2010 ! Check it ! 

Relaxed , just chillen with the most awesome guy in the universe . 
Can't believe what's going on 
doin alright .... 
Feels like a kid again :D 
Woo Hoo ! Boating , tubing , jetskiing , < PROPMALE > jumping : best day of my life !!! 
hi ho , hi ho , off to work i go .... damn :( 
Chillin .......... 
Ready to spend money I don't have 
School tomorrow ........ ugh 
Tired of being let down ..... 
Never mind , i am done with this . 
If you love something let it go : if it comes back it was meant to be yours . If it doesn't .. well then it obviously it wasn't meant to be 
Had a great night with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > !!! Plus , assassin's creed is the most awesome game ever ! 
is hurting everywhere ..... 
Everything is so fucked up ..... 
Just tired ... 
Loooong day today , loonggg day tomorrow . :( 
Is seriously feeling depressed 
Feeling better 
Village Inn is the place to soothe the soul ..... 
Is feeling regretful 
loves key lime pie !!! yuuuummmm 
Wow what a day 
Long day of work , now its time to play :) 
Is getting behind in school already ... 
Is excited !!!! Yippie !!!! WOO HOO ! 
jingle jugs .... lol 
WOO HOO ! this weekend is going to be fucking fantastic ! 
Laser tag , panda express , natalie/argelia/justin combo plus the hangover : best night EVER ! 
karate chopped in the neck by cards : apparently < PROPFEMALE > has a good aim 
Work , then the SUPERBOWL !!!! GO SAINTS !!!! 
YEAH !!! the Saints won !! woo hoo ! 
No one fucking knows what the real definition of love is . Men suck . 
Is feeling a little bit better ... 
Skipping class because its gay .... lol 
No more problems !!! YESSSS !!!!! 
Just got my tickets for the 3OH ! 3 concert in April !!! woo hoo !! 
Looks like i might have a < PROPFIRST > after all ..... :) 
Bowling was so much fun last night , and today is going to be even better . God i love my life :D 
I definitely want to see that new movie < PROPFIRST>'s Day sometime next week : anyone want to come ? 
Damn , life is getting interesting .... :) 
I never realized how much i missed playing the PS2 until i brought it back out ..... i definitely need to get a PS3 
Finally got my blu-ray player ! woot woot ! 
Is bored ..... and tired of the snow already 
Wow , i am brutally tired and feeling sick :( 
Well , i feel A LOT better ;) Its a brand new day .... 
Has a feeling that this weekend is gonna be fantastic ..... :D 
Just spent waaaaaaayyyy too much money on clothes : now i just need somewhere to wear them to :) 
Who really likes leftovers anyway ? 
All my caramel coconut girl scout cookies are gone ...... sad day :( 
Yessss , another beautiful day ..... and i have work . Damn . 
Almond joy just might be my new favorite < PROPFEMALE > .... 
What does your favorite color have anything to do with how long you survive a zombie attack ? Just curious . 
Its my day off ... and its freaking beautiful outside !!!!!! off+ beautiful day = perfect . :D 
Hmmmmm what to do today ? 
School ..... what a drag . 
Welp , the epic facebook fight has finally ended-the post is officialy deleted . 
Getting a cut and color with highlights tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Im soooooo excited :D 
Had a pretty fantastic St. < PROPFIRST>'s day- i love being < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Spring break is fantastic so far , and its only the beginning .... 
Can't wait to go camping for my b-day !!! Woo hoo ! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes !!! i <3 you all ! 
so burger < PROPMALE > and dairy < PROPFEMALE > got together and made < PROPFIRST > in the box haha ! 
aaaaaahhhhhhh , the weekend is lookin good ! ; y 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . So love the people who treat you right . Forget about the ones who dont . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > grab it with both hands . If it changes your life let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it !... post on your wall if you agree !! 
Hell yeah ! 3oh ! 3 concert in a week !!!!! :D 
< PROPFIRST > foreman 
TWO MORE DAYS !!!!! AHHHHHHHH !!!! :D 
3OH ! 3 here i come !!!! 
Woop woop ! Can't wait for June !!!!! 
Last night was hella fun ! hahahahaha ;) 
if you wait until the last minute , it only takes a minute ;) 
so tired of the cold . what the hell colorado its may !!!! 
is ready for the summer !!! woop woop ! 
ooohhhh tonight is gonna be fuuuunnnn !!!! haha can't wait ! 
Ah , i do love summertime 
Incline tomorrow ! its gonna kick my ass .... bring it ! 
Ugh , I need something to do .... 
How depressing- everything i worked hard for might go down the drain . fuck . 
moving sucks . 
Army of two is a pretty badass game- I'm lovin it 
Ah it is so gorgeous out- I think I will go out and enjoy it ! 
Let's go flyers , let's go !!! 
I am definitely going to go buy Red Dead- it was ridiculously fun to play 
Is frustrated with just about everyone right \ 
now .... can't wait to get out of this place for awhile .... :/ 
Ladie's Night !!!! And my mom got married today :) 
3 more days !!! And I'll be outta here !!! :D 
Goodbye Colorado , Hello Pennsylvania ! 
Is missing home .... 
Home sweet home ! 
Happy 4th of July- let's blow shit up ! 
Boating and baseball game on saturday , then possibly six flags the week after ? Sounds like a perfect summer to me :) 
New car in 2 months-hell yeah ! I can't wait ! 
Im finally certified !!!! Woo hoo pay raise for me ! LOVIN IT ! 
Definitely excited for < PROPFEMALE > craft 2- damn I can't wait to play it !!! 
So , I'm thinking Hawaii is my dream place to go for graduate school ... :D 
Converse one-star- because you're not good enough to be an all-star . 
So school is T-minus 2 days .... I'm kinda looking forward to it , kinda dreading it . Welp , we'll see how this year goes ! 
p 
Between work and school I barely have time to breathe- good thing it'll be all worth it in the end ! 
p[WWQwW 
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 
Man , last night was one hell of a good time ! 
My phone has been turned off . AGAIN . kinda done with verizon . 
This weekend is turning out to be quite nice afterall ;) 
Lady , if you are so hairy that you have a slight man-beard , maybe you should consider taking a dip in a pool of nair . Just sayin . 
This weekens is gonna be BOMB ! I can't wait :D 
I like it on the kitchen counter 
Nothing tastes better than bottled coke . Nothing 
y 
Well hello there , welcome into this world <3 
Broncos ... WTF 
So 3 parties , 3 costumes , this halloween weekend . Doin ' it ! ;D 
I am already planning out my Halloween costume for next year-that's how much I love it . 
COD black ops and snow- today is perfect :) 
You go from 0 to fail in 2.2 seconds . 
I want it to snow . NOW . 
Happy Turkey Day ! Eat it up ! 
Fuck yeah ! Its finally snowing ! YESSSSSSS SNOW !!!!!!!!! 
Finals ? How do I feel about them ? BRING IT BITCHES . 
Really wants to go boarding- if the snow won't come to me , I'll go to the snow :) 
Welp this weekend was insane- but way too much fun ;) Repeat for next weekend ? I think so ..... 
Welp my first time at Cowboys and there was no bull-riding machine . Damn I've always wanted to do that .... 
Who got an iPad ? This girl right here . Now all I need is for the Cardinals to beat the Cowboys and my Christmas will be complete :) 
I <3 snow . I <3 my jeep . I <3 Colorado . 
< PROPMALE > shopping and an Av's hockey game today ? I think so ! 
You know what's nice ? Snow . What's not nice ? The morons that don't know how to drive in it . 
Hates when your phone gets turned off and you miss texts from everyone- and you have no idea . 
I love when you walk into a public bathroom and it looks like someone got in a monstrous fight with the toilet paper . Awesome . 
I feel so abandoned right now , and I don't know why . All I know is I'm not a fan of this feeling ... 
A dirty song is stuck in my head . Doesn't help that I hear it everytime I turn on the radio . Awesome . 
If someone gave me a nickel for every ignorant , self-centered person I ever met , I would never need a job . If only I could find someone willing to do it ... 
Good news everyone , potassium iodide protects your thyroid from radiation . In the case of a nuclear explosion , everyone you know will be dead , but at least your thyroid will be perfectly healthy . 
You and I wake in a psych < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ! 
Pugh rocks so much !! He is so sexy . I am so happy when I get to cuddle with him 
Satisfaction levels are at an all time high . I do believe that this means my life is pretty much [ insert positive adjective here ] :) 
I've just noticed that every coffee shop on campus wraps their pastries in the loudest paper possible , so that when you go to eat it in the middle of class , it sounds like you are a human paper shredder . Human ingenuity at it's finest . 
