not having as good of a New Years as I had hoped 

Happy New Year everyone . 
has to get her A/C fixed soon . 
can't wait to have running A/C tomorrow morning . So hot and sticky in the house . UGH !!!! 
My Home Film ;) http://kdclan.user.kz/megaperformans/ 
can't wait for the 4th of July weekend . 
can't believe < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died - so unexpected . 
can't wait to spend the weekend at the beach and visiting friends . 
is ready to hit up the beach this weekend . 
on my way back up to Atlanta after a fun weekend back home and at the beach . 
is in for a very long day . 
at home relaxing after the Braves game and FREE ALL American Rejects concert . Got to meet < PROPMALE > and boy was he drunk . 
is tired after being at the lake for 5 hours . 
is having an interesting day . Lots to ponder . 
is exhausted and sore from doing yard work . 
had a great time at the Braves and Varsity . 
has had a crazy busy weekend , but so much fun and it is only the beginning . 
is thankful for the 3 day weekend . 
trying to cope with life's twists . 
The more I live , the more I learn . The more I learn , the more I realize , the less I know . 
is sick of all the rain . Hope I can get to work tomorrow . 
stuck in Douglasville due to road closures/flooding . What to do , what to do ? 
still stuck in D-ville and needing a < PROPFIRST > pick-me-up . 
ended up having a pretty good day after all . 
ready to rock out at the Halestorm show tonight !!! 
getting things ready for my next concert tomorrow night . 
not ready to go back to work tomorrow . 
ready to spend the weekend with my mom and neice . 
is exhausted . LLLLOOONNNGGG day . 
tired of feeling sick all the time . Ugh !!! 
ah , life is interesting 
I hate doing road trips by myself . Got to finish packing for Delaware . 
sleepy but having a hard time going to bed 
packing up for my trip back home to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Can't wait for all my family to get into town for the Holidays . 
YEAH !!!! I'm finally over the stomach flu . 
I can't believe that it is almost 2010 . 
HATES being stuck in the house because of all the ice on the roads . 
Finally able to get out , but there are still a few scary parts in the neighborhood . 
Just done with the drama . 
Spending the day with my mom and going to see a hypnotist . 
Safe at last ( sigh !! ) . Probably shouldn't have gone out tonight , but only slid on the ice a few times on the way home . 
Getting a jump start on spring cleaning . 
thinking about getting a new car 
Picking up my new car today !!! 
Got a busy weekend ahead of me . 
For an optimist , I’m pretty damn pessimistic when it comes to people .... I guess that’s what happens when people rarely prove you wrong . 
ready for the next few weeks to be over with . 
It's my birthday and I'll party if I want to :) !!!!!! 
Thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes and those who celebrated it with me !!! Here's to 25 !!! 
St. < PROPFIRST > , here I come !!! Yeah for a mini vacation . 
back in Brunswick tonight and then off to my house tomorrow . This vacation wasn't long enough . 
Waiting on my new car to have its windows tinted and then I'm heading back home to Douglasville : not looking forward to the drive though . 
back home finally and that means back to work . Ugh ... 
nothing like going back to work after being out on vacation to find everything to be FUBAR ... UGH !!!!! 
so cold this morning , ahhhh , I miss the St. < PROPFIRST > weather , sad face :( . 
staying up to 2:30 am last night is really going to make getting up at 5:30 am tomorrow extremely difficult . 
I really need to be productive around the house this weekend . 
so tired but finally got weed killer out on the front lawn . ready for the weekend . 
Yeah !!! I get to spend Mother's Day with my mom and make egg rolls . Here's to hopefully a good weekend . 
Should I stay or should I go now ? 
eating an early dinner , watching a movie , and relaxing after a very exhausting yet productive weekend . Hopefully next weekend with be the same . 
feelin good for the first time in a while . Looking forward to an extended weekend with mom and getting the remaining repairs done around the house . 
making progress on the house repairs . 
Got so much on my mind ... wish I could get away , relax , and forget about it all for just a moment . 
was only outside for an hour , but man I got some sun . 
so happy that Panda Express has finally brought back the green bean chicken 
watching the Uruguay vs . South Korea came then the USA game later today . Hopefully the weather holds so I can grill out . 
REALLY , REALLY looking forward to spending a relaxing weekend in St. < PROPFIRST > . 
Feeling extremely sick . Haven't felt this bad in a long time . 
Hum ... to mow the lawn or not ? 
looking forward to watching the World Cup game tomorrow . Now off to go see Dispicable Me ; \It's so fluffy !!! \ " LOL " 
bug bites from late weekend still driving me crazy , ugh .... 
Watching the Uruguay vs . Germany game . Both teams very aggressive early on , so should be a good game . 
SOOOO frustrated with my bank today . Hopefully will get things figured out tomorrow and move forward . \ 
\ 
Now , time to enjoy the World Cup game . Go Netherlands !!! 
Can't wait for the 23rd to come :) 
Hope the storm passes soon or I won't get much sleep . 
There is something peaceful about sitting in a dark room listening to the rain crash against my roof and windows . 
really getting frustrated with my iPod . It keeps crashing on me . Man it would suck to lose my music . 
oh boy , Mia Michales and < PROPFIRST > Shankman make the best judges ; this is the first season of SYTYCD that I look forward to the judges comments . 
I've watched some very unique movies lately ... 
Another tunder storm and another doggy anxiety attack ... 
there is no worse way to be awakened in the morning than by the sound of a dog puking ... ugh 
Will this rain ever end .... 
need to start getting everything together for this weekend 
tomorrow is going to be one crazy day , but I can't wait :P 
need more sleep ... 
so ready for the weekend ... and I really need to get some yard work done ... 
the greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do . 
\I don't know how the rest of my story will go ; I don't know who I'll be in it ; ... I'm just seeing what happens next . \"" 
so apparently they have made a movie about Facebook's origins . Saw the previews yesterday ... um , wasn't very appealing . 
why is it that the only people who contact me sometimes are the ones with whom I don't want to talk ; while those I would love to hear from never call me back . 
another month has come and back to the grind at work ... at least I have something to look forward : seeing < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > on the 20th :) 
having a terrible Tuesday . Worse part , I think I ended up offending/hurting someone that I really care about :( 
I won a VIP Eat , Pray , Love package on Q100 this morning . Going to enjoy a dinner at Buca di Beppo tonight and an early viewing of the movie next week . So excited :) 
Good food , good company , and now for a good night of sleep .... 
I absolutely SUCK when is comes to explaining myself . WHY ?!?!?!?!? Can't one thing be easy for me .... 
really in the mood for steak :) 
it's fun to look back ; just remember you can never go back 
had dim sum for brunch ; a very different but interesting dinning experience 
I never thought it to be possible , but I am out of ketchup in my house :O !!!! 
\I don't want to come back down from this cloud . It's taken me all this time to find out what I need \"" 
it's Friday the 13th ; lets see what trouble I can get myself into :) 
back to the grind 
its uncomfortable being told something bad when you cannot say or do anything about it 
just finished cooking me some dinner YUMMMMMM .... smells wonderful :) 
only two days to go until I get to see my nephew and neice :) 
looking forward to an evening out and listening to some live jazz music tomorrow 
T . G . I . F .... looking forward to a busy weekend of music , friends , and family :) 
there are some serious storms passing through ... was a little scary driving home on the interstate but made it safely :) 
there are many days I wish I had a doggy door at my house so I didn't have to get up at 7am to let her out ... but now I'm up and getting ready for my neice and nephew to arrive today :) 
so I wasn't wrong , I actually did see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > last night while at dinner :) 
my house has become a circus of hyper energetic rug rats :P ... my nephew came and crawled in bed with me this morning to wake me up ... it was so sweet :) 
it's been a long day ... need a good night of sleep to start off a long week at work 
laugh when you can , cry when you need to , and don't be afriad of going after what you want :) 
got my Amex < PROPFEMALE > SkyMiles card today ... time to start earning some < PROPMALE > so I can take a really nice trip :) 
the pain in my hand/wrist has gotten worse all of a sudden ... I can barely move it :( 
having an off day ... so ready for a lazy weekend 
wishes I was back to 100% already ... so tired of feeling crappy 
feeling better ... this new medicine is working much more effectively :) 
living in a time of uncertainty ... but living it the best I can :) 
found a new band I really like call < PROPFEMALE > Halo ... and they're playing a show here in Atlanta on Sept 12th :) 
man I am having one hell of a week so far ... can't one thing go right 
man I REALLY love Beyer's Reese's Cup ice cream ... yum .... so good :D 
suddenly craving me some Spanky's ... gonna have to get me some this weekend :) 
in Brunswick for Labor Day weekend to celebrate my nephew's birthday ; get some Spanky's and < PROPFIRST>'s; and see some old friends :) 
my nephew just asked me if I saw his daddy ( i.e. is he online ? ) ... how precious :) 
heading home tomorrow and looking forward to the upcoming week :) 
living today in memory of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ( Mommom ) < PROPFIRST > 9-6-2009 
it was really hard saying goodbye to my neices and nephew this morning ... but I'm back home getting a few things done before the weekend is over :) 
have my first physical therapy tomorrow ... hope it goes well :) 
oh the fall weather has arrived ... love it :) 
had sushi and hummis for dinner ... strange combination , I know , but it's what I wanted :P 
looking forward to a productive weekend , but tonight is all about the relaxation :) 
as the bus pulls into the station this evening , there are approximately 10 police officers and a K-9 dog waiting and searching the area ... ohhh , somebody did a bad , bad thing 
looking forward to the cooler weather this weekend 
looks like I'm in for a rainy day 
feeling like crap :( 
feeling like crap still :( ... the dramatic shift in temperature has knocked me on my butt 
What women want : To be loved , to be listened , to be desired , to be respected , to be needed , to be trusted , and sometimes just to be held . What mean want : Tickets for the World Series . \ 
-- < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
just won tickets to the Project Reunion Tour ... anyone interested in joining me for the show ? 
going crazy trying to find my camera battery 
having a pretty good day ; work went by quickly and now I'm at home enjoying a home cooked meal :) 
aaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... 
still tired from running around town with my family yesterday for 7 hours 
just finished dying my hair , not it's time to cut it 
\Against logic there is no armor like ignorance . \ " \ 
waiting for my clam chowder to warm up ... yummy :) 
love the smell of brownies baking in the over :) 
I really need to figure out how to hookup my laptop to my tv ... 
so I come home to find out my dog had a blast today eating strawberries in my bed 
ready to enjoy an extended weekend 
heading back home today ... really not looking forward to the drive 
one night down ; two to go :D 
it's great to see Justice prevail 
think I'm going to start up the fire place this weekend :) 
ahhh ... love the smell of wood burning in the fireplace :) 
really got to get a humidifier for the house ... this static is driving me crazy 
got the fireplace going again today ... :) 
had a pretty good day ... can't wait still next week 
I'm so excited ... only one week until I get lasik 
watching the Falcons vs . Rams game ... then going to check out the Eagles vs . Giants 
finally everyone is here ... and the craziness has begun :) 
want to wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving 
lasik in the morning and Falcons game on Sunday ; going to be a good weekend :) 
hoping my eyes will recover enough for the Falcons game tomorrow 
Falcons win : YEAH !!! 9 & 2 ; can't wait to go to the final home game in January :) 
oh sweet November , how you've been good to me :) 
I really hate having blood drawn from my hand 
Auburn just crushed Carolina ... hopefully they can get the SEC another National Championship 
my poor dog : I scared the crap out of her when I jumped with her in my lap and cheered after the flacons intercepted the ball in the 4th quarter ... 10-2 !!! 
looking forward to starting my new job on Monday 
so I just heard on the radio that 50 Cent and < PROPFEMALE > Handler are dating ... REALLY :O ?!?!?! 
< PROPFEMALE > turned over the ball on the first play of the game .... LOL !!! Go Falcons 
here's to new beginnings 
an apple and peanut butter ... hello dinner 
going to get my car serviced , then back home to wrap presents 
One more day of work and then can enjoy time off for the holidays with family :) 
enjoying the holidays with family , but also really looking forward to the next week and the new years :D 
I want to wish everyone a wonderful and joyous < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
having a great start to the new year :D 
really feeling cooped up ... stupid snow storm got me trapped home 
papercuts ... ugh !!! 
had my first MRI scan today , wasn't too bad . 
I need a vacation 
I am so fed up with insurance and mortgage companies : UGH !!! 
I have a really awesome neighbor 
watching one of my favorite movies : Love Actually 
missing my family 
life sucks some days 
looking forward to fresh crab and shrimp this weekend 
I just want to thank everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
finally filed the paperwork to get a passport today ... so excited about all the possibilities :) 
so I came home and it was 59 degrees in the house ... can you say chilly ? 
