so ... this dude tonight at the bar told me i was fat and of course i flipped him the bird for being a douchebag ... but still it kinda stings ... that's b.s. what guy in his right mind would poke fun at a girl's weight ??? im sad ... not to be fishing for com 

< PROPFEMALE > ALERT ! 3 yr old girl taken by a man driving a new silver truck . Plate 72B381 from Stockton , CA . Please change your status for even just one hour please 
is distraught ... 
so starting after christmas , I am going to be going to school to become a physical therapist's < PROPFEMALE > ... and then , on to becoming a full-fledged physical therapist !!! i'm so excited !! 
URGENT FACEBOOK UPDATE : As of today , Facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets . To turn this option off , go to settings , then privacy , then meals . Click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of Facebook from eating your beloved children and pets . Copy this to your status to warn your friends 
had her wisdom teeth out today and is not a happy camper .... ow . 
pink gingham 
omg ... my mouth is killing me !!! someone come put me out of my misery ... :( 
Thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes ! Best present of all ... to know you're loved :) 
Yesterday , over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in California . Another 17,000 in Illinois . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your facebook status . We are willing to post colors of our underwear and places we were born . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our lives ! In the comments name a teacher ...... who has impacted you ! 
I just got a sweet new phone ! The droid from verizon is sweet ! 
So ... for those of u that don't know . My ireland choir tour has been officially CANCELLED . I'm bummed but I made some friends and had an adventure ! 
WE EVEN WATCHED THE SAFETY VIDEO !!!!!! 
bleh .... por que ?!?! 
jet lag is a tough gig ... but it's worth it . I FINALLY made it to the < PROPFEMALE > Isle . I'm so tired that it feels like I'm still on the plane goin up and down and up and down ... but I'm HERE !!!!! and my hotel rocks . you close the curtains by touch screen ... and a tv in the bathroom .... hehe 
I feel like I'm dying .... my chest rattles everytime I take a breath ... send me good thoughts so I can get over this stupid whooping cough ... 
wants a juicer ... 
I audition for Canzona today , an elite women's singing group , at 3pm in Shell Beach . Everyone , send good thoughts my way ! 
I'M IN !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Rocked the audition ! I'm in CANZONA !!!! YAY !!! WHOOO ! < happy dance > 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies , they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . Re-post if u have ... at least , one true friend .... 
please read my note fellow Californians :) 
Guess who just got a job as a massage therapist at Kennedy Club Fitness ! Go on guess .... that's right ! ME ! Haha ! 
DJamison Beaverhausen is the best !!! <3 he's so amazing !!! 
\Two meats do NOT make a fruit . \ " \ " Or does it ?? \ " HAHA " 
Who's up for 108 Sun Salutations by Yogawave at the Morro Bay Vet's Hall at 1:30 on New Year's Day ??? Start your New Year with a challenge :) 
just devoured the first delicious glass of fresh juice from her < PROPFIRST > lalane power juicer ! so yummy ! carrots + oranges + a lemon + an apple = awesomeness in my tummy . 
Keep drinking water . The body distinguishes pure water differently from liquid food . Remember , all food is liquid by the time it reaches the digestive system . Water has its own important uses . \ 
\ 
little health tip for everyone today :) loves ! <3 
