That God Blessed The Broke Road That Lead Me Straight To You I Feel Like A New Person Today :) 

If U Need Me Leave A Message Gonna Watch Slumdog Millionaire :) Then Whateva Happens Happens :) Miss < PROPFEMALE > With Every1 Gonna Go Play With My Stick Wheel And Stones lmao 
Readin A New Earth Awakening to Your Life's Purpose By Eckhart Tolle U Get The < PROPMALE > Read It Trust Me Its Helpin Me Alot 
Chillin Today :) ill Get On Lata Around 9ish if any1 wants to talk :) ttyl 
Did Hay Today :) Got a Great Work-out And Got A Great Tan lol can't wait for second cut now shorts next time ;) almost done with the book i love it :) 
I Want Next Week :) The Girls R Comin , Karianne Is Playin , Its Just Gonna Be A Hoot Of A Week ... But I Guess Ill Finish Off This Week lol 
my spirit is high & bright ... Boy Like Me-Jessica Harp , Wakin Up In Vegas-katy < PROPFIRST > , Im In Miami B*Tch-Lmafo 
Hey Every1 I did a music update on myspace wanna check it out ill give ya the website kk Luv Yall ..... 28th of June Belmont in Detroit Karianne Plz Come & Support :) She's An Amazin Musician/Artist :) 
Just Livin .... 28th of June Belmont in Detroit Karianne is Playin Plz Come & Support 
There is A Stick in the Middle Of The Kitchen lol the roof leaked but its okay remember 28th Of June Karianne Playin at Belmont 
Wut Will Today Bring ... might go see the Hangover 2nite w/my cuz < PROPMALE > will c ... Remember The 28th Of June Belmont in Detroit Cum & Support 
Plan 4 2morrow clean the pool totally need to do that majorly 
This Gurl Is Gonna Get A Job Soon I Feel It ... 4 Days & All My Chickas will Be Here This Weekend Will Rock Sunday Karianne's Gig 2 :) Im So Enlightened :) Im Luvin it ... 
LET THE GOOD TIMES ROLL ... THNX 4 THE MEMORIES ... 4got my tip life does have its seasons just people play the role better :) its true thats my tip for the day :) luv yall lol NO H8 
Goin 2 work out in the sun 2day tan :) pull weeds clean pool :) 
Mat Kearney- Fire & Rain , & Closer To Luv . Im luvin his lyrics im just chillen gonna work hayin 4 < PROPFEMALE > in mornin & then hay in the afternoon :) weekend im gonna relax 
Mat Kearney Great Musician with his words ... i wont be on 2morrow leave me a message or sumthing if ya want luv u all 
Gonna Get Ready 4 the day & clean the pool sum more , hayin , & then from there whateva happens happens 
HEY its comin down 2 ur last < PROPMALE > to get tickets 4 Karianne's Gig in Detroit .. This Sunday ... 
Jammin 2 music 2day im thinkin about takin a walk a lil sore for hay but it feels amazin :) U Make My Dreams Come True by Hall & Oats ya im old skool :P 
ANTE UP !!! WHAFF Yo .. This Weekend will rock :) Can't Wait 2 Chill With My Gals 
Can't Wait 2 < PROPFEMALE > With My Gurls 2day ... Well 4 the weekend :) Sis Woke me up lol its all good :) 
All The Gurls Will Be Here :) Pool is clear lol still workin on it ... 2pm appointment W/Michigan Works :) 
Chillen with the gurls :) 
Karianne's Gig 2nite :) This Weekend Rocked It Was Amazin Hangin With The Girls :) 
Can't Wait Until I get 2 see Karianne Play 2nite :) Her first payin gig :) Come & support @ the Belmont In Detroit @ 6:45 pm .. ;) 
My Cuz did Amazin Last Night ... Weekend With The Girls Rocked Deer Watchin :) Swimmin At Nite lmao ;) Fun time Slept In late 2day thou . Now 2 think About The 4th of July Wut plans ? Today Just Gonna Relax & Listen 2 Music :) 
Thinkin Of People 2day just keepin em in mind :) 
Going 2 switch vehicles 2day woohooo lol mini road trip 
Wut Really Goes On In The Human Mind Is It Just Bullcrap ... Seriously WHAFF people just dont understand do they 
Tomorrow No Doubt Is @ the Palace :( Totally Wish goin 2 D-city Tomorrow another time Spiderwebs amazing Song :( :( all ya lol :P u no who lol 
Looking 4 tickets i wanna see that show tomorrow 
I think i give no luck at all :( ill just have to catch No Doubt another time ... * sad face * 
No Luck With Tickets :( it wasn't meant to be well hopen the weather clears up atleast so i can tan & work outside ... luv yall 
Just got back from NO Doubt I LOVE HER SERIOUSLY LOVE HER now im broke lol 
HAPPY 4TH EVERY1 Goin Around ... Still Can't Beleive I Seen No Doubt .... Busy 2day Love ya all 
Full < PROPFEMALE > nite goin and enjoy it luv u all muah 
Everyone in the Ferndale area gonna be singin a lil at Aj's Cafe 2nite 4 fun ... Your in the Area Come Watch Karianne is singin 2 :) love yall 
Im just so happy with life i could just scream it 2 the world i love that life is just on the right track only thing missin is a job but that will be soon i luv u all keep in touch & ill see you all soon xoxoxo peace luv music 
This Chicka is chillen with her new hair color :) i love it , but tomorrow 4 sure gettin up runnin in the mornin @ 6am then workout tan & wuteva else :) 
One two four three , None of these gurls look better than me , Better then me better than me , None of these gurls look better than me , Hate hate hate hate hate , I don’t care what gurls say , I don’t even look their way , Look their way look their way , ALL 
Well Gotta go paint leave me some message's i love yall keep in touch everyone Peace Love Music 
im speechless right now ... plannin a trip is all i can say ... Addicted Pusaka I Took The Night- Chelley Turpentine Born To Fly 
Gonna tan alil , work on the pool sum more , then 2 dodi & < PROPFIRST>'s to help with the yard alil then back 2 plannin ... got a beautiful dress 4 the wedding ... ;) 
The 5day Countdown :) Gonna Be Visitin Peeps In Alpena ... Wedding & Wut < PROPFEMALE > else , riding up with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Chillin in Rochester plannin trip to alpena 4 next week checkin the hwy updates for I-75 where the tanker exploded 
Chillin just took < PROPFIRST > a long long walk :) felt great ... now waitin 4 him 2 wake up & it will be to the swing again 4 push lol :) 
Just chillen gonna play sum guitar in the meadow 2day i think ... & any1 in alpena that will be in town the 22-26th give me ur digits & will have 2 chalax sum :) luv yall & peeps write me :) let me no how every1 is miss yall 
Man im < PROPMALE > on my playin singin still got it but :( i need 2 pick my baby up more but just chillen right now thinkin of the trip in 2days 
Busy 2day Me & < PROPFIRST > r in rochester doin yard work :) tomorrow its off 2 alpena for just about everything lol 
Hi ho HI ho its off to Alpena I go ... i love u all & see ya soon :) hope 4 a smooth ride not bumpy one 
Letting Everyone Know Im Alive Im Living In Dayton , Ohio Im Working @ < PROPFIRST > Johns Great Hours Right Now Bar Shift/ Double 5pm-3am I Love You All & Plan On Getting Internet Sometime This Next Month Leave Me Messages If You Wanna Contact Me Faster My Address Is 92 Paddock Rd , Dayton Ohio ... I Would Love Letters I'll Write Back Promise Seriously I Will But My Life Is Real Started I Plan On Great My Education & 2College :) 
Another 10-3 bar shift lol i love it got a $179 check for my 2weeks :) im happy i can fix my guitar pay electric & still have money saved over rent is the next pay check :) im so happy my life is changing for the better :) 
getting the school all taken care of im at work off for right now can't wait until payday again lol pay rent then maybe head to the orgeon district to sing at an open mic love yall and miss ya all 
working 17 hrs 9am-4am and sliced my finger at work im just the emo kids lmao but yeah i miss u all write me ill write back i promise ttfn 
thinking wut is the point really gonna have a pretty high check :) cant wait 
thinking about lifes wonders looking up jobs and schooling wooohhooo its hard typing with a hurt finger ugh lol 
Just thinkin about thing thou wut everyone is thinkin who knows but im thinkin things thou deeply gonna post new pics :) 
I can't wait to go back to skool graduate get money saved up then go to college for music theraphy or just to be a therapist ive got it down 2 those 2 .. love u all & miss ya 
Findin A Way Home ... Get My Last Pay-Check On Wednesday So After That Ive just got to find A way lookin @ Bus Tickets & All Then Its To Alpena We Go ... P.S. I love you all & ttfn 
Theres A She Wolf In Your Closet Let It Out So It Can Breathe ... Coming Out COMIN OUT < PROPFEMALE > She Wolf ... amazin song just brightens my day :) wish i could meet her ;) 
Oh wut 2 do wut 2 do im gonna clean the whole house 2morrow walls & everything on the lower level of the house :) home alone makes wanna clean don't ask .... luvyall 
Thinkin about playin my guitar write new songs 9 cigs . left thats got to last me until wednesday when i go & get my check ugh lol great so how's everyone doin i wanna no 
Goin Home On Thurs . Thank U so much < PROPFIRST > ur my hero :) I dont have2take a bus & sleep in flint or stay in detriot 4 3hr45min ... he's on his way rite now2stay w/me until thurs .. so i dont have 2bike2work2 get my check either ... Ill miss u dayton but every1 leavin here so i must go 2 ... god i pray4safe travel4james & for our ride up on thurs . amen 
God I Feel Horrible I Dont Wanna Clean Anymore ... I feel like a bitch .. :( Y god Y ???? :'( 
All packed & ready2go takin a lil nap havent slept yet runnin on 3.45 hrs of sleep in 2days :) g2g my check in an hour , cash my check , get cigs & get breakfast , & get on the road4a 7 1/2-8hr drive :) i cant wait cold upnorth here i cum i hope ur ready :) ive missed u 
I alpena babysitting right now so i will talk to yall later I didn't know how much i missed this lil town 
Its a great day :) cold but good :) 
amazing day it is ... very cold so got an iced mocha with strawberry flavorin :) then got home and just chillen on the computer gonna play my guitar sometime today & then run to the courtyard to set up a date 
Just in a wonderin mood ... tryin my best to learn stick :( its okay well lata 
Drivin around gave < PROPFEMALE > boo a bath lol of course she didn't like it lol but i love her xoxo 
Its amazin when u loose a loved 1 . the memories they stay with you ... sry just think about the ppl ive losted . i love & miss them but i know ill see them again 
Gotta Work Tonight & tomorrow FUN WORK ;) can't wait 
NO DOUBT THANK YOUR MUSIC U MADE MY DAY ... :) BATHWATER :) EX-GIRLFRIEND ;) SPIDERwebs :D all of it 
Some People Just Piss Me Off ... Well Wuteva ... Im Happy to say im in Alpena ... Away From All The Bullshit ... All Know Who U Are 
Today Lots To Do But The Weather Its So Horrible :( well put my headphones in & just dance the day away 
Okay Tell Me If This Is Just Not Right ... Ive been in a dancing mood like all week :) i love it but wow lol 
Check Out My Song My Profile :) Remind's Me Of The No Doubt Concert :) I miss it but gotta dance again listen to the words its to someone too ;) good luck find out who 
So what is everyone doin for Halloween :) fill me in on what's going on Im open that day give me a holla :) or ill just have to dance to < PROPFEMALE > spears :) lol 
YES FINALLY Some1 is going to the haunted house with me HAHAHA I Can't Wait ;) anybody else wanna come 
I think im just gonna dress up as a celeb tonight go to the movies then get movies maybe go to walmart then come home that my halloween lol DANCE TO THRILLER OUTSIDE LOL put on a show lol j/k maybe 
Well There's My Halloween Fun lol Being My Job LMAO I loved it got more customers the word is out ;) I <3 Makin people happy well send <3 to all nite 
Im not used to the time changes yet ... i dont know wut to do there is nothin in this city ugh 
This Is Horrible its only 9:30 pm any1 wanna < PROPFEMALE > Q : If I played Courtyard Who Will All Show Up Cuz If No1's gonna show im not gonna play ther 
Decided U don't have to like me & u can hate me but i forgive u ;) thats all i have to say have an amazing day <3 
Tryin 2 find out a computer problem confusin me :S so listen to no doubt to help me out then when that is finished to makin my room :) 
Babysittin :) <3 until 3ish then it's to night school then finally get home around 7:30 ish wednesday r gonna be the busiest day :) but im happy 2 say ive got my life on the right track <3 
This is the only thing I dont like Lecture from a computer for school :) but im workin on it I want the paper that says ur successful ( I want to be graduated ) <3 
Babysittin :) takin the boi's to school soon :) I love it then time with Jossie :) i no i can't spell lol i love them all :) cam was great to day thanks < PROPFIRST > :) ttyl after that a lil time workin on school :) 
I Love XM Radio But I CAn't FIND MY SONG :'( i will find u again soon well this chicka is hittin the hay gettin up at 545 ttfn 
Thinking but other than that its wonderful out today , gonna take the kids out in a lil bit & then make dinner then get em to bed & clean :) <3 life 
Can't wait to relax lol losin weight i <3 it :) hopefully goin bowlin for family time tonight :) 
Just Got Done Watchin Love & Other Disasters with < PROPFEMALE > Murphy in it . Amazin Movie about love ... its very true stop lookin for it let love come to you <3 :) 
U dont know wut ur missin until its lost . decided not to play tonight just not the right time plus the recent song i just wrote i want it to be the break out song the heart stealer ... I know it will . I get it the way i want ill record & post it but u'll have to wait ;) <3 
Its Peanut Butter Jelly TIME !!! yes im all hyper but u no wut i luv it <3 Break it down now FREEZE i wish i could go to the club right now majorly 
BusyBusyBusy , work , find < PROPFIRST > to get my purse cuz i've got nothin , go to school then its off to get the tickets lol plz let there be tickets its tomorrow PLEASE 
Hopefully goin to the movies tonight god plz let me get those tickets bc i want it to be a PJ Party at the movies :) that would totally rock lol got my big purse ready to go lmao 
Its Dance Hour 4 the Kids lol thank u clubbin music for the entertainment 4 the day lol <3 yall if u haven't seen twilight u totally should lol 
Got Work tomorrow P . R . party let the fun begin ;) 
U Build Me Up , U Break Me Down , My Heart It Pounds . Yeah ya Got Me , Ah the night is callin ' & it whispers2me softly , Come&play , But I , I am fallin ' , & if I let myself go Im the only 1 to blame , Im safe up high , nothin can touch me , But why do I feel this partys over ?, No pain inside , u're like perfection , But how do I feel this good sober ? 
Lets see wut to do idk might just run up to family video get movies4the kids then probably play a lil guitar then call it a night then tomorrow IDK lol thats life <3 full of mysteries ;) 
Wishing Everyone A Happy Thanksgiving , Enjoy the time U have with ur family & friends , be thankful throughout the day , & give something or do something for ur community :) much <3 
Every 12 secs sum1 contracts HIV . Every 16 secs sum1 dies from AIDS . #of ppl w/HIV in 2008 : 33,400,000 total 31,300,000 adults 15,700,000 women 2,100,000 children #of AIDS deaths in 2008 : 2,000,000 total 1,700,000 adults 280,000 children 
Car update wont get it yet bc theres notta clear title . otherwise 2nite gonna practice & get a song list set up & mostly like play in the public again give ya more of an update when i get 1 <3 ya's 
Fun im still paintin my room Cosmo Pink ;) almost done just have the rockwall now then get sum sleep work at 7:30 am get the hourly thing done with they off to the bar maybe talk to sum ppl from the band & get a spot next week got my songlist already wish me luck ( this x-mas 3years of teachin myself & playin in the public thats how much i love music ) 
Me , Keegan & < PROPFIRST > still up playin video games & watchin movies me lol readin the new cosmo the room is finished gonna take sum pics 2day well <3 2 chit chat peace :) 
Runnin Up 2 10th Ave 2 see what time i can get in 4 open mic then ill let u all know.im totally excited 3months of bein back & haven't got to play anywhere since May @ the courtyard , good money there but not my style . wish me luck so i can get an openin , after 10th gonna make a cd then maybe play at < PROPMALE>'s Last Resort 
Okay Does Any1 Else Feel Like This Year Has Gone By Way 2 Fast ... but i can't wait for a new year to start ;) <3 Happy Holidays Everyone 
Ello Every1 :) Great News 4 All U That Have Supported My Music Career . Come Watch Me This Thursday @ 10th Ave Bar & Grill 4 Open Mic Gonna Be There @ 9:30 pm open mic ends @ 1:30 am So sum where around there :) Im gonna try & get an early openin :) 
UGH snow Y Y Y Y i wish for better weather when u work trust me u dont like the snow 
Night 10th Ave Bar & Grill 9 ; 30pm open mic im goin no matter wut i need to sing & i need to get some ideas wish me luck :) just me & my guitar thanks everyone that has supported me thank you with all my heart 
Gettin Ready 4 Open Mic Totally excited :) gonna take pics before i leave with my fam :) 21+ can come 18+ sry :( I asked I Tried Let U No About It Later 
well if u missed me tonight you can check me out next week cuz im a weekly player at 10th Ave :) Lord Thank U 4 This Gift U've Given ' Me 
Never felt this sick in my life , Puken ' every 1hr to 1/2hr , < PROPFEMALE > took me to ER they said it was food posion but there was alot of ppl my age in there doin the same thing . Now im just waitin for the test results 2 some back but for now my back is killin me , arund my whole eye is brusied , can't taste nythin , sto < PROPFEMALE > ch feelin like explodin :( fun 
Well im doin better but they did find out it was food poison but it culd be sumthin else all i can say is im tryin to eat but can't lets just hope it goes away i feel so weak :( <3 ya all 
I think u're hot I think u're cool U're the kind of guy Id stalk in skool But now that Im famous U're up my anus Now Im gonna eat u fool Carnivore , Animal I am a Cannibal I eat boys up You better run RAWR !!! 
being a DD i so so . but its best . Had a crazy day and am still moving scary . But thats me for you . Will do whatever needs to be done 
Anyone In Alpena who would want a Black Lab Young Plz message me i need to have the dog gone by tomorrow before 2pm or call me ( 989)255-8606 .... If ya wanna know the shockin news plz message me :) 
Aint it fun that the word luv is used to much to the point it turns to us seein lust sumtimes . but true luv is always hard to find even thou its right underneath our nose <3 sry its just whats on my mind . but i think i found em . this time im for sure (*) 
I need more then 1ofme i cant < PROPFEMALE > with every1 its just crazy its DANIDANIDANI THISTHAT PPL give me a break i work , im tryin2stay focused on skool n im in <3 if im not answerin text or phone calls im stressed out bc every1 is houndin me k if u all wanna < PROPFEMALE > sat or sun poolhall will all just chill ill update later I aint pickin ny1 up u can meet me there 
Plz pray 4 < PROPFEMALE > :( she is havin surgery ( gallbladder is gettin removed ) an intern is doin it ... im scared like no other 4 her :'( <3 
< PROPFEMALE>'s all good she is home feelin way better ^_^ now its time to clean house with friends just 2 many <3 ya all but im just cleanin nothin big lol 
< PROPFEMALE > have i felt this way b4 . I could have a horrible day N still be happy . As long as she's in my life thats all that matters <3 
Everyday is a battle 4 us , We wont let it tear us apart . Our Luv 4 each other is all that matters , U can judge us , Tell us that its wrong , but we R strong . I <3 U < PROPFEMALE > : -* ~ Im A NO H8 Supporter 100% ~ 
I havent slept i just cant . last nite < PROPFEMALE>'s best friend which was a bro 2 her ... killed himself just 5minutes after he < PROPMALE > up the phone w/me :'( . Y couldnt i stop him . He luved his gf she killed herself on new years . GOD I hate that im so far away <3 . < PROPMALE > was his name his funeral is on wednesday @11am ill be there in spirit . He was an amazin guy . I promised him sumthins N i plan to keep those promises 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Stick a bullet thru my heart , right now our luv is wut keeps me standin , will u ever except me 4 who i am , or just tear my apart . Sorry just letting emotions out its been a horrible day today . My luv is all good , but other then that its down the crapper . I dont really wanna explain . but i hope everyone's day is going amazing , I <3 u all 
really hope'n 2 go downstate this weekend i wanna spend vday together . 
1 more day then down 2 Grand Ledge I Go 4 V-day ^_^ <3 flower shoppin down there gotta find the right 1 just 4 her . 
I took my time n got the right lyrics \There For You\ " by Flyleaf i sing it all the time when i think of her " 
have u ever had 1 of those days u just wanna say FML 
I got the courage to tell my mother about < PROPFEMALE > & Me . She <3 s me still I did a big confession , I told her all the women I once loved . I feel the huge weight off my shoulder . I love < PROPFEMALE > R . < PROPFIRST > 
Me n animals i tell you , i couldnt leave that poor dog layin in the road homeless , but we got em a home , very well trained . I know im a sweetheart for animals . 
Makes you think , is it really worth it . 
R.I.P. Kody :'( , this is now idk 2 many ppl i know r dien , I just want to be with her right now . this is a hard time , for the both of us . 
This girl need a LLLOOOONNNNGGGGG vacation like no other ... 
This is just the most amazing day ever . ^_^ Ive never been so happy in my life ^_^ 
I swear life has been on the right path now , im just happy nothing brings me down , just gotta finish school , get a new car , n just enjoy the surpises life brings like this spring break i think i know what the sweetest thing is for sure now ^_^ 
Not that I don't like you , I'm just at a party . And I am sick and tired Of my phone r-ringing . Sometimes I feel like I live in Grand Central Station . Tonight I'm not takin ' no calls , ' Cause I'll be dancin ' . 
< PROPFEMALE > is thinking about coming up next week , just the house with us two ^_^ in Alpena . I hope she does it sucks already being away from her , i bought her a new wrestling DVD < PROPMALE > Mysterio one of her favorite wrestlers . she told me not to spoil her its her job well too bad lol i get to :-P 
Long distance is really hard on the hearts ... 
Is it possible to skip your birthday , dont really to celebrate my birthday no one is going to be here anyways . And its just another year old nothing big . 
My birthday wish is just to be with < PROPFEMALE > thats all really . < PROPFEMALE>'s mom texted me it was too funny just something quoted from southpark ^_^ 
I have one wish for my birthday , for everyone to pray for < PROPFEMALE>'s family , she was one of the closest friends i've had . She died last night . I hope this day turns around so far its not been so great . 
Come On World Throw Something Else At Me WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO SEE SO BAD ... you wanted my ATTENTION U *(&%* (& HAve IT NOW 
I really love the time im getting to spend with < PROPFEMALE > it just makes me feel whole when im around her 
< PROPFEMALE>'s having her flash backs :( i wish i could just hold her let her know everything is going to be alright and that i'm always here for her . I love her . 
< PROPFEMALE > is getting her tooth pulled i'm in the waiting room can't go in the back :( amazing morning though . never felt so attached to someone . we're always there for each . We work things out . fight like an old married couple . And of course we both have the he < PROPMALE > for < PROPMALE > and music . 
i never want to get a tooth pulled its looks like too much pain . Im taking care of her until she is better 
just sitting quietly twirling my thumbs i know don't it sound like so much fun . 
Losing weight thanks to < PROPFEMALE > . She is so helpful 
my phone will be shut off tomorrow 
it sucks not having a phone at all i can use < PROPFEMALE>'s but i dont want to use it . things are going okay i really miss home . i've been working my ass off in GL . Losing weight , eating healthy , and have the love of my life . Its just perfect between us . You all dont need the details . I MISS YOU MOM ... I MISS YOU < PROPFIRST > , I MISS YOU < PROPFIRST > . I REALLY MISS YOU < PROPFEMALE > BOO . yes i miss you all . im still alive and doing very well . 
Do some work outside , finish cleaning the garbage up outside so my baby can finish mowing . Watching her mow is funny , Its kinda like an ATV for her . I know im missed . I might take some pictures today . but ill have to post them tomorrow . Straighten my hair so i can get it trimmed tonight . Its going to be a busy day but im ready for it ^_^ . 
well didn't take pictures yesterday or get my hair cut but going to take care of < PROPFEMALE > today . Her hand got a little messed up yesterday :( . she keeps saying she needs to marry me . we are still young . I dont want to get married until a year or 2 after . you know 
Its been 4months :) she is the one i just know it and have that feeling . Going to the museum today and a surpise is coming my way grrr have to wait to find out i love you all 
rainy day working in the house with my baby 
Her mood swings are just pissing me off ... damn rollercoaster ride 
im having the most shitty day ever ... no need to explain 
All I Ever Wanted-Shinedown , painting , listening to our music . < PROPFEMALE > stay strong . I love you . Forever Love is what it is . 
My new resolution is to trust you\ 
My business to love you until you've had it\ 
I'm not gonna miss out on the good stuff\ 
The grass is much greener with us on it 
look inside your < PROPFEMALE > mind \ 
and look a bit harder \ 
cause we’re so uninspired \ 
so sick and tired \ 
of all the hatred you harbor\ 
so you say it’s not okay to be gay \ 
well I think you’re just evil \ 
you’re just some racist who can’t tie my laces \ 
you’re point of view is medieval 
I need to get sleep , I can't sleep , I have no idea , I know its not healthy thats for sure 
Painting my room at the house Red and Black did some details with the built in dressers . Pick up the red paint tomorrow . I want to mow but it had to rain go figure grrrrr . oh well do it tomorrow . hope everyone is having a amazing day <3 
Isn't It funny how love works ? 
Okay my horoscope has freaked me out its on the < PROPFEMALE > already , so far not going as a good day . Many reasons . 
Hey if your bored want something to do check out Cady Groves , She is a pretty good musician 
Somethings with distances is : When 1 of u is hurt u cant be there 2 comfort the other all u can do is say be strong i no u can get thru this , When ur down u cant just hold each other&say everything is going 2 be alright , & When they need u the most 2 be close u cry because u can feel ur heart being torn right out , But there is 1 thing u do no when u see each other again , Ur love will be stronger then it has ever been b4 . 
Random question lol can you get pulled over on a tractor ? its just a random question 
Just when U think , U got me , Figger out the seasons all ready changin\ 
I think its cool , U do what U do , & dont try 2 sing this , Im a bitch , Im a lover , Im a child , Im a mother , Im a sinner Im a saint , I do not feel ashamed , Im Ur hell Im Ur dream , Im nothin in between , U know , U wouldnt want it any other way 
Just waiting for the Webinar to start , this is just cool never done it before but im going to be learning more about the at home job , ^_^ its an amazing day everything is just going in the right direction again . 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > Spektor , just clearing the mind . Just been thinking all day . 
in horrible pain in my back and wrist :-/ 
going to dye my hair , dark brown under and brugendy on top im just in need for a change , i want to get my nose done just a small stud . 
V is 4 vanity , everytime I look @me I turn myself on , yeah , V is 4 vanity , < PROPMALE > mom & daddy cuz , I turn myself on , yeah , I turn myself on ( get into it ) , Mirror mirror on the wall , Who's the sexiest of them all , Nvm , I am , I am ( oh she's so hot&sexy ) , ( Ha ! ) 
Playing guitar on the porch you , i need to just let the music flow today 
going walking with mom hopefully find some driftwood then have something to do for the week 
Oh , Tell Me Your Here , That You Will Watch Over Me , FOREVER !!!, OH Take Hold Of My Heart , Show Me You'll Love Me Forever ... 
You Are So Cold , Love With You Is A Waste Of Time , All This Time I've Now Just Realized The Lies , and How Much Pain You've Put Me Through , I've Lost Myself , I Don't Know Where I Am ..... 
Feel Like A Zombie ... 
Had Fun being kidnapped by < PROPFIRST > lmao but got a good work out helping < PROPFIRST > in the barn ^_^ 
Cleaning the house like no other need to get money for the weekend , its going to be special actually been waiting for this one to come for a long time now . The only thing that is missing my brother :-( I love you bro see you soon 
* Evil Grin * <3 
Well the perfect weekend will postponed to starting tomorrow :-( i just hope it really happens i've been waiting 
Way too excited to sleep ^_^ Dear Tomorrow Afternoon Please Come Quicker 
Well so much for the perfect weekend and week maybe another week i guess yeah im down about it but sh*t happens right . 
Dont know what to think just worried as hell . I just want to know if everything is okay :-( 
OH what oh WHAT is on my mind nothing i guess my mind is empty today so yeah 
Do you know what it's all about , Are you brave enough to figure out , Know that you could set your world on fire , If you are strong enough to leave your doubts , Feel it , Breathe it , Believe it and you'll be walking on air 
Somebody mixed my medicine , I don't know what I'm on , Somebody mixed my medicine , But baby it's all gone , Somebody mixed my medicine , Somebody's in my head again , Somebody mixed my medicine again 
So driving tonight , going to Phat Boyz so i can't wait 
Last Night , Was Fun And Amazing , < PROPFIRST > Boys I want to say thank you , I took my guitar up in there and a guy that plays guitar played for a while , i played turpentine , lets just say Im going to music and more and most possible doing a recording ^_^ <3<3<3 
in the summer of 69 ' there was Woodstock , the Manson murders , and today is the 41 anniversay of the 3-day riot of the Stonewall Inn . Just a little history for you today :-) 
Well It Was Packed , But Im Not Tired It really spoke to me , Love ? Can You Really Love More Then One Person ? Yes 
Another Crazy Night Here I Come Again 
If you were dead or still alive , I don't care , I don't care , \ 
Just and and leave this all behind , Cause i swear , i don't care 
Watching L Word Why did it have to end :-( 
Going to be busy as hell today , cleaning the whole house top to button . 
I can't sleep there is way too much going through my mind at this moment ugh :-( 
Poke\ 
me if you've ever had a crush on me . Like this if I'm a good friend . \ 
Message me if you've ever wanted to have a relationship with me . Comment\ 
if we have good memories . Now put this as your status if you're brave :) 
Well Camping In O Fun Fun Im Proud Of Myself Thou I Got The Biggest Tent We Have Up No Help From Anyone Moved The Table Closer To The Fire Setting Up The Screen Tent Today Thou So Text Me Cause After This Im Not going To Be On Till who knows when lol 
Find A Job In This Damn Town Sucks . Seriously Think About It You Have To Have Strong Connections With Someone To Get A Job Or Just Be Really Damn Lucky 
I feel like crap today , but im not going to let it get to me , atleast the temp isn't in the 100's yet . 
Its Going To Be Busy As Hell Tomorrow Im Ready For It , Im not going to bed until this house is spotless ill have to vaccumm in the morning thou , Ipod is set to go ^_^ <3 
Race Race Race * Stop * Looks Around \Now What Do I Do ?!?!?! aaaaaahhhhhh lmgdfao ? cell and then drive tonight WOOHOO :-P " 
been working i love it its better no computer time lol 
relaxing work tomorrow hot bath and just relax tonight . bed early tonight thou <3 
i really dont have time for the internet anymore sorry lol :-P 
Getting ready for work , i can't wait to start mornings next week , im excited lol ^_^ im not kidding either , everything is just back on track <3 
Hello again Facebook lol Well weekend off ^_^ 12 Day Countdown Then < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > are here cant wait to take them around the town . Got so many things i want to do ^_^ <3 
took 1st in the powerpuff bump n run . ^_^ i loved it 
Sometimes its the worst moments in life that really speak to us more , then the best moments . Looking at past experience where you've lost loved ones because of dumb choices you made . But out of it you will live no matter what life throws at you , You must be strong and survive . 
We don't know , so we wait for tomorrow . so we only go forward . there is more then blood that beats through my heart . my hands . my feet . between my tongue and my teeth . 
Have you ever tried sleeping with a broken heart , its the most horrible feeling , but as the day goes on things get worse , yet we push on hopen ' for the best to come , but in the end are we just wasting our time , it feels as if the love is gone . and your just a memory fading to grey . 
Yet another thing wrong woohoo come on just throw something else at me , Q : Who knows how to change a gas filter , willing to pay , message me with your phone number and the price , and ill call you , Please if you can do it tonight or tomorrow 
just been losing my mind . im not who i am . why do we fall in love then get our hearts ripped out of our chest where we're left to die with a brokenheart 
when we find out something that you've been living with and dealing with your life then finding out the truth , it takes your heart out . 
you think about life and the mysteries you unlock but the biggest mystery of them all is love . you find it but then sometimes love just isnt meant to be so we wait until the dien day . so remember we have the love of others surrounding us . 
Don't know where to start , Let me get to the good parts , Might wanna cross up your legs , I've got envy , I've got greed , anything that you need , And I'm not above having to beg All I need is someone to save me , Cause I am goin ' down , & what I need is someone to save me , Cause I am goin ' down , all the way down . 
You’re the one for me , And for her no more , Now you think she’s got it all , I got my kiki , There’s a lot of things , That I’d do to please you , Take you to the medico por el caminito , Cuz we’re gonna get some Mambo , Oh , what she do in the Laui ?, 
Hanging with Moe < PROPMALE > and Jeriqa Hill maybe < PROPFEMALE > McCormick who knows with us girl we might cause some trouble in this town muaaawwwaaahhahaha 
Im livin on what life has giving me , by this i know how to understand what i really have and really need . 
My Life has been on the right track . ive been asked to be in a band , i was on the radio 87.9 WTF is the station my live show will be played @ 1pm thrusday . Im finishing school . im missing all . thank you everyone for pushing me forward in my music . as soon as i get the web address for the station i will update you all 
i see your eyes the thoughts of her are gone . you laugh i smile . I turn to you your there . 
Why it hurt so much . Loving you just hurts . What i did the other nite i shouldn't of did that because now it just hurts like i've been broken to nothing im sorry 
ready for a night with the girls cant wait for the celebration to begin 
Happy Halloween :-D enjoy the day love you all 
just sitting with the girls having a good time letting all the bad memories 
Update . Well music is going very well . The band is bcomin more of a band im glad i took a week off from it I know alot of ppl just told me2giveup on my dreams do skool well guess wut i passed my math ged test Next week is readin Im still doin school&gettin mymusic out Im writtin more playin more LuvU all & thank u all who have pushed me Who i am i now know Imontheriteroad just waitin 4 luv thats all . 
so it takes a drink and a free mind to make me decide that my ex has until the 13th to prove that what we had or have is still possible thats final i thank my friends for the help . 
its sad my sister is leaving for 3 weeks i wish i could just jump in the bag and go with :-) 
So life starts to turn around but before you know it your in the shit hole again . WHY must things start to act up if i throw my hands up its not the end of the world its me saying i want a little space i need to breathe . I haven't been with my mind im losing it . I hope i am able to do this all ... 
enjoying thanksgiving with my girlfriend and close friends and family :-) HAPPY THANKSGIVING everyone love you all xoxo 
isn't funny when you fall for someone after you just got out of a horrible relationship but when someone that treats you so well makes you world :-) 
MISSING MY GIRL im horrible when my girls are away 5 days sis and my sleeping beauty i hope to have you back home soon 
Never Thought This Day Would Come When You Would Jump Back In To My Life and I would not want to think of the pain . Why Did You Do What You Did To Me ? Why Do You Bring Me Down & Not Notice It . Im Not Going To Let You Do It To Me Anymore . Im Freed From The Pain & Suffering 
down in detroit wait to go to the airport to get my sis :-) 
Will the days of dreaming finally come true . We'll never know only time will give us that answer . So sit back try just never give up until you succeed 
if i ever find who broke your heart baby if i do id spend all night losing sleep id spend the night and lose my mind 
Size 11-13 hell yes working on being a size 7-8 § going to succeed and work hard on it 
SO getting a new look lol ill be taking pic too before and after ones :-) 
Found my new theme song of my life WRONG BABY WRONG by < PROPFEMALE > McBride 
Baby your a FIREWORK show em what your worth . Boom boom even brighter then the < PROPFEMALE > . Cause baby your FIREWORK let your colors burn 
If its not like the movies then thats how it should . I know your out there . Looking for me . And your made perfectly for me . You'll see ... ;-( 
So done with the heart im staying silent for awhile it would be best to anyhow 
Why kiss the feet of the people that kick u When u can b anythin u want to so hey hey this song is 4 us so put ur hands in the air if ur crazy like us hey hey 
well belly button is done lol nose whats next :) but i will tell u all this i have somethin in store 4 sum1 i care alot about n im goin 2 show that 2 them . I hope they keep it lol :-P even if they say they wont thank you again 
Taking my little brother to lunch im hugging him like no other and i love my bro 
She only want me for my pimp juice not my pimp juice im talking her pimp juice i think i need to cut her lose 
Wanna b ur luver not ur f in mother cant b ur savior i dont have the power im not gonna n watch u circle the drain :-P 
YOU WERE HACKD I LOVE U SIS . 
i did a no bueno . Im so sorry and i hope you know that im sorry like no other i never wanted to hurt you its a nightmare what i've done to you . i hope you know your in my heart and always will be . please remember that please 
Will be at the Black Sheep Pub . Will be there at 8pm for open mic . See you there :-P 
Black Sheep was amazing place to play relaxing and laided back i would love to do it again maybe get a cd made and sell them when i play possibly 
The worst pain you can feel is the pain of a broken heart sitting next to you and you trying to stay strong fml 
Going to the movies i think it will help me alot just way too much on the mind lately now to get that mind of mine clear Right ? 
What a night hehehe :-P i needed to be in unbelieveable breath-taking mood 
Sumtimes u think wow sum1 hates me or an ex just dont care or any type of bullshit that could ruin a perfect day . Well a lil tip dont let them get to you just go on with life there is many hearts n souls to meet in this world so live it to the fullest 
I GOT A BABY I CUTE FUZZY BABY SO LOVELY AND EVERYTHING 
WTF IM A PISCES I'VE BEEN AN ARIES ALL MY DAMN LIFE DAMN EARTH . UGH THIS SUCKS BALLS 
Let this dream come true wish me luck at the try outs for Isoco Idol tonight 
Well everyone here is the news ... IM IN THE COMPETITION YAHOO !!! Now just got to start practing like no other they want atlantis ugh ironic :-P 
i feel like crap . Threw up only a total of 4 times but i can hardly walk cause my legs hurt like hell along with alot of my body fever has gone down so that is good but tired as all hell :-( 
Just saying this to get it out WHY THE FUCK CAN'T THERE BE PEACE LOVE MUSIC IN THIS GOD DAMN WORLD SERIOUSLY . WHERE IS THE LOVE ? people hate so much in this world we have today i say just keep walking and live the life you have with someone you love 
I need < PROPFIRST > i dropped my phone doing dishes and yeah so message me\\n*Live . Love . * 
For Everyone That Is A L Word Fan Totally Like My Status :-P <3 Remember Today is International Day of Acceptance in support of those w/ disabilities 
Im lookin 4 the critics cuz their everywhere but really who do u think u are Bring me down 2 my knees Wuts behind my blue eyes i no1person will no wut U all really culdcare less if luv is in my eyes w/sum1 that i once luved n now still 2 this day All i wish i culd do is mute em out but its2 late it hit mewhen it will stop i dont no probably not until my dien day 
Can't Wait Until My Girl Is Here <3 
Got a science test today wish me luck :) \\n*Live . Love * 
Listening to Escape The Fate and driving back from Harrisville . I can find the word to tell you :-P which song is this from its from an older album\\n*Live . Love * 
Never let them break you never let them cause the pain of death . Just stay strong holding your soul close to you as you walk the darken road . You'll see ... 
I have falling in love with the band Sick of < PROPFEMALE > :-P sorry < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > but an all Punk Rock Chick Band is way better then a song about bush Lmao 
Why do people like to piss me off in so many ways 
Hello facebook my sister Danni was just hacked i love you :) 
Laugh if you must but i am going to go a whole month not eating any meats 
Damn i'd be looking hot today :-P dont worry ill put some pics up § 
Easy come easy go . I tossed it in the trash so ill just do it like a brother do it like a dude . Grab my crotch wear my hat low like you . So i'm not perfect ... 
i might be bad but im perfectly good at it , sex in the air i love the smell of it , sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me :-P 
Anyone Wanna Start an All Girl Band ??? Im being dead serious about this . hit me up if your interest maybe we can get something going 
I dont have a cell phone right now so if you need to get a hold of me contact me on facebook i love you all and i apologize for if you have been trying to get a hold of me thank you 
Okay competition is next weekend 21+ only expect singers and practice tonight trying to figure out to go i feel i need to majorly my nerves are up and i just wanna cry to let it go . I need to know who is coming with i got to RSVP soon . please message me 
Got a sinus infection from hell but going to get better i know it 
HEY everyone looking for some new < PROPMALE > to put up in your house . WELL take a look at my tagged photos from < PROPFEMALE > . you like something get hold of one of us :) 
hey anyone need a tattoo gun :) 
well guess what ... I MADE IT TO ROUND TWO !!! HELL YES :-P ;-) 
I never thought i could be so happy to the point of tears . My cousin < PROPMALE > just found me on myyearbook . I haven't talk to him in a little over 2yrs . <3 I've missed the little stink butt lol 
half way to harrisville then back to the house then home running on 3hrs of sleep from the past two days ugh 
anyone else wanna make my day ... with my mom xoxo spilling our hearts out we need to specially me . Love Is A Battlefield Yes We are strong but sometimes you just need to spill and find out what the heart truely needs 
On my way to the 3rd round of Iosco Idol . COUNTRY WEEK YYYYEEEEEHHHHAAAAWWW :-P 
Going on to sound 4 this week classic rock WE'RE GONNA ROCK THE HOUSE DOWN lol come see me at ausable inn friday 9pm . 21+ PLEASE 
Hey everyone long time no see , how is everyone doing ? Well update here planning on getting a duet band together and that i plan to get going by next month miss you all xoxo Love you all 
You win there is nothing more or less to say . 
I have just decided bc im thinkin like blah . Im goin2tone my body2the make and be a model i want2hear feedback . Wut do u think =) 
anyone want to get ahold of me message me on here i shut my phone off today is just a living hell im happy then shot down happy broken this rollarcoaster of life im shutting it down and no this is not me saying i give up on life this me saying im taking a break from it </3 
Whenunouranut4tannin DANNIWETAN @1015 look @clock1011 jumpupthrowshoesonhungover&jumpinthecar & drivewippinthemakeup off lmao <3 yamom :P 
Watching the L Word with court court on a big screen tv . Taken in mind that Alpena aint ready for it :P 
Walkin thru walmart smelly smelly good stuff * SPLAT * up the nose court and me bust out laughing \i smell excite\ " lmgdao " 
Good luck to the last Iosco Idol contestants § sorry i wont be able to make it tonight . 
