going swimming 

Im so hottt ! 
Im dying my hair :) 
whoo hoo ! Mexico WON ! Sorry USA , I still love u 
i think i pulled a muscle , how do i fix that ? 
Going out with my BF Mely today :) 
Conference was great ! Im so glad I went 
getting ready to go to the gym ... 
not excited about staying up all night :( 
I love my new Coach bag :) 
I love summer nights in San < PROPMALE > ! 
Excited to start studying for the GRE ... study partners < PROPFIRST > ? 
Going to go see < PROPFEMALE>'s Body ... I heard its good ! 
If I cant get to sleep soon , Im gonna have to resort to drugs 
Im feeling sick , this sucks 
Just waiting in the hospital for < PROPFIRST > to come out of surgery , not bored thanks to the internet :) 
One of my clients woke up saying he felt an earthquake , I tought he was lying but seeing all the new posts on it I guess I was wrong , haha 
Relaxing at the beach , it's finally < PROPFEMALE > 
I think I'm addicted to yoga ... so relaxing ! 
left my tapas at cafe sevilla to go to work , and I was still late , ugh 
Im over at my brother's place , where are my babies ? Sleeping , ugh 
I need some shopping therapy 
Eww , I just drank some bad milk . I hope I don't get sick :/ 
off to my zumba class :) 
almost time for dragonboat !! 
We lost in our dragonboat race to the sd sheriff dept by less than 1 second ! So much fun , we did great ! 
I just found out I have a high threshold for pain 
So good to be home :) 
I'm having scary dreams , don't wanna sleep alone in my house :( 
why doesn't anyone want to go to TJ with me ? Really , it's not that bad . Haha 
I really want to go buy a Mexico soccer jersey , I hope they're not too expensive :) 
watching < PROPFEMALE > perform at the Fifa World Cup kick-off concert , she's so freaking cute ! 
who woke up early for the world cup ?!!! Go Mexico !!! 
can someone explain to me why people on here are rooting for England ? Unless you're from England , why wouldn't you want your own country to win ? I don't get it ! 
Went Skydiving with < PROPFEMALE > today , < PROPFEMALE > amazing ! If anyone ever wants to go , lemme know , I'll definitely go again !!! 
Vamos Mexico , Si se puede !!!! 
Gooooool Mexicooooooo !!!!!!!! 
burrito before my yoga class , ugh ! What was I thinking ? 
goooool USA , finally !!!!!! 
good game USA ... but I'm so sad now :( 
why is it so cold in the middle of july ? I want sun ! 
For some reason I think getting a pedicure will just make everything better , lol 
Loving the Beatles rockband my sis just got !! 
I need help ! I don't know what to write in my autobiographical essay :/ 
I'm so excited that tonight will be my last overnight shift , finally some normalcy in my life !!! :) 
Leaving for Mexico City and Acapulco today yayyy !!! Anyway if anyone needs to contact me in the next 10 days , I'll be checking my email and fb regularly :) 
I had an awesome vacation in Mexico , so good to be home though 
shouldn't take 4 hours to get to San < PROPMALE > from LA , hate this traffic !!! And now I'm late for work :( 
Orientation today then classes on Monday , sooo happy to start school again !!!! 
Too much hw has ruined my plans for a fun labor day at Disneyland ... I guess it's ok I've already had an awesome weekend :) 
apparently there was a party at my house last night , haha , time to clean up 
Sooo nice to have internet at home ... not just the one on my phone , haha 
This heat is making me irritable :/ 
I like it on the nightstand 
Love my counseling class , very therapeutic ..... Jacuzzi anyone ? 
Waiting in < PROPFEMALE>'s concert line !!!! Anyone else here ? 
Wearing my purple :) 
Perfect beach day 
off to run for the boobies !!! 
At the Happiest Place on Earth :) 
Cant wait for this semester to be over ... 
Why is everyone being extraordinarily nice to me today ?? I'm confused 
where to study tonight ????? 
Off to celebrate the end of the term !! 
Is horrible at directions and in life 
I need a new laptop !! Please share any good deals you know of :) 
Watching Step Up .... looove this movie but its distracting me from my hw !!! 
Big Bear reservations made ... Sooo excited !! 
I'm moving out !!! suggestions ? 
date night <3 
I need to stop talking to my dog , I probably sound crazy ! 
this is going to be a loooong night ! 
Loving life <3 
