FACEBOOK IS STUPID . seriouslyyy . 

farmtown . hahahaa 
i don't feel gooood . 
cooked cabbage is gooood . mmm 
i can't sleep . Why the efff am i still playing Farm Town ? 
what's so freakin cool about the races ?! seriously ... 
i WISH . no , im stuck here at ncsc for the year , but if everything goes as planned , ill be in Akron next year . Not how i wanted to do things , but heyy not everyone gets a scholarship . :/ 
goinn to look at a car tomorroww :) 
im so tired .. 
watching wife swap , these are some crazyyy hoes . 
just sold my car , need a newwww one . 
i wannnaa new cobalt , yo . (: 
i wish it was fall already . i hate summer 
thinking about everything .. 
its freakin hottttt out . 
fml 
got my neww phone . (: 
mmm buffalo chicken pizza :) 
i neeeeed starbucks . 
everyone seems to be going to the Journey concert . im kindaaa jealous . Too bad i have to work TWICE today . 
ooooooo im so mad 
seems like im the only one who isn't starting college yet . :/ 
workworkwork , its all i do , and i STILL need a third job ?! 
uhm , i STILL need a freakin ' car . 
is it just me , or do i just see some people's profile pictures and wanna punch them in the face ? 
:/ 
yyeeeaaahhhhh < PROPFEMALE > , i like you . Really . 
this . is . boring . 
just finished a reaaallly good book . :) 
foootball game . 
im pretty much done with this . 
welll that was freakin ... awesome ? 
work 10-6 
sittin ' in english ... buhhh . 
sooo , our sociology teacher never showed up . We all signed our names on the board & peaced out ... 
first homework assignment ; finished . dang , i didnt expect to be doing so well ! HHAHAA 
watching scary movie :) 
lets just say english isnt my favorite class .. 
taco < PROPFEMALE > 
work 930-6 . Still have homework to do , UGH . 
you should just quit being stupid . 
things may come to those who wait , but only the things left by those who hustle . 
this painting will be the best yet . 
grandma's boy is on ,, yeeahhh :) 
english essays makes me wanna jump off a < PROPMALE > . 
guess who procrastinated all weekend about doing their homework ? 
what's more important , homework or sleep ? 
watching south park . hahahhaaa 
im ready for thanksgiving break , and mcdonalds has 25 cent chicken nuggets ... :) 
work .. * dislike * 
i need some new songs to listen to . 
in desperate need of medication . 
listening to 90's music . 
I can't wait to go to < PROPFEMALE > :) 
watching Role Models :) 
DJ Hero is gay , and so are Best Buy Creepers . 
likeeeeeee whyyy do peoplee allllllwayss put excessiveee amountsss of lettterrrssss ?!? Somebodyyyy pleasee inform meeeee . 
hello anestheisology degree , with annual 200K :) 
three more weeks , and NO MORE ESSAYS . i couldn't be happier . 
twilight is gay . 
im so glad i can't trust anyone . 
Of course it's all my fault ... haha . 
i learn something new about myself everyday . 
i hate thanksgiving . 
i like how you're a slut . hahaha 
who says i can't get stoned . 
about to do some homework that was due last tuesday . 
You know what i hate ? When people shove religion down your throat , then say they're accepting of all people . Whattt a bunch of hypocrites . 
STEELERS ! 
wow i'm so glad i realize at the last minute i have another paper to write .. 
about to take my english final . :/ 
trading spouses is getting pretty hardcore ... haha . 
< PROPFEMALE > Montag , EWW . 
i'm so mixed up , i don't even know what day it is apparently . Set my alarm for thursday and now i'm late for class . AWESOME ... English Final at 3 , and i'm donee ! :) 
work tonight . same old routine . 
Show tonight . NOT at wired with all the 14 year old scene kids . ahaha 
FYE presentation tomorrow :( 
it isn't about me . it's about waiting for someone you know won't come back . the time spent , and the people you meet in the waiting room . 
four more days . 
what are some good christmas songs ? \you're asking for trouble with a question like that ... \"" 
maybe you should set me up with you . 
you know what's awesome ? the take home final i got for my psych class ... :) 
i hate when people use more sarcasm than i do , it's almost impossible but some manage to succeed . 
Hey < PROPMALE > , steelers are gonna win . 
why are people getting twilight tattoos ?!?!!?! worst . idea . ever . 
you know what's funny ? the car with all the cats on it that i always see driving around is on peopleofwalmart.com hahha 
outrun the gun show in Canton with Bethani Claxon , < PROPFIRST > Moore and < PROPFIRST > Corns :) 
i just slept for 18 hours 
so , my birthday is tuesday . is it bad that i don't care ? 
rhianna is annoying . so are stupid sorority life requests i get EVERYDAY . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s sounds pretty good . 
tomorrow is my birthday .. 
why is everyone changing their pictures to POKEMON !?!? 
birthday so far , crap . this is why i always have low expectations .. haha 
band concert , then out with < PROPFEMALE > . 
don't ask me to trust anyone ever again . i've had the best birthday ever . I'm so happy my life was just stolen . yes , my life .. 
thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday yesterday . 
work is my least favorite place at this point . 
peer pressure . actually , i like pokemon . SHUT UP . 
partyyyin ' with bethani , < PROPFIRST > and stew . 
funny how even in a crowded room , i feel like nobody is there . 
home from work .. 
NOT in a good mood . 
haven't slept in two days . 
Man , I just love < PROPFEMALE > spears :) 
ashland . 
< PROPFEMALE > town later 
i have the best boyfriend in the worldddd (; 
i really hate when people send me stupid forwards that aren't funny . 
three classes this quarter . m/w 3-450 and 5:30 - 6:50 . and an online class :) 
why are you so sweaty ? - \i was watching cops . \"" 
you know what i like ? having class two days a week . 
i just had the weirdest dream ... but if it happened in real life , i'd be content . 
why are all the hott ones gay ? 
i think i've watched grease on t.v. like 3 times today .. 
i like \liking\ " things . " 
phone's dead and i don't feel like finding the charger , so don't waste your time texting me . also , any app ideass for my ipod ? i NEED MORE ! :) 
at Bethani's with four screaming boys .. 
watching < PROPMALE > Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban on tv :) 
i should probably be doing my homework right about now . 
is anyone taking humanities 110 ? 
hmmm , work until 6am doesnt sound too appealing . 
i hate when people walk through the house with snowy shoes on , i step in it and my socks get all wet :( 
i listened to Outrun the gun for like 4 hours straight at work last night . haha :) 
i love making fun of people on American Idol ahahhaha 
my Oh the humanity CD is stuck in my car stereo . So i've been listening to the same 5 songs for two days ,, UGHHHHH . 
PANTS ON THE GROUND , PANTS ON THE GROUND . YOUR LOOKING LIKE A FOOL WITH YO PANTS ON THE GROUND . 
i've been addicted to zoo world for about two hours now ... which is when i started . haha 
i really can't wait to move to Akron and start over :) 
these old pictures are bringing back memories . 
lookin ' like a fool with your pants on the ground . 
STOP ROFLING AT ME YOU IDIOT , NO ONE ROFLS IN REAL LIFE ! 
about to dye my hair with bethani and her mommaa . 
so many concerts , so little time .. 
hey , the buried life is on soon :) 
glitter is the herpes of arts and crafts , it's gonna stay with you forever . 
i wanna cut my hair . 
i need something to do this weekend . 
i need some new music , any good suggestions ? i like everything but country-gayy . 
the worst has yet to come . 
why does humanities require we spend all our free time doing homework ? 
sooooo sick , not going to class . 
WHAT is going on , on American Idol ? wtff . 
can't wait to leave . 
hmmm , i should probably clean my room . 
59 cent Polar Pop , that's what's up . 
tomorrow's gonna be sweeeet :) 
had an interesting dream last night ,, it's about to be a good day . 
movie night ;) 
ohh , the bleeding hurts so good . It reminds me now , that I am alive . Ohh I think i've gone too far . There's no stopping it now , my god what have I done ? 
is NOT watching the Bachelor . 
you'll never know what these hands can do with the right motivation . 
I've got a feelin ' bout this one , and we're still young ya know . 
wife swap makes me SO MAD . 
bears . beets . battlestar galactica . 
i need new apps for my ipod . suggestions ? 
I don't think i'm meant to have relationships . I'm a dominant person and don't let people control me . Apparently guys want to be better than me and think they have control . Well , it's not happening ... Whatever happened to compromise ? 
hahaha , Swagger Crew ? how original ... 
i become a fan of WAYYYYYYY too much stuff . 
IM NOT GOING TO GIVE YOU MY PHONE NUMBER JUST BECAUSE YOU ASK FOR IT ! DANGGGGG . 
fun night ;) 
hmmm , what to do tomorrow ... 
i can't see anything , i need new glasses . 
I wonder if im still good with < PROPMALE > . Let's find out ... 
summer days just sittin ' around , but when the sun goes down , i'll be ready to party . oh heyy , ain't nothin ' like them summer nights ;) 
the whitest kids u know .. is the BEST show ever . 
im glad i slept for like a whole 3 hours . 
He's the kind of douche who ;s totally rude , the guy who won't go away . Tribal tattoo oh yeah , spray on the tan oh yeah . He'll hit on you and all your friends too , that shirt is gonna get him laid . Yeaaah ahah < PROPMALE > Hardy in the USA . 
watching I hope they serve beer in hell :) 
I wait for Sunday to come around , just for the secrets . 
watching the soup . 
i need to find something else to do . 
i'm glad i suggested taco pizza for humanities class today :) 
i don't really feel like working tonight , or ever . 
classss 3-7 . Work 10-6 . I'm tired . 
can't wait for summer , i have alot of plans ... 
not tired . 
i don't look like a celebrity ... 
Feb 9 -> despised icon , winds of plague , for today and some other bands at Peabodys ;) 
welllll , guess i'm not going anywhere ... :/ 
what a bunch of little girls , GO DRIVE IN THE SNOW ! 
i'm over the celebrity thing . 
showssssss gonna be awesome ;) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Museum ... 
funny how being a \teen mom\ " is pretty much a stereotype now . haha " 
i REALLY can't wit to get my money back so i can go shopping . It's been so long . 
there needs to be a therapy group called \i become a fan of everything anonymous \"" 
why the freak are superintendents getting paid $70 an hour ?! 
im so glad i have class today .... 
working tonight , ohhh greattt :/ i never get any sleep . 
you should probably go change , cause jealousy isn't really your color . 
no , i don't care about valentines day .. 
making new cd's ... man i wish i had a lifee .. 
why can't i stop listening to lil < PROPMALE > .. 
uhhhhhhhhhhhh i feel so sick :( 
STARTING 2 HOURS OF SUPER < PROPFIRST > BROS ;) 
she's on fire ;) 
So im making a cd for bethani and I , and it's gotta be all sweet 90's songs . Any suggestions ? :) 
another year , another shitty valentines day .. ;) 
i'm having the best day ever ... not . 
that's the worst feeling in the world .. 
work tonight , i'm still sick . awesome . 
yeeeah , gooooo USA curlinggggg . 
i don't give a shiiiitttttt ;) 
FUCK YOUUU JAPAN !!!!!!! 
Honestly , i'm not here to make people happy . I don't give a fuck , i'll say what i want . You don't like it ? Not my problem . 
damn you facebook , causing all these cheaters and divorces ! 
starting that museum report that was due monday ... 
starbucks vanilla frappuccino and spicy pretzels do not go together . 
oh my god , south park is so funny right nowwwwwwwww . aha 
There is something i see in you . It might kill me , but i want it to be true . 
People get married because they need a witness to their lives . You could go your whole life doing great things , but it means nothing if you don't have a witness . 
Dear scene kid , you are not cool . That is all . 
i love those really immature people who are too naive to understand sarcasm . 
< PROPMALE > tonight ;) 
going to columbusssss for a much needed night out ;) come < PROPFEMALE > with us . 
i guess everyone has a shitty best friend . 
gotttttaa find something to do tonight . 
Partyyy in < PROPMALE > . ;) 
it's about to be a great weekend :) 
you know what would be awesome ? If Friday never happened ... 
Forgive sounds good . Forget , i'm not sure i could . 
i'd like to think that over the years i've changed , maybe for the better . But in all reality , I haven't ... what does that say about my future . 
You're not the same , you've changed . I don't need you anyway . You're not the person that i believed in yesterday . 
i've got all the right moves in all the right places ;) 
boys can't take a hint , everybody knows that . 
why am i constantly exhausted . 
You know what makes me mad ... when people don't have profile pictures and it's just that stupid generic facebook person . 
i'm a song away on your stereo , so just get in your car and drive . 
i don't know , i have nothing to say .. 
i almosst just ate the salt packet in my < PROPFEMALE>'s fries ....... 
i need a motivator , more than anything . 
i'll make you regret treating me like that , and you'll never see it coming . 
and when it rains , on this side of town it touches everything . 
going to get my tragus pierced with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Had a greattt time with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Pfeiffer , < PROPFEMALE > Smith and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > :) 
My life just keeps getting better and better . 
i think i'll go to Boston , where no one knows my name . 
i don't remember you lookin any better , but then again i don't remember you . 
money is happiness . 
you know what i like ? when i DONT have a shit ton of homework ... 
i haven't done this in forever , and i kind of like it . 
watching The Hangover ... again . 
time to leave ..... 
when do i make time to sleep ? 
don't know what to tell you .. 
just a few last hours , we gotta make this count . 
on to the next one .. 
at every occasion ill be ready for a funeral . 
BRYSON YOUR EX GIRLFRIEND IS UGLY ! JUST STFU AND DATE < PROPFEMALE > ! 
i wish someone would buy me the postsecret books . Or just the newest one would be absolutely perfect . 
so , < PROPFIRST > pattinson is on the daily show right now . why do i not care ? hahahaa 
there's always something more you wish he'd say . 
haven't slept since yesterday . wont sleep until thursday morning . great . 
this should be interesting ... 
i finally get to sleep , and it's only been 48 hours .. 
just woke up from a 14 hour nap , 
Watching Grandmas Boy ...... 
i got my days and nights mixed up . 
on hour of sleep is good .,.. right ? 
It's warmmmmmmmm outside ! :) i'm excited to drive with my windows down haha . 
DQ isn't as appealing as it used to be ... 
i really want a new car . i'm tired of this ....... 
watching beerfest :) 
i have wayyyyy too much to do today 
so . much . homework . :( 
starting a diet tomorrow . 
guys don't appreciate girls who appreciate them . 
she's just like him . spoiled rotten , confused by the lies she's been fed . 
i'm all alone and i need you now . 
now i'm guilt stricken , sobbing , with my head on the floor . 
tonight will be the night that i will fall for you , over again . dont make me change my mind . 
never let someone be your everything , when to them you're only an option . 
i don't think that you know what you've been missin 
this is just a dream . 
done . 
mmmmm subway sounds pretty good right about now . 
shit happens ... 
we fell through the ice when we tried not to slip . 
they got nothin ' on you baby . 
i think i am going to fail college . 
Wouldn't it be nice if you could just get in the car and drive as far as your gas will take you ? Make a playlist for the occasion and set it on replay . Songs remind you of that one time back when , and you're living the moment over and over in your head . Windows down , throw the cd out the window . With your other half , making new memories for the playlist you'll decide to make tomorrow .. 
just one touch and i'd be in . too deep now to ever swim against the current , so let me slip away . Let me slip , against the current . 
how do you know when starting over seems like the best option , or the only option ? 
we were both eighteen and it felt so right , sleepin all day stayin up all night . 
i like when people call me a stupid bitch , when they have zeroooo room to talk ;) 
i never should have gotten a facebook , i'm going to fail school and possibly life . 
doctor appt :( 
back to schooool . 
working out ? 
one day you'll get sick of saying everything's alright . 
i know i'm good for something , i just haven't found it yet . 
i should probably wash/clean out my car before it goes back to freezing outside . 
who knew such a nice day wouldn't be so nice after all . 
off for some much needed starbucks 
just say you're not into it . 
these words were never easier for you to say , for me to second guess . 
is it weird that i like watching the \local on the 8's ? \ " hahaha " 
two papers down , one to go . humanities final at 530 and im freeeeeeeeeeeee ;) 
save your heart for someone that's worth dying for , don't give it away :) 
acedddd that final . i've never been so excited for spring break in my life , and i'm not even going anywhere . 
starbucks with < PROPFEMALE > Simpson and < PROPFEMALE > , gettin ' pizza , then workk :/ ughh thanks kohls , for ruining my st. patricks day .. 
today will be a good day , now it's time for me to go to bed .. 
Spring Break feels greattttttt . Now down to some business ... ;) 
You sit there it your heartache , waitin ' on some beautiful boy to save you from your old ways . You play forgiveness . Watch it now , here he comes . He doesn't look a thing like jesus but he talks like a gentleman . Like you imagined when you were young . 
car shopping with < PROPFEMALE > Marcum 
i'm so addicted to all the things you do . 
i hate waking up early , now i'm tired . 9:15 on a friday ? wayyy to go :( 
some days i just wanna delete my facebook account . 
you'll be sorry to hear your without me now . 
I've got alot to say to you , yeah i've got alot to say . I noticed you're eyes are always glued to me , keeping me here and it makes no sense at all . 
seems like the only time anything is going on is the the time i have to work . 
i definitely just watched snow white on the disney channel ... 
i wonder why it is i won't let my guard down for anyone but you . 
going to see She's out of your league with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > Windsor :) 
you can't feel anything that your heart don't want to feel . I can't tell you something that ain't real . 
work at 6am . awesome ..... 
work 6-1130 ..... sleep . 
i'm so glad i've done nothing productive on break so far .. 
i'm just not in the mood for anything right now . 
i can't even convince myself , when i speak it's the voice of someone else . 
would you ever kill out of mercy 
i feel like going to see a movie . 
going to work out againnnn . 
snowsnowsnow i hate you . but i do like having an extra reason to go work out .. 
ughhh why do i get tired so early ? i feel like a 5 year old .. or a 75 year old . 
oh how the tables have turned ;) 
i've decided i don't feel bad for you at all .. 
who wants to go see Hot tub time machine with ussss ? :) 
going to the movies , without you . 
movie was greaaaaaaaaaaaaaattttttt :) 
so i figured once i was on spring break and away from school all the stress would go away . It's been a week and if anything , it's worse ... hhahaa 
if i was a good person , i'd say I wish the best for you , but we both know i'm not . 
the worst part is , there's no one else to blame . 
here's to goodbye , 
workin ' out , then shoppinggg :) 
not so happy to go back to school tomorrow ...... 
at every occasion i'll be ready for a funeral . 
watching < PROPMALE > Swardson , yesssss :) 
giving myself to you is like giving myself to a chainsaw . You keep cutting me open , it's all you're good for . hahahah 
workin out . class later . 
class at 5 , then working out . 
going to see remember me laterrr with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > :) 
don't ask me , unless you can handle the truth . 
class until 8 . work at ten . 
i'm tired of working . i'm tired of school . i'm tired of everything . 
this is nothing new , i've been here many times before . 
nobody ever wants to do anything ........ 
i don't feel bad at all for what i did ...... not . at . all . 
work until eleven , then come see me at Park Ave ;) 
watching people at Park Ave gets more and more amusing every night ... 
easter doesn't excite me at all . 
i always feel so sick ... 
but i do know one thing though , bitches they come they go . 
OMG I HEAR THE ICE CREAM TRUCK ! 
haaaaa , i don't need that shit ;) 
We've tried to wash our hands of all of this . We never talk of our lack in relationships And how we're guilt stricken sobbing with our heads on the floor . We fell through the ice when we tried not to slip 
i miss you , and it kills me that now you know why ... 
slow down girl , you're not going anywhere . 
i've got alot on my mind , and alot to get done . Too bad i don't the time for either . 
i'm pretty sick of people treating me with disrespect . just because i'm a girl doesn't make it okay , so fuck you . 
sometimes you just have to tell the truth , because it's all you have left to hold on to . 
Going to see dear < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFEMALE > . 
always expect the unexpected ..... 
i'm on the fast track for failure ;) 
im never watching dear < PROPFIRST > again . 
UHMMMMMMM LETS GO TO CHIPOTLE . 
tornado weeeeeeeek . haha why do i love the weather channel ? 
i got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes . Hate in my heart , and love in my mind . I see nights full of pain , days of the same . You keep the sunshine , save me the rain . 
i feel sooooo sick . again . imagine that . 
i can't do this alone , 
5 more hours , and it's the weekend :) 
whoooo wants to see the last song with me and < PROPFEMALE > at 1020 ? :) 
movies movies movies , its all i do . Lets go . 
MOVIESSSSSSSSSS 
i'm gonna pass out at any second ... not even from exhaustion . 
this weather depresses me .. 
so only three colleges in ohio give degrees for my < PROPMALE > i've decided on . haha . i guess OSU is where i'll have to settle on . 
i'm debating as to whether or not it's too cold for park ave tonight ... 
i wanna buy stuff ... lots of stuff . Spend all of my money :) 
i'm in need for some american eagle apparel :) 
watching date night :) 
come to dennys 
wellll i'm definitely not staying in this house while my mom's all pissy . i better find something to do real quick or there's gonna be a fight .... 
today is going to be a piece of shit , i can see it already . 
about to go to the mall . why ? i have no idea .. 
what are we doing tonight ? 
I HATE WHEN BABIES ARE CRYING AND WONT STOP IT 
house of bluesss next friday ;) 
i need some new friends . you know , the legit kind . not the kind who only talk to you when they need something . 
I . AM . SO . MAD . 
Sitting at kellys watching people golf . 
Now i don't understand what happened to our love . But baby when I get you back , i'm gonna show you what i'm made of ;) 
i don't know why i continue to do the same thing , but i should just probably stop talking to blonde haired , blue eyed guys . ahahaha sorry , you're not healthy for me . 
goodbye . i'll miss you . 
class at 5 , whattt to do after ? working out sounds like a good option . 
it's the same old trip , the same old trip as before .. 
interview tomorrow at a potential second job . greaaaaaaatt :) 
busy busy busy weeek/end . 
I guess I'll just read my English crap for four hours and then go to work ... No point in sleeping now . 
why yes , i AM up this early to go to work ............ 
i have nothing to say to anyone , anymore . 
just took the best nap ever , and now ramen noodles sound reaaaaallly good . 
i know that you're gonna have it your way or nothin ' at all , but i think you're movin ' too fast . 
and so my comfort zone is where i'll stay . 
i wish i had something better to do . haha 
interview at 4 , class at 5 , workout at 7 , tanning at 9 . niceeee 
i'm pretty sure i just heard a gunshot outside my house ....... 
one more day and it's the weekend . it's gonna be a good one ;) 
i just sat in the sun for an hour reading my english homework . now i can't read see the computer screen . i'm going blind . 
it's entirely too nice out to be going to class . i might just skip english .. 
movies with < PROPFEMALE > Klupp 
amazing weekend starts : now :) 
so much stuff to do today and i can't get myself motivated to do any of it ... 
the weather ruins everything . 
whats everyone doing tonighttttttttt !?! 
hmmmmm .. < PROPMALE > ? or Akron ? DECISIONS . 
Akron it is . Sumnerfesttttttt with < PROPFEMALE > Klupp , < PROPMALE > Hetsler and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
welll i guess Akron isnt happening . i need plans . 
nobodys on here , theres nothing to do , everyones busy ...... UGH . 
rol ; rffffffff 
greatttttttt night , thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Klupp , and < PROPFEMALE > Radomski :) 
shopping with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Pfeiffer 
ughhhhh i want to be in Akron . 
i don't know what to do with myself , i guess i'll just go to bed . haha 
i'm still feelin ' it ;) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s baby shower with < PROPFIRST > Pfeiffer 
you know im really getting tired of people stealing shit out of our cars . fuck mansfield . i cant wait to move . 
ohhh sleeeeeeeping sounds so good :) 
this third shift thing doesnt work for me anymore .. 
aren't you a little old for this shit ? ahaha 
finally get to go to bed . ugh 
< PROPFEMALE > , i wanna see Kick Ass ... but i heard it was just \okay \"" 
i made my decision . im definitely going to see kick ass later . who wants to goooo ? :) 
i got a one track mind , if it ain't about money then you're wastin ' my time . 
uhhh ... why cant we become a fan of anything anymore ? we can only \like\ " it ? " 
there really is nothing to do right now . whyyyy is this always my dilemna ? 
do you know what it feels like loving someone that's in a rush to throw you away 
Chipotle . thats where ill be . then at the movies watching kickass . thats where ill be after that ahahaha . all with < PROPFEMALE > Klupp 
mmmm no ceilings ;) 
i seriously am not gonna sleep for another day , at least . i have to work at 6am and i cant go to bed now , not after that shit . ahahha 
i dont have the energy to go to class , but i have to . i dont care if im wearing sweatpants . ahhaha 
why why why why whyyyy was i stupid enough to take ANOTHER one of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s classes ?!?!?!..... ffkjvbkscjvbkj 
I really hate math , but that class is freakinnn amazing . hahahaa 
you know what , today was a good day . and i needed a good day . so thanks . haha 
don't you know that you're toxic 
what a fucking horrible day already . i just hate everyone .. 
probably just not gonna go to english tomorrow ... 
so i guess we all like it rough then ,,,, 
just spent an hour in < PROPFIRST > , for the second time in my life ... haha 
i want to forget every single thing about you , like you don't exist . Because it's too hard to pretend i forget . 
get the fuck over it .. 
the thong song is seriously on fuse right now ....... hhahaha 
im at < PROPFIRST > janes grave lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Briggs and i are gonna go HUNTIN ' FOR DEERS and make a BONFIRE and drink some BEERS . lolol 
going to ashland . oh yay . 
i could really use a wish right now 
Wow thanks < PROPFIRST > . 
another great weekend ? two in a row ? aaahhhh shit ;) 
moviessss with < PROPFEMALE > Kunz :) 
andddd it keeps gettin ' better ;) 
sooo i'm still undecided about that tattoo ... 
this week is going to be hell , im ready for friday . 
i ain't < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , but i can get it onnnnn . ahaha 
< PROPFEMALE > montag is disgusting . i don't care what anyone says . 
i feel like i have senioritis all over again . 
it's times like these that make me < PROPFEMALE > happy to be single :) 
everyday i am more convinced that college is a waste of money and time . 
im pretty sure the gym is my second home . 
yeah , you could say i'm pretty excited ;) 
whores , whores , everywhere ! 
my life plans change every single day . i obviously have no idea what i want .. 
i'm soooo sick and tired of english . i hope the classroom blows up , with all of his lesson plans .. 
im seriously so mad right now i just want to cry . 
gonnaaa see nightmare on elm st. with < PROPFEMALE > Klupp :) GET PUMPED . hahaha 
hey < PROPFEMALE > Klupp , i saw < PROPMALE > the whole way home . i told you i was tired and was seein shit ... and i basically almost ran my car off the road ahahaha . thats the last time i go two days without sleep , then see a movie about being afraid to go to sleep . this is horrible . :( 
this could be a potentially greatttt day . we'll see how that goes ... 
i dont know how i feel about tonight ... 
i miss going to prom ,.. basically the only thing i miss about high school . 
i'd rather do nothing with you , than do everything with someone else . 
wellllllllllll there's nothing to do . somebody give me something to do . 
i'm so glad that every time i eat something i end up sick . it's like i'm constantly getting food poinsoning ahahha 
hmmmm another legit weekend ? i think so . im on to somethinn ;) 
i think i'm gonna start treating everyone like they treat me . 
what you doinnn ? nothin , chillin at the holidae innnnnnnnnnn . 
what went wrong can be forgiven , without you it ain't worth livin ' alone . 
you know what would be really cool ? If i could take all the boys who did me wrong , put them in a hole and blow that shit up . it would make my day . 
As much as i'm always speaking my mind , i wish i could tell people the real truth sometimes .. 
even the $600 i just received couldn't possibly make my day better .. 
if i had your little black book , i'd fuck up your world ;) 
waited three months to see iron man 2 , and i can't even go tonight . awesome . 
going to see Iron man 2 with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Kunz and < PROPMALE > Hetsler . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > jameson is in town ;) 
this will most likely be a shitty day .. 
interviewwwwww . maybe i can make some decent money with two jobs .. 
i gave my mom her mother's day present early . i'm impatient and can't ever wait for anything . 
all this road construction shit is pissing me off . 
being nice to people really gets you nowhere . 
it might take me more than two years , but i'll find you .. 
i've been settling for less than what i deserve .., and that's what seems to be my problem . 
seriously , white eyeshadow is never a good idea .. 
Today's not a good day for English , or anything for that matter ... 
i wish that tornado would have been legit .. 
i just don't have time for anything .. 
its like my days are stuck on repeat . 
DONE 
i pretty much stopped planning for the future when i was fifteen .. 
if i was going to die , i'd just spend all my money on the things i really want . 
still waiting on jennaaaa ... 
ive been very impulsive lately .. 
i can't depend on anyone or anything . 
those dreams we had when we were kids , aren't real . 
What i need is an open road and a whole lot of speed . 
i have no intention on continuing my english class . 
Trust me , I'll get it . I don't mess around .. 
i have absolutely no idea what i'm doing . 
Lebrons mom is sleeping with delonte west ? Lol 
don't tell me how i should be doing great in college when you didn't even go .. 
do something stupid and then expect people to feel sorry for you ? fuuuuck that . 
ohhh shut up , 
its complicated .. 
i have never been so stressed out in my entire life .. 
effffffffff school . 
i can't wait on you forever , it's now or never . 
i'll be so glad when this is all over . 
this place is full of slutty , gold-digging bitches ....... 
horrrrrrrible day turned out to be quite alright :) 
i'm in love with the fact that i have no school , and no work tomorrow , ahhhh yesss ;) 
finally getting those speakers todayy ;) you'll hear me soon enough .. 
and darkness is fading in , and darkness is real . 
for the first time in two months , i have absolutely nothing i HAVE to do today . It's weird .. 
my entire day will consist of watching ' ancient aliens ' on the history channel . 
once again , there ain't shit to do ... 
OMG THIS MOVIE IS SO SCARYYYYYYYY 
Goinggg to Mohican for the dayyy :) 
you just have to go with the best plan you got , cause otherwise you're just sittin there not knowing what to do . 
all these trips to ashland are really breakin ' my bankkkk 
i'm gonna make those bluee eyes allllll mine ;) 
even though it seems like life has become so predictable , i never know what to expect . 
what an easy little life you have , everything handed to you .. well back here in reality , some of us have to work for what we've got . 
when it's your last < PROPMALE > , you better take it . 
spendinnn money left and right ;) come on , there's nothing else to do .. 
You're an asshole and I don't miss you at all , I miss the person you used to be .. 
you can't be the best if you settle for what you've got . 
okayy the whole \lets hold hands and turn the other way while someone takes a picture\ " is really dumb .. justttt sayin .. " 
math classss at 6 with the coolest people ever :) then off to see my seniors play their last concert . 
i miss everyone . 
time for bed . 
but it's too nice outside to go to class ... :( 
glee is stupid , but i want to see the lady gaga episode .. 
i just keep myself busy so i dont have the time to think about things . it's become an effective method . 
i'm < PROPFEMALE > busybusybusy 
eff this migraine , and being tired , and having math class at 6 , and dumb bitches . 
first day at my second job tomorrow . i'm already thinking about a third .. 
hey seniors , one more week and you're free for good . Feels nice , doesn't it ? :) 
< PROPFIRST>'s grad party with < PROPFEMALE > Smith . 
last nightt was greatt , about to do it all over again :) 
one hour of sleep , work , anddddd now i'm exhausted . 
today was , and still is a piece of shit . 
interesting weekendd ...... 
just . keep . running . 
class , then to my second home :) 
i gotta find someone who loves my flaws as much as i hate them , and when i find that person , he's a keeper . 
running anotherr two < PROPMALE > . fuuuuuuunn 
not even close ..... 
So about an hour ago I saw a girl walking down the road with jeans and a winter coat on .... What in the hell 
operation ' isolation ' has begun . 
wellll ... that was interesting . 
it's raining sooo , i don't have to work now :) 
i have yet to find someone who is different than the rest . 
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
alright so since that's been the third person to piss me off , if i don't know you you're gonna get deleted in here in about two seconds ... 
just one crappy day after another , hello summer .. 
goddddd i love eminem . 
crappy day , it's about to be a crappy week . awesome . 
this entire weekend was one huge FAIL . 
work work work work , school school school . four days left . 
out of control .. 
boyyy , don't think i can't play that game too . 
about to go rideeeeee for the first time this year :) 
why does everyone think i look like < PROPFEMALE > Wilkinson ? lol 
i feel like i should be doing something with my life ... but i'm just gonna go to bed . 
i don't have nearly enough , to get the things i want . 
i'm just .. so tired . 
I used to have good days every so often . I can see those are gone for good ... 
Sick with myself , but i've got no one else . So i give it to myself it's the only thing that helps . It's the same thing this pain thing that keeps me from sleeping and screaming that god i must be mother fucking dreaming . 
we'll do some drugs and fall in love and get fucked up while the world just shrugs . 
i wish i knew who my real friends were 
i'm really upset that i decided to cut my hair . fml 
MOVIESSSSSSSSSS , right after i make this final my bitch . 
it doesn't feel like summer . 
ashlandddd with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . 
i reallllyyy hope it rains all day , so i don't have to work . 
what a horrible day , 
sometimes i wish time would stop . or that i could fast forward or rewind to certain spots . or delete spots all together . yeah , that would be good . 
effffffff it , i'm getting my tattoo . 
you know what i really miss ? Disney band trip ' 07 . call me lame if you want , but i'd go back to that in a second . 
everyones in a relationship 
heyy taco < PROPFEMALE > , i understand your drive thru closes at 3 , but next time we're hungry as shit and pull up at 3:01 , you better give me some fucking tacos . 
< PROPFIRST > Pickering is my besttttt friiiiieeennnnndddddddd . 
i hate having a day that was so awesome , that the next day is shitty and boring in comparison :( 
i'm so glad a guy just threatened to \beat my fucking ass\ " . i mean ... really ? hahah " 
pretty little liars is my new favorite show . 
< PROPFEMALE > , i have a wedding to attend friday , and nothing to wear :( 
welll .. work 6am-230 , then again 4-930 . then midinight movies , then work again 6am-11 . then weddinggg ! so basically , no sleep in my near future . 
about to start my 15 hour work day .......... NOW . 
:( times a million 
realllly though , i have no idea whats going on :/ 
yeahh so , i don't really care about soccer . Just sayinnn .. 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > have to be the best couple in the world , and i'm so happy for them :) 
it still doesnt feel like summer . 
autumns grad partyyy 
finally made my tattoo appointment , this shits gonna happen . 
well , on to the next one i guess . 
everytime an old person asks me what i'm doing with my life , i feel inadequate and worthless when i respond . 
:) going to play tennis with < PROPFEMALE > Kunz 
pissed . that is all . 
uhmmm , California Girls has been stuck in my head for two days now ........ 
i guess ill just go sit in the sun for the next five hours since i have nothing better to do . 
i'm ready for bed , the weekend was ridiculous . 
time to take this seriously , quit fuckin around . 
there is nothing in this world than beings me more joy than stupid asses , and youtube .. 
YOU AIN'T GOT NO PANCAKE MIX ! 
WHY IS MY CELL PHONE BEING GAYYYYYYYY 
AHHHHH GOOOOOOALLL GOOALLL SHITSHITSHITSHIT USA GOOOOOOOOOOOOO USA . ILOVESOCCCCCCCCCCCCERRRRRRRR \SOMETHING ABOUTLANDON < PROPMALE > HAVING MY BABIES\ " AHHHH YESSSSSSSS GOOOOOAL . not . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Kunz better hurry and get here so i can show her something funny . 
:( 
nothing goes as planned 
i guess some people don't understand when it's inappropriate to be wearing a bikini . 
i need a vacation . 
i need another job . 
Already pumped to see < PROPMALE > Potter and the deathly hallows , but pissed that i have to wait another eight months to see the second part ... 
so tell me why theres a bonfire party in my own backyard and i didn't know about it ? 
lets just stop , drop everything . forget each other's names , and just walk away 
workkkk until 9 , come get ice cream and/or fried foods from me at < PROPFIRST>'s :) 
tomorrow should be very entertaining , to say the least . 
uhmmmmm fire at my house . bitches next door are about to get cut . 
to ashlanddddddddd ! 
about to fuck shit up with < PROPFEMALE > Kunz 
so everyone i was supposed to go to warped tour with , can't go now . fml 
i love spam shit ......... fuck you facebook . 
< PROPFEMALE > Kunz and i are ready for round four :) 
apparently , Ohio isn't for lovers . 
rounnnnddddd four , bitchesss ;) 
what an awesome friday night at home alone ... 
torn apart at the seams , all my dreams turn to tears . I'm not feelin this situation . Run away try to find that safe place , you cant hide . It's the best place to be when you're feelin like me . 
workkinnnn 3-930 . Come get ice cream from me , and not < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > :) 
fml fml fml 
some people never change . 
to the lake for some funnnn with lots and lots of people , plus < PROPFIRST > Caldwell :) hahaha 
best fourth of July ever :) 
wellllllll fuck . i hate waking up for reality , when cloud nine was so much better . 
warped tour , two days . who's going ? 
i'm so lifted i walk on clouds , 
anddddd < PROPMALE > sucks , again . 
mohican with < PROPFIRST > Caldwell :) 
five days and i'm a jersey girl 
oh baby don't you know , this party's picking up . you be a classy lookin ' hoe . 
there are just some people i could handle never seeing again .. 
all my friends are dead . 
you ever have one of those days where you wanna punch every single person in the face ... 
I'm getting tired of waking up at 2am to red and blue strobe lights shining through my window in my eyes ... 
I miss you already ... 
leaving for Jersey in the morning ;) 
New jersey . I've never seen more foreign cars in one place in my life .. 
jersey shore boardwalk is NOTHING like i thought it would be ... MTV made it look so much more awesome . 
Atlantic city is ridiculous . But the tropicana is so awesome , I don't have to leave the hotel . Everything I could ever want or need is here :) 
< PROPFIRST > and I paid three dollars last night to have an Arabic guy push us seven blocks down the boardwalk in a cart . Hahaha 
We just raced carts down the boardwalk and I said I wish they had horns so they guy pushing us made honking noises at people and was bumping into the other cart . Hahaha 
I think just being in Atlantic city has given me a gambling addiction .. 
here's to goodbye , tomorrow's gonna come too soon . 
being away for a week makes me realize how much i wouldn't miss this place if i left for good . 
we get high as fuck then we just do it , put ya nike's on ;) 
i spend so much time in ashland , i should just move there . 
backkk to ashland ;) 
gettin ' high as we wanna be , whole different time zone . destination paradise . 
love is a nightmare . 
cause i don't give a fuck , blow trees get money ;) 
SHE DOESNT EVEN GO HERE !!!!!! 
So im kinda upset that the day after i left Jersey shore , they all came back to start filming again . FML . 
< PROPFEMALE > tomorrow morning ;) 
i'm done worrying and caring about people who don't care about me . you don't wanna be friends ? that's cool , i don't need you people anyway . 
La < PROPFEMALE > sera grande ! Vous voir dans deux semaines . Au revoir ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is wonderful :) 
Gooodbye < PROPFIRST > :( 
Haha oh < PROPFEMALE > is ridiculous . You have no idea ... 
Sitting here in the hotel alone because nobody wanted to wait two seconds for me ... Awesome friends , right ? 
Coming home tomorrow . I love nice but home sounds so much better right now . 
Off to London :) 
i never thought i'd say i missed mansfield , but last night i did . thank god i'm home 
woww .. seriously . 
i cant tell you what really is , i can only tell you what it feels like . and right now its a steel knife in my windpipe . 
gonnaaa be a good day :) 
i'm pretty sure i'm going to college for no reason . i feel like i'm getting nowhere ... fml . 
\the secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources \"- < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > had the worst idea in the world sdkgjvbsfkvjbskbv 
secrets . 
school tomorrow ? ah that sucks .... haha 
moneyy ;) 
everyone's getting married and having babies ..... 
what do you do when you have nothing ,.. nothing to lose . 
going shopping ; i got money to blowww 
i wish people said things they actually meant , 
Every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end . 
are you afraid of being alone ? cause i am , i'm lost without you . 
she swears there's no difference between the lies and compliments . 
you keep sayin ' that you wouldn't but i know that you might ;) 
i swear everyday is the same old shitttttt 
going to .. waffle house ? lolol 
At megans for the night :) 
i need someone i can rely on , forever . 
she hates the sound that goodbyes make 
Working on labor day , cool . 
and when it come to hoes man , he's got a collage ... 
these clowns somewhere in the clouds . me , i'm a satellite . 
perfect only in my imperfection . 
< PROPFIRST > gang or < PROPFIRST > swift , bitchhh . 
she would change everything , for happy ever after . caught in the in between , a beautiful diasaster . 
It's so pathetic that when I get half a day off all I want to do is sleep :/ 
not really sure what i'm waiting on ... 
can't wait for school , so many attractive boys i haven't met ;) 
giving up . it's so easyyy ... 
Fuck love , I'm tired of tryin 
wedding dress shopping in the morning with < PROPFIRST > Pfeiffer , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > :) 
i wannaaa sleep my life away . 
i wish there was some electronic device that told me who my real friends were . that would be helpful . 
Me and _________ would make a cute couple (: Copy and put as your status and see who you get (: ! hahahahaha 
steeelerrssss :) 
i want another tattoooo :( 
like a fuck you for christmas , my gift is a curse . 
OU halloween with Bethani is about to be badass . I wish it wasn't so far awayyyy ! ;) 
things are gonna change , i don't care what drastic shit has to happen for it to be different . 
bellvilleee fair time :) 
loveeee how im always there for people but when its my turn theyre nowhere to be found . fuckkkk you then . 
i'm in this crowded room , all alone . 
waiting on the storm . 
I can live without you , but without you I'll be miserable at best . 
Who do you tell your secrets to when everyone you used to know wouldn't listen . 
guesss i'm going to the football game . 
29-50 yeeeaah < PROPMALE > :) 
every single day i feel like i'm waiting for something . but it never happens . i don't really know what i'm waiting for either . 
notttt going to < PROPMALE > , going to the fair instead . 
blonde haired , blue eyed boys are nothing but trouble . 
notttt feelin going to school tomorrow ... 
when you try your best but you don't succeed , when you get what you want but not what you need , when you feel so tired but you can't sleep , stuck in reverse . and the tears come streaming down your face when you lose something you can't replace . When you love someone but it goes to waste , could it be worse ? 
how's it gonna be , when you don't know me anymore . 
Homeeee from work . Class 330-8 
if you roll that kushhh , then baby we good . 
life is a trip so sometimes we gonna stumble . you gotta go through pain in order to become you . but once the world numbs you , you'll feel like it's only one you 
i need to find/buy an amp like nooowwwwwwwwww :( 
I'm sooo fuckin done with my job . Looking for a new one as of 530 this morning :) so if anyone needs a job , Kohls is definitely hiring ... 
Tired , I'm always tired . :( 
people need to get off their high school drama shit . 
Let us die young or let us live forever . 
whyyyy cant i go to the wiz khalifa concerttttttttttt !!? bullshit . 
weezy , khalifa , < PROPMALE > ... all in one song . i'd love to hear that shittt . 
so im watching \100 greatest artists\ " on vh1 and why is Journey only #96 ?? " 
throw ya hands in the air like you a true playaaa 
i just talked to the nicest boy working in hot topic . he made my day :) 
we in the air , you oh so lowww . 
Homework , bullshit . 
I decided I'm gonna collect $20 bills . Who wants to help me get started ? :) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > has been playing for the past hour ... 
third shift tonight . FML . 
fuck homework , fuck school , fuck 35 hour work weeks , fuck not having a social life anymore . this is bullshit . i miss summer . 
someone tell me why my mom knows the words to \no hands \"...." 
just now getting around to watching Family Guy season premiere . i hate being busy . 
Surprisingly , I'm glad I have nothing to do tonight except watch tv . 
workingg on a new pastel :) its been far too long . 
:( :( :( fml 
ive lost all sense of reality at this point .. ahaha 
gonnna see easy A with < PROPFEMALE > . 
You know you at the top when only heavens right above ya 
People are such shitty friends anymore , I swearr 
gonna make < PROPFEMALE > a faceboooook so she'll never get her homework done again :) 
made < PROPFEMALE > a facebook , andd now i didnt get MY homework done ... fail . 
Probably not good that I can't breathe very well right now ... 
I feel like total and complete shit . AND I'm bored . :( 
Ummmm how did I lose my phone !?!??? 1 
i reallly hate going to the doctor :( alot 
every single thing is disappointing . 
Apathy and frustration are an understatement ... 
I feel like the best years of my life have been/are/will be wasted . 
Still sick ... Awesome . 
Rockstar tatted , big money addict ;) 
andddd the weekend begins :) 
Whole day wasted . fffffuuuuuuuuuck 
im failing at halloween costume ideas . 
AHH FRIDAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY !!!!!! 1 !! 1 ! 
Well I WAS having a good night .... 
Gettin ' into some shit with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > :) 
Well , that was ..... A nice change ;) 
work tomorrow ? not feelin ' it . 
Apparently my social skills = epic fail :/ 
some of them want to use you , some of them want to be used by you . 
And she swears there's nothin wrong , I hear her playin that same old song . 
horrrrrrible day . and it's only noon . fml 
I want to punch my human growth professor in the face so hard .!! Ughhhhhh for real 
My real friends never hearin ' from me\ 
Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me\ 
that's why i pick and choose , i don't get shit confused\ 
I got a small circle , i'm not with different crews\ 
We walk the same path but got on different shoes . 
Work at 6 , class at 3 , weeekkeendddd !! :) 
16 and pregnant , and teen mom are probably the dumbest shows i've ever been forced to watch ... 
If it cost to be the boss , oh well I guess I gotta pay 
i'm convinced i'll never stop setting myself up for disappointment . 
i've been watching jersey shore re runs since like 7am . 
sweetest day ... such a joke . 
i'm just reaching for something thats already gone 
black and yellow ;) 
I gotta leave this town . It's turned me into something I'm not . 
all i really need is an open road and a whole lot of speed 
Fire it up and let them horses sing ;) 
it's freezing in here , and i'm exhausted ... time for bed . 
halloweeeeen party :) 
why does no store around here sell effing cowboy hats ... 
halloweeeen party at my house . 
Ashland to get pumpkins with < PROPFEMALE > . and getting our carving done :) 
probably the best weekend i've had in a longggg time , thanks to < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and everyone else :) 
i wanna see some real ghosts . bring it onnnnn . 
its true , ladies love country boys ;) 
:( :( :( 
I'm giving up on love , cause love's given up on me . 
busiest week ever :/ 
Soooo not feeling Good . Nope , not at all . 
psych class makes me realize how much of a failure i am . 
i don't even care that it's friday , i just wanna go to sleep ... :/ 
So , what's goin on tonight ? :) 
lets get this thing started , its my kinda party ;) 
i love how girls think they need to be a slutty version of something for halloween . haha . but i'm glad they let their true self show for a night . 
gonna sleep forever . starting ..... now . 
you can't make the right decision until you've tried all the wrong ones . 
i wish i could sell my ipod . 
you people are dumb , four lokos are nasty as shit . 
i always find myself in the worst situations ... :/ 
and i thought i was used to the weight of the world . 
Where did all the real men go 
For the first time this year , I'm doing homework the day BEFORE it's due ... 
I was just thinking ... about How i miss outrun the gun and cold under texas . 
Avatar 2 in 2014 ? whaaat . 
party last night , show tonight ;) 
Some people are just meant to be alone forever . 
fall is my favorite time of year , and its almost over :( 
i live life in the fast < PROPFIRST > , never slow down . 
So so sooo sick :/ 
spending the night perfecting my itunes 
i seriously cannot watch the old family guy episodes that aren't HD quality ... they just look horrible . 
winter quarter is gonna blowwww :/ 
you're my absolute favorite , but you already knew that ;) 
it's like an explosion everytime i hold ya , wasn't jokin when i told ya , you take my breath away . 
how perfect is it that new years < PROPFEMALE > is on a friday this year ? 
I'm pretty sure every single person in mansfield is at the mall right now ... 
Burlesque ;) 
i'm about whatever man , fuck what they be talkin bout . they opinion doesnt count , we the only thing that matters 
i was never worried about finals until . right . now . 
you say it best , when you say nothing at all . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . :) even though I haven't been on facebook all day haha 
i'll be so happy when Christmas is over .......... 
Columbus ; easton . brb 
I'll do my best to give you nothing less than perfect . \\n1128 * 
why does it seem like every single person i know or meet either wants to be a nurse , or a physical therapy assistant ? Comeee onnnnnnn . real creative . 
Ophiuchus . what the fuuuuuu 
together forever will never be long enough for me & hearts ; 
Ohhh I miss the jersey shore :/ let's go againnnnn :) 
Two months with my favorite boy in the world :) 
so many people went to college and instead of knowledge they just gained massive amounts of pounds ... hahahaha 
If i said i want your body now , would you hold it against me ? Cause you feel like paradise and i need a vacation tonight . 
It's the fuckinn < PROPFEMALE > wine mixer . 
I WANNA PARTY SO HARD RIGHT NOWWWWWWWWWWWWW . 
Every single person pisses me off today 
I wasn't aware anyone even liked the packers until right now ? 
If only you knew that everytime I see your dumb ass statuses I want to punch you so hard in the face .... 
Hey < PROPFIRST > griffin , i paid for these tickets so we could see you dunk all over the place . Get on it . \\n1128 * 
Classes are killing me :/ 
At every occasion i'll be ready for a funeral\\n1128 * 
people are so pathetic 
My boyfriend is the best everrrrr :) 
i need vacation ideas :/ 
seriously , spring break needs to be here now :( im over these classes ...... 
Why isn't college considered a full time job ? 
now i remember the only reason i like winter ,.. i don't have to deal with all the trashy people walking around mansfield . 
I was wonderin maybe could I make you my baby , if we do the unthinkable would it make us look crazy or would it be so beautiful , either way I'm sayin , if you ask me I'm ready . 
hey you , with the annoying status , nobody gives a fuck . 
anddd yet another day goes by with absolutely nothing to do . maybe it's time to move away . 
i can't ever concentrate on anything :( 
okayy , maybe i'm a little behind on hearing about this , but i was just introduced to the \friday\ " song . i instantly though of a million things i'd rather do than ever hear that again . WTF pretty sure my ears have just been raped ... " 
Here I go , scream my lungs out and try to get to you . You are my only one . There's just no one that gets me like you do . You are my only , my only one . 
