APRIL 22ND IS MY LAST DAY IN THE AIR FORCE !! WOO HOO , THEN ITS OFF TO COLLEGE --- YAY !!! 

I KEEP ON LOVIN ' YOU !!! <--- < PROPMALE > 
Dime Que Te Paso . http://bit.ly/92dH65 
WTF is wrong with everybody ?!?!! but don't worry , it'll hurt when you walk away from me , but not for long ... so its your loss MOFO !! HAHAHAHAH 
BOISE IN TWO WEEKS WOOOOO . http://bit.ly/98hAiO 
im becoming very frustrated with this !!!! its seriously about to piss me off ! im not even joking dude ... im gonna find a solution cuz this aint happenin'! 
today is turning out to be a horrible day ... 
I miss pappy already ... it doesnt even feel real yet ... i cant stop crying and it just sucks ... but because of that amazing man i am proud as hell to call myself a MCGINLEY !!! 
I'm moving to Nebraska in January ... YAY !!! So excited , can not wait ... 
YEA , ITS MY KINDA PARTY !!!!!!!! ;) http://bit.ly/aLEWDW 
Stay away from other boys women\ 
That’s one damn good way for a man to get it wooped down\ 
These boys tough down here\ 
Get your ass tore up down here .... :) http://bit.ly/9xjO2R 
i changed my < PROPMALE > today ! HA ! from pre-vet medicine to wildlife biology ... YAY haha :D http://bit.ly/bK7Hrh 
I'm a mess and so is my room , I like it better that way . \ 
I laugh too much for my own good and I always say the wrong thing at the wrong time . I'm loud and chances are , I'll never end up hating you even if I say I do , go figure . I can't keep a steady relationship to save my life , \ 
because I'm not ' girlfriend material . ' < PROPMALE > light and batman underwear turn me on and I don't believe in real love an http://bit.ly/dncZMq 
Don't underestimate us farm girls ! :) 
He picked up all the pieces of my broken heart and kept a piece for himself and gave me a piece of his heart :) http://bit.ly/9PiFai 
Whatever happened to healthy girls being sexy and these underweight , protruding hip bone girls needing to eat a cheeseburger or two ? http://bit.ly/bmw1Fp 
NEBRASKA IN TWO WEEKS !!! SO EFFIN EXCITED :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
I ruined it again ... :( 
Anyone can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's true strength . 
I think < PROPFIRST > Aldean said it best but I think I'm about to find some peace at the bottom of a real tall cold drink ! :) 
thats how hearts get broke , down in < PROPMALE > hole ... 
I CAN DO IT BETTER THAN HER !!! ;) 
Post this if your dad is a hard working man and is your hero , helps you no matter how bad you are or is just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you're PROUD of your dad , and that you love him dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one dad 
haha , exactly the reason i dont trust men ... 
why does he have to say all these things that make me go crazy ?!?!?! 
Yup , so I'm pretty sure my criminal justice professor hates me ! hahahahah 
and people wonder why i hate and do not get along with females ... haha , wow ! 
I LOOOOOOOVE CODYYYYYYYYYYYY !!! HAHAHAH :) 
yay for criminal justice tomorrow , probably my favorite class of them all but the instructor hates me , haha , go me ! 
yes , i am a girl , and yes , i do want to be a game warden ! is it really that hard to comprehend ? sorry i dont want to be a cosmetologist or effin secretary ... but thats what makes me , me , i am definitely not like any other female on this planet ! 
a math tutor ? really ?! yes , i probably did score high on the math test haha but no i can not teach math to anyone . i just get it , idk how to explain it 
alright ... just found out that people DO NOT like game wardens . YAY . perfect job for me ! :) 
yup ... i give up ... they win , i lose . I QUIT !!! :( 
and i just fell in love ! haha . hes soooooo cute ! yet , idk his name :) but he was wearing ALOT of green and talkin to me about the weather ... so romantic lmao 
pretty sure im gonna go to a concert either over spring break or this summer ! YAY 
i'm freezing ! the heater in my room is broken ! this sucks ... haha 
why can't i be like other girls ?!?! idk of any other girl who would rather move somewhere where they can work with moose , bears and wolves than be with someone they really like . Like wtp is wrong with me ? I STILL CANT BELIEVE THERE ARENT ANY MOOSE IN NEBRASKA THOUGH !! its crazy ... UGH !!!! 
Love doesn't exist and is not an emotion . It is a chemical and physiological process in the brain , reptilian brain ( caudate nucleus ) that causes the feeling of infatuation because of the release of PEA molecules into the CNS which in turn releases dopamine and hinders the release of seratonin . SCIENTIFICALLY SPEAKING :) 
i miss my dad ... 
i'm so confused ... idk what to do ... and im debating a big decision which will probably hurt either way ... :( 
im not so sure he's the \one \"..." 
I AM IN LOVE WITH < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!! <3 haha :) 
His love's like rain on a tin roof , sweet song of the summertime storm and oh the way that it moves you , it's a < PROPFEMALE > of passion raging on and then it's gone and just like a thirsty field , I can't complain or bitch ' cause I'm thankful for every single drop I can get ... <3 :) 
WILD JUSTICE IS ON TONIGHT !!! WOOT ! WOOT ! ANOTHER NIGHT I GET TO SPEND WITH < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! LOL <3 :) 
yup , so i had to reset my phone and have no ones number ... so haha yea ... 
starting to piss me the fuck off ... 
people always say that girls look for guys who remind them of their dad , but if i look for a guy like my dad then no guy is ever gonna measure up cuz my dad is the best and no guy could ever even come close to comparing to him . most men only wish to be as great as he is . I LOVE YOU DAD !!! :) 
It’s so weird and confusing that when I say I don’t know what to do I really mean it . One minute you’re making me laugh out loud like no other guy can , and the next I just want to get up and leave because you tick me off so much . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Nores , and < PROPFIRST > Karnow :) <3 
I've wasted nights waiting all alone wondering if you'd call , if you'd ever come home and so many tears that fell for you and all the heartache that you put me through so you can't break my heart anymore once we're through , thought you knew me but you don't and you can't have my love cuz it don't belong to you 
ok . heres the deal . why do i not want to be in love ? why do i not want to get married ? 1- i dont need you , or anyone . i can take care of myself . i can support myself . 2- i'm ok on my own . im not scared to be alone like 98% of everybody these days . 3- LOVE ?, in this day and age is like the lochness monster . its an illusion . its a word thats just thrown around like nothing . love means nothing to many people anymore . 
you can take the girl out of the country but you cant take the country out of the girl :) 
You and me boy we're one of life's little wonders , we go together like lightning and thunder , sky-high , on fire .. feels good , don't it ? Thank your lucky stars , lucky's what we are . Some people go through life never knowing what love is or where it's going , me and you boy we just walked up on it , feels good don't it ... <3 :) 
college sucks ... ALOT ! haha :) 
please dont take me , i swear i dont know anything sir :/ 
So .. I'm thinking about dropping outta college after this semester ... good times ... :\\ 
ATTENTION EVERYBODY !!! -- im not seriously going to drop out of college lol but i am considering changing my < PROPMALE > , now that is a very high possibility . dropping out , yea .. not that likely to happen . :) 
i cant find my phone ... 
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK 
i love my life ... oh so effin much ... 
i wish i could explain how it felt for you to say that to me ... thank god im used to assholes :) haha 
what happens when hes your < PROPMALE > charming , but your not his < PROPFEMALE > ? 
this tuesday at Cunninghams , single .. will be AMAAAAAAAAZING !!! like epic . mothers you better keep your sons at home ;) can't wait !!! :) 
Iiissmmh 
If I can hear u chewing your gum , then u have a problem . Learn some manners , your not a cow !! 7 
we couldve set it down when things got tough , we couldve walked away from this love but thatd been crazy , we were lovin blind , borderline reckless , we were livin for the minute we were spinning in , maybe we were alot of things but we werent crazy 
i HATE my boobs !!! :( 
maybe times just playing tricks on me these days or maybe these old feelings never went away cuz all that i remember .. im still in love with you and if im losing my mind , i hope you are too ... 
i can still make < PROPFEMALE > ... :( 
Don't tell me that there is more fish in the sea cuz that water looks pretty polluted 
my bank account looks phenomenal ... < PROPMALE > turner and < PROPMALE > gates better watch out :) 
i'm so good at being sarcastic that half the time people dont know if im even being sarcastic or serious . its a good trait to have haha . that way you can fool people . like when they ask if your ok you can say \just another day in paradise\ " and they think your having a great day ... " 
i only see this ending in disaster ... 
I'm so paranoid of getting hurt . I am always getting my heart broken over and over . My heart has so many scars and bruises all over it . I don't know how much just one heart can take really , and I don't really want to find out either . 
In my wildest dreams , you always play the hero . In my darkest hour of night , you rescue me , you save my life . :) 
my eyes !!! :( 
yeap ... pretty sure my < PROPMALE > is getting changed to psychology ! :) 
I LOVE ? :) <3 
all my pants are getting too big ... i like my diet !!! :) hahaha 
you love me but you dont know who i am and you're not something i deserve 
haha ! i like when you search for cowgirls on google image search engine you just get a whole bunch of fake sluts ! :) hahaha ... too funny 
< PROPFEMALE > 
i miss montana ... where there is mountains and wildlife ! <3 
today's a bad day ... i just want this torture to end ... 
You've made my life a living fucking hell . I hate every aspect of my life because of you ! But after tonight I'm fucking done with you . You're no longer gonna control my life . I'm taking my freedom back from you . I'm no longer gonna be impronised by your twisted , selfish , disgusting need to hurt people . Let alone a little girl who trusted you , you fucking prick . You deserve all the hell you get !!! 
so i have decided that i am going to change my < PROPMALE > ! instead of wildlife biology its now going to be psychology cuz i have decided that i would be extremely happy to help adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse !!! so thats my new goal . EXCITED !!! :) 
i need to get my head back into school . i cant focus right now . i cant fail this shit ... i need spring break to be here . 2 more weeks til then , i hope i havent lost my mind by then . 
yea , so i'm pretty sure i'm being cheated on . woo hoo 
i think i may be dying ... 
I'm not afraid of dying , it's something we all do but I'm scared to death of living the rest of my life without you ... my heart beats like thunder as i call out your name ... let it rain ... 
FML . I give up . I'm done . 
ive been down this road so many times before and i know he isnt gonna come but here i am , waiting on nothing ... 
Go !... No , no , just wait a minute , we're not really breaking up are we ? Come on . This is just a fight we're having and tomorrow will be like it never happend right ? 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , have more money , a new phone . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is FIGHTING cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
Yeah , I'm a-dog runnin ' , deer huntin ' , fish catchin ' , cow tippin ' , \ 
Corn-pickin ' , cider-sippin ' , fight-startin ' , kid-raisin ' , \ 
gun-totin ' , hay-balin ' , pea-pickin ' country . \ 
Yeah , I guarantee you , I'm country . \ 
I ain't scared to be country neither . 
HEADACHE , PLEASE GO AWAY !!! I'M SICK OF YOU ! 
The girl you called fat has been starving herself . The boy you called stupid has a learning disability . The girl you just called ugly spends feels that way herself . The boy you just tripped is abused at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . \ 
Put this as your status if you're against bullying . #stopabuse 
i'm done with you . after the news i told u today , u should have been here with me . obviously im not an important part of your life so your no longer a part of mine . the part that hurt the worst though , was how little i really meant to you . 
When we drink , we get drunk . \ 
When we get drunk , we fall asleep . \ 
When we fall asleep , we commit no sin . \ 
When we commit no sin , we go to heaven . \ 
So , let's all get drunk , and go to heaven ! \ 
\ 
A wild goose never reared a tame gosling ! \ 
THANK GOD I'M < PROPFEMALE > !!! \ 
HAPPY ST . PATRICK'S DAY ! 
i spend too much money ... lol 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! MY GENERATION GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH MY HAND ON MY HEART . THEY NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE ! LET'S SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL RE-POST THIS & NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE 
:( ... 
I just want my < PROPFIRST > back ... :( 
i think im dying ... 
screw calving season ... lol 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
I LOVE < PROPMALE > CAMPBELL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Fish - < PROPMALE > Campbell :) 
i just want my < PROPFIRST > back ... 
i have hiccups ... :\\ 
I bought 3 tickets for the < PROPFIRST > Aldean concert !!! Anyone wanna go ? :) 
i just wanna be me , i dont want you to be me and dont want you to do EVERYTHING i do . i can be me ... i dont need you trying to be me too . I know you want to and your jealous but im sorry . Im enough of me ! :) 
yum yum , < PROPFIRST > johns :) 
DIRT ROAD ANTHEM - < PROPFIRST > ALDEAN :) 
you're very irritating when you do that . just so you know . stop being a bitch ... :) HAVE A NICE DAY ! 
DODGERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D woot woot 
