djing karaoke tonight at the karib tonight drop by and see 

Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes .... cell is good 
Heading to HG for concert before work tonight 
between rain and everything else today was kind of a flop for corn chopping 
lets see my body wants to go to bed but my mind says go go go 
work till sunday then unknown 
at home tonight and start my day early tommorow 
what a night i had last night .... dance with a wonderful girl and then had a good night at work 
away from computer for a few ... hit cell if need to reach me 
back and chilling at home watching tv and messing around on my computer 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL !!! 
so does anyone know how much snow we are suppose to get out of this little storm !?!?!? 
Go to urbandictionary.com, and type in your first name . Copy & paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Well .... what to say what to say !!! Had a wonderful night and ready for another night with Ms. Wonderful 
cant wait till tuesday ... hangout with dad and see my lady all in one day ... life is great 
missing my baby .... wishing she was here or i was there .... wait i will be there tommorow 
Got to have lunch with my baby .... Missing her really bad right now !!! 
It's Friday . Two more nights of work to go !!! 
waiting for u !!! 
talking with my girl and loving every minute of it 
if u open the door at least close the window 
why does 7 days seem to go by so fast when you are by my side !?!?!?!?! 
just left my girl and now the sun comes out 
is it sad if u just left someone and u want to drive 2 hours to see her again 
Another amazing weekend with my baby ..... Going to be tough sleeping with you not by my side .... 
in vergennes doing everything and anything 
I have another interview this afternoon . How many do I have to do before a company offers me a job ? 
After awhile of job searching and interviews after interviews , I finally got a call from Twincraft .. Who is the new Twincraft employee .....? ME !!! 
Last day of work for this week ... I think I am going to miss this place . 
up north again and chilling for the weekend 
Is it me or does the sun only come out when people are working inside ? 
Always and Forever .... Her 
If you & i woke up in jail together .... using only four words ... what would you say to me ? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say ... ( if you comment you have to repost . ) it's only fair ! 
Wishing it was Friday again so I can give my lady a BIG hug !!!!!! 
Well I totally miss my girl but that is no surprise .... Can't wait till Friday !!!!! 
Tonight is the night I have been waiting all week for !!!!!!! Vergennes here I come :) 
There be none of Beauty's daughters\ 
With a magic like Thee\ 
\ 
And like music on the waters\ 
Is thy sweet voice to me\ 
When , as if its sound were causing\ 
The charm ! d ocean's pausing\ 
The waves lie still and gleaming\ 
And the lull'd winds seem dreaming\ 
Always thinking of her !!!!! 
If I had to choose between breathing and loving you I would use my last breath to tell you how much I love you . \ 
Missing my girl so bad right now 
Friday is always the best day of the week . I get to spend two whole days with the girl and not worry about coming back to work till Monday 
Damn car blew the serpentine belt waiting for my wonderful dad to wake up and come get us . 
