Pretty much spent 2 days only reading on my Kindle . Really loving it too . 

Oh The Wonders Of Boredom ! 
I Don't Feel Like Sleeping ! Don't You Hate Bad Dreams That Make You Not Want To Sleep The Next Night ? 
Is Watching The Third Season Of Law And Order : SVU ! 
Is Still So Very Sleepy !!!! 
Is Going To Re-Read < PROPMALE > Potter #7 For The Fourth Time !!! 
Saw Planet 51 With My Daddy ! 
Is Going Home Today ! I Never Know When I Come Back Though ! My Cell Number Is 550-1206 ! 
I Have The Internet Now ! 
I am way to tired to function today !! 
Gosh , i need a job , so i can have money , to buy a license , to save for a car , so i can drive it !!!!!! 
I need a job , to have some money , to buy my license , to save for a car , so i can drive it !!!! 
I have the biggest headache !! All day long ! 
I'm in Boise at my Daddy's house . He had a minor heart attack and he is doing better now . 
Im so excited for < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland ! I can't wait to see it ! 
I'm going home sunday . And I really need to study for quizzing ! I forgot to bring it with me . And also study for my stupid GED math test ! The only one I have left . Yeah I put it off til now ! I avoided it as much as possible ! Now I have no choice . 
Oh the joys of doing laundry !! 
I keep forgetting everything . To call someone back , to wish someone happy birthday , Etc Etc Etc ! 
Just being bored to death . I really need to find a life ! 
I feel bad that no one ever tells me about school stuff . Events that I can attend but no one bothers to tell me about ! I'm starting to see a pattern ! 
I hate being sick !!! I spent an entire day sleeping . Literally ! 
I get to go to Drain , Oregon next week with Kassy and < PROPFIRST > . I'm ssoo excited ! 
Is going to read my < PROPFEMALE > Nicolson book , british books are hilarious ! And amazingly entertaining ! 
Just watching Threes Company and being bored . 
I am sssooo excited for this week !!! 
I finally got to see the Ocean !!! It was ssoo much fun ! Except for I almost drowned ! 
\I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Have you ever cracked up laughing and can't stop but there was nothing funny in the first place ? 
I love spring !! I love the rain , the thunder , even sometimes the wind ! It's much more better than the snow ! 
\The difference between try and triumph is a little umph\ " - < PROPMALE > Phillips " 
\One of the few things in this life over which we have total control is our own attitudes . \ " - < PROPMALE > Rohn " 
\The truth will set you free but first it will probably piss you off . \ " - < PROPFIRST > MacPherson . " 
I wish I owned Pretty Woman ! I so want to watch it right now ! I Love < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > movies ! 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? Well , here's a task for you ... I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met . I mean our first encounter ever . Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . Fun to read some history ! 
I hate fractions !! That's why I'm not getting so far on studying . 
If I want to finish my math by the middle of May , I've really got to start studying . So I need to spend less time on the computer and more time studying ! 
Reading Pride and Prejudice , and I've got to say , I hate Mr. Collins !! He's such a jerk ! 
I get to go to Pocatello next month !! I'm so excited ! I miss my family so much ! I get to drive part of the way too ! 
I added some old pictures I found of family and stuff . Just because I can . 
I just watched The Blind Side and it was ssoo good ! 
I just watched the Back to the Future Trilogy . Wow confusing ! 
Just watched The Young < PROPFEMALE > ! It was awesome . Not as boring as I thought it would be . 
Just watched 7 hours of the first season of Bones ! 
Leaving for Pocatello in the morning . For an entire week . Hopefully I will get some studying done , and have fun seeing moms side of the family . I will most likely have zero access to a computer , let alone the internet . 
So glad to be home . I had alot of fun in Pocatello but nothing beats being home ! 
Oh I hate the flu . I spent all of yesterday so sick I could barely walk . And it would take me 20 minutes just to get up . Thank God it only lasted 24 hours . 
I hate allergies ! 
I voted for the very first time today ! Kind of exciting getting to use the right that we fought for . 
There seems to be a misunderstanding that I'm graduating this year . I haven't finished my GED yet . I still have my math test which will be completed by the end of the summer . 
Stupid allergies ! With the sneezing and the headaches ! Guh ! 
I love and hate technology at the same time . Our stupid computer is having issues . Took me 10 minutes to get the internet to work . 
Congrats to all the seniors who graduated !! Good luck in the real world ! 
Finally got my hair cut short , My head feels 5 pounds lighter . 
Nothing like a good thunderstorm . I love it ! 
Needs an < PROPFEMALE > tree for Farmville . 
Came home from the Kenley family reunion in < PROPMALE > today , and I'm exhausted . But man did I have fun . 
I have a huge headache , my nose is stuffy , I'm tired and my throat hurts so bad , I hate being sick ! 
Didn't visit the festival at all this week , but when I went into my room I could hear the carnival rides and performers , that was plenty enough for me ! 
Just watched Dear < PROPFIRST > , and wow what an amazing movie . 
Finally finished Pride And Prejudice after months of trying to read it and understanding it . Next : Sense and Sensibility ! 
Watched the movie Ghost for the first time , aside from having seen the end once . I'd have to say its a pretty good movie . 
I like Twilight but man am I tired of seeing it everywhere I go ! Almost every clothing store has them , fast food , Wal-Mart , etc ... It's starting to get old . But that's just my opinion . 
Read A Walk To Remember and now I'm very disappointed in the movie . I loved it but the movie is nothing like the book , they changed everything but like 4 things . If your gonna make a movie out of a book at least keep it somewhat true to the original idea . 
Riddle me this , riddle me that , whose afraid of big black bat ! 
Stupid broken useless camera ! =( 
It's really irritating when I go out to do my laundry and someone decided to use my designated day of the week . I never use their day . Why is it that no one can seem to follow the rules in this place ? 
Oh how I love days like these where it's not warm but it's not cold . Bring on fall . 
If you think about it if you don't notice how odd and embarrassing your family is because the weird and insane things they do are so incredibly normal to you that you don't even notice , even though everyone around you notices but yourself because you are most likely just as insane as they are . 
Still have my stupid math test for my G.E.D left to do . Which is taking FOREVER !! Ugh I hate math , with a passion ! 
Stupid Allergies ! 
Re-ready Eclipse just for the heck of it . And because I've already forgotten about half of what happens in it . But nothing beats curling up with a good book on the weekends . And hanging with awesome friends you haven't seen in forever . 
I think I am growing !!! I've gone from being an inch taller than mom to now like 4 inches taller . AAHH !!! I don't want to grow . I like my height . Unless Mom is shrinking . 
Finally finished re-writing my stupid unorganized math notes , now all I have to do is finish everything else . This is taking longer than I care for . 
Off to Dad's in Boise , than Friday to < PROPMALE > to see family . I'm very excited just because I never go up there so soon before Thanksgiving . Yay ! And family reunion was barely even 2 months ago ! 
Back in Boise noq , got here about four and a half hours ago . Had lots of fun in < PROPMALE > . Played games , went to City of Rocks for a picnic , saw family . Down side , got a very bad tooth ache , but Tylenol is helping that !!!! 
Stupid toothache . Why do you torment me so !!! 
Watching Pushing Daisies via Netflix ! Love this show so much . A crime show that's funny . Perfect ! 
Shall be home to Weiser by tomorrow night ... Sadly I miss my < PROPFEMALE > . Once I'm home I probably will want to strangle her ! 
Off to sleep now , gotta get up early to get ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s Wedding and leave by noon-ish ! 
Am back from < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s beautiful wedding . Had so much fun . Next stop chinese food !!! 
Uhg I hate it when I have a ton of laundry to do and need to clean my room but I just don't feel like cleaning !! 
MMM !! Nothing like a good warm hot cup of green tea !!! 
Just got scared by our car . I tried to unlock the door with the remote thing and it wouldn't work so I used the key and the moment I opened the door I set off the car alarm and for a minute couldn't get it off until I started the car . And all I wanted was to get a CD out of the car !!!! And in the process woke up everyone in the neighborhood ! 
Just finished transfering all my music to my somewhat new laptop that Daddy gave me . Thank you Daddy , I love it ! 
Went to the doctors today , for a check up and to re-new my sleeping meds . Took my blood which I hate and got a EKG also just to see if my heart is doing good . Which it is . I'm healthy just need to lose a little weight because aparently the meds made me gain weight which is something my other doctor forgot to mention to look for . 
Ah new neighbors ... Oh how anoying and loud they are , all day if it's not music , it's jumping around and making to much noise . AAHH it's never ending !!! I want some piece . Now that is the downside of an apartment building . Especially if they moved in right above us !!!! 
For some reason is really wanting to watch movies set in the 1700's . Like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , The Duchess , and The Young < PROPFEMALE > . Hhhmmm !!!! 
If I go into my room I can hear the football game . An occational cannon , the announcer and even cheering ! I don't even have to go to the game to know whats happening . 
Eating out of a jar of Nutella . Mmm Yummy goodness of Hazelnuts , Skim milk , and Cocoa . Its good for me and tastes great !!! 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
Had fun with Kassy today . Went to Dennys and talked for hours !! Ah I love when we do that . 
It's Raining !!!!!!! 
Finally figured out what I want to do when I finish my Ged . Sign up for classes at TVCC in Photography . I'm good at it and I love photography . 
Staying up reading Lord of the Rings : The Fellowship of the Ring . It's almost as good as the movie . Which is a good thing . 
Saw a mouse today on the patio , my cat was trying to go for it but unfortunatly she had a sliding door between her and the vermin . Maybe she is useful for more than we give her credit for . 
NON-PET OWNERS who visit our homes and complain about our pets : 1 ) Theylive here , you don't . 2 ) If you don't want hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . This is why it's called ' fur'-niture . 3 ) I love my pets more than I like most people . 4 ) To you they are just animals , ..... but to me they are my kids who are short , hairy , walk on all fours and don't talk back ! Re-Post if you love your pets ? 
Was curious how all the traditions of Halloween started so I looked it up . Interesting how it started with carving turnips to scare evil spirits away to carving funny faces on a pumpkin . And in some places kids would sing or something to earn their treat . 
Theres nothing like curling up with a good book and a hot cup of tea on a rainy day . 
One year in this apartment , yesterday . Hard to believe . Maybe soon we can paint or something . 
Studying my math G.E.D. test . Finally figured out what it stands for . General Education Development . I'm to Lesson 8 . After skipping Lesson 7 because I will go back and do that last because I suck at fractions . 
My iPod is possessed ! I'm across the room and I suddenly hear music and when I pick up my iPod it's on but the song that is playing is not the song that it says it is . It was playing a < PROPFIRST > Swift song when the screen said it was the Pussycat Dolls . Hhhmmm . Kinda freaky !!! 
It's funny how I can understand my math better when I'm teaching myself just from a book than when a teacher taught it to me in a classroom . 
Spent the day reading my book . Halfway through the first Lord of the Rings book . Pretty good but the movie doesn't seem to be as true to the book as I would have hoped . Which is kind of sad but there are parts that didn't really matter . Like the crazy guy singing in the < PROPMALE > . Lol . 
Got back into Boise yesterday from < PROPMALE > . Feels good to be home but the weekend was alot of fun . Bowled with the cousins , had < PROPMALE>'s amazing spaghetti sauce , and just had fun seeing everyone . 
Put some new kind of lotion on my face and had a slight allergic reaction to it . Which is quite anoying at 3 in the morning . 
Woke up to snow sticking to the ground , a stuffy nose and a sore throat , for me winter has already started ! 
Finally getting over this stupid cold . I swear I've sneezed like 10 times today . And saw the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie with Kassy and < PROPFIRST > . 
Still have me stupid cold . It's better but if I sneeze one more time my nose will fall off . But at least by head doesn't feel like a helium balloon . 
Going to Grandma Kenley's house for 2 weeks . Just to stay and help with things . 
Grandma's was pretty fun but nothing beats being home , well one of them anyway . Also got a new phone today , Yay !! A Kin Two with a touchscreen . Downside I keep pushing the wrong buttons and hanging up on people and what not . 
Sweet ! I can check facebook from my phone ! Took me an entire day to figure it outA 
Thank You to everyone for all the Birthday wishes !!!!!! 
Thank God for my Kindle !!! It's the best technology I have ever owned !! 
If I have to endure one more day of the noise in this apartment building I'm gonna smack one of those kids . Seeing as I'm an adult that isn't an option . I wake up to kids bouncing around and it goes on for about 5 hours . For two weeks with not one day of peace . AAHH to many headaches !!!! 
Spent the day reading and eating sunflower seeds !! Mmmm !!! I love when I find a really good book I just can't put down . Even better , 5 in a series ! 
Amazing how much I dislike this apartment building . The people upstairs decided to wash their sliding door on their balcony but instead of Windex or a mop they took a bucket of water and threw it on the door 6 times . While doing that the water dripped off the side and between the cracks off our sliding door causing it to drip into our apartment . And to add to that they r really loud ! The joys of apartment life ! 
AAHH !! I broke my glasses . All I was doing was cleaning them . And one of the side things that hold up the glasses just broke off . And I'm out of contacts lol . So pretty much everything at least 3 feet away is blurry . 
Had so much fun with Kassy yesterday . We saw Tangled at this really cool theater in Nampa . You can order food and theres tables in the actual theater area . 
Why is it that theres a sign in our laundry area saying don't use powdered detergent but someone in this apartment fails to follow . And I swear they use half a box of it cause its everywhere , caked on the machine , inside where u put clothes and on the floor and table . It's like that every week . I love this apartment but am so over the people living in 2 of the other apartments . 
Finally ! My hair is cut short and it feels amazing ! It literally feels like weight has been lifted off my shoulders lol . 
Oh how I love the rain . I am eagerly waiting for spring to officially be here . Than the grass will be green again and flowers will grow . 
So pretty much I will be living in < PROPMALE > , Idaho with my Grandma Kenley . She has had heart failure and is on an oxygen tank and can't be home alone anymore . Assisted living is to expensive and she doesn't want to go to a nursing home . I might be there a few weeks or even half a year . I leave on Saturday . 
I passed my Driving Test !!! So hopefully tomorrow I can go take the written part and finally have my license . 
I now have internet . Here's a challenge . You try to explain what the internet is to you're 90 year old grandmother . 
Is going ice skating tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > and a few of her friends . It's gonna feel great to get out somewhere for a while . And I Love Ice Skating !!! It's a sport that lets you fall on you're butt and its still okay !! 
Great I move away from a town to another town exactly the same size and yet < PROPMALE > is more boring than Weiser . I didn't think that was possible . And I miss the sound of a train in the middle of the night . Somehow that's soothing . 
Went to < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight and it was fun . There was a random dance party in the garage . Even if I didn't join in Lol . I'm not much of a dancer . 
I don't get why people use a tragedy like an earthquake and tsunami to scam people for money ! There are people suffering and some creep wants to con someone for profit when the person giving the money just wants to help those who really need it . 
I so wish it would get warmer and the wind would stop so I can get out and walk around < PROPMALE > . I hate being cooped up all day long . 
Stupid Tv in my room won't work . It was working 3 hours ago but no when I have the time to watch something it decides not to turn on . Tech-nol-ogy !!! 
Oh Great !! Baseball season !! So now every evening I get to watch baseball and no offense to anyone who likes it but it's sssooo boring !!!! Even some of the people in the stands look bored . 
Went to a bookstore today in Burley called The Book Plaza . It was awesome new books and old books gallor . I bought Wuthering Heights . Which I've always wanted to read ! I have a feeling I will be spending more money there in the not so distant future . I can finally support my book addiction . 
Yay !!! My scentsy warmer came today . Now my room smells like a thunderstorm !! I Love It !! 
