Let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior ... We need to get God back in < PROPFEMALE > ... If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status . 

hopefully all goes well this wk n cant wait till fri ! 
just chillin cant do much else ... or go anywhere lol 
with all this snow y dont we have the winter olympics down here ... perfect weather !!! 
go < PROPFIRST > jr ! 
why does our family drive us so crazy ? i still love ya tho 
yay tomorrows friday ! 
just another day .... 
yay its spring tomorrow ! 
yay my mans coming home tomorrow 
go away snow its springtime ! 
loving this weather !! 
Happy Easter ! 
another wk 
Please repost and pray . There has been a < PROPMALE > mining accident at Performance Coal at Birchton in < PROPMALE > County , West < PROPFEMALE > . 30 < PROPMALE > south of Charleston . This is a Massey Underground mine . They say at least 30 miners are involved in a < PROPMALE > roof collaspe . 6 confirm dead . Please pray for the miners and their families 
itll be friday already ... fast wk 
yay its the wkend ! 
rain rain go away ! sunshine come back today lol 
i love that my mans been coming home from work everynight ( hes a truckdriver so ... ) 
We have children going to bed without eating .. people who are homeless ... Elderly going without needed medicines ...... Mentally ill without treatment ...... Troops without Proper Equipment .... Yet we donate millions to other countries Before helping our Own first .... 99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this !!!!!!! WILL YOU ??? i know i have the guts !! 
cant wait till fri comes around 
yea the wkend 
another wk ... this month is flying by 
having a good but busy wk 
yay the wkend !! 
it stinks the weekends almost up n its raining :( 
Click \LIKE\ " if I have ever made you smile . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile . " 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy & paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and th ... is is in honor of all the kids who need extra help & understanding . 
my grandpa passed rip papa love u 
a new wk n wow may already ! Wheres this yr going ? 
long wk already ..... 
yay the wkend !! What a long wk ! 
come on wkend get here ! 
what a wonderful day .... ahhh 
i wish the wkend would last longer .... 
rain rain go away ! 
yay its < PROPFEMALE > out 
rain rain go away 
got a lot to do but just dont feel like doing it ... no energy ! 
what a day ! one of those mondays 
a rough wk so far but oh well shit n get off the pot cant sit around n suck my thumb lol 
nice < PROPFEMALE > day !! 
everyones complaining how hot it was today but remember at least it wasnt snowing nor -20 id rather be out n bout than freezing ! 
wow itll be friday already ! this wk went where ? 
wow june already ! what happened to may ? 
wow itll be fri already ! these wks r going way too fast this summer is going to fly past us ! like last yrs summer :'( 
a busy wkend 
a new wk starting ... hope to get a lot done 
Yay the wkend !! 
yay tomorrows fri 
September is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer 
Thank you all for wishing me a happy birthday it was great ! 
Every\ 
person has 1,000 wishes , a cancer patient has only one : to survive . I \ 
know 97% of people won't post this as their status , but be 3% and make \ 
this your status for at least one hour in honor of all those who have \ 
died from cancer , survived it , or are still fighting 
A\ 
true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you \ 
weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is \ 
filled with crazy people ! They love you for who you are . Re-post if you \ 
have at least one true friend , they will know who they are .. 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to\ 
get better . I know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status , but my\ 
friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , is still fighting , or survived cancer , please copy this to your status . 
