Oh boy , another week , and this one is starting to suck already . 

“A good solution applied with vigor now is better than a perfect solution applied ten minutes later . ” 
“A good solution applied with vigor now is better than a perfect solution applied ten minutes later . ” General < PROPFIRST > S . Patton Jr. 
“If everybody is thinking alike , then somebody isn't thinking . ” General Patton 
“It’s the unconquerable soul of man , not the nature of the weapon he uses , that insures victory . ” General Patton 
“Live for something rather than die for nothing . ” General Patton 
“Wars may be fought with weapons , but they are won by men . ” General Patton 
\Never tell people how to do things . Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity . \ " General Patton " 
WHOOOT !!!! IT HAILED FOR LIKE , 2 MINUTES !... 
WOOOOT !!!! IT HAILED FOR 2 MINUTES !... and I got into a bus accident yesterday . ( srry for repeat and everyone is ok ) . 
\Wars might be fought with weapons 
Uh ... blah , blah , blah , bicker , bicker , bicker , that's all these two ever do . I dont know why i sit through it anymore . Oh well , im leaving to see IRON MAN 2 soon . 
Oh , so weak , long night at camp , then I walk from < PROPMALE>'s to my house , and soon we shall be going to the Fort < PROPMALE > Mall . 
I'll be honest , I wish there was more camp tommorrow . I'm bored . 
sigh ... it's 3:30 in the morning , im bored , and worse still , im wide awake 
All right , I got a couple hours of sleep and I gots me some Pizza Rolls , so everythings good . 
Well , it's 4:30 in the morninning . At least I feel like I can go to bed this time . 
Wow , Naughty Bear is definately one the weirder and more entertaining games I've ever played . \Total Defluffication ! \ " ( said while ununciating the vowels ) " 
Trying to make a purple and black shiny Chao is going to take a while , especially if I want it to make it a Chaos Chao . 
well , it's almost 3 o'clock and I just woke up ... what do I do now ? 
????????. I'm bored , so let's see who can figure out what that says . 
???? ? ?? ??????? ???????? ? ??????????? ???, ??? - ?? ?????????? ? ???????? ????? ? ?????????????? ??????? ???? ... ? ?? ???? ?. 
I think Mythbusters has proved that Duct Tape has been blessed by God . There is almost nothing it cant do . 
Woot , I just got all 35 characters on Brawl ... again ! 
You Only Live Once ... I wonder how long it'll take to grow grass on the grave ? ( flash game ) . 
Woot , i not only got my first 360 but I got the new one that recently came out to . 
The cake is a lie !... I miss my companion block , she was my bestest friend . 
My phone is finally alive again and i get to visit a college next Wed . Better yet , it's the college i've been wanting to go to . So , yay for me 
Halo Reach is the best Halo ever made ! 
Went to Fort < PROPMALE > ( again ) and played laser tag ( again ) , and now I get to play Halo for school ! :P 
Can't find the PS2 so I'm gonna play Brawl instead . 
Playing Fable III right now and finished playing the 2nd greatest shooter game ever COD : Black OPS 
Ok , ive been playing CODBO for over 5 hrs . now , i kinda have to say it's better than Halo Reach , but still not better than Goldeneye 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If u comment this , you must copy and paste this as your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 
Hoorah ! It's snowing ! And most likely no school tomorrow ! 
Broke my arm last wednesday , feels much better since then and i get to see the doctor again a week from now to see how its healing . 
I'm a little freaked out being here at < PROPMALE>'s ... the wind passing by his house sound like the bloodcurdling screams of a little girl . I'm starting to think , should I be scared ? 
