I will be away from Chicago till the middle of August , working at a Boy Scout camp . I will try to periodically check my email/facebook , but it will be very infrequent ( less than once a week , most likely ) . If you need to contact me immediately , call the Ch 

Upon crossing the skyway , as I viewed glow of my Home City after 9 weeks , I couldn't help but wonder at the sensation within my chest . Upon further investigation , I discovered that I had , in fact , left part of my soul in Michigan . 
INstead of going to the OSA picnic , I am going to < PROPFIRST > McCright's court of honor ( which I found out about at 1am yesterday ) . Congrats on getting Eagle , < PROPFIRST > . 
Yeah for helping out at Connor Flynn's eagle project ! Then I saw Bandslam . Was interesting . Nothing earth shattering , but entertaining nonetheless . 
I have been sick since wednesday . Such festering hatred have I for illness . Then , because I was in such a good mood , I decided to actually tr and get something done , ie plan for the coming year , start to arrange for meeting with people I need to meet with , figure out what I am to do with my life ... ' Tis most depressing . 
spent his day On a Boat ( with his aunt and uncle , to be precise ) . Also , will be back at OSR next weekend for more hard labor ( yeah , roofing ) . Looking Ahead : Realized that he owns skis now , and can ski ridiculous amounts this winter . God Bless < PROPFEMALE > , and all it's snowy mountains majesty . 
Operation Squatter-No-More(Geoff moves into his apartment ) began at 1900 hours . Phase one ( clothes delivery ) is complete . Tomorrow at 0930 Phase two ( inspect , catalog , adjudicate ) will commence . 
got a new phone . I feel as though I got ripped off by AT&T somehow . There was this ridiculous junk rebate that wasn't really a rebate but allowed them to tack more money on a phone , and my old phone is useless with a sim card , so I can't use it as a camera or mp3 , and the new phone case is made on one side so that the charger doesn't fit , and it's retarded . * sigh * . Should've done verizon .... 
Oh , and P.S. < PROPMALE > Kennedy was not a stand up guy , as stand up guys don't drive drunk , crash into a lake , leave their 28yr old female passenger in said car , flee the scene , and not call for any help until the next day . The girl drowned slowly in that car , was down there for at least two hours , and the whole thing was covered up and forgotten because he was a Kennedy . The Chappaquiddick incident , wikkipedia it . 
Off to Owasippe this weekend . Yay roofing ! Hope it doesn't rain , but if it does , I won't curse the heavens , as it is my policy to avoid telling the Lord His business when it comes to manipulating weather and such . You know , butterfly flaps its wings and all . 
Wow . Every time I spend time on facebook , I get this feeling that its mocking me . I keeping seeing adds for single girls , dating services , etc . Really ? Even facebook thinks I'm pitiful ? * sigh * As much as I love ads geared toward the consumer , sometimes the old random assortment is preferable , methinks . 
Pandora is AMAZING . Now they just need to make it the true sum of all music . 
Leaving on a mini-cation to Florida tomorrow . Will be back by the 13th . Should be reachable via my cell phone . Disney ftw . 
Returns from Flo-rida . Now to bed , in preparation for the epic battle tomorrow : Geoff and < PROPFEMALE > vs . the Dreaded < PROPMALE > Properties ( dun dun DUH ! ) Who Shall be victorious ? Tune in next time ! 
has high colesterol , according to the lab results from his recent physical . My 61 year old father is healthier than I am . * sigh * 
I imagine that hearing \Ode To A Small Lump Of Green Putty I Found In My Armpit One Midsummer Morning\ " would make me feel very much the way I feel right now . " 
Love my igoogle quotes today : \The only way to be truly misogynistic is to be a woman . - < PROPFIRST > K . Milholland \"" 
IT'S DECIDED : Chicago will NOT be hosting the Olympics . I must say , I'm actually pleased . Had we received the ' honor ' it would have been an opportunity for graft and corruption unparalleled in our history . Every alderman would have become < PROPMALE > as a < PROPMALE > , what with all the building contracts , and Daley would have led the pack . Now , he will have to cover his tookus . Teehee ! We might even see a < PROPMALE > public backlash . 
I finally brought my new computer to my apartment from my home . It's a corei7 monster that I built myself from scratch . Geforce gtx285 graphics board . 16 gigs of ram . Now all it needs is an OS . Windows 7 , ho ~ ! 
So , I was gonna be spending my weekend at a BSA camporee running my paintball range this weekend . BUT , since there are less than 50 scouts coming , they canceled the paintball aspect . Bad Side : I don't get to go to the camporee . Bright side : i don't have to setup up and then take down the whole range again . * sigh * Silver lining .... 
worries tat e's getting sick . I just love it that the Flu vaccine makes you get the flu . At least I scheduled it for early in the quarter . 
The stairs to my apartment are broken . Or rather , one of them is . Been a gaping whole since yesterday . No sign of any repair , no caution tape , nothing . Just a safety hazard . This proves once again that < PROPMALE > is the slumlord of Hyde Park . 
Wowsers bowsers , Batman ! I went a whole week without checking facebook ! I was worried I was getting addicted there fore a while . On an unrelated note , if you girl friends is being stalked by a demon , DON'T ANTAGONIZE IT , JUST HIRE A DEMON SLAYER ALREADY . Or go live in a church . * sigh * ( saw Paranormal Activity . Didn't sleep much last night . ) 
Newsflash World : There is a such a thing as objective truth . So just accept it , and move on . 
When the Zombiepocalypse happens , you'll need to react quickly . Unfortunately , if it occurs on a friday or saturday night , lots more people will be caught unawares ( cuz they're inebriated ) than would be on a weekday . But me ? I'm always prepared . I'm no fool , y'see . Them zombies'll not get me ! Which is why I'd like to propose a new ad campaign : \My anti-drug ? Zombie preparedness . \"" 
Just drove back from owasippe and boy are my arms tired . Oh wait , I told it wrong . Darn . 
I didn't think this would work , but it did : THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Wow . I didn't think the quizes on this site could get any worse . I stand corrected . 
is dispirited by Machiavelli . Never fear though , as I shall overcome him in time . 
Yoyo . In hyde park tonight ( t-day < PROPFEMALE > ) . Wanna < PROPFEMALE > ? My digits is on my info < PROPFEMALE > . Peace . 
Happy T-day folks . 
< PROPFIRST > Segal is a cop . For real . I ... I don't know what to think about that . 
Anyone wanna go skiing with the Boy Scouts on < PROPFIRST > 2 @ Grand < PROPFEMALE > resort ? Lift pass for 4-10pm . $24 w/skiis , $34 w/out . Free lesson available . Call/email/tackle me for more info . 
Reading \On Combat\ " By Grossman . You should all go read the chapter on sleep . Yeah . " 
Dragon Age : Origins -- More awesome than Dark Vader , more addictive than crack on a stick . 
\Character is acknowledged to be of greater importance than mere book instruction for citizen efficiency . And yet no practical scheme exist for its inclusion in education to even an equivalent extent . \"-- Lord Baden-Powell ( Too true . I itend to change that . ) " 
Done ! ( Wow , < PROPFIRST > Eddings Jr. flashback . ) Finals , you are over now . 
Wrote a heartfelt letter to his downstair neighbor , who smokes in the hallway , asking him to not . If unsuccesful , the next step is WAR . DESTRUCTION SHALL BE REIGN ! HE WILL RUE THE DAY HE DEFIED MY WI -- *cough * er-hem . Sorry bought that . I don't know what came over me . I blame it on public schooling . 
Going skiing in Utah . Back on the 28th . 
I wanted to thank all those who took the time to wish me well on my birthday . May the Lord bless you and yours with fortune and happiness in the coming year . 
Ah , how I have missed superior VHS technology . On a completely unrelated note , Human Weapon is highly entertaining . 
Life UNexpected : Unexpectedly good . ( i'm sure no one's used that turn of phrase before . ) 
Anyone need a place to stay for spring quarter ? One of my roomates is moving abroad for spring . Only $500 a month , you'd have a private bathroom , and it's accross the street from Ratner . Interested ? Call me ! ( cell is on info < PROPFEMALE > ) (* Smokers need not apply . Sorry , asthma . ) 
Dragon Age Origins : Just as good on the replay as it was the first time through . Actually , i lied ; it's better . 
thinks there has been far to many earthquakes as of late , and moves that everyone stop moving and jumoin around all crazy and just SIMMER DOWN . You're all setting a bad example for the Earth . 
everyone around me is getting sick . Hopefully , the next step is not death followed by rising from the grave to shamble about . It would be just my luck to be one of the survivors in the zombie apocalypse . Tell ya what , I'm gonna stock up on shotgun shells , just in case you all feel a hankering for brains . Don't worry , you won't feel a thing . 
I just discovered , to my dismay , what kids in college nowadays think is appropriate behavior concerning intimate relationships . It was the most worrying experience I've had in the past five years . I fear that the social fabric of our nation may not be able to weather the coming storm . Have the virtues of temperence , honesty , commitment , and integrity been discarded as detritus from a bygone < PROPFEMALE > ? 
has the dentist tomorrow . I'm so excited . -_- Really . 
Showers that have consistent water temperature are dumb . My shower is the best ; it constantly shifts from freezing cold to scalding hot . I'm sure it's actually training me to be a ninja , watching for danger around every corner , ready for a dagger from the shadows at all times . In summary : regular showers are for the weak . Ninja showers are for the truly hardcore . 
This week I think I will ... write a Bachelor's Thesis ? Yup . That sounds good . 
The world has been stalking me lately . I think I'll have the locks changed on my doors .... 
didn't realize today was april fools until Topeka popped up . 
Just read kick-ass graphic novel . On a completely unrelated note , I no longer want to see the movie . 
Is sick . As if this is actually news ... 
Japanese makes me cry on my inside parts . 
My life is trying to pull a 180 , and in a perhaps futile attempt to power through my backslide and turn it into forward motion , I intend to try and work this weekend . Move along , aar ... 
Apparently , whistles are actually torture devices . Who knew ? 
The purpose of government is not to make people happy , it is to provide them with safety and order such that they have the ability to make themselves happy . 
Oh , and on a side not , I think < PROPFIRST > de Tocqueville is the first frenchman I've ever really liked . We really should make him an honorary american . 
Coheed & Cambira are amazing . I love pandora .... 
My Saturday : 9:30 am Wake up sick . 10:15 am Work on Sosc paper . 9:50 pm Finish sosc paper . 10:15 pm finish downloading new bleach episode , only to discover that BLEACH IS NO LONGER IN FILLER !!!!!!!! conclusion : Today is a good day . Thank you God for the small things .... 
Lysol made a touchless handsoap so that you don't get the germs from your soap dispenser . Thing is , the antibacterial soap from a standard soap pump would theoretically kill the germs gotten from touching it , no ? So , in effect , Lysol has invented a hole to throw your money into . It just happens to smell like spring breeze and mountain lavender . Yay capitalism . 
$18.5 million ? That's absurd . We really need to limit the selection pool for juries . Alternatly , lets make everyone smarter by improving public education . When we negelct education , this kinda stuff happens . Well , this , and O.J. getting acquited . * sigh * One of these days , when our legal system implodes , I will laugh mockingly at it . 
Is it just me , or are there more furries now than there were , say a couple years ago ? Are the furries gaining power ? Should I start packing my long term evacuation supplies in preparation for the furry uprising ? 
My weekend disapeared in a nervous , anxiety laden haze as I scrambled to relearn 20 weeks of japanese . My soul cries out still , as I plod onward through the muck and haze that is my mind , knowing that if I do not , I shall be swallowed up . ( translation : Japanese midterm on Tuesday . Banzai ! ) 
JSM's On < PROPFEMALE > ftw ! Ah , I'm enjoying sosc 3rd quarter so much more than I enjoyed 2nd quarter . 
only 15 pages ( minimum ) to go . wooug . ( tried to woot , but just didn't have it in me . ) 
OMG , SUPER MANIACL LOL COPTER . A full draft of my BA is complete and has been turned in for the final round of criticism before the real deal . I'm expecting a red ink storm , and hope to be able to pick up soemthing resembling a thesis from the wreckage , but for now it's DONE . Ah , if only I didn't feel like my soul just went thtorugh a blender . 
scav is like crac , but less healthy . Also , slightly less expensive . Will I be able to limit my intake ? We shall see ... 
Saturday , May 8th : Wake up at 8am , pack tools , and head to South Campus Residence Hall for Scav . Sunday , may 9th : Return home after judging ( though i left before the winners were announced ) , eat your first meal in 17 hours , and go to sleep . SCAV HUNT 2010 . 
yay to sudden , debilitating nausea . I hope it's not food poisoning . 
Subway lied ot me on their website . As a result , I trecked all over hyde park for an hour whilst starving and generally feeling like crap , which , incidentally , is why I didn't go to ACEN today . This week sucks . 
Please put this on your status if you know or \ 
are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated bythe \ 
Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is thatpeople will understand that the Empire is a \ 
band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wantsonly to bring peace to \ 
the galaxy , but the evilempire continues to kill innocent ... civilians . \ 
93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status forat least \ 
one hour ? 
DEAR UNIVERSITY : You should build a climbing wall on campus so the climbing club doesn't ask for a billion dollars to subsidize trips to verticle endeavors and climb on . I'm just sayin , it's not like the U of C wouldn't be made more tons awesome by this simple addition . 
I just met with my BA faculty advisor to hear his opinion on my draft . He liked it . He actually liked it . Basically , I fix up one section and I'm done . I might really graduate . \ 
I think I'm in shock . 
Geoff's phone went ' splode . So he tried to fix it . Ended up resetting it to factory settings . One the plus side , it works . On the minus I have no one's number . So , if you have the < PROPMALE > , just send me a text at ( 312 ) 213-6592 with your full name so I can re-add you to my phone's contact list . 
it is still bloody 90 degrees in my room , even though outside the temp is 20 degrees cooler . Computer , you are awesome , but you generate too much heat ... 
I want super powers . Anyone have any radioactive insects or gamma radiation on hand ? 
Geoff should be on the road to owasippe . Instead he is trying to finish his bachelor's thesis . 
Wow . I didn't realize it would take so long to proofread 52 < PROPFEMALE > s . Nine hours of work later , and I relize I've acutally increased the < PROPFEMALE > count to 53 . I should be in Michigan right now ... 
I finished my bachelor's thesis . And here I thought the stress would be less , now . I kind of feel like throwing up . 
Glass half empty : It's quite hot , and my apartment has no air conditioning , so I'm distinctly uncomfortable . \ 
Glass Half full : It's preparation for camp , so SUCK IT UP , FAT KID ! 
I creak when I move , and back hurts . I grumble constantly about the darn druggy kids and their rap musics , and take more prescription drugs than a suburban housewife ( and mine are legit . ) And my hair is turning grey . All of this leads me to declare that I am officially a 23-year-old old man . Now get off my lawn . 
t-minus 12hours 15 minutes until Japanese final , i.e. the test that will determine whether or not I graduate . 
just finished college . Last test ever was this morning , last paper ever was emailed to prof 60s ago . If you think you hear any manic , celebratory yelling , ignore it ; I'm sure you're just hearing things . 
graduated . I know , I was surprised too . 
has been living in the forests of northern Michigan for 5 weeks now . Only five more before I'm back . * sigh * I wish camp lasted longer ... 
yay . geoff finally set up facevook mobile this weekend , so he can post from the < PROPMALE > ! thanks verizon ! 
is back from Camp ! For like three days . Then he goes back to camp for a week and a half to work his tookus off . Then he comes back to Chicago ! It's all p < PROPMALE > of a < PROPMALE > performance < PROPMALE > piece I call \Ping Pong . \"" 
So , I saw a trailer for Vampires Suck . Looks underwhelming , though at least one twilight fangirl is hit in the face with a shovel , and that right there is cause enough to see the movie . 
will be returning to Owasippe tomorrow ... oh wait , it's 12:52 . er-hem : returning to Owasippe this afternoon and will be there till the end of August . Building ! Painting ! Shelving ! Guns ! Who could ask for more ? 
has been back in Chicago for less than an hour and already wishes he was back in the forests of Western Michigan . 
oh humility ! Whenever , I rediscover you , you're just like having yours legs cut off below the knee : you always bring both pain and a shift in perspective . 
is sick . otherwise he'd be in michigan . sigh . 
there was never such a thing that caused more intra familial strife as the mother's guilt trip . what addled mother's mind gave birth to this abomination ? were it never to have beenl this world would be a far better place , methinks . 
Gonna see the Guardians this afternoon . The story's not supposed to be great , which will bother me , but I'm willing to see it just for the pretty owl animations . Ooooo .... feathery .... 
Geoff Has a tomtom , and a temporary job of taking care of a distant , dying relative . An eventful 24 hours it has been . 
i get better at changing diapers everytime . pretty soon , i will be able to do it blindfolded with one hand . \ 
and there's the urge to twss myself again ! 
Dear God : Thank you for catheters . 
didn't have the internet for THREE WHOLE DAYS and almost DIED becasue of it . Now he knows what the Amnish feel like and while they're all frowny . (* disclaimer : the aforetyped does not in any way reflect the beliefs of its typer , particulalry in regards to Amnish frowniness . ) 
Happy Oct 31 , yo . 
[ insert cryptic statement that you'll notice , devote exactly one moment of thought to , then disregard ( mildly annoyed that I was so opaque in my status update as to render it totally useless to you , but understanding that it was made more as a comfort to me , the poster , than to you the reader , by making me feel as though someone actually cares about my existence out there in the cold , harsh world of \the net \") here ] " 
Would like everybody to just calm down . Be cool . 
You really ought to give Iowa a try , provided you are contrary . 
Dear Reneker : you have too much craft stuff . I suggest you sell some of it on Ebay . Or perhaps , you can makes something huge with it all , then sell that on Ebay . Either way . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Geoff Gawne 
is way , WAY more excited about Disney's Tangled than < PROPMALE > Potter . \ 
WAY . 
I know why they call it Black Friday : Because I'm in morning for the deals that I won't get to in time , and the money I won't be able to save . Oh poor money , I wish you were still RIP ( resting in pocket ) . 
Tangled was amazing . Action ? Check . Comedy ? Check . Musical < PROPFIRST > ? Che -- WHAT ? \ 
That's right . You didn't misread it : Disney's Tangled is actually an animated musical . They just didn't < PROPMALE > it as one . Cuz they sly like that . \ 
Bravo , Disney . You successfully ninja'd my head listeners . 
This is why I so love quoting great men : though naught of them remains ' cept dust , the power of their unearthed principles persists , a clarion note above the clangor that so fills our lives ; resonating with our very souls in a way that lends them greater integrity , engendering character and wisdom in all who hear . A turn of phrase can turn the course of a life if the substance behind it is genuinely upright , virtuous 
Geoff Gawne is in high demand . He keeps getting asked to read bible verses and < PROPFEMALE > coffins . Who knew that this was my wheelhouse ? 
I am having minor surgery Saturday morning , and will be recovering and unable to do stuff/communicate for 4-5 days afterward . It is in no way life threatening . Well , unless the building falls on me . So , if you need to contact me desperately , call my house . That is all . 
So , my surgery went well . i'm recoverning alright . For those of you that wondered what it was , I decided to go full-furry , and have rabbit ears surgically attached to my head . Which , in hindsight , was probably not the best choice , as I'm surrounded by shotguns all summer long . I just hope that Michigan wabbit season doesn't overlap with camp .... 
Mothers : can't live with them . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Fey :\ 
You ( 30 ) rock my socks off . \ 
the English language 
Dear World :\ 
Stop being so blurry . \ 
Please . \ 
Geoff Gawne\ 
( I know it will happen , cuz I said please . ) 
My hair has started to go gray . Turns out , it runs in my mom's family . So , I am claiming my right to call anyone younger than me , and everyone up to three years older than me ' whippersnappers ' , ' hooligans ' , ' punks ' , and the like , forever . 
Spent his day wading through the million-text-entry-box swamp in his quest to apply to grad school . Which , of course , reminded him why he hadn't been keen on the whole grad school idea from the beginning . Only 8 billion steps left till I've completed my applications ... 
Forward motion is harder than it sounds . 
Gratz to Coach K and everybody from Duke . Now , if they just go undefeated , the game to surpass < PROPFIRST > Knight will be the ACC championship . And , according to my brother , that would be EPIC . 
thank you so much , everyone who posted on my wall . You really made my day , and i'm so thankful . i hope everyone has a phenominal new year , and hope that the coming year bring you only what is best for you . 
Worked all day , while sick . \ 
Hopefully , my efforts will not be in vain . 
officially submitted all his grad school apps today . In unrelated news , his coolness factor < PROPFEMALE > 243% today when he picked up his brand spanking new sun glasses . Unfortunately , his new coolness level is still below that of his younger brother . 
I want to wash my hands , my face , and hair with snow . Snoooow , SNOW ! 
That's right , world : I'm a finna gonna try and use facebook to keep in touch with people I don't see anymore . And what ?! Well , you can jes try and stop meh ! \ 
* This just in : 24-year-old found beaten to death by keyboard at his computer . Suicide ? More at 6 ! * 
Who hath mastered the < PROPMALE > of the storm window < PROPFEMALE > ? This one . Bow before me and quake in fear , drafty windows of the world ! 
I wish I was two people . Then I could be my own straight man . 
is leaving ( at 6am ) on a jet plane ... be back the 22nd ... 
bad news : your flight was cancelled\ 
good news : you've been put on a different flight\ 
bad news : you have to leave at 2am to make it to your new flight\ 
good news : you've taken another step towards learning to live without the crutch of sleep . 
Fear not Chicago , for I have returned ! 
Wait , I can use my sword ... ON HORSEBACK ?!? Twilight < PROPFEMALE > , you are the perfect cap to a successful day . 
Hm . Fancy that . I might have found a job I'm genuinely interested in doing until camp . Who'd a thunk it ? 
Every time I range master I learn . 
Hey Chicago : When the roads are covered in ice , DRIVE SLOWER . It's no wonder that there's a billion accidents on all the < PROPMALE > highways right now . 
me : Hey , you remember that guy with the whosamawhat ? \ 
other person : Whosamawhat ? \ 
me : Yes . It's closely related to the whatchamacallit , and less so tot he thingamajig . It's a technical term . \ 
other person : ... \ 
\ 
p.s. ????? ??????? ?? ????????. 
Bipartisanship : Either we figure out how to work together , or we're screwed . So lets dispense with the self righteous generalizations and demonizing personal attacks and get back to the business of making < PROPFEMALE > the shining beacon of hope , goodwill , and prosperity it ought to be . ( That goes for BOTH parties . ) 
World Book Day ! \ 
-Game Rules-\ 
Grab the book nearest to you and turn to < PROPFEMALE > 56 . Write down the 5th sentence . Don't choose your favourite book , choose the one nearest to you right now . Post the rules as your status and copy the sentence as your comment . 
A union worker , a member of the Tea Party , and a CEO are sitting at a table . \ 
In the middle of the table there is a plate with a dozen cookies on it . \ 
The CEO reaches across the table , takes 11 cookies , looks at the Tea\ 
Partier and says : \Look out for that union guy ; he wants a piece of your cookie . \"" 
joined the barefoot/minimalist shoe revolution ! Picked up some Vibram Five Fingers ( TrekSport ) from REI . Now I just need a minimalist hat to match . I was thinking a sport yamaka ... 
If you're into gaming , this isn't that difficult , and you could win free stuff . if not , don't bother . 
And now , in honor of St. < PROPFIRST>'s day , my most ridiculous impression of an Italian accent : \ 
Hey wedda man ! Whatsamattayou ? Makeupayou mind ! You shoulda stay warm , huh ? Itahurtatobreaf ! \ 
\ 
That's it . And you're welcome . 
joins the ranks of the employed . 
Parking downtown is exorbitantly expensive . I may need to start taking the metra to work simply so I can afford to go to work . 
Happy St. Witz Day ! 
