I would really like to go to college ! lol ! 

is chillin ' playing San < PROPMALE > ! 
Going to Longview on Thursday to spend x-mas with my dad . I hope it turns out ok . 
hoping things look up for me ! 
Happy New Year everyone 
My new years resolution is to let go of what I can`t control and let everything that happens to me ultimately make me a stronger and wiser person . POST comments and let me know what yours is ! 
Well my internet still works thank God . 
Just got back from Fast < PROPMALE>'s! Me and < PROPFIRST > played like 10,000 games of pool . I had a great time ! Looking forward to writing my new mixtape ! Keep hating bitches but remember I'm one of a kind ! 
Sitin at da mall ... prolly going to fedex office afterwards . 
Everyone loved \Let Me Find Out\ " ... i wish i could get ppl to appreciate my other music as much . " 
BEING WITHOUT A LAB BLOWS ! 
When they gng to notice me . I go hard on every verse 4real . 
Something we all adore , something worth dieing for , nothing but pain , stuck in this game , searching for fortune and fame ... 
Experiencing set backs trying to record my music . This happens everytime . 
In fort Worth ... trying to get some more equipment to record with ! 
Nuttin ' that ppl do surprizes me anymore ... strait up . 
God is great , beer is good , and people are crazy 
I go da ' hardest , flow so retarded , I'm discusted wit myself I mean uh where do I start ... haha . 
I'm checking out this college online that has special programs for audio production . They are supposed to send me information . I hope it's what it's cracked up to be ... 
I just created a Shadowscape Ent . myspace ... new beats will be uploaded weekly . 
I < PROPFEMALE > stopped to pay attention to certain things in my past . It sucks when you remember them ... I hate to dwell . 
I put my trust in God ... he's the only one willing to help me . 
I worked out yesterday for like 3 hours . \ 
haha . Ima get me a protein shake now . 
< PROPMALE > 11:13 - \If you then 
Just got done doing pull ups and curls . Trying to get cut !! haha . 
I can't change the mistakes that I've made in the past . All I can do is create a brighter future ! I'm far from perfect but I have a good heart and there is someone who deserves to see the dscent side of me . To the rest of you hatas ... you never deserved it ! 
Watching the MLB All-star game . Everything seems evenly matched right now . No score yet . 
I wish I could somehow understand other peoples ' inconsistent behaviour for just one day . 
It's been 3 years and I still can't believe you found your way back to me ! I ain't complaining at all tho ! I love you ! 
Everybody I know my age is in good health ... not me . 
Idgaf what anyone thinks about me period ! I'm a beast bitch ! If I really wanted to I could crush everyone in my way ! Hahahaha ! 
I wanna thank all the people that have stuck by me threw the years ! If it was for y'all I prolly wouldn't be here ... God Bless ! 
God has blessed me more times than I realize ... maybe I need to pay more attention . 
Be Careful what you wish for cuz you just might get it and when you get it you might not know what to do with it and it just might come back on you ten fold ... 
Producing some bangin ass beats to go on Da ' Pro-Cess mixtape ! Me and v3numb gonna murder em ! 
Life can break me down but my faith in God is my crutches ! 
\True strength is not dominance and tyranny ... it's is having a good heart regardless of what other people do to you . \ " - $pooky T " 
Went bowling with \the girlfriend\ " last night ... spending the weekend with her . " 
Steelers won their first game ! 15 to 9 ... hope they keep it up ! 
“Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death” - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Only God gives me the strength I need to proceed . 
I am what I am ... 
Shouts out to my \real\ " friends and loved ones . Yall know who you are . " 
\My hearts racing and my hands are swollen thinking about the paper I could be holdin ... picture me rollin\ " - Tupac Shakur " 
\Shadowcaust\ " definition - The eradication of wack hip-hop from the rap game . The rise of an aggressive and meaningful sub-genre . \ 
Planning on going to full sail university or the < PROPMALE > institute after I get my ducks in a row . 
No matter how bad I feel I gotta keep going ... 
The weather is perfect today ... wish I was fishing . 
It's a nice day today ... I just wish I had something to do . 
Everybody has their own opinions and theories on life ... everyone also has their own personality . Don't be prejudiced against mine just because yours is different . When you harbor only self righteousness you tend to weaken your image by looking down on others . 
I can't stand people ... 4real . 
You hold me inside your < PROPFEMALE > like a terminal stain on life , You condescend to my primal brain and twist me around like a knife , Can't begin to explain , The feelings I have restrained , Don't ask me how I am , Because you're too busy planning your epitaph , Let me tell you\ 
DON'T - try to be the ONE - person who has STAYED - just to say they never left me ! Aggravated , complicated , someone say it God , I never learn ... 
Bout to get ready to go on a date with my baby !! Going to Pancho's , Then to see Jackass 3D and Paranormal Activity 2 !! BTW : Changed my status to Single on accident , you ASSHOLES ! 
Got back from the movies a little while ago ... back to producing my beats again ! I'm content with that . 
Man that kid < PROPFIRST > Bieber actually has talent ! I thought he was just groomed to be a superstar ... not saying I'm a fan ... just saying he's a great artist . 
I just found out I have 2 heart murmurs ... after being told it's just anxiety for over 2 years . I was also misdiagnosed with pericarditis and asthma prior to this appointment . I still don't have a definite diagnosis but the doctor thinks I have multiple health conditions . Screw everyone that thought I was crazy !!!!! Burn hatas !!! 
Well I went to the ER for chest pain via ambulance just to get sent to the waiting room for 8 hours ! Then after waiting for that long they basically told me there was nothing wrong with me and totally contradicted what a doctor had told me earlier that day ! Oh yeah ... then they ordered the wrong diagnostic test ! 
I'm so sick of everything !!! Please believe me when I say I don't give a shit anymore ! 
I feel like crap as always ... I'm prolly going home this weekend . I just need some time alone to sort things out . 
I'm really ready to go home but I have to wait til next weekend . Gotta go to cardiologist soon ... Ima tuff it out til then cuz I'm a soulja . * I will prevail ! * 
For anyone who is considering renting or buying the new < PROPFIRST > Hood movie .... don't ... it sux bad ! 
Steelers vs . Saints ! oh Yeah !!! oh Yeah !!! 
I wish I had a cheeseburger ! oh Yeah oh Yeah ! lol . 
Going home either Sat . or Sun . Then going to the cardiologist . My car is legal ! I'm glad . 
Ok my ipod is officially M.I.A. I'm pretty sure I didn't loose it cuz it's extremely important to me so ... I'm pissed . Hopefully it'll turn up somewhere . 
Up Early this morning ... I finally got the game I purchased like 2 weeks ago up and running . Going home today ... never found my ipod . I miss it ! 
Cars fixed and I got a new CD deck installed . Feeling like crap tho ... mmmmm death . 
An enigma with a pen , feeling a little cold a distant again , like the winter breeze when it leaves your skin , \ 
on the most frigid day in the most frigid place , that's where you can all find me , \ 
please suffice my vice , which is here in the dark tranquil night , 
Been messing with my car pretty much all day . I had to be told to stop . lol . Now I'm making something to eat and about to go to bed . 
Just another day ... been tinkering around with my car . blah .... 
I'm at war with myself , torn between my Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde . 
Happy veterans day !! 
Going to bed ... gotta do yard work 2morrow . I'm thrilled . lol . 
My computer is going hay wire ! Sound drivers and usb drivers are corrupted . Tech ppl say its prolly not malware . I hope I can get it repaired ... its still under warranty . 
been laying around all day ... feel like hammered crap . 
What is wrong with the < PROPMALE > Rockets this season ? 
Well the holidays are almost here again . Got that sick feeling again . Hopefully this year something good will actually happen . 
Going to bed . I`m going to call Toshiba back tomorrow and tinker with my car if I feel up to it . 
for anyone whos needs guidance and answers check out www.doesgodexist.org . It helped me understand god so much better . 
bored outta my mind ... 
Got my hockey game on dvr . Gonna watch it tomorrow . 
bout to go to bed . 
In Big Oak ... it`s good to be outta the house . I don`t give a damn what hatas say ... I`m doing me . Trying to make everyday be a good day ! 
I feel like I`m on a different level than a lot of you cowards . haha ! Wait that`s cause I am . 
still in big oak ... had fun last night . Going home for thanksgiving . 
\I love you\ " contains 8 letters but so does bullshit . haha ! " 
Fixin to get fat and take a nap ... mmmmm . lol . 
Going home either today or tomorrow . I hope my computer is back from the shop when i get there . 
I`m thankful for still having ppl who care about me even tho my life has pretty much fallen apart . 
Can`t sleep for shit and I gotta be up at 9 in the morning ! 
Even tho Thanksgiving isnt all about Turkey ... I assume thats the best part . lol . 12 lbs . of smokey goodness ! 
I aint no middle man . I aint somebody`s fall back plan . I`m the one that is smart enough to make the rite choices for myself . I do things out of the kindness of my heart . I`m a beast bitch ... youll never defeat me . 
watching food network . I`m learning how to cook lobster ... the rite way . lol . 
Man hold up ..... pause ..... rewind . I cant really comprehend this right now . 
Ok so my computer was sent back but apparently not to my address ... 
Its that time of the year again ... fml . 
Reading reviews on Toshiba`s repair station and there joint contracts with ups . Apparently I`m one of mmmaaannnyyy who has had their comp . delivered to the wrong address . 
yeah i would do the whole cartoon profile pic thing but i can`t right now . 
I got my computer back finally . It`s repaired but now my modem doesnt work ... ha . Wat luck .... 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB til Monday , Dec . 6 . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
Working on beats for My Cup Runneth Over vol . 2 ... I don't think anybody can touch the mixtape I'll eventually put out . 
gotta pay my phone bill ... ahhh shucks . lol 
I hate talking to machines on the phone . They can never understand what you say ... ever . 
If your gonna hate ... do it quietly plz . Thank you . 
Girl the way you movin ' got me in a trance , \ 
Dj turn me up ladies this yo jam ( Come on ) , \ 
Imma sip mascato and you gon ' loose them pants , \ 
And Imma throw this money while you do it with no hands 
I recently thot up a rubix's cube punch line and now Lil < PROPMALE>'s talking about rubix's cubes on his new song with birdman . lol . What a coincidence . 
My punch line was better tho ... lol . 
Writing a song called \Entity\ " . Tha beat is so so sick . " 
If your gonna hate ... do it quietly plz . 
Been feeling like hammered crap so i took a nap . I just woke up and now i feel worse . 
I'm methodical ... spitting out pen and pad like an ink jet , 
Buffalo sux ... go steelers ! 
In a lot of pain ... 
I can't sleep so guess what I'm doing ..... making beats . 
I like fergie ... theres gotta be something wrong with me . lol . 
Ok I hate this # game thing but I have to do it for the most important person in my life . I love you # 072407 . We have been through so many ups and downs together and in the end I feel like it has made our bond stronger . You've stuck by me when I was down and you inspire me to keep moving . For that I will always love you despite our differences . 
I need to start taking omega-3 supplements hardcore . 
I just love how ppl try to make me feel guilt for dumb shit all the time . ( Not directed towards family on here ) . Your not perfect ... history proves it . Ppl ( all us of ) are hypocritical ... and yes that means you too . 
Watching < PROPMALE > Cook on comedy central . 
I need some hi-def sound fonts for FL Studio . The ones I have are ok but not hi-def . 
watching national lampoon's christmas vacation . It's old but still funny as hell . 
Apparently my lids order got deleted ... wth ? lol . 
I feel spoiled for once in my life lol ... thank you for all the gifts . You know who you are ... love you . 
Is everything in this world bs ? lol . Sure does seem like it . 
bored ... 
\Better hold on a little tighter here I go . \ 
I guess I'll continue to be misunderstood and misjudged . haha . oh well . No one can walk in my shoes but me and I need to wear them out . 
Looking for christmas gifts for ppl I love . Don't know if Ima be able to afford it tho . 
Just got home from the girlfriend`s house . I`m really greatful for my gifts . Ima do what i can in return . 
Put in an order for a Christmas present for someone extremely special . It should be here Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . Hopefully my payment will go threw without any screw ups . lol . 
I'm being put to work ... thank god . 
I'm really tired of feeling like this ... I wanna just give up but I'm not cuz I'm a soldier regardless of what anyone thinks . 
can't see the eclipse for nothing . Damn clouds ! lol . 
Did a bunch of building today . Really tired now ... 
I wanna go to Full Sail University so bad . 
Just woke up outta no where ... lol . Now I'm creating \$pooky T\ " merchandise on reverbnation . You can now download the entire $outhern Swag mixtape for 9.99 plus sales tax . Looks like a damn hoodie is gonna be 50 bucks tho . What a rip off . lol . " 
When all my efforts get me absolutely no where ... what`s the point . I give up ... im just going to continue to deal with this pain . Hopefully itll get better on it`s own ... prolly not tho . 
You learn something new everyday ... that's one of the things that makes an other wise boring existence more exciting ! 
What's with atheists constantly bashing on Christianity ? Don't they believe that you should keep your religion to yourself ? Doesn't that include not harping on other peoples ' religious preferences ? 
I give Call of Duty Black Ops a 10 on the fun scale . 
Playing Black Ops .... wish I could sleep but chest pain says no . 
Everybody always says \grow up ! \ " Well what is being grown ? The definition is pretty broad if you ask me . I know a lot of people who claim to be grown but still have some childish ways . I guess all being grown is is being able to take care of yourself but can anybody really take care of themselves at all times in their lives . No .... " 
Once again I wish I could sleep but chest pain says no . 
Got like no sleep last night ... if I go to sleep now tho I'll sleep for 400 years . 
Just chillin playing video games . I need to look for a job asap . 
I do care about people but I'm just sick of everybody's drama . The older I get the more I wanna keep to myself . 
I hate fake ass music almost as much as I hate fake ass people . 
If guns kill people , then ... Pencils miss spell words . Cars make people drive drunk . Spoons made < PROPFEMALE > O'Donnell fat . 
I'm pretty sure that scientist will come up with some half-cock theory on why fish and birds keep dying in massive < PROPFIRST > . Let's review the facts .... There are only one species of fish dying so far and like 3 species of birds . It cannot be connected to one thing so what does that mean ? 
Everything people say and do is 90% bullshit . The best way to deal with this is to stay the hell away from them . 
hmmmmm .... guess I can start recording my next mixtape . 
I'm thinking about recording my next mixtape under the pseudonym \canv1s \"." 
How would you hold up if you were me ? Not good at all I think . 
Everyone is a \hata\ " so everyone needs to quit making songs about \ " hatas\ " cuz that makes them hypocrites . hahaha . " 
\It ain't no love involved 
so the Saints got beat by the worse team in the playoffs . The same team the Steelers beat in the Superbowl the year before last . Better luck next season . 
mmmmmm .... tons of ice . fun . 
Well there is 2 inches of snow here in Longview . The funny thing is that it doesn't even feel that cold outside . I feel like crap but if I felt better I'd prolly be outside . 
Warning : Call of Duty Black Ops is extremely addicting ! 
The Steelers are still ranked 1st in the AFC North . I have faith that they will beat the ravens Saturday . 
Man I must be getting old ... but the teenagers now days are way worse than I was growing up . What is the world coming to ? lol . Don't comment if your under the age of 18 just to tell me I'm an old geezer . lol . 
One song down and 11 more to go ... the track \Carry On\ " will probably feature v3numb . " 
:: PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people won't copy and paste this because they've already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post . 
I was born with this talent and unique personality . Is it a gift or a curse ? 
Man a pop filter makes a huge difference when recording vocals on a condenser mic . Now I don't have to spend hours leveling vocals . 
I love Black Ops multi-player . It's the only place in the world where I can shoot a communist in the leg 3 times and he dies instantly . wtf ? lol . Video games I swear . 
im sick of ppl and their bs ... wanna roll solo . 
Thinking about titling a mixtape Natural $elect1on vol . 1 
The Steeler's are going to the Superbowl ! Hopefully they can clinch their 7th superbowl title . The Steeler's are the shit ... period . 
\We are all the victims of our own insecurities which in turn makes us slaves to hate and resentment\ " - $pooky T " 
My courage knows no bounds ... 
Watching UFC . I think everyone has noticed once or twice that these guys act kinda gay on the ground . lol . I know it's part of the technical aspect of mma but still ... they really should quit hugging each other . 
I wish the damn weather would make up it's mind . I didn't even need a jacket yesterday and now it's snowing . What's wrong with the damn climate . 
Why do people always label peoples ' actions \childish\ " if they don't like what someone is doing or saying ? Why don't they just say that they're efffing retarded ? lol . Symptoms of retardation happen at any age . " 
blah ...... 
I am the way i am for a reason so regardless of what anyone thinks i will remain this way . I grew up quick and went threw to much shit ... and life is still punching me in the face everytime i turn around but i become stronger everytime . 
Your so independant ... you just refuse to bend so I keep bending til I break , but you always find a way to keep me right here waiting , always find the words to say to keep me right here waiting . 
Superbowl tomorrow ... the Steelers are on their way to a 7th championship ! It`s gonna be a game to remember . 
I absolutely love haters ! hahaha ... either way the superbowl turns out the Steelers still have 6 rings compared to the Packers possible 3 . History proves whos elite and whos not . 
Well even the best fail sometimes . They still have 6 rings ... the Packers played hard so I gotta give it to them for their effort . 
Number 7 is coming one day for the best franchise in NFL history . 
