I sure missed the internet this last month !!! 

smells like freedom today ... happy 4th to everyone ! 
yeah finally a day off !!!! 
only 3 more days of worky and then a nice 3 week vacation !!! hurry tues july 14th and get here before i die !! 
less than 48 hrs cali , here we come !!! 
today is hermosa beach day !! and shoe shopping for good walking shoes . 
Big SKy Montana here we come !!! Can't wait to see the Glaciers and the House of Mystery ... 
Getting the car rental back to it's home with out any extra fees !!!! 
Ahh , home sweet messy home !! Time to cleany ... 
All day training , here we come ... 
sunday naps are a great thing ... 
back to work ... 
is glad to have the next 2 days off ... here we come fun !! 
how gross i just laid in there the other day ... 
ice cream social at the kids school and up to the epic bmx park .... yeahhhh 
back to school for < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ... kether and sabae back on wed . time to get another part time job !!! 
going to a huge wedding and seeing our friends we haven't seen in a very long time . love you guys , cya soon ... 
back to school nights are finally over .... lol 
2 days off ... here comes nappy time 
SNOW ... BEARS ... AND THE ASPEN CHANGING !!! 
Where does the time go ??? 
taking the kiddies and granny to the observatory in berthoud !!! 
OMG it's going to take me an hour to view all my requests ...... Sorry if I don't answer all of them ughhh 
is pondering the idea of snow tomorrow !!!! hummmmm 
breakfast for dinner , biskers and gravy with scrambled cheezy eggzy .... heart attack here i come ... 
Yeah it's still snowing ... Beautiful < PROPMALE > Mtns ... 
Bear watching ... I have lived in Colorado for 12 years and I finally found a place where 6 bears are living right outside of town . Can't wait until Sat . to go see them . 
last minute book report time .... ugghhhh 
my son got that damn book report done ... yeah i can breath !!!! ice cream time .... 
I need a new camera , and a photographer to take the pics for me .... 
Cub scout Halloween pack meeting went very well ... Bobbin for doughnuts on strings instead of sharing swine flu with the ole bobbin for apples game .... YEAH < PROPMALE > !!! 
Can't wait to see \of the fourth kind\ " and \ " paranormal activity\ " .... here i come " 
District 9 was a great alien moive ... 
A day off ... Guess I will clean , and maybe get in a fall nappy ... Where are the damn bears ??? 
HI HO , HI HO , IT'S OFF TO WORK I GO ... 
Nice foot or so of snow !! Keep on coming I don't want to do that 5 am flight at the airport ... 
TGIF ... 
It's birthday bowling for < PROPFIRST>'s 17th b'day~~~~ 
HAPPY HELLOWEENIE EVERYONE , BE SAFE ... 
I always knew we were part alien !!!! 
You know how you can tell when your kids have eaten too much Halloween < PROPFEMALE > ??? When the inside of their ears smell like tootsie rolls and hershey's < PROPFEMALE > bars !!! OMG ... 
Ahhh home at last .... 
2012 ................................................................................. 
Life is good , thank you God ... 
Going to watch Kether's second basketball game this morning ... Man it's too early to look at other people ... 
TGIW ... 
Forgive me if my intellectual intelligence is low today , my energy has been drained ... 
Happy Thanksgiving to all ... I am thankful for everything today , and will not forget to be thankful EVERYDAY ... God is good ... 
OMG I went over a month with no internet service . It feels weird getting back on facebook and going through 498 emails at my yahoo ... hope none of them were important !!! 
Happy New Year to Everyone ... 
Avatar in 3D was worth the money !!! Bad ass movie and special effects ... 
My investigation background helped me to find my old friend from 20 years ago ! I am very happy to have found her ... 
Bless the Saints and New Orleans !!!! 
where in the hell is my list of friends ?? when i click on friends it only gives me highschool , work and something else to choose from where are the rest of my friends , if anyone can help .... dughh .... 
5 am flight is going to be pretty rough .... 
My baby Sabae will be receiving his Bear rank tonight at the Masonic Lodge in Fort Collins ~ ~ Way to go Sabaean , mama is so proud of her Cub Scout . 
Dim's my boyz .... 
Half a day off !!! yeah ... 
Hey to you locals it's Kids day downtown Loveland on Wed . from 1-4 ... Free movies at the Rialto , lots of vendors and kid friendly stuff to do ... 
time to work out , omg i can hardly walk after a long day of work , sitting and investigating on the computer !!! lol 
What have you done for a stranger today ? ~ :o ) 
Yeah its Friday ... Bounce time tonight and Wild animal santuary tomorrow after Sabae's Scrimmage . I can't wait to see my best friend and the black bears . hi ho hi ho its off to work i go ... 
Devil's backbone hike about killed me today ... the Cub scouts did a great job setting the pace , Thank you all !! 
i ran on a treadmill at the gym with out getting shot off the back of it !!!! Laughing my fat ass off all the way !!! 
we are supposed to get 5-12 inches of snow tonight into tomorrow night ! can't wait ... 
I never realized that the Pinewood derby for Cub Scouts was such a serious sport until weigh in tonight !!! 
Sabae's car won first 7 x's out of 8 , but was not enough to get a trophy ! Kether's car was 4th across the finish line 6 out of 8 x's ... Nice job boys ! pic's coming soon . 
The Toothfairy with the Rock was pretty funny . Man he's gorgeous in tights !!! 
SNOW DAY TOMORROW FOR THOMPSON VALLEY SCHOOLS !!! EXPECTING OVER A FOOT ... YEA HAW ... 
half a day off , nice to get a nap in ... ~ :O ) 
Time to clean , work out and get my boys some haircuts .... 
my first hockey game tonight ! the colorado eagles vs . the muddogs . it sure was an experience and i can't wait to take the boys .... 
Happy Easter !!! 
A day off with lots of house work and taxes to be done !! 
My kids got to shoot a bb gun for the first time today ! Now they want one , or 2 !!! 
Baseball starts tonight !!! I can't believe I got both boys on the same team , nice !! 
My boys got to see 2 rattlesnakes at Devil's backbone today !! Bummer I wish I was there so I could show them houw to skin em !!! 
Less than 48 hours before I find out if ghosts really exist , I am so excited I can't even sleep !! 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile and she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if u give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of poo . Real women keep this going . 
Our group investigation for paranormal activity was pretty queit last night at the Double R bar . BOO HOO ! Anyone wanting to join the Loveland Paranormal can contact me via facebook or email . 
A messy house ... will be a beautiful home by the time the chitlins get home ... 
I am going to pass my PSE with flying colors today .... 
I got an A++++++++++++++++ Hell yeah !!!! 
Thank you all for the nice comments , you all are appreciated !! Have a great weekend and Mother's day to all .... 
Road trip to the Shambala mountain center ... I think we might see a bear !!! 
NO BEARS YET !!! 
I have the best kids and husband in the world !!!! I love you all so very much ... 
SNOW STORM WARNING FOR < PROPMALE > MTN . NATIONAL PARK , LARIMER , BOULDER AND WELD COUNTIES ..... NICEEEEEEEEE ...... 
looks like we might not have baseball practice tonight !!! 
Remember where's the BEEF ????..................... WHERE'S THE SNOW ?????? 
i am so ready for another ghost hunt i can't hardly contain myself , hurry up and get better < PROPMALE > .... 
Sabaean graduates tonight from a Bear to a Webelo ... He can't wait until summer camp when he get's to play with BB guns and bows and arrows !!!! 
Kether is going to be joining into the Webelos II as well ... Mama is proud of doz boyz !!! 
Congratulations out to my oldest son < PROPMALE > for an awesome GPA 3.25 !!!! 
Off to the boys baseball scrimmage . Can't wait to see Sabean and Kether in those baseball pants !!! lol 
Only 2 more days of school for the boys !! Can't wait for that summer trip .... 12 more days ~ :O ) 
Last day of school for the chitlins ..... I get to look forward to a messy house all summer , lots of fights to break up , unknown kids in and out of my house , bruised knees and roadrashed elbows ... OH THE JOY OF MOTHERHOOD , I LOVE IT .... 
i miss my beautiful boulder , \chief niwot here we come \"...." 
Another ghost hunt .... Anyone local care to join on Friday night ??? 
We finally got to see 2 balck bears ... in their natural habitat in Sequoia National park ... what a treat that was !! 
The boys got stomped at their baseball game !!! I hope we win one game before August !! 
it was snowing up in < PROPMALE > mtn . national park today and trail ridge was closed with 3 inches of snow and ice .... 
The boys finally won one of their baseball games !! yeah haw ... 9 to 2 ... way to go Vipers ! 
Cub Scout day camp has come to an end ... The boys learned all kinds of cool stuff like archery , bb guns , sling shots , leave no trace camping , forestry , journeyman and played lots of games ... time to rest boys . love you ... 
Happy Fathers Day to all Fathers .... 
A day filled with housecleaning , Dr. appt ., baseball practice , planting flowers and checking my facebook account periodically ... I love those days off from work , wisley spent ... 
Got to see my oldest son & his girlfriend tonight ... My how fast they grow up . Love you Phila penio !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > created an http://www.ourspace.com/ account . Ourspace.com is the leading Urban Social Network . Connect with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > by visiting http://www.ourspace.com/ 
why do i feel like a loser when i sleep in until 9:50 ??? 
What about that hurricane that blew through last night and cancelled our fireworks ??? 
The heart shaped fireworks in Loveland , CO were priceless !!! 
We get to go to the University of Northern Colorado today to lecture Boyscouts about how to get through the airport faster when traveling ... My advice ... Make sure you have clean socks on when you come to the airport .... 
HI Ho Hi Ho ... It's off to Red Feather we go !! There have already been 4 bear break in's this season ... If I don't show up for work on Wednesday call the Ranger's!!! 
Ahh back home to our humble abode ! Can't wait to sleep in a my Sealy , god I am sore ... 
2 more days of summer for the boys ... back to the grind ... oh yeah !!! 
My kids are so lucky ... They got 2 really great teachers this year ! To all of you parents out there , I hope your kids have a very great school year !!! 
The paranormal investigation @ Lionsgate Event Center was well worth the time we spent there !! < PROPFEMALE > thank you for giving us the opportunity to investigate your business . And to < PROPFEMALE > who gave us all the stories and joined us , you are an angel . We will contact you shortly for a reveal date ... 
I don't believe in a book , I don't believe in a priests ' words , I don't believe in a scroll . I believe in ME . If you don't believe in me , join the queue of non-believers , one day you will see what I believe , that day you will believe as I do ~ ANONYMOUS 
Anyone up for an airsoft gun fight or some bow and arrow target practice ??? 
Happy Veteran's to day to all our Veterans ! Thank you for risking your life for our freedom < PROPFIRST > ! 
I have a million things to be Thankful for ! Thank you , Thank you , Thank you ! I am blessed and Life is great . Happy Thanksgiving to all ! 
I wish everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > and Happy Christmas ... 
IT SNOWED IN PHOENIX TODAY !!! IT MUST BE THE END OF THE WORLD AS WE KNOW IT .... 
RIP Grandma < PROPFEMALE > . You are in good hands ... 
When did they start doing spelling < PROPFEMALE>'s at 7:30 am on a Sat ?? Kether has made it to Districts and will be testing this morning to see if he goes to State .... 
A Toasty -13 Degrees here .... 
