it's a beautiful day ! too bad I got sun burn from yesterday ... makes it worse when it's hot out again ... yuck ! but I'm happy anyway !!! 

you mean to tell me that penguins eat their own shit ?! 
is there anybody out there .... is there anybody out there .... 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh !!! hey anyone have a cell phone they want to get rid of that is t-mobile compatible ??? cus with the blonding smart powers that I have I just paid my monthly < PROPMALE > and well ... dropped it in the water ! so now my brokenes 
i need a new phone !!! anyone have a old t-mobile phone they don't want anymore cus you just got a new one ??? let me know !!! my dumbness paid for the monthly payment and dropped it in the water ... yay me !!! so now I need a new phone ... anyone ... anyone ... 
is bored ..... shouldn't even be here right now ... someone wanna just scream on the top of their lungs for me right now ... thanks . 
car accidents suck . i'm just glad the kids are ok . i don't care if i'm sore or not thank GOD the kids aren't hurt !!! 
feeling better ... 
vitameatavegamine . :) 
is happy . kids are happy . can't believe my youngest is already 5 months old ! and my oldest is 5 years old ! where does time go ?! 
so this sucks not having a vehicle ... i need a < PROPFIRST > ... BAD ! anyone willing to give me one ... just woundering ... 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb . cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc . ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd 
RIP < PROPFIRST > C . Mishler you will be missed ! LOVE YOU ALWAYS ! 
is lost ... 
music IS the best medicine 
today is my baby girls birthday ! I can't believe that she is four years old already ! going to see her in grantsburg this afternoon and have a little party for her ! 
my baby boy ( who isn't such a baby anymore ) is off to kindergarden today !!! and my baby baby boy can sit in a < PROPMALE > and push himself backwards ! in the famous words of < PROPFEMALE > \woo hoo ! :) \"" 
reality is a crutch for people who can't deal with drugs . 
OMG !!! MY SON JUST LOST TWO OF HIS FINGERNAILS !!! now he doesn't want a skateboard anymore ... 
hopes tomorrow looks better ... something's got to turn around ! 
:) my baby boy just got home from school ! His FIRST picture day is next week !!! They grow up TOO fast !!! :) 
J.R. cut his first tooth last night ! woo hoo ! 
so ... i'm kinda in love with this person ... he's cute , funny , great ! only problem is ... he only has two teeth and drools alot ! But what can a mother do ? lol ! 
so i finally finished off the oreo's i had ... fyi there was like only one or two missing ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Rigstad < PROPMALE > MISHLER'S BENNEFIT IS SET FOR OCTOBER 18TH AT 1PM AT THE < PROPMALE > LAKES LEGION PLEASE SEND OUT THE INVITE TO PEOPLE THAT ARE NOT ON MY FRIENDS LIST ! PLEASE CONTACT ME WITH ANY DONATIONS ! THANKS ! 
imgonnamakethissentenceintoonelongword . 
well at least < PROPFIRST>'s nails are growing back ! woo hoo ! 
< PROPFIRST > is 8 months old today !!! and we are going to Daddy's benefit ! 
baby < PROPFIRST > now has 4 teeth !!! ouch !!! lol ! they are sharp !!! 
My mind works like lightning ... one brilliant flash and it's gone . 
Some people hear voices .. Some see invisible people .. Others have no imagination whatsoever . 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . The only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the < PROPFEMALE > . SERIOUSLY IT WORKS . It works .... 
Everyone seems normal until you get to know them 
There are two theories to arguing with women . Neither one works . 
When I'm feeling down , I like to whistle . It makes the neighbor's dog run to the end of his chain and gag himself 
Earth is the insane asylum for the universe 
Women are made to be loved , not understood 
Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian , any more than standing in a garage makes you a car . 
Love is a sensation , caused by a temptation , to feel penetration , a guy sticks his aspiration , in a girl's reception , to increase the population , for the next generation , did you get my explanation , or do you need a demonstration ? 
If you find it hard to laugh at yourself , I would be happy to do it for you . 
I am free of all prejudice , i hate everyone equally . 
\Bring me back a toy !!! \"" 
The best things in life aren’t things 
There are more than 1,000 chemicals in a cup of coffee . Of these , only 26 have been tested , and half-caused cancer in rats . 
In Singapore , it is illegal to sell or own chewing gum 
I love defenseless animals , especially in gravy . 
Give a man a free hand and he’ll run it all over you 
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal < PROPFEMALE > . 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater , give her sperm she will make a baby , give her a house she will give you a home , give her groceries she will give you a meal , give her a smile she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ... Pass it along if you agree !!! 
It's sharing the little things that don't seem important at the time with someone that makes it all worth it in the end . 
My name is Luka , I live on the second floor ... 
My birthday present is bought . Now to get < PROPFIRST>'s birthday present ! 
??????????????? If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this for the ones that make this the Home of the Free because of the Brave !!!! ??????????????? 
cleaning for the big day tomorrow !!! can't wait to have all my babies here !!! 
Over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA , 14,000 in NY & 17,000 in IL . NJ & Florida are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get salary cuts ?! In honor of ALL teachers , copy & paste to your status 
?????? ll ?? o ? p ?? I ? nq ?????? ?? ol o ? p ? sn I 
There are about 6,800 languages in the world 
Nothing gonna save you from a love that's blind , slip into the dark side cross that line , to the dark side ... 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! You are now 6 years old ! Your family loves you very much ! 
Getting ready to visit < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... question is where to find him ... 
I found < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Falling in love is easy , it's falling out of love that's the difficult part ... 
Counting flowers on the wall that don't bother me at all , playing solitaire till < PROPFEMALE > with a deck of 51 , smoking cigarettes and watching Captain Kangaroo don't tell me there's nothing to do ... 
Dear McDonalds , you are incompetent . Your coffee sucks . You can't get orders right . And your buns are hard . You need better management skills . Sincerely ~ peeved 
Achluophobia- Fear of darkness . 
Agoraphobia- Fear of open spaces or of being in crowded , public places like markets . Fear of leaving a safe place . 
Cacophobia- Fear of ugliness . 
Ecclesiophobia- Fear of church . 
That's hot ... 
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave . 
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth : Marlboro , Coca-Cola , and Budweiser , in that order . 
Alcoholics are twice as likely to confess a drinking problem to a computer than to a doctor , say researchers in Wisconsin . 
Phobophobia is a fear of fearing . 
My little man lost his first tooth today ! He's getting way too big ! 
Still kicking it old school . 
You shut your mouth when your talking to me !!! 
if your going through hell keep on going don't slow down if your scared don't show it you might get out before the devil knows your there ... 
Supercalafradulisticexpialadocious . Just saying . 
I didn't want to give the elephant the ice cream cone , he just took it . But what do you do when the cat is scratching at the back door and the dog wont let him in because he's too busy playing dice with the fish ? 
So I says to the Guy I says , and what kind of pricing would you get on a size that small ? To which his reply was , not much . 
A headache and inflammatory pain can be reduced by eating 20 tart cherries . 
Teenage suicide is the second cause of death in the state of Wisconsin . 
Baby Bam Bam just walked from the kitchen to the Living room !!! 
Gorgeous ! 
So has anyone noticed how hot it was today ... I'm curious ... haven't heard much ... ( complete line of sarcasm for those of you who don't understand me ) 
GOOSEFRABA GOOSEFRABA GOOSEFRABA !!! 
I use big words to confuse the little people . 
I'm not as random as you think I pork chop . 
Thank you to all my friends and family and people I don't know for fighting for our country . You rock ! 
I'm not crazy ... My reality is just different than yours . 
I fricken LOVE my family !!! 
A pepperoni pizza with extra cheese and onions and mushrooms sounds really good right now . 
I've always been crazy but it's kept me from going insane ... 
We are all a little weird and life's a little weird , and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours , we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love . 
Happy Father's day to all you dads out there ! I hope you have a good day ! And to all you single mom's where the dads aren't present in your children's lives Happy Father's Day to you too ! 
Why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a Writing Desk ? 
We be jammin ' ... 
Wein - in froher Rund , Frohsinn zu jeder Stund . 
Every individual has a place to fill in the world , and is important , in some respect , whether he chooses to be so or not . - < PROPMALE > Hawthorne 
Happiness in this world , when it comes , comes incidentally . Make it the object of pursuit , and it leads us a wild-goose < PROPMALE > , and is never attained . Follow some other object , and very possibly we may find that we have caught happiness without dreaming of it . - < PROPMALE > Hawthorne 
It's been one year today . You are greatly loved and missed by many ! 
In olden times sacrifices were made at the alter . A practice than still continues today . 
At least your at peace now . Love you Great Grandma Bistram . 
Tomorrow 2-4 @ American legion grantsburg . \ 
Thursday is the burial . 
Happy Friday the 13th everyone . Hope you all had a good day ! 
Happy birthday baby girl ! Mamma loves you ! You are getting so big ! 
Blah ... 
I blame Disney ... 
Blah blah Blah 
Hey ... Hey ... Hey ... Hey ... Hey ... that's what it'd be like if I had ocd , but I don't . Sooo ... Hey . 
You shut your mouth when you're talking to me !!! 
is rolling her eyes at the world right about now ... no wait ... now 
Blah bLah blAh blaH BLAH ... 
My porch light is orange I swear ! It is not red !!! It's orange !!! 
Had a wonderful weekend with all my kids ! Too bad time flies when you're having fun . =( 
Who you gonna call ? \ 
GHOSTBUSTERS !!! 
Happy birthday to my baby girl !!! She is 3 today ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Was trying to think of something to write for my status but I can't think of anything ... maybe later ... 
Hmmm ... a dozen red roses just because ... yeah that really brightened my day !!! =) =) =) 
Blahdity blah blah blah ... blah ! 
Grandpa was filling out a credit application . One of the questions was ----- Nearest relative ? \ 
Grandpa wrote down , \ 
Twelve < PROPMALE > . 
A guy walked up to his neighbor who had a dog under each arm . The guy asked , \What are you doing with these dogs ? \ " \ 
A man calls the doctor and says , \Doc 
My luck is SO bad , I could be in a room full of black widow spiders and stomp on my own toe . 
I really think the shirt I'm wearing in my profile picture brings out my eyes ... what do you think ? 
So helping < PROPFIRST > with the game on the PS2 and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are playing I'm thinking nothing of it right ... wrong ... < PROPFIRST > has sugar on the floor . Both him and < PROPFEMALE > are licking HIS fingers to get the sugar off of his hands ... nice ... 
I hate ( yes HATE ) picking out new glasses ... grrr ... \ 
I want to tell the people well duh I can't see how they look on my face because I CAN'T SEE without prescription wear !!! Ugh !!! 
Blah ... Blah ... Blah ... 
Ok so we got up . Got < PROPFIRST > going went to the cities to get some stuff done . Got back . Had my < PROPFIRST > girl dropped of . Got stuff together . We went out to mom's to finish wrapping gifts . Now we are hiding them . Then hopefully REST ! 
Ahhh cleaning day how I despise you ... at least I have some help on this one today . < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > are napping yay ! Now to finish the living room so I can be done and nap too ! ( Fingers crossed ... here's to hoping ) 
In every relationship we have , no matter who it's with , we take a little bit of it with us when it's over . Our past relationships make us who we are today . We learn from them and move on . Some of us slower or faster than others , but nevertheless it happens . 
Bah Humbug 
Is it bad that I know the songs by the first few notes but with most of them I cant tell you who is singing them ??? 
I would like to scream now but since I can't could you do it for me and let me know how it went ? Thanks . 
Watching the karate kid with the kids ... < PROPFIRST > is trying to speak Chinese and < PROPFIRST > is trying to do Kung Fu . Lol it's so cute !!! 
I want a ducky mobile !!! 
Don't ask me for money . I'm so broke I owe myself 3 bucks . 
My confession for 2010 before 2011 gets here : I love you , and you , and you , not you , you I love , and you , and you , not so much you , but you I really love , and you , and me , and you , and you , and you , no not you , sorry , but I do love you ! =) \ 
Have a safe and wonderful night everyone ! MUAH ! 
So there I was ... 
Grrr ! ( With way more emphasis ) 
Happy birthday to my nephew < PROPMALE > ! He's 2 today !!! 
Lmfao ! I don't talk to anyone don't have anyone over and I'm still the topic highlight . That's awesome ! So glad to be on your mind ! You know who you are you little dumpling you ! MUAH ! 
I remember when it was warmer . Like a little over an hour ago when I was in my bed under my blankets cuddling with my big stuffed animal . Yeah that's right I still sleep with stuffed animals . Because that's how I roll ... wait what was I talking about again ??? 
I wish I knew then what I know now , when I was younger , I wish I knew then what I know now , when I was stronger ... 
You may be right , \ 
I may be crazy , \ 
But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for ! \ 
Turn out the light , \ 
Don't try and save me ... 
LONG day ahead !!! Been so stressed lately that sleep is not one of my good friends as of late so this should be good times ... \ 
Have a wonderful day everyone ! 
HAPPY 1/11/11 !!! Make a wish ! \ 
Wait ... that's not right ... \ 
Ok . Half a wish . Only ten months to go to make the full one !!! \ 
Oh and did you know that if you added 1/11/11 together it would be 23 ... yeah . There's something to think about for all of you that know what I'm talking about ... 
Stupid . Give me imatrex to help with my migraines , but give me another medication that's supposed to help prevent them but causes them ... nice . I love today's medical technology ... not . 
French fries are hashbrowns right ? 
I have found a new love !!! They make me so happy I could burst ! I LOVE YOU western dressing and < PROPFEMALE > mustard !!! 
Watching old school < PROPFIRST > brothers with all the kids ... ah the classics really are cheesy ... 
Family movie night !!! Loving it !!! Cuddling with ALL my kids ! =) 
APPARENTLY my 5 year old AND 3 year old didn't get the memo ... \ 
CHRISTMAS IS OVER !!! Enough with the Christmas music !!! \ 
Aghhh !!! 
My family needs a vacation !!! 
I am so done with doctors !!! 
Yep ... 
Happy birthday to my dad !!! Even though he doesn't have Facebook ... lol 
Q : what has a hundred balls and screws a bunch of old ladies ? \ 
A : bingo ! 
AAAHHHHHGGG !!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Picked a Peck of Pickles ... \ 
Or did he ... 
Let me see a show of hands for those that spoil their kids rotten ! My kids have surround sound in their room with a 27\ tv ... \ 
I feel like a 91 year old woman today ... 
I am the bestest egg salad makerer in this house\ 
\ 
Ha ha ha you thought I was going to say world but I didn't lol 
Oh physical therapy how I LOVE you !!! 
Ever just have one of those days ... \ 
Me too . 
I need a bigger lap ... there isn't enough of me to go around for my kids . 
Hmmm ... 
Ummm ... Anywho ... 
... cinnamon and sugary\ 
and softly spoken lies\ 
you never know just how you look\ 
through other people's eyes ... 
Stress and pain go away , \ 
Come again some never day !!! 
16 more days and my baby turns 2 ! Birthday party plans almost finished . How many 2 year olds do you know that get a bonfire for their party ??? Spoiled brat ... lol 
=( =( =( I miss coffee time with my neighbors in rice lake ... I'll never find as good as neighbors as they were/are . Whaaa !!! I miss them !!! And even sadder they wont even see this !!! =( =( =( 
Ever feel like a fortune cookie full of joy ???!!! 
Loving and it's RED !!! 
I hate idiots . \ 
Some people are just so stupid they are on a whole different level of stupidity . \ 
UGH !!! 
You ever have one of those days where you just want to smile real big while you grab someone by the back of their head and smash it into a brick wall repeatedly ... \ 
Good times ... \ 
=) 
