Happy New Year !! 

Some of the stuff you hear about me may be true , but then again it may be as false as the jerk who told you . if you want to know something then just ask dont believe everything you hear 
Heaven is my father , Earth is my mother , all men are my brothers all things are my compainons . -Indian saying 
meh ! wants to do something .. but doesnt know if it would work T-T 
Dont let yourself fall for someone unless they are willing to catch you . 
The hardest thing in life to know is which bridges to cross and which to burn ... 
really really really wants to do something .. but is so scared to T-T stupid butterflies in tummy .. stupid mind wandering T-T 
I should have known saying anything would scare that person away ... it always seems to do so 
its alot easier to say your mad about something then it is to say you are hurt . 
There is a road , no simple highway between the < PROPFEMALE > and the dark of night . And if you go no one may follow , that path is for your steps alone . ~ Greatful Dead 
So tell me , how does one know who they can trust and who they can't , chow do you know who is a true friend , who can be trusted with your secrets , how do you tell someone one of your deepest secrets that you are so scared to tell people .. due to not knowing 
... hmm .. the thing I regret most about my school .. is we never did pull a school prank T-T 
T-T I lost my smore !! my poor innocent smore that hasnt had the < PROPMALE > to be eaten .... I cant believe I forgot where I put it 
yay !!!! I found my smore !!! -.-;; it was on the stand right next to me to 
Leaving for Iowa , will let people know when I get there . 
is back in iowa now .. 
Heaven is my father , Earth is my mother , all men are my brothers , all things are my companions . -Indian saying 
occasionally wonders why she came back to iowa 
meh is bored and kind of wishes there was somewhere to go around this town 
O , Great Spirit , whose voice I hear in the winds and whose breath gives life to all the world , hear me I am small and weak I need your strength and wisdom . Let me walk in beauty and make my eyes ever behold the red and purple sunset . Make my hands repsect 
meh is trying to figure out the mute button on parents .. v.v 
ARGH !!!!!!! GOD DAMN IT !! WHAT THE FUCKING HELL DO PEOPLE THINK THEY ARE GOING TO ACOMPLISH BY TRYING TO KILL THEMSELVES !!! WHY DO PEOPLE ALWAYS HAVE TO BE SO FUCKING IGNORANT , SELFISH , STUPID , AND JUST COMPLETELY IDIOTIC FOR DOING THAT FUCKING SHIT ?!?!?! 
stupid , stupid person , why did you have to go and do something as ignorant as that .. did you think you had noone to turn to , no one to listen to what you had to say ? what was going through your mind when you did that my friend , please tell me .. please dont 
Hear me , my chiefs ! I am tired ; my heart is sick and sad . From where the sun stands I will fight no more forever . -Chief < PROPFIRST > , Nez Perce 
May the stars < PROPFEMALE > your sadness away , May the flowers fill your heart with beauty , May hope forever wipe away your tears , And above all , may silence make you strong . -Chief < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Is staying at her gma's tonight , if I can get internet there I will be on later but unfortunatly no guarentees 
Certain things catch your eye , But pursue only those that capture your heart . ~ ~ old indian saying ~ ~ 
you wonder when the scars will fade when they will go away quit reminding you of everytime you fucked something up in your life .. though that is what you put them there for , to remind you at the time just how much you did when in reality , the only thing th 
mean what you say and say what you mean , because opportunities are gone in a heartbeat but regrets always last a lifetime 
.. hmm CRAPFEST !! I WANT TO BE A DENSE GENIUS WHEN I GROW UP !!! 
is heading to davenport with a few friends and will be back later tonight . leave one if you want 
What happens when you piss off a tall scrony gay kid that has a dagger ?? O.O !! 
Sometimes when I say I'm fine , I wish someone would look me in the eye and say \tell the truth \"" 
Omg just got back from the most awsometastic birthday party everrrr !!! oh and < PROPFEMALE > had lighterfluid =) 
I looked like a drowned koala bear tonight 
So the storm is scaring gizmo and she is currently hiding under my bed O.O 
conflict , hatred , sadness . Pain . That which allows them to savor them all ... that is love 
Conflict , Hatred , Sadness . Pain . That which allows a person to savor them all ... that is Love . 
T-T I never dreamed the day would come where I would be tormented by strawberries 
is off to Six flags/ great < PROPFEMALE > with her cousins and < PROPFEMALE > , will be back some odd random time on monday so leave one if ya want . =) ttyl 
I should have just fuckin ended everything when I had the < PROPMALE > , I should have known they would turn on me sooner or later no matter what they said , I should have seen through their lies .. their < PROPFEMALE > tales .. I should have known it was all just going to di 
heh idk what to do anymore ... though i should have known everything would just die in the end .. should have never believed that life could be like a < PROPFEMALE > tale .. nobody ever gets their happy ending .. it just doesnt work that way .. 
?? yaoi ?????????????????? addicting ! 
????????????????????????????????????????? arent ???????? 
' Great . Here I was actually worried about that idiot , trying to help him , and what does he do ? He calls me a damn fruit . ' He sighed trying to rein his temper in , after all he had just woken up . Still ... ' A damned fruit . That's just fricken peachy . ' Pause . ' No . ' His inner sarcasm corrected . ' It's pineapply . 
so apparently cupid has pretty good aim and I guess the arrow doesnt leave a physical mark .. even if cupid did try to stab you in the ass with a pen 
... why is it things can never go the way they are suppose to .. 
memory is a way of holding onto the things you love , the things you are , and the things you never want to lose . 
misses cooking out on the grill !!! Grilling is forkin awsome as hell !! 
Happy happy happy fucking joy joy 
when life gives you lemons make grape juice and let the world wonder how you did it . 
I like whatever drug the hospital gave me since Morphine didnt even touch the fricken pain !! though now i have to rely on the dand crutches .. but its a really good thing we had them sitting around the house cause I would not be able to walk right now .. nothing is broken .. or at least thats what they said .. and the xrays said that as well but I tend to wonder because of the severe pain anything from even light touches 
damn < PROPMALE > sidewalks !! whoever owns that sidewalk needs to fix it and we have pics .. though on a kinda funny side .. my foot matches my toenail polish .. eh .. blue ... but no touchy touchy !! 
so if I had to choose a way to die .. I would choose to die by a coca cola explosion cause that you be uber epic awsomeness !! 
Friends are like Potatoes .. if you eat them they die ! 
O.O !!!! yay !!! House is back on tomorrow at 7 !!!!!! 
Sometimes you have to walk through the darkness in order to find the light ... 
C'mon this CAN'T be the selF-destruct button !! If it was , they wouldn't leave it lying around like this where anyone could push it !! Hm , oh well .... * push * ... tick .. tick .. BOOOOOM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
White roses , are they pure , or are they just dead of their beauty ? 
Every time you betray me , it feels like you've pierced my heart ... Every time you lie to me , it feels like you've shot me in the head ... How much longer will this continue , how much more can i take ... When you've fallen I would feel despair .. would you ? Would you even care if I left this lonely world ? 
Rest in Peace Uncle < PROPMALE > , you are loved and missed dearly , may your soul find peace whereever you are . 
F is for friends who do stuff together . U is for you and me . N is for anywhere any time at all down here in the deep blue sea . F is for fire that burns down the whole town . U is for uranium bombs . N is for no survivors when ya wanna take over the world . F is for Frolic through all the flowers . U is for ukulele . N is for nose picking , sharing gum and sand-licking here with my best < PROPMALE > !!! 
what draco says is quoted in single quotation marks and what < PROPMALE > says is in regular quotation marks ; ' < PROPMALE > . Are you spacing again ? Is that healthy for the baby ? ' “Draco .. I can only hope we don’t have a baby girl . ” ' Why ?! What’s that supposed to mean ?! ' “I can already tell that you’re the overprotective type ! And with a girl .. You’d be any boyfriend’s worst nightmare . ” ' Ass . ' 
so I think gizmo is trying to become a parrot or something like that cause she is currently sitting on my shoulder with me laying down and her paw on my air supply part .. v.v 
I have to make a stand ! My people will live on !! < PROPFEMALE > the Malfoy's eating habits !!!!! 
Bananas in pajamas are coming down the stairs , Bananas in pajamas are coming down in pairs , Bananas in pajamas are chasing < PROPMALE > bears , ' cos on Tuesdays they all try to catch them unawares ! 
people are like snowflakes they're all different , they can be cold , distant and yet they are fragile and beautiful . \ " , 2009-11-08 03:56:40 " 
sooo definitly innocent with just a slight hint of world domination here and there =) that would be the way to describe me O: ) 
the Easter < PROPFEMALE > Gets Drunk After Easter !!! =) 
I want to be in a Hug-A-Tree-Kiss-A-Squirrel mood !!!! 
Oh no !! Giant Vampire Mosquitoes !!!!!!!!!!!!! RUN AWAY !! 
DUDE WHY THE FUCK DOES CCC HAVE CLASSES WHEN BOTHHH SCC AND MCC ARE FUCKING CANCLED , GAHHH THIS IS BULLSHIT !!!! 
I think the question now is why does CCC wait till the day in question to cancle classes to cancle instead of just doing it the night before .. v.v at least no classes today so thats a plus 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is straight , there for you must be gay 
You cant hurt me Im the Gingerbread Man !!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! =) 
i like cheese and i cant hit ppls mouths with marsmellows to save my life D: and i sooo just put a marsmellow down < PROPFEMALE>''s shirt cuz she's typing this 
Facing your fears is difficult yes ..... but falling in love with them ..... is a nightmare even the devil himself would call hell .... 
Never let your memories be greater then your dreams ... 
I have this strange unresistable but unatainable urge to play the game Hungry Hungry Hippos .... 
A friend is an angel in disguise , a friend will listen and a friend will talk a friend will be availble around the clock , they will guide and advise a friend is certainly a angel in disguise . 
Omgs !!! the Three Days Grace and Breaking < PROPMALE > was awsome as hell !!!!! Soooo cant wait till they come back for another concert !!!!!!!!!!! <3<3<3 =D 
It has been proven , I am an angel and I do have a halo !! ^-^ O= -) 
It has been proven , I am an angel and I do have a halo , < PROPFEMALE > even said i do !! ^-^ ... O =-) 
just got my wisdom teeth removed really really sore and tired so probably going to go back to sleep 
T-T I look and feel like a freakin chipmunk that just got the crap beaten out of its cheeks 
Let's see how many of you actually pay attention to these status updates . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this on your wall so I can leave a word about you ! 
The hardest thing in life to know is which bridges to cross and which to burn ... http://chatter.com/a/5u59b?ref=nf 
On my way to anamosa prison for a tour lol yay !!! 
up at the hospital for grandpa's surgery if ya need to get ahold of me , text it 
so deffinitly had the best night then i've had in a really long time , deffinitly greatly enjoyed it =D 
I have the type of friends who would spend hours trying to drown a fish <3<3<3 
People only realize what they had after they lose it , so hold onto what you have , and ... http://chatter.com/a/7397f?ref=nf 
so my supervisor at work and < PROPFIRST > apparentlly had alot of fun giving me tons of shit all night and wound up turning my face a really dark shade of red XD but it was fun and it made the night a little bit interesting besides before i went to work ^^ ( though that was more entertaining and fun ^^) <3 
omgs amazing time last night , gotta love the morrison park at night ^_^ and most deffinitly going to have to go to that park again sometime soon among other things even sooner <3<3<3 
<3<3<3 deffinitly had an amazing time again tonight , enjoyed it greatly !! <3<3<3 
Sometimes people put up walls not to keep people out but to see who cares enough to kn ... http://chatter.com/a/7krzu?ref=nf 
Rawrs .. that is all ^^ <3<3 
if I told you I loved you , would you love me back and if i told you I felt safe in your arms would you hold me close and keep me safe from harm .. if I asked you to stay .. would you stay .. 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Gray T-T 
Nothing lasts forever So live it up drink it down laugh it off avoid the bullshit , take chances and never have regrets because at one point everything you did was exactly what you wanted ... 
Fb < Smurfs rule ! > 
Sitting outside enjoying the fire and roasting marshmellows ^-^ yum <3 < Smurfs rule ! > 
Whoot grillin outside with my brother and uncle gotta love grilling outside <3 < Smurfs rule ! > 
I shoulda known that everything was to good to be true ... just a < PROPFEMALE > tale ... so now the question ... do i get my happy ending ? 
rock your own style and dance to your own beat !! 
I love you not just because of who you are , but also because of who i am when im with you , 
not really sure why im awake this early ... but a friend kinda woke me up and getting back to sleep has been impossible so i figured i would check out facebook and try to figure out a way to keep myself up and entertained T-T 
I love my crazy goofy sometimes stupid but oh so amazing boyfriend <3 
I love my crazy goofy super sweet and oh so amazing boyfriend <3<3 
..... of course im out of my mind ... you would be to if you had my mind ... its scary in there and its dark ... and cold ... I never want to go back in there .. its not worth it .. though what is worth it anymore .. please tell me ... 
If a girl says it is \alright\ " it is NOT alright \"\" <--- That is most deffinitly true !! " 
finishing up some last minute packing for the camping trip then off to Wisconsiin for the next 5 days =D yay !!!!! <3 
Okay she complains bout the volume of the music right now she will just need to deal with it , maybe she shouldnt have woken me up on my day off < Life vs Death > 
rock your own style and dance to your own <3 
rock your own style and dance to your own beat <3 
Sometimes you have to walk through the darkness to find the light 
Black = I hate you . Pink = I like you . Purple = I \ 
would date you . Blue = I DID love you . Red = I love you . Orange = I \ 
like talking to you . White = I really care about you . Silver = We're\ 
close . Green = You're hot . Yellow = I couldnt live without you . \ 
Brown = Best ... friends . Set this as your status and see what you get ( eh who knows why not ) 
Headin out , if you wanna get ahold of me text it ^^ if you dont have my number then im sorry lol 
The heart dies a slow death . Shedding each hope like leaves , until one day there are none . No hopes . Nothing remains 
my deepest condolences to the friends and family of those who passed today in the Mt < PROPFIRST > corn bin tragedy , my prayers and thoughts are with you all 
I wish I knew of a way to help , a way to make him feel better ... to feel as if he is not alone ... I wish he could see just how much he means to me and how much i adore and love him ... I would give him the world to see his beautiful smile and laughter ... 
Watch me tear myself apart while I wait and see ... wait for the world to crash down on me and to shatter again ... Watch the blood splatter on the walls as it crushes everything around it ... the distruction brought with this shit can only kill you ... it doesnt make you stronger no it just kills you ... 
watch as the world caves in and crushes everyone and everything around it ... watch as the blood covers everything around it , dripping down the body , turning the ground beneath crimson .... everything fades into the background .. just like you knew it always would ... everything disapears .. until there's nothing left .. the only thing to do is to let it crush you ... 
\Far across the distance And spaces between us You have come to show you go on . \ 
Watch the knife slice through the soft skin ... the crimson substance slowly seeps out .. drip , drip .. drip ... feel your self fading as it stains the ceramic tile beneath ... you want to feel the pain again , because in your mind theres nothing left , nothing worth fighting for ... so now tell me is there really something out there that's worth the fight ? 
I found you here , now please just stay for a while I can move on with you around I hand you my mortal life , but will it be forever ? I'll do anything for a smile , holding you ' til our time is done We both know the day will come , but I don't want to leave you 
If I text you .. it means I miss you .. If I dont it means im waiting to see if you miss me 
just leave me alone i guess ... everyone else does 
Watch you walk away like everyone else ... watch you leave without a glance back .. its okay ... ill mend the open wounds you left by slowly replacing them with new parts that I rip apart , just so I can feel the mind numbing pain of being left all alone .. again I probably should have seen it coming .. should have known that you would just walk away ... should have known that you werent real ... and that it was all a trick 
I wanted you to fight for me , to tell me that theres no one else you would rather be with and that you would rather be alone then without me .. but that was to much to ask I guess ... It was just another wish that didnt come true 
The only thing to fear is fear itself ... and spiders ! Fuck Spiders !! 
If you like me then just tell me , If you miss me then show it , If you love me then prove it to me !! 
there comes a point in your life when you finally realize who matters , who never did , who wont anymore , and who always will . So dont worry about your past , there's a reason they werent able to make it to your future . 
So the good news is ive stopped fighting my inner demons and we're now on the same side ... the bad news ( at least for you that is ) is we're plotting your very slow and very very painful demise 0 :-) hope you enjoy it =D cause it'll be extremely enjoiyable for us hehe 
God damn it that pnik elephant stole my wild < PROPFIRST > sprees and ran off with them again !! ARGH !! T-T 
< PROPFEMALE > I kinda sorta like this guy but im scared of asking him out .. but i think he likes me to .. hopefully something happens cause omgs is he cute and < PROPFEMALE > much fun to be around , no matter my mood somehow he makes me smile =D 
Meh found out he is interested in someone else , oh well that's life for ya i guess 
Off to chemistry class then home to catch up on a little bit of sleep before work tonight and to get some homework done .. lol yay ! ( not really ) 
I dont regret my past anymore , I just regret caring about people that werent worth my time and actually thinking they were 
On < Live laugh love > 
You dont love someone because of beauty , you love someone because they sing a song only you can understand . 
The hardest thing in life to know is which bridges to cross and which to burn 
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take but by the moments that take your breath away . 
Okay so full grown pitbulls DO NOT make good lapdogs no matter how badly they would like to believe otherwise < Life and death > 
' imagine i am in jail , what crime do u think i have done ' o.o ? 
RIP Uncle < PROPFIRST > , its hard to believe that a years passed since . Just remember that you are and always will be greatly missed and loved . <3 
Okay < PROPFEMALE > if you've recieved a email from wolf_lover1990 anytime since september 25th , it wasnt me , my hotmail got hacked into and im in the process of trying to get it back , sorry 
And here I had almost forgotten you but yet you still manage to sneak your way back into my mind .. v.v 
There's some things I regret , some words I wish had gone unsaid , some starts that had some bitter endings -- There's some mistakes that I have made , some chances I just threw away , some roads I never should've taken , some pages turned , some bridges burned , but there were lessons learned . 
I like it on the chair or the floor =D 
Son of a Penguin I AM NOT SUPPOSE TO BE OUT SMARTED BY MY LAPTOP OR MICROSOFT WORD FOR THAT MATTER DONT YOU DARE DELETE MY PAPER YOU GOD DANG RADIO ACTIVE PENGUIN !!!! 
is at home sick >.< 
Its cold out and I dun wanna move from under the nice warm covers 
o.O my comp teacher just told the entire class that Bush ruled and was the best president out there .... what teh hell has he been smoking and where can i get some ????! 
Gahh !!! Its cold as hell outside !!!! T-T 
Sooo to start off the day i woke up freezing my ass off then when i finally decided to move i discovered thatt i had been turned into a pink smurf again .... O.o 
okay so still freezing my ass off and definitly dont want to move from under the blanket wrappinhg ive created and so far i havent been turned into a pink smurf yet =D 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Okay so i would totally love to try ice skatting but I just now got released from chicago .. and I have a slight feeling that I would end up back there hoping my doccter doesnt shoot me XD 
A Person Has 1000 Wishes . A Soldier Only Has One , To Come Home Safe . I \ 
Know 97% Of You Wont Post This As Your Status , But The 3% That Do Are My \ 
Friends . In Honor Of Someone That Died Or Is Fighting For Your Freedom \ 
Please Post !!! may God Bless our troops & bring each one of them ... home safely ? 
okay so definitly freezing outside and serioiusly wondering if getting out of bed is even completely worth freezing my ass off ... 
Okay so our conversation in class was about guys needing to keep track of their fucks but one guys brought up real guys dont need to keep tracks of their fucks o.o gotta love english class discussions 
Would < PROPFEMALE > rather be curled up in her blankets and asleep than awake right now lol 
is sitting in her comp class kinda boredish v.v 
Certain things catch your eye , But pursue only those that capture your heart . ~ old Indian saying 
You know your moms a redneck when she duct tapes the tree topper angel to the christmas tree 
Watching beauty and the beast while getting ready for work 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays as well =D 
Hehehehe , I totally just jacked < PROPFEMALE>'s phone ! <3 < PROPFEMALE > 
\Your just angry because you look like a giant angry cue tip ! \"" 
Trying to find a date for Saturday that doesn't mind dancing a little . Lol 
At a party having a pretty good time wish I had someone else here with me ( male preferably lol ) =) 
Blah 
playing pacman world 2 <3 
