is ( finally ) back in Vancouver . Alas , I have also gotten sick . This has now become a New Years tradition for me . 

is now on Twitter to see what the fuss is about . http://twitter.com/the_ss2k 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Please leave the children in heaven alone . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Bay is a racist ( and a doofus ) . 
loves that the Sedins are staying with the Canucks ! Happy Canada Day ! 
Happy Independence Day ! 
is OPALMUS PRIME . 
can't believe they renamed the Sears Tower . What moron thought that was a good PR move ? 
is busy with < PROPFEMALE > work . Having fun , though ! 
is in Ketchikan , Alaska ! Will be back August 11 . 
will be in Juneau in a few hours . Back on August 11 ! 
just left Sitka . Next up : Wrangell , Alaska . Back on August 11 . 
is back in Vancouver ! 
I have a free copy of Madden 09 for Xbox 360 if anyone wants it . 
thinks Bieksa's getting traded somewhere . Canucks suddenly have too many defensemen and are over the cap . 
won't have internet until Monday . 
is back online ! Yes , I know , you all missed me terribly . 
wonders : which film will be more terrible ? A ) 2012 ; B ) Legion ; or C ) Nothing will ever top Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen . 
FOOTBALL !!! 
managed to draft Datsyuk , Brodeur , and the Sedin twins on his fantasy hockey team . Not bad for my first time ! 
is off to the Regent Retreat for the weekend ! 
is back from the Retreat ! What a great weekend ! :) 
just witnessed his iPod get wiped . 30 gigs of music ... gone . You're dead to me , iTunes . 
Joy of joys ! Hockey is back ! GO CANUCKS GO ! 
Pats win ! Booyah ! 
is never gonna give you up , never gonna let you down , never gonna run around and desert you . 
BOW DOWN BEFORE ME , MORTALS , FOR I HAVE MADE JAMBALAYA , FEAST OF ( CAJUN ) KINGS ! 
just found himself ( in his car ) on Google Street View Vancouver ! :D 
is off to Portland for Thanksgiving Weekend ! 
is back in the real Vancouver , at least for a night . 
is now off to Kingston , Ontario ! 
is back . Back again . 
Gotta keep the Devil down in the hole . 
thinks this was one of the best days of football ever . Are the Patriots this good or are the Titans really that bad ?! 
just got an A on the OT midterm ! I survive to fight another day ! Huzzah ! 
Freaking Yankees . * pukes * 
is not feeling all that well today . 
finally finished the Diagrammatic Summary . Now it's on to finish the CTC paper ! 
is celebrating his first American Thanksgiving ( since moving to Canada many years ago) ! 
Sometimes I wonder if I would get more offers by advertising my place as \Cat Needs Roommate\ " and removed myself from the equation entirely . " 
WOW . TEXAS WINS . WHAT AN ENDING ! 
Would anyone be interested in seeing Disney's The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog this weekend ? 
What the hell ... I just found a dead centipede in my house ! 
bought his Secret < PROPFEMALE > gift ! It's a good one , too . :) 
SUIT UP ! 
is done ! Finished ! Completeo ! 
Have yourself a < PROPFEMALE > little Christmas ! 
got a Christmas text from someone whose phone number starts with 604-723 . I'm sorry , but I don't know who you are ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas anyways ! 
Bears beat Vikings . Good times . 
is in Portland for an extra day due to snow ! Won't be back until New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . 
finally saw Avatar . Yeah , it was pretty awesome . 
That's what you get for sacking all those monasteries in England and < PROPFEMALE > , you dirty Vikings ! GO SAINTS ! 
Is it just me , or is the iPad almost completely pointless ? 
WHO DAT 
just saw the Olympic Torch run by Regent . It was admittedly pretty cool . 
was left speechless by the Opening Ceremony . Not entirely sure it was in a good way . 
Okay , so Team Canada is now a pretty good hockey team . 
needs to get TOEWS stitched onto his jersey . He also needs to get himself to a hospital to make sure his heart is still working . WHAT A GAME . 
needs to finish this CTC paper before tomorrow . Caffiene , do your thing ! 
could hardly sleep last night . It should be a good game ! GO CANADA GO 
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH CANADA ! TOEWS FOR PRIME MINISTER ! 
So Canada wins an incredible hockey game , breaks the medal record , and bids the world goodbye with an awesome ending ceremony . All in all , a good day . God bless Canada . :) 
is recovering after his biopsy . It went well , but it's not something I'd like to do again ! 
is loving this weather , but it's putting me in the mood for baseball in MARCH . That ain't right . 
just got MLB . TV . It owns . 
Good grief , it's snowing at UBC . 
is going 80s shopping tomorrow . Here's hoping McFly/Bender/Bueller donated to the Salvation Army recently ! 
Shame on the NHL for not suspending < PROPMALE > Downie for his attack on < PROPFIRST > Crosby . What a joke of a league . 
feels like a drink . I wonder if the pubs are going to be busy at all tonight ? Nahhhh ... it's Wednesday . 
BEST JAKEPROM EVER 
can't believe he just lost his fantasy hockey league BY ONE FREAKING POINT . 
Playoffs , baby ! GO CANUCKS GO 
Happy birthday to me I'm a hundred-and-three I smell like a monkey So a monkey I ... be ? 
Thanks for the birthday greetings , everybody ! I'm sorry I couldn't get a Canucks win tonight . My powers are mighty , but not as mighty as Alberts ' incompetence . :( 
is off to that bright light city to set my soul on fire . Vegas , baby ! 
is very happy to be back home in the city of ( Round 1 ) champions . 
Hey , Blackhawks : Take your stupid \doo doo da doo\ " song and stick it . " 
is off to Chicago for a week . Back on May 11th ! 
needs the Jets to hurry the heck up and come back to Winnipeg so I can start cheering for them instead of these soul-crushing Canucks teams . :( 
I don't know what I'm more nervous about : Game 6 of Canucks/Blackhawks tomorrow night or the City of Glendale's vote tomorrow that could send the Jets back to Winnipeg . Here's hoping for an extra-lucky day ... 
Canucks get bumped from the playoffs and it looks like the Jets ain't going to Winnipeg anytime soon . It has not been a good day . :( 
is very glad his landlords waited until now to get cable because holy cow , I have more than 200 channels . I get EVERYTHING . School just got KO'd . 
Open invite to come to my house to watch Game 2 of the < PROPMALE > Cup Finals tonight . Puck drops around 5 ! 
That was the most ridiculous end to the NHL Playoffs I've ever seen . 
U-S-A ! U-S-A ! U-S-A ! U-S-A ! U-S-A ! U-S-A ! U-S-A 
Okay , so Toy Story 3 was just as amazing as I hoped . Anyone interested in seeing it ? I want to watch it again ! 
is headin ' down to Seattle to see the Cubs take on the Mariners . Go Cubs Go ! 
is going to Winnipeg this weekend ! First time back since I moved 12 years ago ! 
just put his cellphone through the washing machine . If you need to contact me , either email or Facebook me ! 
\That's it ! Back to Winnipeg ! \"" 
has returned to the land of mountains , forests , and ocean . 
just got a new cellphone ! Same number , but I lost all my contacts . I have unlimited minutes for the next 6 months , so feel free to call and let me know where you're at ! 
is moving into his new digs tonight ! Doesn't have internet yet , so it'd be best to call/text instead for the next few days . 
is moved in , back online , and ready to start the new school year ! ... probably . 
< PROPFIRST > made extra lasagna tonight , so if you want to eat some and watch Monday Night Football , just bring a couple bucks and come on over ! 
DAAAAAA BEARS ! 
Happy Thanksgiving , eh ? 
just got his American passport . Dual-Citizen Powers Activate ! 
Have it your way , Vancouver . I was going to wait until next week , but if you're going to snow , I'm bringing out the Christmas music . 
Baby , it's cold outside ! 
Internet is down at home until Friday , so online contact will at a minimum this week ! 
Has anyone taken < PROPFIRST > Wilkinson's class , \Living in Creation\ " ? I'm trying to decide between it and Provan's \ " I & II Kings . \"" 
I can't compete\ 
With the clear eyes of strangers\ 
I'm more and more replaced\ 
By my friends each night 
Wishing you and yours a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
The only division leader to win this weekend was the Seahawks . Go figure ! 
90 years , 121 games , and it all comes down to today . BEAR DOWN ! 
LONDON , BABY ! Tickets are booked ! 
Sweet Home Chicago 
All right , it's on . I'm giving up Coke ( and all other sodas ) for Lent . Heaven help me . 
