What do I want for my birthday ? Any ideas ? 

I would update my status but nothing is happening ... I'm going out of my mind ! 
Hmm ... No I don't think so . 
Um yeah sure 
Okay I'm ready to go to Disneyland now ! 
Just to remind you all ... my birthday is on sunday . The 21st .. So I better hear from you ! Oh by the way I'm off to Disneyland for the next few days ! Big kiss . MUAH ! 
It's my birthday ! Yay for me ! 
Thank you to all for wishing me a happy birthday ! It was wonderful ! 
I want a haunted day ! 
I will not watch < PROPFEMALE > Hills , 90210 ! I will not watch < PROPFEMALE > Hills , 90210 ! I'm going to go watch < PROPFEMALE > - I'm going to go read . 
I wanna go surfing ! 
Hmm ... I don't know about this ! 
I miss everyone at beach camp ! I wanna go back but I'm leaving on a jet-plane ! 
I sleep in chair ! Yay ! 
Bah ! Ghosties ! 
I'm in a - no people mood today . 
I don't know - maybe . 
Trying to pack as much as possible for tomorrow 
Pretty much ready to go ... gotta love travel days ! 
A feature-length cartoon ? 
Going to Disneyland ! 
What should my status reveal about me today ? 
I don't feel all that good ... 
What do I want to do today ? 
Right okay ... well I guess it doesn't matter 
Communication is the key to everything ... so why is it that I'm the only one who realizes this ? 
I got In-n-Out ! 
The swatches are on the wall , and now all thats left is to pick the colors 
Boo school ! ... Ok now I'm ready 
Done with classes and now I'm home ! Yay ! oh I cannot fathom doing this four days a week ! 
Now all I have to do is all my reading while waiting till yoga class that starts at 8 ... I think I can manage ! 
Nope . I think I'm done . 
I should get dressed knowing I have class in about an hour ... but I can't seem to get motivated enough ... 
Need to sleep ... can't sleep ... Whatever , I'm going to Disneyland ! 
I'm not sure ... maybe 
Must do homework ... 
Half way done ! 
Alright , I'm gonna read some biology , finish some history make a to do list and plan some dinner . I got this ! 
I love Super Nanny ! 
I should start thinking about getting dressed ... I think I'll watch Hocus Pocus instead ! 
Today is okay i guess ... I know something you don't know ! 
I won't get dressed today . Methinks tis a lazy day ! 
Back to painting the kitchen 
Just finishing up the kitchen ! It looks good ! 
Had a amazing day . Now I'm tired . 
Doing bio review for test on tuesday 
No I will not donate my corneas ! 
Got my halloween costume ! 
Trying to write my english paper , don't interrupt me . I can distract myself just fine thank you . Case in point , Facebook . 
Osteomyelitis or Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome ? 
Did one good deed today . I've done something to feel good about my life today ! 
I screwed up my knee once again . So , I'm lying on the couch with my leg brace on . So very sepsy ! 
Is drugged and should be going to the hospital tomorrow . 
Boo I hate doctors ! 
It may never be lupus , but it is for this paper ! 
I have to finish my term paper ... boo school 
this paper may be the death of me ... I think mayhaps I'll take a half day tomorrow . 
I finally finished my ten < PROPFEMALE > term paper ... maybe next time I won't wait till a few days before it's due ... although I've proven it can be done ... 
Class was canceled today ... sesame street sucks now ... 
Hmm what should I do today ? 
Oh i don't think I feel good . I would like to go back to bed . 
Ewww 
I did so very well in catching myself up with schoolwork in the last few hours ! Yay for me ! Now all thats left is to con my teachers into taking late work for full credit ... 
Who wants to guess how crowded it will be at Disneyland tomorrow ? 
Boo I wish I wasn't sick so I could be at camp ! Happy 50th ECP ! 
Boo ! I am done being sick ! It's holiday preparation time ! Doesn't my body know this ? 
Doctors are so ridiculous ! I already knew I had an ear infection but I'm so glad he concurred ... just give me the amoxicillin ! 
I'm on information overload about weddings and school ... so I'm gonna go to bed . 
Someone come visit me ! I need some friend time ! 
ahh ... eggnog ! 
Ok I get it ! I'll send in my summer camp application soon ! But no more odd dreams about camp ! 
Boo , Project Runway ! BOO !!! 
Mmm ! Fresh cranberries ! 
Well now ... Isn't that special ! 
Grr ! why won't people just entertain me ! 
Just gave Madi a bath 
Ha ! I just found out my classes don't resume today ! I'm so special ! 
I've just decided that 16 weeks of classes are bad ... 
So I signed up for classes , with some problems , but ultimately its all good because classes don't start for me till the end of March ! 
I'm frozen ! It's like the Arctic in my room ! It's at least 20 degrees colder than the rest of the house 
All good songs have no meaning , that way they can mean anything to anyone because they don't mean anything at all ! 
IWINIWINIWIN ... I WIN ! I beat Dad at Jeopardy ! 
Yay Christmas and the amazing feeling when you give ! 
Done with finals ! 
Oh I've slept so late ! Now i can't wake up enough to function properly and i don't want to go to the dentist ! 
Oh I am up extremely early ! 
Ahh .. the joys of doing laundry ! 
Where in Disneyland can you see a dead body ? 
Had a wonderful time talking about dark matter and the evolution of homo-sapiens among other things last night ! 
Happy Christmas , or < PROPFEMALE > Christmas if you prefer ! 
Ten million slaves crossed that ocean They had shackles on their legs 
Television is such crap now ... no wonder I stopped watching . 
Life is too important to be taken seriously ! - < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
Totally gearing up for winter retreats ! 
Green ! 
How is it that all things lead to camp ? 
I need a Disneyland fix ! 
It's National Hat Day today ! Celebrate by wearing your favorite hat ! 
21 Jump Street marathon ! Admit it , you're so jealous ! 
Derwood the fish is dead 
Home safe and sound 
I say , Mrs. Hudson's comings and going and goings and comings appear most sinister . 
Yay for Mamma Mia sing-a-long and Mommies ! 
woohoo for mojitos ! 
In the middle God had some fun ! He made a hippo that weighs a ton ! Why do I have the hippo song in my head today ? 
So I just finished my phone interview for camp- and I'm not sure what to think . 
I'm watching < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > because it's awesome ! 
Dad left this morning for Charleston , SC and won't be back till friday night and I have to start going to classes today- oh boo ! 
I feel like I never get to do anything anymore and classes just started ! I have to do everything late at night because I don't get home till 6/ 6:30 - I'm tired ! and here I am wasting more time on facebook ! 
No ! Not Pandora Boxx ! This is just awful ! 
Sitting in the airport Waiting to get on the plane ... 
Je devrais faire < PROPFEMALE > lecture ... Mais je dis écrire des choses inutiles en français à la place ! 
Sitting in class dreading my test results- also waiting for class to start 
It's Disney time ! 
I have about an hour before I have to be dressed to go to class ... so i think i'll be in sweats just a teeny bit longer ! 
I'm not functioning well today at all 
I love it when I don't want to go to class and it turns out to be canceled ! 
I still don't feel good yet somehow I have to motivate myself out of my bed and go to class so I can make up two tests that I've missed so I can pass my class- Why must I get sick at the most inopportune times ? 
I've got one last final in a little less than 2hrs and I'm sleepy 
I'm done ! Oh thank the Lord I'm done with finals ! 
To the play ! 
27 days 11 hours 10 mins ! 
Getting my hair did ! 
I just got in and I'm surprised at how some things went and not so surprised with others- all in all a good night 
12 days 11 hours 49 minutes 
Corvette Diner cause it's my birthday ! Or because I say it's my birthday ! 
Does anyone know when I should be to camp ? 
Down to civilization ! Woohoo ! 
On the road ! 
21st birthday celebration for me !!! 
I'm in a ghosty mood and not one kind of haunted anything is on television ! How very rude ! 
So I was going to go to church in the morning- but driving through PB at any time tomorrow sounds like an awful plan- unless you enjoy crazy drunk people and their shenanigans - that's a legit excuse to miss church , right ? 
Just doing my extremely large heap of laundry- for those of you that have seen it- Yes , I'm finally washing it ! 
Its official - I'm addicted to Phineas and Ferb ! 
Going to Sorcerer's Apprentice with the parents 
On my way to the airport - hopefully I have everything 
Prance , I said ! 
Here I am at Disneyland waiting for my shift to start 
Yeah that's right I'm watching the view's 3,000 th episode . 
Doing paperwork ... I should really go to sleep ... but it's hot 
Yeah that's right , I'm staying up to do laundry and the dishes , what of it ? 
It's so Christ-chic 
Instead of \corrupting\ " people I turn them on to Disney . It's the new drug ! " 
If at first you don't succeed , complain loudly untill they give it to you 
I'm really wishing I didn't go on the Pottery Barn website right now . 
I've finished it ! 
Everybody likes Popsicles frozen suckers ! 
Orangina ! 
I'm getting new boots ! 
