Someone was def just creepin outside my house at 130 in the morning ! I'm def on high alert now !! 

Why do summers get worse and worse every year ?? 
NEW TATTOO ! ouch it hurt ! took 2 hours !! 
Why is it so cold outside ? I was hoping for 135 today ... 
Best Day EVER yesterday ! :D 
Just home from the Most Amazing weekend ever ! Thanks to those who made it so fun and special ! :) 
I'm a Goddamn American Jedi ... 
I'm SO ready to be done driving .... i wanna come home and see certain people ... 
Finally made it to Kentucky !!! long 3 days of driving ... 
Woo ! Excited for Roller Coasters at < PROPMALE>'s Island tomorrow !! :D 
WOOOOOOO !!!!!! ROLLER COASTERS ALL DAY LONG !!!! :D 
Journey Concert Tonight !!!! WOOO !!! :D 
tired ... its been a long busy week .. 
Tired , but dont really want to go to sleep yet ... 
hahaha ... wow im bored ... lol 
Just got my brakes fixed ... what a rip-off .... as usual 
Clouded .... 
Had a great weekend ... wish it wasnt over so soon ... :( 
pissed about losing that fucking apartment ... 
Tired of house hunting .... and job hunting .... 
crazy day ! filled with car chases , rock climbing/bouldering , 40ft < PROPMALE > Jumping , swimming in glacier water , mexican fiestas , climbing on the rooftops of buildings not meant to be climbed , chasing drunk drivers , and playing at the playground .... woo , me am pooped .. 
LONG weekend that is basically starting now .... busy busy busy .... 
Absolutely the worst week ever ... death in the family , rejected from one school , loss of financial aid , roomy backed out and i lost my house , got a speeding ticket , cant pay for school now , and am stuck at my parents house ... 
Finally moved in to Corvallis !! 
Just back from an early ass morning deer hunt .. alot of fun though ! :D 
Theres a whole new world behind my wall ... 
Reflecting ... 
Going Camping and Hunting all Weekend at Siuslaw ! :D 
yay ! everybody in my house is getting swine flu !! :( 
I hate you new facebook homepage ... why are there 2 types of newsfeeds that say the exact same thing ? 
Woo ! Halloween is gonna be so Sick this year ! :P 
I have given up on carving my stupid pumpkin ... i think it is time to blow it up with the proper application of explosives ... :D 
Blew up the pumpkin .... :D 
ugg ... 
I remember now why I hate school ... 
Thinks the Discovery Channel should have accredited TV shows , so you can earn your degree from watching really interesting educational shows , rather than listen to boring lectures and taking unfair tests ... 
I am wondering why I woke up to fighter jets flying around over Corvallis of all places ? 
the real prize for shaggy wasn't a little scooby snack .. it was a little scooby snatch ! :P 
Yay ! windows 7 ! :D 
AVATAR ... just absolutely EPIC ! :D 
My latest addiction ..... Avatar in 3D .... yes ! seen it 3 times already !!! :D 
Yes ! Feeding the Addiction ! just returned from Avatar in 3D for the 4th time !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! ..... only thing that'd make it better is if that special someone was here with me ... 
Uh oh .... Tom just stole < PROPFEMALE>'s Milk duds ... this night is not gonna end well ! 
What's the deal with all this half-ass snow/ice rain crap ? it should just commit and become a blizzard already ! 
Packing ... new apartment tongiht ! woo ! 
Nude tone :P 
Mmmmm ... gummy fruit snacks ... :D 
\Legion\ " = Awesome ! :D " 
\Hey ! Those are my honkers ! \"" 
To clear the air here , since everybody seems to be missing the point . Doppelganger week is where you put up a pic of someone famous that other people say you look like . In my case , people often tell me that I look like < PROPMALE > Cruise . So my putting up a pic of him as my doppelganger , does not in any way imply that I either want to look like , or be like < PROPMALE > Cruise ... Just so you kno 
Definition of \Adric\ " according to urban dictionary : 1 . Adric ' Just being like the man its named after . Fucking awesome or just being a jerk . ' lol " 
Injured Ankle , Injured Knee , Injured Back .... interesting night .. 
Hates ignorant people .... 
Dear Facebook , Please stop changing the home < PROPFEMALE > and chat , only to make things worse and more confusing than before . Thank you . 
The only easy day ... Was yesterday ... 
Is curious as to why my mentally deficient neighbor has decided to change his normal routine of blasting techno music all night , to a night of blasting up beat jazz ? 
Fuck you doctors .... 
Yay ! tonight at midnight im officially 21 !!!!! :D 
Yay ! It's my Birthday ! 
Bored ...... 
Finds it almost sickening how stupid and naive people can be ... and not even about hugely complicated things ... 
wonderful , my back injury was finally starting to heal up ... and then i go and fall on a huge boulder , on my back ... spectacular :( 
Stuck ... 
Wishing I had the right words .... 
I <3 IKEA ... :D 
Not even remotely a good night ... 
Life is full of hard decisions , I only pray that the decision I just made was the right one ... 
I would never lie . I willfully participate in a campaign of misinformation .... :P 
Another Exciting day full of shooting guns at aimless shit ... oh how I love being an American :) 
Question everything , because everything is possible ... 
Today I legitimately witnessed a duck threesome ( as in the bird ) ... im not sure whether to feel violated or turned on ? hmmmm :P 
Yay ... it would appear that just about all of corvallis ' power just went out ... its very annoying ... i hope my food doesn't spoil ... 
So I guess the power is out in corvallis , albany , philomath , & lebanon due to multiple downed lines ... this blows ... 
Had an unusual but adventuresome night lastnight ... went shooting , camping , saw a UFO ( as in simply an unidentified flying object , no claim of EBE presence at all ) , got stalked by something creepy in the woods , and destroyed a giant tv ... good fun :) 
Finally a break ! hopefully the good news keeps coming my way :) ** knock on wood ** 
Hates people who post political opinions or views , but has no experience , expertise , or knowlege about what they're talking about , they just repeat what their parents/siblings/spouse says without any actual understanding ... it pisses me off ... almost as much as just plain stupid people ... 
Is currently frustrated by all the little things .... they have a way of building up on you ... 
YES ! just got the very FIRST copy of the NEW Xbox 360 ! mwahahahahahahaha , my all night endeavor was a success ! :D 
It Was A Sad Day Today ... 
Day 1 of intense deep cleaning of my apartment , done ... yes ! 
Excited for an entire weekend with < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
I hate doctors .. not because I disagree with their work or anything .. but simply because exactly when you need them , they are completely useless and cant ( wont ) help you ... 
Just saw The Last Airbender .... it was just kinda weird ... cool , but weird ... definitely a < PROPFIRST > movie ( lol , that one was for you tom ... LOL ) 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Kickass Performance by the Oregon Army NG last night at the baseball game ! 
So the extension cord that was plugging my AC unit into the wall got so hot today that it melted and caught on fire ... awesome ... lol 
just climbed a 300 foot < PROPMALE > and rock face at smith rocks ... today was an epic day :) 
Pics up from Smith Climb :) 
Hates it when you put the effort to email , text , or call someone and they dont have the common courtesy to return the effort ... 
Today's bordome level = 5 hours of knot tying ... lol 
Some days , I just don't feel like slaying dragons ... 
I wish I was like Wolverine , that way shit wouldn't ever hurt , and if it did i could just chop it off and it would grow back nice and new .... 
Officially < PROPFEMALE > and My 1 year Anniversary today ! :D 
ouch , they never told me in < PROPFEMALE > biology that sea barnacles were sharp enough to cut skin ... stupid little @#$*# 
I'm ready for the heat to go away .... I want Fall to be here already ... ugg 
In all the time < PROPMALE > Potter and Voldemort spend dueling , why hasnt either one of them just been a bit smarter and pulled out a gun and shot the other one in the head ? it would end shit so much quicker , and they wouldnt have these drawn out battles that nobody ever wins ... lol 
I think protesting at a funeral , despite your political beliefs , should count as a guaranteed free ride to hell ... stupid mother fuckers 
Fuck you facebook 
New Couch ! :D 
I wish stupid ignorant people who think they know everything , and feel it necessary to share to the world would get punched in the face by a big jail house guy named butch , and told to shut up or be butch's bitch . Because i'm sick and tired of listening to people's utter bullshit about how the world MUST be this way or that way ... stupid people 
You know , it really isn't fair that only children get to run about naked , but if an adult does its a heinous crime ... what bullshit 
Yay ! Looking forward to a weekend of hunting and camping ! :D 
Just saw Paranormal Activity 2 .... fucking INTENSE ! way better and scarier than the first one ... hahahaha 
It's funny , how everyone seems to have lost their minds this election season . Nobody cares about the actual problems that can and need to be fixed in < PROPFEMALE > , & wut can be done realistically to fix problems * . Instead Everyone has their heads up their asses playin the blame game . I wish ppl would stop party politics & examine facts , individual candidates , then make an assessment . Party's aren't evil , people are evil . 
likes the 2 F-15's doing circles overhead around corvallis ... :D 
Send a number to my inbox , and i'll tell you what I think about you ... 
12 : you are easily the coolest person that I have ever known , although you have your tendencies to be arrogant and annoying on occasion , in the end there is nobody i'd rather walk through hell with 
11 : You are a fantastic person and definitely a missed opportunity due to crappy circumstances , had things not gotten in the way I think we could have had a really great time together .. but beyond that you are still one of the toughest people i know and respect , and you are always someone that I will appreciate having in my life ... 
810 : You are the highlight of my day . There have been many bumps in the road , but they have only improved the way we live our lives . There are still many things that will change & evolve in time , but I cant imagine a stronger person to overcome & adapt to the ever changing atmosphere , & to become the best person you could never have imagined . W/out you I'd still be back at square 1 , & for that I owe you everything . 
Why does anybody follow/listen to < PROPFIRST > assange or anything from wikileaks ? They now are cyber attacking fucking anybody that disagrees with them , like PayPal .. and they have it set up so any person can \join in\ " on their hack attack .. wtf these people are traitors and extremists .. how can ppl be so stupid to follow them ? " 
This will be interesting . POKE me if you ever had a crush on me ; LIKE this status if you think I'm a good friend ; MESSAGE me if you ever wanted to date me ; COMMENT if we ever had good memories . Now let's see who's brave enough to COPY and PASTE this as their status 
I like \liking\ " my own statuses ... it validates how much i like them :) " 
TRON : Legacy = EPIC Movie !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
I feel like I'm a special kind of redneck ... all that I currently have in my fridge are pickles and beer ... lol 
Fucking COD , and women ... both so simple , and yet so hard ... 
Moving on Monday ! :D 
FINALLY finished moving ! just a bit more unpacking and I'm done ! :D 
Why must neighbors always suck ? 
kickass day of skiing ! :D 
HILARIOUS !!! LOL\ 
\ 
1 . Go to Google Maps and click on \Get Directions . \ " \ 
excellent job < PROPFIRST > fire dept ... the building's fire alarm triggers , smoke is in the air the whole place has evacuated , and when do you guys show up ?? 20 < PROPFEMALE > later ... great ti < PROPFEMALE > g skills there ! 
yay ! its FINALLY snowing here .... lol 
Thank you so much to all of you who sent me birthday wishes whether by phone , or facebook . You all made my birthday really awesome ! :D 
Dear Messes , the world would be a better place if you would just learn to clean yourself up ... sincerely , a lazy person :) 
Yea ! Goin shootin today ! Been a while ... fuck yea ! 
Battle : Los Angeles ... AWESOME movie ! 
