visiting with my cuzs < PROPFEMALE > Mckinzie and < PROPFIRST > . yay i havent seen them in forever lolz 

man idk . I need my own room an shit . gotta have privacy ya kno ?? 
bored . watching tv lol . who new soap operas could be so interesting ??? hehe 
man I'm high lol 
someone message meh on my wall 
man I'm bored as fuck :(( . I needa smoke . hahaha . ugh 
what's up ? hit the inbox up if you wana talk ;) 
friend request needed ! lol 
back in wisconsin chillin . gonna be illy with my syrup an smoke . haha . Hell Yah . Im stayin til august an movin out my aunts house an gettin an appartment . OMFG ! CANT WAIT 
man just woke up . stayed up til like 5am lol 
blah blah blah .... blah blah 
who plays knighthood ?? bc i need more vassals lol 
STAYIN WIT MY SIS AN NEPHEW IN WISCONSIN . PROB TIL AUGUST . IDK 
just chillen wit my nephew playin the xbox an listenin to gucci haha . thats my shit . ima be gettn some dro too :)) WHO WANTS TO GET CHINK EYED ???? MMMMEEEE !!!! IMA A DUMB ASS LMFAO 
Can't wait for my < PROPFEMALE > to come to wisconsin :)) Yayy lol 
helped my sister pack today . it was a pain in the ass even tho she did most of the work hahaha 
omg my mutha fuckin homie just added meeeeeee !!!!!! :D 
man i just did the dishes . ugh eww 
..... like i have this social phobia that makes me really nervous an shy an makes me not wanna be around people ... but usually when im not around them i feel like im lonely or some shit . idk . its fucked up 
why cant we be sober ? i just want to start this over Tool - Sober 
Will you swear on your life , that no one will cry at my funeral ??? 6 Am - Life Is Beautiful 
dissapointed again . thats all my life is .. a bunch of fucking dissapointments 
my sister just moved into the ghetto in wisconsin an im visiting her .. so that means that i gotta stay there . Fuck ! Definitely not what i would call being comfortable an chill in ur own house :(( 
< PROPFEMALE > n I'm in wisconsin wit my < PROPFEMALE > :D . i < PROPFEMALE > mommys girl .... ha ... lolz . ( Embarrassed smile ) 
to anyone who seen a certain pic ... it is NOT mine and was uploaded by comlpete accident an will be erased ASAP 
to anyone who has seen a certain pic ... it is NOT mine and was uploaded by comlpete accident an will be erased ASAP 
man I just wanna say that .... im feeling for all my true homies right now . I miss you !! <3 coming back to F-Town around July 10th 
chillen an watching the movie Gridiron Gang .... wanting to smoke :( .. lol 
man .... im high ;D .... lls 
man i got the inet back on my sis ' laptop bc she moved an was stealin someone elses inet an now .... we are again .. lls 
I'm bored ... an needing a cig . ugh 
man my back hurts :( oh well ima pass out anyway ... zzzzzzz 
going shopping tomorrow ..... hella awesome ... :D 
man im high an chillen at my besties house ... awesomes 
listening to lil < PROPMALE > wife beater ... hella awesome song ... haha 
man im sick an i thought today was gonna be a bitch .... but its all good now hehe 
i got a headache an im still sick . ugh i feel like shit :'( 
in logansport wit my < PROPFEMALE > an her bf til thursday ... 
just figured out what a gravity < PROPFEMALE > was ...... haha 
man its hot as hell outside .. shit i was takin a walk wit my homies an i was bout to have a heat stroke or some shit lls 
man chillen at my aunts house ... hopin to smoke bd I leave .. haha 
man chillen at my aunts house ... hopin to smoke b4 I leave .. haha 
man its abt time for me to go to the grocery store an get some dro .. lmfao 
first nite at the new house ... man idk hows its bout to turn out .... 
