happy new year , greenwich mean time , time for bed 

im staring to think everyone on fb was drinkinghardcre lastnight . its been barren for quite a while 
boy , having a couple days off is a hell of a thing ... one learns to take them for granted 
A challenge to all in facebook land , say something . doesnt matter if its relevant . make a statement ... the air grows stale 
Why , when an escalator is out of order , is there a sign that says \escalator out of order\ " instead of \ " escalator temporarily stairs \"?" 
it's kinda AWESOME SEEING MY DAUGHTER PLAY LEGEND OF ZELDA : A link tohe past ... a game i played when i was her age ... kinda brings back the better parts of my childhood 
sicker than a dog . came down with pnuemonia ... havent slept or ate 
what did the potato chip way to the battery ? if youre EVERREADY , im FRITO-LAY 
finally shaved the beard ... feel a little naked 
MAN !!! did we sell an assload of big K !!! 
life is like a box of chocolates ... these nuts taste salty in my mouth 
where else in the world , can one experience the whole gamut of human emotion and logic , ( or lack thereof ) but < PROPFEMALE > grocery store ? 
what rolls downstairs , alone , or in pairs , rolls over your neighbors , dog . whats great for a snack , it fits on your back its log log log 
after several long disscussions with nigele ... i offiially miss the 90's 
just got back from the optometrist . never had glasses before . after the exam he gave me some test lenses , and WOW , shat a difference it made\ 
cant wait to get my glasses !!! ( giddy as a japanese schoolgirl ) 
ive officially gotten bored with facebook . whos gonna help me out . give me a topic , any topic . a thought . ive got something to offer in return , im sure . ( loates the fact that im trolling for attetntion ) 
my wife is so awesome ! my wife is so awesome ! she is the best wife ever ... even when shes sick and in pain , she still works hard ! love ya babe ! 
there is no spoon . 
15 minutes til showtime ... willing to take a chair shot to the face for tickets to wrestling 
facebook seems bereft of emotion . strangely . where did the drama go ? bi thriveon drama . then again , i am probably not the only one .. here's hoping that your lives are normal for once . 
as the snow flies .. on a cold and gray Chicago morning , a poor little baby child is born , n the ghetto . and his mama cries , cuz if theres on thing she dont need is anothr hungry mouth to feed ... 
but on this most auspicious of nights permit me then , in lieu of the more commonplace sobriquet , to suggest the character of this dramatis personae ... voila !!! 
in veiw a humble vaudevillian veteran , cast vicariously as both victim and villain , by the vicissitudes of fate . this visage , no mere veneer of vanity ... 
is a vestige of the vox populi , now vacant , vanished . however , this valorous visitation of a bygone vexation stands vivified and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin vanguarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition . 
the only verdict in vengeance , a vendetta held as a votve not in vain , for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous 
verily , this vechyssoise of verbiage veers most verbose . so let me simply add that its my very good honor to meet you and you may call me ... V 
inglorious basterds , zombieland and quantam of solace ... pretty damn good marathon if i say so 
and im gonna put this out here right now , no one ... NO ONE ... liked the V speech ? 
Ill bet a large pzza nooe knw my cartoon characers 
see , now < PROPFIRST > would knoww this one ... 
You and i wake up in jail together . Using 4 words what do u say to me ? Note : if u comment u must repost so i can comment ... b a good sport 
what olls downstirs , alon , or in pairs , rolls over yourneighbors dog , it's great for a snack , it fits on your back , its log , log LOG !! 
to those i missed this evening , < PROPFEMALE > christmas , chums 
dude !!! i dont want to scare anyone bt there's somthing under my tree 
where's the rum ? 
You and I woke up together . Using ONLY 4 words what would you say to me ? If you comment , copy and paste this as your status . Come on play along I did ! :) 
( wind whistles ) got quiet all of a sudden 
going out tomorrow night for poker night with a lifetime of friends , wish you could all be there 
atcing < PROPFEMALE > 22 , rocking out to an elevator version of gangstas paradise 
I CAN SEE ...!!! 
Thank God , my wife found my glasses ! 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . BUT , WANT YOU TO LIE . That's right . JUST MAKE SHIT UP . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same 
facebook is cold tonight , someone please warm my heart 
Does anyone have the cure for boredom ? 
100 friends , and no one says smack , save a true few 
( sniffs)nothing like snorting walleye chunk off of a hookers back 
im up for a deep discussion or debate , whos got a topic ? 
im not a bad man , just not a very good one 
nothing worse than waking up early , having breakfast and getting ready for work before you reallize , you're off 
my pimp hand is strong 
have i seen you naked yet , if not , like this so we can sort this out 
tell me whats on your mind , ill tell you what you shouldnt be doing ... 
: wonders if anyone ever googled thier boss 
its been a dull couple of nights on here , anyone have anythng to offer ? 
feels like startin some shit 
thats right .. disappear fool 
simple cavemen wanna < PROPMALE > a rock , against smeone whose numb from the neckup 
ask me about ... fine wine ... if im a guest at your house , i prefer hard liquor , but wine is fine 
