do you have any idea how many homeless people are throwing milkshakes at cops this very second ? 

There are too many people too angry at a world that isn't the least bit angry at them . 
going to see antigone tonight , and then first friday !!!! :D 
i love three-day weekends .. even though they mean absolutely nothing new for me :P :P 
i think i'm starting to get why people are so gosh darn sassy when i don't respond to their texts :| :| i hate waiting #% (*#) $%@ 
Quote of the Day : You're never too old for pedophiles . 
Porn crashes computers , that's what I know . 
would really like a smoothie . now just where does my mother keep the blender ?!?!???????? :( 
Holy smokes , you gotta be pretty brave to ride on a tiger in your underpants . 
Sweet pea : that's a good gay name . 
just saw an ant trying to drag a lady bug carcass through the rocks .. way to bite off more than you can chew my friend . 
if you stop eating french fries it wouldn't be so sloppy when you shake it . 
crosby stills and nash tonight !!!!!!!!! <3 
Why do you have a bow on the beans ? 
Love the shit out of my friends <3 
We go all the way up the mountain and it explodes . 
when I say household it sounds like asshole 
Red Bull improves performance . 
Does it look like I have a garden gnome in my backpack ? 
Boy , don't you worry ... you'll find yourself . Follow you heart and nothing else . 
Tell that to the man I killed ... 
I'm just gonna summon satan from your powerbox . 
I don't have anything in common with a desk .. Except that I'm hard . 
< PROPMALE > Ruiz just made my morning :3 
Hola senior , I am here to shave zee grass !! 
That's a little unnatural . 
She swims and she forms trees ! 
Apparently I fell asleep watching some telemundo .. 
so happy with life . ^_^ 
8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 , 8 
Tacie's just playing with herself . 
I was filming this dead bird- 
Why don't you grow some balls and stop bitching about peanut butter ?? 
Quite fondling my carpet >:| 
Gotta be husslin ' man , I don't have a job- turn that fifteen bucks into thirty X3 
Two hours of my life down the pisser .. Time for a delicious fucking sandwich . 
Really looking forward to today- nowhere to be ' til 2 , and then TWO Japanese classes this evening .. boner ! X3 
You're a compound word ! 
In the hallway- again ??!! 
Inside your feeble brain there's probably a whore . 
Oh , white people .. 
One episode of Family Guy ends on TBS , another starts on Adult Swim ; my country boner ? It won't go down . It won't go down X3 
now there's someone with whom i'd like to share a cold brewsky . 
but danzig i only have one skull : c 
< PROPMALE > Cox , Scorpionman . Does everything a scorpion can ~ 
Doubledipping . 
It tastes like chocolate and nuts . 
He walked in looking like Jesus with glow sticks . 
Must you eat nachos and pick your seat at the same time ?? 
Why can't I ever be satisfied with anything ? 
1 universe , 9 planets , 204 countries , 809 islands , 7 seas , and I had the privilege to meet you ? 
My little FOB <3 
Mi Verga es < PROPFEMALE > y muy fea ... y todo el mundo lo sabe .. 
Weekend homework : become self-aware and destroy humans . 
Yo ' name is < PROPFIRST > ! 
I took the < PROPFEMALE > of fertilizing your caviar . 
I bet i have soooo many spiders on my eyelashes . 
Harumph ! 
Sorry I have the body language of a god .. 
I can listen with my eyes closed . 
got a large boner ! 
Countin ' flowers on the wall . 
Why you sick , sick little moo-cow ! 
You don't know the meaning of the word \boner\ " ' til you've had mi madre's Thanksgiving left-overs .. * o * " 
just heard a little Asian fellow singing about how much he loves his french fries .. My day is complete <3 
\You rakin ' leaves ?? \ " Nooo I'm cleanin ' up the TiVo .. " 
You can't predict the future , you're not /actually/ Asian ! 
No Satan in this house !! 
Jewry : the Jewish people collectively . 
You ever wonder why chickens don't wear pants ?? Cuz their peckers are on their face . 
An emotion as much tells you nothing about reality , beyond the fact that something makes you feel something . 
your = possessive , you're=compound of you and are- NOT THAT HARD . because yes , i care . -_-' 
hooray for metaphors !! 
son , there better not be any walking dead up there ! 
Oh really ? Well , maybe you should look in the smart part of your brain .. 
i don't want anything canadian in this house ! 
