LA LA LA LA LA .... I'm NOT listening ~ ! 

I am genuinely starting to hate people 
Well the truck died on our way to school today so Cesario and I took about a 25 minute walk to get there . Needless to say he was exhausted by the time we got to the classroom . After getting some water he laid underneath the table while I turned in my work this week . I'm glad he was there since I would have hated doing that walk alone . 
Ugh ... I just found my good head phones yesterday and today I lose them again . 
I am SO mad right now 
December is coming quick and there are so many things to be excited about ! 
PEPPERMINT BARK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Today sucked . 
As if my day couldn't get any worse the screen on my iPod touch is cracked . Which means I have to go through a long process of backing it up and buying another one 
I don't know how often I repeat , \Don't lock Cesario in my room . \ " Seems like a waste of time to do so anyways . If anything just put the one that won't destroy things in my room . " 
Cleaned the house today . I understand the shock , but I am baffled as to why they are in a state of disbelief over my perilous feat . 
got the blue < PROPFIRST > :) I named her Sawyer and < PROPFEMALE > loves her 
A new video of Sawyer will be up soon . She's much more lively today ! Not really . She's pretty mellow . 
I've decided to learn how to play an instrument . 
Why is it so bright outside ??? Guess I should take Cesario and Sawyer out to play abit . Maybe walk over to Meggy's house . 
Sawyer has chewed through both my game controller charge cables so I am pretty glad I bought a cheap back up gamestop controller when I first bought my system . Still mad at Sawyer though . Won't be playing two controller games for awhile . What I don't understand is that there were other things to chew on in here ... So at two different points in time why chew on those ? What was SO compelling about them ? 
is at Toys R Us :) 
So I am too excited for March to stay in February . Just got to deal and try and live in these moments and focus on getting Cesario and Sawyer ready . Anticipation is keeping me off my game . :( 
Whenever I download something successfully , I feel like I've caught a new pokemon ;P 
now that the weekend has passed I just have to survive until March 6th . This is going to be REALLY hard ! 
My ocarina has arrived ! 
