Is so excited her baby is coming home tonight !!! 

' s tired of being the only adult in the house ... 
' s very hungry . 
wants a cat . 
Needs coffee ... badly ... 
Hi-ho , hi-ho , it's back to work I go ! I'm so excited ! It's been a long six weeks ! 
err ... two year olds ... 
it's the weekend , I don't work , and my bro is coming home ! Yay ! 
Great night last night ! 
Ready to lay the Zo down ; I've got a mouthy three year old . 
red with < PROPFIRST > polka dots ! 
doin ' taxes ... 
had a super day at work , is excited to have the weekend off and is looking forward to date night with Alfie on Monday !!! 
doesn't really like people today ... 
I have updated pics now ... check them out ! 
Time to get ready for the day ! 
Happy Easter ! 
Getting my girls ready for the day ! 
Wishes she could go back to bed . It's the perfect day to sleep in . 
Has been up since 630 and has spent most of the morning fighting with two toddlers ... 
Hungry ... excited for Saturday ! 
Why do my girls hate me and wake up at 5:30 in the morning ??? 
Whoopee ! Laundry ... 
Housework then < PROPFEMALE>'s bachelorette party tonight !! 
I'm hungry and Alfie won't make me eggs . It's been a great night ! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Lil Liv was up crying all night and < PROPFEMALE > decided to wake up at 530 . I'm a little tired . 
Eating some food , then off to work for inventory ! 
Wishes she could stay in bed ... 
It's hot ! I love it ! 
Does not want to go to work today . 
Time for breakfast ... wish I had time for Pannekoeken ... 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Red Wing and the Cities today ! 
So psyched ! Just bought Season 1 of the X-Files and I'm watching it right now !! 
The weekend is almost here ... 
I'm going to have < PROPMALE > To the Rescue stuck in my head all day ... 
Beautiful , beautiful day ! 
The girls let me sleep in this morning !! 
The girls are finally down for a nap , time to get some housework done ! 
Sitting at home with fam after a busy day ... 
Moving some furniture around ... 
Off to work to organize some bras . 
It's so beautiful today ! I just want to play ! 
< PROPMALE > Petty ... June 22 !! 
Bridal shower and bachelorette party tonight ! 
Bed , bed , bed . 
Time to get out of bed . The girls are hungry . 
Sitting at home relaxing and watching tv with Alfie . 
Off to bed , it's back to work tomorrow . 
It's hot . : ) 
It's bedtime . Is the weekend almost here ? 
My throat hurts ... : ( 
Laundry !! 
Off to work on this gorgeous day , but after today I am off until Tuesday !! Yay ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s wedding today ! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
No voice , but last night was pretty damn awesome ! 
Breakfast , Whitewater , and then a grill out at home . 
is so tired . Whitewater was a blast ! 
Busy , busy weekend . Going back to work is going to be relaxing ! 
Dear Voice , please come back to me . I miss you ! 
My voice is back ! 
Does not want to get out of bed . 
What to do today , what to do ... 
Dance Your Ass Off in 20 minutes !! 
It's a gloomy day . A good day to curl up with a book ! 
Whose Line Is It Anyway ?! 
Girls to daycare and then off to work ! 
What to make for dinner ... 
Off to work on this rainy day ... 
Sleepy ... 
Loves her cat ! 
Watching The World Cup ! 
Oh why can't little girls let me sleep in ? 
I need a nap and an hour to myself ... 
Why am I awake ? 
Oh Target , you could learn from jcp ... 
I'm very sleepy . 
Ehh ... one of those days ... 
That spider was huge ! 
I have ... a nook !!! 
Very sleepy ... time to get ready for work . 
I wish my girls would let me sleep in ... 
Rochesterfest and some errends ! 
< PROPMALE > Petty tomorrow !! Yay !! 
Off to work soon ... excited for tomorrow !! 
Happy 4th !! 
FINALLY saw Twilight Eclipse !! Loooved it !! 
Just got off of work ... kinda looooooppppy .... 
And I dreamt of handbags ... 
Is sleepy and ready to start her 11 day vacation !! 
Holy crap ... had sooo much fun last night !! 
I actually got to sleep in !! 
Zooo today yay !!! 
Had a blast up in the cities with Alfie and the girls , on our way back to Rochester !! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !! My baby is one year old ... 
Oh , what to do today , what to do today ... 
Just got back from Thursday's On First , wish we could have stayed longer , but the girls were behaving quite naughty ... 
Another steamy day ... hopefully hitting up the pool today ... 
grrr ... kids .... 
One down ... one to go ... 
Is feeling really lazy ... 
Home from the pool and < PROPFIRST>'s ... 
Today has been an alright day ... 
Creeps me out when the dog is staring out into the dark yard and is barking his head off ... 
addicted to this darn thing ... 
A nice relaxing day with my girls and Alfie !! One more day and then I'm back to work ... \ 
: ( 
Back to work tomorrow ... : ( 
Oh man I don't feel well ... 
Off today , date with < PROPFEMALE > tonight !! : ) 
Sleepy ... sleepy ... sleepy ... 
Errends today , possibly the dog park as well !! 
Headache from the kids and the heat ... 
Grilling ! 
Loves cuddling in bed with my babies ! 
Time for breakfast and laundry ! 
Getting ready for work ! 
Breakfast and work 
< PROPFEMALE > loves giving kisses right now . It's so cute !! 
It's my day off !!! 
Home from the mall and grocery shopping , now it's time for laundry and cleaning ! 
Shake and bake !! 
Wishes the cat would leave my toes alone ! 
Three day weekends are glorious !! 
Time to go back to work ... 
Well work was exciting ... 
Misses her < PROPFEMALE > , but has loved her one-on-one time with Livy !! 
Getting a bite to eat tonight with Alfie , then possibly , maybe meeting up with some of my girls ... 
Going to the Bronco game !! Cannot wait !! We're going to kick ass !! 
Looking forward to tonight !! 
Don't worry , I got my < PROPFIRST > Johns !!! 
Back to work tomorrow ... it was an awesome Labor Day weekend !! 
You know it's love when you get home from work and there is a 12 pack of your favorite pop sitting there and you didn't even ask for it ! : ) 
Pannekoeken , I believe ... 
Lazy day at home ... 
MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL !! 
I need new work shoes ... 
Yay for 3 day weekends !! 
Great football today ! We get the Bronco game and a repeat of Manning Bowl ! Awesome !! 
Who wants to do my grocery shopping for me ? 
Sleepy sleepy , sad the weekend is over ... 
Wishes I can stay in bed and cuddle with the Zo ... 
It felt good sleeping in today ... 
Busy day today !! Laundry , grocery shopping , house work , and < PROPFEMALE>'s swimming lessons ! 
Long day , relaxing and watching MNF . 
C'mon Bears ... 
Atta boy Cutler !! 
Wooo ... 
I hope my angel is feeling better today ... 
My Livy's my 70's rock baby ! 
Excited for tonight !! 
Green Mill , drinks and a movie tonight with Alfie !! 
Zombieland cracks me up . 
80 degree weather today ? Yes please !! 
Time for breakfast ! 
Is feeling like she's stuck in a rut . 
The Cat in the Hat is a little bit of a jerk . 
Is hungry . 
wishes Alfie would turn the fan off . 
Took the girls to the park and had lunch at Applebee's . It's such a beautiful day ! 
It's Mommy Week ! Repose the dates you became a Mom ... \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Alani Rios 5/8/07 @ 12:25 pm\ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Rios 7/13/09 @ 11:45 am 
Time to feed my munchkins . 
< PROPMALE > III would have been better with beer ... 
What to make for dinner ? 
Poor baby in Paranormal 2 ... 
I just love it when I work a closing shift and then turn around and have to open the next morning ... 
Day off yay !! 
Mole enchiladas , rice and some fresh veggies ! Alfie is a master in the kitchen ! 
Home from work , trying to get to sleep . 
Back to work ... 
Craving pumpkins with < PROPFEMALE > and the girls , Halloween costume shopping with Alfie , then out and about with the girls from work tonight !! 
Had a blast tonight ! 
Had a great weekend , but it's back to the grindstone tomorrow ... 
I don't really like people tonight ... and is it January yet ? 
Another fast paced , exciting day at JCP , then a day off tomorrow ! Hurray ! 
Girls ' bedroom clean , check . My bedroom clean , check . Bathroom clean , check . The black hole in my hallway reorganized , check . I feel like I accomplished something today !!! Yay ! 
Wishes she could be lazy in bed with her girls and listen to the rain fall ... 
Grown Ups is hilarious !! 
Happy Tuesday ! 
Well that's just silly ... 
Work at 4 , breakfast/lunch with the fam at Pannekoeken right now . 
Laying in bed with Alfie watching < PROPFEMALE > Lately . It's nice . : ) 
Well that was a hoot , time for Perkins ! 
WTF < PROPMALE > , let's get it together ! 
Couldn't even finish watching the end of the game , way too depressing . 
Time to get the day started ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone , safe travels ! 
Let the holiday shopping season begin ! 
Time for a nap . 
Breakfast , baths , Tangled , laundry and football ! A great day ! 
It's been a good weekend ! 
I guess winter is here . I love the snow until I have to go out in it . 
Ready for my day off tomorrow ! 
Egg nog and rum and 8 Crazy Nights with Alfie 
Can we get Shanahan back ? 
To the Dad who got stuck in the JCP parking lot , maybe dragging your kids to the mall in blizzard conditions wasn't such a smart idea . 
< PROPFEMALE > picked out the < PROPFEMALE > for the Christmas tree , it was very cute ! 
Watching A White Christmas with < PROPFEMALE > , baking a few cookies and then wrapping some Christmas gifts ! 
Ehh , work ... 
I'm disappointed in the American consumer . 
At home for the rest of the day . I'm attempting to make chicken curry , we'll see how it turns out ! 
Last late night of the Christmas season !! 
Last day of holiday hours ! * fist pump * 
A very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Should be cleaning ... 
Gets to have breakfast without two little girls asking me to share with them ! :D 
Friday night , you are mine ! 
Anybody know of a good home for a 14 week old male kitten ? 
My baby's sick ... : ( I wish I was sick for her ... 
Loves Fruit Roll-Ups ! 
Cheese and Spinach Stuffed Manicotti !! 
Yummy chicken < PROPMALE > ! 
Spring ? Are you going to be here soon ? 
Shrimp Creole was awesome ! 
Day 6 in my 11 day work week ... Almost done ! 
Yesterday wasn't the greatest , today is much better so far . I hope it stays that way ... 
Mr. < PROPMALE > the Groundhog better be right ! 
Last day of my 11 day work stretch ! * fist pump ! * 
I need some agua . 
Indian tonight ... :) 
Spring ? Is that you I hear knocking at the door ? 
Day off ! Time to organize the girls ' room . 
Zorbas ! 
Last day of work before my week long vacation starts ! 
I could get used to vacation ... 
Back to work tomorrow ... 
Celebrity Jeopardy . : ) 
Life is crazy sometimes . 
Feels awfully lazy today . 
