got my ticket to late night concert with HILLSONG !!!!!!!!!!! 

is wondering where his family is ... 
Happy Fathers Day !!!! 
tonight sounds like a good night to go to bed early 
work today but at least its time and a half 
is all psyched out for < PROPMALE > potter 6 . in 25.5 hours and counting ... 
just finished watching < PROPMALE > Potter 5 and is now even more excited for < PROPMALE > Potter 6 than before ... 
work 430 to 730 then idk 
off to Last Hurrah !!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > making 
is getting ready to head to the FAIR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is studying with < PROPFEMALE > . ( ok well I will be after we get off of facebook ) lol . 
my new fav quote ... \I am downing your songs right now\ " < PROPFEMALE > Mulch " 
brandons facebook has been facebook jacked bahhhhaaaaa !!!!!!!! lol ( aka elle ) 
6 days and counting until < PROPFEMALE > s favorite GLEE comes on !!!!!!!! on FOX !!!!!! YEAHHHHHH !!!! ps this is < PROPFEMALE > lol 
6 days and counting until ellens favorite show GLEE comes on !!!!! on fox !!!!! YEAHHHHH ps this is elle lol 
GLEE was awesome !!!! cant wait till next week !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Mulch < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Smith I say Hi to you ! 
Thanks for the Birthday wishes everyone ! 
had Noodles and Co for lunch it was delicious ... 
RIP < PROPMALE > ... 
Hello , My name is < PROPFIRST > and I am the Muffin Man !!! 
Today , I found out that the state of Illinois rejected the decision of the International Astronomical Union and still considers Pluto to be a planet . I have never been more proud of our state government . MLIA . 
has no status ... 
Today , I went to the grocery store to investigate an MLIA that said that the first ingredients in goldfish were smiles . While I was looking , a man picked up a bag of fish , read the back and yelled , \YES ! It does say smiles ! \ " and highfived his son as they walked away . MLIA " 
How much deeper would the ocean be without sponges ? 
wishes it would just snow already !!!! 
wishes we were done learning in astronomy ... too bad we are 2 chapters behind ... 
is officially done with finals for this semester !!!!! 
snickerdoodles ... check , peanut blossoms ... check , choclate mint thumbprints ... will just have to wait till tomorrow(my exciting new recipe ) 
Cant wait to see the peach drop here in Atlanta GA 
Happy New Year !!! Welcme to 2011 !!! 
At work then Fuel tonight !!!! 
ahhhhh LOST premier in less than 20 hours !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
IT'S PIE DAY !!!! :) 
That was an unexpected twist for LOST ... nice way to start with a bang 
Hillsong united chicago !!!!!! 
All I need is you Lord , is you Lord , is you Lord , all I need is you-You hold the universe , You hold everyone on earth , You hold the universe 
Lesson for the day do not use germ x then eat cheetos and expect to lick the cheese off ur fingers it tastes gross 
You are stronger , You are stronger , sin is broken , You have saved me , it is written Christ is risen , Jesus you are Lord of all 
As the word is ur sword wht good is it to u if its dull , sharpen it daily and u will surely be able to strke down the enemy 
AGAPE FEST !!!! 
Quote of the day- Once you lick the lollipop of mediocrity , you'll suck forever . 
is glad his friends ( whom he did not invite(which he never thought would leave))have finally decided to leave ... but they were fun times ... :D 
Got the job !!!! 
Got the second job whoo hoo !!! Lifeguard sub !!! 
LOST !!!!!!!!! Ahhhhh !!! 
LOST !!! :D 
I wanna get chocolate wasted !!!! 
Is off to teach a lifeguarding course on this beautiful morning ! 
15 days !!!!! 
14 Days !!! :) 
After 4 long days my waterfront lifeguarding course ends a success !!! My red cross instructor certificate gets to stay current !!! 12 days !! :) 
First Day of early morning training went well . 8 days !!! 
1 week until I leave for the DR !!! 
I may eventually get to finish my breakfast cook training but for now i am content with clocking overtime 
Coffee flavored yogurt ! Yummm 
Is extremly glad I made it home before the storm !! LESS THAN 4 DAYS !!!! 
very much enjoyed Toy Story 3 !!! Now to pack and study !!! 
Its the first day of summer !!! I leave in less that 24hrs for the Dominican Republic !!! 
Up and moving hmmm almost ready to leave !!!! 
In miami airport about to leave for the dominican republic , i will now be unreachable via electronic comm for next 8 days 
Is back in miami one last flight to go !!! 
Home Again !!! 
missing my new friends in the DR !!!! and all the kiddos !!! 
is in need of something to do !!! 
The greatest country in < PROPFEMALE > ??? WJBC announcer im seriously worried about you !!! 
Twister !!! 
i gotta go < PROPFEMALE > we got cows !!! \ 
another cow\ 
actually i think that was the same one\ 
we got sisters !!! ( not in reference to the cows ) 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > loves muffin our minds go together oh so well 
< PROPFEMALE > likes choco-nanners with awkward tongue motion 
I can feel you all around me , thickening the air im breathing , holding on to what im feeling , savoring this heart thats healing 
New Closer !!! 
is not content , where do I go from here ? My heart is yearning for healing , My soul is searching for comfort , My mind is in need of peace . To where do I turn ? My body aches for reprieve , to where can I run ? Lost in a whirlwind , I stumble through life beaten and broken . I am despaired . But I am NOT hopeless for I know my hope rests in Him who comforts , heals and brings peace . He restores the lost and directs my path !!! 
Hmmm what to do until I have to work at 3 ??? So much I should be doing ! 
Just spent 30mins searching for my keys their location ... the fridge ... why ... i was making lunch and set them in there for reasons unknown 
Guarding the tri this lovely morning 
excited to open at work tomorrow all by myself this shall be fun !!! :) ... not the 3:30 wake up call though 
\you're flirting over a dead body !?! \ " yeah when else am I supposed to do it ? \ " bahahaha " 
\When was the last time we had 2 stabbings in one day ?? \ " \ " Well cheer up maybe tomorrow will be stabbing day ! \"" 
Finally completely packed in the car and on the road 15hrs straight through to Jamboree !!! Byebye blo/no see ya again in 16days !!!! 
Indiana !!! 
Kentucky !! 
Oh west < PROPFEMALE > I almost missed you but you had to have a construction zone 
We have arrived but they wont let us check in for an hour back to town for breakfast 
Hmmm the joys of arriving early ... the mile long line for dinner !!! Too bad my dining facility is apptly named Longstreet dining ... oh dear 
is online at Jambo ??? hmmm this is new !!! 
Good morning from #jamboree2010 todays task finish the floor of our exhibit ... problem we ran out of materials ... trip to town 
< PROPFEMALE > Temperature : 99°F Feels Like : 112° Details :D angerous heat index . Outdoor exposure should be limited . Wind : From SSW at 10mph Hmm maybe I picked the wrong week to be here ??? Tomorrow Forecast : Mostly < PROPFEMALE > Temperature : 102° High looks even better !!! 
thinks he is being eaten alive solely due to the fact that the rest of dinner(human participants ) have yet to arrive here at the #jambo 
The excitement is building here at #jamboree2010 less than 48 hrs till the scouts arrive !!!! 
hmmm its bed time and the weather channel says its \HOT and HUMID\ " at 90degrees feeling like 100 but on the bright side we hit a record breaking high !!!!! 103 well looking forward to the rain tomorrow so it can be hot and steamy not just hot :) " 
What to do on my day off ?? #jamboree2010 doesnt start for 24 hours maybe a visit to the lake is required 
Just met an awesome scouter from Sweden , at the #BSAJambo , Sweden is hosting the 2011 world jamboree !!! How exciting !! 
is going to be practicing my knots I have been challenged by a veteran knot tier (?) to a knot tying challenge !!!! I am seriously think I will lose he has already schooled me twice today !!!! 
Just met some british scouts from essex england at #BSAjambo sooo coool 
Cant believe my council made the @JamboreeToday paper congrats #WDBoyce Council 
Sudden thunderstorm while much needed a big pain for activities it cools the temp and makes mud 
Mufasa ... ooohh do it again ... mufasa ... ooohhh 
helicopter fly-overs should not be allowed before 6AM even if the rest of the camp is awake , or at least avoid a staff camp fly-over please :) but an early breakfast and shower are ok pros of my extra early wake-up call 
Beautiful clear night sky tonight !! 
@jamboreetoday thanks for the awesome article about the sea scouts !!! 
@jamboreetoday Bravo Zulu ! 
had the most appetizing dinner just now ... harvest cheddar sun chips , capri sun , ritz handi snacks crackers and cheese , fig newtons , cow tales , and chocolate pudding ??? we are currently debating what is the dessert here and in search of the protein ... and waht to classify the non-dessert items as ... hmm 
Has accomplished a feat , I went to the 100th anniversary celebration , in my dress whites and managed to keep them white !!!!!!?! 
Happy Birthday BSA !!!!!! A century old and you still put on an amazing show !!!! 
Staff party !!!!!! 
It took 3 days to build our exhibit and only 3hrs to dismantle !!! Well all but one of my tent mates have left . 
I officially leave the hill tomorrow !! The return to AC will be much appreciated !!! 
On the way Home !!!!!! 
Back in Illinois !!!! 
Congrats to the 2010 McLean Co Fair < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Korty !!! 
Road trip to springfield !?! Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > Mulch !!! 
RIP Murphy you will be missed !! 
Only one more day till i start classes ... finally !!! :) 
Is sadly sitting in class and missing the tenth avenue north and mercy me concert tonight at the state fair 
is guarding at the pool ... but we havent opened yet ... yay for mysterious dark clouds of death that bring rain and lightning :) 
Had a very successful and super busy day at work !! 
RT @CS < PROPFIRST > Daily : The more pride we have , the more other people's pride irritates us- C . S . < PROPFIRST > 
Estoy practicando mi español con mi amiga Eliani Garcia !!! I miss my DR friends sooo much !!!! 
I love thunderstorms !!! 
is absolutely in love with this gorgeous weather ... i would really like it if it decided to stay !!!! 
Thank you wonderful weather for giving me a day off work ... as I said yesterday please feel free to stick around I am enjoying this ! 
Random trip to Starved Rock in this amazing weather !!! 
would like to thank all those who wished him a happy birthday yesterday !! THANK YOU !!!! 
Is in the ER for a kidney stone 
Is thinking about going to starved rock tomorrow ... 
Blacklight party at the fuel house !!! Sooo much fun !! 
Has had the MOST AMAZING weekend !!!! Fuel Fall Retreat , As Yourself night and awesome friends ! 
Is really wishing i could skip outta clinicals and go to afterdark ! 
Has a super nasty sinus infection paired with an even nastier cough ... whooo hooo ... i seriously dislike being sick now 
' arry Potta 7 !!!!!!! 
finally made time to bake for the first time in forever !!! And what did I bake .... A Pumpkin Toffee Cheesecake !!!! Now just to decide what I want to make for the christmas season !!!! 
IT IS SNOWING !!!!!! YAY !!!! :D 
THE SNOW IS STICKING TO THE GROUND !!! SUPER HAPPY DANCE !!!!!!!!! :D 
has had an extremely successful day !!! Final photo portfolio done and mounted !!!!!! :D Successfully survived clinicals !!! And to top it all off IT SNOWED TODAY !!!!! 
is super happy right now not only did I pass clinicals I got an A in my CNA class and on top of that I did really well on my photo final 
Currently has no school , work , or concrete plans for the next 48hrs what shall I do ???? Im thinking a little christmas baking is in order ... 
Happy 22nd Anniversary to my parents !!! 
is off to bed .. I apparently have a date with 4am ! 
Why hello 4am , we meet again hwevr I shall refrain from mean jkes about how u shldnt exist as I realize we shall become good friends this wk 
Snow snow snow !!!!!!! 
is extremely unhappy with the weather right now !!!! Why do you have to be horribly cloudy and unkind during a very rare lunar eclipse ???? hmpf .... 
Hehehe Snoooow !! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night ! 
Passion 2011 almost over expcting Big things this morning !! 
So I see all these statuses about the new changes in the zodiak signs and go to see what my new sign would be and mine is the same ... HAHA go Virgo 
Finally got a snuggie !!!!!!!!!!!! 
is officially a CNA !!! :D 
Touchdown !!!!! 
Nooooooo ! 
Packers to the Super Bowl !!!!! 
OMG < PROPMALE > had a blonde moment 
BRING ON THE SNOW !!! 
Hmmm really unit 5 calling it already ?!? 
spent 13 hrs at work at the hospital decided to try and brave the weather to get home , got stuck on the parking lot driveway at work , got unstuck with lots of help made it all but the last 5 ft to the driveway before i got stuck again spent 20 mins shoveling and finally made it on the driveway !!!! repeat trip in the morning to work to be there by 7 ... snow you will not keep me at home I WILL WIN !!! 
Made it to work this morning ! 
decided to venture out into this winter wonderland for some other reason than work and school and it was to go to Starved Rock ! It was totally awesome . Saw tons of Bald Eagles ! 
Green Bay for the win !!! 
Donated blood while at work today ... quite productive I think 
At the rock and worship roadshow ! 
I Am Number Four was awesome !! 
Got outta class 2 and a half hours early and not even for the coming snow whoo hoo and to top it off day off tomorrow !! 
5 mile run why have we never met before ?? 
Home on a saturday with nothing on the schedule ... 
S N O W ! ? ! best spring break gift yet ... 
Ab Ripper X just kicked my butt ... seriously gonna feel it tomorrow ! 
Spring Break present #2 a full out cold ... Present #3 Passion Here For You CD !!! 
SIBLING WAR !!! Copy this if you are the best and strongest of your siblings . If this stands for an hour without your siblings protesting , it's so true :) 
Just won the drawing to go home from work today ! Free day ! 
Winter Jam ! 
Not only did I struggle to read a calendar all weekend I apparently cant tell time now either 
It is snowing !?! :D 
