Grocery shopping ! Fun .... not really ! 

So stressed .... havent had a sitter but 1 or 2 times in about 3 years ! 
Can't wait till fall arrives ! 
There will always be circumstances in life ..... its our attitude and how we CHOOSE to deal with them that can make it easy or hard . 
Each day allows you to begin again . As you wake remind urself that your future is not yet written . You have the ability to make it what you will . 
Girls got school tomorrow and don't wanna lay down ! Whoopin ass time .. lol 
It's hard to stay positive when nothing ever goes right ! 
:-( 
I hate when kids bring home math homework !!! I can do it just they don't get it no matter how much you try to show them .... 
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass . It's about learning to dance in the rain ! Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . 
Happiness or unhappiness is often a matter of choice 
Don't ever think your nothing because somewhere along the line , there's gonna be someone who thinks your everything .... 
Tomorrow is gonna be the best day ever ! Can't wait ... 
Damn it's snowin'!! 
Gettin ready to go out with my girl ... Fun ! 
:-) 
Good day so far ! 
Did something to my darn foot a few days ago ... cant even walk well ! May need to go get it checked out .... 
Foot is swollen like crazy now and trying to walk is more difficult .... this sucks ! 
Signed the girls up for girl scouts ! Hope they enjoy it .... 
Things are beginning to fall into place ... finally ! 
Sometimes in the winds of change we find our true direction ... 
Without obstacles how would you ever know what you are capable of ? 
I feel a shitty day ahead ! 
The day started out shitty .... but I'm good now ! 
Kinda buzzed too early ! Oh man .... lol ... im good ! Imma big girl ! 
Sucks when you tried ur hardest to do everything right and everytime you thought it was going ok ... it really wasn't 
Busy day ahead ! 
Imma stop helpin pple out ... seems everytime I do ... i don't get it in return ! So f *** anyone askin me for somethin ' 
B**** !! 
Thanks to my sister for taking me to get food ! Love ya < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Oldest daughter < PROPFEMALE > had B's and C's on report card ! Caleigh well she needs a lil work ! One B and 2 F's .... gotta work on her reading and math ... Good thing they both work real hard and do try their hardest ! 
How nice ! I get a free turkey from the kids school .... And I didn't even have one either ! Works out well ! 
Cleaning ! Kids are to ! F-that ! They can enjoy the music I'm bout to jam while they pissed ... 
Happy Thanksgiving to all ! 
Another monday ! 5 kids till 10pm 
listening to some Birdman and drinkin a few beers outside ! 
Lol ! Was just told I was lookin rough when I was wit kids dad ... Now I'm sexy as hell ! Awesome ... but you aint gettin it ! Lmao 
Up and at it ! Hope today goes by smoothly 
Lovin ' the snow ! For now ! 
I'm Back ! :-) 
Wide awake and Bored ! 
Kids gettin ready for bed and imma watch a movie ! Back hurtin bad today for some reason ... 
Good morning ! Long day ahead .... 
I really don't wanna hurt no one ! But it just might have to happen .... 
Kids bout to take a nap ! They actin ' crazy ... 
Peace and quite ! My niece and son sleep ... got bout 2 hours till 3 kids get here 
Anyone know what < PROPMALE > is ?? I'm not talkin bout the lil scientist kid cartoon either ... 
I need to find myself and take care of what's important .... im so not happy right now ! 
Nap time ! 
Well I didn't nap ... kids did ! So I cleaned up and waiting on other kids to get home from school now .... sister on way to get her kids soon ! 
Time to relax and watch a movie ! 
Kids are nuts today ! Lol 
Come on snow !! 
Hope everyone stays safe out there ! What a mess ! 
Schools closed ! Oh man ! Lol 
I remember walking to school in a damn ice storm ... fallin all over the place ! Wtf ... the winds blowin hard so no school ? Lol 
Pretty sad when you got kids you gotta hide while you eatin the ice cream cus they'll want some and there not enough ... lol 
Caleigh has her holiday concert tonight ! 
I have nearly 50 game requests .... FYI .... I don't play any of that crap .. 
Can't wait for bed time ! 
Do I work ? Yes ! I work 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I'm a MOMMY . I am a cook , a cleaner , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a maid , a security officer , a taxi and a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay , or a day off . I work through the day and the night . I am on call all hours . Now tell me my job isn't a real one ! ~ Re-Post if ur a MOMMY ~ 
I can't believe in such a short time ( really ) that I could get over something or someone when it was for 12yrs of my life ! Being so strong to stand up and say enough is enough ! I feel GREAAAAT !!! 
Sometimes it's needed !!! A good ol fashioned ass whoopin ! Kids don't always understand until a good o smackin comes along ... 
That good ol ass whoopin made the kids sleep ! Time for a nap for me to ! Lol 
I can't never fall asleep in the afternoon ! I be so tired to ... oh well ! 
I think my sister < PROPFEMALE > should buy me a winter coat ! I have to go out in this cold weather to pick up her son ! It's only fair ... lol 
Hope everyones havin ' a great day ! I am ! 
Can't sleep ! Gonna watch a movie .... 
Don't let a dude use ur phone to call their dude ! You end up getting his girl callin you talkin bout you sleepin wit they man ! Lol .... so had to tell the girl she can come visit me if she wants ... 
Have a great night everyone ! 
Watching kids till 10pm ... long day ahead ! 
I'm soooo tired ! I need to learn to go to bed on time .... Coffee ! Coffee ! Coffee ! 
Tired all the time !.... but I try to sleep and I never get enough hours !.... my back killin me ..... headaches .... and be gettin dizzy alot ! I think I need a doctor appt ! Ugh ! 
Was gonna make collard greens ! But forgot some extra things to add to it ! :-( 
Got the hocks ! Collard greens been cookin ' also making a lil fried catfish ! Yum ! I haven't ate fried nothing in 2 months ... cant wait ! 
The food was great last night but I'm sure the fried fish wasn't a good idea ! Busy day with 5 kids .... ugh ! 
Bad enough my 10 yr old acts like a teen and talks back ! But a 6yr old and 4yr old ! Come on .... 
Damn ice freeze in flordia !!! Oranges 7 bucks for a bag ! Damn ! Lol 
Honestly this is the worst xmas I've ever had ! Xmas is a time for alot of things and I have none of them ! Ugh !! 
Wish this day would hurry up and get over with !!!!! 
Well bed time I guess ! 
SCHOOL TOMORROW !!!!! Oh yea ! Lol 
5 kids today ! Baking some cookies for them ... 
Waiting on sis to get her kids ! Then bed time I'm hopin ' 
Ready to get this day started ... have a great day everyone ! :-) 
Sometimes when the sunrises , the darkness still remains ..... 
Tomorrows gonna be the best day I've had in 2wks ! 
Damn Colts ! 
The house is clean ! Lets see how long that lasts ... 
Got me a stalker ! I'm so special .... lol 
I'm makin ' this day hard for everyone ! Get ready .... 
These kids are outta control !! Today is not the day for being bad ! I will kick a** !!!... lol 
Just woke up from a 2 hour nap .. now time to find someone to take me to store to feed 5 Kids .... 
Ok if it's not one thing it's another .... all started from yesterday ! I've been used , lied to , starved , and worse of all the mail I had to send out didn't get sent out ! Almost a year being here and the mail runs 2 hours early ! I'm gonna lose it ! 
Great friend of many years came thro and got me some food ! I'm glad there some pple out there that help a gal out ... thanks Coyetta ! 
Just got a coffe pot ! Mine went out months ago ... so nice to have brewed instead of instant ! Lol ... 
3-4 year olds just don't listen ! They tell you ok I won't run thro ur house while they runnin past you in ur house ! Lol ... nap soon ! 
Since it started snowing the kids have done nothing but stand at the window staring .... if this gets any worse I'll have to let them back in ... 
<3 
What 4 animals does a woman like to have in her house ? A tiger in bed , a mink in her closet , a jaguar in her garage , and a jackass to pay for it all ! 
I'm a very impatient person ... Hate waiting ! 
Cleaning day .... then a movie 
Everyones doing great keeping me posted on game .... could care less who wins ... its not my Colts playin ... but if I really had to choose I say F**k the steelers ! 
Bed time ! Got alot of things to accompish tomorrow ..... 
I've been told it's presidents day and there no school tomorrow ! Ummmm !? Your goin anyway ! Lol .... 
Although it's late it's ok for me to be awake ! The kids are sleep so why not have me time .... :-) 
Woke up at 6 with back pain ! Been up since 
My nephew didn't go to school ... he told his mom he sick ! But he sure aint actin like it .... lol 
Wish I may , wish I might , hope that the laundry gets done tonight\ 
Doesn't look good , no not at all cus here I am on FB .... So I guess I blame you all ! 
Open ur arms up to change .... but don't forget ur values .... 
Up since 5am .... niece is being taken to < PROPMALE > she's having hard time breathing on her own .... Sister upset and I got her son .... 
I seriously feel I can't handle this anymore ! 
Movie and pizza ! Lets hope I can stay stress free for a moment .... 
Kids wanna watch chuckie ! :-) 
Got my child care paper work ready ! Hoping to get that turned in and get a damn job ! Things moving slowly but coming together one day at time 
Todays going good ! Getting my dinner going ... slow cookin bq chicken 
Another storm ?!?! Damn enough is enough ! 
I need coffee creamer ! Ahhhhh ! 
My niece called me a poopy lil princess .... she mad ! Lol 
I'm thinking today is gonna be a good day ! Lets hope so .... :-) 
Took a walk this morning .... not too bad out ... have a great day everyone ! 
I'm bored !!!!! 
So far this day is crazy ! I sure need some adult conversation !! These kids are nuts early in the morning ..... 
Is it bedtime yet !? Long day ..... 
Would like to share ... if ur in need of a < PROPMALE > payment or rent payment to help you out and ur on the southside/east side ... Saint Marys church .... West Side is the Saint < PROPFEMALE > on Lake Ave ... North Side is Saint Judes Church .... There are available funds ! 
Don't really like ribs but that's what I put in the slow cooker .... And try to get to store for some yummy greens ! 
My dvd fell and wouldn't work for over a month ... i decided to \work on it\ " and I fixed it !! Don't know what the heck I did but HEY ! " 
Coffee ! Good day so far ! 
Drives me nuts when you need a pen or pencil you find only a crayon ! If I wanted crayons I'd a bought my own box ! Lol 
Walked from 12th St to a lil past savelot .... plan was to go almost by apples ... didnt happen ! That alone was a great walk .... Love walking ! Can't wait till spring and summer !.... 
What a nice day ! 
Busy day today .... took my son to get his blood drawn at hospital ... then when girls got home let them hangout with their cousins ... ready for bed ! 
My daughter says she's been walking so her pants should button for her .... i don't think so ! Lol ... 
Enjoying the weather at the park with my son ! 
