is well aware he is on Facebook again . 

is not allowed to eat until after his blood test , which is tomorrow at 8:20 am . You have been warned . 
is studying for the MCAT . Er ... will be momentarily . Perhaps lunch , first . I just bought that season of < PROPFEMALE > Trek ... 
MCAT . HROAAARRRGH !!! 
has a better view than you . 
will have Internet tomorrow and a microwave on Friday . I'm almost back to a developed country standard of living . 
has Internet for the low , low price of his first-born child and all the money he will make in the next decade . 
is being oriented . 123 . 
has discovered one area where nationalized healthcare might be helpful . Ever tried to transfer medical records from one health system to another ? 
finds it harder to focus when the sermon is given by the Crocodile < PROPMALE > . 
wishes the US observed bank holidays like a civilized country . 119 . 
has the Doctor for a genetics professor . 
discovered that he has been mistaken about the location of the spleen for the past two decades . 
has money ... * pays off credit card * ... had money . 
\Tracked you down with this . This is my timey-wimey detector . It \ 
was nearly hit by a Jesuit in a Cadillac . Ah , catholic schools ... 
is home again . Now he's going to go meet his presentation partner for a sadly procrastinated meeting . 
My genetics professor used a d20 to illustrate probability , with a minor discussion on beholders and Comic-Con . 
broke out the sweaters today . It's 64 degrees with wind that takes ten years of your life . 
is reading < PROPFIRST > Crichton's Timeline . 110/31 . 
has been vaccinated for Hepatitis A , Meningitis , Polio , Typhoid , Yellow \ 
Fever , and , having ridden the El out of the Loop at 5:00 pm , total loss \ 
of personal space . 
is reading Booth Tarkington's \The Magnificent Ambersons . \"" 
Free tea , comfy chairs , grad students only ... We're a bit closer to Loyola being worth 40,000 . 
is reading J . P . Donleavy's \The < PROPFEMALE > Man . \ " 105/26 . " 
had his visa application accepted and returned the same day it arrived . Must have been a slow day at the Ghanaian Embassy . 
Cousins are allowed to get married as long as they're both over 65 ? Some state laws make no sense . 
has realized his life is a series of countdowns : 101 days until < PROPFEMALE > comes back , 22 days until I go to Ghana , 6 days until my new computer ships , 4 days until my Cell Bio exam , and 6 days until my genetics exam . 
\Wouldn't it be great if we could clean the bathroom by just soaping an otter and turning it loose ? \"" 
\Wait a minute ... I just lit a rocket . Rockets explode ! \"" 
You know what you call a perfectly balanced organism ? Dead . 
is doing his first day of volunteering , which consists of watching Judge Mathis and waiting for the phone to ring . 
has learned that he can check museum passes out from the library . These passes admit me and three other people for free . Any takers ? 
has no microwave because of confusion at the supplier and no gas because no one told him he needed to open a new account . If you need me , I'll be working out new and exciting things to do with peanut butter and jelly . 
is reading < PROPFIRST > M . Cain's \The Postman Always Rings Twice . \ " 95/17 " 
learned today that < PROPFIRST > Tennant grew up in Ralston , Renfrewshire . 
thinks fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva is the coolest disease ever . 
is in his first anatomy lab . Time to learn all 206 bones . 
has a MICROWAVE !!! I will now indulge in a celebratory bag of popcorn . 
What is it with hospital waiting rooms and court TV ? 
Electricity : Check . Gas : Check . Internet : Check . Microwave : Check . It's taken a little over a month , but I think I finally have my apartment sorted out . 
My new computer has left Oregon and is on its way ! 
What does it say about me that my days off sound much the same as days I have to work hard ? 
spent the afternoon at the < PROPMALE > Institute of Chicago and Millennium Park . 
spent 15 minutes explaining how to get to < PROPFEMALE>'s blog to his grandparents over the phone . At least they've graduated to understanding what \click\ " means . " 
It has come . [ Cue Epic Choir ] And it is assembled . 
You know it's going to be one of those tests when none of the guys have shaved and the girls aren't wearing makeup . 
Typo of the Day : \Intellegent Dating \"" 
Dear Dr Hayes : Your test is too long if you leave for your next class and 20 students < PROPMALE > you out of the building to give you their tests . 
Really must stop checking the clock every five minutes . 
has returned with only minor aches and pains . 
saw a man walking a ferret . It had a little sweater and was on a leash . 
just got a call from Obama endorsing someone running in Illinois . His soaring rhetoric is a bit painful when the volume is all the way up on my phone . 
Epocrates is like having House on my iPod . 
discovered that one of those pesky sales calls he's been ignoring was actually a collection agency . 
gave 6 hours of the day's 15 hours to studying for genetics . Please get an A , please get an A ... 
is reading < PROPFIRST > Eliot's \Middlemarch . \"" 
is very , very happy . And it's Friday . Very , very , very happy . 
learned today that one does not boil chorizo . All other Mexican food is fried . I should have known this would be , too . 
wishes all physiology was as intuitive as muscle contraction . 
didn't know there was such a thing as a \high wind warning\ " until now . \ " Unsecured objects may become airborne . \ " Explains the flying squirrels . " 
\The human body consists of almost 700 muscles ... \ " It's going to be one of those exams . " 
MAMS students are entertaining the library by dancing about trying to understand muscle actions . 
Anatomy exam 2 : Went four rounds before KO instead of only one round . And then there's the final . 
\You wanna boycott someone ? You oughta start with the barber that messed up yo ' head . \"" 
thought he beat the Anatomy exam this time , but it came from behind and ripped out his liver . 
finally finished his study goals for the day and can go to bed . I remember when there used to be at least an hour between those two events . 
I find it ironic that today is the US Election Day and the Mexican Day of the Dead . 
may have to invest in some additional cold-weather gear . It's only the first week of November and I'm already breaking out the overcoat and scarf . 
I'm trying to convince myself that the weekend hasn't started yet . I need to work just a little bit more . Perhaps an hour or so on Game Ranger will give me more motivation . 
I am disgruntled . You have been warned . 
My < PROPFEMALE > lies over the ocean , my < PROPFEMALE > lies over the sea . My < PROPFEMALE > lies over the ocean , oh bring back my < PROPFEMALE > to me . 
I don't want to study . I have to study . I don't want to study . I need to study . I don't want to study ... 
6 exams , two presentations , one paper , and five weeks . Rarr . 
Praise God ! 92% ! 
I can easily believe the British Empire ran on tea . I certainly have been . 
I left my self-esteem dead on the floor in Genetics . 
My doctor prescribed coke and a lollipop . I'll have to remember that one . 
My Falcon was worth the extra money for the awesome customer service experience I just had . 
I am still awake . Why ? 
I thought temperatures were more stable next to big bodies of water . It's 30 * cooler than yesterday . 
I liked it better when Thanksgiving Break was between me and the impending doom of Finals . 
I finished my paper five minutes ago . That means I had a whole five minutes before it was due . What was I worried about ? 
I have been instructed to take a drug for the next 50 years whose effects have never been studied past four years . Fantastic . 
The Ethics exam just got much easier . 
I saw a menorah and thought one of the lights had burned out . It took me way too long to remember that Hanukkah involves lighting candles one at a time . 
Must ... study ... 
Microwaved Aldi-brand Ramen noodles , the very bottom of the culinary hierarchy . 
After studying genetics all afternoon , I'm looking at pictures of healthy babies to remind myself that they do exist . 
I think I'll be studying at home with my radiators today . I can barely see the road from my apartment window . 
I wonder what percentage of MAMS students were still working on the Ethics Final late Sunday night ? \Misery loves company . \"" 
Corn flakes , corn tortillas , and corn chips . Perhaps I'm getting a bit homesick . 
I finally broke down and started using Google Chrome today . Google is slowly taking over my life . First it was Google Search , then GMail , then it was Google Calendar , then Google Docs , and now this . 
I fold . A&P takes the lot . 
AAAHHHhhh ! A&P . 
I . Hate . O'Hare . 
I GOT A B !!! Praise God !!! 
Grandy misplaced an entire pan of mashed potatoes . Ah , Christmas . 
Scattergories : The game that teaches you that Grandma knows ways to kill people with barbed wire and that your little sister isn't as sheltered as you thought . 
My sleep schedule is shot . I need the structure of class in the morning . 
Back in Chicago . I miss open fields already . 
Google has revealed its awesomeness once again . 
In a statement the Office for Fair Trading said : \Online advertising and marketing practices that do not disclose they include paid for promotions are deceptive under trading laws . \ " I think advertisers can safely claim they didn't understand the rules on this one . " 
I made two perfectly browned grilled cheese sandwiches today . I love breaks , because that's the only kind of goal I have to bother with right now . 
I will have money in 3-5 business days . 
Profound Thought of the Day : I live in the place \where the sun don't shine . \"" 
I just made my first ever sale on eBay . 
MONEY ! * pays bills * Money ? 
Mexican food , homemade mashed potatoes , Doctor Who , and < PROPFEMALE > . This day may have been good enough for the happy buzz to last for the first few days of MAMS at least . 
I didn't get on Facebook until noon . The horror ... 
Someone graffitied a door with \Bad Wolf . \ " My day has been made . " 
My apartment seems strangely quiet and empty . 
The snooze setting for my alarm clock app is to shake it . I find that appropriate . 
Facebook is so clever . \Honeymoon ? All-Inclusive Cruise to the Bahamas ! \ " \ " Looking for an engagement ring ? Look no further ! \ " etc . " 
For those of you who think it's all fun and games when hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > , we spent all afternoon in the library . 
Remember last time I swore off Amtrak ? I mean it this time . 
Life is like a sink full of dirty dishes . 
I would like all my Facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right . Just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
\Would you like a flyer to help animals ? \ " \ 
I have a job interview with the Department of Child Services . I thought about not specifying that it was a job interview for entertainment purposes , but I don't want to test Mom's blood pressure unduly . 
The Effect of an Anatomy Exam : \ 
Pre-Exam : \I studied for this exam 
In the library with < PROPFEMALE > and Neurobiology . Any guesses which one I like more ? 
Why are palindromes not called emordromes ? 
I wonder if Loyola would let me live in the IC ? I don't know why I bother paying rent since I only go to my apartment to sleep . 
I can be made , I can be cracked , i can be told , I can be bad . What am I ? 
Imagine you're in a sinking boat surrounded by sharks . How do you survive ? 
It was a hard fight , with casualties on both sides , but I got B's on both parts of the Development midterm . 
< PROPMALE > Bank . Hhoarrrghhhh !!! I will be closing my account now . 
I want one . http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-12714225 
< PROPFEMALE > and I were nearly arrested for breaking curfew last night . Police Officer : \Oh ! You looked like a kid from the back . \"" 
I think I lose a year of my life every time I have an exam through damage done to my body while I study . 
