blah blah blah 

can't think straight nemore 
Sometimes I wish I could go back to the good ole days :/ 
some ppl I just don't understand ... baffles me a lil bit 
it was a great wkd !! but now it's off for another long week :/ 
Is so sick of the past dictating my future , it's time to move on . 
I love my mom , she is the best ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! ;~} Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate ! I LOVE MINE MORE THAN ANYONE KNOWS 
haha ... I amuse myself sometimes !! 
HAHA !!!! some ppl baffle me sometimes ... it's amazing that some people can hide behind all that BS n stil pretend that they're good people 
It's been a long time since I've done this ... like 3.5 yrs or so !!! lol I'm a lil < PROPMALE > but I think you and I will both be amazed once I get this down again !!! HA ! you just wait 
Truth is the greatest power to have , b/c when you have it ; very few people are unaware that you have it ; b/c it's so hard to come by the stone cold truth ; and that is where you can sit back and laugh through the lies ppl feed you and determine who is real and who is fake . So here is to truth ; may it empower you all n lead to tru happiness !!! ~ good luck finding it ! ~ 
what would life be w/o freinds ?.... gotta love them !!! 
some guys are such tools ... 
“When we long for life without difficulties , remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure” 
lookin forward to a great night !!!! 
crazy night for sure ... a lil sleep deprived .. lol good times though 
waiting to see how some things and some pple turn out , but either way it's not suprising cuz some ppl are just too predicatable and too blind to figure nething out ... w/e 
full tank of gas and no destination ! lol but it's great where an undetermined path leads you b/c if u don't like where u end up ; just keep on atruckin b/c u weren't destined to go there neway , and it's too good what u find along the way ;) lol 
it's great how ppl take one thing and twist into this horrible story when they have no idea what happend !!!... lol ... n some ppl are so nieve to believe it ... it's unreal ... w/e . more power to them if they rly want to be suckered into things 
ba dop dop dop daaa !!! it's amazing how much you learn and find in such a short period of time !!! I luv it !! 
thank to all !!! lol I'll be sure to have a good one ! special dinner and cake and then havin a good time afterwards ! love you all !! 
is experiencing life at a rate of several wtf's a minute :) 
dreams of a better world ... where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned :P 
So I discovered I had another sister tonight , it's apparent and only logical according to < PROPFEMALE > that I am her sister because I am always there for her and in a majority of her pictures ... lol I tried to explain it to her but she told me that \I am her big sister and she is my lil sister and that's just how it is\ " what do u say to that ??... oh well ... I love that lil girl " 
krrofest was amzing !! I had an amzing weekend for sure !! 
my name ... < PROPFEMALE > !! easy question ... 2nd question ; who am i now ?... still < PROPFEMALE > ! not too hard ... 3rd question ; favorite person ?... < PROPFEMALE > ! easy again .... LAST question where will I be in 15 years ?.... I will be somewhere with < PROPFEMALE > !!! NOW I know where my life is going !! questions all answered ... phew I'm so relieved ! 
Actions speak louder than words ; ..... 
would love to see the look on some people's faces if they knew the brutal truth ; some people are too wrapped in lies , they wouldn't know what hit them !! 
keep moving forward !! 
In order for a person to find exactly what they want ; sometimes they haveto find exactly what they don't want first :) 
Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . The important thing is not to stop questioning and move forward 
Keep\ 
away from people who try to belittle your ambitions and who you are . Small people\ 
always do that , but the really great people make you feel that you , too , can\ 
become great ! 
Went on a road trip today ; back to a place where things made more sense . It's then when I remembered what I've forgotten over time and I am NOT going to repeat the past . \ 
\Each day is a gift and not a given right " 
some people say betting is a bad thing , but when you know the odds are in your favor , sometimes it's too irresistible ... lmao , game on !! 
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle , and the life of the candle will not be shortened . Happiness never decreases by being shared . \ 
Nvr let a small breeze dim your light 
fucket every which way and lovin it all the while !!! 
<3 VACATION TIME !!!!!!!! <3 
loved my vaca !! thanks mom , grama , grampa , dezy , < PROPFIRST > , fam , and chels for makin it happen ! luv ya guys !! <3 
Ate my frosted fakes this mornin with a plastic spoon and tons of artificial sugar ; it was delicous , I feel better already ;) 
The trick to flying is to fall and miss the ground :) 
seen 5 shooting stars the other night !! 
ahahahahaha , sometimes I find too much humor in things no one else does , ah well , lmao , life is too short to sweat the small things ! 
looking like another < PROPMALE > marley day :) 
looking forward to an AMAZING wkd !!! \ 
game on !!! :D 
it's not the human walk it's the human race ;\ 
if we're living on the edge takin up too much space 
seen my nephew for the first time today !! \ 
10 oz so far , he's getn to be such a big lil guy !!! \ 
can't wait til < PROPFIRST > :) \ 
<3 < PROPMALE > <3 
gotta touch base with reality for a moment , just a moment though , then I'm gone again ;) 
I shall concur all dellemas n nock them out wit my acb's . 
