will have to decide between crazy pills and the credit card < PROPMALE > ..... 

saw an ambulance going fast for the first time today ... why do they always go so slow ? 
I'M LATE FOR THE PARAAADE !! 
is horribly uncomfortable because of excessive bug bites .... ALL OVER ME 
PHONE WAS STOLEN ... GIVE ME < PROPFIRST > . 
GOT A PHONE NOW . SAME NUMBER ... CAN TEXT ME #'S IF NEED BE . 
Beside the pool by 3 . Can't get here fast enough ..... 
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans . -- John Lennon 
Crappy coffee and a crappy printer . Crap . 
has been on the line with HP Support for almost 35 minutes and still hasn't gotten anything accomplished . Support my ass . 
Never apologize for showing feeling . When you do so , you apologize for the truth . -- Benjamin Disraeli 
Compassion is a two way street . -- < PROPFIRST > Capra 
sometimes you don't see peoples true colors until they're beating the *&%$ out of you with them . 
wishes people would stop sending her pictures of abused dogs . I'm all about causes and all but do we have to see these horrible images to get the point across ? 
had the worst day . So glad to see Em and Bray . 
Excited for Kat attack tonight ! 
Ready to go home and lounge by the pool .. 
writin her paycheck and heading home !! :) 
“Remember , people will judge you by your actions , not your intentions . You may have a heart of gold -- but so does a hard-boiled egg . ” 
is ready for the Consider show tonight !! WOOHOO !! 
doesn't feel < PROPFEMALE > good . 
Hangin with El Taco Grande Pequeno . The curiest of all the dogs in the land . 
short work days rock ! yayuuuhhhhh 
forgot how awesome lunchables are ! 
FLIPPING OUT over my new bar stools . Such a nerd . 
Back to school ... back to school ... to prove to dad that I'm not a fool .... 
So sleepy . So much excitement going down today . So tired . 
allergies are ruining my life . Off to make coffee . 
The weather outside is weather . 
Happy anniversary baby ! 
Is ready for BS to come in on Netflix . Why is it taking so long ?! 
isn't as pleased with reduced fat cheese as much as \leave all the fat in it\ " cheese . " 
< PROPFIRST > likey . < PROPFIRST > want wingies . 
is ready to go home . NOW . Right this second . 
wants to go far away from here . 
ECSTATIC :D 
People who live in glass houses should not throw stones . 
... still trying to figure out how to fit work , school , and engagement pictures in the same day ... 
thought USC would be better than Midlands Tech at INFORMING ME OF INFORMATION LIKE THE FACT THAT I HAVE TO \GIVE PERMISSION\ " TO PAY FOR CLASSES ONLINE !!!! WTF ???!!! I miss the gold old days when you just gave them money and they took it . " 
... take it easy PSYCHO . 
... just a few hours away until TRIPLE FEATURE time at the Big Mo ! :D 
just got my ring back and now I seriously worry about things like driving , cracks in the sidewalk , and general every day activities that require looking in front of you . 
I just wanna dance ! 
gettin off work soon and playin hookie for the rest of the day ... blah . 
drinkin hot chocolate . :) 
SERIOUS diet time . 
... convinced that females WILL , in fact , be the death of her . I want babies . Preferably boys . :) 
doesn't want to come back to South < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
doesn't understand company names like \Slack Photography\ " and \ " Price-E Daycare\ " ... what were these people thinking ?! ( Because it's your last name isn't a reason ) " 
Excited about Consider The Source and Nikks wedding this weekend !! :D 
the sand in my cupholder makes me happy . 
writing a paper .... ugh . 
AHHHH I DESPISE Paramore ! If I have to hear that chicks crappy voice sing some lame song one more time , I'm gonna slam my face into a wall . 
has had so many FML moments today , it's not even funny . 
Had an awesome time tonight with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > and engagement pictures and beer . :) 
It's time to play the music . It's time to light the lights .... yeah ... yeah gonna get things started on the muppet show toni ... I I I ght ..... < cries > 
What should I be for Halloween ? 
ready for Scarowinds Now o'clock . 
Bears , Beets , Battlestar Galactica 
I'm FREAKING OUT about Halloween ! This year is gonna be awesome ! :) 
Hungry . 
studying . 
I can feel it comin in the air tonight .... Oh Lord .... 
:( 
wondering if time can tick any slower or if my agony could be any greater . 
Bejeweled Blitz is ruining my eyeballs . 
Freezing and not in the mood to deal with little miss psycho stalker . ugh 
..... wondering why every time I get tempura nowadays , it has asparagus .... YUCK ! 
loves Led Zeppelin 
didn't know it was possible to feel this tired . 
just found a roach at the bottom of the creamer I've been using the past month . Yummy . 
< PROPFEMALE > stopped by to visit me at work ! Yayyyy !!! :) 
Flippin ' your fins , you don't get too far 
Up til 3 am making turtle pumpkin pie , cranberry sauce and deviled eggs . So sleepy . 
Gone bowlin . Happy Birthday Brit ! 
DIE FACEBOOK !!!!!!! 
Putting ALL of the Christmas card addresses in the computer at work . On number 225 .... only 8 million more to go .... 
The Admin Assis before me must have been on some retard drugs . 
youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu wait til tomoooorrrrrrooooooooooooooowwwwwww ... huh ahhhhh ..... 
wishes Gram didn't have magical \I know she's about to walk me\ " powers . I have to put my shoes on in the bathroom so he doesn't see me for god's sake ! Little shit . " 
went to work wearin boots . Now I'm thinkin they're actually slippers . 
Got a crib wit a studio and it's all full of tracks To add to the wall full of plaques Hangin up in the office in back of my house like trophies But ya'll think I'm gonna let my dough freeze Ho Please .... well .... not really 
needs an extension cord . 
is locked out of my car at work . My cell is in there too . What an awesome day . 
ailing 
only two more exams to go ! 
Teacher ! Leave us kids alone . 
Lookin at this on my new bitchin flat screen . Awesome . Thanks mommy ! :) 
Listenin to Deftones . :) I wuv my Chino . 
.. so I'm freezing and the window keeps popping open at work no matter how many times I close it ! :/ 
Ready to eat the lunch mah baby made for me . Spicy chicken salad .... nom nom nom 
Remembers why I always put off Christmas shopping . 5 hours in HELLbison and I'm still not done . 
Ready for DC already . 
< PROPFEMALE > and Brayden and then a Christmas party ! Yay for today ! :) 
At this rate it's not looking like I'll make the show .. 
Eatin chili from Publix . I could make better . 
is sick and sad . 
they have Kidz Bop singing the Beatles now ??!! What is this world coming to ? 
is playin basketball .... on the Wii of course . 
cranky now that Christmas is over . I'm such a little kid . 
Coach on the brain . Must make mall trip tomorrow . 
EVERYONE -- COME TO ELBOW ROOM TONIGHT ! YOU WON'T REGRET IT . 
god I love my dog 
Why does it say paper jam when there is NO paper jam ???!!!!! 
In DC with my lovies . :) 
Back to the real world . :( 
BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Getting ready to watch \Where The #$&% Is Santa ? \ " I just love moms stocking stuffers . :) " 
Today is fun day with my baby ! Food , Avatar and bowling .... it doesn't get much better than that . 
worries needlessly and needs to give people more credit . :) 
More gown shopping today . Hopefully I can actually narrow it down a little more . : / 
You cannot make yourself feel something you do not feel , but you can make yourself do right in spite of your feelings . -- < PROPFEMALE > S . < PROPMALE > 
is ready to go home . 
Well , I've got to run to keep from hiding ... and I'm bound to keep on riding . 
< PROPFEMALE > is coming into town today !!! :) 
Thinkin Bill4Time and I will be life long friends . :) 
Dancing tonight . It's gonna be < PROPFEMALE > lovely . ;) 
Life is crazy . 
Has lots of \life changing\ " errands to make and not much time to do it ! " 
Out of coffee ... on to \black breakfast tea\ " . Better double up on these suckers . " 
misses people who used to be a part of her life . I'm such an emo . 
is astounded it's already February !!!! Where did January go ?! AHHHHHHH .... not enough time ! 
Boss man brought me back an orange cranberry muffin . I just love my job . :) 
would pay any amount of money just to be able to crawl back in bed ..... ehhh 
Listenin to 40 oz . to Freedom . Ahhh .... takes me back . :) 
quit goin to Bonnaroo cuz it's too crowded . They always get me with the amazing lineup ! This year is ridiculous . Argggg 
Spottieottiedopalicious 
BONNAROO this year and a dinner cruise with < PROPMALE > tonight . Good times . :) 
is feeling old . 
blah blah somethin somethin la la la tee da . 
I hate printers and paper cuts !! 
is dumb . 
got a box from Office Depot with \really useful box\ " printed on the side of it . So far this has proven to be extremely accurate . I wish everything had descriptions like that . Bet I can be just as useful as that box . lol Thank god it's the weekend . " 
Happy Birthday Mama . 
Well we're movin on uuuuup .. To the East Side . We finally got a piece of the pie . :) :) :) 
I am still living with your ghost . Lonely and dreaming of the west coast . 
Someone is blasting The Land Down Under so loud in their car that I can hear it through my upstairs office window ..... NICE 
Have another three hours here and I'm already thinking about the beer I'm gonna have after work ...... or four . 
I hope life isn't a big joke , because I don't get it . -- < PROPFIRST > Handey 
Journey on the way to work ... courtesy of Jonathen Renner . :D 
Come on rain ... you can do it ! 
Havin lunch with the family : ) 
wishin my brain would quit havin stupid attacks . 
Having quite literally the worst week of my life . I hope tomorrow is amazing . 
.... dropped the entire 2 pound can of Folgers on the floor at work . Still squeezed two cups of coffee out of the remainder ... BOOYAH !!!!! Eff you morning that tried to ruin my day . 
Definitely a reason why certain people stay in your life . I love the people in mine . : ) 
Girls night ! Woohoo ! 
No Love . No Loss . 
Ready for Roo . 
say ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah 
Waiting for my sweet potato 
AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH TICKETS ARE ON THE WAY NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Freakin excited ! 
Depends apparently now has prints and colors ... since peein your pants isnt cool enough . Gotta be fashionable . 
This ain't no funky Reggae party . $5 at the door . 
Bad start to the day . Hope it gets better . 
Feels like death . Gonna eat a hotdog . 
Actually , I stole this shirt from < PROPFIRST > . 
Just 6 more days ! 
Summertime and the livings easy 
Half way there ! Bonnarooooooooooooooo 
Back to reality ... BOOOOOO :( 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live or differences between them ... REPOST if you are blessed to have at least one of this type of friend . 
Obviously you're not a golfer . 
OMG ...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 hour of work today = AMAZING . Heading home ..... wow .... like wooooow ... :D 
Loves when the hotdog is bigger than the bun 
MSNBC scares the living crap out of me . Gonna have to bite the bullet and get a gun . No pun intended . 
had a fun filled weekend complete with a kiddie pool , beach ball , fake tattoos and beer . God I love life . 
It's pretty hot in here but coffee obviously wins . 
Loves it when drunk people tell me : \this isn't just drunk talk . \ " mm-hmm " 
misses < PROPFIRST > . A lot . 
Haven't been to Ocean Lakes since I was a kid ! Getting ready for the golf cart parade ! : D 
Lol . My boss is a hoot . 
Bacon sausage eggs and toast for lunch . Nom nom nom 
wishing today would just end already and it's not even 9 am . 
New wife swap time 
excited to marry such a truly amazing musician :) 
has a crazy urge to play Oregon Trail . 
Inception then Quarter Deck . Come see Funky Junk play ! New songs today !!!!!! 
sooo handicapped without my sunglasses ... must find nearest dollar store .... 
Funky Junk . Vista Ale House . Yes I think I can dance . 
I love my friends ! :) 
She said I am the one who will dance on the floor in the round 
Zoo time 
Hair appointments made ! Was startin to sweat a little there ... 
just got my Victorias Secret convertible dress in the mail ! Woohoo ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Ready for Brew at the Zoo ! 
Why haven't they made ginormous DumDums yet ? On an unrelated note .. why do people speed up to stop lights and then slam on their breaks ? 
needs a good book to read . Any suggestions ? 
fleas are the devil . actually feel pretty bad for gram 
had a great bridal shower !!! I'm so lucky to have such wonderful friends and family ! :D 
wow ... just wow . 
first night i get to sleep on my isotonic memory foam mattress topper .... aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh 
just woke up from a 5 and a half hour coma . time to partaaaaayyyyyyyy ! 
can't wait to move far away . 
W1D1 today !!! Should be interesting . 
Well at least I know it's not just me ! 
This contact person is named < PROPFEMALE > Fried ! Sounds like some sort of Stewie Griffin plot . 
I love you coffee . You're my BFFFFFFF . 
watchin dem fights 
watchin Not Another Teen Movie . Always a classic . 
almost convinced that no place in existance sells corduroy skirts 
heading home to get my run on 
Put the order in for the cake yesterday ! So excited !!!!!!! Only 43 days . :O 
is sending them out today . Let's get this show on the road ! 
Reading Columbia City Council meetings from 1935 ... crazy interesting !! I love my job . 
< PROPMALE > killed me yesterday ! Definitely feeling muscles I didn't know existed . 
just ordered my Bassnectar tickets ! :) 
I'll be a < PROPFIRST > in 31 days !!! YAYUUUUH 
Consider the Source , bachelorette party ... AND Bassnectar all in one week ! WOW 
Life . :/ 
Goin home to take a nap ... READY FOR TONIGHT !!!!!!!!!!! Watch out Columbia . 
the list is ACTUALLY starting to get smaller . Intense . ;) 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > to see Bassnectar with my favorite person ! :) 
Thanks for all the birthday love . It was a good one ! 
It's a Third Eye Blind type of morning 
Need to run NOW .... been up since 7 with an intense amount of energy ... no good at an office job . :o / 
ugh facebook . 
has < PROPFEMALE > field had work done ? seriously ... how does she look like that ?! 
Ready for some chili !! Funky Junk starts at 3 ya'll . =) 
Ready for my two weeks off ! Officially the longest vacation time I've ever gotten(EVER ) . :D 
Single digits now . Holy Moly . 
at hippy jam fest 2010 
Moving to a new office today ! Thankful not to be at the loudest part of Columbia anymore . 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Adams I am fully equipped for camping now ! 
listening to my dog and husband arguing ?! 
... wanting coffee ... and home ... 
Happy to see that Midlands Tech finally started hiring men ! MEN !!!!!! Can you believe it ??!! Friendly , helpful , hardworking .... MEN !!! BEST trip to school EVER . So happy to actually meet people who LIKE their job . 
What an awful week . SO happy Thanksgiving is soon . 
is an entertainment JUNKIE ... what to watch for my next fix ? 
Someone has their dog in the office upstairs ..... running around and barking like crazy . My boss owns this building .. Does that mean I can bring my dog to work too ? That would make my time here super amazing .. 
sick :/ 
=) 
go gsp ! 
It always has to be something .... 
Must be < PROPMALE > Reynolds or somethin ' ... 
Looks like a good day to break in my new running shoes ! 
with my peoples 
another sunday . thats about as exciting as this status gets . am i the only one thats wonders about these < PROPFIRST > rockwell painted status updates i see constantly or am i really that much of a scrooge ? 
:p 
< PROPFIRST > KART 
ugh ... this work day blows . At least I have a job though ... 
8:00 class .. what the HELL was I thinking ?! 
SO tired of being sick :/ 
CONSIDER THE SOURCE TONIGHT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
1 speech down . 4 more to go . :/ 
CONGRATS < PROPFEMALE > Wallick and < PROPFIRST > Lesh on their sweet little baby girl ! :D 
Full length mirrors are the devil . Time to run . 
CAN'T come up with a demonstration speech topic . I have been racking my brain for over a week now . Any ideas ?? Anyone anyone ??? Bueller ? 
no keys , push to start 
Feeling really overwhelmed . One step at a time , eh ? 
YAY ! < PROPMALE > Semerau is my visual aid for my next speech . This is gonna be awesome ! 
Half day !! Thought I was staying till five too ! YAYUH ! :D 
Brain don't work 
warm weather = a happy < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPMALE > found two grey hairs on top of my head and won't let me live it down . ( I made fun of him a lot after I found his .. lol ) After a week like this though , I'm surprised there are only two . Thank you precious weekend ... 
KRISPY KREME ! nom nom nom 
Oh happy daaaayyyy !! The house is ours !!! Moving in with our best friends =D 
Week #2 of a bloodied up < PROPFEMALE > thanks to < PROPFEMALE > chasing another random dog .... she needs some kind of doggy therapy , after all , I only have so much blood . 
