Hers hoping everyone had the happiest of new years . May 2010 bring you all that you < PROPFEMALE > . Hugs to all my facbook friends and family . Big Hugs . 

My back is killing me today and the drugs just aren't helping any . I wish my baby was back in Md so he could give me a nice massage . Today sucks and not in a good way . 
Anyone still have the instruction book for the game of life ? I seem to have lost mine and also seem to be losing the game . LIfe is getting rougher by the day . 
< PROPFEMALE > is wondering what its all .. everything .. is all for .. does everything really happen for a reason ? Is there a plan set for us when we are born ? Hmmm deep thoughts tonight . 
it is 4:12 am saturday morning and i am half drunk and have not been to bed yet ....... I dont think anyone wants to know what is on my mind right this minute . 
It's now 3:19 am Friday Morning and I have yet to go to bed and am still partying ... can't say much of anything is on my mind right now . What a wonderful feeling . 
Got mad at the boyfriend last night and decided to go for a drive at 12:30 am . I ended up in centreville . Yes I was quite pissed to drive that far . Damn how things have changed since I left there 20 some years ago . It amazing how the eastern shore has grown . Next time I will have to go when people are actually awake and meet up with some old friends . 
Not ready for Christmas . Wish it would just go away this year . Not ready for snow either . I dont own a snow shovel to shovel my truck out and my 4 wheel drive doesnt work . Ah , what an end to an already sucky ass week . 
ok the snow is pretty but I am ready for it to go away already . I dont like being trsapped in the house . I dont have any where I need to go but I like knowing I can go if I wanted to . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christ to one and all . Have a great holiday . 
To all of my friends that are not my nieghbors in Cafe world , Farmville , and Roller coaster Kingdom Please invite me as nieghbors . Thank you . 
Bethy is looking for the sandman . If anyone knows where he is please send him to my house . I need sleep sooooo very badly . Thanks bumches . 
Hope all my friends and family had a great New Years . I spent my New years packing . Yay , what fun . It was just another day/night for me . 
I am sooo sick of friggin snow . I wish it would go away and stay away . I am ready for some warm weather . 
This damn cold weather is playing hell on my poor old aching body . I have to go out to the store and I am dreading it . I used to love the cold now I just wish it would go away . I am sitting here wrapped in my snuggie and a blanket and still cold . Thermostat says its 72 in here . Its got to be wrong . My body hurts so bad !!!! Come on spring . 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
3 loads or laundry done and about 3 to go . < PROPFEMALE > really shouldnt let the shit pile up . Thats a lot of laundry for two people to have . Maybe that tells me we have way to many clothes and need to get rid of some . Our bedroom closet is over filled and so is the spare room's closet . My dresser is over full also . Need to thin out the population some I guess , but that takes energy I dont seem to have . 
What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Google your birth date and #1 billboard song and then post ! 
After all of this snow you would think that I would have went out and bought a snow shovel but nope , not me . Luckily I dont have to worry about getting to work and < PROPFIRST > can worry about his damn self ( he's a big boy ) . I just wait for the snow to melt until I go anywhere . If I have to I can walk two blocks to the store for cigarettes . 
OK , bored with the snow already . Cabin fever is setting in and the worst is yet to come . Really wish my 4 wheel drive worked . Not that I have any where to go but like knowing that I can go if I wish to . 
My head hurts just thinking about more snow . My street hasnt been cleared yet from the first round . My boyfriends brother in law has a big 4x4 and is coming over to take me to the drs today and the grocery store before the next round comes . Thank god for that cause I am outta diet pepsi and I would just go through withdraw and be a total bitch ( more then usual)if I were snowed in again without my soda . 
damn I must be really bored . Sitting here taking a bunch of dumb quizzes . But there isnt much else to be doing at 6:38 am . I really wanna just get in my car and go for a drive but that aint happening so here I sit . Damn friggin snow is drivin me insane ( more so then normal ) . I need to get out . 
To all of my Farmville friends could you please help me finish my horse stable . I still need a lil of everything . Thanks . 
All Farmville friends PLEASE help me with my barn raising . I am running outta time . Thanks 
Morning it is but how good it is is the question considering I have not been to sleep yet and may be making a trip to the hospital shortly with my Boyfriend . But hope everyone elses morning is on the fine and dandy side . 
feels like shit , medications arent helping any , need sleep but cant sleep :( . Got a letter in the mail from dr saying some test results came back badly and they need to put me on more meds . Yippy . I am a walking pharmacy now . 
ok my sweetie just went to bed so I am going to go try the sleep thing also . Wish me luck . I thought my cold was going away but it came back in full force today and I feel like crudddd !!! Hopefully a good nights sleep in my sweetie's arms will do me some good . Good night all . 
Ok , so the sleeping thing didnt work so well last night . I didnt end up falling asleep until 8 am this morning . Mr. Adorable(dont laugh < PROPFIRST > ) and I are off to bed . I hope that I can actually sleep tonight . See ya Friday , < PROPFIRST > . 
Ok , had enough for one day . My body hurts so bad I just wanna cry . I am gonna go drug myself and pray for sleep . Wish me luck . Nighty night all . Hope your night is better then mine . 
Severe depression and panic attacks are a deadly combination and I am fighting hard to stay alive . 
My cat is getting ready to have babies in the next couple weeks . Anyone want a kitten ? 
Cant sleep . Stressing . Cant shut my mind down . 
Why does life have to be such a two way street with no street signs telling you which way to go ?? 
God I wish sleep would come and take me away . The pills and the booze doesnt seem to be4 helping like I need it to . My brain is so tired and it justr wont give me any rest . I wish there was just a way to shut it up and make it leave me alone . i HAVE HAD ENOUGH ALREADY !!! 
Well I am home from my 11 day vacation at the looney bin . What an adventure that was . I hope and pray I can get the real help I need and nothing like this will ever happen again . 
Made it through night number 1 in the real world with not to many issues and I am still alive . Yay me . 
Sleep is so hard when your mind keeps throwing thoughts at you that you really do not want to think about at all . I just want to block out all around me and the world itsself and sleep . I could take some more med but dont know if that is a good idea right now . Well lemme try this once again . Wish me luck one and all . 
Well sleep did finally come a few hours after my last post and then nature called and woke me up . I would have been able to go right back to sleep but someone that decided to stay up till 4:40 am \playing\ " online finally decided to come to bed and woke me up completely and now I cant sleep again . Yay for me I got about 50 minutes sleep . " 
Sleep is still failing me . I got maybe 2 hrs between 7am and noon . I am so tired and feeling very fragile today but nothing I can do about it . Feeling lost and confused with no one to talk to about it . Please god just knock me out for the rest of the day . 
I go to my first out patient psyche appt in a lil less then 10 hrs . I am nervous as hell but hopefully this will be the beginning to my getting the serious help that I need . I really hope and pray that I can get this stuff worked out and the feelings of wanting death to come take me will be completely gone . I know It will all take time but I am willing to put the effort into it . 
I really hate it when I am rudely awaken every morning when someone decides its finally time to crawl up the steps and go to bed . I have sleeping problems as it is and this surely doesnt help matters any . Now who knows when or if I will be able to go to sleep again . GGGGRRRRRRR !!!!!!!!!! 
The pills arent working . The pain wont go away and they havent knocked me out yet . Getting grumpier by the minute . Just took another so maybe it will do something for me . Uhhggggg !!!!! Hate days like today that lead to nights like tonight . 
I need some sleep . I have some things to do tomorrow and dont want to sleep all day or be tired all day . I have been in a shitty mood all day today because my knee is killing me and because I did not sleep for shit last night . I am exhausted mentally , emotionally , and physically . I pray that tomorrow will be a better day then today has been . Wish me luck my friends . 
I hope I can fall asleep easily and dont get waken up later when the others(john , the 2 dogs , and the cat and her 5 kittens ) decide to crawl into bed in the wee hours of the morning . I wanna get alot done tomorrow as long as I dont wake up feeling as badly as I did today . I guess we will see how much rest I actually get tonight . Hope everyone else is sleeping better then I . 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there . I hope you had a great day . 
If there is anyone out there with the right answers please send them my way because I obviously have all the wrong ones . 
Another restless , sleepless night . Uhhgggg they suck(and not in a good way ) . I went to bed at 10:30 tired as hell and was back up at 11:30 wide awake and restless as hell . I didnt wanna keep Mr. Handsome awake Because he has to get up for work in the morning so I decided to come downstairs and work on getting the laundry done . I am going to go try the sleep thing again . I hope it works this time . Nitie nite all . 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it , and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and ... 1 in 3 of us will suf ... fer , at some point in our lives . Show your support for friends who may suffer .. God Bless 
non-petowners who visit and like to complain about our pets : 1 . They live here . You don't . 2 . If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' fur'-niture . 3 . I like my pets alot better than I like most people . 4 . To you , they are animals . To ... me , they are young'uns who are short , hairy , walk on all fours and don'tspeak clearly . Copy & Post if you love your pets 
Is anyone on here going to see Iron Maiden on the 20th ? Lemme know . I will be there . 
How often do men REALLY think about sex ? 
Home from camping and the Iron Maiden concert . The concert was great . I dont really feel relaxed though after a couple days away from home enjoying the great outdoors . Needed a nap when I got home and while taking a nap I had a dream that has been messing with my head ever since I had it . Anyone else ever have a dream that messed with you after you were awake ? 
Real tears are not those that fall from the eyes and cover the face , but those that fall from the heart and cover the soul . 
Who needs family ... well my immediate family any way . I am done . None of them can keep their fucking mouthes shut about anything . Always have to have drama in their lives . Leave me out of it !!!!!!!! 
When all you have to give someone is your time do you choose to give it to them or your computer ? 
I need 3 more neighbors on Farmville . If you are not my neighbor and would like to be PLEASE add me and if you have any friends that would like more neighbors tell them to add me also . Thank you very much . 
What a time to decide not to drink or get high any longer . Damn I sure could use a drink tonight . 
I didnt have a very good night last night . My body is hurting so bad and so is my mind . I couldnt sleep at all last night and spent most of the night in the bathroom . I feel a < PROPMALE > migraine coming on right now so I am going to take something for it and lay down for an hour or so and hopefully stop it before it gets to bad . Wish me luck with that . 
What do you do when your heart , soul , and brain feel dead but somehow the rest of your body is still alive and moving . 
Menstruation , menopause , mental breakdowns ... Ever noticed how all womens problems begin with men ...... especially the mental breakdowns 
Found one thing that makes me happy . My poor sweet snake , whom I thought was going to die , and hasnt eaten in many months(after being attack by a crazy rat ) , finally ate for his mommy tonight . I actually cried tears of happiness . I am so happy my Boner ( sorry thats my snakes name ) is finally doing better . 
Just found out one of my male ball pythons isnt a male . I came home after being gone all day to find my sankes doing the wild thing lol . Guess Boner is a good name for the male . The one that is the female is named BJ ( the are a letter b and letter J in her spots ) will now become < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Lets see if I end up with any lil grand snakes outta this coupling . I am excited but nervous . 
Protect her , love her , kiss her , hug her , hold her , smile with her , laugh with her . But don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her . 
Why dont drs ever listen to you when you try to explain something to them . I think I know my body and my problems a lil better then they do but they just dont listen to me . I think it is time for a new dr. GGGRRRRrrrrrrr !!!!!!!! 
As of tomorrow I will officially be old . I will be 41 tomorrow . I am excited about what we are doing for my birthday though . We are going too see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s play \Madea's Big Happy Family\ " . I love Madea . She is sooooo funny and I can use some good laughs right now . " 
Thank you everyone for all of the birthday wishes . It makes my heart feels good . It really means alot to me . Hugs 
Trying the quit smoking thing again . I havent had a cigarette since yesterday afternoon/early evening . I am not craving one terribly bad right now but I also havent left the house today or seen anyone smoking . Wish me luck . I really need to do this . 
Why cant people see what is right in front of them but swear they see things that dont and never have existed . 
I surely picked the wrong time to quit smoking . I am super stressed out and am really wanting a cigarette today . Damn my will power is getting tested today .... in many situations . 
I am giving up on the no smoking for a couple hours . My will power is best used for other purposes tonight . I need it to keep me outta jail cause I am so ready to go make someone pay for her stupidity . I will go back to not smoking as soon as I can calm myself down , hopefully by the time I wake up . 
I haven't slept more then 20 minutes since 9 am Friday morning . I am totally exhausted but can not sleep . I can't shut my mind off . My world has been turned upside down and I am just not sure what I am supposed to do from here . I am so lost and scared and I just don't know where to go and how to move forward . The ones you love and trust the most take the most from you and hurt you the most . 
Why did God make men such clueless critters ? Are the really that dumb or are they just to damn lazy to use the brain God gave them ? 
Being diabetic with a stupid dr sucks ass . She has me on to much medicine and my sugar is to low very often causing massive headaches and causing me to be very tired and shakey . I have told her its causing low blood sugars but she told me to keep taking it . I guess I will just have to cut it in half myself . I hate when drs dont listen to you . 
Why cant a man ever just realize he f@ #cked up and just say I am sorry . The world would run so much smoother if men werent constantly trying to blame their own misdeeds on someone else . 
God please give me the extra strength I need to be able to push forward and get to where I need to be and do what is right for me above all else . Amen 
Has he been lying to me or is he lying to them ? Not sure I wanna know the answer because either way I have been a huge fool . It's pretty sad . 
I really wish that I could run off to a fantasy world when the real world gets to be to real for me but unfortunately I am stuck here ... suffering . 
Well I have made up my mind . I know what has to be done now . Hopefully I will get a decent nights sleep and wake up with not to much pain so I can get some things done tomorrow , well later today . Good night all . 
I have a massive headache . I think I think to much . Been trying to figure things out that absolutely have no possible answer . GGGggggggrrrrrrrr !!!!!!! 
I want a drink or to catch a buzz so very badly but I quit drinking back on Aug . 8 , 2010 . It's kinda messed up when you quit drinking or getting high because of things that someone else said and did when they were totally stoned and drunk off their ass . But things can't be undone now . 
Damn , 5:46 am and I still cant sleep . This sucks butt holes . Need sleep . I have things I have to do tomorrow . Need someone to tuck me in and tell me a sweet story so that I could go to sleep . 
Had a very enlightening day . I learned something and tried very hard to forget some things(still working very very hard on that one ) . I hope and pray things can somehow continue to improve . 
Hey you , standing in the roadalways doing what you're told , Can you help me ? Hey you , out there beyond the wall , Breaking bottles in the hall , Can you help me ? Hey you , don't tell me there's no hope at allTogether we stand , divided we fall . 
Having a horrible day . Wish things were going as well as they were a few days ago . Guess you cant gauge the future by the past . 
What do you do when there are only two choices and neither one seems to be the right one . There doesnt even seem too be one that is less wrong then the other . I'm lost , but whats new . ho hummmmm 
Thanks the Gods for facebook friends . I made a very special friend on facebook who has helped me out very much in the last week . You know who you are . Thank you so much . 
Finally back among the living after not being able to get online since a certain someone busted my laptop in a drunken fit because I wouldnt pay attention to him 
What good is an epiphany if it comes to late to save you from yourself ?? 
Like the song says \ sometimes love just isnt enough\ " which I find rather sad " 
[ Poke ] Me if you ever had a crush on me or still do . [ Like ] This status if you think I am a good friend . [ Message ] Me if u ever wanted a relationship with me . [ Comment ] On this if we have had good memories . What are they ? I Dare You To Put This As Your Status . 
Hope everyone else Christmas is going much better then mine . 
Its sad when you learn the rules 17 months after you start playing the game . 
I hate packing and moving . Anyone wanna help me ? 
I so wish that I could go to sleep and stay asleep until this month was over and someone else would handle all awful stuff I have to deal with this month . 
Why are there so many flipping love songs on the friggin radio ??? damn 
Anyone know a really good mechanic that works really cheap ? 
The stress on my heart and soul has taken its toll on me . I am numb now . I know longer have the ability to feel anything for anyone . Its such a sad situation . 
My panic attacks , that have been very small or inexistent for a while , have come back in full force . I cant sleep , I cant eat , I shake constantly , and just cry uncontrollably . I hate feeling like this , so out of control . 
So glad all the moving and most of the unpacking is done . My body has almost recuperated from all the work . I fell down the steps and thought I broke my left hand and wrist but hospital took x rays and said it was just a bad sprain . Luckily it is getting better quickly . yay for me . 
Need sleep so badly but can tell this is not going to be a good night for me . I so wish there was a switch that I could flip to just turn my mind off . I am so tired of thinking , and feeling , and stressing , and worrying . 
I think I am the only person on this planet talented enough to fall asleep sitting up in bed and fall out of bed , face first , onto the floor . I woke up upside down on the floor . Now that is just pure talent ... NOT !!! 
I am going nucking futs with my truck broken down . I Hate not being able to disappear when the urge strikes and I REALLY hate having to ask someone to take me somewhere . 
Actually going to try laying down to go to sleep tonight . Falling asleep sitting up at my desk or in bed and ending up on the floor is not as much fun as it once was . I really wish I knew when I was going to fall asleep but cant feel when the sleep meds kick in . I just fall asleep . 
This not sleeping shit is really getting old . Its messed up when you are so exhausted mind and body but can not sleep even with medications . 
I love getting presents , especially from that special best friend . Big Smiles . Going to try the sleep thing early tonight and praying that it actually works . Wish me luck . Good night everyone . 
