My parents are stalking me ! 

Everyone should know that ... comfy clothes are comfy ... 
Making 10+ hats is difficult ! Especially making sure the ears are the right size ! 
Going to try to call < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! Yes , try ' cause there is never will call . Her phone is always dead . >.< 
Likes imaitating Guy-Sensi from Naruto ! \Hmmm ! Hmmmgg ! HMMG ! \"" 
It's friday ! YES ! No homework ! 
Guess what world ! My mom is an author ! She has a book published ! 
I'm about to go to three days of bliss ! These days are known as Naka-Kon ! 
Very upset about the lose of my camera and phone 
School is making me go crazy making me think I \need\ " to get everything done now ! I only want to get it done " 
Head ringing very loudly , barely hear a thing in my left ear and it's echoing , dizzy from it 
I will bite < PROPFIRST > for making my Libbers cry ! 
Excited about hanging with Kisame and < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! 
I'm infuriated by all the band stuff this week ! 
Got home from a band contest awhile ago , we got a 2 which is great especially since we had some really tough judges ! 
Just got back , so yeah ... Taco can you call later ? 
Sleepy and feeling kinda down for no reason 
Going to bed , cause I'm tired and maybe some sewing I doubt it but maybe 
gonna take a shower ! Oh yeah ! 
sick of lying teenagers ! 
I got a phone ! Yays ! 
Yay ! My birthday's here ! So far so great ! 
so excited about tomorrow ! and about Saturday ! Anxious about school though , uggg ! 
banging my head on a dog but ! She won't move , nice headrest though 
home , exhausted , and misspelling words ! 
At UBMS first time on computer 
happy now that I've taken a shower 
my tooth started to move ! I'm so upset ! 
did laundry today ! Yay ! and took a shower this morning ! I'll all about cleaning myself and it's coverings 
Do people not realize what \I do not have my phone\ " means ? Quit texting me ! " 
Just got back to < PROPFEMALE > so happy that I saw my < PROPFEMALE > girl today ! Love you mom and dad ! 
Happy daddy day everyone ! Love you daddy ! 
Dying my hair , well bleacing right now ! 
I lost the game ! 
Broken headphones , and broken shoes ! Why me ? 
Broke my water bottle ! :'( 
Three weeks down three to go ! Can't wait to get home ! 
I just finished my essay ! WOOT ! 
Being extremely mood swingish , ah the joys of being a woman 
Being moody all day , and GO < PROPFIRST > GO ! GOAL ! YES , YOU DID IT < PROPFIRST > ! 
Kinda bored , can't wait for saturday ! 
Just left the dance , and I am sad because it reminded me of the rave at Natsucon that I will be missing ! :'( 
I'm a burrito ! A giggleing burrito ! 
Bed time ! Yay ! and tomorrow I start designing a web < PROPFEMALE > about myself , what fun ! 
So yeah , very tirid ( Mispelling UGH ! ) , and bored . 
My leg is feeling much better ! I can walk up stairs again with little pain ! 
Well , hello world ! I'm doing laundry today ! 
losing my omph again , don't know why I just know I am . I took a stupid shower , against my will . Losing my will again ... why me ? 
Goodnight everyone ! Our last sunday at UBMS ! This has been pretty fun but I am fricken tired of being away from home , I mistook my backpack for my dog tonight ! Wow ! 
Listening to music . and loving it ! 
MAD ! Very mad ! My favorite shade of purple nail polish has gone missing ! I loved it so very much ! If I find out that someone has taken it , I will hunt them down and do something very very very mean ! 
Won't be back here till saturday ! Losing the comps tonight ! love ya my families ! 
DId you know there is pirate english in facebook's language select ? 
They tell me to try to be normal , to try to fit in , and to be like the other kids , I say ' Screw that where's originality and being me ? ' 
Ninja awesome ! I'm an awsome ninja ! So bow before my ninja skillz ! And beware of small children , they bite ! 
Um ... not sure what that last one was all about ... so yeah still beware of small children ... 
I love flair ! It's so funny ! 
Going to bed early , as usual , so now what ... 
Been in one of my funks again , oh well it'll hopefully be over in a day or so . In other news I read a lot today , I'm so happy that Nawat is back in the story and he finally got the girl ! Woot ! lol 
POKEMON ! I want to cosplay them all ! Except maybe Grimer , so which pokemon should I be , I'm definitly doing < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I'm gonna do an eevee evolution ! Please tell which is the best to do ! I'm thinking Espeon or Glacion ! 
Having to force myself to eat , not good , really really not good . At least I'm finally eating for the first time today 
UH ! RANDOM ! That sounds so much better in a monster voice ! 
I am so freaking excited for thursday ! I get to see Domy ! Woot ! 
my foot is falling asleep ! < PROPMALE > respond ! RANDOM ! 
soul eater is an amazing anime ! Go Blackstar ! 
watching soul eater and loveing it ! On ep . 7 now ! 
Oh my gosh ! The nurse is the witch ! SQUEE ! This is such a good series ! ( I am talking about Soul Eater ) 
Got home about a few hours ago ! Yay 
About to sweep and mop ! Yay ! 
Just found a chipmunk .... in my guarge 
Bored . And still in love with Soul Eater ! 
I've got awesome hair ! It'll be even awesomer after tonight though ! I bet no one can guess why ! 
So school's starting tomorrow , I'm not looking foward to it . I don't even have my sechual yet , so first thing in the morning I get to go to the consulers office . what fun ! 
Can't wait for fair on Sunday ! 
Do da do da do da dooooooooooooooooooooooo ! I'm hyper ! WOOT ! DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
Happy halloween everyone ! < PROPFEMALE > says Trick-or-Treat ! Grandma and Grandpa Shadow are here ! Yay ! 
OMG ! I was filmed in drama club today ! And the superintendant is going to see it ! In Feb . I'm going to be rehersing for a small theater production ! 
SQUIDWARD ! 
I got my learner's driver permit on Thursday ! 
My hands smell like clean cotton ! 
I have over a hundred game requests ! And everytime I get a text from \someone\ " I get excited ! I giggle when I get my good morning message ! I think I'm out of my fog because of this person ! " 
Anyone know of any good techno/rave music that's free ? I'm mainly asking my con buddies ! 
ANIME RULES THE WORLD ! 
Anyone want me to do a quick drawing ? I'm not that good but I can upload quickly . I can most easily do Naruto , Soul Eater , or Death Note drawings ! 
I want to scream something dirty right now ! But I won't it may wake up < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen 47 , is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict , while < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , Chauncy Mays 25 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . Honor THEM by re-posting this status 
YES ! I just found the game catridge for my AR that dad couldn't find for a while ! And I found it on accident ! 
I just need two more baby name books to finish part 3 of 4 of the mission 
I'm proud of my school's good band ! 
I just finished publishing the first chapter of my Naruto fanfic ! Just need to type and publish the second chap now ! ... then write , type , and publish the rest of the story ... this is getting difficult 
I just typed up and published chapter two of my story , and now I added a twist so I actually have to do the whole story 
Do adults have bed times ? It's weird they go to bed late and complain of always being tired 
I'm going to prom ! Now I need to figure out what to wear ! * squeal * 
So I got my dress for prom , but I can't post pictures ' til after prom , because it needs to be a surprise to ' the boy ' 
