great way to start the New Year having your car jump started because I left my lights on ... poor dad had to wake up at 1 in the morning . 

maybe this year will be better than the last .. lol ! One thing for sure my birthday last year is hard to top . ahahahaha ! 
Hanging with Grace and < PROPFEMALE > today , it's about time the dynamic trio got back together for some laughs . 
About to < PROPFEMALE > with my nakamas , go team ! ( First and last sport related post , Don't look < PROPFEMALE > Wright and < PROPMALE > Buchholz it burns , but UoL lost .... ) 
Had fun with the spiffy people I call nakamas . Much love to them . 
Discovered something important in life ... ( deep ) 
I was looking at my events and did you know that tomarrow is \World Hugging Day \"?" 
Happy World Hugging Day ! I be hanging with < PROPFIRST > , my Armpit < PROPMALE > today . 
Had fun with my < PROPMALE > ol pal . He is one spiffy Armpit friend . haha ! 
needs to find out the truth , before I go crazy , which I am on the verge of it .. what to do ? I must know as soon as possible but how ? 
is stressed out ... blarg .. 
fixed the computer , so no more getting angry at it . 
I lied my computer is still being a butt . * chucks out the window * 
going to work soon , and writing something important 
is chilling in the hood ... what ? haha 
Has something up her sleeve ... no it can't be ! Not an Armpit !! NOOOOOO ! 
today is my chill day , no work , no nothing , just stare at the wall ... and maybe if we are lucky I may do a magic trick .. if we are lucky . haha 
is feeling better , I am not as ill anymore 
is ploting evil ... BEWARE !! LOOK OUT ! HIDE THE CHILDREN AND YOUR ELDERS ! MUAHAHAHA !.... hi ... 
I need to update my status ... but I am still ploting evil for Wednesday so beware to my friend . harhar ! 
isn't going to stay up too late , I have to go running around tomarrow . 
has a song stuck in her head . =P 
tomarrow is going to hopefully go according to plan , my kidnapping plot . harhar ! BEWARE ! 
is kidnapping and hanging with my Armpit < PROPMALE > today . I am evil . 
my Armpit < PROPMALE > and I moved the kidnaping to two Wednesdays from now . I wanna steal him so bad . harhar 
There is a club on here for liking Armpits ?! Count me in ! ( I am disturbing aren't I ... but proud . xD ) 
Wanna know a secret ? 
there is a < PROPFEMALE > on the table ... oh boy just because it's her birthday she thinks she can lay all over the place 
Happy Fourth of July everyone ... even if it rains don't let that put a damper on your plans . 
has had the worse luck this week , I think there is a rain cloud following me ... literally 
Feels dead ... my inspiration is missing and it's because I am bored ... it's making me sad and I CAN'T TAKE IT ! 
A nice swim ... I feel alive again .. no more emo butt . 
Ordered < PROPFEMALE > Deatons present ... whatever could it be ? lol ! 
Going to work in a wee bit , feel free to text me .. I would love that . 
Needs something to do with herself ... hahaha I love my dirty mind XD 
Today is Wednesday and everyone knows Wednesday is the day I < PROPFEMALE > with one of two of my bestest nakamas . Today I < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > Deaton , next Wednesday , I < PROPFEMALE > with my other bestest friend . 
Had fun with < PROPFEMALE > today ... old person movie day . 
.... arf ? 
Today I am very very busy ..... chilling . 
going to go do something productive .... drawing a comic works for me . 
can I have some hugs ? ( What I haven't had a hug in two weeks . ) 
Going to work soon ... texting is nice .. on a rainy day more so 
Whelp I am here ... * sits down looks around * Sure is nice here . 
Whelp going to work in a bit , texting is nice . 
I be going to sleep soon ... since I will probably be hanging with the sister tomarrow . 
Hanging with the family today ... when is the last time the whole family has gotten together ? 
Wishing Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > , 23 and still kicking . 
Tomarrow should be interesting ... just like today was . 
Kidnaping Mr. Andrew today , I always wanted to kidnap one of my best friends . lol ! 
had a wonderful night with < PROPFIRST > , he is truly an amazing friend . 
tomarrow I chill . 
Going laptop hunting today .. I want to make new movies and need a firewire . 
Happy ride an escalator the wrong way day . xD Woohoo ! Today should be a work holiday . lol ! 
is oh so tired .... blarg 
Today better be better than yesterday .. sure I had a break < PROPMALE > yesterday but that was the only good news . ( Thanks armpit < PROPMALE > . =D ) 
Working on a surprise 
Check back later ... I have some NEW footage to post ... never seen online but I do want more next wednesday * cough * when * cough * I have a da party 
is here and that is all 
chilling before work ... 
finishing my masterpiece , though I must give thanks to one of my buddies for volunteering to help ... or at least it sounded like they volunteered ... hope they did ... don't kill me ! Also another one of my friends looks so cute in chibi style T3T 
overslept ... shame on me but meh I didn't get much sleep last night anyhow 
wishes to swim at least one day in July ... oi 
One more day til vacation what am I going to do with mysef ... and yes it is suppose to sound wrong xD 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > today , what will happen tomarrow ? I am going to text people and find out . xD 
Had fun with Grace today , next < PROPFEMALE > out is on Wednesday with < PROPFEMALE > , I love vacation ... but of course I miss my work family like always . =P 
Drawing to forget what I have learned 
Getting some stuff together for a yard sale ... but still wants to forget what all I heard yesterday ... I fear love again ... Thanks ... thanks freaking alot ! 
Tomarrow I am < PROPFEMALE > ing with < PROPFEMALE > , because I miss my mischeivous work sister , than on Thursday I < PROPFEMALE > with my Armpit buddy .. I am set this week . =D 
Hanging with bestest friend < PROPFEMALE > today , going to a movie on Senior citizen Wednesday . Tomarrow I < PROPFEMALE > with bestest male friend < PROPFIRST > , going to a different movie . MY TREAT for all ! 
Had fun with < PROPFEMALE > and the geezer glasses ( 3-D glasses ) 
Tomarrow I be hanging with < PROPFIRST > , my Armpit < PROPMALE > ol pal . I had fun with < PROPFEMALE > today of course though =P 
Hanging with < PROPFIRST > , who is getting the same friendly treatment as < PROPFEMALE > , because they are awesome . =3 
Is 3 pictures away from finishing my Memory album . Hanging with < PROPFIRST > today .. same treatment as < PROPFEMALE > , I treat , but he must get a photo with me for < PROPFEMALE > ( she wants vacation pictures and I am taking it seriously . ) harhar 
Had a fun time with < PROPFIRST > today , my Armpit < PROPMALE > 
is touched , I love all my friends ... you guys are the greatest I couldn't ask for better . * sniffs * 
Nice to know that she has the most amazing friends ever , I couldn't ask for any better . Thank you all for being great ! Wish I could do the same . 
Is chilling today , but wishes my father a happy birthday ! 
Just noticed something about her sister ... she needs something on her profile . hehe LAME !! 
Finally going to do something productive ... I hope 
Whelp back to the office today ... erm ... work .... yeah lets go with work . lol ! 
Going to see my favorite people and crazy people ( to work ) 
Tomarrow should be interesting going to work at 9 at night for about two hours 
Crappy rain day .... but meh I feel down in the dumps anyhow . 
To work at nine ? Crazy right ... but I will be back of course ... before 1 hopefully XD 
Going to work in a bit ... see how I am laters . ROAR !! 
Home from work , saw a bunch of old men . 
Facebook you are a butt yet again ... I hope you see this ! 
hanging wtih < PROPFEMALE > today , tomarrow is going to be rough 
Feeling somewhat happier . 
Going for a Walkie ... I am like a dog ... I like walks ! * barks randomly * Maybe later I will play fetch ... kidding . Be back laters . 
Going to go draw , I need to quit slacking off . 
Theres a grand geezer behind you ! * runs and rides behind the grand master bed * ( random yes but I am crazy today ) 
has too much on her mind . 
Going to bed ... enough said really . 
Redid my room , the TV is over there * points * the bed is here * points * and my video games are over there * points once more * 
it is too hard to be productive ... this comic is never going to get done . T_T 
Going to go swimming in a wee bit . 
Going to go to work laters , so feel free to text because I enjoy a good conversation . And don't you dare < PROPMALE > me !!!! hahaha 
really into the techno music these past three days ... now where are the tacoes ? ( inside joke xD ) 
Whelp I work today , woke up late , and what am I going to do now ... oh yeah that thing * gets off computer and runs away * 
To sleep I go . * hides under the bed randomly * 
I am awake just very tired ... didn't sleep to well last night . 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > today , Fun Fun ! Got to have some fun before school starts back up in two weeks . 
Chilling like a villain today but meh , oh well 
RAH ! ( I love that noise I am sorry ) 
Slap happy ! RAH ! * sticks tongue out and runs excitedly into a wall * Ouch ! 
Wha ? Only one more week of vacation ? How can it be ? 
Going to clean all of the monsters out from under her bed , from the closest , and even from the dresser ... what ? I have to clean the house for tomarrow . 
Time for a day-dreaming session ... yes I need one ... xP 
The things in real life that hurt the most are the things that inspire ( Yes I have been deep lately haven't I ? ) 
Do not interfer with my artistic process (????????????????????) 
Hi ! ( Insert your name here ) I am doing spiffy but of course ... a wee bit bored is all and ( Insert fun word here ) 
Jamming to some music ... dang can you believe there is only one week left of Summer vacation ... NO !!! 
Going to work soon , oh goodies 
Feels like an old person ... my back ! XD 
Going to the great outdoors .... they are great ! 
doing some research ... for the heck of it ... give me a break ! 
has a headache .... oi ! 
Sleep sounds like a plan 
I am up ! Woohoo ! ( I am running out of fun stuff to say ) 
On my hour break .... at home . 
Home sweet ... BED !!! * jumps on bed all excited * 
Going to clean the home front , maybe run some errands , and than < PROPFEMALE > with nakama .. busy busy 
Chilling like a villain 
I am working on < PROPMALE > , that will be a work of < PROPMALE > ... hopefully ... at least in a comic/c < PROPMALE > oony sense . 
I think I can control the weather ... just ask someone who witnessed it . 
My butt hurts ... haha ! Well it does ... 
hates Facebook more every freaking day ... I can't respond to anything without there being some stupid error ! 
too dang busy and not enjoying it even a little bit . 
I don't wanna go to school so I say no no no ! ( LAME ! ) 
To work today ... than back to school tomarrow , than to work tomarrow ... than I die on Tuesday . 
Back to school tomarrow , this should be fun ( That is sarcasm there ) 
Actually feels really good today , nothing is weighing me down ... NOTHING ! 
Got home now bed ... LAME ! xD 
Where the heck have I been ? I don't even know .. 
feels so hopeless and not like herself at the moment 
feeling better and will stay strong for her work sister 
hates that it is thunderstorming outside ... oi 
hanging with the parents 
* randomly giant smile * hehehe ! 
Sleep sounds good ... I will do that now . 
Had a good day ... yay for that ! 
feels hopeless anymore ... just call me < PROPFEMALE > the emo 
Going to bed ... I feel sick and upset again 
still feels sick 
Don't mind me ... for not having been myself ... just a bad stroke of luck . I am cheering up though . 
Why can't I ever be 100% happy ? 
* smiles * 
Who wants to go to the fair tomarrow ? 
Going to bed ... I am not tired just bored and doesn't know where anyone is at . ( friends * whistles * here friends * whistles *) Just kidding 
I am so sorry ... please forgive me , I didn't mean whatever I did . 
can't do anything right anymore ... can't draw , can't film ... my inspiration is gone . 
can't do anything right anymore ... can't draw , can't film , can't day-dream ... my inspiration is gone ... I can only sleep anymore . ( Sorry I am emo lately ) 
What's the point anymore ? My happiness is dead . 
Is thankful she has great friends , that is all she needs . 
Who needs love ... it is a stupid waste of space feeling ?, All I need is friendship 
Don't worry I am feeling alot better now that I realize how special the friends that I have truly are . 
Wishes she could turn back time ... what I can dream can't I ? 
Hanging with Nakamas today , once I am done with my homework 
Had a fun time at the fair with the friends . 
Had fun last night but back to work .... and homework 
Beware < PROPFEMALE > , the person who now comments statuses O.O 
whelp I am bored already ... and I don't wanna go to work ... I wanna watch the rain clouds roll in 
Whelp back to work ( To < PROPFEMALE > , yup I was at home for my break again . hehe ! ) 
Home sweet home ... you know what that means .... HOMEWORK TIME !!! 
Done with homework now what to do ? 
( Pulling a < PROPFEMALE > ) Today here is my list of things to do : Homework , Watch a DVD , Draw , Go to Work , Eat , Go to bed .. lol ! 
To bed I say 
feels like a zombie , just here that is all I got ... enough said . 
Sleepy time * dies * 
Going to work soon ... hmm ... this should be interesting 
has just one wish 
going to work soon ... fun ... ( I haven't been brainwashed yet . ) 
To bed with me ... well whatelse can I do ? 
Working on relief project for class now 
My goal is to make all my friends happy .. and I will this I swear . 
says be happeh for crying out loud ! 
Is one of the only people who hates football ... You can call me crazy but meh I have better things to do . 
Needs to stop pandering on the past 
' s hands hurt from her project ... ouch ! 
needs to sleep but meh I am a night owl 
Waiting for my 2nd class to start ... boring ... oi it is weird when you have more friends at work than at school 
Can't wait to finish these two assignments ... than I can finally relax 
Tomarrow my project is due for Foundations II , wish me luck 
Needs to work on her English paper ... it isn't going to write itself sadly ... or will it ? * stares at paper and pencil and waits for something to happen 
wanted her paper written so bad that it did write itself , now I can continue to work on a drawing for a friend .. the hurricane of homework is over . 
Did I tell you all ... my friends , that I love you . ( CORNY !... but true ) 
WOOHOO ! NO HOMEWORK AND 2 DAYS OFF OF WORK STARTING TOMARROW , I CAN'T WAIT !!! 
My vacation for two days begins 
Is off today and tomarrow , time to relax . 
Wants to draw .... but is into editting photos at the moment . haha 
Going to work on a new idea , oh and as for my old comic idea ... I know where to go with it . 
Here , there , and everywhere ... but that place over there * points at random spot * It's too far and I am too lazy to walk . 
just cleaned my room ... now I am going to go do nothing . 
Hanging with Grace this evening , catch you later 
Whelp back to the office ... wait ... work today 
Going to sleep , wished my mind would quit wondering 
Oi , I love life .... ( sarcasm ) 
Off today , but working Wednesday instead so fear me ! XD 
Taking Requests ... but be warned that time varies ... 
Taking Requests ... but be warned that time varies ... Read blog for details and my drawing styles 
Chilling like a villain but of course 
doesn't feel like herself ... why put on a fake mask ? 
going to class now , see you around 2 .. unless I am studying .. got a big < PROPMALE > History exam on Friday 
Time to study ... yay ! For a test on Friday and working Wednesday- Friday . haha 
Is back and waiting ... waiting for what ? I don't know . 
notices I am rather reclusive at school ... what can you do though ? ( Secret Fun Fact : < PROPFEMALE > is very very shy ) 
woke up for a 9 o'clock class , drove out to NKU , got there class was canceled .. and I have to go back at 1 ... oi ... 
whelp I studied now I can draw ... I really want to draw that idea that is lodged in my head but what can you do ? 
hopes < PROPFEMALE > gets better real soon , work won't be the same without her tonight . 
is in thought again , but that is the way of the artist .. day-dream believers 
I have a quote stuck in my head ... oi ... I do hope < PROPFEMALE > is feeling better .. 
oi ... my body acks 
Going to sleep ... is tired for a change 
Going to work soon ... I hope there is a truck * grabs managers leg * don't make me go out on the floor alone ... people scare me . 
I like statuses !!! RAH ! ( doing some homework ) 
I wanna make a movie ... I feel so inspired to , Not a Wal-mart video , a real movie ! 
needs to get out there , I need to quit closing the world out ... but first I draw 
Where do I go from here ? 
wishes there was a way to print images out of your head . That would rock ! I would make tons of posters . ( Wha ?! For the moments you don't have a camera on you but still remember ) 
still wants a head printer lol ! ( That printer that prints your memories directly from your head ) Yes .. I have been day-dreaming more than usual . 
I don't even know what to write here anymore ... that is how out of wack I am . 
working on a sculpture and doing some personal pondering . 
going to < PROPFEMALE > with the family . 
Working on my scrapebook : Includes Family , Work , and Friends but of course . 
Blarg ... it is so cold out ..... and I am tired again 
working on her English paper 
working on the scrape book more .. I got four pages done ... ONWARD ! 
is back to her good ol self , this time for real . Stress be gone ! 
you are not going to believe this .. lol ! I am laughing so much just at the thought . You all will find out soon enough . haha 
HI ! 
Going to go work on a project of mine .. need to make something artsy and beautiful 
is doing nothing at all ... wow ... am I that boring anymore ? 
is the only person in my family who doesn't watch football on Sunday .. and does something productive . ( I wanna see my brother and sister reply to this XD ) 
Going to sleep ... have class early ... than to work ( with no truck ) .... but meh I am going to treat myself to some tacoes ... WOOHOO !! Oi and I will bring my scrape book in tomarrow and Thursday .. the last < PROPFEMALE > well .. that isn't a side you see of me . xD 
when will it stop ? Well ... I will keep busy with my < PROPMALE > project 
* laughs * I want my relationship status to be \It's Complicated with .... MY PARROT ! \ " ROFLMAO " 
hopes my mother gets better soon .. =( 
too much mushy stuff for my liking around here .. make it stop ! It burns ! 
Just found out that NKU had an underground tunnel connecting all the buildings ... hmm 
Having an interesting chat with my sister ... about halloween costumes . 
Just heard the spiffiest news , in English we have to make a video , and well it's not due for sometime but it involves < PROPMALE > , so who wants to < PROPFEMALE > in my video . =D 
Winner ! I am the winner ! hehehe ... of what ? I will never tell . lol ! 
Going to draw or sleep 
tired ... blarg ... * yawns * 
Going to play < PROPFIRST > Kart .. I love me some Waluigi . XD 
Whelp ... I am bored but hey on the bright side only three more weeks until Sugoicon , I can't freaking wait . ( yes I am weird ... RESPECT ME FOR IT ! ) 
Wonders how < PROPFEMALE > Deatons night went yesterday . Hope it went well < PROPMALE > , one of us deserves to find happiness this year . =D 
Three more weeks I can hardly stand the wait ... woohoo ! 
should be sleeping , but I am just too up and awake to . XD 
Is so so so so tired ... and it is freezing outside . 
Waiting for my < PROPMALE > to come ( bull crap ! that is fiction ) more like waiting for my class to start lol ! ( Now that is reality ) 
Oi ... I am tired ... I have been tired for 7 weeks ... I should just sleep two days through . lol ! 
precious and fragile things need special handling , my god what have we done to you ? We always try to share , the tenderest of care , now look what we have put you through ... I pray you learn to trust have faith in both of us . ( Dang Depeche Mode song stuck in my head xD ) 
Perfection can usually never be reached , when you think you have finally found it ( in < PROPMALE > or life ) it is always flawed or not as it seems . ( Wow ... when I am deep in thought ... I am deep in thought ) 
is a wild and crazy ... animal ... yeah lets go with that . 
I like your status . ( I am talking to the whole world by the way ) 
Is confused by her emotions at this point . 
Going to class , if you want me go to Founders Hall 5th floor , or go to the Fine Arts building 4th floor ... haha .. I give too much details . 
Yay ... for a two day fall break ... that just sounds wrong ... two days ? Really ? Give us the whole week . 
Can't sleep , my mind is too busy 
needs to make things right .. BEFORE i GO CRAZY ! 
Wanders what the true meaning of life is ..... also does it come with a side order of fries ? 
Going to go draw a ... erm ... dark picture ... I was going to say pretty picture , by my < PROPMALE > work topics are too complex and I won't define them as pretty ... oi and I don't believe in sweetest day ( it has to do with love and yuck ) ... it is Saturday to me ... 
Is crazier than usual , is that even possible ? Maybe I am up to no good ... but who knows ? 
my head is pounding so I am going to bed after all ... meh .. that is what I get for listening to my music loudly .. what can you do ? 
got to write a paper , or it will never get done ... lol ! 
finished my work scrapebook today ... Amanda you will love these two pages . < PROPFEMALE > too . XD 
get ready to see < PROPFEMALE > like you have never seen her before ... in 4D . ( ahahaha ) 
( Insert something random and fun here for my status ) 
Got a hat and a spiked wirstband . I love it XD 
Going to bond with the family , going to see Zombieland . 
oh goodness , what will I do next ? 
Working on another drawing ... who would have guessed , this one I am actually going to try for anatomically correct . 
Did some anatomy research , I am going to make these figures perfect I swear it ! 
Got a paper to write and am slowly falling asleep at the moment 
my headache is back ... too much gossip and chit-chating ... oi .. 
the smallest thing is the most annoying of things 
feels the love from her nakamas , I am not worthy . 
Best get ready for work ... it is too dark in here . 
Home sweet home for Saturday .. woo 
whelp I am bored already . lol ! 
if you have texted me and I haven't replied in a few hours , don't worry , my cell is being somewhat of a butt , just give it a few days . 
No homework , no class tomarrow , Sugoicon is this weekend , what could make this week better ? 
moving all my stuff back into my room , since the painting part is done , also I am going to finish inking a drawing which * gasp * is good enough for the wall ! ( Not many artworks go on the wall ) 
Guess I should sleep ... guess .... I can't .... I should though ... BLARG ! 
is yet again back to her crazy lifestyle , this time I am serious though , the crazy side is here to stay forever again . HOORAY ! 
?????????????????????????? 
time to draw and listen to the rain on the roof 
is chilling in class ... what ? I am , hope you read this mother . haha ! 
feels like being evil maybe .... I haven't been evil in ages so it seems . harharhar ! 
Evil today for sure why ? Because I have the right to . ehehehehe 
Hanging with Nakamas Friday and Saturday , time to forget about the stupidity in the world sometimes 
Had fun at the party tonight 
I wander if < PROPMALE > will be at Sugoicon today .... what ? He has been there maybe . lol ! 
Had fun today at Sugoicon , and yes I am crazy . lol ! < PROPMALE > rocks ! 
Zuzuzuzuzuz ... I am sleeping ! 
has no fears or worries anymore , will value all the precious memories and hope they never fade away . 
Poking all of the above back ! 
wow , this morning was amazing ... I got up looked at the clock wondering why my alarm didn't wake me up sooner , and saw that the time was 8:35 PM not AM ... I had to rush right out the door . 
Words of Wisdom : Never judge a book by it's cover . It maybe rough around the edges but it could be the best read of your life . 
is inspired yet again .. I always have these moments where one minute I am the next I am not . 
Loves mutations ... as a drawing subject ... not in real life .. I don't want my friends growing another set of arms or anything like that .. no no ! 
is annoyed , why the heck is Drawing and Graphic Design next semester at the same freaking time during the day ? I would like to work at some point next semester and don't want to go in the dang evening ... ( I need one more class for Mon and Wed , but nothing works !! ) 
figured out my classes finally 
is it a bad thing when you are attracted to a cartoon character you made up yourself ? ( I know I am crazy , but I don't care ) 
( insert your own fun status ... I am out of ideas ) 
Has to study so do not bother at the moment ... maybe later 
has a < PROPMALE > history test today and than to work with me .. than I draw a pretty picture ( random ) ... wait it's not going to be pretty it's going to be dark .. I like dark things 
Words of Wisdom : It comes natural to say \Hi\ " but when it comes to saying \ " Bye\ " that is hard . " 
is writing finally , those plotlines aren't going to produce themselves you know . lol ! 
needs to acomplish her goals and focus ... I hope ... hehe 
Going into work early today ... 1-9 , me like 
Has an easy week , yeah ! 
feels like crap .. oi 
is awake and has an idea ... * ding ! * 
is having one of those \Don't push that button\ " moments " 
needs to quit pondering on the past and focus on the now . ( curse these nightmares ) 
my wirst hurts ... from making wooden tools . 
Most random question I got asked today : If you could get any cardboard standee who would it be of ... I am not answering lol ! 
finished her plotline for her comic ... it is only 13 pages long and so out there ... the last situation makes me cry ... awww ... 
whelp the rest of my semester is planned ... work , work , work , and oh work 
Happy Friday the 13th , the best days are those that cause bad luck .. 
is still sleeping on the inside but today I have to : Make my last wooden tool , finish my sketches , Write an 1000 word paper , and take photos for the movie I am making for class ... * sighs * Winter break needs to hurry up and get here .. 
Just got herself something she always wanted ... my life is complete . lol ! 
feels artsy fartsy again ... but meh head hurts 
My headache is gone finally ... woo 
Had a weird dream last night , my eye ball was hanging from it's socket and blarg ! 
Back from work . 
is tired but that is my own stupid fault ... I have died .. 
accomplished alot this Sunday and Monday : < PROPFIRST > the last picture of a certain subject , made a voodoo doll out of < PROPMALE > for class ( I am serious and I will take pictures ) , and I finished all the word slides to my powerpoint ... now I just have to write two English papers and an < PROPMALE > History paper .. woohoo 
alot of people have deep statuses but I can't think of one ... come back later , when I am in a ranting mood . ( haha ) 
Preordered that plushie , so it might not be here until december ... I am sad .. 
today is already a CURSED day ... it has been cursed since last year .. 
The worst part about the winter ( The season of loss ) is it gets dark eariler and makes one think of all they have lost and how alone one is in the darkness ... 
May end up going to work dancing ... I just feel like dancing for some reason .. so BEWARE and don't throw off my Groove . 
Gave up on her hopes , never her dreams . ( If you see me be sure to give me a hug , I am rather sad . ) 
That voice ... it can't be ? ( Shocked ! ) 
MOOBS ! hahaha ! 
Working on my artist book ... got the materials today 
If you need help in life , check out the enclosed instruction booklet . 
is debating if she should have a Holiday party . 
is this seat taken ? * aims to grab behind * Hey where the freak is your butt ? ( skinny person joke I laugh at myself ) 
MOOBS ! = Man boobs ( sorry I just love that word , and the weird thing is I go for slender men ... haha ) 
is flattered ... really ... but I will think about it . 
going to clean the room , I am that bored .. lol ! 
Thanksgiving is like any other day for me .. I work . XP 
Has a shiner on her left eye , from my own stupidity of running into a door frame . 
Is here , no Black Friday shopping for me .. crazy ! 
Everytime I think of you I get a shot right through with a bolt of blue , it's no problem of mine but it's a problem I find living a life I can't leave behind , Everytime I see you falling , I get down on my knees and pray , I wait until that final moment to say the words that I can't say- Bizzare Love Triangle 
cleaning the room today , I didn't on Friday because I was lazy as heck . 
Cleaning the room NOW , and than going to work on character profile pictures for my comic , since I found that missing material I needed . 
doing some thinking . 
my eye is bothering me . 
Can't sleep so I draw ( logging off for the evening ) 
is going to write the spiffiest blog ever and needs at least 4 people for my video , I got two for sure I need to see if < PROPFEMALE > Deaton and Grace McGee will draw for me . ( Haha TAG ! ) 
Stay tuned for a fun blog ... I am serious I will post it when I am not in an open area where everyone is looking over my shoulder ( pet peeve ) 
what inspires me is not for the fate of heart ... maybe if your heart mutated a bit you would understand better . ( Deep ) 
is in class , things I NEED to do today : Get footage , Work on handle , Write a paper , and finish my Sin drawing for myself . 
is vergly tired already ... dang all that homework and stuff . 
boredom is a bastard so lets go cause some disaster . 
has to work on a video oh and guess what what ... Tomarrow my camera is back at work ... if you know what I mean time to make some magic , fun magic . 
scanning a picture , than maybe writing a blog ... who knows really . Fun blog day ! 
in the past two days I have been called the following : Weird , Insane , Crazy , Dork , Not Right , Out there , and Strange- I thank you all for the positive feedback . * smiles * 
Class is over the 16th , I can't wait , one exam next week , that is it 
can't wait until Tuesday , more christmas shopping : Have to get the mother something and have to get friends something 
draws all the bad luck in 
though I've had some bad luck there is always a light at the end of the tunnel 
is going to draw or read with my cat ... she is being a good < PROPFEMALE > . 
my goodness , we are getting near the end of the semester about freaking time . 
is so freaking tired again , but this is my last day basically for getting up early .. I am so happy ! 
Going to class but is too tired to really focus and besides it is a presentation day so meh 
Is done with all assignments now I just go to class to basically be there . 
Heck yes , my plushie finally shipped , I can't freaking wait . ( Yes I am like a little kid , but I want my Waluigi plushie xD ) 
Should sleep since I always complain of being tired ... but I can't ever focus myself to sleep .. shame on me . 
Basically the last day of real class . 
Going to bed , nothing better to do really 
Last day of class ... really 
Going to class , than afterwards work ... hehe .. it's funny I have to get some stuff at work today check it out : 8 Tent Stacks and Peanut butter ... best combo ever . But we are out of FREAKING PEANUT BUTTER ! haha 
thinking positive more so lately . 
Cleaning the room because it is a mess 
can't wait for my sister < PROPFEMALE > Wright to come up next week . 
One exam this week and I be free , that would be in < PROPMALE > History on Wednesday , freedom is just around the corner . 
I don't wanna go to sleep but I should ... I am always complaining of being tired , but yet REFUSE to sleep , what the heck is wrong with me ? ( Just like ; How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop , the world may never know ... ) 
Studying today 
Studied for two hours time for a break until this evening .. 
Could you only take my picture ... because I am too tired to remember ... haha ! 
is sleepy sleepy sleepy 
going to study but I found a bunch of my old writings and they are quite interesting . 
actually took a cat nap ... oi ... I haven't had one of those in ages , but when I am studying on a soft couch it is only welcomed . 
Running all over tomarrow with the mother , last day of class Wednesday , party Saturday I can't freaking wait , time to get back in touch with some friends . 
Finished her Holiday shopping today , just going to wrap in a bit . NO PEEKING ! 
is exhausted beyond belief ... zuzuzu I'm ALIVE ... ugh ... 
is a slacker ... shame on me , I actually ran out of stuff for my Seven Sins idea , so I am going to One Piece again ... err ... maybe I didn't run out of ideas , I just want to draw some pirates ( haha ) 
didn't make it ... is soflty falling asleep and there is no help for that ... * falls onto bed * 
last class of the semester , than my winter break starts at 2 ... FINALLY ! 
Waking up finally , but now I got to go to my final class of the semester , wish me luck on the exam ! 
Free at last ! 
Going to ink ... than later I might start that Mr. 3 x Buggy picture . 
going to bed is exhausted still ... 
Got a B in < PROPMALE > History , Lets go for straight B's here ! Whelp I am going to go draw that Mr. 3 x Buggy thing , I love that pairring and it is wrong . 
Going to bed because I can , woowoo ! Happy 3:18 AM everyone ! 
Can't wait to see my sister real soon , < PROPFEMALE > Wright 
Can't wait to see my sister real soon < PROPFEMALE > Wright , also since I noticed alot of people have Pokemon display pictures , Golbat and Trapinch are my favorites 
Joinning in the pokemon fun , Golbat is my favorite . 
hanging with the sister < PROPFEMALE > Wright catch you laters 
jamming while making some animations ... and is spazzed out .. oi ?????????? 
is a night owl , can't sleep at night much ... hoo hoo ! 
* shivers * * shivers * So cold ! 
( Going all anime on you ) and just because I was locked in my room all day doesn't mean I am emo , it means I just don't like football ... so there * sticks tongue out * 
Not tired one bit .. hahaha 
is here , is there ... but isn't over that way * pokes to corner of the room * No sir ! 
got caught singing and shaking ... oh boyz 
hanging with the sister today 
wants to write but doesn't want to write what is in my head .. too much like all my other stories , I want something different . 
life is good my friends . 
too many changes , so little time . 
had a wonderful Christmas . 
Happy Holidays ! 
I have been busy busy playing with my christmas cheers ... lol ! 
hi ! 
thinks too much on the most random subjects of all ... say what ? 
Life is good ( corny I know , but true ) 
had a strange dream last night ... I wish it were real . * heart trobs * 
Time to go hide somewhere with a good read ... or maybe I will chat with an old friend online .. hmm ... 
is reading .. so laters 
is bored ... I always am ... ohhh ... 
needs to quit being pessimistic .. there a New Years Resolution ( I have about 4 though .. ACK ! ) 
my mood is improving .. sorry for the outburst . ( ohhh ... ) 
Happy New Years ! ( Why am I saying it now , because I will be at work past midnight .. I am going to go hide at midnight that is foresure , got some love I need to send out . ) 
Going to go and hide , trying to keep my good mood for the new years , but knowing my luck something will tweak me ... anyhow my only wish is to at least finish a piece I am working on by midnight ... at least the Mr. 3 part .. ( GOAL ! ) Work or no work I will suceed . * evil smile * 
Happy New Year Everyone . Have a wonderful one . :3 
Yay ! It's the new years , rainy and those people are outside cursing again across the street . Goodness there are children on this street ... shut up ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Wright , you best get well soon woman . I miss my sister . Same goes for your man < PROPMALE > Buchholz . I do care . <3 
Listens to so many remixes that when I listen to the original it seems so ... slow . XD 
I had to change my default the picture is so shiny and new . * pokes clown nose * 
Saw these charms somewhere , they are One Piece characters BUT you can make a crack pairing keychain . The flag of that character connects with another . 
Nani ?! ( Otaku of Anime anymore ) 
discovered that I have my own language ... Bitish ! ( Not British there is a difference ) 
too dang tired .... 
Working on a picture about Friendship ... but who is going to get it when it is finished ? Someone who understands a joke and the relationship between the two characters in the picture . 
Hopes it snows alot .. Come on 5 inches ! 
Yay for the snow 
Working on a shirt design ... only if you are a TRUE One Piece fan would you understand the joke and the idea . ( Featuring PineCone ) 
Sleep ! 
I'm awake ! Woohoo ! 
Hard to believe that class starts again on Monday , At least I don't have class on Fridays , One class on Mondays and Wednesdays : 9- 11:30 , Three Classes Tuesday and Thursday 9-3 with no breaks ... oi mercy . 
Chilling in my room that is routine when the football game is on ... I forbid myself to watch sports ... 
Listening to some good ol music while making some animations ... crazy stuff there . Cheers to all ! ( meh ... don't ask ) 
Oi back to school tomarrow , I don't mind it , it is just once you stay up til 3 in the morning it is hard to go to sleep at midnight or so and get up early ... blarg ! 
is exhausted , so falling asleep should be easy than . Class tomarrow 9- 11:30 
had a good first day back , sounds like an interesting class . 
Going to sleep but I need to give props of my RP friend for finding the mother load of Impel Down fanart .. they are so cute . 
It's so cold .. I wish it was warm out . 
I am copying < PROPFEMALE > Wright look at the innocence of < PROPFEMALE > at the age of 4 
Going to sleep , I feel so emotionless .. I hope my emotions come back soon ... ( okay I am not emotionless just I only feel content .. that is all I feel .. I am basically here ) 
I am on a computer , why not comment and like other peoples statuses ? haha ! 
Tomarrow is Friday ... at least for me .. 
Needs to figure out a way to < PROPFEMALE > a backpack , < PROPMALE > Portfolio , and a toolbox to school without falling over . 
happy friday ! Get out of class at 2:55 go to work at 4 , get off at 1 in the morning ... than I am free for two days . Despite today being a nonstop day . ( No breaks between classes and life ) FYI : New blog sometime tonight . 
Thank god it is Friday ... I need a vacation from stress . 
My Artistic flare is back ( It's the hat , isn't it ... for you see once the hat is off my head while I am awake , I am nothing but a shell without a soul ) After homework I saw I DRAW !! 
I have been in an artsy and fanfic writing mood ... thank you random situations that inspire me . 
hates look through old drawings ... yuck ... ( was organizing my photobucket ) 
Cleaning the room , got all my homework done .. so yup 
Got to make some animations now or never 
to bed with me ... because I claim to be sleepy , which I am 
studying and creating what a day 
who the heck is that in the mirror ... white shirt ( not black ) , no hat ( waah ) , no wirstbands ( I like pointy things ) , that isn't me one bit at all .... I feel so ... boring ... I didn't even recognize myself .. now that is scary 
to sleep with me , I be busy tomarrow .. 
just got home , fomating something , than going to watch my show/ Anime . 
Oh dears ! * laughs like an idiot than gets hit on the head * WHAT DID I DO !? 
Again who the heck is that in the mirror ? What did they do with the real < PROPFEMALE > !? 
my stomach hurts and I am going to sleep .. I hate feeling so stressed out .. it makes me sick ... oiii ... 
going to sleep .. I just don't understand .. 
going to sleep for real but feels stupid , I always stress out over things , when I should research first and see that I am an idiot . ( Silly girl I am lol ! I am happy now ) 
Tomarrow is finally Friday , it's about time ... ( Well it is actually Thursday but you get the idea ) 
On break in class than I go home once it is over and eat something . 
Laughs at < PROPFEMALE > Wright's profile picture ... oh yeah look at mine ! 
hmmm ... I am out of status ideas ... I have been too busy being a nerd , lol ! 
is so exhausted that I forgot where I was at ... 
has a way overactive imagination but that is great , I ponder too much on silly things .. hmm .. I always thought about writing and illustrating books , but not childrens books , my imagination is not for children that is forsure ! haha ! 
Found the mother load of awesomeness 
Frowns upon the world . 
Got 8 hours of sleep ... well look ! I work up at 11 and my last post was 9 hours ago .. oh such fun . 
Going to work in a few hours ... yay ! ( That is sarcasm by the way ) 
Wow ... today sucked .. 
First Graphic Design project , hope it goes well . 
Going to work soon , I do hope it is more enjoyable tonight ... ( Last Night : 6 hours no talking , no one to talk to ) 
Sleeping ... right after I type this . 
Heading to class soon , remember 9:30 -3 
Needs to get away from it all and think ... there is no one who understands . * pouts and steams * 
is calm and got it all figured , I am mellow enough to work on that drawing I want to finish ... sorry if I have seemed sensitive but I just don't know how to react to somethings anymore . 
feels okay dokey now , just think positive and besides you got to listen to your emotions it sometimes creates the best pieces of < PROPMALE > . 
is so tired , but just one class today , that is all ... so yay ! 
break time in class , chilling for 15 minutes or so ... so tired still . 
Angels with silver wings , shouldn't know suffering . 
Going to bed , but thank goodness it is friday ... ( thursday ) It maybe the worst day of the week but than I chill for two days . ( Nonstop 9:30 -1 AM ) 
Studying for a Graphic Design test , than for a Science test , than I scan some things in for my next project 
Thinks it's funny that < PROPFEMALE > Wright and < PROPMALE > Buchholz posted something about a ref around the sametime ... oi boys XD 
Going to do something productive .... okay maybe I am lying .. but it is cold out and there is nothing to do . 
that is so cute ... and so ... random that I had to say awwwwww . ( weirdo ! ) 
I'll bite my tongue ... I will don't tempt me ... I can't do it * sobs * 
knows it is dopplerganger week , but I am going to later post a picture of myself thinking of all my favorite anime anti heroes ... BECAUSE I CAN ! ( Also because they all have traits LIKE me : An Artist , One that can't love , and a weirdo ) 
is famous for something strange ( But I can live with that , Biggest Otaku award ) 
waiting for class to start , might stick around until 1:30 depending on how much I get done . 
To work with me ... I just studied a bit and worked on my Graphic Design project .. too much work .. lol ! 
Going to class , be back laters ( Got a test today too , wish me luck ) 
Working on her Graphic Design Project , be back on laters . 
Chilling in class for a bit ... hard to believe it is Wednesday already , the weekend is one day away . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under 
my computer probably hates my guts after adding that < PROPMALE > Software on the desktop 
Is happy , I get to < PROPFEMALE > a close friend this weekend , got my < PROPMALE > software , and if it snows I do hope it snows enough that I can stay home . 
Happy Fri-Thur-Day 
Getting a head start on a project ... 
Going to type up a blog ... I haven't been blogging on here lately .. don't worry I have lots to write about . XP 
Editting is my new best friend ( I could put an old man on the < PROPFEMALE > haha ) 
Wants to reach for the stars ( but I am short T_T ) 
Waiting for my anime to load to the internet , I saw my favorite coupling in the preview . * drools * 
* waves like an idiot * I have no clue why I am doing this ! YAY ! ( Apparently hyper ... at 1:30 in the morning ) 
ahahahaha , found the perfect \Stupid refuses to say the name of holiday next weekend\ " card for my online Nakamas . ( what ... CURSE THAT HOLIDAY !! ahehe .. I have been hyper ) " 
is hyper as heck ( no reason why either just me ) 
I enjoy my two days off ... Monday is okay , Tuesday , busy , Wednesday Fine and Dandy , Thursday HELL !, Friday AWESOME , Saturday HOORAH !, and Sunday Dang .. 
Going to bed got class tomarrow . 
Actually isn't stressed out today ... amazing ... usually I come home from school and spazz out about homework ... thank you getting a head start . 
One class canceled so far , just need my other two to bail . XD 
No classes woot woot ... though I still will finish my Graphic Design homework . 
O_O ;; ( The face says it all ) 
is a proud nerd , see I admit that fact . ahahaha ! 
Lost track of time ... NOES ! ( I wanted to finish a drawing but no I get side tracked easily ... No No NOES ! ) 
To sleep with me , no clue if we have class tomarrow or not yet . 
No class again , back to bed with me . 
Great , since today we didn't ahve class you know what that means .. homework on weekends .. but meh , at least we will not have any over spring break .. I hope ... 
is SO HAPPEH !! ( FYI : that usually means I am hyper and will not get urked easily , so don't test me ! ) 
is too dang happeh that words can not describe this feeling , I haven't been this happy for sometime , so beware the huge smile . XD 
Things are finally looking up * big smiles * So ... GET OFF MY CLOUD ! * kicks off * 
I am alive just been on MySpace alot lately .. I take my job on there seriously * grins * 
Happy Valentines Day to all the single people out there for having to put up with such a stupid holiday . ( lmao , well it's true lol ! ) 
The rest of my nakamas will get their Valentines Via Text Messaging and FYI , it is anime related and I just love it so cute =3 ( But only my Single friends will get it XP ) 
Now that isn't funny .. lol ! Okay it is ! ( Anyhow going to work .. now that really isn't funny . ) 
Wants snow , yet I don't .. wants class , yet I don't ... Doesn't want to go to bed .. nope I don't XD 
When will this snow end ? 
Another lazy day .. I don't mind it .. 
Going to build a snowman with my mother ... yes crazy . 
Tried to build a snowman .. but failed 
One class canceled for tomarrow , lets see what happens . 
Now class doesn't start til noon , lets see what happens ( I just like saying that last part ) 
Found out just how lonely I am ... 
I have to go out in the snow for one class ?! Reall1 ? 
No class forget what I stated .. 
Oh my goodness my inspiration is back !? I have a butt load of ideas in my head for drawings , thanks to my silly nakamas . 
Did a good deed .. oi .. I miss my nakamas . 
Back to class and work tomarrow , yes I suppose I am bored .. lol ! Now I draw ! 
is pissed off , and to < PROPFEMALE > Deaton my phone is locked up so if I don't text you before I leave don't freak , I will be there around the same time as always . 
Karma ... it does exsist .. 
Today is a good day , nothing has stressed me out yet .. I am not even going to let work stress me out , considering I will be working on my project there .. so * turns out people complaining * 
Sorry I haven't been on here lately , MySpace is my friend again . XD 
Going to be useful and clean my room ... yes sir . 
Going to watch some Anime .. I love my anime . * smiles * 
Blarg ! where is the excitement .. 
has so much energy but needs some excitement in my life ... I feel like a freaking sloth , give me adventrue please ! I CAN'T STANDS IT ANYMORES ! 
Going to draw before bed , enough said . 
is c-c-c-cold .. * shivers * 
now it's hot ... make up your mind , room temperatures 
my heart won't stop racing 
A long day ahead , but not as long as Thursday ... oi Thursdays .. -_-;; 
glad to have the right connections , someone might actually read my Story concept , I have spilled my heart and soul into this concept , loving each character , and to think I am going to allow someone to read my story to honor a promise I made a year ago . 
about to have a grpahic design assessment test 
home sweet home 
I feel fine and I feel good , I feel like I never should , whenever I get this way I just don't know what to say , why can't we be ourselves like we were yesterday . 
this song touches my heart ... and it hurts . 
* looks around * I am here ! 
Too much studying ... blarg ! At least I got my One Piece mangas and doujinshi today 
Might not be on for the rest of the week ... too much studying ... my brain hurts ! 
Bwahahaha ! I love it * dies laughing * I have done it , BEWARE MY TEXTING NAKAMAS ! 
to bed with me .... class tomarrow . 
Can't wait to see my best friend on Friday . I have been feeling lonely and unloved . ( FYI : A sister figure and best friend are different , but both equally loved . ) 
Studying a bit , be back laters . 
Can't wait until Friday , I need a social life again * sighs * 
two more days , two more days ... can't freaking wait for my Spring Break Freedom 
is tired ... enough said 
One more day of class ... one more day of class ( just keep telling myself that ) oh ... and work tomarrow ... ah boy .... I want my break to start NOW DANG IT ! Oh well at least Friday , I < PROPFEMALE > with one of my best friends . ( Used to be nicknamed < PROPFEMALE > but I will call her Buggy ( Anime joke , you understand , you must watch One Piece ) 
Two Test Thursday = Tomarrow 
Wish me luck on those two tests everybody ... Final Countdown ... after today I am free of class for a week . Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > next week ? 
I'm free ... for a week . XD 
Woo ! Found me that video game I have been looking for , I love it , it's the only game with my favorite Anime Anti-heros ... ( yes I prefer Villains over Heros ... get over it HAHAHA ! ) 
Worried about < PROPFEMALE >..= ( 
Cleaning out my car , because my car needs love too . =D 
Making an animation , where were these clips when I needed them three weeks ago ?! 
glad she has a steady hand for inking . 
is too proud of a person ( hmph ! ) 
Going to finish a doodle for a few friends ... inking wise ( and they have no idea it is for them aharharhar ) 
is coloring a doodle , because I am bored . 
Going to play some video games , scan a drawing for my MySpace Nakamas , Go to a movie with the folks , and then buying the folks din din 
is it hot in here are is it just me ? 
is here .. enough said . 
Going to sleep , going to the dentist tomarrow , but then I get to < PROPFEMALE > with one of my best nakamas , Gracie/Buggy ( I am crazy I know with the nicknames haha , but we are just like Buggy and 3-chan ... goofs xP ) 
Had a great day with < PROPFEMALE > , fun fun ! 
One more day of work tomarrow , then I am free until Monday , I can't freaking wait 
My back is dead .... X_X 
gets to see my sister tomarrow < PROPFEMALE > Wright and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Wright gets sometime away from the family . XP 
what .... spring break is already over ... * sniffles * It can't be !!! RAH !! 
is home sweet home , but back to school tomarrow ... doh ... 
Must make one more animation before going to bed for class tomarrow ( also because that footage will disappear by tomarrow ... I know Youtube ! ) 
Going to sleep now ... back to school tomarrow ... but break went by so quick ... =( 
back in school ... woohoo ! 
Going to school soon , and am tired like always . 
Feels artsy , let me go home and draw . 
Today is Thursday , tomarrow is Friday ... I am serious ... I don't have class on \Real\ " Friday and I don't work ... so that is Saturday . hahaha ! " 
Feels awesome . 
demands to go for a walk tomarrow .. 
Sleepy time ... 
is awake , I swear .... all because my cat meowed nonstop this morning 
Todays Graphic Design Project was quite fun , done with it for the most part , just have to fill in the Gradients at school tomarrow , but these are the type of projects I like . I do hope we make our own logo soon though . VB all the way ( VB = My signature which equals Little Bit ) 
I am going to be busy tomarrow .. got to finish one project and than type a book review ( mine as well get that assignment out of the way ) 
Is drawing but got online to make sure I got that outfit just right .. it is NOT one of my original characters you could say . Also I got a big project ahead of me , that involves my hand at sculpture ... I hope it goes according to plan . 
is chilling . waiting for class to start 
doing some shading homework and than going to work on my masterpiece \Alice in Wonderland\ " themed Mr. 3 tea party !! I love it !! * shuts up now * " 
I am done with homework for the weekend ... let me enjoy my free days I say . 
going outside and drawing with chalk ... never to old to do that . 
Lets see what happens when I say something about basketball : I support a team that isn't UK . SURPRISE !! 
Thinks my sister < PROPFEMALE > Wright is the best . Also I shall laugh too at UK . 
Ah ... okay I will post a new status ... I am going to make an animation because I am actually going to XD 
When I am in a good mood why do I listen to songs that aren't happy . haha ! It's funny really .. ( Sings : I don't want to start any blasphemous rumours but I think that god has a sixth sense of humor- Depeche Mode ) 
Fun fact : If you do draw me something I will keep it .. 
Going to sleep , after Tuesday , I do hope to have a free weekend . 
* coughs and dies * I am finally free ... all that homework was sucking the life out of me .. I can breath a sigh of relief 
whelp about to head to class , that is all I have to say . 
* laughs * I am such a dork .. and I am proud at least .. 
Happy April Fools Day !!! XD 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > with a nakama today . =D 
makes a cute ferret =3 
People ask me all the time how do I keep < PROPFEMALE > and slender .... well I will tell you my secret if you want .... hehe ( to the blog I say ! ) 
* squeaks * =3 
Oh good , I found that song that has been stuck in my head ... the song that made me love Trance music . These DJs are amazing . 
animating at the moment ... it's Saturday after all .. and I am NOT proud of the amount of pictures I put on my MySpace so I have to make it up to my RP nakamas . 
Happy Easter , I will be unforunately at work ... not happy 
loves this song it always touches my heart . 
Whats on my mind you ask ... do you really want me to write a novel for you ? xP 
blames this drawing I am working on for everything ... for my tears , for my anger , and so on 
sleep ! 
No homework that is due next week , I love it more time to work on finals . 
This drawing I am working on excites me so much now , I don't feel like drawing a nude .. I want to work on this 
Wahoo ! I love this drawing man !! * big grin * Sorry just makes me so happy .. I-I < PROPFIRST > this ... really now ?! ( Too bad I am too shy to show it haha .. well maybe when it gets colored who knows .. ) 
Should go to sleep .... SHOULD but I am a night owl ... for some reason I can wake up refreshed like today , even when I stay up til 1 or so .. 
Likes Wednesdays because I can draw sooner , likes Thursdays because it is my Friday the end . 
no homework this weekend ... can't believe there are only three weeks left .. Time to work on my Tea Party Picture more .. woohoo ! 
Was up last night until 3:30 writing a heart throbbing story ... It touched my heart .. I need to print it out ... so cute !!!! 
If your heart is shattered and your soul is stolen , you are just a hallow shell of a person . 
* laughs * I may look cute .. ahehe .. but trust me I am twisted on the inside .. BEWARE !!! 
Well ... I got to work on a project .. * laughs love my default * ( but I am weird like that ) 
going to work soon ... sadly ... yes it is sad . 
please don't say that name around me .. makes me cry on the inside 
Today if I hear that name , Run ! 
Whats the point ? Why try !? ( Screw this I am focusing on Graphic Design XP ) 
still has charcoal all over me ... it won't come off ! I thank ( Buggy/ my BFF ) for being my friend .. just have to say that .. Much love to her always ! <3 
with this free time , I can work on my picture .. ALMOST DONE !! 
hates that \Social Interview\ " now has limits to how many questions you can answer in 48 hours ... that was what I did in the morning waiting for class to start .. dang it ! " 
You can tell me to grow up all you want .. or maybe you should stop growing up ,, ever think of that ? 
can't focus ... need to ... want to finish drawing ... start my friends request ... I hate .. how my school days work ... I eat before class .. wait until dinner ... and at the moment I am dead because I am out of energy ( and no don't say eat something , Anorexia doesn't work that way sheesh .. ) Can't complain that I am hungry either or I will get the whole .. it's too early at 5 thing .. * Dies * 
I ate I am fine now .. lol ! Finished my drawing ( will post soon ) now I need to get the details for Graces Request , I know who she wants in the drawing but what should they be doing .. most likely I will be doing a reunion of the characters , it has been about a year since we wrote about them . 
Needs to get out to the bookstore .. for more books , I read volumes 1-34 and I am missing 36 and 37 but randomly got 38 .. haha 
Got the idea for my friends request in my head , going to be on 18 x 24 paper , and that is all I am going to say . ( I owe her a huge piece since she gave me a huge painting ) Also I agree with < PROPFEMALE > Garber's status on MySpace about finding that someone who is true and real . ( See I do love , just very rarely , I am waiting for \ Mr. Right \")" 
I wish I had an adventurous life ... I am jealous of my character on MySpace , getting to have all those journeys ... boring ... ol < PROPFEMALE > living in a boring state ... * Sighs * 
What the heck am I doing ? I got a drawing I need to get started on for a nakama * runs and gets started * 
realized I haven't accomplished a thing today .. * growls * 
it's a sad day when you used to be the best at finding rare anime pictures and now you can't find what you are looking for . It is sad when you only uploaded one new photo on your MySpace account because that is all you could find this week . 
Downloading some Anime .. my favorite One Piece episodes , I be watching them later on this cool day ... WAAAH ! Wait ! No ! I got to start Graces Drawing ! WAAAH ! * passes out * 
Back to work today ... and I was just getting cozy ... ( I am joking though , I am quite bored ) 
whelp aside from school am free most of the week ... work loves me that much .. Work next Sunday though . 
Chilling on break from class at the moment ... that is all 
< PROPMALE > classes are the bestest .. because you don't have to study for a final you just have to create . ( I am not a book worm ) 
working on that picture for a nakama ... it's my own style , and I hope they will enjoy it . 
Is so so tired .. 
Going to draw .. for my nakama ! She will love this .. I do .. but I will have to part with it .. =P 
is it over yet ? School I mean ... I am ready for summer . 
half way there ... wait ! more than half way there . 
Finally figured it out ... after all these years .. that I am .... Weird ( HAHAHA ! ) 
Ready for the end of the day ... my friday please ! 
Can't wait for my sister < PROPFEMALE > Wright to come up and see me . XD 
Believes in Individuality ... I maybe weird but I like to show that and I could careless what others think of it . Respect me for the \REAL\ " me . * sticks tongue out * " 
ahead of the game . No stress or work to be done this weekend . 
is excited I think the next One Piece episode is the one I have been waiting for , the one where my favorite character saves the day and gets called \Scum\ " while he does . " 
maybe going on a hiatus I am angry at society but I will be thinking about it .. 
today is the one day I actually have to work .. I feel so important . 
tch ! 
lets see if I can go to work and actually stay mellow . * bites tongue * 
isn't going to bed yet and will probably stay up until 12:30 drawing .... What !? It's the week before finals and I got summer fever already . 
Crap ... I was so busy chit chating online that I didn't get to draw ..... oh well ... to bed than . * points to bed and goes over to it * 
Going to class .... yup that is all I have .... LAST WEEK BEFORE FINALS !! WOOO ! 
All I have to do is print out this project than it is done .. 
A shout out to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . haha you made my day . XD 
Last day of Graphic Design class tomarrow .. I will miss my nakama from that class . 
One more day of regular class and that day is going to be a pain ... carrying two cakes and my < PROPMALE > portfolio around 
feels like coloring ... don't know why 
Todays supplies for class : Easel and two cakes ... my arms are going to get a good work out . 
best sentence to describe me : that gothic kid , that is too happy and cute to be gothic . ( I loved that one ) 
tired of working on my mugshot .. FYI : Not a fan of realism I am a fan of Cartoon ... ism ... XP 
Any reference to that makes me cringe and want to punch something ... it's funny really 
knows what is important in life , it is friendship and family . People need to realize that those people will always have your back ... they care about you .... forget falling in love , I don't need that ... stress ... I am just grateful I have the bestest friends and family in the world . 
Cleaning the homefront ... too much clutter ... papers everywhere ... then I finish my \Favorite coupling\ " picture .. it is so so cute . It is going on my wall ... I need a bigger wall ... xD " 
so so so ... tired ... and has a headache .. 
Next Friday I feel like partying since School is out .. who is with me ? 
so so tired again ... * passes out * Why did my internal alarm get me up at 6:30 this morning .. I will never know .. 
my head hurts again this morning ... oi 
just got done studying for an hour , I figure I will study an hour later , and three or two more tomarrow ... It's hard to study though when you have a HUGE headache . I just want to at least study for 4 or so hours for the test on Tuesday .. Same for the one on Thursday .. though I know exactly where to look for the one on Thursday ... * sighs and dies * 
Needs to study ... get off the computer you slacker .. * sighs * I am just overly excited about that story on MySpace ... I did my reasearch and the situation is pure gold ! ( Story between friends ) 
No exams today but two tomarrow . Then one on Thursday , Almost home free . 
Maybe I should go outside for a real life now ... haha ! 
I heard it was Superhero icon month ... okay they are \Bad guys turned good\ " but villains are better . XD " 
I must have that software ... it looks amazing ! I am saving up now ... aside from my monthly Mangas got to have those . 
After today only one more exam ... but I work all the days before Thursday ... so I will have to MAKE time to study ... also I am so happeh to see nakamas wanting to party with me on saturday ... you make me all so happy . =D 
One more exam on Thursday , than I am free ! 
I have one cumulative exam left , and it's funny I studied over the first test from the class , that was easy , I look at my most recent test from the same class , easy enough , I look at my 2nd test from it and think ... Oh HELL NO ! ( Too much science in that one ) 
I love this song ... it is a great remix . 
you can call me immature all you want , but I will in the end stick my tongue out at you . 
One more day until I can taste freedom 
Working til midnight ... * has to drag self away from computer * I love writing stories ... NO I won't stop !! I feel accomplished too , that Buggy x Galdino drawing involves pencils and pens and it looks better with a combo . THUMBS UP ! 
WHACK ! Tomarrow is my last day , I can't wait indeed . 
Final exam of the semester today ! I will be free for the summer by 11 ... also I broke my headphones last night ... I told my mother that for Christmas I should have got the more pricy ones ... see why .. * sighs and gets out big clunker headphones * 
I am freeeee 
Two B's so far , give me two more ! 
See I can \Do\ " non anime .. I love me some Chowder =D " 
Can't wait to party with my nakamas tomarrow . Jamming ! 
SKULL JOOOOOOKKKKKEEEE ! ( I had to say it ... dang < PROPFEMALE > XD ) 
Going to catch up on my anime before I < PROPFEMALE > with my nakama 
Oi about to leave got to stop somewhere before I pick up my nakama ... ( FYI to my friends who are coming I will text you when I leave their house , if you are one who maybe coming , go to my Facebook < PROPFEMALE > if you need my number to tell me you will be there ... tata ! ) 
is a slacker ... example of this being , < PROPMALE > requests ... I will draw you something ... * two weeks later * CRAP ! I < PROPFIRST > someone else in their place ... but doesn't he look just as cool ? 
Going to sleep and I think I went deaf in one ear ( I know I didn't , but that is my own fault for listening to my music like I do . ) 
Happy old ladies day ... haha ! I can never be serious . Love ya ! 
Going to go doodle ... blarg ! I got the cutest and most disturbing coupling idea , but I need to sketch something for my nakama ... hmmmm .... MULTITASK MUCH < PROPFEMALE > ? NO ! 
going to work soon , leave some love if you like 
is sleeping ... well not yet ... first I have to log off the computer , than I got to turn the lights off , get comfy and close my eyes . 
Hiya ! 
I might get to keep one tadpole ... hehe ! The magic of it turning into a frog . 
I had a hard time getting off the internet today .. first replies on MySpace , than I want to draw and I get nonstop text ... I am popular suddenly ... haha ! I am not ! But I love the replies XD 
is addicted to storytelling anymore ... I love it ! This one with my nakama is a masterpiece . 
I need to pick up supplies when I go to work ... fishfood , and a cheapo tank ... I want a tadpole dang it ! 
Logging off until Facebook gets a brain and likes me ... just wanted to change my photo and it said \Screw you ! \ " basically ... until facebook is as cool as MySpace ... I say the same to it .. GOOD DAY SIR ! * stomps off * Could be back tomarrow who knows .. I am not coming back until it lets me change my photo ... * pouts * " 
HAAAAAA ! They found me ! That just made my day ... the missing piece to my MySpace puzzle is complete . 
* laughs * I have strange hours , I work 4-10 tonight ... in the backroom , so I won't be doing picks that is good , but I only get a half hour break .. that is back . I don't mind though .. xD 
The internet shops never stop to amaze me ... they have what I want , but should I buy it ... hmmm ... It looks like a good read , and it is a good pairing ... DOH ! 
I am great at trickery 
My birthday is less than a month away , and I don't have anything that I really want .. books ? But that is all I ever want anymore . lol ! I like fanart ... what !? It is free and I do <3 collecting my nakamas works .. those mean alot . 
Going outside because ........ ( wait for it ) ...... ( wait for it ) ....... I CAN !!! 
Watching my anime , to all my nakamas , I am feeling better ... 
Wants to know why facebook REFUSES to let me change my default ... I have been trying for a week .. ( Get your act together facebook ) 
Doesn't feel like working today ... I feel like crap ... and I don't want to DEAL with CRAP ! XD 
wanders why freebook will let me change my fan < PROPFEMALE > picture ... but won't let me change my real profile picture ... and no it isn't a fan < PROPFEMALE > for myself .. it is for a One Piece character . 
Turning 21 in less than a month ... hmmm ... though it feels like any other birthday , I am not BIG on gambling if I do go , and I don't drink or plan on drinking . I AM GETTING OLD ... that is all I can say . haha 
Everyday I try to change my default ... everyday I fail .... why is it that the fan < PROPFEMALE > I started can ... but I can't ? Lucky ! 
HOLY ... it actually changed my photo ... what it isn't me ... but I got tired of looking at my mugshot ... I need to charge my camera up and take a good one of myself . =3 
HOLY ... it actually changed my photo ... what it isn't me ... but I got tired of looking at my mugshot ... I need to charge my camera up and take a good one of myself ... anyhow .. it is crappy out so I clean .. I can't sit online all day ... =P 
is booked everyday this week but Thursday .. Thursday is still free , but Friday and Saturday ... BOOKED By spiffy nakamas . =D 
Just keep thinking Krysta ... Thursday , Friday , and Saturday ... if you make it working today .. you are free the rest of the week ... just keep that thought it mind .. 
Going outside . =3 
Be on the look out for the greatest series of texts from me .. it's just a question to start off with , but you can either fail or win ... the sound effects are classic . 
Cleaning up the Facebook page ... those videos might have to go ... so watch them while you can ! 
Hanging out today with one of my spiffy nakamas . 
back to work today .. oi Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Garber and < PROPFEMALE > Moore for being awesome . XD 
Wants her doujinshi to come soon , I love that pairing now . =3 
THAT DOES IT !!! ALL MY NOTES DISAPPEARED !!! I WROTE OVER 400 OR SO NOTES !! DON'T GIVE ME THAT CRAP OF OH NO YOU HAVEN'T ... YOU CAN TAKE AWAY MY PICTURE CHANGING RIGHTS BUT YOU TOUCH MY WRITINGS .... I AM DONE !!! 
So I suppose no one will help me figure out my birthday date .... SINCE FACEBOOK HAS GRAH !!! GO TO MYSPACE IF YOU WANT INFO !! * curses at < PROPFEMALE > * 
Hopefully facebooks stupidity will stop .... IT DRIVES ME CRAZY !!! The rest of the day facebook you are shunned !! 
You got to be kidding ... the Note app just found all my notes ... sheesh 
It's a beautiful day , so outside with my tooshi 
* laughs * It is funny when you go to IM and people call you by your alter ego .. I FEEL LOVED ! 
Feels alot better .. I was under the weather ... 
June is tomarrow , June is tomarrow ! * jumps up and down * 14 days til I am 21 ... though I still act like a child ... hahaha ! 
June is tomarrow , good things in June : 21 finally , Vacation from work , Kings Island , and new mangas but of course . ( We are getting to Impel Down ! ) 
Flattered , a nakama wants to dress up as a certain One Piece character because of me ... my work is done .. 
Is excited ! I can't wait to chat with my MySpace nakamas on Yahoo . =D 
I love you guys , why do you make me feel so special and like your caring \Niisan\ " Every question always comes back to me to be answered ... because I can make it sound so intriguing and intelligent . * laughs * " 
Dang it is 2:30 already !? I didn't even work on my nakamas drawing today .. * sighs * I get distracted too easily . 
Here I am ... yup ... * works on nakamas picture * 
blames my nakama for getting all these drawing ideas in my head and I blame the show in general that we talk about . 
You can call me Little Bit , you can call me 3 Niisan , just don't call me late for work . YOHOHOHOHOHO ! 
No one has the right to tell me I CAN'T , because I will show them I CAN ! 
I am 21 finally ... what am I going to do ... Go to Kings Island ! 
Thanks all for the birthday wishes !! Much love ! 
Sorry I haven't been on much ... too out there to explain to people who probably don't completely understand my oddiness . 
* Doodle doodle * Oh man your abs looking good * doodle doodle , hearts in eyes * This drawing is getting way too good looking ... * sobs * ( FYI : Anatomy improvement over summer ) 
My vacation from work is over ... how can it be ?! Anyhow .. I need to write a Fanfic inspired by a close nakama .. This should be interesting ... 
Here begins the < PROPFEMALE > of me not being happy , I am not full time and don't want to be ! 
Okay I am fine .. fixed my hours . * laughs * 
is a sly dog * postions finger to < PROPFEMALE > and arches brow ( If I could )* 
WAHOO ! I have a secret to why I cheer . 
Going to the movies later with my family ... and No ! not to see some glittery vampire movie .. sheesh ... Everyone knows Demons are better anyway . * laughs * ( Lets see how many people bash this , made a dare with my sister ) 
Going to sleep because I am tired ... Surprise I am not one of those people at the Twlight showing ( could careless .... GO MUTATES !! ) 
* claps * Huzzah ! My texting nakama is back ! My phone was getting awfully lonely ! * claps again * 
Rah ! I can't figure it out ... I have looked through every online dictionary , my japanese dictionary and I can't figure out what he says after every sentence .. Going to drive me crazy .. 
* laughs * My comrade just gave me a yet another brillant idea . Much love to them for being so creative . First it was a drawing idea , than the fanfic idea , now this .. they are good . 
Got to love Fourth of July .... work ... * sarcasm my friends * Not the least bit Patriotic ... more like glad I can keep my eyes open . 
Needs a new supply bag ... my poor laptop bag isn't going to make it much longer * weeps * Must go to store soon get that and my favorite One Piece Arc : Impel Down * drools at those anime males in their jail stripes * 
My phone is silent again ... * frowns * 
Why can't that be my default ... oh ! That is right because it is an animation ... my bad this isn't MySpace .. * laughs * 
Blah ... I can't find that scene ... I suppose I will have to upload it myself .. * grumbles * 
Really needs a new messager bag ... * sniffles * I hate to retire my old one .. waaaah ! 
* Laughs * That had to be the best thing I have ever wrote ... forgive me nakama I shall not name . Now you probably have disturbing images in your head . * laughs * It is adorable though in all honesty . 
is quite a cute evil mastermind . * grins * 
Just a reminder I don't answer unfamilar < PROPFIRST > even if they are 859 , so if you want me send me a message on here first before you plan on calling me . ( I have my reasons ) 
* laughs * I know I need to stop putting so much detail into my writing .. * erases imaginary from nakamas heads * 
Some people don't deserve such kindness .. 
Yesterday was awesome .. I love my nakamas to death . They certainly are the greastest hands down . And a happy birthday to < PROPFEMALE > Deaton ( May you get that deer call you always wanted ) * laughs * 
It's sad when you write something and you reread it and think .... that is deep , feeling a tear touch your cheek . * sniffles * 
* laughs * You all are so silly that is why you guys are awesome . 
< PROPFIRST > the cutest little Chibi of myself .. ( I believe I am one of those people dispite loving muatations and stuff like that , can only draw cute things .. Wishes she had a better hand at the gross stuff ) 
* ding ding * Got an idea .. now where is my huge sketchpad .. * prays * Let this actually turn out right . 
Stop it with the nice words ... you are making me do my happy dance .. 
Hey this week lets < PROPFEMALE > out .... anyone ... Wednesday though is booked by my bestest nakama , but Friday or Sunday I see me doing nothing .... * laughs * Yes I work Saturday ... I rather have worked last Saturday considering the episode of One Piece this week has my boys back in it .... * grumbles * 
Suddenly wants to go to the Anime Expo * saves up money for next year * They have tons of Buggy the clowns there ... about time . ( Also once I get home from work a WANTED blog will be posted this is important considering the convention here in November , I am dispite ) 
<- Rah ! Scary Clown ... nah I love Buggy . XD 
I am no clown ... * frowns * Anyhow tomarrow I < PROPFEMALE > with my bestest nakama . We a going to have a good time . 
Hanging with my partner in crime today .. real life Buggy figure , Grace ! 
Here I am ! 
* mouth falls to floor * I am actually doing something this week that doesn't involve hiding in my room !? WHA !? 
Feels like being extra weird today .. haha ! 
Has so many questions that need to be answered ... 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 4 .... that about covers it 4 questions ! WAH ! No wait ... 5 ! Maybe 6 ... ( writes them in blog right away ) 
Suddenly has so many drawing ideas ... That waffle one has GOT to be done ! 
Is now aware that when I draw something for a nakama putting my heart and soul into it , it can get done quite fast ... also I always add something that show people that it is made by me . 
Can it be halloween already ? I just want to dress up for some odd reason .. and go to work in it . * Laughs * 
About to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > Presley , going to the zoo wahoo ! 
Quite tired already . 
Must get to work on a request . And * drools * I found a wonderful piece .. 
* laughs * Funny when my mother actually gets to see one of my drawings and says \Put that in your portfolio\ " It was quite fun to draw but I just need to ink it and hope my nakama likes it . " 
Inking today ... it is almost done . 
Done with the request I hope it is okay 
Some think I stay up late , but 2:30 am isn't late ... 
To my mother : I told you anime was for people of all ages . Talked to a customer who watches One Piece and they said their Dad is a fan too . So see my point ! 
Needs to take a good photo for a default of myself but despite how out there I am on Myspace I am quite shy ... * hides * 
Sorry < PROPFEMALE > Deaton but that photo is just too wild to be my default .. I couldn't do it . * laughs * 
Working on a shirt design ... Drew the cutest Buggy . ( Inspiration ) 
Myspace hated me for half the day .... I hope it is working ... one of you nice people send a comment on my Myspace just for reasurance 
My job is complete I made someone cry with the power of my writing . * clutches heart * ( FACT : Aside from drawing , I <3 writing , and wishes I could minor in it ) 
Going to bed being in the pool most of the day made me * yawns * sleepy . 
Is actuallly glad she is working ... get away from all this stupid football . 
Feels like combining real life with the < PROPMALE > word ... hmmm .. I got it * goes to the sketch pad * 
Tired , Tired ... * head slams on the table * 
Under the weather ... I woke up this way .. 
I love it when you intend on just sketching out a layout for a drawing .. and then you look on it and say ... \These abs are too good to be a sketch\ " * laughs * I just have to curse the notebook lines though ... blah ! " 
Notices my self esteem and anatomy is improving . I am not quite as shy about displaying my work .. used to be ... BACK OFF ! type of person . 
I dispise the new note format ... I can't scroll down this suvery I was going to fill out ... Myspace is * coughs * Better * coughs * Doesn't mess with ones notes , and of course your space is your own .. I LIKE PICTURES !! 
Wants to know who these people are ? We have no friends in common ... so bye bye 
Is going to paint ... no draw , lets draw I need to give that nice body a face ... WHA !? I DO ! * laughs * Oi ! Oi ! If anyone wants to be my nakama for the day on Tuesday , Wednesday , or Friday do tell . 
My inner fan girl just had a heart attack . I love it when animes encourage my dreams . ( Everyone on Myspace knows I go crazy for that stuff ) 
I have too many nicknames ... if I were to list them and write how they came to be it would be the longest blog ever ... I might do that . 
* laughs * I had to order them . A gift to inspire me when classes start back up . >_> 
* walks out of sight * I need to update the fanpage .. hold up . 
Going to hopefully catch up on my animes today ... I am so behind . 
Next week class starts back up , but I love what I do and all the experience I am aquiring . ( 3rd year already ) 
Yay for sleep ! Sure lets go with that .. oh YAY FOR BREATHING !! 
WAAAAH ! CAN IT BE !? * passes out from excitment * Now all I need are the things I ordered * holds one closer than the other * hehe ! 
Sorry if I seem snippy , just stress and anixiety . But just don't do anything to get on my bad side and you will be fine .. 
Three more days of freedom ... * WAH * 
I swear if I could minor in something it would be writing . * chuckles * First Painting class at 12:15 on Monday , first of the semester .. so I can technically sleep in . 
What am I doing up still ? Got to get exhausted so I can fall asleep tomarrow night .. hehe * hand slams on table falling asleep * 
Tomarrow classes 10:50 - 5:55 .. yay ! I will manage . XD 
Whoever the freak you women are STOP SENDING ME REQUESTS !! I DON'T KNOW YOU AND YOU DON'T KNOW ANY OF MY FRIENDS !! 
School is going great . I enjoy my Typograhy class , and I am curious if I am good at painting .. and if that gesso dried okay .. 
Thanks for that awesome wall post < PROPFEMALE > Wright * laughs * 
I hurt my ankle ... I mean pardon my details but you can hear that bone grinding will each step I take .. the sound and thought of it .. * shivers and turns pale white * 
Really needs to take a new photo of myself ... but I will not take one unless I have my hat on .. hmmm ... I wish it was convention time . I would certainly take one as a prisoner . * thumbs up * 
It works on my phone again ? 
Hi < PROPFEMALE > Deaton I see you . * right across from you * 
Act your age they say ... well how does someone as crazy at my age act ? 
Claps 47 characters and so many options for an awesome four person team . WHAT !? I have to unlock him ... doh ! >.< 
NoNoNoNoNOOOOOO ! I need to stop taking my baths during Peters shenanigans . XD 
Oh boy ... work ... I wish 4-11 was an option . You know how tired I am on Tuesday ... TIRED ! And that is the day with all my < PROPMALE > classes ... * grumbles * 
Hi people ! I need to start coming up with awardwinning statuses again . 
< (IMMA FIRING MEH LASER ! ) 
Swears she is going to finish her very sexy drawing of her favorite anime pairing this weekend . ( Shame shame shame , I blame one of my nakamas for getting me so into drawing couplings . But I have let this one sit long enough .. and yup ) 
Wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with her best friend , Grace . But I never get to and it makes me sad . T_T We do need to go get our convention costumes . 
* laughs * My best comrade was thinking of the convention as well today .. But she wants me to pick out her character . I know who I want her to be * coughs * Buggy .. hear my plead ! 
Is actually tired ?! What is wrong with me , Night folks ! 
Off for two more days ... Plenty of time to catch up on that homework . * laughs * 
So much painting .. I like it but I don't know if it lives up to the masters ... 
* yawns softly * I-I am not tired .... * closes eyes * Not in the least ... * falls asleep * 
Dang ... Almost 1 in the morning and I can't sleep . Such a night owl . 
Good morning . Doesn't wanna get up and go anywhere .. 
Though I might not be on much today due to oh so much to get done . Please leave some love and I shall return the favor later tonight . 
On for but a wee bit ... class in 15 . Four hours of computer < PROPMALE > . 
Here comes the annoyance again ... SHUT UP ! YOU LOUD ANNOYING .... can't force myself to say anymore .. 
Sorry Sorry ... finishing my painting .. which again ... GET IT OUT OF MY SIGHT AND MIND ! * runs * 
Why I have an urge to draw I will never know .. * inspired by all the nice fanart out there I suppose * 
My chest hurts and my eye lids are heavy so .... I best get into bed and of course dream of ol Buggy . Night my nakamas ! 
* laughs * Notice anything ? I post more statuses on MySpace . * laughs * Also I give props to all the people in my college classes . I wasn't aware so many people watch One Piece . And yes .. I am addicted to it ... The rest of my family loves football ( Which I hate ! ) so One Piece is kind of my football ... yup ... SO BACK OFF ! 
ooc : Doh another full day ... class , work , and homework ... 12:30 -9 total 
Shall return later this evening my comrades . Once I turn in this painting my stress will decrease . I like it , but willl the teacher ? I hope . 
Slow replies but only for today and tomarrow . With work and homework of course . 
ooc : Doh ! I maybe 21 but I want to < PROPFEMALE > with my friends ... workacholic ... so tired ... in need of fun .. 
Okay that is it ! This Friday whoever wants to < PROPFEMALE > with me , come along and state your name . XD 
Wahoo ! Another long day , class 10:50 -6 and then work 7-11 .. I love it ! * sarcasm * On later much . -_-;; 
Bah ! My head hurts so bad , couldn't manage to go to work , so I shall be back later . Class was hard to swallow today trust me . * groans * 
Whelp Good night and hope to feel better tomarrow .. I better .. Good night my beloved Nakamas * closes eyes and goes to sleep * 
Feels so much better , just was deprive of sleep 
ooc : Must work on homework , so I can go to the halloween store need my jail stripes before the convention . 
Almost done ... though now it is raining . * frowns deeply * 
I am back from my mission . * bows head * Can't tell you anything or I will have to , you know . 
Feeling rather artistic this evening . 
lol ! I keep telling MySpace not to share with Facebook and I look in my updates .. and it shows all my anime updates ... STOP IT FACEBOOK ! XD 
T_T They just don't understand , * Bites at bars of cell * 
Going to finish that drawing I have been working on THIS evening . 
Dislikes how my work hours and school hours disagree with my comrades . When can we go costume shopping ? I want to try on that outfit !! 
RAH ! The Blogs don't work again !? That is where I was going to do some ranting ... about various things and not having any time to do them and how I REALLY want to < PROPFEMALE > out with my Best friend ... but I can't ever ... doh ! Oh and I want to purchase my costume for the convention .. but I never have time to do that either .. Needs to see if there will be a Luffy present and a Buggy . * Grins at Grace * BUGGY ! 
Bah ! Work overload ... this is going to be a loooooonnnnnggggg week . Monday : Day ends at 1 am , Tuesday : Day ends at 6 pm ( fine with that ) , Wednesday : Day ends at 8 pm ( decent .. ) , Thursday : Day ends at 11 pm , Friday : Day doesn't even start . ( FAVORITE ! ) 
To work with my funny face .. * laughs * That episode last night had so many epic pictures .. I AM A CLOWN !! RAH ! 
Bah I hate Mondays ... because I know my day ends at 1 am and all my projects are due the next day ... No fair ! 
Is so lonely ... * sighs * 
Chit chatting with a comrade about what ? Well Anime of course . New chapter coming out soon ... two year skip ... OLD PIRATES ! XD 
No work today ... and YES YES ! They fixed my hours ... one more monday then it is 4-8 .. but I just can't force myself up on Tuesdays due to Monday ... blah ! 
Can't wait to see my sis < PROPFEMALE > Wright in two days ... also I WANT TO GET MY COSPLAY COSTUME ! * pouts * Grace you must come along .. considering .. I don't know if I can search for a striped shirt alone ... * laughs * 
One more month to the covention !! Might go costume shopping tomarrow , so excited . 
Just saw something I want in the future ... wait .. NO two things ... I am such an otaku .. * drools * Time for a blog .. of random fangirlish things 
Cleaning my room why ? Why must I answer this .... Because I can ! 
Doh ! I can't change my hometown to : Yoshis island ... NO FAIR ! XD 
Going to finish that picture ... TODAY ! I SWEAR IT ! Maybe color it ... depending on time ... And I figured out my anime costume .. Obvious .. but yet I <3 the cape .. I < PROPFEMALE > the cape .. and besides the convict version is so .. 12th season .. we are going for the blue striped version .. ( makes default yet again ) 
I must say I am tired yet again ... Thank you work for giving me the day off to pass out . 
Needs to go get my costume for the convention .. yes I am crazy and I love it . Grace you must be free soon .. or I might go get it myself .. NOO ! XD 
Tomarrow or Saturday I must get my costume .. I can't wait any longer ! 
Anyone free saturday to go costume shopping with me ? I want to take photos before the convention . 
Agrees with my sister , is so glad I am not a sports fan . I rather watch anime and follow that thank you very much . 
For the convention I got a Luffy cosplayer , * chuckles * Going to force my Bestest nakama to go as Nami in prison wear , and a Galdino .. where is my BUGGY !? We almost got all the impel Down stars but Buggy .. * grumbles to self * 
Got me some combat boots .. aside from being my style they work perfect for my custome .. which is only missing four pieces .. got the shirt , the pants .. WAIT ! 5 pieces . 
Can't wait for the convention , all I need are the glasses , the white cape , the mustache and goatee combo , and how to make that insane hair style . Anyhow tried on the costume so far . The shirt despite being short sleeve works . The boots help the REAL version as well . I am going for the manga version not the anime version .. he is wearing boots . 
Wearing those combat boots and prison stripes made me feel so bad . XDD 
Wearing those combat boots and prison stripes made be feel so bad . Oi and just a note I am going as the one on the left .. also thought about going as Buggy but .. nah ! I am a real life female Galdino . The adorable version . Just so excited ! My first villian cosplay . 
Such a great week . Now I must know who wants to < PROPFEMALE > on Saturday ? * random I know * 
When I put on that prisoner outfit , I felt so bad ( insert curse word here ) The boots and stripes really bring it together .. just need the facial hair and the cape and I am all set . XD 
Let's see ... we have a cat ( Grace ) ... Luffy ( Caje ) ... Galdino ( Me ) , there is but one thing left to do . * sighs * 
Would anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out this evening or afternoon ? 
On Fall Break .. for a whole two days ... then I go back to class for two days ... * sighs * Got to love it . XD Those two days being project due days .. But today is my day off from school and work . 
Might have to buy it .. the artwork is amazing and doh ! Me and my fan girlness . * drools * 
Might have to buy it .. the artwork is amazing and doh ! Me and my fan girlness . * drools * but I feel bad because I have to buy the rest of my outfit for the convention . 
I have weird cheeks ... just saying . XD 
Yay ! My sister < PROPFEMALE > Wright is coming up ! And sure we will give her man < PROPMALE > Buchholz a shout out .. Heck why not randomly give < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Wright one too being my brother ... also see you at work tomarrow < PROPFEMALE > Deaton ( Tag crazy ! ) 
Turning in all these projects today .... and my stomach hurts .. it has been for days .. blah ! But I will survive . 
Going to class my comrades .. that after striaght to work ... * glooms * Next week is going to be awful ... work four days ... blah ! THE CONVENTION IS ONLY TWO WEEKS AWAY ... and I need to finish my costume ... * double gloom * 
I talk too much ... * laughs * Update the status once again . 
Hates when you have that one gen < PROPMALE > , that is the last one you have to take EVER . And you get so into your < PROPMALE > classes , jamming those .. that doh ! Let's just say Test 2 in the class .. makes me mad and sad . * reads book starting now * 
Is sleeping ... well not yet but soon . :3 
* claps claps claps * I need to work on my costume ! I need to TONIGHT ! I have it all planned ... also I need to buy a white sheet .. I am super escapee ! RAH ! XD 
All I need is hair gel , a cape , and for my hair to look black and my cosplay is done ... I am adorable . XDDDD 
Too many football statuses ... MAKE IT STOP !! 
The football rants are still going on ? Give it a break ! 
Will post cosplay pictures soon ... before convention .. it is so fun to walk around as a convict in a cape ... YES ! I made the hair , but how to keep it on my head . XD 
Noticed the muscle on my arm in my default .. where did that come from ? 
Sucked it up and bought it ... ( Sorry is such a < PROPFEMALE > pincher lately ) 
Why is everyone being so negative tonight ? Learn to be positive or don't talk to me with your sharp tongue .. 
If anything on Sunday to work I will wear my jail stripes without the hair .. no one understands anime references .. xD CAN'T WAIT TIL NEXT SUNDAY !! CONVENTION !!!! 
My sister wrote her christmas list ... And I haven't a clue what I want ! I ordered that book .. hehe .. that was what I wanted . <3 \ 
Anyhow I don't know ! 
* laughs * Now I wish I bought those prisoner pants .. I am not going as Galdino to work tomarrow ... but a prisoner sure . Galdino is for next weekend .. AH ! I still have my Luigi .. hehe .. 
Is freaking out ! That is why I HATE going to conventions on Sunday ! I WANNA GO FRIDAY ! I don't know the times for Sunday ... and I don't want to miss it ! T_T From what I read it ends at 12 ... that can't be right ... please my nakama don't make me miss it .. I will cry .. 
Okay next Sunday registation is 9-2 ... * swallows * Why am I still shaking ? I am sorry but I have been looking forward to this all year .. I constructed my Galdino costume and I just don't want to miss it .. I really wish I could try for Friday .. Isn't there some way ? 
I < PROPFIRST > a thing on my < PROPMALE > for my cosplay and someone asked me if it was a tattoo . It does look like one doesn't it ? XD 
* laughs * Why does the club on here get more vistors then myself ? My group gets more visitors sillies ! 
Things to do :\ 
1 . ) Make a Christmas list ( how are < PROPFEMALE > Wright and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Wright already done ? I am the only one who doesn't find anything interesting this year but that < PROPFIRST > game unless ... * looks about for some Anime DVD's)\ 
2 . ) Finish costume : Just the 3 knot .. still not working . \ 
3 . ) Find a Buggy cosplayer ... WAKE THE FLASH UP !! I NEED ONE XDD 
This week is epic : Sugoicon this weekend , and my doujinshi arrived today . <3 ' s the artwork . Finally a story that understands the character and how he is misunderstood . 
You know what this weekend is .. SUGOICON !! WAHOO ! 
Doh ! Why must I wait still Sunday to prance around like a pirate ? 
I need to go to Wal-mart check my hours and buy a cape ... 
Wishes I could translate this doujinshi , I can understand the story by the artwork but it looks deeper then that . 
Not much to do today .. just chilling and waiting for the big day tomorrow . Can't wait . :3 
Later I shall post more cosplay pictures , since I got the hair fixed , I can be more in character . 
Goodness at 12:30 there are people cursing outside .... 
Well Nite friends 
Today I am going to Sugoicon as Mr. 3 .. I am the cutest little Galdino .. * dances * 
I think I will go to Ohayocon . I hear there is going to be a HUGE One Piece group there . I will cosplay as Usopp or Galdino . Mr. 3's are hard to come by . 
If my class sign up goes accordingly , I will be out of class Monday-Thursday at 3 . 
Just wants to get this one test over with ... driving me crazy . I ALWAYS get nervous at tests , unless it is only 10 questions but anything more then that I spazz out . I will write a hundred papers and get great grades but quizzes ... doh ! NITE ! 
REFUSES to change her default because that is so me . XD 
Doh ! Just got pissed off at MySpace , I was going to post my happiness for believing I did well on a test and yet ... IT WOULDN'T LET ME So I posted a bulletin that said screw you and your statuses ... Myspace is driving me nuts anymore . 
Good day today .. Passed that Socology test with a B , on Thursday I register for classes , and * gives a cheesy thumbs up * Life is good . 
Nite Nite ... maybe . XD 
Happy friusday ... It is my Friday yet Thursday in reality . 
Hates how the sun comes up early now ... I can't sleep past 9:30 
You ever work on something which you had no faith in ... well always have faith in it because it could turn into something beautiful . 
Working on her Christmas list because I am the only one who doesn't have it done ... just nothing exciting out there this year . 
Writing a paper today on an interview with good ol < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . 
You can call me a dork or nerd all you want but I am happy being me ! 
I have to go back to work today ? DOH ! I have to get back on my normal routine ... after two weeks of being off . I don't remember how to work at my job . But I will miss those two weeks considering there was no stress since I had all the time in the world to work on homework . * thumbs up * 
Wow was I gone that long ... at least I am off Black Friday and Thanksgiving 
Is mad yet happy she is off Thanksgiving and Black Friday . I am merely mad because I need Holiday money ! 
Night Night ! 
I had that nightmare quite a few times . The one with the orb weavers taking over my room . Though last night there was one larger posionous one in the corner of my room , and I would wake up right after the large spider jumps onto my neck and bites me ... * shivers * 
The word of the day must be love related ... please no more ... it makes me pity myself more .. 
My mood is better , just I HATE certain situations 
You know what I want for Christmas ... a new Gir hoodie ... It HAS to have GIR on it ... that is my thing unless you find a One Piece one XD 
I LOVE TODAY !! Missed my print time , because I locked my keys in my house . So will have to go to Kinkos . Than I dropped all my printing supplies .. doh ! 
People believe I can't be quiet for five minutes ... they are right . XD 
Good night my friends ! 
That was great , tagging people in a random photo . XDD 
Logging off for the night ... tired like an old man .. but I might draw XD 
Three options for Ohayocon if I go .. \ 
1 . ) Straw Hat Luffy\ 
2 . ) Buggy the clown ( I doubt it but a thought)\ 
3 . ) Executioner Galdino 
I like being random ... LOOK ! AN OLD MAN !! WAHOO ! 
I got it to work finally !! Must go to wal-mart buy two more head bands and it will actually sit on my head with ease ... Loves how I have more time to work on it unlike the November one ... that was a week process ... * sighs and hides head in shame * 
* laughs * All of you are obessed with old people . I get tons of likes for saying anything related to old people , Let's see how many likes I get for saying the magic word .... OLD MAN ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all the crazy people in the world . Keep being insane . 
Going to catch up on my One Piece .. also I need to get back into character .. so good reseach . WAAH ! XD 
Needs to take a photo of myself , just me , not in character ... but I will be in character next moth too .. Me and my anime conventions . 
I am actually motherly to pirates ? MySpace does not lie . 
A stress load has been lifted off of my shoulders .. that was easy . And I didn't notice that solution sooner ? 
Thinking on if she should try and have a holiday party once again . College nakama , work nakama , and other close nakama . * salutes * 
Maybe I best go to sleep , I am crazy , sorry my nakama whom I am texting for being insane and having to deal with my babbling of being a pirate . * laughs * 
Come visit me at work ... 4-11 
What day is better for the party A Friday or Saturday ? 
Can't there be a picture of Galdino and Waluigi holding a Golbat ? 
:3 
Best go to sleep will post the party info tomarrow maybe , so Dec 17th or 18th ? 
* laughs * In the anime why does my villain/hero look like a cute little ol man . XDD 
Later I am going to post that oldmanness as my default . A certain nakama best not be mad at me for posting it since it is getting close to well ... THAT MOMENT in the anime . 
Is quite tired .. doh ! 
I was working on my self portrait for painting class and big neck disease is real . It started as a joke in roleplay but I have a beefy neck .. WAH ! Galdino did this ! * stop drops and rolls * 
To work with my large neck muscles ... dang that fetish is back .. blah ! 
Must rest .. my headache is still killing me .. * dies * 
Okay Okay this Thursday should I have the Holiday Party or sometime next week ? 
My neck hurts .... NIGHT ! ( I am tired because my neck hurts ? lol ! ) 
Finals next week , Last day of class today . 
One more class than out to one of my favorite resturants . hehe 
Listening to my usual music you know what it is . XD 
<- I like being the underdog ( also when the underdog is your favorite xD ) 
Working on a painting , self portrait .. * frowns * Should have wore my cosplay . 
Got some hours this week . About time am I right ? 
Just as annoying as home . Shut up and go play some real football . Earth to people they can't hear you in the TV . 
Is always in touch with her inter child side .. 
Going Christmas shopping today with the folks . 
I love this song . :3 
I can't spell today ... that is winter break not weather break ... blah ! After tomarrow . 
Going to work on a drawing like usual . 
* < PROPFEMALE > eyes * Today I spend time with my Sister , than < PROPFEMALE > Moore and < PROPFIRST > Hoffman , than the epic One Piece episode I have been waiting for is on tonight if I am not mistaken ... * drools * 
Had fun with the girls today and am actually quite mellow for a change . * claps * Half an episode devoted to my character . I do care * cries * 
Wake me when the day is over ... ( tired ) 
Why all the One Piece defaults ? Because people tell me I am like Galdino so yeah .. also I haven't taken any REAL pictures in sometime .. not one to enjoy a photo of my erm .... self . Soon I promise . 
I keep going back to this photo ... I like it . :3 
Is quite tired ... still .... blah ! 
I passed the review . See you next semesters my friends . 
Good day to take it easy . Working all week but next week not much so .. yup . 
Wants to know when the cough fest will end ? Got mother coughing and my sister doing the same . I can't think , and I do that alot ! ( only healthy female in this house ) 
Migraine ... so fuzzy .. messing with my vision .. hate it ! I jinxed myself . 
If I had to pick a crew in One Piece to join it would be Buggy the clowns . I have a reason . Random fangirl obession . 
Going to work in a wee bit than out on the town . And work is a Wal-mart sales associate not a 1st mate on a pirate ship . XD 
If I were to say I am doing this for a fallen comrade's wishes would you laugh at me ? - Mr. 3/ Galdino 
Time to get ready for work ... me and my big mouth about wanting more hours . XD 
Happy Holidays my comrades . * salutes * Have a wonderful one . 
I am hungry .. yes sir .. skinny people can be hungry too . xD 
New purple Invader Zim hoodie ! I <3 it . 
Happy Holidays to all and to all a grand day . 
This week's plans : Work tomarrow , going to Grace's birthday party on Tuesday , than * shrugs * 
Need to get ready for work . At least I am not on the floor today . Cashiering is rough seriously . 
Plans with the bestie tomarrow * laughs * that sounds like ... hahaha ! Happy birthday Grace . :3 
* laughs * Next cosplay .. I think I get to work out . I am not though but still how the heck does a person get so buff just by a change of clothes ? * sighs * Going over to Graces tata ! 
Listening to some 80's music like I always do at night .. Such an ol school person ... ROCK ON ! 
Is a big ol nerd ... but I can live with that . XD 
Looked in the mirror this morning and realized I look just like < PROPFEMALE > Daisy .. that flip on my hair probably .. so prominent anymore .. though NO DRESSES FOR ME ! 
Is always so cold and I have a blanket on . 
Blah ! Woke up this morning to some jerk blasting the bass in his car at 9 am .... jerk 
Going out in a few hours with my Buggy ( < PROPFIRST > Hemphill ) So be back laters . ( Yay for One Piece Crack pairings XD ) 
Doing so drawing and editing today . Drawing for myself and editing for roleplay . XD 
Needs to find out if my crew is going to Ohaycon and if once again I am the only one cosplaying ... * sighs*Humor me ... please . 
It's two in the morning you know what that means .... time to try and finish up that drawing ... which anymore has no meaning so I declare it a study . One full body figure and the other just out of humor and my own fandom . * laughs loudly * I am sick . XD 
This conversation is as exciting as talking about sports . I am always the clueless one . 
I was looking through my old scrape book and I realized how quite sad it is . I must make a new one . 
Got to do some things before work , work 4 to 1 am like always . But it isn't so bad . * grins * 
Shoving off to work * smacks head * Sorry that is how I would say it on MySpace since I am a pirate over there . 
Mondays and Wednesdays shouldn't be too bad , One class at 3:15 -6 . Yay I can keep my terrible sleep habits . But honestly Tuesday and Thursdays shouldn't be bad either over by 3 o'clock . Though than straight to work .. that is the killer . * clasps * 
Is going to poke a few people . Will you be special ? 
I poked so many people my computer exploded . 
Stupid snow , I am carpooling because when it snowed on Friday last week , my mother didn't get home for four hours after work because of .... the hill ! \ 
And I don't want to wreck like many others did that same day . I <3 the snow but I hate the snow too . 
Poke fest continues . 
Wow ! You guys are great at this poking game . haha ! 
Whelp time to force myself to sleep . I am such a night owl . * laughs * 
Today is Friday ... erm Thursday . Friusday ! 
My poor hamster died today ... my poor Panic ... he lived a good life . D: 
Wishes she could go as Buggy to the next convention ... but I don't have enough time to make a clown costume . 
Still up but of course texting the boyfriend . Now I think I will draw as well while I am at it . 
Has a headache and an urge to draw myself for once ... that is crazy . XD 
No class today , so time to catch up on some boring and confusing reading ... it does confuse me , not only with it's scientific words and such but the kearning and leading is awful as well . 
Couldn't read every chapter in the book ... it has spelling mistakes , kearning issues it drives me nuts . O.O 
To work here soon ... hooray ! * sarcasm * At least silly head works tonight we can rant together . XD 
Wants to play some old video games from my youth , but yet my computer hates rar files . 
1st class canceled , why am I up ? lol ! 
<- Favorite anti couple : Waluigi x < PROPFEMALE > ( now to work on my online class .... AWAY ! ) 
To bed with me , I need sometime to mellow out . 
* laughs * Apparently enjoys facial hair ... I am going to bed now * random * 
Needs some advice any one want to help . 
Sending various people the video of the day . XD 
Who want's to run around with me ? I need to run some places today or Tomarrow any takers ? 
Perfect day to go outside and take photos , wishes her manfriend could come over . WAKE UP ! XD 
blah ! I fail ... at relaxing . 
Buttscratcher ! 
Only a crazy person would be interested in me , thank goodness you are as crazy as me . ( a random topic ) 
* squeals like a little girl * I want that book ! I WANT IT ! Another 60 < PROPFEMALE > doujinshi for my collection . 
Replied to all roleplays on MySpace time to take a few more pictures before class . 
Are any of my nakamas NOT camera shy ? I feel like I should be taking pictures of people not animals and my ugly mugshot .... wait ? I am camera shy too ! WAH ! 
Wishes it was next week after my Test on Tuesday and after everything is due . That would be Thursday . I wish it was next Thursday . 
Weeeeeeee ! 
Is annoyed ! Why didn't I realize that I saved my homework under the CS5 version when I have CS4 ... * grumbles * This is why I use my computer not the schools ! * pouts for 45 minutes * Yes that is as long as the stupid trial version takes ... it better be there ... 
Answered a question finally which has been running through my head . Thank you internet . 
Just an FYI for people watching sports , the TV can't hear you so stop yelling at it and just enjoy watching what I consider rubbish . 
Blah ! I got to work tonight .... but it will be so boring ... I guess I should study anyhow . Oi happy 2 months < PROPFIRST > . :3 
You want a superbowl related status , here ... I refuse to watch the TV because of the superbowl . 
Rain Rain go away ... snow would be nice . XD 
Really wants to draw , but what ? I started a self portrait but now I don't feel like drawing myself . blah ! 
Really should update on the 30 day challenge though I am probably 30 days behind . XD Hard to find a photo for \A memory you want to forget\ " since it is hard to look at photos like that without wincing . " 
Tomarrow is date night with < PROPFIRST > Hemphill . We are going to a movie than bowling . It is our Valentines Day considering I am in class and he works the REAL Valentines Day . 
Wishes it was 4:30 
Such a wonderful evening , now I should be off to bed . And I still suck at bowling ... don't even ask what the high score was for me it was terrible , the heavy drinkers in the < PROPFIRST > next to us did better than me . 
NEEDS to clean my desk ... but I feel like racing is that bad ? 
Doing my ethics homework ... but I read the first paragraph and it makes sense but once they go into details ... I am more confused than ever and will admit I think I am the most confused of my group ... the others use huge words and I am merely trying to figure it out as I write . I go off topic loads too . 
Wah ! Must poke these eleven people . How long have you people been waiting ? 
1 in the morning and going to do homework .... genius ! XD 
My mood right now is :3 ( yes hamster face ) 
noooooo ! I must poke all these people again . * runs to the sidebar and pokes them all back * 
I am going to write a blog ... I haven't wrote a decent one in ages . 
Doing my reading assignment . 
Precious and fragile things need special handling ... I just remembered that song and I love that song . 
Happy Valentines Day to everyone ! And yes I am still not a fan of the holiday , he isn't either . So see couples can hate Valentines day as well , why should there in honesty be a day where you should express your love more so ? Also why should there be a holiday that makes singles feel even worse . Why I ask ? 
Blah so very tired .... blah ! Exhausted .... wish It was Saturday * doom * 
One class today and one class on Wednesdays , this week is great so far . 
Wants a pair of gaint sunglasses . XD 
Going to go insane , I am unable to get inspired ... and that affects my work .. you have no idea how stressed and annoyed I am at this moment . 
Should sleep but for some reason I can't ... so yup . XP 
My chest hurts but I am surviving .... somehow . 
So adorable that is all I have to say . 
Going dress shopping tomarrow . And it isn't like I want to but my sister is getting married in July and I am a maid of honor and you know how it is . The ONLY time I will wear a dress ... DON'T GET USE TO IT ! 
Home sweet home . XD 
Is in a great mood because I made someone smile . 
I <3 < PROPFIRST > Hemphill because he always knows how to make me smile . 
Feels like crap .... blah ! Shot me now ... 
My music players aren't working ... and this song sounds better in it .... because I got the amp all funked up . 
* laughs * Why did they put that in the One Piece Wiki ? He didn't work out in a day ... that is impossible ... still funny . 
Realizes that I have a turtle neck ... you know one of those necks that is long and looks like it is popping out of a shell ... yes one of those .. that is my neck . * laughs * Now I am off to bed but see I can make a joke about myself . 
Is freezing like always .... why am I always so c-c-cold .... BLAH ! Ten more days til Spring break , yes I can't wait to socialize again . xD 
Spring break is a week away , Got Wednesday booked for fun . 
One more class come on free day . XD 
Blah hates not having reception in this building . 
Blah ! I am bored ... someone want to < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Taking some photos trying to think of a new theme . Organic ? 
Can't wait til this week is over but meh I maybe free on Monday if I get all my homework done by tomarrow who wants to be my < PROPMALE > for the day ? XD 
Whelp sleepy time . XD 
Okay , who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out next week on Spring break ? Time to reconnect with some Nakama ... though I realize I might not have any homework Wednesday ... so maybe this wednesday after class . wahoo ! 
After today two more class days til spring break . I need my social life back . XD 
Two more days til Spring Break , woo woo ! 
Hurry up Thursday ! Who wants to be my special friend on Friday or Saturday ? * speaks in a creepy fashion * 
What time is it ? Sleep time ! I wish Adventure time ... lol ! 
Hanging with the sister < PROPFEMALE > Wright today , with Grace McGee on Monday , and a date with < PROPFIRST > Hemphill on Wednesday . Any other takers ? 
All my nakamas are so very special to me , and don't any of you ever forget that . * creepy smile * ( but I am serious ) 
Is going to finish this reading assignment than maybe draw ( my One Piece characters club default photo inspired me ... so .... amazing ) 
Now I need to come up with something to draw , I want to draw just am thinking what . My characters ? Anime ? Blah ! 
Happy 3 months to my wonderful manfriend . Thanks for everything . 
Is tired ... but can't .... fight the MUSIC ! * dances to song * 
* grins in an eerie smile * No one better ruin my good mood today , < PROPFIRST > is working and it is our 3 months and I intend on smiling all day , so I won't take such rude remarks any longer . Trust me on that . I need to raise my esteem and am trying my best . So if you don't have anything nice to say don't say it or I will oh tune you out . I thank < PROPFEMALE > Moore for the advice . 
* bing bing * Got hit with two ideas but I can't say what they are ... though I may write them down so I don't forget what they are . 
Tomarrow is going to be fun get to be social again . Hanging with my bestest nakama and my boyfriend . If anyone wants to go bowling as well don't be shy . 
Got enough for bowling now , my two best friends and my boyfriend . that should do . :3 
Almost work time .... hooray .... blah ! 
Despite the rain today is going to be a great day . Hanging with < PROPFIRST > Hemphill , Grace McGee , and < PROPFEMALE > Deaton so many amazing people to see in one day . 
loves < PROPFIRST > , thanks for the wonderful night . 
woke up this morning realized it was Thursday than started to panic . 
Calmed down slightly why do I worry so much ... just my nature ... blah ! 
My thoughts go out to Japan . That is terrible news to hear today , 
Someone was talking about something related to the song I am listening to now . I love this song by the way ... despite it being an 80's remix . 
There ya go ! 
Sushi Cat is a fun game to pass the time with .. but on the bright side I managed to reinspire myself . To the sketchbook ! 
Looks like everyone's statuses involves Basketball and UK ... is so tempted to say something about that particular team , but I know nothing about these things I'll leave that business to my two siblings . 
Is back from wherever I was ... 
Whelp first day back to class tomarrow , so I best try and hit the sack . lol ! 
Chilling waiting for class to start .... suddenly my heart is racing as well ... why ? 
i like eggs !! 
Dang hackers ... disregard anything that was posted . 
< PROPFIRST > Hemphill , you like to flatter me now it is my turn to flatter you . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
Working on a poster for work finally . lol ! 
What is this ? I am going to bed before four ? I used to only stay up til three but meh I am a night owl ... but night ! 
I can post a basketball status too since everyone else is .... Go UC 
Any body know someone who has a camera I can borrow for a month mine has a broken chip .... dang my luck 
I don't care what people say about the Bearcats they played well . 
Almost work time .... hooray .... lol ! At least nothing to do tomarrow for the most part . 
So excited , Date night Thursday , though I work Friday I can live with that . 
Got a replacement SLR camera ... though still an investment 
Come on Thursday ... please ..... pretty please with sugar and sprinkles on top ... and oh ? What is this ? M&M's ? 
< PROPFIRST > you are dating a male for the week . ( look at photo ) I love ya . 
Keyboard FAIL at NKU 
Might play a video game shortly . Best game ever ! 
* pokes * < PROPFIRST > Hemphill hehehehe ! 
Whelp best sleep soon ..... soon I mean it ... I fail at sleep . But I must slumber in order to public speak and also be alive for my date night . 
Must go to bed .... for real ..... 
* rubs eyes * Blah .... okay let's do the school thing . ( obviously isn't in the mood considering I just want this weekend to start ) 
Let's get this presentation over with ... I am not a good public speaker so don't laugh , once this is over with the rest of the day should go smoothly . 
Love ya < PROPFIRST > Hemphill 
Whelp I am sleepy .... tomarrow I work O.O .... but it was worth it I got to have a deserved date night . :D 
Taking my online test .... woohoo ! No really than I am going to play my video game , than to work . 
Now to relax with some video game playing . :D 
Doh ! Almost work time ... I hope < PROPFEMALE > Deaton remembers that I work tonight ... everyone seemed suprised that I work tonight ... can't I have a Thursday off here and there ? 
so very tired .... 
Dang come back nice weather ... I hate the cold . 
to < PROPFEMALE > out or not to < PROPFEMALE > out that is the question .... hmmm ... I am tired but curse working Friday ! It got me all confused . 
Hopes that a certain someone gets up in time to meet me for din din . :D 
Turn this crap off . No one cares about this game . 
lol ! Never make < PROPFEMALE > angry just ask most of the people today who worked about it . She is pure evil when she is mad . XD 
Chilling like a villain . :P 
That is awesome , you can get on facebook as your group , but the sad thing is I can't bother people who aren't in my group . And here I was going to bother people as a pirate . XD 
blah ! 
Loves my guardian angel for being true to himself and for all the love he gives . Almost 5 months , and these months have been perfect . Thanks < PROPFIRST > Hemphill for being a perfect manfriend . :3 
Is so very tired ... can't you tell . x.X 
I dislike thunderstorms at night . Spiders nor snakes bother me but thunderstorms do . 
Go UCONN ! XD 
Is UCONN winning so far ? I think so . EAT IT ! ( sorry to my boyfriend but you know I am not a big blue fan ) 
Hear that ... that is the sound of UK fans finally growing silent . Thank goodness 
yeah say it \Your default doesn't have San in it but you roleplay him . \ " I couldn't find a decent quality one and besides I await the First Mate version soon to come in the anime you know the one with the black jacket . " 
I had to , give my roleplay character some love .. again sorry babe but you look like you be going out with Galdino again . * snickers * 
Awaiting for the one person I care so much for to get his behind here to work . 
Worries too much ... my bad but I can't help it . 
Howdy ! 
woohoo My sister < PROPFEMALE > Wright be coming home tomarrow though I won't see her til Wednesday probably . But I hope to < PROPFEMALE > with her . 
Can't control myself I am going all morbid on my artwork again . This Wednesday is < PROPFIRST > Hemphill and my five month . < PROPFIRST > we must Skype that day . XD 
Oh my goodness I am not going to wear my hat the rest of the semester !? Only because I should fluff it out ... but meh my hair looks like a hat . XDD 
Can't believe a question I answered forgot to add Kentucky . It is a state and I have traveled there because I live there . 9.9 
I'm up and at them ... whatever them is . 
Is very suggestible so knock it off . xD 
Happy four months < PROPFIRST > Hemphill also I will see you on Skype later . :3 
Got a 3DS and I love how I took a picture of my parrot and he literally looks like he is popping out of the system . 
Here I be . 
My sister is crazy you can't turn Doc Brown into a Mii with that image . 
Almost to the weekend baby . :D 
By < PROPFIRST > I have done it ... I deleted over 700 messages on MySpace , but I saved some roleplays . * grins * Classics if I say so myself ... 
What is the point of pretending to be your group , when you can't freak people out with it . I wanted to post of a friends < PROPFEMALE > as Mr. 3 Galdino but failed . XD 
Seems like on every show you watch on TV the women are sex candy ... HELLO ! Try looking at a real woman , we are smart , kick butt , and we really don't need anyone to save us . Also please ... not everyone falls for the hero . ( FYI : I am more of a villian person myself which most villains are misunderstood not just pure evil ... also they dress better . hehe rant of the day right there . 
Are they even allowed to hold you hostage ? That is crazy ... there goes my evening . 
Just watched a bunch of old 80's music videos , they don't make them like that anymore . CLASSIC 
Hard to believe that most of my classes final projects are due the monday after next : Final Photography Project and Seven < PROPFEMALE > Ethics paper . 
Exactly midnight you know what that means for an hour ... time to draw , me and my random ideas , thanks awesome artwork of my favorite anime coupling .. so ... dang ... amazing . ( On my list of things that make me smile ) 
Only reason I am working tonight is for < PROPFIRST > Hemphill . If they want me to stay late again ... um ... no thanks . 
Paper is done in my opinon ... thank goodness ... one thing off my back finally . 
Feeling close to better , also ... I had to change my photo ... look at Urkel . XD 
Did I do that ? 
I just saw a wild boar heading out into the storm ... it is going to be big thunder tonight . 
What to do today ? First run a few errands , than reply to my class decussion online , second date day with < PROPFIRST > Hemphill , than watch One Piece , finally sleep . I do need to take a few more photos but I will tomarrow . 
Going to go take a few more photos , just because I want to 
Feels so tir < PROPMALE > ... hard to believe school is almost out , next semester only going part time . Not a fan of classes that you take as fillers . Taking Interm < PROPMALE > iate GD , Ceramics ( since sculpture was at an odd time , rpers understand the joke ) and Socology 101 . ( last gen < PROPMALE > ) 
needs to get ready for work , but I am not doing any favors tonight , I am exhausted and if you can't tell by staring into my eyes you are nuts . I need sleep and I went to bed before 2:30 last night so ... just saying . 
You like this ? What are you talking about I like everything random like button . lol ! 
Best work on my homework ... it isn't going to create itself . 
Time to write that blog which I am writing because < PROPFIRST > Hemphill was curious about my villain fetish . hehehe 
lol ! THAT IS A DEFAULT ! XD Look at all those guys who look the same 
Should sleep but it is storming and I hate storms ... doh ! 
Laugh all you want I can't sleep and am burnning up under the covers . 
If I drove all the way here and none of the teachers showed I would be mad ... I only got about three hours of sleep after all ... I hate storms . 
<- Epic group of geezers ! 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > is scared under my bed ... so cute . :3 
Wants to know why Nyan cat is half poptart ... 
yesterday was nice spent it will the man I love . Just needed a break from my usual all work week . lol ! As you can see I am getting into my summer mood of being lazy ... sorryz . 
Is class over yet I be dying .... here I need air ... AIR ! 
Why in my Sims game for the 3DS did I make < PROPFIRST > and my favorite villain equally hot . 
Snacks are best saved for later ... ( Family Guy had to say it ) 
Just now going to bed but I can't help it . I admit my moaning and groaning of being tired is indeed my own fault . Got sucked into my video game . lol ! My boyfriend doesn't get along with Galdino in the game it is funny . 
Wants to know why < PROPFIRST > and Galdino aren't getting along , < PROPFIRST > that is my best friend on the game get along ! 
* blinks grins and laughs * Whoever thinks they know everything about me there is one thing no one knows about me . 
Hates late night storms ... brrrr ! 
Uploading my photos to the CD than to clean my room ... than maybe I will have time to draw and I <3 it . 
dedode .... still waiting for these photos to export .. dodede 
So sick of these sirens and this severe weather are you wanting to give me a heart attack ? 
Wanna know a secret ? I can't tell you because than it wouldn't be my most secret secret . lol ! 
Music time . :D 
Debating on if I should draw or play the 3DS ? I would love to take my hand on a subject which I have been dying to master . But on my game I might have one of my close nakamas move in with me . 
my Easter is called working ... doh ! I missed mine last year as well , but I suppose I would certainly like to keep my Saturdays off over my Sundays . 
Whelp time to get my lazy butt up and do something productive ... work on my sexy drawing . lol ! I kid it isn't sexy but just a drawing . XD 
Is tired of no respect sometimes , why do favors if you don't get a measly thanks out of it . 
Not in the mood to deal with people 
Realizes that I speak only positively but that is just the type of person I am . 
Hard to believe next Thursday or so is the last day of the semester . 
< ( I'MMA FIRING MEH LASER ! ) ( Had to had to .... now I draw ) 
Be nice to me today , I am a freaking ticking time bomb . 
I swear if that siren goes off again I am going to scream . I am sleep deprived and honestly would rather turn over and ignore it . See it is even getting old to someone who hates storms . 
Is so tired .... I hate the freaking sirens waking me ... and I have class today as well so blah ! 
In class and still tired woot ! 
Doing my favorite things this evening working on a personal project for myself one which I have been dying to complete but never get time to . A nice drawing project also I was playing my 3DS .. but wonders why Galdino comes over more than < PROPFIRST > on my Sims game . lol ! Still <3 him though . 
lol ! I know < PROPFIRST > Hemphill loves it when I change my photo about five hundred times to either a picture of us or to my roleplay character Mr. 3 Galdino . My roleplay friends know what I am talking about when I say it is a way of life . XD 
Last day of normal class , sorry if I seem too excited but I <3 the summer 
Dislikes how bad a reception I get in this building and to make it worse everywhere I look I see them ... barefeet in sandels ! Nasty ! ( Fun Fact of the day : I don't like sandels because I hate barefeet they are so nasty ) 
Can't function no more ... * bangs head against table * I am out but only 15 more minutes . 
Going to clean the room and I hate to toot my own horn but dang ! Those are some nice forearms I < PROPFIRST > , it is one of my Favorite Anime Characters during the summer ideas . I may draw Usopp as well . I <3 to draw . :3 
Best get off my duff and clean the room , than who knows . XD 
Are you serious ? Still having fish , lint is over ... So tired of fish . 
Time to doodle my heart maybe play my 3DS as well ... hmmm . 
Time to doodle my heart out maybe play my 3DS as well ... hmmm . 
lol ! I was playing the sims on my 3DS , I made two of the same person ( Galdino ) and can't delete the version I am not best friends with , but boy when < PROPFIRST > Hemphill's sim left my house and saw both of them in the front yard , I think he was having a \WHAT THE HELL ! \ " moment . " 
Things I need to do this week : Finish Typography Project , Study for Photography and Graphic Design History finals , Buy silver shoes , Get Stupid Dress fitted , Leave more randomness on friends pages , and hope that my ethics paper is good enough to not rewrite . 
* laughs * My behind was starting to hurt and not thinking I thought the solution was to check my phone for text messages ... hooray for sleepiness . 
Wonders if tonight she will be the only one working til 1 ... I hope not .. I don't want to get yelled at for anything in that hour alone . 
Doh ! I am the only one working to one ... but once one hits I am outta there . 
Goodness I had my best friend move in with me on the Sims and he met himself ... lol ! ( that copy ) 
* laughs * You can make your pets a facebook ... so guess what I did . 
Today is final number 1 , final number 2 is on Wednesday , then number 3 on Thursday .... then FREEDOM ! 
Tonight on lunch I need to focus on my studies . Two more finals , so don't disturb . 
People underestimate me because I am a woman ... I AM SICK OF IT ! 
Test number two today , also is getting vaguely annoyed with my online paper , I don't know if it was submited and how do I revise a paper when I don't know what to work on because it has no grade . I turned it in on the due day so I am going at revising blindly . It is due on Friday and I have no choice . 
Is a worry wart ... truly is 
In honor of Mother's Day , let's see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother or you with your mother and keep it there till May 9 ! I did and so have several others . If you will and like this idea , please re-post this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB . :) 
Wishes < PROPFIRST > would get along with Galdino on the Sims . Stop teasing his fasion sense . I am a sucker for vests . 
Finally got new spikes today , this one has two rows . 
Happy mothers day mom . :D 
Feels so much better , finally popped my jaw bone . It has been bugging me for two weeks but no more ... feels so great now . 
Doh my computer is being a butt , the left click is worn and doesn't work but in a certain spot . 
Dang is so tempted to order one of my doujinshis for a cheap price from an international anime store but isn't sure . Hey someone get it for me for my birthday . * laughs * I kid I will think about it , I wish Ebay had it though the price would be higher if they did . 
Bet you weren't expecting Usopp . lol ! 
Cleaning some stuff off my computer ... also on my Sims game , Galdino is the one with the best cooking , people , handiness , logic , and music skills and he is the one who doesn't have a job .. lol ! < PROPFIRST > Hemphill apparentlly wants to join the military as a dream also . 
Bored at work .... going to unload the truck after lunch though . 
Is so very tired .... doh ! 
Chicken legs ! ( that is how I define myself in shorts ) 
I change my default ALOT ! Usuually to anime characters . 
Now to go outside because it is nice out .. I wanna go for a walk ! 
Doesn't wanna go to work later , do you see how nice it is outside ? I don't wanna spend my day inside that is for sure ... it's bad enough I overslept but doh ! Also later I am going to compile a birthday list , I think there are only about three things on it that are easy to obtain , the rest are from Japan ... why is it that all the good stuff has to be from out of state ? 
Is very proud of her manfriend . :D 
Trying to wake < PROPFIRST > Hemphill up without calling him like he asked ... WAKE UP ! 
Wants to know where Jazzy cat is ? Haven't see her out in the open in about two days . 
RANT of the Day : I wanna know why there is a POP figure of Jozu and no Galdino . Are you telling me he is more known than San ? I mean Jozu is even in the New One Piece game for the 3DS as a playable character , there better be Galdino , playable or not . Stop excluding him . ( Just saying is all ) 
I'm glad you messaged but I'm not on , but I'll be back before too long . You got to wait for the beep , you got to leave your name , , you got to leave your message , wait for the beep . 
Going to upload a barrel full of photos . 
Needs to clean the room but I found the motherload of pictures for my roleplaying , so now I am all weehee ! 
Going to draw a bit , got reinspired by a funny image .... funny but true image reallly . 
Blasting the Trance music up . 
Blah best log off got to work tonight and need to get off my duff . 
My birthday is less than a month away so excited . Who wants to come swimming that day ? 
Needs to think of something for my birthday ... aside from what I asked my parents to get and anime goods . 
Rant of the day : A word to the wise a way to have money is to save it and not spend it on things you don't need .. Sure I want to spend now and than but there is a thing called self control . Just get tired of hearing people complain about waiting for their pay check because they need it now ... sorry if I sound like a you know what but it is the truth . SAVE SAVE SAVE not SPEND SPEND SPEND . 
Woke up early for once .. 11 is early in my book ... not 11:30 . 
Best go get my manfriend .... first I need to GET gas though . :P 
< PROPFIRST > Hemphill there is a bison on the lose be careful 
Promises that I will post a birthday list soon ... I promise 
* Screams * I can't draw legs ... but his chest looks good ... WHY CAN'T I DRAW LEGS ! I mean he is riped .. I must inform that I always draw buff men and flat chested women . * laughs * In my book making a man overly toned is a complement where as making a woman flat .... or busty ... well that isn't a complement either way I just don't like drawing women .. * bows * Sorry . 
I was brushing my teeth and this spider just came out of nowhere ... that was scary . O.O 
Such a beautiful day out today ... time for adventure . 
Just reread a roleplay I did with < PROPFEMALE > Lackey . Awww ... it always gets sad at the end where Galdino and Rika fight . I want them to meet again soon . :( 
All these commericals are very wrong ... I mean not all women are bimbos ... we do have brains and can kick a mans tail if we want . 
Today is supposedly the end of the world at 5:45 ... Can't it wait until I get my degree in 2013 ... at least I will be something at that point . lol ! 
Only changed my photo because the warden is on the lose , so go Impel Down prisoners go ! 
People will believe anything ... rapture please ... God is good so why would that happen ? That is all I have to say . Also anyone can say a day and spread fear to people . I say the world will end 2030 on Feb 29th ... FEAR IT ! 
Is on a drawing kick , so if I post a bunch of random doodles don't mind me . Also I am working on a real drawing project involving anatomically correct humans but these little bits are just for fun and to reinspire me on that . 
Surprising fact : Though I am from Kentucky and many people find this weird and question if something is wrong with me , I don't listen to country music . Though I was born in Ohio I don't listen to Rap either .... not sure if that is associated with Ohio but still ... 
A new version inspired by my sister < PROPFEMALE > Wright , though I am from Kentucky , I do not like country music and their sad woes of being alone on the barn in nothing but blue jeans , am not a UK fan and support a team closer to home that I have associated with that being UoL , don't own a ford truck , never had a bourbon , am not racist , don't own a tracker or horse , and hate the whole \Get er done\ " crap . " 
Is on a drawing and taking photos kick ... 
Told my folks what I wanted for my birthday a Macro lense . On that list in my notes section , number 4 and 6 are on the top for sibling gift ideas . Only four weeks from today that is the day my work vacation starts too . XD 
Going Swimming . First swim of the season . 
Chilling like a villain like always ... what is new ? Can't wait to see my sister < PROPFEMALE > Wright on Wednesday also my manfriend < PROPFIRST > Hemphill , and why not show some love to my brother < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Wright as well . lol ! 
Doesn't want to be at work all they do is yell at you for doing your job because others decide to mess up everything . 
Sorry if I seem like a butt just one of those days . 
Is the sun coming out ? I would love that it not rain . 
The power is back . Now back to sleep ... if it didn't come back when I woke up I would have gone insane . 
Just had to fix my anatomy on my One Piece picture , but now it is better . Than I doodled a character from one of my old favorite cartoons whom is one of my favorite characters now . 
I actually feel like a million bucks for once , nothing is acking on my face ... what is happening here ? lol ! Also I might not be on much tomarrow though I will have my computer I am going to < PROPMALE > for the day so just saying . 
Almost Bed time ... blah ! But I feel so artistic and I want to finish that Toned Galdino picture , I mean he is riped ... ( Fun Fact : Can only draw Toned men , you tell me to draw them skinny they will be Anorexic as in Waluigi ) 
Time for bed I suppose , force sleep but it is for the best ... I can't sleep in a car . 
Got to get up early two days in a row ? How will I survive work tomarrow ? 
Chilling like a villain waiting for something exciting to happen . 
Blah , someone bother me I be in need of company and don't wanna sleep yet . 
Boohoo woe is me goodness you have to study ? I have been studying before you were born and you don't hear me complaining ... I hate drama attention people . 
I dislike marathons ... I know it is considered a holiday but for goodness sake if you are a cartoon channel don't show crappy real life shows all day . That goes moreso for < PROPMALE > , I don't care about your teen drama shows , I want to watch Spongebob . And Cartoon Network why a movie marathon ? When they are real life . 
My eye lid is quite swollen and quite sore .... doh ! I think I just get stressed too easily ... for no reason . I need to do something that will take my mind off this stuff . 
My eyelid is still swollen ... how attractive . lol 
At least I am feeling good overall my swelling is going down ... I am just a barrel of problems and of fun . XD 
Going to chill outside than maybe clean a bit ... my dresser is messy 
* sighs * Just because I have a swimming pool doesn't mean I want to swim all the time . I have other things I would rather want to do . But during the summer it always goes back to the pool . You know it does get boring ... hate to say it . Also maybe I want to doodle today or go for a walk , maybe take some photos .. ( sorry for the mood just been thinking alot ... and most of the stuff I have been thinking about annoys me . ) 
Going outside to take some photos ... like always , also I did go swimming and it felt so wonderful ... the pool is so warm . :3 
Doh ! There goes my good mood . 
It makes perfect sense . 
Calmed down a bit . 
Now to the music ! 
Notices a lot of people talking about their best nakama so .... hi Grace McGee ! * tackles * 
Get to watch my brothers dog today . She is so full of enegry and I guess we won't be seeing the cat today . 
Goodness I am in one of my moods and yet people are surrounding me . I just want to be alone . I am not in my happy go lucky mood , why can't people see that ? ( nothing personal , just feeling very low ) 
Wishes it was tomarrow so I could relax . I mean I can't even say what I feel right now . I am annoyed though . 
Doesn't feel like dealing with people tonight ... so if I am quiet don't take it personal just something you wouldn't understand . 
Is bored and still moody . Enough said . 
About bedtime ... and this time I will keep my alarm set to eleven ... I don't intend on sleeping til noon yet again ... that was an accident . 
Laughs I worry too much and than find out it is nothing ... someone tell me to stop worrying . 
Going swimming . Things I am doing this week : celebrating my mothers birthday , going to a baseball game with the manfriend , and going to another shower , 
Going for a walk , I love walks 
My cat is confusing , you approach her she runs away but when you leave she meows sadly . 
Just went swimming woohoo 
My < PROPFEMALE > hates me now for making her hug me . XD 
Tonight is Saturday which means new One Piece online ... I am waiting to see Galdino again ... come on he is in a black jacket and what is this ? He didn't button it all the way it appears ... come on .... I love you < PROPFIRST > Hemphill , pardon me going on about fictional characters . XD 
Who would win in a pirate battle : Arlongs Top 5 or Buggy's Top 5 ( I read this in a blog somewhere and I feel loved ... everyone agrees the Buggy would win because of the character I roleplay . I kick butt ! ) 
Once I am done with this drawing , I think I am going to start making PineCone comics ... if you don't know who PineCone is he is one of my original designs . Made in the 7th grade with the help of a close nakama at the time ... I miss Moonflower ( her nickname ) 
Four more works days til vacation . 
Work makes me sleepy ... 
Happy birthday to the best old bag I know ... My mother . :3 
Today is my mothers birthday , finally over the hill and oddly it is my 6 month anniversary with my manfriend < PROPFIRST > Hemphill as well , than next Monday is my 22nd birthday ... I am getting old . 
Finally got the internet on my 3DS . 
Okay after I finish this Mr. 3 drawing , I am going to start my weekly comic series involving PineCone , so if anyone has any brillant funny ideas for a cute porcupine do tell . Also I will work on your request too Caje Foley . 
Time for bed . Best get my rest . 
Three more days of work til my vacation . Can't wait . :3 
Wonders how doomed we are tonight on the truck . 
Work always makes me tired ... just coming in makes me sleepy ... blah ! 
Actually forget the previous status ... I feel like a million bucks overall though work likes to make me exhausted ... just coming in this building makes me tired ... Why I wonder how associates come in here on their off days ... ARE THEY HUMAN ! 
Working myself to death I hope I pass out .... * sarcasm * 
I fail at getting up early in the morning ... really I do . 
So getting a drink when we get inside ... I can't take it . 
Dang it is hot about to go get some ice ... my drink is warm . 
Finally going to read Glass , the continuation of Crank , the depressing poetry books are always appealing to me when I am not in the least a depressing person . But first I will install the Sims either today or tomarrow , I want Galdino to get a job this time ... he had so much out there for him and he got fired . And I want < PROPFIRST > to look more like him , who was that in the 3DS version but a cute guy with a goatee . 
I woke up in a wonderful mood , so please don't ruin it ... I feel once again as though I am on top of the world so yeah ... that goes for work too . I want to be like this all next week . 
Going swimming with the folks . Fun Fun . :D 
When I get home I am playing my game . lol ! Still not sure if I should make myself or have another victim go through the journey of life . 
Reason I miss the other breakroom ... Now people sneak up on me when I am drawing ... and of course I slam that book shut ... Like grandma said it is a security thing . I don't like being rude but people shouldn't stick their nose in my sketches . I mean I admit that there is a shirtless picture of Galdino in there you think I want people seeing that ... no no ! 
Fridays was good , best nachoes in my opinon , may play the Sims soon , but I might not make myself but just stick with anime characters for now ... let them age . XD 
Is scared so much lightening . O.O 
Life is good * grins from cheek to cheek * 
Tomarrow I have a shower I will need to go to on the behalf of my sister once again . I just hope she likes the gift I got her ... I put a lot of heart into it . 
Best sleep before the storm comes ... Yup ... 
Was looking through a box of memories . I really do miss my old drawing and writing sidekick . I wonder if she would remember me . Us and our comics . hehe 
Might play me some Sims3 ... though I am still thinking if I want < PROPFIRST > to live in the same house with my roomate and me . * laughs * same people from my 3DS version .. Lets make Galdino once again the one with so much potential . 
* growls * Since my mother dropped my phone and it got wet it shorts out ... shuts off when I am typing . 
Warning to all my One Piece Roleplaying Nakamas ... and fans of the show in general : Don't watch any Galdino episodes because I know you will think of me . But I <3 you for doing so anyhow . 
Is quite tired .... still ... also I think I made Galdino too musclur in the Sims , but meh he is a self employed painter . And I love how complementing someones appearance is considered flirting ... I complement people all the time in real life but have no feelings that way whatsoever . 
Realizes that I find guys in vests very attractive ... lol ! 
woowoo ! One more day of work than I am FREE !!! So don't piss me off . Give me a hug if you see me ... that always makes me happeh ! 
So in my 3DS Sims I have < PROPFIRST > and in the PC version I have Galdino .... DON'T HATE ME < PROPFIRST > !! I still love you . 
< PROPFIRST > figured it out I have a chest fetish ... that is why I like vests ... but I am refering to the vest my roomate is wearing in the sims ... ( can't see it in the picture but I am a fan for vests like that ... ) 
Goodness I can't stop playing this game ... * pokes man vest * lol ! I only do that to annoy my manfriend . If I ever make < PROPFIRST > Hemphill in the game he is getting a man vest . XDDDD 
Funny I don't feel a day over 20 
Best clean the homefront before the shindig ( sp ? ) Jamming to some tunes ... like a winner . Thankie for the wishes as well . I love you all . :D 
Whenever I contemplate to myself , why must there be someone there looking at me like I a strange ? 
So we go from a birthday party to the eye doctors today ... lol ! I am just happy to be on vacation away from work . And I thank you all for the birthday wishes and to < PROPFIRST > Hemphill , Grace McGee , Caje Foley , and < PROPFEMALE > Garber for chilling with me on my birthday . Love all of you though . <3 
Street Fighter is good , though of course my favorite character is the female with the combat boots < PROPFEMALE > and Makoto because she reminds me of myself . A tomboy . 
About bedtime , can't stay awake any longer ... night night * passes out onto the ground * 
< PROPFEMALE > outside means artistic day inside . 
People like statuses right ? But in my opinion if you like something you should have to comment why you like it so much . Heck I can't read minds and see why you like it , you have to inform me about it . 
* laughs * In the Sims3 why does my smart , genius , bookworm , artistic roomate want a tattoo ? Meh I let him get one anyhow ... Bad$% Galdino 
Going to Kings Island if the weather is wonderful tomarrow . 
What to do now .... draw ?.... play the DS ?..... play the Sims ?.... Read a book ?... Roleplay online ?.... blah ! 
Might sleep soon quite tired . What time we wanna go to Kings Island ? 
Blah I'll go to Kings Island another day ... it is good all summer ... hopefully a Wednesday 
I always want to color my work but ... I be lazy and sometimes color makes it worse ... I will try on my default though . 
Time for a trip down memory < PROPFIRST > ! Here are the rules ........ Leave one memory of me and you . It doesn't matter if you know me a little or a lot , just share anything you remember . Don't send a message . Leave your comment right here . Next step is to re-post this on your wall and see how many people leave memories . 
My default is in honor of fathers day tomarrow . 
Hard to believe I have to go back to work on Tuesday already ... 
Going to sleep here soon ... tomarrow we have a cute little puppy visiting . 
Happy Fathers day to the best dad someone as insane as me could ask for . :D 
* laughs * < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > I am going to play your game . The one where for every like I get on this status I will post a fun fact about myself . 
Fact #1 : Originally I always dreamt of being a < PROPFEMALE > Biologist . Being quite fasinated with the creatures of the deep . Being quite intrigued I even got a stuff animal of a Saccopharynx which was and still is my favorite deep sea animal . 
Fact #3 : I am the only person in my WHOLE family ( siblings and cousins ) who loves anime , and I mean real anime not american made anime . 
Fact #4 : I am a worry wart and can be quite suggestible , if one thing looks out of wack I freak out . The only way to calm me down is to usually reasure me that I am crazy pretty much . 
Got some pictures for you .... now to Lightroom ! 
Now I feel like drawing ... again ... can't play the Sims downstairs with a dog present ... I will save that for later . 
Doh ! Back to work tomarrow ... I really don't wanna go back , I enjoyed being respected and not yelled at . 
Getting ready for work . 
So much has changed here ... management , new faces , methods ... blah ! I don't like change ... 
I am surrounded by .... ugh ! 
Certainly wants that new Luigis Mansion game for my 3DS when it comes out . 
* shivers * To reinspire my comic idea about monsters and such I am watching some gameplay from some scary video games ... so creepy yet I can't turn away .. why do abnormally long arms scare me !? ( good designs just so creepy ) 
Dare of the day : I dare people with over 200 friends to send a message to all your friends ... do you really know them all ? That is the question ... I hope I am not a digit to anyone ... sheesh . 
Now I am going to draw ... not sure what but something to do . 
What to do now ? 
Chilling with the dog . 
A wedding in the Sims is just a shindig . 
Is tired but when I get home you know I won't sleep . 
Random Observation : I noticed that alot of people younger than myself are getting married ... but shouldn't a person finish college and get on a decent path before commiting ? Just a thought ... also people shouldn't decided to tie the knot after one year . Love takes time ... geez what is the rush ? Think about it do you want to wake up next to that person everyday ? Just a thought . < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
Hard to believe my sister is getting married next weekend . < PROPMALE > Buchholz you best treat ol big nose right . I kid I <3 you < PROPFEMALE > Wright . 
Got a new DeviantArt account ... though nothing is on it yet because I need to draw some more before sharing ... I might post some photography as well . Just an FYI it is ThreeDino ( obvious ) and yes ... my sister figured it out ... I do draw my men too muscular but come on .. I am only human 
* contemplates * 
Going to clean wee bit before work . 
Blah everytime I walk into this place the life is sucked out of me ... Can't wait to do something I love the rest of my life in a Graphic field . 
I have rapid mood swings , I go from your best friend to hey leave me the freak alone ! 
While cleaning my room I uncovered some old classic photos ... So to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . BEWARE ! I am posting them . 
* laughs * I have to agree with < PROPFIRST > that my sisters wedding is getting me out of my safe zone .. dresses ? Make-up ? Say what !? Tch ! That is the only day you will see me dolled up , I have a reputation to keep as a slugger . As a don't mess with me or I will introduce you to my fist . * laughs * 
<- Flashy Best Captain not as amazing as his Impel Down comrade though . Yes , I am a sucker for brains over bronze type people . 
One place to the next ... Can it be Friday already ? 
Hooray for being short handed ... BLAH ! 
Ready to go home ... They only have two people today , why ?! 
A flaw in my character which I hate when I am in love ... I don't even want to spell out what it is but it is obvious . 
I love you < PROPFIRST > Hemphill . 
About all of my shirts have Gir on it . 
Another boring day ... wants to swim .... * sighs * 
Now to go outside and sit in the sun . lol 
I believe that I don't say this enough to you babe , but I love you with all my heart < PROPFIRST > Hemphill . You are the best manfriend a girl could ask for . 
After today I will be quite busy . Got a rehearsal din din to attend tomarrow night than a wedding on Saturday . At least my manfriend < PROPFIRST > Hemphill will be there .. so family members don't scare him off . 
My back hurts I am so old . 
Someone else bought MySpace again I hear ? Why ? Now where will I roleplay ? If it is going to turn into a music site considered myself retired from roleplaying . 
Chilling in my room listening to music . Thought about going swimming but meh , I need some me time . lol ! 
I want to watch a particular monster/ ghost video but I know it will give me nightmares .. so why do I want to watch it .... because it is such a well designed creature ... I am odd . I need inspiration for project SE7EN anyhow .. yes I am bringing that back once I am done with my PineCone vs . A pirate picture . ( new cast ) 
Happy Birthday to my cat Jazzy . XD 
So from one to six tomarrow I will be getting ready for this thing . And yes I don't like dresses ... but it is for my sister .. 
It might be my sisters wedding but on events like today and Kings Island Day I can't sleep am too excited . 
Watching good ol Space Jam . A classic . 
Home sweet home , my sister is offically married . Congrats to her . 
Has a huge headache . Can't wait for Wednesday Kings Island Day . :D 
So tired and blah ! I hope I make it ... 
Who wants a whack of a hunk of pie ? ( lol ! Someone said that at work and I just had to make it a status ) 
I hear fireworks still ? At 3 in the AM ? 
About bedtime ... not tired but I should attempt to sleep . 
Going swimming .. Haven't swam all week . 
I wanna go to Kings Island ... someone please remind me to sleep tomarrow night . I need to get up bright and early . 
Is at work ... is it Wednesday yet ? I wanna go to Kings Island . 
Today everyone assumes I am the lead person ... I am not so don't ask me what to do ... I just am doing my usual routine . 
I understand now ... I am so very flawed . But I can't help it . 
Now time to make some lunch though ... than maybe finish that drawing before work ... to color or not to color that is the question ... 
I colored it ... but photographs of the drawing look better than a scan of it . :3 
So glad to be at lunch alone away from that backroom . I am tired of this stuff . 
Not thunder ... doh ! 
Going to rest a bit ... my head hurts yet again .. 
I am getting some hermit crabs tomarrow . :3 
Wishes I could find a spider to take a picture of ... not a fan of them in my face but I respect them . 
Has such a headache I might turn in early . 
Got my two hermits today ... I need to pick up some more supplies tomarrow . lol ! But that is okay with me . 
Time to poke all these people that need to be poked . 
May turn in early . As of late I have been quite exhausted . 
Feels blah ! 
Feels so blah ! But I have to go to work ... I just hope I make it . 
Still congested ! 
Wishes I could breath .. stupid cough . 
Time for sleep , the cold and congestion isn't the part that really bothers me . The fact that the muscle under my ear is very sore that bothers me . 
tonight I must do some shopping on my lunch ... need some hermit supplies and I need to buy something for my cosplay . Never too early to start . Besides my manfriend may go with me this year too so I must see if I can make him into a clown . wehehehe ! FUN ! 
Can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > with my best friend tomarrow . 
Hooray for 80's music playing at work ... boo for the country inbetween and the 60's as well . 
When I < PROPFEMALE > with Grace I am going to cosplay ... * laughs * got my supplies . 
Both my hermits are females , a site told me how to find out . 
I am such a worrywart no wonder I roleplay Galdino . 
Needs a new default ... * grins hoping someone out there knows what picture I am refering to * 
That is a good question .. If I were in Impel Down I would want to be on Level 2 , or five ... can I take one of the prisioners from level 2 to level 5 with me ? XD 
One last status before work , like the worlds best mother and father titles . There are alot of people who say their manfriend is the best . But it all depends on preference . Quailites some may find attractive might sicken another . So if you assume you have the best , it is to your standards .. As long as you are happy that matters , but no one is indeed the best . ( haven't a clue why I wrote this ) 
You have been Ron'd ... in your mind . 
Time to clean the room ... because I am bored and have nothing better to do ... how sad is that . 
Listening to music while uploading some photos . 
To bed with me ... because I can't stop yawning . 
Why bother ... * annoyed * 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Hemphill , you two are the best . Also instead of cursing I am going to say \Flash\ " when I am angry ... woohoo for Buggy . XD " 
Hooray ! It is raining . XD 
Feels at unease today ... why is everything around me so depressing ... I am gently a happy person . Whelp I am going to draw to take my mind off of things . * Starts drawing * WHY IS THIS A DEPRESSING PICTURE ?! *looks at her characters ripped body * Nevermind .... * laughs * 
There ! I deleted it off my phone . I am over it . 
I only get angry when my heart aches ... ( and no this isn't concerning my manfriend , he is a TRUE friend . ) 
Doh ... I can't be mad anymore ... I am not that type of person . Sorry Comrade . 
I overeact that isn't a crime . It is a sign that I care . <3 my friends . 
IF YOU'RE BRAVE ENOUGH , POST THIS & SEE HOW PEOPLE RATE YOU ! 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : I want to date you . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : I miss you . 6 : I'd kiss you . 7 : Beautiful . 8 : Smart . 9 : Imaginative . 10 : Random . 11 : Jerk . 12 : Funny . 13 : Odd . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Tough . 16 : Cute . 17 : I'd hit you with a bus . 18 : I love you . 19 : Weirdo . 20 : Friends Forever . ;-D 
Early start ... still tired .. blah ! 
I want to go to the zoo before college starts back up . :3 
* laughs * Curse you Grace McGee and Caje Foley for making me want to punch a bunch of old guys who look the same ! I did good when no one had a weapon . 
About time for bed , look at all these eraser shavings on my bed ... I have been drawing all day I must say . 
The sound of rain tapping against my bedroom window and thunder crashing outside just makes me want to roll over and go back to bed ... at least I get to sleep in tomarrow . 
Now I draw once again 
Drawing untoned people is hard ... I had to draw a toned person than give them their body shape that way . 
Can't wait until Saturday * gazes at event in the corner * 
Having a conversation with Grace about where old punching men come from . 
Must get to the bookstore before it closes .. I am sad , I prefer Borders over Barnes & Nobles .. and now Crestview stinks ... though they still have Fridays . ^-^ 
Why are these people sitting so dang close to us in the theater we were there first . 
Whelp time for bed .. * yawns * 
* laughs * It is sad when you draw a heavier set guy and he still looks riped . His arms at least do . It's like he is working out yet pigging out at the same time . XDD 
Got my design groove back on in the Sims and discovered how to not age . Now to figure out how to move my real life nakamas into a house without playing as them . 
Blah I wanna draw . :P 
Thanks for the offer but it is my friday and my back hurts so no go . 
Going to clean the room today . 
Peeve Pet ( biggest one ): I am not a fan of people sneaking up behind me when I am drawing or on the computer . I am a very private person . So when I slam my sketchbook shut or my computer that means you have invaded my space . 
