My lip hurts :( 

I'm tired my back hurts and I'm ready for bed unsure about things and thinking I need a little me time :\\ 
Everyones wanting to kick you well ur down and shake ur hand when ur up don't worried y'all will be kissen my feet real soon 
What the fuck is everyone up to tonight 
Sometimes I just hurt .... 
Lalalalalalalalalalalalala :D 
Brake my heart bitch ill brake your face try me ! 
Ganna have fun tonight :D hope so 
Sometimes I get sad :( 
Not a fun night :( 
Y is it I'm there for anyone that needs me but when I'm hurting no oned there for me 
Well my night just got better there is nothing like going homevand having oreos and milk with ur man : D 
RIP Grandpa < PROPFIRST > I love you and miss you : ( 
We got a huka :) 
Not ganna be able to sleep so hit me up on my celly if u want to :p 5413314666 
I think I'm going to do some laundry and then take a shower and yeah idk can't really sleep :( dang :p hummm ..... 
SHUT UP TURTLE !!! 
I want to be courted , wined and dinned . Flowers and sweet talked I'm a catch and its timefor me to start acting like it :p 
Cheater cheater you had < PROPFEMALE > and couldn't keep her you fucked up though you were now who's the one who looks like the fool . Bitch ! ( By boog ) 
Dreaming once again ..... hope it never gos away . 
Dear heart please stop making thing confusing for me love < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm craving something sweet :( nothing in the house though 
My heart still brakes for the baby that could have been I would be about 7 months prego right now . mothers day shouldn't be this hard for me :( why am I still strugling with the miscarage ? 
Poem : fallen 
Fuck people if you can't say it to my face then get the fuck bent bitch ! 
I'm so hungry :( 
Finaly out of the hospital 
< PROPMALE > smoked a cig to fast and got a head high :p 
Iv been up since , well yesterday ... 
If you can't handeL it with the big dOgs then get under the portch with the pups , cus hunny this is LIFE welcome to it ! eVeronE gos throUgh it and It only gets Harder ! 
so frustrated !!!!!! hughhhhhhh 
I wish I was the Tin Man so I wouldn't have a heart to brake :( 
Im ganna start college soon ;) 
So everyone is trying to tell me what to do andd who to be with do none of you understand I'm going to do what's right on my part not what everyone else wants 
So im left at home alone with out a working phone i cant text and cant call 
Slightly pissed !!! No actually Im really Pissed ! 
1120 and hes still not home 
Hella Bored :( 
What is going on tonight ? 
Going fishing :) 
Just got up ! What's there to do today :p 
Slightly drunk :p 
Sometime things happen and there uncontrolable well its time for me to take back control of my life . 
< PROPMALE > is sick ... wish i could help i just dont know what to do :( 
You know what fuck everyone 
Go off to ur stupid boot camp and forget all about me ! God I hate men ! Wishing my life was diffrent and I want in so much pain . 
Fuck you fuck you fuck you < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Do my tears mean nothing ? 
Yawn . Just got up and I'm bored 
All today has been is just a let down : ( Could everyone just do me a favor and not contact me for a few days and if you do try i wont reply . if you need to talk to me just message me on here thanks . 
