I was the DD last night , had a blast , will post pictures later . It was fun watching everyone else act Silly . ;o ) got home by 1am ! what a night ! Best NYE ever ... 

Resting today , might go to movies , watch \Precious\ " Can't wait to see what this year will bring ! " 
Another peaceful , but freezing day in VA . Going to mall then church . 
ok so I was at the pool today and across from our seats , there were 4 new girls never seen them before , and they thought they were so CUTE !! lol I had to laugh of course , cuz THEY ARE NOT ! lol just wanted to let you all know 
Well My poor Jeep suffered another Accident .. and again , I was not driving it !! LOL < PROPMALE > is ok , and the kids - A cop witnessed the LEXUS cutting him off , so that was the good thing . My JEEP suffered a broken tail light . minor stuff 
Well after my visit with dear friends and family , It is nice to say i'm back to my jogging and chilling out ! It was like 15 days of company at the house . Cant wait to hit the clubs , and lay by the pool again ! MIssed you all . 
Went to the pool today after a long day driving to Baltimore , it was nice I took a nap , read my book on JERKS , then swam a few laps ... i missed you ladies . 
relaxed by the pool for 4 hours , then took my doggie for a 40 minute walk ! now , NAP time ! 
The Korean Food was off the Chain ! Cant wait to go back ... 
I went to my first Country Bar last nigth , even though we are in DC , oh my god ! REDNECKS everywhere ! lol we had a blast , wish i could show you all a picture of the guy wearing a Confederate Flag Tshirt ! guys with cutuoff sleeves , thight fitted jeans , and 
< PROPFEMALE > , you lucky dog ! enjoy the beach , what the heck are you doing posting on FB ? enjoy your VACA ! 
Almost Friday I know I cannot Wait , have big plans for the weekend , Clubbing , hitting the Pool all day Saturday and Country Bar !! LOL Should be fun - Girls night out ! 
Well after an AWESOME Weekend , now its time to get back and hit the pavement ! I'm going running today in this heat ! Girls , had a blast on Friday night ! Can't beleive how wild it was , and hopefully I'll remember my BB number , so i give the right number to the cute jamaican guy next time ! LOL < PROPFEMALE > , hope you are having a blast ! Ill be in PR soon , can't wait to say Goodbye to the Summer and welcome the Fall ! 
YES !! LOL 
I had a wonderful time in Puerto < PROPMALE > , even though it was a short and busy trip . Can't wait for next week !!! 
You are Mushy that's for sure ! but yes i appreciate your friendship as well , you are a very sweet girl , stay sweet ! and YES , We have to go to Puerto < PROPMALE > - The Papi's are freaking GORGEOUS !!! and Always be true to your Friends ... regardless if they dont want to hear the Truth ! ;O ) 
Well another night of great Fun ... lucky for me , I was feeling great enough for a morning run , and my good deed of the day , helping my neighbors , move a huge couch to their new Apt ! 
Saw The Final Destination 3D today , IT WAS AWESOME !! two people had to walk out , due to being a little too graphic ! this was my first movie in 3D , it was worth it ! if you have a weak stomach , don't go , wait for it on DVD . 
Yes , I have to take < PROPFEMALE > for a walk he has 2 lbs to go ! Great , Bootcamp will be more fun if someone else is there suffering and feeling the same PAIN as me ! 
boy that sucks !! 
Ok , our 2 hour workout today was a killer ! I need a NAP ! 
Had a nice relaxing Sunday , Went for a long walk along some trails and came back to the pool for some sun . 
Getting ready to go TDY-had a great night at the LUX as always . A little sore from Bootcamp class . 
Another Fun weekend in DC , it was crazy ! 
Tired , < PROPFEMALE > left to TN , this morning , spent all day at the mall yesterday just talking and having girl time , sure are going to miss her ;o ( 
Long Day today , had to take my dog to the Vet , found out he has allergies ! that is too funny to me ! 
Saw Law Abiding Citizen !! It was Awesome ! two sexy men , fighting the justice system ! Loved it ! 
TGIF !!! this has been a crazy week . Cant wait for some fun w/ the girls tonight ! @ LUX Lounge !!! 
Bored today , just planning to hit the treadmill and watch my fav . show . \the Big bang theory \"" 
Going to club LIMA in DC for some Free Salsa Lessons ! Can't wait ... 
Well the Salsa Lessons were OK , too much touching w/ the Geek Squad ! did not like it at all , i only lasted like 10 minutes ! LOL but i did enjoy the open bar ! 
Ready for the weekend ... going to lux , then Watching SAW 6 , then dressing up for Halloween as a Vampire ! 
In < PROPFIRST > , nice weather , but still need to catch up on sleep , from Saturday ! had a blassstttt for halloween !! can't wait till next year ! 
In Salt Lake City , nice weather 65 degrees ... Can't wait to get back to DC , LUX on Friday !!! 
Back In DC ! getting a pedi/ mani today , getting ready for the weekend ! 
TGIF !!!! 
Saw Christmas < PROPFIRST > the movie ... pretty cool in 3D ! 
Planning to relax and enjoy my day off tomorrow , Happy Veterans Day ! 
Going to the LUX Tonight !!! Can't wait , showing my little married brother a good time , then Tomorrow taking my Sister-in law out to NICKS ! 
went Sightseeing today , nice weather , now tired .... 
feeling a little better , but a little sad , brother , niece , newphew and mom left my apt is back to being quiet , sure miss them rugrats ! :-( 
Can't wait to eat some TURKEY , then LUX Baby !!! 
Glad to be back from my long out of country trip ! lost my luggage , but it was all worth it . ill post pictures later ... trying to get back to a normal time zone . 
Slept for 5 hours today , feel better , now going to LUX ... Can't wait to party w/ da girls .. 
Had another fun night ! going to my office christmas party , cruising the Potomac River ... should be fun ..... : 0 ) 
Pulled a muscle on my back , walking around like an 80yearl old woman ! lol hope the drugs kick in soon ... hate this .. 
Slept for 12hours last night ! feel much better ... those were some good drugs !! ;o ) 
WOW , Friday Again ... can't wait for the weekend ... LUX baby !! 
WOW What a night ! it was fun , but got a little too drunk . Not drinking like that again ! 
Going to a christmas party , then Dinner w/ the Girls ! 
Catching up w/ < PROPFEMALE > till WED ! Did some Damage last night at the Mall , did not know it was opened till 11pm all week !!! 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > , laughed for hours about stories from our past ... 
Going to the PARK w/ < PROPFEMALE > ... Love their Food and Appletini's 
Staying in ... Winter storm coming , drinking some cosmos ' and watching Queens of Comedy !!! 
It is still snowing outside ! staying inside playing w/ my new Kindle ! 
it's so pretty outside ! the morning after the storm . lol 
Saw the movie AVATAR ... Awesome ! 
Got Jeep dugged out and getting ready for my trip - < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my friends .. TTYL 
I'm in Iraq .. staying in one of Saddam's palaces , took pictures , will post when i get back .. very gotti .. lol 
Slept over 10 hours last night , feel so much better , well heading up North today , < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY .. hope you get some good gifts .. I did !!! ;o ) 
Back in DC , going through some mail , laundry then taking a nap ! ill post pictures later .. miss you all 
slept from 730pm to 130am . Going to work half a day , then hopefully sleep some more ! 
Watching the Best Ranger competition ... on the military channel . Their challenges are crazy ! ( Can't sleep ) 0520 
Going to Work then shopping for a New Years < PROPFEMALE > Dress ! 
got home from work at 2pm and slept till 7pm ! too tired to go shopping ... yes , i said it ... too tired to go shopping !! 
slept all day Monday , feel better , now ready to go shopping ! LOL and ready for NYE !! 
Getting ready for a little get together at my place . Hosting my first party ! lucky for them , < PROPFEMALE > cooked everything , i bought the Drinks !!! 
We had a blast , played a game called Catch a phrase .. < PROPFEMALE > and I are unstopable !!! LOL 
Happy New Year to all my DIVAS ! Bring on 2010 .... 
Happy new year everyone . On my way to party In DC !!! Open bar tonight . Lol 
Having a nice day , kicking it w/ the girls , laughing about last night and watching SEX IN THE CITY all episodes !! Making Gumbo for dinner !! 
I've Been watching Season 5 of Desperate Housewives ! love it !! yes , all 24 episodes !! 
back at work , MAN It's cold in DC !!! start my new PT Program !! Can't wait ! 
It is so darn COLD ! I can't wait for summer ! 
Ok can't decide , Love them Both !! need help , A or B ( B is the bottom one ) 
OMG , went to Bootcamp last night .. I am so feeling it this morning ! 
starting my weekend early , off tomorrow !! 
Watching Tough Love with the Girls ... 
Going to Bootcamp !! Can't wait !! 
< PROPMALE > is in town , going out , Saw book of < PROPMALE > , it was awesome !!! 
Getting home at 3AM , < PROPMALE > got DRUNK ! even got sick ! lol but we all had a great time !!!! 
Saw Avatar 3D , Again .. . love it ! 
Its Raining , very gloomy day ! 
on my way to Seattle !! should be fun 
Nice weather in Seattle , went to the MARKET , fresh fish all over and fresh fruit . 
one more night in Settle , weather is great , conference ... too long ! 
my last night in Seattle , got mani and massage done .. it feels great !! Back in DC Friday !! Can't wait ! 
nice day today , going for a long walk , movies then Lux BABY !! 
took Nik for a 1 1/2 hour walk !!! He did great !! poor little guy , he is a little pudgy right now , working on his new exercise program . 
Long Week , ready to dance the night away and drink a few martinis w/ the girls ... getting ready to celebrate my BDAY all month BABY !! LMAO 
Watching my fav . show , the Tudos , very cold outside , snowing in DC . ;o ( 
about to snow here again !! sucks ! I just hope it doesnt snow this weekend , planning to party hard !! 
OMG , went to see some wild , sexy male dancers last nigth at LEGENDS in MD . I was like a kid in a < PROPFEMALE > store !! loved it ! Can't wait to go back ... wont tell how much money i spent .. but oh was it worht it !! lmao 
It's snowing like crazy !! sucks ... so much for partying this weekend for my BDAY ! 
http://www.BirthdayAlarm.com/Card/48056984a7745925 check this bday card .. its funny ! 
it finally stopped snowing ! it snowed over 25 inches !!! I bet we dont go to work Monday ! what a boring Bday ! 
Another Boring day , this sucks !! 
no work today and i still cant dig my jeep out ! lol 
I Cant wait for this coming weekend , partying Thursday till Sunday !!! since we have monday off , then off to Miami to see PAPI .. lol 
This weather is awlful ... i think i'm suffering from Cabin Fever !!! 
No work tomorrow .. another day locked up in the house ! sucks ... 
< PROPFEMALE > outside , cant wait hope to get out of the house ... 
Relaxing after a fun nite !! laughed and dance so much my abs and legs are sore ! 
Happy Valentines Day !!! 
Back to Work Tuesday ... only one more day , the off to MIAMI for VACA !!! 
Back to work , Still SICK .. had a fun time in Miami , even though i was sick the entire time . 
TGIF !! 
had a wonderful time at LUX- like always , walked 3 < PROPMALE > w < PROPFEMALE > ... poor baby he was so tired !!! lol 
Got new hair cut today , went shopping , now at home .. cant wait to watch the movie \Precious \"" 
Saw PRECIOUS .. Man that movie was so so SAD !!!! You all have to watch it ! 
Back in DC From BOSTON , not impressed .. at all . 
Chilling this Sunday . Next weekend , < PROPFEMALE > and Jaden will be here ! ( 3 and 4year old ) my first easter w/ them cant wait to take them shopping for their easter basket ... NO ! no coloring eggs ... lol too messy 
ON Wed , i went to the Whitehouse for a tour , it was awesome !!! 
Took < PROPFEMALE > and Jaden to see the Easter < PROPFEMALE > ... all by myself ! It was an experience ... then shopping , for some play clothes .. 
Went for a 6 mile Jog today , it was awesome !! weather was so awesome !! 80's baby ! 
Weather is so nice !!! Can't wait till LUX on Friday , and dance w/ < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
So < PROPFIRST > was a no show but we had so much fun at the LUX Anyway !!! pictures will follow .... 
Went to Mount < PROPFIRST > Trail , historic sites of < PROPFIRST > Washington , didnt have enough time to go to the Mansion ... it was awesome , cant wait to go back and finish all the other sites . 
Saw movie Why did I get married too , it was awesome !!! very nice twist at the end ... you all must go ! 
Going for another run , then taking my dog for long walk , then Doggy Park and mingle w/ the neighbors 
Going to Boot Camp -well to the AB Workout only - Ill run before that ... lol 
Going for a run , then ready to go to the LUX baby !! Can't wait , its been a long week ! 
NO Lux , we decided to stay in , drink wine and watch movies . just us girls !! 
Went for a 7 mile run today , then movies \death in a funeral\ " too funny !! now getting ready for LUX !! " 
Visiting FT Eustis ... love it down here , so nice , hoping to go to VA Beach tomorrow and hit the Williamsburg's Outlets !! 
Back home- Visit w/ niece and nephew ends .. get my apt back to just me and my dog !! lmao the peace and quietness of single life :o ) 
Took my Army Physical Fitness Test ( APFT ) , scored 275 out of 300 ! I guess now i can enjoy one juicy , and greasy cheeseburger ! FIVE GUYS Here I come !! ;o ) 
I will be leaving to < PROPMALE > this weekend , see Mom ! ;O ) 
Back from < PROPMALE > , Got my Niece's ears piereced , that was an adventure !! it was great hanging w/ mom for 3 days .. but glad to be back home 
Happy Mothers Day to all my beautiful friends that are mothers ... 
Got my new Iphone today !! Luv it 
Going out tonight back to the LUX , after 3 Weeks , gosh i hope the bouncers remember us , and we dont have to stand in line like the common folk !! LMAO : 0 ) 
Went to Lux . We cut the line lol but the dj sucked ! We left by 1230am !!!! Have to find new < PROPFEMALE > out . On my way to ATL 
Went to lux , we walked right in Lmao . It was a bad night . Dj sucked . Oh well . On my way to hot Atlanta !!! 
In hot Atlanta ! Nice weather but cant wait to get back home !!!!! Party w da girls friday night 
On my way home today !!!! 
Going to The Park on 14th street No lux tonite . Need a change of club scene . 
Had fun last night went to lux and the park ! now going for a long run ! Burn off the drinks ; 0 ) 
Ran six < PROPMALE > today feel great ! then off to Smoothy < PROPMALE > for dinner . Yummy 
TGIF !! Well , not really Friday , but Ill be off for the next 4 days , and my PAPI is coming this weekend !! yeah !! 
Doing sex on the city movie tonight . W da girls !!! 
Sex in the City 2 Was awesome !! 
Relaxing by da pool today , before < PROPFIRST > grlets here today ! ; 0 ) 
Had a nice day walking DC 
Went to pool today for four hours !! Feeling the burn now . PAPI back in Miami . Had a great time . 
Chillin going to vegg out infront of tv 
getting pedi/mani done today and hopefully VA Beach Bound Tomorrow night !! 
Got my Irobot -Roomba today .. its so cool !! love it . totally cleans under the bed , and other hard to reach spots . best part , < PROPFEMALE > doesnt bark or chases it !! 
Just got done running 6 < PROPMALE > in 90 degree .. felt GOOD !!!! now back at work , and then VA BEACH Baby !!!! 
At VA Beach . It's a < PROPFEMALE > day !!!!! 
Back in DC , rain , rain and more rain ... But Hey < PROPFEMALE > is in town , catching up with my BFF !!! 
OMG , just ran 8 < PROPMALE > ! almost got sick at the end of the run ! now back to work , feel like taking a nap ! 
Eating salvadorian food for dinner . So good . 
Going to Baltimore for dinner w da girls 
In salt lake city . It's chilly and raining . Think I'm gettin sick ; 0 ( hate it 
Flying back to DC !! can't wait to see my baby !! ( 4 legged baby ) lol 
Home sweet home . Made it right at midnight . 
It's Official . I'm sick w 100 Temp . Resting all day . Throat is killing me . 
Still sick ! But heading out to Kansas city this thursday see family . 
Hanging out by the pool back from Kansas City . 
Feeling better ran 6 < PROPMALE > yesterday and today just hitting the gym . Can't wait for Friday going to Lux !!! It is been over a month !! 
OMG it's hot , ran 4 < PROPMALE > during lunch ... Love this weather , as long as doesnt rain and lose power 
Chilling by the pool today . It's 99 degrees today . 
Brother w/ Kids visiting till WED !! fun , fun ;o ) 
Bath time became interesting when my dog jumped in the bath to be with the kids lol . 
Watching ECLIPSE tonight ! off tomorrow then OFF to Miami for a WEEK !! 
Just got done running 6 < PROPMALE > . Found new route from < PROPMALE > memorial to Arlington cemetary back to mt < PROPFIRST > trail !! 
Miami bound !! Hope it's not raining all week like it says on weather.com lol . 
Happy 4th of July !!! Lets remember this day and all of out fallen Heroes . Lets not take our freedom for granted . 
I'm finally in Miami beach y'all!!! Water is warm and a cloudy day . But is nice 
Found the outlet mall in < PROPMALE > baby !! Gonna do some dammage !! Last night went to a new restaurant first nigh open and they had No Martinis , so We left after a vodka and cranberry 
Heading back to Miami . < PROPMALE > was fun went of Changs last night . My first time . Loved it . Have plenty of leftover . Best part . They had apple martinis !!! Lol . 
At south beach Miami . Restaurant called the Carlyle . Sittin outside enjoying the mojito and view ; 0 ) 
Chillin at home today . Just watching my recorded < PROPFIRST > springer lmao 
Going for a run then pool A nice chill weekend . 
< PROPFIRST > new hair cut !! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s new haircut 
Found an old picture in Dec 1990 . With my best friends and brother < PROPMALE > 
going to LEGENDS tonight !! Cant wait !!!!! No cameras allowed , so no photos :o ( 
What a better day to break up with your BF then the day of you and your girls are going to see MALE STRIPPERS !! LOL it is on !!! 
Legends was awesome !!! 3 hours and 12 sexy dancers . Now Wednesday is hump day !! lol 
Brother w/ niece and Newphew are on their way !! can't wait to see them and hear them say < PROPFEMALE > this , < PROPFEMALE > that ... lol 
Going out to DC clubbing on a Friday night . Can't wait . It has been at least 3 weeks 
OMG had such a blast last night !! Can't wait to go back !! 
just got home , been at the pool for 7 hours !! need a nap ! 
Guess what ? Just got me a M350 < PROPFEMALE > Benz !!! Pictures will follow . 
Tonight I went to Dinner at the Woman's Memorial Museum at the Arlington Cemetery . GEN ( RET ) Shisenkie was there and some other members of congress , it was awesome to see devote a dinner for Women Veterans , and hear stories from retired Female Generals . It was AWESOME .. . and very humbling . 
On my way to Indianapolis . Be back tomorrow to party w da girls . Can't wait !!! Going to camp atterbury . Not so nice . 
On my way home !! Going to a wine tasting party then LUX . It was nice seeing you Destria !! 
Ran 6 < PROPMALE > today , love running the MT < PROPFIRST > trail to DC and Back ... so relaxing . then went to see Cats and Dogs movie w/ my Niece and Newphew . very cute !! 
At the pentagon all today for meetings . ( boring ) looking fwd to Thursday . Going to The Park on 14th street a nice chill club then VA beach and Bush gardens . Can't wait . 
Just got done running 6 < PROPMALE > during lunch , and made a date w/ a hottie !!! lmao \ 
LIFE IS GOOD !! leaving to VA Beach tonight !!! girls weekend !! 
On my way back to DC , nice relaxing weekend ! Went to bush gardens , outlets , mall and the beach had some awesome Crab legs . Life is good ! 
It's hump day !!! Can't wait for the weekend !! 
On my way to ATL . Weather not helping . Flight delayed already . Sucks . 
On my way home and go to my apt complex pool party last year it was awesome . Hope it's the same today . 
It's Monday . : 0 ( Can't wait for Friday !! lmao 
Checking out a new club . International night tonight . Hope is good . Can't wait to do some Bachata and reggeton . ; 0 ) 
What a long week , so much happening , can't wait to just chill out with the Girls at our favorite spot THE LUX ... lol then lay out by pool this weekend . LIFE IS GOOD 
Chilling by the pool today . 
Four day weekend coming up !! Can't wait , will hit DC for some sight seeing , < PROPMALE>'s mall and the outlets . then a nice cookout with friends - LIFE IS GOOD . 
went to National Cathedral on Friday , very beautiful church , over 20 stories high , 10 stories inside , took 83 years to build .. 
Saturday went to National Harbor .. got a little headache after boat ride , but it was worth it . 
Going for a six mile jog before we go to Cook out today !! I already know I'm pigging out so now I can eat guilt free . Lol 
Took Nik for a three mile run/walk instead . Lol here he is . Worn out 
Started my two college classes today . A lot of reading to do !!!! 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > to the Vet today . He won't be happy lol . I trick him , we walk the isles of petsmart first pick a bone pay for it then walk next door to Vet office lol 
I had to leave him there . Be back for him in one hour . He is getting the works !!! Poor baby he is going to be p.o !! 
Here he is enjoying his treat 
Going Out to the lux . Can't wait . Get to see my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > before he goes on deployment 
Had a fun and relaxing weekend , now back to the real world . 
Taking a road trip this weekend to somewhere inPennsylvania ... With my Girl < PROPFEMALE > !! Can't wait , never been in < PROPFEMALE > before . 
So after my jog at lunch and then a work out with weights . I deserve some yummy salvadorean food at my favorite restaurant . Lol . < PROPFEMALE > goood . If I could cook like this I would be in trouble . Lol 
I am now in < PROPFEMALE > 
Up for a morning walk , since I forgot my running shoes . Look at that view 
Going for a walk along twin lakes . Since I forgot my running shoes 
At a wedding in < PROPFEMALE > . People dancing to a song named \save a horse ride a cowboy ! \ " . Too cute " 
Cant wait for this weekend , ill be going to NYC !!! 
Made it to the bronx ! Walking to corner for a slice of pizza . Yummy 
Went to manhattan for our 5k cancer walk then went to central station , then times square now back home . Feel like I walked for eternity 
On my way back to DC . I had a blast . 
Check out my NY photos . 
Only Tuesday .... gosh , can't wait for the weekend .. 
Just got done w/ homework and Quiz , got a 100% on my quiz , finally , after I failed one two weeks ago ! lol 
Hey Fellow Soldiers , please look for < PROPFIRST > Thompson CCWO AR < PROPFEMALE > and click the LIKE button ... lets put the word out !! lol he is on my LIKES 
Just got done running 8 < PROPMALE > . Awesome weather today in DC . Now running errands then October fest BBQ Yummy . 
After all that awesome food I have to go to bed early on a Saturday night too tired to go out ;o ( 
Weekend is over ! Looking fwd this short week ! Then going to kings dominion next sat for fright night with some cool peeps . 
Bought my tickets for Kings Dominion this weekend !! Can't wait , going for the Fright night Halloween event !! 
Four day weekend , yay !!! Gonna try to run 10 < PROPMALE > on Friday . Hope I make it my pt test is next Wed !!!! 
Staying in tonight , resting up for a run then kings dominion freight night !! Can't wait 
In phoenix this weekend . Weather is awesome . 90 degrees . Love it . 
After a long weekend , I'm back home . So nice to sleep in your own bed , even though I am trying to get use to the time zone change ! heading to NY on Thursday then hopefully all you can eat crab fest with the girls !! :O ) 
Just got me a new toy . Got me an IPad for school and personal biz lol 
went to the Army Ten miler for 3rd time .. it was awesome !! got some good goodies , no I did not run this year , maybe next ! 
watch the video of people dancing cupid shuffle , at the finish line ! 
What a week ! Can't wait . Fri night . LUX baby !! 
omg my head hurts this morning !! lmao too much Grand Marnier w/ cranberry !! Had fun , even went to IHOP afterwards . :o ) 
now , I will try to go run 6 < PROPMALE > , I just hope I dont get sick . :o ) 
Just got done w final of one of my college classes . Glad is over . Now I can enjoy watching < PROPMALE > and Desperate Housewives 
About to watch Saw 6 !!! Love it . 
It's raining . ; 0 ( 
Nice fall day today in VA . About to go for 6mile run during my lunch hour . ; 0 ) 
Ok so I wimped out . Only ran 4 . Too cold running by river ; 0 ) 
Going to see For color girls today . I heard is awesome . I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > movies . 
OMG Saw For Colored Girls . Awesome . Very moving . Then saw Due Date I can't remember when I laughed so hard it's funny . 
Happy Veterans day to all the vets 
Cant wait for Friday ... this week has been a crazy one . 
The movie \Unstoppable \ " is awesome !! It's a must see !!! Heading out to Nashville Tomorrow .. can't wait !!! I'm having my niece and nephew open all of their Christmas presents since I won't be there for Xmas ... can't wait will post pictures later !! " 
Hitting the road to Nashville . 
Just had a nice meal w the fam and < PROPMALE > a HS friend haven't seen him in 20 yrs !!! Lol 
My 4 yr old niece playing w the IPAD . that's why I got them one for Xmas . They are total naturals on it . 
Eating at Famous Daves BBQ . Check < PROPFEMALE > tear that corn on the cob 
Ready for another work week . Had a fun leave in Nashville . But that is a long drive !!! Will fly next time . Lol 
Its Friday !! 
Is Sunday ! Went to a 2 hour Zumba class it was a lot of fun . Then church now dinner w friends . Life is good 
the photo below says \Dear < PROPFEMALE > Bring me what I want for Christmas or Prancer and Dancer are next . \ " lol " 
It's Friday and I have a cold ! sucks ! well at least i have alot of shows recorded on my DVDR ... specailly < PROPFIRST > SPRINGER ! It cracks me up !!! 
I'm at the army pharmacy and some civilians are singing Christmas songs . Aaawww I hate that . Lol . Yeah I know Im the grinch's baby he never knew about . Lol . I hate christmas music or people sing it . 
Got Accepted for the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s 10 Miler ! Cant Wait !! 
It is 3 degrees- With the wind . OMG 
Its snowing !! Can't wait to get home and just chill . watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !! lmao 
OMG had a blast at the Office Christmas party , trying to stay awake now ... till we get released ! 
Just got home from our Christmas party we were cruising the river in the Washington DC Spirit ! 
On our way to another two christmas parties . Life is good !!! 
As of today i'm going on a 3 day diet !! lol We had so much food at both parties that we were so full , we weren't even drinking !! lmao all i wanted to do was get home and sleep ! man ive never eaten so much in my life ... glad i'm running that ten miler .. or else I would be in trouble ! 
Hey just turned in my final exam for Social Psychology !! I'm done w/ school till 3 < PROPFIRST > . 
Watching a soldiers story on CNN . Pretty cool stories of some of our young soldiers going through war and basic training . 
Just bought my New Years ticket for LUX !! Website is working !!! You that are going to go website and get your ticket ! 
Last day at work , Going on Leave to < PROPMALE > , CO tomorrow for 5 days !! Nope I wont ski , just < PROPFEMALE > out w/ mom and eat some awesome Salvadorian food , will worry about PT when i get back !! :O ) 
Look what < PROPFEMALE > brought me !! My own keurig !!! 
Hey I'm logged in via iPad 30000 feet flying to < PROPMALE > . Gotta love technology 
Made it to moms now enjoy some home cooked meals and get spoiled Lol 
< PROPMALE > Navidad !! Weather in < PROPMALE > is nice . Mid 40'S no snow . Very < PROPFEMALE > ! 
On my way home tomorrow . Was sick all day today w tummy ache . Think eating all that food got me . 
On my way to airport . Hope flights to dc are not canceled !!! 
Well my flight to ATL is good to go , let's hope my flight to DC is also gtg !!!! Having a light breakfast now . After being sick yesterday can't risk it . Lol 
Now in in ATL and my 320 flight is canceled !! Trying to find out more info . 
In ATL Got the 520 flight , my 320 was cancelled . Now just waiting to board . 
I just landed !!! Yay 
I want to wish all my FB friends a Happy New Year . 2011 watch out !! ; 0 ) 
heading out to < PROPMALE > for a few days .. can't wait- TDY not all fun !! lol 
What a week . In ready for a day off . 
65degrees in < PROPMALE > today !! ' 
Back home , just chilling listening to some old jamz , cleaning house and doing Psychology homework !! LIFE IS GOOD . Going to Spanish Mass Later . 
It is very cold in the DC VA area . Hope we don't get hit w the snow storm ; 0 ( 
Hey verizon users . Have you heard ? IPhones will be with verizon starting this week !! Now ATT has competition . 
It's snowing !! We were released at 2 !! 
It's pretty chilly here today but the snow is gone for now !! Cant wait < PROPMALE > ( brother ) will be here tomorrow to celebrate his bday . 
Walking around DC like a tourist in the cold!' lol 
< PROPMALE > is < PROPMALE > Drunk !! lmao . Tradition continues . Lol 1224am . 
Not having a good day . My precious dog is at the vet . He went to doggy daycare and came back sick . They are keeping him all day and run Blood work . Not my fav thing 
Oh yeah < PROPMALE > is < PROPMALE > over . Lmao he was hugging the toilet for 2 hours last night . Lol no I did not take pictures . I'm a nice sister ; 0 ) 
< PROPFEMALE > is home . see his battle wound ? Has a follow up next Friday . They don't know what is wrong . But he seems almost back to normal self 
Just finished watching the movie MACHETE !! It was funny as heck . 
Had a fun weekend w little brother . Now have to get ready for school work and work . Fun fun ps my dog is doing better . Thank u to those that stood by listening to my whining . 
Gonna start doing px90 workout today . Lol see how tough that Is I'll let you know later . ;o ) 
Ok , I've done two workouts of the PX90 , its awesome ! feel it on every inch of my body !! lol 
Going on Week 2 of P90X !!! pretty cool stuff , YES , Still hurts 
On my way back from < PROPFEMALE > Beach . Very cold , but it was nice to see , hear and smell the ocean . ; 0 ) 
Monday we start 3rd week of p90x 
Ran 6 < PROPMALE > this morning beautiful weather outside ! Low 40 but not < PROPFEMALE > . 
Going to LUX tonight . Pre bday celebration can't wait . 
Thank you guys !! Just getting home went to fast eddies . It was Latino night . My feet ate killing me !! We danced for 4 freaking hours . Who doesn't love reggeton and bachatas . \ 
I had a blast . Now I can just chill on my bday . 
Thank you all for the wishes . It was a nice day . Now back to reality . My 4th week of p90x ! 
It's Friday !!! ; 0 ) 
We are at the famous DC cupcakes . This is the line to get in !!!! Lol these better be good 
Just ran 6 < PROPMALE > lol had to after eating two DC cupcakes 
Happy Valentines to all my Girlfriends !! Girlpower !! :o ) 
Doing my 5 th week of P90x ! Omg im hurting !! Lol 
for those that have been mobilized and stationed at the FOBs . This will make sense of their stupid rules . Lol . 
Just saw UKNown it was awesome . 
The movie the mechanic with < PROPFIRST > Stathman is awesome ! No dumb luv story . Just great fighting n shooting scenes !! Lol I don't like chick flicks . Can u tell ; 0 ) 
At movies . About to watch Hall pass . Hope is funny 
Went to cheesecake factory and did not like my meal ! Very disappointed I was good though , I left the cheesecake alone ! 
So I got my first flat tire . Lol hit a curb . I have to leave the donut on till my tire comes in on Wed . I am not driving it anywhere !! Looks so sad lol 
I got my car back to normal . Lol 
Had fun at Happy hour tonight ! Fun times at club Babylon lol 
On my way . Home sweet home . It sucks traveling when you are sick ! 
Just bought my ticket for my puerto rican vacation !!! Is done I'm going . Lol can't wait . Our all girls trip no boys allowed . ( till we get to island of course . ) Lmao . 
Just saw Rango with my niece and nephew . Very cute but too long !! Lol 
Taking the fam to the pentagon for lunch ! 
Happy St < PROPFIRST > day ! Too bad I can't join in on the drinking . Gave it up for lent ! 
Panera for dinner !! Love the Greek salad . Is the best . 
On my way to louisville , KY ! Can't wait to be back Sunday lol . 
Actual moonshine from KY !!! 
Hey I won a AUSA watch that was being raffled at conference 
Heading back home !!! Weather here in KY is nice . Military ball was very entertaining . They had a comedian at the dining out . Very funny . 
Just landed in DC . Long day just traveling 
Going for a run 
According to my nike+ I ran 5 < PROPMALE > in 51:48 minutes !! Not bad . Now I have double that in 2 weeks !! lol 
So this is a phot from last TDY trip , 
Going to kickboxing class tonight @ LA boxing in arlington VA !! Lol . can't wait . Got one free class . Of course I will check out the hotties then decide to sign up !! Lol I mean I will see how strenuous of a workout it is then sign up . 
Ok I bought a one year membership . That one hour was a killer !! I loved it reminded me of basic training and WOCS ! I got pink gloves !! 
On my way to Kingstown NY !! Be back tomorrow and party at the LUX . Can't wait 
Going to one meeting then airport !! 
Made wrong turn . Ended up driving on this bridge lol . 13.00 on tolls !! 
Going to a martial arts class . Lol cant wait !! Kickboxing was a lot of fun . Hope this one is too ! This one is 90 minutes long . At least I have the weekend to re coupe lol 
Omg the mall was CROWDED ! Got some cute shoes and Yankee candles . Now do some homework before going out dancing tonight ! 
Just getting home from fast eddies . Got to punch a guy on his back for trying to grab my friends booty !! Ha ! I enjoyed punching him . !! He didn't say s !!! 
Went to church now just chill , study and get ready for the work week . No TDY this week ! 
Went to kickboxing and had energy to run for 30 Minutes after class ! Now I'm ready to pass out ! I guess drinking some 5 hour shot does work !!! Lol 
WHAT A DAY ! Can't wait to get Pedi done , go home and do NOTHING ! 
We are at vet foe yearly check up . He lost 2lbs from last visit in < PROPFIRST > when he got sick ! Check out his pix 
It's Friday !! I'm staying in tonight , but tomorrow is The Park for a hairshow till 10 then LUX baby !! 
In DC picking up my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > run stuff . 
On my to Atl but for a long conference no time for fun , the weather is suppose to be nice and i will be inside in a conference room ; 0 ( 
This is our view from rest having lunch . Weather Is nice Bueford , GA 
