is going to watch the most epic episode of < PROPFEMALE > ever ... again 

my girlfriend just gave me permission to start poking her best friend 
14 hours of < PROPMALE > potter ... i rule 
i need someone to live with me for a month ... any takers 
wedding saturday ... chicago monday ... hazaa summer is almost over 
is showing cassara where the \real world\ " is . " 
fallout expansion ... aliens ... done 
< PROPFIRST > needs a ride home from the burbank airport tomorrow about 2 ... any takers 
found a ride hooray 
is in the process of shopping ... ithaca ... boston ... or sc 
dayman ... ah ah ahhhhhhh ... fighter of the nightman ... ah ah ahhhhh 
sleep schedule adjustment in progress 
is back ... back again ... < PROPFIRST > is back ... tell a friend 
hooray for berfday wishes on this most solemn of days ... the first anniversary of my 21st birthday 
what if ... i were to attain a career with the muppets 
just realized ... that since ive worked at the \LITTLE THEATER\ " ... my theaters have gotten smaller " 
its amazing what inspires me ... ive spent the last three hours studying for an audition next thursday ... an open call for survivor 
ive decided to write a book ... 39 Days or How I Survived Survivor 
its time to light this place up 
so she says to me \i can see why girls like you but then i think to myself they wouldn't be able handle all of your flaws\ " ... i feel so loved " 
this city doesnt need superheroes , what this city needs is more cops , and a hooters 
has finally met his arch nemisis ... Nocturnal Echolocating Mammal Man 
is typing this status on his computer ... it feels good to say that 
and now to get it on paper 
i ate a dozen eggs over the course of the day ... proud moment 
after an afternoon with < PROPFIRST > at tommys i have one question ... how long is the statute of limitations in this country cuz i got a screenplay to write 
go back to < PROPFEMALE > ya british wop 
just won my first game of monopoly 
so many movies to study ... bahhhhh 
< PROPFIRST > is going to start saving up for school ... now to decide on my school ... Second City or The Upright Citizens Brigade 
wants to take some oc kids to see the watchers 
this is it 
im gonna make it happen 
is gonna miss the mouse 
mexican rice plus refried beans plus tapatio equals mexican stuffing 
Calling all yucaipa little theater kids i need to know every show between suessical 05 and < PROPMALE > Sawyer 07 
i hate losing the game 
is finally at the point that he can't include all the plays he's done on his resume ... SCORE 
im good in my song choices ... i can sing better then all of the kids on youtube 
every cloud has a silver lining ... sometimes you just have to figure out the difference between silver and grey 
boo for my lack of wrestlemania 
after two long days of roller coasters , stunt tumbling , < PROPFIRST > McCartney , and hundreds of job apps it is time for plants vs . zombies ... HAZAAA 
anyone got a truck and a place to crash 
my third story apartment is still swaying 
sometimes i just need to be told what to do 
is getting ready for the push 
boo job hunting ... anyone want to give me money in exchange for goods or services 
wwe if you fuck this up ive given up on you ... thank you for making me anxiously await a show for the first time in ten years 
in washington ... i can see it 
wow this weekend has been all over the place on the upside i got a job ... two in fact but alas i had to turn one down 
just finished a solo non stop drive from seattle ... damn 
fuck it 
i never thought i'd say this ... but i miss my union 
narrowly avoided a situation at a starbucks , today obesity saved me alot of time and energy 
the birds outside are teaching themselves to tweet like car alarms ... its friggen awesome 
hey kids guess whose heading to the DL on thursday ... THIS GUY !!! 
its amazing how one day can change all of your plans 
cannot wait until september ... watch out oc im back ... one way or the other 
watching ecw's most violent matches with cabrina ... haha 
oh dear i found the y hawk picture 
spending my days in the yao guai tunnels ... make it september already 
im getting multiple friend request from people who work with people i know from disney ... but i never actually worked with them , so ive come to one of two conclusions either A ) these are just odd people ... or B ) im so cool my friends at disney are making people want to be my friend 
i have the next week off ... im thinking a beach trip ... whose with me 
BEACH TODAY WHOSE COMING ... LET ME KNOW I GOTS MY NUMBER LISTED HERE ON FACEPLACE 
i go out of my way to say good morning and all i get is a moan ... FUCK YOU TOO BITCH 
happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ... someday all that exporing will pay off just start listening to that map of yours ... ignore the monkey 
ahhhhhhhhh the last week of wrestling ... mind = blown 
' s getting back on the vegetarian kick 
hey disney kids i needs to gets me a sign in for the weekend of the 28th anybody who can help me out please let me know 
as i look through old family albums i realize ... i lost some of my favorite clothes 
this whole looking for a job thing ... it needs to start working 
i could listen to heenan talk all day 
working on guard card training online ... hooray for things to put on applications 
... awkward 
craving the most random promo i have in a long time ... and i cant find it anywhere ... damn you internet for failing me 
just finished 20 hours worth of training in just over 3 hours ... damn im good 
times are a changin 
today is a good day not one but two great job leads 
request a one of your weekends in october off cause this guy is busting out some Wonka 
ima kill this script 
is pregnant . 
cassaras in the air ... the 3 month countdown begins 
hooray for a 2-0 start 
... that about sums it up 
would like to thank Disney for the much needed push out of the nest ... i dont need you , i never needed you , and im going to prove myself without you 
i like it in my trunk 
i found out yesterday that i ad libbed Shakespeare ... i dont remember doing that but it definitely sounds like something i would do 
NACHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOS !!!! 
so as of late ive seen the ftw used two different ways ... one im familiar with \fuck the world\ " ... and one i was recently introduced to \ " for the win\ " ... what is the proper use of ftw " 
i know ive posted this status before ... but it is the best for my self esteem when i find out that not only me .. but the entire cast is better then everyone on youtube 
Wonka is pwning the little theater 
... that is all 
But there are no cats in < PROPFEMALE > and the streets are paved with cheese 
this is wierd , its much worse then i feared , i'll close my eyes and make it disappear 
vote early and vote often 
hooray the crazy bitch lost ... now i can go back to watching wrestling the way i like it ... TV-MA 
you ever have fate just slap you in the face ... no ... in a good way 
my plan at the beginning of the day was to thank each person individually for the birthday wishes ... but there are a shit ton of you ... so thank you all very much for remembering this awesome day that was the birth of the marines ... sesame ... and of course the greatest to ever be born on November the 10th ... the < PROPFEMALE > of \Uptown Girl\ " and \ " 8 Mile\ " the late great < PROPFEMALE > Murphy " 
... it was the soul patch ... totally the soul patch 
\You pretend you're someone you're not 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . The Order brings Unity , the Death Eaters continue to < PROPMALE > division and hatred . 57-ish students and citizens died in the terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of people won't repost this . Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army . 
i fail at braaains 
poking spree ... complete 
is it bad that im really starting to appreciate < PROPFEMALE > montana ... the tv show at least 
i miss twitching 
im just gonna forget you said that ... Zach Briggs ( Click ) HIDE !!! 
31 hours and counting without a blink ... hooray black friday 
hmmmm ... i think i might do this 
this is a reminder to myself to check when i get up tomorrow ... you know who you need to contact ... j u ... so text em ... like and comment this to help me not forget 
so after finishing the classes ... um 3 months ago ... my guard card is in the mail ... whoot 
PLEASE CHANGE YOUR PROFILE PICTURE TO YOUR FAVORITE CARTOON CHARACTER FROMYOUR CHILDHOOD AND INVITE FRIENDS TO DO THE SAME . UNTIL MONDAY ( DEC . 6)THERE SHOULD BE NO HUMAN FACES ON FACEBOOK , BUT AN INVASION OF MEMORIES . THIS IS FOR VIOLENCE AGAINST CHILDREN 
... working 
jackpot 
Send me a private message with a # 1-100 and I will write in my status my honest opinion of what I think about you (: 
3 miss you so much ... i always knew a fun shift was going to be had when you were there even if it was your much hated jungle 
5 no worries about the poem you know i could never hate you def some good times had by all when we got together i hope you still remember to fear the spider 
69 you would pick 69 anyways you were always my favorite lead not because i could get away with murder ... cause i could ... not because i could belittle you for the entirety of any shift ... insert short joke here ... but because you are just an awesome person and always made sure that everyone was having a good time ... i can only imagine the hilarity that would ensue if you had been my jungle trainer 
42 the answer to life the universe and everything i still need to go to < PROPMALE > ... i miss our seceret hangout behind the break room and how we both thought we could run the building with our hands tied behind our backs ... actually i take that back ... how we both COULD run the building with our hands tied behind our backs 
7 so after a long hiatus you're one of the people ive known the longest poppins was amazing ... one way or the other 
27 interesting number choice i will now ponder its significance ... but really we've gone around and around with a gay robot ... we've been directed by transgender woman with serious self esteem issues ... we've been to dennys more times than any healthy person should ... you've always been a great friend and i would exchange secerets with you anyday * insert < PROPFEMALE > joke here * 
ps you guys should all judge my headshots tell me which ones you like thank you very much to < PROPFEMALE > for taking them ... as you can she she does amazing work even with a not so amazing model 
3 you were probably the best kid out of the four of us ... like behavior and what not wise ... you're the only one of the four of us to go to college im very proud of you for that and i wish i had made some of the decisions you made but i didnt and you did you're going to do great with what you've been given and what you've made for yourself 
congratulations glee ... you've made a lifelong fan ... your christmas special is amazing 
11 you may as well have been the fifth of the group i dont mean that in the fifth wheel sense more just in the number sense you are an honorary cousin the only reason im probably not as close as the girls are is my familys love of geographic dancing ... im looking forward to making memorys in the new digs in la 
6 you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > were the first three yucaipans i had the pleasure of meeting i remember way back when i was a wierd teenager IMing random people from a town id never heard of and even then when i was that wierd guy you were the coolest girl ever ... also claiming a crush on you is one of the things that saved me from < PROPFEMALE > so i cant thank you enough for that 
888 great memories will be made i havent even moved in yet and im already starting to find my place in the place ... i dont remember a whole heck of alot from teenagehood but thats probably due to the fact that i have terrible memory ... couch surfing to commence in t minus ... a day or two 
is in LA 
boring radiant haunting nerdy and chunky 
4 or 5 online apps monday , about 10 apps at the mall yesterday , just finished up number 6 today ... hot damn 
watching < PROPFIRST > Holt figure out how to fix his camera effects ... hilarious 
LA and OC kids ... i need a job ... im applying left and right but if any of you have a good lead ... let a brother know 
just got through book 12 and 13 of the animorphs series and < PROPMALE > is my new favorite ... why did i ever stop reading these as a kid 
anyone have family is san < PROPFIRST > coming out for christmas on the 23rd 
hooray interview tomorrow 
pending a background check i start work on monday ... hazaa 
i know im a little behind seeing as how it just came out on dvd ... but Easy A was amazing ... you can tell i really like a movie when i actually put in the effort to capitalize the title 
< PROPFEMALE > got me a job for christmas ... hazaa ... take that background check ... now to get some college on ... some wrestling cash for wrestling gym ... and well with all the education im wanting a second job probably wouldnt hurt 
anybody heading towards LA tonight 
made up for my complete and utter lack of animorphs yesterday by covering two books today ... take that 
cabrina : whats the g spot ? \ 
me : have you seen < PROPFEMALE>'s new tattoo\ 
cabrina : yeah\ 
me : her tattoo would hit the g spot 
7-9 is good enough for the playoffs ... it has definitely been a great season 
ima go film a promo after work 
holy shit i can do wonder with some week old white rice from panda express 
now that ive done a little research for tomorrow i go to bed ... i would however like to find a way to watch Penn and Teller Fool Us ... premiering tomorrow in the UK ... ah well a youtube search will commence tomorrow 
whoot whoot for a job in the oc ... but this begs the problem ... where the hell am i gonna stay ... eep 
looking at housing in anaheim on craigslist ... really makes me wanna be a recovering alcoholic 
and thus begins the couch surfing adventure 
did some online apartment shopping today and i know i shop for apartments way to often when i can look at a floorplan and figure out how to turn a one bedroom into a three bedroom ... hooray for frugal 
MUST READ ! *** WARNING *** The national weather service has issued a falling bird warning for Chicago Sunday starting at 12:00 noon and continuing until the end of the fourth quarter . Falling Seahawks could be heavy at times especially around the Soldier Field area . Heavy accumulation is likely ! * REPOST ALL OVER BEARS NATION ! WE ARE EVERYWHERE ! * GO BEARS ! 
such a good move 
oh dungeons and dragons ... i knew i would enjoy you 
so glad to be back in the swing of things ... things are definitely looking up 
i just got a flashback from my childhood in my head youtube and google are not helping me ... does anyone remember a magician with a really tall flat top a white lab coat and sunglasses ... before you say it , it wasnt beakman ... he wasnt a magician 
the chicago mantra ... theres always next year ... steelers better win or else i have no need to watch the superbowl 
ive moved so many times over the last year sometimes when im in a place i just forget what city im in ... i think i like that trait ... the downside is sitting on couches puts me to sleep 
200 joules ... shit aint nothing 
... ugh 
... suhhhhweeet 
anybody have a truck and some free time on friday ... maybe want a lunch ... huh ... huh 
... lesson of the day ... \you just need a little more fuck it \"" 
