I am genuinely interested in life and all its subtle surprises 

< PROPFEMALE > Spektor blew my mind ... again ... and no son gcompares to VNV Nation's Illusion ........ 
( facebook experiment ) if you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and I . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you .... 
I'm gonna miss everyone when I go away to Boulder Colorado ... :( 
School registration today ... can't decide how that makes me feel ... i'm a freakin anomaly 
Heroic Fol Metal ... Its what's for dinner ! :) 
01 - FOOD SCIENCE - SEBOLD - 1206 02 - WGT TRNG-BOY - WOLLBRINCK - M4 W.R 03 - ** AP LITCOM12 - HENKE - 1210 04 - PUBLIC SPEAK - PEGUES - 5112 05 - NUTR/WELL 1 - HARRES - 2109 06 - TECH 
shwikki shwikki bow sha-bow ... 
non-conclusive list of my music collection ( get ready to ride the J-train .... WOOT WOOT !!!! 11 !!!! 11 !! 11 !! 1 !! ) < PROPFEMALE > Cooper Aphex Twin Apocalyptica Apoptygma Berzerk Avantasia Bauhaus The Beatles Beirut Berzerker Bitter : Sweet Bjork Black Eyed Peas Bolt Thr 
How does the notes tool work ,,,,, this isnt gonna work .... my music wont fit in this field 
Ok , seriously , If I hear about one more person keepin people from inviting me to something fun , im gonna kill somebody .... like seriously ... this shits gettin old , real fast . 
I'm retarded , first I was pissed , now I'm happy as fuck ... who wants to party , I'll totally walk if I have to ... or run ;) ( < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > know all about this ) ... put a smile on , it's worth more than clothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! school ..... 
Everyone seems to hate school , I am actually a little amped about it . Gues its the fact that I'm being rewarded once its all over with a 2 year vacation . 
just woke up ... apparently i missed some thunderstormin or somethin ... 
I won the fight It seemed like eternity Finally it stopped I am standing in ruins After all , I don't give in There is no time To see the victory I lose but win Here in my realm Like heroes in films I live your dream 
I'm updating this from my new laptop ... hell yeah !!! 
woot !!! 
they're so damn irresistable ... what to do , what to do .... women .... truly man's greatest temptation .... and our one true strength 
just finished downloading another 2000 songs or so 
Dubstep ... its what makes the whitest guys you know get up and dance like beastz ... seriously ... if you dont know what I'm talkin about , you need to < PROPFEMALE > out with me more ... seriously 
I feel like a box filled with happy ... 
I am officially high on life ... and love ... and all that is good in this crazy world :) 
I feel like a fluffy cloud made of smiles and laughberries ... :) 
I need something to do today .... if anyones doin anything , hit me up ... ill walk if I have to 
Weeeeellll ... Ima go cut me some grass .... txt me ... 
Soon , the deed will be done . Soon , I'll stop the run . Soon ... Soon ... 
has been running for days now . give me a month and ill blow your mind :) 
SPOOK-stock ... its gonna rock my socks off 
can't wait till Spookstock . Its gonna rock my socks off . 
has never needed a hug as bad as now :( 
So . I am officially done emo-ing out all over the place . I had some serious problems with myself , stuff deep down I needed to take care of . For anyone caught in the middle , sorry . For those that wanna talk sh*t , fck you :) But , regardless , redonculous < PROPFIRST > is definitely back . So you might wanna look out , I'll be all over the place :) I feel really good . :) :) 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO . next party definitely wont move so slow . Everything will be ready , music , drinks , food , it'll all be good . 
It's official . The next party is gonna be a tag team bad-ass fest . < PROPFIRST > Mortimer's co-hostin .... we're gonna rock your worlds .... lol . Not sure on the official guest list yet , Ill tell you in person , txt you , or PM you if youre invited . Don't tell anyone thats not invited , ill knife the first first person that tries to crash my shit :) the date is almost set ...... WOOT !!!!! :) 
Alright . My bathroom ( downstairs ) is atrocious . Its been abused by countless parties now . I am about to clean that mofo . Its gonna be some hardcore cleanin too . WOOT ! 
felt like shit this morning . slowly recovering . anybody know what happened to the light in front of the tv ? lol 
Hey . If anyones got my number you should text me a message with your name so I can resave you in my phone . Had to have it replaced . :) 
is gonna try and play some games , Oblivion here I come :) 
So it finally happened . I have become a Mafia Wars whore . Its like crack , only it burns less when you snort it :) 
I think my head is gonna explode . 
I'm goin back to sleep . Oh so tired . 
well . off to texas . text me . Ill have plenty of time to talk . ( 14 hours ) 
woot ! in the hotel in texas . :) 
woot woot ! wedding time ! 
back from Texas . Saw all the pics everyone took of homecoming . Definiteyl think I partied harder in Texas but I do wish I coulda made it to both . Hope everyone had a good time . :) 
WOOOOOOT ! its my birfday 
hey thanks for all the happy birthdays errbody . nothing but rifles , porn , cigars , lottery tickets , and voting for me :) 
I'm writing again . Mostly poetry/lyrics . I'm pretty happy about this . Been awhile since I've been able to write . The music is starting to come along pretty well . I'm even working on my on vocals , which may or may not be a good thing . When I get a few songs together I might post on the internets . Hope evryone is having as much luck as me . 
\I don't give a fuck ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Sin . Probably one of the funniest nights ever . Never has one simple phrase been so eloquently used to answer so many questions :) " 
Party ! 
off to the Corner coffee House :) Im feelin really good today , lots of good things goin on , maybe something serious , in a good way :) 
The facebook tricks : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU :) 
I just don't know . 
Ugh . I feel like im gonna die :( lulz 
woot ! i just took on like 3 pussies ... 
Ive wrttien so much awesome stuff in the last couple days . Even working on a new song . Im feeling really accomplished :) School sucks though . 
Happy Sexy Thanksgiving ! (^^^) 
sticks and stones , love . sticks and stones . 
Sweet messiah !!!! There is snow !!!! ahhhhhh ! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT !!!! 11 !! 1 ! 11 ! 11 !!! 11 !! 11 !! 1 ! 1 ! < PROPFEMALE > IS 18 !!!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!! woot ! PARTY ! woot 
Finals week . Almost done . Next semester is gonna be so much better ! 
Love , love will keep us together / Think of me babe whenever / Some sweet talking girl comes along singing her song / Don't mess around , You gotta be strong / Just Stop [ stop ] , ' cause I really love You / Stop [ stop ] , I'll be thinking of you / Look in my heart and let love keep us together 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas erbody !!! 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy New Year !!! If I didnt see you at some point recently , sorry . Im leaving in a matter of hours . See everyone in about 2.5 months . then 2.5 ush months after that lol . Ill miss everyone ! 
Been working on my music more , still pretty amateur but Its sounding better . Probably gonna shave my head again . Any objections ? 
cloves are very interesting ... very interesting indeed ! and RJD2 is badass ! 
I am the GECKO !!!!!!!!!!!! 
life is good my friend ... life is good ! :) the gecko has spoken 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ... meh :/ 
well ... another girl , another flurry of inspiration ... writing , music , < PROPMALE > ... women are great muses , but oh boy are they f***ing complicated . lol 
Its official . The Peekaboo Club presented by < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > is now open ! 
Amped for Psychotronic ! 
So , I am dizzy and a lil disoriented . Being sick like this has to be the most fun of all sickness , only it still sucks ! 
Thank god , all i got now is a stuffy nose ! I think I might just live after all :) 
Woot ! Imma so happy ! 
Im very happy . Very happy indeed . and i cant wait till tomorrow ! :) 
Well . Im honored . Im happy . Life is Good ! Things just keep getting better :) 
Sometimes , you just have to break the symbiotic ties and < PROPMALE > something great within yourself . 
Leave it to a couple of girls to make you question everything about yourself , your very essence of being . :) 
OMG ... Taking my breath away and shit ... I just dont know what to do with myself :D 
Theres someone amazing that I miss dearly ! Ill convince you , one of these days , just how amazing you are ! :D no lie 
HAPPY EASTER !!! Im excited bout tomorrow , very excited . < PROPFEMALE > saved my ass :) 
Today was pretty amazing :) Somehow I ended up with someone incredible , someone who truly makes me smile . Day after day , smile after smile , no matter where it ends , this journey is worth every mile . :) 
What I say , what I do , just remember its all for you :) Im incredibly bored , might work on mixing some music or something ... 
I . I will be < PROPMALE > . And you . You will be < PROPFEMALE > . Though nothing will , Drive them away . We can beat them . Just for one day . We can be Heroes , Just for one day . 
Tonight , you told me everything Ive ever wanted to hear . I am truly happy , and have never felt this way about anyone else . 
On all the lonely afternoons in June , I need you . Just like raindrops , you feel so good upon my lips . Just like raindrops , even though youre a million < PROPMALE > away . :) 
Skin so soft , silk gets jealous . Lips so perfect , I get over zealous . Eyes so beautiful , I could stare into them for days . Ill remember your smile forever , till the end of days . 
Every time we kiss is complete and utter bliss . When you kiss me on the cheek , my heart goes weak . You say the kindest things I have ever heard , I hold on to each and every word . You make me feel good when everything's all bad , you make me happy whenever I'm sad . No matter what happens , Ill always stay true . no matter what happens , Ill never forget you . 
Its 5 in the morning . the suns rising soon . Birds are chirping . Life is abundant and new . But all I can think about is you . :D 
Whenever we're together , my heart skips a beat . Whenever we're together , i can barely withstand the heat :) . No matter what happens , ill always be yours . If you call , ill come crashing through windows and doors . Nothing could ever keep me from being with you , not a hole in the sky or a hole in my shoe . half the shit i write is silly and gay . But so long as it makes you smile , itll make my day . 
Walking in the snowy street / Let me understand / Drifting down a silent park / Stumbling over land / Open up your heart to me / Show me who you are / And I would be your slave ... oh , btw , Would you marry me < PROPFIRST > Bowie ... lol :) 
I've been looking / For a woman / To save my life / Not to beg or to borrow / A woman with a feeling / Of loosing once or twice / Who knows how it could be / Be tomorrow / I've been waiting for you / And you've been coming to me / For such a long time now / For such a long time now / A woman with a feeling / Of loosing once or twice / Who knows how it could be / Be tomorrow 
Every day , a new beginning . Wakeup , look outside . Notice all the wonder in the world . If you still dont see it , you havent woken up . See the green . See the blue . See the brightest orange up in the sky . Breathe the fresh air . Eat your breakfast , drink your coffee . Just remember , wake-up . Wake-Up ! 
ATTENTION : anyone who thinks they are a decent < PROPMALE > ist should contact me . I need < PROPMALE > ists to do some work for me . Contact me for details . I need primarily drawers , and anyone that can do digital < PROPMALE > is especially needed . There is a possibility of money being made , and < PROPMALE > ists will get a commission for anything sold with their < PROPMALE > . 
I just had to [ t y p e ] some shit to [ f i t ] in <3 --- I really dont see the point in all these broken up statuses , wtf fo sho 
Holy sweet mother of baby < PROPFEMALE > ! It feels hella good outside right now !! 
AHHHHH !!!! my room's dirtier than fisting your sister and finding your dads wedding ring .... ive got some serious cleaning to do ! 
Good day for some yard work . Not too hot . 
Yep . Definitely just singed my left eyelashes off ... all of them ... the tips . WTF 
The cleansing , let it begin . 
Wow . I'm really surprised like the FBI hasn't brought down Formspring yet . Its nothing but a bunch of underage girls getting harassed . There aren't any actual questions and mostly what I've seen is is people asking people for blowjobs and trying to fight . Its pretty much the most disgusting shit I've ever seen , like facebook without the pictures . 
Good day today . Nothings going on tonight , though . Off to sleep . 
Damnt , once again i need to some female 3.5 mm cord to shove some male 3.5 mm cord into ... my speakers are whores ;) theyll play music , movies , just about anything with audio . tsk tsk tsk 
Well , it was fun while it lasted . We had our good times . We obviously had our bad . You're strong , you'll make it through even the toughest times . I've learned from you , great things . I'll always be here for you , and ill always look after you . Now we'll be friends . You will always be able to confide in me . Clear skies ahead . 
another drink , another bottle . forget , forget all the pain and sorrow . 
well , if i could kick myself in the face i would . lost my phone . if anyone got or gets txts or calls past 3:30 am its not me . im so pissed off right now 
well , if i could kick myself in the face i would . lost my phone . if anyone got or gets txts or calls past 3:30 am its not me . im so pissed off right now . if anyone has gotten txts or calls from < PROPFIRST > you dont know past 7 this morning , save em and send em to me 
WOOOOTTTT !!! my faith in humanity is returned . someone found my phone and turned it in to steak n shake . and the worker actually returmed and didnt just pocket it . YUSSSS ! 
\So those are my dreams . And these are my eyes . Stand tall like a man . Headstrong like a horse . \ " Everyone should listen to Break it Down by Tears For Fears " 
I feel like a jerk , i forgot to mention i owe < PROPFIRST > Boston for finding my phone . He took care of everything and was gonna drive me out there to pick it up , but i had a ride . I didnt even know he was actively lookin for it for me . Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
good day to cut down some trees . off to the grandparents to lop some dead pines down ;) money money money money money .... MONAEEEYYYY lol 
Pulling a tree like 3-4 feet forward in mid fall with a rope looks hella epic ... even though its hella easy 
Son of a B**** ! the Shure Vocalmaster is definitely in need of some tuning . half the channels have gone kaput in the last like two weeks . But the Infinitys are back in action YAY . 
well , after taking apart both the toa's and the vocalmaster and cleaning them up a bit , they seem to be working better . prolly still need to get the vocalmaster checked out but for now its good . 
\True change and higher adaptation are not made by resistance to the old habits . Change is not a matter of not doing something ; it is a matter of doing something else . \ " - Da Auabhasa ( Da Free < PROPFIRST > ) " 
\1 . Dont sweat the small stuff . 2 > Its all small stuff . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Millman " 
\Just by listening deeply we alleviate pain and suffering . \ " - Buddhist saying " 
\There is no need to run outside for better seeing ... Rather abide at the center of your being ; ... Search your heart and see ... \ " - Lao-tzu " 
\The Saints are the sinners who keep on trying . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Stevenson " 
\Good instincts usually tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Burke " 
HAPPPPYYYYY BIIRRTTHHDDAY !!!! I luv ya < PROPFEMALE > ..... oh , right . its MY birthday :D !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Who is < PROPMALE > Babcock and why does he want to be my friend ? lol 
Piracy is not Theft . Its Piracy . Theft Removes the Original . Piracy Makes a Copy . 
They really need to make a Facebook counter , that logs how many times you log in to Facebook and displays on the front < PROPFEMALE > . That way you know when to go sit down in the corner , write a nice little pity note , then go into the bathroom and \hang-around . \"" 
\Is that a piano in youre pocket or are you just happy to see me ? \ " - me to myself everytime I look in the mirror ... " 
Let the search for a roommate begin ! 
WINDOWS PHONE 7 !!!! kicking serious ass and i havent even activated it yet ! 
Windows phone 7 !!!! So awesome . Fully activated and fully loaded :D 
Windows Phone 7 . Unlimited data plan ? Yup , iPhones should go kill themselves LMAO 
I'll soon be releasing my first full length track . Got some mixing and sequencing to do . I'll post a link when its up . Check out rainydayshirts on YouTube for the initial cuts ;) 
TRACK RELEASED !!!! link on my wall . http://soundcloud.com/rainydayshirts/metamorphosis-a-concerto or right there <---- . Let me know what you think 
\Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse . \ " \ 
Does anybody wanna do something this evening ? I'm bored and wanna get up and move . I know its already getting dark , but c'mon , whens that ever stopped anybody . Zombie tag ? Anything ? HIT ME UP ! lol 
Ahhh , < PROPMALE > of The Hill , wisk me off to dreamland ;) 
Thinking about doing some cleaning . Then off to bed . Hmmmmmm ... 
Sleep , why do you elude me ? We you used to be such great friends . Whatever happened ? Hmmmmmmm ... 
At night , dreams come out to play . They dance and sing and keep nightmares at bay . \ 
As the sun rises , they flee back into your soul . The only place dreams are safe , the place that they should go . Sometimes you can catch one , just before he gets away . A window into your subconscious , the needle in the hay . Don't forget to tuck him in , back where he is safe . And be cautious wearing pure wool garments , they do so often chafe . 
Would any of you artists on my friends list like to illustrate some of my writings ? As of now , for free . I'm thinking of putting together a book . All you'd have to do is read a writing , then draw what you think represents it as a whole . No due date or anything . Just something of a drawing exercise . 
\They just don't make jews like Jesus anymore ... \ " LOL " 
You can't use iTunes for the “development , design , manufacture or production of missiles , or nuclear , chemical or biological weapons . ” Sorry , while all you iTune teet sucklers are limited to using your software only for listening to and buying shitty pop songs , I'll be manufacturing weapons of mass destruction . Just a reminder to always read the user agreements ;) 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Through the dirt , \ 
I shall move . \ 
Through the darkness , \ 
I will prove . \ 
Prove myself , < PROPFEMALE > forth . \ 
Beyond the realm , of light and dark . \ 
The the place between . \ 
The scale is balanced . \ 
So shall I be . 
uTorrent , why did you have to whore yourself out to the MPAA ? I mean , seriously . Awfully ironic . 
I let my feelings show , don't know where I'm at\ 
It doesn't give you the right to use me ... \ 
I know I'm better than that ... \ 
\ 
My emptiness fills the holes of your predictable questions ... \ 
So give me no lectures , don't you sell me your kind\ 
20 more < PROPMALE > in the rain\ 
20 more getting drained\ 
I can't redeem myself\ 
But I still can figure it out\ 
- 20 More < PROPMALE > , by Soilwork 
So , Microsoft is starting to appeal to me on the same levels it used to when I first used a computer running Windows 3.1 . With Windows 7 , IE8 ( and 9Beta ) , Windows Phone 7 , Windows Live , and Bing , you can enjoy the world of computers using services and software from a single corporation . Office , Zune , so much to do . Even Hotmail is becoming more attractive . Apple and Google need to step up their game . 
HMMMMM , Im hella jealous of all these peeps getting there silly number inbox things . Maybe I should start sending out < PROPFIRST > ... 
#001 - Alright , first status deal ;) So , you are definitely one of my best female friends . We have talked about a lot . I wish I had been a better friend back in middle school , but Im glad we can be friends now . Anytime you need me , I'll be there ;) I hope we can keep in touch . I know you're gonna go far . 
#69999999999 - You think too little of yourelf . People hate on you waaaaay too much . You are gorgeous . You're gonna end up doing something very cool in the future , I just know it . You're fun to party with , though I can't say I enjoy the company of some of your friends . lol . I hope we get to party some more . ;) And remember , forget what the haters be saying . 
#007 - You are quite gorgeous . Just gonna throw that out there . You are very fun to < PROPFEMALE > around with , Me you and my boo should < PROPFEMALE > out more often . You are quite funny . I don't actually know you all too well , but we have had some pretty good text conversations , good enough that I know you're cool ;) I hope to get to know you better and I wish you luck in life ;) 
#4 - You gots a badonkadonk . You have a certain < PROPFEMALE > about you , hard to describe . Sometimes you can be a bit rediculous lol , but overall youre a cool girl ;) Weve had some fairly redonkulous times together , and I see you being quite an impressive adult in the coming years . I wish you the best , and I hope we can keep in touch . Youve been there for me on several occasions , Im here for you . 
#12345678 - I had the hots for you when I first met you . ;) You are funny , wierd , and pretty overall awesome ;) I definitely wouldnt mind seeing more of you . Hopefully Ill see you when I visit from school , and after . You are someone definitely worth having as a friend ;) 
Its beginning to look a lot like Christmas ... Its snowing ... quite alot . YUSSSS !!!!! 
Alright , who the f*ck is playing in the snow with me today ? 
It is official . I have been accepted into the Boulder College of Massage Therapy . No more of my \basically accepted\ " spiel lol . I will be leaving everybody Around January 1st or 2nd . " 
Wow . Decided to watch < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim . Just saw the opening scene . I can already tell this movie is going to be fantastic ! ... if you are a 8-12 yr old boy that likes shitty music . Or a girl under the age of 35 . I have heard the same sound come from much better bands , so whoever did the soundtrack leaves me disappointed . Oh , and the opening credits are the best part of the movie so far . 
Hmmmmmmm ... Why did I just wake up ? Seriously ? Its 6 PM ... WTF ? 
I'll take the shot for you\ 
I'll be the shield for you\ 
needless to say\ 
I'll stand in your way\ 
I'll give my life for you\ 
I'll make it stop\ 
for you 
Financial Aid is coming through , I've been accepted to BCMT . Now I just gotta secure my living arrangements . Anybody wanna move to Boulder with me ? lol . 
Just watched Driving Miss < PROPFEMALE > for the first time ... damn near cried . That movie is phenomenal . 
Alright . Im leaving January 1st . Who's wants to see me before I'm 820 < PROPMALE > away ? Call me , TxT me , message me on Facebook , whatever . Just let me you know you wanna < PROPFEMALE > and we'll set a date ;) And if anyone's doing any partying let me know , I want something to remember everybody by while I'm at school . 
I am officially a licensed driver !!!!!... who's daddy let the plates expire on his car >:( lol 
Well , looks like were gonna have a white Christmas :D Its awesome out right now ! 
Who wants to play in the snow ? 
Anyone wanna engage in some snow related fun tonight round midnight ? call or txt me 
Happy Holidays !!!! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
I leave January 1st . THIS January 1st . WTF is happening before then ? 
Okay , this is ridiculous . I have a car . I have a license . And I have a case of Monster Nitrous . I leave Saturday , THIS Saturday . Who wants to hangout ? 
Ahhh , fresh install of windows before heading off to school ... Gotta start packing . Do a little cleaning and lock up all my stuff lol . Last < PROPMALE > call to hangout ... My time here in STL is short . Txt or call . 
Wow . Its crazy being in Boulder . Orientation went great . My classmates are very friendly , should be easy to make some new friends . Haven't set up my computer yet , but I will soon . My textbooks are awesome . Future , here I come ! :D 
Colorado . 
Doing laundry . Weekend was rather boring . Thank you STL friends for the txts ... NOT ! 
Well , school is awesome . Its covering more information than I thought was possible to absorb . Gonna start taking electives next quarter . Lots of cool people . Lots of new crazy stuff , like Jedi type stuff ; didnt know Id ever have these skills . Its insane how much I have learned , and how much I have changed , in just 5 weeks . Text me , though i get bad reception in my room so it might take a bit for me to reply . 
Well . Ferguson has some of the dumbest ordinances pertaining to massage therapy . and their terminology is entirely too outdated . Im gonna have to get involved with some politics . ANNNNNDddd , Ive started Swedish Therapeutic massage . its amazing . btw , who wants to < PROPFEMALE > over spring break ? Ill be in STL march 19 to like the 29th 
So , getting sick when you have class everyday of the week is horrible . Thank god for DayQuil and Vicks VapoRub . And just so everyone from STL knows , I can in fact receive txts and phone calls here in Boulder , so feel free to hit me up . 
It's a gorgeous day here in Boulder . Tomorrow will be Corona's and Lime . Good stuff . 
Laundry . Check . Sleep . Working on it . Corona's and Lime . Tomorrow . Looks like this weekend is gonna turn out better than I thought . 
Sooooooooo . I'll be in STL for Spring Break . Anyone wanting a free massage better RSVP . Apparently I already have a clientele lol . 
I forgot to mention , I got an apartment . Yay ! 
Corona's and Pork Tenderloin . Yesterday was great . 
HOLY SHIT !!! I just came to the realization that I am indeed an adult . The sad thing is that it was the Lysol Air Freshener Spray , Downy Wrinkle stuff , Vinegar Water ( all purpose-cleaner ) , and my very own decision of All and Snuggle laundry shit that made me realize I'm on my own now . Lol . Being an adult is great :D 
Ahhhhh . Sitting in my condo all by myself . It's great . A < PROPMALE > on the lonely side for the moment . But still nice . 
Drinking beers with your landlord while doing some work at your new condo . Thatd be great . Oh , right , Thats what I just did . Hell Yeah ! 
Alright . I admit it . I took oxygen for granted . The lack of it here is lame . 
And so we march forward . To the edge of experience , the realm of devotion . Little whispers , in your ear . Slight sighs , signs of fear . Onward we march . Kings and thieves . Floating home , amongst the leaves . 
Hottub !!!!! :D 
Oh my god . Two finals this week . Three next week . Soooooo much studying to do 
I touch down in STL Monday around 6 . 
I'm home ! 
If anyone is wanting to hangout before i ship back out to boulder , you need to contact me soon . I leave next monday . 
Who wants to do something ? I can drive . I'm bored . And only in town for a week 
Five hours of massage today :O at Webster . Pretty awesome . Possibly three more hours tomorrow , not too sure yet . 
Well , back to Boulder , Colorado . Goodbye STL . Anyone that missed me over Spring Break , I'll be back June 10th through July 5th . 10+ hours of massage this time . I think I'll shoot for 20+ for summer ;) Good luck everyone ! 
Back to school tomorrow . Living my dream , taking it one step at a time . 
