its me . 

1 hour and 17 minutes tell my bday 
A LONG TRIP . I THNK ITS WORTH IT . SEEING THE COUNTRY WITH NO REGARDS . I TEND TO NJOY . 
HANGN WIT FAMILY AND WISHN THE REST OF FAMILY WAS HERE . 
Waitn for time to go bye ! Time+effort = failure but multiply it and will eventually come to success . Studing and learning is life !!! 
im ready 2 do sumthing , anything , so far away from every1 makes it hard to < PROPFEMALE > wit friends . no work makes my days so boring .. 
anotha day , to cold to < PROPFIRST > . Wat to do ? 
last night was wat i considered fun . playn poker and chilln wit pipeliners . lol 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is not to see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same 
had a hell of a night yestaday ! getn drunk for free is a plus lol . STUPID TAXI !!! 
#69 -- You r an honest and up front women that always keeps her kul even on bad times . VERY GOOD AT ADVISE !!! Glad your a close friend to me . 
#42 -- very kul gurl , tend to like having fun , aint scared of tellin the truth , and very open hearted , good friend . 
#7 -- kinda weird , loves to make peeps laugh , very kul person to be around . 
Its so hard to be happy when the worst is agianst you ! sumhow i tend to manage happiness in weird ways ! my family and a lucky sum1 can always make me smile even on worst of times . 
stupid snow ! i cant wait 4 spring !!! 
had alota fun ! went to the movies and got to spend sum time wit my women ! hopes she gets to fillin better ! 
tomorow gona be packing for a trip to court ! 
If you love me , comment on this status . \ 
If you think I am a good friend , like this status . \ 
If you ever had a crush on me , poke me . \ 
If you hate me , message me why . \ 
If you're not scared , post this on your wall and see what you get ... 
friday already ! Wow this week went by quick 4 me ! 
phones off ! finally no1 botherin me . lol . 
