is listening to some old school Wrestling theme songs haha 

really needs a new photo to replace the BOC symbol 
Oh Im just taking it easy back home for now and preparing for my last semester . Its hard to believe how fast if goes sometimes haha 
is in disbelief that I am back on Facebook again 
is alive with Samhain 
is working on what will be the next \world's best screenplay\ " . . . Blue Hotel . " 
is finished with Blue Hotel the short screenplay . . . Get ahold of me if you wish to read ! 
is working on a paper . Could be the last one . . . 
is completely finished with undergrad finals forever . . . 
Don't talk shit about Total ! haha 
is now 24 years of age . Sounds like fun . 
had a damn good night and couldn't be happier . 
Oh , Kid Cudi . You are the Pink < PROPMALE > of rap and I love it ! 
Thinks the grad classes will go ok . There may be four article samples to read for Thursday but he'll live . He always does . 
is ready for a great weekend :) 
is enjoying the weekend with the lady . 
is in the best place he can be right now : ) 
And now to start a long day of reading followed by a three hour class . . . who's excited ? 
is trying to enjoy reading about received view and scientific theory . . . and . . . it's . . . interesting ? 
is rocking out to some ZZ Top ! Is there anthing better during intense study guide making ? 
Well it happened ... They called me out in class and made me participate . Knew it was a matter of time haha ... 
Where the hell have I been !? The Coen Brothers had a new movie out and I didn't even know it till now ? I gotta get my shit together ! 
Kicking off < PROPFIRST>'s Weekend by doing homework in the Miami library ... 5:30 needs to come sooner :) 
Can't wait for 9:30 to roll around ... 
Has a discussion to lead tonight ! Wish me well as I show off some guest-student gusto ! 
There are some sick people out there . 
I think Brownie the bear needs a Facebook . Anybody wanna help me get one started over break or something ? 
wishes he was back in Oxford :( 
doesn't care what they say < PROPMALE > Collins ' 80s work is timeless !!! 
wants to locate movies as good/bad as Death Row Diner over Spring Break . Slime City and Evil Spawn are out there somewhere ! 
Anybody out there dig on early < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ? You all should !! 
I am convinced that < PROPFIRST > Levin is one of the greatest bass players in modern rock . He is now in my list of greats with Geddy < PROPFIRST > , Flea , and < PROPMALE > Claypool . 
So would everybody agree that studying the intercultural relations between anglo-Australians and aboriginal Australian tribes is a good research topic ? It sounds interesting to me . Let me know champs . 
Well soon it will be off to my first graduate level exam on philosophical foundations of communication theory where I can display my epistemological knowlege . 
As < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > would say \It's hip to be square \"." 
And so begins Part 2 of research paper proposal 2010 . 
Looks like somebody's got a case of the Mondays ! 
is feeling blah . 
I must say Rush is one of the best bands there will ever be . This is a scientific fact . 
You're face to face with the man who sold the world . 
There's a starman waiting in the sky . He'd like to come and meet us , but he thinks he'll blow our minds ... 
Just got my first grad paper back . Thought it was surely an F or D ... Turns out it was a B . Not bad < PROPFIRST > , not bad at all ... 
You've got your mother in a whirl ' cause she's not sure if your a boy or a girl . 
< PROPFIRST > Bowie kicks way too much ass . I'm a quarter of a way through listening to all of his work and already I'm proclaiming him as one of my top ten favorite artists EVER . Definitely my kind of rock . 
Convinced that \Kid Gloves\ " is one of the most underrated and underrappreciated songs by Rush . " 
Sometimes the point of the journey isn't always getting there , but changing along the way . 
Got a 170 out of 200 on a midterm for a doctoral level class with PhD students . Grad school may be calling ... 
Celebrating my 7 year anniversary of the day I discovered Rush ... 
Oh my TVC 15 ... 
Hand over fist . Paper arond the stone . Scissors cut the paper and the rock must stand alone . 
feels its time to start playing drums again . 
Why does it happen ? Because it happens , roll the bones ... 
Let's dance tonight on virtual wings . Press this key to see amazing things ... 
has two papers on his trail and they want done ... 
We come into the world and take our chances . Fate is just the weight of circumstances . That's the way that lady luck dances so just roll the bones ... 
thinks \Time will crawl\ " is an underrated Bowie song . " 
You belong in rock and roll . 
What a nice day out there . This coming from being indoors . 
is relaxing with < PROPFIRST > and going to Hollywood :) 
really wishes he had a < PROPFEMALE > Masterworks 7-piece set right about now ... Maybe someday . 
enjoying some Murmur by R.E.M. underrated and overlooked if you ask me . 
A Better Future ... good Bowie song . really speaks to me lately ... 
Needs to submit some < PROPMALE > terms before 6 . 
is your Boogieman ... 
is revisiting The Wall ... The greatest album ever ... 
is remembering < PROPFEMALE > Tech today and how bad I felt reading those first few sentences on cnn.com ... 
studying with the peplet in da ' brary ... 
Just saw a thirty-ish woman wearing a Yo Gabba-Gabba t-shirt with all of the characters on the front . Wow haha ... 
is thinking about sticking with communication studies if grad school calls later ... What are your thoughts people ? 
about to start a marathon-style paper writing session ... Man I REALLY should not have put this off so long haha . 
Just wanna shout out a happy b-day to Iggy Pop ! One cool cat ... 
Just saw a kid in the library that looks just like Beavis from Beavis and Butthead . He was even wearing a blue shirt . Hope I see Butthead soon ! 
10 pager down and a 20 pager to go ... 
So much style over substance , it's hard to separate the crap from what's wothwhile ... 
when the song changes keys one must keep in tune . 
Just tried to help a dying squirrel I found an hour ago on campus . couldn't do much , but it was definitely worth a try . Hope it makes it . 
Writing a paper about \Whiteness\ " in the Office tv show and there is a guy in the computer lab who looks like < PROPFIRST > and is in a similar corner . I feel like I'm in the \ " Office\ " and waiting for < PROPFIRST > to come out of the door behind me and say something stupid ! " 
relying on some < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio to get me through this long day of paper writing . 
thinks < PROPMALE > Vai is a god of guitar ... Passion and Warfare , nuff said . 
I am the Outsider . A nightwatchman with no eyes . 
thinking grad school may be a calling someday soon ... Let's roll . 
Working on a take home final all day ... 
Working on an Intercultural take home final ... Ohhhh which perspective of intercultural research shall I focus on ? Postcolonial ? Social Scientific ? Whiteness studies ? 
Cranking out my last grad class exam . Gonna miss this scene ... 
Now sees why \November Rain\ " is an awesome song . Never really listened to it before ... " 
I have just found out Dio is dead . That really sucks . 
Listening to the Holy Diver album . May another great god of rock rest in the night ! 
Not having a very good day . At all . 
Gotta get in shape and start getting some changes together . Been a good break for the past two weeks , but I have a whole list to start working on ! 
Then came the last days of May . BOC reference anyone ? 
thinks Fallout 3 is pretty cool . 
Come August , I am more than likely going to see my favorite band : Rush !!! 
currently high on my favorite drug ... music . 
Poor Hopper ... Blue < PROPFEMALE > performance was a favorite of mine ... 
Just finished a drum exercise . My arms are tired , but I feel surprisingly stronger ... 
is reading some rather dark local history ... 
Listening to some classic Yes and marvelling at the < PROPFEMALE > that is < PROPMALE > Bruford ! 
< PROPMALE > Parsons Project is \Winding me up \"." 
on my free time , I have decided to FINALLY give a real listen to the albums of The Beatles and after being only halfway done and not to the truly creative stuff yet , I am already a fan ... 
\Miracles out of nowhere\ " by Kansas - Excellent stuff . " 
hanging in Blue Springs , Missouri . Vacation times are near . 
jamming to the Mahavishnu Orchestra and missing Peplet and Colorado ... 
listening to some classic Police . < PROPFEMALE > is timeless ... 
needs a drumkit . Maybe < PROPMALE > Peart will sell me one someday ... A man can only wait and wonder sometimes ... 
Facebook , I am vastly disappointed in the fact that you will not let me edit my likes and interests right now . You lose points my friend ... 
< PROPMALE > Marley and The Police are in my head currently ... Too good of artists combined for a great effect ... 
Asking a serious question : Would anyone like to start a band with me when I get a drumset ? Im thinking playing everything and anything ... 
literally chilling with my dog in my air-conditioned nightmare ! 
< PROPMALE > and Eric : You guys are hilarious . 
\A mind is like a parachute . It doesn't work if it isn't open\ " - < PROPFIRST > Zappa " 
Had a very good day at the lake :) 
I miss my peplet and we're only twenty minutes apart ... 
is listening to Jazz from Hell ... 
What a hot day . 
No Country for Old Men . Such a good film . 
Goodnight f-book . 
I love my peplet . Izz true . 
Getting a haircut tonight . A new < PROPFIRST > will be born :) 
Room's a mess , but getting rid of stuff feels sooooooo gooooood ( Homestar Runner Teens Girl Squad voice ) . 
Getting myself together tonight ... I have things to do and someone who matters too much to me ... 
In the mood for an Ingmar Bergman film . \Wild Strawberries\ " would be just right ... " 
enjoying some Trout Mask Replica by Captain Beefheart . I recommend ... 
Had a great time this weekend with awesome people and the one most special to me :) Now on to some job searching ! 
I have to admit that I recently saw the movie Juno , and really liked it . It's true ! 
Listening to the Thrills and searching Cincinnati for jobs . Gotta wrap up this night ! 
Why am I so forgetful lately ? :( 
I really need to talk less about doing things and actually do them . Sometimes it takes the fear of losing something important to make you realize you need to get yourself together . 
Winding down my night with some Rush and Radiohead . Another day begins tomorrow ... 
Well , mom drove me crazy today with yardwork chores amidst my job searching quest . On the other hand , I did complete some pertinent steps to this journey . A long and tiring day and I'm missing someone again ... 
has been dancing with Mr. Brownstone ( not really just enjoying the song ! ) . 
knows its hard to hold a candle in the cold November rain ... 
Pulled a few weeds tonight . 
God , I love < PROPMALE > Young's music . Great musician and person all-around . 
There are nights when I feel like a broken arrow without a quiver or a clue . 
Sometimes a conversation is all it takes ... 
Comes a time when actions speak louder than words and I'm all out of words ... 
Today was a good day . Resume is finally to my liking , searched for jobs for 4 hours applying to at least 5 ( and many more this week ) , filled out a substitute teacher app , ran 2 < PROPMALE > , and still had some time leftover to learn a few < PROPMALE > Young guitar parts . 
My mind and body are moving a thousand < PROPMALE > a minute today . 
is having another \poetic moment \"." 
Six hours of searching today ... More to come . 
Reminded of how upsetting it is when God takes the talented ones so early ... Guess he needs them more . I like to think that , at least . 
I'll always be a dreamin ' man . 
Just finished jogging at the \voir \"." 
Long may you run . 
Doesn't care what anybody thinks . < PROPFIRST > Stipe still has one of the best voices of our times ... 
So the new < PROPMALE > Young album rocks like I hoped it would . I think there's a little bit for everybody . 
I hold no cards and no grudges today . All you see is all I am . 
I am now a Kid Cudi convert . Some of the best rap I've ever heard . 
October is here and I'm ready . 
It's 3 a.m. and I need you . 
What a gray and depressing day . I need something uplifting for this apparent dismay . 
Loving this fall weather ... 
is on a stairway to the stars ... 
\Red and Black . It's their color scheme . \"" 
You'll be a hard luck woman till you find your man . 
Watching new South Park with Jersey Shore parody . I hope this is good ... 
It's a Jersey thing . You just gotta be from Jersey ! 
My tomorrow is your today . 
Needs ideas for a Halloween costume . I don't want to go as < PROPFIRST > Wiebe again , I was him last year ... 
They didn't write me one , So I'm making my own happy ending ... 
is feeling a little Friday Night Full < PROPFEMALE > Fever ... 
Let's talk about me for a while ... 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > Wiebe ! ( yea , it's my mom's b-day in case no one could tell ) 
thinks he belongs back in school ( grad school ) , and most certainly not in a small northwest Ohio town in the dead of fall . I'll be roaring down that road like a storm on your porch when my tide comes . 
So a few of my friends commented earlier that Snookie may be my type . Interesting haha ... 
Happy All Hallows ' < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Don't burn a bridge you might need on the way back home ... 
Nothing like a little freezing rain at 4 p.m. 
I love it when I outsmart life . 
I think I'm gonna watch a really bad movie tonight . I'm in the mood for something very stupid , obscure , and outdated . Too bad Video Spectrum isn't at my disposal as easily as it used to be . 
If you aren't true , then I don't want to know you . Save your nonsense for another . 
Plug me into the zen machine and set it to the < PROPMALE > , cause ' I ain't coming back . 
Got the transcript today . Now on to the certificate ... 
Today is a good day to listen to my favorite Lennon songs . R.I.P. 
Who's excited for the new Coen Bros . flick ? This guy right here . 
FINALLY saw Inception . Mind status : Blown 
Time . You can be my best friend and my worst enemy at the same time , but I always rely on you , don't I ? 
The biology of purpose keeps my nose above the surface . 
Still believe Die Hard is one of the best Christmas movies there is . If only I could live my life a little more like < PROPFIRST > McClane . Yippie Ki-Yay ! 
I'm floating closer to your shore and maybe I'll reach the beach in time to beat the tide . 
True Grit was True Great . 
I have successfully entered my quarter life ( that is to say that I reach 100) ! So what's a single 25 year-old guy like me gonna do ? He's gonna have himself a good time . THAT's what he's gonna do :) 
Thank You all for the birthday wishes yesterday ! You guys are awesome and some of us should < PROPFEMALE > out more if ever in the same neighborhood . All in all it was a good one ! 
Happy Birthday Jesus . I hope I get that miracle I asked for ... 
Relaxin ' with some Dr. Dre and Seinfeld . 
Spending the afternoon of the last day of the year reminiscing 2010 and reflecting with some classic Rush . \In the End\ " is a good tune for this moment ... " 
I know it's already been said plenty , but Happy New Years !!!!! 
I sip the rum cause ' it's long time before the boat will come ... 
Successfully saved a large amount of money for a drum < PROPFEMALE > in the future . Now do I want acoustic or electronic ? Any musicians or other contributors care to help with my dilemma ? 
Just finished a 3 hour game of < PROPFEMALE > Wars monopoly . I didn't even come close to winning and Emperor Palpatine made a lot of visits to the jail ! 
I know few are signing up for the part , but I'll take the role of the one with the open heart . 
Doing some volunteer work in about 8 hours . 
I have added Sirius by < PROPMALE > Parsons Project as one of the best songs to get ready for your day in the morning . Damn good stuff . 
Hey , everybody , while we're changing the zodiac signs around , why not change 12 months to 13 ! My birthday is now Obember 23rd . Guess I'm waiting 12 months for cake and ice cream , huh ? 
Thinking about just going somewhere someday . Not sure when , where , and I may not even be sure why , but I can tell you this town has run dry . 
Off to see what Saturday night will bring me . 
I think < PROPMALE > would be proud that I'm still \temporarily\ " using a purple phone . What an awesome color . " 
Watching my man , < PROPFIRST > De Niro win a < PROPFEMALE > Globe Award . 
If you saw me standing and waiting in line , would you tell if I was wasting my time ? 
Wow , I learned something new tonight :) 
Prove you're still alive or they're gonna think you can't survive . 
Life's a lot like fishing . You won't catch anything unless you cast something . Think I may go down to the river today ... 
Pumped some serious iron today , thanks to my coach , Mr. < PROPFIRST > Thompson ! 
You know , when thinking about it , I feel I probably would have felt more at home wielding a sword and standing for some code of honor in a lost forgotten time . Where's the dignity these days ? 
Tomorrow , I am probably going to get a ticket for an April show of the best band in the world ... Rush !!! 
Happy Birthday Papa Wiebe !! ( He has no facebook I can comment on ) . 
You can tell me that I got no class , look around , you'll see who's laughing last . Don't give me speeches , cuz they oh so droll ' , leave me alone , let me rock and roll . 
LMFAO ... Really ? I'm a little amused about now ... 
I didn't know you very well , but it still pains me to hear news like this . R.I.P. 
Oh , cute girl at the hospital workout room , you make weekday afternoons oooohhhhh so nice :) 
You can remind me of all the things I may never be , but I'll keep going , because I know I have much better coming to me . 
Well , I have to say my life's story has been fairly interesting until lately . The end of Ch . 24 and beginning of Ch . 25 are a little dull and repetitive . Time to shake this writer's block and give this story a much needed surprise twist . Different setting , more characters , and a better theme . 
Well , it's official . Exactly two months from tonight , I will be spending an evening with Rush . It will be amazing ... 
It's okay to lose track and veer in a different direction , just try not to lose your head along the way . 
I'd love for a symphony , but I'd be more than happy to take a masterpiece ... 
My tooth < PROPFEMALE > plastics have a score to settle with your shelled vice-versa . 
If I dare to be , can I still be me ? 
Wow , what a day it's been ... 
I hope things get better for you , < PROPMALE > . I'll be thinking of you ... 
Been doing some thinking lately and I concluded that I liked college so much that I may look into someday going back ( grad school that is ) . I'm going to contact Lady Luck , Dr. < PROPMALE > , Mr. Fate , and my own freewill to see what we can come up with . Oh yeah , and some advisors , too ! 
Anybody interested in a surrogate < PROPFIRST > for today ? I'll be single all day . Women only . Send resumes . No experience necessary . Offer ends soon . 
Happy Singles Awareness Day everybody !!!! 
Someday ... 
Ohh Rush ... A band that appeals to both guys who like to fix cars as well as guys who like to fix math problems :) 
My victories may sometimes look small , but brick by brick , I'm taking down my wall ... 
Might as well live for what you love . What else are we doing ? 
I have to say it was strange seeing one of my musical heroes just win an < PROPFIRST > . < PROPMALE > Reznor is awesome . Enough said . 
Let's roll ... 
\Long live the new flesh \"" 
A damn successful day it has been . 
Good night , you've all been great ! 
Looks like I'm gonna see my favorite musicians and favorite comedian both in the same month . April , you will rock ! 
Man , I love me some < PROPMALE > Parsons Project . 
Burger < PROPMALE > . Where all Dragon Masters eat ... 
Starting my new job on Monday . And it's mainly outdoors !!! 
