bored 

I'm tierd did fall asleep tell 4 got up at 7 
with what phone ? 
i need something to do i'm so boooooorrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeedddddddd 
foodstamps are out : C i'm hungry 
Heeeeeyyyyy yoooouuu guuuuuyyyyyyssss 
i hate goodbyes 
really really bored 
on day's like this i like to ........ 
\Maybe he wont find out what i know you were the last good thing about this fucking town \"" 
camping trip the 17th-19th ? for my birthday 
anything fun going on tonight ? 
whats going on tonight ? 
is anything going on at all tonight ? 
ORGY AT TOMS ? WAH WAH WAH WAAAH lololololol http://chatter.com/a/jazy3?ref=nf 
ok goodnight http://chatter.com/a/jb5dx?ref=nf 
rolling fattys smokin blunts who smokes the blunts we smoke the blunts http://chatter.com/a/jdyid?ref=nf 
watch the video on my < PROPFEMALE > 
laters it's time for me to go play beer pong http://chatter.com/a/jefsp?ref=nf 
shit\ 
\ 
:/ 
i'm bored entertain me .... and i want my money http://chatter.com/a/jerqc?ref=nf 
goodnight everyone http://chatter.com/a/jgouz?ref=nf 
it's a holiday in methford http://chatter.com/a/jinex?ref=nf 
where's the party at ? 
is there seriously no partys tonight ? http://chatter.com/a/jkl34?ref=nf 
what a gay night 
wtf this night sucks 
yeah tonight won't suck 
< PROPFEMALE > so pull together with me on this and \ 
everyone should help me plan the camping trip for next weekend . i need \ 
to know who all is going and how much everyone can chip in for booze and chasers . 
what's goin on ? 
whats up yall ? 
i'm bored whats going on today/tonight ???? 
Thank you everyone who took the time to say happy birthday you guys rock 
no one's gonna throw me a party because everyone blew off saving up money like they said they would lol kids are lame 
hit up 541 840 2479 to get ahold of me ... only call if you know of something to do tonight or my < PROPMALE > well get pissed people are blowing up his phone 
hit me up if you want to go camping 541 840 2479 hurry we need more cars to take everyone lol 
20 beers = rancid farts lol 
i need to fix my sleeping scheduale i've only been awake for 2 hours wtf 
woke up at 7 and went job hunting .. i fell accomplished 
someone save me i'm so bored and everyones still f***ing sleeping 
wake up , grab beer , grab rear , shave beard put on some clean gear 
want to go hike table rock or go rock climbing i havent done ither in forever 
to parents who use meth ... you'll eventully wind up destroying your child or losing it and well have no one to blame but yourself 
lates leave me love 
I'm tierd 
Anyone want to buy a gerber knife from me ? $45 ? 
Anyone want to Buy a Gerber Skining Knife $45 
Would I Go Back to Change Things ? Yeah I Would , 
Whats there to do tonight ? i havent done anything social for awhile . 
Fml how do i fuck up everytime ? 
what a lame night ... kevin your a faggot !! 
if you hate falling asleep alone clike like 
when you grab ahold of me tell me that i'll never be set free . 
so state of the union is the best rise against song ever 
and off i go 
If you are reading this , even if we dont speak that often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When youve finished , post this as your own status , youll be suprised what people remember about you ! 
Bored outta my mind walked 15 < PROPMALE > to get in town and still have to wait tell 10 :/ 
kinda like a rollercoaster 
I love it when i get ignored it makes me feel important lol 
so who's gonna be voting to leagalize marajuana ? 
Sativa is looking for a new home if anyone wants or knows anyone who would want to take her let me know asap please . 
seeing what needs to be changed and working on it 
Cousins are there as childhood friends . When \ 
we are older , cousins are there as forever friends . No one will ever \ 
understand your crazy family like your cousins ! Repost if you have \ 
cousins that make you smile :) 
sigh 
wow fucking ridiculous last time i trust someone to be there when i need them most 
woo : 
Hey sweetie , i need you here tonight . and i know you don't wanna be leaving tonight 
hmm :/ 
Sativa has a new home . I need a bowl 
Idk 
Getting ready for thabksgiving service 
New number 541 613 2332 hit me up new job < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > your a fag go suck a < PROPMALE > 
Things are starting to look up next step finish g.e.d and get a place . 
I love how you can accuse me of being on drugs but can't say who told you I am . Fuck you 
Why does everyone think putting cartoons up will stop child abuse ? Their parents are still fucked up 
hmmm ? ignored ? 
Outta my mind may be back soon 
Get to spend the night with Kady . XD ... Super Stoked . 
Marry christmas everyone . 
I love when people can talk shit online I live in medford faggot my < PROPFIRST > 541 613 0486 hit me up when you get here bitch 
Day and night . I toss and turn i keep stressing my mind , mind . I look for peace but see i don't attain . What i need for keeps this silly game we play , play 
so sativa ran away from the people who took her . Who wants to go to ashland and help me find her 
new years isn't looking so good :( 
Thank you for your support everyone ilove you 
stressed can't sleep i feel sick and i have so much to do tomorrow . If you pray keep me in them i'm trying it out again . 
good morning everyone . Still no sleep . I hope i can get everything done quick status 
I turn my head to the east i don't see nobody by my side . I turn my head to the west still nobody in sight so i turn my head to the north swallow that pill they call pride that old me's dead and gone but the new me will be alright . Cause oh , i've been travlin on road to long , just tryin to find my way back home , the old me's dead and gone dead and gone . 
i need an ipod charger and someone who can add some good rock music to it its too full of rap 
kevin ... doritos ... you know what i mean lolololol 
good night . Finally no people to keep me up 
i need something to get my mind of this . I keep trying to remember with no luck at all then i let my imagination play 50 diffrent scenarios ... so much stress . 
i just want to talk to her . 
I hate how some people know more than i do about what went on it wont leave me alone 
no sleep tonight i guess . 
to tired to sleep anyone wanna txt ? 
sleep mabey ? i doubt it . 
what's your plans for the day ? 
To all of my new haters i'm sure i've aquired . Suck my < PROPMALE > i am aware shit went down theres no denying that what exactaly happened idk only one person does . Fuck you keep hating it dosnt change the truth . 
i need an escape from the stress , halo reach be my drug . 
I'm staying off facebook for a couple days . If you need something txt me 541 613 0486 ? 
i need a ride to white city . can anyone help ? 
shitty ... no ride 
: C 
this makes me feel better than i already did . :/ 
is silence the best answer ? 
Goodbye . 
I need someone to buy me a pack of smokes . 
an excelent night hopefully leads to and excelent day . 
life's a bitch naw better yet a dumb broad 
In the words of < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > , excellent . 
you can take the kid outta the scene but you can't take scene outta the kid . 
i well break your fucking collar bone bone us against the world better chose what fucking side ya on . 
ya i call it how i see it , wish i never met ya , i wouldn't wanna be , pussy ass nigga i don't want your gonorrhea . 
The world is my play ground don't fuck with my swing set . 
he that getteth wisdom loveth his own soul : he that keepeth understanding shall find good . Proverbs 19:8 
Look at where i landed you would think i planned it , i'm just doin me and you will never understand it , blowin purple clouds nigga i'm so sky high i ain't cuttin anybody slices outta my pie . 
I'm still fly , i'm sky high and i dare anybody to try and cut my wings 
At the boreder like i swear i have nothing to to declair , i am nothing like these other niggas comin out this year , even if you never met me you can tell i'm on that same shit loyal as a motha fucka nobody be sayin shit . 
i really need someone to talk to msg me or txt me 541 613 0486 
anyone want to buy my ipod ? $50 has charger and head phones w/ music on it . 
sleeping on a bed for once , it's fucking amazing . Lol 
i don't think i say it very often , to my friends and family , thank you for all the help and support you guys give , i appriciate it very much . 
:3 btw i changed the meaning of that smily , it dosn't look like a cat it looks like someone getting t-bagged so it's the t-bag face from now on lol :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 if you read this , you got t-bagged 
Go greenbay stomp those cubs , i know there the bears but what a bullshit team lucky wild card pick . 
wow the bears must feel like shit losing a playoff game at home ouch ! 
now lets see if the jets can live up to my expectations . 
master if i can't make love to a woman can i still uhh .. \master\ " no you we'll go cross eyed \ " points at own eyes\ " lol gotta love the love guru . " 
And now i am offically the biggest duchebag asshole piece of shit ever fml 
a good night . 
my night ,... better than expected . 
I need a back massage a neck massage , and a sholder massage lol 
Kids these days . 
it's green and smells skunky , < PROPFIRST > i don't think this is tabacco ! 
my attorneys a duche . 
break through the undertow your hands i can't seem to find , pollution burns my tongue cough words i can't speak so i stop my struggling , then i float to the surface fill my lungs with air then let it out 
fuuuuuuuuucccccckkkkkk . 
stressed and hungry . 
Goodmorning Methford , and other towns it's lazyday 
Tacobell sounds dank 
so just an early announcment , the packers won the superbowl lol . 
goodnight fb oh how you bore me 
I feel so tired but i can't sleep . 
Gonna have an awsome night if it's anything like my day :p 
ten dollars is a lot harder to find than expected . 
my nephew might be here tonight , i'm tired let's hope he waits till tomorrow 
so bored 
If you're one of us then role with us . 
bhvcxfytuj vcfxdtyukilb , v0cxfdcfgtrhyukijlomn , 
i'm funky not a junkie but i know where to get it . 
sometimes i wonder if i have the copeland curse . :/ 
so i'm just realizing my so called best friends are pieces of shit and my ex is a homie hopper lol grow up , don't try to go behind my back tell me pussy's 
never fails :/ goodnight . 
Is this a step or a leap ? 
stuffed and sleepy lol 
i feel like an ass 
come on greenbay don't let me down now :p 
cheeseheads , cheeseheads !!!!!!!!!!!!! Go packers !!!! 
i win ;) 
my two week prediction came true lol packers rule 
lol the green lanterns original costume had a red shirt 
get off my shit . 
i love having fb mobile i can go poo and update about it at the same time lol 
bomb ass hamburgers ? i hope so . 
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm . 
i might have been born at night but i wasn't born last night . 
my balls hurt :( 
she's amazing . ;) 
It's amazing , it's like you're psycic , tylers in a good mood lets try and bring him down . @&$* off 
.................... 
why do people who are down destroy things so other are down with them . 
just because you are unhappy dosn't mean you have to try and ruin what makes me happy . 
you make me happy , i don't care what anyone else thinks . 
who wants to buy me a pack of smokes ? You'll be my hero if you do . 
another day of life in medford my friends and family are amazing and make me happy and my haters are pathetic and make me laugh , they can't cut my wings . 
Well , being honest isn't always good i guess . 
ouch . 
i'm bored , txt me 541 613 0486 
confused . 
drinking makes me feel like shit . 
my stomachd hurts so bad i don't want to roll over . 
my head and stomache are killing me 
ikdkdhdyvklsqwertyuiopasdfghkhgfsz789#'\ ? " 
Why can't i do anything ? 
tired , wondering how things are going to turn out . 
no sleep for me :/ anyone awake and want to txt ? 541-613-0486 
Sleep sounds so good , but if i sleep i won't wake up in time lol kids these days . 
Beautiful , amazing , perfect , idk any other way to describe you . 
had an amazing night played pool at rack em's ... sober . 
is it wierd that it bugs me when people just say love you and not i love you ? The I just seems like the most important part of those 3 words . 
IDGAF what you say about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , his music fucking owns . 
why do i feel like i've fucked up already ? 
i want a bowl . This is the worst headache my skull feels like it's going to split and my eyes feel like their gonna pop out . 
i wish there was something i could do :/ 
what has two thumbs and needs a drink ?.... this guy 
Within my bones the resonates , boiling blood will circulate . - rise against . 
I need something to do , so bored and no one to chill with . 
love is the answer at least to mosth the questions of my heart , like why we're here , where do we go , and how come it's so hard , it's not always easy as sometimes life can be deciving , i'll tell you one thing i always feel better when we're together . 
i wish i was in boxing or cage fighting right now , i'm so fucking irritated , shutting my phone off so someone who dosn't deserver it gets the raw end of it . 
so i just saw the the new zodiac , i am not a < PROPFIRST > , i am a motha fuckin virgo .... No offense to < PROPFIRST>'s 
what do i want to do ? Something that requires energy . 
Every single night we fight , to try and get a little high on life . 
Bored 
my family wonders why i get mad at them , maybe if you included me with whats going on i wouldn't . 
oh , he punched my shark . 
once again ... I fail . 
turning my phone off talk to y'all later 
ok ... Well goodnight then i guess . 
confused 
what a way to wake up . I'm sorry babe . 
goal for today , find a new job . 
wow ... so no my phone won't txt , i need $45 to get it turned back on :/ 
hooka time , coconut shesha . 
bored and my phone is shitting on me 
what's going on tonight ? 
hunger why must you exist , 
RAWR 
And now i'm an asshole . 
Confused ... I need a stiff drink . 
I'm bored and tired , whats going on tonight ? 
If i was a dinosaur i'd be called lickalotapus , if you were a dinosaur you'd be called megasaurass . Lol 
My day's been all over the place but it's the end of the day and i think everything is going to be fine . You're amazing babe . 
Tired , what to do tomorrow . I mean today . 
Why can't i sleep ? 
I can't even remember if i ever met him . R.I.P Grandpa < PROPFIRST > . 
Wtf i already used all my txt's well write me on here or call me if you want to chill , 541 613 0486 
I want to go out to the snow , and out there i wish time wouldn't flow . 
If you want to get ahold of me make it a phone call not a txt i'm outta txts so calls and fb are the only way to reach me . 
:3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 
You actually < PROPMALE > up on me :( 
Anyone have extra lip rings/studs ? I need a 3 total , 2 for my lip and at least a loop for my septum . 
So many people . 
I am so hungrey , and i have no food at all to eat :/ 
I'd have brought you food . Not just givin you a lecture . 
I just can't stop fucking up . 
I wish i was a phone . 
Wow gave myself a headache . 
Today sucks , i've already pissed off 3 people . 
Admiral Asshole is up and running , who should my next victem be ? Any suggestions , i really dgaf today , i'm pretty confident only one thing can make my day get worse . 
Not straight outta compton , a crazy fucker named < PROPFIRST > pass the pipe so i can get higher , you know i'm down with grove street but all these young punks don't even know me . 
Baby i love you i never want to let you go the more i think about the more i want to let you know that everything you do is super fucking cute . 
Suprising turn around . 
On cloud 10 yeah thats right i'm past cloud 9 
What you reppin foo . 
Bored .. 
And now nothing to do .. hmmm 
............. fuck 
I hate feeling bad . 
Wow just got hit by a truck backing out of a driveway . Fml my legs sore . 
We sit on front porches and swing life away , we get by just fine here on minumum wage , if love was a labor i'd slave till the end , i won't cross these streets untill you hold my hand . ~ rise against . 
Devine intervention couldn't stop how i feel . 
Anyone have a copy of zoolander i can barrow ? 
Soooooo fulllllllllllll . 
Truth is , everyones going to wind up hurting you , you just have to figure out who's worth suffering for ~ < PROPMALE > Marley 
possesion charge ..... droped 
halo 3 .... yes indeed lol it took me 10 rounds to hit 25 
sofa < PROPMALE > bored 
domination , everyone quit but me and one kid ... final score 19-6 lol get wreaked 
i should probablly sleep ... but sleep is for the weak , so i don't need no rest untill i am fucking dead 
dbz abrigaged . so picolo your not a human right , \yeah\ " and your dad spit you out as an egg right ? \ " yeah\ " are are you a yoshi ?.... \ " yes goku i'm a green fucking dinosaur " 
so i need a vote ... should i cut my hair or leave it 
so my hair is gone 
