I have assimilated . 

another long boring day at home .. alone .. i am so lame ... : / 
just chillaxing .. waiting for my < PROPFIRST > to get home form work .. i feel like i never see him anymore : / 
some fucking people need to learn to keep their noses out of other peoples fucking business ... 2 things you NEVER fuck with ... someones freedom and their fucking children ... i am ready to fucking bitch slap a fucking cunt . 
i wanna take a ride on your disco stick .... ;) 
had a fucking awesome time last night with my < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and winston .... we gotta do it again soon .... 
why must people be so arrogant ? i mean , really , whats the point of being a condescending asshole ? nobody likes a person who acts like that .... grow the fuck up . 
i am feeling kinda bummed today .. not sure why ..... guess it's just one of those days 
I sense the decay , the flies are coming ... 
put the kids to bed ... all 3 of them were possessed by satan today :( relaxing and waiting for my < PROPFIRST > to get home from work , can't wait to see him ! 
some days , if it was possible , i'd run to the edge of the world and take a flying leap into the void of space ... 
so listen to this bullshit .. the water is shut off at where i live and they say it should be back on by tuesday ... TUESDAY !? that is unacceptable ! 
watching Ace Ventura : Pet Detective .... i fucking love this movie .... hilarious ! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have \ 
been affected by someone , who needs a punch in ther face . People who \ 
need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no \ 
cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the\ 
face , but we can raise awareness . 93% of people won't repost this . They\ 
need a punch in the face too 
had a lovely night with my jason .... :) 
~ Devils speak of the way in which you manifest ... Angels bleed from the tainted touch of my caress ~ 
so i have deceided that Lady Gaga is fucking awesome ... i know it's a little different than what i usually like but fuck it ... she is a hot bad ass chick ! and if Mr. Mason digs her than she MUST rock ! 
be careful !!!! apparently there are some rouge vampire bees lurking in the area .... 
i am just a dirty little secret ..... 
what do you do when you feel like you aren't sure who you are anymore and like you are losing yourself ? Where do you go to find you ? WHERE IS THE LOST AND FOUND BOX !? ;) 
really wants to do something tonight !!! someone , anyone ;) , lets do something ... 
going out with my girlfriend , Miss CherryPie .... should be an interesting time ... ;) 
hanging with the kiddos .. doing some house bitch work ... and rocking out ! 
soooo tired !! as soon as the kiddos leave i am taking a long nap .... :) 
Crime\ 
\ 
2010\ 
In 2010 the following crime statistics were reported to the \ 
Pennsylvania Uniform Crime Reporting System by the Mifflinburg Borough police \ 
department :\ 
Sex related offenses - 0\ 
Robbery - 100\ 
Assaults - 55\ 
Property Offenses - 123\ 
Arson - 1\ 
Drug Violations - 2458\ 
Total Alcohol Crimes - 50\ 
Are You Aware ? Pennsylvania State Police Focus Report 2010 . \ 
WOW ... look at how many drug violations there are !!! 
Today , September 19th is National Talk like a Pirate Day ... I am totally serious .... scalliwags ! 
i am feeling a little out of sorts today ... not sure why .. maybe it has something to do with the lunar cycle ? 
~ IdLE hANdS aRe ThE DEvILs PLayTHinGs ~ 
catching up on some shit .. went to see resident evil : afterlife in 3D today ... was sorely disappointed ... 
~ slit our wrists and send us to heaven ; the first flower after the flood ~ 
chillaxing with my < PROPFIRST > and mikey .... 
oh my god ! the children are being atrocious today .... i can see it's gonna be a long day ..... is it bedtime yet ???? 
wonders why i even use this ... every time i log in i see something that makes me feel shitty .... 
getting persnickered ..... not too sure if thats such a good thing .... 
i think i am a fucking idiot .... i am violating the wizards first rule ..... : / 
does anyone else agree with me that SAW : 3D is going too far ? i mean really ??? 
well just got back on here after a week or so and right away i gotta see shit that upsets me .. : / fuck ! 
mmmmmm coffee ... gotta love the simple things .... :) 
ahhhhhh .... relaxation time ....... 
Hell-flavored ... I got mood poisoning , it must be something that I hate ... 
fuck . fuck ! FUCK ! FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! too much shit on my mind ... driving myself crazy .... 
looking for a place in Mifflinburg ... if anyone sees anything let me know asap !! 
so , i wake up and really could go for some coffee ... i make some and lo and behold .... no sugar : / fucking bummer in my face ... lol 
Lay my hands on heaven and the sun and the < PROPFEMALE > and the stars ; while the devil wants to fuck me in the the back of his car ..... nothing quite like the feel of something new .... 
when am I going to come first ?? i feel like an afterthought ... and you wonder why I feel the way I do .... 
Before Him , beg to serve or please . On your back or knees ..... 
Desperation strips me , these last days have not been free . Stealing every breath from me . Whispering defeat ... 
Be spiderwebbed and glazed in frost , she wears death beautifully . More stunning now than in her life , on a bed of autumn leaves ... 
today is mikey's birthday .. we are on a mission to have a good fucking time !!!!! 
so < PROPMALE > has a little girlfriend named jackie ... it's so cute , he says she is '' his girl '' ... he says he gets angry when she plays with other little boys ... lol 
so , i have developed a recent fasination with < PROPMALE > Jones and Jonestown .... that was one deluded and fucked up man ..... BUT what charisma ! I guess when you have 1000 devoted cult members you gotta have '' it''! 
Miss < PROPFEMALE > is getting ready to turn violent .. point me to the nearest clock tower ..... 
Hope is for dreamers- I only have nightmares ..... 
will someone PLEASE come and just put me out of my misery ???? 
We're both schizophrenic I fear , say how many voices you hear ... 
soooooo cold ..... :( 
He ate my heart , then he ate my brain .. that boy is a monster ! 
For her lust , she'll burn in hell . Her soul done medium well . All through mass < PROPMALE > stimulation . Salvation ! 
i need some quick $$ .... any one have any ideas ???? need help with something ... cleaning , babysitting , anything ! 
~ Slit our wrists and send us to heaven . The first flower after the flood ~ 
you ever wish some people would die and come \ 
back a zombie so you could personally blow their head off with a shotgun\ 
without penalty 
well , i am feeling awfully shitty today ... it seems nothing ever gets better ... everything good gets fucked . i might as well dig a hole , climb in and never come out . 
.... just a car crash away .... 
Jeepers creepers . Where'd ya get those peepers !? Jeepers creepers . Where'd ya get those eyes ?! 
i am oh so bored ... all alone with nothing to do ... mehhh ..... 
so i am thinking of being a '' dead doll '' for halloween ... i gotta work with what i have since i am a poor motha fucka .. lol 
feeling swimmy , trying to wake-up .. gonna go see r.h.p.s @ the campus with < PROPFEMALE > and dippy ... so excited .. i get to dress up ! watch out world , i am gonna wear a skirt ! hahahahaha 
spending my favorite night of the year without my favorite person ...... overall had a shitty halloween ... but the night isn't over yet .... 
~ choking you gently , gaining control . Hand you a shovel to dig your own hole ~ 
Can I steal your mind for a while ? Can I stop your heart for a while ? Can I freeze your soul and your time ? Scorpion flower , token of death . Ignite the skies with your eyes ... 
Can\ 
I steal your mind for a while ? Can I stop your heart for a while ? Can I\ 
freeze your soul and your time ? Scorpion flower , token of death . Ignite\ 
the skies with your eyes ... 
Don't think too much , just bust that < PROPMALE > . I wanna take a ride on your disco stick ;) 
having some coffee and chillaxing with some skinny puppy ..... 
In the shadow of the light from a black sun . Frigid statue standing icy blue and numb ; where are the frost giants I've begged for protection ? I'm freezing ... 
is it just me or did the fun sized < PROPFEMALE > bars get smaller this year ?? 
bored ! watching happy days .. waiting for my < PROPFIRST > to get home .... 
enjoying my coffee .. then out and about with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
chillaxing with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and j ... maybe hanging with mr. woolsey later on ... 
ugghhh ... so ready for bed . can't wait til my < PROPFIRST > gets home .. all i wanna do curl myself around him ... 
i suppose it's time for some coffee ... and then ........??? 
Gotta love naked Sundays <3 
~ Every time you roll up a dollar bill , you suffocate the President ~ 
today is a coffee sort of day .... i feel like death ... 
chillaxing with < PROPMALE > , dippy , and sam ..... and my mr. damien ... 
Grocery shopping ... ohhh joy . : / 
time to relax .. maybe read a bit .. waiting for my < PROPFIRST > to get home ... 
anyone wanna buy a steam cleaner ?? it's new and a bissel .. i need $$$ !!! 
is seriously ready to < PROPFEMALE > it up .. :( 
feeling pretty bummed .. i need a hug :( 
~ a pill to make you numb , a pill to make you dumb , a pill to make you anything at all ~ 
so i have a ton of little boy clothes ... sizes from probally 12m- 2t i got go through them all .. if you need some or know someone let me know ! 
run an ' tell that , home boy ! :) 
something horrible is happening !! i am .. out of ... COFFEE !!!! NNOOOOO !!!!! 
if i'm a danger to myself , just think what i could do to you .... 
feeling disturbed today .. i keep having terrible nightmares , but i can't remember them when i wake up .. but they are bad enough that i wake up crying ... wtf ?? 
mmmmmm .... egg rolls :) 
is feeling mostly ghostly today ...... the nightmares continue .... 
the myth that when you die in your dreams you die in real life sounds good .. but it doesn't work that way ... if it were true i would have dies hundreds of deaths .... 
waiting for mr. damien to get home from school .. then just chillaxing ... is it just me or does it look like it's gonna snow !? 
ummmm , weird question ... are there any female Transformers ??? 
Can I steal your mind for a while ? Can I stop your heart for a while ? Can I freeze your soul and your time ? -ScorpionFlower 
~ Light a candle for the sinners ... Set the world on fire ~ 
fighting off a killer headache ... stressing hard core about various things ... as if i don't worry enough , i find something in the washer after i did some laundry that is bugging the hell out of me ... 
why can't i just let it go ? why must i question everything ? why can't i just accept and believe ? why must i ruin everything ? 
chillaxing ... slowing getting ready to go out tonight with my < PROPFIRST > and mikey .... 
ugh .. another long and boring day for adrienne .... will 10 o'clock ever get here ?? someone save me !! :) 
hanging around at home ... would love some company for this evening ... :) 
ugh , the day is just dragging on !!!!!! I am so bored i could scream ! 
Dear YouTube , oh , what would I ever do without you to help me fill the endless days .... 
tonight is our last night in montandon .... i hope everything works out for us .... : / 
~ Life like and posable , hopeless and disposable ~ 
god damn you , < PROPMALE > trotterski !!!!!!! oh and go eat a bag of dicks while you are at it ..... 
IMPERVIOUS ... \ 
Definition :\ 
1 . not responsive : remaining unmoved and unaffected by other people's opinions , arguments , or suggestions\ 
2 . not letting something through : not allowing passage into or through something 
~ forbidden in heaven and useless in hell ~ 
And when we were good you just close you eyes so when we are bad we\ll scar your minds " 
it's so simple but so true ... actions speak louder than words .... you say something over and over but until you act to prove what you are saying the words mean nothing ..... 
nothing is ever how it seems . i feel like everyone knows something that i don't but should . and i look like a fucking idiot . well they say ignorence is bliss .... 
