fuck you brown , catch a ball\ 
double fuck you mcgloin 

Im gonna die of heat stroke , theres no way around it 
I feel sorry for people who don't drink . When they wake up in the morning , thats as good as they're going to feel all day . 
Home . Finally . Yes 
So I do the only thing i know how to , to get by . I'm livin for the night . 
the best way out is through 
I feel as tho if in ur life u arent in some way associated with Penn State , u hav failed life . Miserably 
I literally enjoyed havin a shitty day . There has got to b sumthin wrong wit me 
I cant wait for the beach 
home 
In the end , i will fail you . :) 
First day of classes : doable . Tomoro might be a lil ugly 
i think we just invented a new drink 
i hav found one class to love so far 
im gonna spoon u to DEATH !!! 
u need to see matisyahu live before u die 
highlighter partys r the way to go . period 
preparing for the riot when PSU beats bama 
i love thursdays 
i never want to leave PSU on a home game ever again 
is yall really a weird thing to say ? ppl here like they never hear it 
it is faaarrr too early in the day to feel like this 
guess temples gonna have to wait another year to try n beat PSU 
if it is to be , then its up to me 
lazy days in los < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I want to fly away ... 
i despise homework . in college ? this should not happen 
passion pit 
AHHHH !!!! 
macaroni 
pope halloween . its gonna work 
i may never take my pope costume off 
i wish god was half the man JoePa is 
i wanna invent holidays all the time 
i do not enjoy donating blood . 
im so happy to be out of cell phone range in a few hours 
to everyone who wished me a happy birthday : thanks so much for the thought , i did\ 
to anyone who didnt : fuck off 
finally back from the woods 
and the weekend is here ... 
i cant wait for this week to be over ... 
CHRISTMAS PTERODACTYL !!!!! 
my math final is gonna be the death of me 
HOME 
yup . ready for college 
mountains , then college . this works 
back at college . yes 
snow . so much snow . too much snow without a snowmobile 
is awesome 
is the pope 
listen to the becoming by nine inch nails if you would ever need to understand me 
i got some oceanfront property in arizona ... 
all i want is to be sleepy . to just be tired . that is all i ask 
And you will know that my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee 
im thinkin of gettin a new tattoo 
thursday is my newest new holiday . every thursday . how do u celebrate ? anyway u want , jus dont do work 
do you know why they put oxygen masks on planes ? 
is damn near in the mountains 
\everything is perverted in a different way\ " . i like this thought " 
so im thinkin of buyin a gorilla suit so i wont stand out to the cops on saturday 
unmitigated rage ruins ur day . it really does 
im tired of < PROPFIRST > sheen talkin bout my life 
and i fear im the only one who thinks this way 
the leading cause of on the job deaths in workplaces is homocide . how reassuring 
goin home here directly . yes 
i forgot bein home means bein really busy 
people sleep peaceably in their beds only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf 
< PROPMALE > is a totem pole , you fucker 
third lamb of the year was just born . at least one more on the way . gona b a gud year 
holy christ , i survived break 
english by night , < PROPFEMALE > by mornin . yup 
god , today reminds me of a certain other green < PROPFEMALE > themed holiday 
Dammit < PROPFIRST > . I was lookin forward to seein u when i got home 
i want sunshine for more than 10 minutes . thatd be great 
aint it a bitch when your car's transmission breaks down , and your not the one driving it ? Or even near it ? 
i need a tall glass and some < PROPFIRST > strait on the radio 
trout season is almost here ! 
today needs to end . directly . 
insomnia is a fun time 
