Surviving the School Year of ' 10 

Life is like a nut you can't crack ... 
Senior Tag Status : < PROPFEMALE > ... That was fun , they should have another one during the summer . 
Germany ... Week 1 is now complete . Have a better idea on what to do these next two weeks . \ 
PS . Everything in Germany is smaller ... and the computer keyboard is odd . 
Just the other day I went Wakeboarding in Germany ... Face planted into the water 5 times before finally staying up . Until I face planted again about 5 minutes later . All I have to say ... Missioned accomplished . 
Paintballing ... taste like ear wax . Hopefully snowboarding will taste better . 
Paintball ... taste like ear wax . Snowboarding should taste better today . 
I just got from Berlin today ... so many cool things . So I check internet when I get back and I find out something ... there may have been a manga convention going on , and on a different note it was freaking hot . 
So ... today is my last day here in Germany . I know for sure that a certain person will be glad that I´m coming back . < PROPFIRST > your going to have to get use to this . 
In a London airport waiting is long but not as long the final leg of this trip 
Guess who's back ! That's right I've returned from Germany , and I'm glad to be back baby . But now I'll need to get ready for < PROPFIRST>'s arrival . 
I picked up on a crack crazy idea ... and it's totally legal . Jumpstyle dancing ... I will try to master this mad skillz dance . 
So the sad truth is upon me now ... Tomorrow I will be leaving for the infamous Corp Hell Week and I will lose my hair ... literally . So if you have any final words for my hair go ahead and say them . 
Well today we opened the gates and walked ... tomorrow Hell gives it to us . 
THIS FISH FEELS LIKE SHIT ! \ 
Had myself a good cry a few minutes ago ... Upperclassman helped me out and explained it all . Arms are sore , but beside that I should be fine . Their just breaking us down to build us up . I hate to admit it but I miss you guys . 
Note to self ... purchase the following items ... \ 
Sore throat medicine , Advil , IceHot , more granola bars and more time . \ 
I could really use more time ... The aches are just getting worse . 
- < PROPFEMALE > COMPANY ... FALL OUT ! \ 
DEVIL RAYS WE'VE GOT GUTS ! \ 
WE'RE NOT AFRAID TO NUT TO BUTT ! \ 
EEEEEEEHHHHHHHH ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Company Sheild is finished ... Two letters ... B ... A ... \ 
Finally was able to wash some clothes ... still need to do whites but will do that when I get back from Salt Camp . \ 
Final words ... Maroon Head ... better known as sunburn . 
I have returned from SALT camp ... Need to finish laundry and puttin stuff away . Anyways SALT camp was except it was hot ... So this Thursday is ' Club Night ' where we get to see all the local clubs and organization , at SALT we learned and cool dance and I'm goin to bust a move when the song comes on ... oh and join a few clubs while I'm at it . P.S. Talked to a cute girl at SALT camp , I feel accomplished . 
Finished my first two classes ... Lawhon is a freaking awesome teacher to have ... one of the best comedians there is . College life isn't that bad right now ... a lot more relaxed than a set day to day schedule like in high school . 
Cadet's Log 002 : Finished eating breakfast and recorded intake ... Checking Howdy to make sure I don't make a mistake on finding my classrooms . Today should be good at least thats the idea . 
So I here sitting with < PROPMALE > B . having a chat while we wait for Political Science to start . 
So I just realized right now that I am officially going to be hating Thursdays right ... 3 hours of ship maintenace without a < PROPMALE > to get lunch , my friend I do - I do declare that this bites really bad . 
The Midnight Yell was pretty good ... 
Guess who's back in town ... Thats right ... this Guy ... 
Returning to Galveston sometime later today ... and straight back into the business of things ... school during Labor Day ... seriously what 
Well it started raining now ... how depressing and not to mention really cold when walking into a building , freakin chills you like crazy 
The uniforms a little hard to work with , but I'll figure it out evenutally ... 
This weekend is going to be a pain in the butt for me ... white shoe polish , iron/steamer , haircut ... have no idea what else there is to get beside a game that had reserved earlier , I seriously hope its still there or else a certain person's head is going to roll , but only after he pays me $60 for the lost . 
All I have to say is that thank goodness < PROPMALE > is driving today , because eye need a much need rest from the contacts too much . 
Well this morning was better bad but this afternoon should be better ... maybe . 
OKay so yesterday I was given a compliment for studying during CQ when even though we didn't have anyone to keep an eye on us . So today I should get some stuff for the uniform and I maybe okay afterward 
So the day of reckoning is almost upon me ... Thursday I have watch on the Ship from 8 to Midnight and finally on Saturday I March In at < PROPFIRST > Field ... Man this is going to be a pain . 
On the way back to Galveston my care blew ... no correction shred it's back right tire ... someone must really be out there to get me ... anyways changing my tire with < PROPMALE>'s help I thought I was going to be late for study hour and get chewed out for it but by some saving grace I made it 5 < PROPFEMALE > . before ... seriously What just happened here ? 
Gone with wind for at least an hour , then later captured and throw into the hole ... story of my life right now ... its just great . 
It's raining and pouring ... great way to start the day ... 
Weekend is finally here and I'm still missin stuff for the room ... * sigh * Time to go back into town ... 
Phantom of the Opera you've just been reaped by the Repo man . \ 
Repo The Genetic Opera , is freaking amazing ... so dark , so satire , so beautiful . \ 
Why can't all opera's be this amazing ? I didn't love < PROPFEMALE > Vega as < PROPFIRST > from Spy Kids but now I Love her as the ill Shilo , and < PROPFEMALE > Brightman is definately a beautiful singer I was sad when sh ... e hit those < PROPFEMALE > gates ... hard . 
A bit of a flu and losing my voice ... It seem so weird not being able to talk like I normally do . I hate it when my voice cracks at key points . 
Well last night I checked the weather channel website and it saying it was going to be < PROPFEMALE > all this week ... and I thought oh great hot weather , but this morning it was chilly and I thought oh great chills with a < PROPMALE > of warmth . 
So weather is starting to cool down ... I'm not sure if I should be happy or not . 
So the weather is dropping now but it still not there yet ... just really chilly mostly because of the wind though . 
Chilly just a wee bit , but nothing big to say that is of great concern . 
Well this day is going to bite pretty hard , two exams for the day ... what more can I guy ask for ? Oh wait , I'm going to need a haircut for inspection tommorrow , freaking tastic . I could get a $8 haircut easy but guess what ... no cash . Out freaking standing , this day couldn't get any better . 
So tomorrow at 0400 to 0700 I'll be on watch and then later in the afternoon I'll be mirroring the morning again . This would be mean I'd be late coming home but who cares after this I have no watch for the rest of the month . 
Sentry's log 040 0-0 700 , Nothing of great importants happen besides the usual . Standing watch , protecting the Cape Gibson from the Ball-Ping Pirates and most importantly keeping an eye out for my arch-enemy ... wait is that ? ... * Gasp * SQUIRREL ! YOU'RE MINE !! 
History is cancelled today so must mean only one thing ... Mr. Lawhon is going to be a grandfather of twins . Congrats to him , and good luck to his daughter . 
So this weekend we have our last March-in for the year ... and we have to be at the Quads before 0845 ... Seriously ... what the heck ? 
Outstanding March-in ... Not so outstanding game ... not really a shocker but who cares . Kind-of wish it could've been better again , but whatever what's done is done . I'm still proud to be loudest and proudest member of the FIGHTIN ' TEXAS AGGIES ' CLASS OF ' 14 !! EH ! 
Not exactly sure what to do this morning ... Eye is still stinging but it should go away eventually . With no formation this morning it was pretty good waking up at my own time , even though I did wake up at 0630 , I was just lying in bed enjoying the moment . Well whatever there may or may not be history today but that will have to be seen . 
TWIC card here I come and hello +2 on the final < PROPFEMALE > grade . Not really much else I can say but that my printer just isn't working with me right now so those Chapter 7 notes I typed for Poli . Sci . have been for nothing seeing as I can't print ... * sigh * 
Can anyone really explain why politicians are so idiotic , and not just politicians but people in general ... Not really something I should be bothering with but I've been reading a conflict between < PROPFEMALE > and Japan , and it all started with a fishing boat ... 
I think I'll rub the anchor for luck seeing as I have a test in business math today . Man I really going to hate this test for sure ... 
So everything for my schedule was a little amissed but it wasn't hard to fix ... anyways long story short , class is canceled today , and now I can take care of some other business ... 
So I find out that my PoliS test that would be on Wed . is not happening ... Yes ! 
Today may be a bad day to go fly a kite ... very < PROPFEMALE > out there ... 
Midnight Yell was fun ... so now the plan for tommorow is to take of my lab then grab my stuff and try to get up to college station . On a different note , the ever lovely First Lady of Aggieland is taking resident on the second floor of Abatross ... In short , she is on my floor . Oh yeah ... and then there's oh no ... With the way my company acts I knew we were going to look bad in front of her . 
We win our football game , we went to go see a Red a very good movie , so now we'll be goin a little bar hoppin ' 
Heads up : Anybody who wants to talk to me today or the next few days here on Facebook should not bother ... If you want a reason , go bug the living crap out of my parents ... 
It rained , it poured , it blew , it gust and guess what ? It sucked ... but on a different note , the forecast that it should just be < PROPFEMALE > tommorrow ... Well that's going to blow ... 
Iama-Be ... staying in Galveston this weekend and taking care of personal business ... 
Feels like a good morning ... except during formation there was mosquitoe about as long as both of my thumb nails end to end ... I that was pretty weird ... 
The Zombie v . Human game begins tonight at 00:00 ... Good luck to the four members of < PROPFEMALE > and everyone else ... May the game lord have mercy on our game souls ... 
Day One ... I survived the first day ... little nervous but that was to be expected with someone who can't stand watching something really scary ... Anyways ... Day Two is just on the horizon and bullets are going to fly ... God speed to the survivors . 
So I forgot to say this but I had to get my number moved to a different phone . To get to the point , I just need people to send me a text just saying that this is your and and be sure to include your name . 
