So far today is a good day ... it has been 3 hours since ive had a smoke ... Pray to the various gods i dont turn into she hulk if someone sneezes 

Had a great convo with my little brother didnt bite anyones head off ... Although i cheated and had another half than a half of a smoke .... come on peeps gotta give me some type of credit here . Loves you alls 
Been waiting for two people to accept a friendship request for months now ... I suppose i shouldnt hold my breath ;-) 
I feel like i need a smoke .... Pray to your god's peeps i miss the taste of the tar ... Could put bubble yum in my younger selfs hair for being so stupid for starting . 
diito chickie sewing eh ? cool I crochet myself ... is making stuff with stuff cool ? 
AH I found my brother MY BLOOD BROTHER HAPPPPYYYYYY < PROPFIRST > I FOUND MY BLOOD BROTHER ... sorry for yelling 
I don't remember saving 95% on an apple ipad ???? 
now its an iphone and a 3d tv haha that cracks me up 
it is amazing how a test can claim your below average in intelligence , could it not be the questions asked are totally goof ball when it comes to the real world , now ask me if I know about ufos , then then I'll be marked genious ;} 
thank god < PROPFIRST > you were right my EQ is quite high at least it levels itself with the IQ test 
gotta get offline 
can't think eyes blurred jeezzzz i've been a jabberjaw today 
what in hades is a tag ? whats it do for the love of crumb won't someone edumacate me ;} 
boy , randomly pick a name from your past here it leads to 10 more people etc etc 
My hubby stole my pita bread 
Kick ass welcome cous peeps say hi to my big cousin 
Welcome < PROPFIRST > . Another fine young cannibal is part of the circle . < PROPFEMALE > 
ahhhhh , damn computer , trying to post a message . Anyhoo ya'll gotta check out my friend < PROPFIRST > and his band If you love punk you'll love them . www.myspace.com/outoforderoi 
P . S I'll be annoying ya'll on occation about them 
my hubby was asked my honesty box question his answer was < PROPMALE > Cranston aka the Shadow haha the Shadow knows ! ;} 
To all who know < PROPFIRST > Dub check out his notes ... thought involking and if you don't know him hell read them anyway . He never says S*&t just to say it . 
ugh ... this site is exciting yet depressing .... really puts you to thinking ... do I remember things correctly ? To those that matter I'll check in from time to time but life is meant to be led away from this thing ... heh lets see how long that thought lasts 
Cheers < PROPFIRST > ! Thanks for the hook up ! 
Sooo i just saw blue man group . Awesome . 
Its strange to hear about tukey day in october ! 
It sucks when you can relate to one's plight but have no choice but to be a spectater 
if you love punk or even just like it check out www.myspace.com/outoforderoi 
if you like punk checkout www.myspace.com/outoforedroi 
I donnnnnnn'tttttttt feeeeeeeeeellllllllll gooooooooooddddddd . watch out for the * sniffle * damn head cold going around it ssuuuuuuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkssssss 
Why cant life be more like < PROPFEMALE > trek ? 
Painting stuff rocks 
As well as my hands work , sewing is a nono for me I'm sooooooo stressed about heming a pair of pants ... HA if that is what stresses me out I guess I'm doing ok . 
Dont dictate to me who i can and cant love or support . It makes me very grrr . 
today is one of those days where it is hard to be positive 
ah hell this new updated crud is perplexing me ... can't seem to send a private message ahhhhhh ... I'll try again later 
The holidays make my head hurt . 
At this very moment i am sooo humbug 
Boondock saints rule the cosmos . 
Crunch time on the baking front . Wish me luck . 
Ok now ill never watch the f@ ? *in news again . The numb nuts said the eclipse was tonight . Im sorry < PROPFEMALE > , once again news and weather ruin a beautiful thing . 
lord knows when I'll have a < PROPMALE > to say < PROPFEMALE > X-mas happy holidays shalom and happy winter solstice Love you all my brothers and sisters , lets hope this round is a pleasent one ! 
I'm soooo full of happy feelings today ... even though bad stuff is happening ... thinking of comfortably numb by pink flloyd ... must find music to soothe this savage soul ... need to commune with anybody really ... off to read < PROPFIRST > Dubs notes ... Cheers ! 
Woke up in a tizzy cause it really urking me ... For the love of crumb does anyone know how to properly clean a guitar ? Its my father in laws and its in need of a little tender care wanted to clean it for him ... plus musical instruments should be cared for . Am i wrong ???? 
ugh just had a smoke than lost my cookies ... this is a good thing right ? yet another reason to quit 
Ok two of the best scenes from the ice age movies are from < PROPFEMALE > of the dinosaurs . The first is the tango scene between the male and female squirrels and the next is the crime scene spoofs about < PROPMALE > beating a t-rex with broccoli . 
death sucks . having a crummy day trying to hold it together for my husband . pray to your gods peeps that I don't either explode or implode . Loves ya all 
today is alright , could sleep for a year though 
Does anyone else remember the game mastermind ? Great board game . 
Is it just me or on occation does a husband need to be bopped on the nose with a newspaper ? 
I have looked everywhere ... it is official ... ive lost my banannas 
thank you dear hearts for the happy b days two thumbs up ! 
Jeezzzz still amazed by who you can find on this thing Mega death Cool ! 
alright I must share this thought with you all and if you choose to crack wise I don't blame you . Boy < PROPFIRST > is freakin ' awesome . ;P 
anyone else hear about the new zodiac sign ? according to what I hear I am now sagittarius ????? Sorry scientists but I was born capricorn I'll die as Capricorn !!!! 
Favorite xmen by far is wolverine . Best ever . 
Hairspray . Great musical . If you dig musicals check it out . < PROPFIRST > travolta in drag . Priceless 
Why do i feel like a complete idiot at times ???? still to this day am running to catch up with everyone else .... grumble grumble 
Poor bilbo baggins . He carried the weight of the world on his shoulders . Then it is shifted to frodo . Poor poor hobbits ... 
Not at all cool to be picking on bigger people ... Its like picking on someone who is gay ... Not at all cool . 
If anyone cares on the cartoon network they are playing mad for a while pretty damn funny ! 
No matter who plays him ... clark < PROPMALE > rocks ... i suppose that means superman rocks too ! Id still have to say that wolverine is still my all time favorite though ... close second is spawn ... then hellboy ... ok gonna shut up now :-D 
Ugh ! Good to commune with good people but has too much time gone by for some ? and buy the way if im too forceful in anything i am truly sorry ... not meaning to be ... Least i got myself ... that is an important thing ... i dont mind if you dont like me cause i do just dont pretend to . 
Its like a giant slushie out there ! 
If you dig < PROPFEMALE > monsters ie vampires and werewolves a new show being human is on syfy right at this moment 
Has anyone esle written any bad poetry ? Yeesh i gots a boat load of them .... :-D 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is one funny brit 
Futurama ... good for what ails ya 
Everyone should read < PROPFIRST > dubs notes ... period ! :-D 
Now its a giant snow globe out there ! 
Shoveling time ... not so bad with music blasting in my ears ! 
I have said it on more than one occation ... vulcans rule ! :-D 
Ok still trying to figure out this tag thing ... in order to snag a photo you have to claim you are in it ??? Or am i in desperate need of edumacation ? 
thank you all for the lovely game requests but it is not so much my thing if i do choose to check these out i will let you know much love 
wow ... I like 42 people ... wowwww ;} 
Well just finished my sleep study ... turns out i need air ! 
It has finally happened ... I think i am becoming more girlie girl ... when the hell did i start liking pink ????? 
Ugh feels like someone just walked over my grave ... ive got goose bumps here ... :-O 
I am laughing my ass off all because of the best of < PROPFIRST > kattan ... hahaha its sooo stupid but in a good way 
Who the hell came up with the buttered cat theory ???? i hate it when i forget details ... :-P 
does anyone know what happened to < PROPFEMALE > pollard ? 
Love her or hate her she has a good message ... \be kind to each other\ " < PROPFEMALE > " 
Omg ... The cutest thing in the world ... a cat singing the blues ;-) 
To my wonderful husband ... thank you for laughing at my dirty jokes ;-) you make this place my home 
Feelin like a million bucks feels good to be free ! 
It is one thing to fib when you are too little to know better ... it another thing when you are an adult ... i am furious right now and somebody will face my wrath ... i am sick of lying ... no more of it !!!! done !!! 
To reign we must keep silent . speak only when nesscessary .. yet another great lesson .. lets hope i can adhere to this 
well we seem to be over the first strom ... second one coming around 3 am ... bring it ! 
Snow+rain = ice blah 
I gotta stop typing when i wake up ... i have enough problems writing stuff :-D 
Meet the spartans is pure cheesy goodness ... ya wanna laugh check it out 
sick of shoveling snow ... maybe a snowman is in order ... 
creeped out due to some scummy dude lurking around the house ... hes gone now but lets just say my fur is up 
jeezz setting up a printer now a days is like working for nasa :P 
< PROPFIRST > simmons sweatin to the oldies is cracking me up hardcore ... this should be fun ;p 
making jam and jelly today not too shabby 
Everybody go outside and look at the < PROPFEMALE > theres a huge ass ring around it 
everyone i'd like to ask you to say a quick prayer to which ever god you pray to that my mother in law crosses over soon ... cancer sucks 
Thank you for praying to your gods ... rebecca r delory october 9 1955 - febuary 14 2011 
it has been a rough patch the past few days very tired 
Made more jam today ... laundry ... Moving branches from the drive way ... basically a slave to chores ;} 
Shovel shovel and more shovel my granddad was right if the stripe on the fuzzy catepillars is wide we are in for one heck of a winter ... a little indian wisdom to share 
Just saw the short 9 and than the movie 9 based on the short . It is stunning ... Dark but beautiful . Highly recommend this film cheers ! 
Sweet home alabama ... damn cute movie ... how many years has that been out ? 
Cross stitching ... not so bad once you figure out the pattern :-D 
Does anyone else here simply enjoy < PROPFIRST > and kumars antics ? If you have never seen either white castle or escape from guantanamo bay i recommend them ... pure gold 
Gotta go to a fam shindig today ... ugh oh how i hate large crowds .... ugh 
Why do i feel so blah today ...? 
Kung fu panda rocks if you enjoy this film check out the follow up secrets of the furious five it is short but sweeeeetttt :-D 
I'm as nervous as a yak in heat and I think I know why ....? The q is do I do anything about it ? or do I hide under a rock for a spell ? 
Laugh if you will but shakespeare curls my toes ... in a good way that is ! 
Oh by the way ... silence is golden ... but only if you want it ... good to hear a voice again :-D 
Planet of the apes ... gold ... space chimps ... priceless ... heeha im such a baby i think on the day i die ill be watching a cartoon ;-) 
Canadian bacon is gabisha redonculous ... How many of us really have canoes and dont pronounce our os ? Heeha 
Going for the first question session for a.d.d testing to see if my knat like attention span is that or something else ... it would all make even more sense if that is an issue ! Wish me luck peeps ... huh good thing im good at oral testing ! 
Its been over ten years since ive seen reservoir dogs ... What was i thinking ? Good job < PROPMALE > ! Favorite out of all of em ... mr. Blonde ! Sick f@*k ... clowns to the left of me jokers to the right ;-) 
step one of testing done today the next session is an IQ eval ... lets hope I dont score low ... yipes ! 
Is anyone else having trouble with their inbox retrieving ... facebook is cheezing me off ... Just a wee bit :-P 
Went to bugaboo creek for my hubbys bday ... filled with mountie wood statues and talking buffalo and moose heads ... great food and cheesy goodness ... awesome ;-) 
The movie up just pulls on my heart strings ... and yes ... it is a cartoon ! :-D 
Today is step two of figuring out why my focus is so bad ... i.q. That is 
Passed my i.q. Test sooo thats not the problem phase three focus and memorizing skills 
Why do i feel like im on a one way street going the wrong way ??? 
Doc oz is debating medical marijuna on wfxt if anyone is interested . I say yes legalize it for medicinal use ! I think what bothers me is that oxycontin is legal and damaging and addictive and an opiate but something completely natural not refinded is not permitted . Does that make sense ? I say hell if it helps a cancer patient i repeat a cancer patient eat and have less pain who are we to deny them relief 
I have to say that the karate kid with jayden smith is a great remake seen it about five times and i still get carried away by it 
I have some kick ass people in my life ... my dream ? That one day all of my brothers and sisters can meet ... heh when im a multi millionaire mayhalps that will happen ! 
How bad is the snow in novie ? We hardly got any snow here in weymouth 
Face/off is an exvellent film travolta and cage are fab actors ... soo believable 
