how much stress can one person handle ? 

wonders how many people in the world are not blessed with common sense ???? 
not feeling well today . Hope I'm not getting the flu . 
hot , sticky and sleep deprived !!! 
can't wait until Friday . Going to my cousin's wedding . I am planning on having a great time !!!! 
says it's too flippen HOT !!! This beer is going down way too easy !!! Hope it cools down for the ball game tomorrow . I hope all my girls are ready !!!!! 
just got done playing ball with all my girls . Even though we lost this one , we all still had a blast together . Can't wait to get together with all you next week . We are looking forward to a win . See you all then . 
says live each moment like it's your last because you don't know when your time is up . 
is going to have a blast at her cousin's wedding today . Hope you are all have a fun filled weekend with family and friends . 
has to go back to work tomorrow . The weekend is officially over with for me . 
is wondering when the weather will be just right ????? 
had such a good time this weekend at her cousin's wedding . Wish I could have spent more time with them . Looking forward to November , hope I can get down to Florida for the next wedding . If you are reading this I miss you all and the best of luck on your 
is still wondering if the weather is going to get any better . The 4th is Saturday , I sure hope it is nice , especially for the kids . They look forward to all the activities . 
had a good day and that's all I can say . 
can see that it is going to be another beautiful day out again today !!!! I am so looking forward to playing ball in this tonight . 
is going to play ball tonight at 7p . I hope we do well . 
had a good time with the softball gang last . A little slow moving today . Look forward to bowling with ya all in 3 weeks . 
wonders how warm it will be for the 4th ??? Wondering if she'll have to bring out the long johns !!!! Where's the HEAT !!!! 
is going to bed have to work in the morning . I only get a 2 day weekend-darn !!! 
can see the sun shining . Hopefully we can get past 60 degrees today . 
can see now that it made it past 60 degrees today !!! Yahoo . Still don't know what we are doing tonight . 
is wishing everyone a safe and happy 4th and to all the troops , I salute you !!!!! 
is just as addicted to facebook as < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
is up and ready to clean house before I go to graduation party !!! 
got half of the house cleaned up . Oh well !!!! 
is signing off for the night . Spent too much time on the computer today !!! 
still has so many things to do . Will she ever get caught up ??? 
hopes all the HODAGERS have a blast this weekend . I am going to Amish Country to visit my sister , nieces and nephew !!!! 
is going to catch up on all her work today !!!! Ya right ! 
is worn out from her 16 hour shift she work yesterday . Came back to work at 0700 and then had a double header softball game . Did not do well , a lot of mistakes . We will brush it off and come back strong next week . To all of my FESTERS who were waiting 
doesn't have to work tomorrow !!!! YAHOO !!!! 
is going off to Amish Country after I finish the other half of the house I didn't clean the other day . I hope all have a Wonderful Weekend !!! I will be off to my sister's . I can't wait to see her and the kids !!! 
had a very interesting weekend in Amish Country !! Now I am going to get some color and go fishing !!!! 
wants to sound just like < PROPFIRST > . I can't wait until Friday , I don't know if I can handle 4 more days of work but then I am on VACATION !!!!! I almost forgot what those were . 
is going to work . I am going to have a Wonderful Day !!! 
enjoyed the thunderstorm last night . Had fun playing ball with all the gals !!! Double Header lost one and won one . We had a blast . Thanks for another good night . Off to bed have to work in the morning . Only 2 more working days then I get to go on VA 
is also tired and sore . I already planning for a nap when I get home from work !!! Have a good day everyone . 
is too tired . Worked too many hours this week !!! AGAIN !! Nothing new for me . 
is annoyed by her children's messes and fighting . It's going to be a LONG DAY !!!!! 
is going to spend time with her family ...... CLEANING HOUSE !!!!!! 
is curled up in a blanket in on the couch watching a movie with the family . What a nice evening . 
thinks is going to be a beautiful day out . Off to work !!! 
is getting tired !!! I get to sleep in for six days !!! YIPEEE !! So no one wake me . 
is finally going to log off and go to bed !!! 
is just going to relax and not think about any type of work !!!! 
went with her family and had dinner , tacos and < PROPFEMALE>'s . Then came home had a bon fire and made smores . What a relaxing evening !!! I am enjoying not being at work . 
is doing the HAPPY DANCE for all my ball players !!! See you all in < PROPMALE > tomorrow night !!!! We can do it ladies !!! 
is wondering if her ball team is ready to do the HAPPY DANCE !!!! See all you gals tonight . 
better get off FB and get some work done before ball tonight . 
is saying let's PLAY BALL !!! 
is so proud of herself , she has not been on the computer all day and it's almost 5 pm . I do have a clean house !!!! YAHOOO !!!! 
doesn't think < PROPFIRST > Beeber ever leaves FB !!! 
is just relaxing !!! 
is going to relax and watch the race with the kids . 
is going to watch a movie then off to bed ; have to return to work tomorrow . Vacation will then officially be over with until next time . 
is going to have a wonderful day at work . 
is not feeling well . Thinks a cold finally found her . 
wanted to tell her softball gals that we have our work cut out for us tomorrow . We have a double header and < PROPFEMALE > is out for the season with a fractured foot . Remember to have your HAPPY DANCES READY !!!! 
is going to bed . Took her NyQuil hoping to feel like a Million Bucks tomorrow . Night everyone !!! 
is still not feeling the greatest but is going to give it her all in the double header tonight . Bring on the HAPPY DANCES LADIES !!!! 
is off to play her softball game . WISH US LUCK !!! We are going to need it . 
just had way too much fun !!! 
is making BBQ chicken on the grill for the family . 
is going to save $80.00 per month with Geico !!!! 
is going to take a break from facebook and clean up the kitchen . See you all soon . 
ok I'm back now . 
is all pumped to play softball with the girls tonight then bowl !!! YAHOO !!! HAPPY DANCES ALL THE WAY !!! 
has a 3 day weekend !!! 
is making the children clean up their messes . < PROPMALE > is sure trying to test his mother today . He's not getting very far !!! 
is waiting for the roof to blow off of her house !!! 
thinks summer has finally arrived !!! 
is waiting for the race to start . 
is going to go through a bunch of junk with the hubby and watch the race . 
made potato salad for the first time in her life !!! The supper menu tonight is sloppy < PROPFIRST>'s , potato salad , ice tea and lemon bars . YUMMY !!! 
is also waiting for the track to dry so she can watch her race !! 
is stressed ???? 
is still stressed , so I am going to clean the house and do laundry . Maybe I will log back in later . 
is enjoying the cool breeze coming from the patio door and chatting with her friends . RELAXED !!! 
donated blood today !!! 
has the day off . 
just made some popcorn . 
just got done cleaning up her mess in the kitchen from this evening dinner of taco bake and raspberry cream pie . Now just trying to wind down . 
loved the rain this morning but hopes it goes away so she can enjoy a movie in the park with the kids tonight . 
Worked all day , came home cooked supper , cleaned living room . Now I am going to get movies with the kids , come back home finish cleaning the kitchen , do laundry , watch movies with the kids and maybe eat some ice cream and then start all over to tomorrow . 
is done with work , now getting things ready for the bowling meeting . Softball over with and now bowling season is around the coner . It just never ends . 
worked too many hours this week . I am exhausted and I don't have anything done at home . Hoping this three day weekend will come in handy . 
is just relaxing , no kids and no hubby around . Making cheesy potatos for my niece !!! 
is going to take a hot bath and thaw out !!! 
is trying to warm up with a cup of coffee . 
has to get the laundry done . 
had a busy day , terminally cleaned the blazer , did some laundry and cleaned house while the hubby helped his nephew with his jeep . It was a busy day for all except for < PROPMALE > who was bored all day long !!!!! It brings back those memories when I was young and I was bored .......... it was torture !!!! 
too much work and too much energy and I'm not tired yet ....... better get to bed soon have to be up by 5:00 am . 
is up and ready to start her work week , it will be a busy one !!! 
still has a busy work week ahead of her !!! I will be BEAT by Friday , the weekend can't come quick enough . 
Thanks to St. < PROPFIRST>'s School for a Wonderful Open House !! The kids were excited to see all of the staff and looking forward to another school year with you . 
better get to bed and get some rest , the rest of the weeks rest will be limited !!! 
is very exhausted !!!! Only one more day to go doing the double job thing . 
is relaxing all day long ............. leaving the house work until tomorrow !!! 
is done relaxing and back to house cleaning . Thanks < PROPFIRST > for letting me relax yesterday and for doing some of the cleaning . Very much appreciated !!! 
better go and clean . 
just doesn't know ??? 
has writers cramp from filling out all the kids paperwork for school . They are excited and can't wait till tomorrow . 
had a discombobbled day ; today started out by burning my arm with the curling iron , then went to work and dumped hot coffee all over my hand . Not a good day . Should have went home and went back to bed . At least the kids had a good first day at school . 
has to get her evening chores done . 
is going to bed !!! 
made < PROPMALE > his favorite dinner . Grilled cheese and Tomato soup . I love it when my kids make life easy for me . 
is waiting for her family to return so she can make supper . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
enyoyed the day off and went shopping with my family !!! 
took a 3 hour nap . I thnk I needed it !!! 
had a blast this past weekend at Brown's 40 Fest !!!! Can't wait till next year !!!! 
Cleaned the house , helped the hubby haul lumber then cooked BBQ ribs on the grill for dinner . Had a nice family dinner outside . Getting bowling secretarial duties ready for Sunday . I think I am just about done for the day . I thought it was suppose to be my day off ???? 
has been so busy that I haven't been on FB . Now I have to work < PROPMALE > Weekend !!! Just wanted to say Hello to all !!!! 
is exhausted after working < PROPMALE > weekend !!! 
has more work and no play !!! 
is going to work again !!!! 
got an interesting phone call from my lil sister today and one of my classmates told a friend of hers that I died a couple of years ago . Interesting ............... did I come back from the dead ???? 
is watching Grey's Anatomy and it is a heart wrenching one . The tears are building up !!!!! 
is FREEZING !!!! Going into a HOT SHOWER !!!! AHHHHHHHHH !!!! 
made chili and crescent rolls for dinner . Brownies for dessert !!! YUM !!! 
is trying to fight off the flu !!! :-( 
is excited her little sister is up for a visit with the kids . Looking forward to having some quality family time !!!! 
is sending out a Heart Felt THANK YOU to all our SOILDERS ! We as American Citizens can not repay them for everything they do for this country . I am grieving with one of our employees at the clinic who lost her 26 year old son fighting in Afghanistan . So I am asking everyone on FB to take a moment to just remember them and what they all do for us ! THANKS FOR ALL YOU GIVE UP IN YOUR LIVES TO MAINTAIN OUR FREEDOM ! 
sister finally went home with the kids . I will miss her but I won't miss the mess they left me and the hubby to clean up !!!! 
better get ready for bowling . I think I will bowl a 600 series tonight !!!! 
doesn't really have anything on her mind . 
just made an awesome dinner for the family . Mini meatloaves with green beans , buttered noodles and italian bread . Blueberry muffins for dessert . YUMMY !!!!! 
is finally enjoying peace and quiet after a night of fighting children . Hopefully they will love each other tomorrow . 
had a relaxing Saturday !!! 
is up too late and has too much to do today before the work week . 
better stop watching the race and get myself ready to bowl tonight . 
is on call till 2300 . 
is on call again till 2300 !!! 
it's snowing !!!!! < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
is wishing her daughter < PROPFEMALE>' a Happy 10th Birthday !!! 
just relaxed in a nice HOT bath !!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHH !!!! 
is going to make my daughter a birthday dish !!! 
the Birthday Girl is having Beef Stroganoff with corn one of her favorites with Chocolate Devils Food Cake for dessert !!!! YUM !!! 
is going to watch Grey's Anatomy and then hit the sack early for once . Good Night All !!! 
life is busy but good !!!! God Bless !!! 
has a sick son at home with a 102 temp . Hope he is feeling better soon . He looks so miserable !!!! 
now has a sick son and daughter . Thought < PROPMALE > was coming around today and now spiked another temp . < PROPFEMALE>' came home today with 100.4 temp . The rest of us are trying to beat the flu . My stocked supply of clorox wipes , lysol , tissues and cough drops are just about gone . Need to restock on Friday . Hope everyone else stays Healthy and Well !!! 
Happy Halloween to all !!! The kids are better and they are back to their fighting and messing the house up again . 
a big Thank You to my Wonderful niece and her hubby ( < PROPFEMALE > and TJ ) who took my little gobblins Trick or Treating in the freezing cold so I could hand out Goodies at the Bowl !!!! Love Ya Both !!!! <3 
has a sick husband . The flu finally hit him , so while he has been sleeping I cleaned the house , did some laundry . Now I can watch the race and then the packer/viking game . Sounds like a nice relaxing afternoon !!! 
is on edge !!!! 
I love FARVE !!!! 
another week is almost gone . 
bowled a 205 146 and a 205 . What is up witht that 146 ???? 
is finally able to hold her head up without getting sick . It stinks to have a headache all day and nothing will touch it . Hope it is gone by tomorrow , I have a date with my little man < PROPMALE > . It is Mother/Son night , I look forward to this event every year !!! 
is still not feeling the greatest . 
took < PROPFEMALE>' to the doctor found out she has H1N1 . I started with a fever tonight and have been fighting a headache for the past 2 days . Come to find out our little < PROPMALE > probably had it when he was sick with a fever for five days last week . Bring on the Tamiflu !!!! 
family is feeling a little bit better !!! 
finally got half of the house cleaned . Need to take a break will get the rest tomorrow . Going to enjoy some pizza and a movie . 
GO PACK GO !!!! 
feels like herself again !!! 
is going to go and bowl another 600 . Yahoo !!!! 
home on-call taking care of my sick daughter . 
H1N1 , Bronchitis , Pneumonia , Flu , Influenza , Sinus Infections and whatever else is floating around out there ............................ I wish the flu season would be over with and everyone was healthly !!!! 
all I have to do today is laundry . Yahoo !!! 
loves it when Auntie Witch comes to the house . She gets the kids to do things that it takes me forever to get them to do !!!! Love the Witch !!!! 
took her son to the orthodontist today . $$$$$$$$$$$$$$ ............................ that's all I got to say . 
is just relaxing !!!! 
good luck hunters !!!! 
is being the mean mother that she is and is making her daughter clean her room . 
my thoughts and prayers go out to the < PROPMALE > Kahle Family . I will miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy Turkey Day to All !!!! 
is in shock . Will be a great Aunt this summer .................................... we're you even trying or was this an opps ?????? Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and TJ !!!!! 
is enjoying her little sister cooking Thanksgiving Lunch for the family . House full of family what more could you ask for . 
went to my brother in laws going away party last night . We had such a blast !!!!! We Love You Very Much and we will Miss You while you are gone . Come home soon and Thank You for serving our Country < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! <3<3<3 
better go to bed because she has to work in the morning !!!! 
is tired and working too hard !!!! 
is still burnt out !!!! 
is just relaxing without a care in the world !!! 
getting all ready for the Miller Shootout Bowling Tournament on Saturday . I took First Place last year and I need to reclaim my title !!!! 
is off to her meeting . 
did not even make it past the 1st round in the shootout but stayed and had a blast watching all the others bowlers and being there to support them as they went off to the next rounds . Then went to < PROPFIRST>'s Christmas party , had a blast with the hubby and some of the LP co-workers . Thank You < PROPFEMALE > for making this happen every year ........ I love ya !!! 
