shaved her < PROPFEMALE > and now her < PROPFEMALE > is naked xD 

bloop bloop blee !! 
doesn't understand the point of typing things here . 
typed something here . 
thinks facebook and myspace get boring after the first week cuz people stop talking to you . 
has SWINE FLU !! :D 
sorry , h1n1 . my bad . 
doesn't like girls that don't understand what \josh has a girlfriend\ " means " 
is off to play the sims !! :) 
' s cell number is 715-410-5323 and also has unlimited texting . 
is wondering why people like football . all it is is guys running around in spandex smackin eachother butts and then jumping on eachother till they fall to ground in a massive pile . 
screw emo kids , life is good !! :D 
girls bitching about the pda rule at school make me think of little girls in preschool going \ewwww boys have cooties !!! \"" 
is in St. < PROPFIRST > :D 
is starting to get obsessed with heavy metal concerts . 
WHY IS IT SNOWING 
WHY IS FACEBOOK SO STALKERISH ?? 
WAS 6 FEET AWAY FROM < PROPFIRST > **** ing HETFIELD !!! 
doesn't understand why people can't just be nice . it's surprisingly easy , believe it or not . 
is tired of people . 
a singer in a smokey room a smell of wine and cheap perfume for a smile they can share the night it goes on and on and on and on .... only cool people know that song . 
jgfghg 
shower , then bed :) 
gets her license in less than a month ! 
is excited . :D 
' s < PROPFEMALE > is so cute she wants to eat it . 
Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up then down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ! 
is heading out to St. < PROPFIRST > for the night 
. 
needs ideas for job applications ? please no fast food . 
had an awesome weekend :D 
is officially addicted to < PROPFEMALE > canes . 
wanted to change her status . 
you can dance if you want to . you can leave your friends behind . cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance well they ain't no friends of mine ! :D 
apparently i'm supposed to type \What's on your mind ? \ " here . so here it is . " 
is currently gangstering . 
yay ! new years < PROPFEMALE > ! party ! weeeeee ! awesome ! 
r . i . p < PROPFIRST > sullivan :( 
:) 
greeting my fellow earthlings . message my cellular device if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out :D 
< PROPFEMALE > likes cashmere socks . 
it's only funny until someone gets hurt . then it's hilarious . 
anyone wanna chill this weekend ? 
is content with life once again . 
is excited :D 
dyed her hurr !! 
is being cool . 
needs a job so she can move out as soon as she's legal . HELP :D 
is currently gangstering and having sexytime . 
thinks it should be summer every day but for some reason freezing weather 10 months out of the year is nessecary . 
IS EXCITED FOR THE WEEKEND X 1234567890 
sobes :D 
has no school on friday ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
anybody want some tripp pants ? 
I FREAKIN WANT A JELLYFISH . SOMEBODY CATCH ME ONE . 
does not want an update status at the moment . 
summer is coming !! :D <33 
blah . school is yucky . 
I LOVE FRIDAYS WITH A BURNING FLAME OF PASSION 
there is no fear in this dojo ! there is no mercy in this dojo ! 
why do people spread rumors ? doesn't do much for anybody really ... 
my dad thinks i watch porn cause my computer has viruses . lmao 
is the master of puppets 
i wrote you 365 letters . i wrote you every day for a year . 
if you love me let me go and run away before i know my heart is just too dark to care i can't destroy what isn't there deliver me into my fate if i'm alone i cannot hate i don't deserve to have you my smile was taken long ago if i can change i hope i never know . god i love slipknot 
i don't like drama , so what makes you think i want to become involved with yours ? yeah , no thanks . sorry < PROPMALE > . i have a life . 
is happy :) 
used air conditioning in her vehicle ! :D 
puked today . Mmmm !! Dinner !! 
wait , taco < PROPFEMALE > doesn't have my application ? um , i turned it in . A WEEK AGO . it's pretty simple not to lose a piece of paper . guess i gotta fill in another one . that's cool . 
has a job ! well that was easy . if only i tried Village Inn a year ago :D 
first day of work in 45 minutes :) 
i worked a total of 2 1/2 hours . whooooooooooo !!! 
doesn't have to go to work tonight . 
is so sick of school . nuff said . 
in 15 days , life is going to be soooooo cool . 
got paid cause she's just that cool . 
can't really take it anymore . summer needs to get here now or i'm seriously gonna go insane . 
WEEKENDS ALMOST HERE !!!!!!!!!! 
has come to realize she's only in a good mood on the weekends 
detention isn't gonna make me go to school more often or get to class on time , it's just going to piss me off . pretty simple logic mrs langer . 
skipping detention to go to the concert was worth 10,000 ISS's . 
special olympics tomorrow !!! :D 
can < PROPFEMALE > make it out of < PROPMALE > year alive ? stay tuned to find out . we'll be back after these commercials . 
there's absolutely NOTHING like the natural high of knowing there's less than a week left of school . nothing . 
valley fair tomorrow !! what's the best ride ?? 
bloop bloop 
has a secret crush on < PROPMALE > beisang 
has fishy :D 
I SAID I HAVE A FISH !!! 
that's when she said i don't hate you boy , i just want to save you while there's still something left to save . that's when i told her i love you girl but i'm not the answer to the questions that you still have . 
you are hereby banned from the circle . i hereby ban you ! i also hereby eat your burrito . 
the best moments in life are the ones when you don't think about what time it is . 
nomnomnomnomnomn D: 
don't you just love it when your mom quits your job for you ? i knew i never should have told her i had one . 
hates it when people make false assumptions about her and stick with them . 
has popsicles down in her cellar . 
because of your panty shenanigans you are banned from the circle . i hereby ban you ! i also hereby eat your burrito . 
why are girls so scared to death of rain ? i just ran around in it for 20 minutes and i'm just fine . 
never cared for big loud trucks until she drove one :D 
if summer lasted forever , everything would be perfect . 
why must scene kids take over < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and hello < PROPFEMALE > ? 
got half a wardrobe and shoes for $30 at the thrift store . screw you , hot topic . 
freedom of speech is against the law . 
officially hates girls . except for the awesome ones . they're okay . 
woke up this morning with a present from her cat next to her on her bed . yes , it was a smelly brown present . thank god she missed my clothes . 
i think i'm in love ... with my cat . honest . 
the thought of summer almost being over makes me want to crawl into a hole and die a little . 
you don't need meaningful lyrics , an amazing voice , or t be talented at playing an instrument to be famous anymore . just get half naked on tv and lip sync and you'll do just fine . 
dear hudson high school , \ 
thank you for having registration during the summer . thank you for reminding us carefree , happy kids that summer doesn't last forever and we have to go back every day for the next 9 months . thank you . it really makes the last few weeks of our summer awesome . 
mmmmmmm food :D anorexic people are missing out big time . 
wants to hear your epic ideas for awesome things she should do the last few weeks of summer !!! 
when you get the choice to sit it out or dance , i hope you dance . 
GIVE ME FUE GIVE ME FAAH GIVE ME ZABABABADAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!! OOOO !! yeah-heah . 
is not ready to go back to school . the summer was only like three days . 
i was gonna ask everyone if they had the same lunch as me , but then i remembered that they tell you 10 minutes before lunch so you get to walk around like a moron looking for your friends . so nevermind everybody :) 
oh boy . 6am tomorrow . i honestly think i am going to cry . not sure if i can do this .. 
remember when vampires slayed people and drank their blood instead of < PROPFEMALE > ? 
is hungry :) any suggestions of really super yummy food to make ? 
waiting for the one , the day that never comes when you stand up and feel the warmth . but the sunshine never comes , no the sun shine never comes . 
no , i'm not crabby . i just don't think the holocaust is something to make jokes about because ... well ... it's not funny ? 
be nice . < PROPFEMALE > always catches up . 
whoever invented food should win an award . 
cool people and stupid people should live on separate planets . 
the world is one messed up place . 
people who can play guitar hero on expert need to get over themselves . people who can play ACTUAL GUITAR do not . 
drinking is gay . 
it's a lot easier to get mad at a liar than to get mad at someone coming clean about doing something stupid . 
damn it feels good to be a < PROPFEMALE > . cause real gangsta-ass < PROPFEMALE > s play their cards right . 
broken up nutty bars + ice cream + sobe strawberry daquiri = heaven 
i just love my < PROPFEMALE > so much <33 :) 
fall is beast . 
birthdays kick ass !! especially when they're on friday . 
thank you everybody for the happy birthdays !! hehe :D the weekend is off to a badass start :D 
thanks for the happy birthdays guys !! :D 
cleaning is only fun when it takes place inside a sexy vehicle . * cough cough eclipses * . hehe :D 
is planning the super epic upcoming 5 day weekend . these things only happen once to twice a school year !! 
juice is amazing when you're thirsty . 
some people may have though < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was creepy , but man . that guy can move like it's nobody's business . 
why do pretty girls think they're ugly and skinny girls think they're fat ? 
wouldn't trade her cat for a million dollars :) 
doing meth doesn't make you cool , it's actually NOT doing it that does . so take note , select few people of hudson :) hope this little tidbit of the day helps you out a bit . 
kangaroos have three vaginas . god i love cable . 
girls complain and whine and talk about drama . guys talk about boobs , butts , and hot girls . yeah , i'll go < PROPFEMALE > out with my cat and my ipod . 
wants to adopt every < PROPFEMALE > in the world so none of them will be hungry , abused , sick , cold , or eaten :( 
anybody wanna volunteer at the humane society with me ?? :) 
the coolest people are the ones that say what everyone's thinking . 
being a teenager really isn't all that bad . people are a bunch of negative nancies . 
' s name is < PROPFEMALE > and she is partially a shell and she also has shoes and ..... a face . so . 
wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with a bunch of jamaicans for a day . 
hmmmm ... cookie time ? i think so . 
people named < PROPMALE > beisang are really awesome . 
isn't it ironic how during the best years of our life we're too ignorant to realize it ? 
am i the only person in wisconsin that doesn't like beer ? =\\ 
can't spell crap without rap . 
is it possible to fall in love with a cat ? i think i might have . 
is fed up . doesn't know what to do anymore . 
was drinking from a fountain that was pouring like an avalanche coming down the mountain . 
will see you on the dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > . 
i can't wait till summer . no cold , no snow , sleeping in , no school , no drama , no dealing with douchebags , no responsibilities , no cares , chill all day , party all night . thinking about how long it's gonna be makes me want to bawl my eyes out . 
needs to make a trip to foxtone . oh , wait .... sorry . SCHUSTER'S . 
i love my friends . i have no clue what i would do without them . you know who you are :) 
it's funny how knowing it's a three day week automatically puts me in a better mood :D 
badlands is open and i think its yelling at me to go to it . 
do you bury me when i'm gone ? do you teach me while i'm here ? just as soon as i belong , then it's time i disappear 
shit happens . but this time it was for the better :) 
Timmay Johnsön is cool . 
is sooooooo excited for tomorrow !!! :D 
< PROPMALE > techno is awesome . 
i hate it when some people think they're better than other people . get over yourselves guys , we all suck . 
likes cute boys name Timmay Johnsön 
dear skullcandies , how did i survive school this long without you ? 
weekends are kickass . 
ugh . 
why is there still snow . christmas is over you can leave now bye 
my cat is my baby . i love her so much <33 
i really hope the weekend will make up for the finals week :\\ 
