I really have no idea how to work this facebook thing . 

I cant have a fishy it would die :( but I want one . 
oh dear lord people ! my life is insane right now ha 
today is going to be a hard day I can tell already geez 
I hate hate hate being angry but I dont know what else to do I tried talking to him about but it wasnt happening . 
yay feeling better ! 
The best thing just happened to me right now ! I saw my little brother that I have never seen since he was born and I saw my beautiful little sisters that I havn't seen in forever ! I am so happy ! 
ready to go to work ! wooo lol 
freaking out a little bit 
happy 4th everyone ! I hope everyone has a great day today ! 
facebook confuses my life ! 
I am so very excited ! despicable me tonight ! hell yeah ! wooo go me ! 
My love is coming home home tomorrow I am so happy right now ! I love him soooo much ! 
Butter people ! thats all I have to say ! 
I am sitting with my love yay me ! hehe 
:'( thats all 
bruises bruises and more bruises tonight was not a great one ! 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan gets her name and face all over the news because she went from jail to rehab . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > ... Goeke , 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate ,... 27 , . are all Marines ...... that gave their lives this week ! Honor THEM by reposting this . 
woo whoo ! My phone was shipped today I can't wait to get it ! 
I got got gotta get ready for work now lol ! 
My phone should be here TODAY ! I am sooooo happy about it ! 
I cant wait for my car to be all fixed up !! YAY ! 
im very excited/nervous to start college ! oh my gosh ! 
I am very disappointed with some of my friends choices lately I hope they find the decency to apologize for what they have done . 
I saw a comment on here about ICP fans I happen to be an ICP fan and I don't start crap with people . You guys are judging all juggalos by the way that some act and I think that is very ignorant . You wouldn't base what some people in a certian race do on everyone in that race would you ? 
need to figure out things for my car but its not working out so well . 
4years : Mom knows everything ! 8 years : Mom knows a lot ! 12 years : Mom reallydoesn't know everything ! 14 years : Mom knows nothing ! 16 years : Mom , what mom ! 18years : Mom is outdated ! 25 years : Maybe Mom knows ! 35 years : Beforedeciding let's ask Mom ! 45 : I wonder what Mom thinks ! ... 75 ...... years : I ... wish Mom was here to ask her ! Post this in your wall if you have the BEST MOM IN THE WORLD 
except im 18 and I know my mom know a lot more then I do . 
Let me ask you one simple question . Was it worth it in the end ? 
I have removed a stressful person from my life and am feeling relieved ! 
< PROPMALE > made me coffee and before I sang him a song about him making me coffee it was beautiful and he loved it it went a little like this \reys gonna get up and hes gonna make me coffee because he loves me and I love him and he promised to make me coffee forever and ever and now I get my coffee\ " and yes yes I did lol thanks babe love you so much ! " 
I am fixing my car ( again ) today ! But I am very excited because a family member of mine showed me a reall cool website that I found lap tops on for school and they are only 300 dollars ! 
they are calling about my car today a little nervous about much this is going to cost ... rut roh 
I am not really single lol I got to break up with reys old profile to get with his new profile ! dont worry anyone . 
My first day in college is today ! oh geez a little nervous but things should go well . 
I am currently on my new laptop ! I am so excited about it ! Its awesome and it will really help me out with school ! 
I like it on the floor ! 
College is going great ! Lots of homework but it will be worth it in the end yay ! 
lots of homework to do I better get going lol 
School is going well people I got a 92% on my math test and a 93% on my english quiz yay ! 
very very tired today yuck 
today was hard day . I am sick :( 
I am feeling much better today !! yay I can go back to school and work tomorrow ! 
I am trying to decide if I should change my hair color back to the color in my profile picture hmmmm ??? 
woo who I have deleted drama go me ! 
Hello facebook world I feel like I havn't seen your beautiful face in so long . I have missed you . How are you doing ? 
sooo tired very happy I don't have any of my classes tomorrow yay me ! thank you to everyone who helped us move you guys are awesome ! 
Passed all of my classes very happy but I could have done better I am going to be working much harder next quarter ! 
I leave today oh my gosh so excited/nervous ! 
I want to go back blonde people lol I am home now 
I'm the luckiest girl in the world because I love him and he loves me , that's all we need :) 
My mother is about to post something absolutely mortifying I would caution anyone who wants to keep their innocence to stay away from the video and cover your eyes if anyone around you is planning on watching it !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > 
I got my kitten today !!!! She is so cute :) I named her rainy I love her already !!! 
WISH ME LUCK PEOPLE ! I am going to take my written part for my drivers test ! 
Hey you ! Over there ----> Yes you ! I just wanted to tell you to smile ! It looks good on you ! 
I have decided I am DONE with stupid people lol and they will NOT get me down :) 
SOOO tired lol ! 
Totally stoked !!!! 
I love coffee ! How is everyone today ? 
WHOAH can you say long day lol at work from 8am till almost 8pm it was pretty awesome though ! 
