burger < PROPMALE > is getting a new steak house extra thick burger next sunday and i highly recommend it its the Japlapeno and chedder stuffed xt burger so be sure and try it in the next few weeks ill post again when we start saleing them 

Have you ever posted a stupid comment just joking and your friends friend got mad well i have and it sucks when you ruin a friendship that way . 
You know i was thinking earlier .... so WATCH OUT !!!! 
Hello my name is __________ ! And i'm a slakaholic who enjoys long hours of doing nothing ! 
I wish i could see your beautiful face , and then throw a pie at it ! LOL 
Every one has that speacial something that draws people to them . If your lucky enough to know what that is then you shouldn't waste the oppurtunity to make friends . Just a thought i had . 
Just got back from the lake and had a good time met two really cool girls and have a really bad sun burn ! Yea its great 
Sometimes the things that should be left unsaid ... are the things that someone really needs to hear . 
OUCH !!!!! Sunburn !!!!! 
Poke\ 
me if you've had a crush on me . Like this status if you think I'm \ 
cute , inbox me if you've ever wanted a relationship . Put a smile if \ 
we are friends , put anangry face if you don't like me , or put a \ 
heart if you want to be more than friends , now lets see who's brave \ 
......... enough . Copy and paste this as ......... your status ... ( : hehe 
hey text book friends i'm getting off of here to play a game if ya wanna talk just text me 
hey anyone up out there message me or something 
Why do some people feel emotions more than other people ? Or stronger than others ? What reason is there for it i wonder ? 
Have you ever fealt like you were being ignored ? i have and it sucks even when you know that there not doing it on purpose it still hurts your feelings ! That sucks !! 
Wishing ... Wishing ... Wishing ......... do we have world peace yet ?! lmbo 
I really miss some friends and wish i could < PROPFEMALE > out with them but who has the time or money to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
I just had a really good thought ..... never mind i lost it ! lol 
Heard from a good friend last night !!! Had a great time talking to her !! But now i'm so confused ... and i don't mind one bit ! 
new phone is finally working yea now ive just got get used to the key board lol 
Fb\\n\Peace&Love \"" 
amassing a fortune on Fable 3 so i can get a key to a chest but then i have to lose the fortune to open the chest , it better be something good in that chest im at 501,714 gold and need probably 500,000 more 
sitting at work not really wanting to clock in but the good news is that i have over 3 million gold on fable 3 but i still cant get the key i need to open the chest am i a dork or what lol 
wish i was at church instead of work but to day is looking like a great day 
a whopper with chesse and a root beer whike on break in the \break room\ " lol its great " 
off work and headed to church , now i get to have some fun lol 
glad im off work today 
I miss two of my really good friends 
i miss two of my really good friends and ofcourse i miss my little cuz < PROPFEMALE > , love ya < PROPFEMALE > 
eating papa pablanos with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
uggh so stuffed ...... i wonder whats in the pantry ... lol 
limited time offer text me or message me any questions you want and ill be 100 percent truthful ... Well 99.9 percent lol 
a great new friend whom i get along with so well so heres to you < PROPFEMALE > 
lunch is the best part of my job sometimes .... am i the only one that feels that way ? 
had a great night hanging with < PROPFEMALE > and her sisters family and friends . Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
playing fable 3 if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out and play games let me know and come on over lol 
i hope my friend is ok i haven't heard from her in a while , hopefully she'll let me know shes alright soon . 
Im so not looking forward to tomorrow 
ok i survived ... thanks to Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep ! It got alittle nerve wracking when my psp started dieing and the charger wouldnt work ... but im still sane .... ish lol hope everone had a good day 
you know sometimes i think whats the use of having friends ... then they do or say something that makes you laugh and you think what would i do without them . So to all my friends i love you all 
i love my best friend < PROPFEMALE > !! Lol 
was supposed to work today ..... but im not .... lol 
had a great time today with amber ... im free to be myself and talk to her about things that id normally not talk about 
at work and my phone is almost dead so if you text me ill try and get back to you when i get off later . Love ya 
Im at home and have my phone charging it was wierd having it but not being able to use it 
cleaning the church after choir practice for an hour and a half .... which way was my bed again lol 
so tired ... annoyed .... iritated ..... and couldnt care less about anything happening around me 
had an ok day at work yesterday and a great night lastnight ..... but not looking forward to today . 
Well i had an interestimg night lol but being there for a friend is worth the tired feeling i have right now 
ice skating in little rock was great i had a blast and didnt fall once lol i just wish my bestie could have been there with me 
hoping work goes by fast today 
got off work early .... lol 
its beginning to look alot like christmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas every one and good night to all ! 
nothing gets me in the christmas spirit like playing Fallout New Vegas ! 
well off to work ... :( 
had a good time with < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and addy ... I miss hanging out with them 
headache ... tired ... comfortable bed ... tylenol pm .... im out for the night 
its raining !! And all i want to do is go outside and play in the rain 
so if someone wanted to come '' kidnap '' me from work that would be great lol 
church is clean and dead cell phone is charging now its time to rest lol 
good night all 
work work work ... why not video game video game video game lol 
the roads arent as bad as they have been the last couple of days but everyone should still be careful if you have to drive today 
Anyone have an ipod that they dont want and would be willing to sell it let me know 
'' We got a picture , but lost a friend . '' by < PROPMALE > Briggs D-Now 2011 
well great news i had a great weekend and get home to find out that one of my dogs got loose and ran away so if anyone sees a whiteish alaskan husky\\wolf in or around tahoe lake estates and old bear let me know , his name is anakin and he has no collar , hes harmless and loves to play so he , ll try and jump on you and lick you but he wont bite 
which would be better ... hanging out with my bestie or spend time with my girlfriend .................. ill do BOTH ! lol 
I didn't know Kamo but to those who did celebrate his life on this day and remember all the fun and good times . Happy Birthday Kamo ! 
Cosmic infinite power , itty bitty living space lol 
well cashed my state income tax check and put some money down on a car to get them to hold it for me till i get my federal and can give them the rest of the down payment 
