< PROPFEMALE > is on my mind !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

just woke up from spending all night at the casino 
Getting rdy to start my first day of work tomorrow 
Recovering from my close encounter with a deer 
You Know That Its Cold When The Twizzlers that You Left in the Car Snap Lick A Toothpick . 
Dazed , confused , lost , the list could go on 
flying in the wind looking where to land , and will be having fun tomorrow playing with my ax that i just bought 
Speechless , Amazed and so much more 
Going to bingo and going to have a great time trying to win my Reeses 
Excited For my Day Off on Thur , Going to have a blast 
Had an unexplainable day so far , spent most of it With < PROPFEMALE > 
Won at bingo but had to share one of the pots with someone else 
Can't wait for my date tonight with < PROPFEMALE > 
Awsome time today , spent the day with < PROPFEMALE > and then went out to eat 
Had a fantastic time this morning with < PROPFEMALE > and then a great afternoon watching my dads car get fixed 
Spent the entire night with < PROPFEMALE > on sun then most of the day yesterday until i needed a nap for work last night , first overnight and looking forward for more 
Rain can only hide so many of the tears . Will Always Remember My grandpa < PROPMALE > and the moments we shared . RIP Grandpa < PROPMALE > 
Weekends been a roller coster ride . Had a great end with having people over for a bombfire and then celebrating my Grandparents 45th Anniversary last night 
Cant wait 2 c the sibs on tue 
Getting tabs for my truck today hopefully . 
Spent time with my brother riding our bikes around NewRichmond 
Just got home from work and fiished singing in the rain 
after tonight i get my weekend of two days off but then back to work on sat night , my days get mushed together 
Movie day with < PROPFEMALE > and my Brother 
Past two days were amazing and now to come back to earth and return to normal life , work . 
Work for the next 5 days then get a 3day weekend 
Happy Fathers day to all the fathers 
Had a great time yesterday at Hidden falls with my Family before i had togo to work . Pics are on the way 
Pics are here . Thankyou Uncle < PROPFIRST > 
Long night at work and Now begins my Three day weekend with a nap 
Day Two of my weekend and a long drive ahead of me before i go to my aunts house tonight 
Great Weekend till Nicoles dad ended up inthe Hospital . Hope he gets better soon 
It sucks sometimes when u r the first to put ur foot down 
Still worn out from spending the whole day yesterday at Valleyfair with < PROPFEMALE > . Had to work the Sun night and had to leave right away when i got home mon morn so we could grab the tickets and get there when the park opened . 
Just finished taking the family to see Dispicable Me . Now heading home to chill before I get rdy for work . 
On break and having a slow night compared to a busy day . Went to a twins game with < PROPFEMALE > , which they won 6-0 . Was a great game to watch . 
Sad day . My brother returns to california . Gonna miss him 
\chika chicka < PROPFEMALE > never gonna stop 
So many things being shoved into my head of what we need to have planed for , for an event that is over a year away . 
My cuz and aunt are in town for a week . Cant wait to see them 
Spent almost the whole day at the state fair and had cheese curds , turkey leg and mini doughnuts . Great time 
A dear hit the car , What a great way to start out my 21st birthday . 
Another tree down just needs to be chopped 
She don't know how much i need her .. She Thinks She Needs Me ... and she thinks she's the lucky one 
Woohoo its snowing outside !!! 
Having a Hard time sleeping . Stupid Sun 
Sore From 4 hours of Martial arts class last night 
should be asleep but having a hard time getting there 
It's snowing outside and staying on the ground . Yahoo , Winter is here ! 
Spent the day with my Grandparents and < PROPFEMALE > and was able to spend sometime with my Great Aunts and Uncle . Who were excited to meet < PROPFEMALE > . 
Won the cover all at Bingo 
Had a great thanksgiving with family and family to be 
Almost lost a tire on the highway . Four out of the five wheel studs snapped off . Thankful I can fix it 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone . Had a great time spending the holidays with family 
Dads surgery went well , now time for healing and to see if he needs more treatment 
