Happy New Year Everyone !!!! 

Trying to get my craft business up and running . Open on-line store 
Tired . I am experimenting with new bath recipes , like bath bombs and scrubs . My hands stink of fresh rain . 
I am in search of guinea pigs for my new bath recipes . 
what is up with everyone thinking they know how to fix my problems ? I know how it is just getting the ones involved to work with me 
Added new items to my shop yeaaa 
On January 26th I have been married for 3years . Boy what did i get myself into 
Made my first actually sale . I am thrilled . Now just need to keep working at it . :) 
Have headache and has to clean 
Furstrated 
TIRED !!! want sleep without cold medicine 
I sometimes wonder if i should of listen to a college friend about changing my degree to < PROPMALE > . It seems to fit what I need right now 
im bored off to clean house and work on the buz 
The color of your bra made the news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets SUPPORT our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!!! This should appear in everyone's status ! Please do this for the ones that make this the Land of Free and the Home of the Brave 
I am going to try and crochet a breast . Dare you to ask me what this is about ! 
What should I cook for dinner ? 
Just finished all the filing and business of January . I am just glad I do not have to worry about Feb . 
Got my taxes filled . Hurray . 
Im tired of cleaning !!! 
I have had multiple sales this week . Yes !!! I am so happy !!! 
working on orders almost all the time !!! It is a good thing . 
Got all orders done . Now to do other things I want to do . 
Happy ST . < PROPFEMALE>'s Day 
Wondering if I am suppose to work tonite . 
I dont want to clean y cant my husband and boys keep the house clean while Im at work 
Azy used the potty to go poop . Hurray , now just got to get peeing down . 
Happy Easter everyone !!! JSoon got to get the youngest so they can raid their easter gifts from the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Survived the weekend !! I got to go horseback riding and prove i still can get on a horse by myself . 
mmmmmmmmmmmm Strawberry shortcake so good mmmmmmmmmmm 
Tired of spring cleaning cant wait til done reranging house 
Feels like crap . Just wants to crash . Kids wont let happen 
still feel like crap whatever i got is kicking my butt 
Finely feeling better . Can get up and clean the torando area from when I was work . Y cant my house stay clean while im at work ?? 
If you have not checked out my fan < PROPFEMALE > for Little Spaniel's Crafts you should . I have got some cool items completed that I have not posted to my personal < PROPFEMALE > . 
I am thinking of doing a giveaway for Little Spaniel's Crafts because my son , Azriel's birthday is on mother's day this year . 
It is decided I will do a giveaway . the rules to enter will be listed on the Little Spaniel's Crafts fan < PROPFEMALE > . The prize is a $15 certificate . Enteries will be everything from a purchase to becoming a fan or suggesting someone to become a fan . 
I'LL ADMIT I'M A HANDFUL . Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best . That's why it takes a REAL man to be able to put up with me ! Repost if your WOMAN enough !! 
I want a vacation . Who wants to come ? 
Hey if you havent heard I am doing a giveaway for my business . You can enter by becoming a fan , suggesting someone becomes a fan , making a purchase or commenting on the fan < PROPFEMALE > . It is under little Spaniel's Crafts . 
Why do people make relationships fail on purpose ? I am not talking about the ones were there is no hope , but the ones that can be fixed if there where communication . 
Bribing my oldest to potty train with pop and books , and maybe a chick . lol 
just got back from taking azy on an emergency trip to eye doctor . Want nap 
my throat hurts , im losing my voice , and my son is attacking me :( 
Y does my youngest scream & come running when i start to vaccum . He also needs to b held when i vaccum 
I got to work tonight and just want to nap ..... why am i tired all the time the last two weeks 
I am finishing steamcleaning my livingroom and then on to the hallway and boys room . 
I want attack geese to protect my house lol . 
Pissed off ...... Cass County Court System is so fucking crocked is amazing more innocents are not in jail . 
Sooo tired just worked last nite and back tonite ...... kids wont let me sleep 
I am wondering if I should start selling my craft items thru facebook ???? What do you guys think ? 
I made up my mind . I will sell things on here but to see the specials and discounted sales you have to become a fan of Little Spaniel's Crafts . 
The first sale on Little Spaniel's Crafts is up so you have to check out the < PROPFEMALE > to see what it is .. 
got someone who is ordering a special dress for now and might order more . yeapppppy !!!! 
happy 4th Everyone 
The new sale item is up on Little Spaniel's Craft < PROPFEMALE > so check it out . 
Tired !!! I dont even know y I got a full night of sleep . Did the children put a spell on me so I will sleep and they wont ??? lol 
Got ran off the road by a semi today . 
< PROPFIRST > starteda new job today !!!! 
Feels like crap ..... finely can get on computer since sis decided to rearrange the play area and didnt hook up the computer ..... also had a bladder infection move into kidneys should know if have to go to hosiptal 
Well < PROPFIRST > got laid off again cuz the company he was working for is a rat . 
If you have a wonderful man , who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you , \ 
who works hard & would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , \ 
that's your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who is your \ 
world & someone that you're thankful for every day repost this ? 
why are people stupid ? I have been having vegans and vegtarians trying to tell me that eating meat is the same as a serial killer . 
On my fan < PROPFEMALE > Little Spaniel's Crafts : Alright\ 
we are up to 30 fans , let us see if we can get to 50 fans . The 50th fan\ 
and the one who suggested them will each get a $15 certificate . 
Got to work tonite and hoping the cell phone decides to still work from when the < PROPMALE > decided that it was a cookie and need to be dunked in milk 
Still working on a friend's wedding gift and that < PROPMALE > doll dress .... there are pics of the dress up on Little Spaniel's Crafts < PROPFEMALE > dare you to check it out . 
Fun !!!! Both boys have fevers ..... up with < PROPMALE > now 
I do not know what to do with my self . Azy is going to school from 8 till 330 . Maybe I should clean . 
While azy is at school so much more gets done and < PROPMALE > becomes more demanding . He just dug his nails into my arm to get my attention to pick up his blanket and then him . 
Well azy got sick yesterday before lunch at school . So this morning when the school knew that he wasn't going to be there , they forgot to tell the bus driver , so azy was all upset about not riding the bus . Than at 1200am my brother rolled his car . So let us hope the day gets better 
Can we say the mortgage companies are scam artist ? Cuz they are nothing but a shipload of lairs . 
Ahaha the doctor , according to < PROPFIRST > , is being mean . 
Got a new puppy . He is < PROPFEMALE > sweat and laid back . Now just for potty training . 
Youngest child , Donny/Aya , decided to get up at 4 am and not go back to bed and keep me up . Than what does the little devil do go back to sleep when I got to get big bro ready for school . Maybe I can take a nap in a minute . 
my Facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best \ 
describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR first name . It can only be 1\ 
word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall , so I can leave a word \ 
about you ! 
not feeling too good , for some reason getting sulfur burps ????? 
ten times better . Working still on that dress but almost done : ) . IF you want to see pics you need to go to Little Spaniel's Crafts . 
Right now can't upload new pictures of my crafts to sell :( Arguing still with the mortgage company ... have had three people say they would mail me things to help me keep my home and just got a letter from a lawyer talking about foreclosure :( It just makes u go what the f **** 
Busy , Busy .... isn't it funny how everyone says they will work with you , but when you need them to , they want their money now . 
Finally getting somewhere on the mortgage . They got the paperwork but apparently need some other things that were not mention . But hopefully everything will be worked out . 
special\ 
needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure , and it's \ 
notcontagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of \ 
youprobably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it \ 
onyour status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week , and \ 
this ... is in honor of all the kids ... who need a little extra help and \ 
understanding . 
Wish me luck . I am doing the craft show at the vip mall in nebraska city . Hopefully I can make some money . 
It is pretty sad when you call the mortgage company to find out what info they are missing .... and than want to know where all the money you sent went then get transfer between two departments multiple time and still cant get an answer . By their records there is only 500 something in suspended funds when they should have 1300 . So where did the other 600 go ????? 
Good news , finally figured out where the missing money went . To my escrow balance . I also found out that their computers say I am only 3 months behind plus four dollars and some change . So my house went into foreclosure over less than 5 dollars !!!! 
I have finished some crocheted butterfly appliques and crochet flower appliques . I will be listing them soon and than maybe make some with clips to sell . I will try to get pics up later . 
Okay . I think things are going better . Not getting as sick all the time . Sent the mortgage company money , started cleaning my room , and getting more craft items done . 
Trying to get a huge holiday stock up . Working on a stork pouch for photos . The yarn is so soft , I want to cuddle with it . 
Okay Azy just decided that he wants to be < PROPFIRST > Mouse for Halloween . I am going to crochet the ears . Should I do the shorts too ? Cuz I am going to put him in a black sweat outfit with white gloves . I just have not figured out the yellow shoes yet . Maybe crochet a cover ? Input anyone ? 
Okay I am thinking about crocheting some berets . I know black and dark blue are good colors . Just do not know any other colors to do them in . Any suggestions ? 
Okay I am thinking of doing what is a comment game with my business , just not sure if it is a good idea . 
Okay very little sleep and got Azy's teacher coming for a visit somehow need to make the boys kep the house clean . This sounds like trouble . 
If any one knows a friend in Plattsmouth/Omaha/Bellevue area that needs props and would not have a problem trading pictures for props . Please let me know . My craft item pics could use a make over . 
I feel like crap . My yearly onset of coughing fits has started and I got to work tonite . Whis me luck . 
Happy Halloween everyone !!!! 
K so the mortgage company says we are approved for a modifacation , now we are waiting for the paperwork . 
got the paperwork , sent it back . They put what we owe at the end of the mortgage , lowered our rate and the first payment is due January . 
1 . Go\ 
to Google maps . 2 . Go to \Get Directions . \ " 3 . Type Japan as the start \ 
< PROPFIRST > was pretending to be a sleep and I suggested to the boys we should make daddy \pretty\ " with mommy's makeup . Azy went \ " no pretty daddy \"" 
Okay I need some help to get my marketing plan formed , so if some of my friends can answer these two questions I would really appreciated it . Thanks\ 
How would you describe me ? \ 
How would you describe my business ? 
Thank you veterans and all who serve . 
Okay it is freezing and looks like the S word ( now none can blame me if it happens ) . I got to go to work for tonight , all day tomorrow , and Saturday night . So hopefully I can stay warm . 
Survived taking kids to dentist . 
So would need a cigarette if i smoked . 
Wanting a nap . So tired and don't know y . Maybe iron low again . Maybe I should look for those nasty damn pills ? 
Is it a bad thing to not always tell the world what I am thinking ? Especially if I know that it is not ready for me ? 
Virus spreading like wildfire on Fb and My Space ! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you as a friend , don'taccept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds her then you get the virus too ! Pl ... ease copy and paste to your wall 
Happy Thanksgiving . 
Finished all my shopping and home to get ready for the craft show this weekend . 
Last day of the craft show . Feel free to come down and check it out in Nebraska City outlet mall . 
\Poke\ " me\ 
Went to hobby lobby yesterday and purchase a program I have been wanting for years now . It is one that turns pictures into cross stitch . Got home and the box was empty . Took it back and got to wait for at least two weeks for it to arrive . But they are willing to trade teh empty box for the program once it arrives . 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec 6 ) , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for violence against children 
BEER 
Just open an actual facebook store on Little Spaniel's Crafts . IF you are a fan , you get a discount if you purchase it off there . 
I do not want to be a wake yet !!!! 
Azy has picked up the saying \oh man\ " Good example is this morning . Azy \ " I need my bookbag\ " \ 
i found white stuff in my bed that doesn't belong to me or my husband ????? 
If you are not a fan of Little Spaniel's Crafts , you should because I only 7 fans away from the free gift certificates . 
I got another job !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Valentines Day . 
Make sure to check out Little Spaniel's Crafts < PROPFEMALE > for your < PROPMALE > to win a free crochet spring beanie !!! 
Check out little Spaniel's Crafts for a < PROPMALE > to win a crochet sock monkey !!! 
What the F **** is wrong with people ? Especially when you work for people and you work your a ** off . Than stab you in the back . Maybe I should quit working there ????? What do my true friends think ? 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts .. repost ....... My mom always said < PROPFEMALE > begins at home and home is the USA 
Another week of giveaways on my craft business's fan < PROPFEMALE > . Check it out . Little Spaniel's Crafts . 
Any one know a photographer that needs photo props ? 
I am just tired !! Pyschically and emotionally so if I seem like a complete downer or space ball . I really just can not get my give a dam up . 
[ Poke ] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do .. \ 
[ LIKE ] This status if you think am a good friend .. \ 
[ MESSAGE ] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me .. I wont tell anyone\ 
[ COMMENT ] On this if we have had good memories .. \ 
NOW LET'S SEE WHO'S BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS AND PUT IT ON THEIR STATUS ! :) 
Happy st. < PROPFEMALE > day !!!! 
Before any one freaks out , < PROPFIRST > is alright but he soooo totaled the Malibu . So he gets to drive my lumina when we get the new vechile . 
I have more proof on why I should get the new vechile .. . . . < PROPFIRST > got rear ended in my lumina . Just a dent in the bumper and < PROPFIRST > is fine , but proof on why I should get the new vechile . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think 
I had lunch with a football player sliding down a hill because I think I need some serious help . 
If your Dad is , or was , a hard working man , and is your hero , has helped you no matter how good or bad you were , and is just the best Dad ever ; if you are blessed to still have your Dad , or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one Dad ! I LOVE MY DAD !!! 
