She Smells like Blueberry muffins ;) Oyes !! 

feels tramatized ... i cant stop the this 
Anxious , Crazed .. maybe a panic attack ?? 
Accelerate Into isolation Gravitate To comfort , presentation Anxiety laden , restless confusion No courage , no confidence , absent delusion Most of us would be lying Holding fast to denying If we Said we're all feeling swell and content All of us would be slipping Backpedaling , gripping So tight To our fragile confidence 
We're trying Just to convince The world we're Something That we can't be We are not Afraid of Being alone Of being caught By oursselves With only Our own thoughts 
To die is to know that you're alive And my river of blood won't run dry I never wanted to lose you , no But a cold heart is a dead heart And it feels like I've been buried alive by love 
Love's icy tomb Dug open for you Lies in a cemetery that bears my name Love's violent tune From me to you Rips your heart out and leaves you bleeding with a smile on your face Kill me I begged and love said no Leave me for dead and let me go Kill me I cri 
All is lost in this war And all we can do is to wail and weep to the saddest song Sleepwalking past hope I unlit the light to embrace the dark To be near but not to turn into you my darling Forever we're lost in our souls ' storm Reflections of each other ' 
yay airing out our problems on facebook how original !! 
Despair has a face And all these wounds remain unhealed Blessed to kill and enslaved Are all hearts around love's will Thrilled to start all over again Crawl down dead lover's < PROPFIRST > , The maze of memories stained And suck the blood right out of my heart Fea 
The things you do are so mysterious When did things get so serious ?!!! Don't be afraid of the future It doesn't include you , it only removes you It's the only way out of the past Out of the now , out of the anything 
I feel For her ! 
my poem .. & its in my Hand ! Focus ; Focus Is issue of progress , forget the Gain To Reserve Note , For twenty your off to school learn to be free by being condemned by the ill gotten Gain of legal tender , I have no future , In tenure i I wish all the bes 
All the things you've done wrong Rebellious at heart all along Is your leader a voice ? Somehow you replaced all your game with a debt Now the payback's a Sin Why owe your life to a Sin ? Absolutely pathetic And regret it when told you are made of mistakes 
Is the blood stainless ? Enjoy the pain with accepting your grief Are you finished ? Dumb question , don't let yourself fall asleep Ressurect the intention Once your vision is now mass-produced , Imagine the insults a blessing imagine accepting the truth 
Put me away again Every now and then Your bottle spinning my fate As I hold my breath And you say you don't want any part of this now Where did it go so wrongI guess I'm finally finding out It's got me tripping now The little things , everywhere I go It's 
Those things I never thought you'd do You got the best of me You got the best of me , when you said you didn't love me anymore And I know , this will be the last time You've got me , running in circles like a freak So why do you try , to kick me when I'm down 
When you Wake up From this Dream i hope your feeling PURE 
Has has A blessed week In a crazy odd way :P 
How to break a heart It is not difficult Anyone can do it So could you , if you tried Just find a light And switch it off As easy as blinking That's what I was taught When I was too young to ask By ladies in white nightgowns In dripping weeds and black rib 
You're everything That's why I cling to you When I emerge My thoughts converge to you To you The world is so small Compared to you And everybody's wrong Compared to you To you I begin to see through your eyes All the former mysteries are no su rprise So now , you listen Cuz I'm omniscient Hey look at me lady I'm just a little baby You're lucky to have me I'm cute and sweet as < PROPFEMALE > As charming as a fable I'm innocent 
:PPPPP 
I'll testify ! It’s time to see religion die ! The truth can’t lie ! It’s time to see religion die ! Who cares ? Who's right ? It’s time to see religion die ! 
There's a flame that leads our souls astray No one's safe from its tender touch of pain And every day it's looking for new slaves To celebrate the beauty of the grave We are like the living dead Sacrificing all we have For a frozen heart and a soul on fire We are like the living dead Craving for deliverance With a frozen heart and a soul on fire 
I wake up in the basement I must be here sleepwalking Mustn't I ? Getting up from my easy chair looking for my wife Following a trail of crimson Spots that lead into the night Suddenly I realize I see it all through real eyes These crimson spots are dripping from my hand And ooh it makes me feel like a man 
I don't want to see you go , I don't even want to be there . I will cover up my eyes And pray it goes away . You've only lived a minute of your life I must be dreaming , Please stop screaming . I don't like to hear you cry . You just don't know How deep that cuts me . So I will cover up my eyes And it will go away . You've only lived a minute of your life I must be dreaming , Please stop screaming . 
You gotta chased on your face You got some scare in your hair You got some rock in your walk And some hips in your slips You got stars on your scars You got surprise in your eyes You put some bite in the night 
Ready yourself for the end Ready yourself cause you cannot pretend Ready yourself for the late , for the great The Destroyer’s surrounded and cannot defend The lives that you thought that were yours to devour Destroyer , the tables have turned in this hour The plagues you unleashed , every vice that you fed Shall be visited here tenfold on your head Let go Cause you know In the end all you were was a pawn in the show 
why can't i sleep and i don't understand what keeps me breathing i'm waiting for you , i know your leaving i'll still adore you you'll never need me to hold on , i found another way to let you go . You found another way to bleed my soul .. 
I believed in nothing But you believe in me I thought that life was worthless But you told me I'm a < PROPFEMALE > 
I have never felt I had a home Even in a crowd I felt alone I'd almost given up on life I'm fully determined now And never thought I'd ever feel again 
I've never been loved by an angel Until tonight your heaven filled my room She showed me love could lift me higher With a kiss she reparied these broken wings She revived my fading spirit Restored my faith in everything 
I find love humilating Sick and desperate need that drains me God I hope I never feel again But I've never been loved by an angel I've never felt anything so pure 
I believed that love was sacred As I dove blindly into her sea You see , that warm embrace felt more like drowning As endless waves crashed over me She was an insatiable black hole Feeding off my mind and off my soul 
Those haunting rhymes are keeping the time , but they'll never get through to me . It's my party , but I'm waiting for someone to start it . It's my party , there's no one but me in the corner . Gotta get my mojo runnin ' , engine hummin ' , don't I ? 
Mmm Cheetos !! 
< PROPFIRST > & < PROPMALE > , friend or Foe ? 
Cancel that flight into oblivion , ( Cancel that flight into oblivion ) Your ship now has an open seat , ( Your ship now has an open seat ) Enjoy those sips of sour poison , ( Enjoy those sips of sour poison ) And say hello to death for me , ( And say hello to death for me ) . 
Cancel that flight into oblivion , Your ship now has an open seat , Enjoy those sips of sour poison , While I sit back and watch it rain ! Let it rain ! Let it rain ! 
Cancel my ticket booked to fire , New < PROPFEMALE > will curse the flame , the flame , the flame ! 
Cancel my ticket booked to fire , Choirs of angels sing my name , Machete to that destination , New < PROPFEMALE > will curse the flame , the flame 
This hallowed vaccination , This sacred pure attraction , In you I´m now just a ... passenger . So now take the reigns ... 
The terror of the daylight , It once consumed me , My undead devious ways , To the end of getaways . 
Cancel my ticket booked to fire , Choirs of angels sing my name , Machete to that destination , New < PROPFEMALE > will curse the flame , the flame . 
I returned my cement shoes , Cashed in my sadness , I don´t intend to sleep with the fish . Because I can´t resist ... 
Bayonets to insurgents , Lurking in my veins , My DNA red template , Saluting my dark angel dragnet . 
October project 86 !!!! 
Why are the gorgeous ones homicidal maniacs !! Is it Me ?! 
We have to prove That our love is real over and over again But let them think what they want I know it will never end Because I know where it began And my heart still heart still pounds twice as fast Whenever you walk by Cause I still love you 
So I think Ill stay Caught up in a silent prayer I believe in silence Our hearts speak the same word So why dont we just walk along The shoreline with a silent song Cause I believe in silence Our hearts speak the same word 
Its common knowledge That youve been dead for a while Its well known that the cross is only a burden With pains and trials But then again how come my shoes are so light How come I can walk for < PROPMALE > And still just love you 
They wont see The fire you have lit inside of me They look up to the stars And wonder where you might be They look up without realizing That theyre standing right there in the palm of your hand I cant explain or understand I just love you 
Convinced of my deception I've always been a fool I fear this love reaction Just like you said I would A < PROPFEMALE > could never lie About the love it brings And I could never promise To be any of those things If I was not so weak If I was not so cold If I was not so scared of being broken Growing old I would be ... Frail 
I never thought that you Who would believe that I wasn't good enough ? Those things I never thought you'd do You got the best of me You got the best of me , when you said you didn't love me anymore .. 
Might shave my head out of a bitter rage ! ;) ha ha ! 
Has brain damage & has a faital tumor Well , feels like it sometimes .. & is a fatherless bastered & a < PROPMALE > slow on the uptake , & girls tend to use him .. Ha dumb basterd lol !! 
We're not alone in this psychrodrome , but I know that I don't want to lose yah , A love is made like a starbucks chain and we're taking all of you home . We're not alone in this psychrodrome , and I know that I don't want to lose yah , livin ' the dream if you know what I mean , and i'll be that boy you used to know . We're not alone in this psychrodrome , but I know that I don't want to lose yah !!!! 
Remember me when you're the one who's silver screened , Remember me when you're the one you always dreamed , Remember me whenever noses start to bleed , Remember me , special needs , Remember me when you clinch your movie deal , And think of me stuck in my chair that has four wheels , Remember me through flash photography and screams , Remember me , special dreams .. 
Time to take my way threw The Arkham Asylum Again !! 
No matter what I do it's never good enough I give all that is me ; still it's never enough So , why try ? I give up . What does it feel like to be in your shoes And walk over everyone like you do ? Take me down again , I want you to . You're lovely , so beautiful and You're perfect in every way . Your interior rusted and I'm so disgusted Can't trust it . 
So much to say so little time for me , to explain the way I feel You only see , things the way you want to see them It makes sense to you all these things you do You’ve got it all figured out while everyone is confused How do you do it ? In your mind I'm just blind You're right all of the time If I think for myself , I guess I'm way out of line I'm not who you are I'm so sorry 
A heart that hurts , Is a heart that works , Ahh placebo i love you ! 
Why is it the one Girl i'm Interested in has to live < PROPFEMALE > Dang FAR ??!!!!!!!!! KAHN !!!!!!!!! 
\You're no better or no worse than the others We are all the same And life is just a moment You might as well enjoy this day It's time to start believing That everything you want is on it's way\ " Man i am Smitten .. " 
WAITING FOR THIS JURY TO UNWIND COZ IT’S BEEN SO HARD WEARING MY HEART UP MY SLEEVE . TIME HAS NEVER BEEN A FRIEND OF MINE BUT IT HAS OWED ME A FAVOR 
poems can be fun , like blood in your eye !! 
Blood Orange & cold 
Headed to Project 86 Show !!!! Whammy 
Project 86 Rocked the House !!! My ears are Ringing & I cant Talk at All , WHOO HOO !! 
So hard she's trying But her heart won't turn to stone ... oh no She keeps on crying But I won't leave her alone She'll never be alone 
She is smiling like heaven is down on earth Sun is shining so bright on her And all her wishes have finally come true And her heart is weeping . This happiness is killing her . She'll be right here in my arms So in Love She'll be right here in these arms She can't let go 
Whenever I dream of you It seems like forever is not so long Whenever I see the truth All I've wanted - everything for you And I know - they'll try to tempt you with shallow vices So darling let go - there's more to life than broken promises I've waited so long - for you to fall into my arms No reason to feel so lost and alone All I want is to see Through these clouds of doubt That are in me 
A prey she was for the cruelty of love While its serpent inside crawled straight towards her heart The coldest kiss love ceased to exist While we grew apart like never before And love wants us dead just for her And love's heart is death the fire in her eyes grew dim and then died as the poison inside reached her heart And the coldest bliss faith ceased to exist 
The world was on fire No one could save me but you . Strange what < PROPFEMALE > will make foolish people do I never dreamed that I'd meet somebody like you And I never dreamed that I'd lose somebody like you What a wicked game you play To make me feel this way What a wicked thing to do To let me dream of you What a wicked thing to say You never felt this way What a wicked thing to do To make me dream of you 
IN This Moment Is comin to town !!! Ya !! 
Girl listens to mom So she lights a match and pretends to sleep While everything burns Man drives nowhere So he pressed the pedal , hit a few dogs And felt good Boy hears teacher's words So he closed his eyes and stepped in front of a train Woo ! I can hear your voice < PROPFEMALE > O.K. I lied-it's really the voice Of the guy who kicked your head in Look in the mirror 
Nice Stems .. 
All is lost in this war And all we can do is to wail and weep to the saddest song Sleepwalking past hope I unlit the light to embrace the dark To be near but not to turn into you my darling Forever we're lost in our souls ' storm Reflections of each other's faults I gave up long ago Painting love with crimson flow Ran out of blood and hope So I paint you no more 
Disorder | Rating Paranoid : High Schizoid : Low Schizotypal : High Antisocial : Moderate Borderline : Moderate Histrionic : High Narcissistic : Low Avoidant : Very High Dependent : High Obsessive-Compulsive : High 
think i'll wait for the tide seems it's all i can do right now there must be a reason i've run aground think i'll lie in the sun for awhile maybe inside out i've been leaving messages for you i'm sure it will all work out 
Your my Almond Joy !! 
I got somethin ' and it goes thumpin ' like this !! 
Do you wanna take my picture Cuz I won't remember 
Is there something on your mind ? Couldn't just let it show , seems your life is one white Lie I'm walking away with the life of the party Do what you do and say what you say You can wear what you want , but we still look the same 
Watch SNL Now !!! < PROPFIRST > swift !! 
All the words you wouldn't sayAnd the games you played with my unfoolish heartI should have known this from the startOh the winter and springGoing hand in hand just like my love and painI don't want to be let downI don't want to live my life againDon't want to be lead down the same old roadI don't want to be let downI don't want to live my lies againDon't want to be lead down the same old road 
Skittles ' Friend or Foe ??? 
Hopeing for a Yes !! 
When my heartstrings come undone I will wait for you , I will pray for you Before I make my final run I will stay with you , decay with you I know I'm not the perfect one , This pain has just begun It's something I already < PROPMALE > , I already < PROPMALE > ! 
They search and strain and drink and stagger They play on ... but I'll never , ever look back Zombies staring , looking my way Crying out for something ... They can't fill their stomachs with enough to satisfy The hunger growing Needing something real ! 
Strange As It seems , You've been In My Dreams All My Life !! 
I Gave Her Everything Inside One Heart Could Find I Gave Her Passion My Very Soul I Am The Damned I Am The Dead I Am The Agony Inside The Dying Head This Is Injustice Woe Unto Thee I Pray This Punishment Would Have Mercy On Me And It Doesn't Seem To Matter And It Doesn't Seem Right ' Cause The Will Has Brought No Fortune Still I Cry Alone At Night Don't You Judge Of My Composure ' Cause I'm Bothered Everyday 
smitten Like A Boss ! 
Is Coloring < PROPFEMALE>'s Hair .. & hope's To God It will be rockin !! 
Annies Color !! 
Curiously Strong ! ;) 
very next to perfect day ;) & Smitten !! 
So I run , hide and tear myself up Start again with a brand new name And eyes that see into infinity 
I cant be home tonight , i'll make it back its allright No one could ever love me half as good as you If you cant be strong tonight , love makes you sad its allright Noone could ever worry half as good as you 
Gotta badge for my scars just the other day Wore it proud for the sake of my sanity I could see the flames burn bright from the windin road Like a haunting < PROPFEMALE > from our history Watched a young girl cry and her mother scream Its the saddest thing when angels fly away 
I'll make a soldiers decision to fly away Load my gun , paint my face , call me misery I can see the sky light up and the ground explode Got my sights locked in i can see you breathe Then i watched you fall and somebody scream Its the saddest thing when angels fly away 
I'm-an-or-din-a-ry-guy , Burning down the house !! 
I Found You now a can Be free !! 
Save The Drama for your MAMA !!! 
There you stood in disbelief , Trying all you could to see through these lies And every word that I could breathe , Would find you more inclined to leave , but I tried And knowing what I've done to you , With every thought you suffer through My heart as black as evil can be And everything I could have been , Erased by what I wanted then My regrets have never known such sorrow All the shame that you hide 
im < PROPFEMALE > Smitten !! lol <3 
A pretty tired 
All alone he turns to stone While holding his breath half to death Terrified of what's inside To save his life He crawls like a worm from a bird 
Miss me Miss me now you gotta Kiss me !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas you little Jerks !! 
For < PROPFEMALE >;) 
gona Eat sum BK !! Wopper & a Shake ! With Marty !! Booyaka 
I wish i could have moment For Life .. 
Happy new year you little jerks !!! 
Anyone know were i can get a free back adjustment ? ? I'm really hurting . 
And the best mullut goes to .... < PROPFIRST > ! ! 
Mullet . .. soon dislex 
Downer's Are the The last to leave the the Mind 
Ga Ga , oo La La !!! 
Were on earth Is < PROPFIRST > ???? 
Have you ever Had a song haunt you , or spoke volumes to you ?? As if you were to die & the song gave everyone the story to sum up your life ... what is yours ?? 
All around me are familiar faces Worn out places , Bright and early for the daily races Going nowhere , And their tears are filling up their glasses No expression , Hide my head I wanna drown my sorrows No tomorrow , And I find it kind of funny I find it kind of sad The dreams in which I'm dying Are the best I ever had I find it hard to tell you I find it hard to take It's a very Mad world .. 
Lets just Run !! You could be the remedy ! 
Children waiting for the day they feel good Happy birthday , May they feel the way that every child should Sit and listen , Went to school and I was very nervous No one knew me , no one knew me Hello teacher tell me what's my lesson Look right through me , And I find it kind of funny , I find it kind of sad The dreams in which I'm dying Are the best I've ever had I find it hard to take It's a very Mad world 
Uhn tiss , Uhn tiss , uhn tiss ! Baby !! 
all u need is 
< PROPFIRST > Koon were can you be ?? 
\Let's Get Dangerous\ " Dark Wing Duck ... " 
Anxiety Atttack Anyone ??!!!! Ok then , ill have one long huge one !! I hate when people see me like this !! 
I dream what you're dreaming And feel what you're feeling Love's our shadow on the wall With the face of god 
I awoke the < PROPFEMALE > saw horses growing out the lawn I followed a rabbit through rows of mermaid entwined Shrubbery Oh what marvelous things but , they are , they are , they are giving me the creeps Dark night ... hold tight , and sleep tight my baby 
Rice Crispies treats , Friend or Foe ?? 
Dont Want you to leave !!!! 
O yay , Life can Suck Again !! just when you get what you want , it moves ?? 
I'm afraid to be alone Afraid you'll leave me when I'm gone I'm afraid to come back home 
I force myself through another day Can ? t explain the way today just fell apart like everything Right in my face And I try to be the one I can't accept this all because of you I've had to walk away 
come back soon ! 
MISS , MISS , MISS YOU !!!!!! 
Miss My World !! 
ugh !! 2 more daze !! 
i've come to collect !!! 
Wow , Im not a nice guy ! & i wonder how i got this way ? 
a few more hours left !!! 
She is smiling like heaven is down on earth Sun is shining so bright on her And all her wishes have finally come true And her heart is weeping . This happiness is killing her . So hard she's trying But her heart won't turn to stone But I won't leave her alone She'll be right here in my arms So in Love She'll be right here in these arms She can't let go 
some Girls have it all 
My Mother Is impossible !!! & stubborn !! o God Help me !! 
Victims ! Arn't we All ?? 
Much Luv < PROPFEMALE > !! :) 
I made It home From Winter Park Alive !! Got A 92 Doller Ticket !! But Id do it Again .. Wink Wink !! 
Tomorrow came too soon I barely made it through today Still empty inside I guess nothing's really changed I'm still afraid to feel ' Cause I cannot take the pain I'm still afraid to feel Afraid to lose someone again I wish that somehow I could leave My past behind My fears behind If I could only breathe you in 
Don't let the world deceive you Don't let their words betray you Don't let their lies deceive you Let Them Do Their Worst 
We will not die this way Death claims us no more Do not grieve , end the suffering We will live , live eternal 
Will you take the stand amongst the dead ? Bury your fear , and hold fast to life 
We will not die this way , in unification They cannot break these chains of faith , yeah Let them do their worst Never slaves to iniquity 
She Was my Summer , You are me Autumn 
New BT baby !! 
All simple monkeys with alien babies 
Those haunting rhymes are keeping the time , but they'll never get through to me . It's my party , but I'm waiting for someone to start it . It's my party , there's no one but me in the corner . Gotta get my mojo runnin ' , engine hummin ' , don't I ? Keep haunting me , taunting me , but they'll never get through to me 
God Is in the T.V 
Neew BT Is AMAZING !!! 
Skinned her alive , ripped her apart Scattered her ashes , buried her heart 
Honest to God I'll break your heart Tear you to pieces and rip you apart !! 
Yea , The Dingo Ate your BABY ! 
We had guns and drums and drums and guns , Hurroo Hurroo We had guns and drums and drums and guns , Hurroo Hurroo We had guns and drums and drums and guns The enemy never slew ya < PROPFIRST > I hardly knew ya 
I see all this potential , and I see it squandered . God damn it , an entire generation pumping gas , waiting tables slaves with white collars . Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes , working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need . We're the middle children of history , man . No purpose or place . We have no Great War . No Great Depression . Our great war is a spiritual war . Our great depression is our lives . 
Thank You God , For the freedom to Wonder & Question Everything ... 
Making DINNER , I tend to love to cook ! ;) 
Their words mostly noises Ghosts with just voices Your words in my memory Are like music to me I'm < PROPMALE > from where you are , I lay down on the cold ground I , I pray that something picks me up And sets me down in your warm arms 
Chapter 2 !! 
What's a virtue , where'd you go to When you're hurting ? It's a weakness , it's a sickness In the < PROPFIRST > pool Show no mercy , people here say Kill the damned fool This illness is like a monster that is Eating us alive Hold on , be strong !! 
Drugged ! ;) But On something Beautiful !!! Cheesey But Awesome !!! 
What The name of your Band ? WHO ? The name of your band ? WHO , The NAME of your band ?!! WHO !! 
\old Fork Please \"!!" 
Same old dreams of escape again Our same old dreary fate again That one horse town belays again Lets take to the streets so we can breathe again And we scream our names to the heavens and the plains Then we'll run like hell and get clear of this place We'll have more of raging hearts than graves But I'd take that any day always 
If it were me I'd be always running Always running , with you , always We're gonna be always together Always running 
Girl listens to mom So she lights a match and pretends to sleep While everything burns Man drives nowhere So he pressed the pedal , hit a few dogs And felt good Boy hears teacher's words So he closed his eyes and stepped in front of a train 
Woops Sorry ' bout that It's just an accident Revenge Nobody forgets Chop it into bits The bitterness is hard to hide It smells like homicide Just nod and say it's O.K. 
V-Day , Ended Rockin !!!!! Gigidy !! 
Woo Hoo Day 2 ;) ;) 
We had guns and drums and drums and guns , Hurroo Hurroo We had guns and drums and drums and guns , Hurroo Hurroo We had guns and drums and drums and guns The enemy never slew ya 
I seem to be a Scumbag by nature & I have no idea how or why i got this way .. & i use to be such a nice guy .... * Snaps Fingers * 
If I could tear you from the ceiling , And guarantee a source divine , Rid you off possessions fleeting , Remain your funny < PROPFIRST > . Don't go and leave me , And please don't drive me blind .. 
Panda Watch !!!! 
Woo ! Done With work , Play time ... Time to Head to the ice House !! < PROPMALE > BABY ! 
Danger Is Go !! 
You come from out of nowhere My glance truns to a stare Obsession rules me - I'm yours from the start I know you see me - Our eyes interlock You come from out of nowhere My glance turns to a stare One minute here and one minute there Don't know if I'll laugh or cry One minute here and one minute there And then you wave good-bye ... 
Flawless Victory ! 
Fail will the heartless world , I'll send you postcard words In the flames youve tried so hard to extinguish with fear of failing , Ill write down everything i have learned and edit it down to a single word : Love , You have waited , anticipated Sparks we'll fly or beneath the lunar lights , Lazarus and frankensteins , Babe , ill be a flatliner for a heart killer ! 
I know the feeling It is the real thing The essence of the soul The perfect moment That < PROPFEMALE > moment I know you feel it too I know the feeling It is the real thing You can't refuse the embrace ... NO ! 
It's like the pattern beneath the skin You gotta reach out and pull it all in And you feel like you're too close So you swallow another dose The pinnacle of happiness Filling up your soul You don't think you can take any more You never wanna let go Cause it's the root of experience The most basic ingredients To see the unseen glitter of life And feel the dirt , grief , anger and strife 
< PROPFEMALE > the certainly of now It kills you a bit at a time Cradle the inspiration It will leave you writhing on the floor ... This is so unreal , What I feel , This nourishment , Life is bent , In to a shape , I can hold , A twist of fate , All my own , Just grit your teeth , And make no sound , Take a step away And look around , 
Just clench your fist , And close your eyes , Look deep inside , Hypnotize , The whisper is , But a shout , That's what it is , All about , Yes , the ecstasy , You can pray , You will never let , It slip away , 
Like the sacred song that someone sings through you Like the flesh so warm that the thorn sticks into Like the dream you know one day will come to life Try to hold on just a little longer , longer , stronger It's the < PROPFIRST > of victory The chasm of misery And once you have bitten the core You will always know the flavor 
The split second of divinity You drink up the sky All of heaven is in your arms You know the reason why It's right there , all by itself And what you are , there is nothing else You're growing a life within a life The lips of wonder kiss you inside And when it's over the feeling remains It all comes down to this The smoke clears , I see what it is That made me feel this way ... 
Its Hard to Stay Broken ! 
If you you can amputate my heart Then I will learn to smile and then You can replace me with yourself And I'll become the model citizen And I will tell them all That I had this breakthrough surgery They give you a pill They remove your heart And replace it with a battery 
So now I wait as they make me Into someone else If I believe what they tell me I'm tired of being myself Cause they take and the take A piece of me everyday 
Have we be become less than meaning , we ended the serech ? Reach the end nape , All gone it apears , left to shape on our own ? God To the gone , we missed it , now its up to the Child to run what we negleted , dont want to end but we must , therefore Dead .... 
Its All a joke , Weve Been Riddled ........................ 
Arn't we All a itch ?? 
I Am A Villain !! 
Some people don't know what is wrong So they're knee deep Knee deep in sorrow 
Who said that I wasn't right ? I've lived for years without a life Don't have a soul on my side Still ridiculed despite how hard that I have tried Don't take me under your wing I don't need a hand , don't need anything I've got a roof over my head As if I'd rather be alone with me instead 
Which of you Little Jerks Spiked my Tea ??!! 
Clash Of the Titans With Miss < PROPFEMALE > !! then After , Whammy ;) 
I Need RoomMate Sooon .. House , 385 a month Free washer dryer , year lease .. & Me . message me if your intrested .. 
I Need RoomMate Sooon .. House in Wheat ridge , 385 a month Free washer dryer , year lease .. & Me . message me if your intrested .. 
I Need RoomMate Sooon .. House in Wheat ridge , 385 a month Free washer dryer , year lease .. & Me . message me if your intrested .. 
All my friends are ghosts they go away , Fade and disappear more with each day 
Miss you ! 
Give me a hint , is this it ? 
Rarr ! Stick with what you say so i wont be confused . 
I'm just a stranger here , despite your everything I'm not attached to your world of disease Like father always said , and I can only agree Son they will hate you because they always hated me And even though I feel alone I know that I could never be , If it's a choice between this veil of ecstasy And all the lonely suffering of seeing this so clearly I'll find all the comfort that I need inside this bleeding 
And if I only could , Make a deal with God , And get him to swap our places , Be running up that road , Be running up that hill , Be running up that building . If I only could You don't wanna hurt me , But see how deep the bullet lies . Unaware that I'm tearing you asunder . There's a thunder in our hearts , So much hate for the ones we love ? Tell me , we both matter , don't we ? 
MY PHONE GOT WASHED WITH MY PANTS !!! Damn It !! No phone now !! 
Got another phone . Message me your numb if likes ! 
Goin 2 see him ! 
Him . Rocked !! 
Women , Confuse me .. There crazed . yet i love the it . 
Galactic body wash- ! 
The dead girl in my dreams was made with the street . I can see her . she was wearing a blue dress and long black hair . 
I want 2 look at Gods face so it can kill me . Cuz i dont want 2 live like this .. 
Loving you might even kill me ... 
Heart , Dont fail me now ! 
Snick . 
For what its worth No one cares when your out on the street picking up the peices to make ends meet . No one cares when your down in the gutter when you got no friends . 
Workin on my birthday . Suckfest ! 
She wrote i love you on my wall with silly string ! Awe <3 and sexy beast on my car .. Ha ha this was a kick ass nite to turn 26 ! Its odd 2 say that now ... Wow im old ... 
Thank you guys for your birthday wishes , you hav made this day better . thanks and Godbless and shalom to my facebook friendz !! 
Feed the mighty bung hole ! 
Is in pain ... 
A the beauty of PD rescue 
So pple call you father , maybe you can set me free . These pple hate each other . you always been there for me ... 
I know you will complete this work started in me i need you more than ever now that i know who you are . need you more ever now that i come so far ... 
I feel your hands in my soul .. 
Hangin with my < PROPFEMALE > for her birthday ! 
Happy in the club with a bottle of red wine stars in her eyes cuz were havin a good time . So happy i cud die !! 
HIT ME AGAIN TUBE SOCK !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is a amazing chick !! 
Remember . POGS ? 
Man is the unnatural animal , the rebel child . - H.G. Wells 
Who likes me ? Really , just the weird mexican kid in the cornA ... :p 
I miss the old school All That ! \Im repair Man man man man man man !! " 
Needs 2 be better 
Are u real ? So i can wake up 
Were are you !!? 
Lucky charms sound good along with sum < PROPFIRST>'s jr. .. 
Last comic standing you little jerks ! 
Found my ipod !! HOLLA IT UP !! 
Satarday random funness 
WISH I WAS A < PROPMALE > WHITE GIRL . SO I CAN WINE ABOUT HOW MY LIFE IS UNPERFECT AND WEAR MY WEALTH WORTH ON MY SLEAVE ... AND WIMPER ABOUT WHAT MY V.W CUZ ITS NOT A BMW ! O MY PARENTS SUCK AND I HATE PEOPLE .. . 
O Deli Zone . How i Missed you ! 
Seven falls !! 
< PROPFEMALE > LOOKS PWEETY ! ;) 
Sum times its hard 2 keep in touch with friends even close ones , for me most of them live outa state and we havent spoke < PROPFEMALE > while ... So Love you and miss you . 
Shalom .. Sometimes it says it all .. 
Mediterranean food .. For a mexican .. A stretch not 2 bad thou .. 
JUST ATE AT THE BK LOUNGE .. 
Id shake a baby for sum skittles .. 
alice9sux sent you a video : \TWILIGHT SUCKS ! Emo Vampire Song : The Key of Awesome #3 \"" 
< PROPFIRST > schneider , You are the Man !! 
Just dont get it .. You dont Play me like that .. Pride sets in women .. 
Distrust this .. 
Rock the fireworks for ID4 !! Happy 4th Litttle Jerks !! 
My mom is crazy but i love her she is Awesome ! 
And my mom knws how 2 cook ! 
You Look < PROPFEMALE > happy ... 
Brain Hurts ! Math I < PROPFEMALE > Hate you !! 
Just saw pics from Transfomers 3 . And Optamis prime gets his tralier !! And the Autobots look < PROPFEMALE > Amesome !! 
Just saw pics from Transfomers 3 . And Optamis prime gets his tralier !! And the Autobots look < PROPFEMALE > Amesome !! They Got new paint jobs ! I AM < PROPFEMALE > READY .. AUTOBOTS ROLLOUT !! 
This Movie of my Life just doesnt hold together , But at least it beats the crap outa Batman Forever ! 
The new IN THIS MOMENT is Amazing !!! 
A Guy will allways have to wait Like Ten Hours !! For a women to get ready ! But hey its worth it i guess ;p 
TAKE IT ALL !! Jury is Coming ! Coming to tear us Apart ! All this Pissing and moaning , Im trapt in this world lonely and fadeing , hartbroken and waiting for you to come , we are stuck < PROPFEMALE > world thats not ment for me ! 
I miss < PROPFIRST > y < PROPFIRST > And his Funky Bunch ;p ... lol 
Wants 2 move to San < PROPMALE > just so i could go to Comic Con !! 
When I was only a zygote\ 
I still remember the time\ 
When there was nothing to know or to think about\ 
Except the sound of my mind\ 
And the sound from outside\ 
\ 
SenSurround\ 
Down at the bottom\ 
Sensible to ear and sternum\ 
And the world first spoke to me in SenSurround 
I forgot how much i dig they might be Giants :p 
What have i become ? 
Watchin Twister .. I do love this movie ... :) 
IM GOING DEEPER UNDERGROUND . THERES TOO MUCH PANIC IN THIS TOWN 
I cant be home tonight , ill make it back its all right , you cant be strong tonight , Love Makes you sad its all right.no one could ever love me half as good as you .. 
\ THIS IS HOW < PROPFEMALE > DIES .. WITH THUNDEROUS APPLAUSE ! \"" 
Is lit up with the blisterd Root of my heros 
I Want to have went to Comic Con !! 
My life would be cooler if my car Transformed into a robot ! That would be so awesome .. 
Cocoa puffs , friend or foe ?? 
I felt the tears of all your Angels < PROPFEMALE > colld . I SAW THE FALL OF ALL YOUR CHILDREN < PROPFEMALE > COLD 
Thanx To < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > For Being awesome !! Much Love to them !! 
Is Ready TO ROCK you Little Jerks !!! 
At the bad show !! he he 
Shows how much this is done . I end my chapter without a sound and all will be gone . Run down by the order of \Things\ " Take a Joke and leave . " 
\LIFE IS A JOKE\ " God is the punchLine " 
Is there any wonder we look in Vain ... 
Badly spelled . Story of my life ... 
I Blame \Joy\ " for Depression ... " 
Shoping at walmart is like riding a scooter , its fun till your friends catch you doin it !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Banks you are awesome 
The name is Knockers .. VOD KAKNOCKERS 
Something something random 
We had to part .. There was no way i could keep you here ... Reach out for you and die i fall from grace from tonite .. reach out for you and i .. 
The trick is to \keep breathing \"." 
SHES AWESOME ! 
Im really Greatfull for my mom ... 
Good night everyone . . GOD BLESS .. 
Love can kill you , Love can save Us all . 
Were Gonna Need some Action Soon .... 
I smell boulder burning ! 
Rockin Time in estes ice cream & gyro's 
What you do 2a day Little Jerks ? 
Im drinkin Kool-Aid ... I havent drank it since i was 11 .. :p 
GOD SAVE US !! EVERY1 
its not my Place to say . Id be there , My dear friend to face the hurt the lost time . To join you by your side ... LOVE WILL FIND you again . Be the guarded heart and open your mind . Wish it gets better than today mx friend 
God save us everyone\ 
will be burn\ 
inside the fires of a thousand suns for the sins of hand\ 
sins of our tongue\ 
sins of our father\ 
sins of our young 
God bless us everyone\ 
We're a broken people living under loaded gun\ 
And it can't be outfought\ 
It can't be outdone\ 
It can't be out matched\ 
It can't be outrun 
Has the third season of the big bang and yay for me !! 
Are you insecure and Bitter Already ? 
DINNER AT < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and call me a a Girl but i put lemon in my coke ! 
And i love it when you fall to me .. Suddenly ... 
OK , 500 Days of summer is such a Awesome flick .. I LOVE IT since i sawh it in theaters . I watch it offten . If u havent seen check it out ! 
Myspace is the abandon theme park of the internet ... 
Wrap your troubles in dreams so it wont be as hard as it seems .. 
Some Girls Just GET IT =] 
Mmm Turkey Burger ... 
Better with you is rather funny .. 
The models are getin makeovers yea im watching A.T.M 
What is your fav Tv show . The one you cant go without the one you buy the seasons on dvd ? 
In a Devo mood .. Peek a boo ! 
Who do u think is the most under rated Band , Artist in your eyes ? And what album will you will never get tired of ?? 
What do i do ? 
I want to shoot myself cuz of my sinus pressure !! 
Paint it up so i wont see the pain that is ending my fall ... 
Lol I owe I owe its off to work i go ! 
Love You Bam & < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
& Happy Birthday Bam ! 
Im sleeping with a lampshade 
A HEART THAT HURTS , IS A HART THAT WORKS ... 
Things you own end up owning you ... 
Feel weak .. 
Song of the Day : step Down , from . The Moxy 
Song of the Day : Suddenly from . Bt 
I dont want you to feel forgotten , and only you can hold your fait , remember that all the pain it cost here , and theres no space to place the Blame .. 
DINNER @ Swing < PROPFEMALE > with miss pretty wiskers .. =] 
Sum poser hands me a piece of cake at a birthday party , u want me to do eat it ? HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GROUND !!! I Threw the rest of the cake too !! 
In a < PROPMALE > Mood but i still dnt knw whats it sounds like when Doves cry ... 
Outback ? Ok i guess .. Mmm ribeye ! Booyaka !! 
< PROPFIRST > Serra , you still amaze me ... 
Song of the day : Sweet Disposition .. From : The Temper Trap .. 
Pow !!! Right in the kisser , Pow !!! Right in the kisser , Pow !! Right in the kisser !! 
Do you really want me ? Dead or to live torture for my sins ? Do you really want me Dead or alive to live a Lie ?? 
Why is that sum of the best < PROPMALE > & Cheese Ever is made by moms ?! Maybe just a mothers touch , or maybe they just spit in it when were not lookin .. :p 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
MAD WORLD ... 
Stuffed Crust with my Lady .. What to watch now ? Hmm .. 
DISTRICT 9 AND PIZZA HUT'S STUFF CRUST BABY ! 
Sorry i cant not hear you im kinda busy .. Ya Kinda bussyy 
OK gona see jackass 2nite and im ready !!! 
Wendys sounds nice about now .. 
I get home and my Dog is watching Jersey Shore .. WTH ? =p 
Mmm Carls Jr ... 
From grace she fell beneath the ashes\ 
That forced her to her knees\ 
Cut her open wide\ 
To bleed her body dry of feeling\ 
The wounds will form no scars\ 
Only memories\ 
A broken bitter heart that's stained in Pride\ 
Behind her cold and vacant eyes . \ 
The tears that line her face . \ 
The anguish\ 
The taste that haunts her lips\ 
Closing loveless eyes 
Ha ha ! 1000 WAYS TO DIE ... 
I feel bad for cousin ... 
WALMART MAKES YOU FAT .. :p 
Its crazy how many oreos ive eaten in two days .. Wow .. 
The reset needs atending to .. 
Goodtimes burgers and Toy story 3 ... What a nite !! 
Who needs ADT when you have a Dog Hopd up on porkskins :p 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Cooper Mood !! No more Mr. Nice Guy ! 
Song of the Day : Ballad of < PROPMALE > Fry ... BY < PROPFEMALE > Cooper .. 
\Dont be afraid to try something new remember amateurs built the ark ; professionals built the titanic .. \ " :p " 
Panda watch !! 
PS3 OR XBOX ? WHAT U GUYS THINK ROCKS ? 
I will say this ... Boston market corn bread is awesome no one seems to get it right ! 
Arkham Asylum Psychological Evaluation -- My Result : \Black Mask\ " . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/393507/referrals/status?aid=1261689201 " 
Lord help my steps .. My thoughts to be still and know ... 
We been slaves to this love .. From the moment we touched . And keep begging for more of this Resurrection ... 
< PROPFIRST > SERRA , you still Blow my mind .. 
Big finish Dinozzo 
Goodtimes custard you rock 
All i am is the wreck/bottem is set lower/used to walking this way/beholding my chain of fear its caused/ we pay for static/lust for the mist/dye the virgin snow .. I miss the tinstar it seem so simple back then ... :p 
Shes her , the control freak , the craft left open , my itch in my spine the ribb you took .. My element of shiver n wine , the best part of you was your friendly temper .. Knifes are more tender then what you have done , now all is silent and gamble , such a wasp and sting , hope shes gets to understand ... 
When the world slips you a < PROPFIRST > , stroke the furry walls 
HAPPY THANXGIUING YOU LITTLE JERKS !! 
THIS IS WAR . TURKEY ! Better bring my stretchy Pants ... 
What can a man give in exchange for his own soul he cannot save ? 
Oh facebook , \ 
you are sucha card .. 
Love my phone 
Uhh Hart burn !! 
O Android , you make me smile ;) 
Watchin empire records wow ... Classic :) 
His names not < PROPMALE > ? 
Damn the Man ! 
Is it sad that I am rather amused by an episode of Drake & < PROPMALE > ? :p 
Watchin Man vs Food marathon .. :-) 
Hey guys , whats your fav App or one you use alot ? 
Sleep Well Tonight ... ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christ mas you little jerks !!! 
Watchin man vs Food :) 
Low energy ... :( 
Rah . Rah .. 
I wide love to turn into < PROPFIRST > Bacon .. , O :-) 
You know when your hungry when you smell someone's . Big < PROPMALE > ten feet away .. lol 
MySpace , its official you become Facebook's bitch .. 
Mmm watching . Die Hard .. 
A good snack , eggo !! 
Green . Hornet . < PROPFEMALE > nite whammy ... 
Hey everyone !! Lost all my < PROPFIRST > , so message your < PROPFIRST > or write it on my wall !! :) 
New phone , need y'alls digits ! ! 
New phone , need your < PROPFIRST > . 
Working hard or hardly workin ?? Eh ? 
New Ghost Hunters the 23rd ... Oyea suckas ! 
The birds that fell out of the sky , they were 
Crushed .. blunt . Force . trauma\ 
. In mid air . All over the world\ 
. Invasion ? ?? :p 
< PROPFEMALE > minaj on Snl !! 
You are < PROPMALE > Jesus .. 
Playing with the crew , play with our phones at the same time lol 
Dinozzo , your my hero :) 
Uber Time .. 
Few find less , they know . Its in the Blood .. ominous tone no matter what you say .. wish you came by . 
Shh , woman On a bus . :D lol 
Watching Ben-Hur .. A true Classic .. 
Caf Pow !! 
Some of the most amazing women have been the most Craziest women , Believe < PROPFEMALE > .. I'm surrounded .. :p 
< PROPFEMALE > is a Uber genius : D 
Busy Day with my < PROPFEMALE > .. now dinner . & tango .. 
I'm a little teapot , short and stout . Here is my handle . Here is my spout . 
Every door is a mental scapegoat\ 
Every wall a primal cage\ 
Every floor a brand new level\ 
Every window is built for dreams\ 
Heroes never wanted status\ 
Victims never asked for fame\ 
Reason never needed answers\ 
Statues never wanted change 
How am I supposed to love you ? \ 
Why am I too young to die ? \ 
How does fever burn inside you ? \ 
Must I have a will to fight ? \ 
Do these questions have an answer ? \ 
Wheres the truth and what's the cause ? \ 
All my problems form a puzzle\ 
All my pieces have been lost 
Out among the free-range sheep\ 
While the big birds sharpen their claws . \ 
For a time we stuck with the shepherd\ 
But you wouldn't play < PROPFEMALE > Claus . \ 
Once we could follow , \ 
Now we cannot . \ 
You would not fit our image , \ 
So we lost the plot . 
Sigh . \ 
Let's be blunt . \ 
I'm a little distracted . \ 
What do you want ? \ 
Headaches and bad faith\ 
Are all that I've got . \ 
First I misplaced the ending\ 
Then I lost the plot . 
Ghosthunters on 2nite .. Yay !! 
I don't need CNN , i have my family . .. we are all doomed !!! 
Word kan Fill The rotten rust off your Ski , n off . Burnside's ... 
Watching Bio Dome\ 
. Wow classic ! 
Watching < PROPMALE > Horror , wow its been awhile .. Magenta always ROCKIN ! 
Playing . A roleplaying board game . Wow geting geting nerdy up in here ! 
2 Corinthians 12:9 ()\ 
9 But he said to me , My grace is sufficient for you , for my power is made perfect in weakness . Therefore I will boast all the more gladly of my weaknesses , so that the power of Christ may rest upon me . #Bible http://j.mp/f2BQkJ 
Ah Dr , Barber is Awesome .. 
Mmm yes exquisite .. 
Shout out To miss < PROPFEMALE > , Much Luv to ya huugggss ! 
Watching . The < PROPMALE > & the showgirl .. wow < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > .. Fabulous ! 
My mom made me peanut butter cookies , & they will be all gone by six ... < PROPFEMALE > Amazing !! 
Watching . Eerie Indiana !! Wow Remember That ? The town of Weird .. 
\TECHNOLOGY EATS ITS YOUNG \".." 
Okay guys I'm eating first bigmac in a year .. :p 
Happy Easter You little Jerks ! !! 
Ok .. Ive watched the entire 3rd rock from the sun series ... Wow that was such an awesome show !! Thanks Netflix :-p 
Its possible to Die from a tooth infection , King tut died that way , and i may Be too .. this sux !!! I'm hurting !! 
Pray 4 me .. 
He he , bag of ice ?? Haha 
Lol , its a \Blue Monday \".." 
False Butt monkey's ... world won't end , < PROPFEMALE > rock on ! !! 
I like my beats fast n my bass down low .. Thanks Dev for this song in my head !! 
Thanx to everyone who Sent Birthday wishes ... Thanx y'all! !!!!!! 
Forget me\ 
I'm tired of waiting\ 
Still underrated\ 
But I'm finally awake\ 
Let us remember\ 
Life's such a beautiful mistake\ 
It's precious and fragile\ 
Sometimes more than we can take It's stronger than fire\ 
Created in all the walls we reach\ 
Letting go of fault and blame \ 
' Cause I don't want to be perfect anymore 
X MEN 2NITE !! 
Wow Thornton , Ewww .. gah it sux here . . 
Danger up ahead\ 
Just ignore the warning signs instead\ 
Toughen up and break the rules that hold you down\ 
Smash the glass , shoot straight\ 
Don't look back , we wear the mask of fate\ 
Just live your life loud and proud\ 
Don't back down\ 
Live your life , take a risk\ 
In the end , start again\ 
Have yourself some fun\ 
Turn the safety off the gun\ 
Get off your ass\ 
Today starts now !! 
I'm in the vid for a bit ... 
Check out the new SORP FILM !!!! I Made a appearance in the video . . Thanx . < PROPMALE > !!! 
Ok Raisinets , you better . Be good for me cuz I'm Eatin your entire bag !!! 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > , you are tasty !! 
My DJ Name ? Is . SJ MONKEYTANK !!!!! 
I promise you love the hardest way\ 
.... 
I hope i find what i seek and a life that i am Blessed . With . . 
Its Official , i am addicted to < PROPFIRST > Simmons family Jewels !!! Thanx netflix\ !! :p " 
Relaxin with my Dog and sum Dinner watching Jurassic Park . Classic ... 
Vicious men with vile ways \ 
So envious in all their days\ 
What will it take to demonstrate\ 
Celebrity breeds infamy\ 
Deliver me\ 
Liberate us from envy\ 
Reconcile every heart and destroy my pride\ 
You come at me with villainy\ 
In every sense it’s irony\ 
Because the very act of jealousy\ 
Has sealed yourself to slavery\ 
Fame is infamy 
Who do I belong To ? \ 
Not Earth\ 
Not world\ 
Not Evil\ 
Not mortals\ 
Not wretches\ 
Not horrors\ 
Who do I belong to ? \ 
Unchanging\ 
Unbreaking \ 
Unfailing\ 
Creator\ 
Immortal\ 
Eternal 
Alone in ourselves there nothing but chaos , fear\ 
end it here\ 
‘til we concede to drink from the endless\ 
The desert we find ourselves in is hopeless\ 
‘til we submit and let go the control\ 
we will always be alone ... \ 
No longer seeming so , shattered , broke and all alone 
I Am Villan . Sick/ Kill off the children , Head so on the platter , you kiss wills a pistol set off to me neck .. See me Dead as life .... 
ok .. feel off now .. 
Green Lantern Tonight !!! 
I keep hearing Zombie apocalypse , what if there's an Ape uprising . Or an alien invasion .. hmm ? Something to ponder : p 
DID SUM HANGIN 
With zach and Miss < PROPFEMALE > ! Fun ass nite .. 
Dad Were ever You are , YOU SUCK !!!!! HAHA ! 
Ok I'm sad now . ... 
Dunn , love u you man .. 
Lol Send me your skin !! 
I'm the map I'm the map I'm the map ! !! 
I feel like a child when . I look at the stars , its comforting in some way ... 
I always seem to Have a awesome summer when there's a Transformers . Movie coming out . : D 
< PROPMALE > Taco , you are awesome ! !!! 
Long Hot Ass Day ! But Worth it !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Kicked Ass today !! 
Hugs < PROPFEMALE > !! 
OMG crazy cops ! 
Ulser , ok . maybe . 
Frosted mini Wheats Snackage .. 
Why is ICP in the Eencyclopedia of heavy Metal ? ? WTF !!!!! 
Happy 4th of july you little Jerks !! \ " , 2011-07-05 05:02:49 " 
I try not to bitch , so i won't ... 
I wish i was a Closet Geek But nope .. everyone ends up finding out :/ & not like i hide it Though , Crap Balls .. 
Ok just Clean my place & washed clothes gahh , I'm < PROPFEMALE > party down ... P.s. Stefon is Awesome heard the hottest . new york club is SPICCEEYY !!! 
I Smell LikeA Pine < PROPFIRST > .. 
The anus . Is the the eyes of the butt .. 
Gummy bears you are the Cats meow\ 
. 
< PROPFIRST>'s . Jr , you rock\ 
.. watching Jurassic park :D Classic :) :) 
Watching police Academy 3 A good nite :) 
Your never lived until you had pizza rolls and iced tea wile you shower ... :) 
I feel rockin when < PROPFIRST > Halen is in my Shuffle ... Runnin witb the devil ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , The Chariot 7/27 for all who want to knw 
Nail myself , one day it will End . 
FAith no more Has to be . One of the Best bands Ever !! And alota bands . Wouldn't be here if it weren't . Foe r them ! plus .. / Alota bands fall short of what they hav done .. 
P . S i miss spell cuz . My keyboard sux . That is all 
Update .... \ 
Ok Moving , All by myself cleaning my previous place shampooin carpet , pack all my thing in two days ,.. on the up side i had a hearse move my stuff .. Thanx Zac , you made it alot easier & < PROPMALE > taco as a late dinner was Rocktasic .. Ha ha Suck it U-Haul !!! 
Ok !!! I Am Moved Now to get settled .. P.S Commander Is Fat , That Is All :p 
Cross my paw , with tuna .. 
Im pretty sure ADD gets worse as i get older .. wow .. 27 seems bleek .. :p 
I WON .. 
Love The new In Flames !! His vocals get better & better .... 
Today i win the Ass Award .. Winning ??? 
How cud pple not be blown away by carls jr's hand breaded chicken sandwich ? Its awesome !! :) 
I wud like to do a season of a show based on me finding a perfect sandwich ... Called . < PROPFIRST > sandwich Quest !! 
Metal & Food Wud be my theme . 
& film . : p 
Annndd today's words are ???? < PROPFEMALE > , umm help me out here .. 
Boy , im a Scum Bag ... 
To see wide open\ 
With a head that's broken\ 
< PROPFEMALE > a life on a tragedy\ 
Plow me under the ground\ 
That covers the message\ 
That is the seed 
Will I wake up\ 
Is it a dream I made up\ 
No I guess it's reality\ 
What will change us\ 
Or will we mess up\ 
Our only < PROPMALE > to connect\ 
With a dream\ 
Say a prayer for me\ 
I'm buried by the sound\ 
In a world of human\ 
Wreckage\ 
I'm lost and I'm found\ 
And I can't touch the\ 
Ground\ 
I'm plowed into the sound 
As much as i think there's . Not much going in CO , im blessed to Call it home .. 
Ok having issues with being . Lactose has struck again . & struck hard .. Damn it .. 
My hurt inside is fading\ 
this shit's gone way too far\ 
all this time i've been waiting\ 
oh i can not grieve anymore\ 
for what's inside awaking\ 
im done , im not a whore\ 
you've taken everything and i can not give anymore 
I'm never gonna be refined\ 
Keep trying but I won't assimilate\ 
Should we have come far in time\ 
Watch the bow break\ 
\ 
And I'm sorry that I don't believe\ 
By the evidence that I see\ 
That there's any hope left for me\ 
It's evolution\ 
Just evolution\ 
And I I do not dare deny\ 
The basic beast inside\ 
It's right here it's controlling my mind\ 
And why do I deserve to die\ 
I'm dominated by\ 
This animal that's locked up inside 
I want the life you think , i have :p 
Figured it out ! whoo Hooo I Da Man :p 
Numb , i'm broken\ 
Here i stand alone . \ 
Wondering the words , \ 
The last words i said to you\ 
It won't be long\ 
We'll meet again ... \ 
What would i give , to behold\ 
The smile , the face of love ? \ 
You never left me \ 
The rising sun\ 
Will always speak your name 
It ain't what you were , it's what you have become 
