woah ! awesome weekend :) definitely very doot . actually doot makes no sense in that context but whatever . 

I haven't been in Marquette for all year ! I'm stuck in Negaunee :P just kidding my Negaunee people . :) 
Hanging out with my bff < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! :) arrrrgh . 
I Finally have Facebook !!!!! :D I wont be able to go on much though :/ 
Finally all packed for canoe trip :D 
At Briannes house waiting to go 
loves his new puppy , < PROPFEMALE > 
Finished cleaning and now has boundless time on Facebook :D 
Downloaded alot of < PROPFEMALE > Spears !!! :D 
Is back from a really fun violin lesson . < PROPFIRST > is amazing !! 
Is really hot and busy working :P < PROPFEMALE>'s coming over and I will have to play my violin . i'm scared !! 
is in the zone ! 
Just rented 3 Scary movies ! Woo Hoo im in for a freaky night 
Couldnt hit the spot and is extrememly frustrated ! dont take that the dirty way . 
ordering a pizza !!!! 
wow , big get together and i havent been on facebook in the longest time 
omg ! facebook works at my house !!!! haha ive fooled you dad ! :D hahahahahaha ! 
Is sad that for children who have potheads for parents . 
Why are nice talented people mean to each other ?? Envy's such a horrible thing . 
Why can't I live my life without all of the things that people say ? 
Tried to go to sleep but was busy looking at Abercrombie & Fitch's new line . And it is absolutely woah !!!! 
Wondering what mom bought for me while she was in < PROPFIRST > . She better have hit the Armani Exchange . 
Doot . I do not want a haircut :( actually doot makes so sense in that context lol 
about to enjoy a three hour long rehersal . Woo . Hoo . 
Come join the party ... Its a celebration !!!! :D 
My my what shall i do today ? I have it all to myself :D 
DOOOOOOOT :D im sad i couldnt come up with something more witty and creative :/ 
< PROPMALE>'s singing opera in the shower . Nothing unusual in this house :D hahaha 
Why doesn't ANYONE like < PROPFEMALE > ? 
You only see what your eyes want to see . How can life be what you want it to be ? You're frozen , when you're heart's not open . 
Dinosaurs say RAWR :) 
WHAT A WEEKEND !!!! :D WOW ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Spears is my lover ........ hahaha jk 
Can't decide on a classy day outfit :/ i dont have many things that aren't plastered with a logo . Help !!!! 
very long power outtage . rawr 
I CLEANED MY ARMANI EXCHANGE HAT WHILE SINGING BIBBITY BOBBITY BOO !!!!!! 
Feels horrible , no cold wet rainy football game for me :/ nobodies going anyways to see the Redmen lose . 
i got a new foneee !!! :D its purty 
I'm soooo excited for SNL and Lady GaGa !!! 
aggghhh . rather disappointing performance by lady gaga tonight . that stupid piano solo she sang about poker face and that weird gyroscope around her body !!! she could barely play piano ! 
Revolutionary Road is such a sad sad movie , that made me see the sad sad reality of life . The only way to get around it , DONT HAVE CHILDREN . 
ITS A WONDERFUL DAY FOR PIIIIIIIE ! :D 
I feel that everybody is backstabbing , cheating , lieing , slandering , fighting , and avenging . Except me . :( 
Engarde !!!!!!!!! 
Unconciously or consciously , unwillingly or willingly , we are all slaves to something or another . That's what you get when you ponder sexy trash :P 
you think that you are strong , but you are weak , you'll see it takes more strength to cry , admit defeat , you'll see I have truth on my sad , you only have deceit , you'll see somehow ..... someday ..... 
Strike a pose !!!!!!!! 
i rode my bike for a mile down the highway in 20 degrees . all to get my fone . this is a definitely a sign of addiction :P 
in minnesota now :) going shopping tomorrow !!!!! 
I just love getting awesome deals on anf :) pretty awesome weekend so far and no school tomorrow for me !!!! 
Words cannot express my deep disappointment in the American Government now . Im going to be living in the street cuz my mom wont be able to make money as a doctor ! :( 
I got class like a ' 57 Cadillac :) although i dont think quoting rihanna is exactly very classy :P 
I tell them what i like , what i want , and what i dont . But everytime i do , i stand corrected , things that ive been told i cant believe what i hear about the world , i realize im over protected . 
This is what ive been reduced to . I havent been on facebook in weeks , and now im using a net book at the verizon store . i feel like i fell of the earth and just climbed on again . 
Hey my Minneapolis friends ! I'll be in town Saturday night , what should we do !? 
When people defend Mrs. Murphy , i get really angry >:O 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! :) and musocal people sorry i skipped the 3 hour rehersal in lieu of red lobster and movies :P 
Denmark , you shouldve never existed . I refuse to eat your food or raise your flag . Finland will destroy you . 
So amazingly busy day ! I found out I got a 30 on my act :D and then I was actually brave enough to buy an issue of gq today ( even though it had < PROPFIRST > lautner on the cover lol ) then toy story 3 which was epic ! So all in all a great start to freeweekend ! 
So yesterday I was in Bemidji and I saw a gangsterish looking guy wearing no shirt walking into dollar tree , but he put a shirt on right before he walked in the door . 2 minutes later , he comes out carrying a bunch of balloons XD it made my day ! 
I'm no longer in my wonderful bubble of Salolampi . Hello real world , I'll try to escape you as often as I can . 
Come therefore , and let us fling mud at them ! :) 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > aguilera , you know , in the 90s you were really really cute . Now your new album portrays you as a sex bomb . Why cant you be cute again ? 
Watching < PROPFIRST > . I pity all of you operaphobes out there . Its really quite wonderful ! :) 
Oh my gosh i thought i gave up my Sims 3 addiction , but i guess i was wrong haha :) 
You know , sometimes its better when you DONT understand the words to a song , it makes the song whatever you want it to mean . Case and point : finnish aikakone :D 
My fingertips are purple , my left shoulder is purple , and the left side of my jaw is purple . This is the LAST time im practicing violin for four straight hours 
Self destructive is as self destructive does :) so very true for the vast majority of celebrities . 
I really want to be European or East Asian , even being a New Yorker would be nice , but a Yooper ? Bleh :/ 
Wanted . Unicorns for modeling , will pay 10 dollars an hour . 
Hmmmm , how do i go about convincing my redneck dad to drive me to chicago to see an opera ? O_o 
Those who insult me are not hurting me , but rather , they are hurting themselves . 
I'm going senile , I don't remember the chemistry rules ....... :( 
So i was utterly convinced < PROPMALE > had put salsa in our spagetti in lieu of sauce , so i wouldnt eat until he told me he was just kidding . I have gullibility issues 
A battle 4 years in the making has been won by me !! Facebook is now FINALLY unblocked at my house ! :) I guess my dad feels bad because I now have such a miserable life . 
3 hours and 15 pages later , I finally finished my APUSH assignment . If this is the standard fare , I swear , I will become a zombie . 
Falling down the stairs is ever so much fun ; especially when you're being dragged down the steps by 50 pounds of homework to the studying dungeon ( formerly my room ) below . 
Why am I emotionally attached to my cell phone ? I'll find it anyways next week , but I feel so horrible ! Grrrr :P 
I don’t think books have ever actually been burned not out of ignorance , by those who have actually read them . Neither do I believe that people have been victims of racial and ethnic crimes by those who respect and accept their cultures and beliefs , who celebrate their similarities as well as their differences . 
My violin concerto competition video = SUCCESS !!!!!!! :D 
Kun menee saunaan , ( poof ) , < PROPFEMALE > uimaan , ( whoosh ) , MUISTA NIMILAPPU . I can't say I miss Iida , but I sure miss the good old days . :/ 
You know , I'm really getting excited about this whole Germany thing :D 
So in spanish 3 today , senor reilly was asking me if I was writing romantic sonnets to my love during english , and of course I had to say \No tengo amor\ " and ... I felt kind of sad :( " 
So my mom told me I should be embarassed on how much money I spend on clothing . What Puritan nonsense is this ? 
Work hard and never get to live in a castle OR marry a < PROPFEMALE > and have servants in a huge castle . ( Sigh ) If only I was friendly with those European < PROPMALE > Families . 
Lady at Supermarket : \That girl is singing a song about chickens ! \ " \ 
So because my mom went to Minneapolis without me , I demanded tribute from the Mall of < PROPFEMALE > and she complied . :D I love having a guilty mom . 
I love how I can get a 98% on an APUSH test that most people did poorly on , yet spill acetic acid all over myself in AP chemistry by trying to dump the whole bottle into the well plate . Ah , the virtues of being blonde . 
More then ever I now realize , there are just some things in life that you can't possibly study for . Like being interrogated by your Spanish teacher in < PROPMALE > . Totally unexpected . 
Four hour long nap plus a lost AP chemistry book . I feel very worried . 
A genuine Aikakone CD straight from Finland is mine !!!!! :D Happy Finnish music :) 
So someone told me that metal music and classical music have a lot in common . ha . ha . I don't believe it for a second . 
So apparently facebook thinks I have anorexia . Why else would a male anorexia rehabilitation center ad be on my wall ? Apparently they've never seen me eat :D ha ! 
My cord of sanity , which is usually so tightly wound , is unravelling . I realized this after having a shouting match ... with my homework . 
Random Person : \A volcano has erupted ! AHH ! What do we do ? \ " \ 
Listening to some lovely < PROPFIRST > Elgar and Edvard Grieg :) Elgar's Serenade for Strings brings back lots of memories ... 
So , when I got home today , I sat down with some Early Gray tea and watched a movie in lieu of doing homework ... because my horoscope told me to . 
Classical music can make anything elegant , even Pre-Calculus homework ! Soon after listening to some of Chopin's piano concerti , I found myself poising my pen in a dignified manner after completing quadratic equations with a distinct flourish . That is , until I realized how ridiculous I probably looked . 
is reconsidering the giant Lady Gaga poster that's currently staring at him . 
I try and escape from it , but APUSH still stalks my dreams . I see maps , graphs , dates , and historical figures flash by in my subconscious . Then , during the day , APUSH hounds me down if I try to avoid it . Dreaded APUSH , I abhor thee . 
Has a huge crush on < PROPFEMALE > Watson/Hermione Granger . Why can't girls like her actually exist here in the U.P ? 
School spirit is mob mentality ; unless you go to a private school or Hogwarts . 
Remember the ever cheerful , always positive < PROPMALE > ? I think he died quite some time ago . :( 
wants to know the results of the Young Artist Concerto Competition ... NOW !!!! D: 
Subscribing to \The New Yorker\ " has made me reach new levels of infinite classiness . " 
Thinks people say \Straight Up\ " too much . What does that even mean anyways ? " 
was the only one who understood the naughty 17th century British poetry in AP Language today . He felt so awkward for being the only one who was giggling . 
wishes he lived in a more tolerant world , even though it may appear otherwise . 
I fixed my crabby/evil eye giving mood by swinging on the swings . It made me feel like a child again :) 
I used to save all the college letters I got ; I was ever so excited when they first started arriving . Now I just rip up the unacceptable ones with vicious pleasure . \HAH ! I'm not going to your school ! \"" 
Just realized that without Disney , I wouldn't be a violinist today . I wouldn't be a lot of things if Disney wasn't such a big part of my childhood . 
Feels like he's under a microscope , being observed by unseen faces intent on picking his life apart . 
Que es el symbolo para potasium ? K ? Que ? K ? Que ? K !!! Que ? Oh ! < PROPFEMALE > ... Si ! Es correcta ! Espanol con Senor Reilly :) 
Käytkö täällä usein ? ;) Hehehehehe flirttailu . 
\Okay 
Letters of rejection are always harsh ... I just received one saying that I lost the Concerto Competition to Asians from downstate . But they didn't even get the name of the piece I played right ! I played MOZART not BRUCH ! So , I guess that's how much they cared about my performance :( 
Had a freakout because he didn't have any bananas . He sent his father to fetch some . 
Really , really misses playing the New World Symphony and other pieces of that caliber . 
NO HOMEWORK ! For the first time this year . What to do , what to do ? :) 
When I'm < PROPMALE > and I have a chauffeur to drive me in my limousine , I'll laugh at all the trailer trash who rode on my bus and touched my hair . Cruelty is pleasurable at times . 
Introduction and Rondo Capricioso or the Kabalevsky Violin Concerto ? I can't decide which one to play for Solo and Ensemble ! 
I should've listened to everyone when they told me that taking four AP courses was suicide . Oh well , let the torture continue until June ! 
\Me ! Books and cleverness . There are more important things in life ; friendship and loyalty\ " _ Hermione Granger " 
The only thing worse than being talked about , is not being talked about . Agree or disagree ? Philosophical question are so very thought consuming . 
The current state of my desk : Strewn with paper from the three hole punch , crowded with coffee cups and AP exam/SAT/ACT prep books and messed with old coffee stained homework assignments . Hooray for having no life ? 
It's going to be a long , long night , with only coffee to keep me company . 
Needs the All-State Orchestra results so he can stop having nightmares about Asians , crazy audition pieces and possibly not making it in the orchestra . 
I guess all of that worrying was useless because I MADE IT INTO ALL-STATE ORCHESTRA ! :D 
Is now taking < PROPFEMALE > lessons ! :D 
thinks choirs in Hollywood must get tired of singing all of that intense preview music . 
Anything's possible ! :D hehehe 
They say the sky , high above , is Caribbean Blue . 
I'm moving to Lothlorien . Would anyone care to join me ? 
\Be careful ! That's from the Dollar Tree and it's VERY FRAGILE ! \ " :) I love my little sister . " 
This beautiful day -- meant to be devoted to hot chocolate , warm fireplaces , and light reading -- has been marred by APUSH . :( 
The word \toecurling\ " has been given new meaning today . " 
Only take the time\ 
from the helter skelter\ 
every day you find\ 
everything's in kilter\ 
you don't need a reason\ 
let the day go on and on . 
Let's be Asians ! 
As a general rule , I'm always sick on snowdays :( Today is no exception . 
There's nothing like a good atonal piece to cheer me up . :D haha 
I think all of my teachers have forgotten that it's Christmas because they've assigned far too much homework . 
So , I was napping and I totally forgot that I was supposed to teach a violin lesson ! So my mom had to get me up and remind me . Fail of the day ! 
Is eager to shower his coffee-a-holic friends with Starbucks coffee dates using his many Starbucks gift cards :D 
Has his new passport and , needless to say , the passport picture of me is hideous . 
There must be more than this provincial life ! 
Got to share the most exhilarating , beautiful , and meaningful musical experience of my life with < PROPFEMALE > Banitt and < PROPFIRST > Shahbazi . Yay for All-State Orchestra ! 
Found his parents ' enormous box of classical records . Itzhak Perlman playing Bartok and Dvorak violin concerti ? I think so :) 
Silly nerves , they get in the way of everything ... 
So my brother wants to play his screamo at top volume when our rooms are right next to each other ? Fine . Then he'll have to suffer to my < PROPFEMALE > Hahn at top volume . Hehehehe . 
Tried meditating for the first time and it was like \Wooaaaahhhh\ " :) But then I went straight back to work and what not . " 
That was the least stressful , most fun Solo and Ensemble ever ! On to States ! :D 
Just had his wisdom teeth pulled and is not going to do any of his normal busying activities . Now , what do I do with myself ?? 
No one should EVER have to eat this much yogurt ... 
Thank god for pain meds . Now I feel even dizzier ... I miss solid food . 
Finished the most evil of all symphonies , Rachmaninoff 2 . Now time to practice for my solo tomorrow . GAAAAAH !!!!!!!! 
Has a date with his homework tonight that should go verrrrrrry late ! :D 
Has to give yet ANOTHER performance of Introduction & Rondo Capriccioso for the neighbors today . I'm getting just a bit tired of it , and I'm sure everyone else is too :P 
Yes , it's a fine idea to give AP students SO much homework that they have to stay up until 3 A.M. to complete it , ergo failing quizzes the following morning . I didn't know I was in for all of this . :( 
Six concerts , eleven rehearsals , High school bowl semi-finals and championships , state solo and ensemble and an insurmountable load of homework . All of these must be completed before I go to Germany in 26 days . 
Tahdon sulla olla hyvin helle ... 
First , my great uncle asked me what a tweet was , which was understandable . Then , he asked me what Facebook was , which was regrettable . Finally , he asked me what E-mail was and that was hysterical . 
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY ! :D :D 
So this is what it's like to skip school for no good reason ? I like it :) 
Goodbye Saint-Sanes , hello Mendelssohn :) 
I didn't make it into Michigan Youth Asian Festival :( Does anyone have ideas on how to be more Asian so I can make it next year ? 
Five hour afternoon naps really mess up one's Circadian rhythem . 
Two . More . Rehearsals . And . 18 . More . Hours . Until . GERMANY !!!!!! :D 
Germany is one very classy , clean , and modern place . I've decided I'm moving to Munich :) 
Seeing < PROPFIRST > tonight in Nurmeberg ! But I have many Euros to spend and I don't know what to buy ! 
Is the proud owner of a < PROPFIRST > Hilfiger cardigan ! 
Being in Europe has shown me how truly American I am . I think that's a good thing :) 
I would give anything just to hear one of those atonal Glockenspiels ringing from Bavarian cathedrals once more . :( 
For those yet unawares , I'm terrified of heavy metal music . 
I've forgotten how much fun 103 degree fevers are ! < sarcasm > 
Wow , the Mendelssohn violin concerto is way trickier than I thought it would be . 
I lost my voice ! :( 
