had a great weekend so far . :D 

I want to got to bed , but I know somewhere in this room is a huge spider and I do not want it crawling on me when I'm asleep . 
Ha ... changed my language settings to pirate for fun . :P 
is making a fresh start . :) 
I AM ... Let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior ... We need to get God back in < PROPFEMALE > ... If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status 
had a nice time with < PROPFIRST > tonight . It was nice to spend time with him . 
it's Friday ! :) I made it . :D 
\Reality can be beaten with enough imagination . \"- anonymous " 
I have 4 friends on Facebook with same B-day . < PROPFIRST > Bamford , < PROPFEMALE > Pratrick , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > Lindenthal . That is crazy . :P 
you finally know you're an adult when the insurance company sends you your very own address labels . :) 
Our ears alone have more than a million moving parts that are able to hear and enjoy music ... how in the world could someone believe there isn't any God ? 
Don't go near the water ' til you have learned how to swim . :P 
is thankful for all that has happened this year and for all the blessing God has given . I am thankful for my new job and the great bunch of kids I get to work with everyday , I am thankful for my wonderful boyfriend < PROPFIRST > whom is there for me each day and who loves me , and I am thankful for the loving support of my family in everything I do . 
worked a long shift today and I am tired . The kid's where really great though . :) I enjoy my job . 
it's Wednesday , the middle of the week . Wednesdays are nice because after today it's two days to the weekend and I know if I could get through Monday and Tuesday I can also survive Thursday and Friday , but for now Wednesday is here and I must take my sister to swim practice and then go to work . 
It's here Friday . :D 
It snowing :( I really want it to go away . I won't be able to drive to see < PROPFIRST > if it doesn't . 
is feeling a little better and really wants to be able to go back to work tomorrow . 
cannot seem to catch up on her sleep . 
hard day today and work :( ... but one little boy did insist my name was Goerge which was the highlight of my day . :) 
So , my sister says she needs the shower at 6am . So , I get up 15 minutes sooner :/ to take a shower so that she can so that . Guess who never got up ? Grr .... sisters . 
so ... guess what ?... Isaiah's crickets got loose . We caught a few . But , there are still some loose . We just can't find them . 
has the < PROPFEMALE > to spend the rest of my life being with children . Teaching , playing and caring for the little ones is something I love . There is nothing more wonderful than holding a sleeping child in your arms , or seeing them learn something new for the first time or seeing and hearing there silly antics . Children love and don't judge . They are pure hearted in that way . 
does anyone know if the confirmation of E-mail at the top of home < PROPFEMALE > is legitimate . I really don't want to be hacked . 
is going to regret staying up so late in the morning . :/ 
so < PROPFIRST>'s car is broken down and so he can't come see me tomorrow . So , I haven't seen him in a week and a half . I need prayer because this is really hard for me to deal with . I've missed him so much and now we have to wait longer to see each other . 
And answer to prayer < PROPFIRST>'s car is fixed . Although he couldn't come I will see him on Saturday for a couple hours at least . 
It's Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . Only a half day of work for me . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ... I hope everyone had a great today . 
is ready for a new year and a new beginning . 
wishes people where more dependable sometimes . 
did a lot of moving around today . It keeps the ever present boredom from setting in . I was on my toes . Very busy . 
black 
had a great time with < PROPFIRST > today . Went to the zoo . :) 
making a skirt with my mom . :) 
a word that describes me is ( 1 ) ____________ . If you really know me then you know that I love ( 2 ) _________ but I can't stand ( 3 ) _____________ . ~ Copy and paste this in your status to see what people have to say about you 
God has been teaching me so much the last few weeks . It's AMAZING that through all my problems God still loves me and wants to be a part of my life . Love like that is nothing but Awesome . 
why is life so hard .... and I know it only gets harder 
being able to tell someone everything and know whatever you say no matter what it is you are still loved and wanting to know everything about a person good and bad and love them is the greatest feeling ever . 
Ahh ... pajames and a good book . That's more like it . :) 
Where is my focus ? The question I ask myself all the time . 
feeling overly fragile . 
I loved a phone in your bathroom because Big Bird is said to and he's my leader . 
\It is well\ " by Kutless CD is really a neat CD . " 
BBQ chicken sounds so good right now .... :P 
went lap swimming today . It was nice to do that . :) 
sometimes showing weakness reveals a strength and a courage that not many posses . 
this I beleive : all people should have a hot water heater that never runs out of hot water . 
is annoyed . 
my textbook came today from a shipper through Amazon it also came with a free shaver ... a bit odd . I think so . 
my ears hurt . :( I can eat though . Miss the kids . 
is feeling a lot better . The wonder of medicine . 
have you ever gotten the giggles during church ? :P 
feels clean and happy . :) yay for being home . 
:D 
Thank you everyone for the wonderful Birthday wishes and phone calls . :) 
If it can't be fixed with a listening ear , a cough drop , a band-aid , a hug , duct tape , chocolate , chapstick , a kleenex or a kiss than I can't fix it . All I have is love and a big purse . 
Gonna go shopping in Portland with Mom today . :) 
5 different nachos .... :P I'm so ready ... It's Friday ! :D YAY ! 
everytime I look at my profile picture I laugh . :P 
<3 misses < PROPFIRST > . 
best first nonsingle < PROPFIRST>'s day ever . < PROPFIRST > game me roses :D I love him so much . 
life is hard . It's time to grow up , listen , make wise decisoins , and take on my responsiblities , show my appreciation for what I have . I need to stop acting like a child and take some action . I can't just get what I want by sitting hear . So , here I go . God's help and time will get me there . 
is moving along , getting it done , being positive and smiling . :) 
haha ... I love Friday . :D I got the bathroom clean , my laundry done , I sat and watched a little TV , did some homework and I get to go to bed early . YES ... perfect 
one of the most stressful days of my life . I learned a lot thought . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > where great . I just realized a lot about me and how < PROPFIRST > and I work together and how I choose to let things bother me when it comes to what people say and how I over anaylize . < PROPFIRST > is so great . He means the world to me . 
I'm looking forward to church 
feels better , is a lot happier , and is getting stronger every day . I praise God for his love and help . 
feels loved . 
misses < PROPFIRST > a whole lot . 
my computer has something wrong with is . Thought it was a virus . I'm not sure . Dad isn't either at this current time . I did go to the beach today with my family . It was fun . I hiked a trail in bare feet , very muddy . Mud between my toes . It was fun day . Messy though . 
is happy . 
I thought I thought a thought but the thought I thought I thought wasn't the thougth I thought I thought . 
is all alone . :( I wish I could have gone with my parent's and < PROPMALE > to see the girls .... foo school ... foo work .... :( 
learned so much at Dare to Share . And got to see some amazing things . 
jesus you have me forever , all of me surrenders , I am absolutly in love with you . 
for a long time I was so worried about what people thought of me ... not the way I looked so much , but if I pleased them . In the last couple weeks God has been helping me change the attitude of pleasing people around me to pleasing Him . I'm so glad , that the trials that I had to go through to get thinking this way have come to be . I'm a lot happier of a person now . 
Laundry day .... Clean clothes yay ! :D 
I'm so excited I get to see < PROPFEMALE > in a couple of weeks . 
Sleepy ... so sleepy 
Tylonal does wonders for body aches . I felt terrible all morning until I got some . 
I'm so glad to be home . I love my job , I really really do . I just don't want to be flexible sometimes or can't be . 
I would like to find some more work . If anyone has any babysitting I would love to do it . 
Found out that I have a neat love for < PROPFEMALE > Day and < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 50's music :D 
my shoes are here . 
life is hard and to much of it is about money .... :/ 
bought socks .... yes , yes , so exciting . :P 
is really happy to be home . 
long long day .... crazy ... a lot of kids . 
looking for a sort of \youth group\ " like thing for college age students in the area . If anyone knows of something please let me know . " 
is folding a mountain of laundry and singing my music . :) Yup , life is good . 
is home , got the kids from school . I wish the weather would clear up a little . 
visiting with < PROPFEMALE > wonderful talking , lots of laughing . :) Good Friday service at church was really neat . 
I love you , < PROPFIRST > . I miss you . 
Happy Easter . May God be praised . 
< PROPFEMALE > looks just beautiful ... she got a dress . She has refused to put on a dress since she was three . Now she is almost twelve and even though she is still a < PROPMALE > boy has decided dresses aren't so bad . :) She's real pretty . 
please pray for my grandpa Geno . He was taken to the hostpital just a few minutes ago . He's had a few small siesures , and hasn't been eating , he's been falling asleep very quickly and is very unstable walking . He doesn't seem to know what he is saying either . We are all very worried . 
is emotionaly exhausted . I hope I can pull it together before work tomorrow . 
I came to see grandpa in the hospital he is doing better ... all he wanted was a sandwhich from subway . We still don't know all ht e details . They cleaned the infection on his toe and he is on antibioticts but , that is all we know for now . 
Don't you hate in when you think you can go and do what you need to do and than someone tells you that they changed there mind and than keeps you longer . And that your phone is riniging and ringing and you can't answer to let anyone know that you will be late ...... grrr .... life . It happens I guess . I want to be as helpful as I can and I want to do it with a servants heart . I want God to be praised in my actions . 
Megan : Reeses Pieces butter cup sing with us we'll cheer you up , bang bang choo choo train come on < PROPFEMALE > do you thing . < PROPFEMALE > : But I can't Megan : Why not ? < PROPFEMALE > : Because I can't Megan : Why not ? < PROPFEMALE > : Because I'm eating ham . :P 
:( I really need to get my butt moving with life . I'm getting in trouble at work because I don't have what I need done so I can work with the kids by myself , I am trying to apply for a new college , and my life has suddenly become way more complicated than is was before . 
okay , so today I called all the places I knew that are doing certification for CPR/First aid cards , I went to work and had a good time and found out that one little boy knows all his colors and shapes ( in spanish too ) and a little girl can count to six , I looked into some college information , made a good dinner ( yes I did it ) , today was a good day for me . Now if only I could get a call back . I really need that card ! 
has this massive bruse on my hip from falling on it . :/ It's not as bad as it was though and I'm not limping anymore . YAY ! It's friday too ! :D 
It's saturday and it's not raining :D So happy 
cooked dinner and it was yummy . :) 
is saving money . 
work , class , meeting , making phone call , house hold chores , homeowork , sleep a little , say hi to mom and < PROPFEMALE > , sleep some more ... go back to work . I'm a busy < PROPFEMALE > , but a happy one . I get to be with little ones and do some constructive , organized work . It's hard sometimes , but I love the life God has given me for now and will love whatever He brings next . God has made each day , it's to be celebrated . 
is busy and happy . It's nice to be able to sit on the couch for a few minutes . 
bought a summer dress . :) 
Is enjoying the summerish weather ... 
ugg ... I hate it when my jeans just get out of the wash and they are tight . Now I have to wear them for the rest of the evening so that I can wear them out tomorrow . Why oh does cotton have to shrink .... :/ 
I'm in love with the best friend I've ever had . 
goodbye little car I will miss you :'( 
I don't like being late ... ever ! I won't be late unless something bad has happened . 
so guess who did something stupid ... again . 
learning to < PROPFEMALE > on God and trust Him with all aspects of my life again . 
tomorrow is pay day ! :D 
\he's so cheezy he pees cheeze wiz \"- anonymous AHAHAHAHA :D " 
check out my videos . This is what happens when CRAZY happens . 
had a wonderful day with her boyfriend yesterday . :) A lot of laughter 
do you ever feel like a mutant ... like a half adult , kid , teen thing .... garrr ... blah ... what am I ? 
is so so so busy all the time . I think I need the weekend to come . Does anyone know and CPR/Firstaid classes going on ? maybe on a Saturday ? I can't seem to get ahold of anyone . I even called for a news paper ad and I couldn't get them to answer either . 
Send me your favorite recipies .... I am collecting recipies for my hope chest . E-mail them to me at laura@bamfordweb.net . Thanks :D 
I got a CPR/First Aid class ! Finally . :D , I cleaned my room , I excersized , I made a list of daycares to call and apply for so I have a place to work in the fall , I filled out part of my college application for SBC , and I looked at cars on craigs lists . I'm very proud of myself , now I'm going to be lazy and go watch TV . Oh yes ! Life is good . 
It's Tuesday morning . I've got to remember that even though Tuesdays are not my favorite that God has made today and that I should rejoice and be thankful . So , I will say Happy Tuesday ! 
oh man , If I'm getting this flew I'm so blaiming the teacher I work with . :/ :P 
has a wonderful man for a boyfriend . :) 
is happy it's the weekend . I'm very worn out . 
this morning I tryed to say Happy Mother's Day to my mom ... this is what happened ... Me : Mom ! ( yelling up the stairs ) Isaiah : She's busy unclogging the toilet !!! Me : Oh , well tell her Happy Mother's Day ... My poor Mom . 
I'm thinking that this week cannot go by fast enough . 
Thursday is my Friday ... I'm so happy they approved Friday off for me . I have a bunch of stuff I need to do that day and then in the evening I get to go visit < PROPFIRST > . YAY !!! 
:D :D :D It's a good day ! :D 
I locked myself out of my car payed $40 for a lock smith , car's alarm goes off twice during work , hair was pulled and eye clawed , the cat poops on the carpet , two hours cleaning a toy so the kids can play with it again at work , got giant blisters on my feet from my sandals and the washing machine is broken . I'm tired and glad this day is over and looking forward to a better day tomorrow . 
Good news : Grandpa Geno is feeling a bit better he is talking clearly now and is not just wanting to go home to heaven . He is looking forward to going back to a new rehab center and getting healthy . 
loves < PROPFIRST > Pollard very very much . More than words can say . 
I know that this matters very little to many of you , but I really need to find a chuch group with other Christians my own age so so badly . If anyone knows of anything that would be so great . 
So , Mom and Dad went to see grandpa in the hostpital . He was swearing at the nurses because they took his Coke . He said he would put an ice pick in there head . My Dad told him that any nurse could beat him up without problem . And he said that may be true , but we could identify he by the ice pick in her head . Oh grandpa .... the drugs they give him make him a nut . 
I miss < PROPFIRST > a lot this morning . 
trusting God in everything is so hard sometimes . I love Him more than anyone or anything and want to follow His ways . 
is looking forward to Friday and going to family reunion . It will be nice to see that part of the family and get to spend some time with < PROPFIRST > ( my boyfriend ) who is also coming a long . 
feeling so much better than I did when I woak up this morning . 
is still really tired , but ready for work and misses the kid's . 
needs to gain confidence .... I wish there was a boot camp for that . 
my arm pit hurts .... :( 
I don't wanna work tomorrow .... and at the same time I do . :/ 
:) Smile Smile Smile 
I think I've gone crazy , totally bonkers , mad .... good thing it's the weekend . 
I'm on a roll today . :) 
is ready for Monday . :D 
I miss working with the lead teacher I worked with and I miss my kids , but I love all the other little ones I got to see today . 
my last family vacation ripped from my hands . D: 
:( 
I love my job ... I think ... maybe ... okay I do ... I think ... 
Bought a car ! :D 
it's so weird to be home this early . 
SO SO HAPPY !!! They gave me time off at work so that I could go with my family camping . :D 
calling daycares for a job in Salem in the fall . 
has so much to learn . 
I'm really enjoying reading through Psalms and < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFIRST > . I haven't read the gospels all the way through in a while . I'm learning a lot . 
misses < PROPFIRST > a whole lot today . 
I have so much to do in so little time . School , financial aid , < PROPFEMALE > shopping for bride's made dresses with her , getting a job , camping , back packing , VBS , Sunday school teaching .... etc . I'm crazy ! :D 
How am I gonna get the money I need for school ? I'm so scared I won't be able to go because of lack of funds . I might need to take out a small loan ... I don't even know how to do that . :/ 
may try to start school spring quarter rather than fall so that I have more time to earn some more money and get my financial aid figured out . 
is now engaged to the love of my life and best friend , < PROPFIRST > Pollard . :) 
I love you < PROPFIRST > 
of to work I go ... what happened to the < PROPFEMALE > weather ? 
went shopping with Mama for camping groceries and some other stuff I found these really pretty blue bowls for $1.48 a piece ... I bought 4 ... Perfect for my hope chest . :) And I got new shampoo and conditioner for a really good price ... savings of $6 dollars which I spent on the bowls . :D 
okay , camping gear unpacked , financial aid form filled out , immunizations form filled out , application for dorm room filled out ... now to look at wedding stuff . :D 
okay ... so I'm looking at dresses , and colors , and cake designs ... it's quite fun ... I wish the printer would work ! 
I'm on a recipe search ... please send recipes ... any kind . I am trying to get a few in a box for my hope chest . 
Okay ... to church ... teach Sunday school , go see David .... off to a great day . :) 
I finally sat down and read the book I got when I graduated High school by Dr. < PROPFIRST > Dobson ... the church gave it to me . I'm glad I read it . I now bought this other book , \love must be tough\ " that he wrote as well . It's good so far . " 
I'm just s bit overwhelmed ... I don't know what I want or what I need in someways ... I think it's time I read that book I was given ... 
hear comes the sun .. do do do doo ... it's all right :D 
I'm actually beginning to enjoy wedding plans ... thank-you to my maid of honor for getting me excited . :) 
my mom , \I'm a freaking taco\ " ( sing songy voice ) ... while looking as pictures with megan .... HAHA XD made my night " 
To those of you who do not know ... we have set the wedding date for June 25 , 2011 ! 
Wow , I love my life . I like being semi busy . :) 
Finding a photographer with everything I want for a good price is proving to harder than anything no body that I've talked to prints the pictures themselves included in the price package . 
so I was up all night throwing up and having chills . I shivered so much that my legs hurt of all the muscles contracting constantly . My head feels swollen , worst headache ever . I feel bad because I hate missing work . I hope I feel better tomorrow so that I can go back to work . 
:) I took a nap , watched father of the bride and just tried on my size 6 levis ... they are still a little snug , but I'm close to getting back in them again . :D All I want is for food to look good again ... being sick sucks . 
going to look and try on a few wedding dresses with Mama tomorrow . :) Nervous and excited at the same time . 
Wait a minute ... I meant Sunday ... oops . I knew I did something wrong . 
tried on dresses , I tried on one I really like . I am going back in a couple months with everyone to try on a few more and try on the one I liked so much again . 
the hardest thing I've ever had to do . 
I've been learning how to < PROPFEMALE > on God more the last few weeks and am learning that no matter what happens He is there . 
keep on swimming ... keep on swimming ... what to we do ? We swim swim swim 
There are more than 179 ways to say \I love you\ " ... that is amazing . " 
It's only been a week ... am I supposed to feel like this ? I miss < PROPFIRST > so much ... the weekend can't come any faster . 
Ha ha ha ... today's the day ... i get to see < PROPFIRST > tonight . I'm so happy :D 
needs to develop a thicker skin . 
good morning ... I have a country song stuck in my head . I woke up this morning the someone playing it on the other side of my wall next to me head . I really want a new song stuck in my head . 
I'm up late ... I'm up late ... why ? I don't know ... I just can't sleep . Weird . I was so tired at work today ... how in the world . 
I'm grumpy ... 
I'm happy ... 
I got a cookie and a left over subway sandwich and something to read ... yup I'm gonna have a good lunch break today . :) 
oh cell phone where have I put you . 
my cell phone was in my car under a seat ... I'm so glad . 
I had a great weekend . And I'm ready to go to work tomorrow . :) 
It's Wednesday , laundry , work and wedding plans ... :) 
Aww Thursday , work , FAFSA filling out and verse memory . :) 
FAFSA done ... however ... guess who will probably be taking out a loan .... ME ... because the government seems to think that my parents can afford to pay for my schooling ! The whole thing is frustrating ... I wish I could go to school and work and pay as I went without interest . Grr , me not happy . 
i had a dream my toe came to life and was talking to me ... I'm freaked out . 
How do I begin to organize this mess to formulate some idea for a wedding ..... 
crazy 8P 
I'm sad tonight , and a little lonely ... but it's okay , the day will be new tomorrow . 
I'm ready to find my laundry pile and go fold . 
wedding music ... help me , help me ... any suggestions . Any good songs you can think off ... I'm kinda browsing ... I have one picked out that we want so far . 
ready for Friday ... so so ready . 
I speak cute people fluently ... 
okay , I'm so determined no to get sick . Everyone around me keeps getting sick ! 
weekend of weekend oh how I need you ... you will not believe how many goofy things I did at work because of the long week I had . 
I cannot braid my own hair ... grr ... who's gonna help me when I live somewhere else . 
had a great time hanging with < PROPFIRST > and helping with Awana's tonight ... now it is sit and eat left over tacos time ! :) 
I moved my furniture in my room , cleaned , did dishes , wrote out Romans 6 on to note cars , did my laundry and am going to go take a shower in a little bit . I feel accomplished . Oh and I didn't loose 91 dollars after all ! :D 
Okay , I mopped , now I'm determined to finish this laundry tonight and do some dishes . Then I'm taking a break and watching a movie on the couch ! I love Friday nights ... I don't have to go to work tomorrow ! I get to go regisiter for wedding gifts . :D 
I'm on the job hunt again ... I'm trying to find a job in the Salem area ... most likely in childcare . So that I'll have work in January . 
soar throat please go away . 
I'm really not normal ... really ... emotional wreck 
all better now for the most part . Doing all this wedding stuff and trying so hard not to hurt , offend , and be nice is really really difficult . I make a plan I like to stick to it . 
grr ... to < PROPFIRST>'s homework ... :/ 
I'm going job hunting today . Which me luck .... Salem here I come ... Hire me ! :D 
I do not feel good ... my head feels plugged up . 
Would you walk in sand and not clean your feet , eat corn on the cob , and clean out pumpkin guts for me ? 
ah .... Christmas shopping 
I got of work early ... first time since I started closing . It was 6 o'clock and they where all gone . It was so weird . 
Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 ) \ 
Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . \ 
2 ) The color you remind me of 3 ) Myfirst memory of you 4 ) The animal \ 
you remind me of 5 ) Ask something I've always wondered about you 6 ) My \ 
favorite thing about you 7 ) Give ...... you a weird nickname 8 ) Challenge\ 
you to post this 
Make up is something I don't know how to do well .... 
being sick sucks big time . 
no church for me tomorrow :( 
I want to do something ... I want to get my butt up and do something . It's weird just sitting around . 
I now have some energy ... just in time ... the mountain of laundry needs to be conquered . 
I love < PROPFIRST > Pollard so so much . :D 
I'm so happy be on vacation now . 
Today was a productive day ... I took stuff to good will , bought a new < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > out with mama and rode the bike around the lake while she jogged , I folded laundry and cleaned my room up nice . I really enjoyed the day . 
So , I was going to go look at an antique store with mama today but it was closed so we ended up eating giant hamburgers and going grocery shopping instead . Then we came home and reorganized to pantry .... good day . :D 
Today is going to be another great day . :D 
Someone didn't do a very good job fixing the inside of my car ... Dad and I went to fix it and there was some really screwed up stuff in there . 
grr this gross weather . 
It's snowing here . I'm glad I don't have to worry about driving in it . I went home from < PROPFIRST>'s house this morning instead of going to Salem . I wonder how much snow there will be tomorrow . 
It hasn't been above freezing all day . 
cooking and cleaning all day long ... than tomorrow I get to talk , eat , play games , and clean some more in the company of family . I was thinking about the things I have to be Thankful for and there is so much . This year I think for me what pops out first is having David ... I'm so thankful he's in my life . :) 
slept in til noon today ... I never sleep that late . I think it was the turkey and the niquill I took . 
I'm excited for tomorrow . I can't believe I'm still tired . 
this weekend was crazy and perfect . :) I so want to go back and help < PROPFIRST>'s grandparent ... soon to be my new grandparents .... get moved in to there house . It was nice talking with everyone and doing something useful . I enjoyed my time with < PROPFIRST > too ... perfect . 
way tired and soar . 
Okay , so I'm going through a rough spot again ... I'm tired out , stressed and overwhelmed .... What happened idk .. perhaps I overthink to much . 
got to < PROPFEMALE > out with a good friend and co-worker after work . It was nice . 
Oh I'm feeling so so so much better . I was so nervous about school and now I'm not so much . I got an E-mail that really helped . Hopefully next week I'll get my FAFSA award letter . :) 
I am almost done taking everything out of my room that I won't be taking with me next month . I am storing it all in the garage . My lucky parents get to store all my junk for a few months . :P 
it had been a long week , but all my chores are done and I don't have to be back at work till Monday . So , tomorrow I can spend time with my family , finish organizing all my stuff and read a good book . 
I'm nervous ... so much I'm unsure of . I really hope school is going to work for me . 
Got to love mornings when you wake up early and get to hear everyone fighting with one another . :/ 
It's been one of those days . Big ball of stress all day . Sad and hurt . I'm glad it's over and a new day is tomorrow . 
last day of work . Oh how I will miss all my little ones . 
things are not right or normal . I want to feel the way I did . I know I will again someday . 
feeling a little better this morning . I'm happy to be able to go visit my cousin tonight , I think it's well needed . 
I had an amazing time walking today and just praying . It's calmed me and helped me a whole whole lot . Now , I'm really looking forward to some good friend time in which I can just talk like silly and be me . God is good ... all the time . ( I just forget sometimes ) 
I've had a great weekend and a great start to the week . I went job hunting yesterday and thanks to my wonderful fiance I was able to get a lot done . I am hoping to find someone who will hire me . I hope my FAFSA comes in soon ... grrr .... Why do they wait more than It's been 11 weeks of waiting . 
Good news ! I got my FAFSA award letter . Now to figure out why it's having an error when I accept it . 
Weddings cost a lot . :/ 
making Christmas cookies was fun , but now my tummy hurts ( I like cookie doe ) . Now to work on packing my room up ... slowly . 
Oh I'm so sleepy 
I loves < PROPFIRST > so so much . 
Oh man ... I really need to find another job . 
Is anyone making new years resolutions ? I am curious what they are for you . 
If toast lands butter side down and cats land on their feet , if I attache a serious of butter backed cats to my car and invent levitation ! :D ( I just say this and is made me laugh ) 
just found out that a young man I know got hit by a car and is in the hospital . Please keep him in your prayers . 
had a nice weekend and now I'm going to < PROPFEMALE > with my family until I move out on Friday . 
it is really hard to find extra long twin sheets . I found one set , which is enough for now . I will only be there for six months and than I'm getting married and than I won't have to have extra long twin sheets I will have full size sheets . 
< PROPFEMALE > is playing with the puppy . She is messing with his ears . She pulls up his ears she says lab and she puts them down and says < PROPMALE > ( Shepard ) over and over . Than says , \I wish he'd just speak < PROPMALE > . Do you know what a < PROPMALE > bark sounds like ? \ " .... I haven't laughed that hard since the info commercial for the Easy feet foot scrubby things ... watching the commercial just makes my feet tickle . " 
So , I told several people that in the process of packing I lost my move in schedule and my resident guide for school . You'll never guess , but they were in my important paper file in the office where they were supposed to be all along . Go figure . It's like when you loose a pair of shoes and you look everywhere but where they are supposed to go . 
My room is empty . I moved out of it a couple days early because my sisters wanted to have there own rooms sooner and I wanted to see them decorate them . Everything is in the gray < PROPFIRST > ; my parent's are going to help me move on Friday . It's so weird , mom and I were sitting in the hall way crying ... we are such babies . 
nervous and excited and sad at the same time . Today , I move out and get to try something new . 
I'm now somewhat settled into a dorm room . I'm really enjoying it so far . I can't wait til classes start . 
I was reading a book this morning and it said , \Isn't is great that God can't be exaggerated ? \ " .... it's true . just try ... no human words can contain who God is . " 
had a really nice Saturday . I got to go out to lunch with < PROPFIRST > and his parent's which was neat and was showed around Salem a bit . And than I got to go to Wal-mart with one of my fellow dorm mates and talk with her which was cool . And I got to enjoy silly get to know you time and pick out shoes for another fellow dorm mate to match her dress . 
Good morning :) I made it back to school/home despite the thick fog and not knowing where I was going . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > . 
Looking for jobs is not fun , making maps is fun for a couple hours , reading , though interesting and neat , gets tiring . I think I'll go for a walk . 
I love < PROPFIRST > so so much . 
Did a little job hunting this morning ... it's really surprising how many places have online applications now . It makes it seem so impersonal . I hope and pray that soon I will find a job that will give me good hours . 
missing my family . 
found the Post office ! 
Someone please for heaven sake five me a job ... and about $ 10,000 dollars . Yup that would be great ... and Oh I would like flexible hours .... I'm a student . 
movies ... I like movies . 
job applications online take so long ... I've been at this since 10am and I've put in only 8 applications . I still have 15 more to go ... so many questions , over and over . It's what I got to do to get a job though . I just hope someone hires me soon . 
I get to go home and see my family today :D 
I am working on spelling the books of the Bible correctly and the sections in wish they are split ... the three things I have trouble spelling are Pentateuch , < PROPMALE > , and Malachi ... everything else I can to as far as I know . I still have to do the new Testament . 
So , my drive home last night was interesting . Someone came barreling through and intersection when he had a stop sign and I didn't . It was scary ... I braked hard ! Then I got home and tried to < PROPFEMALE > to much in and dropped my stuff 5 times ... that was my fault . I was so glad to be back in the room and now I'm ready for a long day of classes and enjoying chapel today . 
I had a really grossed out moment this morning . I'd like to begin that I keep my room pretty clean neat and organized . The most that's ever been on my floor was a set of clothes that I left over night and picked up the next morning . That being said can someone please tell me why a giant earth room was crawling across my floor this morning !!!! I took him outside , but it makes me feel like I'm not clean ... I am clean !!! 
It's weird having my whole life scheduled , but I have to in order to get everything that has to get done , done . I don't necessarily like it ... I like more free time and I miss it already . But , I'm scattered brained without it . And this is the only thing that wasn't organized , and it effects everything else . Managing time is hard for me . 
I feel nauseous ... :/ 
What an odd day ... I missed dinner with my school family , but I was able to see some of my other family . It was last minute ... 
I feel so much better today ! And my room is clean ! And I slept til ten ! and now I have homework ... But I'm still a happy camper . 
I need to get off facebook and get this homework done ... I feel like a mosqueto drawn to the light instead of going off to it's job , annoy people . I'm a human drawn to facebook instead of doing my job .... I'm going to break this cycle . 
I've finished one of my books for my Biblical Interpretation class . It's really good , totally changed how I read the Bible . I don't think this one will be sold when I sell my text books . 
Reading done ! I have reading for NT surveys and an assignment for Bib . Interp to do tomorrow and no hw over the weekend ! 
Growing up in a non-christian home and being a Christian yourself is like trying to diet when no one else around you is ... it takes determination , and strength . It's hard to be different from those around you . 
Crochet night ! :D 
It's a beautiful day ! One more hour of work and my Biblical Interp . homework will have to be put away . It's harder than it looks . 
Okay , I didn't make it far but I did my best . And now I'm ready for a weekend with little brain work . 
I'm gonna go see a movie with my dorm mates ! So excited . :D 
... LORD reign in me , reign in your power , over all my dreams , in my darkest hour , you are the LORD of all I am ... so won't you reign in me again ... 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes . It was a perfect Birthday . :) 
I am almost done with my homework . YAY ! for the weekend . 
Thank you Grandpa and grandma ( < PROPFIRST > Bamford ) , Grace Bible Fellowship - Kelso/Longview , Washington , < PROPFEMALE > R . Soule , < PROPFEMALE > Pollard and < PROPFIRST > Pollard , and who ever else I forgot for the Birthday cards and letters . I have them hanging up on my pin board . :D 
Can't find my cell phone ... grr . 
Mondays are always long for me . I'm thankful to be out early . I have a lot to do this week . I'm looking forward to keeping busy . Also if anyone knows of a job available within the Brooks/Salem area let me know . I'm still looking . 
When all of a sudden , \ 
I am unaware of these afflictions eclipsed by glory , \ 
And I realize just how beautiful You are , \ 
And how great Your affections are for me . -David Crowder Band 
I'm ready to get a cup of tea , Tylenol , a warm blanket and a movie . My head is hurting and math isn't helping , I understand the math which is good , I suppose . 
Slept good , went for a walk/job , amd warn out ate a muffin . Now for homework , pride and prejudice , crochet and cleaning . Perfect . 
Having an off week . I'm having trouble keeping track of everything despite a schedule on my wall . 
I'm still short a few envelopes for invitations ... I reminded < PROPFIRST > this morning to bring some , but he forgot . Oh my forgetful fiance .. what will I do with you ? 
We have to do a personality test thing before we start marriage counseling . Picking out my weaknesses was hard . Although I did realize something , I struggle with feeling like people like me . I'll go to a place , and everyone thinks I'm fine , but I think they don't like me . I really want that quality to go away . 
Oh I wish the post office wasn't closed , I'd run over and get < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFIRST>'s gift as they delivered it there and not here . I guess it was to big for the mail box . 
Tomorrow I shall start new , I'm out of my three day slump and ready to get moving , I think I may mail a letter to a friend and buy some good tea while I'm out tomorrow . I also might go for a walk and do all my reading homework . 
New goal : Talk less , listen more . Pray for me , I'm a natural born talker . 
:( I don't like this . I'm no used to this at all . 
I get to babysit today ! 
got lost , couldn't see , drove in the middle of two lanes of traffic ... ( no one was around , still scary ) almost cried , almost called someone ... saw a place I recognized and made it home . But , I did get to babysit my cousins tonight ! It was so much fun ! :) 
He misses me ... ha ... ha ... give him a guy day and he misses me . I'm so glad because that was so difficult . 
Good morning , ready for school today and an nice evening with my fiance . :D 
I'm just trying to keep in focus with today and maybe a couple days ahead so that I don't get overwhelmed . I can't believe how much has to happen . 
To whom is may concern : I did find my cell phone , the ants hate Windex , and I'm uncertain on what book am I going to decorate my door . 
Okay homework ... get ready to be attacked . Two weeks of homework in 3 days . I can do it . 
Puddle in my window ... at least I can wipe it up before it makes the wood worse . 
I can memorize information that is important through review all the time and lots of word pictures . 
this morning I went upstairs for breakfast , I don't know why , I rarely do . On of my mates came up to make coffee and do his devotions . He asked if he could read from the little book he was doing out loud . It talked about worry and how with God we needn't worry . What a blessing when God speaks to you through another person's actions . 
back to work . 
I'm so happy , yes I am . I finished my card and reading for Biblical Interpretation , I read 5 chapters for Speech and did the extra credit , put an hour into my Biblical Interpretation assignment and got pretty far , and read Philippians , Colossians , and 1 < PROPFIRST > ! That was a lot of reading . Break time . 
found it !!!... last verse of < PROPFIRST > 4 . 
Well , my head hurts , I've listened to the Bible all the way through first < PROPFIRST > and crocheted some . It's to close to dinner to go job hunting , my room is clean , and I don't think it would be wise to try an tackle anymore homework . So , now , what will I do ? 
Awe tomorrow how I am looking forward to you , in which I will clean my room a little , decorate my door and do all the rest of my homework and continue to get ahead in new testament surveys . 
I'm thinking I may go get my hair cut tomorrow . I need a change . Not short , just trimmed and layers in the front . 
got my hair cut . 
I'm determined to get a job ... yes I am . 
Alone ... :/ 
Interview and Famous footwear ! yay ! 
I bought a really cool book about crocheting today ... it has every stitch with how tos and pictures . I also got a bunch of yarn from < PROPFEMALE > Pollard ... huge bag ... I'm going to make hats and the like and sell them . 
yarn ... my hands hurt ... to much yarn ... :P 
< PROPFIRST>'s computer is fixed ... almost 24 hours later . Computers are like towns ... they have bad neighborhoods ... sometimes not known to be . They need to be taken care of . It had a bunch of viruses and spyware . I'm just glad it's fixed and better protected . And to those of you out there still using internet explorer , it's not as good as firefox ... you get more junk with IE and it's harder to clean anything off . 
Someone must have been praying for snow in the Rainier area because it dumped snow there and no where else . ..... 6 1/2 inches .... praying really hard . 
I have the best fiance ever !!! :D I love you < PROPFIRST > Pollard ! 
I was doing my homework and < PROPFIRST > is sitting across from me doing his while listening to music with his head phones . He was bobbing his head to the music , it was funny . :) I love it ! 
I've given up I can't win . I can try ... but 100 pounds more and all the muscle sits on me ... and I loose . Oh < PROPFIRST > Pollard I will win ... just you wait ! My ear hurts . 
Please please pray for me . I'm in desperate need of a job . I'm going to go out again this week and work really hard to find one . Please pray for confidence to make more phone calls . And the clearness of mind to ask the right questions . Thanks ! 
Two years next Monday ! :) And two think we are getting married in just a few more months . I'm so happy , I get to share the rest of my life with him . 
Time goes by so fast , I just got home from job hunting and picking up some stuff and it's already 1 . I still have homework to get done and laundry to do and a room to clean and people to e-mail . 
So , I got up at 9:30 because my alarm didn't go off . And all I've managed to do today is e-mail for the photographer , check on some jobs and pick up an application , clean my room and do laundry , leave a message on someones phone about flowers and spend 3 hours finding locations for a map . Why oh why do things take so long ??? I have so much more I need to get done and I've run out of time to do them all . 
I've decided I'm really not very good at doing my own hair ... grr ... oh well . Practice ... 
Why can't everything come easier !!!!? 
Thank goodness for crochet night because today has been the most down day for me , girl time helps that so much . 
I found my chap stick !!!! :D I'm so happy . 
Yesterday I was in a slump ... ate three pudding cups . I eat when I'm down . Today I feel better and I will not be eating pudding for a long while . 
MUPPETS !!! XD yay 
I can't wait for Lafette and to < PROPFEMALE > out and go to church with < PROPFIRST > the rest of the weekend . 
Today < PROPFIRST > and I have been together for 2 years . I am looking forward to our up and coming wedding in June and many more years together . I love you < PROPFIRST > Pollard ! <3 : * 
To my whole dorm : I am now done moving furniture ... I thought it would be a good a good time do to Volley ball but no one was playing tonight . 
Math homework done , application in , popcorn and book time ! :D yay . 
54 note card for New Testament and 30 notes cards for Speech , my hands hurt . Now I have study them . 
Lord , please send a job my way soon . 
microwavable goodness ... hmhm 
I don't think I'm going to finish this assignment in 4 hours . It took me an hour and a half just to map it out . 
my brain is no longer doing anything ... I've just spent the last 7 hours doing homework and studying . I'm going to get good grades ... Ask me anything from the Speech study guide or the New Testament Survey study guide I will know it ... I'm sure . 
Done ! :) 
crochet owl ... you better turn out cute ... not like my bear . 
< PROPFIRST > pulled a 10 and a half hour shift . Im so proud of him . 
Put in a few job applications today , cleaned my room and now I'm getting ready to go study for a little while . 
Well , starting Wednesday I'm leaving my cozy little room to roam from < PROPMALE > city , to Rainier , to < PROPMALE > , to Rainier , and then to < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Grove and then back to < PROPMALE > again . I'm looking forward to it a whole lot , but know I'll be ready to be home again when I get back . 
Early in the morning and my stomach hurts ... I just want to sleep 
Oh burner why don't you work ... now I have to wait for my broccoli . :( 
I was awaken this morning by a very happy dog . 
I'm ready to offer myself up as my cousins personal slave as we get ready for her wedding on Saturday .... here I go . :D 
And my < PROPMALE > wedding plans begin ... 
Wham ... surprise . God is good at that . I love Him so much ! 
I should have known that two weeks of calm meant there was another storm to get through . Why when you work out of state that they just don't take your taxes out for your state ? Now I have 1200 dollars that I owe to the government . I have not job and no way to pay this off ... looking into my options . I know I will grow and learn from this and it will be solved . 
To God be the < PROPFEMALE > , great things He has done , so loved he the world that he gave us his son , who yielded and died and atonement for sin and opened the life gate that all may go in ... praise the lord praise the lord let the people rejoice ! 
made my whole day ... kylee was trying to get the dog to fetch ... the ball hit < PROPFEMALE > right in the forehead ... I needed a good laugh . 
Who knows how to make tissue paper pom poms ? 
Yay ! wedding planning , I am actually beginning to enjoy this . That and I really just want to be married to < PROPFIRST > Pollard and the more I get done the more occupied I will be until that day . 
Does anyone know how to draw a tree really good . I want to make a wedding tree alternative guest book . They are so cool . I just don't know how to draw a tree . 
my Dad is the best . He's always there for me , works harder than anyone I know , doesn't complain even though he has every right to and I know he loves me . I love my dad . 
flowers ... making rehersal bouquets and drawing a tree ... wish me luck 
Okay , moving on , I've been with my family for a week , now to see < PROPFIRST > later today , and back to school Sunday evening . Great spring break , long , but good . 
Yay ! Sunday , I missed my church . :) Best end to spring break . :) 
Oh to be home , I got home over an hour ago and I'm just now settled back in . :) I'm so excited to be home , but it was a wonderful spring break . I got to see one of my best friends get married , I got to spend time with my family , I got my homework done , started enjoying wedding planning , learned some stuff and got to spend a good weekend with < PROPFIRST > . 
I miss < PROPFIRST > Pollard . 
I think I'm ready to start this day . :) 
If I could go back and tell myself something when I was 18 and just out of high school it would be don't be afraid just do it and people don't think you are stupid . 
Huge stack of books ! Dust every all over my hands ... I'm now ready to start Biblical interpretation homework . 
Grr ... I got almost done figuring out the wedding vows and my computer suddenly gets rid of it .... I'm so sad . :( 
If anyone is interested , I'm trying to earn a little cash , I'd love to babysit or houseclean . Let me know . 
ha ... I can make a good meal in the microwave , rice and cream of chicken and canned chicken make a good little casserole . :) 
Good morning cell phone , why must I step on you and role my ankle ? :/ ( perhaps I should have not left you on the floor next to my bed . ) 
I'm on a roll today , doctor called , < PROPFIRST>'s bridal appointment set up to get alterations and half of my diagram for Biblical interp . done . :) Yay ! :D 
Howl's moving castle . :) 
Watching the notebook is not a good thing , I miss my sweetie . :( 
Today , I played hooky from church . It was nice , but I am looking forward to chapel tomorrow . 
I am so thankful for all the ladies who helped plan my wedding shower . :) 
I'm not feeling very good ... :/ 
I'm feeling a bit better naps are great . :) 
wish me luck ... I'm hoping to get a job or at least an interview . 
please call ... I would be the best worker you ever had . 
Got and interview !!! :D 
Thank you to all those who have been praying for me to get my foot in to door somewhere , please pray that this interview goes well . It's next Wednesday at 3pm . 
Get's to go see < PROPFIRST > tonight ! :D yay ! :) GOOD DAY !!! 
okay , time to hit the homework . :) 
play with me or I'll break your arm ! :P ... sounds terrible , quoting a move . 
things are coming together ... 
So , it's been a good day . :) I thought that it wasn't going to be , silly me . It's been just fine . 
Vote for me !!!! :D ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy status update ) 
I'm way tired ... maybe I should go to sleep . 
Yes I can ! 
You are the Lord , the famous one , the famous one , great is Your name in all the earth ! 
I'm at the end of my rope for the day ... I love this class , but it's to late in the evening for me and I'm warn out , just plain worn out . ( and if my my grammar is bad , I'm sorry ) . My eyes still hurt ... grr . 
is encompassed by the love of a good man and an even greater God . When I've been down , tired and overwhelmed I've felt more love than I've ever known . The amazing thing is I get to spend rest of my life with it . 
Looking forward to tomorrow . :) 
\A lot of people are afraid of heights ; not me I'm afraid of widths \"- anonymous " 
I stopped taking math when they tried to tell me pies are square ! ( saw this online made me laugh ) :) 
Please hire me ! 
72 days left . :) 
You are deleted ! Bad links , to bad things . :/ Not a happy person ! 
Get to see my sister < PROPFEMALE > Bamford today ! :D 
Prepaid visa in the washer , my lucky day ! Party ! :P 
Well , getting that job didn't work out . They hired someone else . I'm almost out of money and I NEED a job . 
< PROPFIRST > and I are going to have lunch with my grandparents today . :) So excited . :) 
What's up it as < PROPFEMALE > yesterday , now there is ice on my car ! 
Internet load ... pretty please ! 
job applications and math homework .... all day . 
Get's to spend Easter with my family ! :) 
Whats your favorite book ? ( Other than the Bible . :)) 
looking forward to SATURDAY now ! :) Wedding planning with my mom and my \almost\ " other mom ! :) " 
Time to crochet ! 
soon ... I will clean out the garage . 
Found my summer clothes ! Please get warm so I can wear them all !!! 
Praise God ! 
Romans 1:4 -5\ 
And Jesus Christ our Lord was shown to be the Son of God when God powerfully raised him from the dead by means of the Holy Spirit . Through Christ , God has given us the privilege and authority to tell Gentiles everywhere what God has done for them , so that they will believe and obey him , bringing < PROPFEMALE > to his name . 
I feel snoopy ... I want to know what is going on ... 
I wonder if things will get less stressful for busy or is it going to be like this forever . 
stressed out legs , tired body , hurting ears ... don't know why , but I got to get some stuff done tonight . 
Well , not as much done as I would have hoped tomorrow will be better . much better . 
had the most amazing voicemail on my phone !!!! :D Hope this will come through . 
I got 2 interviews this week !!! :D 
Way way to early for the interview . At least in not late . 
< PROPFIRST>'s comment when I beat him at a game one time . - \a blind squirrel can find a peanut at least once every day\ " WHAT ? " 
GOT A JOB !!!!! 
I love < PROPFIRST > . I am looking forward to being his wife . 
wow , I nervous all of the sudden ... weird . 
runny nose and not kleenex . :( 
DONE !!! :D 
Woah , stress !!! back up ... why do I have to be an adult ? Oh yeah , I want to get married ... hmm I like that part ... now make things a little easier . 
What bothers me is that a life was lost , an unsaved life and he's in hell now . :'( I know he wasn't a good guy but , I don't like celebrating the eternal death of any human being . It makes me sad . I am glad that by him not being here things can change for the better . 
To those of you in the < PROPMALE > Grove area that know people or are in need of a babysitter . Let me know ! :) 
leaving Wednesday , visiting with my family , going to stay with Grandpa and grandma , starting work and getting into an apartment ... I've got a lot to do . 
2 more finals to go ... 2 finals done 
I apologize to anyone I spammed last night with that old person thing ... I clicked a bad link . 
I'm not doing anything for a while this morning , my body needs to recoup . 
A car that can park itself ... amazing . 
My room is packed . :) All I have to do now is finish my laundry up take a few < PROPFEMALE > nails out of the wall and wipe down my desk . 
I'm hungry ! I'm ready for my math test to be over ! And I am ready for Narnia ! 
52 days left . 
It's so pretty outside . The birds and the air .... Praise God !!! Thank you for this beautiful day ! :D 
Doing something new . 
Congratulating to all the graduating class from SBC of < PROPFEMALE > ! I'm proud to see my classmates who have worked so hard graduate . 
Ha ... the trailer is packed ! This means when I come back for the bridal shower , and the next day move into an apartment , I'll be ready . I hope this all works . 
