Great weekend and an BCS bowl win . 2011 should be a good one . 

Just trying to get this Facebook thing going again 
Just got in from work and working out not too long ago . Still bummed that work has started back . 
Cowboys moving on . HOW BOUT THEM COWBOYS 
The Cowboys lost ..... life officailly sucks til next football season . 
Bored .... just really bored . 
Just got back from the dentist . Just chillin till its time to get on the bus to go to Plainview to watch basketball . 
T-rex doesn't want to be fed he wants to hunt . 
Bout to go play some roundball . My only question is if so many people are getting together to play roundball , why are we not moving it outside to play football ?????? 
Either we all go home or nobody goes home !!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Rice's cheese dip should have its own food group . Best cheese dip ever . 
Pumped about DFW Football Clinic . 
Just call me Uncle < PROPFIRST > 
Having an awesome day chilling at home . Taking advantage of the day off . 
Just got back from the < PROPMALE > Clinic . Chilling at the house . 
Loved the 60 degree weather today . Hopefully the rain will pass us this weekend so we can get some paintball in . 
Just got done cleaning my house . Laying around before I gotta go get some roundball in . 
I havent watched any of the Olympics but I do know that the USA is winning . Fuck the rest of the world . USA ! USA ! USA ! 
All this talk bout the killer whale going crazy and killing the trainer ..... pretty sure the orca didnt go crazy , it went Killer Whale . Hence the name KILLER whale . Is anyone really that suprised ? Moral to the story .... don't mess with animals THAT CAN EAT YOU !!!!! 
For those of you that don't like to take chances , a good friend once told me that if you want to get to the fruit , you gotta go out on a limb . 
Tired of the rain .... need some good weather . 
Is it bad that I was just watching a show where sharks were feeding on chum and I got hungry ? 
Wow im bored . Nothing to do . 
Im tired of being sick !!!! I must have AIDS or something cuz ever since I started teaching my immune system has gone to crap . Maybe I need a change of climate . I'm going to live with Shardae in Florida ..... and she doesn't even know it yet . 
Cant believe I didnt get to play golf today . Long story but Masters classes are overrated . 
Just getting everything ready for the Padre trip . 
If peeing your pants is cool then consider me < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Im ready for the weekend .... and yes , its only Monday . 
. Dont ever try and out smart your common sense 
Cellarmans was just like old times . Great time last night . 
Happy Easter everyone . Football today at Coalgate at 2:30 . 
Had about 12 people say they wanted to play football last night and only 5 show up today . Maybe Coalgate forgot how to show up for football . Might explain the last few Boggy Bottom Bowls . 
Almost done with all my yard work . Just got to week eat , clean my porch , and set up the fire pit . 
Just got done working calves . You cant help but feel like a badass when you're flipping them until one kicks the shit out of you and brings you back down to earth . 
If ifs , ands , and buts were < PROPFEMALE > and nuts , it would be < PROPFIRST > Woods everyday . 
Red White Game was a blast ! Got to watch some football and hit up some great bars . Plus we were in God's country which is always a blast . Boomer Sooner ! 
It's that magical time of year again . GERMANFEST !!!! Hey < PROPMALE > , start practicing your chicken dance . 
Does it seem weird to anyone else that apparently it's ok to take prayer out of school but you get crucified if you say anything negative about < PROPMALE > Tebow ? Yeah ..... kinda makes you think . 
Had a great time at Germanfest . Already cant wait till next year . 
Spent two hours on a mower and im still not done . I hate my yard . 
Im not going to lie to you , this is going to get weird ...... two dragons . 
Im in a deep arguement . Which show is better , According to < PROPMALE > or Seinfeld . Cast your vote now . 
Looking forward to the UFC fights tonight . Also , Seinfeld won the competition . Thanks to all who voted . 
Tornados everywhere . Looks like ima hafta go throw a bottle of < PROPFIRST > Daniels into one and yell \HERE ! HAVE A DRINK ! \ " I bet the bottle wont even touch the ground . " 
Getting ready to head to Durant for the graduation party . Gonna be a good night . 
Great weekend . Colleges should have graduations more often . 
Another Sunday night and another end of the weekend depression . 
The teams have been chosen for the first ever Atoka Maroon-White Game . Lets go Team White . 
Great maroon-white game . Had a lot of fun . 
Wow Ive got a killer headache . The Tylonol bottle says take 2 . Better play it safe and make it 8 . 
Mow the yard or burn it all down ...... decisions , decisions . 
Eufaula was a blast . Cross Canadian put on a great show . 
Summer camps are over . We got to see a lot of good things . Time to enjoy the summer . 
Feels good to get the lawn mowed . One less thing to worry about . 
Bout to head to Durant for a 7-on-7 football game . Not much an oline-dline guy can do but their fun to watch . 
Cellarmans tonight !!!! Lets get saur on some krauts ! 
If it is true that life's a dance and you learn as you go , which dance would you say is your life ? Lets get philosophical . 
Gotta hit a quick nap then head to Robbers Cave . 
Some days I want to be like Jesus but others I want to be < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Wow ! < PROPMALE > got knocked out with 5 seconds left in the first round . I think it's about time he retires . On a side note , I wasn't real impressed with the other fights on the card . Just my opinion . 
OU is in the College World Series !!!!! Boomer Sooner !!! 1 
If a tie is like kissing your sister , does that make soccer players and fans in-bred ? 
Congrats to < PROPFIRST > Young for becoming the all time Rangers hits leader . 
Anyone interested in a < PROPFIRST > Deere riding lawn mower ? Good condition . 300 bucks . 
Ive never been so excited about a basketball game as I was tonight . IT SIGNALED THE END OF BASKETBALL SEASON !!!! THANK YOU GOD !!!!! 
My grandparents went camping at Eufaula and they didn't leave any food up here !!! NOOOOOO !!!! 
Great time tonight . < PROPFIRST > restored my faith in the 80s . Yo Cheese , plug me in !!! 
R.I.P. MJ ???? < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > died ? I thought he was in good health . Oh wait . Yall are all talking about the weird pedifile that died his skin white . My bad . 
Metal Shop just melted my face off . I had a blast . I might not be able to hear for a week . 
Ghostbusters is on . He's an ugly lil spud isnt he ? 
Why didnt you tell me you were a demon from hell ? WILD THING !!!! 
Pumped about watching UFC 116 . Lets go Lesnar !!!! 
Lesnar is still the heavyweight champ !!!! No one beats the beast !!! 
Come and kneel before Zod ...... ZOD !!!!!!!! 
Congrats Atoka for winning the Oklahoma 7-on-7 State Championship . 
I BELIEVE ..... The worst football halftime show is still more entertaining than a soccer game . 
First the Cinemark in < PROPMALE > doesn't show predators at midnight last Thursday and now the Cinemark in < PROPFEMALE > isn't showing Predators at all . I think it's a conspiracy . 
Metal Shop melted my face off . Completely different sets than last time . Rocking it 80s style . 
Lazy Sunday night . Nothing good comes of boredom . 
When is football season going to be here ? I dont understand these sports that use round balls . 
When you babies in your cribs your fathers looked down on you in hopes that one day his son would become a man . Well look at you now . You just got your asses whipped by a bunch of gosh damn nerds .... NERDS !!!! Well if I was you I'de do something about it . I would redeem myself in the eyes of my father , my Maker , AND MY COACH ! WELL WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR ? LETS GET THOSE NERDS ! NERDS !!!!!!!! 
Bout to hafta go haul some square bails . Number 1-who bails square bails anymore ? Number 2-didnt they used to make high school kids that needed money for jobs like this ? 
So Im in the barber shop today and a woman is in there with her kid and she told the barber that she doesnt let her kid go outside during the day because it is too hot ....... people like this are what's wrong with < PROPFEMALE > . I say make every kid stay outside when its hot and when they come in they only get channel 10 and 12 and when the President comes on they are screwed . 
Had to get a new phone . Lost all my < PROPFIRST > . Please text me . 
One more big assignment before my masters classes are over for the summer . I would go ahead and get it done right now but procrastination is more my style . 
Im pretty sure < PROPFIRST > the Exterminator just said that it is a well known fact that snakes hate garlic . He must be hanging out with < PROPMALE > from The Hangover with info like that . 
SHARK WEEK !!!!!! 
I just saw the commercial for the new Halo game . It almost saddens me to think of all the time that people are going to waste with that game . 
Wow I found the Boggy Bottom Bowl film from year 2000 . THERE'S 12 MEN ON THE FIELD !!! A win is a win hahahahahaha . 
So I am pretty sure < PROPMALE > Heck just compared a guy that REFUSES to speak English to one of the greatest American heros ever , < PROPMALE > Balboa . 
Wow the Boys of Fall video is deep . The part when the coach says that the town lives bicariously through them reminds me of when the Wrangler plant shut down and < PROPFIRST > said that to us . 
Apparently some boxer named Tonney is going to cross over to the UFC to fight Captain < PROPFEMALE > himself < PROPFIRST > Couture . Some one needs to remind the boxing community that these colors dont run . 
Is football really back ????? YEP ! 
Time to go back to work . See ya summer . 
If you have never given a dog a Listerine strip , do it . It is hilarious . 
Look up full metal jacket < PROPFEMALE > wars on youtube . Vader has the drill sergent's voice . It is hilarious . 
It's Sunday and I'm up early enough . Might as well go get right with the Lord . 
I love all these people that come on here and put inspirational posts . A personal fave of mine is when life gives you lemons , screw it , and bail . Now thats a saying , and it's realistic . 
All that's left is his boot ..... WHERE'S THE FOOT ?!!!! 
I cant believe the first scrim of the year is tomorrow . Somewhere the echoes are waking back up . 
Please let it rain .... untill I get tired of the rain then let the sun shine .... untill i get tired of the sun then let it rain again .... then let it get cold cause it is too hot .... then when Im tired of the cold let it get warm again ... anyone else wish they could control the weather . 
Did anyone watch Pros vs Joes tonight ? How horrible is < PROPFIRST > Vick ? Why is he still in the NFL ? 
UFC tonight . Should be a good one . 
Just killed the oppossum that had been eating my dog's food . With its head hanging half way off its entire body started twitching . The only logical explanation for this was that it was turning into a zombie . I quickly blew body to shreds to avoid the spread of the disease . 
The Boys of Fall documentary is amazing . If you played football and you didnt enjoy it , you never deserved to wear the shoulder pads and helmet . 
Wasnt the prettiest game in the world but a win is a win . Time to focus on the B3 . 
May Zanzia and Kissmyanzia fight as one . Let us gingerly touch our tips . 
I just watched the video to Disturbed-Indestructible and it got me jacked up . Cry havok and let slip the dogs of war . 
Good win for Atoka in the Boggy Bottom Bowl now time to prepare for Antlers . 
THERES ONLY ONE OKLAHOMA ! Great game OU 
Did anyone see the mix of TO and Ochocinco soundbytes . I cant help but hope that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > destroys both of them . If < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is smart he will he will throw to Shipley and Gresham . 
Cant complain about the call at the end of the game . < PROPMALE > never turned the offense loose and DEZ < PROPMALE > IS NOT THEIR BEST RECIEVER . Get the ball in Wittens , Jones , and Austins hands . Tashard Choice should never touch the field . Great job defense . 
Glad to get home and relax a little bit . I hate painting the field . 
Good win tonight over Antlers . Always nice going into districts on a high note . 
How bout OSU dorms are apparently infested with bed bugs . It suprises me that people are suprised about this . I've always seen Stillwater as a filthy town . The river of slime runs underneath Stillwater . Vigo Lives !!! 
One is one too many and one more is never enough . 
There is no such thing as a good morning but I suppose everyone is entitled to their opinion . 
Have you ever been laying on your couch at night and imagined what if there was some big foot like thing standing in the window starring at you ? And yes , it has red eyes . I just freaked myself out . BIG GULP !!!!! 
Time for OU to show why they are the modern < PROPFEMALE>'s all time winningest program . BOOMER SOONER !!!! 
HAHA !!!! BOOMER ..... SOONER !!!! TEXAS .... SUCKS !!!! 
Im the Jay-Z of jingles but I cant get any work . 
Either we all go home or nobody goes home !!!!! 
Great job Rangers . Lets keep it going . 
Is being a guido kind of like being a zombie ? If you are bitten will you turn into one ? 
Great job Rangers . Now gotta finish . 
Big win for the Rangers . Up 3-1 with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > left . I like their odds to finish it . 
Great bonfire last night . It was like the heavens parted and God said let there be fire . 
OU loses , the Cowboys suck , and Lesnar loses . Thank God for the Rangers cuz they're all I got . 
OU put a damper on things but other than that good weekend . Lets keep the good times rolling and make every day better than the last . 
Great Halloween party last night . From what I hear it was good times in Durant , < PROPMALE > , and New Orleans also . If you just stayed home , you might want to make sure you still have a pulse . 
MCRIB IS BACK !!!!! 
Cards are on the table and the bullets are in the gun . 
Why wouldn't you send the bigger , stronger Gresham over the middle . They knew Shipley was prolly going to take a shot from a safety and linebacker ..... I'm not going to lie though , it did put a smile on my face to see an ex-longhorn get smashed . 
Why would you think I would do things just to do them like grind my feeet on some one's couch ? I got more sense than that .... yeah i grinded my feet on < PROPFIRST>'s coach . 
You can't live today worrying about tomorrow . 
Lets go Sooners . Get back on track today . Big home game . 
Where I come from the Red River flows in favor of the Sooners . 
Is it lightning in < PROPFIRST > ? Nope that's just Finch . 
Is the fact that it is getting dark at 5:30 killing anyone else ? I miss the daylight . 
Awesome concert last night . 
Good win for the Sooners last night . Bout time they had a dominating performance on the road . Now to take care of that other school from Oklahoma . Orange makes me puke . 
Happy Thanksgiving 
Another great Turkey Bowl in the books . A lot of people backed out because they thought it was too rainy and cold . The sun came out and the wind died down . Great game . 
Time for the yearly beatdown of Oklahoma State 
Bedlam Champs . Lets be honest , no one wanted to see OSU in the last Big 12 championship . This is the way it should be . Oklahoma-Nebraska . The bottom line is that the game could have gone either way but OU just knows how to win . Sign of a great program . Same cant be said for OSU . Now resume your role as that other team from Oklahom and that other team from the Big 12 that wears orange . BOOMER SOONER ! 
Boomer Sooner !!!! It's time for the most dominant team in Big 12 history to finish as champions . 
And the greatest school in Big 12 history takes their rightful spots as champions once again . 
Finally got enrolled for the spring semester . I'm ready to get this masters knocked out . 
Got to watch the Class A title game last night . Was Class A that bad back when we played ? 
Really Miami ? You fire < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > so you can hire < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE>'s ex-coach ? I'm no fortune teller but I don't see a national championship in their immediate future . 
Working for the weekend . It cant get here fast enough . 
Christmas Break !!!! Much needed time off . 
Rome wasnt built in a day and neither was your body . P90X 
Great job Louisville !!! 
I've got all day to do about 5 minutes of work and there is a good < PROPMALE > I will put it off until tomorrow . In no way is the depressing . 
How many of you people actually laugh out loud when you type \lol\ " ? Fact of the matter is that the term \ " lol\ " makes you a liar because none of you are actually laughing . " 
Good Holliday Game at the Swamp . Great turnout . Time for some recooporation . 
The truth will set you free but first it's going to really piss you off . 
Wow < PROPFIRST > Gundy , first you're upset about you players dumping Gatorade on you after a bowl win and then you say that Blackmon and Weeden shouldnt go pro ? Blackmon would prolly be the first WR taken and Weeden is like 30 so the window has to be closing . Piece of crap and selfish . Couple of reasons why an Alamo Bowl victory is about as good as they will ever do . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everybody . I really appreciate it . 
You got us involved when you brought us here , < PROPMALE > . 
Broyles and < PROPFIRST > coming back . BOOMER SOONER 
I'm digging the snow . It would be nice if it would start sticking tho . 
NO WORK TOMORROW !!!! Remember everyone , dont eat the yellow snow . 
Gotta love P90X . Just Mother Sky , Father Earth , and dear old uncle < PROPFIRST > . 
I'm torn . I hate Oregon and I also hate the SEC . I guess technically since I hate Aurburn's conference and not them I am going for them . More importantly I want this to stay a good game . 
Who to go for , the Jets or the Cheeseheads ? Hmmmmm ? 
Sitting in class at ECU till 7 tonight . Jealous ???? You know you are . 
All is once again right with world . 
Why cant life be like Animal House ? I just want to listen to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and headbut people . 
It's the last call , it's too far to crawl , now help me to my feet . 
Gearing up for the DFW football clinic . Should be a good weekend . 
100 dollar reebok zigs for just 60 ??? Gotta get me some of that . 
Working the Atoka-Coalgate 8th grade concession stand . Better prices than Schwanns . Why buy from < PROPMALE > when u can buy from the best ? 
Schwanns uses babies 4 their meat . 
Ice Ice Baby . Loving the weather ! 
It aint hip 2 sing about tractors , trucks , little towns , or mama . Yeah that mite b true . But this is country music and we do . 
I need to get out of Coalgate . Anyone know how highway 69 is between Atoka and Durant ? 
< PROPMALE > Cook in < PROPFIRST > Saturday night ! U DONT EVEN KNOW ! 
Sometimes you gotta dance with the devil and cry with the saints . 
Could i get a dissability claim for restless leg syndrome ? 
< PROPMALE > Cook is cracking my shit up ! 
< PROPMALE > Cook just brought down the house . Better than any special of his ive ever seen on hbo or comedy central . 
Wow . Horrible halftime show . 
Good game , good commercials , good job Green Bay . 
It's hard always being right . 
Why cant things b like they were in the 80s ? Used 2 u could start a montage and b done with anything in 10 minutes . 
It doesnt matter how many times u tell some old war stories . Some things just transcend time . 
< PROPFIRST > , there are many fish in the sea but ur the only one i would like 2 mount over my fireplace . 
Loving this weather . Can't wait to bust out the flip flops and shades and hit a few rounds of golf . 
I have no idea wha this guy is talking about . When I pass this class I will prove that it is pointless . 
This guy is talking about business ethics . I would prefer burning dog feces and the human response . 
I've been in this class for 1.5 hours and the only thing I've gotten out of this is that the teacher is an OU fan and he disslikes guidos . 
< PROPFIRST > McCulley , < PROPFIRST > Ditka , and < PROPMALE > Knight should have their own radio show . 
What ? U think im going 2 paddle 2 new zealand ? 
Best day ive had off the tee . Gotta get better at the short game . Its not that i cant use the pitching wedge . I just currently struggle with . 
< PROPFIRST > Strait is the best country singer around and he was in Pure Country . His name was < PROPFIRST > . Coincidence ? I think not . 
Some one had my phone . 
Red dirt mardi gras was a blast . Fire marshal shut us out even tho we had tix so we jumped the fence . Definately 1 to remember . 
Class again . LET THE BOREDOM BEGIN ! 
Did anyone see on the news where Texas is going 2 start letting Mexico use < PROPMALE > as their capital cuz the cartel is getting so bad ? 
Im still sweating ... THE SHOWER DIDNT TAKE ! 
FUZION FRENZY 
Introduce yourself 
Wow it was hard 2 get up this morning . Its part of the job of making these kids better people . 
Did anyone see the < PROPFIRST > Griffin mix on Sportsnation ? The guys a freak . 
Im no stranger 2 hard work . Ive seen it done . 
This professor needs to start talking in true/false . I'm better with true/false . 
I dont care if < PROPFIRST > Sheen is insane , he's still hilarious . 
Anybody that wears their jeans tucked in2 their boots 4 fashion deserve 4 < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 2 come back 2 life and punch them in the face . 
With so much drama in the LBC its kinda hard being Snoop D-O-double G . 
The altercation between < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Ventura proved that OSU was born 2 have the crap beat out of them . 
If you dont have any songs by The Loney Island , download some NOW ! 
Exceptional my ass . 
WE HAD A PACT ! 
WARRIOR DASH !!! Keep your blades sharp and your wits sharper . 
I am one of those braves . 
If ur one of those people that drive 40 in a 70 , it's not that i want u to die , i just dont want u around anymore . 
You look like a pirate . 
Dont let anyone censor you , < PROPFIRST > . I never miss the 50 year storm . 
About 12 hours and we are heading to Colorado . Not looking forward to the drive but cant wait to break my leg skiing . Lol . 
You will not win cuz i will not lose . 
Almost to Albuquerque ..... winning . 
Wow skiing is hard . Im not as bad as i expected i would be tho . 
Hey . Aeroesmith . 3 weeks . Front row seat , baby . 
I literally think i could throw up and it would make a better state than new mexico 
Well the yogurt verdict is in . 
Kid Cradick in the Morning just referred to a girls arm pit hair as Buckwheat in a head lock . I almost wrecked from laughing so hard . 
Have you ever heard the saying ' if these walls could talk' ? I wonder how many people's houses would still be standing if their walls could talk . 
Whats a good name 4 a boat ? 
< PROPFIRST > Smith just said this ... ' I dont want 2 be a man . I want 2 be a coward . Life's easier that way . ' 
I hate driving behind logging trucks . I feel like some final destination stuff is about to happen . 
Just got stung on the bottom of the foot by a red wasp . I'm pretty sure I came up with new combinations of words that I didn't even know that I knew . 
Do you ever take a nap that feels so long that you wake up wondering what year it is ? 
What would be the worst ringtone ever to go off in the middle of church ? 
RANGERS ! Thats how you defend the < PROPMALE > title . Great job . 
Learned how to tie my own tie tonight . Only took about an hour . 
Any animal that ur not suppose to feed after midnight and cant get wet does not make a good pet . 
KINSLER !!!!! 
Would other awards shows put kids with dissabilities up on stage and let them perform ? Prolly not but this is country music and we do . That was pretty cool . 
The new DQ commercials are awesome . 
