-cough- 

Fine ! Don't tell people about me wanting an owl ! A SAW-WHET OWL ! Thats it , < PROPFIRST > ! The next time I dream about going to Hogwarts , school of witchcraft and wizardry , I'M NOT BRINGING YOU ! 
omg i'm surrounded by idiots ... but wow do i love them so much . 
havent slept right in 4 days and now i'm in < PROPFEMALE>'s house and its loud as hell .... omg little kids O.o 
.... -blush- ... 
You fucking touch me , I will rip you apart . I'll reach in and take a bite , out of that shit you call a heart . 
The worst part about being lied to ... is knowing you weren't worth the truth . 
You're such a fake , manipulative , passive , aggressive , bitchy , rude , selfish , lair , and an attention whore .... and its really kind of sad , ' cause you think you are the \perfect\ " friend . " 
help me out ! I'm going to make a new video , hopfuly , with the new feed i got today . Give me some kool , fun , up-beat songs to use in it ! 
WATCH THEM ! THERE FUNNY !! ... AND I MADE THEM HEHE XD ... exept for two which were made by < PROPFIRST > XP 
Firefires by owl city 
went to freak fest and met < PROPFIRST > Bowie 
There is a reason why they call me Heartless ... I dont long nor belong in this world 
Never trust someone who smiles ... 
I'm at night school ... yay , not . Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
life sucks 
2 days without sleep ... this sucks . Royaly . 
Out of all the mistakes I've made so far in life , every boy I've ever liked has been my worst mistakes so far . 
Rainbow 
www.thedebbiefanclub.web.officelive.com 
should I give him a < PROPMALE > ? Being with him is as easy as breathing air ... would it work out or just explode in our face ? 
omg O.o I just found out who boxxy is and she's hot ! 
Rawr ! I'm so happy and hyper today ! I dont know why ! 
Stab you in the eye ? 
Look me up on YouTube =D VampireDiaires 
I got my prom dress >.< I'm really happy about it . now I have to fight with my self for the next 2 months so i wont wear it b4 then .. lol 
Rawr ! 
I'm not gonna try to impress you .. because its not worth it . I just wish you'd get over yourself . Even though she's a lot like me ... we are NOT the same . 
-stretch- ugh . I'm really tired -sigh- but my days not over yet ... gotta keep moving . 
Things are never what they seem ... so dont act like you know me . 
Oh fog , how I love thee . Consume all that is around you . Leave this city in your never ending maze . Devour this place and eclipse the lights . Befriend the darkness and leave nothing but the sparks of our souls . Oh fog , that seems to evaporate when < PROPFEMALE > breaks . Come back to me at night ... 
Wheres a hover cam when you need one ? 
Music speaks for me when I can't get the words past my lips . =3 
( after watching wallflower opening)-nose bleed- okay ... I've had my fangasim for the day so I'll be good now XD 
I'm so depressed . I woke up extra early and ran around all day in anticipation for our girlie weekend and went shopping for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday just to end up not having a ride there . I'm defeated . I just want to curl up into a ball , roll inot a hole and die .. after I set someone on fire . T.T 
So I saw him yesturday . I cried last night . Just shows how muich I love her . Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
My friends are my Family and they are all I need =3 
I went on a spree on YouTube and downloaded a MILLION Japanese songs ! unfortunately the titles are all in Japanese as well so i have no idea how ill know which ones which once they are all in my mp3 ... 
I just had the weirdest and most confusingly scary dream Ive ever had in my entire life O.o is my subconscious trying to tell me something ? I'll never be able to look at Asian the same again . 
\16 dollars at McDonald's is like 200 dollars at Toys ' R ' Us . \ " - < PROPFIRST > " 
I was just trying to cheer him up . Why does he have to be so unkind to me ? 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > happy !! -sheds tears of pure joy- I watched the last season finally of Inuyasha and the battle scenes were amazing and ..!!! I'm so happy ! I can not express the joy I feel right now ! -twitch- 
It hurts you know . When you care for someone ... I'd rather feel nothing at all . 
WHY CAN'T I EVER SLEEP WHEN I REALLY WANT TO !?!? 
I think I might be slowly going insane ... 
I think that after this time cutting it I'll let my hair grow until its just past my shoulder blades . I'll let it go long even if its bothersome 
My doctor was of no help to me . I still can't sleep -__-' 
AH ! I'll never be able to sleep AGAIN !! 
-weeps tears of joy- I finally fell asleep last night :D I'm so happy ! I hope I can sleep again tonight ! 
Mix pods being a jerk face -angry face- 
All I want to do is make you smile ! xD So smile little emo kid ! Smile ! 
Why do I feel sad when you stop talking to me ? Do I fear being hated ? You'd think i'd be use to it by now ... 
Can I keep you ? 
DX I might I have to soak my brain in acid to get that knowledge out of my head !!! 
Why can't I ever say anything thats on my mind without someone taking offence to it ? 
My writers block is gone ! It took me a year to get rid of it but it's gone and now from having only one chapter I now have three ! =D 
Crap i stayed up all night and tonights prom T.T shit . 
Thanks everyone ! It means a lot to me that you all went to the trouble of wishing me a good birthday ^^ You guys are the best ! 
T.T I didn't sleep again last night . -sigh- i'm so tired now and i have to leave for school in 10 minutes 
Reason behind changing my default - I can't stand to look at myself right now . 
\Oh look there is a hooker right down the street . Or wait . Is that a kid ? Its a kid nvm . \ " - my mom " 
I like cookies ._. 
My Brain !! It hurts like hell ! My heads been having sudden sharp pains lately every so often and i dont know why . it hurts like hell . i have them several times a day . I aslo can't sleep and Its that time of the month . This week has been crap . T.T 
????? <3 
For some reason thinking about my group of friends doesn't make me happy . It makes me feel more and more miserable by the moment . Prom was something that was probably better off not being attended . 
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? <3 
?????????????????????????????????????? <3 
I'm so disappointed ! i can't find not 1 good copy of the disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya the movie anywhere and to top it even the only copy ( which is in poor quality and the whole video is slanted the entire time because it was obviously recorded secretly at the theater ) isn't even subbed ! I want to watch that movie god damn it ! 
< PROPFIRST > teaches me something new every god damn day that makes me laugh until I think I might pee myself . ._. I'm serious . 
My heart aches faintly as it sings a happy song full of bitter sweet memories . I scream out to you in a hoarse voice that can't be heard and cry tears that can't be seen while I smile the day away . The happy days we spent together feel so far away and I know they'll never come back . So I'll smile for what I had and move forward as my heart aches from my bitter sweet song . 
I got my ID today :p my signature looks like crap . lol 
I just don't understand why everyone feels the need to find a person just to slap a label on your relationship . Can't you be happy with what you have already with the people you already have ? Thats what I remind myself whenever I think about it . Why feel lonely when I'm surrounded by so many people that love me . I should be grateful for what I have or I'll just be asking for it . 
Screw you and the fucking horse you road in on ! Go fuck yourself and your mother , side ways . ._. 
I'm sick of taking other peoples shit when all they do is push me around and treat me like trash ! I won't forgive you ! this I promise , no matter what , I'll never forgive you ! 
Every time you open your mouth it just pisses me off more and makes me want to punch something . 
Just thinking of him pisses me off . T.T I'ma go and delete everything that reminds me of him , k ? 
This is my decision and I won't regret it so don't say I'm wrong . If I am wrong then its my mistake to make . Don't try to change me . Like me for who I am , How I act , What I do , and Why I say things . If you can't then thats your problem not mine . I don't need people who can't like me because of the things I do or say . Its all or nothing . 
Went shopping and I feel so much better . I think i may be one of those people who shop every time there angry or depressed . hmm . that's so weird . 
It scares me when boys cry ... but I hope I made this boy cry because this boy .. really pisses me off . 
Tik Tok on the Clock there's no time to waste , jump down the rabbit hole it's time to race . ;p 
Tik Tok on the clock my head is spinning ' round and ' round , nothings up and nothings down . Will my feet ever hit the ground ? Tik Tok on the clock life is short and my times up . 
>.> I ran across an episode of < PROPFEMALE > and now I want to watch more T.T 
Now I know why people call her a bitch and talk behind her back . I knew there was a reason why I never liked that girl . No matter how much you try to be nice to her she just bites your fucking head off . 
I really wanna go to < PROPMALE>'s ark next month with < PROPFIRST > and the gang but i need to get my phone turned on and i don't have a swim suit . =( 
Why do I act this way . It's not the real me . I think I need a Shugo < PROPFEMALE > more than Amu T.T she should hand one over to me because I need the help more than she does right now . 
I'm so fickin bored and I don't know what to do about it . I was going to be a geek and watch Xena warrior < PROPFEMALE > but can't find the series online to watch for free anywhere >.< its total bullshit ... < PROPFEMALE > creeps me out . THAT POOR CAT ! 
Just got done watching < PROPMALE > of Persia , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the Olympians , and how to train your dragon . < PROPMALE > and the < PROPMALE > are fucking hot as hell . After watching the movie I feel like I should read the books and play the video games . I want to own all these movies . they are pure awesome sauce . Hiccup is now my Hero and I would like a Toothless for Christmas ... just sayin . 
just because my mom says no ... doesn't mean it will stop me from buying a cat when i get money T.T 
damn it .... 
RAWR ..... idk >.> 
I feel left out of everything . I feel like I'm invisible and no one cares . ( Jessie if you say \i care\ " on this i will hurt you bc u haven't called me in a week and i haven't been invited anywhere)I feel like I'm rotting in some dark damp hole that I dug myself into and that I will have to sleep in this grave I've made . I will end up alone and unloved and unwanted because in the end everyone forgets about my existence . " 
Time to start another uneventful , wasted , boring day alone ... yay T.T how I love summer . 
Again i didnt sleep last night . T.T damn it . I can't get back to my normal sleeping habits . 
I'm so hungry Dx Why isn't there ever any food in this damn house ! 
Don't say a word . T.T 
ME and < PROPFIRST > went swimming xD but < PROPFIRST > an piggy are lame and didn't go with us =p 
INTERWEBS BE LAME ! 
Dx sick again . my whole left half of my throat is swollen . It hurts like hell ! 
I should be a ninja . T.T I bet if I tried I'd be good at it . 
T.T my room is totally empty . there is nothing in it . everything is packed and ready to go . It makes me feel sad . 
This is lame . T.T life is lame but at least I get to eat food . 
I feel like crying but not even a single tear will fall . I bottle my feelings without even trying . Maybe that means I've perfected the whole \bottling\ " thing . " 
Thinking of you where ever you are ~ We pray for our sorrows to end and hope that our hearts will blend . Now I will step forward to realize this wish : And who knows , starting a new journey may not be so hard ... or maybe it's already begun . There are many worlds but they share the same sky . One sky . One < PROPFEMALE > . 
=p I dragged a T.V into my bedroom just so I could play kingdom hearts . 
Dx why doesn't < PROPFIRST>'s tv have connections ?! I can't play my KH ! 
i hachu < PROPFIRST > for makin me like jonh dies at the end ... -chuckles- i wish < PROPFIRST > was my friend . frickin hilarious that guy is . 
O . e last night i didn't fall asleep until 3am bc i kept thinking I saw something in the darkness move from the corner of my eye .... god damn you < PROPFIRST > wong . 
All i can do is bother and annoy people . What kind of talent is that ? 
Find myself reading < PROPFIRST > dies at the end again . Didn't I say I wasn't going to read that anymore ? ... man , I gotta pee . 
Finished < PROPFIRST > dies at the end .... I'm a a little on the confused side but mostly please about what happen . whats with the ending though ? Guess it doesn't matter . It was funny . 
._. 
Life never goes the way you plan it so why even try . Go with the flow of things and maybe , just maybe , things will turn out better then you could have ever imagined . 
Fear is nothing to be ashamed of but you have to learn to live with that fear . Learn to conquer that fear and don't let it ever hold you back from the things you want to do because if you let it win you might miss the best things that make life worth living . 
you know that feeling you get when you've just been ripped off . I have that feeling right now . 
I hate the world right now so leave me alone for a while . 
EVERYONE JUST LEAVE ME ALONE ! STOP ACTING LIKE YOU CARE BECAUSE YOU DON'T! YOU ONLY ACTING LIKE IT BECAUSE I CALLED YOU OUT ON YOUR BULLSHIT 
I'm back home . I missed my bed to much . Ah . How I love thy bed . 
ugh . I think I might be sick . 
Missing my besty . See you in a few !! 
xD I'm so into this new anime katekyo hitman reborn !! I am proud to say I am a Hayato Gokudera fan girl now !! He is super smexy ! 
D= my cat killed a baby mole T.T that poor baby mole . 
I feel sick =( 
What to do , what to do ? 
Taco bell : that will be $5.75 Piggy : I don't have any money ... will you accept a coconut ? Taco bell : no . Piggy : well ... i was trying to save this for later but -sigh- here's my pineapple . Taco bell : O.o ? Piggy : -throws pineapple into the take out window- WHO LIVES IN A PINEAPPLE UNDER THE SEA ?! sPONGE < PROPMALE > SQUARE PANTS !! -drives off- 
Me : I hid from him up a tree :3 , My besty Jessie : ( not listening ) Thats what all the kool kids are doing . 
Jessie : ( climbing a tree ) is the mushroom up here ? Me : but mushrooms don't grow on trees . Jessie : but money does . 
Jessie :( playing kingdom hearts ) =D now i can kill folk . Me : yeah ... wait ! O.o Kill folk ? 
Jessie : ( still playing kingdom hearts ) ooh ooh ooh look a fat guy ! Can I smash em ? this is a bench hehe . moneymoneymoney XD . Kill them ! kill them with fire ! I don't have my fire yet . Where's my fire ? I want my fire . Me : Jump with faith . Jessie : -falls- I have no faith . God has abandoned me . 
Jessie : how am i suppose to kill folk if no ones here ? 
Me : go explore Jessie : if by ' explore ' you mean ' drugs ' than okay . 
Me : why would someone make that ? Jessie : who cares . its funny . ( http://verydemotivational.com/tag/hitler/ 
Jessie : why haven't I leveled yet ? How many of these things do i have to murder ? I will murder the shit out of these things ! 
hate to say I told you so but I told you so . I told you how he was and what he would do but you still took the dive and like i had warned you ended up splattered across his floor . 
one , two , three , four ... Counting off the sleepless nights and restless days on my fingers is so boring but what else is there to do ? 
I need to do my laundry T.T 
I'ma buy a < PROPFEMALE > dress !! 
I am the best stalker ever xD i rule at this game ! 
i wish tomorrow would hurry up and get here . 
Awake and ready to shop xD 
I went swimming xD 
I wish yesterday had gone like my dream because then he would have been there and he would have fallen to sleep next to me =/ 
Whenever I think about him it brings a smile to my face and a bitter sweet feeling to my heart =/ 
Couldn't sleep . Got bored . Dyed my hair =/ 
I should know best what I said and did but apparently I don't so I'm always wrong . 
My dress is done ! 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > bored 
Got my lenses and omg awesome sauce 
Fuck DX my face is breaking out . No one bother me for like to days ! hopefully by then my face will be under control bc this is bullshit . 
my laptop has a veris !! DX 
I feel so ugly today . my face is breaking out and everything Dx and i have to meet someone i havent seen in a long time tomorrow . this is total bullshit . i hate my face . 
its gonna be really hot tomorrow ... what should i wear so as to stay cool while hanging out ? 
< PROPFIRST > dies at the end finally arrived today xD 
I'm kinda getting sick of life ._. its getting on my nerves 
I'm gonna kill something D < 
my laptop got hacked O.o 
fixed my laptop by going back to factory settings . I hate getting viruses ._. 
WARNING : I'm sick and it could be contagious ! I will update this when I am no longer sick . until then don't come over to my house unless your prepared .... with cough medicine because i really need some . D= 
Someone . Anyone . Please bring me cough medicine . I'm dying over here . 
ugh I have school registration tomorrow . T.T so lame . 
\You can't get over love .... until you realize your better off without it . \ " How many times do i have to repeat myself until he understands . " 
i wish i could be in the masquerade ball during geek . kon but i don't have a formal dress or mask and no money to buy one =/ 
RAWR lol 
Your my best friend and you make me come out of my shell and be myself around ppl but at the same time standing in your shadow next to you makes me feel like the most useless person . I hate it when you put yourself down because if what you do isn't good enough then , what does that make what i do ? I know i'm useless and i have no talent . i'm not good at anything , except for making ppl smile . but thats not worth a lot . 
I'm dreading the first day of the new school year 
what the fuck am i suppose to do now ? 
Got back from a weekend at geek . kon xD it was a blast ! can't wait until next year !! 
T_T i can just feel how much of a drag this year is going to be and how much its gonna where me out .. -sigh- good bye sleep i will miss thee 
Things seem to have become more and more grim lately T_T 
Well ... i do believe I've been kicked out of my own house >_> what do I do now ? 
she still makes me wanna vomit 
note to self : predictable 
my dads burning our family to ashes as my mother pokes it with a pitch fork ... there just taking my child hood and ripping things to shreds . the end is near but maybe from these ashes i can make something new in the future . 
i feel so out of the loop . left behind and out of place . why can't i go back in time to the old days . i miss the days when we first met and u didn't like anyone . 
I just want to crawl into a dark whole and die . someone end this bullshit . 
I miss my contacts and can't wait until my new ones arrive xD 
:O i want a hello < PROPFEMALE > contact lens case care thing ! its so cute xD 
so my dad is in the hospital ... the sitch is giving me a head ache T_T 
I'm getting sick of liking guys who don't like me . T_T i wish i was A sexual . 
Blah Blah Fucking Blah thats what ur words mean to me and i wish this day would end < PROPMALE > ready , i wish this week would end , i wish this month , year , decade would end . Can't i crawl into a hole and stay there untl u < PROPMALE > die . i feel this is a good idea 
Apparently I'm depressing .... I can see what they mean : J 
I'm sick of being sick . I want this cold gone D < 
I love halloween xD 
why does my sore throat keep getting worse and worse instead of better D < 
why r all me friends retarded ? 
i miss < PROPFEMALE > Dx 
so my k button is broken to the point i can't even use it anymore . now u wonder \ then how the fuck is she typing all these damn k's ? \ " I'll tell you . copy and paste . " 
wHy Am I sO cOlD ? 
>_> two words that will change your life : < PROPMALE > Potter . 
I just want to go home . 
awkward , awkward , and more awkward . 
I'm so bored I got a twitter ... It was entertaining for the first 10 seconds . I still don't see the attraction . 
stupid , stupid , stupid , stupid ! D < 
Fell asleep at 6am , had to wake up at 9am . Yay for those 3 precious hours of sleep . 
I love utorrent . <3 
Gawd I'm bored 
Blarg 
Happy Holidays everyone . I hope your's are better than mine . 
What the hell did he do ...? No . Never mind . I don't wanna know ._. 
I hate you and your Llama song >:/ 
That picture made my day :3 
What am I getting myself into ? I don't know and I can't seem to care . If I'm making a mistake then let me make it . 
You're kinda pissing me off and I hate you for it . 
I had fun . 
He's not naked he just under dressed . 
