Looks like everyone on facebook had as great a day as I did today . Awesome ! Happy Easter everybody ! 

I saw a video on youtube where a doctor says you have to choices in life : you can either be fat or you can be constantly farting . Tough call ... 
Wrecked the car . I'm very lucky to be alive . Unfortunately , the car might not be for much longer . I HATE CARELESS TRUCKERS !!!! 
I really hope it's true what they say about how chicks dig scars , ' cause I just got a few new ones ... 
Ok , I want to have the greatest 30th birthday party known to man . Any suggestions ? 
Cool shows coming up in Knoxville : 5/21 Mastadon 5/27 < PROPMALE > Young 5/30 < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ( at Harrah's over in Cherokee -- see him before he dies ! ) 7/18 Modest Mouse Who's in ? 
D'oh! Forgot to get my license renewed today . Guess I get to spend a big chunk of my birthday at the DMV tomorrow . Awesome ! 
I'm officially 30 ... 
This was , by far , the strangest birthday i've ever had . Blood was shed . Police were called . And before you ask , no , it wasn't my blood and I was not in trouble . 
Sometimes I want to copy someone's status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
Well apparently I'm the world's biggest douche ... do I at least get a trophy or get to make an acceptance speech or something ? 
Machete may possibly be the single greatest movie in the history of cinema . That was almost too much awesome ! Wow ! 
So am I the only person on facebook who's really , really excited about seeing Danzig in Knoxville in 2 weeks ? 
Apparently , < PROPMALE > Savini is coming to Northeast State to give a talk . Who else thinks this is cool ? 
You have definitely read too much Walking Dead when you're driving home at night and seeing unexpected < PROPFIRST > of people out walking makes you wonder if the zombie apocalypse is upon us . 
eIs anything cool going on this weekend ? It would be nice to get out for the first time in ages . 
I've decided that I'm going to embark on a career as a screenwriter . My first project : The SAW Christmas Special . Who else wants to see this ? 
My brother in law is now arguing with my 3 year old nephew . The kid is winning the debate on points ... 
Wal-Mart hired a band called \angelface\ " to entertain the 200 \ " Twilight\ " fans waiting in line for the new DVD at 11:30 pm on a Fri . They are playing Incubus ' \ " Drive\ " way out of tune and the singer sounds like Urkel . No snarky comment can express how I feel ... " 
Has anyone else noticed that the new Facebook is eerily like the old Myspace ? 
I've got to admit , I liked the way they ended < PROPMALE > this season . 
There's a movie on Showtime called \Royce\ " where < PROPMALE > Belushi is trying to play a badass commando . It's every bit as awkward as it sounds . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everybody ! 
Well , at least I didn't go to the Music City Bowl like I'd wanted to ... 
Looks like I'm spending the night with my mom at the hospital . I nay miss the student teaching meeting tomorrow . Anyone care to fill me in if I can't make it ? 
The doctors confirmed today that mom actually did have a stroke . And they found out it's been at least her third one . 
I can't student teach this semester . Mom can't be left alone anymore and she has no insurance to pay for a sitter . This just got a lot harder . I honestly don't know what to do . 
Mom got to leave the hospital today . Now she's a patient in the nursing home where she worked , but they've been very good to her so far . I hope she can make a full recovery . 
To everyone who's offered their prayers and support regarding my mother over the past several days , I just wanted to say \thank you . \ " . You've been a source of strength in some very trying times and I will always be grateful . " 
Now it's stroke #3 for my mom . That's a hat trick nobody wants . 
We actually had a large number of kids skip school today with their parents ' permission to attend the grand opening of Buffalo Wild Wings . It's good to see this community has its priorities straight . 
Looks like another night at the ER . 
Student teaching just keeps getting better and better ... 
I heard on the radio today that today is the fifth anniversary of the last time < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > said ANYTHING during a session of the Supreme Court . Apparently , Justice Ginsburg challenged him to a game of quiet mouse and never bothered to tell him when the game was over ... 
A new week is here . Hopefully it'll be better than the last one . 
Tomorrow I'm supposed to check my mom into a nursing home . It'll probably for the rest of her life and she's only 55 . Please pray for her . 
This whole < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > thing is interesting . Everyone cheered when Hamilton fired Fulmer a couple of years ago after 18 years as coach and a lifetime as a Vol . < PROPFEMALE>'s only been here for a few years and the reaction's a complete 180 . 
