I hope we all have a Great Year !! It cant get any worse .. Right ? LOL 

baby awake with a fever .. LETS FARM !!! 
Child care provider pet peeve .. When you say your coming at 7 am making you the earliest kid , please SHOW UP .. Lets see ... 8 11 still no show no call .. HOW RUDE !!!!! 
so little update with my new mom drama .. Monday , No show .. I make the rude comment .. Tues , 6:40 am .. She calls to say sorry about Mon can I still bring the kid .. Yes of course .. wed , No show , No call again .. LOL What a mess !!! LOLThurs ... 6:30 , well see 
9:00 Last day care kids left , House is quiet and Husband is still at work .. Whoooo Hope the farm is fixed 
Went to see Up for Danielas birthday . Cute movie .. Oh MY Gosh $79.00 for the movies .. 35 for popcorn and drinks .. Its been awhile since Ive gone to the theatres << LOL 
WOW !! 6:00 Football practice .. Nobody told me that football was a family involved sport .. LOL 
Thinking I might like this 6 football call .. It is now 645 , kids are at field , groceries bought for husbands meals .. adnd 1st shift of kids have arrived ... What a great wife i am .. LOL Let the laughter commence .... 
Had a Great 4th . Thanks to the < PROPMALE > for a great beginning and then Thanks to the Fortners for a Great ending .. 
So Jealous of my brother .. Always knew he had a cool job traveling , But looking at his pics ... really bring it home how cool it is .. He is in Ireland right now .. Wow 
Had a Great lunch with my Dad for his birthday . Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > who watched my day care so I could leave for an hour without extra kids .. 
YEAH !!!!!!! Internet is fixed !!! I Rock .. Who needs computer techs when I can figure it out myself .. LOL 
So ... to all you men out thee .. Something you NEVER say to your Wife ... Wow !!! How much do you weigh ? You are HUGE !!!! LOL and my husband wonders why I HATE him .. LOL 
More on my comment yesterday .. The prob is he is Hispanic and doesnt understand how to say things non bluntly ? Is that the right way to put it/ He thinks we all want to hear the truth , Brutal or not .. Doesnt understand when I get mad . \ Dont you want to " 
So ... Who knew that you cant have a Fax , Phone and your DSL all on the same line .. LOL I guess i do need the tech guy .. LOL 
I never thought that I would look forward to a first aid/CPR class as much as I am .. Yeah ,, All day long = no day care for the day .. Happy Day off .. FINALLY 
So saorry for Daycare parents ... 24 hour flu hit my house Mon , and all kids have gotten sick , three of my own .. So Sorry !! Note to parents though ... If kids throw up before coming to daycare .. DO NOT BRING THEM 
be careful with the Farm town addicts .. I just sent my cousin a pornographic picture with it .. 
Cant we change it so no one has to work until9 or 10 each day .. Whats with being at work by 6:30 or 7 .. LOL Crazy 
Funny !! You never know how much you use your internet until it is down for a few days .. LOL Thank goodness for Radio Shack and just needing new cords . 
So a few days ago I took a quiz .. My personality is Romance .. LOL !!!!!! BUT , I wake up Saturday morning to a HUGE vase of Purple flowers and white roses ... WOW .. Who doesnt want to get kicked out .. LOL .. LOL/ . LOL 
YEAH !!! 7:00 seminary for 16 yr old , check , 7:20 Avid class for 15 yr old , check , 8:05 2nd grader , check , 8:15 13 yr old middle schooler , check , 12:33 NAPTIME ... 4 under 2 and 3 , four year olds , CHECK !!!!! and we get to do it all again ... How many days until summer ????? LOL Oh Yah , Football practice . BLECH >> I really need to learn to like football .. 3 boys , 2 teams after 6 years .. SURE 
Nice ! 5:00 saturdday night all day care has gone home !!! 
Parents with teenage boys , I need help !! We are taking family to Disneyland , 15 year old doesnt want to go . Disneyland is for babies he says . So Do I make him go and make us all miserable , or let him stay home and tick me off 
Awesome night .. Both bous played a GREAT Game !!! Of course our team won !!! Yeah !! 34 to 20 .. Way to go < PROPFIRST > and Brodie 
YEAH !!! Moving back into home that we actually OWN !!! Mortgage pmts .. No more rent .. Packing .. of course I am packing as I am writing .. LOL Moving Friday and Saturday so wont be on again until monday . Keep tending my farm .. Have a great weekend 
WOW !! 6 days of no internet and it takes 90 minutes just to read postings . I havent even started on my requests .. LOL Glad that Im moved and thanks to my friends and my Awesome helper , Ashley , who have made this move easier thatn it could have been 
How is it that I have spent my whole life trying to make every one I know happy .. Family , friends , day care parents .. But in order for ME to be finally happy .. I have to hurt the one person that loves ME the most . 
spending too much time on stupid quizzes .. Need sleep .. LOL 
Ok ,, SO PROUD mommy But also scared . My 145pound sophmore is being moved up to Varsity Football team . Love it cause Im the proud mom , but OH MY GOSH .. those seniors are 200 pounds or more .. OUCH !!!! 
so kinda funny .. My mother -in-law and sis-in-law were here since sunday .. They know NO english , LOL I know perquito Espanol ... I bored them so they left today .. LOL , Oh Well , cant say I didnt try 
Getting Psyched .. Brodies first Varsity game tonight .. ARGHHHH hes only 15 
OK .. So Can I tell ya all .. MY kids ROCK !!!! Codys playing Jv his FIRST year of football .. awesome playing time today , not his fault passes didnt get to him ... Bragging for a minute .. So sorry .. First 4 plays in the game , who tackles 4 times .. Yes it is ... BRODIE !!!! And his sophmore friend Keno .... AWESOME job ... So Proud .. they lost . but awesome game 
\Oh What a beautiful morning !!...... \"" 
Having fun finding my leaders from my youth .. What a great group of people I had surrounding me .. Thank you all my leaders and girls in my < PROPMALE > .. We are a GREAT group of people !!! 
Yeah !! Brodie informed me so nonchalantly that he is defensicve player of the week !!! HELLO >> First Varsity game .. OH YAH !!!! Bragging over .. How do I have such modest kids .. He acted like he didnt even want me to know .. LOL 
hate this weather . My poor daycare kids are all coughing . They are trying to eat .. lol .. it sounds like the seal exhibit at the zoo 
So a little bone to pick with coaches at North High .. Why would you pull a boy up to Varsity .. Play awesome one game and then the next week not play him at all .. I understand that the player he replaced came back .. But then let him go back to JV so he doesnt have to sit out the WHOLE stinking game !!!!!!!! 
If you dont like the new FB , here is how you can change it back to the old . Look to the top left menu and click on MORE . Then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top . After dragging to top , click on it . That becomes your default and it is like before . Pass it on ! 8 hours ago · Comment · Like / Unlike Write a comment ... 
What the Heck is HIGH Blood pressure ???? My life is totally no stress at the moment but my blood pressure disagrees . So now all my bragging of not needing to exercise is in vain .. Guess I gotta start doing something 
So the Dr and this high blood pressure CRUD has gotten me worri < PROPMALE > .. I call < PROPMALE > Dr to find out how high I was .. 153 over 99 .. Guess that is high .. So after going over list of things that I ne < PROPMALE > to change I guess I ne < PROPMALE > to exrcise a little lower stress(husband must leave !!!!! ) and No more Diet Coke .. So I am apologizing early for the soon to be witchy < PROPFEMALE > .. A < PROPFEMALE > without Diet Coke is not a pretty sight .. LOL 
Whew , Last day care kid just left .. Time for bed .. 
So this no diet coke idea .. STUPID !!!! I have the WORST Headache Ive ever had .. I am going to give in , I guess cold turkey is not the way to go .. How about one a day .. Isnt that a vitamin or something ??? Sounds good to me .. LOL 
EXPERIMENT- If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory that pops in your head about you & me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you ! 
Third day of no Diet Coke .. Yesterday head hurt sooo bad I gave in and had half of a can .. So far so good ... Found a new addiction .. Mcdonalds Hot Chocolate .. Hmmmmm 
NO HEADACHE !!!! Diet Coke addiction is over .. Yeah Me .. LOL 
Heading out to the last football game of high school season .. Please let them win !!! 
Yeah nto my boys .. < PROPFIRST > on Jv played a lot but they couldnt quite beat the East . 41 -20 .. Ouch Varsity on the other hand , finally played Brodie again and WHAT ?? Yes tthey WON !!! 28 -20 . AWESOME game . Great for the Seniors to win their last game Way to go NORTH High 
Oh No ! Maybe I need to give him another < PROPMALE > .. HAHAHHAHAHA 
Update on my maid .. She was too busy to come today .. LOL .. HAHAHHAHAHA 
I left my house at 4:00 this morning , found a few good deals , Shopping is Done !! Just need to start my baking now ... 
so sad .. My four day weekend is over and I only accomplished about 3 things on my to do list .. So glad I got to sleep in at least 2 of the days .. 
Wanted : Children to babysit .. If anyone knows anyone that needs childcare in Bakersfield area please send them my direction .. Oildale area .. Thanks ... LOL 
LOL .. Just lost another kid .. Mom lost her job . Maybe ill go back to working at Bobs Big Boy .. If they ever open 
ø¤ < PROPFEMALE > º°¨¨°º¤ø °¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸CHRISTMAS¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤ < PROPFEMALE > º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „CHRISTMAS¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° .... Copy and paste and keep the wave going ! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
I feel bad complaining about our 34 degree weather when you others have it so myuch colder .. I have to go to SVC tomorrow and if this continues I wont get over the grapevine .. Its still closed .. Sorry < PROPFEMALE > , I love you !! 
Pleaase dont rain , Please dont rain , Please dont rain .... Hoping to get through the Grapevine today and come home tonight .. Please dont rain ... 
Yeah !!! Someone is watching over us . After going into X-ray and having the tech move her arm around ... It didnt hurt anymore .... Of course you still need to sit an hour in a half for the dr to say that nothing is wrong !!! 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends ASAP 
off to take 2 boys to driving school . Its about time my 16 yr old learns .. he will be 17 in march .. LOL 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all .. And Happy Hannakuh .. to all .. Not sure the right dates but I didnt want to leave out my Jewish friends in my holiday greetings . Love you all . 
Thank you to my daycare kiddos for my goodies .. Love you all 
Ready for the next batch of kids to help bring in the new year ! Hope all of you stay safe .. Happy New Year !!! 
We are still having fun at MY house !!! How about you ? 
Good morning !!! Cant wait until 9 when these kids get picked up , then I can go to sleep !! 
OK .. This daycare is now closed until 330 this afternoon ... 
Got back from seeing < PROPFEMALE > Hunt show with BF Cherisse ..... Watch tues maybe youll see me in the audience .. 
OK .. So funny , but then seriouslly , If I have said anything on here that has given anyone the wrong idea .. I am sorry !. I AM Married and I am on Facebook because I love all my friends . PAST and Present .. I am only interested in FRIENDSHIP .... I thought only my husband was that jealous ! Again , I apologize 
Heres what happened . I wrote on a guy friends wall from high school , why my husband doesnt want me to connect with high school friends , He assumes I slept my way through Hart High . So his wife thought that i was inappropriate and insinuated that I wanted her husband . I sincerely apolojized to her then posted an apology . The two were sarcastic and insincere apology not accepted .. lol 
Ok .. done with making fun of others .. even though I LOVED everyones comments .. So I was l ; ooking in some things from school and found some little books that we all filled out with info about things we liked in that time .. so , need to know if people want them posted , or if you would like to call me or message me , and I will read you wour answers 
L .. Ok friends from Placerita . < PROPFIRST > Brown Price and I are trying to figure out who Briggy is ??? Does anyone remeber who would have been called that ? 
originally green , now ? 
Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered BABY LOSS or INFERTILITY . ??? The majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss/infertility is a taboo . ??? Break the silence . ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ babies gone too soon but never forgotten , and the babies who were not possible but are so loved . My Baby < PROPFIRST > . 5 months was not long enough to hold . 
Its WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! We're going RETRO !!! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable ( LOL ) we all were !!! 
Its WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! We're going RETRO !!! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable ( LOL ) we all were !!! Since you all laughed at my other one . Can I here an AWWWWWWW 
SO here is Kindergarten .. This is fun !! 
I like this . I can inform everyone at one time . but as of 730 pm i have left a message with my dad but havent talked to him yet , So please dont anyone say anything yet . YES !!!!!!! < PROPFIRST > left . I kinda feel bad that i feel so great .. Danielas comment about him leaving .. \ Maybe with him gone you wont yell so much . right mom ? \"" 
9 years old .. Look at that forehead !! Why didnt my mom get that I needed bangs .. LOL 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and follows 
16yrs old .. YEAH Sound Vibes !!! 
has the guts to say Shame on you < PROPFEMALE > , the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV station . 
OK .. SORRY !!! i was trying to make another happy by NOT challenging her to repost . I dint know that I would delete it all . I was trying to just repost without the 99% wont repost ... Please contine .. It ticks me off that we are struggling while the govt sends money to help others . Someone else had commented that There are still < PROPFEMALE > surviors that would love the money that a telethon would bring . 
A person of true beauty . A girl with such a kind personality that anyone will simply fall in love with . A < PROPFEMALE > will help anyone out without hesitation . They have trusting blue eyes and large bussoms . 
Update for Family and friends that are in area . < PROPFIRST > is getting baptized . March 6th at 1100 is tentative date . I will keep you all informed if it changes . We will have lunch after at my house . Pkease let me know if you can make it 
Does anyone have a recipe for the chicken in chicken haystacks . HOpefully one of the Sanders girls ?? 
Update on Elmers baptism .. Its put off for 2 more weeks . MArch 20th now is the day ! 
Quick quiz question .. Where would I want to eat for my birthday ? Trying to see if I make my likes known or if I really dont tell people , ( my husband ) , what I like . 
How sad that they make the < PROPFEMALE > losers sing .. I was crying so much because the last girl singing the CLIMB was HORRIBLE !!. No wonder she went home 
wishing Heaven had a Facebook so I could send my Mom a request ... 
SO I have some interesting neighbors and I would like some help figuring out what they do .. They have 4 or 5 carloads of people , drums beating and no lights on at night . This happens about twice a week . Today the husband walked out with a dead rooster !!!!!!! Any ideas ? 
Elmers new baptism date is March 27th at 11:00 . He still has to meet with Stake pres again on sunday so I will let everyone know if it changes again . 
To all those out there with teenage daughters who give them grief and to all those who have a daughter who hasn't gotten there yet but one day may , God < PROPMALE > us < PROPFEMALE > and peace and the restraint to just NOT BEAT the living crap out of them at any given moment !! 
says ... You can't scare me .... I\m a Mom " 
My baby is 2 today ! Why do they grow up so fast ? 
Nice day today ! I got to sleep in until 8:00 and I got all the clothes on my daughters bed folded .. Yeah Me !! Daycare kids now playing in the back .. 
< PROPFIRST > Lambert is rocking on < PROPFEMALE > ! I love the song he sang . 
Sometimes you think that nothing is going right , then Surprise ! it all goes right 
OH MY GOSH !!! Phone call from my 15 yr old . Just got kicked out of HIS baseball game !! 1 His friend punched him in face so MINE hit him back with his catchers mitt !! Broke the kids tooth !! Yeah .... Dont push MY kid around .. But crap .. now I have a ticked off dad . What do I do . The kid deserved it , I guess he has been really aggressive for a while and kinda asked for it .. 
Thank Goodness for Mothers with common sense . Mother of kid my son hit called me and thankfully she understands that my kid was just reacting to being hit . Dad still wants me to help pay for dental work ( 2 front teeth were knocked out ) but mom agrees that it's not my fault . Happy Monday !!! 
I got a certificate in the mail today because May 7th is International Provider Appreciation Day ! Who knew ? Hug your provider that day . Flowers or < PROPFEMALE > prob would be cool too ! LOL 
Does anyone have list of things to bring for the pioneer trek ? < PROPFIRST > is on the commitee for it but we lost the info 
Addiction : The act of calling friends in other states to tell them their crops are ready . Enabling : Your friends texting you back so YOU can harvest .. LOL 
I love my calling at church , but i wish we were given more info . I took my kids to a fireside tonight and as im waiting to pick up my kids , there are a lot of parents . I would have liked to go ! 
Good morning ! What a great day ? 
Ok , gotta brag ! My 2yr old by only 20 days has decided that she doesnt need diapers anymore . Dax 3 of going potty all day on toilet . Yeah Me ! 
I need more neighbors in Social City .. Any one else playing this game please be my neighbor ,, Thanks 
oh what a great day ! church , then bday party at park and then down to < PROPFEMALE > for another bday party ! 
6ood Morning 
So my husband brought us a puppy . The getting back together vibe is great ! ( insert sarcasm here)Aren't 5 kids and a daycare enough to clean up after ? Which we all know I don't do That well ! LoL 
poor baby has been puking since 2 am .. Tomorrow will be a Loooong day . Now she is fast asleep and I am not .. 6:15 is going to get here really fast 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filledwith crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go longperiods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend . They will know who you mean . 
Any Farmtowners still playing ? Please send me walnut trees , < PROPFEMALE > trees or cows .. Thanks 
So I REALLY like CafeWorld .. Problem is that it takes about 20 minutes to load and then when I finally can get to cooking my food it freezes .. This stinks .. 
How many of us really know all of the people on our friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how you met me . PLEASE DO THIS FOR ME ! After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this can really be 24 hours from now ! 
I am stunned by some things that people think are important in this world .. 
Happy Birthday to my son Brodie .. 16 yrs old today !!! How did that happen ?? 
Dear daycare parents , I know that ice cream is dairy , but it isnt a good breakfast food !! 
Good morning ! First day of football practice . 6 am ..... summer school at 7:30 , keeping my boys busy . 3 high school football players ! Yeah Me ! 
What a great day ! Not too many daycare kids but enough , fun times at a daycare kids party and ended the night with an almost midnight swim with an Awesome friend . Honestly my life couldnt be better ... 
WoW !! 10 kids on a Saturday . Thank you cash pay drop ins !!! 
YEAH !! Day shift over let the night begin .. 3 kiddos just showed up , Took one kid to a dance other two in separate rooms playing against each other on Xbox .. 
Good night . Daycare all gone , my 5+1 friend on their own ... 
I am going to the reunion picnic on Sunday !! Who else is going and who is going to the reunion sat night ? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s baptism is Sat July 3rd at 5 .. Please let me know if you can come 
im at the park ... No one is here !! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I a party make ... 
Had a lot of fun catching up with friends !! 
Man !!. Internet is down and I cant play my games from my phone :( My farm , city and sweet shop are all going to go to waste .. Augh 
Please Heavenly Father send a flock of seagulls to rid me of this scourge called LICE !!! It has been a month since i have seen one but now a daycare kid has it .... AUGH !!!!! 
WhooHoo !! 30 days until my much needed vacation . I havent had one since my move to texas which was almost 4 yrs ago . I hope to get in as many Utah friends as possible . starting at BYU on aug 2 headed to Vernal . whomever I can hit on my way up will be Awesome !! Back at BYU on the 7th 
cleaning < PROPFEMALE > needed !! Daycare kids all gone but too tired to clean . Lots of people coming over Sat but just too tired ... 
I used a weedwacker today .... Oh My Gosh !!! What FUN !!!!! My next job is the wacker of gardening . I cant stand anything else .. Planting . watering or pulling weeds ... But Love that weedwacker thing .. lOL 
Had a nice day . Thanks to the Fortners for letting me and my daycare kids invade their party . you guys are awesome !! 
at the beach with almost my whole family .. surprise surprise brodie came with .. Its a little cold 72 but sooooo nice . I dont want to go back to 102 degrees .. one daycare kid with me so I kinda got a day off . 
Free movies this week are , Madagascar 2 and Where the wild things are , starts at 10 am at the Marketplace , but get there early 
Is it good or bad that I am smiling after a conversation with the Ex-husband ? The first one .. lol 
whoohoo .. 11:00 pm , 96 degrees and it is raining !!! Love Bakersfield summers .. lol , Hold on California , I feel an earthquake coming !!!! 
So I need Motherly advice .. My 16 yr old wants to go to a diff high school . Do I give in and let him go , we can use Elmers address , he will have his license so I wont have to drive him .. Or do i just say tough and make him suck it up ??? 
OK .. I gave in to Son pressure and all you awesome FB Friends and I am letting him go to Stockdale .. < PROPFIRST > thankfully lives in that area so he will be able to play sports , he is going to \live\ " with him . Now I need to find him a car !!!! " 
Can I tell ya how much I LOVE my job !!! Especially on days when everyone is at Grandmas or Daddies for the day . Thanks for the easy day today ... 
Is it weird that we have been seperated since < PROPFIRST > , yet he wants to take the kids and I to dinner and a movie for our anniversary ? and of course Im going .. He didnt spend this money when we were together , so I will enjoy it now(insert evil LOL ) 
Sorcerers Apprentice is AWESOME !!!! 
13 more days until my VACATION !!!!! 
8 more days until I leave for Utah !!! Don't worry parents , < PROPFIRST > will be here to watch your kids 
Good morning ! Up early to take < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > to camp . They are hiking Mt Whitney . Be safe boys !! 
What a sap I am !! My son just called me from the TOP of Mt < PROPFIRST > to say he loved me and now Im blubbering like the babies I watch . Who knew kids could make you like this ? 
I changed the channel and my 2yr old turns to me and says ... \Hannah Montana mommy ! \"" 
planet 51 or hotel for dogs are the free movies today 
Old photo because I cant find one that I like of me now ! I guess thats a good enough reason to go on a diet .. I don't like my pictures ? LOL 
I would like to take this moment and thank the govt for the WONDERFUL job they are doing !! I got my official letter today stating that due to budget STILL not being passed all payments for child care will not be made !!!! Indefinitely until budget is passed .. Thanks again .. I am working and yet NOT getting paid !!! 
In < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > right now picking up my friend sowe can < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > it out of here !! /ook out Utah < PROPFEMALE > is coming !! 
Up and at em ! Gotta get < PROPFIRST > to Provo .. 
Leaving Vernal onwards to Idaho . Thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , your the best !! Gonna see my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPMALE > tonight . Vacations are kinda fun !!!! 
something is wrong with my messages . I cant access them . If you need to message me just send me a text instead ..... < PROPFEMALE > , i think your the one who wrote something , 
I will be in salt lake this afternoon if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out call me ! 6618085590 
Got to see my cousin < PROPMALE > at his fire station and his wife and their cute kids ! Thanks for letting me tag along .... No one took me up on hanging out so west < PROPFIRST > and south here I come ... 
Ok ... Utah stinks for this California girl that doesnt know her directions !!! North , South , West , East ... crummy freeways . took me 2.5 hours to get semi where I wanted to be and then of course no rooms available . I might end up in someones church parking lot !!! LOL 
Wow !! What a Great day ! Didnt get lost , spent some time with my cousin < PROPFEMALE > , surprised my cousin < PROPFEMALE > , ran into < PROPFEMALE > at Lowes , spent an awesome evening with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > .. I LOVE my family !!!! 
Vacation cut short . Austyn misbehaving at friends so I need to get home .. He is BUSTED .... 
Thanks to all who have offered to take Austyn !!! already left towards home but now we can visit sights back .. Cool Fort days at Cove Fort .. 
So I had an AWESOME vacation !! Ready to love on my day care kids again .. sometimes you just need a break ... My boys are all dead though .. Broken window , broken chairs , food all over .. I guess my 16 yr old isnt old enough to be left alone ...... Thanks < PROPFIRST > for the AWESOME job !! At least my daycare room is clean ! 
Whats with the new format again ? I really don't like 
back to school clothes shopping tonight . Why are clothes sooooo expensive ? 3 boys down , now a 8yr old girl to go ... UGHHHHH 
Anyone else feel like some days your in the Pepto Bismol commercial ? Doesnt help that oven isnt working either so I got a \new one\ " from a yard sale .. Didnt work .. so kids keep bugging me to eat !!! 4ang blasted kids ... LOL " 
I have 70 potential ZOOMATES !! If you play ZOO World , please add me as a mate and send me chocolate factory materials . Thanks 
Daycare kids just left , now to check my cafe , zoo , and country and then off to bed .. LOL . I know they say that our children receive blessings by going to seminary in the morning .. What about us parents that have to drive them ? Do we get blessings too ? 5:30 is too early for me to be getting up .. Can you say crabby daycare provider .. HAHAHAHA .. Not I 
Good Morning ! Back to school !!! Whoo Hoo !! Havent been up this early in years ! Its good for ya to get up early .. Right ? Off to drive 4 kids to seminary , what a great start to the day .. wish I could stay ! 
Thanks for all the reassurances !! I hate the \whoah feel sorry for me \ " posts but that just hit me in the face ! " 
Really !! Flash Flood warning for Kern county ??? Maybe we will get some rain to cool this place down .. Sorry < PROPFEMALE > , No snow 
Really ?!! 3 in the morning and my temp gauge still says its 93 outside !! 
Californians be warned . The state legislature and the governor of California are attempting to eliminate all benefits for welfare to work , including childcare for struggling families . This cannot be allowed . Please Contact Governor < PROPMALE > Schwarzenegger ( 916 ) 445-2841 Senator < PROPFIRST > Florez ( 916 ) 651-4016Assembly Member < PROPFIRST > Fuller ( 916 ) 319-2032 to let them know this can't be allowed and repost it to keep it going 
First week of seminary completed with only one of the four that I drive not making it ! Good job you guys !! One week down , quite a bit more to go .. LOL 
sorry , bragging season has begun !! Brodie just JUMPED in the air , intercepted the ball and ran 20 yards for first touchdown of game !!! whoot !! 
anyone want to do service we need help at the Fruitvale/Norris Park . we are refurbishing benches . Please come and help , we are helping a scout earn his eagle !!! 
What a great day ! had a blast painting park benches and getting to know members of my < PROPMALE > better . Now back to work with daycare kids .. 
< PROPFIRST > this day down .. < PROPFEMALE > has NOTHING to say .... 
Feel better now . Looked at some pics from my vacation that < PROPFEMALE > took .. Ready for another one .. Right after football .. LOL 
sooo tired ! can't sleep .. < PROPFEMALE > , where are you ? 
630 on a holiday is too early to be up . then phone rings and kids arent coming . whoohoo back to bed for an hour !! Now I am up , gotta love my job ! Hours suck but I am lying on my couch with a blanket , no more kids coming until 10 
Getting excited for the boys first game tonight !! Austyn dropped out of football so I just have 2 playing and both on Varsity !! Made shirts to show my spirit ..... But the darn letters won't stay on . I cant even iron on right !!!! LOL 
What an Awesome weekend !! Started Friday with my boys winning their game ! Then Sat , my friends son came home from his mission and another son was baptized . What a GREAT way to make 9/11 a GREAT day . Then today ( a little late to church but I am getting there)_dinner at my brothers .. WOW . and I only have had 1 daycare kid with me .. WHOOHOO .. Love to ya all ! 
woke up late today . Kids were 5 < PROPFEMALE > late to se < PROPFEMALE > ary and I didnt want to drive home and come back so sleeping in church parking lot .. lol , happy monday ! 
cooler weather going on ! I think I smell friendship bread baking ! Anyone have a starter to share ?? I am too lazy to start it myself .. < PROPFEMALE > ? < PROPFEMALE > ? Anyone ? 
Its Friday !! Football tonight in Tehachapi !! GO NORTH ! 
Darn it ! Boys lost . but what a game !!! Played it close and they didn't get slaughtered !!! 19-13 
What a GREAT night ! Thanks for all who came and to those who didn't , we missed you . Next month Oct 29th get ready for our Monster Mash Halloween party . 
Does a momma proud when the reporter on tv comments\Brodie Smith doing his part\ " When he is talking about my boys football game !!! " 
14 years ago Well , I don't know what to say , My son Austyn fought his way into this world !! and is still fighting !! I love my boy ! 
Thank Goodness for nap time .. Something is GREAT with the world when all 6 kiddos are asleep at same time .. Darn I'm good !!!! 
so north is being nice because it is the other teams homecoming !! 27-0 is nice enough !! Lets get going North .. I need some touchdowns ! 
33-6 !!!! at least we go one tchdwn .. half time , maybe next half is OUR turn ! 
34-21 we are coming back .. Last quarter to go !!!! 
48-21 !!! What is wrong with North ??? well , still love ya boys !! 
I just heard on radio < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s new song . Can't say that I hate it ! But as a mom , I would hope that there is more to a teenage dream then just \going all the way \"" 
YEaH !!!! Off to the fair !! wow and I only have 5 kiddos with me !!! 
WOW , Just got a phone call from a woman looking for daycare only 3 days a week . Upset at other provider because provider doesnt pay enough attention to her daughter . doesnt like that provider runs errands . She told me that we get paid to watch her kid so that is what we need to do . run errands on your own time , not hers .. LOLDon't call me back , I have kids from 4:15 am until midnight almost 7 days . When is my free time ? 
LOVELY ,, so I have No late day care kids , I get to go to bed early , 930 whoohoo ... but now look who is already awake !!! ARGHHHH 
101 degrees outside and it is RAINING !!!!! 
HOMECOMING !!!!. Let's prove everone wrong and WIN !!!!!! 
so again my lovely computer .. I get so far in a game that I like and then it freezes so I cant get on . So Sorry Zooers , I can do all but actually get on the zoo .. 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > friends . what time is priesthood session tomorrow . my ex wants to go but i dont know the time 
centenial 32 north zero .. but we are making it hard 
daycare kids gone ! off until 10 am tomorrow , thankful for conference on tv , I am sleeping in !! night all 
Today is another say nothing day .. at least for now .. LOL 
So my moment of saying nothing is over . I am thinking of unfriending a friend on FB because she owes me money and yet always is posting what she is spending money on .. I would rather not know because it kinda makes me mad .. especially since I havent been paid by state either . 
I know I am tempting fate ... But ,, BRING it ON 
at my boys game .. we better win !!! 
first touchdown of game ..... BRODIE SMITH !!!!!! 
North 14 , west 7 
darn it 14-14 
21-21 < PROPMALE > carillo with a 95 yard kick return .. TOUCHDOWN 
BRODIE SMITH Another touchdown !!!!! 28-27 
OH MY GOSH !!!!!! Brodie smith touchdown !!!!!! 
darn it , we lost west 40 ! north 35 .. Brodie smith 3 touchdowns 
so good fore brodie but stinks for Cod .. he didnt play AGAIN !!! 
Sorry for the play by play !! I know there are a few that were interested for the others I apologize . Sometimes I am a TOO proud parent .. wish it could get better for < PROPFIRST > 
OHHHH , I loved where I grew up !! I am walking the paseos right now with my girls . How lucky we were growing up . 
sorry , i was wrong , Brodie didnt get first touchdown .... but he sure got it close !! 
I have the BEST friends on this planet .. I have friendship bread starter headed my way , I have friends helping with my daycare this week , and just when I was gonna hit up the seminary kids for gas money ..., my tank gets filled ! Thank You !! And ..... my parent is going to pay me !!! YEAH ME ! 
Boys football game !! < PROPFIRST > went in ! YEAH . Brodie then intercepted but time ran out . Half time . 6-0 highland 
so my kid just told me NOT to come to his games ! Wow , so glad I am a supportive mom 
So to end the embarrassment of my son I am going to delete previous posts regarding his game .. it is not because of any comments ...... LOL 
Can I just say how good it feels to giggle like a love sick teenager ?? Thats all I'm saying ! and I still LOVE being single 
Daycare Providers nightmare !!! little girl gets finger closed in door and 8 hours later its BROKEN !!!! AND ... its one of the favorites !!! SOOOOO SORRY < PROPFEMALE > ! ( not that its any better if its a bratty kid , but you all know what I mean ) 
Wow ! What a week .. 6 kids lost in ine week .. 4 due to budget cuts and 2 because I suck at telling parents when there kids are hurt . Was supposed to call emergency contact instead of waiting 30 < PROPFEMALE > for parent .. for a smashed finger ... SOOOO Sorry !!!!! Carrows is looking like a great job change !!! 
Football game tonight ! Lets go North !!! Brodie is starting QB , and there are a lot of players out so < PROPFIRST > will prob start also !!! 
north 14 , east 0 
WhooHoo ... North won 23-14 .. I love my boys !! 
How fun !! 4of my FB friends posted pics from Lombardi's today .. wonder if you were all there at the same time 
What a bummer ... The coaches changed my sons number to 16 , but didnt tell any media that they did .. So Hometown Sports was all about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > .. which was really Brodie Smith .. Darn it 
cruddola !!! I took kids to pumpkin patch and then new just called wanting to meet at my house to discuss budget ... Can anyone get there in 5 < PROPFEMALE > to clean for me ???? 
HAHAHAHA 5:00 on channel 29 you will get to see big momma day care provider in all her unmakeuped < PROPFEMALE > !! Sure am glad I'm not self conscience . 
Making 13 pounds of meat to hopefully feed all 42 football players tomorrow for lunch !! My house is going to smell GOOOOOD at about noontime ... Arent ya all jealous !! Ya should be , I dont cook often !! LOL 
North Vs South .. score is 19-0 ... Brodie Smith all three TDs !!!! 
So I get to worry all week for licensing to show up again while i try to prove to them that I am good to my daycare kids and that I DESERVE TO KEEP MY LICENSE ... how do you fight when its your reputation and livlihood that is at stake ? 
my poor < PROPFEMALE > is sick . Coughing so bad she didnt WANT to go trick or treating .. sitting in front of her school so they can get the money for her for showing up but Im taking her right back home to bed .. LOL 
My son < PROPFIRST > got some kind of award for being a humanitarian .. Go < PROPFIRST > !! He gets to follow businessmen around today .. Whoohoo 
WHOOHOO !! Judge overturned the calworks budget cuts .. Meaning that the parents will still ahve their daycare !! Yeah !!! Next , is this for the year or just another band-aid ? 
Kinda funny when the news reporters sound shocked about North winning 3 games in a row ! LOL , congratulations North !! One more to go ! 
LOVE FB !! Found another friend that meant a WHOLE lot to me 10 yrs ago .. Thank goodness for technology ! 
HELP !! I need any video of games played against North this year if anyone has any ! A company that helps recruit kids has called for Brodie but I need video .. When I asked coaches before I was told they dont give away game videos .. So if anyone might have any or know anyone that might have some I will be FIOREVER grateful ! 
North against Garces tonight . Garces won their game last week with 80 points .. PLEASE dont beat us by that much !!!! Or better yet , Why dont WE WIN !!!! YEAH ! 
OK My Highland Manor Friends . I nee WAAAAYYYYYYY more than 2 people attending our Pumpkin social on Sat .. ( even though I think < PROPFEMALE > and I would have a blast !!! ) It would still be nice for a few more to show up .. PLEASE !!!! LOL 
Heading to Fresno tonight . The boys made it to playoffs so off I will go . I have 3 more seats if anyone wants to go . Im leaving at 5 . I love assistants . She will stay and watch my daycare kids so I can go without any extras !! LETS GO NORTH !! 
Brodie got the award .. Hardest Nail in the < PROPFIRST > ! I know its good because he got a cool looking plaque and all ... but it sure sounds funny .. LOL 
So I finally can say that I am thankful for an ex-husband who actually pays his child support on time !! Even though its taken 12 years to get .. LOL , THANK YOU !! 
WOW ! Licensing out agqin , different person here for the same reason . so glad to see out taxpayers money put to work .. whats better is she thinks he will probably be back next week .. Hopefully to close the case .. At least my kitchen has been clean for a month now !!! 
OK , Sound Vibes and Choir friends of Hart High . I found Mrs. Starr !! She is in Arizona and it looks like < PROPMALE > passed away . I havent talked to her yet because I just now found her so I don't know how long ago he passed 
So it is official !! LOL because my kids said it ! I am WEIRD because I am nice !! LOL , Brodie and Austyn have told me that I need to be meaner than I am to people . So look out out .. HAHAHAHAHAHA 
Whoohoo !! Sorcerers Apprentice is out today and I saved to get it . On my was to walmart as soon as my 6 kids get here ... Movie night tonight !! 
Could it really be Love after all these stops and starts ? Or is it just the heart remembering ? Anybody ?? 
So we are supposed to change our profile pic to a cartoon .. I liked the real tv shows .. Land of the lost , hr puffnstuff , sigmund and the sea monsters , bugaboos\ 
... so thats what your getting .. 
I just got a nasty crank text .. LOL .. He said he went to west and when I told him that my 3 sons went to North he then asked me for pics ... NOW he is asking if this is < PROPMALE > .. LOL . OOPS . Wrong Number 
One of my favorites growing up . I remember it was on Sundays at noon and my Mom would get so mad that I was watching < PROPFEMALE > after church .. 
Anyone else on Zoo world have a glitch ? Its a good one . Every time I finish clicking on the hearts they all come back . So I am making a lot of money and XP 
ok . techies . I am trying to load a game and its telling me to refresh my browser . I logged off , got off the internet anfd logged back on , still not working .. HELP 
What a GREAT day ! 
Cousins are the 1st friends of our lives .... When you grow up , they are still your friends ..... Re post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world !!! They may not be a part of your daily life , but they are never far from your thoughts and memories ! 
Cityville neighbors .. I have reached my limit on gifts and getting coins today so you must send me a gift first so I can send you a thank you gift back .. 
cityville friends .. How do I get a white chicken ?? 
Happy Holidays to all my friends ! I am so thankful to have you in my life .. Even if its just by all of our postings .. Have a Great year !! 
Movies on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > is going to be a new tradition !! No one was there and Narnia was an Awesome movie !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and Please dont snow on the grapevine tonight !! I am in < PROPFEMALE > and need to get home .... 
3:00 and off to LAX so boys can go to their dads ! So glad that I am in < PROPFEMALE > and not Bako right now .. Too early to be getting up 
whoohoo ! Hate early mornings but cant beat that I am home in bako by 7 .. No traffic at all to LAX , boys are on their way and Im going back to bed .. LOL . Guess I could've worked today .. sorry . 
I have a few spots left for New years < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Last < PROPMALE > at daycare for New Years < PROPFEMALE > !! I have a few spots left for over night .. Call me 
I have cargo that needs to be unloaded but I have no energy on Cityville if anyone needs goods .. Thanks 
Someone just posted about tornados in missouri ... GREAT !!!!! My BOYS are there !!!!!! Thankfully dad has text me and t was only an F1 where they are .. WHEW !! 
New Years < PROPFEMALE > was a hit !! % kids spent the night and 2 friends of mine stayed up with me .. DEFINITELY doing it again next year !! Happy New Year all my FB friends .. It took me this long to recver .. LOL , 
They say that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long its been or how far away they live & they dont hold grudges they understand that lif is busy . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends i know i have a bunch of them and I am thankful that we can be that way 
FOG ..... Unlike !! 
I am at Basketball game . Frontier v North . frontier is ahead by 10 points but the JERK of a coach doesnt think that it is enough .. 4 < PROPFEMALE > left of game calls timeout , to YELL at boys saying RIDICULOUS .. NICE 
so final score , north lost .. But wow .. Fighting in Baksetball ??? I thought hockey and football were the exciting games to watch .. I need to go to more basketball games ... 
YAY ! finally something to do that the whole family WILL do .. Dance central on xbox 360 ... < PROPFEMALE > is beating Brodie .. he wants a rematch . lol 
Do any Cityville know why I used to be able to gift to 60 neighbors but now I can only gift to 50 ? So this means if you want a gift you need to gift to me .. There is no \its the thought that counts \ " in this game .... " 
It just isn't fair that you can ANONYMOUSLY make a complaint about a daycare , about somethings that dont even make sense and then have all the parents end up getting phone calls that they also dont understand .. So now I guess I have a Rubella and Whooping cough outbreak and I allow puking kids at my house .. SO for all of you with sick kids , call me , I guess my daycare is open for them !!! 
DId anyone on Cityville get the free cash or coins . I posted on walls and on the cv comments and didnt get anything .. How did you get the cash ? 
YAY !! Licensing drama is OVER !! HaHa to the mom that wanted me to lose my license !! When you lie about something as important as someone else's livlihood , they are going to investigate and find the truth .. 
now I can only gift to 40 people on Cityville ? why are we being punished for gifting ??? Game is starting to annoy me !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who ... gets it and follows the instructions ) .. ooooyeahh ... :-) 
yesNICE !!! Boys are out of house , girls are with their dad .. I just took a bubble bath with no one knocking on the door .. Now I am watching a movie .. AHHH the joys of silence !!! 
what a short movie !! quiet time is over .... 
I'm an old sap !! Sitting here crying that Miley and < PROPFEMALE > arent going to be together anymore .. Kinda makes me miss some friends !!! 
Cityville , I have a few mittens and scarves and hats left . If you need them put them on your wish list and I will send them to you 
WOW11 it let me gift to 50 people today .. So what I will do is alternate both ends of alphabet .. Today I started at end tomorrow I will start at beginnig .. for those lucky in the middle will get a gift every day ... 
CV >> I need my crops harvested !! Please !! 
Funny little glitch on my city this morning .. My ships were traveling on my roads .. HAHAH 
Can't even put into words my thoughts about < PROPFIRST>'s passing .. He was the friend that would do ANYTHING he could to help you !! I Love you my friend and will miss you Greatly .. See you on the other side ... 
So my daughter and I just watched Eclipse .. Sorry < PROPFEMALE > , Not impressed ... Books were soooooo much better .. I dont like the acting anymore ... 
I have a cutie patootie 9 month old with a cutie for a daddy ... I was talking to his mil about what a cute pair they ( meaning baby and dad ) were . and she replied .. We were talking how lke HIS mother you are .. meaning the DADS mother ... LOL 
Getting 02 sensor changed without 6 kids ... Heaven ! Thank goodness for assistants !!! Thanks < PROPFIRST > 
What are you parents going to do if I ever get a life and start dating ????.. LOL Have fun watching the fight !! 
Just finished watching Letters to < PROPFEMALE > ... so look out guys from my past ... LOL , I am searching for my \lost\ " Love .... hahahahahaha " 
Totally LOVING Glee tonight !! Awesome that the HOT bad boy likes the \fat\ " girl " 
Had a wonderful day with MY Smith family ! So thankful that even though it has been 10 years since I have spent any time with them that it seemed that no time had passed . Except of cour 
CV neighbors I only need 3 more valentines from people who HAVE NOT sent one yet .. PLEASE 
I have 49 valentnes !! lease < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > could you send me one ??? I just need someone who hasnt sent me one yet .... THANK YOU 
\No one can make us angry . It is our choice . If we < PROPFEMALE > to have a proper spirit with us at all times 
Last basketball game of season and there is a leak in roof due to rain ... how many people can look around to see what to do ? 
52-42 we are ahead .. score keeps going back and forth ... 5 < PROPFEMALE > left of game 
CV ... I need jewelry , furniture or music stores please as franchises .... 
Oh Cityville , Oh Cityville .... Isnt it enough that I feel like I must finish the goal right away ??? But now you show us top visitors and of course I must be number one !!! ARGHHHHHH , Please I need a Cityville anonymous group .. I thought Farm Town was bad .... HELP !!!!! 
Does anyone still need valentines cards on Cityville ? 
\Oh what a BEAUTIFUL morning ... Oh what a beautiful day !! \"" 
Cityville neighbors I need a jewelry store Please 
While on Facebook , look at your URL address ; if you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check at least the first setting , FB defaults to the non-secure setting . Copy and repost 
Yay for payday !! But how is it already all gone ?? 
\Start spreading the news .... Im leaving today .... Im going to be a part of it \"........." 
Snow flakes for a second !!! 
36degrees ??? In bakersfield ? are ya kidding me ... ughhhh , Its COLD !! 
\I have dreamed that your arms are lovely 
This is a sad , sad day .... Facebook is boring ....... Im annoyed with my game ... so I am done ... No one is on to chat ...... HMMMMMMM , 15 more mins then I gotta start the school pick up ... Hellooooooo 
Is it too familiar to say \I love you\ " \ 
I was just told that I could get 50,000 for being a surrogate , and if they use my fertile myrtyle eggs I could get more ... HMMMmmmm how much did I hate being pregnant ????? 
Im a dork .. I sent a seal on cityville to someone but I havent completed the goal yet .. LOL , so now I need a seal !!! LOL 
Shall we dance ? \ 
On a bright cloud of music shall we fly ? \ 
Shall we then say \Goodnight and mean \ " Goodbye\ " ? \ 
ARMY WIVES !!! WhooHoo !!! 
The struggles I'm facing , \ 
The chances I'm taking\ 
Sometimes might knock me down but\ 
No I'm not breaking\ 
I may not know it\ 
But these are the moments that\ 
I'm going to remember most yeah\ 
Just got to keep going\ 
And I , \ 
I got to be strong\ 
Just keep pushing on , cause 
When you're the best of friends\ 
Sharing all that you discover\ 
When that moment has past , will that friendship last ? \ 
Who can say ? There's a way ! \ 
Oh I hope ... I hope it never ends\ 
' Cause you're the best of friends 
CV >> is anyone else having trouble hiring workers for factory ? It takes my money to start the clock ticking but it says I have run out of requests for this application today .. REALLY , it is 6:44 am and I only haave an hour left to hire ... UGHHH 
OK .. Why dont we just not EVER buy gas again .. First I see a post that says Do not buy gas on march 31 . Then I see a post for March 13-17 . Now I see one for March 10th .. Thats today !! OOPS , so I already blew it I needed gas for my lawnmower ... 
CV .... Just clicked on my stupid factory after it wouldnt let me ask for workers , and i STILL got goods .. It was only half of what I should have gotten , but it was something 
. ·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸PRAYER WAVE¸ . ·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . Going out to all those affected in the Pacific and everywhere else affected by the earthquake and tsunami . Keep this going 
Who says Facebook friends and family aren't real friends ? They will start a prayer chain so fast , They talk to you if you're down , send condolences if you've lost someone you love , give you Birthday wishes on your Birthday , enjoy seeing you online everyday , enjoy the photos and videos you post . Re-post if you love your Facebook family and friends . --- I love you all 
Anybody know anything about Yahoo messenger for phone ? I joined it with Facebook so I could chat to my FB friends , but now I can never get off .. LOL , I uninstalled from computer and phone and yet it is still there .. HELP !! 
It is my babies 18th Birthday today !!! I dont know how I feel .. WOW !! taking 5 pizzas to school for lunch for him , thankfully he knows its the little things that matter ... I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
I am going to bed right now , so please dont try to chat with me on facebook .. there is some glitch with my yahoo messenger and FB so it will look like I am on here but im not .... FB doesnt ever log me off .. Just message me please if ya want to talk .. 
OK .. going to bed for real now ... LOL , 8 more days then I am floating at sea .... Whoohoo .. Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > who will be running my daycare while I am gone .. I love that I never have to close .... 
I have posted this before , but I dont think you can ever tell someone you love them or are thankful for them too much .... So here it is again ..... \Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately ... Re-post if you have some of the BEST cousins in the world \"" 
Army Wives is on .. Goodnight !! 
Leaving in 4 days .. Hope my birth certificate gets here .... 
Anyone want to go on a cruise this weekend ??? Friend can't go , BooHoo :( so now we have an extra ticket . $250.00 will get you there .... 
OK .. Anybody want 3 tickets for a cruise tomorrow , March 25 , leaving out of Long Beach , ca tomorrow , going to Ensenada and back on Monday 28th . Tickets are $250 a piece Please let me know , can only change names on tickets until 6pm \ 
tonight ca time .. 661-808-5590 .. I can take payments .. LOL 
thanks < PROPFEMALE > , tickets are sold !!! 
who got kicked off american idol tonight 
whoohoo , state line .. watch out < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Mesquite .. 
nothing better than driving with your friends blaring 80s music !!! 
35 degrees in < PROPFEMALE > utah !! Guess I need to go buy a jacket .. lol , not quite as warm as my cruising weather . 
My techie friends ... Is there a way I can use my phones internet to make my laptop work ? 
we are in moab utah .... anyone i know near here ? 
enjoying my vacation 
is driving thru beaver , ut 
is in cedar city 
Is driving thru st < PROPFIRST > 
Bobs big boy !!!!! 
Vacation was a Blast ! So glad to have friends that can change plans quickly , and still be positive ! 
Why is the first day back from a vacation the WORST day EVER !!! 
if one of your game playing neighbors makes your day by taking the time to send you a gift , or helps you out , then let them know how much you appreciate them by reposting this ! I have a lot of neighbors I have never met , but have enjoyed the interaction here on facebook , and being a small part of their lives . Thank you ALL for making my game playing more fun 
I make mistakes being a Mom , more than I would like to admit , but I'll always be there for you , to hear you , to cheer you , to laugh & cry with you , to protect you with my life , and to love you for eternity with all my heart . No one on this earth will ever love you more than I do , ever ! I'm your MOM !! 
Wonderful .. I am friends on facebook with MOST of my kids friends , but 2 of my boys have blocked me from their wall and or deleted me from their friends list .. REALLY ??? Sure do hope you dont want those phones or a car anymore !!!! JERKS ! 
Last daycare kid gone ... Goodnight , I am closed !! see ya in the AM ... 
