HMW 

834 
I've a textable ( and callable ) phone again : 405-443-6785 ( same number ) . 
You suck . :) 
I've made suuuuuuuch a mess . :S 
How's a mathematics/sociology-criminology double < PROPMALE > sound ? Freaking awesome . Of course , there are more practical decisions , but I think that some practicality should be sacrificed in favor of personal enjoyment . :} 
Bunanuz ar urbz . 
I think someone shouted at me while I was walking ... but I have no idea who . Was it any of you ? 
Want you to make me feel like I'm the only girl in the world . 
I have a hard time talking .... My words have a tendency to come out in blobs . 
Up at a reasonable hour , with adequate sleep ? PREPOSTEROUS ! 
Oooh , look at me prune my friends . IAMSOBADASS . ;) 
Best two days of college yet . 
All exceptions are exceptional . Oooohhhhh . 
:) I like to mess with some of you . Can any of you guess which ones of you I like to mess with ? :D 
I was going to take the Mensa test tomorrow .... But I've since decided that in reality , the only benefit of being a Mensa member would be to have the capacity to say , \You can't argue with me . I'm in Mensa . \"" 
Presumably , since the student code makes no mention of climbing trees , it is alright to do . Arson isn't though . 
I keep buying salty snacks despite the fact that I have seven pounds of Cheddar < PROPFIRST > CHEEZ-IT® Baked Snack Crackers right here in my room . 
I went and got a bike . It's SO COOL . 
I am dying of thirst , but I can't open this stupid water bottle . 
Bored out of my mind . :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D : 
My bicycle's front tire is already flat . ??? :'( 
Lemme smang it girl . 
I tend to avoid stimulants ( e.g. caffeine ) because I don't want to become dependent , like most of you fools . :D \ 
\ 
So when I do ingest a fair amount of caffeine , the effects are like WHOA ! \ 
... \ 
WHOA ! 
\We all know that children result from the joining of a woman's egg with a man's sperm . \ " ... WHAT ?!?! " 
Slept for 9 hours , and I'm still crazy tired . :| 
Lol . I am currently revising the worst essay ever written . It's like someone wrote it with the sole intent of pissing their teacher off ... and then peed on it . 
I've been dizzy all day . It's really trippy . I've decided not to be worried . 
Time for today's second bike ride ! Seems I've found a new hobby . :D 
puzzlesriddles.com has numerous clever challenges . I haven't looked at or solved all of them yet , but overall they look reasonably difficult . 
YOU'RE ALL TOO SEXY FOR YOUR SHIRTS . 
We were doing peer revision in my comp class , and I told this girl , in short , that even though her ideas and point were good and reasonably clear , her grammar ( which was pretty awful ) detracted pretty strongly from her essay's legitimacy and that she should find someone to help her with it . See below . 
TEE < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
BIKE RIDE IN THE RAIN SHOOP SHOOP ! 
GET SKYPE ON YOUR MOBILE SO YOU CAN CALL PEOPLE WITH YOUR CELL PHONE !!! :D :D :D :D 
Riding my bike alongside cars makes me feel really anxious . : X 
Went to the Huf for the first time today ( and only ran ) .... I've a lot of work to do .... \ 
I scheduled a meeting with a PT to help me figure out where I go from wherever it is that I am . : X 
Four mile bike ride against the wind . Holy shazow . \ 
The ride back wasn't so bad though . XD 
If you buy the ingredients to a cake , have you bought a cake ? 
I can't find my social security card .... D: 
First six minute mile ! Feels good . Now I just have to double the distance and keep the pace for a 12-minute two-mile .... :D 
I am a bad swimmer . DX\ 
So much work , so little time . And I have to keep my GPA up as well . : X This new stress is actually kind of fun , I have to admit . \ 
Also , I had my first muscle cramp today . It was painful . In my mind , I was like ... OH GOD WHAT DO I DO ??? I decided gently poking it was the way to go . 
I guess I'm going to cut my hair .... Wish me luck ! \ 
I've never done it before . :3 
I hope the wind goes away someday . It's pretty inconvenient . 
Oh hey . It's spring break ! 
I forgot I had an essay due at 6:00 p , until 15 minutes ago . \ 
I submitted it , with two minutes to spare , but it's only 75% of the required length , and it's easily the most terrible piece of prose that I have ever written . lol\ 
Thankfully , it wasn't a particularly important assignment . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Buntin needs to put forth a song ! : < 
\Wind : SE at 3 mph\ " :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD " 
So who of my friends are on campus for any notable duration of Spring Break ? 
I love it when campus is this dead ... but there isn't any food . 
< PROPFIRST > Roeschley and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Buntin , I think another day would be best for our adventure to Thunderbird . 
I thought Batman Returns was such a great movie , when I was little . \ 
It's so bad . So , so bad . : X 
\The penguins are moving above ground . \"" 
Should all facebook posts be permanent , or should they be deleted when they've outlived their purpose ? 
Strangest thing ever : I was just sitting here , reading ( something entirely unfunny and vaguely technical ) , and I was overcome with ... extreme joy . I couldn't stop smiling and laughing for like 5 minutes . Never happened before . \ 
OMG BIG MOONS CAUSE INEXPLICABLE HAPPINESS . ( jk ) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
When you really listen to music ... it gets a lot crappier . At least the music I typically listen to . :( 
A salad from BK ? What an intriguing concept . 
I was staring out the window when I realized just how cool it would be to be able to look out and see trees as tall as the towers . It's kind of lame being above every tree , even though I'm only on floor 6 . : X 
When I told my advisor that I would not be returning next year , I felt almost as though I was doing something immoral . I guess that's what happens when you find , after ten years of looking forward to something , that it simply isn't what you want . :O 
Wow < PROPFEMALE > Spektor is good . So good , in fact , that I now consider her my favorite artist whose only current legitimate competition might be Feist ( I haven't really listened to much from her ) . 
Had a blast this weekend . My first time riding four-wheelers was pretty rough . XD 
