is at home chillaxin . 

has been distracted . It's time to get myself in gear for the new year . 
doesn't understand all the games on fb . I've gotten a million farmville gifts and have no idea what to do with them . I'm now getting zoo animals too . 
just took down the Christmas tree . I was kind of glad to see it go this year . 
wants to stay in and hide out for a while . Everything is safer that way . 
is contemplating the highlights in my life that have taken place in 2010 . What a year ! Welcome 2011 ! I'm ready for the ride ! 
is freezing and not looking forward to getting out today . I'm feeling confused . It kind of feels like I'm back in Michigan and not Tennessee :( 
thinks facebook is the devil ! I got on the computer to do more productive things somehow got sucked into being on here instead ! 
was late waking up today . Tomorrow I will get < PROPMALE > to school on time ! 
saw the coolest thing when I was coming back from doing the laundry . A fox(yes folks a real fox in Hendersonville suberbia ) was limping through the parking lot and grassy area . I ran up to it him to try and help him and he took off into a run :( Maybe approaching a wild animal wasn't my grandest plan ever , but my < PROPFEMALE > to touch everything took over momentarily . 
thought I was going to win something cool by taking those quizzes ... but didn't :( 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends ! Before you do that , answer me first . 
is wanting mother nature to bring on the snow . I want to see this 6 inches we're supposed to get . < PROPMALE>'s school canceled and we have an ample food supply and snowmen that need to be built ! 
pink 
just realized I look like some kind of pervert by liking all your status updates . I'm not I swear ! 
is wondering why everyone in the Nashville area is freaking out over the snow . It is only a dusting people . I used to build snow forts and snow furniture for the interior . With this snow you can't even build a decent snow man . It is miserably cold for no reason :( 
Leave a 1-word comment that you think best describes me . It can be only 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
was going to go to bed hours ago ! I ended up watching the Tudors on Showtime on Demand and missed out on some much needed rest . Now it's time for some beauty rest and I'm going to need lots of it :) 
is sucking down my coffee and enjoying every drop ! Where would the world be without legal stimulants ? AAAHHHHHHHHHH 
is now getting off the computer for the night . These quizzes are addictive ! 
is tired of < PROPFEMALE > Wars ! It's time for < PROPMALE > to move onto the next phase !!!!! 
is wondering why Sumner County schools are closed tomorrow . Looks like < PROPMALE > and I will be hanging out again tomorrow :) 
is gonna get my Fringe on tonight . Woohoo ! 
is hoping the car will pass emissions testing today even though the check engine light is still blaring back at me . We gotta keep Nahville green right ? In the meantime I have expired tags and haven't been able to get out much ! 
is amazed at the strangeness of life sometimes . 
is thankful for the sunshine today . 
is cracking up at < PROPMALE > !!!! He's singing TNT by AC DC . That's just not right !!!!! 
has checked off a few more things on my \to do\ " list . " 
fell asleep on the couch and < PROPMALE > thought it was time to party ! 
is bothered by this status update . Our country was founded on religious freedoms and all cultures having equal rights . Furthermore , I don't remember Christ disrespecting people for the language they speak , or having a different belief system . Here are the posts I'm seeing : 
was informed by < PROPMALE > that his middle toe is the one that doesn't stink because that is the toe where the water runs when he showers ! ewwwwwwwwwwww ! 
just found out that AquaSand is some of the messiest stuff on Earth !!!! Parents beware !!!! 
For the record : I did cry while watching the Titanic . I'm such a softie I cry when those Humane Society commercials play , and I still can't watch the Disney version of The Little Matchstick Girl or Brother Bear ! 
woke up in a cold appartment . I think my heater must have broken down in the middle of the night :( 
is spinning my wheels in the mud lately . 
is hoping it doesn't snow this time ! 
is sending my good joojoo into the cosmos so that the crazy winter weather will just skip over us ! 
is going to go play with < PROPMALE > in the snow . Here's to hoping he doesn't pelt me with snowballs !!! He's going down !!! :) 
is wondering who else has a Twitter account . I just started one and I don't get how to use it ! 
isn't at all surprised ! I'm curious to see how many consecutive weeks go by this time before it happens . 
doesn't have to wake up early in the morning tomorrow !!!!! School's cancelled !!!! Whoot Whoot !!!! 
completely ran out of laundry today so I've been walking back and forth to the complex laundromat in a coat , boxer shorts , and knee high boots . The funny thing is , people around the complex keep stopping me to chat , asking how I'm feeling ! 
is wide awake and can't sleep . This sucks :( 
is wondering if it's wrong to admit that you're going to lose your sanity if your kid is out of school one more day ! Since winter break , Sumner county schools have cancelled class more than they've actually attended . 
sixth straight day ..... no school . I'm starting to twitch a little , but I think I'll survive ! 
is going to celebrate tomorrow by having a quiet day for reflection . 
wants to thank you guys for my birthday wishes :) XO 
is feelin ' the love . Thanks everyone !!!! 
Try to remember your power to influence the World around you . Put out love and patient energy and soon others around you will mirrior that . 
can't find my phone ! Will someone who's awake please call me . It has to be in the apartment somewhere ! Let's just hope it's not on silent ! 
whew .... Just found it !!!! Never mind ! Thanks < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
thinks each individual creates her life like a sculpture . She can chip away the unwanted peices from the material that's already there , or she can also add other materials to it , to create something totally different . 
is kind of baffled ... but whatever ! 
< PROPMALE > really wants to t.p. someone's house so he asked me if we could do it ! My inner child wants to break out the solid black clothes and the ski masks , but unfortunately I have to wear the \mommy shoes\ " and say \ " no \"!" 
woke up to a surprise . I checked the school cancellations just to be funny , and guess what ? Sumner County is out yet again ! I'm glad I checked before we got in the car ! 
finally got a call back today ! It's at least encouraging ! 
is blue today .... Smooth as glass and cool as the sea . 
Goodmorning sunshine !!!!! 
thinks the \poke\ " function sounds kinda gross . The sick things is I've been \ " poked\ " by my mom !!! " 
just got back home from Walmart . That place makes me feel completely scatter-brained . I'm not sure why . Maybe it's the lighting , or the fact that it's sensory overload ! 
thought it was mildly amusing that I got invited by one of the hospital oncologists to go to a special banquet held for those who have donated their tumors to further cancer research . What an interesting social event ! 
It's officially < PROPFIRST>'s Day in Nashville ! Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day everyone !!!! xoxoxoxoxoxo !!!! 
is at home cuddled up on the couch with a sick kid . My poor baby woke up with a sore throat and earache . There's been no monkey business today :( 
< PROPMALE > has been lying on the couch all day , so he's gotta be sick ! All I can get him to eat is beef jerky and popsicles . 
Yay !!!! No school for < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! 
thinks that maybe I should stop making such impulsive decisions . 
is wondering if any of my Adagio peeps have < PROPFEMALE > Albers's number . I lost it and would like to get ahold of her today . 
has an interview tomorrow !!!!!!! Thank God !!!!!! 
is laughing right now . What are the alternatives ? 
is happy this weekend is here . It should be fun ! 
is hoping the sunshine will come back so I can play outside . 
is a poster girl with no poster . 
WTF .... It's snowing in Nashville !!!! This weather is cooky !!!! 
noticed today on my homepage that I have recieved multiple pokings ! I have to tell you all that I'm just not that kind of girl !!!! 
wants you to do that trick . The one where you open your mouth and your face disappears ! 
just doesn't have the energy to expend at the moment . It's strange how certain situations in life , and some people , can leave you drained , and scratching your head in bewilderment . I'm checking out for a while . 
is going to be cleaning up kiddie puke all night . Good times ! 
loves my word of the day . Temporize :v . to be indecisive or evasive in order to gain time . I bet I can use this a bunch lately . 
Everyone has a right to life . If someone can't afford health insurance , and he is not offered coverage through his job , what are his options ? The people who work for a living are not the ones others are carrying . The people who work for a living are the ones dying because they can't afford to pay up front healthcare . 
thinks it's mildly amusing that on the back of my bag of cashews it says : Manufactered on equipment that processes nuts . 
It was Kennedy , you'll recall , who insisted that health care was \a fundamental right and not a privilege . \ " That's why it's not just legitimate to use reconciliation to complete the work on health reform . It would be immoral to do otherwise and thereby let a phony argument about process get in the way of health coverage for 30 million Americans " 
is super super excited and hopeful !!!!!! 
is looking forward to seeing Mamma Mia with my favorite ladies tonight ! That will get me through my potentially awkward day . 
had a wonderful time seeing Mamma Mia ! I've never seen so many 40+ year old women shaking their booties ! It was a blast . Overall it has been a very positive day ! Now to get some rest . Tomorrow is so important ! 
had a lovely day with my favorite guy . We < PROPMALE > out in the park , fed the geese , and played . It's time to get some rest and put some drops in my ear . I feel an infection coming on :( 
is going to work my magic today :) 
is going to watch 2012 tonight by myself . Hopefully it won't freak me out and I'll be able to sleep . 
is going to clean out the car today . They could use footage of my car in an episode of Hoarders ! 
never realized that I'm so bad-mannered and rude until today . I was talking to my mom on the phone , while standing in line at Sephora , because I needed her credit card information so that I could return some things for her . When the woman in front of me finished her transaction she told me that it was very rude of me to talk on the phone while waiting in line . I , unfortunately , never got the memo . 
aahhhhh .... More sunshine !!!! 
is hoping some good luck will come my way soon ! 
wonders how you discipline your child when you're fighting the urge to laugh ! I told < PROPMALE > about the time my gym teacher was mean to me . He then asked me where he could find the guy so he could give him a good kick in the nuts ! Gotta love outside influences ! 
might be adding another member of the family into the Moore household tomorrow ! 
and < PROPMALE > are welcoming Lucky into our family ! :) 
has a sick kiddo on my hands . Looks like we will be staying in today . :( 
is keeping < PROPMALE > at home today . He gets a free pass from school . I'm just wondering how much more < PROPFEMALE > Wars I can take before I go cooko bananas ! 
has a terrible headache ... ugh . 
is looking forward to my day of peace and quiet ! 
is going to bask in the warm sunshine today ! 
is turning in early tonight . I had a wonderful weekend but tomorrow ends my medical leave and staycation ! Back to the grind !!! 
loves mornings !!! 
is trying to figure out what to do with my surprise day off ! Maybe I'll finish cleaning the car ... Maybe not ! 
is wondering when I should start building the arc ! 
I am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off , I work through the day and some of the night , I am under paid and over worked now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a ...... MOM . ? Thought this was cute , got it from a friend ! See More 
ended up with a surprise day off and really enjoyed it ! 
just has to get through my work day and then my fun weekend begins ! 
wants to wish all my friends and family a happy Easter/Passover .... which ever applies to you . :) 
had a wonderful Easter !!!! 
is finding it difficult to go into work after my three day weekend . The weather is so beautiful I'd rather go outside and play ! 
Seriously dictionary.com? ?!!! My word of the day is .... land of Nod : n . sleep .... How lame !!! Or maybe it's even more lame that I subscribe to have a word of the day . I'm not completely sure ! =~) 
The 4 hour gap in my schedule is ricockulous ! 
had an awesome start to my weekend . Now it's time to go get the kiddo and get ready later for \girls ' night in\ " at my place ! " 
is sick in spite of trying to convince myself that I'm not . Ugh ... 
is trying to figure out how my day is going to go . I could have a day off ... or it could be hella busy ... I never know ! 
woke up this morning feelin like P . Diddy ! 
is loving the irony lately ! 
so .... How's that weather ? 
is feeling spent at the moment . 
had the funniest client today . He told me that he would never date a massage therapist after having an appointment with me because he would fear getting his ass whooped ! Too funny :) 
< PROPMALE > just asked me if he could get an agent ! Wow ! 
is apparently a true Michigander ! 
on the floor by the front door . 
is okay ! 
drives even slower while being tailgated ! 
feels like I'm playing a game of PacMan while trying to get around the water submerged city . 
is wondering how long my drive into work will take from Hendersonville to Nashville today . Does anyone know if Viatnam Vets has been reopened , or how long it will take me ? 
knows when to bow gracefully and exit the room . 
wants to thank all my family and friends for the mothers day wishes yesterday ! 
is feeling the zen . 
is feeling nuttier than a fruitcake ... but what's new ? 
All the works of man have their origin in creative fantasy . What right have we then to depreciate imagination . ~ Carl Jung ~ 
The mind is everything . What you think you become . \ 
\ 
Buddha 
Everything has its beauty but not everyone sees it . ~ Confusius ~ 
And whatever you ask in prayer , you will receive , if you have faith . \ 
~ Jesus Christ ~ 
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it . \ 
~ Albert Einstein ~ 
just saw a bicycle with a motor on it going down 11th Ave ! How awesome is that ??!! 
You must be the change you wish to see in the world . ~ Gandhi ~ 
is about to take the real age test . I'm feeling pretty confident because I eat nuts every day . This is sure to add an extra five years ! 
is cleaning like a mad woman ! This apartment will feel my frustration !!! 
Let us more and more insist on raising funds of\ 
love , of kindness , of understanding , of peace . Money will come if we\ 
seek first the Kingdom of God - the rest will be given . \ 
~ Mother Teresa ~ 
is going to go batty ! < PROPMALE > is break dancing to < PROPMALE > Paisley ! I can't stand country music but allow freedom of expression in my household ! I'm rethinking that approach at the moment ! 
is bored with my hair . Does anyone have any haircut ideas that would go with my very French looking bangs ? 
now has some direction after fumbling in the dark for a spell . The cool thing is that once I make up my mind I don't stop until it's done . My stubborness can at times work in my favor . 
can't wait for Beauty and the Beast with my ladies tonight ! 
got the most awesome text today ! It said : Happy fathers day to the wonderful mother that's all the father her child will ever need ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! I do want to wish a happy fathers day to all the great dads out there and all the mothers who have to be both ! 
is hot , tired , and not quite sure right now . 
is smelling stinky fumes right now !!!! Ewwwww 
is trying to get all my ducks in a row and my poop in a group ! 
is disappointed with myself because I ate nothing but junk food today . I could always use the excuse that my boss \twisted my arm\ " to eat the cake she made after I ate McDonalds ! " 
is pooped ! I cleaned out my car today . That took two trashbags . I also cleaned and organized two closets on top of working ! I really have to stop throwing things in the closets so that I can pretend the house is clean . I'm on a mission to stop being such a hot mess ! I'm hoping this time it lasts longer than a couple of weeks . I swear , I think my brain short circuits when it comes to having organization skills ! 
doesn't like being mean ! It takes too much energy . 
is high on cold medicine ... and I kinda like it ! 
is so over it ! Time for mean < PROPFEMALE > to make an appearance ! 
finished out the work week this afternoon ... Then ... Back to work on Sunday ! 
made it the entire day without getting called into work . I'm going to the pool and not taking the phone since I no longer have to be ready to jump in the car and drive to an appointment at a moments notice . I will return all calls later . Now time for sunshine ! 
woke up with a foot in my back ! Hopefully < PROPMALE > won't have anymore nightmares . He's getting too big to sleep in my bed ! 
has decided not to care . It's really a lot easier that way . 
wonders why southern people ask how you're doing and then walk away before you can answer . It's just weird ! If you don't care , why must you ask ? 
is in the boro today for a trade show . 
slept for over 8 hours . I think I needed that even though I feel a bit sluggish . 
is amazed at how time seems to be speeding up and slipping through my fingers with age . I wish I could go back and stop time on those happy moments where anything seemed possible and hold them in my hands . If only ... 
is amazed at how time seems to be speeding up and slipping through my fingers with age . I wish I could go back and stop time on those happy moments where anything seemed possible and hold them in my hands . If only . 
loves it when < PROPMALE > and I have laid back , snuggley mornings . Affection from an eight year old boy comes sporadically , so I snatch it up when I can . It makes being a mom during the tough times worth it ! 
still proudly remains a Twilight and True Blood virgin ! I refuse to conform to pop culture ! 
wonders sometimes if anybody really gets me .... 
got a much needed recharge today ! What a blast ! 
realized that I have to do back to school shopping this weekend . This means that I'm going to have to fight the crazed crowd of parents at the local Wal-mart . Let the pandemonium begin !!! 
is about to take < PROPMALE > to get his hair cut for school . Not without a fight though ! He's such a little hippie ! 
feels well rested once again . 
really enjoyed seeing Cats and Dogs with < PROPMALE > today ! 
got my e-cigs in yesterday ! Day 2 ... No smoking . 
will undoubtedly show up for work tomorrow with tear streaks down my face . Tomorrow is < PROPMALE>'s first day of third grade . I think I get more nervous than he does . All day I will worry whether he likes his new teacher , or whether he is making new friends ! Ugh ! 
wishes Sumner Co . schools communicated things better ! Everyone showed up for school this morning thinking there was class and it's still an inservice day ! The kids don't start until Friday . We did get to meet the teacher , see the classroom , and get the paper work . 
has lived as a non smoker for almost a week and doesn't want to punch anyone yet ! Go me ! 
wonders how < PROPMALE>'s first day of third grade is going . I can't wait to pick him up and hear all about it ! 
is happy to have a very relaxed , fun-filled evening ! 
isn't defined by my car , where I live , my stuff , or my profession . These are just stops along my way and will continue to change . 
is super excited about my 3 day weekend ! I want to take < PROPMALE > to do something fun ! Just a couple more days ... 
can't stand this crazy heat anymore ! I thought I lived in Tennessee ... Not hell !! 
doesn't want this weekend to end for a number of reasons . Life is full of interesting surprises . 
is such a dork . I realized today the lyrics to the song were aahh ohh gotta let go . I've been singing ahh ohh Galileo ! LOL ... I hope nobody has heard me sing it that way ! 
loves being surrounded by positive , kind , uplifting people . Those who make fun of people , speak critically of others , or are not able to empathize , appear arrogant , but are really insecure . I have figured out that you can not change that type of person by arguing with them . That puts you at their level . So , I < PROPMALE > out those kind of people like yesterday's trash . 
is hoping mister sun makes an appearance today ! 
actually agreed with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > this morning on his stance about the Muslims building their place of worship where they want . He spoke of religious tolerance and freedoms . Is < PROPMALE > going liberal on us ?!?? 
is all sunshine and rainbows today . 
needs to get a video camera . < PROPMALE > was dancing around without a shirt like < PROPFIRST > Mouse in the old black and white cartoons . He looked like a wiggly skeleton ! He's too funny ! 
Massage Therapy friends : I just found an at home package deal for my c.e.u.s. It's $455 for 50 hours . Is this ligit ? 
is celebrating my Friday today ! Yay for the weekend ! 
is going out with my mom to see < PROPFEMALE > Merchant tonight . 
had a blast ! Now it's time for bed so that I can start my work week . 
hasn't been feeling like myself for the past few days . I don't feel well and my fuse is very short . 
feels like a drill sergeant most mornings . What do eight year old boys have against hygiene anyways ?!? 
has decided to come down with a cold . I'm too busy to be sick right now ! 
got some much needed answers today .... Good ! 
wishes I had a three day weekend . One day I will have a big girl job with payed holidays . 
is feeling much better ! That virus really knocked me for a loop . Maybe that will be the only time I will get sick this year . 
has a cat who decided to go on a peeing spree ! She peed on a basket of clean clothes , my comforter , and my throw pillows ! I've never had this problem ... Ever ! Any suggestions ? 
is appalled by the hatred and ugliness I see in the World . I guess the only thing I can do is stand up for what is right and educate my son so I will at least know that I have done my part . 
had a seriously bad day ! < PROPMALE > and I are displaced because our apartment flooded and the ceiling callapsed :( 
is very lucky to have such a great support system . Now to just get over this hump of craziness ! 
is waiting on my car while it gets repaired . Oh what a week ! 
is really hoping my apartment gets fixed sometime this century ! At least I have the day off work tomorrow ! 
is moving today ! Unfortunately the only thing my apartment complex has available is a bigger unit with a fire place and an extra bathroom ... Darn ! No more crazy sea shell bathtub for me either ! 
had a hair mishap today . Looks like I'll be wearing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > bangs for a few weeks . Oh well ... I think I can rock it . 
now has time to relax ! The move is complete ! Yay ! To top it off , Monday night < PROPMALE > gave me a \spa pedicure\ " and < PROPFIRST > brought me a flower . Sweet :) " 
has been on the computer for the past three hours doing my c . e . u's . I feel cross eyed but I have completed 11 hours . Just 45 more hours to complete by the end of the year ! I have a feeling I'm going to be pulling a lot of all-nighters ! It doesn't pay to be a procrastinator ! 
is spiritually tired ! 
forgot school pictures for < PROPMALE > were today . I realized it when I dropped him off at school and everyone was dressed up for the occasion ! Oh well ... He kind of likes being the rebel anyways . 
finds it incredibly difficult to wake up in the morning now that my apartment faces north . I miss the morning sun blaring in my window , signaling my body to start the day . I'm now going to have to get a more annoying alarm . 
is looking forward to going to the festival today . The weather is absolute perfection ! 
is back at work starting another week . My day off went by entirely too fast yesterday ! 
has been eating a mostly unprocessed , plant based diet again , and feels better because of it . 
likes it by the front door ! 
is glad I opted to take my whole two days off this weekend . I feel refreshed already ! 
Lord .... Give me < PROPFEMALE > today please . Mine is wearing a little thin at the moment ! 
really needs a vacation ... 
is not very happy with < PROPMALE>'s gym teacher at the moment . The class where he gets help with his learning disabilities ran over which made him , and two other kids late for gym . He made those kids run three extra laps , even though they tried to explain why they were tardy ! < PROPMALE > came home upset because he got into trouble . That gym teacher isn't going to like me tomorrow ! 
hypothesizes that God has a massive sense of humor . 
Even the < PROPMALE > are hungry for love , for being cared for , for being wanted , for having someone to call their own . \ 
Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
is excited about things to come . Sometimes change can be a good thing even though it can be scary and unsettling . 
is ready to partay ! It's almost time to celebrate Tasina turning 9 last week and < PROPMALE > turning 9 next week ! Why don't people R.S.V.P. ? I have no idea who is turning out at the party ! 
is happy that the kids had a nice birthday party . :) 
is hoping .... 
is praying my student loans don't auto draft within the next couple of days . It's so annoying when payday is supposed to fall on Saturday and I don't get my check until after 6 on Monday ! It makes me sweat ! 
is running on prayer and utter faith lately . 
is ready to see what surprises the day has waiting for me ! It's entirely possible that I've had too much coffee this morning ! 
is super excited !!!! 
gave birth to a beautiful baby boy at 12:30 p.m. nine years ago today ! Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
has systematically removed the a@$holes from my < PROPFEMALE > and hopefully my life ! 
is having a cozy weekend ... 
now understands that ignorance is bliss .... If you're not nosey about what people think of you , and never ask , your feelings are left in tact . 
should be really happy right now .... 
decided to treat myself for lunch and got some roasted toasted and baked tofu and pumkin quinoa salad .... Mmmmmm ! 
is turning in my completed packet today and hopefully will have time to get finger printed . The next step in the process is to hurry up and wait for a few weeks .... Then ... inspection time . If all goes well I will soon own my OWN business ! 
is about to start my busy day of errands . I feel like Mrs. Dalloway .... 
is going as myself tonight . That is an interesting costume ! 
was totally manipulated tonight ! The good news is : Come hell or high water I'll be on to something better in the next few weeks ! 
urges everyone to get out and vote ! I dug up my registration card last week just for this occasion ! Just remember ... If you don't vote , then you have no right to complain about the issues . 
has a little boy who is faking sick today . 
doesn't have to go into work until 2 again today ! Yay ! I'm going to take this time that I've been so generously given , and work on my continuing education hours . 
is feeling :-) :-) :-) !!!! 
wants to break out my dancing shoes ! 
is singing \the final countdown\ " ... Four more days !!! " 
continues the count down ! Three more days ! 
is almost home free !!! Yay ! 
has left the building ! 
is so excited about my new endeavor ! I want to thank everyone for their well wishes and kind words of support ! 
knows some of the coolest people and is proud to call them my friends ! Thanks current and past Adagio girls for getting together to celebrate my departure . I also have the sweetest boyfriend who organized my mani-pedi today with his friend . You guys are so awesome and I love yous ! 
is all ready for my big day tomorrow ! 
is breathing deeply , putting one foot in front of the other , and walking through the new door . Here goes nothing .... 
is sorry if you got an email from me about improving your libido ! Hackers broke into my email account and sent a bunch of spam ! 
hopes things get better for a dear friend ! She will know when she reads this . I love you and keep your < PROPFEMALE > up ! 
is starting to feel more at ease ... 
just met a friend who rocks Cricket too ! 
could really use some lazy time right now ! 
has so much to be thankful for this Thanksgiving ! I love my family and friends so much ! 
is going to the preds game with my guys tonight . 
has a food hangover ! I can't wait to get back to my normal diet ! 
got new hair today ... And I think it looks fabulous ! 
is starting to feel better now ! That stomach virus kicked my butt ! 
is a bit overwhelmed with the loose ends I need to tie up by the end of the year ! Waiting on my last check that I was supposed to have on the 1st isn't helping matters much . 
is wearing my lucky < PROPFEMALE > beads , my Venezuelan luck beads , and my lucky greenstone . A girl can never wear too many good luck charms at once . 
is blown away .... I'm a blessed girl ... Thanks Dad ! 
Day 1 of myezdeals.com has been awesome ! There are only 2 days left ! Relax knowing that you not only treating yourself , but also contributing to < PROPFEMALE>'s Club ! Thank you everyone for your support ! 
wants everyone to know that if you bought the massages through myezdeals as gifts , you can come into trumps and they will make gift certificates that you can present to the recipient . This is the last day to snag this amazing deal ! 
is nervous about < PROPMALE > going on his field trip today . The back roads are still icy and it's already started sleeting over here . 
got lash extensions from < PROPFEMALE > today . They look Amazing !!! < PROPFIRST > Kardashian ... Eat your heart out ! 
is so glad < PROPFIRST > was in that class with me tonight ! What a fun filled Saturday night ! 
Hmmm ... That was awkward .... 
wants to wish all my family and friends a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
had a wonderful Christmas ! Not just because of the gadgets , jewelry , and the other gifts . I feel I have so much to celebrate this year and I'm looking forward to see what 2011 brings ! 
wonders if my neighbor knows the walls are incredibly thin and I can hear him singing \Blue Christmas\ " very clearly . I'm not going to tell him because I enjoy the free entertainment every afternoon ! " 
Is playing with my new gadget . 
has all the loose ends tied . Procrastination won't be happening in 2011 ! 
can only imagine that the questions that < PROPMALE > has been asking are going continue to get more awkward as he gets older . My method of answering his questions by turning it around and asking him questions isn't going to hold up much longer . Raising a boy is definitely interesting ! 
has been needing more sleep lately . Not really sure what's up with that . 
hates when it snows here . The city has literally shut down . I guess I should have joined the masses and stockpiled food . 
is still cracking up over what < PROPMALE > said this morning . Unfortunately it isn't appropriate to post . 
thinks the schools were a bit silly for cancelling today . It was nothing but warm sunshine ! 
wishes Calgon really would take me away ! Talk about false advertising ! 
has to show my liberal love today with a quote from Dr. King . \ 
~ Like an unchecked cancer , hate corrodes the personality and eats away its vital unity . Hate destroys a man's sense of values\ 
and his objectivity . It causes him to describe the beautiful as ugly and the ugly as beautiful , and to confuse the true with the false\ 
and the false with the true . ~ \ 
Well said ! Let's take today to honor a beautiful human being . 
is going to the pound today :( 
is finally feeling more like myself . That makes everyone elses life easier . 
feels like having a party to celebrate the return school . Hopefully yesterday was the last day for unnecessary school closings ! 
Mama's mad ! 
knows things will eventually be awesome ... 
Find me on betterfly @ www.betterfly.com/aliciamassage 
had a small victory yesterday ! 
thought I had a solid lead on Phoenix . It turns out it wasn't him :( 
apparently some of my old clients have been trying to find me over the internet ... so ... That's why I'm not using my maiden name on f.b. for a while . Some of them have been reaching me through my betterfly account . Cool ! 
is another year older today ! Wohoo ... Time for reflection . 
has to get through my busy work day ... Then ... Off to < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFIRST > for dinner ! Thank you for all the beautiful birthday wishes ! 
realized today that < PROPMALE > and I must have the fastest metabolisms known to man ! I took stock of the refrigerator today and noticed that I have to do another big grocery shop . When I asked myself what happened to all the food I just bought I realized we in fact ate it all ! 
thought it might be weird to hire someone to clean my rented apartment ... so ... I must unleash my cleaning fury ! 
noticed just now that my legs are starting to look like a road map of L.A. ! What's up with that ?!? Guess it's time to start getting spray tans ! 
got called stupid today by some random man at the gas station for the way I parked my car . While it's entirely possible that I may be stupid , I'm at least a nice person with manners . I suppose if I had a choice between being a smart a@$hole or a stupid nice person , stupid is going to win hands down . Other than that I had a good day today . I had to take < PROPMALE > to work with me and he was a perfect angel ! 
is heartbroken ! < PROPMALE > told me that he doesn't want me to go to his Valentines day party at school for the first time ever ! He says that I embarrass him ! I think I'm a cool and hip mom . I miss the days when he told total strangers that he had the prettiest mom . So , what do I do ? Do I show up anyways , or do I just not go ? 
Has new hair again . < PROPFEMALE > did a fabulous job ! Deep red and black tips look so fun ! 
just watched \Waiting for Superman\ " and isn't quite sure how I feel about the teachers unions anymore . Hmmmm ... " 
thinks my < PROPMALE > looks incredibly handsome in his new glasses ! Big surprise that he's near sighted ! 
has been missing my girlfriends ! We need to do a girls ' night soon ! 
< PROPMALE > has such an interesting way of looking at things . Today in the car he told me that rain , sunrises , and sunsets remind him of things eroding . Erosion makes him sad . Hmmm ... I'm not entirely sure I see the correlation there . I did however point out that natural erosion created the Grand Canyon so it's not a sad thing . 
is going to the science center today . Wohoo ! 
at this moment in time is happy . 
loves < PROPMALE>'s teacher . Doesn't like the public school system though ! 
just realized that when I write or send texts I use the exclamation < PROPFIRST > a LOT ! I'm I that excitable when I'm speaking ? 
wonders why fathers don't take a more active role . You'd think they could at least show up at the time they said they would . Instead , little boys pace back and forth while staring out the window waiting to see the car pull up ! 
is happy that < PROPMALE > is a dorky sci-fi fanatic like me ! We sat and watched Enemy Mines tonight and enjoyed every minute of it . 
After all , what goes into your mouth will not defile you ; rather , it's what comes out of your mouth that will defile you . \ 
just got home . My car broke down on the way to get < PROPMALE > . A nice gentleman stopped to help me . Luckily he wasn't the < PROPMALE > Bundy type ! 
Only had to spend 100 bucks at Autozone to fix the car . Yay ! 
Guess I just got dumped ... no I don't want to talk about it . 
loves cramming everything I can into the weekend so when I go back to work , I'm tired . 
< PROPMALE > wants me to wax the peach fuzz on his upper lip . He keeps saying it looks stupid ! The teenage years are going to be interesting for sure ! 
loves me some < PROPMALE > Green on a < PROPFEMALE > day ! 
Has time available to do a 9:30 am massage tommorow . If you would like to fill this spot call trumps at 385-9898 . 
saw a sign for a cornhole tournament today . I know it's a southern game involving bean bags , but for some reason it just sounds nasty to me ! 
< PROPMALE > is jamming out to some hillbilly gospel music this morning . He says he likes it . Oh boy ... I need some more coffee ... and a set of earplugs ! Maybe I should rethink my theory on free expression in the house . Nah ... I'll just break out a set of spoons to play along with the banjo music , along with doing my interpretive dance ! That will teach him ! 
thinks I'll go on an all day hiking extravaganza tomorrow to celebrate the arrival of spring ! 
You know you're a girl when you do your hair and makeup before going hiking ! 
wohoo ! No more student loans ! Now to get back in school and rack up some more and knock out the medical debt ! I'm a happy girl ! 
is terrible at math , but suddenly becomes a mathematician in the morning when calculating things I can cut out of my morning routine in order to hit the snooze switch one more time . 
Is it possible for a nine year old boy to become hormonal already ? Lately I've had to do lots of time outs to shut down petty arguments . The time outs are more for me so I can breathe and pray for < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is about to conduct a science experiment with < PROPMALE > involving eggs , epsom salt , and hopefully the growth of crystals inside the eggs within a few days . I really hope this works because I could only find epsom salt with eucalyptus oil in it . 
Yup ... just got picked by the massage board for another random audit . I'm so lucky I think I need to start playing the lotto . The luck seems to be tilted one way way though . 
is crazy excited about the future . 
just made my doctors appointment for next week . I'm hoping all this pain is caused by something minor . I need a break from any more < PROPMALE > medical procedures for at least a few years ! 
got on my computer to do something online and now can't remember what ! Darn facebook and your stupid luring capabilities ! 
played an April fools joke for the first time ever . I have to say I don't like it . Yeah , I made my mom cry today ! I just don't have what it takes to be a prankster I guess . I only did it because < PROPFEMALE > got me this morning ! 
has a question for my massage therapist folks . I have 8 hours of ethics . Will I get in trouble for taking extra hours in ethics ? I'm using it toward my 25 total hours . I took two hours in person and 6 online . Let me know because I'm sweating this audit ! 
had a blast with my guy at the motown concert last night ! What a great show ! 
