i lick the gun when i'm done cus revenge tastes so sweet ... <3 

how long have i been in this storm , so overwhelmed by the ocean's shapeless form , water's getting hard to tread with these waves crashing over my head . if i could just see you , everything would be alright , if i see you , this darkness will turn to light . and i'll walk on water , and you will catch me if i fall . 
It's a relief hanging with old friends and realizing , even after a year went by , that things are still the same between all of you . & hearts ; 
I would be angry if I looked cracked out all the time too :( 
Sing me something soft , sad and delicate or loud and out of key , sing me anything . 
I cannot breathe . I hate being sick . :( 
Even though my boyfriend is a stinky butthead , i still love him :) Can't wait to go up to be with < PROPMALE > familia number two for Christmas , and my amazing family for Christmas < PROPFEMALE > :) 
i think about your face , and how i fall into your eyes , the outline i draw around the one that i call mine :) 
Going on a crazy hunt for my camera charger . What a waste . My 800 dollar camera has been off for months . ugh . 
It's crazy how much good one person can do , and how big of an impact several people coming together can have on that one person . I'm in awe . 
left blind by the brightness of your halo , no one shines like you do . it's left me crawling , crawling to you . 
Had a really awesome new years < PROPFEMALE > ! :) it's 1111 make wishes all day and make them happen throughout the year ! :) 
\I didn't shave til like freshman year cus I started to look like a mexican\ " - < PROPMALE > hahaha " 
Some people .... Just try too hard . 
loves Zach Nowlin with all her heart :) 
I took every < PROPMALE > to lash my tongue and you wore the scabs just like an angel , there's something about you .. 
Hot pink <3 
so what if it hurts me , so what if i break down ? so what if this world runs me off the edge , my feet run off the ground , i gotta find my place , gotta hear my sound . i just want to be happy , yeah , i'm just trying to be happy . 
( 817 ): The worst mistakes make the best memories . Write that down . 
and i swear to everything when i leave this earth it's gonna be on both feet , never knees in the dirt :) having a goooddddd day today . work is sailing by :D 
:) I'm truly blessed . 
I'm not where I need to be but thank God I'm not where I used to be . <3 
Just don't tell em all I've gone crazy , that I'm still strung out over you . Tell em anything you want to , just don't tell em all the truth . I still need you , yeah that's the truth . I still love you , baby that's the truth . 
I'm a little scared to hold you close , because I just might never ever let you go . 
Damned if I do , Damned if I don't . It's been a great day so far ! :/ 
I have nothing . 
Oh Florida please be still tonight , don't disturb this love of mine . Look how he's so serene , you've gotta help me out and count the stars to form the lines and find the words we'll sing in time . I wanna keep him dreaming , it's my one wish-oh forget this . I'm outdated , overrated , morning seems so far away . 
Good night with good friends ... after that one left .. hahahaha . 
the TRUTH is the only thing that's ever going to be constant . 
I need some caffiene . 
Born to run underneath the stars , I pay no mind to my lonely heart . I just ride , ride till I'm back in your arms again , I'll be out here on the wind . 
I was born to run underneath the stars , I pay no mind to my lonely heart . I just ride , ride til I'm back in your arms again I'll be out here on the wind . 
< PROPFEMALE > out with a bunch of losers , they'll bring out the worst in you . :) 
\I keep my exes around because I can't bear to let go of the parts of me that love(d ) them \"" 
SHIVERING . I don't understand why my bedroom is this cold ? 
I really can't tolerate some people anymore ... don't say one thing and do another , you people are terribly selfish . but WHATEVER . 
once you seep in under my skin , there's nothin in this world that could wash you away ... 
I pray your brakes go out runnin ' down a hill , I pray a flower pot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like I'd like to , I pray your birthday comes and nobody calls , I pray you're flyin ' high when your engine stalls , I pray all your dreams never come true , just know wherever you are < PROPFEMALE > , I pray for you . 
Some people have a really hard time just being HAPPY for others instead of JEALOUS because of their shortcomings . I'm sorry you have to be that way , but I'm not going to let it get to me anymore . 
Frustrated signing up for classes . Ugh . 
I guess I'm the opposite of suicidal ; I feel so dead , and I want to be ALIVE . 
you keep telling me to be glad for what we had while we had it , that the brightest flame burns out the quickest , which means you saw us as a candle and I saw us as the sun . 
Mine and big sistersss birthday dinner tonight with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Feazell , Wolf Keller , < PROPMALE > Flynn , < PROPFEMALE > E , < PROPFEMALE > Wettengal , and < PROPFIRST > Parent !! <3 Should be fun , a whole lotta people I love a whole lotta lotttt !!! :D 
God gave you them shoes to fit you . So put them on and wear them , and be you . You are beautiful . 
you say i should be thankful for what we had while we had it , that the brightest flame burns out the quickest . so that means that you saw us as a candle , and i saw us as the sun . 
outside the door it's an endless dream , inside your world it's security and relief . you've got your safety , but are you really free ? 
I want you to know , with everything I won't let this go . These words are my heart and soul . 
I'm thinking back , but I'm wishing forward .. & hearts ; God bless you , < PROPFEMALE > Capps ; you're my very best friend&hearts ; 
I guess I got confused somewhere , thinking I was Mrs. Right . 
Call me a sinner , call me a saint ; Tell me it's over , I'll still love you the same . 
IF you run a business you shouldn't < PROPMALE > everyone who gives you MONEY away . IF someone asks a question or tries to get in TOUCH with you , you should try EQUALLY as hard to get in touch with them to answer ! Come ON ! 
St. Patricks day partyyy with so many friends tonight :) SHOULD BE a good time ! NOT looking forward to doing what I have to do RIGHT after work though , I'm getting a LITTLE irritated . 
Gotta love a nice , decent downgrade ! Thanks babe ! :D 
If I had eyes in the back of my head , I would have told you that you looked good as I walked away . Sometimes time doesn't heal , no not at all . Just stand still while we fall . 
< PROPMALE > Ovens is a pain in my ass . AND . I am going to miss < PROPFEMALE > Capps SOOOO much but I'm sure she will be home soon !!! Feel better , < PROPFEMALE > Feazell , your cats in a safer place now . 
If dinosaurs roamed the earth ... 
I hope you come down with something they can't diagnose , don't have a cure for . 
Rainy , poopy weather . But it's still a good day ! I don't work today or tomorrow , so that's something to look forward to . What's up everybody ? How are ya'll doinnnn ? :) 
I love craigslist . http://tampa.craigslist.org/hil/pol/1649392776.html 
Goodnight ! <3 
I hate when vitamins taste ewwie and they make me gag . Why can't everything be sugarcoated ? 
When the lights go out , we'll be safe and sound . We'll take control of the world like it's all we have to hold onto , and we'll be a dream . <3 Snugglin ' up with my puppy and blankets in my COMFY bed and watching Hurt Locker . :D 
GORGEOUS day today ! 76 degrees and sunnyyyy . Loveee you , Florida ! Mom got rear ended and , if everything goes over well , we're still going to see The Last Song with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Steph&Company . If it doesn't , well then dinner&home night tonight .. which isn't horrible . 
I've met a lot of people in my life , some I never want to forget and some I'll ALWAYS regret . <3 
Happy Easter !! 
Studying at the pool all day tomorrow , then going to < PROPFEMALE > out at the barn for the rest of the day :) yupp sounds like a sunnyyy way to spend my day . Whew . <33 
You caught me off guard , now I'm running and screaming . 
Studied at the pool alllllll day . HOW IN THE HELL DOES A TAN PERSON GET THIS BURNT !? Goodness gracious me . 
Outside ... Studying . 300 pages in the past two days . :/ oh my goodness . I am so burnt out on this . 
God is my strength when I am weak , He gives me the POWER to fight for what I want , what I need ; to better my life for ME . 
I miss your blue eyes , how you kiss me at night , I miss the way we sleep like there's no sunrise , like the taste of your smile , I miss the way we breathe . I miss everything about you , I can't believe I still want you after all the things we've been through . 
:) having a wonderful day ! even though it looks like it's going to rain ? ewww .. 
When you're dull as a freaking < PROPFIRST > chalkboard , don't think you can treat people like crap and maintain friendships . You sure ain't gettin ' by on your good looks . 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I love you . Go to work , do your best , and don't outsmart your common sense . Never let your prayin ' knees get lazy , and LOVE LIKE CRAZY . 
I wish everybody would see things more positively . Just a few short weeks ago I was negative about almost everything in life ! It's important to realize things WILL get better but only if you WORK at it and actually BELIEVE it can happen . I am working at it , I believe it will happen . And through faith , and a whole lot of effort on my part ; I will become who I want to be ! You should try it :) 
I really want an ipad . That would be most of the money I have saved for a bike though ... Dannngg . I think an ipad might be just a < PROPMALE > cooler . :D oh and thanks for the flowers boy , we can go to the < PROPFEMALE > . ( You know who you are . ) BEAUTIFUL WEATHER :D 
I can see the sun is much brighter today :) 
\Can that fit in my mouth ? .... probably BUT do I want it to ??? \ " -my seester . Sick ass . Ahhaha she's talking about lettuce . " 
Discretionary warning from < PROPFEMALE > and Jamie : NEVER fall off your wii fit board ...... 
Lunnncchh ! Nice weather again ! Feedin ' < PROPFEMALE > and Chevy tonight then its back home to study . I have not had a social life for two weeks now , but it will pay off !! :) 
I know its hard to see it now , but someday baby you are going to flyyy :) 
Didn't study at all , did something much more worthwhile . Because I've realized family really does come first , because I come first to them - and they're all number one in my life also . Hope you all had lovely days , goodnight ! :) 
I dislike that friends q&a junk . if you're going to say mean things about me , then delete me off your facebook friends because apparently we're not really friends :) but most things are nice .. but as you know 100 nice things can't stand up to 5 mean things . LAME . 
THE SKY IS THE LIMIT ! :) 
Nothing heals chapped lips like A&D ointment . But it's so gross !! 
So tired of the headaches . :( I think a week+ straight of headaches that can't be fixed with medicine is enough , don't you think ? I don't even know what to do anymore . :( 
He's so darling ! :) 
I love Pandora . :) 
All my life I've been looking for the PERFECT Tapout tee shirt . So today I hear I have a letter from < PROPFEMALE > , so I'm like PENPALS ! ROCK ON !!!! Nope . It's a teeshirt , a letter , and a class list for UNF . THANK YOU BRI !!! I'M SO LUCKY to have a friend like you !! <3 It is so cute and I finally can see what I'm up against for 10-11 and your letter was so cute ! As always ! I still have the card you sent me too ! <3 
I could go back to every laugh , but I don't wanna go there anymore . Thanks for trying ! But I'm just a part of your past now and I'm beyond GONE ! Find someone new for once ! 
The new $100 dollar < PROPMALE > is pretty awesome :) 
You're gonna miss this , you're gonna want this back , you're gonna wish these days hadn't gone by so fast . This is the good life , just take a good look around , you may not know it now but you're gonna miss thissssssssssssssss . 
Has anger management issues . HM . 
Oh boy , oh boy .. count your lucky stars , count what you've been wishing for . Oh boy , oh boy , count the life you lead ; count that you are now adored ... <3 MJC :)))) 
We'll never fall if we stand for something :) 
Work , we're getting audited today . It happens about once a year , but it's still super nerveracking and whatnot . I know we won't fail , but why was I one of TWO tellers that were selected to take the stupid exam ? GOSHHH !! :p * breathes * I have confidence and faith that it will be okay . Oh , and < PROPFIRST > . HAVE A BETTER DAY AT WORK TODAY !!! FOOL ! :) hahaha 
We did well on our audit :) I was randomly selected to be quizzed twice . It sucked but I only got one wrong :) feelin ' kinda down though , no clue why . Goodnight ! 
One thing I've learned is to not feel bad for other peoples mistakes . Be strong even if they do say sorry and want to make it up to you . I'm SICK of second , third , fourth , fifth < PROPMALE > s ! ONE < PROPMALE > . That's all you get . DON'T mess it up . :) 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now ... 
I miss the way we sleep like there's no sunrise , like the taste of your smile , i miss the way we breathe . But I never told you what I should have said , no I never told you I just held it in . 
oh boy , oh boy count your luckyt stars , count what you've been wishing for . oh boy , oh boy , count the life you lead , count how you are now adored . <33 
Old friends , it's crazy how much joy they can bring back into your life ... <33 
Horrible mood . My positivity ran away . I can't wait til church Saturday . :) 
It's our world , we make it spin , and ya'll the pray ; AMEN . <3 with miss BRI !! Watchin ' our babygirl tear up the fieeeellldd aha 
< PROPMALE > THAT . 
Negative attitudes are like yawning , or even laughing . They rub off . UGHHH ! 
I think I forgot everything I learned in math class .. I guess it's one of those things you need to keep practicing or it leaves your mind .. I wish I could remember math like I remember all the people who piss me off . BUT thankfully I have some great friends helping me out ... JUST KIDDING !!! hahahaha ... ha . wow . 
we've gotta LIVE like we're dying ! 
I can't win !!! If I argue people get mad , if I don't argue and stay indifferent people get mad !!! Whaaaaattt is going onnnnn ? 
It's better to have loved and lost than to have stayed with an idiot :) 
God is love&&hate is satan . 
<3 imma be what i set out to be no doubt , undoubtedly&to anyone who looks down on me , i'm tearin ' down your balcony ; i'm raisin ' the bar , shootin ' for the < PROPFEMALE > but i'm too busy gazing at the stars and i feel amazing . :) 
At the beach with < PROPFIRST > :) the sun is briiight at 85 degrees .. Super warm water and big awesome waves :) hellooo tannn ! 
Had an awesome day :) < PROPFIRST > knows how to show someone a good time haha .. Face es muy burnt , however ... :O 
Trying to rebuild some broken bridges ... 
Free microdermals at a reputable piercer in exchange to be a piercer who knows how to do microdermals but hasn't done them on a person yet ? I'll take it !!!!! 
I am unbelievably tired ! I can't wait to get out of work , feed the horses , and go home to my warm comfy bed for a nappie !! 
So if you really love me this is how you let me know ; don't ever let me go . That's how you let me know . :) 
Sometimes wishes things were different .. But I guess it's okay the way they're going . 
I'm givin ' up on love cus love's given up on me . I've given everything I had and everything I got was bad , life aint hard but it's too long livin ' like some country song . 
cluuuub . can't wait to work at 8:30 ! :O ughhh ! 
I don’t want to rewrite our history . I just don’t want our history to write our future . 
Shawty imma only tell ya this once , you the illest :) happy bday to leahbean ! Hop on the 20 train !!! 
I'm goin crazy ; I think about you every single day , every second , every minute , every prayer I pray to get you back in my arms , what I'd give you to have you around . Every night I lie awake cus I can't sleep , midnight to morning feels like a damn week . I miss you so much I can barely breathe , you are my everything . 
... who stole my MOJO ?! lolllll 
I've gotta change a lot of things , starting with ME . 
Honestly , I'm pretty interested . It's really too bad I can't trust you as far as I could throw you . :/ I spent the wholeee day on the beach/in the pool with < PROPFIRST > ! It was a great day , I love that girl !!! :) 
Done wasting my time :) goodnight ! 
Definitely done trying to make others happy :) SO DONE . I need to live for mememeee !!! 
you find your faith has been lost and shaken , you take back what's been taken , get on your knees and dig down deep YOU CAN DO WHAT YOU THINK IS IMPOSSIBLE . keep on believing and don't give in , it'll come and make you whole again ; it always will , it always does . LOVE IS UNSTOPPABLE . <3 
Adventure island with < PROPFIRST > !!! < PROPFIRST > !!! Sissyy !!! And BESTFRIENDBRI !!!! It's gonna be a good day !!! <3 
If you can't stand the way this place is , take yourself to higher places . 
This world has nothing for me , I will follow You . <3 
Somebody's gonna give you a lesson on leavin ' , somebody's gonna give you back what you've been givin ' and I hope that I'm around to watch ' um knock you down . It's like you to love em and leave em its like you to have loved me and left me it's like you to do that sorta thing , over and over again ... You're a fool hearted man . 
You honestly perplex me ; it's like you can't live with or without me . :O 
It's the life I love&I'm gonna live it ' til they bury me . I can't get enough of dirt roads and < PROPFIRST > fields and the simple things . And I take pride in everything I've got ' Cause I'm American-born and country by the grace of God . 
Had a really great night even though I didn't like the menu and then got an almost still mooing steak . He definitely made me smile , a lot more than I have in a long time :) 
I am so tired !!! * yawnnn * ready to go home already and take a nice , long nap :) 
We've waited far too long to watch it all crash and fall through ; so when you feel like shit you've just gotta keep pushin ' . If you saw the world through my eyes then you wouldn't feel so high rise . It's time you take a < PROPMALE > , you've gotta sit back and hold tight . There's forces working in our heads and we don't understand them , I need a map to find my way ... 
World can't hold me , too much ambition . :) 
I just set em up to knock um down l-o-v-e is just another word I never learned to pronounce . 
Can't stand people assuming , especially when they're constantly assuming wrong . And , for the record , I AM always right . :) 
Ooooh you've got me down on my knees and oooh in my mind I can see how perfect everything could be if I could change your mind ... 
Just got home , it honestly feels nice . I need to spend more time here with the best family in the world <3 
I love FROZEN peanut butter and jelly sammiches . And my sweet angel doggy sleepin next to me ! AND getting home at decent times :D 
Full of regret . I love you < PROPFIRST > , I guess you going back to Iraq came too quick , and I'm sorry I didn't see you as much as I would have liked . Two more months and you're back home with your family ! <3 
I finally put it all together , that nothing really lasts forever . I had to make a choice that was not mine , I had to say goodbye for the last time ... 
Just because I'm losin ' , doesn't mean I'm lost . This is the world that we're livin ' , one minute you're the hero and then next you're the villain . Next stop ? TO THE TOP . <3 
I'm not where I need to be , but thank God I'm not where I used to be . <3 my life ! 
I want to make you feel beautiful all the time ; I want to make you feel the way I feel every time I look at you . <3 
You know , I always thought somebody could only take soooo much . I don't know when I will finally break . I just went in my room to cry , like always . I need to move out . 
I feel shame ; not for the wrong that I have done , but for the right that I have failed to do . 
I don't know why it amuses me when people don't like me . But hahah ! Daaaang . 
I love when time before work goes by slowly and I can sit around and do nothing before I go . :) It's niiiiiice <3 
I wonder why brunettes dye their hair orangey blonde ...?! Over at < PROPFEMALE>'s , when < PROPMALE > gets here I'll have all my besties with me :) 
Here we are in my car wishing on the same lucky stars , let me hear you say hey kid I miss this , I MISS THIS . 
I know you'd never hurt me , it's a really nice feeling :) I had a great night ! Learned how to play Texas Holdem , not gonna lie though .. I SUCK 
The butterflies are passive aggressive and they put their problems on the shelf , and they're beautiful . ? The only thing that's real are the kids that kill themselves and the demise of the beautiful , what is beautiful ? The multilife is better than the one we're in , the one we knew cus everyone is seein ' through everyone ... 
Don't stop , don't stray , STAY BEAUTIFUL . <3 
A best friend is someone who truely knows us , the good , the bad , AND THE UGLY ; and still loves us for all that we are . Despite the fact that we can be bitches to eachother sometimes , we don't always keep secrets , and sometimes we DO TALK SHIT . ( ohhhh boy ! ) We still love eachother . Mistakes made , we move on . SHE NEVER TELLS ME SHE DOESN'T WANT TO BE MY FRIEND . <3 you < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!! 
I'm going to start doing P90X , I would like a FEW cheerleaders , please . :) 
The worst feeling in the whole world is feeling like you can't ever do enough to keep someone you love happy . I'm really quite tired of it . 
Day 2's prognosis ; P90X will be the death of me . 
If I were you , I'd be scraping that \drill here . Drill now . Pay less . \ " Bumper sticker off right about now ... " 
Feeling sorry for someone isn't a good enough reason to be their friend , SORRY ! And , I'm also sorry that you've dug your own grave and only you can climb your way out . I cannot help you anymore . :/ 
Finally cleaned my car !!! Thanks Bri and < PROPMALE > for helping , and < PROPFIRST > you did a great job supervising ! :) 
Counting down the days til I see my first graders on Sunday ! I love those kids , they brighten up my whole week in the two hours I spend showing them the Word of God while their parents are in church :) 
First Corinthians 13 4Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . 5It is not rude , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . 6Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . 7It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . <3 Love is the most INCREDIBLE THING . 
Nobody can help me with school , I can't get approved for loans , nobody will cosign , and I don't qualify for financial aid . What's worse ? \Let's go out and buy an RV and move into it rendering our daughter homeless !! \ " Makes sense right ? BAD MOOD !!! " 
Life might seem foggy and entirely unclear , but beyond the clouds is ALWAYS the sun . Love life and everybody in it .. Just need to figure a lot of things out .. 
I could stay like this , with you forever . 
Deep inside me , Lord the taste is bittersweet and I see him smiling even though he's gone ; and it keeps me turnin ' homeee . 
Drop your socks and grab your Crocs , we're about to get wet ! :) 
Karate Kid with Manuel <3 , < PROPFEMALE > !, and < PROPFIRST > :) I love Saturday night ... But I love Sunday morning more . Church !! :) 
Church was awesome . Can I get a round of applause for God ? He does BIG things ! :) 
The whispers turn to shouting , the shouting turns to tears , your tears turn into laughter and it takes away our fear . So you see , this world doesn't matter to me , I'll give up all I have just to breathe the same air as you til the day that I die ; I can't take my eyes off of you . ? 
LOL you got your new girlfriend the same necklace as you got me . I'm sure she feels real special ;) 
Had a nice , relaxing night but I am SO TIRED ! Chilled with the regulars and watched lotsss of Family Guy .. good times as always . Goodnight <3 
I'm not embarrassed to say my blackberry tour is my best friend ... haha :) I don't know how anybody could get any other phone .. I'm attached . 
HUUUGE thank you to < PROPFIRST > O'Brien I've never been so happy with my hair after someone other than myself dyed and cut it ! You did a great job and ANYBODY in Florida should go to < PROPFEMALE > DOLCE SALON and ask for < PROPFIRST > , it's not too far out on Manatee Avenue and it's definitely worth the drive . :) 
Soooo ... I made kraft < PROPMALE > n cheese today . I wanted to feel like a kid again ... It was absolutely disgusting . I'm not a kid anymore . I so would have rather had sauteed mushrooms or something . Gosh . 
Anybody know of any awesome diets ? I lost 40lbs last year through drinking TONS of redbull but I'd rather not shed a few more years off my life by doing that again ... And I gained lots of it back so BOO ! Anyways , let me know . I'm getting fat lol ! 
If I could love with every breath in me , I feel like I'd be completely suffocated . But let's be honest here , I've gotta say I'm pretty partial to you . EVEN IF you're unbelievably confusing , and the most perfect human being I've ever met . INSPIRE ME SOME MORE . I hope I don't forget to breathe .. 
By the way , I think you're bionic ; I don't think you're beautiful , I think you're beyond it . 
* deep breath * I can't wait to see the kids at church Sunday and then go to Busch Gardens with my boyyy and his family :) I need to stop sweating the small stuff . SMALL people aren't worth my time I've just gotta be bigger . :) 
I hate good looking middle aged men . They need to keep themselves locked up . : X 
would like it if someone would < PROPFEMALE > me .... mmm ... $ 5,500 dollars ?? PLEASE AND THANK YOU . I will repay you in ............. HUGS ! :) 
Lord I never complain , I don't ask why , so please don't let my dreams run dry underneath this amarillo sky . 
I need a big change . Fast . 
Omg thanks for the beautiful day , Florida !!!!! I needed some nice weather :p 
No matter what you find , NEVER STOP LOOKING . Investigate LIFE . 
Sometimes you just get tired of people acting like you're not good enough ... 
By my mom's diagnosis , I tore both of my rotator cuffs in my shoulders . And I thought I was a heavy duty girl . Pff . I wish I had health insurance ... 
Oh , we couldn't bring the columns down , no we couldn't destroy a single one .. 
Tired of dealing with this stupid high school crap . You want to hold a grudge ? You'll see what I can turn your life into . Promise that . :) other than that , everyone else have a great day ! I've got a brand new attitude . Work is going great and I won 5 dollars on a 5 dollar scratch off . Let's have a party cus I broke even !!!! Lololol 
Were we born lucky ? Or are we just blessed ? :) 
I could go without the headache every morning ... Good luck at the American Idol auditions Ash !!!!! 
I like the taste of your smile :) 
Sleep <3 My bed looks pretty damn beautiful right now ! 
Back then , in your eyes , I was everything&look at us now , I don't mean anything . It's not even you that I really want back , it's the pieces of me you took with you when you left . \ 
Because when I lost you , I didn't know I would lose me too . Maybe I'll admit that I miss you so much , I wanna go back , I wanna go back . I just wish you were the same again , when days didn't have names and being in love wasn't made of games . 
Could seriously walk out right now . Forget it all , and never look back . This has got to be the most unappreciative place I've ever been . And I miss my manager who left :( I've never been so close to hell . 
I swear if my head doesn't stop hurting ......... :'( 
< PROPFIRST > ! Why is there brownies in the toilet ?!?! 
15 mile bike ride in 95 degree weather with BRI was so TIRING but SO worth it !!! I'm sweating so much though ewww ! 
I'm high AND mighty . Rawrrrr !!!! 
& we're keepin ' it , keep it all goin , this delicate balance . you would kill for this , just a little bit , just a little bit .. you would . you would . 
Hitting a girl with a flashlight = assault with a deadly weapon . Apparently cus it could kill someone eventually ? Would a pillow fight have the same consequence ? A pillow CAN suffocate someone OR muffle a gunshot ? I'm so confused with the law . But punish him to the fullest extent for sure ! Moral of the story , don't hit people with flashlights . Or , pillows . :) comprende ? 
At the end of the day , it's MY LIFE . 
Lindsey\ 
Lohan who ? I cant believe the news coverage being given to a \ 
20-something addict actress . Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing \ 
about : Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 & < PROPMALE > Tate \ 
27 .. These20-somethings gave their lives for you this week . Repost if \ 
you support the Military !! 
How can it be that someone like you would fall for someone like me ? 
He's beautiful , in every way and I've gotta be the luckiest girl I know :) 
I'm so happy I just had my mouth smashed into a table and chipped my GOOD front tooth . Wth ? Thank god I'm with him or I'd be so sad . It's okay , I forgive you < PROPFIRST > . And I love you all ! :) 
It's alright , I came to my senses&let go of all my defenses . There's no way I'm giving up this time , you know I'm right here . I'm not losing you&I'm all in , I've got nothing left to hide . I'm falling harder than a landslide . I spent a week away from you last night&now I'm calling out your name . I'm all in , I'm all in tonight . I'm all in , I'm all in for life . <3 
Dancing through a fire again , just to catch a flameee .. just to get close to you , just close enough to tell you that you do something to me , something deep inside ... alalalalaalaaaa happySunday ! 
You’ve got opinions , man&we're all entitled to them , but I never asked . So let me thank you for your time , and try not to waste anymore of mine . Who cares if you disagree , you're not me and WHO MADE YOU THE < PROPMALE > OF ANYTHING ?! So you dare tell me who to be ? Who died and made you the < PROPMALE > of anything ? 
Brody Dalle . Somebody you should all grow up to be . Take NOTES ! 
Is there such a thing as being TOO forgiving ? What are YOUR thoughts . Is there a point where you need to just give up and let go ? I think soooo . 
Nothing could bring me down , today !!! I feel so good :) 
The farther you go , the less you know . You're born to quit , you've blown it . 
It hit me , I've got everything I need ... I speak the truth , the truth of the heart like a desperate thirst in a raging drought . Time flies by&there's an everlasting battle for eternal life ... 
Fight Night at Ale Houseeee :) it's so packed in here , thank goodness < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > came early and got all of us a table !! :) 
Irritated too early in the morning . But it's okay I know the kids and the service will make me feel better :) 
Above all else , guard your heart , for it affects everything you do . Proverbs 4:23 
The heaven we had , the hell I'm going through ; other than that , there aint nothin ' much left of lovin ' youuuu . Lalalaaaa 
Turn the quiet up , turn the noise down , let this ol ' world just spin around . I wanna feel it swing , wanna feel it sway and put some feel-good in my soul . Drink a little drink , smoke a little smoke 
They teach us every day in church to serve others . I don't have much , but I\ 
planned to buy backpacks and school supplies for less fortunate children . It doesn't give me bragging rights , it makes others lives better and , if I can do it , I will . I will do everything I can . Do unto others right ? Wish it'd be done unto me , sometimes . I'm having a really hard time . And I'm running low on faith and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Those boys mean the WORLD to me ... <3 
Hoping everything works out and that I'm making the right decisions . 
I hate people who can never take the fall for anything . 
Had a couple GREAT rides last night . The kids graduate from first to second grade tonight , I'm going to be sad but a new bunch comes in this Sunday :) 
I've got a boy who treats me like a < PROPFEMALE > ; the way I feel I should have always been treated . But , I learned a lot . And , I guess I'm grateful for that . :D <3 
I know you're 40-50 and young adult drama is oh so fun , but do me a favor and keep my name out of your mouth and I'll continue to do the same . Even though I've got SO MUCH to say ! :) 
There are several people that love me and care about me and would never let anything bad happen to me . And for them , I am happy . Everyone else ? I could care less whether you're in my life or not . :) 
when the calls and conversations , accidents and accusations , messages and misperceptions paralize my mind .. busses , cars , & airplanes leaving , burning fumes of gasoline and everyone is running , i come to find a refuge in the easy silence that you make for me . it's okay when there's nothing more to say to me&the peaceful quiet you create for me&the way you keep the world at bay for me .. ? 
I want Brody Dalle to do a cover of heart shaped box by my loves Nirvana . <3 
I was a flight risk with a fear of falling wondering why we bother with love when it never lasts ? 
Happy birthday to the best mom , grandma , and wife in the world !!!!!! <3 I love you , mom ! 
TIRED ! Naptime ! 
I'm sinking like a stone in the sea , I'm burning like a bridge for your body <3 
You are the best thing that's ever been mine . <3 
Working until 5:15 , then I suppose I'll go ride CHEVY (<PROPFEMALE>'s gorgeous boy ) , then seeing the boyfriend . :) Seems like it's going to be a wonderful day . <3 
Had an awesome ride and an awesome day for the most part . And NOW my boy is coming over and then I'm going to Bri's house to take care of her and stay the nighttt cus I have tomorrow off !! WOOPPP ! :) One day sure doesn't seem like a whole lot though . Darnnn .. I just rained on my own parade . :p 
Bill&Mom , I had to share ! :( Just heard that the developer of the NY mosque ( the Cordoba House --- google \the great Cordoba mosque and read history ) said the groundbreaking ceremony will be September 11th . Any other questions ? This country has almost completely lost it's way . " 
Sometimes it's easier to just give up , let go , and move on . The easy route , however , isn't always the best route . 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > are replacing my brakes and rotors . I trust them , but honestly I'm nervous . Hahaha . Thanks , boys ! <3 
Once in a lifetime , someone comes along and changes everything you believe about yourself . I'm so glad you changed me :) 
Sometimes you've gotta let good things fall apart , so better things can come together . As much as it pains me , I'm thinking going with my family is the best decision I could ever make . I'm SO TORN though . So torn . 
Just let me hold you while we're fallin apart , just let me hold you ... 
Had a perfect night just bein ' lazy with my perfect boy :) perfect for me , atleast <3 
And I won't let you down , I swear this time I mean it . 
... like Johnny&June :) 
Counting my lucky stars , I'm so blessed . <3 
And for the first time , I feel secure . 
Why is it that all these pretty , sweet girls have such low self esteem ? Oh my goodness . This is NOT good ! 
My bed is so comfortable . I should be moving stuff to my car , though 
I miss them already . :( 
I need a hitch for the front of my car , so I can have hitch wars . 
I'm so ronery so ronery so ronerey and sadry arone loooolllllll 
I feel extremely sick . :( 
I don't know what you do , but I do things . 
Nice weather today :) can't wait to get home and clean up a little and make some delicious dinner . Maybe I have to recruit mybestfriend to come help me make it though . :p 
Girls that look like boys .......... Lol 
Everyone calls you amazing , I just call you mine :) 
Everybodies got their share of battle scars , as for me I'd like to thank my lucky stars that I'm alive and well . 
Don't need no five < PROPFEMALE > reservations , I've got spaghettios and a cheap bottle of wine <3 
Grillin ' out with some great people <3 
Let's take advantage of the fact that < PROPFIRST > is more laid back and won't completely flip on you and blatantly be a b*tch to her in front of friends just cus she WON'T FIGHT BACK ! Sorry , babe . I'd rather not see you cry . 
L\ 
Effort was never really my forte . Throw it all together , hope it looks nice . Perfect ! 
I swear I got on my knees and thanked God for this day <3 
Its no surprise to me I am my own worst enemy cus every now and then I kick the living shit out of me . 
I swear every day at work I CAN'T breathe enough to fill my lungs . I'm light headed and headachy all day . Anxiety much ? Really shows how much I LOVE it here . Being yelled at by customers for following policy always makes for the best days . 
What if God quit tryin ' , He just turned away ; there were teardrops on His face , tell me how would you feel ? You'd probably give up too , if nobody believed in you . 
Ale House with some awesomely fantastic people having an awesome time :) we're missing a key person ... < PROPMALE > . He'll be here soon ! :D 
Trust in the Lord with all your heart and < PROPFEMALE > not on your own understanding ; in all your ways acknowlege Him , and He will make your paths straight . Proverbs 3:5 -6 
Incredibly excited about the opportunities God and my church have placed in front of me . :) 
Didn't see the Steelers game today , I napped instead . I'm off to a bad , bad start . 
A best friend who wakes up with you in the middle of the night to take care of you and keep you company because you feel sick ? That's MY best friend . I loves my Bri ! 
We never know how high we are , til we are called to rise . And then if we are true to plan , our statues touch the skies . <3 
Bad luck and good faith ; I hear faith is all you need . :) 
how long , how long will I slide ? separate my side ... 
Je t'adore <3 
I absolutely adore my dad <3 and I miss every single piece of my family puzzle . I'm counting down to November 19th when I can see them again . :) 
I'm having lunch with my horse today . I love hour long breaks and horsie therapy :) 
This guy got 75 for third place golfing . I said I've never golfed but I have high hopes of becoming a pro golfer . He laughed a little and said if I don't win I get no money . Hahahaha 
I can't believe I can't say whatever I want on my own status about whatever's on my mind without someone running their mouth . This is absolutely ridiculous . Positive , Negative , whatever it is someone's got something to complain about . 
\Get your nose outta my nose ! \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
70-3 ?! Badgers straight whooped some ass ! I miss you , Wisconsin <3 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , the courage to change the things I can , and the WISDOM to know the difference ! 
I'm thinking about him , thinking about me , thinking about us and who we're going to be . <3 
You're too STUPID to work at a BANK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I believe in the sun , even when it's not shining . I believe in love , even when I am alone . I believe in God , even when He's silent . 
My car on premium ... I feel like I just fed her some steroids . Goooo Brooklyn ! :) I love my car . 
If I die young , bury me in satin . Lay me down on a bed of roses , sink me in the river at < PROPFEMALE > send me away with the words of a love song <3 
75 degrees and I'm in a sweatshirt and long pants shivering . I've become a real panzy . And ! Idk how anybody survives Wisconsin anymore . Haha :p 
66 and I have my heat on full blast . I'm a sad excuse for a Wisconsin native . 
I like it in my car . <3 
I just feel defeated . 
I don't have to be hateful , I can just say bless your heart :) 
Everyone asks me if I'm italian . WHAT ?! Lol :) okay ... I can be that . Italy is pretty ... 
Spread your wings cover me , and promise this ; if I die before I wake , oh promise this take the time to say your grace on your knees you pray for me . Promise this ; be the last kiss on my lips . 
Had a great day at the beach with muh < PROPMALE > . Funny how friendships survive through horrible circumstances . <3 
If there's anything to say , if there's anything to do , if there's any other way ; I'll do anything for you . <3 
Closing my eyes and taking a huge leap of faith ; we'll see what God has in store for me . I've taken many risks in faith , and things aren't going so well but it's all part of His plan ! <3 
Can you say blessed ? And I've got my Lord to thank for everything ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Garden for dinner with some lovely ladies ! :) I'm excited already ! Haha . Work is dookie thank goodness I got a new job !!! <3 
At church . Tummy ache . Moving today ! 
Jump up into the sky , put the stars in alignment . ;) 
She's my sister , and therefore one half of me . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
I have an awesome boyfriend . And a fantastic best friend . These have been a great couple of days with them ; and it's so nice to be all moved into my very own house ! I'm a little scared to sleep alone , though . :( 
Why . WHY ?! Do bad things always happen to good people ?! I'll pray on it and maybe an answer will come to me . DOUBT IT !!!!! I've been asking this question for years !!!!!! 
I'm singin ' a-amen I , amen I , I'm alive . <3 
I just made an amazing dog's day . I officially adopted < PROPFEMALE > . She is amazing :) 
When I think about you and I get upset , I just remember you're a cockroach scurrying on the ground , and it's so easy to step on you . :) 
I . Love . My dogs . But I hate their muddy little prints all over the kitchen . 
Mmmm beer brats .... :) 
I forgot how good pistachio pudding is .... 
Today I'm gonna love my enemies , reach out to somebody who needs me ; make a change , make \ 
the world a better place cus tomorrow could be one day too late . 
At Universal Studios ' Halloween Horror Nights right now wif my baby ! Bri , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Zach , Steph , and her friend are coming too :) 
Good news ! I am now accepting volunteers to wash my car . Any takers ? Raise your hand !!! :) 
I am going to miss everybody at work . Except one person . Ha ! Gosh ... I love them and it was so emotional . :( 
Je t'adore , Saved by the < PROPFEMALE > . <3 First day of my new job today , can't wait ! Starting the countdown to seeing my family at 19 days ! C'monnnn!!! 
Had a really good first day . I fit riiight in with my two coworkers . We're all sarcastic jerks ( they're both guys ) and none of us take things personally . Very nice ! :) 
Downloading apps when is a proper time to say no more ? Still prefer blackberries ; but we'll see if that changes when I get used to my new Samsung fascinate :) 
Oh , these butterflies in my stomach , they could bring me to my knees . <3 
& the trigger pulls , and the bullets pepper the brick wall behind our heads&the smoke , it fills the air . The captain yells to cease fire&the squad begins to wait&stare as the dust clears the air & we're still standing with smiles on both our faces . We spit their faulty ammo to the ground&remind them , once again ; that you CAN'T kill heroes . <3 
Simple minded people who are so simple that they can't catch the simplest of sarcasm . LOL ! 
I'm thankful for extremely stupid people because they make me look and feel smarter every day :) join me and post something you're thankful for every day til Thanksgiving !!! 
I'm thankful for the greatest mom and dad in the entire world . There's nobody that could ever love and care for me like they can . <3 
I'm in such an incredible amount of pain . I am NOT thankful for NERVES !!!! @%#& !!!!! 
I'm thankful today for people who know how to forgive . Not necessarily forget , just forgive . Like me . Forgiveness is key . 
There's no controlling this pain . No ending this pain . I am going completely crazy from being kept awake by this incessant pain that just won't let up . 
Today its hard to be thankful and in this much pain , but I'm so thankful for the people who are taking care of me and making sure I'm comfortable . :) 
I'm thankful for asurion phone insurance today , friends . It's nice to know when your phone gets eaten by a dog 5 days after buying , that it can be replaced . :( 
Credit card statement says : Screwed . That's it !!! I hate when all kinds of things go wrong all at once . For real . 
I'm not gonna change a single thing I'm doing and I don't need your approval , and I aint ask if I'm staying on task doing these things the way they're supposed to be done like in the past . There's no need for suspense , keep your two cents ; matter fact I'll give you back everything you lack . 
I am thankful today for my niece and nephew . There's not a day where they don't bring a smile to my face and warmth to my heart . <3 
Feeling just a bit congested . Goodnight ! 
I'm grateful for an awesome sister today we're opposites but that's why we're so close . She's my sister , she's the other half of me . 
You're so amazing you took the time to figure me out 
Sometimes , I could honestly kick your face in . And other times , you're the best thing in the world . All of the time , you're absolutely incredible . Thank you for everything you are . :) Today , I'm thankful for my wonderful boyfriend . <3 
I'm a horrible friend :( I'm sorry everyone ! 
Is thankful for the best big brudder and soldier I know , Kevin . I love you , jerk ( but only when you refrain from tickling me . ) 
< PROPFIRST > doesn't like being dicked around . 
Today I was awoken by the sun coming through the glass door . It's an awesome way to wake up . So today , I'm thankful for the sun cus it made sure I got to church 
As soon as you and a person become really close ; BAM ! You realize they're still the same backstabber you met in the first place . Dang , and I thought someone could change their ways . But onto a more positive note , the service today REALLY spoke to me . A new light is shining on my life . :) IN ALL YOUR WAYS ACKNOWLEDGE HIM , AND HE WILL MAKE YOUR PATHS STRAIGHT . 
This is about life ahead of you and you run at it . And you don't know how far you can go unless you just run . 
Today I'm thankful for my best friend in Florida , < PROPFEMALE > . If there's anyone that can keep me smiling it's her . :) 
Three days til I see my family ! I'm < PROPFEMALE > excited ! 
Snowbirds go home I've had enough of you already !!! 
Let's rearrange , I wish you were a stranger I could disengage . 
I'm a space bound rocketship and your hearts the < PROPFEMALE > and I'm aiming right at you , right at you . 
Truth be told , I don't really give a crap . sorry . I'm halfway to seeing my parents . ( memphis , tn ) 
< PROPFEMALE > wettengal 
For those of you who were concerned ... I'm now in < PROPFIRST > ! 
And she knew in her heart that risking everything was less crazy than living a life that has no higher goal than survival . 
Do yo chain < PROPFEMALE > low do it wobble to the < PROPFEMALE > does it shine in the light ? Is it platinum , is it gold ? Lol wowwwww . 
What's up with all these girls thinking they're hard ? Not cute . save your knuckles for someone who really needs a kiss . ;) 
Thankful for 3g in the middle of BFE , Texas . :) 
Have crazy faith ; be madly in love with God . :) 
23 degrees and I'm sooooo cold ! How do people live like this ! 
I'm up with the sun every morning and I'm so thankful for that ! I feel amazing :D 
Can't wait to be home ! How sad .... Happy Thanksgiving :) 
What do I have to be thankful for ? Changing . For the better . Getting out . Standing on my own two feet . And growing out of childish things . Happy Thanksgiving ! 
I make it hard and I can't stand it , can't wrap my head around it ; I wrestle with you more than I should . 
< PROPMALE > familia es muy loco . 
We don't always get along , but I have the best boyfriend :) 
Freedom is just another word for nothing left to lose . 
Look at me , me depth perception must be off again , cus you got a lot closer than I thought you did . 
In my space shuttle and I'm not coming down ; I'm the stereo and she's just so monotone . 
No real reason to accept the way things have changed ; I'm starin ' down the barrel of a 45 . 
You don't get to the top by stepping on people . < PROPFEMALE > is out to get you and trust me ; it always finds a way . :) 
Your brain is full of spiders , you've got garlic in your soul MR . GRINCH !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Having an awesome night ! God , I missed this ... :( 
Ignite your light&let it shine - just own the night like the fourth of July . :) 
So upset that I slept through church and seeing the kids ! 
Linbug ! < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPMALE > ! Steelers !!! Black and yellow ... :) 
I'll be the greatest fan of your life .. <3 
is blessed . 
Let's get one thing straight . A true friend is NOT someone who only talks to you to bitch and moan and whine and complain about their \horrible\ " life . Come on ! " 
And if we don't make it out alive , then it's a hell of a good day to die . :) 
Life's a Garden ... Dig it ! 
Work Work BARN Work Work Work HOME Work Barn Work Work . Out of dog food . Not even enough money for one tank of gas .. gosh . But , the good news is .. the last couple of nights I've closed boyfriend was home waiting for me when I got there . That's one thing that still makes me happy :) Small surprises .. even if he's just there playing video games ... lol ! 
According to my work email this morning , it's FFBFF ( Fast and Furious Big Freakin Friday ); I LOVE MY JOB !!!!!!! hahahahaha 
Look into your heart pretty baby ... 
Show me it's okay to use my heart and not my eyes to navigate the darkness :) 
Fight night ! Now it's on ... Ale House with the best of the best ... <3 { soon } 
I tried to write lesbian and my phone said leprechaun . Idk why but it made me chuckle ... 
9000 texts in a month . Please tell me I set some kind of record ... 
You're like my favorite damn disease 
Couldn't be much happier ... :) not a single complaint here 
26° in FLORIDA ?! Is this some kind of sick joke ? I'm NOT laughing . 
Buy a galaxy tab before end of year with a 5 gb data plan and save 50 off web pricing AND get a free mifi ! Come see me at verizon in parrish by the new publix ! 
is ready for naptime . And some hot chocolate . And maybe , just maybe , the two cutest puppies EVER !!!!! to cuddle with . :) 
Seek peace , and pursue it . - psalms 34:14 
came home to a certain little puppy whining in the back of his cage . and literally the house smells like a sewer . I have a sick , sick puppy on my hands . So , I just cleaned his stinky cage and gave the two of them a bathy ... now I'm designing a tattoo for < PROPFEMALE > Lowrey until I head to the barn to see mi caballo <3 This is gross , but I feel like I've accomplished something . HAHA ! 
The high is 76 , looks like florida is done torturing us : D 
Take the past , burn it up and let it go ; I'm stronger than you'll ever know . 
All of the chaos makes perfect sense when you're spinning round things come undone , welcome to earth , third rock from the sun . 
You ain't nothin but a vulture always hoping for the worst , waitin for me to f up ... So I flip up the middle finger up and the index finger follow - DEUCES ! 
Telling myself I don't miss you is like telling the dark to let me see ... not working . This is horrible :( 
:) ready for mad naps 
Almost eighty outside . I'm about to quit my job and lay by my pool . Not really ... But it'd be niiiice ! 
All you need is love :) 
Take all the courage you have left , wasted on fixing all the problems that you made in your own head ; but it was not your fault , but mine . And it was your heart on the line . I really f'ed it up this time didn't I , my dear ? Didn't I ... 
I'm taking up the role of the GRINCH this Christmas . 
You know it's never too late to shoot for the stars regardless of who you are <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! I don't have any family here , but it's amazing how your friends can come together and make up for it . I've been invited to four separate Christmas's . And , although I can only make it for three , I feel so blessed to know that people think of me and have made me feel completely welcome in their homes , with their families . <3 
I just saw her , but I really miss my breezy 
Why thank you , if you's a hater . I'm eatin ' , you the waiter . <3 
I want you staplegunned right to my side all of the time :) 
The years have been good to me I must say ; and I know through the good and the bad things always get better . Life just gets sweeter , and it's beautiful . :) 
Just let me hold you while we're fallin ' apart , just let me hold you and we'll both fall down . Fall on me , tell me everything you want me to be ; forever with you , forever in me , ever the same . :) 
The coldest days and my heat can't keep up ... Really ? I'm going to get home and my dogs are gonna be wearing icicles ... 
you still amaze me <3 
I love watching cooking shows . I'm an old lady ; CORRECTION - a hungry old lady . :) 
Some people say giving up is easy , WRONG ! Giving up is the hardest thing in the whole world to do , but sometimes you just can't hold on anymore . :( 
Dark a ** shades , I can't see my haters . Life is a b , but I appreciate her . :) 
is vewy congested :( mommy and < PROPFEMALE > , please come make me some chicken woodle soupiee ... :D 
< PROPFEMALE > ry day spent apart is like an eternity wasted . </3 I hope everybody has an awesome New Years < PROPFEMALE > and a super productive new year !! :) 
is feeling an eety weety < PROPFEMALE > bit annoyed . But just a little . \ 
\ 
RAWR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
As long as we're together , forever is never too long . 
I think I'm the opposite of suicidal ... I feel so DEAD and I want to feel ALIVE . 
I'm feeling nervous trying to be so perfect , cus I know you're worth it , you're worth it ... 
I LOVE MY JOB !! how often do you hear somebody say that ? Never . I have the best upper management and coworkers in the entire world . Sooooo blessed ! <3 
I love ! Ovaltine . \more ovaltine please ! \ " :) " 
Waiting for a short bus to load wheel chairs is exactly the way I wanted to spend my drive to work . Thanks ! 
mi nombre es < PROPFIRST > , y estoy muy cansada . :( 
Thank goodness I have good brakes with the way females drive in florida ! Ahhhh ! 
I'd like to take a moment of silence to thank Florida and God for this incredible day :) I need sunglasses ! Sooooo nice <3 
you can raise her up a lady but there's one thing you just can't avoid , LADIES love country boys ;) <3 
Work party ? Done . Nobody puked on the floor but we all had an awesome time ! :) 
It was a beautiful day today . Yep . :) I'm extremely tired though . :o 
I ate gator tail . If you know me , you know this was a huge revelation . Not bad , btw . :) 
You can count on me like 1 , 2 , 3 ; I'll be there . And when I need it I know I can count on you like 4 , 3 , 2 and you'll be there . 
I could scream every profanity known to man right about now , but I'll stay cool :) 
Love don't live here anymore . 
God only knows how much I could love you if you'd let me , but I can't break through it all . 
Really ? Who opens the gate on a fenced backyard ?! Jerks :( 
... Scared :( 
Take me to the place I love , take me all the way :) 
A baby in sarasota fl was born on 1/11 at 11 : 11 in delivery room 11 . Badass !!! 
I'm feeling kind of left out since EVERYBODY has HUMAN babies and I don't . So , since I will be waiting 27 years to have a human baby , I made my profile picture of me and my \first born\ " PRAY THAT HER LEG HEALS SOON PLEASE ! She's been 100% LAME for a whole week now . The soonest the vet can come is MONDAY at 1pm . Getting her some delicious painkillers TODAY so she can be comfortable for the weekend . <3 YOU < PROPFEMALE >!!!" 
This fine line I'm walking is making me SICK ! 
Verbally abusing a salesperson will get you NO WHERE !! ( write this down ) 
She had a need to feel the thunder , to < PROPMALE > the lightning from the sky ; to watch a storm with all it's wonder , raging in her lovers eyes . She had to ride the heat of passion like a comet burning bright . Rushing headlong in the wind out where only dreams have been , burning both ends of the night . <3 
Packer's fans are coming out of the woodwork . I'm glad you're proud to be a fan now that your home team is doing well ! Poor boys needed a little support . 
Just made , hands down , the best chili ever thanks to my moms instruction , manuels vegetable dicing , and my intuition ;) 
Lucky as a seven , livin ' in heaven with my dixieland delight <3 
Keep on swimming ! 
I'd say that's some mental abuse that I didn't deserve ... oh well , its a new day and I'm going to make the most of it :) 
Sicksicksicksicksick . I need to figure out what's wrong with me , 3 months is a long time to feel like this . :( 
We were drawn from the weeds , we were brave like soldiers falling down under the pale moonlight . You were holding me like something broken , and I couldn't tell you then but I'm telling you now , just let me hold you while you're fallin ' apart , just let me hold you and we'll both fall down . Fall on me , tell me everything you want me to be , forever with you , forever in me , EVER THE SAME . :) 
Life is the most spectacular show on earth ;) 
... why aren't this seasons episodes of bad girls club on oxygen.com? are you kidding me ? so now I have to be home Monday nights at 8pm to watch it ? no , < PROPFEMALE > . FIX THIS !!!!!!!!!! NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
BLACK and yellow , black and yellow , black and yellow , black and yellow . ( kill them jets , boys ! ) 
Black and yellow vs green and yellow ... The packers Newfound talent has me nervous . Naw just kidding . But really I'm happy regardless . For both teams :) 
Why do people key cars ? Jealousy is a sickness . 
Teens < PROPMALE > a house and find what they think is cocaine . They snort and steal it . Turns out it was a great danes ashes and the homeowners fathers ashes LMAO 
your voice was the soundtrack of my summer , do you know you're unlike any other ? you'll always be my thunder ; so bring on the rain&listen to the thunder . 
I hate being in a bad mood and having no idea why ... :/ 
Playing with BUCKYBALLS . Who knew something so stupid could be so entertaining ? And I love how they're called \bucky\ " balls ... fond sconnie shtuff . :) " 
Don't go where the path may lead ; go instead where there is no path and make a trail . <3 
The word is forgiveness , look it up . It's what Jesus has in store for you but I won't , no matter what . :) 
Lets Just live . Whatever happens , happens . :) 
I will give you my heart , be all that you need , show you you're everything that's precious to me if you'd give me a < PROPMALE > . I can love you like that . 
I Don't say hi , I throw my twos up . When I'm in texas I < PROPMALE > my deuce up :) 
If there's one thing I've learned , it's never give up on someone you care about . Everybody struggles sometimes , but it's not worth it to quit . 
Distant flickering , greener scenery . The weathers bringing it all back again . Great adventures , faces and condensation . I'm going outside to take it all in <3 
80 degrees out ? Why thank you , Florida . I think I'll spend the day laying by my pool :) 
So .... I got bored and pierced the top AND bottom of my bellybutton cus I missed them ... Don't judge me ! : p but , really , GREAT SUCCESS !! : D 
You take the breath right out of me ... 
Tanning Day 2 <3 
Can we take a ride , get out of this place while we still have time ? 
Sooooo worn out from work . :( But the good news is I love my coworker , < PROPFEMALE > . She's so sweet . Makes me want to stay late and junk . :) Then after I stay late , I actually get to the barn when WOLF IS THERE !!! Which is definitely a huge bonus . :) 
Good burger is on tv !!! 
Nothing can brighten my day like the temptations \my girl\ " on a cloudy morning . :) I've got sunshine on a cloudy day :) " 
My phone is in love with the pavement . 
Yum , american < PROPFEMALE > with my very best friends <3 
Closing today ... ew . 
You're beautiful , every little piece love . Don't you know you're really gonna be someone , ask anyone . Stay BEAUTIFUL <3 
I love it when people complain to the world of facebook . I'm guilty of it , myself . But guys . If all you can DO is complain , find a friend to talk to ;) or a psychiatrist and some good , good drugs . :) 
That was the most incredible superbowl game ever . I almost had a heart attack . Packers , you deserved it . Steelers , we'll get it next time . ;) 
Home is wherever I'm with you ... 
I'll find peace at the bottom of a real tall cold drink ; lets get this thing started it's my kind of party ... 
I'm bored ! And hungry ! :( 
I can't believe how annoyed I've been lately . this must be how \burnt out\ " feels ... didn't sell much but accomplished a lot today anyway <3 " 
Loving might be a mistake but it's worth making ; I hope you dance . 
The truth is this ; I don't wanna miss you more than I already do ... 
I believe that love will find away , which means that everything will be alright . Of course it will , cus I put my trust in Jesus Christ . ? 
After everything I've overcome .. these chains no longer threaten me . Through these changes , my song keeps playing ; and even when everything goes wrong , I'm right where I belong . <3 
Live your whole life wasted , never see a day sober .. what are you missing ? MILLIONS OF MEMORIES . Let's live our lives right . </3 
I love when my boyfriend gets in his playful moods :) brightens my day <3 
At dinner with my girls :) fixing to get some shrimp . MMMMM ! 
< PROPMALE > and darts with everybody at the bar :) love my friends !! 
Second < PROPFIRST > s Day with the same incredible < PROPFIRST > ... LOVE ! <3 
Liebe braucht Vertrauen <3 
Everything's better when we're together :) 
\i see how you're lookin ' at me and how I sit with my legs open to give my crotch some SUNLIGHT !!!! \ " - for colored girls " 
Is being showered with blessings :) what a beautiful life <3 
Best mood ever ? I think so . I haven't felt genuinely happy in a long time . Good morning , lovelies ! :) 
number two in the CEO contest . Who doubted the store with just two girls in it ? HA . We're a chip away from number one and an all expense paid trip ! <3 
They were obese and spoke fluent ebonics ... Bilingual ladies !! But fighting in front of your lime green , chromed out < PROPFEMALE > at the gas station isn't cute ! Lol ! 
Can't wait to meet my little haitian girl at her school for lunch ! ( big brothers , big sisters ) :D 
I wasnt jokin when I told ya you take my breath away , you're a supernova and I'm a space bound rocketship and your hearts the < PROPFEMALE > and I'm aiming right at you <3 
Having a great day . Heck a great week , MONTH , even . Winding down with the most amazing boyfriend <3 
Best day ever , hands down . I'm passionately in LOVE with my life <3 
I'm catching myself smiling for no reason lately . Either I'm going crazy or I'm finally HAPPY . 
So blessed to have Wolf Keller and < PROPMALE > Flynn in my life <3 
The IRS is really a huge pain in the butt . Give me my miniscule tax return and DO IT NOW !!! :) \ 
Other than that , another great day to be alive , ( the sun is still shinin ' when I close my eyes ) .. 
Take a look in the mirror , say whatsup ;) 
you see through all my fears , and that's what got us here . <3 
It ain't trickin ' if you got it&i got it <3 
Thank God and everybody I have down here keeping me SANE . Boy , I sure am BLESSED !!!!! <3 
Happy ( 24th ) to the best big sister in the world . Haha , shes an hour or two behind so I get to celebrate her birthday before her :D LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > !! : * 
Just another day in paradise ... <3 
Its my birthday and I'm spending my day listening to the < PROPMALE > five and the temptations at work .... Then me and a magnifying glass are going \grey hunting \"." 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes . It's been sorta crappy but hopefully it gets better ! 
I just smashed my cellphone . No further contact will be able to be made on it until I can get it replaced . I hope all of you had a better day than I did . \ 
Goodnight . <3 
I love phone insurance . <3 :) 
I know you ; not your name , but your game . I know the true you , come to me or I'll come to you . 
You know what's funny ? The second everything falls into place it all falls apart again , 10 times faster than you got it to finally come together . I'm not certain who I can trust anymore , or who's the lying sack of crap . Regardless , things have gone absolutely haywire . And I'm officially out of commission . :'( 
don't worry why my wrist got so freeze tell a guy like doritos it's nacho cheese :) 
The whole world's scared , so I swallow the fear ; the only thing I should be drinking is an ice cold beer . 
I have the best manager in the world . <3 
Holy Babies ! Everyone and their mother is pregnant :O 
I fly with the stars in the skies , I am no longer trying to survive . I believe that life is a prize , but to live doesn't mean you're alive . <3 
Wow , dust mites are real , living things THAT POOP ?! what is a dust mites poop called ? :/ yuckyducks , I'll never clean the same again .... 
Black swan was awesome ... But ........ I think I came out of the theater more effed up than I went in .... :p 
we can spend our lives in fear , counting the days til we can die ... or we can simply live ... <3 
I'm a person , not a wall ; it don't take much to blow me down and make me fall . 
Hypocrites , you're all here for the same reason cus you can't jump the track we're like cars on a cable and life's like an hour glass glued to the table ... 
I'm strong on the surface , but not all the way through . I've never been perfect , neither have you . 
I am so happy it's 6:08 am and I can't sleep because that's how sick I feel . I think I've sneezed out at least 1000 braincells by now today . 
Life is what you make of it , and I'm going to make the best of mine . It's not about the hand you're dealt , it's about excelling regardless of \a bad hand \"." 
It's gettin ' tough out here for a gangsta . I don't want to have to file a police report , but if you go from coming in my back gate to prying open the screen on my window ... dang you're interested in what I'm keepin ' in my house . I think my < PROPFEMALE > girl would be viscious , though , if she had to be . :) Florida is a dangerous place ... 
In the meantime I'll sport this brand new fashion of waking up with pants on at four in the afternoon . :) 
If you cant stand the way this place is , take yourself to higher places . Break away from everybody , break away from everything . <3 
\every morning I wake up on a diet ... and every night I end in failure ... \ " NOM NOM NOM ! " 
\hey girl ! You married ? You gotta be married cus I like what I see ! \ " What a pick up line . Wow . " 
With the boys = endless laughter 
No , I'm not lucky ; I'm BLESSED . 
