reality is weighin in .. i know that things happen for a reason , but after a while i jus have to ask myself why is it always happening to me or those i love .. im hoping 2010 will be a better year than 2009 was .. on some grown woman stuff .. 

needin relief .. * tear * 
lmao .... its funny how niggas wanna hate on ppl dis yr . - jus a little advice : find something more meaningful to do with your life 
\the blind man who sees is truly better than the seeing man who is blind\ " : look @ the important things all the other petty stuff shouldnt && doesnt matter .. " 
no regrets -- everything happens for a reason ,, if it was meant to be .. it will be .. 
life is too short to be mean or hateful- so laugh uncontrolably ,, kiss passionately ,, love truly ,, && live everyday as if it were your last .. 
life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets ,, so love the people who treat you right ,, forget about the ones who don't ,, && believe that everything happens for a reason .. if you get a < PROPMALE > ,, take it .. if it changes your life ,, let it .. nobo 
there comes a time in your life when you realize you cant help or solve problems for other ppl .. its not giving up ,, its jus accepting the fact that you dont need certain ppl in your life && the bullshit and drama they bring .. 
Happy B-Day < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > RIP 
dont let anyboy change who you are .. be yourself .. 
.. im tired of fake azz niggas .. be real or be gone .. either way imma do me .. 
woke up thiz mornin feelin sick .. ugh .. y now .?? 
why come with bs .. if you hav somethin 2 say , say it .. 4 once in ya life act like an adult an take responsibility 4 your actions .. if your not man or woman enough 2 bac up wat you say .. stfu an move the eff around .. 
!.???. MUSIC .???.! 
!.???. 2 MORE DAYZ .???.! 
finally da big 18 .. shout outz to < PROPFEMALE > gurl < PROPFEMALE > .. 2day iz our time .. 
about 2 make thiz dance up .. wish me luck .!! 
jus got home .. homecoming then out to eat .. we had so much fun .. ily guys .. ( k.e , e.f , && the newbie -t.b ) 
!.???. ? LOVE : THE SWEET POISON ? .???.! 
not too happy about tonite .. i need some cheerin up .. * tear * 
jus got home .. been in da streetz all day havin fun and causin havoc .. [ i love my life ] .. 
.. so theres this guy .. 
had 1st seafood 2day .. mmmmmmmmmmmmm .. it filled me up an then put me 2 sleep .. : ) ~ 
itz back up .. go vote .. 
ATTENTION FACEBOOKERS : LOG ON TO WWW . SUPERBANDBOWL . COM AND VOTE FOR THE GREATEST BAND IN THE LAND [ WILLOWRIDGE HIGH SCHOOL MIGHTY EAGLE MARCHING BAND ] .. WE ARE TRYING TO GO TO LAS VEGAS AND CAN'T DO IT WITHOUT YOUR SUPPORT AND ...... VOTES .. YOU CAN VOTE AS MANY TIMES AS YOU LIKE .. SUPPORT THE EAGLE BAND .. GO VOTE NOW .!! 
thinks that < PROPMALE > SociallyHype Cooper needs 2 be da fck up an hop off .!! 
missin my niggas 4rm da ridge .. be back soon .. luv yall .. 
So I just realised somethin ... I dont have anybody to kiss when the ball drops ... Hmmm , thats alrite , Ill improvise 
So this is it , 2010 is at an end so if you have any confessions hit up the inbox ... This is ya last < PROPMALE > to tell me wats on ya mind an how you feel abt me 
My last status for 2010 ! Got my had on my had , champagne in my glass , an good company all the way around ... Im ready to start the new yr ... Lets Get It !!! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! 
u only get one life to live , make the most of it .. dream like youll live forever and live like its ur last day .. on my grown woman ish .. ~ 2010 ~ 
ive come to realise .. i dont miss u .. i miss the person u used 2 be .. as the years pass ppl stard 2 change .. not all change is 4 da gud .. ~ 2010 ~ 
? EPIPHANY : Its not you who I miss , its the persn you used to be . Ppl change , whether it be for the bad or the good . You decide which .? 
Don't conform to the image of others because in the end you have to live with yourself and who you've become .. Be the person you were born as , the only person you were ever meant to be , be YOURSELF . No matter what , you are who you are . Accept it and be the person you want to be . 
? If you cant handle me at my worse , then you dont deserve me at my best .? 
im tired of trifflin ppl .. its 2010 .. BE UP .. i dont have time 4 da bs , drama , or games .. act like the grown up u claim 2 b an stop trynna ruin my life cuz urs iz effed up .. on my grown woman ish .. fucx da world wit a long < PROPMALE > .. 
Now I see much clearer , I realize 4 each day that I wake up in da morning 2 wash my face , its not u but me who's goin 2 b reflectin in da mirror . Its 2010 , time out 4 da bs , drama and games . Instead of bein a problem solve 1 , instead of cuttin somebody down build them up , and instead of bein fake try bein real for once in ya life . Lifes 2 short 2 bs . Get yaself rite before you even think about tryin 2 talk about somebody else 
!.???. MUSIC : THE LOVE OF MY LIFE .???.! 
? If you cant handle me at my worse , then you dont deserve me at my best .? 
? Lifes too short to be anything but happy .? 
? Some say holding on is what makes you STRONG . But sometimes it takes much more strength to just LET GO and MOVE ON .? 
so ... my punk ass bestie < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > finally got a fb .. boys trynna move on up in the world .. LoLz .. 
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears , the figure that she carries , or the way she combs her hair . The beauty of a woman must be seen in her eyes , because that is the doorway to her heart - the place where love resides . 
Happy Birthday to the greatest band director , musician , mentor , daddy , friend , and role-model of all time . His greaness will live on in the hearts of those he touched forever . HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR . T .? 
Happy Birthday to the greatest band director , musician , mentor , daddy , friend , and role-model of all time . His greatness will live on in the hearts of those he touched forever . HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR . T .? 
I hate it when guys get mad when they ask for my number and dont recieve it .. I know the Bible says \Ask And You Shall Receive\ " but it wasn't talking about my number .. SMH .. " 
Soooooo , when did originality become a crime .??? 
Anything worth having isn't going to be easy to obtain .. 
? A woman's heart is s deep ocean of secrets .? 
Guilty Pleasures .? 
Everything Im not made me everythin I am .. Loving ME ..? 
Thank you for reminding me of why I DON'T trust people or let them in .. 
Everything Im not made me everything I am ..? 
Sometimes things aren't exactly as you imagine , they're better ..? 
We cant live our lives based on other peoples fantasies ..? 
“I am who I am , take me or leave me .. but know one thing , I'm way more than you could ever imagine .. ” ? 
haha .. omg .. lol .. < PROPFEMALE > .. smiley faces .. x & o's .. lmfao ..? 
Mayweather .!!! 
You will never forget your first love . That's what makes it so special . You love so hard , so deeply , and so intensely because you don’t know any different . It's the best until it is over . Then you hurt like you've never been hurt before . Eventually you love again , but you love differently . You will love more carefully , more cautiously . 
Every individual is complex and a complete mystery to the next ... because personal growth and change are constant , I haven't even completely figured myself out yet . I'm a thinker , a lover , a fighter , a friend , and the list continues indefinitely .... my potential is LIMITLESS which makes me a great number of things to an even greater number of people ...? 
Have you ever lost a good thought and wish you could get it back , and your past gets in front of it . Negativity seems to act , while you temporarily see the good over what is bad . Potential in your mind grows stronger to defeat your past . Leave the past where it isand look towards the future .? 
? 2 more days .. ? 
It's 2010 .. Time for a change .. Don't keep doing the same stuff you did in 2009 .. 
I WILL ALWAYS LOVE HIM .. 
? The beauty of a woman must be seen in her eyes , because that is the doorway to her hear t-t he place where love resides ..? 
ITS ABOUT TO BE A REPEAT OF 08 . GAME 6 AND THE CELTICS ARE TAKIN IT ALL .. 
CELTICS .!! 
END OF 1ST .. CELTICS UP BY 9 :) 
LMAO @ I WOULD LIKE TO THANK MY PSYCHIATRIST .. 
CROSSROADS-BONE THUGS N < PROPFEMALE > 
Is a little bit of honesty too much to ask for these days ? 
Why are you looking for someone to hold you down instead of spreading your wings to fly ? The sky is no longer the limit . \\n * iNViNCiBLE * 
69 BY < PROPFIRST > GATES .. 
What you see is what you get .. 
It's 6 o ' clock in the mornin , why the hell are you gettin up turnin lights on . Ugh 
Ppl say they want the truth yet they can't handle it . Ppl say they're tired of lies yet they welcome them with open arms . Make up ya minds 
Why stand around waiting for things to happen when you can make them happen 
Beauty .. Freedom .. Truth .. Love .. 
Question fa the guys : If you an a girl fell off completely an stopped talkin why would it matter if she was talkin to another dude ? 
Temperature's risin ' an your body's yearnin ... for me-R . < PROPFIRST > 
I know things happen for a reason , it would just be nice to know why sometimes 
Love is an emotion that blinds us from the simple and obvious truth 
Like Lil < PROPMALE > said \I'm Single \"" 
Somebody once asked me why I do the things I do and I responded because I choose to . Isn't that what life is about : the choices we make and how they affect us 
After everything I've been through , ain't no other way to be but real 
Sometimes you gotta go through hell to get to heaven 
It's remarkable how similar the path of love is to the path of insanity . So does that mean that love makes us insane ? 
Love is the one poison nobody warns us about 
Some things just aren't meant to be understood 
Sometimes you have to cut ppl out of your life that you never thought you would have to 
Over the years alot of ppl told me what I COULDN'T do , well I'm here to show them what I CAN do 
Idk what's worse , not having a day off from work or coming back after finally getting a day off 
If you say somethin , make sure you can say it twice . If not , it's not even worth sayin it once 
If you don't wanna know the answer , don't ask . SIMPLE 
Somethings have changed that I wish never would've , yet there are somethings I wish would change that never do 
It's kinda funny how I didn't notice him before :) 
oFFiCiaLLy 19 
* thanks for the bday wishes everyone I really appreciate it .. 
I like it on the table 
* So somebody decided that they wanted to run my dog over today , when asked why didnt he stop AFTER knowing he hit her he replied he just didnt . Like WTF ?!?! Are you serious ?? 
No matter how perfect the day is , it always has to end 
I HATE it when ppl text me an tell me to call them . You couldve just called me in the time it took you to text me smh 
I cant stand it when a guy gets turned down by a girl and then talks down on her idk wats worse her bein what he said she was or him wantin her knowin what she is 
REALITY CHECK : Last time I checked I was NOT yo child and you are kindly mistaken if you think imma let you talk to me like you done lost ya d*mn mind . Dont get it twisted , you have been DISMISSED . Some ppl need to learn the meanin of respect 
Real loss is only possible when you love something more than yourself 
Being grown is a mindset . Just because you're older than me doesn't mean you're grown . You act as a child therefore I consider you to be one . Approach me when you grow up , I don't have time for games or childish demeanors 
I can only be me . So dont ask me to try to pretend to be somethin Im not . Accept me for who I am or move around , period point blank . Any questions ? 
You only get one < PROPMALE > at life , so make it count 
I hate it when ppl tell me their homeboy wanna talk to me . Last time I checked ya homeboy had 2 legs and a mouth to approach me and tell me himself 
They say things arent always what they seem . Sometimes I wish things were exactly as the seemed 
You'll never leave where you are until you decide where you'd rather be . * thinks * Decision made 
Tattoo or piercing ??? 
@Sammi Moore gone make me hurt her tonight RT 
Q & A .. Hit The Inbox 
Q . Sis how come you dont come you in the group anymore ? \\nA . Cuz I dont really go on there anymore , I do miss my babies though 
Q . Ok so since you dont come around no more including Skype do you have a Blackberry number or somethin to keep in touch\\nA . Inbox 
Q . Do u hav a jungle booty ? \\nA . WTF is a jungle booty ?!? 
Keep the questions comin 
NOW ACCEPTING ALL QUESTIONS .. 
Q . When was the last time you pampered yourself ? \\nA . Friday 
Hit my inbox with ya questions .. 
Q . If i needed sum momey real bad 4 a good ass reason would u b a stripper 4 3nites .. if so what u b ur stage name ? lmao\\nA . Wat was that reason again ?? Lmao 
It's time for a change 
It's true , the truth hurts . However , lies hurt far worse 
On Round 3 ! Man I Loovvvee Thanksgiving :) HMU 
Im pissed allllllll the way off .... This is one of the many reasons I need to go back to the ' H ' with the quickness 
Learn from other ppl's mistakes , you can't make them all on your own 
Some ppl are waayyy too dependent on others ... Look down an you'll see that God gave you your own pair of feet too . Now all you have to do is find the strength to stand on them . 
Its been a yr today since the greatest band director/daddy/mentor/teacher in the world was called home . My heart still aches but my mind comforts it because I know I will see him again . I love an miss you Mr. < PROPFIRST > B . Thornton RIP 
Hit the inbox with your < PROPFIRST > an Ill let you kno how I feel 
#299 you the true definition of a frreeaak 
#333 I really wish you wouldve told me wat you did a looong time ago ... I think we def couldve made somethin happen , still got mad love fa you though ;) 
#0807 OMG you know you my ride or die till the end an when we get together theres no stoppin us .. I luvses you wit all my heart ... 
#629 in school I thought you were mad funny an hella cool ..., wish we couldve , been closer 
#646 when we met , the ' twins ' became the ' triplets ' ... you sweet , hella cool , hilarious , an we need to get in some trouble real soon lol 
#5433 ummm I already did you , open ya eyes 
#24 I kno you prolly thought I was mean as hell naw but I had alot of fun effin with you in pre-cal wit my ace .. Lost of laughs and great times 
seventy five million and three fourths . 5 lol imma hurt you I swear , anywho you kno you my suga wuga .. we had so much fun in school and you always made me laugh , o yeah an I used to like you 
#324 you used to have me rollin at school , it used to be too sick 
#1 . 75 this chick rite , this chick rite here , naw this chick here nigga * in my Katt < PROPMALE > voice * lol you kno Ill cuts fa you an when we get together we gone go off lol an doesn't Dom still owe us that dinner ?? 
#3 , 000,000,000 giirrrllll you already kno lol when I come to Bama we gone have to tear some ish up lol ... Luv ya chica 
#20 wish we couldve gotten to kno each other better but you were really sweet an raw on the field 
#37 girl you know you my type of chick .. the ride or die , say what need to be said , fget ya emotions , suuck it up 2 tears < PROPFEMALE > bucket ..... Ill cut fa you anyday cuz I kno youd do the same 
#556 #556 #556 , where do I begin ... I got sooo much love fa you , I miss you dearly .. You were always there to talk or just listen , you were a strong person an tried not to let others get to you but I kno it was hard ... I knew you were always there , the true def of a friend 
#2 to the 9 to the 0 ... Heeyyyy lol you kno how we do ... Lol I love an miss yo crazy self , we need to kick it again 
Inbox the < PROPFIRST > an Ill tell you wat I think 
#1234 heeyyy lol youre kinda weird < PROPFEMALE > good way , you have an unusual sense of humor an a great personality ... 
#119 so you think you flawless ?? lol you mad funny an real cool .. o an you give good advice , btw Im mad at you cuz I was SUPPOSED to get a notification when you came back to civilization but noooo , instead I had to hear it through the grapeveine 
#3032 my big sissy , the pretty one with the big heart .. you know Im always here for you .. 
#333 so you trynna steal my numba huh ?? lol this chick rite here is my sister RT .. lol we been ride or die since the beginning an will be that way to the end .. were so much alike , an I thought one of me was bad enough .. She got a beautiful lil boy an alot goin for her , an if she ever ACT like she wanna lose my number imma hurt her * evil eye * lol luv ya chica an give my chunky monkey a kiss for me .. 
#365 my baby , I was hurt when yo lil begheaded self left lol ... you had so much potential , we had some good times and great laughs .. 
#69 you would pick that number , anywhoo idrk you but you cute an you have a nice body 
#24 ummm when are we goin for a ride in ya whip ?? its niiiiiice lol 
#2222 OMG I havent talked to you in forever an 3 days .. I misses you an yo weave-like hair lol .. We need to kick it real soon 
#2010 extremely random , says some of the sweetest things at times , overall he aite in my book 
#82 you were my very first and bestest friend out here ... we always had so much fun with < PROPFIRST > an < PROPFIRST > and had those deep talks with < PROPFEMALE > ... we need to do somethin , I miss you girlie 
#8701 idrk you but you cute 
#0404 the exact opposite of ya name lol .. You hella cool an we could be eatin buddies if we dont die from laughin so hard .. Imy girlie .. 
#1992 do you think I dont ?!? you were the first person I ever talked to at Willowridge an you were my best friend ... we could talk abt any an everything then when we started goin our seperate ways around the 2nd semester of jr yr it really hurt ... you know you will always be my sugar booger an I want things to be like they were .. Ily an imy < PROPFEMALE > .. 
#24 you seem really sweet an down to earth ... 
#21 giirrrlll we was hella cool freshman yr then fell off ... now we cool again , no love lost ... you was hella funny an always had me rollin ... 
#3 you cool an super sweet , btw you can hmu or somethin sometimes .. 
#167 Im glad we finally put our differences aside an became cool .. Ily an imy girlie .. You always had me rollin or doin the retard lol 
#51 we had too much fun in cal not learning anything lol ... Calculus is the devil !!! 
#2 well BEFORE you went MIA I thought you were cute even though you got on my last nerves at school 
#2008 you were kinda quiet but really cool ... you were like a big sister to me an imy ... 
I can't believe they're seriously considering closing down Willowridge High 
Today's gonna be a good day 
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance 
To fall in love with yourself is the first act of happiness 
Romantic love is mental illness . But it's a pleasurable one . It's a drug . It distorts reality , and that's the point of it . It would be impossible to fall in love with someone that you really * saw * 
Freedom is NOT something that anybody can be given . Freedom is something people take , and people are as free as they want to be 
You cant really appreciate up until youve been down 
Losing yourself is the worst thing you can do 
SOMEBODY TELL ME THE TEXANS DID NOT JUST LOSE ... 
If you have multiple rolls in every possible place please , pleaaaassssse do NOT wear tight clothing to emphasize it ... Thanks-the nauseated bystanders 
Good Morning !! If youre reading this it means you were blessed with the gift of life today . Dont take it for granted an4 remember , even the little things count 
I used to get mad when things didnt go my way , then I realised , my way isnt always the ' RIGHT ' way ... In this crazy journey called life we encounter alot of things that dont go ' OUR ' way ... So dont lay around complaining about it like a little b **** , make the most out of it , then you can truly be happy ... The road to happiness starts with you ... 
Question : Is it true that the only ppl that truly remain celibate are the ugly && unwanted ?? Lol I mean sexy ppl can be celibate too , right ?? 
Had a blast today with the besties , the bro , an the fam ... Met some of the coolest ppl ever , kinda dont want the day to end but even good days have to end in hopes of havin more like it ... Well Im on the way home sooooo HMU 
Life goes by too fast , you cant afford not to live .... 
< PROPMALE > was lookin too fine in that towel ... Mmm 
Oh yeah , its official .... The Game is gone be off the chain this season an I cnt wait til next Tuesday 
Sittin here with a chaotic mind , an empty sheet of paper , and an oped heart . Its been a long time , since Ive written anything but tonite , I write 
When it comes to matters of the heart there is no compensating , no alternatives , no substitutes , and absolutely no comprimises ... the heart wants what the heart wants , it possesses the purest form of < PROPFEMALE > an will put forth the strongest act of passion to get just that ... 
soooo Im supposed to be a Virgo , ummm not , Ima be a Libra til the day I die 
at home w/ Hunny < PROPFEMALE > waitin til the Pumkin get off , I love my girls an wouldnt trade them for anything in the world :) 
Its already started ... I can tell tonight's gonna be a rough night .... 
Sleep doesn't come easy to a restless mind , of all the things it has to consider it is always the last ... So I turn to the first , my pen , my paper , && my music 
\The Game\ " is on .... man I love this show .... " 
An Derwin is officially the best husband ever , it takes some strength to forgive somethin like that an stay with < PROPFEMALE > 
Good Morning !! Thoughts and words are very powerful . They can influence , tear down , or build up . So speak encouragement and think positively 
< PROPFEMALE > ;D 
I am destined for GREATNESS and I REFUSE to settle for less .. 
&& Im wide awake 
So my granny just put on abt 5 layers of clothes , some boots , && a scarf to go around the corner to my cousin's house lmao , man I love her 
Fresh cut && style , my fam hooked it up . Gotta love em 
&& it has officially begun 
Lets Get It STEELERS !!! \\n 
IMCOMPLETE !!! :) 
Its game time !! Lakers ¡ Celtics && my money's on the green an white baby !! 
Music is what feelings sound like .. Where words fail , It Music speaks ... 
Life is a b*tch an death is her sister 
He called just to say ' thanks ' :) Happy Valentines Day everybody 
Shopping :) 
Up with nothin to do today ... Any suggestions ?? 
Congrats < PROPFIRST > Griffin 
All-Star Game ... EASTERN 
I need a BAD BOY !!! ;) 
;) 
If you gone cheat on somebody at least upgrade .. You have a beautiful woman or handsome man at home , why would you go out && find yourself somethin that looks like a < PROPFEMALE > cricket ?? I mean you CANT be serious .. 
Up && getting ready for practice .. Got alot to do today && even more to do tomorrow .. 
My niece is really sittin ova here doin my lil cousin's hair lol , I love my babies .. 
Story of my life , smh 
My day just got a whoooole lot better :) 
-- put your # in my inbox if you think Im cute , I dare you to put this as your status an see how many < PROPFIRST > you get 
