just thinking about < PROPFIRST > and hoping that nothing is wrong with the poor little guy ! 

My poor hemi dog , may he rest in piece ! 
Yeah we are up to 0 degrees so far today lmao .. Its suppose to get up to to five hahaha .. I am staying in today ! 
Aha . I got it to finally work lol 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment : 
Thankyou !!!!! 
I am happy to be home with my family for the day !!!!!!!! 
\The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything ; they just make the best of everything they have ! \"" 
Our behavior , attitudes and actions determine our < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Looking for a daycare that will work with my shiftwork ? know any ??? 
my head hurts and feels like it is going to explode . I feel so lost and alone right now and don't see much point in fighting anymore : 
people say good things come to those who wait , i have been waiting where is my something good ? :( 
I misss my life ! I want it back ! 
Sure wish life didnt suck ! 
sometimes its best to forget how you feel & remember what you DESERVE 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can ... raise awareness . 
Hanging with the kidos !!! 
Well i am signing off .... 
i came back to post my pictures from camping thought everyone should see them 
“Life is full of beauty . Notice it . Notice the bumble < PROPFEMALE > , the small child , and the smiling faces . Smell the rain , and feel the wind . Live your life to the fullest potential , and fight for your dreams . ” 
“Only\ 
a life lived for others is a life worth while . ” 
“I've\ 
learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what \ 
you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . ” 
“Sometimes we\ 
must let go of the life we have planned , so as to accept the one that \ 
is waiting for us . ” 
“The\ 
hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to \ 
burn 
Sometimes in life our actions and thoughts can alter the way others feel , react toward , or even care for us . More often than we think we need to think of the long term effects of our decisions , Think before you act or you may regret what you have done , for there is no turning back ! 
My kids are out of control today save me 
Its going to be 65 degrees today here in yeah ! Nice and < PROPFEMALE > ! Going sight seeing today ! 
so much to do today .. put trim in the bathroom and paint it .. and start gutting the basement for the much needed rebuild 
Yeah got the front door painted on the inside now just got to paint the out side lol 
If you want something in life sometimes you have to fight for it .. It may be hard but it will be worth it in the end 
What to do what to do when you cant sleep lol 
YEah !!! Christmas shopping is done hooray 
No fun i have to work graveyards tonight .. :( 
wow it only took 1 hr 15 minutes to get home from work this morning lol ... man the road where horrible 
Going to change the bath fan out and put in a fan heat yeah ! No more cold bathroom hehe 
Brrr its cold and snowing 
Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Well it got cold and the truck wont start lol .. I hope it will after its plugged in for a few hours lol 
It's finally nice out today and I have to work lol 
What a boring day lol 
Sure wish I could sleep . To much on my mind ... what to do what to do 
Lol it was so cold again today my truck wouldnt start lol .. sure wish i would remember to plug it in after i drive it 
Life is good ! 
Lompoc was really nice had a wonderful time 
Cant believe that it will be 3 years working at Church and < PROPMALE > this year crazy .. 
A one moment you think life is figured out . Than all of the sudden life is full of uncertainty and fear . What do you do ??? 
What a boring night lol 
Can't sleep got lots and lots on my mind this sucks 
Looking for anyone who would like to put my clutch in my pickup for me Lol ! let me know 
Yum yum coffee with Vanilla caramel creamer !!! 
What the heck my mirror on my truck git broke and now my garage foor falls off what a day lol 
Oh yeah off to work in a few yippy 
Thankyou to everyone for wishing me a Happy birthday ! It was a great day ! 
Nothing . Like latenight cartoons lol 
Do you ever really get done cleaning lmao !!!!! 
Spent days putting a clutch in my < PROPFEMALE > drive it for three days and the distributor for a out lol . I need a Ford 
Distributor goes out lol 
It's was a really good day 
Does anyone want a black tabby cat female fixed current on shots . Nice with kids 
