my new year could have been much better 

is tired 
really bored somebody text me 
Listen to \Money to Blow\ " by Birdman " 
Academic All-State 
D11 is retarded ... its 5 friggen degrees outside and my backyard looks like a ski resort 
Come on stormtrooper .. Don't die on me < PROPMALE > . :( 
5 hours til my birthday 
thinking about football , and how next year we need to bring back the old < PROPFIRST > where people actual cared about their school and went to games and were proud to be Marauders 
Should i throw for track ??? 
rocked the play last night ... bout to rock it tonight 
i can be big . I can be tough . But all i have to be is the best person possible . and those don't matter . 
< PROPFIRST > Kong Phooey !!! Number One Super Guy !!! 
don't know what to say about it .... just gonna sit back and pray . 
You say it's black , but I can't believe you , And if you say it's white , you say I'm tryin to deceive you , and BABY , I'm aware of the high and the low , and I'd be waiting for you in the middle but I just lack control ... good song 
\At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet . \ " - Plato " 
When you grab ahold of me , you tell me that I'll never be set free . but I'm a parasite , creep and crawl I step into the night . Two pints of booze . Tell me are you a badfish too ? ( are you a badfish too ? ) Ain't got no money to spend . I hope the night would never end . Lord knows I'm weak . Won't somebody get get me off of this reef ?... another good song 
Who wants to see Sublime with rome at the fillmore with me on April 26 ?... i guess < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > reunited and got a new singer named Rome Ramirez .... RIP < PROPMALE > Nowell 
you got you hair permed , you got that red dress on , screaming that second it was such a turn-on .... and the fog formin on my window tells me that the mornings here and you'll be gone before too long ... who taught you those new tricks ? man i shouldn't start that talk , but life is one big question when you're staring at the clock ... good song 
me and my girl , we got this relationship . i love her so bad but she treats me like a ... on lock down like a penitentiary she spreads her lovin ' all over and when she gets home there's none left for me 
Become a fan of Salacious B . Crumb !!!! 
my car did the kessel run in less than five parsecs 
When I was just a baby my mama told me . Son , always be a good boy , don't ever play with guns ... But I shot a man in Reno . just to watch him die , now every time I hear that whistle I < PROPFEMALE > my head and cry .. 
Any man may easily do harm , but not every man can do good to another . - Plato 
Nature's first green is gold , Her hardest < PROPFEMALE > to hold . Her early leaf's a flower ; But only so an hour . Then leaf subsides to leaf . So < PROPFEMALE > sank to grief , So < PROPFEMALE > goes down to day . Nothing gold can stay . 
For the < PROPFEMALE > never beams without bringing me dreams Of the beautiful < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ; And the stars never rise but I see the bright eyes Of the beautiful < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ; And so , all the nigh t-t ide , I lie down by the side Of my darling , my darling , my life and my bride , In her sepulchre there by the sea -- In her tomb by the side of the sea . 
blah 
You're the cutest thing that I ever did see . I really love your peaches , Want to shake your tree . Lovey dovey , lovey dovey , lovey dovey all the time . Ooh wee baby , I sure show you a good time :) 
haha i became a fan of < PROPMALE > getting more fans than doherty ... just cause i think doherty needs to shut their freakin mouths .... honestly , what exactly is it that you do better than all the other schools in the springs ? 
don't you just love sitting around all morning with no shirt , no school , and no cares in the world ? 
Ever poor your heart and soul into something and get nothing in return , then realize something just as good has been right in front of you the whole time but you didn\t acknowledge it ? " 
why do people focus on the negaives in life when we can just as easily focus on the good things ???? 
You never close your eyes any more when I kiss your lips and there's no tenderness like before in your fingertips .... You're trying hard not to show it baby , But baby , baby I know it ... You've lost that loving feeling ... Oh , that loving feeling ... You've lost that loving feeling ... Now it's gone , gone , gone ... Whoa-oh 
I'm feeling rough , I'm feeling raw , I'm in the prime of my life . Let's make some music , make some money , find some models for wives . 
I would not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum . 
NAMBLA ... North American < PROPMALE > Brando Look-Alikes .. not North Amercian Man-Boy Love Association ... haha gotta love south park . 
If there were lyrics to the song \Classical Gas\ " it would be the meaning of life . " 
i just realized for some reason that , if you squint my tattoo kinda looks like two people kissing :) 
Lyin ' in my plastic bed thinkin ' how things weren't so cool to me . my baby likes to shoot pool . I like lyin ' naked in my bedroom tying on the dinosaur tonight it used to be so cool to ... But now i've got the needle and i can shake but i can't breathe i take it away but i want more , and more one day i'm gonna lose the war 
Evil I've come to tell you that she's evil most definitely Evil ornery scandalous and evil most definitely The tension is getting hotter I'd like to hold her head underwater 
We took this trip to Garden Grove It smelled like Lou-dog inside the < PROPFIRST > , oh yeah This ain't no funky reggae party , $5 at the door It gets so real sometimes , who wrote my rhyme I got the microwave , got the VCR I got the deuce-deuce in the trunk of my car , oh yeah If you only knew all the love that I found It's hard to keep my soul on the ground . - Garden Grove by Sublime 
I want to choke < PROPFIRST > Bieber but i am afraid i would get arrrested for beating a woman 
Half the lies they tell about me aren't true ... 
Being on top of helm's deep with an M60 ... How legit . 
Sometimes real strength is having power and choosing not to use it . 
Haha ... I am on Team Blade ... He will gut < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . 
Someday , when i'm awfully low ... when the world is cold ... i will find a glow just thinking of you , and the way you look tonight . 
I decided that whenever i enter a room today , i am gonna do it as if it were my entrance into the ring in WWE . 
Trogdor T . Burninator 
Attitude reflects leadership 
Why can't life be like the stories portray ? 
A man's dying is more the survivor's affair than his own ... RIP < PROPFIRST > . 
This whole class smells like armpit . 
< PROPFIRST > Butt had a very strong will to survive ... Be just kept pushin ' even though he was barely alive . 
In the summertime , when the weather is high ... You can stretch my love and touch the sky ... In the summertime , you got women , you got women on your mind . 
I love sublime :) 
i am thinking about going to the \Chase Long Beach\ " concert tonight at the black sheep at 7:30 ... anybody wanna join ? " 
Kindness is just love with its work-boots on . 
Nothing worth having comes easy 
Revelations 13:18 ... i can't figure it out ... i am pretty sure it is a riddle . 
NEBULOUS ! i like it 
NEBULOUS ABEYANCE ! 
Proverbs 11:24 
If you've come to be yourself , original , let it shine ... if all your friends are friends of love than they're all friends of mine . 
Is it okay to give up on giving your love to a girl to recieve nothing , and to just start making the world and everything in it the love of your life ? 
I am afraid i am gonna start doing < PROPFEMALE > meth if these anti-drug campaigns don't stop advertising and showing nasty pictures to me . it is quite annoying . 
Baby , you so nice ... I wanna do the same thing twice ... I loooove you so much . Oh whoa oh . 
You know that I love you , \ 
\ 
Baby , but you just won't let me . \ 
Every morning I get up , I sip my cup ;\ 
My eyes get red , n o-o ne to help me . \ 
One more thing I'd like to say right here , \ 
I'd like to say : baby , you so nice :\ 
I'd like to do the same thing twice , yeah ! 
there was a decorated general with a heart of gold , that likened him to all the stories he told of past battles won and lost and legends of old ... a seasoned veteran of his own time . on the battlefield he gained respectful fame , with many medals of bravery and stripes to his name . he grew a beard as soon as he could to cover the scars on his face . he always urged his men on . 
You down with OPP ? 
Should i dye my hair blonde and grow it out , or should i shave it all off , or should i cut it short then dye it blonde ? 
Why is it that things never happen the way you plan ? 
i am diggin ' this rastafari movement .... give love , think positive , accept all others , and help as much as you can ... and love and respect jah ( god ) 
You know you are a football player when you make yourself a breakfast consisting of : 4 eggs , 2 full bratwursts and 2 full potatoes ... all in one pan . 
Make that 5 eggs . 
I remember when you used to tell me\ 
Tell me that you loved no one else but me\ 
But now the time has changed\ 
You don't want to see me again\ 
You're breakin ' my heart and you're makin ' me sad\ 
Oh noooooooo 
I wonder if Jesus ever went around calling people gay , and making fun of them ... What great christians . 
One crappy day ... Funny how one or two comments from one or two inconsiderate people can ruin your day . 
Surprisingly cutting open a dead rat and basically playing with it's insides in Biology actually wasn't as disgusting as i anticipated . 
once we get over get the power of love over our love of power then the world will be a much better place 
You see dem < PROPFIRST > boys , now they some bad boys . 
I hate going to the grosery store on vacation ... It always has to be so complicated ... We have been in safeway for an hour . 
I met a guy today , and his first name was McRandom . 
We just arrived at < PROPFEMALE > . 
sunburn sucks ... i am spending my day without a shirt on . 
I am gonna make a burger where the buns are grilled cheese sandwiches ... It will be epic ....... And really unhealthy . 
The worst sunburn of my life .... i feel like it will peel to the bone ... sunscreen is actually a really good thing . lol . 
makin money today :) 
had a weird dream last night , that kinda made me think ... i coulda been nicer to some peole in my past ... i am sorry if i was really ever rude to any of you . 
\One day 
\Get Him To The Greek \"= funniest movie in so long .... i was laughing constantly . " 
Another huge breakfast . 
Weird dream last night ... I went back in time to like the 1920s and went to < PROPFEMALE > harbor and we did a tiger tour ... >:/ 
Psalm 27 : 1-3 ... probably the most awesome three verses in the whole bible . 
these shoulders hold up so much , they won't budge . I'll never fall or fold up . 
What's this feeling ? My love will rip a hole through the ceiling\ 
I \ 
give myself to you from the essence of my being\ 
An ' I sing to my God , \ 
these songs of love an ' healing\ 
I want Mashiach now , and it's time \ 
we start revealing 
Matisyahu is a beast . 
\When it becomes easier to love than to hate 
C'mon Blackhawks ... Just 13 more minutes . 
Freck ! the flyers scored ... 3-3 . 
eh ... Can't go to weights , effing car problems .... i have to take off the whole door panel and see what is wrong ... StormTrooper ! Don't fail me ! 
Walk with me , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Through the park and by the tree . We will rest upon the ground , And look at all the bugs we found . Safely walk to school without a sound , Safely walk to school without a sound . 
Rah ! 
I just realized it is mostly white people who listen to lil ' < PROPMALE > ... 
national man day , tomorrow , is gonna be so awesome ! 
FREE WEEZY ! 
MAN DAY IS HERE ! BE A MAN , MAN . 
i'm gonna go do something manly 
I am gonna laugh if it turns out that big foot is just some hairy dude who is afraid of razors/shaving . 
hands down .... the M60 is much more beastly than the PKM , i don't care what deadliest warrior says . 
B.S. !!! A celt warrior would kill a persian immortal any day . 
\I arise in the morning torn between a < PROPFEMALE > to \ 
Hold out your stalkings , kids ! 
ahhh ... textsfromlastnight.com ... you brighten my day 
My dad got all pissed off about the price , so long story short ... I am keeping my wisdom teeth for a little while . 
I don't think stride shift actually changes flavors , i think it just tastes like crap and keeps tasting crappier the longer you chew . 
< PROPFIRST > Quick and Samad Ferrell , Your weight room dance-off made my day . haha 
So for some reason , in my sleep i pulled the pillow cases off of all of my pillows . 
Sticks and stones may break my bones but i'm gonna kick you repeatedly in the balls !!! 
In the weightroom for two hours before breakfast ... Then another two before dinner . 
Watchin game film from last year ... We really need to step it up . 
Live fast , die young , and have the heart of a lion . 
Swoll patrol !!! 
Jeepers creepers is probably one of the most scary/crazy movies ever .... possibly the only actually scary movie of the past 20 years . 
SWOLL PATROL 
the way out of a room is not through the\ 
door . just don't want out and you are free 
I see you're drinking 2% , is that because you think your fat ? 
WHA T.T HE . JUNK . 
If you want to get with me girl this is what you'll find but a man who's got the type of moves to make u loose your mind . You tell me that your love is true on each and every day , you tell me that you've got that type of lovin ' here to stay\ 
SWEET < PROPFEMALE > 
Can't you read ?!?! Monday night is gay night ! 
I have run 3 < PROPMALE > today ... I think my legs might fall off . 
U see them < PROPFIRST > boys ? now they some bad \ 
boys !!! 
Summertime , and the livin ' is easy ... 
Sleepin creepin evidence your leavin wish you were here so I could sleep just shy of a lie . Open up \ 
the window sill find a cold piece of anything that I ever loved ... only thing I ever loved ... 
Really great night . 
Boston's a great city , i love to visit old churches . 
Didn't you use to be a boy scout ?... No , but i ate a brownie once . 
We live on front porches and swing life away , We get by just fine here on minimum wage\ 
If love is a labor I'll slave till the end , I won't cross these streets until you hold my hand . 
And if I could swim , I'd swim out to you in the ocean , \ 
Swim out to where you were floating in the dark . \ 
And if I was blessed , I'd walk on the water you're breathing , \ 
To lend you some air for that heaving , sunken chest . 
Ah ! i have been in relative solitary confinement for 3 hours ... i am so bored that i am literally battling insanity . ahhh ! 
I'm not an astronaut , I'm an American . 
When all your moneys gone , Where will you be ? If your love is strong , Thats all you need . 
There is no combination of words I could put on the postcard\ 
And no song that I could sing , but I can try because this is your heart and this is\ 
Our dreams and they are made out of real things\ 
Like a shoebox of photographs with sepia-toned loving\ 
Love is the answer at least for most of the questions in my heart . 
I kinda love the nighttime ... Freedom to roam around the house in underwear and slippers . 
Blackbird singin in the dead of night , take these broken wings and learn to fly . 
< PROPFIRST > plays the drums , < PROPFIRST > is his friend . 
so , i love sublime , and matisyahu , and the dirty heads , and boulder , and fort collins , and red rocks ... so pretty sweet weekend in all . 
Just sneezed while using listerine ... Worst . Feeling . Ever ... My nose is on fire . 
what good colleges are there , that have decent engineering programs , and that are not CU , CSU , or The school of mines ??? 
surprisingly feeling pretty amazing 
Sometimes I pray , waiting waiting for some bright holiday , So I bought\ 
myself a gun and I'm right back right back where I'm from . 
Subliminal thoughts when I'm stop sending them , women are caught in webs , \ 
spin ' em and hauk venom . Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop , Amoxacilin's just not real enough . 
If I were to die , murdered in cold blood tomorrow , Would you feel sorrow or show love ? Or would it matter ? Can never be the lead-off batter of things . Shit for me to feed off , I'm see-saw battling . But theres way too much at stake for me to be fake , There's too much on my plate . 
i need a job ... the line up for the mile high music festival looks SO AWESOME , but it is about $100/ticket ... AHHHHH ! 
Ain't nothin wrong , whoo , ain't nothin right . and still i sit and lie awake all night . 
As I was walking down rubadub square , Not a chill to the weather but a\ 
nip to the air . From another direction she was caught in my eye , It\ 
could be an illusion , but I might as well try .. might as well try . 
I tell you it's a cold world , stay in school . You tell me it's a man's world , play the rules . 
I get no kick from champagne , mere alcohol doesn't thrill me at all .... So\ 
tell me why should it be true that I get a kick out of you ? 
i like beanies ... 
I was chainsawin ' it up like a boss ! 
Woman hold her head and cry , ' Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died ... 
I'm so happy ' cause today I found my friends , They're in my head ... I'm\ 
so ugly , that's okay ' Cause so are you , Broke our mirrors . Sunday\ 
morning is everyday for all I care , And I'm not scared . Light my\ 
candles , in a daze ' Cause I've found God . 
Light a candle for the dead , The wick is burning returning what we have ... It's who we are , We'll reach you if you're beyond the furthest < PROPFEMALE > . 
Goodbye , my almost lover\ 
Goodbye , my hopeless dream\ 
I'm trying not to think about you\ 
Can't you just let me be ? 
okay , i am taking a break from ... life .. for about two weeks ... no facebook , as little texting as possible , and i am going to ... idk ... learn about myself .... so ya . bye everybody for a while . 
Quote of the day : \why does the locker room smell like vaseline and regret ? \"- Cody < PROPMALE > " 
The greatest thing a man can ever learn , is to love and be loved in return . 
Blisters all over my feet , pulled both of my traps , messed up both calves , drenched my practice jersey in blood , and i still need to step it up out there . 
i give up the non-facebook thing ... i leave for mission trip tomorrow . 10 days is long enough without facebook 
High expectations from my coaches , my team , my school , and my community ... I need to step up my game . 
Pretty content with today's practice . Got a little dinged up . But today was all right . I still need to improve though . 
well ... i am gonna be gone for a while , off to Tennessee ... No phone , no facebook ... just me , my mission team , god , and a bunch of people in need of help .... so i guess this is goodbye , at least for a little while ... Bye everybody 
Home sweet home :) 
That's right , consider yourself warned\ 
I'm offensive and creative like handicapped porn 
My flow's so cold I need a tampon from a polar bear . 
i need to get some money together so i can go to reggae on the rocks on the 28th . 
I am ready to cook up some grizzly , come september 3rd 
Going to attempt to make the best grilled cheese on planet earth . 
I'm all registered up ... now i have to be back at noon , so i can help more people get registered up . 
my schedule for this year :\ 
1 ) Sports Entertainment & Marketing\ 
2 ) Peer Counseling\ 
3 ) Physics\ 
4 ) Health \ 
5 ) English\ 
6 ) Trigonometry\ 
7 ) U.S. Government 
I might join the swim team this year ... 
# 74 ! 
I want to see rebelution in concert ! 
hmm ... enlisting doesn't seem like too bad of an idea at this point . 
Just like I said before , give me two weeks\ 
When I come home , I'll come and say hello , \ 
With hugs and kisses for you , Mrs. \how I miss you so\ " . \ 
i love having my facebook language set to \english ( pirate) \"" 
What is a guy to give a girl , who seems have everything ? 
why is it that everybody who says that love and getting past our stupid hate can draw the world together gets murdered : < PROPFIRST > Lennon , Che Guevara , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. , JESUS CHRIST . You know , people like that . 
As a grin , turns to hysterical laughter . What is my search ? What am i after ? 
I think i gain brain cells from watching The Big Bang Theory . 
So supposedly , if cheerleading were easy they'd call it football ... let's see them do 300s with us , or maybe take a hit from a 220-pound guy at full speed . 
I love my sports marketing class ... All we did today was watch the broncos-browns 1986 playoff game . 
Girl I'm going crazy , ' cause I can't get you off my mind . Seems like the only thing that I think about - ohoh - well is you all the time . I have no words to express the way I feel about you ... I've found my heart's < PROPFEMALE > – baby it's you ! 
Week #2 .. let's go . 
Whenever I'm alone with you\ 
You make me feel like I am home again\ 
You make me feel like I am whole again 
everybody go to gazettepreps.com and vote for < PROPFIRST > on their poll . 
Hey , were in New York .. I gotta gun , let's go to a broadway show . 
why am i watching < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Dear God , Thanks for blessing me with such a great life :) . Amen . 
Hey < PROPFIRST > , don't make it bad\ 
Take a sad song and make it better\ 
Remember to let her into your heart\ 
Then you can start to make it better 
So supposedly , Mesa Ridge has a 91% < PROPMALE > of beating us .. needless to say , i have my motivation .. Let's shock the world , Marauders . 
For it was not into my ear you whispered , but into my heart .. It was not my lips you kissed , but my soul . 
The best thing about me is you . 
Voodoo Lady , Shakin ' that stick and drivin ' me crazy .. Your eyes look red and hazy . Doin ' that stuff that you do .. Messin ' me up with your voodoo 
Far is solace in the maddening pace .. sad state written on my face .. not a tight rope walk but dance .. uncertain game of < PROPMALE > , but I'll see it through in time .. I'll be here awhile . 
i don't know what i am thinking ... just being bored . listening to music . and sitting in front of my computer with my shirt off . lol . 
Playin ' soccer with < PROPFIRST > Sheen ... I wish my dreams were that chill . 
My pick to win the BCS national championship : Oregon . 
I just did the most epic imitation of < PROPFEMALE > rule . during our trip to taco < PROPFEMALE > . 
In times of trouble ... Everyone joins a team ... Noone waves a flag .. For all human beings . 
I told you she would never consciously betray the Rebellion . 
what the hell have i eaten today ?? screw health homework . 
If this is a consular ship , WHERE is the ambassador ? 
Avon shouldn't be aloud to make car parts ... 
Gonna push it past the threshold .. greatness is within my grasp .. i just have to want it . 
Don't walk in front of me , I may not follow . \\nDon't walk behind me , I may not lead . \\nJust walk beside me and be my FRIEND ! 
the reasonable man just adapts himself to the world .. whereas , the unreasonable man fights to make the world adapt to him .. this is why progress is dependant on the unreasonable man . 
Im gonna stand-out .. People will remember this name . 
Talk to me Mr. Sinatra ... I need your wisdom . 
\Never give the ocean to a thirsty man\ " -yours truly . " 
Jalapeno eating contest ... Regret . 
i am hurting in places that i don't remember getting hit ... mornings after games suckkkkkk .... home coming was pretty great though . 
Chalk one up for the team , if you know what i mean .. I'm still young .. man , i got time to dream . 
Central College . Hmm .. they got a good program ... but they are in Iowa .. the middle of nowhere . 
We will fight them until hell freezes over .. Then we will fight them on the ice . 
F W ... If you know what i mean . 
I just . hate wasson .. gonna go balls to the wall everyday this week at practice . 
The clouds are giving today a gloomy feel . 
tired of people talking crap about the team .... if you are gonna talk , you might as well it up and go out on the field with us too . and take hits like us , and run 300s with us , and do up-downs with us .. and after that we'll see if you still wanna talk . 
ooo .. i just want to play this game right here . right now ... i am so ready .. let's go ! 
To all the people who doubted , i have one word for you ... HELMET !! 
So lock it up lock it up cause were on our way now and if we see one light on this town is going down . Now do you see what I see this place is lookin so very tasty and I think I smell yes I smell a < PROPFEMALE > opportunity . 
Boomer Sooner . Who's number 1 ?? that's right ! OKLAHOMA ! 
<3 
It's me against the world .. and you better believe i am swinging first . 
I got an 80 on the ASVAB !! 
i can't wait for growvember ... i will have a beautiful beard . 
lik emy status & I'll tell you ; 1 . something I learned about you by creeping your wall for 15 seconds 2 . the color you remind me of 3 . a memory I have of you 4 . an animal you remind me of 5 . something I have always wandered about you 6 . my favorite thing about you 7 . what's on my ... shirt . I challenge you to repost this . :) 
This world is mine for the ta < PROPMALE > . Make me < PROPMALE > , as we move toward a , new world order . \ 
A normal life is borin , but super stardom's close to post mortem . 
.. and i don't ever wanna feel like i did that day . Take me to the place i love . Take me all the way ... 
Follow me . And everything is alright .. I'll be the one to tuck you in at night .. and if you wanna leave , i can guarantee you won't find nobody else like me . 
\The true revolutionary is guided by feelings of love . \ " - Che Guevara " 
Marketing teachers : The most difficult people in the world to sell things to . 
Let the lovin ' take a hold of me cuz it will if you let it . \ 
I'm funky not a junkie but I know where to get it . \ 
No trouble no fuss I know why ... \ 
It's so nice I wanna hear the same song twice\ 
It's so nice I wanna hear the same song twice 
Sublime . Rebelution . Pepper .. My playlist is complete . 
When you were born , you cried and the world rejoiced ... Live your life in such a manner that when you die the world cries and you rejoice . 
I'll be here a while , i ain't goin ' no where ... 
It's amazing , I'm the reason everybody fired up this evening .. \ 
I'm exhausted , barely breathing . \ 
Holding on to what I believe in ... No matter what , you'll never take that from me .. \ 
My reign is as far as your eyes can see .. \ 
It's amazing , so amazing , so amazing , so amazing . 
What has been told about a man of stone .. Just remember that he's flesh and bone . 
yup ... countless hours in the weightroom . bludgeoning practices . head injuries . bruises from head to toe . exhausting windsprints . giving my all in everything ... and what is my reward ? my named read off a sheet of paper and a little metal pin . 
had a dream that i won state in wrestling and shocked the world .. and well . today is 11-11 .. Gonna do work in that wrestling room . 
So Mr. DJ , please don't stop music .. I wanna know if you feel the same way too .. 
He jests at scars that never felt a wound 
We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us . 
i just want to get this MRI out of the way . and figure out what is going on with this here brain of mine .. 
a compare and contrast essay about obama and hitler . ya , my teacher's a democrat .. maybe i want to piss her off . lol . 
I don't need your advice ... that's what i have God for . 
\I mean . If it weren't for people . The earth would just be . Animals .. And an urban place for mice and other stuff to roam around .. \"" 
peachfuzz game tomorrow ... bout to be a total show-off 
\Watch me drift away . From this place that i don't know anymore .. watch me drift away .. away . from this place that was my home . \"" 
I want a shake-weight for christmas . 
I'm having trouble trying to sleep . I'm counting sheep but running out . As time ticks by , And still I try .. No rest for crosstops in my mind .. On my own ... here we go 
So many times i loved you more than myself .. Its time to take that love and put it on the shelf . 
\ .. But . now the times have changed .. You'll never love me again . your breakin ' . your breakin ' my heart . and your making me sad . \"" 
I flipped the cards over and saw hearts . I shuffled them and said , “I don’t deal with love . ” 
I'm tired of happily-ever-after endings . I'm tired of make believe \ 
heroes . I'm tired of taking back what I have given . I'm tired of waking \ 
up here . 
.. He died a confused man . Killed himself with his own mind . 
I feel myself changing .. Whether or not it is for the better . I don't care ... it's better for me . 
A heart like a lion . Burning like fire .. Waiting just to be set free . 
And i can spend the rest of this lazy afternoon away with you .. 
maybe tomorrow will never come . or maybe it will . but then it's too late . a-huh . 
pretty much set on going to Western State for College . 
F *** Poetry 
\Tech tech nine nine . Shit . Im lovin it . \"" 
logic has diminished . and it blows my mind . 
\Where'd you go ?.. i've missed you so .. seems like it's been forever . since you've been gone .. just come back home .. \"" 
My life is like a < PROPFEMALE > day Always bright out never ever in the shade Now that has all changed There is nothing you can do to make me drown Stop me right now I'm not going to be the one to be held down , Even though that I'm low I want you to know It's time for me to ditch this heavy load 
and you look so fine .. when you lie it just don't show .. but i know which wayyyy the wind blows . 
My whole dream last night was about < PROPFIRST > Swift coming over to my house and hanging out like we had something going on .. It was pretty awesome . 
Flexibility is the key to tactical success . 
If the elves are so high and mighty , why don't they just take the ring back to mordor ?? pricks . 
I'm burning up , In the fire of my soul .. I'm burning up , There is no way I can stay in control .. 
< PROPMALE > Charming never ceases to amuse the ladies . 
< PROPMALE > Baumgartner and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Morrison are not allowed to be any of the charming brothers .. or we're throwing down . lol . 
Truth is , all i want for christmas .. is you . 
so i have a word bank for < PROPMALE > Campagnola and < PROPFIRST > Dunavin ... here's how it goes : Brenden , Rope Swing , Faceplant , < PROPMALE > Balboa , Concussion , Hysterical laughter , Memory Loss , And Ultimate Hilarity . 
\I aint scared .. But i ain't ready . \"" 
I'll be damn momma . they know who i am momma . i'm still your little boy . but to them i'm the man momma . 
What is love ? What do i love ? What is passion ? What am i passionate about ?.. why does that crap matter , and why do i need to accept it ? 
\i was born .. i am alive .. and someday i will die . but not today . \ " -Me " 
fricka-fresh ! 
i got ice in my veins . blood in my eyes . hate in my heart . love on my mind . i seen nights full of pain . Days of the same . you keep the sunshine . save me the rain . 
What what ? who's < PROPMALE > ? oh ya . 
writing songs and making music provides a peaceful solitude for the soul 
Some may tell me i'm a fool . a fool who walks this road alone .. So afraid of making changes . Remember that nothing is carved in stone . 
Power to the peaceful 
Soundtrack 2 my life- Kid Cudi ... That's me . 
Got this new workout supplement .. i took one sip and felt my blood pumping like crazy .. 16 oz . later i feel like i am gonna rip something's head off . 
If people convince you that you are the bad guy for long enough . Eventually the fictional becomes a brutal reality . 
\ .. said i told you that i love you .. and there ain't no more to say . \"" 
As if things weren't going great for me already .. now i need a new car . 
said i'm tired of the questions . i'm tired of second-guessing . every day of my life is just another lesson . 
If i fall , if i die , know i lived it to the fullest .. If i fall , if i die , know i lived by missing bullets . 
Insomnia ? what else could my mind draw me to do than to write three songs within a thirty-minute period ? 
I wish i was like you . Easily amused .. Find my nest of salt .. Everything's my fault . 
i'll take advantage while ... you < PROPFEMALE > me out to dry .. but , i can't see you every night ... freeeeee .. freeeeee . freeeeeee . 
Walk a mile just to see her smile .. Walk a mile . Just to walk for a while . 
She said i love-uh the way you move . i love the way you rap . 
It's amazing how , when put through enough stress , you begin to absolutely hate the very things you used to love . 
Pause for a minute . Guarantee you're gonna bleed . 
I'd rather fail at chasing my dreams .. then fail to not < PROPMALE > them . 
\Turn that smile upside-down . About a hundred reasons to frown right now ... \ " - Lyrics from one of my new songs . " 
Don't know if I'm comin ' up or down . Am I happy or in misery ? Whatever it is , that girl put a spell on me . 
Hi kids , do you like primus ? wanna see me stick nine-inch nails through each one of my eyelids ??.. wanna get f***ed up worse than my life is ?? 
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks . 
Don't want these feelings in my head , don't want to cry my self to bed no no no more . Don't want these feelings in my head , don't want to cry my self to bed no no no more . I'm burning up In the fire of my soul . I'm burning up There is no way I can stay in control . I'm burning up in the fire of my soul . I'm burning up there is no way 
So your old love is through , And you're looking for someone new . Don't you , don't you try to lie . I've seen the longing glimmer in your eyes . So you're digging a shallow grave for your heart because it won't behave . I'll grab a shovel , you grab a spade , And we'll dig that shallow grave . You need someone tonight , Someone to hold you tight . My darling , can't you see , That someone is me ? 
At least my guitar won't lie to me ... 
Any man with a microphone can tell you what he loves the most .. 
starting off my morning right . a protein shake , nine different pills for workout supplements , and a shower . 
The Lord is my light and my salvation ; whom shall I fear ? The Lord is the stronghold of my life ; of whom shall I be afraid ? When evildoers assail me to eat up my flesh , my adversaries and foes , it is they who stumble and fall . Though an army encamp against me , my heart shall not fear ; though war arise against me , yet I will be confident . 
DA BEARS ! 
Glad that i'm starting to finally put back on some mass ... i'm back up to 205 .. i'm gonna make it my goal to be a < PROPFEMALE > 230 by football season . 
Possibility . Is ruined by selfishness . 
A relationship will never flourish if one only looks for their own personal gain . 
In these bodies we will live , in these bodies we will die .. Where you invest your love , you invest your life . 
They told me love was fortress and i had never put it to the test and all the while i relied on this honesty . 
who woulda thought the best basketball game ever would go hand-in-hand with a migraine staight from HELL ... however , i kept up my school spirit while i was puking up blue and orange ftw ... good game bball .. < PROPFIRST > pride . 
Shoot for the < PROPFEMALE > . If you miss at least you will find a nest somewhere in the stars . 
Was it love or fear of the cold that led us through the night ? 
How fickle my heart and how woozy my eyes . I struggle to find any truth in your lies , And now my heart stumbles on things I don't know . This weakness I feel I must finally show . 
Anybody wondering what my life , my mind , and how i've felt the past couple months should listen to \Liar\ " by Mumford & Sons .. Word for word that describes it . " 
I'm not like them . but i can pretend . the day is done . and i'm having fun .. the sun is gone . but i have a light .. i think i'm dumb . maybe just happy . 
Just another day in this paradise , I take a look around I guess I'll be alright , I still got to wonder if you got me going crazy . Yesterday I saw you with your other friend , you just closed your eyes but he gave a grin . I'm not so sure that I can share the spirit of your happiness . 
Thanks for all the happy birthday wishes everybody ! 
Giant Panda Guerrilla Dub Squad ! 
I want to go live on my own in the wilderness somewhere ... People and relationships put too much of an effect on people's emotions . 
I'm gonna move to Outside Linebacker . 
When the day is over the doors are locked on us , ' Cause money buys the access And we can't pay the cost . How can we expect anyone to listen if we're using the same old voice ? We need new noise . New < PROPMALE > for the real people . 
Make your body the unstoppable force , and your mind the immovable object .. Nothing can beat you . 
after the midnight hour , you and i will fly together .. after the midnight hour , it'll be just you , it'll be just me .. and i need to say i love you . 
happy birthday < PROPMALE > marley 
How about that Green Bay offensive line . 
What kind of school would i have to go to be a lumberjack ? 
With a keen eye for fulfillment , we forget all previous labels and misrepresentations in the pursuit of knowledge , of constant growth in spirit , mind , and body . 
Go ahead and think i am gonna quit all you want ... All it'll do is make me want to bury you even more . 
Hmmm .. recieved contact from the football program at Southern Nazarene University .. They seemed pretty interested . 
I have literally played my guitar so much tonight that my fingers are bleeding .. Whoa . 
Well .. I've never worn women's tights .. until now . 
I'm thinking about getting metal legs . it's a risky operation . but i think it'll be worth it . 
walking in the same way as i do , and missing all the cracks in the pavement , tutting my heel and strutting my feet 
He who has a ' why ' to live can bear almost any ' how ' . 
I believe I'll interject to talk about the word respect . Its not a word that's in your hands its more about the common man You took your time and paved the way making room for other man to play a grip of bodies a mess of minds endless conversations to rock . 
I will reach my field of battle by any means at my disposal , and when i get there i will arrive violently . I will rip the heart from my enemy and leave it bleeding on the ground , because he cannot stop me 
