is wondering why most adults have no imagination ... What happened ? 

is excited to be back at work ... but oh man !! Today was a rough day for EVERYONE ! 
is happy because today i am going to see my mom !!!! 
I am so excited to see < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is happy to be home with my < PROPFEMALE > :) 
loves < PROPMALE > :) 
is looking forward to friday :) 
is happy today is finally friday , and excited about her fantastic Dibella's Roast Beef sub :) yum yum 
Is excited to have discovered online shopping ... there are a zillion websites of cheap stuff !!! 
Woke up this morning thinking it was wednesday ... imagine my dissapointment when i got to work , and it was only tuesday ... 
Is happy that it is Saturday , my day to sleep in , and i woke up at 7 45 ... the sad part ... that was sleeping in :( 
i do not understand WHY at the END OF NOVEMBER in ROCHESTER NY we feel the need to tear up roads like CULVER ROAD ... there isn't even anything wrong with it ... except now that instead of taking me 10 minutes to pick lunch up , it takes 30 ... :( 
Is so excited because < PROPFEMALE > is coming home on Tuesday , so we can celebrate her BELATED birthday :) 
is excited to see < PROPFEMALE > and Mom tonight :D :D :D :D 
Happy Thanksgiving :) Going to Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s , then off to < PROPMALE>'s Family , then off to Aunt Kris ... THEN BLACK FRIDAY SHOPPING :D :D :D 
Happy Birthday to me :) Thank you EVERYONE !!! 
Playing Fish World and having fun at work :) 
let it snow let it snow let it snow !! 
Is walking in a winter wonderland :) 
Brown paper packages tied up wtih strings , These are a few of my favorite things :) 
It's beginning to look alot like CHRISTMAS !!! 
Is so excited to have the day off today ! and tomorrow ! and kinda wishin i was back at school so i could have next week off too ! 
Has baked enough deserts to feed a naval fleet :) 
Is happy because i got PICTIONARY MAN !!! now all i need is to find someone to play it with .... OH < PROPMALE > !!! 
56 degrees outside ... and the snow is almost all gone !! YYAYY 
Is excited because it's date night tonight !!! Out for dinner then watching the Hurt Locker :) 
Is very tempted to go to the mall :) 
wishes that she worked at a bank , so i could have random holidays off ... or a school ... 
is going to maker perrogies for the first time in my life ... 
Made the perrogies , and apparently they were good ... Caleb ate them all up ! :D Excited for today ! finally finished Mom's pillow , and hemming her pants ! Dinner with Mom !! 
Is going to go to JoAnns today ( hopefully ) and get some fabric so i can make my new coat !!! 
Is happy and at home with < PROPMALE > :) 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
Is happy this week is almost over !!! 
FINALLY FRIDAY !! 
Is so very excited for the weekend ! 
I am studying the chapter : Assessing the 3 year old , how to observe children ... fun stuff :) 
is officially trained by the American Heart Association , and certified in Adult CPR , Child CPR , Infant CPR , Emergency Basic First Aid , Bloodborne Pathogens , Cognitive AED Skills !!!! YAY !!! And it only took me about a half hour !!! 
So i am excited , i just checked online , and my first 10 assignments were graded - PERFECT !!! YAY !! I took my first quiz , and got a 100% , i just finished developing a lesson plan for 3 year olds , explaining various weather patterns and they asked me if they could use it as an example to other students in the future !!! 
SPRING CLEANING !!! 
tried < PROPMALE>'s P90x workout ... and i am having a hard time walking 
Is SUPER EXCITED !!! i got the job at KinderCare !!!! 
LOVES sleeping in until 8 I LOVE MY NEW JOB !! 
Is happy for the weekend , and looking forward to watching The Last Song with my mom tomorrow : ) 
Is very sad : ( 
Is looking forward to a weekend with < PROPMALE > : ) 
is excited about taking my mom out for dinner at the cheesecake factory :) 
Is excited that my job entails playing outside when it is nice out :) 
Was so excited to get out of work early on friday , that i forgot to look at the schedule ... HELP anyone have Monday's hours ?!! : ) 
Is excited about grocery shopping :) 
Is kinda sad because < PROPMALE > is sick :( He has taken a lot of tylenol today , but it does not appear to be helping ... 
Today is Wacky Wednesday :) 
< PROPMALE > made dinner tonight ! Pasta with chicken , broccoli , carrots , and corn in a garlic oil sauce with crescent rolls :) YUM YUM ! 
After a LOONNNNGG day at work i came home with aspirations of doing homework ... and ended up on facebook ... maybe i could just keep the tab open and multi task :) 
Is excited about my 100 % on my test !! And got two of papers finished , 4 more to go !! 
Work Schedule anyone ??? I didn't get the email ?? 
Is counting down the days for Friday ... going to the Hamptons for the weekend !!! 
Does anyone have the schedule ? I have no idea when i am working on monday ... Did it get emailed ? 
Is EXCITED !!! 
Is HOME !! After a 7 Hour drive !!! With our new Maltese puppy named < PROPMALE > !!! He is adorable ! 
Just finished reading \Perfect Match\ " By < PROPFEMALE > Picoult . I couldn't put it down ... HIGHLY reccomend it :) It was a perfectly suspenseful story from beginning to end ! " 
GREAT DAY !!! We took < PROPMALE > to Mendon Ponds park to run around !!! He was so excited about all the grass ! and even went jogging with a random couple that we saw running ! Trying to remember my shift tomorrow , i think it was 8:30 ... Can anyone help ??? 
Is Excited for the weekend !!! 
Had fun in preschool today , looking through our trashnoculars , at < PROPFIRST > the Fly that has currently taken up residence in our room . While looking , i saw our glitter attacked , ribbon endowed cleanup bike horn , and our specail magical pointer pen ! Good day so far :) 
Is wondering why it is that every child in my neighborhood insists on playing in the middle of the road , especially when cars are coming ... 
Watching Hell's Kitchen !!! I love seeing all the people being ripped apart !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Fellows : It is alabama time :) 
Is liking the idea of having a half day :) 
Got a new \prop\ " for circle time A DISCO STICK !!!! " 
is wondering what my brain was thinking waking up at 7 15 this morning .... 
I have decided that i do really like not having to work on weekends :) 
enjoying a nice glass of white wine and strawberries :) 
Making chocolate chip cookies , it makes my house smell soooooo good !!! 
Almost done with the little red riding hood costume !!! Red dress check , red cape check white apron , uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Would have probably enjoyed sleeping in this morning ... but it just didn't happen ... 
I saw a commercial for Due Date , and thought about < PROPFEMALE > :) 
i am a little sad , and a little happy :) :( 
The new house has a bidet tee < PROPFEMALE > 
Thank you to all the families and co workers at kinder care for an amazing last day . And an amazing 8 months it has been one of the best experiences of my life and the most fulfilling job i have ever had . You are all amazing and i will be in to visit ! I cant wait to see what amazing things will happen to you in the future 
Thank you to < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , RJ , < PROPFEMALE > , Holden , and < PROPMALE > for my new Nook Color !!! It is very very cool !!! 
Thank you for the birthday wishes !!! 
Love the new house !!! 
In the Christmas mood :) 
Is enjoying the nice weather :) almost 50 degrees today with a high of 54 tomorrow :) and still NO SNOW !!! 
Enjoying the sunshine :) The grass is greener in NJ :) 
YAYYYY < PROPMALE > finally went up and down the stairs by himself !! 
Picture's of new house FINALLY up ! Sorry it took so long ! i just found the camera cord ... 
Grandpa i miss you during the holidays :) You are always in my thoughts ! 
Christmas shopping officially all done ... thank goodness !!! 
enjoying the new wii fit ! it is so much freakin fun ! 
2 feet of snow !!! WOW !!! 
Watching Hoarders with Caleb ... We are both scared , and probably going to have nightmares ... SCARY people out there !!!! 
Enjoying the house cleanup , and Organization !!!!!!! 
Shopping !!!!!! So excited there are 3 different malls around the house , and an outlet CENTER !!!! 
