Oh boy ! 

My life is great today . I am in a great mood although I am at work ... 
Hello World ! 
So glad that I am making different decisions in life to enhance my lifestyle ... 
Happy Mother's Day Every MOM out there . WE made it through another year . 
And all they do is keep growing !! Damn they are starting to make me feel a little bit older . lol 
How is everynoe doing ? I am going to be a lot happier soon . I thought that I made the right decision , but I was wrong ... 
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I need to run errands . 
I know that God is carrying me through the choices that I must make now . Never underestimate the power of a strong will . 
I need to post some pictures !!!!! I have a few on the IPod that I may download ... 
I have three but two are my wonderful step children . We raise them together and keep them together since we split up . I came up here about 3 years ago with my ex to be close to my dad . My mom , sister and I don't talk much if ever and they are up here outside of < PROPFIRST > in Forney , Tx . I sent your sister a friend invite . Hope she doesn't deny it ... how embarrassing .. lol ! 
What in the world was I thinking ? 
Oh my !!! I am taking the leap !!! 
All that is gonig on this week !! AAAAHHHHHH !! I cannnot wait . 4 more days !!! 
I cannot wait til my stuff is my stuff and no one can tell me that I do 1,000 things incorrectly !! Happiness will commence in 4 days !! 
Tomorrow and what's to come ... God help it be a clean break ... 
I have officially moved on !!!!!! 
The bastard took my $500 camera !!!! 
In and Out burger here in < PROPFIRST > ? Yummy !!! 
What is wrong with a person that cannot catch a hint ? Even when you call everyone on them and people are advising them to stay away from you , they still try to contact you . That is crazy !!! Damn I wish I was still Gangsta !!! LOLOL 
Goodnight everyone !! Have an absolutely wonderful Friday night !! 
Is wondering why her children wake her up on her lunch break naps !!!! LOL 
Getting back to good . I really want things to work out with me and my ex . It would be great for the kiddos and I really do love him !! My 6-month mistake might be for the better rather than the worst . lol 
Is lucky to have the coolest friend ever ..... Arlen < PROPMALE > :-) 
Got an off day tomorrow . I get paid tomorrow . Don't you hate it when it's spent before you get it in the bank account . 
Getting the family back together . And getting drunk with my girlfriends tonight . Wish you were here , < PROPMALE > ... 
Waiting for the end of the day . Please only 3 more minutes ... 
I am soooooooooooooooooooo < PROPMALE > over . I do not feel like working . It sucks !! Lol !! 
< PROPFIRST > is so cute . He is doing everythung he said he would . We are getting things back to normal . Slowly . 
Is going to have a great weekend with the hubby and kiddos !!! I am so excited !! 
DAUGHTER WEEK ! If you have a daughter who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status . ? Your daughter will outgrow your lap , but never your heart . ~?~ 
I will be posting some water pics tonight !! The camera < PROPFIRST > bought me takes pics underwater !! It is the coolest thing . I even got the baby underwater !! Got my computer hooked up and ready to go at home now after a week of no go .. Thank God that at&t finally came out . 
For all of you bugging me for pics , here u go !!! 70 pics for u to see !!! I will post some more up after this weekend's fun ... please comment . Enjoy my family , I enjoy seeing ya'llsa goofiness !!! 
Watching So you Think you can Dance !!! 
Thanks for tagging my photo , < PROPMALE > !!! lol 
Hanging out with the family . Loving it . Taking the kiddos to pool if they r good . 
Worknig and getting my marketing stuff done . I hate marketing ... 
soooooooooooooo I am at work with my daughter letting her file away stuff that I haven't wanted to touch in months . She really is doing a wonderful job and we are even having a little bit of fun . Going to church tomorrow with the kiddos . Hubby has to work late tonight so he won't be joining us . Go bless his soul for all the sacrifies he makes for us . That is why he gets the big piece of chicken .... LOL 
getting off and getting back to chilling at home . An hour and a half more and I am gone !!! 
Having papa murphys with the family . We took a long nap after church . The pastor spoke about doing more with your family . LOL . Hope that counts . Back to work tomorrow ugh . NBA 2K10 is stupid . Watching the boys play waiting for pizza to get done . I rather play WII . 
I am ready for lunch today . I do not want to be at work and the bad thing is I get a really short week next week so I shouldn't be complaining ... LOL . It's raining which makes the day that much longer . But we need the rain here in < PROPFIRST > !! Please go away before 4th of July !! I don't want to be all muddy when we are popping fireworks ! 
Must go out and Market for my property today ! I am giving out cute little summer toys like beach balls and floaties !! It gets me out of the office and trying to get local businesses to put their flyers in our bags .. well I am making it out to be harder than it seems ! I have a day off tomorrow . thank god . Need to go shopping for Kaleb . It seems that he decided to grow two sizes and it's just barely July .. !! What the .. 
I thought that it would be an uneventful morning ; going to Wal-Mart and pick up a few things then go get my toenails done . Well I wake up to a vomiting baby and two others that have lost their minds , running arond acting as fools ... What a day , What a day . Hunny is sleeping in after a late night shift . Fixing to get pampered after < PROPFIRST > falls asleep ... 
< PROPFIRST > is feeling great now !! What the ... Anyway , maybe just a stomach virus that he needed to get out .. Beautiful day to be off . They kept saying we were gonna get storms from the hurricane ... not yet though maybe tomorrow .. 
Starting to save for Great Wolf Lodge !! The kiddos cant wait .. We go every year !! Cannot wait to take all those great underwater pics !! 
< PROPFIRST > took a turn for the worse !! He has strep throat .. he is a sleeping angel at the moment . Just went home to check on him at lunch . He did nto want mom to go back to work .. :( .... 
It's raining like a mother *&%$# !!!! We need it but not on a hoilday weekend .. Hope everyone is gonna have ablaast this weekend . 
The fact that I do not get a vacation day because I have court tomorrow . I guess my manger does not care about family time .. Only her family time !!! 
Couldn't do a cookout yesterday because i was sick with the same sore throat and fever that < PROPFIRST > had ... feel like crap today on my suppose day off . I am having a winey of a day . I want to go home where there are any people there . 
Is anyone hiring in < PROPFIRST > , Tx !!! My Fiance is looking for another job ... If you have any leads , let me know . 
Everything . Bills , Bills , and more bills .. Every time I think I am getting ahead , some thing hits me over the head ... LOL 
So much to do and so little time !! 
2 hours 20 minutes !!! 
27 < PROPFEMALE > till the boss leaves ... lolol 
32 minutes and counting ... 
getting ready to close the office down . Can't wait to get back to my fam !!! 
I want to go home !!! Pout Pout .. 
I think we may go out to eat tonite . Mom does not feel like cooking .. 
got to hit redbox up tonite .. 
HAWAIIAN FALLS-The Colony TODAY !!!! The kids are doing all their chores , cleaning dishes , feeding the doggies . We can't wait to have a family outing today . Should be perfect weather . 
I had a great time yesterday , now I must got back to the grind today .. 
is recooperating from the long day at Hawaiian Falls with the family ! I needed to come to work to realx a bit ... LOL 
is so done with work this lifetime . 
is going to < PROPFIRST>'s to grocery shop !! 
is hanging out with friends tonight , might even drink a bit ... LOL 
wants to get off at 4 instead of 5 . Oh why do I have to wok on such a GORGEOUS day .. I did make a little extra money today by getting a lease !! A girl must make a living and if I want everything that I want , I may have to work harder to get it !! 50 minutes to go !! 
needs to start planning a trip to see Great Grandmother . Kiddos have only met her once and really need to see her again . Here we come San < PROPFIRST > , Tx !!! 
is happy that boss is leaving in 20 minutes !!! 
Beginnings are scary , Endings are usually sad , But it's the middle that counts the most !! Try to remember that when you find yourself at a new beginning . Just give hope a < PROPMALE > to float up and it will , too !? 
... Think Fast ! Leave one memory that you and I had together . It doesnt matter if you knew me a little or alot , anything you remember ! Don't send a message . Leave a comment on here . Next , repost this on your wall and see how many people leave memories about you ... this is cute ! 
Copy & paste the text below to OUR WALL & we will upgrade your tanning account with a FREE UPGRADE TAN :) 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , gets her name & face all over the news because she went to jail . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke , 23 and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 are all Marines that gave their lives for you this week . Please Honor THEM by reposting . 
would love to get paid while I was at home !! LOL 
needs more plastic animals on my desk ! 
' s lights at work have been out for the last hour or so .. Bummer .. Couldn't get any work done .. Now back to the grind . 
Is it 6pm yet ? 
School Starts August 23rd .. WOOOHOOO !!! 
it was such a good day ... then boooom !!!! There that goes ! 
“When you come to the edge of all that you know , you must believe one of two things : either there will be ground to stand on , or you will be given wings to fly . ” 
is off tomorrow and will be going school shopping for the kids and may get something for herself as well !! YYEEAAHHHH !!!! 
is so glad that I am off today ... as soon as my check gets released into my account I am OUT of here !!! 
getting back to it ... Today is my Thursday because I work on Saturday ..... :( 
Waiting for 5 o'clock!! I cannot wait to get out of here !! 
Is it 6PM Yet ? I cannot wait till my day off tomorrow ! I am worn out and it's only Wednesday !! 
“Anyone can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's true strength . ” 
cannot wait till the day is over !! Want to be home with the kiddos !! 
wonders if anyone has any old pictures of me in them ? Would like a copy .. If you could email them to me . I am worknig on something and would like some copies . Fixing to hit my mother up for my old school stuff ... Oh No !! LOL 
is going to the lake tomorrow !! YYEEAAAAHHHH !! Got to make a list of things to pack up .. Sunscreen , towels , I will not bore you with my list . LOL 
is worknig hard on reports she rather not do !! 
Must post pics from the lake yesterday !!! 
Day off . Spending it with kiddos . So excited . Registration for school today too . Yeeeaah 
has successfully registered two newbies to school here !! < PROPFIRST > cannot wait to go he said .. so when we go get new back packs I am gonna pick him up one so he can feel like he is part of this school thing . Maybe I should start looking for preschools !! One more year !! 
Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do . 
LAST WEEKEND BEFORE SCHOOL STARTS !!!! WOOOOOOOOHHOOOOOOOOOOOO !! I know all other parents are ready for it too .... lol 
Had a great night with the my < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! The big kiddos were at a friend's for dinner ! Had fantastic Mexican take-out and watched a movie . It was so quiet , didn't know what to do . School starts in 44 hours !! LOL 
Was a fantastic day ! Started with breakfast with the kiddos and then we all got ready for school/work . < PROPFIRST > is out of town on a job , so it's just us for the week !! Took lovely pics walking to school and at their desks . Love you , < PROPFEMALE > ! Will post school pics asap !! Will be leaving here in 35 minutes to get them from school . 
I will be upgrading some things this week !! Cannot wait . 
Finally found some one to watch < PROPFIRST > at home !! That is great news for him since he hates to go to the sitter's house .... 
Looking for a house to lease ... I want to move in December . Why is it so hard ? Anyone know anyone good in the DFW area ?? 
I love Netflix . Will chill with kiddos tonite .. go to nailshop then go to Wal-Mart . Got to return some stuff ... 
To the ones we've lost along the way , thanks for the memories . 
Doing a mile in the morning 5 times a week ! Love it and it gets the kiddos to school , too ? Man , I am good . LOL < PROPFIRST > loves his little < PROPMALE > stroller his auntie got him when he was born !! Go Aunt < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Need to get nails done !!! 
needs to post Labor day pics ... 
Hunny didn't work today and will not be working tomorrow .. I am so stoked about that .. He works ALL the time 12-14 hours a day !! I will be posting the Labor Day Party pics tonight for everyone that has been asking to see them .. If you haven't been asking , What is wrong with you !!! LOL 
Just picked up our marriage license !! 
We are finally MARRIED !!! 
Getting reeady for Kaleb's 7th birthday Pool Party Bash . I didn't know it would be this big . More people are coming than I thought would . I am probably as excited as the birthday boy !! What a sweet boy I have . I asked him if I could have one of hisd gifts and he said \sure . I will have a lot anyway . \ " LMAO ... Always taking care of his Momma !! " 
Went to Social Security office and DPS in less than 3 hours !!! Not bad , uh ? Go City of Plano for having it together !! And < PROPFIRST > SS Admin !! LOL 
Go Cowboys !!!!!! 
ohh your dating my ex ? cool . I'm eating a sandwich , do you want those left overs too ? (; 
Sunday Saluations 9 am ( bring water and mat ) FREE YOGA !! @ Country < PROPFEMALE > Park 
Kaleb is a member of The Boys and Girls Club . He is doing a fundraiser . Please text BGC to 50555 . It will donate $5 to Boys and Girls Club of < PROPMALE > County ! Then message me your cell phone number so he gets credit for you doing this !!!!!!! Please ask Friends to d othe same !!! You can do it up to 6 times ... ANYONE CAN DO IT !!! YOU WILL NOT BE ON A CALL LIST OF ANY KIND !!!! 
Kaleb is a member of The Boys and Girls Club . He is doing a fundraiser . Please text BGC to 50555 . It will donate $5 to Boys and Girls Club of < PROPMALE > County ! Then message me your cell phone number so he gets credit for you doing this !!!!!!! Please ask Friends to d othe same !!! You can do it up to 6 times ... ANYONE CAN DO IT ... 
Most girls aren't WOMAN enough to post this . I know I am a handful ! I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken . I make mistakes . I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But , if you can't handle me at my worst you damn sure don't deserve me at my best ! If you're a handful then post this on your status . I dare you ! 
Your son will hold your hand for only a little while , but will hold your \ 
heart for a lifetime ! It's ' Son Week ' , if you have a son who makes your \ 
life worth living by just being around him , & you are proud of him , \ 
copy & paste this on your status ... hey son we proud of you even thoe we are alway on your but . Its because i love you and i ... dont want you to follow in my footsteps . go far in life . See More 
My son is a member of Boys and Girls Club . He is involved in a fundraiser to help their branch raise money . So please donate $5.00 to them by texting \BGC\ " to 50555 . Your five dollar donation will appear on your next phone < PROPMALE > & will help Boys/Girls Club of < PROPMALE > County reach their goal . The donation is tax deductible and you can text up to 6 times ! Message me your cell # so he can get credit for the text . " 
Can't wait for Yoga and Church in the morning !! Soul Refresher and Spiritial Renewal all in one day !!! Very at ease about my life ... 
STILL looking for a house ! UGH the irritation of seeing home after home that you DO NOT like . Please show me the ones that I do !!! lol 
in the closet ... 
I am the biggest idiot in the world !!!!! 
Please pray that things will work out ... 
Why can't people just do what they say they are going to do ? Why is that concept too hard for people to handle ? Just saying . 
had schlotzsky's and a cinnabon for lunch ... 
Hubby is with kiddos at a birthday party @ Pump it Up !! They keep sending me great pics !!! Love you guys !! Its Dad's day out !! 
3 YEARS AGO TODAY I GAVE BIRTH TO THE CUTEST BABY BOY !!! IN EXACTLY 17 MINUTES IT WILL BE 3 YEARS SINCE WE WERE BLESSED WITH < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , A FUNNY , CHARMING , HANDSOME LITTLE MAN WITH A HEART OF GOLD !!!!! WE LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > !!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY , SON ... 
Frustration at it's best !!!! 
4 weeks till my bday !! 
Its Mommy week ! Repost this and post when you became a mommy ! September 5 , 2005 with Ms < PROPFIRST > and Mr. Kaleb < PROPMALE > and on October 16 , 2007 with Mr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
The dirty blonde in my hair is getting platinum .. Ok how < PROPFEMALE > works so well .. 
< PROPFIRST>'s birthday party is tomorrow .. It's his first official party . And it's boy/girl !!! Lol .. My little man is turning 3 !! Oh how the time flys by .... 
It's raining , it's pouring !! 
Started goodie bags for < PROPFIRST>'s bday party tomorrow .. 
Sorry everyone , I'm not super superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ,... will be without money . I cannot let that person be ... me . ... Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > . Good luck 
AThe party was a huge success !!!! And this time , I didn't have to clean up .... lol 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it ... 
• . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTERS in the world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... I got one gorgeous one .. 
I am so very bored at work .. I just want to go home .. 
Found what looks like a great place to have my bday party !!! The Red Room Addison www.redroomaddison.com 
is feeling the effects of two straight days of Yoga . Feels good to build muscle in places you didn't know even needed it ... Namaste . 
I am having an awesome day !!! My run this morning was a breath of fresh air .. Obviously right ?? One week til my 31st !!! I am pretty excited ... :) 
I am excited about my birthday week !! Need to order some cupcakes for Wednesday !! LOL .. Love it !!! 
This is gonna be a long week !! My party is Saturday and I know the next six days will be a bit crazy !!! Love you guys that are coming up for my bday !! Thanks girls !! 
Oh my God !! I did that at the same time , < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Today is my birthday and I'm raising money for Campaign for Cancer Prevention . Click here to donate : http://birthdays.causes.com/wishes/73416?bws=st 
Why do people hate ???? Why can't people just stick to their own god-dang business !!... Sorry . I feel better . 
I feel like the day is going to drag on . Got to get ready for tonight . A great group is getting together for my birthday tonight . First dinner then drinks and dancing . Cannot wait . Will post pics !! Love to all of those that sent me those great birthday wishes !!! Thank you everyone ... 
After a ton of maybe's and several Yes RSVP's .. Loks like just a few showed up !! We had a great time .. And we did a lot of people watchin ' .... lol Really .. lol . Thank you for all who came and the ones that tried ... 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you \ 
weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is \ 
filled with crazy people . They\ 
love you for who you are . Re-post if you \ 
have at least one true friend , they will know who they are ! 
Hope everyone had a Fantastic Thanksgiving feast and festivities !! Love to all and here starts the Christmas countdown !!!!!!! 
21 days untill vacation time . Then no work till 2011 .. Excellent 
19 days til vacation !!!!!! And counting !! 
Have sick kiddos at home . That sucks . 
16 more days til vacation .... 
If it's not one thing it's another !! 
15 days .... 
13 days til vacation time !! 
At company Christmas party . It's not that bad lol . We at least get presents . Lol . 
9 more days until vacation !!!!!! 
I am so excited with this holiday season . I am preparing for < PROPFEMALE>'s arrival ! 
Holiday shopping ! I am soooooo excited ! Happy holidays to all ! Love you . 
The kiddos will be loving Christmas !! Tree is stuffed with gifts and < PROPFEMALE > hasn't even made it yet . We are counting down on NORAD as we speak !! 
5 days til my vacation !! I am soooooo excited !! 
I hope all my fb buddies are having a great weekend and happy holidays to all of you . Love you and hope to see you guys face to face ( if I don't get to already ) in the coming year . 
Kicked butt last night on guitar hero 3 with daughter last night . Today , I work but in two more days I will be on VACATION !! So excited to have so much time off ..... 
Can't wait til i am off !!! 
Recentment is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die ... \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Fisher 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL ! 
Listen up , people .. My vacation starts in 24 hours !!!! I am sooooooooo excited about this !!! WOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOO .... 
10 hours and VACATION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
7 hours and counting ... WOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOO !! We are all fixing to go to Salt Grass Steak House !! And the boss is paying ! That's right . She loves her employees !! Besides we rock anyway ! 
3 hours and 45 minutes until my vacation starts !!! Cannot wait ! 
My boss gave us a shitload of gifts ! We are going home today with two bags and lots of goodies !! 
1 hour 40 minutes until vacation !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
Cannot wait till tomorrow ! Great things happening ! 
If you have a wonderful guy who means the world to you , who isn't perfect but is perfect for you , who would do anything for you ( in his own way ) , who makes you laugh , is your best friend (& sometimes your only friend ) , who you want to grow old with ( if you don't kill him first ) & who you are thankful for everyday , then post this as your status 
My New Years Resolution : Live life fast and young . < PROPFEMALE > no regrets , no grudges and dont look back !! 
loves when you get what you want in life ! 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are . Leave me a 1- word comment that best describes me using the THIRD Letter of YOUR FIRST name . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this on your wall so I can leave 1 word about you . Don't just post a word and not copy ... That's no fun !! 
Sorry to everyone that got a Girl scout cookie invite that is not in < PROPFIRST > or is in our troop already .. Meant to only send that to select few .... 
and hubby have decided on comedy club for < PROPFIRST>'s Day !! So excited !! 
Bored at work .... 
It's snowing . It's snowing . 
Rainy Day at work !! 
is bored to death at work ! What to do , what to do ? 
I am so happy for my little < PROPFIRST > . She has yet again broken her personal cookie selling record and still has 5 more days to sell !! She has really enjoyed it this year and mom is so proud ! 
5 more days to order Girl Scout Cookies from < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ... Any orders ? will take email and internet orders !!!! LOL 
Nothing worthwhile comes easy . The bigger the effort the grander the reward . :) 
HA !!! HA !!! I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! 
Got great oics of trhem in the snow . < PROPFIRST > is sooo cute making a snow angel .. Will post in a few hours ... lol . Mom's at work but still found time to come outside to see the kiddos in the snow . 
Hello FB ! Still have a foot of snow out there .. Should melt today . Higher temps of 35 today . lol ... Can't wait for the heat to hit .... lol 
Is kinda missing the pretty snow ... But is happty things are back to normal ... Go Packers ! 
snow in forecast again tomorrow !!! I have never seen so much snow ... Brrrrrrr cold .. 
It's snowing , AGAIN !!! Kids are at home today ! Man this weather is something .. 
HUSBAND AND WIFE WEEK : If you have a mate who is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this . 
Had a gret time today ! I love my friends ! We should of taken pics !! 
Muffins with Moms at < PROPFIRST > Elementary this morning was a great way to start the day ! I saw a couple of my favorites Moms there this morning but didn't get to see everyone I hoped . Sending my < PROPFIRST>'s love to those I got to spend time with and the ones I did not get a moment with love you too !! xoxox 
5 years and going strong ....... 
Girl Scout Cookies in tomorrow !!! 
