Can't wait to go to the Fort this weekend for Nate's cookout . 

Needs more sleep . 
Tu ne cede malis , sed contra audentior ito 
Gave blood today . It did not end well . 
BRING BACK TACO RIO !!! 
I feel like shit today so I'm not going to do shit today . 
is going to watch Watchmen . 
Is it football season yet ? 
is going to go watch Oz . 
Do not watch Oz before going to bed unless you enjoy dreaming you're someones prison bitch . 
Well I was going to watch part 3 of Generation Kill but I made the mistake of getting on facebook . 
got my new computer today should be back up and running again soon . 
I love it when the Sooners lose . 
Getting ready to pack my bags and head to The Fort for the weekend . 
Don't know if it's the lack of food and sleep but today seemend kinda strange . 
No more one day weekends for me . 
it's a cold , dark , rainy October night perfect night to watch horror movies 
needs to get off flickchart and go take a shower 
If all goes according to plan I'll be going to J Pauley with a check Monday and driving off the lot Thursday 
just uploaded some pics of my new ride 
had a great time at the party last night . 
kept trying to upload halloween pics and upload kept failing so I'm going to bed and will try again tomorrow 
added my Halloween pics 
I don't think it's the swine flu but I feel like crap . 
Probably going to the doctor tomorrow . > P 
glad today is a bank holiday because I'm still not feeling 100% 
listening to some < PROPMALE > Snider 
The roundest knight at < PROPMALE > Arthur’s round table was Sir Cumference . He acquired his size from too much pi . 
Christmas shopping . 
Gave blood today . This time went a lot better than the last time . 
can't wait for Christmas . 
can't wait to ring in the new year with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
cold , cold , cold , freaking cold . 
going to put some bookshelves together then watch District 9 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died today . I'm going to miss his Spenser novels . 
Started some spring cleaning today . Cleaned the closet , two drawers , and poked at my computer desk a little bit . 
Weekend's almost over , I don't wanna go back to work tomorrow . 
It wouldn't break my heart if I had to spend all day tomorrow laying in bed and watching movies 
Go that way really , really fast . If something gets in your way turn . 
I simulated the game on Madden 2010 Colts win 24 to 17 . 
I could really go for some vegetarian springrolls from pho about now 
just finished working out now I'm going to shower and head to subway for some lunch . 
stopped at a pawn shop while I was in town , thinking about getting a new handgun . 
Did some updating on my profile , mainly to the music , tv and movie sections . Going to add some old pics from my myspace profile later . 
Added the pics from my myspace profile , they got jumbled in the transfer so they aren't in any real order . 
Sent in a request to have my myspace deleted most of my friends from there are on here anyway . 
I think that the Whoop Ass BBQ sauce I put on my burger just lived up to it's name . 
Gotta go get stuck with needles tomorrow 
The nurse jabbed me pretty good today . 
One more day until weekend , then I'm off to the Fort too see my friends . 
Weekend is here . Off to the Fort tomorrow . 
I feel like I've just been worked over with a baseball bat . 
blah blah freakin blah 
rockin out to some Flogging < PROPFEMALE > 
was supposed to go to Ozark for some BBQ tonight but that has been shelved ... so yeah kinda sucks . 
been out working on the greens for the Cow Pasture Golf Tournament this morning 
I guess I should go take a shower and get dressed but I really don't want to . 
Where did the weekend go ? 
Ran into a member of the species Customeris Assholelies unfortunately it is not an endangered species . 
The new Final Fantasy came out today so guess what < PROPFIRST > and I will be doing all weekend . 
is full of pent up awesome . 
tomorrow I'm off to the Fort to < PROPFEMALE > out with Aric , then spending the rest of the weekend with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Gonna try to do a little more spring cleaning this weekend . 
I think I broke Flickchart so now what am I going to do . 
Just took out some of the larger more vicious dust bunies with a shop vac 
I've done pretty much all the claening I can do until my new dvd shelves arrive . 
Thinking I might try for a three day weekend this week . 
I really should go put my clothes in the dryer . Just seems like it's too far to walk . 
I haven't been able to get much sleep the last few days due to a strainen muscle so I called in took a pill and knocked myself out until 2:00 
My music taste is weird , I'll listen to Deicide one minute then the Wallflowers the next . 
Was up until 1:30 organizing my movie collection 
Note to self . Do not try to hold in a sneeze when you have a mouth full of pepsi . It tends to seek other orifices to escape from . 
is not really online he just left the computer on while he is taking a shower . 
going to find some lunch . 
Had fun hanging with < PROPMALE > all day , now time to detick and find a movie to watch . 
I really need to do my taxes ... sounds like work . 
Home for now . I have to go back to work at 5:30 for a security meeting . 
looking for a place to put my printer . 
Got my printer all set up now I'm fighting off the temptation to go buy myself a nice big new monitor 
is givin into temptation and ordering a new monitor 
donated blood today and feeling fine . 
Well my internet seems to be slowing down tonight . I think it is its way of telling me to quit buying Magic The Gathering cards on Amazon and go to bed . 
heading to the cow pasture golf course to work on the greens . 
I'm sunburnt and tick infested but I got some more work < PROPFEMALE > at the golf course today . 
Been thinking , I don't want to get to the end of my life tortured by the thought \Did I pwn enuff n00bz ? \"" 
hears WOW calling him back , trying to ignore it but it's not easy . 
I got on the internet to look up one thing then I was going to watch a movie , now it's an hour and a half later and I need to go to bed . 
insert something witty and or politically relevant here . 
waiting for the dryer to quit so I can watch a movie . 
is starting to wonder if everyone suddenly decided to ignore his emails 
Why isn't it weekend yet ? 
feeling popular , thanks for all the b-day wishes everyone !!!! 
going to hit the shower then get ready to do nothing for the rest of the day :) 
Downloading Aric's comic 
just got attacked by some kind of freakin hellspawn right here in my own study , after much stomping and swearing I eventually killed it . 
going to go poking around in the old sanatorium tonight 
uploaded pics from the sanatoruim 
why am I not in bed yet ? 
attended my first Lions Club meeting today . 
Why does the week before vacation go so slow while the week of vacation goes so fast ? 
is turning into one of those movie snobs who likes foreign films better than domestic ones . 
Vacation time !!!! 
It is nasty hot out there today 
I was talkin with my girlfriend , I told her I was stressed I said I'm going off the deep end , she said give it a rest We’re all waiting in the dugout , wishin’ we could pitch How you gonna throw a shutout , if all you do is bitch\ 
\ 
Words of wisdom from < PROPMALE > Snider 
my computer just beat me at chess ... but it was no match for me at kick boxing . 
about to go to the post office and drop off some mail then maybe head by subway to get some lunch 
great it looks like I may be sick for the last few days of my vacation 
Twilight is like soccer . They run around for 2 hours , nobody scores , and its billions of fans insist you just don't understand . 
hated < PROPMALE > Cruise before hating < PROPMALE > Cruise was cool . 
ran over a chupacabra or maybe \ 
it was a Jersey Devil . I have a hard time telling those two apart . 
is now a subscription service . Basic package $15 a month adds you to my friends list . Premire package $25 a month I'll post 2 comments on your wall . Gold package $35 a month up to 4 wall post and an email from me . For $100 * I'll come < PROPFEMALE > out with you for an evening . * Mileage , food and entertainment not included . 
Just put together my dream entertainment center combo and it came out just under 1400 dollars . Now if I can just find a way to get my savings account to grow faster . 
How do I want to waste the rest of my night ? Playing around on the net , video games , watching a movie , working on my D&D stuff , or just general geekery . 
too damn hot to sleep 
I really wish my copy of NCAA 11 would get here . 
is it just me or does anyone else get the urge to punch < PROPFIRST > Cera in the neck whenever you see him . 
Finally going to pack up and store all my old college text books , if I haven't needed to look up anything in the Psychology of Death and Dying by now I probably never will . 
The Brits have been churning out some pretty good horror flicks lately . 
I hate it when part of my body hurts and i don't have a new tattoo to show for it . 
just pre ordered the new Iron Maiden . \\m/ 
Great I just read that the type of car I drive is the second most ticketed in the U.S. 
blah 
Went bargain hunting on newegg and amazon for a new tv but nothing really jumped out at me . 
I don't know if it's better to be feared or loved . But I do know as long as I have a puppy and a hostage I will never have to choose . 
I wonder if I'm the only one who doesn't consider it a nightmare when I dream I'm being chased by zombies ? 
would rather watch a really bad movie starring < PROPMALE > Campbell than a really good movie starring < PROPMALE > Cruise . 
My last status update was a trick . There are no really bad movies starring < PROPMALE > Campbell and no really good movies starring < PROPMALE > Cruise . 
64 percent of all the world's statistics are made up right there on the spot\ 
82.4 percent of people believe ' em whether they're accurate statistics or not\ 
I don't know what you believe but I do know there's no doubt\ 
I need another double shot of something 90 proof\ 
I got too much to think about\ 
< PROPMALE > Snider 
I find my local Wal Mart's lack of < PROPMALE > season 4 disturbing . 
Q : What is the difference between a waitress who works in a strip club and an actual stripper ? \ 
A : About two weeks . 
Busy submitting movies to flickchart . If I'm going to watch a bad movie then by god I'm gonna rank it . 
Bearcats , Rattlers and Razorbacks won Ole Miss Rebels lost . Hard to imagine a better weekend of football . 
Hiker just released by Iran wants to get back into hiking , starting with a brisk stroll along the North Korean border 
Looking forward to Oct 2nd . 
was going to watch a movie tonight but I logged in to LOTRO and well now its time for bed . 
I'm going to start having people pay me to not watch the hogs . Whenever I turn on the game no matter how much we are winning by we start to lose . 
Damn I was playing Lord of the Rings online longer than I thought . 
Added new photo album from this weekends party . 
Well once again logged on to Lord of the Rings online with the intention of doing just a couple of things and ended up playing for three and a half hours . 
You know you are living in sad times when \Herp Derp\ " is considered a valid campaign platform . " 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Bay , STOP IT !!! Just stop it . 
Was at October Daze today and saw a booth that had a portrait of Cthulhu for sale . After the initial WTF wore off I was really wishing I had more cash on me . 
FACEBOOKS MOTTO : If it's not broke .... break it ... 
I want to rewatch the Lord of the Rings Trilogy but it is such a time drain . 
Woohoo I won a free pizza from Simple < PROPMALE>'s today . 
I\ 
strongly condemn last night's violent attack on 23-year old < PROPFIRST > \ 
Valle by Rand < PROPFIRST > backers , who threw her to the ground and stomped on \ 
her head . Rand < PROPFIRST > must condemn their actions , too . If you agree , post \ 
this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Taking a three day weekend for Halloween . 
three day weekend !!! 
Getting ready to head to the Fort and visit Aric . 
Stayed up way too late last night watching horror movies . 
Didn't have the energy to do both a horror movie marathon Friday night and the Halloween party at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s Saturday night . Will be there next year though . 
Normally I'm pretty content being single but right now I sure could use someone to give me a shoulder massage . 
If \ 
murdered , please don't cremate me or harvest any of my organs . If \ 
there's ever a zombie-human war , I want to be there , and I don't really \ 
care which side I'm on . 
Off to the doctor's office . 
needs to do something fun this weekend . 
I said I wanted to do something fun this weekend and what do I end up doing ? Submitting movies to flickchart and not good movies , bad ones , really bad ones . 
Off to my meeting . 
been a long day and I'm tired . 
People Magazine has announced its 2010 sexiest men alive list . I came in at 1,367,456,121 . 
Christmas shopping is pissing me off . 
The little squirrel that kept me entertained while I was at work blew himself up today :( 
I figured out how to be happy but I can't tell you . You not knowing is a big part of it . 
ROAD TRIP !!!! 
Updating my address book . If you want to send me your number message it to me on here and I'll add and or update it on my phone . 
Back home from the weekend , now time to unpack and go to bed . 
if we were all good people\ 
we could work in perfect rhythm\ 
if worms had daggers\ 
birds wouldn't fuck with them\ 
damn near wreaked my car this morning when I was hit by the sudden realization that it has been 20 years since I graduated high school . 
Work tomorrow then 4 days off . 
What do I want for lunch today ? 
Gave blood today and found out Gatorade now comes in cans . 
is torn between wasting the day watching movies or wasting the day playing video games . 
wonders why stupid people are the only resource that never runs out . 
Gaahh it hurts to set up straight for more than 5 minutes . Stupid sinuses !! 
Don't really mind the snow but I would like to have water so I can wash some clothes . 
I'm so poor a kid from Africa sent me a letter containing a dollar < PROPMALE > and a note saying he was going to be my sponsor . 
is gonna go scrape up some supper . Hopefully not literally . 
Everything I like is either illegal , immoral , fattening , addictive , expensive or impossible . 
heh heh So I kinda accidentally locked my car keys in the vault at the bank tonight , now I'm on foot for the rest of the day . Oops . 
I'm glad I work at a bank so i can take out a < PROPFEMALE > whenever I need to get a tank of gas . 
I know a little bit about everything but I don't know a lot about anything . 
I can't wait to get my Ipad today . 
Playing with my new ipad 
Gotta go in early , work through lunch and stay late . Tomorrow is going to be a long day . 
Exhausted . Calling it early tonight . 
Kicking back and watching Destination Truth . 
Accidentally hit the off button instead of the snooze button . Today is not getting off to the best of starts . 
Regions Bank has partnered with the American Red Cross to accept donations for the Japan earthquake and tsunami relief efforts . Customers , associates and concerned individuals can visit any Regions Bank branch to make a tax-deductible donation to the \ 
American National Red Cross CDP - Japan Earthquake & Pacific Tsunami account . 
So tired . Time to put away the iPad and go to bed . 
Ok for real this time , putting away the iPad and going to bed . 
Is it time to go home yet ? 
Well once again I was going to watch a movie but instead I got distracted by thil litte electronic device . DAMN YOU iPAD !!! I'm just kidding you know I love you . 
I would rather have questions that can't be answered , than answers that can't be questioned . 
I've been playing with my new movie database on my pc all weekend . It's an awesome bit of programming . I can't wait for my UPC scanner to come in so I can just zap my movies straight into it . 
Just added two rows of my movies to the Movie Collectors database , just ten and a third rows to go . 
Ugh ! My head is killing me . 
Gonna work on my database . Gonna try not to fry my eyes and brain on it this time . 
Ten years ago if you told me one of my favorite pastimes would be antiquing I would have laughed my ass off at you . 
