Throwing my cat around the apartment cus he pee's on everything :-) 

Is wanting to go golfing like a mofo 
why on earth am I awake already ... i'm pretty sure i'm still drunk lol 
Holey crap i'm about to rip my tooth out myself ... yeah not going to work today to get drilled on ! 
Is in hog heaven right now 
stupid rabbit ate through the wireless power cord ... good thing i can splice wires like a champ ! 
Sleeeep ... oh and I've realized i'm now becoming readdicted to facebook ... is that a word ... if not I just made it up ! lol 
noott too excited to go to work ... been up since 130 ! 
is balls deep in a ... well you know haha 
wants to be playing golf like a mofo ! 
doesn't want to go to work ! 
Not a happy camper 
im thinkin im gonna take a walk , text if you need me 
is still fing awake 
haha funny day today , decided to make an attempt for the best of craigslist ! 
Work , then getting drilled on again 
Working with no < PROPMALE > ! * Gasp * 
j/k ... one more week till < PROPMALE>'s on vaca lol 
Good times 
Slept all of a few hours last night ... should be an interesting day at work 
laughs hysterically whilst the mom < PROPFEMALE > keeps kicking the kitten 10 feet off the climby thing ... and he just keeps going back ! 
Good times last night ... one of these days I'm going to see my ass in someone's pictures :-) 
Should be an interesting monday at work 
is feeling like a million bucks ! This is going to be a good day ;-) 
is looking at another place in Derry , this one has a roommate though .... 
Can't sleep at the moment 
Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
My cat cut the bottom of the boxspring .. again .. time to get the orange smelly stuff 
Kinda sleepies , and I need to buy a harness for my deck ! Stupid lying crutchfield ! 
Woot ! Get outta work , put new deck in , go to Maine for a rough weekend of beach and prolly golf 
And another long week of work begins ! 
Needs to quit smoking ! 
Who could possibly buy breakfast , lunch and dinner ... for the week ... for $4.98 ? This guy , oh yeah , hold the applause ! haha 
So there I was ... 
Tired after a long week ... shower and sleepies ! 
Zombie today :-) 
Taking a shower and then up at the ass crack of < PROPFEMALE > to plead my case ... wish me luck ! 
Works ... then probably naps after , I'm an old man !! 
Working ... at work ... who does that ?! It's a one man army over here .. and I'm it ! ;-) 
Department of the Navy : \Our records indicate that your current Enlistment contract in the Individual Ready Reserve will expire within the next 6 months . \ " WOOHOO !! Please no WW3 in the next 6 months prez ! " 
weird ... wonder why my status didn't update but it's on my homepage ... 
Not wanting to be at workies , rather be other places ... with other peoples 
I know ... I know ... I keep changing my picture ... can't decide I tell ya 
I am nearly exactly through half of Angels and Demons , bought it last night ... it's 700 pages . Who would of thunk it ?!? 
Why is facebook for blackberry hating my balls today ?!? 
Ahh .. freedom !!! Now ... what to eat for three weeks ?!? 
Just in case no one knows ... Chelmsford has decided that 6.25% sales tax wasnt enough , so they're raising it another . 75% to 7.00% , Nice !!! 
Come on Mikey !!! 
Not feeling so hot ... is it the glue fumes from the stuff im binding , or something else ? Hmm ... 
Need to clean house but I don't wanna ! * sigh * 
Bah ! Stupid Verizon ... gotta deal with them for a < PROPFEMALE > * Sigh * 
okie ... karate chopped Verizon , and we're good ;-) 
Probably putting a deposit on an Apt in Hudson , woot ! 
Someone has a case of the mondays ! ;-) 
More bored than a monkey with no banana ! 
Awesome time last night ! Football and bonfire tonight , then sleep ! 
Leaving work finally ! Maybe I'll get paid enough to pay for tomorrow night ... for some reason I doubt that ! HA ! 
Oh I don't know 
Done Christmas Shopping for the fam !! First time < PROPFEMALE > r done before like ... Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! Ha ! 
Congrats < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Is going to an interview , then works ! Wish me luck ! 
Trying not to fall asleep at work ! 
My car and I were not happy about starting this morning ! 
Has a huge icicle and ice block attached to my fire escape/window ! Guess i'm jumping off the roof if there's a fire ! Haha 
Almost Christmas ! Woohoo ! 
Off to works for another wonderful week ... 
The landlord said no cats or dogs , he didn't say anything about a mogwai ! 
Thinks my landlord can suck my ass ! I can't have a Mogwai , or any caged animals ! 
Patriots ... really ... what was that ?!? 
I wish those in Haiti luck with the recovery effort , godspeed 
Figured out how to download my UML email to Gmail ! Woohoo ! 
$1474 to fix my car ! * Taking donations to the \Tom fund for the sustainability and improvement of his car \"*" 
Ready for school to start ! I know ... I have issues 
Oh Supreme Court ... How you just completely changed the politics in this country ... I can't see any way this could be a good thing 
I love when my thinking won't let me sleep ! 
My WWI Professor : < PROPFIRST > , you have a great historical mind as demonstrated by questioning my proof on the argument . HAHA ! 
Class , sleep , work , class , sleep , work , study ! 
Hmm ... well the first option in urban dictionary is quite um ... hilarious ... but naughty , so we'll post the second :) Thomas : The best boyfriend a girl can ask for . Will do anything for you and will love you with all his heart . Any girl who dates him will be the happiest girl on the planet . 
Hmm .... still awake , thinking does not do a body good ! 
Sleep !! Then homework , chat session while watching the superbowl ... for some reason I have a feeling I'm gonna have trouble concentrating on WWI ! 
Holey cow I feel like ass ... who woulda thought 4 beers throughout the whole night would make me feel like this ! I'm clearly getting old ! 
RIP Capt . < PROPMALE > ! 
I wish there was an off switch on my brain ... or an alarm ... something ! 
Wow I'm hurtin this morning . Did you know that UML South and that whole area was Chelmsford back in the day ?!? 
Ordering a coffee for delivery ? Priceless ! 
Had a lot of fun at Chinese New Year in Boston , highly recommend anyone go next year that hasn't seen it ! 
90 on my first paper ! Yay !!! 
Anyone else down with skating at the Forum on Friday ? I figure the more the merrier ! 
60MPH Wind gusts . WTF ?! I feel like I'm in Florida again except 40 degrees colder ! 
Hmm anyone want to go shoot tonight or tomorrow ? They don't have power atm lol 
< PROPMALE > bus driver accused of raping 8th grader .... wtf is wrong with people ?!?! 
Didn't sleep all night yet again ... woohoo 
Ah another wonderful Monday . At least its nice out ! 
Is getting the alien on his ear removed on the 23rd ! YAY ! 
So I feel pretty good about my test ... we'll see how it goes :) 
You know you go to Dunkin Donuts too much when you show up , and they already have your coffee and muffin ready ! 
Junkyard wars ?! I thought this show was gone like 10 years ago ! 
HAPPY PI DAY ! Lol 
I got an 88 on my second WWI paper ! Woot ! So far an overall 89 ! I'm so close ima have to get it to at least a 91 right ?! 
Driving range today ? We shall see ... we shall see 
Ahahaha I'm g to the angster in this pic 
Ohhhhhhh Back To School Back To School To Prove To Dad That I'm Not A Fool I've Got My , Luch Packed Up My Boots Tied Tight I Hope I Don't Get In A Fight Ohhhh Back To School Back To School Back To School 
Got a C+ on his exam , but the Highest grade was a B+ so it's not too bad . Also , I'm starting a revolution :) 
Going to the mall to wander until I find something sufficient as a gift to my old sibling . Then Portsmouth ! 
Need .... coffee ... where is my coffee delivery service when I need one ?! 
Is in a super-fantabulous mood today ! Picking up my bike after work today ! 
Happy Easter ! 
Wiping egg off your car is a pain in the ass * shaking fist * Damn Kids !! 
$492 to fix my car ... includes tightening rear shocks and new rear tires and alignment . Why does that seem more than it should be ?? 
Is insanely bored at work 
Is quite a happy mofo ! Showers , beds , works and class ! 
Is going to Indianapolis to kick the shit outta some meth heads for my awesome Aunt ! 
Who wants to see < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in < PROPMALE > on Fri 7/9 ??? I know most won't know who he is , so look him up , he's a singer/songwriter 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!!! in Edmonton , ME-A little girl , 3 years old was picked up by a man driving a grey car , licence was plated Quebec 728 381 . 
scratch that .... There is no Edmonton , Me ( That's in Canada ) and there's no active < PROPFEMALE > alerts nationwide :) 
ALL OF MY FRIENDS : Go to spokeo.com, search your name or anyone else . It has where you live , how many are in your house , names of who's in your house , how much you make , etc . etc . If you click the privacy thing on the bottom right , you can remove your listing 
Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > , you will be greatly missed and forever loved :( 
OMG I'm gonna kill my coworker already and it's only 9 ... this is gonna be a long day 
Tgif ! 
Listening to old school jayz , member when he used to be half decent ? 
Soul searching , it requires a little learning , of me myself and I . Looking through the haze , its all such a maze , finding the cheese at the end . Mmm cheese 
Clearly gonna be up for a while thinking . Ah well , my brother speaks words of wisdom , imagine that right ?! 
Finally got my permanant license ! Now maybe they'll stop thinking its fake ! 
Can't wait till June 25th ! Whyyy is it so far away ?! 
Apparently we were meeting at 7 today * sigh * 
Ugh long night , I suppose next time ill set up an advanced payment when I remember 
Apparently getting free dinner and drinks after work at the elks from one of our printing companies . Anyone wanna join ? 
Registered the bike finally , helped an old lady cross the street , and had a shoot out with some gangsta's :) 
Ahahaha someone getting arrested at cumby's . They're taking the lights off and everything 
Anyone with a motorcycle wanna go for a ride ? Hit me up 
Holey sticky out , buying an air conditioner on my lunch break !!! 
k picked it up . A lot heavier than I thought . If anyone wants to help putting it in , ill buy you beer or something 
Finally finished installing my air conditioner ... 2.5 hours later ! that's what I get for avoiding drilling any holes ... I ended up adding a support bracket anyway 
Just got my vaca slip back , its been signed and approved ! Woohoo !!! I can't wait ! 
Is getting a free test brewer from keurig ! Its supposed to make iced stuff and cappacino's! I try it for three months , get three months of delux coffee ! 
I wanna fight people right now ... not good 
Friday Friday , got my hawaiin shirt on , playin golf after work with ny orange golf shoes and gators bag ! 
Screw it , staying in tonight 
Well , did my good deed for the day , helped some lady broken down in the middle of the street , move it , the called aaa for her :) 
Not so much wanting to work tomorrow , can we have another Sunday ? 
Holy exhausted today , def taking a nap after work 
Hating facebook right now ... not letting me change my picture 
Wait , if I'm doing my job and someone elses at the same time , shouldn't I get twice the pay ? Hahaha 
The highschool drama never really ends , does it ? 
Lions and tigers and bears oh my ! 
Its Friday , I ain't got no job and I ain't got shit to do ! Ok maybe last two are lies 
\Mama grizzlies are going to take back the u . s . \"- sarah palin " 
Oh how I love the Boston skyline 
At the rents washing and waxing the bike . Anyone wanna join or stop by , feel free 
Heading to the parents again for a fine day of laundry and wash/wax the car . Then maybe golf after , feel free to stop by 
Beautiful day for a bike ride :) 
What's everyones plan for memorial day ? 
So who's gonna start running with me ? 
I kinda wanna buy boat shoes . Omg I'm turning into my dad/timmy 
I just thought of something . Since there's a tribe in africa called tootsie , are they the original tootsie rolls ? 
Stupid comcast is down yet again , I think this is the third time now ? 
6 minutes for 3/4 of a mile .... not good 
Someone remind me next time I drink that I'm old now ... 
Going for a ride on the ol crotch rocket if anyone wants to join 
Shower then parents to do laundry 
Woot just sold my old tv on craigslist 
How does one learn to sail , and where ? 
I don't understand myself sometimes , ill tell ya 
So I have my bike in pieces at dunkin donuts at the moment 
So all I needed to do was run carb cleaner through the gas ... oye 
Dear South/North Korea , please wait 5 months to go to war so I don't get recalled , k thanks . I'm glad we had this talk 
SYKE !!! That's right , I'm bringing it back old school 
So I'm officially a dumb ass ... there was nothing wrong w/ my bike other than a little gunk in the carb , just needed some fuel system cleaner 
God I hate when a spider makes it in your car and always seems to drop right in front of you while you're driving 
Spider dropping in front of you while driving : suck . Looking over at the roof on the inside and seeing 5 toe prints : priceless 
Jahovahs witnesses are def not the first thing I want to see in the morning 
Ugh looks like someone got my card info in pennsylvania . Off to the bank to take enough money out for two weeks 
Woah random date tonight ! Woo !! 
In portsmouth for the day with the brother and sister in law . Mmm good beer 
Played golf today , drinking at brens . Its a good time 
There should be a post memorial weekend sleep day 
Lol so after nodding off for a minute at my desk , I turn around and my three other co workers are all passed out ! 
The hurt locker is a very good movie , true story 
Is shedding his skin like a snake ... ssssssss ;) 
I must need to change my ipad hahaha 
Would be a lovely day for golf 
Could go for a beer after work , anyone interested ? 
Whyy am I so grumpy this week , not a big fan ! 
What's on the menu for tonight ladies and gentlemen ? 
Its a beautiful morning , sun is shining and I'm alive . Life is grand :) 
< PROPMALE > and I played an awesome 9 today , I got a good feeling about Maine 
What would scooby doo do ? 
Needs a local bank , I'm thinking workers cu or eastern bank . Anyone have recommendations ? 
I like how I just walked around the vege area for 20 mins looking for zucchini , but apparently I didn't know what it looked like ... :) 
Keeping my fingers crossed that I'm gonna get my replacement card today ... I hate having money that I can't touch 
Eminem needs to go back on drugs or hook up with dre or something ... 
Can't wait for yummy stripers tonight ! Curious to see how much oysters are 
Feeling a bit like the weather outside lol 
So I finally registered for VA health and dental , but can't seem to get a hold of anyone for an initial visit . God how I love the VA lol 
FINALLY got my new debit card today , and currently rocking out to the classics on my way back to work ! Thanks to all that helped !! 
So much for no rain today . Good ol weatherman 
Anyone wana go to the shooting range in manchester today ? 
Finally going to bed . Couldn't stop watching the rest of band of brothers lol 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with Fox and gilfeather squared 
Wonderful morning so far , stan ordered the wrong books for a class , and another hotel can't find books we sent to them . Gotta love mondays :) 
Just discovered the apt downstairs has a washer and dryer ! So pissed ! 
On the bike today :) 
So cops apparently don't like when you do 60 in a 25 on smith street ... good thing I knew him haha 
Just ran a half mileish except decided to go around the block which is one big hill down and one up ... my ass really hurts ! Can you pull an ass muscle ? Haha 
Highschool : Baggy Jeans ; Navy : cargo pants ; after Navy : bootcut jeans ; Finally graduated to straight cut jeans ... too bad I don't have an ass but daaammnnn I look sexy hahaha\ 
In other news : I need to quit smoking , this whole not being able to breath after running isn't kosher , anyone tried the e-cig thing ? I've heard good things 
88 on Friday , sunny , perfect for golf I say 
Hates the dating game , now I remember why I don't like being single lol 
\I try to get out and they pull me back in ! \ " So ready for vaca ! " 
Just got in an accident , ladys gonna go to insurance over two screw marks on her bumper . Ohhh well 
RED FLAG !! Abort , abort !! One down , one to go lol 
Golf then out for food and whatnot woot ! 
By far the worst round of golf I've played in my life ! Hopefully my nights better ! 
Went to walmart for soap and putty knife , came home with those plus a bookshelf and lamp , broke bookshelf putting it together ugh 
Happy Fathers day ! Off to portsmouth in a few 
Loong day at the red hook brewery , nap time . Anyone doing anything tonight lemme know 
Really fuckin pissy this morning . People can go fist themselves :) 
Well at least I'm busy at work today and tomorrow , hopefully this week will go by fast ! 
Famous words of the day : \do you smell gas ? \ " \ " Um yes ... you're parked at a gas station ... \"" 
@uno's if anyone wants to join 
Got some new golf shoes ! $50 at modells for footjoys ( no they're not orange ... sorry to disappoint ! ) 
Its hump day ! Two more days till vaca ! Gonna < PROPFEMALE > with my homay drinkin tangeray 
Just spent an hour driving around looking for those racket bug zapper things ! I give up ! Online ordering it is !! 
Vaca after work tomorrow !! Rockin out to metallica's first TAPE before cds existed and my dad would yell \what is that noise ! \"" 
Put Mail on hold ( weird right , i'm like old or something ) , took out trash , did dishes , didn't pick up apartment lol and packed . VACATION TOMORROWS !!! 
VACATIONS !!! Peace out crackers ! 
Lovin life ! Vacation is the balls ! 
I love the mother f'in ocean ! 
Bout to go sea kayaking wif myself ! 
May or may not still be drunk lol 
Let me love you down , there's so many ways to love you . Had that song in my head all bloody day ! 
Happy Fourth peoples !! More boat and sun time today :) 
Home in hudson ! Lots of cleaning to do :( nap first though 
This whole having to go to work is just a bad dream right ? 
Nothing like going to work and it's already 80 and humid . I think it's time for another vacation ! 
Just switched to my free VA health coverage , and in doing so , gave myself a nice little raise !! 
Pray for me's! Ultrasound Saturday , seeing outside doc at 1 , really wish I had a woman at the moment so I could blame her lol 
Woot !! Who wants to make babies ?! Lol 
Anyone wanna see dispicable me tonight , read a good review lol 
May or may not have just spent 75 at borders . That's a first ! 
So far read 175 out of 1072 pages of < PROPFIRST > kings newest book . I can't put it down ! Highly recommend it so far 
Bah I hate dreams that wake you up on the wrong side of the bed :( 
Reading some more , then most likely some sleepy time before work tomorrow :) 
Signing up for classes this fall , yay ! I'm excited to go back ! 
Ta < PROPMALE > three classes this semester on campus , Writing Fiction ( Im gonna be the next < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > except less fucked ) , England 1485-1714 , and Intro to Philosophy 
Holy shit this new router is pissing me off ! 
Welp , starting to look at new laptops/netbook . Any recommendations ? 
Needs a new life too . Bren where'd you get that application ?! 
Nothing like applying for jobs at your job . For some reason that seems wrong to me * shrug * 
Dooby dooby doo . Dooby dooby doo . Dooby dooby doo yeah ! 
Ugh already getting annoyed with this new girl and I haven't even gone on a date with her yet . Is there such a thing as a normal girl anymore ? 
Is watching a spider make a web . Its actually really cool lol 
Going to my brothers around 5 to chill 
Just got beamed in the head from a 3 year olds < PROPFEMALE > toy . I always knew I hated her ! 
Not loving life right now , oye 
Female llamas use spitting as their\ 
< PROPMALE > method to maintain status within the herd and to fend\ 
off unwanted attention . Random fact of the day :) 
Feels like his worlds about to turn right side up and he's gonna grab it by the balls ! Might even give em a little jiggle :) 
Like creating new words . I've noticed they tend to be dirty mixed with some sort of food lol 
Riding my bike in the rain during a thunderstorm . I can check that off the list ! 
I REALLY GOTTA PEE BUT THE LANDLORD IS CHANGING THE TOILET BECAUSE HE THINKS ITS LEAKING , BUT REALLY I JUST OVERFLOWED IT ... 
Going to hookfest tomorrow . Good beer and music ! Lemme know if you wanna come 
Do they have pills that have the opposite effect of viagra ? I need some today ! 
So the guy next house over is digging a hole so I say \have issues with your septic tank ? \ " And he replies \ " no man ... just gotta dig a hole ... \"" 
So I'm looking to get a camera , what do I get . I seriously spent hours last night researching and can't decide lol 
Redhook fest ! Good beer and music for the win ! And I bought a fancy shmancy lawn chair at dicks because I forgot one ! 
I'm lovin this . Redhook fest is the shit 
Shower than down to the rents for dads bday . Had a blast last night , anything going on tonight ? 
I hereby request that Monday be an additional weekend day ! 
I wanna do something . Like ... go sky diving , or scuba diving , or jump of a < PROPMALE > with a parachute-diving , or ... well we'll just keep it g :) 
Busy as hell ! I'm doing 3 peoples jobs today ... oh well at least I won't be bored ! 
Happiness will never come to those who cannot appreciate what the already have 
Had a good time at the Perham household , now I'm off to milk a couple cats and go to bed ! 
is ready for the weekend ! OMG this week has been long ! Not only did I do two , sometimes three peoples jobs , but I wrestled an alligator and a walrus ! Those things are vicious I tell you ! 
omg I just had an orgasm in my mouth from little caesars . Yup I said it . It's $9 for a large cheese/peperoni , crazy bread and a 2 liter 
Anyone wanna go out to < PROPMALE > or Nashua tonight ? I'm in the mood to shake my ass ... ok maybe just drink beer 
Woot ! :) 
Not sure if I'm in the friend zone still , but god damn it if I'm not gonna try to fight my way out of it ! Fighting is half the battle , right ? Or maybe that's thinking ? Whatever , i'm gonna do it lol 
I hate when you wake up normal time to go to work ... except it Saturday ! Breakfast here I come ! 
Cleaning house today , despite my 4 hours of sleep , if anyone wants to come over tonight just gimme a ring . 
Taking myself on a date , that's right , and I'm a hottie 
Showers and food for the win ! Yup I'm bored , hit me up 
Just found a really cool diner in Derry ! 
Making scallops in a white wine-herb sauce w/ asparagus for dinner ! Should be yumalicious ! :) 
Ok bed for reals now 
Really not in a good mood today 
Yay new neighbors are cool ! One left ... hope its not the middle aged creepy guy moving in ! 
Holy hell my company is full of assholes ! I need a new job asap 
Getting ready for sleepy time , really wish it was clear so I could possibly see the northern lights :( 
On the bike today :) Note to all you none riders , don't ride a bikes ass , he can stop a hell of a lot faster than you , k , thanks . 
What should I cook for dinner tonight ? 
Is doing a happy dance * happy dance , happy dance ! * see 
Kinda want to go to american stonehenge in salem , but I'll go assuming it's from colonial times , not pre-historic or whatever 
Just discovered there's a farmers market in downtown nashua on Sunday ! 
Just attempted to recreate a dinner from japan , almost ruined the rice but it turned out awesome . I have lunch and dinner for the next month lol ! 
Just applied to like ... 7 Lockheed < PROPFIRST > jobs all across the country , wish me luck ! 
anyone have an extra $800 laying around ? Maybe a girl too ? Or want to buy my bike ? lol 
Update : I have applied to 1 Northrop Grumman job , 12 Lockheed < PROPFIRST > Jobs , 2 Boeing jobs , and 1 Defense Logistics Agency job . Theoretically I should get ONE of those , right ?! Lol 
Holy crap I'm tired ! Ok so someone gimme something to write about ! 
I want a pet capabera !! 
Let's go patriots !! 
British beer company , westford , tonight ? 
Had a good time last night , bit of a highschool reunion and I still wanna drink with the bartender lol 
I have now found my new favorite lunch place , the wrap shack ! < PROPMALE > wrap = orgasmic ! :) 
Thinking of taking a random ride to seabrook or something , I wanna go for a walk next to the beach ! 
Off to lobsterfest in portsmouth again ! 
Whoever said my bike is comfy after long rides obviously didn't have a boney ass ! :) 
Loving the new droid update :) 
I need a hug today , bah 
* doing < PROPMALE > is a white boy dance * 
http://www.beloit.edu/mindset/2014.php 
* Does more white boy < PROPMALE > dance * This time with just a sock on ... you know you love it 
Filet < PROPFEMALE > wrapped in bacon = yum ! Glad I didn't believe my crappy meat thermometer 
I'm hurtin this morning ! I'm thinking a nap is in order :) 
K so if anyone wants to gimme an offer on my bike .... reasonable ... ill take it * sigh * 
4 hours on the phone , that's what she said jokes , and likes good beer ?! It can't be true ! Lol 
Welp pretty much need a miracle at this point . Everything happens for a reason , right ? 
YES ! RANDOM GUY PULLS THROUGH , WILL BE ALL SET TOMORROW MORNING !! And he's from Exeter , which is where I'm going to be all weekend , it couldn't be better ! * does white boy happy dance x10 * 
Gave my landlord 1400 cash , omg that's a lot of dough ! Who wants to help me move at the end of Sept ? Moving a month early for easiness 
Hahaha facebook has a pirate language option !!! This is awesome 
Looks like my new thing is breakfast every Sunday , its pretty awesome I tell you ! 
Checking a place out in Derry on my way home , the I suspect being lazy on the couch :) 
Holy crap I need to finish < PROPFIRST > Kings book because apparently the last Hunger Games book is on it's way ! School starts in a week and a half , omg ! 
I may have found my place ! Its down the road a little closer to the highway , 800 includes everything and if I want a pet ( cat , dog , whatev ) there's no fee ! 
Got the last book of The Hunger Games trilogy , Mockingjay ! Somehow need to read the last 500 pages of the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > book and then read this one ! Haha 
Decided to go to the local sports bah and watch the game . Come on by ! 
Work and then ice cream date , woot !! 
Had an awesome first date ! Second date is at the airshow ... loud jets and adrenaline flowing , what could be better ?! :) oh and for Kristen-happy white boy dance !! 
So , I think I'm gonna scuttle my moving plans and stay in my place another year 
Airshow was awesome , traffic sucked , < PROPFEMALE > is awesome , I'm lovin life ! 
Alright , so what should I blog about today ? I was thinking how to prepare for a zombie attack :) 
Really hope I'm not getting sick ! If so , I blame it on ... the seal ! Work and then going to Kittery for dinner with the fam :) 
Apparently alka seltzer makes me reeeaaalllyyy drousy ! Well that and lack of sleep for the past week probably 
Called out today , kinda feel like a sweaty , sandy buttcheek at the moment . 
Feeling much better than I did this morning , still not 100% but I think some showers , soup and white boy dancing may do the trick ! Work and class tomorrow ! 
Busy day at work today , then class till 10ish ! I'm sure my bed will be waiting for me when I get home ! 
Date night tonight ! Sox game tomorrow ! Double date Sunday ! I'm a wee bit excited for this weekend :) 
Had a super awesome calafragalistic time last night ! :) hanging out with bren at the sox game tonight !! 
Had a wonderful weekend this weekend ! Work and psych today , may have to tape my eyelids open lol 
I saw the ghost of < PROPFEMALE > today ! She was blocking traffic on Rt . 4 and sniffing cars as they went by , she looked a bit confused until someone finally stopped to take her to the shelter ! Ok so maybe it wasn't < PROPFEMALE > , but it was an old beagle :) Work , then homework , then cooking the girl my promised steak and corn ! 
Wine or beer , that is the question . Or question ? Did I just question my question ? I most certainly did 
Work and class tonight ! So , I think I'm writing two stories , one's about a virus that attacks some guys girlfriend and he tries to save her before she dies , and the other is about flesh eating bugs in Indiana . I'm so romantic :) 
Woke up in a fantastic mood next to a fantastic girl ! Carpe diem ! 
My first story seems to be taking shape quite nicely , about a < PROPFEMALE > so far and it's still the intro basically . Thinking it might be a bit longer than I originally expected :) 
Work and school all week long , my manager is such a tool , but my girlfriend , oh yeah , she's so cool . This morning's poemish brought to you by : a full nights sleep ! 
I'm gonna post what I've written so far in my story later , input would be appreciated :) the title may change 
My favorite book got turned into a movie !! Its coming out tomorrow ! < PROPMALE > and jew I say we double date go to the movies on sat or sun nights 
Umass was ranked 56th in the world , 4th in NE ( behind harvard , mit and tufts ) and 14th in the US . I'm smaht hahaha 
A < PROPMALE > late to work today ... had a great weekend though ! Work and history tonight , woohoo ! 
Philosophy tonight , booooo ! 
About to walk over to the vet and treat this guy like he's treating his dog . Luckily one of the vets saw too 
\Fossil hunters have uncovered the remains of an ancient beast that can \ 
So excited for this weekend and next weekend ! Fun filled weekends for the win !! 
If there was a turtle crossing the road , would you help it or hit it ? 
Wish I could solve the problem :( 
Beautiful morning waking up to a beautiful girl next to me :) off to the rents to do laundry and drop off computers , then professor thing and peeps 
Busy week this week and then camping this weekend ! Can't wait ! 
Grrr the \Westboro Baptist Church aka godhatesfags.com\ " is coming to uml south to protest the laramie project play ... glad its on a Sunday so I don't do anything " 
Can't this week be over already ? 
Its my Friday today , woohoo ! Long day of work and class ahead but at least the onion confirmed < PROPFIRST > Beiber is really a 50 y/o pedophile 
Had an awesome weekend camping this weekend with the wifey , Lauren and < PROPFEMALE > ! No technology is nice :) now back to the real world , boooo 
Work and history tonight , no philosophy this week , yay ! P.s. we really should not celebrate columbus ... just sayin 
Tis by far , the luckiest man on the planet ! I don't know what I did to deserve her , but I ain't letting her go ! 
Happy 235th Birthday Navy !! 
Its Friday ! Can't wait to get out of work ! Busy Saturday but lounging Sunday with my one and only :) 
Couch and chair = $150 . Having a woodpecker fly into your apartment and < PROPFEMALE > out = priceless :) 
I need a new bed , back pain and rib hurting when I wake up is not a good time ! 
Cars gonna be paid off in Feb ! Happy Birthday to meee ! 
Yay Friday ! Busy weekend and studying to look forward to , but Sat will be a good time ! 
Midterm in my history class tonight , wish me luck ! 
Red lights mean stop , not run it 15 seconds after , nearly t-boned me ! 
OMG enough with the political ads ! Seriously every commercial is an ad attacking someone else , enough ! 
Got a lot done today ... ok maybe just cleaned out my closets , but there was a lot ! And I wandered around Lowes for like an hour for no reason :) 
Happy Halloween peoples ! 
This should be an interesting week at work ... going to be doing three peoples jobs after Wendsday ! 
Can't wait until Saturday ! It can't come soon enough ! 
Greatest morning ever , moving in my gorgeous gf :) 
Let's go pats ! 
Presentation tonight and getting my midterm back , come on A+ * crosses fingers * hehe 
97 on my midterm and 100 on my presentation in my history class , woohoo ! 
I have the best girlfriend in the world ! Dishes , cookies and loves , I love my life :) 
I\ 
am a Veteran . A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , \ 
wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an \ 
amount up to , and including , their life . Regardless of personal \ 
political views , that is an honor , and there are way too many people in \ 
this country who no longer remember that fact ....... Copy and paste this \ 
as your status if you are a Veteran 
Happy Veterans day to all my fellow vets ! To all you overseas , stay safe 
Three little birds were by my doorstep , singin sweet songs , a < PROPFEMALE > pure and sure , this is my message to you hoo hoo ! 
This Monday needs to hurry up and go away ! 
Waiting patiently for our new Jordans temperpedic ! Much needed ! 
In order for uml to even look at my navy transcript , I have to fill out a petition and get the academic advisor for my program to sign it ... gotta love it 
You know what today is ? The day before Friday 
Seriously ? Not only is Palin running in 2012 but < PROPFIRST > Trump ... why don't we throw < PROPFIRST > Mouse and < PROPFIRST > Fudd in there too 
Three day work week = win ! 
Tylenol pm and breathe right strips are on my christmas list 
Happy Thanksgiving !! 
Dear N Korea , please stop shooting South , I really don't want to be in WWIII , thanks :) looking forward to a fun weekend ! 
Putting together cows is tough business ... 
Christmas tree and lights are half up , starting to feel a lot like christmas ! 
Had a great day hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and Peeps ! 
Rip < PROPFIRST > Nielson , I grew up laughing at your silly jokes . Working maybe a full day ... we'll see , I feel like ass 
Dear nose , \ 
I know you like to announce how well I'm sleeping , and that's great and all , but I must kindly ask you to cease and desist . Don't make me get all up in your junk with nasal sprays and kung fu tissues . \ 
Love\ 
< PROPMALE > 
So excited for Robyns interpreting test tomorrow , you're gonna kick butt < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Everyone check out my letter to the editor . Www.nashuatelegraph.com/opinionletters/901597-263/eerie-similarity-in-civil-rights-arguments.html 
Anyone recommend snow tires ? After the last two winters I'm giving in . Looking at the firestone winterforce 
I love my life :) 
Final in history today ... let's hope I can stay awake 
Almost done my first story ! Just gotta finish the ending and then edit it and it'll be done ! I'm thinking tomorrow or Wendsday 
Welp , should be getting a B in my history class , not too happy about it to be honest . Oh well , just need all A's next semester ! 
Wooott ! One more day of work and class then romantic weekend up in the mountains ! 
Just got my replacement droid ! Gotta say , I love google , it downloaded all my contacts and apps I had on my other phone without me needing to do anything ! 
Come onnn Friday ! 
X-47 ready for its first test flight . Unmanned stealth bomber w/ 4500 lbs of weapon capability . I have a really bad feeling about this ... 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > squared !!! As in the < PROPFEMALE > of < PROPFEMALE > :) 
3.65 for the semester ! Booyah ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Aww yeah , first Christmas < PROPFEMALE > with my baby and Christmas starwars all day long ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas hohoho ! 
Best Christmas ever !! Congrats to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s engagement and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s engagement !! 
This is gonna be a long day ... 
Yay kindle books can be loaned now ! 
Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > peoples ! Love that I get to spend it with my gorgeous < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Stop smoking day 1 , bring it on biatch ! 
Oh money , why do you hate me ? 
Cotton Bowl is on ! Go LSU ! 
Waiting for my heating element to get to grainger so I can fix the heat ! Its currently a toasty 55 in my apt at the moment ;) 
Snow day ! Almost a foot of snow on the ground already , not looking forward to the forever shoveling ! 
I turn on the radio and hear \National Communist Radio ... that is NPR ... National Communist Radio said ... \ " yeah there's no problem with the language in politics .. " 
Taking a snow day today with my baby :) 
First day of class today ( online that is ) looks like its gonna be a long semester ! 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > is being sued for false advertising for claiming it uses beef in its products ... apparently it contains less than 35% beef , yum ! 
Wish I had a bicycle , I wanna start biking again ( like I have since high school ) 
Ohh snow snow snow , won't you go go go , you make me loath the drive home dooby dooby doo . Though I'm excited for a snow day tomorrow ( again ! ) 
Its amazing how one decision can have an such an impact later on 
We need a vacation 
Wow , Wickard v . Filburn is quite an eye opening case ... 
Congrats Egypt ! I'm cautiously optomistic ! 
Is it time to go golfing yet ?!?! 
Happy Valentines Day !! 
Is , at this very moment , reading the articles and sections of the constitution . For fun . There's something that sounds wrong about that ! :) 
Repubs in NH are trying to sneak through repeal of same sex marraige laws ! HB 0437 and HB 0443 . Jerks 
Its going to be an awesome week ! 
Wonderful birthday breakfast in bed ! Thank you baby ! 
Thank you for the birthday wishes everyone ! I love you all ! 
Do you think the golf courses open yet ?! 
Had a great time last night , thank you everyone for coming ! 
Had an amazing weekend with my baby , I want a three day weekend every weekend ! 
And so Discovery has landed for the last time . This is a sad day , being that our space program is essentially ending in the interest of private companies . 
Hmm a new age McCarthyism against muslims going on right now ? Seems to be ! It'll be Kingism soon ! Anyway , its almost Friday ! :) 
Happy Pi day :p 
Can't wait for Spring !! 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s day ! 
Woohoo !! 158 days until < PROPFEMALE > and I go on a 7 day cruise to the Caribbean !! 
Crossing my fingers ! 
I have an amazing girlfriend :) 
Anyone out there in Navy land wanna give me info on Pax River ? Ill give you and e-hug 
