I have a Social Psychology test on Friday ... Has anyone ever noticed that things become so much more interesting when you are supposed to be studying ; I am even thinking about working on my geology homework ( gasp *) P.S. Everyone needs to join the Purple People Party ! 

is anxiously awaiting her geology exam grade .... 
Back from class ; I got a 98 ! Now off to study for my social psychology test ... ugh . 
is playing and most likely losing poker with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Leaving for my social psychology exam , then class until 3:15 , then home to do laundry and then grocery shop ... Does anyone want to trade places ? 
just got back from the < PROPFEMALE > Wars concert . One word : AMAZING ! 
Working/staring blankly at my geology notes and homework ... 
Looking forward to the psychology club meeting tomorrow . We are going to watch clips from the < PROPMALE > Potter movies and then discuss the psychology behind the < PROPMALE > Potter books . yay ! 
Off to mentoring ... not looking forward to spending two hours on a bus . 
Working on my environmental ethics paper ... got to love philosophy ;) 
Watching Man vs . Food ! 
A busy day of homework and studying ahead .... I cannot wait for Thanksgiving ! 
Hey guys ! As part of the third phase of STAND's current campaign , Pledge2Protect , we are getting as many people possible to pledge to make genocide prevention legislation a priority . You can add your name here : http://www.ipledge2protect.org/ Our goal is 100,000 nationwide . Add your name , send it to your friends and help us reach that number ! 
Gone to eat the banana bread that my amazing aunt and uncle came and surprised me with today ! 
Playing poker with Merinda and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Class all day , then off to New Hampshire ! 
In Laconia ... traffic was horrible , but we made it ! 
Okay , so I woke up this morning really early to get to Snell library at seven so that I could print out my study guide for my geology exam . Guess what ? I walk up to the building and it was closed , because of stupid Thanksgiving break ! I am soooo mad , Info Commons is supposed to be open 24/7 and the one time I need to go there early it is closed . Grr ... off to a day of studying . 
is going to be studying for yet another geology exam ALL day ... 
A full day of mentoring and studying tomorrow ... and finals are coming ( eek) ! 
Geology exam tomorrow ... after five days of studying I just want to get it over with ! 
One night of relaxation before the craziness of finals starts ! 
It is snowing ! 
Quizzes and tests and finals , oh my ! 
had her last day of classes and now has to make it through finals ! 
is really sick of people . 
will be studying for her geology final all day .... ugh . 
is done with geology .... FOREVER ! 
really enjoys watching clips of Disney songs on youtube and attempting to sing them with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
has her first day at work at the Shaw's in Boston a.k.a. the busiest Shaw's in the country ... 
is going shopping with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
will be sitting in her pajamas all day as a blizzard surrounds her apartment ! 
thought she lost a sock at the laundromat on Saturday , but just found it ! I cannot put into words how happy I am ( over finding this sock ) , it is actually kind of sad ... 
is back in Boston ! 
just finished reading \Lost Symbol\ " by < PROPFIRST > Brown ! " 
is off to her fourth 7:00 am shift in a row ... and is not looking forward to eight hours at Shaw's . 
I got into the developmental psychology class I have been trying to get into for a month ... YAY !! 
Today I heard a fellow Shaw's employee telling somebody that he has not used a knife or fork in five years , because they are ancient weapons used to kill and are somehow the equivalent of bringing a gun to the table ... you have to love the fun things you hear at Shaw's! 
had a very stressful first day back to school ! 
is very excited that Barack Obama is on the Northeastern campus ! 
would like to let everyone out there know that leggings are not pants and should not be worn as pants ! 
is working on an essay for developmental psychology and is then off to the social psychology lab to code ! 
destroyed the first math quiz of the semester ! 
I love college and living on my own ( with < PROPFEMALE > ) , but I am soooo sick of being broke ! 
is highly amused by < PROPFIRST > Biden nodding like a bobblehead behind Barack Obama right now during the State of the Union address ! 
was going to put up a post about a baby coming to my developmental psychology class today , but < PROPFEMALE > has informed me that nobody reads my posts ! 
I am going to register for my summer classes today ; hopefully I will get into the ones that I want and then this Fall I will be a < PROPMALE > ! 
I have a developmental psychology exam and a math quiz tomorrow .... looks like I will be studying all day ! 
is having a REALLY bad day ... :( 
had a very productive morning . It is amazing what you can do with a couple hours off , but alas , I now must go to work from 2-10 . 
I am currently trying to figure out my schedule for the next couple of years . Having so many AP credits and wanting to graduate in three years in certainly complicating everything . I am now considering doing a c o-o p for one semester , because I will still be able to graduate in three years . Decisions , decisions .... 
My math professor gave us Girl Scout cookies today during class ... it was AWESOME ! 
I just finished my developmental psychology exam , now I just have my math midterm on Thursday and then SPRING BREAK ! 
Anthropology class , studying for math midterm , directed study , mentoring in Dorchester and then movie screening in Cambridge with < PROPFEMALE > Edwards ! 
I just have to get through these next two days at Shaw's and then I have five amazing days of sitting at home and relaxing .... I love Spring Break ! 
Date night with < PROPFEMALE > was AMAZING ! 
First day of classes after a wonderful Spring Break ! 
I get to start running experiments in the social psychology lab ... YAY ! 
It has been raining for three days straight ; it really needs to stop ! 
I just went for a walk with < PROPFEMALE > around the pond by our apartment in Boston ; it was lovely ! 
I had a great time going to Chinatown , shopping , making brownies and watching a movie with Merinda and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I am a little upset about the health care < PROPMALE > passing . My step-father has a pre-existing condition so I completely agree that we need reform , but I think this was the wrong way to do it . I worked for the Barack Obama campaign and he promised a bipartisan < PROPMALE > and an end to politics as usual , unfortunately we ended up with more backroom deals and bullying than before . 
I have soooo much work to do in the next couple of weeks . I have a developmental psychology project due on Friday , which I am frantically working on . Then I have an anthropology quiz on Monday worth a third of my grade and a developmental psychology exam on Tuesday ! YIKES ! 
I just have to make it through my developmental psychology exam tomorrow and then I finally have a few days to relax ! 
Does anyone else find it horrifying when you get the same letter three times in a row multiple times on a Scantron bubble sheet ? 
I hate the start of the month when rent and bills are due ! 
Shopping in Cambridge with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I had a very interesting night at Shaw's; there is an anime convention going on , so all day I got to see people in amazing costumes ! 
I just mailed in the Lakes Region Scholarship application and I feel a great sense of relief now that it is finally finished ! 
After getting caught in the rain there is nothing better than putting on warm socks , curling up in a blanket and drinking hot chocolate ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
I watched \The Time Traveler's Wife\ " with < PROPFEMALE > last night and cried through the last twenty minutes ! :p " 
People on campus who insist on smoking : please stop smoking in front of the library , please stop walking while you are smoking so the smoke blows back on the people behind you and please stop smoking at the entrance to every building so that it is impossible to go to class without inhaling smoke . It is very rude ! Plus we are college kids ; shouldn't we all know that smoking is bad for you and can KILL you ? 
Math class outside sounds awesome in theory , but in practice it does not work out very well ! :p 
Thank you to everyone that wished me a happy birthday ; I had a great day ! :) 
Finals week .... we meet again . 
I scored 505,200 points on Bejeweled Blitz last night ... I officially have no life ! :p 
One more final to go and the semester is over ! :) 
My first year of college is over ; I can't believe it ! 
I am thinking about changing my < PROPMALE > to business , becoming a CEO and taking over the world . Good idea ? 
We have set a date for our wedding ; it is November 27th 2011 :D 
I am very proud of < PROPFEMALE > for going to college and for getting an awesome financial aid package ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and I just got back from The Cheesecake Factory ; it was soooo yummy ! :D 
May 29th is my last day at Shaw's! :) 
Making spaghetti ; I am pretty sure I could eat Italian food every single meal for the rest of my life and not get sick of it ! :) 
Today is my last day at Shaw's! I just have to survive my 2-10 shift and then it is OVER ! 
I just got back from a walk around the ponds in Jamaica Plain with < PROPFEMALE > . Who would have thought there was so much nature in Boston ? It was really pretty and nice to be surrounded by the < PROPMALE > again ! 
Watching the Scripps National Spelling < PROPFEMALE > ! You can judge me if you want , but I watch it every year and it is amazing ! 
Tornado warning in Boston ! I hope I don't get blown away ! :p 
Museum of Science for work and then off to Zach and < PROPFEMALE>'s! 
Laundry , grocery shopping and countless other errands ... fun , fun . 
I hate magic 8 balls ; they never give you the answer that you want ! 
Nantucket for the week . 
Finally back from Nantucket . It is so nice to be back in Boston so I can irritate < PROPFEMALE > ! :p 
Red Sox game ! 
I just had an amazing night in Boston with < PROPFEMALE > . We went to La Galleria 33 in the North End for dinner ( have I mentioned how much I love Italian food ? ) , then to Faneuil Hall and for a walk by the harbor ! 
I can't believe I am saying this , but I might be trying to transfer out of Northeastern for the Spring semester ! 
I am going to try on wedding dresses for the first time today ; I am so excited and nervous ! 
I just woke up and the shower not only has very little water coming out , but the little water that is coming out is all freezing cold . This is not the way I want to start my morning ! 
Just came back from a long day of working out wedding stuff in New Hampshire . The venue we thought we were going to have is out , but we found our photographer and the flowers are all picked out ! 
I am trying to convince < PROPFEMALE > that we can afford to adopt a cat from the shelter ! She is a four year old tiger cat . Comment and try to convince < PROPFEMALE > that we should get the cat ! 
Hey everyone . I have added a tab for the Making Strides Against Breast Cancer walk . Please feel free to click on it and donate . Even if you are only able to donate $1 , every little bit helps and is greatly appreciated . The walk in Boston is on October 3rd , so wish me luck and please donate if you can ! 
I am currently sifting through my closet in an attempt to get rid of all the clothes I have not worn in 5 years , all the while hoping I can get a few new things for Fall ! 
I had an excellent night out with < PROPFEMALE > at the New England Aquarium ! He was so excited to see all the fish ; it was so cute ! 
I am heading up to New Hampshire to look at three potential wedding venues . I am really hoping we find our venue today ! 
I just got a position as a research assistant at Harvard ! 
I have a strange obsession with Fall this year . All I want to do is go apple picking , eat apple pie , drink apple cider , go outside into the crisp fall air and go to all of the fairs in New Hampshire ! 
My abnormal psychology exam not only gave me an anxiety attack today , but studying for it also allowed me to be able to describe exactly what was going on in my nervous system and with my neurotransmitters during the anxiety attack ! :p 
loves having a guy in the house to kill bugs and open jars ! :p 
really wants to go see Saw 3D ! 
I have been contacted by four c o-o p employers to set up interviews in the last two days . I am so overwhelmed , but also really happy , because one of them is my top job choice ! 
I GOT A C O-O P JOB !!! 
I saw < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 last night . It was amazing ; I laughed and cried in the same places I did in the book , the special effects were great and they stayed really true to the book ( I especially enjoyed how they retold \The Tale of the Three Brothers \") . It was truly magical ! " 
Out to the North End with < PROPFEMALE > for our 4 year anniversary ! :) 
I always feel like such an adult walking around my house in the morning with my coffee mug , like I am actually drinking coffee , too bad I am still a kid at heart and will only drink hot chocolate ! :p 
Orientation at Massachusetts General Hospital today ! Then watching the kids and back to my apartment to study for my statistics final . I cannot wait for Thursday when my finals will finally be over ! 
Up to New Hampshire for Christmas ! 
I bought a ridiculous number of argyle sweaters today and could not be happier ! 
My first day of c o-o p is tomorrow . I am so nervous ; I have had butterflies in my stomach all day ! 
I am so confused ; I currently want to be a doctor , a lawyer and a research psychologist . How am I supposed to decide what I want to do with the rest of my life at 19 ? 
I wanted to make Funfetti cupcakes tonight , but I forgot the eggs ! :( 
I hate working on my taxes ; I just want my refund , not all of this frustration ! 
Over the past few months I have grown increasingly irritated by the number of commercials using the word \less\ " when they should be saying \ " fewer . \ " Last night a < PROPFEMALE > D commercial finally used the word \ " fewer\ " correctly and for that < PROPFEMALE > D will be on my grocery list this week ! ;) " 
