wow i have always felt like a libra wtf now i'm not 

wow what you can do with to much time on your hands 
just fed the cats , now < PROPFEMALE > owes me twice .. next i'll be feeding a hedgehog 
finally ! got all the x mas stuff down .. my house is back to being mine !! 
My < PROPMALE > chair is back !! 
yahoo ! got a snow day , gives me three days in a row 
ordinarily he is insane , but he has licid moments when he is only stupid ........ 
in youth we run into difficulties , in old age , difficulties run into us 
sometimes when I'm lonely , Don't know why , Keep thinkin ' I won't be lonely , by and by 
goodie goodie goodie I get < PROPFIRST > as my < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > on monday 
:( < PROPFEMALE > is going on a cruise and I khave to stay home and work 
Nothing gives such a blow to friendship as the detecting another in an untruth . It strikes at the root of our confidence ever after 
treat your friends as you do your pictures , and place them in their best light 
well .... still no water , pipes cracked . ain't life a bowl of cherries ?? hope to have pipes fixed tomorrow . fingers crossed 
i cried at first ...... and then it was such a beautiful day , that I forgot to be unhappy .... 
better to be alone than in bad company 
ouch ! still no water . need someone with slamander heater to heat up garage 
Events always take much longer to develope than expected , but once they begin they occur much faster and go much farther than anticipated ..... and let there be water !! :) 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????????? ´ ?? ¸ . • *´¨`* • . ¸ ? ¨` *•.¸??¸.•* ´¨`*• . ¸ ?. • *´¨`* •\ 
~ If you have wonderful family & friends , put this on your wall . ~ \ 
? I'm privileged to have them in my life . Thank you , for being you . ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? ´ ?? ¸ . • *´¨`* • . ¸ ? ¨` *•.¸??¸.•* ´¨`*• . ¸ ?. • *´¨`* • 
well , he's sure an ass .. He is with < PROPFEMALE > for her settlement money , he told her he doesn't get disability anymore cuz i make too much money so he can pocket his check and not help with the bills , while she is in the hospital he has been ringing my phone off the hook ( I won't answer ) 
He rode the bus home from the hosp on Monday and told the driver that I had been screwing the bus aids and how mad he was that I filed for divorce ( poor < PROPFIRST > ) He called < PROPFEMALE > at the hospital to ask if he could pawn her ' puter monitor for cigs ( more like for other things ) he just keeps on going .. feel sorry for her . 
what should happen when you make a mistake is this : you take your knocks , you learn your lessons , and then you move on 
how could he even call me after he took my jewelery , 3 handguns , two heaters , my daughters laptop , all the x-mas money and write 5 checks against my account totaling $300 from the checkbook he stole ??? 
who has that kind of nerve ? 
Let Me Die On My Own Terms , \ 
Let Me Live and Let Me Learn \ 
Now I've Followed My Own Way , \ 
I'll Live On to Another Damn Day \ 
Freedom Carries Sacrafice , \ 
Remember When This World's My Life 
Looking Forward Not Behind \ 
Everybody's Gotta Cross That Line \ 
Free Me Now to Give Me Place , \ 
Keep Me Caged to Free the Beast \ 
Fallin ' Faster As Time Goes By , \ 
Fear Has Not Seen Through These Eyes \ 
What Ther Was Will Never Be , \ 
Now I'm Blind And Cannot See 
you're only here for a short visit . Don't hurry . Don't worry . And be sure to smell the flowers along the way . 
It's not what they take away from you that counts . It's what you do with what you have left . Never give up and never give in . 
I envy paranoids , they actually feel people are paying attention to them . ;) 
Schizophrenia is caused by the fact that young people no longer obey their parents . 
Snow Day ! Snow Day !! 
Why does he call ? I don't answer nor do I care what he wants or needs .. somebody wave your magic wand and , poof ! make him go away 
selfish persons are incapable of loving others , but they are not capable of loving themselves either ... 
shared joys are doubled ; shared sorrows are halved 
Remember , wherever you go , there you are . 
Well < PROPMALE > is still calling and wants me to get my taxes done so he can get money from me , he says that he needs it to get t place of his own . 
wonder if < PROPFEMALE > is aware that he plans on moving out 
seeing as everyone else has the impression they are together , including her . 
It is so pleasant to come across people more stupid than ourselves . We love them at once for being so . 
Remember when ________________ . ( Fill in the blank with a memory of you and I . Then copy and paste on your status and see what your friends remember about you ) 
? Be very careful when you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a mans rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , and next to the heart to be loved . Copy and paste this if you agree .? 
This morning I THOUHGT , hence lost my bearings , for a good quarter of an hour ! 
We are women . We might not know what we want and we might not say what we want , but we reserve the right to be pissed off if we don't get it . ;) \ 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > 
This morning I THOUHGT , hence lost my bearings , for a good quarter of an hour ! \ 
again !!! 
I AM A HANDFUL-unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you . ! \ 
thank you < PROPFEMALE > 
two days off in a row leaves me with too much time 
hmmm . she must go to sleep about 7:30 cuz he just called again , same time last night 
Wow ! they say your always the last to know , it must be true . I just found out that I want to get back together and work it out 
And got rejected too . This delayed pain realy hurts . 
Too bad I found out about my life one day after it happened .. lol 
I have to go , my son neeeeds me ... lol he wants a back rub 
I thought i was thinking the thought that i thought but it turned out that thought wasn't thought like i thought it was thought ! 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have amazing children , put this as your status . ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
< PROPMALE > closed too 
omg , I moved my car for the guy to plow the drive and when I went out to start it it wouldn't start .. I had to take a blowdryer out to the car and blow dry under the hood and it started ... Only a pollish blonde would come up with that one 
What reason would there be to keep calling me and asking about a dog you say you left here when you didn't 
Or to keep calling when I don't answer ? again , stupid people 
Using a cattle prod or shock collar on a couple of people is looking so good right now .. 
omg now he is having his kid text me to call him ...... Again stupid people 
I just made up a new word ,, Dipshidiot ! 
I'm going to bed .. you all can rest easy for a while ... my evil plot for world dominance will resume upon the consumption of my morning's first cup of coffee .. 
woke up this morning and thought I would be productive , then had coffee and was more herself and said whew that was close ! Thank goodness for coffee ! 
Has discovered that the only true purpose of having your nipples pierced is to put a chain around your neck to hold them up when you get older .. lol 
it's always open to give and receive .... and it's RED !!! 
Sometimes the people closest to you betray you , and your home isn't a place you can be happy anymore . It's hard but it's true . 
I have no regrets ~ happy to be single again . I am at peace . I know who deserves my friendship and love , and who never deserved me in the first place 
Alright everyone put on your Happy Face ! It's time for the HAPPY FRIDAY BOOTY SHAKE ! (_/_) (_l_) (_\\_) (_l_) (_/_) (_\\_) Have a great weekend ! Go SMILE at someone 
wonders if she can get away with running around hitting people with sticks and yelling \it doesn't matter its in the past \"" 
Today will be a good day .. Drinking my coffee , took my fukitol pill , yup today will be a good day 
I'm feeling a little lonely and unloved ... I think I will go to the airport and go through a TSA < PROPFIRST > down just to get a little action ! 
... couldn't ask for better friends ! ( I could ask for more normal friends , but that would be asking for the impossible now , wouldn't it ? ) 
I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS OR HAD CANCER . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL , MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT ! I HOPE TO SEE THIS ON EVERYONE'S STATUS TODAY 
just realized that after S M T , the calendar says W T F ? 
Moms have \mothers day\ " Dads have \ " fathers day\ " Lovers have \ " Valentines day\ " what do single men have ... Palm Sunday ? just wondering " 
NO phone calls since yesterday morning !!!! Please tell me he fell off a cliff !! YES 
i am going to give my pillow some head and my sheets some booty , Good night y'all . Love y'all <3 
Another day , another < PROPMALE > to take over the world ! * EVIL LAUGH * I must drink coffee and get my fuzzy < PROPFEMALE > slippers on first ; I'll keep you posted 
QUIZ time !! What was your favorite Saturday morning cartoon growing up ?? 
when you catch a fish and release it ... does it go back and tell its friends it was abducted by aliens ? 
A nap sounds sooo good about now . 
I want a laptop NOW 
If you were under house arrest and you lived in a mobile home , would you be able to go anywhere you want ? just asking . 
May the laughter that you find in your tomorrows wipe away the pain you found in your yesterdays 
is Single , and has decided due to the weather change that it's time to have a boyfriend to keep me warm ... oh no wait I found my electric blanket - Never mind ! 
I'm off ~ to the land where money grows on trees , men and kids obey , and i rule the world GOOD NIGHT ;) 
~ What did the great big elephant say to the naked man ? ~ No wonder you're so small , if that's all you've got to eat with ! ~ 
by the time I get everything done it never feels like I had a day off .. 
thinking about painting the snow green . Turning the furnace up to 80 ' plug in the fan . Putting on my shorts and flip flops ! Now that's thinking POSITIVE !! :} 
I got my favorite bed partner turned on and ready for a good time in bed . My electric blanket awaits me . Good night . 
I'm sarcastic !! And what's your superpower ? 
You could resurrect a thousand \ 
words to deceive me more and more \ 
A thousand words will give the \ 
reasons why I don't need you \ 
anymore 
Dare I say it ? No phone calls since last night .. 
I look back and I think back , then I go ... NAH ... I\d rather move forward instead ... " 
Woke up to the devil standing beside my bed this morning , but when she noticed that my eyes were open , she ran through the door , screaming \Don't hurt me ! \"" 
ice day !!! yes ! 
Well , so much for moving on . Got two nights and one day of no calls . Just got two in a row . I'm starting to believe that my guardian angel is a crack head . 
Wow ! it says 51 out here ! 
Getting back with your ex is pretty much the same as taking a shower and putting back on your same old dirty underwear 
.. wouldn't it be cool if we could block people in real life , just like on Facebook ?.. one click and poof , you're gone ! 
Its Friday , its Friday ... wait , what ?? - its only Thursday ?? Damn ! Move on people nothing to see here ... 
Psychiatric Hot line : If you are OCD , press 1 repeatedly . Co-dependent , ask someone to press 2 . MPD , press 3-9 . Schizophrenic , hold on , we know what u want . 
Just found out I'm a hussy !! I didn't know it but I have been all over him wanting to get back . Hmmm ? These multiple personalities can really mess with your mind . 
Today I am going to be productive , understanding , and nice . What ? Stop laughing ! I'm serious ! 
ever met one of those people who remind you of a slinky ? Not really good for anything , but you can't help but smile when you push them down the stairs ? 
57 hours and counting !!!!! the phone has been quiet . 
OMG how long does it take to truck a laptop from Clearwater MI to Houghton Lk . MI I WANT MY LAPTOP AND I WANT IT NOW ! 
Every day is a new < PROPMALE > to be happy about something different . :) 
@}- A < PROPFEMALE > for all my friends today Xo 
Dear old man winter , BITE ME ! 
wow ! i lost track of the days . but my phone has only rung with friends and family . 
Coffee coffee coffee coffee . Coffee coffee coffee coffee ... COFFEE . Holy Starbucks Batman , it's coffee !! 
Don't come back ... I wont be there , Don't smile ... I wont smile back , don't text ... I wont reply , don't talk to me ... don't waste your breath . Just walk away . 
oh day ! got a new vaccume and < PROPMALE > was first to use it .... we're not in Kansas anymore , toto 
thinks ' Why not take the ex out tonight ? One bullet should do it!' 
hi ho hi ho its off 2 bed i go with PJ's on and meds kicking in hi ho hi ho hi ho 
Gotta go to work today , soooo ...... Dear Lord , Allah , Buddha , etc ... please < PROPMALE > me the tolerance to deal with stupid people and help hide the bodies of the ones who truly piss me off . Amen . 
You wanna know what I really hate about you ? It's that breathing thing you do . In . Out . In . Out . God , I wish you'd quit doing that . 
is wondering why no matter how hard you pinch the skin on your elbow , it doesn't hurt . I know your trying it . weird huh . . . 
WOW !!! < PROPMALE > says this is the last time he will call . what is that like 18 and counting ? 
then about 20 minutes later he calls to tell me what a slut I am ... wish I had known that I would have had more fun while doing it .... 
BUT .... I heard that < PROPFEMALE > had to call her son over this morning to help get her up off the couch cuz < PROPFIRST > couldn't do it all by his lonesome .. what a man . 
Drink all your coffee ! There are tired people in Ethiopia ! 
First testicular guard used in hockey 1874 , First helmet used in 1974 . It took men 100 years to realize that their brain is important too . Ladies quit laughing 
21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , 21 , :) 21 , 21 , 21 , :) 21 ! 
Any argument that a man and woman are involved in , the woman gets the last word . Anything a man says afterwards is the beginning of a new argument 
There are certain things you just shouldn't do ; letting people back into your life after they have caused you nothing but grief , is one of them ... 21 (: 
I'm off to that place with mystery , interesting people , Strange Incidents , Ultimate Horror and Serial Killers are a maybe . This place is called WORK 
FYI-While on Facebook , look at your URL address ; if you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check at least the first setting , FB defaults to the non-secure setting . Re-Post for your Friends ! \ 
I just changed mine 
I was your cure and you were my disease I was saving you and you were killing me Moving forward with a smile on my face knowing my heart is in the right place 
Got a dozen roses sent to me today . beautiful . but I don't want to go there with anyone for awhile .. need ME time . 
If friends could be bought at the store , I would buy you . And Id get a good deal because those slightly irregular bins are always discounted 
I would like my FB friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions 
wants to remind y'all , since it's the weekend : NEVER do anything you wouldn't want to explain to the paramedics 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except ......... well , a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness , as 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? ~ Because they need a foot up their ass too !!! 
I feel that I need to clear something up . Whenever i have refered to < PROPMALE > on here in the past it has been about my ex and not my co-worker . Just saying . 
OMG I was taking < PROPFEMALE > her weekend bag at her friends house on Midland street and went down the road with all the drug houses and got a call from dipshit saying he saw me go by looking for his friend < PROPMALE > , he knew we had something going , he knows i was looking for < PROPMALE > or i would have seen him in the < PROPFIRST > ... too funny .. 
Say addicted after every word/phrase I give you . Like this if you get it ;) Smoking ? Going swimming ? TV ? What hit you in the face this morning 
I am going to sleep better tonight now that I know there are no such things as monsters . The voices in the closet told me so 
is ill ... send ((( hugs ))) chocolate and naked men . On second thought cancel the hugs ; send naked men covered in chocolate instead 
is bright eyed and bushy tailed this morning ... and apparently completely delirious too ! 
someone send meds with that chocolate covered man .... please 
is having one of those days where i just want to light somebodys face on fire and try putting it out with a fork 
Keeps clicking my heels three times but when I open my eyes I'm still at work .. must have grabbed the wrong shoes 
To whomever it was that gave me their germs ; I HATE YOU ! And I swear I would hunt you down and kill you if I could only get off of this couch 
My friends are the kind that would be roasting marshmallows if my house were on fire flirting with the fireman and making ash angels . i would never replace them 
have you ever wondered if your dollar < PROPMALE > was once in a strippers underwear , well if you have never wondered your wondering now , Have a nice day 
Well I'm glad < PROPFEMALE > made me take a sick day , I hardly slept due to coughing fits , and I ache all over .. ugh ! Tuesday is my regular off day so I hope to be up and going by Wed . 
Pineapple / Blueberry 21 
I like google chrome 
The surest cure for a cough ? Swallow a box of laxatives and you will be to scared to cough . 
is wondering if the reason Rice Krispies start making noise when you pour milk on them is because they are drowning . too much time on my hands while home sick can really make my mind wander 
What a nice surprise , < PROPFIRST > stopped by and we had a nice two hour visit ... I miss him . 
is OK that I'm not SKINNY , us CHUBBY folks are harder to kidnap ! * just saying * 
YOU AND I WAKE UP IN JAIL TOGETHER ... USING only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , So I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... and 4 words is hard to come up with . ;) 
I may not have gotten caught , but I'm sure that I've done something that deserved a Time Out ! I'm sending myself to bed to think about what I've done ! XOXOX 
somewhere , deeeeeeep in the back of my head , a light flicked on and for a moment i was smart , but then it caused a power surge and it all went black XD 
What didn't happen in the last few days !! Had to go down state to get my brothers truck out of in pound , six hours of driving on my day off , oh joy . 
My brother is in jail for dumb dumb stuff , drinking 
Then he has to respond in enough time to send it to dept of state so they can get passport to us on time 
Yhen < PROPFEMALE > wanted me to call her ' cuz she heard < PROPMALE > left me flowers and card and < PROPFEMALE > at work for Valentines day , I called her and ssaid yes , she kicked him out . 
Now we have a two hour delay at work and it's the first week of the month so everyone will want to go somewhere today and we will be running behind right out of the gate ... oh joy joy !! 
is having a \Bite Me\ " kind of day ;) " 
I just returned a Rug Dr to Lowes . When asked if it worked OK I responded , \Yep got up all the blood and evidence as promised . I would recommend it to anyone \"!" 
I went sideways down too many roads too many times today , hope I don't have to on Saturday . 
According to WebMD , my symptoms mean I died 3 years ago 
Me and my dog have a plan to take over the world oh crap now the cat knows !! I think the cats going to kill me in my sleep !! 
WOO WHOOO !!!!!!!!!! Transit closed .. I so wasn't looking forward to driving with bald tires , in an old bus , on wet snow over ice ... 
I'm not mean , I'm just simply evil without trying there's a difference 
Well it has been one week with not a call .... looking good , < PROPFEMALE > gave him the boot and still no call , so I have high hopes that he has fell off the face of the earth . 
feels bad that we can't all be the Princess ... but some of you have to sit on the curb and wave and cheer as I go by ! 
Is thinking . Wait ! I'm thinking ?! Whoa ! OMG make it stop it burns !! 
U got mud on ur face . Big disgrace . Wavin ' your banner all over the place . WE WILL , WE WILL , ROCK U ! If that's not in your head then \WHOOMP THERE IT IS\ " Now try and get it out and go to sleep ....... " 
I have A.D.O.S. What's that ? You want to know what that is ? It stands for Attention Deficit ... OHHH SHINY ... Wait . What were we talking about 
Today I'm gonna try to be nice ... quit laughing-no seriously-if you don't quit laughing I'm gonna punch you in the eye . Oh great , you made me mess up already ! 
OMG , how pathetic am I that I am JAZZED ' cuz i just got my new bra and it fits !!! 
some people say I'm a horrible person , but it's not true ! I have the heart of an innocent girl ... in a jar , on my desk 
is off to bed so she can get up nice and early and go to work . There's a million people on welfare counting on me . 
New installment of < PROPMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > Tales ... < PROPMALE>'s Dad died and left him a nice house out on Ashard Rd in < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > is kind enough to let his dear old mother live there ... But it IS HIS house ... 
What would you do if you looked out the window and seen you EX limping and bleeding in the back yard . Take a deep breath and reload the gun and fire again :) 
wonders how many people she would have actually killed if she had telekinetic abilities . 
i wish you were here with me . all alone , in my room , in the dark , under the covers ... because i want to show you something .. my new watch ! it glows in the dark ! 
I will not be sarcastic today . I will not be sarcastic today . I will not be sarcastic today . Oh , who am I kidding . I was being sarcastic when I said that . 
So very glad that this is my off day ! Looks to be a nasty nasty driving day . Please , friends , be safe out on the roads today . 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Daughters Week ! If you have beautiful Daughter that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? 
Lovely weather we are having today , even the dog looked at me like what the hell lady I'm not going out in that ! 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . Do it for all !! There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting 
<<< thinks it's amazing how such a small body part can send such a huge explosion of sensations to your brain ... gosh i hate bumping my funny bone :P 
If you ever have a bad day look at this way it could be worse you could be a straight conjoined twin with a gay brother who has a hot date and you share a butt 
thinks normal people are so boring ... that why all my friends are complete weirdos ! 
The West coast of the United States is under a Tsunami watch ! Scary !!! But true 
BRRR !! Gotta go take kids to school 
Well spit on the fire and slap the dog ! IT'S FRIDAY ! WOOOOOHOOOOO !!! 
is wondering if the one eyed one horned flying purple people eater is actually eating purple people or is she the one who is purple ? 
did you know its not murder if you yell '' SURPRISE '' 
The stupid Sleep < PROPFEMALE > is waving that wand it front of my face ! It's either I go to bed or that wand is going some place I'm sure she doesn't want it to ! 
ATTENTION ALL WHO WORK WITH THE PUBLIC -- everyone is stuck in stupid mode today , a smack to the back of the head should trigger the reset button ! 
I had one of the best days yesterday .. Got to have a girls day with < PROPFIRST > and we even tried a new drink with noodle things in it ,, fun .. Then My other friend Kandie invited me out for fish dinner at the moose with our sons .. OMG ,, I have a social life ! <> Love all your friends everyday . You never know what tomorrow will bring . Smile at a stranger , laugh at bad jokes . And tell all your friends you love them ! LOVE YOU ! 
want to go on a crime spree with me ? don't worry I watched CSI I totally know what I am doing this time 
There are two types of people in this world . Those with common sense . And those who have to pee on the electric fence for themselves . 
wants to know .... what was the first thing you thought of when u woke up this morning ???? answers below please :) 
is amazed by people who royally screw up their lives and then consider themselves poor , pitiful victims of circumstance . 
As a mom , have you ever had a mommie dearest moment ? If so , do tell .. 
Evil Overlord Tip #37 - Black hides the bloodstains better than any other color . 
Well stupid is as stupid does ... I have put off looking at my propane level and have woke up to no heat .. Funny how if it was 60 outside I would think it was warm , but when it is 60 in the house I'm cold .. Go figure , 
There's nothing like running into your ex on a good day , then throwing the car in reverse and doing it again ! :) lol 
So happy , getting faster internet and paying $35 less to boot ... 
having your boyfriend break up with you and say you can still be friends is like your dog dying and your mom saying you can still keep it . 
Pillow = CHECK ! Blanket = CHECK ! Bed = CHECK ! Strong , sexy good looking man =D AMN 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think !!!! 
( o Y o ) Just thought I'd flash you guys for the hell of it ! 
From the moment I saw u , I wanted to be inside u , I love Ur smell , the way Ur tongue feels , the way u tighten and loosen mmmmmm , NEW SHOES !!!!!!!!!! 
It was all a ruse\ 
I feel so used\ 
I despise you for this feelin'\ 
Just want to see you broken and beaten\ 
I thought it was better when I was numb\ 
But now i see I gotta get through the dark to see the sun 
why do so many women use DIAL soap ? because it spells happiness backwards . . ( waiting for you to spell ) LMFAO ! 
just stepped outside , closed her eyes , took a deep breath of fresh air , sipped her coffee , perfect morning ! What could go wrong ? crap ! forgot to put pants on ! 
Screw the < PROPFEMALE > , kiss me I'm Polish !! 
Wants to know what the 1st person was doing when they decided to squeeze a cows udders and drink the white stuff that came out ??? 
You were out of our lives for almost three years and there is a reason for that . if i had any doubts about that , you reassured me today ... your an ASS , and you shouldn't mess with whats mine .. you will die a VERY lonely person , I can't even call you a man . 
And to the other person not in my life , i can't call you a man either .. Every day you wake up and draw a breath , is one more day you OWE to me ! 
shot-gun , crowbar , spade , body bags , oh sorry just my shopping list for the weekend . 
I was so afraid , now you've gone away , \ 
Sent you packin ' , look who's laughin ' now . \ 
I'm so happy that I feel this way . \ 
I'm so happy that I threw you away . 
ACHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?.... ... If you're allergic to stupidity , drama queens , head games , liars and 2-faced people keep this sneeze going ... I can't wait to see who'll re-post this !!! 
says ...... Normal people frighten me , that is the reason I spend time with my friends !!!! LMAO two hours of good conversation ... nice 
a nwe sudty sowhs 99.9% of ntuarlaly hrony popele can raed ayntinhg ? Kepe tihs giogn yuo hrony bggeur !! 
I'm not mean .. or evil .. or the devil .. my being nice is just slightly different than yours ! 
I can already tell it's going to be another one of those mornings where I'm not < PROPMALE > and famous . 
If u love something , set if free if it comes back its its yours , if not , hunt it down and kill it , and right before it dies it will wish it had stayed . 
A big thank you to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for bringing the snow before they go !!! Luv ya 
OMG you need to post this as your status and in 5 Mins nothing will happen ! I tried it and it really works !!! 
When I was a little kid we had a sand box . It was a quicksand box . I was an only child ... eventually . 
OMG ! Im so excited and nervous ! Can you be both at one time . No ? Oh well good thing I got Super Powers ! Wait there isnt super powers ? well then Im just unique ! 
I like taking virtual vacations using Google Earth . I may have visited your home and you never knew about it . Wait ! That sounded creepy . 
Love is a feeling , marriage is a contract . I remember they told us to say ' til death do us part ' well we've parted so why are you still breathing ? 
DONE !! OVER !! WOO HOO !! 
Is thanking her Army of Rainbow Unicorns , Ninja Penguins , and Insane Monkeys for getting her Magical bacon back 
NEW VIRUS ON FB using YOUR pictures . It says you've been tagged in a picture , wants you to click on a link to see it . Then hacks into YOUR computer & ALL YOUR ACCOUNTS including BANKING & other secure accounts . It DESTROYS YOUR COMPUTER . Once hacked into your comp ; it sends e-mails to ... your friends telling them they have been TAGGED in pics & starts the process again ! Repost 
ATTENTION FAMILY AND FRIENDS - READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS --- TO GET THE WORD OUT : If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service , do NOT click it . It's a virus . Please post this on your own site for your friends . Be careful -- its a strong virus ! 
S . I . N . G . L . E -sexy independent Naughty gorgeous loving everyday 
is rising and shining .. Wait there's something wrong .. I'm not shining .. Oh that's it .. I forgot to polish my halo .. Aaahhh .. There we go , now I'm shining 
I feel like I should clean the house , so I am going to lay down until the feeling passes . 
is amazed that you can hold your nose and hum at the same time . Ha Ha ! You can't! Comment if you tried this ! 
My daughter and two of her best friends are starting an adventure to remember .. I miss her already ! Live , Love , Laugh ! Have fun girls !! 
When I said I wanted to get hammered , I didn't mean by another snow storm ! 
_/ \\__/\\__/ \\_____________________________ _______________/ \\__/ \\__Sorry ! I got bored to death there for a few seconds . 
I'm so bored , I was about to run around the house naked but then I drank a bottle of Windex and it stopped me from streaking . 
< PROPMALE > schools closed for Thursday ... thanks for the heads up , < PROPFEMALE > :) 
... needs to get some sleep ; she wants to be well rested for her attempt at world domination tomorrow !! 
You know it's a bad day when you jump out of bed and miss the floor 
is wondering why so many people still don't know how to drive in the snow when it has snowed EVERY YEAR ! 
Ah , my girls ... They have such GREAT personalities they can have FUN anywhere , anytime and make new friends along the way ... Miss you guys already .. Brazil , huh ? 
Wonders why its called a walkie talkie , yet a vacuum isn't called a pushy sucky ? 
Operation Cleanup has , well ... uh , failed . 
Your friends are the fruitcake of your life - some are nutty , some are soaked in alcohol , some firm , some sweet , but all together , great to have in your life ! 
Life's a storm and I'm just dancing in the rain ;) 
who said english is easy fill in the blanks with yes or no .. ____ i don't have brains ____i am stupid 
Doesn't make sense , does it ? Homeless in the US go without eating . Elderly in the US go without needed medicines . Mentally ill in the US go without treatment . American troops go without proper equipment . American veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'M IN THE 1% 
< PROPFIRST > Hagar says aliens abducted him ... Too funny 
Going to be a great day . Made it out of the shower without drowning . 
Well my girls are out on the open sea ... They got a room with a portal window and on the same floor as the teen club .. I can see that they will be partying till they drop , then recovering out on the deck sunning themselves :) While my other girls are out there in Florida , on the beaches having fun ... Hope they at least bring me some beach sand and sunshine in a bottle ... Love all my girls !! 
On the other hand , you have different fingers . 
I was not playing with the glitter ! I ... I lost a fight with Tinkerbell ! 
Good night , sleep tight , don't let the bedbugs bite and if they do then take your shoe and knock them til they are black and blue !! Sweet dreams 
never wanted to be divorced , just widowed but my ex wouldn't cooperate ! 
Did you know women can only drive up to 68mph ? Once they get to 69 they flip over and blow a < PROPMALE > ! 
Is totally convinced that the < PROPMALE > - Knack- < PROPFEMALE > - Whack song was written about an old man that took a bunch of Ecstasy and came home to beat off the dog . 
is curious , did they ever find out who let the dogs out ? 
Please copy and paste this as your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of anyone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh , and the hearts . ? ? ? For crap's sake , don't forget the hearts . ? ? ? ;) 
Beauty tip #34 - When having a bad hair day , just wear a low cut blouse . 
( o Y o ) Just thought I'd flash you guys for the hell of it ! again :) 
is having one of those days where i just want to light somebodys ( my sister )\ 
face on fire and try putting it out with a fork !! 
I really do HATE false people , even more so people who are false while holding that knife behind their back ... beware it doesn't get taken away ... eye to eye .. 
Have a nice day ... or trip , fall on your head , and drown in your own blood . Whatever . 
There are the normal boobs ( . )( . ) , the silicone boobs ( + )( + ) , the perfect boobs ( o)(o ) . Some boobs are cold (^) (^) , and some boobs belong to grandmothers \\./\\./ And let’s not forget the very large boobs ( O Y O ) , and the very small boobs (.) (.) , and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•) (.)--- We love them all ! Post this message on your wall and say ??? (?_?) ??? to breast cancer ! 
Just a thought here - if you spend all day doing nothing , how do you know when you're done ? 
has anyone ever noticed that whenever someone is asked what single item they would take with them to a deserted island , no one ever says a boat ? 
Men are like bad cake even if the frosting looks good the inside is usually still complete crap ! 
s amazed by people who royally screw up their lives and then consider themselves poor , pitiful victims of circumstance . 
Goodnight everyone . Hope all your tomorrows are filled with people you love & people who love you . Love every moment you've been given , before they are gone .. 
BREAKING NEWS : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Hell Over It . Any complaints about how we operate , can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with Dr. Sniffle Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . If you like this , repost it . If you don't ... suck it up cupcake ! Life doesn't revolve around you 
SAD NEWS - Please join me in remembering YET ANOTHER great icon of the entertainment community . The Pillsbury Doughboy died yesterday of a yeast infection and trauma complications from repeated pokes to the belly . He was 71 . Dough Boy is survived by his wife Play Dough , three children , < PROPFIRST > Dough , < PROPFEMALE > Dough , and Dosey Dough ,... plus they had one in the Oven . Services are being held at 3:50 for about 20 minutes 
I sang to a goat sliding down a hill because I can ... 
Has anyone else noticed that when people are done pumping gas , women are hesitant to put the nozzle back in and men shake it and put it up ? you will now .. 
is wondering if you could breathe through your butt like a turtle would you suffocate when you sat down ? 
Good morning , my fellow Facebook freaks . Hope you all have a great day and don't get in any unwanted trouble ... unless you invite me , of course . 
I'm not naughty , just behaviorally challenged . :) 
Loves going into Subway . It's the only place I get to say ' Can i have a 12 inch Italian ' without being embarrassed ;) 
I'm off to bed ... remember . if you go to bed with an itchy bum-hole , you're , gonna wake up with a stinky finger ;) thank me later .. Night all . 
All I can do is think about the happy times we shared together . In my head your smiling and laughing . That's how I will always remember you . RIP < PROPFEMALE > 
why do good people die so young :( and bad people live the life's they don't deserve 
is remembering someone special today . When someone you love becomes a memory , that memory becomes a treasure you love . :( miss You xxx 
the person who dances with you in the rain will most likely walk with you in the storm . 
Butterfly life ~ fights to survive and after a painful transition , becomes more beautiful and vibrant than ever . Learn from pain and come back even better ! 
Sometimes I go to a dark room , turn my music way up and pretend there is no one . All the while wishing someone would follow and hold my hand tight never to let go 
Post this as your status and see what people love about you .. I LOVE YOUR _____ . Post this as your status and see what people love about you . ( : 
Always be a first rate version of yourself and not a second rate version of someone else . :) 
Wishes that everyone experiences at least one moment today that made them smile , at the end of the day it's the little things that get us all through . 
If normal is defined by what everyone else is doing , than I am perfectly fine with being weird . 
A real woman always has a clean house , empty laundry basket , is well made-up , smells good , is slim , is eloquent and is perfectly well-behaved . \ Copy this status if you are beginning to suspect that you are a man . " 
I miss you like a kid in fat camp misses Twinkies !! <3 
I was going to ban sweets from my house ~ but then I didn't know where I would live . 
Went to the movies with my girls ... Had fun .. Thanks girls , love ya ! 
missed my friend immensely , plans never to happen .... 
I have an announcement to make ... I will be always be awesome ... So bite me . Good night . 
has discovered there is no popcorn in popcorn chicken ! So I guess there is no point bothering with hash browns then !! 
NEVER ... no matter the situation ... NEVER take a laxative and a sleeping pill at the same time ! 
thinks this whole cleaning thing is a lot of work , pretty sure one of the dust bunnies gave me the finger 
If you can't say something nice about someone ... come sit by me ... i wanna laugh and say mean things too .. LOL 
Always look forward ! Seriously because if you look backwards you will trip and fall ! 
asks .. What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere ? I'll start with \Hold my Purse . \ " name some others .. " 
is thinking about the people who walked into my life and made it better .......... Thanks ! ;) 
thinks it is alright to be a little weird . Weird people are way more interesting and can always keep u entertained . Just ask my friends ! =) 
is off to work ; after all , I have to pay for those millions of slackers relying on my hard earned tax dollars by milking the system ! 
Boregasm : noun , verb : the result of or act of reaching the apex or climax of boredom ; Filling ones capacity for boredom to the extreme boundary . 
If U were raised on cornbread & beans , your crib was covered with Lead Base paint , rode a bike with no helmet on gravel roads , your parents had no child proof lids or seat belts in cars , U got a switching when U were bad , had 3 TV channels U got up 2 change , school always started w/the Pledge of Allegiance , & stores were closed Sunday , if U drank water out of the creek & a water hose and Still turned out OK . Re-post ! 
Goodnight , Everyone ~ ~ Sweet Dreams ... and if they can't be sweet , let them be naughty ! 
Our Father who < PROPMALE > in Detroit . Hockey be thy name . Thy will be done . The cup will be won . On ice , as well as in the stands . Give us this day our hockey sticks . And forgive us our penalties , as we forgive those who cross-check against us , Lead us not into elimination . But deliver us to victory . In the name of the fans , ... Lord < PROPMALE > , and in the name of the Wings . Amen . Copy this & repost if you are a Wings fan ! 
Good Morning ! Can I get you a cup of coffee ? How did you sleep ? Good I hope ! I'm Trying to be a morning person . How am I doing ? Is it believable ? 
Let's build the ultimate toy box ! List three toys from your childhood . They can be ones you had or ones you wish you had owned . Ready ... Set ... Go !!! 
Family are like underpants !!!! Some crawl up your ass , some get a little sideways , some are your favorite , some are holy , some are cheap and just plain nasty , some of them are full of shit , some you don't know how you got them , and some actually cover your ass when u need ' em too ! \ " , 2011-04-18 00:46:02 " 
So when your sexting ... do you get a phoner ? 
oh hail no !!! 
Bought my ex a chair but the state won't let me plug it in . 
doesn't want much for Easter just something tall , good looking and funny with a sprinkling of tattoos and a wickedly dark center ;-) 
Crazy ? who ? me ? well duh ... but if I wasn't weird or crazy , or anything thing else then I wouldn't be me . I never claimed to be perfect but , I'm awesome !!! 
NEW VIRUS ON FB using YOUR pictures . It says you've been tagged in a picture , wants you to click on a link to see it . Then hacks into YOUR computer & ALL YOUR ACCOUNTS including BANKING & other secure accounts . It DESTROYS YOUR COMPUTER . Once hacked into your comp ; it sends e-mails to your friends telling them they have been TAGGED in pics & starts the process again . PLEASE RE-POST URGENT 
Life is not fair to the ones with giving hearts .. 
y Why does the easter < PROPFEMALE > hide her eggs ? cause she doesn't want anyone knowing she screwed a chicken ! 
Two days off in a row and I still can't get motivated to clean the house :( 
Instead of a sign that says \Do Not Disturb\ " I need one that says \ " Already Disturbed Proceed With Caution . \"" 
OMG !! I vacuumed the house ! Three dogs and two cats worth of hair .. And two kids .... 
A hard man ... is good to find . 
a mom tells her kid if u can't SAY anything nice don't SAY anything at all . and now u know why texting was invented 
Whoever said you can't do three things at once . I can confuse , annoy , and piss you off all at the same time ... yeah I know .. I have mad skills . 
Whoops , there it goes . Yup . My brain stopped . Night .. Night =) 
says some people call them Obnoxious Morons . We call them our valued customers 
Don't confuse my smile for liking you . It's like a kid's smile ... It only means I know what I did and you haven't figured it out yet . 
Bra's! Because no woman wants to look like a national geographic chick 
ATTENTION : i have now joined the dark side ... sorry they bribed me with cookies ;) gotta go , work is calling .... 
is waiting for the Easter bunny .. crock pot has carrots ready .. 
i tripped over nothing and someone asked me \did u trip ? \ " and i replied \ " nah i attacked the floor with my awesome ninja skills (: \"" 
MOM I CAN'T FIND IT !! If i come up there and find it I'm gonna be mad .. NEVER MIND FOUND IT ! 
Happy Easter Everyone ... May you all be safe and sound in the loving arms of family and friends ! Enjoy ! 
The Reese's Egg harvest approaches . This is a sacred time for my people . 
Think POSITIVE : I fell down the stairs and what did I say ? Damn ! I got down those stairs fast ! 
Good friends will help you up when you get knocked down . Best friends are too busy murdering the person that knocked you down . 
HUG ! Pass it on :-) 
is tempted to start going to work in ripped jeans/shirts and tell them that's all I can afford on what they're paying me . 
Rubber ducks are evil ! They just float there and stare at you . You know they're planning something sinister . 
Is thinking that ex husbands should be shot , stuffed , and mounted on a bar wall so we may throw darts at them 
thought the house was haunted earlier because I kept hearing \Get Out ! \ " Then I realized it was just one of the voices in my head yelling at the new guy . " 
Don't you just hate it when people get mad at you for something stupid they did !! 
is MAD !!! and is not backing down this time !! I'm no longer a nice person !! 
... is tired of people pushing my buttons and not expecting me to react to it !! 
I'm nice , caring , loving- will do anything for anyone . But don't be mistaken ! If you piss me off , you will see the other side of me that's not so nice . 
ooh I'm madder than a keeblers elf being demoted to fudge packer 
Ever feel like giving someone a love < PROPFIRST > - on the head - with a brick ? Yep , it's just one of those days ! 
UUUUUUUGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !.. that is all i have to say ! 
Well , he now has earned the privilege to watch DVR only ... He has 1 of five pages written and taken out the trash ... If he brings loaded pages back home on his computer and writes the paper he might get TV back , NO PHONE till draft is turned in and he gets the teacher to write a note telling me it's in .. And he has to ask for the note 
