rockin ' my new guitar ! 

they call my addiction shredaholism 
goin ' 2 be up all night , partying ' till i see da sunlight 
i've come up with a new way that people can lose in the UFC , technical douche-bagary , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > will never win again ! :D 
hey ppl i'm in need of help , i'm going 2 learn a theme song 2 a song , which 1 do you ppl think i should do , i'm thinking bout the original power rangers song :) 
It's not easy being cheesy 
I sit , in my desolate room , no lights , no music , Just anger 
writing new song , hopefully it'll be good 
Can't wait ' till it's warm enough 2 play paintball ! 
< PROPMALE > out wit < PROPFEMALE > Bothel , had alot of fun 
apparently i took 2 tests and 1 said i was a true pussy and 1 said i was a true badass ?????? wtf 
don't you just hate it when you think you know some1 and they end up being a 2-faced asshole ? 
i love < PROPFEMALE > but idk how she feels anymore ... 
cut my hair short for her then she broke up with me , isn't that fucked up ? i loved my long hair even if no1 else did , now it's all gone ... 
bored as hell .... sundays suck 
i think i fucked up my chances of getting back with her and i didn't even mean it 
just got out of the shower , i turned my ipod on , first song was Fireflies by Owl City , turned the hot water all the way on and just sat and cried until it was freezing cold , by the time i got out Mama I'm Coming Home by Ozzy was playing , i said some stupid things in my life but this probably takes the cake , and the best part is that no1 will read this and those who do won't care , it makes me laugh sometimes 
some ppl are so fucked up that they don't even understand what they're doing 2 ppl 
bored , who wants 2 < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
learning how 2 scream sing , not the best at it yet but it'll come with time 
Sitting in the dark i can't forget . Even now i realize the time i'll never get . Another story of the bitter pills of fate , i can't go back again , i can't go back again . But you asked me to love you and i did , trading my emotions for a contract to commit , and when i got away i only got so far , the other me is dead , i hear his voice inside my head ! And we were never alive , and we won't be born again . 
when is life supposed 2 get good ? 
new amp is amazing , play it fer 4 hours already ! 
been playing spheres of madness all day , left hand fingers hurt , right arm sore , worth it tho 
been playing Spheres of Madness all day , left hand fingers hurt so bad , right arm completely dead from speed of light strumming 
i watched you walk away , but still i hunger for you ! This is my curse ! 
boredom is a snore which i cannot ingore for it is but a door 2 that which can be so much more 
twilight breaks along the horizon that is life , here is my stand , this is where it all starts 
i'm your trust telling lies , i'm your reasoned alibies , i'm inside open your eyes ! I'm you ! SAD BUT TRUE !! 
i'm your truth telling lies , i'm your reasoned alibies , i'm inside open your eyes ! I'm you ! SAD BUT TRUE !! 
imma G.I. < PROPFIRST > ! 
have ya ever seen that movie She's Just Not That Into You ? 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio 
Brought to you by Koby brand condoms , the protection you want for the sex she doesn't 
wow , i officially hate the band The Darkness , that high pitched &%$ #er ! 
another prison system ... 
your own unwillingness to change is the venom that will end up killing you . 
Du Host 
bored , sundays suck 
Amo la lingua dei miei antenati 
Warum ist Liebe fickle , um die meisten Frauen ? 
meine Haare wünschen würde wieder schneller wachsen ! 
Disconnected , apathetic , it's so pathetic to be this frantic ! 
mastered Spheres , next in line is the Legend of the Rent is Way Hardcore by Here Comes the Kraken 
the world is burning around us and no1 even notices it 
Mein Leben ist wertlos 
< PROPFIRST > WON ON AMERICAN IDOL !!!!! 
great weekend :) 
... more than words is all you have to do to make it real ... 
some people just make me wanna just go do something i'll regret 
destruction of all that was is eminant 
imma boredeo 
ever had a morning where you wake up and the only thing you want 2 do is go back 2 sleep ? hate them ... 
you ever have 1 of those days where you just throw your arms up look into the sky and say , \really ? \"" 
She's my < PROPFEMALE > pie\ 
Cool drink of water such a sweet surprise\ 
Taste so good make a grown man cry\ 
Sweet < PROPFEMALE > pie , yeah 
Spurt of genius , need 2 talk it over with < PROPMALE > and maybe a few others first tho 
long and weary my road has been , i was lost in the cities , alone in the hills , no sorrow or pity , for leaving i feel , i am not your rolling wheels , i am the highway 
horrible day , if ya care message me 
can you take me higher ? 
I wanna be a billionaire so freaking bad 
tired but can't sleep , can't stop thinking about someone :) 
bored , need some1 to talk 2 , hit me up fool 
what song should i learn next ? \ 
1 ) Six by All That Remains\ 
2 ) Scream by Avenged Sevenfold\ 
3 ) Scream Aim Fire by Bullet for My < PROPFIRST > \ 
4 ) Waking the Demon by Bullet for My < PROPFIRST > 
i don't wanna go back 2 school , getting Halo Reach edition Xbox 360 next month 
They say that we ain't got thestyle , we ain't got the class , we ain't got the tunes that's gonna put us on the map , and i'm a phony in disguise tryin ' to make the radio , i'm an anti-social antichrist that sounds like so and so 
paintball saturday , can't wait 
Top 5 most played songs on my personal itunes ... \ 
1 . In One Ear- Cage the Elephant-50 plays\ 
2 . Your Betrayal- Bullet for My Valentine-38 plays\ 
3 . Ain't no Rest for the Wicked- Cage the Elephant-38 plays\ 
4 . Six- All That Remains-33 plays\ 
5 . Back Against the Wall- Cage the Elephant-33 plays\ 
Almost time to reset the plays again 
SUGAR !!!! I'M NOT BETTER ALL THE TIME ! 
car show = fun 
i'm going to need a easy button to get through this school year .... 
I can ride my bike with no handlebars .... no handlebars .... no handlebars .... 
got my school schedule today , pretty happy with my classes , might try 2 switch it up some tho 
OH ... MY .... BAHGOD ! 
' g 
why did they call it chop suey ? 
GOD DAMMNIT LOCHNESS MONSTER !!!! 
Things happen but we don't really know why ... 
i can ride my bike with no handlebars , no handlebars , no handlebars ... 
don't you hate it when \friends\ " bail on you ? " 
Don't be such a laydown < PROPFIRST > ! 
You want it all but you can't have it 
they think they know my thoughts but they don't know the least , if they listened to my words they'd find the message that's beneath but it goes in one ear and right out the other 
i'm the Rhymenocerus ! 
turtle pie is amazing ! 
Jump start needs to have some metal on it ... 
go to account , then account settings , then language , then find English ( Pirate ) . it's awesome ! 
i just love when plans get cancelled ... 
what kind of guitar should i get now ? 
listening 2 a live version of Gotten < PROPFIRST > by < PROPFIRST > Levine and played by Slash , anyone know who it's actually by ? 
Hey yo Sunneo imma knock yo block off ! 
surgery today sucked , but i had a pretty good conversation with the doctor while he was cutting my mouth up 
Tosh . 0 was pretty funny last night , new segment might get them cancelled tho ... lol 
LOUD OPINIONATED YELLING !!! 
any1 have jango ? :D 
any1 that plays paintball message me , comment this , or like this 
NO SCHOOL ! 
I'll be back .... WITH TAXES !!! 
no school again 2day ! awesome 
no school 2marra already ! 
possible ligament damage 
Tropic Thunder may be the best movie ever when it comes 2 funny sayings 
cut ALL my hair off basically 
Sick of it by Evans Blue , great song 4 right now 
best part of living by the lake is deffinately getting cancelled for flooding 
finally fixed computer 
so i got my new laptop ! 
Is that you < PROPFIRST > Wanye ? \ 
... Is this me ? 
like a boss ! 
Wake you up in the middle of the night to say , i will never walk away again , I'm never gonna leave this bed ... good song 
can't wait until May ! 
weekend was kinda crappy 
