Can't wait til my hubby is home from work 

gettin ready to go to bed , been a long day , enjoyed it with my hubby 
wishin it would warm up , hate the cold weather ... 
Been sick for the last week with 3 different viruses .... wishing I would get better sometime soon ... 
I am finally feeling better .... Now I am taking care of my hubby cause he isn't feeling good ... 
I have the most wonderful husband in the world ... I love him more than he realizes .... he is my best friend ... 
My son made the A-B Honor Roll again , I am so proud of him ... 
Got a B on my Social Studies test , I am so proud of myself cause I am not very good at test taking , made my hubby proud of me too . Can't believe it snowed here today to , Texas needs to warm back up ... 
Can't wait til I go to Indiana to see my daughter and my family , I will be there for about 3 weeks . Kinda scared to fly though , but gonna tough it out .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone 
A relaxed mind , a peaceful soul , a joyful spirit , a healthy body & heart full of love and more blessings . All these are my wishes for all of us . Happy new year 
says there are Angels among us , sometimes they show up when you least expect it . 
has got a feeling 2011 is going to be a happier year for me !! ;~) ?? 
Love comes from a pure heart and a good conscience and a sincere faith . \ 
1 < PROPFIRST > 1:5 
Leaving for Indiana next weekend , I am ready , gonna be there for a month , not ready for the snow though 
4 more days and I am off to Terre Haute , In to see my family . I am just not ready for the cold weather and snow 
Back in Texas where its warm 
Enjoying this beautiful warm weather we are having down here in Texas 
Its snowing , what in the world , I hate the snow 
I am enjoying my life and the warm weather we are having 
Happy Easter Everyone 
If it wasn't for family I wouldn't know what to do 
Loving the warm beautiful weather and loving life 
Can't wait until summer , get to see my baby girl 
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers on here 
I made it to Indiana safely at 2:30 this morning , very tiring but I am here , been job hunting 
Had a good weekend with my daughter < PROPFEMALE > , enjoying time with my sister 
went and played some basketball today , had fun but way to hot outside 
its been a awesome night with my lil sister , im enjoyin my time with her , I love you sis 
Tired of having my heart played with , I dont know what to do 
Im clumsy , shy , if u make me mad im nt scared to tell u ... u hurt me i wont tell u but u better make damn sure ur ready to take on the people i do tell . 
inst it funny how the only person who you want to hug and make the pain go away is the one who caused the pain ! 
Not feelin so good today , ugh , hopefully I feel better soon 
I ain't got designer clothes , perfect hair or the best make up but at least I'm not afraid to show the world who i really am ,. Original :) 
I need all the prayers I can get for my daughter < PROPFEMALE>'s father , < PROPFIRST > we will always be by your side , Im gonna keep praying cause < PROPFEMALE > loves you and needs you 
says WARNING I'm in one of them moods were every little thing is just getting to me :( 
Always follow your heart because when you don't know or you are confused , your heart will always lead you in the right direction <3 
life doesn't give u the people u want , it gives u the people you need : to love u , to hate u , to make u , to break u & to make u the person u were meant to be 
Every once in a while in our life , we meet someone whom we never thought would affect us in a special way even if they've been around just for a short while . 
Hope everyone has a wonderful 4th of July 
To truly know Love .. You have to truly Love . To totally be in Love you have to totally set yourself free ! 
seriously cannot believe how damn rude and inconsiderate some people are . It's unbelievable , the complete disregard for others feelings and hard work . Wow . 
No matter Wat people tell you , there is always someone who wants u more than the person who has you , don't settle for less than you deserve 
wishes he were here , but understands he can't be . She wants to feel his arms around her holding her close and tight . 
Love Will Find away ... One way or another ... As long as you love each other then it will find a way to work ! <3 
Love is looking past someones faults and finding beauty in their imperfections ... 
I tear my heart open . I sew myself shut . My weakness is , that I care to much . And our scars remind us , that the past is real . I tear my heart open , just to feel 
its when you stop looking or stop trying that someone or something comes along that at last your life starts falling into place 
Life like a dance you learn as you go , sometimes you lead sometimes you follow , don't worry bout what you don't know , life's a dance you learn as you go ;D 
~ Once in a lifetime , you'll find someone Heaven sent for you . For a lifetime , you'll feel there's a reason to believe in a love that's meant to be . 
is thinking ... distance isn't a punishment .. it's a test to see how far love can travel <3 
I wanna be the girl you talk about , the 1 you don't wanna live without , the one who makes you heartbeat go crazy , for you to say to your boys \that's my baby \"" 
To love someone is nothing , to be loved by someone is Something , but to be loved by someone you love is EVERYTHING ! 
im jealous of the angels they may have you , but you will never leave my heart . if i could fight heaven and hell to bring you back i would . i miss you every day 
There's no such thing as perfect people or perfect life . So come as you are , broken and scarred . Be who you are . 
The worth of a person is not in what they own or how much they make , yet in how much they give without need for anything in return . 
You do not come to love by finding the perfect person , you come to love by seeing an imperfect person perfectly ! 
Loves the most amazing guy in the whole world <3 
there's 1000 ways to show my love for you , But there's only one way to say it , I LOVE YOU ! I want to be with you and only you , You are my world baby <3 
i get butterflies n my stomach just thinking of u ,, u take my breath away with your smile ,, but to hear you say you love me .. now that's just perfect :) love you 
i dont understand anymore 
going through this alone is hard .. all i wanted was u .. and to be happy with u .. now i am alone and hurting more than Ive ever hurt before !! i still love u </3 
believes that no matter how hard life can get you have to trust in God to lead you in the right direction . 
If you can't be there for someone at their worst then you don't deserve to be there at their best :) 
Love me without fear . Trust me without wondering . Be there without restrictions . Accept me how I am . A love like that will be eternal . * 
\True love is sacrifice . Love is thinking about others before you think about yourself Love is selfless not selfish . \"" 
is thinking life would be easier if people said what they meant , meant what they said , and took chances . It's no better to be safe than sorry . Risk can = reward 
Sometimes it takes more strength to let go , then to keep holding on . 
says when life hands you lemons , make lemonade , pee in it and serve it to the people that piss you off 
Enjoy life's ride ... yes it has a lot of ups and downs , and no one said that it wasn't going to be hard ... but they did say that it would be worth it . 
True love does not mean you wont break up or separate , true love means you will always find a way to get back to each other . 
\Every person in your life is a gift no matter how bad some may have hurt you . They just bestowed more wisdom to you with the pain they gave . \"" 
says it is really amazing when 2 strangers become the best of friends , but it is really sad when the friends become 2 strangers 
Friendship isn't about how long you've known someone , its about who came into your life and never left your side :) 
is deciding who and what is worthy of keeping in my life . It's come time for a change , a new direction , a new beginning perhaps . 
The most precious gift i have ever given was life to my kids and the most precious gift i have ever received in my life time is my kids . 
Better to be alone then to be with someone who doesn't deserve you . 
If you love them tell them becausehearts are often broken by words left unspoken . 
Anyone can make u smile , anyone can make u cry , but it takes a special person to make u smile , with tears in your eyes . 
i had a good night with my sister and friends , love ya'll 
I miss my friend , the one my heart and soul confided in , the one I felt the safest with , the one who knew just what to say to make me laugh again 
you can only push someone away for so long , til they walk out of your life , so make sure that's what you want , cuz when they leave , there's no turning back ! 
Love with your heart and not your eye's because even when your eye's can't see the one you love your heart always will . <3 
Rare is the man that knows that the < PROPFEMALE > is more beautiful with the thorns still on it . 
i am feelin really bad , has anyone ever had appendicitis ? 
I am off to bed finally , I hope everyone enjoys their Sunday 
I'm the kinda girl who loves my friends just the way they are . don't change for anybody :) xx 
Getting to know someone isn't about what they look like , what they wear or how popular they are . It's all about who they are as a person . 
Be true to yourself and your convictions ; for the journey of a thousand < PROPMALE > always began with a choice to make that single step you just have to take it 
To know me is to meet me .. to like me is to know me ... to understand me is to be my friend .. and to accept me is to be forever in my life . 
It takes time for some people to show their true colors , they tell you things you want to hear , show you things you want to see , but the truth will come out one day 
Is Happy because of someone (: <3 
.. When two people are meant for each other , no time is too long , no distance is too far , and no one can ever tear them apart 
Things are gettin so much better for me , special thanks to a certain someone 
I love how no matter what's going on or how I feel , talking to you just makes my day AMAZING (: you know who you are (: 
when the < PROPFEMALE > is out and the stars are shining ... just remember no matter where i am or were you are , you`re the only person on my mind and i love you so much .. 
you know u love someone when you wake up and think of them , when your sad and they cheer you up just by saying hi , when they tell you they will always love you ! 
Today is just an amazing day , it cant get much better 
You know when your in love ... When u go 2 bed thinking of that someone and wake up thinking of them to x 
says women are like phones we loved to be held and talked to but if you talk to us the wrong way you will be disconnected 
A phenomenal woman is not necessarily the prettiest or the one with the model body , but the one with the confidence . 
Love me without fear . Trust me without questioning . Need me without demanding . Want me without restrictions . Accept me without change . Love me for who I am . 
just got home from Union ER , had to get treated for smoke inhalation from the fire at Sin City Saloon 
dance with God because God will let the perfect guy cut in 
to who < PROPFEMALE > is running their mouth about me to my dad , better back the hell off 
is sick of people sticking their noses in her life and wishes they would get over themselves and get a freaking life of their own . 
i have the best sister in the world , te amo mucho el fuego n mi corazone 
If you don't stand for something , you will fall for anything . So stand up for what you believe in ! Its worth it ! 
feels blessed to have the friends/family I have right now . Te Amo Mucho El Fuego N Mi Corazone , if you don't know what that means just ask me 
Piensa que es triste cuando otros tratar de hacer quedar mal a alguien para verse bien . 
I'm pretty much down to Earth but mess with my family and you will feel the Earth come down on you . 
isn't rebellious , I just don't like doing what I'm told . 
I'm not perfect .. who is .. we all have flaws .. this does not make us bad people .. who goes through life without making mistakes and regrets . 
time to relax and trying to stay warm , to damn cold outside 
is fixin ' to go on a genuine , one-of-a-kind , real-life , redneck woman warpath ... 
Real love is a person who sticks with you till the end no matter how many trials they have to endure ! 
Yeah , life's a mess sometimes . You must always know that God has sent down certain angels in your life to help you clean it up ? 
I am perfectly imperfect , beautifully flawed yet oddly blessed & just like all other women I am extraordinary & unique .. a miracle of divine contradictions 
Life's Hard but you always gotta keep your head up , keep going , stay strong , and when life gets tough , you always have people who love you to keep you going . 
Going to the Fire Prevention Parade tonight , should be fun , havent been in 5 years 
thinks that maturity doesn't necessarily come with age . It comes from experience and learning from mistakes made in the past whether they be your own or others ! 
I'm not girlie , I'm not prissy , I'm not all huggy kissy . I love mud & I love dirt , I don't cry when I get hurt ... That's right I'm a redneck loud and proud 
If you're happy and you know , Thank Your EX ! :P 
Women ARE the most loving creatures on earth , BUT don't be fooled because when given reason we can and will scare the hell outta anyone who messes with us ! 
.. ' Thnx 2 those who luvd me , u showed me u care . Thnx 2 those who h8ed me , u made me stronger . Thnx 2 those who r in my life , u make my life worthwhile ' 
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else , because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate . 
my world summed up by the Wizard Of Oz ,, sum men have no heart ,, sum have no ball's ,, n sum have no brains ,, 
is tired of boys ! They think they can use you and cheat on you , then they come back with I'm sorry baby , and think they automatically get us back . 
The only guy you will ever need in your life is your dad , hes the only one who cant hurt you and will love you no matter what .. Love You Daddy ! <3 
beauty is not about looks , make-up or clothes true beauty comes from being yourself , the more you show who you really are the prettier you will be , xxx 
is at work with only 4 hours sleep 
~ you just can't fix stupid ... trust me , just look at my ex ~ 
I am strong because I know my weaknesses . I'm alive because I'm a fighter . I am wise because I've been foolish . I laugh because I've known sadness . 
Had a good day at work , now I am home relaxing 
Exes are exes for a reason , dont think you're gonna try and walk back in my life and act like everything is ok , im better off without you , im happy with where im at and who i am 
Love is the passion of the heart and the strength of the Spirit , when you are down to nothing ; God is up to something . 
Not only do REAL women watch football , they cuss the HELL out of the players and refs !!! 
If you like where you are , don't regret where you've been . Because you wouldn't be where you are today without being where you've been . 
Never judge a book by it's cover . It's the content that matters . Read and understand it , and estimate it's worth , with your own judgment . 
~ be a bLESSiNG to someone today .. you never know when that someone will be a bLESSiNG to you ~ 
what goes around comes around and when it does its gonna hurt really bad 
says don't expect perfection in a relationship ... its the imperfections on which you build upon to create a stronger foundation 
A sister is someone who will give a shoulder to cry on an alibi when you need it 
I love the ones who are in my life and make it amazing . I also love the ones who left my life and made it fantastic . 
Blood doesn't = family . Love = family . 
People shouldn't judge other people when they have flaws of their own 
I don't have a bad attitude ... I have a strong character . 
People think I'm crazy , but they don't know crazy till they meet my sister ! lol :) 
To the world you may be one person , but to one person you may be the world 
she's been there for me when i laugh when there been rough times when i'm mad when i'm happy when sad when I'm crazy i call her my best friend 
Dear God , Thank you for giving me my inner strength to be able to handle so much . When I am lost , you come & find me , you comfort me & reassure me w/ your love 
I wonder why God has put certain people in my life , is it to show my weakness or my strength ? 
all that I'm after is a life full of laughter , as long a I'm laughing with you . All that still matters is love ever after . After the life we've been thru . 
Walk away from those that don't care about you , and hold tight to those that truly do . It's those that may change your life if you let them . * 
It's mommy's week ! Repost this with the date that you first became a mommy !! April 22 , 1997 ... Bryan < PROPFIRST > Patton .... 7lbs 3ozs 21 1/2 long 
im at work ., i didnt want to get out of bed , to damn cold outside 
I am home and i am gonna try and enjoy the rest of my day 
God puts people in your life for reasons . Some to learn lessons from , others to help you along your way , & others to make you realize how strong you really are 
im awake ., another day at work and then im gonna enjoy my day afterwards , have a great day everyone 
Is a very strong independent women ! When the going gets tuff I don't turn and run , Ill face you with my feet grounded and strong . 
If some one asks u with whom u want to spend your entire life , u should simply say \Someone who can understand that i am not perfect \"" 
I Love 2 Smile & Hate to Cry .. I Speak my mind & Never follow behind .. I Love Deep & Speak Truthfully ... this is Me , and I'm Proud of Who I Am ! 
Real Love is not based on romance , candle light dinner and walks along the beach . \ 
In fact is based on respect , compromise , care and trust 
i dont have EX's , i have Y's ... Y the hell did i do that ?!? 
a sister is some one who loves you no matter what a sister is someone to turn to when you have no one a sister is some one who understands and loves you xx xx 
-be a best friend , tell the truth and overuse I love you ... and love like crazy <3 
I am Ambitious , tough , vicious , rough , demanding and darn proud of it ! I am in charge of myself and no one can take that from me . 
you have to have a bad day every once in a while ... otherwise you'll never know what a good day feels like :) 
I know life can be really hard sometimes , but I believe there are angels among us <3 
the people who try to stay in your life are the ones who actually care about u more then the people who came and went and never looked back 
life isn't about finding yourself , it's about creating yourself . love those those that are still in your life and forget about the ones that left your life 
Amazing friends and a great family all any girl really needs 
it doesn't matter how hard you can hit . it matters how hard you can get hit , get back up and keep fighting 
At what point is enough , enough ? 
i had a wonderful drive to work , about lost control of my truck cause of the weather 
I am finally home , just glad the rain stopped and i wish the wind would too 
People that judge don't matter , & people that matter don't judge :o ) !! 
To succeed in life , you have to know what you're doing , love what you're doing , and believe in what you're doing . Follow these rules , and you'll always make it . 
Some people come into your life you know right away that they are meant to be there ; they serve some purpose , teach you a lesson , help figure out who you are . 
is anyone else having problems with facebook ? my chat box isn't showing up and its not showing if anyone is online 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? •*Put this as your status if you have the most BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTERin the world !!!? • *¨* • . ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* ? (Hannah < PROPFEMALE > Cheyanne Brewer , I LOVE YOU TO THE < PROPFEMALE > AND BACK !!!!! ) 
had a good night , went to steak n shake with my sister and niece , food was good , my first time going there , it was great to have a girls night 
never piss off a witch , when you don't know what we are capable of . ;) 
... Needs a night out , drinking , having fun , with nothing to worry about . 
Shadow Aslyum and Shattered Nightmares was awesome , had a blast , my daughter loved them 
good morning everyone , hope ya'll have a great day 
Job Interview at 230 , hope it goes well 
today is a very good day 
says : No matter how tough , strong , or independent a girl might appear , there is always a part of her that wants to be loved and accepted by another ( or others ) . 
Never condemn someone for wrongs or mistakes they have made , when you yourself needs to look in the mirror , people can change .... 
Love is a feeling that you can't describe how much you miss someone , how much you need someone in your life . <3 
time for bed , goin to church in the morning 
God will never allow more than you can handle or overcome to be placed on your shoulders . God won't set you up for failure , but will allow you to be tested . 
you can't help who you fall in love with .. it doesn't matter if .. time , distance , age .. if it's meant to be , it will be ! 
Happy Veterans Day to all our Veterans including my Father , I love you dad 
Hates it when someone does something nice for you just to make themselves look better & so they can throw it back in your face in the future . 
Back to work in the morning and then off for the weekend , gotta get my truck worked on , I am glad for the friends I have 
I have church in the morning , gotta love it , then monday is gonna be a very busy day for me 
well i am calling it a night , 7 am comes quick and i dont want to be falling asleep in church 
apologize when you should let go of what you cant change , love what you got , always remember what you had always forgive but never forget people change 
LOVE , COURAGE , TRUTH .. don't be afraid to LOVE yourself , have the COURAGE to live your life your way , and never be afraid to speak the TRUTH . 
hell is gonna break loose once i get off work later on 
I dont understand why people have to steal off of others , thats what a damn job is for , get it your damn self , dont steal 
I had a couple drinks tonight , boy did I need them 
\Every person in your life is a gift no matter how bad some may have hurt you . They just bestowed more wisdom to you with the pain they gave . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Hurst " 
Well I am gonna call it a night , I am off to dream land , gotta work in the morning , get my truck looked at 5 and then off to the gym 
At home sick , I hate being sick , oh well , gonna get some rest 
Here's to STRONG WOMEN , May we Know them , May we Be them , May we Raise them . 
Love without fear , Trust without question , Need without demand , Want without restriction & < PROPFEMALE > without inhibition . 
We all have angels in our life , some people just don't recognize them even when they are standing right in front of them . 
I hope everyone has a safe and wonderful Thanksgiving 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone , hope everyone has a wonderful and blessed day 
Had a good 4 day weekend , got to spend time with my daughter < PROPFEMALE > , back to work in the morning 
Was in a car wreck today , totaled the car and im really banged up 
Going back to work tomorrow , 2 days after my wreck , still very sore and bruised 
All you really need ... is the love of the people who love you , not the ones that pretend to ! 
believes God's blessings always outweigh life's downsides ... It's just a matter of learning to accept the things one can't change . 
A friend will be there when you need them , but a true friend will be there whether you need them or not (: 
Going Christmas shopping in the morning in Indy 
To my best friends .. you know who you are .. i just want thanks for always being there for me in times of trouble ! I Love YOU ! x 
Life is too short ... Love the people who treat you right , and forget the ones who don't!!! 
a true friend is someone who even if u don't talk to her/him every day u know they are there when u need them and listen to what is going on or troubling u 
knows that friendship and love are promises made by the heart , not by the mind .. they are unbreakable through time and unchangeable through circumstance . <3 
I am still in alot of pain from my car accident , i really wish it would go away , the meds aren't helping at all , this sucks 
A strong woman believes that she`s strong enough to face her journey ... but a woman of strength has faith that it is in this journey that she will become strong 
The greatest things in life are the ones you love and who love you back 
Hold on to who you have now , one day you might lose them and then you'll wish you held on tighter . 
The wall around my heart is not about keeping people out , but finding out who cares enough to tear it down to come in <3 
I have God before me , Jesus beside me , the Holy Ghost within me and angels around me . Who or what shall I fear ? 
In a confused state of mind ! 
Don't change you just to make others happy .. Find someone who's happy just the way you are .. 
Everything happens for a reason . If you feel like you can't go on anymore just pray because god always listens & knows all about your problems . It will be okay . 
Never put someone first in your life who will always make you second in theirs . 
Never change for anyone but yourself ! Never change for someone that doesn't change for you ! Be yourself and live your life as it is !!! 
Some people need to learn to control their own lives and not try and control others 
Be who you are . Don't let anybody stop you , no matter what they say , do it . People will just have to live with who you are . Not who you aren't . 
Thank you Lord that you have made me strong when I'm going through tough times in my life and in the end you have always make things okay .. 
Went to church this morning , service was amazing as always , now hopefully the rest of my day goes well 
Im having the best day so far , I love my life and all the amazing people in it 
in life , you don't get the people u want . \ 
u get the people u need . \ 
to teach u , to hurt u , to love u , to make u laugh . \ 
to make u exactly the person u should b 
Im at work , just hopefully all the bad weather holds off til i get home , i wish the snow and all would go somewhere else 
every woman deserves a man who looks at her like hes just fallen in love for the first time every day . 
Went out last night , I had fun , I needed it and now Im ready for New Years 
Gonna enjoy some ME time , I really need it , maybe have a rum and coke tonight , busy day tomorrow 
There is wisdom in the words that flow from the contents of your heart , and as you reveal yourself to others you may also discover who u were meant to be ... 
To all me wonderful friends and family , I hope you have a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and an AWESOME new year :) happy holidays ! 
I had a good time tonight 
I am a woman on a mission , Nothing can stop me , I am stronger than ever , I wanna see this through , Whatever it takes I will do what I gotta do . 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!! May the Lords Blessings be with you and your family throughout this season ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone , Have a Blessed Day 
The Light of God surrounds You . The Love of God enfolds You . The Power of God protects You . And the Presence of God watches over You . Wherever You are , God Is ! 
Back to work for me this morning , my daughter is going with me , have a good day everyone 
Never mistake kindness for weakness nor silence for stupidity ... 
the EASY path isn't always the BEST path . Be willing to do what is tough in order to do what is right . 
I am so ready for tomorrow night 
Happy New Year to the most Beautiful People on Earth , my Friends and Family , love you all heaps xx xx 
Is no longer allowing people to hurt my feelings . New Year = New Me ! If you don't like what you see please remove your A$$ from my life ! 
I know who I am : I am me . \ 
I know what I am : I am a strong individual . \ 
I know where I am going : Anywhere that I want 
If you truly < PROPFEMALE > something with all of your heart , then pursue it with all of your might . Because you never know what COULD have happened unless you try . 
knows that faith is daring the heart to go beyond what the eyes can see and the mind can understand ! Dream your dream , believe in yourself and live the dream ! 
You got to have respect to get respect . 
The caliber of a person is not how well she prepares for everything to go right , but how she stands up and moves on after everything has gone wrong . 
Things have a way of working out . Never underestimate the power of prayer , faith & love & above all - NEVER underestimate the power of God to see you through ! 
The Will of God will not put you where the Grace of God will not protect you 
Either be real with me or get out of my life !! 
God give me the strength to face this day , bless those that help and love me , help me to forgive those that hurt me , through you all things are possible ! 
A woman's heart should be so hidden in Christ that a man should have to seek HIM first to find her . ~ Maya Angelou 
The best things in life : Faith in God , a loving supportive family , friends that stay through your worst , the courage to face a hard day , hope for a better 2morrow 
Three biggest lies from a guy's mouth 1 . I'm not that type of guy . 2 . I wont hurt you . 3 . I'm sorry . 
I might not have a b-f to stick up for me but i got some guy friends that would mess you up if i told them to . 
Make-up makes you pretty . But only your personality can make u beautiful ! 
to have some1 who listens to ur worries , thoughts & ideas . Some1 who supports u in all situations . Some1 who is ur strength when urs is gone . Now that's LOVE ! 
feel like she just wants to find a place and hide until she knows what she is suppose to feel . :( 
When Life gives you something good , Hold on with both hands and don't let go , be careful and not let it slip or you may never get it back . 
is looking forward to the future with a dream in her eyes , hope in her soul , and a prayer in her heart . I will make it to where I want to be ! \ " , 2011-01-13 06:25:48 " 
.. does the world want to throw anything else at me ? Because now would be the time to do it ! As if I didn't already have enough on my plate ... 
forget about the ones that bring you down and < PROPFEMALE > the ones that bring you back up 
Things are starting to finally look up for me , I am in such a wonderful mood 
I am loved ; I am content ; I am proud ; I am secure ; I am adored ; I am appreciated ; I am confident ; I am independent ; I am me and I am STRONG ! 
I really hope today gets better !! 
No matter how bad things get , I am gonna continue to stand strong and conquer it all !! 
Never take love or people for granted- you could end up losing someone\ 
special and find yourself missing them ~ wishing for the best , hoping\ 
for forgiveness 
Ppl say Ive changed , and want to know why . Well , I guess Ive been used , treated like crap , let down , and hurt one too many times . Guess Ive finally learned my lesson 
Being With Every Girl In The World Doesn't Make You A Man .! Making 0ne Girl Feel Like she is The World .., That Does <3 
3 things I hate more than anything : lying , broken promises , and false pretenses ... 
This snow needs to go some where else , was on my way to class and slid off the road , I need a 4 wheel drive thats all there is to it 
It's easier to forgive and move on than to hold a grudge and be miserable 
never forget to tell the people you love the most just how important they are . you never know how much they need to hear it . 
The storms and trials we go through in life make us stronger when we depend on God to get us through . < PROPFEMALE > on God's promise to see you through . 
To learn from your mistakes , is to confront your fears & face reality ; Then , you can make positive changes in your life & find what makes you truly happy . 
1 < PROPFIRST > 16:7 The Lord doesn't see things the way you see them . People judge by outward appearance , but the Lord looks at the heart 
Love is not how you forget but how you forgive . Not how you listen but how you understand . Not what you see but how you feel & not how you let go but hold on 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her . If you are against Domestic Violence and Mental Abuse post this on your wall . 
the power of the mind to do what is right is no match for the courage of the heart to be strong enough to do it 
Love bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things ; Love never fails . ~ Corinthians 13:7 
Lost power , this sucks , no work or school for me tomorrow 
Power is back on ..... yay 
This weather needs to go some where else , to much ice and to much snow , I am so ready for Spring to get here 
We lost power once again , mother nature needs to take this ice and snow somewhere else 
A woman's heart should be so close to God , that in order for a man to find it ., the man would have to seek God first . 
1-2 Steelers are coming for you\ 
3-4 Lock your Stadium Doors\ 
5-6 Won our first playoff game without a hitch\ 
7-8 We don't cheat we dominate\ 
9-10 STEELERS WIN 
\And they're climbing the stairway .. to Seven ! \ " Good luck Steelers ! " 
Today I close the door to the past ... open the door to the future , take a deep breath and step on through to start the next chapter in my life ... 
Never take for granted the gift of LOVE ... Life takes it's turns sometimes when we least expect it . Make every moment precious and meaningful . 
Your life isn't measured by WHAT you have , but WHO you have in your life :) 
Did 4 hours worth of Math , Im calling it a night , work in the morning and class afterwards , Gn fb 
because in the end it is all worth it 
This is called FACEBOOK < PROPFIRST > ! the 1st person to message your in box saying \YOU ARE MINE \ " is your Facebook < PROPFIRST > ! this is just for fun ! :) xx " 
I hope everyone has a wonderful < PROPFIRST>'s Day tomorrow 
Gonna go watch American Idol , have a good night everyone 
says ... My Daughter and Son , I think both of you as my best investment , my best work , my best achievement , the very best thing I ever did XOXO 
When it comes to choosing between your head and your heart .. always choose your heart . Your head knows everything and everyone , but your heart only knows you . <3 
The most valuable places to be in the world ~ are in someone's THOUGHTS , in someone's PRAYERS and in someone's HEART ~ 
Nothing ahead of you is bigger or stronger than the Power of GOD behind you ! 
God said ... Trials are not the reason to give up , but a challenge to improve yourself . Difficulties are not an excuse to back out , but and inspiration to move . 
I may not be where I want to be , but God has me where I have to be so I can go to where I need to be , so I can fulfill the < PROPFEMALE > in my heart . 
Closer than a touch on your skin . Deeper than a breath you draw in . Stronger than a Hurricane wind , is the dwelling of God within . 
God created a world of diversity ... not to separate us for our differences , but to teach us acceptance and to love each other for what makes us unique . 
When determination and faith are all you've got left to hold onto , determine not to let go of faith and keep pushing on , placing your trust in God . 
No one will get this right ! My middle name _______ , my age ___ , my favortie drink _______ , my full birthday __/__/__ , my favorite color _______ , my favorite food _______ , and my mom's name _______ !!! Put this as your status and see who knows you best .. Do it . 
\Often we do not know what we can endure until after a trial of our faith . The Lord says we will never be tested beyond that which we can endure . \"" 
God made life possible . Faith makes life workable . Hope makes life beautiful , Love makes life complete . 
God gives Miracles to those who Believe , Courage to those with Faith , Hope to those who Dream , Love to those who Accept , & Forgiveness to those who Ask ... 
\she who kneels before God can stand before anyone . \ " -Author Unknown " 
It takes a strong woman to know her faults , a stronger one to embrace her faults , and a unbreakable woman to show her faults with pride . <3 yourself first 
If you can imagine it , you can achieve it ; if you can dream it , you can become it . Hope & Faith paves the paths that lead us to our goals . { Determination } 
American Idol was good tonight , my fav is < PROPMALE > , he just blows my mind with his voice 
Good morning everyone , hope ya'll have a wonderful day 
Lookin , back at the moments , i wouldnt change a thing that changed my life . The laughs the smiles the trials the tears its hard to hate what got me here . 
sometimes I thank God for unanswered prayers because some of God's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers . 
~ The heart has it's own truth , if you have the courage to follow it . ~ 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes , i had a wonderful day 
It's not attitude , its personality . I just happen to have a lot of it ! 
True contentment with who we are as a person is being able to stand alone and still be happy . 
Forget what you're been told & trust what you know to be true that whispers inside you . 
sometimes we have to follow our hearts ... even if it hurts some of the people we love ! Its your time , so live for you and no one else ! They did it once , too . 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her ...... Post this on your wall if you are against Domestic Violence & Mental Abuse 
Isn't life ironic ? We ignore the ones who adore us , adore the ones who ignore us , love the ones that hurt us , and hurt the ones that love us . 
the strongest people are covered with scars & have the kindest of hearts 
When you < PROPFEMALE > the Bible , Satan gets a headache . When you open it , he collapses . When he sees you reading it , he faints . When he sees you living it , he flees . And just when you're about to re-post this , he'll try to discourage you ... \ 
Any takers ?? ? 
Dear Lord , you know I am not perfect and I fall short everyday of my life , but I want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy and grace . Thank you for my incredible family , my amazing friends , a roof over my head and a warm home , food on my table , and everything I have .... Amen . \ 
Re-post if GOD has blessed you in any way 
I hope everyone has a good day , now only if it would quit snowing , it would be even better 
Strength and resilience emerge by your own will to become a better person no matter what downfalls happen in your life ... be your own hero . 
Start my CNA classes Monday , I am so excited , I will be doing one of the things I love most , helping and caring for the elderly , no greater compassion than that 
is amazed by how dumb some people are to think they got away with the lies they tell and how funny it is that I let them think I believed them ... 
