Crafters Meeting Tommorow ! 

BOOM , BABY , BOOM ! I'm the Evil Midnight Bomber What Bombs at Midnight ! I SAYS , SURF'S UP , SPACE PONIES ! I'M MAKING GRAVY WITHOUT THE LUMPS ! BABY !!! 
I dont Play aps ... I have my own viking clan in real life LOL !!! Not on myspace and not on here !! LOL I will not eat green eggs and hamlet ! 
But who will save the sane ? Some beings just can't change Now crawl on by With a fake tear in your eye And think Isn't he strange ? 
Oh , I see a man at the back As a matter of fact his eyes are red as the sun And a girl in the corner let no one ignore her Cause she thinks she's the passionate one Oh , yeah , it was like lightning , everybody was frightening And the music was soothing , and they all started grooving Yeah , Yeah , And the man at the back said Everyone attack and it turned into a ballroom blitz 
Owner's of < PROPFIRST > should Refrigerate after opening ! 
New York Brand Texas T Seasoned In Ohio ! 
I strike with great strength I come from nothing , but I'm looking for something It's time to cut the fat and make moves before you lose When one comes through His face turns blue Dusted like yesterday's news Watch the smoke roll out his shoes Never underestimate the heart of the desperate The weak dream of pleasures and the strong take the measures 
Work , work , work , work , work , work , work , work , work . Hello boys . Have a good night's rest ? I missed you . 
I got nothing ... Wish i had more to say ... here in lies the rub ! 
When I was young , I was labeled a space case So I'd crawl inside my head and I'd find me a safe place You don't know how it feels , if ya'll need me , I'll be out in left field 
Say , it's only a paper < PROPFEMALE > Sailing over a cardboard sea But it wouldn't be make-believe If you believed in me Yes , it's only a canvas sky Hanging over a muslin tree But it wouldn't be make-believe If you believed in me 
LOL thanks ... though ... it really got called off because I had to work that day ! ;) 
We Meet Again , Mr. Holmes ! 
I feel bad for my friend ... seems no matter how hard he trys , life keeps screwing him . I hope against hope for ya my friend . Your time will come when all works out for ya . 
Stuck at my moms house ... no gas and no brakes ... ahh well at least i work tonight ... 
He wants to dream like a young man With the wisdom of an old man . He wants his home and security , He wants to live like a sailor at sea . Beautiful loser , where you goona fall ? You realize you just cant have it all . 
Another day , another dollar , and the guarantee that no hair shall ever grow on the top of my head . 
No man is so good as to be free from all evil , nor so bad as to be worth nothing . 
why do bad things happen to good people ... is there nothing anyone can do to help ?? 
That's life ( that's life ) , that's what all the people say , You're ridin ' high in April , shot down in May , But I know I'm gonna change that tune , When I'm back on top , back on top in June 
Halloween Party Tommorow ! 
Trick OR TREAT !!! 
Well Halloween is over ... Now the only Zombies that walk this earth have a < PROPFEMALE > over ! 
Broke ! Thats all I can say ... hope no one minds ! 
OUCH ! Moving Batman out of his house sure does do wonders for ones back ... and not in a good way . 
i have arrived and this time you should believe the hype i listened to everyone now i know that everyone was right i'll be there for you as long as it works for me i play a game it's called insincerity 
This Sunday N . E . O . Vik Meeting Be there or be some where else ... which would be wrong ! Bring your clothes ... trying to shoot a promo vid ! 
Sunday N . E . O . Vik Meeting Be there or be some where else ... which would be wrong ! Bring your clothes ... trying to shoot a promo vid ! 
Good Meeting !!! Thank you all !!! Awesome Meeting New Friends ! 
YAY ! LEATHER !!! GONNA MAKE STUFF !!!! YEAAAAHHHH ! 
My kingdom for a spine that fucking works !!!! I am sooo tired of pain ! 
Thrash it , bash it , live to smash it , Light the spar , k reach out and crash it , Rip it stronger , grind it longer , Harder faster , rabbit master ... 
I need everyone to let < PROPMALE > Or Bekka Or Myself know if the third weekend of December is going to be an issue . 
I am constant as the northern < PROPFEMALE > 
Crashing through the night Comes a fear full cry Cobra ! Cobra ! Cobra ! Cobra ! Armies of the night Evil taking flight Cobra ! Cobra ! Cobra ! Cobra ! No where to run No where to hide Panic spreading far and wide Who can turn the tide ? 
Here I thought ... its snowing ... I dont have to go to work ... Haha I get to go play freakin door man ! < PROPFEMALE > SIGH ! 
Home , home again . I like to be here when I can . When I come home cold and tired It's good to warm my bones beside the fire . 
He wants to dream like a young manWith the wisdom of an old man . He wants his home and security , He wants to live like a sailor at sea . Beautiful loser , where you goona fall ? When you realize you just can’t have it all . 
Everyone CHECK YOUR MYSPACE !!! VERY IMPORTANT ! 
I've got a little black book with my poems in . Got a bag with a toothbrush and a comb in . When I'm a good dog , they sometimes throw me a bone in . I've got wild staring eyes . And I've got a strong urge to fly . But I got nowhere to fly to . 
Keanu Reeves is Spike in the live action Cowboy Bebop ! SO FREAKING STUPID ! Freaking Shoot ME ! 
Thanks to all that made the long snowy journey out for crafters meeting today !! You all rock ! Those didnt make need not worry ... the weather was bad and that is your free ticket ... Just a reminder , Meetings are The First and Third Sunday of the Month ! 
Thrash it bash it live to smash it Light the spark reach out and crash it Rip it stronger grind it longer Harder faster rabbit master 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has succumbed to zombies . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being overcome by zombies is not something to be ashamed of . Zombies are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this . They have been killed by zombies . 
It's WAYBACK WEEK !!!! Let's Go Retro ! - Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! ( Copy and paste this to your status , and let's see how adorable we all were ! ) 
Pants are highly over rated ! 
Moskau ! Moskau ! < PROPFIRST > is the handy man ! Porcelian is the surest Plan ! HA HA HA HA HA 
I feel old today ... to old ... I feel like I have missed out on to much ... I want my own 
Thank whomever you want the move went smoothly ! I like their new place but I will miss them being right up stairs . :( 
Long weekend ... almost done ! 
I hate not having the internet ... no way to chat with people ... f my life .... and boredom ! 
Stop ! I wanna go home Take off this uniform And leave the show . But I'm waiting in this cell Because I have to know . Have I been guilty all this time ? 
No more ! I hate being cut off from the world ... I hate not seeing my friends ... I hate not having money to have the interent or to buy gas to go out and see them ... I wish some one call once in a while to give me updates about life ... oohhh and I hate snow ! Happy Anniversary < PROPMALE > And Bekka !!! Hail The Warrior Wolves of Vulksgaard !! Long LIve N . E . O . Vik ! and FTW ! .... is there anything else I am forgetting ? 
Home ... now for some rice and the internet ... * sighs * hell yes ! 
Almost time for a busy night of work ... Lots of people taking the shuttle tonight ! :) 
I get the net back on the 10th !! Start the tears of Joy !!!!! 
And there was lazy time with the net ! LOL 
You know what I want for my birthday ? 
I wanna thank everyone for their happy birthday wishes ... it was a rough birthday , due to work ... but still a good one . Thank everyone !! 
They say we’ll surely crumble ( Won’t you fight for me ? ) The outside walls will tumble ( Won’t you fly to me ? ) It’s time to arm the children ( Won’t you die for me ? ) We watch our city burnin’ ( And I still believe ) 
OMG !!!! The new Predator movie looks Bad ASSS !!!!! SOOO CANT WAIT !!!!!!!!! 
Geeks of the World unite ! I need a good place to download comics ... I dont have the money to buy them right now ... and there is to much going down , I must know ! 
NEW BOBAFLEX ALBUM !!! HELL YES !!!!! 
.... tired of being alone 
Some people say that love's a losin ' game You start with fire but you lose the flame The ashes smolder but the warmth's soon gone You end up cold and lonely on your own 
That's life , that's what all the people say . You're riding high in April , Shot down in May But I know I'm gonna change that tune , When I'm back on top , back on top in June . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can ...... raise awareness . 
Alright , its time to lose weight ... no more bad dreams of me being fat ... i get the message ! 
I know your thinking how could he top his day yesterday ? First off lemme say that sitting around my house is hard , having to stare at the same spot for long periods can be very lame . Though I assure I will top that today by doing the exact same thing ... because the world is lame and so am I ! 
Busy Busy Busy ... this week is going to be 
Three more days of work to go ... hahahhahahahaha pause and deep breath hahahahahahah ok i am better now ! Voh-voh-de-oh-doh 
Giggity-giggity-goo bitches !!! 
I cant believe I died last night - oh God Im dead again I cant believe I died last night - Im fucking dead again Here's to you < PROPFIRST > Steele thanks for fucking awesome music !!! Steele of TYPE O NEGATIVE died of heart failure on April 14 , 2010 , aged 48 
mmmmmm feels so much better after getting outside and moving around ! :^) 
Here in lies the rub ... 
SAFE JOURNEY < PROPMALE > AND < PROPFIRST > !!! 
FTW ... FOR THE WIN ???? Does anyone remember when FTW meant FUCK THE WORLD ??????? WTF ? 
I hate the human spine ! I can't beleave I hurt my back again ! 
the show must go on ! 
Wells here's to a better show then last night !!! 
there is a very large owl outside my window , that makes me happy ! :) 
OHHH for money or a car that can drive to < PROPMALE > , or both ... Tyr is coming to Peabody's tonight ... no money or good car .... Iron Man 2 Midnight Preview ... yet again no money ... Doh !!!! 
Alright everyone ( N . E . O . Vik ) remember that this Sunday we are going to Medieval Faire to meet and greet the cast so they arent all Scared of us ... when faire starts that is . \ 
\ 
Oh and happy mothers day to all those fine mothers out there ! 
Ok here is the N . E . O . Vik's meet up times ... Tommorow the 16th at N . E . O . Vik for \ 
combat and council meeting , Next Sunday the 23rd Be there at or inbetween 9:00 to 9:30 am at \ 
Medieval Faire for introductions to the cast for though we know them and\ 
are good friends ... we are not part of their cast so we are giving them one more weekend to prepare themselves . Lastly Memorial Day \ 
Weekend Friday through Monday Althing ! 
Love is but a < PROPFEMALE > heap , and I am but the cock which climbs apon it to crow ... 
Stop thief , no welcome wagon hello stranger with that good coffee flavour for you , offer expires while you wait , operators are standing by . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > And < PROPFEMALE > !!! I GUESS I DID REMEMBER !!! 
Crafter / Demo this sunday at viking camp ... 
Gonna rain today ... meeting canceled 
If I ever get out of here\ 
Thought of giving it all away\ 
To a registered charity\ 
All I need is a pint a day\ 
If we ever get out of here 
FAIL ! It was a simple plan ... Get bed from moms , take bed to fathers . Then it happened ... The bed doesnt fit up the stairs . So take the bed from dads , and return to mothers ... FAIL F-ING FAIL !!!! 
Can you hear me you peers and privy counsellors\ 
I stand before you naked to the eyes\ 
I will destroy any man who dares abuse my trust\ 
I swear that you'll be mine , the seven seas of rhye 
Alright its hot ... 94 and so sticky from all this humidity .... \ 
* sighs * Still better then snow !!! 
Work , work work , work ... No Viking Meeting This Sunday ... 
Alright ... so the plan was today to sit around and or cat nap off and on all day ... little did I know this would get boring ... here in lies the rub . 
Alright Vikings ... We need to know everyones availiblity ... Medieval Faire is quickly upon us and we have stuff to do . Now Whats Everyones Schedule ? 
I woke up in a Soho doorway\ 
A policeman knew my name\ 
He said \You can go sleep at home tonight\ 
Ohh for less humidity and more fans ... 
And so when I look back I am ashamed and a little disappointed in myself ... 
Warm out today . Warm yesterday . Even warmer today . 
Swimming = Win ! 
eh ... work today ... 
If it don't feel right you don't have to do it\ 
Just leave a message \ 
on the phone and tell them to screw it\ 
After all is said and done you\ 
can't go pleasin ' everyone\ 
So screw it ... 
He wants to dream like a young man\ 
With the wisdom of an old man\ 
He wants his home and security\ 
He wants to live like a sailor at sea 
And so I await the reports of battle ... Did men fall ? Sure . Was there blood on the feild ? I am sure the grass was Red ... Did we Take new Lands ? I have No Doubt !!! No man should ever have to be left behind to take care of other things ... Fight Hard and Fast my Vikings !! Hail The Old Ways !!!!!! Hail VulksGaard !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
All alone , or in two's , \ 
The ones who really love you\ 
Walk up and \ 
down outside the wall . \ 
Some hand in hand\ 
And some gathered \ 
together in bands . \ 
The bleeding hearts and artists \ 
Make their \ 
stand . \ 
And when they've given you their all\ 
Some stagger and \ 
fall , after all it's not easy\ 
Banging your heart against some mad \ 
bugger's wall . 
Does anyone know how to create an invoice ... never actually done that before ????? 
So its almost been a week ... I have given up on the wallet finding its way back to me . I am gonna laugh its sitting in one of the boxes at medieval faire . 
Good weekend ... Faire was Hot but Great as always , and Low and Behold my wallet is found ???? My Vikings Rock !!!! :^) 
Whew What A Storm !!!! 
Who\ 
knows me best ? My full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . Worst fear . \ 
Bestfriend . Nickname . Copy this to your status to see who knows you best\ 
:] 
What's wrong with being a large mammal ? 
Moving some more stuff again today , followed by a trip to ICU to see Dad . 
Arkham Asylum Rocks !!!!!! 
I think I will start my day in a old potato sack , and then sharpen my matchete , perhaps finish the day wearing my hockey mask . 
Computer is down for a minute .... dunno how soon I will be back online . 
VIKING MEETING ON SUNDAY !!! 
Vikings Sound Off !!!! I WANNA KNOW WHO IS GOING TO MEETING TOMORROW NOW ! 
Am I smart enough to realize that it wont happen again ? Yes ... Do I dream about it and wonder how and why things got sooo messed up and wish I could fix it ? YES ... Then I ask why am I am thinking about it ? Why , Why Why Why WHy ??? I dont need comments , nor do I want people clicking the f-ing like button . Some questions cant be answered . Lets leave it at that . 
You know what I miss , Going to a restaurant and being able to smoke ! 
I am in serious need of several days off , something similar to a vacation ... 
Next\ 
Weekend .... NEOVIK ALTHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sept . 3-6 !!!!! Come live \ 
like its the 9th century !!!! Viking Age camping , crafting , food , drink , \ 
combat training , and much more !!!!! Come Go A-Viking with us !!!!!!!!!! 
If anyone needs Directions to Althing all one needs to do is ask ! 
NEOVIK ALTHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sept . 3-6 !!!!! Come live like its the 9th century !!!! Viking Age camping , crafting , food , drink , combat training , and much more !!!!! Come Go A-Viking with us !!!!!!!!!! 
September 25th and 26th , N . E . O . -VIK Invades the WRMC Ren Faire !!! Check us out !!!!! Hail VULKSGAARD !!!!!!!!!! 
F U FLYS !!! HOW DARE YOU WAKE ME UP AND NOT LET ME GO BACK TO SLEEP AGAIN ! 
Its almost time to invade the Masons ! 
Anyone that needs Directions to the Free < PROPMALE > Faire contact me or find it one the website ... Hail Vulksgaard !!! 
I know the answers if the right people would just ask the F-ing questions . 
Well off to cook dinner , then Fringe and Castle await my need to watch !!!!! 
More sleep ... work lots this weekend and I cant work if I have the flu ! 
Well due to sickness of more then half of the vikings and the fact my mom is in town .... Meeting for sunday ... CANCELED !!!! 
Walk up and down outside the wall . \ 
And some gathered together in bands . \ 
Make their stand . \ 
Some stagger and fall , after all it's not easy\ 
Banging your heart against some mad bugger's wall . \ 
\Isn't this where .... \"" 
Ancient Spirits of Evil , \ 
Transform this decayed form , \ 
to Mumm-Ra , the Ever Living !! 
With blood and rage of crimson red , Ripped from a corpse so freshly dead , Together with our hellish hate , We'll burn you all -- That is your fate ! 
Happy < PROPMALE > the Red Day ! Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Lennon ! 
Don't sit there mumblin ' , talkin ' trash\ 
If you wanna have a ball\ 
You gotta go out and spend some cash , and\ 
Let the good times roll , let the good times roll\ 
I don't care if you're young or old\ 
Get together , let the good times roll 
Late to rise and early to bed , makes a person neither healthy or wealthy ... and eventually dead ! 
Some mornings , I feel like a ground hog ... theres signs of life , quick back inside where its safe !! 
Sunday NEOVIK MEETING !! BE THERE !!! 
Are Friends Electric ? 
I have to block out thoughts of you , so I don't lose my head\ 
They crawl in like a cockroach leaving babies in my bed\ 
Dropping little reels of tape , to remind me that I'm alone\ 
Playing movies in my head that make a porno feel like home 
Now it's time to say goodnight\ 
Goodnight , sleep tight\ 
Now the sun turns out his light\ 
Dream sweet dreams for me\ 
Dream sweet dreams for you . 
Emperor commands you to post this as your status if you know someone who was killed\ 
on the Death < PROPFEMALE > when it was destroyed by the Rebel Alliance . His wish\ 
is that you will understand that the Rebels are a band of murdering \ 
scum . The Empire wants to bring unity to the galaxy , ... but the Rebels \ 
continue to murder innocent civilians . 93 ...... % of people won't repost this . Do not disappoint Lord Vader . 
Have you seen the ghost of John ? \ 
All white bones with the skin all gone\ 
Oooh , Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh\ 
Wouldn't it be chilly with no skin on , no skin on ? 
With a thousand lies\ 
And a good disguise\ 
Hit ‘em right between the eyes\ 
When you walk away\ 
Nothing more to say\ 
See the lightning in your eyes\ 
See ‘em running for their lives 
There are some old classic horror movies with my name on them ... snacks and Bela Lugosi , < PROPMALE > Chaney Jr. , and < PROPMALE > Karloff . Freakin Sweet ! 
Busy week ... and its not over yet ! 
Gods of war I call You . My sword is by my side . \ 
I seek a life of honor , free from all false pride . \ 
I will crack the whip with a bold mighty hail . \ 
Cover me with death if I should ever fail . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > , Majesty , Unity\ 
Hail , Hail , Hail 
And my phone sucks ... sooo ... tomorrow I go to the phone place and cram it down some ones throat until they give me a new one !!!! Or they kill me ! Which ever comes first !!! 
Wise Mister Owl , \ 
Keen as he can be , \ 
Quietly watches\ 
From up in his tree . \ 
Suddenly he spies\ 
A fine tasty treat , \ 
Far off in a field , \ 
Ah , something to eat ! 
Ahh what a good day to get things done ... Screens outta windows ( check ) Cover Air Conditioners ( check ) Clean Gutters ( check ) Pick up random shit in the yard ... ( Half Check ) I like me this Warm Weather ! 
Back to work ... yippy freakin skippy ... 
So < PROPFIRST > ... you thought you had a busy night last night ??? Tonight is gonna make that look like a cake walk ... 
ehh monday ... 
I suck ... :( 
Its my kinda Day ... T-Day ! lol 
And ... here ... we ... go ! 
F MY LIFE !!! BOBAFLEX IS AT THE COVE TONIGHT AND I WILL BE AT THE SHOW !!!!! SSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTT !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ya know what ... snow is all fine and well when you can sit inside a warm house and dont have to go any where or do anything which causes you be in it . I implore you to live in a house that heats with wood and let it get good and cold inside the house , then go outside in asshole deep snow and cut wood for warmth ... 
FACE PALM !!!! And now my projector isnt working .... getting tired of the cosmic jokes being played on me ! grrrrr ! >:( 
Wait ! We can't stop here ! This is bat country ! 
what a mood , what a mood ... some days its so hard to just be civil . 
Today seems better already !! Last night I just couldnt get outta the funk I was in . 
I wanna sell my body to science for money ! 
Figures ... CLOUDS !!! DAMN YOU OHIO !!!! LOL no worries ... seen lunar eclipses B4 
I want hot water !!! 
HO HO HO HOLY SHIT !!! 
\Algorithms I trust . Boolean logic I trust . Beautiful women ... they just mystify me . \"" 
Here's to the New Year ! May it be a damn spot Better then the old one ! 
I see it all now . You and the upstairs maid ! ' Do the old boy in ' , you said ! ' Elderberry wine and old lace ' , you said ! ' Then , the quick getaway ' , you said ! Rio de Janerio , tropical nights , romance and a heavy bank account ! 
Well its time to venture forth ... I've endured the holidays and now after my recoup I am ready to continue the rounds . 
The man in the crowd with the multicoloured mirrors\ 
On his hobnail boots\ 
Lying with his eyes while his hands are busy\ 
Working overtime 
“More often in life , we end up regretting the chances in life that we had , but didn’t take them , than those chances that we took and wished we hadn’t . ”\ 
- Anonymous 
GRRR Why Cant I know how to sew !!!! Wish my Grandmother was still alive to help me out !! 
Twitchy Twitch Twitch Cabin Fever ! Twitch Twitchy twitch 
Sighs ... Cant snow all the time ... 
And F Pizza the Hut for not driving out to my house !!! I only 4.7 < PROPMALE > from you the least you could do is bring me pizza when I am willing to pay !!!!!! >:^P GRRRRR 
Here's the last toast of the evening , here's to those who still believe\ 
All the losers will be winners , all the givers shall receive\ 
Here's to trouble-free tomorrows , may your sorrows all be small\ 
Here's to the losers , here's to the losers , here's to the losers\ 
Bless them all ! 
Off to drive my G-ma to the docs ... on ice ! 
I took the AD&D Stats Quiz and got these stats :\ 
STR : 13\ 
INT : 11\ 
WIS : 14\ 
DEX : 13\ 
CON : 8\ 
CHR : 17\ 
Take the quiz yourself at http://www.KevinHaw.com/add_quiz.php 
I've got it ! I've got it ! The pellet with the poison's in the vessel with the pestle ; the chalice from the palace has the brew that is true ! Right ? \ 
Right . But there's been a change : they broke the chalice from the palace ! \ 
They * broke * the chalice from the palace ? \ 
And replaced it with a flagon . \ 
A flagon ...? \ 
With the figure of a dragon . \ 
Flagon with a dragon . \ 
Right . 
“You can have everything in life that you want if you will just help enough other people to get what they want . ”\ 
- Zig Ziglar 
Goodbye < PROPMALE > ... you were a good dog ! \ 
You helped me take care of Pop for alot of years , \ 
Rest in peace puppy . 
I believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you Believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this 
Shower , and then get ready to march in the Parade at WINTER FEST in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Uh , betray us , and I will fong you , until your insides are out , your outsides are in , your entrails will become your extrails I will w-rip ... all the p ... ung . Pain , lots of pain . 
Everyone Lies ... An Innocent Man Lies So As To Not Be Guilty , And A Guilty Man Lies Because He Has No Choice . 
Well i better get to bed ... early day of driving followed by awaiting for my mother to come out of surgery . Good luck momma ! 
LOL what a day .... accidents at funeral receptions and burned roast ... You would think i am a < PROPMALE > screw up . :( ( never made a roast so poorly , FML ) 
How quickly pass the days , long is the night\ 
Lying in bed awake bathed in starlight\ 
Better to live as < PROPMALE > of beasts\ 
Than as a lamb scared and weak 
All HAIL VULKSGAARD !!! ALL HAIL N . E . O . VIK !!!!!!! 
you can't stop me wont you look who's laughing in the end\ 
do you know what hell looks like baby ? \ 
i've come back , it kinda made me crazy\ 
not in it for the money or the glory\ 
but to have a happy ending to our story 
PLEASE PLEASE SAY AWAY FROM BISHOP ROAD AT THIS TIME UNTIL THE INVESTIGATION IS COMPLETED . WE DO NOT NEED VALUABLE EVIDENCE DESTROYED !! THANK YOU ! ** PLEASE REPOST !!! ** 
Lots of people ... Lots and Lots of sad people ... something great was taken and justice must be swift . It was rough for me to make that long walk , and my heart goes out to family in their even longer walk . R.I.P. 
Eh ... six more days .... 
You have been weighed , you have been measured , and you have been found wanting . In what world could you possibly beat me ? 
BOOM , BABY , BOOM ! I'm the Evil Midnight Bomber What Bombs at Midnight ! AND and and and and AND AND I SAYS , SURF'S UP , SPACE PONIES ! I'M MAKING GRAVY WITHOUT THE LUMPS ! 
Holy F ! Forget that Stuff Man !!! When snow plows are in the ditch ... that's my Que to go home and stay there until melting or spring occurs !!! 
Alright its odd ... but for the first time in while I dont wanna be stuck at home for my birthday ... 
I wanna thank everyone for their birthday wishes ! I did indeed have a happy birthday ! 
We'll drink , and drink , and drink , and drink , and drink , and drink and fight ! Hey ! \ 
And if I see a pretty girl , I'll sleep with her tonight ! \ 
yes We'll drink , and drink , and drink , and drink , and drink , and drink and fight ! 
Just so you know ... The Mega < PROPFEMALE > or Super < PROPFEMALE > ... Is CRAP !!! 
Woke up this morning , blues around my head\ 
No need to ask the reason why\ 
Went to the kitchen and lit a cigarette\ 
Blew my worries to the sky\ 
I'm stepping out\ 
If it don't feel right , you don't have to do it\ 
Just leave a message on the phone and tell them to screw it\ 
After all is said and done you can't go pleasin ' everyone\ 
So screw it 
Happy B Day DAD !!!!!!! 
What would Hippocrates say ? What would Socrates say ? And what would you say if I asked you to step into the oxygen closet for several minutes of heavy breathing ? ;) 
\One whose life you save often gives a very bad return . \ " Viking Quote " 
