My mamaw used to tell me that you should always spend the first day of the new year doing what you would like to be doing the rest of the year . For her that was anything but laundry and cooking ... for me ... i'm bundling up like the stay puff marshmallow man and hitting the woods . :) 

I have seen the light at the end of the tunnel ... but discovered too late that it was merely a train . 
Just got my first acceptance letters . Lenoir Rhyne and Montreat . Both christian colleges - who'da thunkit . 
What does the moth think when it flies into the lightbulb ? 
What does the deer think when it's about to get hit by a pile of scrapmetal that gets two < PROPMALE > to the gallon and is driven by an overtaxed soccermom ? 
Is it possible to interact with other people without fucking up and making someone else miserable ? Has anyone succeeded in this ? Am I alone in my failures ? 
If colleges would stop sending stupid shit in the mail , they could probably send half of < PROPFEMALE > to school for free with the money they saved . Just saying . And for the record , getting a bulliten once a week with a picture of an obviouisly drugged student on a prettier than life campus does not make the 70,000 tuition seem any more worthwhile . 
If it's going to be cold , and water is going to fall from the sky , why can't it be snow ? It just doesn't make sense . Rain . blah . 
Why does google hate me ?!?!?! I type in the word ' elephant ' click google images , and all I get is a smiling asian ! bastards !!!! 
If humans were like livestock the world would be a much better place . 
Snow makes everything seem so surreal ... I feel like a character in a novel . Like a mix between Narnia and a flash back from the Dream Catcher .... so awesome 
I love my family . :) 
Dandilope is soooooo stoned . It's so cute ! I swear this is even better than when my grandmother got drunk on me . lol . 
< PROPFEMALE > jacked my phone again . Damnit . Last time i couldn't find it for like a week ... who would think to look on the curtain < PROPMALE > ? I mean the remote under the matress was kind of a given , but ... a curtain < PROPMALE > ? wtf . 
I found it !!! It was in her bedroom shoe !!!! 
I finished chapter ten in my novel !!!! I'm * I just got to heaven and all the angel's are twenty years old guys with sixpac abs , who bring me coffee , and have formed a choir that sings only my favorite led zeppelin songs * happy . :) 
I'm so tired . every time I fall down my eyes shut and i almost fall asleep . It's like theirs a drawstring attaching my eyelids to my ass . ugh 
Just got my first rejection letter from a publishing company . Sad .... but predictable . I'm not giving up though . If < PROPFEMALE > myers can make billions of dollars of a frigging sparkly vampire - then I can get a poem into a literary zine damnit . 
Does anyone know where I can get a baby goat ? 
Done with < PROPMALE > ! Found a goat lady ! The house is clean ! I don't have to cook tonight ! LIFE IS GOOD !!! 
Eyes ... won't ... stay ... open ... 
Just got word back from Teaching Fellows . I'm a regionalist .... and it's making me panic . Wtf . 
I can't think . And yet I can't stop thinking . ugh . 
Being used but I don't care . 
I hate books with sex scenes that in no way contribute to the overall plot . It urks me so much . I don't want to read about your sexcapades damnit !!! 
Only enemies speak the truth ; friends and lovers lie endlessly , caught in the web of duty . 
I'm stuck again . 
Fell asleep waiting for dad to come home .... dreamed that I got pulled over by a cop car for speeding in what I assume was the oscarmyer weiner mobile ... The guy asked me for my license and I gave him an empty icecream cone ... he took me to jail , and my cellmate tried to steal my hotdog ... 
I have discovered that menthol cough drops soothe my headaches - - strange , but wonderful . 
I think men should be the ones who wear heels . Tall is good for guys - right ? 
Realized that replacing lost loves doesn't work . It just makes you miss them more - 
Sick and tired of being sick and tired . 
Finally ! For the first time in three days I don't feel like i'm going to hurl !!! It could just be the medicine - but frankly my dear , I don't really give a damn . 
Best evening ever : sitting in the hottub with a cup of steaming hot coffee watching it snow . 15 minutes of heaven . 
Went sledding/hiking/snowangel making and had a blast . ( My inner child got so excited she almost wet herself ) I love snow . 
I feel loved - for the first time in a long time . 
I am sooo glad I'm not going after a science < PROPMALE > ... lab reports suck big ones . 
Verizon Sucks . 
There should be a law in english grammar stating that if something doesn't exist - you shouldn't have to spell it correctly . Microsoft word keeps putting those horrid red lines on my paper because I can't spell leprachaun . Rrrg ! How can something have a proper spelling if it doesn't exist ? 
I have decided that Plato was an elitist asshole , and that his cave allegory is interesting - but ultimately full of crap . What I see is my reality - and you're inability to look through my eyes does not make it any less real . If he is an example of an ' enlightened individual ' , then I would rather stay in the dark and enjoy the shadow puppets . Thank you very little . 
HEY YOU ! Mr. Ferguson is starting a literary zine , and needs help setting it up . Anyone who is interested come to his room during < PROPFEMALE > one on wednesday . Please and thank you ! 
Cheers to not getting anything accomplished . 
I think I almost kinda sorta understand the chapter in biology . Perhaps . Maybe . A little bit ........ Well at least i'm improving . 
ATTENTION ANYONE WHO GIVES A RATS BUTT ( I censored . Aren't ya proud of me ? ) Mr. Ferguson is having a meeting about the Magazine on Friday . Be there or be an octagon ! ( twice as bad as being square ( 4x2 = 8 ... holy crap I can do math ! )) 
ATTENTION ANYONE WHO READ THE PREVIOUS POST Mr. Ferguson changed his mind - again . :/ So no meeting tomorrow . We will eventually have a meeting though . I hope . 
Looking like a pretty day ... hope it stays that way . 
Heads up to anyone who cares , Mr. Ferguson's Magazine thingy is having a meeting friday morning in the bottom half of the library . PLEASE COME !!!! 
Do you ever have those days where everything seems strange ? Just downright confusing . And I mean everything . Even my room feels strange . But I don't think it's changed any ... idk . 
We are in serious need of submissions for the literary magazine . If you're interested in publishing your stuff please drop me a line . We need poetry , short stories , editorials , opinion pieces , scannable < PROPMALE > ... pretty much anything . If it isn't porn or a bomb threat , we'll take it . So muster up some creativity people ! I know you've got it , and if you don't , ask someone who does ! Spread da word !!! 
Hi ! Does anyone have a spare < PROPFEMALE > of hearts card I can borrow ? I mean ... if you have a deck that's missing a few ... I could use one for a project and I don't want to go out and buy a pack just for one card . I'm too cheap for that . I mean I could draw one ... but .... yeah thats not happening . let me know ! 
so frustrated with myself . why do i have to be such an everloving screwup ? 
finally started writing again . It sucks balls ... but it feels good to be back in the game . 
does anyone know the managers name at the < PROPFIRST > ingles ? its been busy for the past 5 hrs :(( 
Get to see two of my favorite people for easter !!! YAY !!! 
It was a beautiful day !!!! Take that squinty eyed weather forecaster dude !!!! BWAHAHAHAHA ! And what a day it was . Got to see all of my favorite people . Well ... not all of them . But it was pretty close ! 
THUNDERSTORMS I love em . 
google maps = best invention EVER 
Going through my Dads old albums . Too great . XD 
The saddest thing I ever did see Was a woodpecker peckin’ at a plastic tree . He looks at me , and “Friend , ” says he , “Things ain’t as sweet as they used to be . ” -SS 
I don't matter , and I like it that way . In the scheme of things I am nothing more than a grain of sand clinging stubbornly to the fabric of the universes thong bikini . Why then , if my life is so obviously unimportant , do I have to pretend to be something I'm not ? Why does it even matter who I am ? Why the fuck do I have to be medicated for people to accept me ? Even my own freaking family . Why ? 
Moving on with life . Determination is power . 
Of all forms of caution , caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness . - Bertrand < PROPFIRST > 
Political correctness is just tyranny with manners . ~ Charlton Heston 
Finished cleaning and am still in an insanely good mood --- without chemicals --- thank you very much world !!!!!! I am happy the way I am . So stick it up your ass . Ha ! 
So I officially suck at playing video games . < PROPMALE > came over and brought her ex-box ... Played Assasins Creed or something like that . The graphics were awesome but I was totally inept - I couldn't even figure out how to walk in a straight line . Then we switched to some WWII game and I couldn't figure out how to shoot . I did learn to jump though ... I was a heavily armed kid with ADHD who just found a pogo stick . 
intellectual masturbation : Fascinating intellectual breakthroughs regarding reality , language , existence , knowledge , perception , or human behavior which are completely unprovable and utterly without use , and therefore of no real consequence to anyone . See also : philosophy 
!!! writers block sucks !!! ( besides ... you'd think they could have at least given us our own town - or a street even . How are we all supposed to fit on one block ? ) 
If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me , I know that is poetry . - < PROPFEMALE > Dickinson 
I have the amazing ability to do something stupid and ruin even the best of days :/ 
An honest man is always a child - Socrates 
<3 
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take but by the number of moments that take your breath away 
Happy and Hopeful - my two adjectives for today . XD 
Weather forecast for tonight : dark . Continued dark overnight , with widely scattered light by morning . 
Time is that quality of nature which keeps events from happening all at once . Lately it doesn't seem to be working 
Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die , your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck . -GC 
So evidently my name is not < PROPFEMALE > ' < PROPFEMALE>' < PROPMALE > , but rather , < PROPFEMALE > ' Parcy ' < PROPMALE > . That's what my name cards say at least . . . lol 
The kiss originated when the first male reptile licked the first female reptile , implying in a subtle way that she was as succulent as the small reptile he had for dinner the night before . -F . < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald 
Love gives naught but itself and takes naught but from itself . \ 
Love possesses not nor would it be possessed ;\ 
For love is sufficient unto love . -Kahlil Gibran 
Spent the weekend with my little cousin < PROPMALE > <3 I got to see all of my family - it was wonderful . I didn't realize how much I miss them . 
How the fuck are you supposed to get ' previous experience ' when all the jobs require ' previous experience' ?!?! Do people just pop out of the womb tapdancing and ready to go ? No !!! We have to learn ! 
It is the < PROPFIRST > of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought \ 
without accepting it . \ 
- Aristotle 
Do no say , ' It is morning ' , and dismiss it with a name of yesterday . See it for the first time as a newborn child that has no name . ~ Rabindranath Tagore 
You can only be young once . But you can always be immature . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
We are an impossibility in an impossible universe . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Bradbury 
\What's on your mind ? \ " That's why I like facebook . It at least pretends to care what I think . XD " 
A grand day . XD maybe things are looking up ? 
You spin me right round baby ... 
I had to go to three stores to get em ... but I finally got my dum dums . longlasting lickable goodness - rootbeer flavor . Craving fulfilled . 
Familiarity breeds contempt - and children . ~ ~ Mark Twain 
Hey anybody and everybody ! Get your butts down to Old Fort and come by All About Outdoors this friday . Its our first day open ... should be fun XD 
Do not say , ' It is morning , ' and dismiss it with a name of yesterday . See it for the first time as a newborn child that has no name . ~ Rabindranath Tagore 
Bewildered by life sometimes . 
Hey ! I'll be sending out weekly/biweekly newsletters for the store . ( All About Outdoors ) It'll tell about local hikes , sales , and whatever else I can think of . If you're interested send me your email . If not .... well pooo . 
I think I am , therefore I am . . . I think . . . ~ George Carlin ( worlds greatest philosopher ) 
I am cold , but I can be warmed . I am confused , but I can find my way . I am flawed , but my flaws make me who I am . I am afraid , but all fears can be overcome . My emotions are turbulent , but I can learn to be independent of my environment . I am happy , because for the first time in my life , I see what I need to do , and I know that I can do it . 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HAPPY !!! 
< PROPMALE > is Science made clear 
Change is coming , and even though i am scared , I am ready . 
Does anyone have an old textbook for the ' success and study skills ' class ? Please ? The bookstore hates me . DX 
PUMPKIN PUDDING ( my first status update in months ... can you say anticlimactic ? can I spell anticlimactic ?.... ) 
Feeling loved - its such an amazing thing . I had forgotten what it was like . 
Thanks to all for the birthday wishes ! XD 
Had the best birthday ever . <3 
Mom and I got ourselves a belated b-day present : a stuffed dog that rolls around on the floor laughing insanely ( propelled by its adorable spinninng tail ) whenever someone walks by . I am infatuated <3 <3 <3 
Decorating the christmas tree ... I love christmas XD 
So glad to be home :) 
Made cranberry-oatmeal-walnut-pumpkin drop cookies . Soooooo many ingredients ... sooooo much yumminess . 
\ ... the Devil growing bored and having\ 
Just saw a 375 dollar dogbed - and it made me realize something . This country is fucking insane . I mean ... somewhere there is a retarded , inbred , and slightly homosexual poodle lying on a bed that costs about as much as a months rent . And you know what that little fuckers doing ? He's licking his balls and thinking about eating his own turds . That's what he's doing . 
Finally selling my \ < PROPMALE > work\ " ... haha .... < PROPMALE > . fiddlesticks . " 
CABIN FEVER 
Went hiking with my sister ... god how i'd missed her . 
The whole dream of democracy is to raise the proletarian to the level of stupidity attained by the bourgeois . \ 
- Gustave Flaubert 
I have made it to a point in life where I have made ( and continue making ) so many mistakes that I no longer feel the need to keep track of them all . It is a surprisingly good feeling 
Remembering lots of yesterdays ... hoping for tomorrows that will live up to their example 
Selling at the ArtsMart ths saturday ! Soooo excited ! 
