I hate , hate freaking hate being squashed flat by Maslow's Hierarchy . I always imagined it as a pyramid . Just my head and arms and legs are sticking out from under the base . 

And I cannot guess what we'll discover/ when we turn the dirt with our palms cupped like shovels/ but I know our filthy hands can wash one another’s/ and not one speck will remain . 
A soak and a frozen strawberry daiquiri . 
This weekend , < PROPMALE > is going to help me work on my Facebook stuff , lest ya all think I got nothin ' . i quit smoking 5 days ago smoking is the capitalization at the beginning of a sentence and the punctuation at the end without smoking my days seem like long 
Oh great . It's shark week . I'm feeling a sudden urge to climb back into my cage . 
Need . . . to . . . add . . . more . . . photos . . . < PROPFIRST > ( my youngest son ) and I drove up to Waterville today to see the world premier of the documentary \Tapped . \ " You can find your way to the website by Googling \ " Tapped the Movie . \ " It's totally worth c " 
is having way too much fun . 
is having a difficult time developing the writing habit , when on third shift all habits tend to disappear except bad ones . 
is working all kinds of OT , and turning herself into a zombie . Is happy though that zombies are experiencing a resurgence in popularity , and are not required to move very fast . Also , they always seem to catch up with people . Also , they keep going even 
also thinks that zombies pass away gradually and very , very , very slowly so that they are not aware that they have crossed over to the other side . Oh . 
quoting < PROPMALE > Lopate : \Literature is not a place for conformists . \"" 
is sad she is living with four males , and is the only one who knows how to change a toilet seat . She is thinking of going on strike . 
: it's a [ thick ] line between love and hate when one comforts oneself with chocolate . 
Today , I opened up my homepage to find that one friend had posted a link to The Patriot Post , a conservative journal , and another to The Socialist Worker website . I love them both . The thought of them being in the same room together ( MY LIVING ROOM ! ) , 
I SO have to go to sleep now . The more stressful the last sixteen hours or so , the more I procrastinate about going to bed . It's a salvage operation . 
Can't I just go home ? 
I get to go home in five hours and fifteen minutes . 
So . . . wouldn't that be negative . O2 seconds . I'm NEVER going to get to go home . 
Counting the minutes to my bed all night , and now I hear I'm the first up for a force . If this doesn't kill me , someone will want to by the end of first shift . 
If I can get a comp day tonight ( PLEASE ! PLEASE ! PLEASE ! PLEASE ! ) , I'm looking at a five day weekend . I wouldn't know what to do with myself . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . well , that's not true . :) 
I got me some new eyebrows . 
Paying a mountain of bills ; using Facebook for stress-breaks . Lots healthier than cigarettes . 
can eat for another month . She also hopes there will be drinking ( I'm not much of a lush but you never can tell ) and some being < PROPFEMALE > too . 
Virtual reality has its limitations . 
I just found out that < PROPMALE > Eggers co-wrote the screenplay for WHERE THE WILD THINGS ARE . Staking out my spot at the theater . I just hope I can make my popcorn last until October 16th . 
Worked on through my weekend , but third shift is nothin . ' Not only is it nothin , ' but I was able to tear off a big chunk of writing , probably more than I would have gotten done if I'd been home . I'm seriously on my way . 
Two more days of twelve days in a row , THEN ( yuck ) prepping house ( the most thorough cleaning EVER ) for professional flea extermination ( DIE MF ! ) on Monday . Have a whole crew of willing young men to help turn this place upside down - good chickens coming home to roost and eat pizza . < PROPFIRST > turns 21 Monday . Amazing . 
I have cleaners coming out of the closet ! :) 
One more week for the Creek , and then one for myself ! 
thinks being single is the bomb . When I stretch , my arms go out so wide that they wrap around the world twice ! 
Last night , my son's cat INSISTED that there was something lively under my air mattress . I couldn't convince him he was wrong , so I had to put him out of my room . This morning , I woke up on the floor ! 
really , really , really wants to go out on the Odyssey and spy on some whales . 
Finally ! The attic project is done ! Now for some fun ! Options : whale watching , jewelry making , painting , canoeing from Kennebunk to the ocean , good old grody rock and roll at < PROPMALE>'s on Saturday night . In the company of my good friend Jamilla . Labor Day celebrations . 
A whale watch AND lobster rolls on a tight , but accommodating budget . Responsibility rocks . 
Vacation over . It was a good one . Got lots done and had some fun . < PROPMALE > out with minkes , a basking shark , a leatherback turtle on Friday ; the ocean was full of life . Staycationed at Jamilla and < PROPMALE>'s . Painted , canoed , and caught Clubber < PROPFEMALE > at Ginos . I can't believe it's over so soon . Back to work tonight . 
ARGHHHH ! KNEW I wanted to put off that annual physical . Children : can you say mammogram , colonoscopy ( or spell it ? ) , bloodwork , bone density test , physical therapy ? The seventeen-year-old locked inside my brain thinks this is all way too premature . 
is sore . Took a sick day ( oh no ! ) , iced my neck and shoulder and watched movies this long weekend . Snap , crackle , pop . \The Remains of the Day\ " and \ " Les Miserables\ " - amazing films . " 
thinks melancholy is an interesting word . It's the perfect antidote to fully committing oneself to anything in the depression spectrum . 
wonders if we could have a more rational public discourse if the majority of us suddenly stopped believing we had good answers , and started asking some interesting questions ? 
Off to see nephew < PROPFIRST > for his birthday , and then to the Empire for < PROPFEMALE>'s Ghost CD release party . At least for tonight , life's a party ! 
I'm attending an event at five to nourish my literary soul . 
Had to scrape the first frost of the season off my windshield this morning ! 
My weekend is finally here ! Methinks I would like to take a nice drive to check out fall colors . Anybody free for a little road trip on Monday ? 
is compensating for < PROPMALE > striking out on his own ( a sad but neccessary event ) by turning his bedroom into a studio . I am so in the mood to paint , but I'm going to have to sell some work cheap in order to buy more suplies . . . 
Friends . :) 
Just dropped < PROPMALE > , and some of his things , off at his new apartment . :) :( 
is funky-schwaying . 
Went to physical therapy , and then for a walk at Fort < PROPMALE > , in a tie-dye t-shirt , jeans jacket , and pajama bottoms . At least ten tour buses poured out an endless procession of people wearing lots of perfume , cameras , and impractical shoes . I felt like a pirate and a Mainer . ARGGGHHHHH !!! 
Fox and I < PROPMALE > out at Fort < PROPMALE > this evening . Life . One morsel at a time . 
HAH ! HAH ! HAH ! HAH ! HAH ! HAH ! HAH ! HAH ! Schelduled for a colonoscopy on Monday , and I got home from work this morning and discovered my toilet isn't working ! 
FREEZING !!! Time to fire up the furnace . 
The beginning of a weekend is like an unwrapped present . 
HEY . . . ! There was a virus in that package ! 
A full tank of gas , ten dollars in my pocket , enough money for food until my next paycheck , no bills past due for another six days . :) 
If you smile at me , I will understand , cause that is something everybody , everywhere does in the same language . I can see by your coat my friend you're from the other side . There's just one thing I got to know . Can you tell me please ; who won ? 
wants to hear about Dead Man's Clothes in New Hampshire , and Clubber < PROPFEMALE > at < PROPMALE>'s . Anybody have any fun ? 
bought a brand spankin ' new , not Goodwill store jacket today . The first in years . What a treat ! 
VOTE NO ON 1 ! 
YES is driven by fear . NO is driven by love . I'm sorry that the voters in Maine even have to weigh in on this one . It should be taken off the table permanently ! 
Oh ! If only the woman who cut my hair had been wearing a Grim Reaper costume . 
Maine - the way life shoud be , but apparently it's not . 
ARGHHHHH ! Going back to work after a long and wonderful weekend ( an almostvacation ) . Missing a good show tonight . But I have an amazing life , and I am thankful . 
OK . Gotta go be responsible . 
went shopping today for 50th birthday decorations and artillary to stock my fortress . 
After tonight , one more night of work and then a three day weekend ! Having too much fun - I could get used to this . 
is looking at photos on Facebook and reminding herself how incredibly , incredibly lucky she is ( chest all swelled up with love ) . Remembering to buy batteries for her camera ' cause this is going to be a weekend for memories . 
Hanging out talking with < PROPMALE > and his housemates late into the night - heading over to see my mom to the airport on two and a half hours sleep . Family . Totally worth the deprivation . 
A big thank-you to Dead Man's Clothes for playing their first unplugged set at my sister's 50th birthday party . You guys were phenomenal ! 
Easier to think than feel . Easier to make it up than make it real . 
Getting by on four hours of sleep at a time - crazy weekend - thankful for kids who are exactly as they are . 
Happy Thanksgiving , everyone . Going to my gracious sister's house for turkey . Guess I'm the bachelor ; I'm in charge of stuff that doesn't need to be cooked . I LIKE it !!! 
Scrambled eggs and scrambled brains . Heap too much on your plate and it all starts to run together . 
It is 5:00 . My house is dark and everyone is sleeping . Are we vampires ? 
Just got back home from a bone scannin ' , boob squishin ' , < PROPMALE > payin ' , laundry doin ' , grocery shoppin ' kinda day . 
A perfect cluster@#$% storm this morning ! Nothing like an exploding toilet bubbling over all the way into the kitchen to turn a normally rational person into a raving lunatic when she has had twenty-four hours of no sleep with no D&D coffee overnight because the cup was covered in bleach and the coffee tastes like it too and all she wants to do is pee , eat a bagel , and go to bed . 
Breakfast at Q Street Diner , then shopping for Christmas tree lights . And I learned that Lady Lamb the < PROPFEMALE > Keeper is performing at the MECA Holiday Sale Friday night . I am so gonna go . 
This weekend is about turning an economically impossible holiday season into a beautiful , soulful one . 
A little vacay full of parties and some elf action . 
One trashed modem and five days later , finally got the hook-up . Nice photo < PROPMALE > ! 
Oh boy ! So far , I got a new toilet and heat for Christmas . That's awesome ! Life is good . 
My first post-Christmas weekend fantasy : new pajamas and sheets , one hell of a good book , a well-stocked fridge , and a paralyzing , can't-do-anything-but-hunker-down blizzard . 
Wow . 
To the Goodwill store with Christmas money , then taking myself out to < PROPMALE>'s Pond Cinama for a show . Going solo . Apparently the story of my life ! lol 
The movie , It's Complicated , was hilarious and delightful , and I payed $7.99 at Goodwill for an original watercolor - found the artist online , < PROPFIRST > Bonamart - and his work is highly collectable and sells for four figures . Nice ! 
Missing people is better than not having people to miss . 
Lots of people I know going through tough times right now . Sometimes not a lot you can do except offer your unconditional support , and hold them in your heart and your mind . 
A really good cleaning out of the refrigerator requires intestinal fortitude . 
Strategy first , then strap on the shield and dagger . 
There is so much good in the worst of us , and so much bad in the best of us , that it behooves all of us not to talk about the rest of us . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > STEVENSON 
Every day we face a barrage of contradictory information and emotion . It is our great task to stand and then walk in the balance . The only other option is to fall . 
Off to do laundry , then a nap , then work . Happy New Year to everyone . Hope it's a good one . Be safe and < PROPFEMALE > . 
She told me she worked in the morning and started to laugh . I told her I didn't and crawled off to sleep in the bath . 
And then my kids and a movie and a pina colada . Not really a drinker folks , but after this week , I'm thinking about picking up a new hobby . 
Here's a New Year's < PROPFEMALE > story : He ( who may wish to remain anonymous ) was on barf and bathroom duty at a local music venue . He kicked everyone out of the women's bathroom , donned rubber gloves , and dove into the toilets which were totally clogged ( best left to the imagination or maybe not ) , and was holding fistfulls of @#$%& when the ten second countdown began . 
Sleepinfoggin . 
Yay !!! < PROPFIRST > has an opportunity to go snowboarding for this first time this Monday , but I'm concerned because temperatures are going to take a dive , and he doesn't have the right clothing . Does anyone have any outerwear they could donate or < PROPFEMALE > , especially pants ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Woods Fernald is a goddess ! 
Beige . 
Gray . 
My brain shall again be all mine ( AKA nice , long weekend) ! 
\We are stardust ( billion year old carbon ) We are < PROPFEMALE > ( caught in the devil's bargain ) . And we got to get ourselves back to the garden . \"" 
New yearsing the apartment ( me want SPACE ! ) . 
A well-appointed home is one with a hammer in every room . 
Comp !!! I shall spend the rest of the night pretending to be a domestic goddess ! 
OK . Feeling incredibly lazy . Been sneaking up on my workout and poking it with a long fork . It will not move ! Guess it's time to jump on that sucker and give it a good hard kick . 
I licked a birdbath in a elevator because I'm sexy and I do what I want . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is mighty with the shovel ! 
It would seem that fortune has changed its course and many souls , with whom I share love , are now moving in a more benevolent direction . 
is backwards and sideways and inside out . 
My writers ' group exceeded my expectations ! 
Uh oh . Except for essentially a couple of hours , I've been awake for the last thirty . And I'm not tired . It's kinda like walking on train tracks . 
Writing prompt : Write two pages about a time you killed something by accident . The rum is going to have to come out of the freezer . 
Groceries , safety glasses , and welding gloves . 
Sqeezin ' the last of the juice outta my weekend , instead of takin ' a nap . I'll be sorry at 5AM , but it's worth it ! 
Sometimes life has that < PROPFIRST > Lynchy flavor . 
< PROPMALE > Warman : Please put this on your status if you or someone you know is gay . A wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease . People who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS .... 93% won't Copy and Paste this . Will you make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Hmph . 
It's hard to maintain a good melancholy when your partner at work makes you laugh so hard you have to tuck your kness up under your < PROPFEMALE > and spin your chair in circles in order to keep from pissing your pants . 
Everything in life is somewhere else , and you get there in a car . ~ E.B. White , One Man's Meat , 1943 
I don't even like old cars . I'd rather have a goddam horse . A horse is at least human , for God's sake . J . D . Salinger 
If I was a camel , I would just now be dragging the rest of my ass end through the eye of a needle . 
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight , and his punishment is that he sees the < PROPFEMALE > before the rest of the world . < PROPFIRST > WILDE 
Slowly by slowly , inch by inch . 
is a little mortified about being this exhausted . 
YAY !!! Comp time seems more fitting then sick time ( guilt free night off ! ) for just plain freakin ' exhausted and lethargic , so it's movie and pajama time and lotsa lotsa sleep . Not sure if I'm feeling sick because I'm tired or tired because I'm sick . 
That was a nasty little bug ! 
Dad is in the hospital again , perhaps with something new and very serious . Dialysis today , and then an MRI . 
Saw the father this morning - much more comfortable . Doctors are consulting with the infectious disease specialist because there's still some concern there may be a pocket of infection between the vertebrae that the MRI can't detect , but things are looking up . 
DAD UPDATE : The infectious disease team gave him two options : a dangerous surgical procedure or a six week regiment of antibiotics fed intravenously at dialysis . I picked him up from the hospital tonight , and in the morning will take him to get a script and then on to dialysis . He is in good spirits and happy to be home . 
Blind man running through the light of the night with an answer in his hand . Come on down to the river of sight and you can really understand . 
High energy night . Got a bunch of things knocked out of the way - now off to work ! 
Oh ! You almost knocked over your alcohol with your knife . 
Still waiting for the fog to lift . 
can't wait ' til the peepers announce the official arrival of Spring . 
< PROPFIRST > party shopping list : champagne , cheese , crackers , AA batteries , and panty hose . Can't remember the last time I wore a dress . 
Day twelve : antibiotics blow ! 
Always feels good to get that first day of the work week knocked out of the way . Tomorrow , it's all about the hump . 
Whatever is done for love always occurs beyond good and evil . Friedrich Nietzsche 
is in dire straights , riding out a perfect storm of circumstance and coincidence . 
My answer to two weeks of wackedness and ennui is a hefty to-do list . 
Just went upstairs and checked out the flat tires on my bicycle which is already more than I did with it last year . Spring fever ! 
Third into first shift overtime - five hours of sleep now through this beautiful day - then back at it tonight . No complaints though - got what I needed . And I saw purple crocuses . 
is in marvelousness . 
After overtime Saturday , and an awesomely social Sunday with lovely family , good friends , and good food , ( and Sex on the Beach ! ) , the sleep deprivation monster wrestled me to my bed , sunk his filthy teeth into my shoulder , and NOW I AM A ZOMBIE ! Or should I say \nhggg ah mggg uhgg szzzumbuugggg ! \ " ( Cause - um - zombies have - um - speech impediments . ) " 
Living in the zone right now with one notable exception . 
A Spring thing : hemp ankle bracelets with charms , a pedicure , and like-new $89.00 Birkenstock Papillio sandals from the Salvation Army . Total tab : $5.99 . Score . 
On < PROPMALE>'s profile page : Drag the lake , you'll find it full of love . 
Here's to a long , hot , just-enough-rain-to-keep-everything-healthy-and-green summer ( at night , while we're sleeping ) . 
UGGGHHHH ! Can't sleep . Gonna be a long , long night . 
The sandman buried me right up to my neck . Paralyzed for 12 hours . 
Love is always the only way out . 
Holy hydroplane ! 
Have to dig up my birth certificate to take to the DMV to renew my driver's license . Problem is , the older I get , the deeper I bury it ! 
Comp last night . Vacation day today . Gave myself an extra weekend . Surprise ! 4:26 AM . Making a lemon jello cake . 
A big THANK-YOU to everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes . I had a very fine day - lovely weather - couldn't have been nicer . 
I am thankful for miserable bastards . No matter how rough things get , I can pause , take a moment , and remind myself that at the very least , I am not THAT ass-hole ! 
Thank-you < PROPFIRST > and Nate for a stupendously perfect overtime shift . Four hours down and back at it again . 
Forced today . Sleep deprivation marathon . 
Happy Easter everybody ! Finally home . Wiping the grime outa my eyes , and heading over to my lovely sister's for some fine family time . 
It is really not OK to forget about those Hershey's Kisses you stuffed into the front pocket of your jeans . 
What greater thing is there for human souls than to feel that they are joined for life - to be with each other in silent unspeakable memories . -- < PROPFIRST > Eliot 
Thank-you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and Jya for the most perfect day and for being exactly who you are . I am blessed . 
A thousand flowers could bloom . 
Think last weekend's marathon is finally catching up with me - dragging butt the last couple of days - but still , I could not ask for more . Right now , my heart and my wallet are full . 
Tonight : unarmed self-defense . Friday : with < PROPFIRST > to the Portland < PROPMALE > Museum . Sunday : the Desires at < PROPFIRST > Baru's . And Zeitoun . 
\He wants the precious . Always he is looking for it . And the precious is wanting to go back to him ... But we mustn't let him have it . \"" 
Last night was just right . 
I now have to unplug my refrigerator so my microwave doesn't foul the circuit-breaker . Beautiful . Gotta love paying over a grand a month for third-world wiring . 
needs some hugs . 
Post dentist appoinment with Valium : fell asleep for a nanosecond on the couch ; had a microsleep dream of pants made of steak . 
Day Eight : I think I finally prevailed over that ugly stranger who was determined to take over my mind and body , brushed off the gravel , washed off the blood , stitched up the holes , and walked away a non-smoker . 
“Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder” Kinky Friedman 
I AM going to wear my Tinker < PROPFEMALE > shirt to work tonight . 
There is no freedom like seeing myself as I am and not losing heart . < PROPFEMALE > J . CANHAM 
“I am open to the guidance of synchronicity , and do not let expectations hinder my path . ” Dalai Lama 
Working out to Moby - lift me up , lift me up oh la la la la ! 
OMG . My heart IS an idiot . I thank you < PROPFIRST > for a most timely and synchronistic metaphor . 
It's pretty wow out there . 
Synchronicity invites - but does not bend easily into - interpretive forms . It is an exuberant and sometimes messy traveling companion , an angel , a messenger , who cloaks our souls in compassion , love , and acceptance . 
Luna-ticking . 
Sleep is only coming three hours at a time ! Hopefully I'm down for eight tomorrow , or I am in some serious trouble . 
Happy Mother's Day to my mom friends ! We all share an incredible bond . 
Time to roll up my sleeves and get on with it . 
Two more vampiric nights , then I shall make my way back to the land of the living . 
I have never , ever had such a nasty virus with such impeccable timing . Sucks to be sick , but dosesn't hurt to slow things down going to my new schedule . Home from work early , The Deadliest Catch ( awesome to go to sleep by ) , a roll of toilet paper ( because I don't have tissues ) , and bed . 
No !!! Red's Dairy Freeze burned last night ? Fire and ice cream just don't go together . 
Ha ha ! California rolls , creamy tomato < PROPMALE > soup , hard mango punch , < PROPFEMALE>'s Ghost , < PROPMALE > Atwood , dancing , and a documentary on The Dark Ages . Life is good . 
Someone called in the middle of the night to tell me the Beatles would be arriving at my front door in two minutes . Considering that < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are no longer with us , it's probably a good thing that I woke up before they got here . 
There may be bugs on the windshield of your mind that you will never be able to squeegie . 
Hiding out in the kitchen while < PROPFIRST > graciously humors a couple of young Mormons . 
< PROPFEMALE > and beer ?! Well maybe . . . with a BIGASS bonfire ( twelve feet high - a whole third of a tree as a tent , and sparks which reach to the < PROPFEMALE > and burn holes in my sweatshirt , but I keep\ 
throwing on kindling , pyro that I am ) and two abandoned silos and mounds of crap from\ 
long dead cows . and meat and veggies on\ 
the grill and people with guitars and a harmonica , the rhythm slapped on my knees in the dark . 
If I could kick the ass of seizures , there would be blood . 
My work day was like pulling teeth , and tomorrow morning before I go to work I get teeth pulled . Stinking metaphors ! 
Home . Dark . Soup . Tylenol 3 . 
shhhhh ( im thinking if i quietly sneak up on my weekend , it won't run away so fast ) . 
My first weekend night and I hardly know what to do with myself . . . too many - and then again - not enough options . 
< PROPMALE > day outside . Watercolors , pencils , Pitt < PROPMALE > pens . It's like treasure hunting ; you never know what you'll come home with . 
Weekend was a nice balance between energy and inertia , although I wish I could go into hyperspeed and knock that to-do monkey off my back . 
Being a force for light in this world is the ultimate form of rebellion . 
At least work is challenging , fast paced , and social . Weekends ( especially broke ones like this ) are becoming just one more thing to get through . 
Third shift overtime tonight . Holiday and OT on my next check . Think I see some light at the end of the tunnel . 
Sitting by my kitchen window listening to the fog horn at Portland Head Light . 
On third third shift OT last night , watched the radar all morning ( strangely fascinating ) , and KNEW that little red sucker was going to explode just as I made the dash for my car ! LMAO ! Clean car ! 
Too much work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy . 
I don't think I could manage to get myself focused today even if my name was Nikon . 
Had an amazing day at work . Somtimes I really love my job . 
My aching back flat against the floor , my legs propped up on a couch . The laptop keyboard rests on my stomach at a perfect < PROPFEMALE > against my thighs . Working on union minutes and other interesting stuff . Comfortably awesome . 
“If it is true that there are as many minds as there are heads , then there are as many kinds of love as there are hearts . ” < PROPFIRST > Nikolaevich Tolstoy 
Needs a reset button . I think it's called a nap . 
Whew ! Glad my weekend is over - feels like I've finished a mental marathon . The next two are mine . Mine , mine , mine ! 
is flat out like a pancake but , hey , it's better than being toast . 
had a lovely beach day . 
Slightly traumatized . Extremely pissed . In a rather . Focused . Way . 
The beginning of vacation : grocery shopping and laundry . But one can only delay gratification for so long . . . 
Down to Portsmouth to paint an office with < PROPMALE > and Jamilla . 
More painting tomorrow = a girlie day in the bank : a facial , a haircut with a real stylist , and maybe even a pedicure . 
Off to Boston in the morning . Nighty-night . 
Just a little too much sun today is way better than a summer of not enough ! 
Realized today how much I love playing on Facebook while tackling the to-do list , organizing , and paying bills - takes a bit of the sting out of drudgery . 
Too much . 
< PROPMALE > is good company , and a very fine traveling companion . 
Thinking the minutes will be a whole lot more fun if I knock off some beach first . :) 
There is an advantage to the perception that time speeds up as I get older : once I knock off that first day of my work week , I feel like I'm barreling down on another weekend ! 
1 gravely ill family member who continues to develop complications + 1 Mom recovering from abdominal surgery , who is going in for a CAT scan this afternoon + 1 Dad , retrieved from Maine Medical Emergency after work last night , who is clearly psychotic , and claims to have been assaulted by a SP police detective = 11:55 AM PTSD episode while stoically folding my laundry . 
Wow . More stuff . But we're all hangin ' in there . 
On Recommended Pages : \Victoria's Secret . Many who like \ " Where the Wild Things Are\ " like this . \ " What !!!? ;) " 
A soulmate is someone who has locks that fit our keys , and keys to fit our locks . < PROPFIRST > BACH 
Woke up to find my little cat friend has shoved my well organized ( finally ! ) paperwork off my desk and scattered it all over the floor . :) Way to go , < PROPMALE > ! 
On the way back from the beach : a purple plastic frog stuck under my wiper , and I love driving a standard in bare feet . 
Today : the beach , First Friday , after party at Slainte . Looking for company . Tomorrow : union minutes and cat washing . 
is having a satisfying , eventful , productive , social , just right weekend . 
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore . < PROPFIRST > GIDE 
Wow . Running with the wolves . 
My friend Jamilla is spoiling me this weekend : a facial , pedicure , haircut , lobster , and a plein air painting expedition . Too much ! :) 
is overdone . 
Sometimes the difference between ho hum and sublime is where you choose to throw down your beach towel . 
If they can get you asking the wrong questions , they don't have to worry about answers . \ 
~ Thomas Pynchon 
My kid has staples in his head , but the cat scan says no fractures . :( Now I gotta try and go to sleep . 
Heading out to Fort < PROPMALE > in a few . . . 
Hello ; sweet , delicious sleeping weather . 
The early bird gets the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese . < PROPFIRST > WRIGHT 
Cloudy , with a < PROPMALE > of unpleasant surprises . 
Had an AWESOME weekend wrestling with furniture ( I am the man ! ) and lightening my load . Now for a pastry and some Netflix ! 
Tying up loose ends this morning , four day work week , then down to Mass on Thursday . Pretty little ducks , all in a row . 
Today's suck factor hovered right around 8.5 . NOTE : it is highly inappropriate to assign a suck factor to things like hurricanes , beatings , and large objects falling out of the sky . 
hmmmm . . . 
\Neurosis is the inability to tolerate ambiguity . \ " Sigmund Freud " 
Good morning ! Up at 5:30 AM on my day off . Guess I'm taking care of business . 
Thankful for third shift overtime both Friday and Saturday night . 
Oh my freakin ' word ! Thank god my weekend is here ! 
Spoiled in ( nearly almost ) every single way . 
The future which we hold in trust for our own children will be shaped by our fairness to other people's children . < PROPFEMALE > Wright Edelman 
it's a p&j and mac&cheese kinda night 
Dealing directly with the what is is the only way to get to the what should be . 
Useless Superpower #27 : The ability to goad otherwise peace loving citizens into violent rages . 
Going down to Brooklyn Saturday for the CMJ Music Festival . Very , very excited ! 
Oh , how I long for the simplicity of a dichotomous world , where everything is divided up into black and white , virtuous and evil , us and them . Ignorance could be so blissful . Way too many shades of gray . 
Today : the whole family ; Mom here from Michigan ; lobster ; Zenyatta . 
My whole house was swaying last night . Scariest wind ever ! 
A mound of laundry on about three hours of sleep looks like Mount Washington . 
Woo hoo ! Third shift overtime tonight ! Worked out my budget , and I shall be able to go Christmas shopping this year . Very , very thankful . 
Clouds AGAIN ??? 
Happy Thanksgiving , everyone . Hope your day is filled with love , friends , family , good conversation , laughter , and abundant feasting . 
Another music event to attend tonight ! < PROPMALE > is playing bass with Clubber < PROPFEMALE > at their CD release party . I am so thankful to be tapped into the Portland music scene . 
How did I almost forget this is a dress-down day ? Yay ! It's kinda like only half going to work ! 
Wow . I have a great life . 
Straight out on nicotine deprivation OCD stuckedness OCD stuckedness OCD stuckedness . 
What the . . . ?!!! There's white crap all over the ground ! Oh yeah . It's December . 
It's true that one small candle can dispel the darkness of an entire room , but its folly to believe it will burn indefinitely . 
DRAZZILBASTI ! 
\Work is the refuge of people who have nothing better to do . ” < PROPFIRST > Wilde " 
Bad Winter Haiku :\ 
No warmth in this house . \ 
My apartment is freezing . \ 
Must light the pilot . 
DONE ! 
This morning : important conversation with a dear friend , chopped an adjustment into a mediocre haircut , switched to night shift , fired my dentist ; now off to the book store . 
is in a state of wondrous strange synchronization . 
Fffffffffffffffffffghptf ! 
I think I like this . 
Up to < PROPFEMALE > tonight , work . then sweet respite . 
Gotta love it when life hands me a slice so thickly stacked with absurdity , that even I can't open up wide enough to choke it down . ;-) 
A little white trashy : heading out to the laundromat unshowered with my clothes stuffed into Savalot bags . 
YOU . . . are on my mind . 
Getting ready to take a little trip down to Baltimore this weekend for Battleground Communicators Training ! 
Thank-you , everyone , for the Happy Birthday wishes . Thanks too to Dead Man's Clothes for that impromptu birthday riff live on WMPG ! 
