Hi everyone how r u ??? 

Rockfest was awesome :) Almost every band that played kicked ass . The only band i didn't like was Shinedown . The only good song they played was sound of madness . The rest of the bands where good though . Drowning Pool did a cover of cowboys from hell by Pantera that was absolutely perfect , and Godsmack was amazing . I'd love to see them in concert again . Well i hope everyone that went enjoyed it as much as i did . 
Here's my schedule . tell me if we have any classes together :) \ 
< PROPMALE > 2 : McFeron\ 
IntAlg3B : Crutchfield\ 
Orchestra : Freshner\ 
English : Wegner\ 
Mod World History : Marano\ 
Chemistry : Brown 
Not going to school today . feel like crap :/ 
I never realized how good of a guitarist < PROPFIRST > Rhodes was until today . diary if a madman is a LOT harder to learn on guitar then I though it was gonna be x ) 
Wow . Washington actually did something good x ) thank you washington and your inability to have normal weather :) 
Bleh , I'm freakin bored . somebody txt/message me :) 
Gonna watch due date with the fam :) 
Bleh , feel like crap . think I'm getting sick again D: lamesauce 
Don't you just love when you keep waking up throughout the night and wake up in coughing fits ??? Well that was my night :/ 
goin to my grandmas for the weekend . txt me if you have my number :) if you don't have it , ask for it :p 
Gah , I have WAY too much homework :/ 
I just realized < PROPFIRST > Tosh is in the love guru xD 
Band practice was amazing :) got a couple of our songs completely finished . they're pretty darn good :) lol 
Have no plans for the weekend , bleh :/ 
Goin to my bros wrestling banquet in a little bit :) 
Band practice ? I think yes :) 
I now hate Mr. Freshner and his scheduling . It's WAY to early to get up for a concert . 
Whatchin the jungle book :D haven't watched this since I was like 6 . Such a good movie :) 
Orchestra concert tonight :D yay ! 
gonna go camping in a lil bit :) 
back from camping . had a good time :) txt me 
