hello my name is < PROPFIRST > huggins and i am a .......... wait wrong place . whats up ??????????? 

i wanna know why i ask people to be my friend and only a few accepted . Man let me figure this place out and see whats up . 
whit u are retardeder 
sorry i didnt mean to put my pics here . i just trying to put them in my profile 
to all moms out there i hope u had a special day . 
Hey everyone I will have some fresh all natural organic veggies and fruit this summer . True organics not no lie . True living organics is the style . Sustainable farming . Feed the earth and in return let her feed your plants and animals . This was practiced once long ago . But greed took its course . 
Request organic and natural food from your grocery stores . Lets fight back for what is natural ours . Leave it to the politicans and you might as well pull your on trigger . 
i got to go back to work tomorrow . Would anyone like to go for me ? 
I would like to know why a person gets in trouble they feel the need to tell on the next man to get them selves out of trouble . I do not like snitches no one put a gun to your head and told u to do it . You did it on your own take it like a man . Stop snitching !!!!!!! Snitches beware !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SNITCH ALERT < PROPMALE > Fullerton is a snitch SNITCH ALERT < PROPMALE > fulletton is a snitch 
got two in school now . man it was heartbreaking . Tater ( Kaleb ) started kindergarden and < PROPMALE > went to the second grade . I am so proud of them . < PROPFEMALE > cried worse than anyone she was pushing kids out the way to leave so Tater wouldnt see her cry . 
got one left to start and man when my lil girl goes i am gone break down like a women . I love my kids . 
everyone i need some serious people to get involved with me on getting medical marijuana in this state . this is no joke and is something that is very much needed . alot of people are suffering and could us this for relief . 
I have a couple friends close to my heart who suffer everyday with a illness that cant be cured and the medicine for it is straight poision which really doesnt work . Please no childish crap need only serious people willing to fight for something . I plan on having a meeting in a couple weeks to begin starting a compassion group which will strickly be volunteer . 
U can send me a message on here or call me or email me at ninemiles45@yahoo.com . There will be no illegal activity going on in any way and if anyone tries to do illegal activities will b aske to leave the group . North < PROPFEMALE > is working on getting it so its time we try . 
taking order for shirts . they are for < PROPFEMALE > . 20 bucks a piece . they are grey shirts with \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Compassion Club on the front in green . Just send me a message or email or call me . Thank u for your support . 
still taking shirt orders . still taking shirt orders . proceeds going to help a family out whose house burnt down sunday . His name is Mook and his mom and three kids are out a home and everything they own . I need peoples help . 
update on meeting it may be postponed since no one wants to let me rent out there property for this purpose . Still looking and will keep everyone updated . 
