ohhh new years lol ... 

lol ... my stripper name is < PROPFEMALE > .... ?? haha 
\Medically speaking- you're adorable . And from what I hear you're quite affordable ... \"" 
chem regents up next ... oh lordy ... someone say a prayer for me , cuz this is not gonna be pretty . 
\Sometimes obsession's not enough ... \ " Get the hint . Seriously . Nothings gonna happen . " 
passed the chem regents , bitches !!! and i got most improved ... corvette , here i come !! 
going to darien lake for the concert woot .... 
needs another job !!! doubledays and the corner dont pay enough !!! 
new hair .... lovin it !! for once !! and the week of groundage is almost done , whooo ! :) 
its hottttttt ...... pool , here i come !! 
yeah , i am such a selfish bitch . so right . not dealing with being treated like shit is such a selfish thing for me to do . how do i ever live with myself ... 
nomnomnom .... toaster strudels ... 
Paranormal Activity !!!!!!!!!!! 
omggggg breakkkkk !!!!! awesome !!!!!! 
i gotta laptop !!!!!!!!! spleeeeee !!!!!!!!!! 
gotta love winter break :D 
wowww ... sooo lost my phone at carousel yesterday ... then someone took it and started calling and texting people from it . my sister did some hardcore investigating and found out who had it . She finally got ahold of the person and they tried denying . After some threatening to call the police they decided to give it back . WTF is wrong with people ?!?! 
sooooo ... got my phone back . douche deleted everyyyyything . luckily verizon was able to retrieve all my contacts cuz i had like almost 200 .... but now im gonna have to get my number changed cuz the people he called and texted are calling and texting me and i DONT like it ..... ughhhh i haaate people ... 
yuppp .. gotta new number . ughhh . whateverrrr . people are retarded . yeah , lets steal someones cell phone , cuz thats COOL !! NOTTT !!! 
loooove it when you dont have a suit for gym , teachers try making you wear dirty ones , you get ISS and lunch detention , then dont get to go to rehearsal cuz of it . awesomeeee . except not . not at all . 
blahhhhhh . gonna be a lame day . 
muuuch better day :) 
yo , what time is it ?! lets check the < PROPMALE > miliclockis .... ahhh yeah son ... ahhh yeahh ... 
thank god its friday !! last day of swim ... the weekend ... and i get cake tonight ! awesome ! 
boringgg day til tonight , working 5- 9:30 . first time in a few weeks , yay ! haha how sad . 
damnnn ... just accidentally deleted a photo album ... im so smart haha ... now ill have to add em all again tomorrow . rawrrr ... 
go me and < PROPFEMALE > for kicking asssss today on our gov't final ! yeahhh we got a 95 !! beee jealousss 
dear whoever-determines-if-we-have-snow-days : i hate you . 
whyyy does sunday have to come sooo early ?? :[ 
school . then rehearsal . then phone-athon . then picking up < PROPMALE > . then bed . such a chill day . 
BIRTHDAYYY !! <3 
won $10 at the casino ... wow . starting to wonder if i really am < PROPFEMALE > after all ..... anyways , thanks everyone for the happy birthdays (: best birthday i've had yet . fun day tomorrow ! 
love my tattoo !!! happiest girl now hehe .... now to buy a lottery ticket tomorrow and i will have completed my list of \now i'm 18\ " musts . whoo ! :D " 
still havent bought my lottery ticket :( i guess my memory has gotten no better with getting older lol . defffffinately wishing this week was already over though . 
chillinnnn . 
valentines day <3 looove youuu 
breakkk . looovin it . no more rehearsal , working ... nothin . just chillin til school starts . 
8 MONTHS !!! loveyoubaby . <3 
backkk tooo schoool .... deff did nottt miss this . 
gotta loooove snowdays (: popcorn ... video games ... movies ... sleep ... this is the life . 
lovelovelove 4 day weekends haha . just chillin , watching what not to wear/say yes to the dress ( lol ) and waiting for him to get outta work ... then just chilling with him again <3 
just got home from 7:45 - 2:30 practice ... i survived haha ... now to shower and leave to be at work , 5- 9:30 . i love overly busy days . 
no work today ! just relaxxin (: laying down listening to pandora ... nighty night , world . 
bahahahaha ... that show < PROPFIRST > the entertainer in a basement affair ?? its sponsored by joes CRAB shack !!! how frickin appropriate !!!!! . . . omg . why am i watching this :: apparently i have noooo life . 
musical starts thursday !! we've worked hard ... its gonna be awesome . 
Today ! Tomorrow ! The Next Day ! All Done . 
all done :( gotta say ... it went amazing . congrats to the cast and crew ... it was a good time :) 
I ' M NOT AFRAID TO POST THIS : PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone , are someone ( or are related to Someone ) who is gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease : people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE .... 93% won't Copy and Paste this 
mondays + me = not best friends . thank god its only a 4 day week !! 
i love being scared awake by my alarm every morning . nothing like a heart attack to start my day . 
We draw the line at being in your life . Here's to the man of the hour . We'll cast our problems aside . Cheers to your future , may they bury you alive . -- adtr -- 
\They used to tell me ' You got to choose a side . ' Now it's four years later and they beg for advice . Don't trust the critic ; he's a cynic . Make the call for yourself . This is my 10-step course to not be like everyone else \"" 
9 months . <3 
highlight of my night :: i sneezed on < PROPFIRST > . in the facial area . he fell off the bed , knocking over the popcorn bowl and knocking over a mountain of empty soda bottles . made a huge thump . upset the dogs downstairs , making them bark . his mom yelled , wondering what happened . meanwhile , i almost peed my pants laughing . it was magical . :D 
fridayyyy !!! 
At this rate , I'll be heading for electric chairs . I'm only human with my cross to bear ... 
All you did was save my life , Pulled me out of that flat line , Put the heartbeat back inside ... I'm not dying . All you did was get me through , I owe every breath to you , Heart and soul unparalyzed , All you did was save my life . <3 sdcp <3 
so far i have spent this lovely day inside , tearing apart my room , doing a hardcore clean . booooo .... but i love the weather !!!! 
had an awesome morning , went to an egg hunt with dad and the boys ... now getting ready for work . such a shame to be working when its soooo nice out > : l 
first easter <3 church with marks family then off to my dads for some foooood . happy easter !! 
had an awesome long weekend <3 too bad mondays have to wreck everything . 
getting my hair cut on saturday ... trying to decide what color to dye it ... help !! hehe 
senioritis in full swing ... gahhh ... i hate school 
my stupid cat ran away for a little while a few days ago , then came back . now hes randomly limping . he went to the vet and he may have an infection or something , and he got bit on his head :( my poor < PROPFEMALE > . as mean as he is i still wuv him to death :'( 
haircut at 11 ! then hanging out until work at 5 . boo work but yayy haircut !! (: 
new hairrr ! feels sooo diff but im getting used to it .... work 1-5 then meeting 6-8 ... got a full week then ARIZONA , BABY with rls . <3 
fridayfridayfridayfridayfriday !!!!!! 
spending my day packing , hanging out with < PROPFIRST > then going to rebeccas . Arizona tomorrow !!! 
Our house is awesome . The weather is amazing . I like arizona . But i miss my baby :( * 10 months * 
< PROPFEMALE > sprayed herself with man spray ... It smells terrible . We cant afford anything while shopping . We ate cheesecake . Even though i cant breathe , i like this . 
I could definately live on the side of a < PROPMALE > . Inside a little cave . With a ladder . Yes please . 
Tlaquepaque . Real place . Small bathrooms . Nice view . I want a hot dog . I should stop making up songs about hot dogs ... But dont see that happening . I like this . 
On the way home ... Trying to get food quick wasnt a good idea . Nothing like sprinting through airport . What a great way to end a great vacation ... Almost there . 
home home home . getting ready for bed . i need to catch up on my sleep ... time differences are not my friend . 
no work tonight !! waiting for my chicken to finish cooking . i am such a good girl . watchin tyraaa obviouslyy . maybe a nap ? sounds gooood . 
painted my nails and made popcorn ... then licked my fingers and tasted all the nail polish remover . a whole glass of water can't make that taste go away . ughhh why do i never think before i do things ?! 
home from school . tyraaa ?? i think yes . waiting to see if have to work . otherwise , doing 7 loads of laundry ... i need to start keeping up on that ... :/ 
I've got these memories , they're all of you and me . I've been recording them ever since I was seventeen . Push playback then rewind ; I see us meeting for the very first time ... <3 
lets see .... perfect score on my nyssma ( for the first ... and last ... time ) , ate dinner at cheeburger cheeburger ( yes , its a real place ) , and watched mirrors ( which was actually good . in my opinion . ) yepp ... had a good day . <3 <3 
theres something on my roof ... i can hear it scratching through my ceiling ....... ?? 
shes got a halo around her finger , around you . 
Nothing like the sun to keep you from stumbling in the dark . Thought out once or twice , you figure out where you gotta start , All the scars have filled my heart with pain ; here you are just to wash it all away and you set me free ... <3 11months 
Gavins big banana . Finding Viega on the fairy-go-round . Fried dough and dippin dots . Running around . Rain . White shirts . Bestfrans . Good times . Ilovedarienlake . 
Every dollar counts\ 
And every morning hurts\ 
We mostly work to live\ 
Until we live to work 
i worked . i went to wegmans . i ate a sub . i went minigolfing . i met < PROPFIRST>'s friend . i bought ice . i went to the drive ins for 6 hours . and now im going to bed . goooodnightttt worlddd . 
mmm ... sunshine . pool , here i come ! 
Darling , you look dashing . You see the flashing , you walk on by . So depressed & modeling a pink dress . Diamonds from your neck won't fly that high . 
laying down . thinking . i love when i've apparently done something wrong ... again ... but i have no idea what it is . its awesome . and i guess it's on me to fix it ... again . i love being the only one who seems to care . cooool . gooooodnighttt worldddd . 
mmm ... snack time and < PROPFEMALE > reruns . then maybe seeing my grammy in the hospital and then going to court :( boo getting a ticket for not having your inspection . dislike . 
ahhh , no school for me ! had to stay at home late to put < PROPMALE > on the bus , then placement test at 10 ! schools so pointless now anyways . 
we're good and im happy ... :D eating lemon sorbet and letting the fan coool meeee downnn . hopefully no work . fingers crossed !! 
nooo worrkkkk , just a meeting later at 6 . cleaning out marks dirty car and finishing my english powerpoint .... pray for me . 
Hotdogs . Fries . Ice cream . Lemonade . Sunshine . Last monday of highschool ever . Flip flops . Ice pops . ....... i <3 summer . 
Dear Lady Gaga :\ 
really ? reallllyyyyy ??? you couldnt make a normal video for once ? i loved that < PROPMALE > song . now , when i hear it , i'll be thinking of that creepy video . i love you , but you make it hard for me to stand up for you . please dont do this to me anymore . \ 
Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
the last day of high school ..... ever . wow . i cant believe its finally over . all those years of work , of making friends and losing friends , and all those terrible gym classes .... i'm almost sorry i took them for granted . well , maybe not the gym classes . those sucked . i just cant believe its over . 
soooo ..... muuuuch .... sunburnnnnn . 
1 year anniversary !! i love you !! <3 <3 
So ... American Idol auditions in August . Any suggestions on what i should sing ?! HELP ! 
this girl is graduating !!! 
<3 graduation party ! <3 text me if you need directions . 
graduation party was great ! thanks to everyone for coming , and bigger thanks to my sister for hosting my \little shindig . \ " :) " 
ECLIPSE !! with the girlsss . <3 <3 
goodbye world !! camping for the next 10 days :) 
Everybody loves a < PROPFEMALE > * 
WARPED TOUR !!!! \\nbe jealous . 
< PROPFEMALE > childs barn sale . 11 Hours . Today and tomorrow . Oh joy . This'll be fun . 
Halo . Ice pops . Air conditioning . No work . Harborfest . .... life's good . 
when everybody else is getting out of bed , i'm usually getting in it . i'm not in it to win it . i'm in it for you . <3 
is a wegmans employee now . 
KROCK today !! 
As much as getting hit in the head by half naked , sweaty , fat dudes is not my thing , still had an awesome day . thank you KROCK for a great show . 
i just realized ... i still havent sent out my graduation party thank you's . and my party was june 27 . i'm really on top of things , aren't i ? 
Dinner for shmucks was THE funniest movie id seen in forever . I havent laughed so hard in a while . 
Had suchhh a fun day , tubing jetskiing and boating on the lake with everyone . Gotta celebrate whats left of summer the best ways possible . 
.......... i dont know when school starts . I should probably find that out ....... 
Chili's = <3 
had such a fun time last night with her best guy , < PROPFIRST > Lawson and her best friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Noden hahaha <3 
day one of Wegmans employment .... success . :) 
best moment of my night : < PROPFEMALE > Bernardoni and i were doing garbage at DDays . i was yanking the bag with both hands . she was holding the can down with two hands , an old lady was helping us , and we still couldnt get the bag out . i put my foot up on the can , trying to help . the crowd behind us was laughing . we were laughing so hard we could hardly move . when we finally got it out , the crowd clapped . what a night . :D 
MOM . please get out of the hospital . it's not cool . thank you . <3 
hahaha . i submitted a picture of this girl ( from krockathon ) with a nasty tramp stamp to ugliesttattoos.com and its on there now . i feel accomplished . lol . 
people in auburn are CLASSY . \ 
not . 
People watching . Really big french fries . Animals . Giant sandcastles . Blue oyster cult . Fried dough . ... i love the state fair . 
First day of class ! Then calling hours and work laterr . 
day one of a higher education :: success . 
class 11- 12:20 and im done for the day . no work . just shopping , food , Uncharted and air conditioning . Love . <3 
wellness center for a little bit , then buying books . i love spending hundreds of dollars all at one time . 
no work today . whaaaaa ? 
no class til noon ? i like that . 
i LOVE not having any classes on fridays . 
I got a mountain dew out of the machine at the bowling alley . It tastes bad . Reason ? Expiration date was june 2 , 2010 . Yum . 
i wanna be famous . 
I burned my finger on the toaster this morning . I feel stupid . But it hurts < PROPFEMALE > bad . :((( 
But the day pressed on like crushing weights . For no man does it ever wait , like memories of dying days that deafen us like hurricanes . 
< PROPFEMALE > and the machine <3 
I love when i finally have a day off and can relax , but my internet wont work , so im stuck cleaning and watching reruns all day . 
Totally aced my bio test . Made my appointment . Eating food . Work at four ... Lifes good . 
Im eating a hot pocket .... Feeling like this is a reallllly bad idea ... 
you may say i'm a dreamer . but i'm not the only one . 
Sometimes I feel like I'm from another world , and everything I want in life seems impossible . Cause people , they'll tear you apart ; but in the bottom of our hearts , the dream's alive inside . And we won't forget . 
OHHHH boy oh boy oh boy oh boyyyyyy 
loooove my new tattoo . happy happy girl :) 
ask me random , anonymous questions . dooo it . now . \ 
http://www.formspring.me/brittanyEmurray 
i like it on the floor . 
No work . Nice weather . Going to a craft fair . Buying new < PROPFEMALE > . <3 What a good day . 
dear < PROPFEMALE > from TeenMom ::\ 
you're pretty . but when you cry , it kinda makes me say \ewww . \ " \ 
RIP grammy . I miss you already . You were always there for me , and you taught me so much . You were a big part of everyones lives , especially mine . I love you . 
Today was without a doubt the hardest day of my life . saying goodbye to someone who has always been there for you is just as hard as it sounds . i'll never forget any of the wonderful memories i have . she was more to me than just a grandma . she was a shoulder to < PROPFEMALE > on , someone who would always brighten my day , and a friend . i'll be lost without her smiles and hugs . RIP grammy . i don't know how i'll do without you . 
relaxin on my bed drinking a chai latte and watching jersey shore . casino later . i guess todays turning out alright . :) <3 <3 ily 
the only purple shirt i have with me is an old TTCS shirt lol . guess that will have to do for today ! happy 21st baby ! <3 <3 love you 
dear random guy getting a sub at wegmans :\ 
thank you for telling me my eyes were beautiful . \ 
but you crossed the line when you told me you couldn't stop staring at them . \ 
please don't do that again . \ 
kthxbai 
i \loooove\ " working . \ 
no work today . .....!!!!! \ 
kinda don't know what to do with my day now :/ 
Cosmic bowling :) 
Just saw paranormal activity 2 . ..... guess im not gonna sleep tonight . 
Closing the coffee shop by myself for the first time tonight .... Oh god , wish me luck . 
Asking < PROPFEMALE > . All that Remains . Born of Osiris . & And She Said . In 3 hours . Ahhh ! 
OHMAHGAH . Asking < PROPFEMALE > ... Insanity . \\nMaybe if there weren't so many hippos and whales in the pit , i could move around easier ? Just a thought . 
Its really fun to watch old people trying to use their cell phone . 
Omg lol applebees is playing \im blue . \ " my night is officially good . " 
I am working 5am to 11am friday morning at aero , aka black friday . ..... help me :( 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
I LOVE having to give statements to the police about people who < PROPMALE > our store . Its GREAT . Dirtbags . 
Just picked a guy out of a lineup :/ lets hope i was right ... haha 
Walking around < PROPFEMALE > childs with < PROPFIRST > , laughing at the prices . 
< PROPFIRST > just shot a 300 :) congratttts ! Now if only i could do that ..... Yeah . Riiiight . :D 
On my way to trexx with my long lost bestiee !! <3 
Why is it that all the dirty people of auburn have the same , distinct , horrible smell ? 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas , everyone ! \ 
hope it was great :) \ 
mine sure was :) 
A stomach bug ? Oh , how fun ! 
i thought everyone from high school chorus would be interested to know that CCC Chorus is singing \Seasons of Love . \ " \ 
Silverstein concert ! So excited to see one of my favorite bands again . Hope this time is as good as last time ! 
They are still as good . Better even . Im gonna have nooo voice tomorrow 
birthday dinner tonight :) 
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes ! i had a really great day :) 
car got stuck in the snow at an intersection ? yeah , not the most fun i've ever had . 
Zebra striped chocolate heart , raspberry and dark chocolate candies and a box of slim jims ? Thank you < PROPFIRST > for the best valentines presents ever :) 
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low . 
< PROPFEMALE > i watched inception last night . \ 
all i have to say is ... damn . \ 
that was one good movie . 
Dear Facebook : \ 
Please stop liking random links for me . I'm never on Facebook , but when I finally am , I've magically \liked\ " a bunch of things I've never even heard of . Cute . \ 
My night consisted of having bad allergies , bowling terribly and finding out my cat died . Then , to top it off , i had an asthma attack . Great . 
Going to the movies tonight and i cant pick which one to see :( Insiduous . Sucker punch . Limitless . Any suggestions ? 
