I need to go back to work really badly my sleeping is all out of whack .... Hummm 2 more days of summer Vacation .... 

How I hate doing homework ... I hate correcting to ... I try to give it as little as possible .... Thank goodness that the kids do it most of the time at the afterschool program . ... :/ grrrrrr 
Thank you to everyone who wished me Happy B-Day .... And < PROPFEMALE > yes I remember that Circus ... Mom and I were just talking about it ... hahhahah SOOOOOO funny 
Awweee Hump day is done and finally over !!!! Now its a down hill climb to Friday ! To much to do in the next 3 day ..... I've made a reservation for Sunday with my bed !!!!! I'm loven it ! :) 
Here a scary thought if you make between 50k-100K per year the average cost to raise a child is $ 221,000 from birth to age 17 ! That's an average of 13K per year per child .... you do the math Hummm I now know why I always feel soooo broke ... darn kids ... LOL ;) 
Well it's FRIDAY !!! Yeah baby is there a better day of the week ... NOOOO way ! 
Just finished watching 17 again ..... Who hasn't wished to do something over again to \fix\ " their mistakes ..... Hummmm contemplating What would life been like if only I had ........................................ " 
Well I've only been back to work for 6 full days ... today during 2nd period on my 7th day of school I get a call saying come pick up your daughter she's throwing up .... Nice I hope this isn't a trend for the rest of the school year !!! 
Had a blast this weekend ! Went camping and I forget to take my tennis shoes .... All I had was flip-flops .... Oh well it was GREAT !!!! 
I'm 2 of 3 .... twice now I had to leave school to go pick up a sick kid .... It's definately going to be a tend this year ... Not good ... uggghhh 
Not a good week .... Tuesday went home early < PROPMALE > was sick .... Tuesday Mom had a kid jump on her foot she can't walk very well ... She actually took a sick day it hurt so bad ... < gasp > Now today I pick < PROPMALE > up from the afterschool program and he has one hell of a shinner . Got head butted playing soccer .... I wasn't aware it was a contact sport . Friday will be better right ? 
Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy & paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you ... 
On Facebook when I should be writing a paper .... Hummmm can you say procastination ... Oh heck I'm not even sure I spelled it correctly .... HA-HA 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status , you'll be surprised what people remember about you . This should be interesting . 
is thanking god that there is only 1 period left for back to school night .... blah ! NO I DON'T HAVE YOUR KIDS GRADE AND YES HE A BUTT HEAD !!!!! If only I could really say that .... :) 
The flu is kicking our house's butts this year . < PROPFEMALE > was home sick on Monday , went home sick on Tuesday , home sick yesturday . She says she's feeling really good today but < PROPFEMALE > is now \sick\ " <--- I thinnk she just wants to stay home though " 
Off to Karate ..... < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > LOVE it and don't ever want to miss a night ..... Its so much FUN 
Is wondering how do you get nominated as BEST TEACHER when your never at work ???? Yes LB peps you know who I'm talking about . Hummmm how does that work ! 
:::: Yawn ::::: I can already tell its going to be a loonnggg day ! I'm hitting Starbucks this morning .... mmmmm Frapachino .... Yumm Yumm 
Actually going to go to bed BEFORE midnight tonight .... Sweet dreams everyone !!! :::: hugs :::: for everyone ! :) 
O . k got about half of the paper ( ugg my brain is not engaging on school work ) done about half of the laundry done , still need to do lesson plans for the week .... Still need to finish everything ! but I guess I'm Half way there .... Story of my life ! :) <3 :) <3 :) <3 :) <3 :) <3 :) <3 :) <3 
Finally got the paper finished ... I'll reread the rewrite Wens . if I have the strength .... uggg ... only 3 more loads of laundry ! :) Very productive today ! 
Going grocery shopping ... Need Milk , bread and all that good stuff ... I hate grocery shopping ... Why spend $ on food you never see it again .... The money I mean ... LOL ... Don't go there peeps ... 
Ugggh .... Why are some teachers soooo self rightous ... So frustrated not even funny ..... I wish I could smack her ! 
Bring on Monday !!! I'm loving life .... well for now anyways ! 
Ugggghhhhh ! it was definately Monday .... Crappy kids .... < PROPMALE > I feel for you girl .... wooohoooo do you have a class full 
Life is good ... < smiles > ; 0 ] 
It's Friday ! It's Payday ! Whhoooot Whooot !!!! Do a little dance make a little love get down tonight .... Get down tonight ..... Random ???? Yes but you smiled !!!! You know you did !!!! LOL 
Excited , Excited , ........ ummmm did I mention EXCITED . I hope all goes well today !!! WHHHOOOOWHOOOOO ! 
No Jury duty tomorrow .... ( YEAH BABY ) buuuttttt on call for the rest of the week . 
Uggghh , Teaching Fractions with an admin walk through .... Looking at EL classes ... didn't go to work yesturday .... Room a mess ..... Desk a mess ...... Just shoot me now ...... 
Off to a department head meeting ..... FUN ! FUN ! FUN ! 
Hooeee-Hummmm just waiting to start my day !!! :] 
Starting Karate tonigh .... Watch out I will kung-foo your butt ..... LOL .... and I'm in with a bunch of lil kids .... LOL .... I love it .... I'll have to have < PROPFEMALE > take pictures to share .... It's going to be hilarous .... hahahhahahahahahhaa 
At the hotel .... going to bed will be at the Happiest Place in the World !!!!!! I love Disneyland !!!!!! Just me and the kiddo's ..... I want a churro ..... LOL : 0 ] 
Thank you to all of the veterns and their families . Espcially their families perhaphs they make the greatest sacrafices of all . My thoughts and prayers are with those who have faught and those who are still fighting for our freedoms . Thank your for all you do ! 
Dr. ' s appoints all day ..... Oh well at least I didn't have to take a day off ... : 0 ) 
aaaahhhhhh ..... It's finally Thrusday ! AWESOME 1 Day until the weekend ..... Life is good ! 
So its Friday night , I'm sitting in front of the Computer wishing I was out doing something ... with someone ..... ANYONE(No kids please !!! ) .... and the best thing I could come up with is going to Walmart so I can get mannoaysis ..... ( I know I cant spell) <----- Its just sad all the way around ! hooohummmm and this is my life !!!! LOL EXCITING CRAP !!!!! 
Only Tuesday and already burnt from the week !!!! Can Friday get here soon enough ???? uggghhhh .... Going to bed ..... going to try to sleep through the night with out waking up ... is that possible ??? 
Mass Riots exploded in my class today .... Its Wed . which means it time for weekly writing assignments in Algebra .... Today I told them they could not use ANY pronouns when describing the process of solving a system of equations . They were o.k. with writing but when I told them they could not use YOU or I or HE or SHE ... I was ready to hid under my desk !! What do those English teachers teach them ..... hahaha 
Why are some people sooooooo impossible to deal with and why is it those very same people know exactly how to push your buttons and ruin a perfectly good evenning 
Thank you everyone who made me laugh tonight .... You all have helped save me from prison .... I look terrible in orange .... LOL Feeling much , Much better not needing the drink quite so bad .... Night everyone have a restfull night ! 
Don't want to move it hurts :( I just can't do what I use to ..... I've learned that the hard way ... ouch ... ouch ...... 
Doing nothing nothing but relaxing ... Naps on Saturdays are the best !!!!! 
Finally pulling together all my scraps of paper with phone #'s and address ..... Send If yours has changed send me an update ! 
<--- is wondering do kids actually eat their socks ???? I bought 40 pairs of socks in August we now have 5 complete pairs for the 4 of us ..... I told the kids if they don't find socks so I can wash them they are only getting socks for Christmas ! Maybe they will find 3 more pairs .... LOL I doubt it but I can hope .... 
Had a fabulous night out with Cori ... Girl you still rock .... dinner conversation and drinks ! LOVED IT .... It has been way to long . I miss you like crazy ! 
Dos Palos high school burns down ... the industrial arts building ..... They actually had a real fire drill during lunch . Thank goodness everyone is ok . 
TGIF ~~~ Starting on Monday the fun will start .... Looking forward to a nice quite weekend ! 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your ...... status for ... all your friends ASAP I just fixed mine ! 
Alrighty people ... going to bed before midnight ... super tired .... maybe I won't need a nap before the end of FOA tomarrow ..... Oh an this should be a fun one(can you see th saarcasim ooozzzzing from my pores ) .... Can't wait for the morning department meeting .... Although compared to the english department we are tame .... LOL .... Night everyone ! 
I am having < PROPMALE > problems staying awake today in class .... Can Jr. High kids have nap time still ?????? I want a pillow and a blankie and all would be right with the world !!!! 
Ugggg still doing homework with the 4th grader . Started at 7:30 and 2 hours later still working ..... Although there was 2 pages of Language Arts that were make up pages but come on 6 pages of LA 2 pgs of Math Spelling words and Sentences(uggghhhh ) ...... Why do some teachers do that to kids .... I get so frustrated ! 
Leaving reality for 3 glorious days ...... I will return on Wednesday !!!! going to Disneyland Love the season passes !!!!! 
Tommarrow is December 30th go back to work on < PROPFIRST > 4th Were did my vacation go ????? Thats it I'm calling in sick on Monday .... :: < cough-cough > :: yeah Im really feeling terrible can bearly stand up right .... Hey why not other people are out over half the year ... whats 1 day right ? :~) 
Going to Vegas for New Years !!!!! Wish me luck !!!! Maybe I can hit the big one !!! Can't wait it'll be great ! 
O.k. Im all packed ... and Im ready to take off . Oh wait I gotta get my car cleaned . Maybe I can talk LB into doing it for me . Yeah right what was I thinking ! 
Avoiding writtiing a paper , its due by Friday evening .... Maybe I'll get it done by Friday afternoon .... there is nothing like last minute work .... I do my best work then ! 
Humm here it is Thrusday morning still haven't started that paper . Hummmm maybe this evening ... but then again maybe not ! The upside tomorrow is FRIDAY !!!! 4 days down 1 to go ! Doesn't get much better than this ! 
Sleepy .... sooo ... Sleepy ..... Sitting in class and getting more tired by the minute ..... and its only 9:45 am and I have until 4:00 uggghhh ! 
All you mommies out there , join the fun and re-post this . How much did your child(ren ) weigh at birth and was he/she on due date ? < PROPFIRST > 7lbs 9 oz- 3 week early < PROPFEMALE > 10lbs 3 oz-1 week early < PROPMALE > 9lbs even- 2 weeks early I never went into labor induced with all 3 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!! 1 = Crazy , 2=I'd marry you , 3 = Talkative , 4 = Sarcastic , 5 = I miss ya , 6 = Sweet , 7 = Moody , 8 =D umb , 9 = Mouthy , 10 = Spoiled , 11 = Random , 12 = Hot , 13 = Funny , 14 = Fit , 15 = Amazing , 16 = Tough , 17 = Cute , 18 = Bf/Gf type , 19 = Player , 20 = I love you 
\My Fine Is $435.60 " 
Just added a bunch of Pics from my phone check them out ! 
Well my FB peps , Its the first day of February , and Monday ... Should I start my count down to summer break now or the first of March .... Hummm Lets see only 17 weeks till summer break .... LOL that includes Spring break and May day week .... Whhhoooo hooo !!!! LOL you gotta have something to look forward too . 
And Why do I have the blah's today ??? Hummm need something to put a little pep in my step ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this in your status and post your definition in comments . 
wants to know what is up with the Blahs this week .... Geez its Friday after all I should be ready to go ! 
If you were in trouble who would be the first friend you would call to help you out ? 
Going to < PROPMALE>'s for dinner .... Yummy Yummy ... and it just us girls . To fun ! 
Ways to get kicked out of WalMart .... 1 . Go into the dressing room , wait a few minutes , then yell \THERES NO TOILET PAPER IN HERE !! \ " Stay posted more to come ! LOL " 
Feeling strange this morning ( o.k. stranger than usual ) my hands are shakey and not feeling very well ..... maybe I need my morning caffinee 
Ways to get kicked out of Wal-Mart : Walk along look at someone giggle at them & say to no one ... I know I know ... hehehe keep doing it until they give you a weird look & walk off 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This could be Fun ! 
OMG ! OMG ! How does an 11 year old get bite by a goffer ? What a stinky day ! Oh did I mention my stupid cell phone was stolen today too ? Oh wait its problably in the goffer hole < PROPFEMALE > stuck her hand in ! Good Grief ! I know how < PROPFIRST > Brown feels . 
Ahhhh ! Life ! Some days are great some not so much ! 
Well I am officially starting my count down ..... 80 day till I'm out for the summer and then just another short 7 days till things are finish ! I just might live to June !!!!!! 
Just left the park ! Watched the electrical parade one last time before it goes to Florida ..... Otw great as usual ! 
Ways to get kicked out of Walmart : Go up to some old geezer & say \Grandpa !!! You're ALIVE !!! It's a MIRACLE !!! etc . \"" 
Today's weather fit my mood to a T dark and gloomy .... Why is it so hard to be a mommy ? Some days I get the feeling its them against me .... 3 against 1 the odds arn't in my favor ! 
Why does rain/hail/wind always seem to freak out students ... We gotta hail Storm n the kids went crazy ! I feel for those English teachers giving the CST out here in the portables ! 
I think I need to do some investigating .... Where is my Sherlock homes outfit ? 
I think I'm going crazy !!! LoL When do the aliens exit my childrens bodies and return my girls !!!!! 
Sitting in a parking lot by your self isn't a whole lot of fun ... Especially on a Saturday afternoon ! 
I hate waiting for meetings tostart espcially when they were supposed to start 20 < PROPFEMALE > . ago . This is some bu**sh** ! I have better things to do other than sit her in a hall way @ ur convienance . Jeez < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Thinks she needs a nap ! But i went to bed early ! @ 11:30 well early for me anyways .... I still need a nap ! 
FIRST CAR ! Please everyone play . Copy and Paste this on your profile , then put the year , make , and model of your first car at the end of this sentence ................... 1987 Red YUGO Yes I did say YUGO ..... It really was a great car .... no Really I liked it !!!!! 
Uhmm o.k. here's the long and short of things .... I'm not ready for my baby to be making mistakes that I can't just magically fix for her .... Slightly bummed but hey I do realize the situation could be much much worse .... Hopes she learns a thing or two .... :) 
Hello hump day ! I'm so glad we meet again ! 
Sterbucks .... < PROPFEMALE > frapachino .... Just what the Dr. Ordered on this fine Tuesday afternoon !!!! Yummy yummy ! 
39 days and counting !!! ;) 
There is nothing more irratating than stupid people who don't know their stupid ! Ugh ! 
35 days and yes I'm still very much counting ..... Wow were did the months go ! 
Jeez ... I am beginning to wonder am I ever going to get caught up on sleep ? I always need a nap ! 
My mom always said you better be carefull one day you will have kids and they will act just like you ! Well mom your wrong ! They act just like their Daddy ( but only when their bad ! ) 
Isn't it amazing how people in our lives overlap at differnt times of our lifes .... One you knew from many years ago is now working with one from the present ! My advice always be nice ! 
Plans for the summer ... Summer school < only cuz I need down payment $ > Camping .... Pismo < fun-fun-fun > .... Disneyland ... And maybe a trip to Vegas .... Hummm can't wait for June 4th !!!!!! 
Only 3 days left .... whooohooo !!!! 
OMG After all of these years of watching Sponge < PROPMALE > I just realized that Mr. Krabbs lives in Bikini Bottom ... Seriously ??? LMAO .... Laught you know its funny ! 
Changed my profile picture just for you < PROPFEMALE > !!! I miss you much and give Grandma , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > a huge hug for me ..... hugs and kisses for everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Las Vegas Baby ! Here I come ... and can you believe it no children included ..... I'm loven it ! 
Got free tickets to see the beach boys . They were really 
Got free ticket to see the beach boys . They good . But geez I can't believe how old they are ! 
Why does reality always come so soon .... I could just < PROPFEMALE > out and be a tourist for another week !!!! Back to reality in 48 hours ! I will go but I don't have to be happy about it ! 
6 days of summer school left I just might make it !!!! ; 0 ) 
O . k what a nerd I am ... I just saw toy story 3 and cried the whole last 10 minutes of the movie .... I lovesss that movie ! It was good ! 
Its Friday !!! I'm Excited !!!.... ummm not so much really ? < sigh > I got the blahs ! 
Out For Summer !!!! Actually got to sleep in ! OHHHH and it felt sooooo goood !!! 
Laying here listening to old school music from back in the day !!!! Lmao :: whoop there it is :: to the left to the left to right to right :: lmao ha ! I love it ! 
I want something but not sure what it is ..., 
Out shopping for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday she's turning 16 ! And I'm clueless as to what to get that girl ! And please don't suggest a car the girl can even drive a 90cc quad without running into trees ! LoL 
I'm sleepy didn't sleep well last night at all .... house hunting has been a bust ! Feeling really blah and irratable ! Grrr-grrrr-grrrr ! 
Ok it taco Tuesday !!! Which means cheap eats and no clean up 27 yes I said 27 tacos for about $9 !!! Whoot-whoot ! 
Decisions decisions decisions ..... how to start my day ! I have no clue ! What to do what to do ? Any ideas people ? 
Out running around doing this n that nothing fun trying not to spend extra $$$ need to save every < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Ok just went on a mission and the results a big fat nothing ! < PROPFEMALE > ... Zip ... Ziltch ! Not sure how I feel about it but time will tell 
Knows a certain someone who can go fornicate themselves with an iron poker wrapped in bared wire .... Hey I'm just saying and not naming any names .... I like this one !!! 
Hoooo - Hummm OFF to bed got to be up bright and early for tomarrow !!! Going to a Math conferance fun fun fun ( not really ) and the stupid thing lasts ALL week long !!!! .... What a wonderful way to finish out a blah weekend ... Oh well we do what we have to right in persuit of the ol mighty dollar !!! 
See my magical creation well mostly < PROPFEMALE>'s she was the enginer I was the master of the masking tape !!! 
I've dropped 10 lbs ! 10 down 20 to go ! Feeling good this morning ! Btw thanks to my wonderful gf < PROPFEMALE > ! It's us against them and I'll put my $$ on us every time ! It's all about P-POWER ! Super twins activate ! Whoot-woot ! 
Making tough decisions are hard !!!! Can I get off this marry-go round it's not fun any more !!!! I think I might puke ! 
:( . Doesn't like being woke up at 2:30 in the morning to play medic ... But upside everone is ok ! Word of warning ... Don't ride quads after 10:00 pm . Dorks !! LoL 
Looking forward to sone quality time with the kidieos . They can drive me nuts but they are mine and I love them !!! Everone enjoy your upcoming weekend I know I will !!!!! 
Getting in the jacuzzi .... Awwww I needed that it feels so good !!! 
Well .... well .... well .... just three more days of pure bliss ! I'm going to have to go back some day right ! But I really I mean REALLY don't want to go back to work on Friday !!!! Can't I have just 1 more week ! 
Whoot-Whoot !!!! < PROPMALE > scored a proficient in Math and a Below Basic in Language arts a 291 which isn't too far from a basic . And his crazy RSP teacher said he needs to be in a SDC class .... SDC my ass !!!! So proud of my lil boy !!!! WHOOOT WHOOOT !!!! 
My dream job would be to drive the < PROPFEMALE > BUS !!! Hey I'm just saying !!! You know !!! Heck they wouldn't even have to pay me !!! 
How do I always get talked into doing things I really don't want to do ??? I know what the word NO is but I'm not sure how to say it ? Can anyone help me put here ? LoL here's to a long hot day !!! 
O.k. So I'm back out looking for houses going out to look again today ... The other fell throw Escrow because of the program I was trying to use ... Good thing I'm a little tenatious and often don't know when to give up !!! Soooo .... Here's to Happy House Hunting to ME !!!!... :) Lots of positive thoughts would be helpful ! 
I love you .... You love me .... We're one big face book family .... With a great big smile and a POKE from me to you .... won't you say you LOVE me too ...... :<D 
I have so many questions in my life right now .... I wonder if Google can help ??? Hummm .... 
Come on 5 minutes ....... The weekend starts in just 5 minutes ... and you know what that means ONE full week of this school years is D ~ O ~ N ~ E !!! 
Wow !!!! Wow !!!!! I'm feeling much love from everyone !!! Thank you for all of the birthday wishes ! It's a great start to the day ! Only thing that will make it great is a lil cake some flowers and an awesome dinner 
congrats to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Kilcrease ... I know this is late but happy annaversery ..... Hope you had a wonderful day and remember the things that < PROPFIRST > you together ! Celebrate the love and friend ship you have ! 
Well my FB friends HUMP day is over 3 down 2 to go ! What a wonderful feeling !!! How many days till summer break ? 
Hummmm ...... help me find something to smile about ! 
It's mid week only 2 days till the weekend and I can't wait !!! Whoooohoooo !!!! It's my kind of weekend ! 
I've carried a child within my body . I have comforted a baby on my chest . I have kissed boo-boos , been puked & peed on , woke up in the middle of the night to a feverish child & more . I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect but when I look in the mirror I see a ..... MOM !, and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a MOM !!!! = ) 
O.k. why am I sooooo freaking tired . I just wanna sleep for a week ! 
Any thing good going on up on the bay area this weekend I'll be up till Monday ... Let me know what to go and see !!! 
Thursday is just about done and over with !!!! Can I get a WHOOT ~ WHOOT for Friday !!! Then here comes Saturday ... :( .... I got class BLAH !!! When did I become such an over achiever ??? Can some one explain that too me .... 
Ugh ... it's Monday ... I feeling blah ! Hope I get a lik pizzaz before the end of the day ! 
Phone calls just to say I love you first thing in the morning are the best ! : 0 ) . <3 
<3 Loven life but getting frustrated with the whole house hunting thing ! <3 
I'm taking a break from life tonight !!! Well maybe not I got too much to do ... Laundry ... dinner .,, homework both mine and the kids ... should balance my checkbook ... Being a single mom is rough !!!! I need 3 more me's! 
<3 This morning is lookinng good ... I was woke up to a very tempting idea ... All I'll say is it invovled playing hookie and Disney ... someone knows my weakness to well <3 
You and I wake up in jail together ... using only four words , what would you \ 
say to me ? ( And if you comment you gotta copy and paste this n your in \ 
your status -- fair is fair ) 
I hate shopping for cloths ! I can never find anything that I just absolutly fall in love with , blah ! : 0p 
Omg !!! I just saw the most ghetto thing ever ! Someone has actually written a 4 sale sign $4500 by the way on their back widow ... You ask how is that ghetto ? We it was written in the 4 layers of dirt and dust !!!!!! 
It's taco Tuesday !!!!!! Whoot-whoot 
I feel good ! Actually went to bed before 9 last night ! < PROPMALE > came and snuggled with me ! I miss my cuddle buddie ! Why does he have to grow up ? 
I'm excited we are going to take < PROPMALE > out and teach him how to shoot . Only a b-b gun but it should still be fun !!!!! Whhhoooot-whooott bonding with the boy !!!! 
Hump day is over !!!! So glad it's almost Friday !!! Now what's for dinner ? 
I'm gonna be bad ! < PROPFEMALE > frappichino ummmm ! It's gooy < PROPFEMALE > heaven ! I love being bad !!!! 
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice . 
O.k. Its 4:15 on a Friday and I'm here sitting in a classroom at LBJHS doing Friday night school . I wasn't BAD !!! Oh wait thats right I need the $$$$ !!! Still waiting on the lottery ! 
Say a lil prayer for me that this time everything goes smoothly !!! The first hurdle is out of the way price is accepted !!! Pray that this is the house for me and it doesn't fall out of escrow because financeing or somthing else !!!! SOOOO excited ! 
Why does life seem to fly by ? Sometimes I feel like I show up but I just end up chasing my own tail ? Feeling a lil frazzeled today ! 
I'm not really superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . It's called \money bags\ " . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . This is based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who ...... does not copy will be without money . I cannot let that person be me . Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > . Good luck * Its gotta be worth a shot ! See More " 
Uggg so frustrated with the school system . Not with the teachers but with law makers making decisions about education and the are clueless !!!!! What the hell they are set our kids up to fail !! What's fair about that crap ! Are they trying to get another class system ? 
On my way to sign more paper work ... Thursday will be the start of week 3 in escrow ... Prayers and positive thoughts are needed and greatly appriciated !!! <3 <3 
I think I have writers cramps ! Iggh 
I want what I want and that's all I want ! Now why is that hard to understand ? 
Wishing everone a fun and safe Halloween !!! 
Awwweeee Tuesday we meet again ! We haveto quit meeting like this my Friday is going to get jelous ! 
Scrambled eggs with salsa for dinner easy , quick , cheap , and low cal . I think we might be earring lots and lots of scrambled eggs for the next few months ! Hey I might be able to take off another 10 lbs ... Well I can wish can't I ??? : 0 ) 
Hide your wallets ! Go find grandmas cookie jar to stash your cash ! Governor Moonbeam is back ! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot up the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who needs a foot up the ass , except ... a foot up the ass , but we can raise awareness . 93% of people won't re-p ... ost this . They most likely need a foot up the ass too !!! 
Thank you for this short week ! It's just what the Dr. order . For some reason Monday doesn't seem so bad ! 
Note to self : patients and time fixes everything ! Keep the faith it all works out the way it should ! 
A long 4 day weekend is just what I need ! Can you say whoot ~ whoot !! 
Ok so < PROPFEMALE > has been bugging me to watch where the wild things are for months ... So I finally sat down to watch it with her and I just don't get the point ... What am I missing ? 
Looks like I will be a home owner in less than 2 weeks .... Whoooo ~ hooooo !!!! I'm soooo excited ! Got final bank approval today ! 
It has been the longest 45 days of my life . But thankful for having the good fortune to have to wait ! 
I wonder who else made it out for the crack head sales ???? Who were the brave and who were cowards ? 
2 life goals accomplished and completed this week !!!! I get the keys to my house in less than an hour ! Finished and passed my professional project which means I now hold an adiminstration creditial and now only 4 course to obtain my masters degree ! Wow what a lot of work but soooo worth it ! Yeah me ! 
I am finally reconnected to the world !!! Gotta Love the internet ! 
Tell me how does a sub miss 2 yes I said TWO boys jump out of a window and crawl back in then turn around and they turn around and do it a second time .... Jeez < PROPFEMALE > ! THATS why I worry when I have a sub !!!! 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He ... committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with your heart 
The first week of Jr. High for < PROPFEMALE > and she has her first school dance .... And of course there is drama over make-up . < PROPFEMALE > wants to apply it for her but she wants to do it her self of course ! AND I believe the world is going to end over it ... LOL .... Oh to be a teenager/preteen again 
Guess who found her phone tonight :::: Two thumbs pointing at me :::: This lil frisky girl .... I think I will do a happy dance .... I was with out my phone for over 2 weeks !!!! Q ! 
Aweeee the sweet sound of the < PROPFEMALE > ringing and now vacation is here ! 
O.k. I think the \phone gods\ " have it in for me ..... First I miss place my phone for about 2 weeks and then Im at the mall using the restroom and my phone slips out of my jacket pocket and falls right into the toilet !!! and it was even a side pocket it was like a pocket that has a flap that can be button and everything !!!! OMG I can't believe my luck ... I'm feeling a lil like < PROPFIRST > Brown .... Good Grief ! " 
o.k. I'm going to quit waiting for the phone to ring .... Im going to bed ... Nite nite everyone .... I hope I can actually sleep tonight ... last night I tossed and turned all night !!!! 
Question : How do you kick butt and take names when the booty you wanna kick is bigger than you .... Oh well I can at least take names right .... I may just lay in wait and spring like a cheetta when no ones looking .... and POW right to the kisser ...... LMAO who am I kidding Im a big softy !!!!! 
I want somthing but not sure what it is .... Food ? Not really hungry . Drink ? Naw ... not really ..... < PROPFEMALE > been on a binge with it lately and I'm been left unsatsified ! What is it I want ? 
Ok I have the Disneyland DT'S . Lol . I need a fix and quick like .... Even just 1 day would be enough ..... I'm missing that annual pass ! 
Ugghhhh I hate the fog ! Or should I say driving in it ! It's ugly out here 
If your on hwy 152 n hear none stop honking you will know I'm on my way ...... Stupid car alarm is going crazy ! 
How many people have ever had a huricane !!!!! Yummy ... Yummy !!! I can't wait ! 
Why is my stupid eye twiching wish it would stop it's been doing it all day !!!! 
Want to win Disney passes ? Go check out @ The VIP Card 
I'm part of the 3:30 club .... I'm out the door peeps .... See you all later ! 
Dinner then a 4 mile walk is not good !!!! Omg I think I'm going to die ! 
Here's a question for everone :::: Should women over 40 have children ? :::::: honest opinons please and no this isn't about me I'm not 40 yet !!!!! 
Hummph I want what I can't have ! : 0/ But on the up side it IS FRIDAY !!!!! Yeah ! 
I'm Loving Life .... Just did yard work at my home for the first time . < PROPMALE > and I had this place in shape in about 45 minutes and that with trimming the bushes AND raking and sweeping up the mess . I love my postage sized front yard ....... BUT I think I butchered my bushes .... Oh well that means I wont have to trim them for a while !!! : 0 ) 
I had to steal this from you < PROPFEMALE > it's just too good ! \ 
\ 
Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . ( Love that 1 ) 
OMG !!! I've never felt threaten by a stundent .... Dear lord I don't like that feeling ... Took his cell phone away during Friday Night School cuz he was texting .... Got called a b*tch he wouldn't leave the room ... Security walked me to the my car at the request of admin ... guess this kid has a < PROPMALE > rap sheet The lil turd is being suspend !!!! 
Omg what's up with some people ? Some responsibilities are for life ! It's definetly your lost ! Get a clue ! 
Why is it parents forget how to drive when they pick up their kids from school ??? Dear lord help me ! 
Why is it the people you are the most generous to complain about your generosity to others the most ??? I don't get ???? 
What a glorious day ! I think I'll dust off my running shoes and do a lil cardio ! Think I'll work on endurance ! 
Damn governmental paper work ..... Sooooo furstrated right now !!! Ugghhhh ! I have to remember things turn out how they are supposed too ..... But that doesn't mean I have to like it !!!! 
We're wide awake but I wanna make you close your eyes ..... And say my name and hold me tight like only you can holde tight ... I love that song ! Happy Friday everyone ! 
Wishing my Wanna-Bird ( < PROPFEMALE > to the rest of the world ) happy birthday . She's turning 12 !!! Wow they grow up fast ! <3 ya !!!! 
Going to church this morning ... It's been way to long since I've been ... Have a good Sunday everyone .... Xoxo 
Skirt .... check ..... hair .... check ...... shirt clean and pressed ..... check ..... make/up ..... check .... guess I'm ready watch out .... Game on !! : 0 ) 
Nighty nighty all my friends and family <3 all of you !!!! 
Trying to take another step up today ! Hope I don't mess it up ... I need lots of positive thoughts !! 
Awe .... Friday night school we meet again ! 
Do you follow your heart or do you following your head .... Each are right depending on how you wanna look at it .... hummmm I think my head is winning .... the heart is blind sometimes 
To all my teacher/parent friends .... Does anyone have the music CDs that teaches the times tables to music I can borrow ???? < PROPMALE > is having a hard time memorizing them ? 
It's such a beautiful day out ..... What to do when I get home ????? I'm thinking a little yard work ... 
To everyone who Congradulated me on my new position THANK YOU !! I just hope I can do a good job and not screw up too often ! For those who don't know I will be the new Learning Director at the jr. High I work at . 
Ok had a rough morning .... Forgot my phone at home then forgot to give < PROPFEMALE > a key to get in ! Thank goodness for < PROPFIRST > he was able to run over and let them in while I was @ a drs appointment ! The day turn out pretty well considering the rough start ! Man sometimes I wonder if God meant to make me blond instead ! 
Well today is my last day as a classroom teacher ! Tomarrow is my first day on the dark side as admin . I'm going to miss the classroom but I'm excited to start a new chapter in my career ! 
Holy cow 5 LB PD outside of our Jr high what the heck is that about ! 
< PROPMALE > is turning 11 ! All of my kids are growing up ! I don't have any little babies left ... off to Johns Incrediable Pizza ! Can't wait to celebrate with my boy ! Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
