HNY ! 

did I really just work 11 hours and 45 minutes on New Years < PROPFEMALE > ? 
what should I make for dinner tonight to go with the traditional New Years good luck Black Eyed Peas ? Maybe I should skip em . I had them the previous New Years , I think , and 2009 wasn't so \lucky . \"" 
tired momma had a long , uninterrupted nap ... now < PROPMALE > and I are going to go see Sherlock Holmes . 
has the step-mama blues today . Can February 2020 get here any faster ? 
just gave < PROPFIRST > some bangs ! 
my first shift of the week starts in 4 minutes and will be followed by the conclusion of the November cliff-hanger of Deseperate Housewives . 
just finished a big lunch , at home , salad , french bread with < PROPFEMALE > oil and pepper dipping , and eggplant parmesean , and maybe we can squeeze in a movie . 
wants people to stop using the word several for small < PROPFIRST > , like the number 2 for example 
accidentally bought 2 cell phones on Ebay , DOH !! 
4am shift tomorrow ... no staying up late for me . 
looking forward to < PROPFIRST > this weekend . Would be nice to get away for a few days . 
is hungry , tired and weak ... I have got to stop skipping breakfast . 
gonna start packing this PM ... I'll watch a little Desperate Housewives on the DVR while i'm at it . 
is getting the heck outta here . First , more caffiene . 
back to work ... T-50 minutes 
is no barista 
is back from Big-D ! 
wants to stay up late and watch Netflix stuff , but at 4 am when the alarm sounds I will disagree with that decision . 
is going to WalMart to pick up Shannons new bedding set 
kids are now between their brand new sheets . 
finally finished the shift . Took too long . 
waiting for Hubs to bring Subway grub home . House is upside down as MIL is moving out today 
is wondering WHY I can't connect to Yahoo ? Not sure when I will get to check my email again . Sometimes Firewalls will popup and I reset the router and that fixes it , but not today . 
took < PROPFIRST > to see her first a t-t he-movies , movie last night . Took the kids to go see UP . If you go see it , bring a hankie , the first 10 minutes +/- is a real tear-jerker . 1 small drink , one small popcorn and 2 boxes of < PROPFEMALE > is 18.25 at the Lakeline Ci 
is watching the 2nd to last ep . of season 2 Desperate Housewives , then on to season three . At this rate I may be caught up by Sept 
yay ! I get to work today ! 
is well aware that being a parent is the hardest job ever , especially in the last 1/2 hour 
was just told by my child that \your butt is GIANT \"" 
is hawt ayn stickee 
is up way past her bedtime and wants to know why < PROPMALE > Jr is not playing my kid's favorite show anymore ( Wow Wow Wubzy ) Had some on DVR and they were deleted somehow . 
blah ... just blah ... 
microwave oven finally went out , 7 years old ... first kitchen appliance I ever bought for myself . 
is going to Shangrila AKA Ikea 
so much to do , not enough hands or energy to do it . My 4th is going to be housework day . 
is listening to Pandora and rearranging furniture and doing some new lighting too , HGTV wannabe . An even bigger wannabe because I live in a Palm Harbor house 
is surprised that the Mormons only knocked twice before they gave up . I wrok from home and should not be getting converted on company time . ;-) 
this coffee is way yummy ... perfect balance of sweet and creamy ... hope I can make the 2nd cup like this when I cozy up and listen to Car Talk and Wait Wait . 
lost my $10 off coupon for BBW ... sale ends today :-( 
is going to go pick up my darling daughter from an overnight stay at Yaya's ( my mom's house ) 
is debating whether to watch another episode of Desperate Housewives before bed .. I'd be up past 10 , shift at 4 am ... hmmmm maybe not 
is starting to get nervous 
is HOME ALONE ... don't send any burglars over here or I'll have the paint can ready for em like Macaulay did . 
the best place for a ripe peach is in my mouth 
just had an after dinner tea party hosted by my < PROPFIRST > 
is preparing her own IRS amendment ... YUCK ! 
if I dress up as a cow and go to Chick-fil-a tomorrow , I can get free grub . Seeing as how I have no cow costume , and would have to go buy supplies to dress as a cow , I think ordering the chicken from the menu in my regular street clothes is more economic 
wishes she had the power to stop two fools from getting married tomorrow . Why must hindsight win over foresight so typically ? 
is discovering the awesome tunes of YES ! Ya'll heard of em ? You have ? Agh I'll never catch up at this rate ... 
just had an encounter with a totally gnarly scorpion , 3 inches long , crawling up my leg in the shower . I got em off me before he could decide whether to sting me or not . I'm home alone again so I'd have nobody to go with me to the hospital or wherever y 
WalMart , where the < PROPFEMALE > tomatoes are too soft and the avacados are too hard 
finding forgotten focaccia bread in the freezer has improved my day . 
thinks < PROPMALE > would be a good name but not paired with Bracamonte and NO I am not pregnant 
per < PROPMALE>'s prodding I am now a vampire in his clan on Bloodlines ... too bad I am not a vegetarian Cullen :-( 
is knee deep in Tickemaster reviews People like to go to concerts apparently . 
presupposes that Blues/folk music are the genres most flattering for the female voice ... just an opinion ... 
I am disappointed , I suppose my expectations are still just a little too high ! 
OMG am I starting to acquire a taste for Beyonce ? Not a genre I normally listen to ... 
go ahead and file this away with your other home remedies , my child has just informed me that \french fries will make my toes feel better \"" 
oh gross , I will officially be a < PROPMALE > bank customer 7/26 just got a reminder email , yuck 
done 450 reviews processed , start all over again at 4 am . 
loves me some Neko Case , she's gonna help me through this work with her beautiful crooning 
is not having a very fun week . 
is noticing that everytime a news piece hits the web about Sotomayor , the photos are very unflattering . 
is getting a taste of what working two full time jobs is like and it's not savory . 
gotta go to bed and wake up to more work . better than having no work , I suppose . 
\Oh < PROPFEMALE > ... I know this world is killin you ... \"" 
got the Sunday roast started in the crockpot and is getting the kids out of the house to go check out Extreme Fun 
wants to see Wicked after reading all these reviews .. I'm not normally into plays either . 
bandaids + child psyche = placebo effect . 
is done-diddly-done with work today . Would like to thank the good people at Yoplait for creating peach yogurt , smooth , refreshing mid-assignment snack . 
is going to make a video with my daughter lip-synching to a Korn song ... long story .. 
would love to fall asleep to the sound of falling rain tonight ... I hope the forecast is true ! 
is rather nostalgic today , listening to an old love ... < PROPMALE > Matthews Band 
why do we need more than one birthday app on this here Facebook ? 
is off to go have tea with < PROPFIRST > per her request 
youngest of my sibs is 28 tomorrow ... where does the time go ? 
\bad angels are mad and STRONG\ " says < PROPFIRST > " 
is gonna go see The Ugly Truth 
is on hold for the IRS ... the hold music is not making me less irritated . 
sez \whatever ! \"" 
highly recommends Swiss Miss Banana Cream Pie Pudding after a crappy day 
moderating 500 pieces of content in 3.5 hours makes me dizzy 
now has raccoons helping themselves to the garbage overnight ... Bah bah bah boom ... ( The Great Outdoors reference ) 
wow , three FB friend birthdays on one day ! July 31st , who knew ? 
is draggin ass this PM 
tortellini and vodka sauce is the shiznit 
me : guess who makes me smile ? Shannon : Me ! ( points to herself ) 
POLL : Do you like This is Spinal Tap and would you want to go to the Sing Along with me DT < PROPFIRST > to attend one of the next three Thursday nights ? 
Shannon : \she's at the doctor !! and she's getting a diaper change !! \"" 
broke a window this morning when trying to kill a wasp that got in the house 
is weaning herself from her morning nap ... I'm in a haze ... why a morning nap ? Staying up late + 4 am shifts 5 days a week . 
needs new books to make bedtime story time get it's groove back 
is trapped in her room . Husband fell asleep on the couch and brought the kids in here so he can sleep . 
make dinner and do another 4 hours of work 
can't believe it's already Friday ... what a week 
one more shift for the week and then free Spa day ! 
its run away from home and get a free pedicure day ! happy happy joy joy ! 
is going to watch Religulous later and have some cocktails to unwind . It's been a crazy three weeks . 
mama made french toast this morning 
Comedy Central Roast of < PROPFIRST > Rivers is on tonight .... glad I don't have to be up at 4 am tomorrow . 
trying to make a new work schedule that doesn't suck 
just got out of the blow-up pool with the kids . refreshing and fun . nothing like laying in cool water and looking at puffy white clouds against a wide blue sky . 
would like to apologize to everyone on my friends list ... I didn't realize it this Transformer quiz would send something to all of you the way it did . 
grocery shopping time again .... :-( If only food was optional ? 
is EXCITED !!!! I signed < PROPFIRST > up for dance class . Ballet Jazz and Tap ! First class 8/31 !!! 
got rain .... rain .... RAIN !!!! 
snugglin with my favorite 3 year old . 
450 reviews done , get up in 4 hours to do some more . 
am I going to be looking at < PROPFIRST > Piven's mug all day ? everytime I refresh , new picture . A little < PROPFIRST > Piven slideshow courtesy of FB advertising . ( I did used to have a pretty ridiculous little crush on the man when I still bothered to care about celebrities ) 
wow , 8 o'clock and the kids are STILL in bed . 
is in the process of making my stepkids favorite meal for his last night with us before he goes back to his REAL mom 
last shift of the week ... Git er done ! 
the crawling into bed with mommy in the middle of the night has begun . 
that Meyers Briggs test got me wrong twice . I dunno maybe my personality totally changed within a year ( which is a scary thought ) but I have been an INTJ for a while . 
why do husbands enjoy startling their wives so much ? 
another Monday , another fresh start . 
oh look , < PROPFIRST > is hosting another tea party ... So far Raggedy < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , babydoll , < PROPFIRST > Mouse and another < PROPFEMALE > have all been seated . 
how many songs are there about rainbows and what's on the other side ? I don't know any ? 
my new 8 dollar clearance black sandals are VERY dorky but they are comfortable . Guess I am at that sensible shoes age . 
< PROPFIRST > heard the Bluebell Icecream jingle on the radio , is struggling to remember the words , and does not believe me when I try to tell her what the words actually are . 
is trying to sell her tickets to The Cult ( it's a rock band ) 
after spending some painstaking effort to get my makeup right , I am now sweating it off ... How do Texas women keep their makeup on during the summer ? 
needs to write a blues song about being a second-wife/step-mom . I have plenty of material to go on . 
was getting some pretty severe Shannitude today . She's napping now and I am hoping it will fix her mood . 
thunderstorm rolling in 
\let love be your aim \"" 
has her step-mother/2nd-wife headache back , and the little guy ain't even here . 
Texas Longhorn football I NEEEED YOU ! You come at the end of a shitty year when NOTHING but NOTHING other than watching a college stud with a pair of burnt orange longhorns on a white helmet running that pigskin through the endzone will ease the pain !!! 
< PROPFIRST > is scared of the blender . 
* yawn * 
with Farmtown and Farmville , everyday is Christmas ! 
is up and ready to work , but the work ain't here yet ! 
coffee or nap ? 
gonna go pay a < PROPMALE > that I forgot to pay , never been late on this acct before , 4 frickin days late . 
One week from tomorrow , first Texas football game of the season ! Looking forward to looking at lots of burnt orange on TV !!! 
new schedule means I have a shift in 2 hours 
reading reading reading , that's my job ... and listening to some great tunes from a band I recently discovered called Pheonix ! 
thinks that < PROPFIRST > is at the everything-fun-happens-after-I-go-to-bed phase 
went to < PROPFIRST>'s first dance class today . Fun times . Just need to work on following instructions . 
watching Depeche Mode concert videos on YouTube from this years tour and envying all the owners of those arms waving to their music . 
up late because Tuesday morning is where I cut one of my 4 am shifts ... missing < PROPMALE > . 
stuff to do around the house > the energy I have to do it 
should I stay or should I go ? 
how do I say no to a cute little three year old's voice asking me to go get her Pizza . 
in less than 48 hours my beloved Texas Longhorns will be taking the field . 
gameday ! Horns are gonna bring it ! 
in < PROPFIRST > . Get to see < PROPMALE > tomorrow morning ! 
got an anonymous notification that one of my friends sent my a little boy on facebook ? Weird ! 
coming back home today . Hope nobody messed with my house while I was gone . 
rented a Rug Doctor , we'll if he's got the right treatment . Hahahahaha , HIL-arious ! 
cleaned all the carpet and now my cell phone is broken ... one thing for the other 
remembering NYC today . Hoping the families of those who perished 8 years ago today will find a special comfort today . 
will be at the Waterloo Icehouse Cedar Park at < PROPFIRST > Ranch tomorrow afternoon to watch Texas v . Wyoming . Come on ova ! Call me if you're coming 512-887-0146 . Wear Orange ! 
broke out the DMB Central Park Concert DVD , groovin ' and grinnin ' 
ballet class tomorrow ... lets see if she can practice her serious dancer role 
having an afternoon smoothie start work in TWO minutes 
does not want to go to the grocery store 
is baking great-great-grandmother Zelah Pickle's banana bread . Will take a loaf to church on Sunday , if it lasts that long ;-) 
hello perfect , cool Autumn breeze , oh how I've missed you ! 
should brush up on her pirate vernaculARGGH ! for tomorrow . ( Talk Like a Pirate Day , Sept 19th ) 
just saw the worst divorce lawyer ad ever 
Ahoy , tis time to talk like a pirate , me hearties , yargh ! And beat the Red Raiders , yargh ! 
ribs cookin , bowl of potato salad chillin , beer chillin , and a 40-something inch LCD TV . I love Saturdays when it's Longhorn football season !.... Red Raiders be measured ye fer < PROPFEMALE > chains , arghh ! Me Longhorn mateys pass me Nelson’s Folly in victory ! 
going to watch the Emmys ... pulling for < PROPMALE > Parsons (\Sheldon\ " on the Big Bang Theory ) " 
kicked the crap out of my 2nd smallest toe this afternoon . Black and blue and throbbing now . 
ballet class today ! 
has been trying for over a year now to find < PROPFIRST > a little girlfriend to play with regularly and bad timing ... bad timing ... bad timing ! 
wow , was not expecting \chilly\ " weather today . It's bowl-of-soup temperature out there ! " 
is happy than < PROPMALE > and I have another show to enjoy together : Mad Men . Thanks to Netflix ( our satellite provider decided that AMC is a premium channel , * shrug *) 
we needed rain , but this weather just makes me want to stay in bed all day and that's not entirely a good thing . 
well I think < PROPFIRST > may be needing naps again . She's having a series of meltdowns . 
question for God : why for most mothers putting her child first has an undeniable , unshakable hold on her , and for the rest the child's needs are forgotten about or ignored ? 
it going to be a good weekend . Sun's coming out , football on Saturday , Desperate Housewives on Sunday , my bonus kid will get to spend some time with sister . Good times . 
is getting some genuine ME time right now . < PROPMALE > took over care of the kids and I have the rest of the night to myself ! * pinch * not dreaming , just checking . 
if you want your house to smell like baked goods all day , throw some raisins in the recipe . Good lord , I baked banana bread with raisins 9 hours ago and it still smells like something is baking ! NO , the oven is not still on ! 
has an unpleasant situation to get through this evening , but Desperate Housewives will be on shortly thereafter and that will take the edge off 
you know it's not going to go well when the guy you need to level with has a < PROPFIRST > Cowboys shirt on 
time to get the tights and leotard on lil Miss 
finished the making the Strawberry Shortcake hat for < PROPFIRST>'s costume so I'm halfway finished . Once I finish the apron she'll be all set 
is craving fajitas 
back from one of three scheduled playdates for this week 
I think I might just survive this abnormally busy week 
the lightning is in the distance making the white puffy clowds glow at random like fireflies in the sky 
Coffee pot is broken , fancy one too ! Didn't last two years . 
watching Ghost Adventures , pretty freaky 
has again underestimated the simplicity of a recipe 
okay ... who signed my email address to get emails from Congressman < PROPFIRST > McCaul ... ha ha .. very funny ! 
this weather is sending me into a coma 
thanks to my friend < PROPFEMALE > , I am going to start teaching < PROPFIRST > how to read this week ! 
if I could have a solid 11 hours of sunshine , I might just get out of this funk . I am not from Seattle , I am not used to days of clouds and rain in Texas 
The Office wedding , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are finally getting hitched tonight ! 
bought a duck soap dispenser for the kids bathroom ... and it QUACKS ! 
dun dah dah dum .... The Office Wedding in 34 minutes ! Mr. and Mrs. < PROPMALE > Halpert ! 
is hoping for a better work week next week 
is kicking off the weekend by watching the best Patton Oswalt stand-up to date 
kids are watching < PROPMALE > Little , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ( aka Dr < PROPMALE > House ) is in it ... really tripping me out because he's ... well ... being polite . 
HOOK ' EM ! Horns getting some practice to whoop the Sooners next week 
please be open today dance school , pretty please ! 
finally at the end of a very LOOOOOONG day 
fog and rain is not an excuse to be lazy , is it ? 
picked < PROPFIRST > Gray station to be my rainy day Pandora music 
is appald at how bad my writtin , spellin and grammer has got worser over the last year , sigh . 
30 Rock premiere tonight ! 
HOOK EM HORNS ! Texas fight Texas fight yay Texas Fight ! 
they won but that game was just awful to watch . Glad it's over ! 
me : I need a kiss Shannon : No kisses here ! 
first shift of the week in just over an hour and I can barely stay awake 
wine guy at HEB was personally offended when I remarked that the suggested bottle was familiar to me because I have purchased it before at WalMart . Don't say the name WalMart to an HEB employee unless you want to hear a sales pitch and be asked for more customer loyalty . 
< PROPMALE > left for Firefighter boot camp for two weeks . Just us girls . It's boot camp for Firefighter wives too . Helps us get used to holding the fort down by ourselves . We'll miss him =-( 
is going to chop it off . I suppose getting my hair this long is some kind of minor accomplishment , but now it's getting annoying . 
garden tubs are nice but they are a pain to clean 
does not want to drive to Southwest < PROPFIRST > in the rain tomorrow night . < PROPFIRST > drivers do not know how to drive in the rain without running into each other 
missing my fireman 11 days before he comes back home 
what's on my mind ? Hmmm ? When does the contract expire for the fella who keeps changing the way Facebook looks ? Pick one and let it go ! You've already beat Myspace in subscribers by 70% so take a break ! 
well my whole wall is deleted now ... 
is listening to Wait Wait Don't Tell Me and drinking my coffee 
if I were to do a costume this year i would be season 1 < PROPFEMALE > Olson from Mad Men 
didn't make it to church because of my pain stuff . Sunday roast in the crock . 
UT had the best point spread of the top 3 teams yesterday , < PROPMALE > , FL and TX all played unranked teams , and Texas is still #3 . BCS doesn't like Texas this year either I guess . Oh well , like my husband says #1 is curse so maybe staying at 3 isn't so bad . 
wants to start blogging again . Will brainstorm during < PROPFIRST>'s dance class tomorrow . 
sorry if anyone is getting double posts from me . Facebook has decided to make changes , changes , changes , hence bugs , glitches , and hiccups 
wow , that shift kicked my bootie ! 
Strawberry Shortcake is making another appearance today ! 
should have been asleep at least an hour ago . 
my darling little angel changed the settings on my alarm clock this morning I slept in until 7:57 . Only problem with that is , Mommy missed work because of it . * stewing * 
is still on this laptop , posting comments on her favorite blog ( not mine , someone elses ) , like I have nothing else to do today while a long to do list sits there tapping me on the shoulder . 
my new email address is not even a year old yet , and I already got my first piece of Viagara spam . 
is going to miss watching the the Longhorns play with my Auntie K ! :-( 
I get to see < PROPMALE > today ! But only for an hour or so . 
My firefighter is coming home tomorrow ! He got to slide down the pole at graduation ! The stations he's volunteered at don't have poles so that was a first . Proud of him . He's worked really hard . 
homecoming dinner for us : ribeye steak ( something that actually tastes good after being cooked on a < PROPFIRST > Foreman grill ) , < PROPFEMALE > red potatoes , and salad 
what do you leave under your pillow for the Job < PROPFEMALE > ? 
wants to see Men Staring at Goats . Killer cast : < PROPFIRST > Clooney , < PROPFIRST > Spacey , Ewan McGregor , < PROPMALE > Bridges , < PROPFIRST > Root . 
just finished a hellatious shift , Gawd ! 
wishes food people would stop sneaking aspartame into food . I know it's in diet soda , that's why I won't let my kids drink diet soda , but I found it in yogurt ! Yogurt , people ! I WAS going to share said yogurt with the kids but not this ! FAIL , DANNON ! 
is rather snarky tonight . Not sure what has come over me . 
Happy Hook ' Em Friday ! One step closer to the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl ... Getting excited ! Last weeks game was played mighty well , looking forward to seeing a repeat tomorrow ! 
just finished watching Philadelphia . Sad . 
oh wow ! I Facebook group I started recently gained 13 members while I wasn't paying attention ! 
forget a massage , can I just find a place to get my back scratched ? 
who knew that a Downy ball would bring so much joy ! 
watching TV in my room is great . Even though the TV is 13\ it's still great . My daugther hid the satellite remote . Don't know what she wants in exchange for the remote she is holding hostage . " 
there's moisture trapped behind the screen of my cell phone ... awesome , just awesome . 
tried to avoid going out today ( need the rest ) , but if we want grub for the game tomorrow , I gotta hit the HEB . 
is going to watch a chick flick , Nights in Rodanthe . 
I'm gonna blog a little . I'll give the link to the interested parties when I get a solid stream going . 
just paid a bunch of bills ... ouch . 
howl howl howl goes the wind past my window . 
mmmm fish tacos for dinner ... mmmm 
anybody feel like the retailers are messing with us with these sales ? Not sure if I am missing a good deal or if a better one is coming next Friday ? 
middle finger right hand nail broke off . Fun having nails while it lasted . * shrug * 
5 years ago today , I began dating < PROPMALE > Bracamonte . Love you , < PROPFEMALE > . 
after seeing what happened to my clean house after me being gone for 4 hours , I shudder to think what would happen if I left for a few days or a week . 
an not wait until my step-kid is 18 . I am so sick of dealing with his ex ! 
just saw our friendly neighborhood school bus driver run a stop sign ! 
is relieved that < PROPFIRST > has changed her mind about what she wants for Christmas . Instead of the $70 < PROPFEMALE > camper she now wants the $30 Strawberry Shortcake < PROPFIRST > Cafe . < PROPFEMALE > Recession Christmas 
prayers , vibes , whatever your preference , please send em our way . On the last unemployment check . < PROPMALE > is 95% sure he's getting hired with the fire dept , before the month is over would be our preference . 
waitin on that man .... 
is going to pick up my little lady 
stopped by the outlet mall , a man at a kiosk/island/cart whatchamacallit tried to stop me to sell a straightening iron . That's like trying to sell Rogaine to a gorilla . 
has literally made herself sick . All this stress wore down my immune system and now I have the stage one cough/ache/tickle feeling . 
off to ballet/tap/gym class 
all I want for Christmas is for the Longhorns to win the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl 
if I don't learn how to get balance in my life , I'm gonna find myself out of a job . 
trying to take it easy today , Joy Division Pandora station and time-wasting trivia 
I am Thankful for my family , friends , food , and that the Longhorns are going to the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl . Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Love , the Bracamonte family ! Hook em Horns ! 
watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > on YouTube , funny guy . Laughing so hard tears are coming out . 
thanks to a 2 dollar battery-operated milk frother I found at Ikea , I will now be able to make homemade lattes ! I also found a gift for one of my THREE nephews . One kid down , 6 left to shop for . Also , I checked < PROPFIRST > into Smaland so I had 60 minutes of distraction-free Ikea wandering 
wanted to go to church this morning , but am feeling dizzy 
is voting for the People's choice awards and had to pick between Muse and Kings of < PROPFIRST > . Toughie ! 
not holding my breath but I think I may have finally figured out how to feed this bunch for 50-60 dollars a week 
is wondering if I should have \Santa\ " come a week early so that my step-kid can have plenty of time with his stuff since he goes back to mom the day after Xmas " 
just watched Find My Family , just like The Locator , reunion shows make me cry every time , every story 
someone is having the biggest , loudest tantrum ever . Who is this child and what did she do with mine ? 
1354 pieces of content later , I need a nap 
is humored at how the < PROPFIRST > news media freaks out about snow every time it's forecasted , like clockwork . Gotta use that file footage of salt trucks when you can , right ! 
wonders how I got soooo good at being sooo hard on myself . 
d'oh! shoulda given the kids the hot chocolate AFTER getting them to pick up their toys ! 
gotta get my assignment done before Judge < PROPFEMALE > ! 
plugged in the new tree , hope the kids like it . back to work 
well , I hope Nebraska's ready for a Texas spanking . Hook em ! 
watching Florida/Alabama . Alabama is kickin ass . Texas vs Alabama ? ( shudders ) 
you'd have to have nerves of steel to make it through the last 30-ish seconds of that game ... sheesh 
fed the kids french toast , thus syrup is involved . Now I found out that we have another neighborhood water outage . Good thing we have wipes ! 
I think lastfm is better than Pandora for themed streaming radio , fo sho 
are the Holidays over yet ? 
is grateful that one financial institution is cutting me some slack this month . Thanks University Federal Credit Union ! 
changing my Christmas wish .... I want SIMPLICITY for Christmas , heck , I'll even take the travel size at this point ! ;-) 
is baffled by my husband . He just fed the outdoor Christmas tree with the our BOTTLED DRINKING WATER ?! 
Central Texas winter weather ... here it comes , there it goes , repeat until April 
mama can make a cup of hot chocolate , make 3 meals and a snack , make perfect bath temp , keep drawers stocked with clean clothes , put her favorite shows on , kiss her boo boos to make them better ... but she CAN NOT turn off the sunlight when it's nap time . 
has begun to upload videos from < PROPFIRST>'s last class on Youtube , 3min , 10sec video will take an hour and a half to upload ... I guess this will take a few days 
sorry about all the video posts ... some people want to see them and this was the easiest way ! 
logged in to Netflix this morning ... movies I was REALLY hoping to see over the weekend are statused at \long wait\ " and \ " VERY long wait\ " Netflix is beginning to remind me of the store beginning with B and ending with < PROPMALE > and/or the red machine . " 
I have been overall satisfied with the postal service , but I think there was some price gouging going on this week . I sent a package Thursday and was told I would have to pay 22 dollars if I wanted it delivered by Christmas . I paid 12 instead , and as of today , it still has not left the drop-off location ... things that make you go hmmmm ? 
other than the congested 37th street , where is a good place to look at Christmas lights in the < PROPFIRST > , P-ville , Round Rock , Cedar Park , Leander area ? 
we started a new tradition tonight ... dressed the kids in their jammies and slippers , two cocoas to go for them and a hot tea for mom , tin of butter cookies , hopped in the truck and looked at some great Christmas lights ! 
step-kid left school without jacket Friday , found a nice puffy jacket for him to stay warm through Christmas for 7 bucks . 7 BUCKS !!! 
< PROPMALE > ( my step-son ): \My room looks fabulous ! \"" 
USPS lady said that package wouldn't get there by Christmas , tried to make me pay 22 dollars ... well shucks if it didn't just arrive at it's location TODAY for $12.45 . If I DO look gullible and stupid , it's not an accurate representation . Nice try ! 
leaving for < PROPFIRST > this morning and have yet to start packing ... better hustle ! 
4 years ago today , I went and had a sonogram , and found out I was to have a daughter ! 
no Spec's in < PROPFIRST > ? Booooo ! 
in 24 hours , Commericalism Awareness Month will be winding down , finally ! 
well , as some of you know , snow is covering parts of Texas . I am in < PROPFIRST > looking at coated shrubberies and about 3 in . in the grass . White Christmas would you believe . 
night ya'll Rebeksi is working at 4 am in the morning , Christmas Day ... < PROPFEMALE > can relate ... Gotta git er done ! 
Well the kids got more loot from < PROPFEMALE > . A two-seater power wheels vehicle for both , a < PROPFEMALE > dress and accessories for < PROPFIRST > , a Storm Trooper helmet and campout playset for < PROPMALE > .... and I decided what I want for Christmas ... a nice ... loooong .... silent ... nap ! 
cell phone screen is blacked out ... again ... letting it dry . Hope I don't have to replace it . I had it on a window sill and there was condensation overnight 
is trying the tip that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Dickey suggested with rice to try and rehabilitate my phone . Don't buy the SonyEricsson W350 walkman phones . Way too sentistive to moisture . 
all those new toys ... and she's coloring instead 
Christmas is coming down tomorrow , pack it away and send it to a closet 
well it's happened again , all them clean clothes are no longer and need a good washin ' 
is on hold .... 
another priority mail experiment ... my new cell phone shipped today from Brooklyn ... timing how long it takes to get to Middle'o'nowhere , TX 
don't know if I'm exactly a < PROPMALE > Ungar , but sometimes I do feel like I live with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
my parcel ( new cell phone ) is in Leander , hope it's on the mail truck , please ... pretty please ... 
hello again shorts-and-t-shirt Texas weather ... for now .... 
and I thought this crisp perfect weather only came in the Fall ... loving this last day of the year treat ! 
I have a 4 year old and an 8 year old who need a night out .... Who's coming to pick them up ? They're moderately obedient . They will accept bribes if you need some housework done . 
HEADS UP : If you get a speeding ticket and want to get it dismissed with a driver safety course , don't wait til the last minute for a driving record . < PROPMALE > needs a cert . copy for a job application and the turn around time is 21-28 business days . When you're dealing with DPS add at least a week to that . 
is the game on yet ? Hook em ! 
Texas fight , Texas fight in T minus 7 hours , 20 minutes ! Glad their in Cali and not Texas because it's hella cold today . 
has blogged daily for 9 solid days ... 355 to go to stick to my sole NYResolution ... 
water pipe problems . yay . 
is pretty bummed out right now . < PROPMALE > was passed up for a job that everyone said was his . I don't understand . 
6pm and still .... no water .... no clean dishes , no showers , no laundry .... at least the electricity is still on ! ( knock on wood ) 
if anyone was wanting to post comments on my blog , it's fixed now , comment away 
To all the mommys out there , repost this and join the fun , how much did your children weigh at birth ? < PROPFIRST > , 7 lbs , 1 oz . 
remembers a time when I was single that I could live on 1500 a month 
just had a hot shower and < PROPFIRST > a hot bath . Water water how I missed you . Special shout out to my sweet friend < PROPFEMALE > Priddy who will open her home to a neighbor who has an unreliable water company to endure . 
RETRO RETRO RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young ! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable we all were !!!! 
what is up with the peer pressure Facebook ? I'm 30 and am now immune to peer pressure . I'll find my friends my own way , Thank you ! 
the bosses are taking me out to dinner tonight because I read a lot of words for them . So a very rare date night with hubs is in the works and a free one at that . 
The woman came out of a man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved . Copy and paste if you agree . 
anyone out there friends with a family law attorney who will answer one question for me ? 
is it just me or does it seem that whenever a secular song is cryptic or hard to understand , people jump to the conclusion that the song is about drugs ? 
just packed a lunch and coffee and breakfast tacos for < PROPMALE > for the first time in 9 months . He's starting a new job as an EMT today ! 
sorry for the < PROPFEMALE > Downer status , but January isn't even over yet , and if January is the theme setter for the year , I'm looking at 11 more months of bad news , red tape , and a severe deficiency of good news to balance that out . 
the best things in life are free , like public parks for example . < PROPFIRST > and I are going to enjoy some nice weather there today ! 
leftover fajita chicken = tortilla soup for dinner 
is blessed , as hard as things are right now , I am reminded again of the supportive friends and family I have . Thanks from the bottom of my heart , you know who you are XOXO 
waiting for my husband to get home ... first 12 hour day on the ambulance with no lunch break . Rough stuff . 
< PROPMALE > was home for about 15 minutes and is now on the scene of a structure fire in our neighborhood AND he has to be up at 5 am to do another 12 hour day 
two house fires in my neighborhood before < PROPFEMALE > , how sad . 
well we've made it ... to the phase where my three year old is constantly talking back to me , arguing with me and letting me know she doesn't plan to obey me . 
It's Doppelgänger week . Change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status . 
driving 56 < PROPMALE > in the nasty weather to take < PROPMALE > to school = yuck ! 
another layoff < PROPFEMALE > , really ? 
should I be worried about the caliber of my stepchild's education when he said on the way to school today that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was a president ? 
Da Ya Think I'm Sexy ? by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Google the date and #1 billboard song ... Copy and paste with yours . 
what kind of day will we have when the first sounds I hear from my daughter this morning are her loud cries of \I DON'T WANT TO GO HOME !!! \"" 
Rebekah : ( per urbandictionary ) Hot sexy girl , with a nice body , aggressive lover , quite flirtatious , and banging personality . ( I am obviously NOT the person who inspired this entry ) 
sorry for the repeat status but this definition is too funny < PROPFEMALE > per urbandictionary.com: < PROPFEMALE > is an ancient Hebrew name for cow . example : Go take care of the grass , < PROPFEMALE > . 
napping is ideal for cold rainy days ... too bad I have work in 19 minutes 
is sure that she can't take anymore surprises . Universe , I'm at my limit ! 
25 dollars to get new keys if you lose your mailbox keys . They won't cut you a new one , you have to pay to get the locks changed . I finally found mine but don't lose those . 
got a wonderful birthday surprise , thanks Mom ! xoxo ! 
is pondering what kind of scandals I can be involved in so I can get a sweet book deal ? no . facebook big brother I am not being serious . 
Mama's don't let your babies growup to be < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > debtors , they'll still be broke even if they become doctors and lawyers and such . 
tried to make a birthday brunch , eggs < PROPMALE > ... lets just say that I might try out for Worst Cooks in < PROPFEMALE > . 
was almost pulled in to work from home , waste-of-time ad Labyrinth again . 
did not get the new Facebook layout . I guess it's just for the cool people . If I'm ever in a school cafeteria again , I know where to sit . 
cleaned < PROPFIRST>'s room again ... what is it about 3 year olds and empying every bin until every square foot of carpet is covered with toys .... 
MS . Worrywart ( as my husband called me the other day ) is feeling very peaceful and content despite the chaos that is ensuing in my life right now ... what is up with that ? 
I think I might runaway ... anyone want to come with ? 
being stood up is a real bummer ... 
mama wants a pressure cooker 
stepson is in the process of an RTI at school . :-( 
got a card from my < PROPFEMALE > ... aweee ! Happy Valentines Day everyone ! 
almost forgot what a good cup of coffee tastes like .... finally cleaned the coffee maker . Much better ... 
headache , light ear pain , throat tingle ... will Vitamin-C stop what's about to happen ? We shall see . 
one of the hardest things about being a sick mom is having to remember NOT to kiss my daughters little angel face . I kiss her little round cheeks at least 10 times a day . 
just when the foreclosure crisis is starting to wind down , I find out we're probably next . 
dear networks that are not NBC ... feel free to resume airing new episodes of the shows we know and love ... not all of us are watching the Olympics ! 
was going to have leftover pizza for lunch ... husband took the whole bag , all 7-8 slices ?!? 
psyche screenings for pilots ? might be a good idea . 
< PROPFIRST > has been singing All You Need is Love , all night . Heard it on a commercial . Kind of an contradiction using that song to sell stuff . 
my coworkers will understand why when I say WOOHOO ! Extra work on my day off ! 
< PROPFIRST > now has an imaginary dog named \Buster \"" 
\When you are brave enough to face the real world ( the rough waters ) and be your true self – your flawed and failed and wonderfully imperfect self ? you are free in a way that the so ? called still waters of conformity make impossible . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > Townsend " 
lost my voice ... a husband's dream come true LOL . Website's say I have to stop talking to let it get better ... um ... how would a mom go a whole day without talking ? 
is up too late ... realizing that I am trying to comphensate myself for having literally no down time today ... none . 
and I hear sleet now ... 
< PROPFIRST > and I are staying in bed under the blankets , she's watching < PROPMALE > Jr , I'm rewatching the Valentines Day episode of Modern Family ( funniest one yet IMO ) 
It's melting now .... boo hoo ! I know it is because I am starting to see the driveway again . 
I tried to stay inside ... < PROPFIRST > saw various snowman photo submissions on Facebook and now wants to make her own .... Now where are those mittens ? Why have we not gone outside yet ? Well , I like Dry , I am a big fan of Dry . 
snottiness ... is it ever necessary ? 
new episode of Kitchen Nightmares on tonight ! Woohoo ! < PROPFEMALE > la < PROPMALE > Ramsey ! 
need to get out of the house ... any ideas of free things going on around here that will be fun for the kids ? 
we went to the Arboretum to climb on cows and watch the ducks ... were tempted to buy < PROPFEMALE>'s Ice Cream and eat at Red < PROPFIRST > , but fought temptation and came home . 
who wants to watch < PROPFIRST > a few mornings this week so I can go picket in front of the Child Support office ? 
thanks to my recession diet , I put on a pair of jeans that I wore when < PROPMALE > and I started dating 4 years ago .... buttoned ... and zipped ! ;-) 
is spenind the morning with Turbo Tax 
should stop making coffee for < PROPMALE > if he's not going to take any with him 
after finding a folder with 37 images of < PROPFEMALE > Biel on my husband's harddrive , I am rid of my twinge of guilt about watching The Mentalist every week , for < PROPMALE > Baker mostly ;-) 
relationships , among other things , should come with a reset button 
glad my \work\ " week is over ... now with the catching up on the housework ... " 
< PROPMALE > takes his exam with Cedar Park FD today , prayers and good vibes are appreciated . 
brother in law coming to town ... will get to meet my only sister in law and 2 nephews ( 3 and 4 ) for the first time ever . < PROPFIRST > will meet her uncle , aunt and cousins for the first time . We're excited ! 
if only I knew if it's going to rain on May 15th or not I could for sure plan my girl's birthday party 
baldwin = funny ... < PROPFIRST > = funny ... baldwin + < PROPFIRST > = ?, we'll find out tonight , I suppose . 
is up past 10 ... rare ... very rare . 
might actually get to bed on time tonight ... going to < PROPFIRST > ready for bed . 
Hello Spring ... I love what you'll do for my electric < PROPMALE > ! 
tortilla soup in the crock pot , time to take the tot outside . 2 months and she won't be a tot anymore ... :-( 
overdue !!! AGAIN !!! 
Facebook is reminding me that my anniversary is coming up soon ... Of all the wonderful things Facebook does , it's also keeping men out of the doghouse ! 
didn't get canned today , that's always a good thing . 
NOOOOOO !!!! not American Idol ... I hate when it sneaks up on me like that . 
I'm sorry tummy but you're just going to have to be happy with that chicken sandwich til dinner ! 
what is it about walls that kids want to < PROPFIRST > it up with < PROPFIRST > ers ? why !?! 
busy busy day ahead , but promises to be fun . been a while since I had anything to do on a Saturday ! 
momma needs a nap ... 
if a pack of gum has the power to fill a whole purse ( and this time a whole room ) with its aroma , what must it be like to work in a factory that makes gum ? Do you wear a gas mask or what ? 
back to work ... first shift of the week creeping up on me , 2 hours 10 minutes . 
a half hour of websurfing goes by so much faster than a half hour of work ... shift starting now ! 
< PROPFIRST > has informed me that she wants her hair blonde so she can look like Tinkerbell 
for the first time in about 6 years , I will not be going to Dog and Duck for St Pats :-( If < PROPMALE > gets home in time for dinner we might be able to squeeze in a Fish and Chips dinner and have a pint at home to celebrate our anniversary before bedtime . 
3 years ago today ... we sealed the deal at St Andrews Presyterian ( Progressive ) Church and celebrated over kegs of Harp and Guiness at the reception ! 
< PROPFIRST > wants to play in the sand today . Only good sand park I can think of is the < PROPMALE > Dig off of Parmer after Brushy Creek park . Anyone want to bring their kiddos and join us ? 
I didn't think it could get any cuter than age 3 but as she nears 4 she's actually getting cuter and saying and doing even more things that tickle me ... 2 months til 4 ! 
I decided to save the gas money and play in our own puny sand box and scoop out all the debris that it has collected since last year 
what are my odds of getting a copy of New < PROPFEMALE > from the Red Box tomorrow ? Still haven't seen it yet . 
< PROPFIRST > and I are baking ... just put the banana bread in the oven , now on to the cookies 
going on 24 hours since I last saw my husband .... will prolly go ahead and eat before he gets home . 
just heard on Wait Wait don't tell me that the Texas Board , whatever , is taking < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > out of the History curriculum . I'm stunned . 
I guess keeping the Texas \winter clothes\ " on hand would be a good move for the rest of the month . Spring has not decided on being permanently warm yet . " 
is \clipping\ " coupons for groceries off the WWW . Hopefully it won't take me three hours to hunt down what I need like it did last time . " 
crying , fine ... whining ... fine , whining and crying at the same time ... unbearable . 
looking at clothes online , juuuust looking . 
there's always a Phillips when you need a flathead , there's always a flathead when you need a Phillips ... 
time to make the 120 mile round trip to pick up my step-son for the weekend ... 
taking the kids to the discount theater to see the Squeakwal . We only get one weekend with < PROPMALE > this month , trying to make it count . 
got an impossible to get splinter out of my stepkids pinky with BAKING SODA ! Thank you Google search . You make a paste with the baking soda , dab it on the pad of the bandaid , put it over the spinter overnight , then it works itself out . Crazee ! 
30 minute break between housework and paycheck work 
has had a pretty awesome day so far , what would make it perfect is if my husband didn't have to stay late at work today , did I just jinx myself ? 
after 2 tylenols my brain still feels like it's trying to force its way out of my head . 
was hoping it wasn't so but I think I am coming down with whatever < PROPMALE > had over the weekend . No fever but overall achiness , incessant headache and pain behind the ears ( lymhphnodes maybe ? ) Ick . 
my daughter stopped watching TV of her own free will . Turned it off and everything . Today's going to be a good day I think . 
unexpected nostagia today . My kiddo is watching some old school Mr. Rogers on KLRU . This episode Mr Rogers shows footage from a Crayon factory . < PROPFIRST > is fascinated . 
just watched two movies in a row at home and managed to stay awake through both of them ( I'm normally too tired ) . An Education and Men Who Stare at Goats . Both good . < PROPMALE > didn't like the former but we both liked the latter . 
kicking back with a Texas-sized glass of iced tea til my 4pm shift 
is up past her bedtime . 
going on 2 weeks of back aches . Why do massage gift certificates have to expire ? I think I have had enough and am ready to let a stranger touch me even though it freaks me out . 
< PROPMALE > has an interview with a fire department coming up ( last phase after the written exam and physical agility that he passed with flying colors ... and sore muscles ) ... good vibes and prayers are appreciated . 
it's National Give it Up/Get it Back Day ! Shout out to all you hard workin ' tax payers out there ! 
is checking out facebook via Wii . not too user-friendly . 
has come to the conclusion that I am probably going to outlive the use of manners ( as I know them , at least ) . It's sadly a dying custom in < PROPFEMALE > . If the south ( and Texas in particular ) is supposed to be the representative of better manners in the US , then I'm not sure they will survive much longer than me . 
finished sauteing the onions and mushrooms and cooking the beef ahead of time for tonights Beef Stroganoff . Haven't had it in a while . It's one of my faves . Doing the prep work ahead of time since I work while most people are sitting down to dinner . 
wishes the mailbox was at my curb rather than down the street . 
knew that there was something different about my almost 4 year old and finally figured it out .... She is no longer using W instead of L anymore . Owivia is now < PROPFEMALE > . Yewwow is not yellow , ect ... 
aaaaaaand we've got hail . 
kids are watching Toy Story . 
\get rhythm when you get the blues \"" 
another week , another grocery list . I came under budget last week , let's try it again ! 
April's almost over , < PROPFIRST>'s birthday is coming up quick ! 
I hope that quiche tastes as good as it smells ... 
Extra work I am getting in the next 24 hours will fund < PROPFIRST>'s birthday ! Double plus w00t ! 
< PROPMALE > has an interview with Leander FD on Tuesday . Prayers and good vibes are welcomed ! 
coffee , coffee creamer . sour cream , avacado , cheese and tortillas . vodka , rum or < PROPFEMALE > . potatoes , cauliflower and BACON !!! these are just a few items I would have to give up if I went on the type 0 ( I'm 0+) blood type diet . I think of all the things on that list , Bacon would be most missed . 
it finally happened ... my magnetic Texas Longhorns magnet was stolen from the back of my truck at the Cedar Park WalMart . 
so many awesome people born in May .... I hope you all have an incredibly awesome birthday my dearies ! 
lives in a state with no lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender workplace discrimination protections . In most states , it's fully legal to fire someone for being LGBT . Help end workplace discrimination . http://www.hrc.org/ENDAapp 
I wish we could interview our neighbors before they are allowed to move in . 
Happy TexMex Day ! er ... I meant Cinco de Mayo ! 
\To the world you may be one \ 
this Mommy got everything I wanted for Mother's Day , enough sleep , a THANK YOU card from my sweet < PROPMALE > , waking up to my little girl's arms around my neck and getting out of cooking lunch AND dinner ! 
is under the weather ... if only the pharmacy did deliveries for us country-dwellers 
got slammed with work , can I pull an allnighter followed by another shift at 4 , we shall see 
today is < PROPFIRST>'s last day as a three year old 
celebrating 4 years of the best blessing I ever received , my daughter . 
I read a story that I am not supposed to put my kids name on her photos on FB ? anyone know why that is ? 
survived another birthday party ... still learning how to do these things right . 
wonder what kind of job I'll have when I'm 65 , 75 , 85 ? 
down to one car for a while 
writing the resume 
stopped believing in miracles , but could really use a miracle now . 
season finale night , will be watching most of it alone , however ... 
what do you leave under the pillow for the job < PROPFEMALE > ? 
now has to go to all my friends pages and see if I inavertedly posted a picture of some girl's bikini hiney on it and remove it . 4 down , 64 more to go . The app did it , not me , folks ! 
weekend went by too fast 
so far ... my 30's are not at all better than my 20's , should have knocked on wood . 
Dr. < PROPFIRST > made mommy feel better after a check-up with her doctor playset . She gave me a lollypop for \being such a good patient \"" 
cleaning cleaning cleaning with the Radiohead OK Computer documentary playing in the bkgd 
today is my husband's birthday ! yipee !!! 
waiting on < PROPFIRST > to finish breakfast so I can get out an whack some weeds before it gets too hot out there . Assuming I can get the dang thing started in the first place . 
nothing like the first dip in the pool of the summer . Even if the pool is only 2 feet deep . 
I've never watched So You Think You Can Dance before but have it on right now by < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > is lovin it . She's doing her own choreography on the living room floor as to say \I could be on this show and win ... easy peasy \"" 
Blackbird singing in \ 
the dead of night , Take these sunken eyes and learn to see , all \ 
your life you were only waiting for this moment to be free 
why is it that a man old enough to be my father can't behave like an adult ( points next door ) 
what could possibly go wrong ? 
nice sized Tarantula on my outside trash bin lid . Hairy fella reminds me just how countrified my life is now ... Time to take up the Banjo . 
bottles and cans !! just clap your hands , just clap your hands ! 
facebook bores me to tears now , yet I still come back several times a day to check the feed . 
is it just me or are down-to-earth people becoming out numbered ? and I mean significantly . 
keeping a piece of homophobic web content off the\ 
web is always satisfying 
going\ 
to watch a kid movie at home ! for reals !!! Fantastic Mr. Fox . \ 
Directed by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and starring ( the voice ) of < PROPFIRST > Clooney . \ 
Something for the kids AND something for me for a change . 
it's Fathers Day and my husband is doing what he loves .... outside building something out of wood . 
pulling 100+ burrs off my daughters sundress will teach me to cut down those weeds BEFORE the heat kills them next year ( if we are living here next year that is ) 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to endure someone I find to be severely annoying today . Amen . 
makin the dinner , another attempt at Chicken Parm . Last time it was : Meh . 
writing a counterpetition , wish I was a little more fluent in legalese . 
don't want to jinx it but I think my writing mojo may have resurfaced after being AWOL for several years . 
I'm not Macaulay Culkin , but I am Home Alone ... daughter with my mom and husband going to volunteer at the local firehouse ... now what ? 
with all it's past failures I am impressed that my wireless router had kept on keeping on after 4 , yes , 4 damned power surges . Bravo , Lynksis , bravo ! 
I know I've been affected by the recession for a long time when two opening day Twilight saga theater releases have happened , and it wasn't in the budget for me to go see either of them . 
Holy Canoli that is a big-ass hurricane ! 
Thing I hate the most about long drives in the rain is driving drowsy . Rain makes me vewy vewy sweepy . 
is feeling sad for all the people who lost their unemployment benefits . 1.3 million people won't be feeling very patriotic this Sunday . 
is it successful step-parenting when my 8 year old stepson says he likes the < PROPMALE > Matthews Band music I was playing ? 
Happy So-Long-Georgie-N-Take-Yer-Yankee-Union-Jack-With-Ya Day ! Now go grab a beer , a hot-dog and go blow stuff up in the name of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
why did I not take tomorrow off , did I learn from last year ? NO !!! I have a 4 am shift tomorrow . Going to try and sleep through the annual Shock and Awe , wish me luck ! 
UNCLE ! ( I don't think it worked ) 
one day I will be 41 and hopefully all this crap will be over with 
just spent my meager retirement fund on legal fees ! It's a great day . 
never touched the pool shock yet it's all over me !?! 
caffiene is my friend , not a healthy relationship , but one with fairly convenient benefits . 
Depression\ 
is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be\ 
strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has\ 
or has had depression . Will you do it , and leave it on your status for\ 
at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week ... and ...... 1\ 
in 3 of us will suffer , at some point in our life . 
had a time playing MacGyver tonight . Brake switch turner off-er broke husband's brake lights were not coming off when the car was off . He went to bed with one of his bad headaches so I went to work trying to fix it . Got in there with a flashlight and a pencil eraser brake lights are off and now the battery will not drain tonight . Yay internet forums !!! 
why is sausage packaged as a twinset with a curve ? why are they not packaged straight for easier slicing ? jusk asking . 
I miss live music so much . This fish has been out of water too long . Gimme some concert tickets before I swear life away !!! 
when I was a little girl , I dreamed of being a movie < PROPFEMALE > . Today , I repeat lines over and over and over again , not as an actress before a camera though , but as a mom/step-mom . 
snack time !!! time to pass out the Goldfish or whatever they want 
missed naptime = bickering siblings 
if I do have a limit of crises I hope it has been maxed , Universe , I am saying \Uncle\ " and I mean it with all my heart . " 
listening to the < PROPMALE > Gibson tapes , please please please don't let him have access to that baby . 
no longer wants to be a lawyer , it's an occupation loaded with crooked filthy greedy little asshats . 
is experiencing some ESP-esque events today 
Target's having a Black Friday sale in July . You're confusing me Target . Stop it ! Just call it a regular sale and stop being silly . 
listening to the Smashing Pumpkins station on last.fm and diggin it . 
letting\ 
the kids watch Spongebob when dad's not home ... shhhhh ... don't tell 
thinks\ 
that captchas are a clever way to get Americans to practice their \ 
spelling . Just sayin . 
I love my kids ... it's been really nice having my stepson this week . 
I say there are THREE guarantees : death , taxes and dirty dishes 
3% of Mad Men premiere downloaded ... 97% to go !!! 
lost my freakin purse 
“As a songwriter , if you really are only \ 
writing about your own experiences , you'll run out pretty fast . ” unknown 
had my honor defended at 2 am this morning . Husband vs . scorpion . His stinger was clipped off . So scissors beats stinger in case you were wondering . But this happened not before I experienced my first scorpion sting . I think I flung Mr. Stingy across the room before he could do any real damage . Just a little venom in my middle finger . 
found out yesterday that a FOURTH niece/nephew is to be added to my family .... YAY !! 
Please\ 
copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected\ 
by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a \ 
smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known\ 
cure for someone who needs a smack upside the head , except a smack ...... upside ... \ 
the head , but we can raise awareness . 
me : my headache won't go away .. \ 
daughter : awwwee , you should just rest for a couple of years . 
C'mon Cali ... what do you have to say !?! Right this wrong and get it over with . 
if two guys divorce , how is the judge to know which one to screw over ? 
bye ya'll , try not to miss me too much . 
< PROPFIRST > and I are going to practice letter sounds this morning . A as in Academic , B as in Books to read one day , C as in College maybe too ? 
cool thing about having a little kid is that she doesn't complain about my music . 
Shannon\ 
is watching a Swiss cartoon and it doesn't seem to bother her that she \ 
can't follow the foreign language dialog 
that's why I'm easy ... easy like Sunday mornin .... 
I need a haircut .... yes ... all of em .... ha . ha . 
alright , lets finish this 12 hour workday ... 
when life throws a lot of BS at you all at once , the lesson to be learned is how to distinguish genuine BS from imitation BS and also which BS is worth wrangling with and what BS is better left alone 
well , I got my first racial question from my 4 year old . I hope I handled it well . The first of many moments to come where I will be blindsided by questions I have not planned an answer for . 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > Daugherty for your status . It's LeftHanders Day ! Shout out to my fellow Southpaws . Now go write something with a pen with your left hand in tribute to your badassishness ! I am requesting vacation time for this day next year . You think I'm joking ? 
never made it out of the house today ... 3 nights of hardly any sleep caught up with me . 
wish you could recommend friends on Facebook without having to be friends with the person you want to recommend . Red tape . 
well once again my free time with my kiddo has \ 
been hijacked by emergency drama brought on by ridiculous people . 
what are some tips that anyone out there may have about what your next step should be when you are pretty sure you are about to explode . 
overworked and underpaid ( and I am not talking about my actual job ) 
I wanna see the Gorillaz in October in at the < PROPMALE > Center . Pretty Please ! does < PROPFIRST > Duke wanna come with ? 
prayers/good vibes please .... I don't want to have to join my husband in court tomorrow . ( civil not criminal ;-) 
I waited all day for a blank word document ... Oy vey ! 
after a day of false hope and disappointment , lets see if a little Mad Men will take the edge off . 
very angry . in a lot of pain today . disappointed barely decribes the pain I am feeling right now . 
had 70 friends , now 69 . What's sadder , getting dropped or not being able to figure out who dropped me ? 
round and round it goes ... where it stops , nobody knows ! 
things that make you go hmmm ? : turning in someone's Sprint smart phone ALONG WITH their Lone < PROPFEMALE > card ( food stamps ) to the HEB courtesy desk . 
well as of last week I am officially a firefighter's wife . 24 hour shifts with little contact , Hep C scares , and all the rest of the wonders I have yet to discover . 
woah , Sept . 1st snuck up on me like a bad hiccup . Anyone know what state laws are in effect now ? 9/1 is one of the dates new Texas statutes take effect . This year is flying by . 
my child will eat a Philadephia sushi roll with cream cheese and not a bagel with cream cheese . Thought for sure my dairy-loving daughter would love the cream cheese on a bagel for breakfast . Go fig . 
wake me up ... when September ends ... 
loving the cool air . High of 91 . Hope it stays low . 63 high for tonight . Looking forward to my favorite season FALL !!! 
let the good times \ 
roll ... let them knock you around . 
I don't wanna go to bed early . 
So that's what a tropical storm feels like ... Yowza . She was a noisy lass . Enjoy the rainy weather we're sending you , my Northern loved ones . 
Sushi rolls make me feel so much better 
9/11 never forget 
why is my facebook < PROPFEMALE > in < PROPMALE > ? 
just saw Whip It .... good GOOD movie . Nice to see < PROPFIRST > Barrymore being someone other than \ < PROPFIRST > Barrymore\ " Always hoped that was possible . Guess it is when you are director and producer . " 
is wishing I had AMC in about 1 hr and 15 minutes . Just have wait til tomorrow to catch Mad Men 
just\ 
saw Whip It .... good GOOD movie . Nice to see < PROPFIRST > Barrymore being \ 
someone other than \ < PROPFIRST > Barrymore\ " Always hoped that was possible . \ 
I need a place to stay for about a year . Just < PROPFIRST > and me . If anyone has a room I can rent let me know . I won't have much money but I can do cleaning and go food shopping for you . 
thanks to everyone for their kind and encouraging words Facebook/email . I feel isolated so often and I really appreciate the reminders of how lucky and how loved I am by you all . 
why are there kittens on my back porch ? 
\Religion\ 
just took a peek at weather.com \Igor\ " looks AS BIG as TEXAS . Yikes !?!? " 
since 6 am I have heard my little one giggle and then cry and yell in her sleep . Good dream and then a bad dream within the span of an hour , I suppose . 
these children , these children , I am baffled by them tonight . Especially the one I am not raising . Thank God for bedtime . 
with a new quarterback for Texas and a new coach for Tech , today's game should be interesting to watch . 
I love my bonus kid and my daughter but these kids are soooooo ready to go to Grandma's . T-45 minutes . 
Avast me hearties ! This day be Blabberin ' as a Pirate day . Yarrrgh ! Ye Scallywags load up on ye rum and go hunt for booty ! Play ye hornpipe ! Whatever thar be enjoyin ' , me hearties . 
she slept throught the night for the first time in months .... no , I am not talking about a baby or a child . I am referring to myself . 
free shipping !?!?! Great ! Where are you sending me ? 
\Nervous ? \ 
Your\ 
daughters will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your \ 
heart for a lifetime . It's national \daughters week\ " so if you have a \ 
Your daughters will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your\ 
heart for a lifetime . It's national \daughters week\ " so if you have a\ 
it's cheesy 80's movies Sunday , did ya know ? Thanks be to Netflix on the\ 
Wii ! 
slept with the windows open to get the house nice and chilly last night and then slept nice and warm under the comforter . I love Fall ! 
for 8 bucks I can watch TV again . Our digital TV is now hooked up to some HDTV rabbit ears . Yes ladies and gents , we are still buying rabbit ears . I dig it . I'm nostalgic from time to time . 
listening to brown noise for over three hours has made my ears sore 
Ain't nothing gonna break my stride\ 
Nobody's gonna slow me down\ 
Oh no , I've got to keep on moving 
the downside of no DVR .... Big Bang Theory AND Community at the same time . Community is funnier but NBC is kind enough to put up full episodes online for later viewing . CBS has not been so generous with Big Bang . 
well that sucked . 
is loving age 4 of < PROPFIRST>'s life . Very amusing and fun , literally on a daily basis . And she still likes me at this age !! 
Really ? A Family Guy spin off ? * rolls eyes * 
is a straight ally and there are 4 days until National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/bVd7AS . 
bought < PROPFIRST>'s halloween costume today . $40 on the tag , $30 at the register , $20 worth of giftcards later , got it for 10 bucks . She will be Snow White this year . If anyone wants company for trick or treating we are free . Trick or treating doesn't really happen in our ' hood . Too many hills I guess . 
you'd think as someone who gets paid to read , I would notice the difference between Saturday and Sunday when buying tickets online . My mistake cost my daughter getting to see Curious < PROPFIRST > this weekend . As < PROPMALE > Simpson would say \DOH ! \"" 
is a straight ally and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/bVd7AS . 
not even Mommy's < PROPMALE > goof-up today could break my daughter's cheerful and content disposition . I have such an easy-going and happy child . She forgave me hours ago . I have almost forgiven myself . 
this morning is one of two mornings I get to \sleep in\ " past 4 and I woke up at 4 anyways and could not go back to sleep . Oh well . " 
is a straight ally and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/bVd7AS . 
raw egg has to be the hardest thing to clean up 
I love you , mug of Celestial Seasonings Sleepytime Tea .... And I love my grandparents for introducing me to it . My grandpa used to make it for my grandma Saturday nights as a treat to go with the Brit-Coms on PBS . 
reality of being a Firefighters wife .... he's working Thanksgiving , Christmas Day and New Years < PROPFEMALE > ... maybe next year ? 
TEXAS FIGHT TEXAS FIGHT YEAH TEXAS FIGHT !!! 
when you're a grown-up you can have hot tea and animal crackers for dinner if you want to 
the continual haircoloring stage of my life has begun , I think I am about 15-20% gray ( silver grays ) now . Not ready to be salt and pepper at 31 years of age . 
< PROPFIRST > just said to me , out of the blue : \Thank you for loving me Mommy . \"" 
Wear Purple tomorrow to stand against the excessive harassment gays , lesbians , bisexual and the transgendered and in rememberance of those people who have taken their own lives because of the unrelenting abuse . Wear Purple to make a statement that it is NOT okay to bully someone and there is no excuse for taunting , physically and verbally abusing people because they are not straight . 
stop it with the Christmas marketing before Halloween even gets here . Sheesh . Big Lots already had the Christmas trees out last month . Yes . I am serious . Christmas trees in September . Summer is barely over and they have the Christmas crap out . 
wish I were seeing the Gorillaz at the < PROPMALE > Center tonight .... Oh well 
Had an impromtu girls day out with my auntie < PROPFIRST > and my daughter < PROPFIRST > . Lunch , Ikea then frozen yogurt ( Pumpkin Cheesecake from Yoyos ) . Fun day ! 
up WAY past my bedtime despite my best efforts . Maybe I'll finally get enough sleep tomorrow night ? 
there will be joyful Texas football seasons , and then there will be other seasons . But win or lose , it's one of the funnest ways to spend a Saturday . Hook em ! 
tried the coffee press for the first time this morning . Wowie ! 
why eat the raisin bread that I know you'd love if you would just take a bite when you can roll it into a ball , my sweet 4 year old ? 
our free cell phones should be coming today . Renewed with AT&T < PROPMALE > is getting a free Aria and I am getting a free Blackberry Curve . How weird is it that someone like me , who is lucky to leave the house with clothes that match is going to be toting a Blackberry around . Wasn't my first choice , but it was one of the free ones and I wanted a keyboard for texting . 
guess it's called a smartphone because trying to figure out how to use it makes me feel unsmart 
having the A/C on in October ? Well , this is Texas . 
trying to condition the battery for this Blackberry is no easy feat . Stubborn little thing . 
Where's the reset button on Thursday October the 28th ? I feel like I'm in the middle of a Worst Week episode . 
my child chose The Shrek Halloween special over the classic < PROPFIRST > Brown Great Pumpkin one . Every generation has its differences . 
is so sick of fast food . I'm sure I am not the only one . When are we going to get healthy drive-thru restarants ? People with crazy busy lives need them . If you follow the McDonalds method , all you need are a dollar menu , toys and a playground , quality of the food is irrelevant . 
why do I have to find out about the < PROPFEMALE > Tea Party at the Cedar Park Library 10 minutes before it starts . < PROPFIRST > would have loved to go . :-( 
Ho ho ho ! Oh wait . That's the scary holiday that's not here yet , nevermind . 
\I'm throwing Skittles at everybody screaming out \ " Taste the rainbow !! \ " ( someone in response as to what treats they are offering this year ) " 
voting tomorrow . not that it matters in Texas unless your voting GOP . 
I have my ballot strategy all set for tomorrow . I researched and prepared this time . Still mad at the school board and I get to vote against the one that irritated me in particular . Democracy can be mildly satisfying ( I did say MILDLY ) . 
where's the Mute-button-for-polical-ads on this remote ? I hope they are all gone day after tomorrow . 
chicken cattiatore ready in 3 hours in the crockpot . My procrastination did not ruin dinner . 
No one I voted for and really wanted to win won ( house of reps , governor , school board ) so off to sleep for me . In Texas my vote really doesn't count , but at least I got out of the house today with the family . 
can't sleep and I have a full day tomorrow . Booo ! 
reminder to my facebook friends , in long term relationships , be careful what comments you make to your friends . You may think it's just between you and that friend because they aren't friends with your sig . other and don't have access to your account , but Facebook is randomly showing comments to statuses/photos . you are making . And no , I did not make this mistake . 
Night two of puppy cries all night 
could be going to the Celtic Fest tomorrow . Stepkid prolly won't like it . Gypsy Picnic Trailer Food Fest looks interesting too . 
pretty sure I am allergic to mold . when it gets high I get coughing . 
I was supposed to get an extra hour of sleep this morning but my inner clock wouldn't have it . 
drinkin coffee and listening to Chillville . Wish these kids would chill ! 
So the Ducks are ranked number one in the BCS standings ? My , my , this CF season has been one strange trip . 
DVD player just bit the dust . Can't replace it right now but I would like some recommendations on what brand to go with next when we can afford it . Need an HDMI . My second hand APEX that has been mutilated by the kids still works but the Toshiba 1080i HD player we bought 2 years ago for $170 ish is now broken ... go figure . 
I've been working for Bazaarvoice for 3 years this month and some freshly baked cookies from Tiff's Treats came to my door as an anniversary gift . I enjoyed sharing them with my little darlin < PROPFIRST > . All I get at the door are salespeople and evangelizers , neither can take no for an answer . If it weren't for < PROPFIRST>'s insisting I would have missed out on my warm cookies 
my daughter has written her Christmas wish list . It's not legible but she can read it . This is the year when she starts wanting everything , it turns out . I thought I had another year before the juvenile greed began . 
thank God I don't have to drive to < PROPFIRST > today . Allergies and pink eye are making me feel pretty craptastic today . Upside is I get to use one of my favorite words today : craptastic . 
My < PROPFEMALE > is sleeping through the night now . She barks for about and hour and then sleeps til she hears me working in the office at 4 am . 
fighter jet guy ( or maybe a girl ) finally took his ( or her ) training excercises somewhere else . I forgot what a scary noise those planes make . 
watching the Texas v . Ok . State game . Whatcha got < PROPMALE > ? 
watching CBS Sunday morning . I don't think it's possible for me to hear/watch Dubya be interviewed and not be irritable during or afterward . 
if coughing does no good , why does the human body insist on doing it ... and doing it way too GD much . 
made Ceviche for the first time tonight ... highly recommended for shrimp lovers 
I <3 < PROPFEMALE > Fey ! Watching her be honored with the < PROPFIRST > Twain Award on PBS . < PROPFIRST > saw her on TV just now and said \That's Lemon ! \"" 
drowning my sorrows in a chef salad 
puppy ripped a 3 inch hole in my flannel PJ pants . Mess with anything but my flannel PJ's . 
finally found boots in my size at Goodwill . Name brand and under 10 bucks a pair . 
listening to the < PROPFIRST > Brown station on Pandora . < PROPFIRST > loves it . She's cutting some rug . 
Is it finally Novembuuurrrrr ? 
OMG ! Was that < PROPFIRST > Bamford I just saw doing a Target commercial ? Kwazee . 
You know you're an early riser when the owls are still hooting at the start of your day 
salsa and eggs ... together ... yummm 
I just wasted another perfectly good hour listening to Car Talk 
was going to go have a turkey dinner St. < PROPFIRST>'s Presbyterian Church - < PROPFIRST > , Texas but the kids are super passed out , so I guess they need their rest . 
after four losses in a row , the Horns won today . Hook Em . Wish I would have seen the game because they let Case McCoy play a little . 
Just came off a difficult shift . But It was the last one of my work week . Sunday is my \Friday \"" 
nothing brings on a headache faster than thinking about money 
Sitting out side ón a gorgeous Sunday afternoon with the kids and the pup listening to < PROPFIRST > Sinatra and smackin mosquitos 
<3 ' s Thanksgiving . 
prep work done on the Squash and Greenbean casseroles ready to go in the oven tomorrow . I haven't had the Blackeyed Pea Squash Casserole ( it doesn't have black eyed peas , it's the restaurant ) copycat in a long time . Looking forward to eating that , for sure . I <3 Thanksgiving food ! 
I think < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is becoming my new most bestest favorite musician 
having a particularly difficult work week . maybe tomorrows shift will run smoothly ? 
Just read at cnn.com that the US is beginning \war exercises\ " with North Korea . Starting to think the US will never have another \ " peacetime \"" 
If I can stop violently coughing I might get 3 hours of sleep tonight 
Calgon , take me away ! 
thank you HEB for having Disney < PROPFEMALE > \Barbie\ " dolls for $5 . Makes Christmas a whole lot easier . Bought the knock offs last year and they fell apart easy and the shoes wouldn't stay on . Brother is not allowed to touch ! He loves to dismember Barbies . " 
absurd . Fox 7 just ran a story about < PROPFIRST > having a high homicide rate , then asked the question : How does a police department reduce homicide ? Really !? How do you keep people from killing eachother ? It's only been going on since the beginning of the animal kingdom . What do you do ? Come by the guy or gal in a murderous state with a STOP sign and hope for the best ? 
need sleep . Coffee isn't working anymore . 
sorry , not changing my photo to a cartoon . You guys are stuck looking at my mug . Hopefully my daughter being in the shot makes up for it . 
has something FUN to do tomorrow night ! With NO kids ! and a really cool friend to come with her ! Dreams do come true ! 
sleep deprived and wide awake after my shift this morning . I hope I don't hit \the wall\ " at an inoppertune time today . " 
saw Eclipse last night . Best one yet ! Wish they were using < PROPFIRST > Slade to direct Breaking < PROPFEMALE > because he did a really good job with Eclipse . 
back pain = bad mood 
< PROPFIRST > saw her first 3-D movie today ! She loved it ! 
so what's my \real age\ " if I am ready to go to bed at 5:45 pm ? " 
Two of my favorite < PROPFIRST>'s on SNL tonight ... < PROPFIRST > Rudd and < PROPFIRST > McCartney 
HELP ! I need 2 ugly sweaters , one for < PROPMALE > and one for me to wear to a party . I went to Goodwill , Academy and < PROPMALE > and I can't seem to find any . I will try the other 2 Goodwill's in the area and N . < PROPFIRST>'s Salvation Army but after that I am out of ideas . 
I think the writers of the Texas Family Code legislation all need a good spanking . Totally jacked with our Christmas plans for the next 9 years . 
will miss Will Muschamp . 
AT&T sent me a jaw dropping cell phone < PROPMALE > for Christmas ! Where's the egg nog ? 
14 days left of 2010 . Another crazy year coming to a close . 
< PROPFIRST > has decided that the setting on her electric blanket is her \Sleep Number\ " and because the has a blanket with numerical heat settings that means she has a \ " Sleep Number Bed \"" 
Going to try and start watching Eat Pray Love 
if I go to the lost and found will I find my missing vocabulary there ? 
saw The Other Guys with Will Ferrell and < PROPFIRST > y < PROPFIRST > Walburg . Funny stuff . 
I now know who Parson Brown is from the Winter Wonderland song . When I first heard the song we did not have the internet ... Now we do ... and we can look up things when it drives us crazy not knowing the answer . 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > is tomorrow and I am still not feeling it . Last year I put together a song mix and everything . This year I'm just thinking of all the stuff I have to do . 
Facebook is boring ... I'm going back to reading my book now . Yes . Short-attention span me is reading again . 
here comes 2011 . In just under 2 years the world is going to end so live it up ! 
< PROPMALE > Redenbacher's Movie Theater Butter popcorn is better tasting than actual \movie theater\ " popcorn . " 
2 natural sleep aids seem to be giving me nightmares ( melatonin more than once and Valerian root last night ) I do get more sleep , but scary sleep . 
just finished a great book last night ... How to Be Good by < PROPMALE > Hornby ( author of High Fidelity and About A Boy ) would love to < PROPFEMALE > it out but the dog just destroyed it 
Shannon : did God make us out of bread ? 
it's all about context 
just when I think I am doing alright without satellite/cable , a < PROPMALE > breaking news happens and I can't watch CNN for coverage . No local channels are breaking to cover it . 
rented Inception , best movie in years ... 
DSL is down ... AGAIN ! No Netflix for me tonight ! 
I heard my little girl laughing in her sleep 
Still trying to fix the internet , hopefully before my afternoon assignment . 
someone on Craigslist is giving away 100 lbs of fireplace ashes ? I don't get it . Someone fill me in on the use of fireplace ashes ? 
Have been working on resetting a modem for over 1.5 hours now . Don't buy a Siemens modem and caveat emptor when at&t dsl issues you modem . 
drinking tea in the afternoon/evenings these days ... Seems with a cup of tea your options are a jolt of caffeine or a lul into sedation . Any tea drinkers want to share their favorites with me ? 
I love my job . I hate that I depend on AT&T DSL to do my job . 
Kids and I are baking cupcakes 
sinus headache keeping me at home today . Going to listen to This American Life on the radio in 25 minutes . Today's topic : Kid Politics . http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/424/kid-politics 
Mad Men didn't get any GG's booooo ! 
wow , the Social Network , best screenplay , best director and best picture ... I thought Inception was WAY better . Did the Hollywood Foreign Press even see Inception ? 
Wow , it's been a while since I have had a friend request from a complete stranger with whom I have nothing in common . 
being married to a firefighter is like regressing to dating . This morning it's 9:15 , his shift ends at 7 (\Should I call ... should I wait for him to call me first\ " \ " why hasn't he called ?!?! Calm down he's probably just busy \")" 
Lie to me and you'll lose my business for a while . Lie to me on a day when I am already tired and grumpy , lose my business FOREVER ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s homemade pepperoni pizza is baking 
I don't mind watching commercials during online streaming of network TV episodes . I DO mind watching the SAME commercial over and over . Do the advertisers realize that this kind of repetition is not exactly endearing to the consumer ? 
Shannon : \I am the luckiest girl in the world ... I am the luckiest of all lucky people . I love being so much lucky ! \"" 
Hamilton Beach coffee pot you are too slowwww 
nearly 24 ounces of coffee consumed and I am still droopy-eyed tired 
So many things that look good to watch on Netflix , so many of them I should not watch with the youngun in the room 
my sweet husband tended to his crybaby wife . I think he's one of maybe 3 people that have seen me be a crybaby when I don't feel well . 
25 years ago , I was a little 1st grader at Matzke Elementary School being sat in front of a large screen TV in the school library watching news coverage of the Challenger explosion . 
doesn't care about the Superbowl ... this year is no exception . 
Up early on my day off listening to KUT . Helped my Paramedic student get off to clinicals this morning . 
a new nominee for the Job From Hell Award . Being a technical writer for the IRS . I read their instructions and their cutesy little stories fail to clarify anything for me . BTW be prepared for a possibly smaller refund , homeowners . Message me if you want more info on that last sentence . 
tried to shake the 1040 blues . Didn't work . Thanks to Barack Obama's Making Work Pay credit I'm not getting completely ripped off this year . 
finally figured out what I want to do with my life . Wish I would have listened to my calling as a kid and wish I would have committed to it when I was a student at UT . One of my biggest regrets is the < PROPMALE > I chose . I met some awesome people but it was a waste of time and money looking back . 
day one of trying to lose some more weight 
Making Parmesan Chicken and listening to the lastest This American Life podcast 
55 mile/hour winds are here . When it first woke me up I thought a tornado was approaching . Glad < PROPMALE > doesn't have to drive to work this morning in his little 2 seater car in this wind fury . 
I think I hear sleet ! Great . 
why children are expensive , reason #1 : They waste food , juice and milk . 
hope I can make it out on the roads and get groceries tomorrow . I'm short on dinner supplies after tonight . 
-3 degree windchill in Burnet where < PROPMALE > is right now . Remember the 2 days of summer we had last week ? 
I think I fixed my water problem . Being cash-poor with a husband gone all the time has been a learning experience . 
got the Zumba going today . Lots of steps to learn . I think I'm in love with Salsa dancing . It's hard , but it's fun . Lost 3 lbs since Monday's calorie reduction plan started . 
I love the Big Bang Theory but I'm missing it tonight because the living room is too damned cold . 
my four year old just used the word \download\ " The word barely existed when I was four . " 
just looked out the window . Looks to be about 3-4 inches out there . There's a sleet warning so I think the weekend with my stepson isn't going to happen . I have to drive down a steep hill just to get out of my neighborhood so driving seems unlikely today . 
Here comes the Sun ... Do do do do To melt the roof and I say ... It's alright . ( Thanks for the song < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) 
TXDOT website is in great need of improvement . 
drama with the baby-mama and working on my day off so I can pay the < PROPFEMALE > to stay warm in this 100% electric house . Time a few Vodka/Tonics . 
I do puzzles everyday . I load an old dishwasher . 
The Onion is going to be the topic of todays This American Life broadcast . Thanks to NPR for the early birthday gift ! I <3 Radio ! 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it's been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy . But you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends . They will know who they are ... 
weather.com says it's snowing in my area . I see no snow ????? 
So let me get this straight ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE . Yet , the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ??? Re-post to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL ! 
it's hard not to talk to my husband when he's studying 
What's the first thing < PROPFEMALE > the Pup wants to do after a warm bath in the shower ? Go out in the cold muddy yard ! 
Third Rock from the Sun just added to Netflix Instant ! Yessssss ! 
when your stomach is empty and your mind is full ( thank you E.B. White ) you may look down on your plate and see you have made way too many nachos for one person 
< PROPFEMALE > salaama Mubarak ! Power to the people ! 
Is it crazy that I would rather have my husband work Valentines day ( 24 hour shift ) than have him lose a day off ? That's what'll happen when chief wants to move a few superstars over to a different shift . 
in case you were wondering , the new 10 calorie Dr. Pepper tastes almost exactly like Diet Dr. Pepper . 
overheard from one of the cartoons < PROPFIRST > is watching : \It was MY idea\ " \ " No it wasn't it was MY idea\ " \ " Okay but it was MY idea to steal YOUR idea ! \"" 
Helicopter just landed about a quarter mile down my street . We live so far out that if something medically serious happens , the copter comes in for the transport . 
Summer breeze ... er ... Winter breeze , makes me feel fine . 
3 months away from having a 5 year old . Where does the time go ? 
pulled the trigger and started homeschooling today . Started < PROPFIRST > on Kindergarten level stuff and she did pretty well . We were done with lessons in a few hours . 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have a gorgeous daughter , put this as your status ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
Ok 30 Rock , tonight is your last shot with this viewer for a while . This season has not been the best . 
Homeschooling hurdle #1 teaching her to spell her last name B-R-A-C-A-M-O-N-T-E . She's been able to write < PROPFIRST > for months now . 
just finished Zumba . Made me feel like I was on stage as one of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s back-up dancers .... Okay , well ... the back up dancer the choreographer has to hide in the back . 
Friday night at the Bracamonte house , listening to tunes on Grooveshark and dancing in the living room with my favorite 4 year old 
acting like your mother and step-father with snappy argumentative comebacks gets you sent to bed early :-) 
< PROPFIRST > has a stomach bug . My kid hardly ever gets sick . 
< PROPFIRST > made it almost 4 years without a sick visit . We go to the doctor tomorrow . 
2nd agreement : Take nothing personally 
jinxed herself and got sick . Caught my kids tummy bug . Yay sick week ! At least < PROPMALE>'s off today to help with things . 
Watching the Freakonomics doc 
ladies , stay away from the store brand blue dye preg . tests . 
Pet hair , pet hair , EVERYWHERE , EVERYWHERE ! 
As usual , I will have to read the blurbs in the morning to learn who won the biggies . Kind of pulling for < PROPFIRST > Eisenberg for BA . His nerdiness endears me so . He played Wait Wait ... On NPR this week . It was a good show with him as guest . 
My 4 year old is reading words !!! I'm excited ! 
after looking at my performance < PROPFIRST > for work , I say it's beer-thirty ! 
someone explain to me again why we aren't using our own oil production to make gasoline 
mamas don't let your babies grow up to have credit cards 
32 cents for 1/4lb of brisket at < PROPFIRST > and RR < PROPFIRST>'s until 4pm today . 
< PROPMALE > Bullock museum is free this Saturday the 5th . 1pm puppet show and 2-3 story time 
going to bed before 8 tonight . Does that make me an old 32 year old ? 
My daughter is showing some potential to be strong in the math subject lately . It's certainly not passed on from her parents . 
Spending some time in the hammock . I'm liking Spring so far . 
< PROPFIRST > says we're going to have a \peaceful dinner with NO talking\ " . She's forgotten who she is it seems . " 
brain implosion in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
I go months not able to find anything free to do with the kids and tomorrow there are more things going on in < PROPFIRST > than we could possibly fit in one day . 
Off to Explore UT . Maybe they'll give me a scholarship to come back for having cute kids with me ? :-P 
Nearly 10 years ago I walked this campus as a student with no plans to have a family . Now here I am walking around the 40 acres with my 9 year old stepson and my 4 year old daughter . 4 year old says \I like this place \"" 
so for those of you who do exercises , acting , yoga , dance etc ., when the instructor tells you to slowly stand up from a bent over back stretch \one vertebrae at a time\ " how exactly are you supposed to do this ? I've never \ " felt\ " my \ " vertebrae\ " so I assume there aren't enough nerves to allow me the awareness to make sure that only one of them are moving at a time . " 
uuuuuugggggghhhhhh !!!!!!! Okay . Done . Now I feel better and can finish the day . 
I am so in love with This American Life . 
I just played a song for my kiddo and she said \that sounds like Hip Hop\ " . She learns all sorts of things unbeknownst to me . " 
sometimes just the right kind of song has the same effect as a good back rub . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Vista Sound , feat . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > being heard on the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Pandora channel . 
Thank God for Facebook sometimes . I know my brother in law and his family survived the trouble in Japan . He's stuck on a ship and apart from his family ( he's in the Navy ) . Please pray for him and his family and the people of Japan 
Ikea had the great idea of making a 1 hour play area so parents could shop without the sanity threshold test . When is a grocery store going to follow suit ? 
Shannon : Does God have a machine that makes people ? 
Should be napping right now but my chores aren't finished . Got an extra assignment from work and the loss of an hour has left little time for rest today . 
Humbling moment realizing that fighting the apathy of a 9 year old is pointless . 
local pipe band Silver Thistle is playing 10 , I repeat TEN shows in one day on St. Pats . 
Husband built fence in one day with NO trips to Lowes . We used supplies we already had around the property . Perfect sized dog shelter left at the curb by neighbors this morning . 
welp . this year will be the first year Daddy won't be with < PROPFIRST > for her birthday . He can't get the day off . :-( Don't know why but for some reason this makes me sadder than the thought of him being away for all the other holidays including Xmas and our anniversary . 
I LIKE mowing the grass . That's easy to say in March though . 
shopping for a new bank . Any recommendations ? 
friday of Spring Break , I should be at about 95% crazy but I'm at about 70% . 
Hot tea and Car Talk 
The Dandelions are winning . Guess weed killer is the only solution left . 
just tucked in the tired firefighter , will tuck in the little Bracamontes in about 45 minutes . 
La < PROPFEMALE > es muy muy grande ! 
< PROPMALE > just made me watch the < PROPFEMALE > Black video , Friday . Ruined my week . 
Thanks for your wonderful movies Dear < PROPFEMALE > . 
if I have time Friday I will have a mini-Liz < PROPFIRST > movie festival . I've been meaning to watch < PROPFEMALE > anyways . 
my 4 year old was writing copy this morning . I gave her first Sunny-D drink and she said it was \The Joy of Breakfast \"" 
< PROPFIRST > found her doctor set and is now giving me an exam . She says my \heart is breaking\ " and she's going to check and make sure my \ " eye's aren't falling out \"" 
< PROPFIRST > found a roly poly that had died and said \now she can't be with her friends anymore\ " and then < PROPFIRST > had a sad look on her face . Then she said \ " well at least she'll still have her membries\ " . No that wasn't a typo . " 
Copy this and put it in your status if you know someone or have heard of someone who knows someone or you have heard of someone who may know someone ; or if you don't know anyone or even if you've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this .... It's important to spread the message ! Oh , and the hearts ... ? ? ? ...... for crap's sake don't forget the hearts ! ? ? ? 
my daughter to her paramedic student father : \You sure do know a lot about bodies ! \"" 
about to do my first haircut on a man ... who happens to be my husband ... let's hope this works out okay . my last trimming of < PROPFIRST>'s bangs did not fare so well . 
( reposted ) Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are . Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
Shannon : \my secret doesn't want to be telled\ " ( she's hiding from her daddy and brother to surprise them when they get home . they won't be here for another 1hr 40min ) " 
Need help with a Wii/Sensor bar problem . If anyone has had experience with Nyko sensor bar problems , I'd like to pick your brain . 
\how could you just leave me standing ... alone in a world that's so cold \"" 
HELLO thunder !! 
It was my turn to have a bad Monday . I'd like some kind of warning next time , k ? 
this ain't Burger < PROPMALE > ... 
\You can't always get what you want ... But if you try sometimes you just might find ... You just might find .... You get what you need \"" 
Our dog's boyfriend just showed up . 
Satellite by < PROPMALE > Matthews Band came in handy as a lullaby to my daughter this evening . She won't be little for much longer . 
\Asked my 6 year old if she's been working on her listening . No answer . -\" < PROPMALE > Gaffigan " 
watching It Might Get Loud . Last < PROPMALE > , it will be gone from Netflix instant tomorrow . 
Our pup < PROPFEMALE > has a little pen outside . I found her boyfriend in there this morning . Now , does this make her a teenage girl in dog years ? 
After a bummer of a week it's nice that Netflix is now streaming seasons of Wings . 
Wait Wait Don't Tell Me is quite good today 
3.60 a gallon now YOWZA ! 
rain cooled things down pretty well ! Another day of not having to run the AC ? I'll take it ! 
I wish my neighborhood was as quiet as the week we moved in . The noisiest person I have ever known moved in right next door , bought all the property around us . 
Is it bad , then , to be misunderstood ? Pythagoras was misunderstood , and Socrates , and Jesus , and < PROPMALE > , and Copernicus , and Galileo , and < PROPMALE > , and every pure and wise spirit that ever took flesh . To be great is to be misunderstood . --- < PROPMALE > 
Remember when teachers , public employees , Planned Parenthood , NPR and PBS crashed the stock market , wiped out half of our 401Ks , took trillions in TARP money , spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico , gave themselves billions in bonuses , and paid no taxes ? Yeah , me neither . \ 
\ 
Re-post from a friend . Pass it on if you're so inclined 
¡No me gusta ! 
< PROPFIRST > playing a video game \your butts are kicked ! I'm gonna kick your butts and I'm gonna win this game . \ " Can you tell she has an older brother ? " 
Hope , hope , slippery like soap . 
One of the things I did NOT expect to be as a stepmom is a confidant . 
may not win the temptation battle to not consume this whole batch of delicious guacamole that is supposed to go with supper . The mild mix seasoning packet really does make good guac . Don't even need the whole packet . 
not looking forward to the summer . It's going to be very difficult . 
Is 5 years old the time that the fierce power struggles begin or is it just us ? 
Dear God . Please don't let me have another weird dream tonight about < PROPFIRST > Zuckerberg and a whorehouse/homeless shelter . Amen . 
\You wanna be where you can see - our troubles are all the same\ 
making Deviled Eggs on Easter Sunday .... hmmmmm ? 
I should get haircuts more often . I feel like a new woman and my week is already off the a better than average start . 
well I thought if I stayed really really quiet about it being a fantastic week that it would stay unjinxed , but I should know by now that fortunate circumstances are usually an omen to unfortunate circumstances in this lil life of mine . 
< PROPFIRST > has changed her mind . She no longer wants a baby sister , she now wants a baby brother and has decided this baby brother will be named < PROPMALE > . 
Wishing our Pup was still with us . I'd be checking her food and water right about now . :-( 
Seen on a t-shirt : \Super Mom . Super Wife . Super Tired . \"" 
I am blessed to have a VERY patient husband 
Yay cool front , windows open . The flag pole noise is just about to drive me up the wall but the energy savings are more than welcome . 
Shorts yesterday , sweaters today . I'm not complaining . It's going to be another hot Texas summer . 
what's on my mind ? September 11th and its 10th anniversary . 
trying to get through the day with worry and anxiety is like trying to drive with the parking break on . 
In honor of Mother's Day , change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till May 9 . If you will , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB 
Oops , changing my status before mothers day because I can't help it : “Hate is too great a burden to bear . It injures the hater more than it injures the hated . ” - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
I got a NAP for Mother's Day . Haven't had one of those in MONTHS !!! 
