has finally faltered to the peer pressures of Facebook . 

is celebrating Christmas with an Iphone in hand . 
Hold your grounds ! Prepare yourself cause life is a battlefield . 
If a tiger were to wrestle a lion , the tiger wins . If 10 tigers were to wrestle 10 lions , the lions win . I believe in togetherness , along with tenacity ; wrought together us a whole . 
Baby you know that , maybe it's time for miracles . 
Today comes to me like snow to a toddler . 
Oh , < PROPFEMALE > at last ! As of now , my shackles are broken ; I am emancipated ! 
Goodbye , green and white martians ! 
If music be the food of love , play on . 
God granted us a face ; why make another ? 
A smile is a curved line which set things straight . 
My hands are all tied to prom , literally :) 
Prom was awesome , but why does it feel like it's more than just prom ? 
Good deeds are flushed by the sea of requited sacrifices . 
Sometimes the ones whom you think is closest to you ; could be the one who's furthest apart . 
I'm sick of how things were ; changing for how things are . 
Imagine having Finite Mathematics taught by a walking mummy , American History taught by a PHD grad from Southern < PROPFEMALE > , Public Speaking taught with videos of American presidents giving speeches and mock funerals . I've fallen in love with Campus Life . 
Oh < PROPMALE > Vandross ; Thou < PROPMALE > my new Idol . 
Is piled under a shitload of assignments , but still holding on .... 
wonders whether weight-lifting actually stunts one's height or it's just a crappy myth . 
has been convinced that American Football is actually NOT aggressive . 
Freshie Night was the bomb . 
You know what they say , once you go < PROPMALE > , there's no going Back ! 
is teaching my mom how to use facebook . 
Farewell my friends , Wong Thean Eu and Thean < PROPFEMALE > ! Aussie mate ! :) 
at Malaysian Studies class with < PROPFIRST > Lim , Chai Leng , Kar Keat , and < PROPMALE > Tan 
I'M HOTTTTTT ! DONTCHA THINK SO ?? 
I WANT SEXXXX !!!!! 
I neeed SEXXX RIGHT NOW !! IM DESPERATE !!!!!!!! COME SEEE ME GUYS AND GIRLS !! COME SEE ME !!!!!! 
im masturbating right now ! its cumming ! anyone want to see my cum ???? 
PLEASE RESPOND !!!!!! I'M HIGH PPL ! < PROPMALE > Yap < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Choe Sylvianto Lo Kar Keat Ng Tengsong < PROPFEMALE > Yulizz 
Why do all good things come to an end ? 
Another Pool Party , Another Wet Body ... 
Keep Smilin ' , Keep Shinin ' , Knowing you can always count on me , for sure . 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Loh , < PROPFIRST > Wong , Chuu Khai Choy , Jilian < PROPFIRST > , Shadhin Rasheed . :) 
It's finals and I spent my day doing yoga with < PROPFEMALE > Loh and Nur Athirah Khairuddin 
I Love < PROPFEMALE > Loh's Hair ! :) 
Beauty lies in the eyes of the beerholder : What about those who don't drink ? 
There's nothing better than spending Summer holidays with a bunch'a amazing kids and dramatic grandmothers . :) 
Sometimes I wish I were orphaned . 
Happy Mothers Day , Tho < PROPFEMALE > Yin . You've raised me well ; and I appreciate all that you've done for me . 
Lots of people want to ride with me in a limo ; but a true friend is one who rides the bus with me when the limo breaks down . 
is a slave to the heart , but master to the world . 
; there is nothing worse than feeling that even after doing so much good , you are treated bad . 
wishes to see the unseen , and hear the unheard . 
; it takes a drop of ink to start a war and another drop to end it , which one are you ? 
; Sacrifice is sharing your happiness with everyone around you , knowing that you'll eventually lose it ! 
is at a high class rock concert ; but it feels like I have just got tickets to a horror movie . 
is distracted when you're around . 
; never have I felt so uninvited . 
; recognition is a game of survival , if you're heart's not for the game , don't pull yourself up and others down when you lose . 
; if only things were better . 
; apathy is the new empathy . 
; so close , yet so far . 
should I just keep chasing pavements ? 
; ugh , listening to a bunch of snobbish , self-absorbed racists in the foyer totally ruins your mood ; especially when their ass is the same color as yours . 
Looking at guys with long hair in the changing room makes you think twice on whether you're in the right changing room . 
My family was invited for Miss Malaysia's Wedding ! I'm here to gloat :P 
When you record my grandma's squabbles and my little brother's whines ; you'll get the most annoying alarm ringtone in town . 
Just when I started liking my holidays , it's about to end . Just when I started hating it , I begins . How ironic . 
My God ; My Tourniquet . Return to me salvation . 
Why did you have to enter my life and mess everything within ? 
Sacrificing your own happiness for the happiness of the one you love is , by far , the truest form of love . 
If life were a graph , I'm going on the steepest downturn ever . 
If only I could just open my eyes and my entire life was nothing much just a vivid dream . 
Rejection is like an aching tooth that has to be pulled out , but dreadfully painful . 
Just realized how grateful I am to have such amazing friends . :) 
I'm not lost ; just undiscovered . 
Whoever knew college applications can be such a bitch . 
I speed through to find opportunity pass me by ; and it's already too late . 
If I can dream , but not make dreams my master . 
Clubbing at Rootz was awesome ! < PROPFIRST > G was not too good of a DJ though . 
Farewell Neesha Rikan Thirumalaichelvam ! I had an awesome night with you . Though , you might be a bit hammered right now . :P We'll meet in the US , deffo . 
; you may have your Pradas and < PROPFIRST > Vuittons , but with no friends to share them with , they're worth nothing . 
; it is the best of times , it is the worst of times . 
wishes all my Muslim friends a Selamat Happy Raya and Eid Mulbarak ! 
; Happy Patriot Day ! In commemoration for the lives lost in 9/11 
; I am the fire , but you were the spark ; I burn for you when all is dark . 
NYU , why'd you gotta so god-forsaken-ly difficult ? 
Even someone who works like a dog deserves at least a bone . 
; attractive features might open doors , but it takes more than physical beauty to keep them open . 
< PROPFIRST > Lambert was Glambertastic ! :D 
Happy Halloween ! :D 
Happy Divali and Deepavali guys ! :) 
HANDS 
My birthday was memorable , in many ways , bipolar : from the grandiose brunches , to the classic movies , to going behind bars . 
Gluttony is a sin ; but when you're in the food haven , you just have to repent later . 
< PROPFIRST > Yeong , Nasha Afra , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Jun Weng are suffering from MOS ( Monopoly-Obsession-Syndrome ) . 
Thank You < PROPFIRST > Yeong for planning such an unexpected party for me . Thank You Kf KahFye for tagging along in planning such an unexpected party for me . Thank You Nasha Afra not only for being such an AMAZING accountant and monopoly < PROPMALE > , but also for the card . 
< PROPMALE > You < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Choe and Sylvianto Lo for sacrificing your holidays just to celebrate with me . And I apologize for asking , \What the hell are you guys doing here ? \ " I just woke up . " 
Thank You Khaz Krazy for being such a Kraze in the club , with me :) And for introducing us to the psycho of Nazi Zombies ! Thank You Adli Shah and Uranbileg Enkhtuvshin for again , sacrificing your birthday to come celebrate with me . I know that it was a huge sacrifice . Us december babies usually celebrate alone :) Thanks everyone for the cheezilicious cheese cake ! 
Dear Elfs and Elvens ! May I wish you all a very blessed and gifted Christmas . 
; why build barriers against someone whom we haven't known ? 
Happy Boxing Day ! 
; May I flip the Year 2010 into the pages of my History-David-textbook , while flipping into a new chapter of Opportunity . 
Deadlines , so many deadlines to reach . 
Keep holding on ... 
You'll never know how many people you have in Malaysia until you visit the malls on Chinese New Year season . 
It's fun when you're home for Chinese New Years watching my younger brother singing < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > with my mom on American Idol on the PS3 while the virtual < PROPMALE > cowell says , \That was like a shrieking cat falling from a 66th floor building . \"" 
; the one thing we can never get enough of is love , and the one thing we can never give enough of is love . 
; is it odd for me to find the brain the sexiest organ ? 
; to all the single people out there , Happy Valentines Day ! :D 
If you're single , don't leave your home . Better be single at home than be singled out in the sea of couples . 
< PROPFEMALE > Loh , you rock ! :) 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has developed anorexia because of you . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup so you'll like her . The Boy you just tripped ? Is abused at home . The boy you just called queer ? He spends hours hating himself , wishing to be something he was never meant to be . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
Standing at a crossroad where all the four paths show nothing but buildings and skyscrapers ; I am in a dilemma . 
Life works in funny ways . It's the little things that really change how you feel about the big things . 
