I going to spend a week with people i barely know and i am expected to love ... Good way to start a new year . 

I hate my phone it has decided not to not turn on so if any body wants to contact me please email or message me . The new phone im thinkin of gettin nokia 5310 so if anyone has this phone give me your oppinions . 
Hey i got my new phone up and running late last night . So text me ! I don't have anybody's number in my phone !!! And new < PROPFIRST > are always welcome . 
I hate being single , any suggestions ? 
I'm tired of being at home on friday nights ! 
' s knee is killing him and is thinkin that he's going to have to break out the old pimp stick 
MY KNEE is KILLING me . I'm thinking about walking a cane , again . Any thoughts ? 
IT'S SNOWING ! IN NEW MEXICO IT'S A SIGN OF THE APPOCOLYPSE !!! QUICK TO THE SHELTER . haha i've lost my mind , but really who's going to miss it ... anybody ? 
Help me out and vote beard or goatee ? 
just saw couples retreat and it was hillarous , and please let me know your oppinion on what hair ( includes facial hair ) style you think would look best on me . 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN ! 
I just got rid of a lot of people that i had as friends that i knew and were quite frankly was just ' friends ' so i could have a higher number , a number that really means nothing to me . So if you're reading this it means that i think of you as a true friend . 
Hey can i get everyone who doesn't think of me as a friend to take me off as a friend , thank you . 
i'm ready for it to be the weekend already ... 
Me and J had a great day at the duck pond today 
I love thanksgiving 
What now ? 
Is going to hope the universe , god or what ever the hell you call it well work out in the end . 
I hate sundays for the impending week yet to come . 
I didn't make a 2.5 GPA and now I don't know what I'm going to do ... 
Has some awsome fireworks and i'm looking for places to fire them off , any suggestions ? 
is really missing his cell phone . 
Got a new cell pone but no < PROPFIRST > ! 
MY BEST FRIEND JUST HAD HIS FIRST BABY !!! CONGRATES JOLISA AND < PROPMALE > ! NOTHIN BUT LOVE FOR YOU TWO AND < PROPMALE > !!! 
isn't feeling good . :-( 
I can't motivate myself to do anything productive ! 
Misses high school cause he didn't have to be sick to call in sick but now in college you need a damn doctors to be excused from anything . 
If you’ve never felt like you were being a hypocrite , than you’re the worst kind of hypocrite . An ignorant one . 
\i'm sick and tired of being sick and tired\ " Mother < PROPFEMALE >." 
11 Years 2 Months 14 Days 22 Hours 58 < PROPFEMALE > and 12 Seconds ( roughly ) till i'm done with college 
It's my birthday today ! 
Good night everybody and thanks for all the Happy Birthday's! 
hates mid terms week 
Anyone else find it ironic that next week is spring break and it snowed this mornin ? 
hates being single 
I'm bringing J.B. ( my dog ) to campus today , if you can come say hello ! We'll probably be down by the duck pond from 12ish to 3ish , if it gets to < PROPFEMALE > we're goin to just < PROPFEMALE > out in DSH . 
Hey , if you're reading this you are one of 20 people I consider a real friend ! So this is my way of saying thanks for being a cool person and a great friend ! 
Fight for what you believe in or your beleifs aren't worth anything . 
What do you do if you think someone that is out of your league is interested in you ? 
\you can stand me up at the gates of hell but i wont back down\ " < PROPMALE > petty and the heart breakers- wont back down . " 
\could of been the champagne the champagne could of been cocaine the cocaine could of been they way you looked at me that told me we were through\ " Cavo-Champagne " 
hates spam mail . 
I've got a ton to do this weekend . I'm experiencing a combination of pleasure and dread at the thought of it . Why does it shit always seem to hit the fan all at once ? 
I got a new job ! At Sunrise Veterinary Clinic ! I'm tarrified and excited , mostly terrified ! 
Took J to campus ! i love showin off my puppy ! 
I just don't know anymore . 
Last day at sylvan ! 
\I have a tendency to wear my mind on my sleave\ 
First day at my new job , definatily had its up and downs , but i'm really enjoying it ! 
First week at my knew job . I feel like a new person after spending 62 hours working there . I've learned so much it honestly feels closer to a month than a week . 
Yes , my dad cheated on my mom ( never slept with the other woman ) . \ 
Yes , I'm ok . \ 
No , i don't think I'll forgive him . 
Startin my new schedule tomorrow it's going to be weird havin two days off in the middle of the week 
hates being single ... 
My weekend starts tomorrow and i'll be chillin with some good friends , i'm alittle stoked . 
Got allot goin on in my life some good allot bad . Kinda wishing that was swithched around . 
Molecular and celular biology+Lab ( really hard ) , Organic chemistry+Lab ( really hard ) , Phisics II ( really hard ) , water polo ( really fun ) weight lifting ( easy A ) , Work ( a necessity but allot of ... work ) next semester is going to be TOUGH ! 
is excited for poker night tomorrow with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . If anyone's interested in smoking a little hooka and playing some cards hit me up 363-0674 . 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ... Iwant all my FB friends to post how you met me . \ 
After you comment , copythis to your status . 
I miss my car :-( 
wishes he'd stop making stupid mistakes at work > -( 
OK this WOW download has officially taken over an hour ! 
Finally saw iron man II 
\Maybe we've out grown all the things that we once loved . \ 
ggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... that is all 
\I'm so cool 
DAMN ! my WOW account has been hacked . 
The only type of music i don't really listen to is country , and jazz . and i have nothing against jazz . lol \ 
But techno , metal , R&B , classical , Alternative ( clearly ) , hip hop , and rap . \ 
I mean if i didn't try to like all different types of music i would be ignorant . \ 
and ignorance spawns prejudice . 
Day 1 with new kitten\ 
The cats hate her , the dogs were happy ( as always ) and the kitten liked everyone except J . I think his size scares her . \ 
And i found her hiding in the couch frame ! the only way i found her is when she started moving around and i heard her . She's an exploitative little one ! 
Wants EVERYONE to look over my profile and tell me one thing you learned about me . Then re-post this message to see what people didn't know about you ! 
Feel like a F*&^ing kid at work cause I'm the only one who hasn't been there for years , \ 
I feel like an old man at home because I'm trying to help my mom through her divorce . \ 
Thank you to all my friends that do poker night w ' me i don't know how I'd handle it without that one night a week i feel 19 ! 
YAY it's the weekend for me ! 
Without evil we couldn't spell it backwards ! 
1 week 1 day till i start school can't wait till i play water polo i'm not lookin forward to the HW . 
Right and wrong is a matter of perspective , but to often the only perspectives people think of is there own ... Fuck it people wont change , they'll look after themselves before humanity . 
Watched sponge < PROPMALE > today and now i just want to be ten again 
\Somewhere beyond happiness and sadness i need to calculate what creates my own madness \"" 
First day back to school tomorrow ! 
In a week i'll be studyin my a ** off , till then i'm bored . 
DAMN YOU E-RESERVES DAMN YOU TO HELL !!!!!!!!!!!! 
OK did the math if i crank out 17 credit hours next semester then the fallowing semester i can go to nmsu ... 
just wants to be the one wanted instead of the one wanting ... 
Wants a new tattoo , and i want it to mean \time is precious . \ " Any ideas ? " 
Some Hooka tonight with some good friends should help me get over the crappy day i had . 
I'm cracking under all the stress i'm already feeling it , damn it . 
I've got the caffeine and no hope 
Who ever said men can't be raped has never one of deck's tests . 
Felt like he couldn't do shit right at work today ... 
I WAS HAPPY ! a second ago cause i was lookin for a dime and nothing bad was going to happen if i didn't find that dime , my grades are fine no one was goin to yell at me . \ 
I was content and happy ! 
I hate homework ! 
woohoo 24 hours no sleep , only like 12 more hours of studying till i can sleep ... anyone know where i can get some speed ? lol JK ... or am I ???? HA 
is pissed and needs to blow off steam . Any recommendations ? 
Hey , hey you ... Monday F you too ! 
Closed monday and now i don't have to close friday ! 
Got suspended for a day and i'm getting my pay docked for missing a mandatory meeting last night at work , not the best day ... 
Has physics tomorrow :-P 
30 hours no sleep , lots of OChem . 
Wisdom is not defined by age but by experience . 
life's what you make of it ... 
just saw the social network . i guess every great invention has a great story behind it . 
Forgot his cellphone at home . It's kinda nice actually . 
So much to do so little time 
It's easier to study OChem than physics ... Cause I'm not as scared of my physics professor . 
How would you define me ? 
I GOT A 100% ON MY PHYSICS TEST !!! I'm the only one in the class that did , whoop ! 
Last night , I DIDN'T go to a concert with one of my favorite bands , I DIDN'T go to a party for my work , I DIDN'T go smoke hooka with one of my best friends ... I DID work on an essay ... 
OChem ... sucks 
is finally going to watch grandma's boy . Thanks < PROPFIRST > Kroupa . 
Random Person : \Are you protected from sexual predators online ? \ " \ 
Needs some new music everyone give me your favorite artist , band , whatever . 
It's going to be a long night ! 
So much OChem still to do ! 
Things I want for christmas-\ 
1 ) A ipod nano 3rd gen with 2 gb\ 
2 ) a gift card to that subglasses place in the mall\ 
3 ) A ' B ' IN ORGANIC CHEMISTRY 
i am 19 , i look 23 , i feel like i am 50 , and i am treated like i am 12 ... Help ! 
Is probably going to spend thanksgiving alone ... :-( 
Really want's his OChem test grade back ! 
The past 6 months have been nuts . \ 
New job , ( crazy intense)\ 
Tough semester ( toughest yet)\ 
Parents getting a divorce ... \ 
Yet I'm so thankful that i have a job in such tough times and one that will help me towards my goals . And that i have the option of going to school . And that i learned what kind of man my dad is . 
Not looking forward to next semester more hours at work and more hours at school > -P 
what are you suppose to be doing right now besides facebooking ? 
#12 You are too pretty for how smart you are , you have everything going for you , you're an excelent friend and i hope we have many more late nights eating junkfood , complaining about proffessors and craming as much info as we can into our skulls !!! 
#27 What can i say your a cool person i wish we hanged out more , i cant wait till i move down to cruces in the fall and we can study/cram/hang out/ ... together ! 
#2 your a real chill dude one of the few that know all about the stupid stuff i did in high school . You always did right by me man , and we should < PROPFEMALE > out man , catch up . Peace 
I'm down to play the < PROPFIRST > game , send me a message guys . 
#22 Your one of the most bipolar people i know . You could be looking at me and go from smiling to glaring without anyone saying a word , lol . that being said your a cool person a good friend . 
#3 !!!! your one of my best friends and i hope you like that title , cause thats not something i'm planning on changing anytime soon . Here's to our memories and making many more brotha ! 
#42 We took C++ in high school together , you and i reconnected via facebook , and i wish you all the best when you get deployed . Hit me up some time i'd like to catch up . 
#29 You're one of my closest friends we have been through acedemic hell together and you are like the older sister i always wanted ( my 2 older sisters are going to kill me for that ) lol . 
One more final down 
Is anyone Else done with finals ? 
They're making another fast and the furious ... i have mixed feelings about this . 
I'm going to geek out on WOW for a month ! 
Just saw TSO amazing show . Driving home tomorrow . 
I got a new phone !!! I need < PROPFIRST > text me ; 1(505)363-0674 
Starting to get sick . > -P 
Ready for Saturday 
Those 6 hour drives are both fun and draining . But at the end you feel like you accomplished something 
Plan for the worst , Expect the best . 
Gah ! It's my day off and I can't stay asleep past 7:30 . 
Are you a parking ticket ? Cause you got fine written all over you . 
Anyone know about the new constellation for astrology ? 
Off work now to my lab . Wed 
Off work now to my lab ... Wednesdays are going to suck . 
today was national hugging day . Who did you hug ? 
So if you learn from your mistakes and you learn something new everyday , then make sure you make at least one mistake everyday . 
So much to do in so little time 
You ever want to say how really feel but you don't want people to worry about you so you wind up saying some lame ass comment . 
Rise Against In < PROPMALE > April 15 and 16 ! 
Right and wrong is like left and right ... A matter of perspective . 
For those of you that don't know the goatee is gone ... 
Last week of being a teenager is going to be spent at work or under ground studying for tests ... FML 
I'm going to be here underground studying all night ... so if i post something ... out there , please bring me caffeine ( or speed ) . LOL 
The test is 18 hours away . And I've been studying all week and I'm still not prepared . 
2 Hours of intense studying then the test . Wish me luck ! 
Thanks for all the happy wishes everyone . 
Favorite song off endgame is #5 Satellite 
If Ochem is my life right now and I hate OChem I can only come to the conclusion I hate my life 
I HATE THESE ALL-NIGHTERS 
