back to illinois today 

6 days down ... 3 to go 
how did the cubs do it again ... haha its about time they were on somewhat of a roll 
im going to kick < PROPFIRST > mcglynn out of my house 
im guna put < PROPFIRST > mcglynn out of my house 
had a disappointing day but what an experience to play with some great players ... guess ill get them next time 
just got done chillin out by the pool ... cookin a pizza then right back in 
Cubs need to stop playing bad !! 
countdown til cancun mexico ..... 5 months 
Happy 21st Aud 
Back to the Hills tommorow ... thank god im out of rockridge 
All moved in ..... let the good times roll 
really .... did we really have to come back to the campus when there was nothing to do ???? 
Did anyone see < PROPFEMALE > Rida mackin on Ms. Venzuela 
Man vs . WIld .............. Fuck Yea !!! 
Indian Hills Security Cop ... 2 words for you ... Fuck You 
Da Bears !!!! 
3 nights in a row getting kicked out of the weight room .... lets get it together hills 
Is really glad that I didnt watch the illini get their ass raped by Missou .... would of made my day worse 
just got served Subway from 2 drunk women who were fuckin weird 
Fuck my Tv blew up and doesnt work anymore !!!!!!!!! 
Wanting to ski right now ..... change it up a bit 
just noticed in every local ottumwa commercial their slogan is Ill treat u right 
Tourney tommorow .... career fest is feeling in full force for tommorow 
done with the Hasley Cup ... once again Illinois takes it up the butt by Iowa 
4 picks Cutler ??? Really 
Got my passport for Cancun !! Only 3 months left 
I hate biology ..... what is the point of it 
Bear Grylls nearly dies from a log breaking 50 feet off the ground ..... dodges a ship ... what can stop him ?? 
ITS THE WEEKEND !!!!! HELL YEA 
Down in Kansas ..... Middle of nowhere 
Coach Hagen : All just a bunch of pussies 
That was the worst conditions ive ever played in 
Welcome to the good life .... its the weekend 
Watchin the office .... fuckin brilliant 
There was no fire alarm last night !!!! HAHA 
even though Im not a Lions fan ...... its about time they wina game 
stressed out from all the homework ..... shouldnt of procrastinated 
GET SOME !!!!!!!!!! 
if i fall if if die know i lived the fullest ... if i fall if i died know i missed them missin bullets ... im on the pursit of happyiness ill be fine once i get it in 
really needs to learn to log off his computer 
hahaha .... out in the cold with a few brews in me ..... love it 
4 hours of biology ..... woopie 
oh yes its the weekend ... now i dont have class til next thursday ..... thank god 
all that money lil < PROPMALE > has made off of drugs and guns is guna buy him a husband in prison ...... what an idiot 
im on the pursuit of happiness ... ill be fine once i get it in ... ill be good .... tell me what u know bout dreamin 
all the crazy s&@* i did tonight .... those will be the best memories 
the high life is about celebrating not seperating 
ready for another one of monsons hellish workouts 
finally its the weekend 
BULLS win .... good start 
countdown to beers and deers ... 10 days 
im feelin a sleepless night 
Five day weekend .... nice 
workout .... watch tv .... typical life at hills 
goin to spain this summer .... very nice 
its guna be a good day tator 
7 hours in the stand ..... not a single deer shows up 
< PROPFIRST > gould is the bears best player by far ..... quite sad 
oh college .. how u are getting really old 
deers and beers part 2 this weekend ..... miss iowa next weekend .... not a bad two weeks 
18 days til out of the cold and off to cancun 
holy sh@% show last night 
goin to ames today for miss iowa ..... good luck k doe 
tired of the homework ..... break cant be here soon enough 
one day until skiing ... its about time 
round 2 tonight 
goin skiing 
lost my wallet skiing ugh 
havin christmas with the family ... guna have my toes in the water ass in the sand in 3 days 
Cancun tommorow 
1800 ... burn it ... burn it !!! 
back to hills ... no more 85 degree days for a few months 
just caught hypothermia in my dorm room 
night classes cancelled ... ready to get this week over and go skiing 
watchin nip/tuck 
did someone say beers ?? 
BAMA !! 
well stayin at hills for the weekend 
bored out of my mind 
geekin 
Intramurals tonight 
5 < PROPFEMALE > . in the stand ..... all it took 
layin back listening to some goo goo dolls .... cant be bothered 
goin to south < PROPFEMALE > tommorow to see < PROPMALE > and chelle hopefully its goin to be warm there 
hahahaha what a good night 
leavin for South < PROPFEMALE > today whoop whoop 
FML today 
Weekend at hills ..... what to do ?? 
X Games tonight !! 
< PROPFIRST > White is the man ! 
bout to watch the x games .... see if < PROPFIRST > white can win three in a row 
the buried life 
time to dominate at some intramural b-ball 
getting really tired of procrastinating 
its time to make a trip i think to arizona 
ready for next weekend to be here already 
let it snow ... and hopefully not have school tommorow 
going to IC tommorow !! 
Bday weekend up in Iowa City about to start 
lettin the fists fly in IC ! 
thanks for the bday wishes everybody 
Come On < PROPFIRST > White ! 
Tiger Woods should not be apologizing for being P . I . M . P 
ready for ill st. this weekend !!! 
back here at this hell hole full of snow 
is ready for Sunday to be here and to be down in Texas ! 
is 84 good ?? 
finally back in iowa after a long week in texas 
its time for a new computer 
wind , rain ..... u know it spring golf 
lookin forward to spending spring break in mississippi 
Hey Chicago what do u say the Cubs are going to win today 
watching womens basketball ..... frankly id rather watch paint dry 
back in O-Town after a good week in illinois 
Come on < PROPFIRST > !!! 
cant wait to go out on the river in my parents new boat 
once it hits ur lips it tastes so good ! 
is a 29 shot lead after the first round good ? 
Obama why are you coming to Hills while I wont be here ? 
Coach Hagen : Were guna slit their throats and tear out their hearts and stomp on them lol 
Dollar Pitchers+Iowa City = One Epic Night 
only 2 days left and then goodbye hills its been fun 
goodbye hills its been great 
been in moline airport since 430 this morning feeling the after effects of a long night lol 
life .... i need to figure you out 
watchin the waterboy maybe one of the best movies of all time 
golf course then to menards now back to fishing 
nothin worse than driving and a big wolf spider crawls up your leg and then freak out in the middle of the road while dodging traffic ... yes i just got done doing that 
illinois today spain tommorow !!!! 
holding the american flag tonight was something that i will never forget !! 
cant wait to get back to the states .... i really hate antequa golf 
Now that the tournament is over let the beer fest begin !!!! 
good to be back home from the long trip over to spain 
seems like a good day to be on the river 
watchin half baked .... great movie 
alright rain thats enough 
all signed up for the jdc qualifer now to pull out some rounds 
going boating for the afternoon ! 
its guna be a messy night tonight 
summer needs to last forever 
late night munchies 
missin keokuk room 103 
bout to end this current 7 game losing streak in pool ball ..... well if i lose it doesnt matter plenty of booze with the friends 
i think the tiger woods < PROPFEMALE > just might be over 
hangin out by the pool 
needs to be out on the river very soon 
listening to samie adams .... hes the man to say the least 
golfing and boating tommorow im living the good life 
thursday night can not be here soon enough 
I'm < PROPMALE > Burgandy ?? 
Here We Go 
sleep sounds good 
nothing feels better than winning 
\If you dont like lighthouses you suck \"" 
going to get another car ..... so long grocery getter lol 
less than a week left in illinois then off to south < PROPFEMALE > 
going to be an epic night 
last day in illinois ..... its been a good ride 
beer pong having different rules here in the south ......... not a fan 
school starting today ...... i really could of used a few more days of summer 
procrastinating ..... nothings changed 
what i would do to go boating right now 
what is pain .......... french bread 
TV sounds so much better than playing golf at the moment 
heading up to maryland ... first ACC tourney 
well ill be seeing you illinois in june instead of april ................. which is fine 
Bears vs Packers ...... i think thats a little more important than reading a text book 
living at the library today ..... not how i pictured today 
wendys giving out free ice cream .... legit 
thanks for the free point < PROPFIRST > 
leaving for nc state tourney tommorow 
going to the alabama south < PROPFEMALE > game on saturday 
drove back from columbia at 5 in the morning ... im wrecked for the rest of the day 
its going to be a rough two months not going to a golf course 
Jackass 3D tonight , that's fine 
hates working on ten < PROPFEMALE > papers .... cant wait to be done with english 
watching the new season of the inbetweeners 
hit the links for the first time today for a while ..... to bad i had to pay 
going to an alcohol class tonight ..... why cant < PROPFEMALE > be like every other country and have the legal age at 18 ? 
only another month left til im back in the QC .... counting the days down 
Strength and honor 
stepped on an ant hill today didnt even notice the 100 ants on my legs until they all stung .... worst pain ever 
thirsty thursday couldnt come at a better time 
charleston for the weekend ! 
decision to make this week or next = stressful 
needs another fall break because the first wasnt enough 
tripped and fell down on the last few steps of a stairway ..... thank god no one was around to see an epic fail 
going to be a leatherneck next semester ! 
needs a nap desperatly after a great night last night .... < PROPFIRST > Morrison you will be missed 
my apartment literally smells of < PROPMALE > mahoganey , now i just need the leatherbound books 
TGIF and im out of class 
manny pac = greatness 
is that gunshots i hear firing outside of my dorm room .... love living in a neighborhood where all they want for christmas are the charges dropped 
going to the links to practice a bit on the short game 
relax people , monday night football is on tonight 
listening to cudi , cant be bothered with anything tonight 
going to USC vs . < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ... then < PROPFEMALE > and matts bday ... sets up for one more epic day 
im sorry liver but today isnt over 
only a few more days until break !! 
transcripts are finally taken care of .... cant wait to play some competitve golf again next semester 
getting ready to fly back home 
home and ready for a few great days 
food poisoning in atlanta airport ...... lovely 
anyone intersted in buying a set of mizuno irons for 100 bucks ?? 
Tiger actually has a lead again hes prob going to reward himself with a prostitute after the round ..... good to have u back tiger 
16-1 for beer pong for the night .... ran the table .. needless to say i rock 
this weekend wasnt a bad way to go out ... only one more week of finals then peace out florence ... we had some great times 
traded the ap2s for a set of nike Vs ...... best decision of my life 
pumping the calories .... ive been worthless all week 
alright i think its time to play the < PROPFIRST > game for the hell of it 
studying hard < procrastinating 
i swear to god if the people downstairs dont stop playing their rap at full volume im going to do the ultimate tweak on them 
Congrats to my big sis and < PROPFIRST > for becoming engaged ... ur wedding is going to be crazy ! 
last round in SC today ... then heading home on monday ... looking foward to absoltely no school for over a month and hanging out with a few great friends 
ready to get the last final over with 
doing the last final and then coming home .... then up to macomb 
finally visiting westerns campus and the new apartment tomorrow 
time to hit the slopes ! 
tin cup 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ur my hero 
Wall Street was unreal 
finally hunting season tomorrow 
about to watch < PROPFIRST > y < PROPFIRST > snipe some people 
hopefully not going to break a leg skiing today 
just made plans to head to ottumwa next week 
Don't be silly < PROPFIRST > Peterson 
wow oregon you suck at running the ball tonight 
great .... dog just barfed on my foot 
one month to the day until freedom !! 
got that really bad itch to get back out on the course 
finally heading to macomb tomorrow !! 
Hello ... how bout that ride in ? I guess thats y they call it sin city 
this weekend cant get here soon enough 
TGIF 
connor gillund = the man 
nothing like < PROPMALE > IV to start the day 
hey chicago what do u say , them BEARS are going to win today 
thank god monday is over ... goin back to bed 
didnt realize how the road right on campus is like real life frogger 
42.00 dollar parking ticket ... for having my sticker in the back of my car than the front ... are you serious WIU parking cop ?? 
its five o clock somewhere 
going to be in vegas on my 21st Bday ... but since we have a practice round the next day i cant celebrate there ...... torture 
can it be Feb 19th yet ?? 
Look out < PROPFIRST > Kaymer and < PROPFIRST > Westwood cause Tiger is going to take back number one before the Masters 
14 inches of snow is supposed to fall with 40 mph winds ... i guess a short week would be alright 
Vegas trip really needs to get here asap 
alright Western another day off would be useful 
Vegas one week ... 21st bday party the next ... its going to be a good February ! 
new Tosh . 0 !! 
weekend is finally here ... and Vegas !! 
