What the fuck ? There's no music on facebook ! Argh , lame . 

got my first official job today ! self-employed i guess lol . I do sales for Dish's third party company titled Primetime . 
new photo . comment <3 
I feel a physical pain on my heart ( or chest .. ) , a love for all , and a loneliness ... 
Deftones is awesome !! especially the song Nosebleed live at the drunken waldrock . 
well well well im skinny < PROPMALE > 
happy easter !! 
feelin pretty bomb about my recently ( greatly ) increased guitar skillz . got a college audition this saturday , nearly prepared . 
cant wait to finish this song im writing . sounds unbelievable . 
woot i got accepted into Five Town's College :) 
the song is coming along awesomely . i plan on spending a lot of time writing it so it comes out really good . although , the sooner i finish the better . X ) 
wtf the bassist from slipknot died ... 
goin 2 phoenix soon ! cant wait to see all my friends and family ! excited ? i am . 
happy memorial's day ! goin to th beach . 
woot prom 2maro ! kidna excite but it was kidna expensive ( 165$) so it better b good lol 
prom 2night !! supposed to be 660 people .. 
Prom photos are up . check em out n comment . hopefully sometime soon ill get the rest of the pictures from my friends they took of us and themselves . 
if u wana c me play drums ( unrehearsed ) check out < PROPFEMALE > vids .. 
alright !! i finally finished the most complex song i've ever written . a whopping 8 minutes and 277 measures . 98% complete ( mixing , organizing , notation ) all that's left is the lyrics . 
woot !! im goin to phoenix july 17 ! fo 2 weeks\ 
baby yeah . -ive written 10 songs now starting from 2005 
yay i passed the reading comprehension with a\ 
99 which means i dont have to take a college-level readin course . i have to go back and retake the algebra test because i was one point behind the required ... 
going camping ( and hiking ) 2maro for a day and a half ! fun . =) 
just got back from hammock camping ! twas fun . \ 
phoenix in 6 days ..! 
yayy im in phoenix now . hot as hell tho . 
hey im in phoenix now . if you wana chill or something hit me up . -5168643160- 
got back from phoenix yesterday . trip was great , i just wish it could have been a lil longer . 
comment new photos plz 
yay i passed my second retake ( algebra ) of my placement exam yesterday with an average scolre ! accepted at NCC woot . 
well .. 2day i chilled with a guy who jammed \ 
with < PROPMALE > Dylon on the beach once and my taxi driver is friends with the \ 
drummer from Dream Theater ..! 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
front , back , and corkscrew flips off the diving board ftw 
getting closer to getting a band and making awesome music . 
i start training for my new job 2maro . i work at the borders cafe now woot . finally , a job . 
yay , a few forward steps in life .. got a job , starting a band , planning college .. now i just need to take a few medical steps forward and some legal stuff . 
OMG its gana take like 4 more years to be where i wana b ..! screw u , reality 
feelin alright . gana have my shift scheduled next week 
3 new poems ive written since i came to NY . check em out on my blog(s ) 
what is this unusual balance inside myself lately ? 
nearly failed at work today .. 
goin to audition 4 lead singer for a band tomorrow . wish me luck . gana sing Ariels by System of a down . luckily for me its an easy song and good < PROPFEMALE > tch for < PROPFEMALE > voice 
make sure not to take life for granted ... you could find out you have cancer the next day or the sun could give out . jus give life your best 
i got my first itouch ! yippee 
please please fast forward through this part of my life cuz it's so SLOW and grinding 
savin up to go to phoenix this christmas and/or new years 
What should I put here for everyone to read , \ 
Oojebuhgooba ? 
What should I put here for everyone to read , Oojebuhgooba ? 
At work takin a breather 
Woot ! Finished writing my latest song ! Ill stream it once I print and copy write it sometime tomorrow 
myspace sucks . everything happens on facebook 
Alright people here's some streams of some songs i wrote ! The order is from newest to oldest ( top to bottom . ) the first http://lnk.ms/GbJVY 
< PROPFEMALE > , so i learned today that if your job says to give 2 weeks notice when you quit you dont do it because their just going to fuck you over and fire you ASAP anyways . I gave one weeks notice and they bitched about it being not 2 weeks notice and im not working the one week anyways .. how professional ! 
sucks being poor 
People sure can be jerk-offs 
yay finished writing a new song . the title is The Need for Control . if you want to hear it tell me and ill upload it =D 
Jesus , im sick of these problems i was born with . ive been sick of em since i was ten . this physical therapy better help ... im not paying $50 a week for bullshit results 
gettin shit done ! goddamn , its about time to move up in life .. 
Cephalic Carnage , graaahh ! 
... only .. this .. manupart .. crescent in shape as escape ... 
Gettin ready for the eclipse 
i have a pet goblin named Rudi , also , its pretty funny how its easier to j-walk here than it is to cross at the light , even with the signal and all 
christmas in one day , yay . and i now have more 9,000 songs in my library .... and minimum duplicates . 
for those whom sliver in their own world and lack sight outside it , i wish for thee a fucking soul . \ 
hmm now where was i ? right , a sandwich ... AND CHRISTMAS :D 
marry xmas !! 
lots of snow , dang 
happy new years 
Mmmm .. pumpernickel bagel and cinnamon , walnut , raisin cream cheese , pretty exotic =P 
practice , practice ... \ 
makes jamming awesome 
ACHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?....... If you're allergic to bull shit , drama queens , head games , liars , 2 faced people , keep this sneeze going ... I can't wait to see who'll repost ... lol ... WTF ??? 
woot , jam tomorrow ! 
Well , well , well , < PROPMALE > Crimson ! 
Last night i had a crazy dream I dreamd that my house was conected 2 a huge hot topic store that i workd at , thru the bathroom but i wasnt sure if i workd ther n i was written up as a deconciever ( wtf is that ? ) My old boss from borders was working there too and right across the street was a Seattles Best Cafe where i used to work but the logo was screwed up 
feelin some new music is about to come out 
i witnessed a dog having a seizure today ... or maybe it was a heart attack .. pretty freaky . it survived tho and is at the doggy hospital 
bein poor sucks . i had to buy groceries for the first time 
bustin bustin bustin out on the guitar 
anyone want to give me a ride to the show tomorrow in Amityville !? id help pay for gas if ya need 
recording tomorrow ... wish me a solid , and smooth time 
my poetry now weeps blood from my ears . \ 
thy ears are sentenced to death . \ 
your soul shall replenish what is lost . \ 
in return i < PROPMALE > you vision . 
zombie strippers has a lot of cephalic carnage .. 
time to give a guitah lesson .. 
shit , i have written enough music for a 24 < PROPFEMALE > EP with only four tracks .. ( i could make it six tracks and then it would be 29 < PROPFEMALE > EP ) XD just finished the fourth one today . not going to upload that one sorry :( but if you are one of my good friends i will send it to you personally if you want . 
happy ground hogs day 
life sure can be cooky 
alright ! i just got internet in the new house . finally moved out and got our own place . 
fuck my finances ... and the economy . i wish i had a car . 
happy v day you fuckers :) 
Computer broke . Fml hoPe I can fix it ... 
met with the producer from < PROPMALE > today ... great music will be on it's way shortly !! cant wait for things to get started . search fb for De Lion and Hostel Ayalon label to see some of the stuff we will be doing ! 
my time is coming as a musician . don't worry you can all live in my castle hahahaha 
hurray i finally finished cleaning my new room ! when i first moved in i could barely breath ... let alone smell 
fuckin A i need a bassist ... and a drummer ....! 
Genghis tron ftw 
just got my federal tax return woot . been waiting since i filed for it lol 
check out the music vids i uploaded if you are interested in seeing some of the music i have been invloved with for the past month 
just finished doing some research on genres ... how many of you have heard of post-metal or sludge metal ? 
that tsunami was 500 mph ... terrifying 
dear god , can i have a new father please ? \ 
the one i have now is a jackass 
i feel as if i have been in a haze the past few days .. 
i have the weirdest dreams sometimes ...... 
happy st pattys 
i just had an epiphany about socially righteous people ... realizing this common problem that is still present to this day . 
i guess i am really a bassist after all .. even though i have been trained on the guitar . all the bands i get in i end up being the bassist , and when people see me walking around with my instrument in its case they always guess its a bass ( because i look like a bassist they say . ) it must be because i have been trained with drums too . drums + guitar = bass ... 
give me some fucking money 
