never mind .. its we go by < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and stew . HA 

is gonna die 
no good 
goin to camp for a week : ) gonna be amazing 
ALL MY HOMES ... we gotta go back to folsom lake . BEFORE . school starts . and you wuss boys gotta git your asses in the water . haha 
dropped my phone in the ppoooolll !! @ ! any one got old ones ?????? in washingotn for a week leaving tomorrow bii : ) 
oohhhhh shit . 
drive two hours to see freidns ???? no idea 
whose got balls and wants to come to the rope swings with me 
linear or power and whats the equation ????????? 
party ?? yes . 
driving stick .. frustrating but soon .... gonna be pro . lol 
dude everybody just seems freakin down . what is going on with the world man . 
well uh .... i wana jump big tit . whose with me 
the sky should be a world wonder . but since everbody sees it every day , it think they take it granted 
the sky should be a world wonder . but since everybody sees it every day , i think they take it for granted 
i better not be getting sck : P 
haha thanks guys for all wishing me happy bday : ) 
currently : sick 
: ) 
yelling 
21\ at < PROPFEMALE > . yeaa baby " 
what the heckkkkkkk i got hacked 
1 more week 
PISSSSED 
You're illest enemy is in the looking glass .. But you really couldn't stand lookin at your crooked ass .. So you workin every single angle .. Thinkin you'd be the man if I wasn't here to compare to .. My advice to you is to do the fuck you .. And if you ain't willin my dude , then fuck you = : ) ahah 
we go by buby , toots , pip , and pooky 
or < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and shwave haha 
if it hit you in the eyes wouldn't you have seen it comin ? hahaha 
coconut 
DID < PROPFIRST > PEARCE DIE ??? 
no : ) 
practically official : montana state here i come 
i wish i could get albums instantly and have the time to listen to everything and actually soak it up haha 
Barely trust them their all puppets , love is nothing scared of success 
so fresh so clean listenin to J5 while washin the opel .. good day 
one day i'll be good at piano 
BABE 
starry skies , running , < PROPFIRST > mayer => : ) 
time is way too fast 
im gonna miss those 90 horses . im gonna miss my bro . friends , family , and hot weather . haha but this is gonna be so fun 
this is ridiculous .. 
i wonder that if your college math teacher is drawing cats as < PROPFIRST > while teaching , it means this class is a joke 
ATMOSPHERE tonight : ) \ 
and i find i can never get enough ice cream 
< PROPFEMALE > moments i want em haha 
thanks every one for wishin me happy birthday : ) haha made me smile 
i wanna chicken sanwhich and sum waffle fries 
i literally can't wait for it to snow 
just figured out my phone won't receive messages .. great . 
im so gay 
... thats the life 
GIIIANNTTSSS 
no phone , check . skis mounted , check . flowin , check . snow ... on its way 
snnoooww :) 
i got totally schedule effed : P 
lalalala florida : ) 
ya um ... its 8 degrees outside right now .. at 1 in the afternoon 
So Florida man says : California will be the first to have a man in his own house being arrested for smoking a cigarette by a swat team that is high off their mind 
i love california sunshine 
so far .. not impressed with montana skiing .. 
first off .. pissed .. second .. because who the hell would take thongs from your laundry ? cause i'm pretty sure there's not a black hole in the laundry room sucking em up 
a < PROPFIRST > morrison day 
my sand dollar is gone ... i think im going to cry 
blueberry 
holy freakin cow . ok i just gotta say this . in tahoe . 2ft of snow . per hour ? uh . yes . 
struggle , hustle , soul , < PROPFEMALE > 
does anyone have golf clubs i could borrow for today ?? haha 
