Was sad to find , that one of the trees he pruned monday was split in half by 60 mph winds later that night . 

Hates staining the deck . 
Likes Mowing the lawn , but maybe its only because I get to use a zero turn mower ... 
got a new phone finally after 3 weeks , 816-565-1579 call or text if you ever need to talk to an asshole . 
loved Funny People , another great comedy from Apatow . I highly recommend it . 
Stayed at home all day , in the basement . Hooray for being a recluse . 
Playing Tetris while listening to SModcast = Best recluse past time ever . 
Wishes lutes were not so expensive ... 
Just bought 3 < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and 1 Mercyful Fate album from Hastings all used ! Bonus ! 
Porch Monkey 4 Life ( Taking it back ) 
No school tomorrow ... SUCK IT NORFOLK ! 
Fucking Anal , Got tickets to see Megadeth on the 5th of Dec in Kansas City . Best ! 
New season of Its Always < PROPFEMALE > In Philladelphia , Woot ! 
I'm an alien , I'm a legal alien . I'm an Englishman in New York ... 
is immersed in a suffocating quantity of boredom . 
up at one in the morning playing bass , good times ... 
If only I could find something to do on this dreary weekend ... 
wants his own Shaft-esque theme song . 
His crew includes a badger with a troubled past and nothing left to lose . An elephant who never forgets ... TO KILL ! And a seldom used crab named Lucky ... aka Citizen Snips ... 
Oh < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , how doth your voice soar so high ? 
ponders that the tang at the back of his throat could perhaps be metal shavings that came from his blender into his smoothie and not the sweet sting of delicious blue berries ... 
back to Norfolk on Thursday for the weekend 
Just picked up Sting's new album , pretty awesome so far . 
Salsa shark ... Were going to need a bigger boat ! Man goes into cage , cage goes into salsa . Shark is in the salsa , our shark ... 
What else does the box say ?.... 
Thank god the Grammys recognize Metallica as a rock group and not metal , the metal Metallica of old is long gone . The shitty Metallica is now what exists ... 
So Norfolk almost became a fiery ball of death today ? 
Excited to come to Norfolk for Christmas break tomorrow . 
Stalking facebook , listening to podcasts , bored ... my life ! 
wants to live in Tibet after seeing a video of Tibetan Monks in history today ... 
I yearn to see Megadeth live again ... If only the American Carnage tour would have came anywhere near where I live , I could have seen the three most amazing bands in thrash metal ; Megadeth , Slayer , and Testament . All at once ! But alas , they seem to purposefully skirt around me by having Chicago be the closest venue to me ... There is always next year I suppose . 
Holy Reorganization , Batman ! Facebook just pulled a fast one on me ... 
No school tomorrow . If I succumb to gibbering , I'll have you know it was likely out of boredom and not insanity . Or maybe insanity from boredom ... or maybe both ! 
Why can't < PROPFIRST > Richards be killed by conventional weapons ? 
is going to play some fuﬂball tomorrow , who's in ? 
Sting on < PROPFIRST > Kimmel after oscars ? Oh snap ! 
will hopefully get out and play some tennis today ... 
Pawns in the game are not victims of < PROPMALE > , strewn on the fields of Belgium and < PROPFEMALE > . Poppies for young men , Death's bitter trade . All of those young lives betrayed ... All for a \Children's Crusade \"." 
So I went for a walk and what not but now I'm bored ... anybody want to do anything ? 
There comes a time for every nation to have a < PROPFEMALE > age , this is the beginning of the end of ours . The United States of < PROPFEMALE > was once one of the few countries where you could work hard and expect to get what you deserved . Where royalties and political ties did not determine your status . You were where you were by your own decisions . 
No need for thoughts on innovation or change , because your Government will determine what change is needed . The perfect machine that is pitch black and pure white , there is no need for colors . This is our new future , brought by our own ignorance , electing fools who would rather throw away the lives of thousands than their own jobs . This is the beginning of the end ... 
Be still my beating heart ... 
< PROPFIRST > Steele , singer/bassist of Type O Negative , died last night from heart failure ... 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . T'was a good day overall , a little lonesome though , but still a good one . 
Heading to State Music Contests in Columbia . 
I am overly excited for Gates of Summer , its going to be an awesome weekend ! 
This weekend was very awesome , had a blast at Gates , an amazing 4 hour long Black Knight battle was the highlight of my Saturday ! Also thinking about how busy this Summer is going to be , but how great an experience it will be . Two weeks at Westminster University in Princeton , NJ , learning from the professors there will be awesome ! 
On my way to Jah Make Ya for a mission trip for the week . 
Is back in the USA . 
Any of you Norfolk fools want to < PROPFEMALE > out today ? 
Go Karts in Yankton tommorow ? Happy happy joy joy happy happy joy ! 
Busy watching < PROPFIRST > fail at Starfox 64 . 
\All your life you've never seen a woman taken by the wind . Would you stay if she promised you heaven ? Will you ever win ? \"" 
On my way to New Jersey . 
is finally back in Nebraska after an amazing 2 weeks in New Jersey . 
. 
\\" 0 \"." 
Happy fun business time watchin ' TV's . 
Hoodrats for life ! 
Chillin ' in South < PROPFEMALE > ... Good times ! 
Cake bakin ' time ! 
50 piece nugget time ! 
Who wants to play Scattergories ? 
Robot Unicorn Attack , the pinnacle of masculinity . 
Grillout at 11:40 bring your own chicken ! 
Hardcore grillin ' again ... my house ... boom ! People are welcome , bring your own chicken ! 
Dolomite , the tough black mineral that won't cop out when there's heat all about ! 
Midnight bike ride through the hills of Norfolk was pretty legit . 
That sound , does not sound very sound .... wait what ? 
\You should know ! You tear out your pubes all the time and sprinkle them over shit like the god damned pube fairy ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > Higginbotham to < PROPFIRST > Rau " 
http://hotchickswithdouchebags.com/ 
Mmm , the mass of concentrated cookie brick that I ate earlier is starting to work its way up and preparing to project out my gullet at high speeds ! Delicious ! 
Starting the day off with some < PROPFEMALE > , is what makes a man . 
Megadeth , Testament , and Slayer tomorrow . It's gonna be awesome . Don't expect me to\ 
be singing tuesday after my voice is shot from the concert . 
Off to see Megadeth , Testament , and Slayer . 
1.21 Jiggawatts ! 
DEAD-TOOTH < PROPFIRST > ! 
Ooo ! Tasty ! 
There are many Jeffs in the world , and many Toms as well . But I ... am Sancho . 
Season tickets for The Lyric Opera , opera company , of Kansas City . Oh Snap ! 
< PROPFIRST > tomorrow , I'm about as giddy as a young school girl ! 
Watching one of the best movies of all time right now ... Blade Runner . 
Black Swans and Wormhole Wizards , ooh that's hot ! 
A nice Friday night , with some calm , but lonely chill time with myself . 
So apparently , a bunch of cars with my exact same engine were recalled , because the engine has a < PROPMALE > of turning my car into a great big fiery cage of death . \ 
\ 
Dayumn ... 
Omaha today , it's gonna be sweet ! 
Tomorrow I make my voyage from the muggy south lands , north to the frigid valleys of Norfolk , where I shall revel in great companionship . Nay , ' tis not a quest to feed the < PROPFEMALE>'s of the war-god Odin , but one for the goddess Nanna . But , if the speak of this new fort is true , than the wolves may have their feast this weekend as we dare fell mighty oaks to claim a new home . 
Early one morning with time to kill , I see the gallows up on the hill . And out in the distance , a trick of the brain , I see a lone rider crossing the plain . He's come to fetch me to see what they done and we'll ride together til kingdom come . I pray for God's mercy , for soon I'll be dead ... I < PROPMALE > my head . 
So , it's 38 in Norfolk and down here its 66 ... Damn you Norfolk ! 
<--- P.I. 
Samsquanches eat babies ! 
Voice lessons went awesome today . 
I better be gettin ' a sweet beard out of this ... 
Reading cosmo with the boys ... ;) 
Let's hope those biscuits and gravy taste as good coming up as they do going down ... 
Breaking the law .... breaking the law . 
Opera tonight , its going to be a good time ! 
Mezzo-Soprano , the sexiest of the voices . 
Crom ... 
Best investment of a dollar , plastic recorders . 
No . 
Crom laughs at your Four Winds ! 
Moody Blues on cable ! YES ! 
I'm sorry Moody Blues , but Behind the Music : Fleetwood < PROPMALE > ... is just too important . 
My game is glitch ! 
Trust me , I'm a registered nurse ... 
3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679 : I like how you taste . ;) 
Is Surfing With the Alien . 
Striketh all ye wenches , taketh thine schillings . 
Huginn and Muninn are walking around my car right now . I hope Odin likes Buicks ... 
You see old friend , I brought more sausages than you did ... 
The beauty of Winter has finally come upon us ! 
Snow , keep up the good work . 
\Let me get on my unicorn and fly to the moon . \ " < PROPMALE > Praeuner " 
Thinking about going to see the < PROPMALE > String Quartet at UMKC today , anybody want to go with ? 
\Chelsea Handler is a talentless cunt ! \ " - < PROPMALE > Garman\ 
is ready for Shit Storm 2011 . 
Dubstep = whomp whomp whomp wabwabwabwabwabwabwab 
