Its very very lonely when my husband is preoccupied with other things ... :( 

I just learned the coolest new facebook code ! You HAVE to check it out .... hold down CTRL then press W ... you'll love it . 
is really wanting to tell everyone that I LOVE MY HUSBAND ! There is no other man like him . He is the best best best best best best man ever ! I should really bow down to his feet .... LMAO I just hijacked your account honey ... thanks for all the good thing 
>>> I'm hijacking my status back ... I just learned the coolest new facebook code ! You HAVE to check it out .... hold down CTRL then press W ... you'll love it . 
Just wondering about the person who first discovered you could milk a cow . What did they originally think they were doing to the cow ?? 
I was just wondering how important does someone have to be before they're considered assassinated instead of just murdered ? 
is at home with the family .... 
wants everyone to know that she never checks this and I her husband checks it for her ... so if u write her and she doesnt reply , shes not ignoring you she just never checks it .... 
so so sorry fore being out of touch for so long ! I am going to try to het some new pics up tonight and tomorrow ... hope ypu are all well ! xo 
desperately needing a massage on a tropical island with 4-5 of my best friends and a dozen or so half naked cabana boys to wait on us ! <3 
It would be easier to convince a toddler that you mean business if their side of the conversation did not make you laugh ... 
HEY EVERYONE PLEASE GO VOTE FOR MY HUSBAND FOR AMERICAS MOST WANTED ALL STARS HEROS ....... GO TO ..... http://www.amw.com/allstar/2010/ Vote 1 time a day every day .... PLEASE !!!!!!!! GO VOTE !!!!!!! 
Remember vote vote vote .... every day at amw.com ( lancen Shipman ) 
Dont forget to vote vote vote for my hubby .... AMW.com ALLSTARS Lancen Shipman ...... 
VOTE VOTE VOTE !!!!! todays is Lancen last day for this week of voting .... Hes on the 1st < PROPFEMALE > TODAY ! AMW.com Go vote PLEASE !!!!! 
I didn't invent Sin , I'm just trying to perfect it . 
... you are what you eat ? well .. you must have been eating a lot of hot dogs lately because you look like one massive < PROPMALE > to me ! 
I was talkin to < PROPFEMALE > earlier ... and she \ 
said ; \SHHH ... the rabbit has the key to the medicine cabinet . \ " Can\ 
there was an old woman from < PROPFEMALE > , on board a luxury liner , she slipped on the deck , twisted her neck and now she can lick her vagina !!! 
64% of men say they wouldn't notice if a women changed her hair . i should explain to those men that a women's hair is part of the blur above where her tits are . 
has supercalifragilisticmassivpairofknockers ... =] 
LMFAO at Family Guy ... Carlos Spicy Weiner and Nerf-Herder are my new favorite words ..... oh my gawsh this crap is funny ! 
wishes that someone would run power to my light at the end of the tunnel instead of using a candle ... it keeps getting blown out 
was talkin to < PROPFEMALE > earlier ... and she said ; \SHHH ... the rabbit has the key to the medicine cabinet . \ " Can you help me find him before she does ? " 
Remember the past , prepare for the future , but ALWAYS live for the moment . 
At one point in your life you will realize that everything is exactly the way it was supposed to be 
~ Don't let the darkness of the past cover the brightness of the future . ~ 
Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have . ~ Now if I read this a million times a day it might sink in lol 
believes that \too stupid to live\ " should be a valid jury verdict . " 
As with Bacon ... NEVER fry chicken when Naked ! 
Whoever said \The freaks come out at night\ " has obviously never seen Walmart during the day . " 
Had an awesome day in the sun ... ate too much and took a nap ... but Im still not above munching on Totsidos and salsa ! :) 
Be yourself . No one can ever tell you you're doing it wrong 
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished ..... that will be the beginning .. 
if you rape a hooker .. is it considered rape or shop lifting ? 
sometimes you just need a hug ... 
If she's amazing , she won't be easy . if she's easy , she won't be amazing . if she's worth it , you won't give up . if you give up , you're not worthy . 
Mornings would be better if they happened in the afternoon ! * yawn * 
Fact of life ... After Monday & Tuesday , even the calendar says W T F !! Sorry its just one of those days ! : X 
When you think your life is crap just think of an egg : you only get laid once the only chick that sits on your face is you mom ..... so cheer up its not that bad ! 
I have come to the conclusion that if idiots grew on trees , we'd have an enchanted < PROPMALE > ! 
Smile ... it suppresses the gag reflex . 
damn this stupid rain !!!!! Soooooooooo bored ! 
\Ever seen someones head explode at a 100 yards through a sniper scope ? NO ? Well here hold this tape measure . I'll be sending you something shortly . \"" 
Time for a grown-up Night ! Bring on the wine ! 
Here's how you end the Twilight Saga in one scene . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > smoke a blunt together . < PROPFIRST > gets the munchies . No more < PROPFEMALE > . The End . 
first day of School ... fun fun fun 
this is a stupidity free zone-move along as quickly and quietly as possible . 
First day off from school ... I think I'll head out to the barn !!! I need some horsey time ! 
Stupid flu ! CAn I please get a day out of bed ... 
Made it to school just in time for A & P ... i couldve used this lecture to help me sleep last night ! 
About to get waxed ... yikes !!! 
The greatness of a nation can be determined by its treatment of animals ~ Ghandi\ 
I saw a dog tied to a tree by a 6-7 ft leash ... no water in sight WTF is wrong with people ? 
true love-tha one person who says u look beter with out makeup , loves the way ur hair looks when u first get outta bed , and says i love you baby while you fight 
On my way to mississippi ... have to dropof Logan .. i feel the tears comin on :( 
My stupid phone broke .... BLAH ... I should get my new one delivere tomorrow ,, 
finally got the new phone today .... YAY ! 
DAMNIT !!!!! I lost ALL my contacts when i switched over phones ... u guys please please send me you numbers ... just send it in a fb message ... this sux ... I lost all my pics too ! 
is off to dreamworld , where anyone I want will sweep me off my feet and Everything is perfect . If anyone bothers me , imma go ninja on em ' . Nitey Nite Pplz . |: ) 
I'm going to turn the music on really loud and hopefully drown out the rest of the world . It's gonna be one of those days . 
Gotta go make up sum school hrs ... but o so looking forward to lunch ;) 
Im soooooo sick with the stomach flu ... i need a personal nurse ;) 
Day Two of stomach flu hell ... cant believe I still have no volunteers to be my nurse :( 
Oh way a difference a day makes 
Sooo excited for the 12th !!! ;) 
Finally feeln better and goin to skool ! Life is beautiful ! 
I woke up today and see that the earth made it around the sun yet again .... hmmm guess the world doesn't actually revolve around people 
Someone said don't let the worries of tomorrow get in the way of your happiness today ... so I'm taking < PROPFIRST > to the beach ... :) 
Another beautiful morning ... off to school ! 
Why does it take a tragedy to remind us how precious life is ? Kiss your loved ones and never forget how beautiful life is ! I love you ! 
Out having some adult time ... wonderful dinner at the Boatyard now drinks at Harpoons until a movie at the Grand ... man Im lovin life ! 
Looks like a relaxing night in ... dinner a movie and wine ... mmmmm :) 
gearing up for a beautiful sunday ... lets see what the day has in store :) 
Can it be more boring sitting at home ... someone come rescue me please ... lol 
Nothin like eating alone ... gotta luv mississippi ... 
Missing florida already i should be laying on the beach on such a beautiful day ! 
Im taking Payton to her first dance ... shes getting so big ! This boy better mind his manners ! 
Hope everyone has a fun and SAFE friday night !! xoxo 
Finally about to go to sleep 
On my way to ride horses on a gorgeous sunday morning ! Life is good ! 
Just so happy to be at home with my baby girl ... 
Toda is a busy day I hope I have time to go to the pool ! 
Movie night ! 
Having a blue day ... in need of a hug . I guess we all feel that way from time to time . 
I found a stray < PROPFEMALE > ! Does anyone want her ?! 
Heartbroken :( 
Off to another day at school hope today is a better one ! 
Spoke too soon ... 
When will I ever recover from the mistakes I once made ... whoever said to live for the future never had to constantly relive the past 
I can't take away the storms of life , But I can damn sure dance through the puddles . 
About to ride my hprses mucho needed stress relief ! 
\ Today was yesterday's battle ; tomorrow is today's dream . \"" 
You can't change how people treat you or what they say about you . All you can do is change how you react to it . 
Sometimes a smile and silence can be the best life tools to use . A smile will help to solve your problems and being silent will help you to avoid problems 
Ok ... enough facebooking ... Im about to get ready for dinner at Peppers with the girls ... fun fun fun ! 
when things don't go right ... go left ! hmmmmmm what to do today ... 
Riding my horse for sum stress relief .... life can really grab u by the ass sometimes :( 
thinks somethings are best just left as being thoughts and dreams and not told to anyone 
gearing up for the big 3-0 this weekend ...... blahhhhh im getting old :( 
what a beautiful life ... 
I had a wonderful birthday weekend ... still cant believe Im 30 .... wow ... now its time to get back to the grind for school tomorrow ! 
Sometimes you have to stand alone to prove that you can still stand <3 
I don't want the kind of love I can live with , I want the kind of love I can't live without ! 
Off to school ... what a gorgeous day ! 
You can never go back and make a new beginning .. but you can always move forward and make a new ending\ 
... goodnight xo 
every day you are choosing either to be grateful or to be disappointed ... today Im going with the latter 
OMG the circus is such a rip off ! how can i get in on this money trap ?! 
Its waaay to pretty out to be stuck working ! :( 
Im so excited ... lots of Halloween stuff planned ! The fun starts tomorrowand wont stop til late Sunday night ! I cant wait to see everyones costumes ! 
On our way to an awesome night of halloween parties and lots of fun ! Everyone be careful tonight ! Xoxo 
Happy Halloween ! 
Had so much fun trick-or-treating with < PROPFIRST > ! Im trying to wind down from all that < PROPFEMALE > and excitement ! 
I'm a firecracker in a world full of sparklers ! 
Welcome to the world where being yourself just isn't good enough . 
Dear Life ... I want a refund ... 
Physically in school ... mentally far far away 
O how i long for summer already ! 
56 degrees ... really ?! 
Hurt me with the truth but never confront me with a lie ! 
The one person in the world i would go to if i was sad , is the one who's making me cry . 
Thank god for friends like u .... :) i luv u < PROPFIRST > ! 
What an awesome day ! Itll take forever to wipe this smile off my face :D 
what-ever is a woman's way of saying f-you :) 
Mr. Sandman , There seems to be a problem . Either you gotta start sharing your Valium , or stop holdin out on the sleepy dust . 
Dear Sandman .... F@*K YOU ! 
Floating on cloud nine inthe best place ever ... gregs arms . 
Trying again for some sleep 
Silence is often misinterpreted , but never misquoted . We should all learn just to be quiet at times . 
Why can't people just let us be happy ? Please god give me some light in all this darkness ! 
forecast for the weekend ... mild alcoholism , with a 100% < PROPMALE > of a great Saturday night and way too much drinking . Increasing < PROPMALE > of a hangover on Sunday x 
Looooooong day at work ... blah .... double shift 
There are always 2 sides to every story . A smart person listens to both and chooses neither . 
Looong night at work ... now i cant sleep ! 7 am is gonna come very early for school tomorrow ... :( 
... shh ! I'm naked ... under my clothes . ;) 
UFC Fight Night at Hooters ! Fight starts at 9 ... u guys come c me ! 
Important rule of life : Never do anything you can't explain to the paramedics ! 
Cheekiness is a talent . Naughtiness is an < PROPMALE > . Guess that makes me < PROPMALE > istically talented . 
Blah hard time sleeping again ?! 
This one's for the girls ... Who've ever had a broken heart .. Who've wished upon a shooting < PROPFEMALE > . You're beautiful the way you are ... This one's for the girls ! 
How many people can say they wore a tank top and sandals on thanksgiving ? God bless florida ! 
FEAR = False Evidence Appearing Real !!! Fear is what you make it , and only\ 
as powerful as YOU believe it to be ! Have NO fear of moving into the \ 
UNKNOWN ! 
D.I.E.T. ~ did I eat that ?... unfortunately yes I did ... every bit of it too 
When life hands you lemons , just be glad it wasn't herpes . 
just got off work and enjoying a nice cold beer ... life is good 
I Just checked the obituaries and the Forbes list and didn't find my name on either one . Guess I'll get ready for work . :( 
is poking the Facebook version of a quickie ? 
. . . is pretty sure she knows folks who stood in line for second helpings of ' special kind of stupid ' . 
Blah ... i am so miserable today fighting a cold ! Hopefully this one wont last very long . 
sucking up this crappy feeling to go to work ! 
Ever wonder if your guardian angel has gone out for a smoke ? Well , I wonder what mines smoking and if they're not coming back can I at least join the party ?! 
Lesson for the day ... Don't be a douche . 
Still fighting this nasty cold ... thinking of drowning the virus in crown ;) 
Taking < PROPFIRST > to see Despicable Me tonight at the mall . 
Just finished despicable me ... sooo cute ! I need sum lil minions ! 
Ok this . cold is kickin my ass im ready to throw in the towel and go to the dr :( 
Keepin busy at work ... 
Finally off of work ... relaxin at home with the girls :) 
is thinking of doing something to someone involving a blind fold , a feather boa , ice , a hot candle and an assortment of fruit ... don't judge me ... 
You know its wrong and you shouldn't do it , but its fun and makes you smile !! I hope everyone has a great day !!! xoxo 
About to take Payton out to Pier Park to buy some clothes ... I think we're skipping the Christmas parade this year . 
Why is everyone changing thir profile pics to cartoons ? Did I miss a memo ? 
Finally went to the dr for this cold ... apparently its bronchitis . Doc says i should be feelin better in a couple days ... i sure hope so after breathing treatments , a shot , z pak , steroids , cough medicine and an inhaler ! Overkill much ?! Lol 
whats with the number ... I dont effin get it 
#905 ... what can I say ... you're the best friend a girl can have ... penis and all . Thanx for always being there for me whether Im laughing , crying , screaming or a combo of all three ... sorry I missed Mia ... maybe we'll make it to Indy ! Thank God for < PROPFEMALE > Ku and when is our next date night ?! Love u Bubby ! xoxo 
#651 ... cutie patootey .... dance off your booty ... Love you girlie ! xoxo 
#1206 ... Wow fun times ... Spinn and LaVela VIP ( always ) craaaazzzy ex's ( no names ) and current relationships ... coincedence much ?! We need to go out soon ! Call me fool ! xoxo 
#000 ... Where the f#@% do I know you from ... j/k and Im still waiting on that night out ... as long as you can pick me off the floor ... lol ... or at least help < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > me out of where ever we go ! xo muah ! 
#399 ... still trying to figure this one out ... hmmmm no pics on your fb ... help me out girly !!!! xoxo 
#52 Youre my hero & an inspiration to everyone . You touch our lives in ways that youll nvr know . You're a cool ass chick & Ill nvr forget our special night . ;P Shot after shot until I blacked out .. still apologizng for that one ! Thax for not spillin the beanz about the very manly looking girl i was .. in your words .. grinding on .. lmao .. I luv u girl & all the < PROPMALE > n cheese casserole in the world cant show you how much ! xo 
#1472 Wow where do I begin ... I am so glad I met you ! It really says a lot about the kind of chick you are to give me the < PROPMALE > to be your friend even after I made a total ass out of myself the first time we met ! lol ... gotta love that hunch punch . So I recommend a total girls night out and a d o-o ver where we can cut up and have a good time ... luv u chica xo 
The < PROPFIRST > r on hold for a minute ... ill get u all just steppin out for a few ! Xo 
#765438 Thanks for always being such a great friend ... thought many < PROPMALE > seperate us u will always be in my heart xo 
#1625 you are such a sweetheart and a wonderful mother ! You inspire us all to be more patient and loving with our own kids . You are a beautiful person inside and out and Im glad that we are friends ! <3 
#5027 ... Wow I hear from you after 10 years then you disappear on me again ! lol Hows life treatin ya ? Im so glad we're friends but Im still waiting on that boat ride out to the Island . Since its freezin ass cold I guess Ill , have to wait til spring ! U better KIT ... luv u xoxo 
#00 So , Im not really sure what to put here ... hopefully you'll keep in touch so we can get to know each other more ... you seem like a totally cool person . xoxo 
I love Dreams ... the people you love are there , the people you hate fall off cliffs and the people you miss are right next to you ! Now Im off to try and enjoy some of those dreams ! Love you all ! xoxo 
.. has absolutely no intention of behaving herself .. so she's not even going to pretend to ;) 
Being good sucks . Sucking is good . Being good at sucking ... priceless 
Going to my gmas christmas cantata .... maybe i should say some hail marys while im there ;) 
Ya I hear u screamin but my name aint harder ... 
If i ever wanted to commit suicide all i would have to do is jump from your ego to your IQ level ! 
this if u agree ) Proud to support equal rights for ALL ! 
So , let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? ( Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree ) . Proud to support equal rights for ALL 
All of u need to come to hooters tonite !! Were slooow n im bored .... cum get sum beer n wings ! 
Fridays should happen much more often !!! everyone have a great day ! 
To get something you've never had ... you have to do something you've never done . 
going horsey riding today ! YAY 
wonders if there is such a thing as a DNA transfusion ... I want this so called family out of my veins ! 
is thinking she needs a time out from being a grown-up 
If u didn't see it with Ur eyes Or hear it with Ur ears , Don't invent it with Ur small mind and share it with Ur big mouth ... 
Somewhere out there im having a good time 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! XoXo 
Chimney decoy ? Check . Plate of attractant cookies ? Check . Toy list bait ? Check . 12 Gauge ? Check . Now we wait ... 
Lets play a game ... describe me in one word ... 
another late night ... blah 
is going to triple dog dare someone to lick a flagpole this winter :-) 
Reason #1 to be happy it's winter ... the shoppers at Walmart are covering up more of their bare flesh at this time of year ... lol 
Another late night and early morning ... one im spending in the dog house ... im sorry baby ... dont be mad :( 
What I did last night ... Is illegal in mos states ! ;) 
Every exit is an entrance somewhere . 
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass . It's about getting out there and dancing in the rain 
Instead of always aiming to please , I'm gonna start shooting to kill ! 
What if the Hokey Pokey really IS what it's all about ? 
Rain rain go away ... 
Loves that the square root of 69 is 8 somethin 
When the zombie apocalypse time comes I know EXACTLY who I'm pushing into a horde first .. 
Good judgment comes from experience , unfortunately that experience usually comes from bad judgment . 
Uuugghhhhhh 
I have a pocket full of F You's and have already started passing them out this morning ! 
would walk a thousand < PROPMALE > to see you smile .... would walk WAY more for that thing you do with your tongue ;D 
I use profanity , the way Picasso used a paint brush 
Does anyone know the fees for prostitution ? If I am going to keep getting screwed at work I would at least like to know what I should charge . 
OK I've never played any facebook games so I don't know how they work ... would I be able to buy land so I can grow some weed in Farm Ville , then sell it to the gangstas on Mafia Wars to distribute on the streets of Yo-Ville ? Prolly not huh ... 
* Dear Random Bar Girl , thank you for forever ruining girl-on-girl action for me ! That skirt you were wearing did not have enough material to protect ure hoo-ha from the nasty cocktail of stagnant water u were sitting in AND no where near enough to ever make me feel comfortable using that pool table again ! ( without bathing in a herpecide ) Enjoy the yeast infection that is without a doubt growing as we speak ! * 
There are only 3 places for people in my life : in my path , by my side , or out of my way . Where u gonna be ? 
It's always better to be a first-rate version of yourself instead of a being second-rate version of somebody else . 
Still no SuperBowl plans ... wow I guess it REALLY is THAT bad ... lol 
It rains the hardest on those who deserve the sun . 
when i don't feel like saying anything ... look into my eyes ... they will tell you everything 
Always use tasteful words ... One day you may have to eat them 
misses the ones missing in her life 
I feel a Sin Comin on . . . 
Those 3 words we all want to hear this < PROPFIRST>'s Day : LET'S . GET . NAKED . 
Dear Alcohol ... Will you be my < PROPFIRST > ? <3 
Screw u cupid .... im goin out ! 
will never be down-time , spare-time , par t-t ime , or sometime . 
If you can walk away without a fight then it never mattered to you in the first place <3 
to ride is the reason the destination is just the excuse 
What do you call a man who's gagged and tied to the bed ? \ 
Trustworthy ! 
The devil made me do it the first time , the second time I did it on my own . 
I ; m officially addicted to QuizMonster .... W ...... T ..... F ...?! 
Looking forward to UFC Fight night tonight @ work .... bring on the $$$ ! 
What do you do if your Ex is limping around and bleeding in you're back yard ??? \ 
Take a deep breath , focus , reload , and shoot again ! 
Live , Love , and Laugh if that don't work . Raise , Aim , and fire . 
is stuck between a rock and someone I want to hit with it . 
Lead me not into temptation ... oh screw it , just follow me , I know the shortcut !! 
Seriously .. if you want us to save a horse and ride a cowboy , you guys need to learn to save a tree and eat a beaver .. 
??? ? ' ? ' ????? =( • ?? ) =?/ ???? /' ? ' ? ? this is a stick-up ... give me ALL yo [ ?? $ ?? ( ?? 1 ?? ) ?? $ ?? ] ! 
is debating on whether or not it will be worth 25 to life ? ' ? ' ????? =( • ?? ) =?/ ???? /' ? ' ? ? 
is in need of ' beach ' therapy ! 
2 of mtvs real worlders were arrested last night by bcso for attackng securty gaurds . The chick punched herself repeadly in the face while no one was looking then later tweeted that she was \beat up\ " & about to \ " own pcb\ " .. And just when i thot i had my last wtf moment of sb 11 ! " 
\Lord give me < PROPFEMALE > or an untraceable handgun \"" 
Is now friends with your boyfriend and 2 other people you care about 
Sometimes things fall apart so that better things can fall together - <3 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Left my phone at hooters last night ... man I need sum zzzzzzzzzs 
my middle finger just got a hard on over you 
Limited Pool Romantic Theory ... 
sometimes reasoning with people is like a cat trying to bury a turd under a concrete tile floor 
Mondays blow like an asthmatic hooker ... 
is in need of an adventure today , and I have a plan ! All i need is a llama , a bucket , 8 rolls of duc t-t ape , a flamethrower , some rope , a chair , a C-4 explosive and an accomplice . Anyone down ? 
take my hand ... I have no clue what will happen but I can bet my life that it will be fun and amazing ... can you handle it ? 
The question isn't \What are we going to do ? \ " It's \ " what are we going to do if we get caught ? \"" 
There's just not enough sham-wows to clean up all your bull crap ... 
