If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory with you and me ! It can be anything , either good or bad ! When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what ppl remember about you . Post a 

Inventory ! Bleeaaachhh ! Oh well , someone has to do it ... 
4th place in group and 3rd in showmanship . Way to go , < PROPMALE > . A little more paperwork and then back to the fair . 
Had a great weekend . Got to visit with a lot of fun people that I don't get to see that often . Hope everyone else had a great time as well . 
Fun weekend in Reno . Sheel's and Cabela's . My son killed me in the Nascar simulator . It might be a little longer than we all thought before he gets his license ... hehe 
Hey FB friends ..... Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting :o ) Please keep it going ... 
I am thankful for all of you ! Every one on my list is on there for a reason . Thank you for letting me share in your lives and taking part in mine . 
I am thankful today for aunts that AREN'T crazy . 
I am thankful that my kids have chores and do them . It's nice that they have learned to pitch in , even if I have to remind them once in a while . 
I am thankful for a husband that cooks . Nothing better then getting home from a long day , and having someone else cook a wonderful meal . Now we are gonna work on washing dishes , < PROPFEMALE > . 
I am thankful for twisted co-workers . They make the day so much more fun . 
I am thankful for my coat . It's been freakin ' cold around here . ( Heating is nice , too . ; D ) 
I am thankful for the time off that I am going to take , so that I can make turkey dinner for some friends and family . 
Been trying to type this for 2 days , but I was frozen . I used to laugh at the idea of battery operated socks , now I want a pair . I would tell you all to stay cool , but that would seem a little unnecessary . 
Are you kidding me ? Yesterday while trying to get to work I end up wearing a cup of coffee . Today I was trying to find a key for < PROPMALE > and ended up dropping the keys in my cup of coffee which was strategically placed between my legs so that it didn't spill . I think I should swear off coffee . Any suggestions ? 
Yeahhh ... Vacation time . I have a list a mile long . 
We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE >??•* ¨*• . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? We Wish You a < PROPFEMALE > ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ? ? ? We Wish You A < PROPFEMALE > ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? Christmas ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??... And A Happy New Year !?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ??............. Copy and paste ~ keep the wave going . 
Yellow ! 
I love it . I make a comment . Completely forget that I made a comment then get an email about someone else making a comment too , but by then I have no idea where that came from ... Gotta love the blonde days ! 
Ladies , your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , poka dotted , and clear bra colors made the channel 4 news tonight and MSNBC . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > B Kolman foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall if you participated . 
I'm changing my name to Sunshine . It makes me feel good ...? 
I loved a goat in a hole because that's how I roll ...? 
I saw on the internet that Haiti is without a government . To help out , I am donating one Obama , one Pelosi , one < PROPMALE > , one < PROPFIRST > , one Coakley and two Clintons ! They may keep them permanently ! I'd give them a constitution ; but I can't find mine right now ! ~~~ Status borrowed from a friend . . . keep it going 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair 
As soon as I walk into my bedroom , on the floor . 
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? deserves ? a ? smack ? in ? the ? face ? with ? a ? shovel ? :) ( Great idea , < PROPFIRST > ) 
Andretta isn't defined yet . ( Story of my life .. ) Check your name at urbandictionary.com 
Thanks , Everyone , for the Birthday wishes . I had a wonderful day . 
?? ¸ . • *¨* • ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER(S ) ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . So love the people who treat you right . Pray for the ones who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . Post to your wall if you agree ... ( Well said , < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Let's go already . I've ordered some North wind and cancelled the rain . Let's get this rice planted . 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would it say ? ( Copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get ) 
The Silver Dollar Fair , apparently , needs no new supporters . No need to try ... they will not except any new bidders on the day of the auction . Even if you want to support these kids , you will not be allowed . Kind of a crock of uknowwhat if ya ask me . ***** Anyway , good luck to ALL of our kids that are selling today . ***** 
Up all night with a sick kid . The bigger they are the harder they fall . Poor kid is just miserable . Hope he feels better soon . 
To quote a great man .... PI r squared ... Pie aren't squared ... Pie r round ... Cake r square . 
Big thank you to The Wilkersons for their hospitality . What a nice evening . We all had a great time . 
Give it to the chickens . 
Power is out wth 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , about your past or if your family is filled with crazies .... they love you for who you are ! A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . REPOST if you are blessed with at least one true friend . They will know who they are ! I love you all !! 
Calm night . Sounds like every one is ok . Hope every one has a wonderful week . 
So I thought about it after the fact ... I should have taken a picture of the snake I caught in the office yesterday . It was at least 8 feet long . Oh , yeah . There is a camera on my phone ... 
My heart goes out to < PROPFIRST>'s family . 
So I just finished cleaning out the fridge . My only real mystery is ho does that much dust get it there . The kids must hold the door open forever trying to decide on afterschool snacks . 
Pray for Obama . Psalm 109:8 
1976 Stingray !?! 
15 years ago today , my life was changed forever . Happy birthday , < PROPMALE > . Love you . 
Ally made < PROPMALE>'s B-day cake . 
They say true friends can go long periods of \ 
time without speaking and never question friendship . These friends just \ 
pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has \ 
been or how far away they live and don't hold grudges . They understand \ 
that life is busy ... but ... that you will ... aways love them . Re-post if \ 
...... you have at least one friend like this . I am privileged to say I doSee More 
Beans ! 
Peanut butter pie . 
Go to my pictures , tag the ribbon picture with your name . Go to your pictures , click on the ribbon and make it your profile picture . Simple easy process to show your support for Pink October ... we all know what you look like and love you anyway ; ? --- how about showing your support :) 
Weather is cooperating a little better ... hope the rice is too ... I'm pullin ' for you fellas . 
I come here occasionaly to see what others post , and sometimes I comment especially if the need a lift in spirit . Know that you all are in my prayers , and for those that don't see me daily or don't know exactly what is going on with me ...... Aaaaaahhhhhh . Thanks , I needed that . 
Lost connections are made here . Dearest friends are found over hundreds of < PROPMALE > . Know that I don't get to speak to all of you often , but you all have made a difference in my life . You are all special . 
Post this on your wall and see what people love about you : I love your ________ ? 
Life is good ... for me . Hoping all is well in the world with all of you . 
Just made bread . My favorite thing to do on a rainy day . 
Ally was hoping I messed up . She wanted bread pudding . 
Puppies , kittens , kids and WOW I'm toast . 
Gotta hit the hay . I am gettin ' too old for this . Night all . 
Kitchen aid is my best friend . Breadsticks are in the making . 
Kitchen aid is my best friend . Breadsticks are in the making 
I am sooo sick of being sick . Enough already . 
Feeling a little better , although I had to miss my nap today . :) 
First the pump goes out , now I have water and the dishwasher takes a dive . I'm afraid to ask , what's next . 
To whom it may concern : If it doesn't concern you don't be concerned , it is not your concern . Thank you . ( Thanks , < PROPMALE >.) 
WARNING !!!!!!..... Don't Use the Christmas Tree App . it will crash your computer . Geek Squad says it's one of the WORST Trojan Viruses there is and it is spreading quickly . Re-post and let your friends know !! 
New dishwasher is a success thanks to my hubby . Don't have to brave the holiday while standing at the sink . Running all of my holiday wares through in preparation of our festivities . Hope everyone has a wonderful Thanksgiving . 
If I worked half this hard at work they would give me 10 times the pay . I haven't stopped all day . Hope I can get up and go tomorrow . 
I am whooped . Vaca is so nice . I could really get used to this . 
A little slow on the draw today . I'll get it ... I hope ! ; 0 ) 
Grandma's birthday . Taking her to dinner . 
Night , all . Can't < PROPFEMALE > with the big dogs . 
10 minutes ... just 10 minutes of quiet . Please ? Not that bad . I'm embellishing a bit . ( Maybe)hehe 
I got breakfast in bed . Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > . I'm pretty sure I didn't deserve it , but I'm glad he thought so . 
I don't want vaca to end . I know there is another around the corner , but .... you know . 
Wondering how < PROPFEMALE > is doing . Hoping Bentley is not being too stuborn . Happy birthday , little guy . 
I don't know what all of you people are hyped up about . It's just Christmas . The real holiday is the day after when my baby turns double digits . Now there's a holiday . But if you all insist then I'll say it ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . Hope you have a jolly good time . 
Ally got an unexpected Christmas present she would like to return ... the flu . 
If you can smile when things go wrong , you have someone in mind to blame . 
Lord , Keep your arm around my shoulder and your hand over my mouth . 
This year we will experience 4 unusual dates .... 1/1/11 , 1/11/11 , 11/1/11 , and 11/11/11 .... NOW go figure this out .... take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year and it WILL EQUAL TO 111 .... 
Copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have ever heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , please post anyway to spread this important message . Oh , and the hearts , for craps sake , don't forget the hearts ?? 
OK , I have been waiting to tell everyone , so , here it goes .. WE ARE EXPECTING !! =) I know , I know , it's crazy isn't it ? I can't believe it myself . I wasn't going to put it on here because it's obvious but wanted to make it OFFICIAL . I mean who would have guessed ? Yup it's official .. We are expecting * SUNSHINE * today .!!!! * Feel free to Re-post if you have any sense of humor . LMAO 
Showin ' support for < PROPMALE > on Wipeout . 
NOOOOOO ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Heavenwhip 
So far it has been a great day . How could it not be with all these wonderful wishes ? If you all are having half the day I am then your doing pretty good . Thank you all for adding to my already great day . By the way the All American Chocolate Cake is to die for . It didn't last long enough to take a picture . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
I would like all of my FB friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions . 
So ... Ally bit down on a coffee < PROPFEMALE > and when she tried to open her mouth it had stuck to her upper and lower teeth . The < PROPFEMALE > wins , it sucked her molar right out . I would like to appologize again to Dr. Bowling for the after hours call , but I feel better now . 
I guess it's nice that a 19 year old boy goes to visit his grandmother . I'm not quite sure at what point you should actually file a missing persons on him . 
Are you kidding ? 
Nuff said ! I think I will stick my nose back into my own business where it belongs now . Life is much better when I can avoid the demons of the underworld , even when they are pretending to be normal caring people . I know better . Just wish I could save the world from them . Not every one can see it . You are just gonna have to learn for yourself . I promise I won't tell you \I told you so . \"" 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think !!!! 
For anyone with more than 2kids ... I commend you . If you can keep up with them ... I idolize you . 
Class of ' 91 ... I think I have added everyone on my friends list . We are set for August 13 , 2011 @feather falls . If I didn't add you , please let me know ( or anyone in the class know ) if you plan on attending our reunion . < PROPMALE > and I would love to see everyone . If you know of anyone who should be included , please get us contact info on them so they can be included . 
Great dual . Ally pinned both of them . I love it . Wish I could have seen it in person . 
Gladiators ROCK today . Lots of great matches . Proud of Ally . She won 3 out of 4 . It has been a long day . 
Yyyaaaayyy . Power . Look out laundry . 
Hoping tonight is calmer . I could use the rest . 
Poor , baby . Off to see the Dr. 
Sincerely ... thank you , < PROPMALE > . We're with you . 
I love my aunt < PROPFEMALE > more than words can express . She won't read this , but I truely believe she is my best friend . I hope everyone has someone like this in their lives . 
That's it . I want hazard pay . 
Checked on the weather and it's looking promissing . Hope the ground is drying out everywhere like it is here . Let's plant some rice . 
Just turned in my ballot . 2 day work weeks and 5 day weekends ... don't I wish . 
