Haven't really had time to get on the computer , with the vacation and hanging out with < PROPFIRST > the day i got back . Oh well , is it lame for me to wish everyone a Happy New Years ? 

Just got Facebook today .... obviously . Sorry it took so long for me to get it . 
Gonna go and watch a violent movie with < PROPMALE > . Yayyyyyyyy ! 
Goodnight all ! <3 
Still hanging out with < PROPMALE > . I love how my mom is pissed that i'm helping out < PROPMALE>'s family put up their decorations , but that i'm not there to do the same for my family . 
You know what ? I've gotten like , 6 hours of sleep in the past three days , so i'm going to be lame and go to bed at 10 . 
Yeah , i've kind of been grounded for the last couple of days , which is why i haven't been online much , in case anyone noticed . 
God , i'm tired .... well , on a good note , i'm finally ungrounded ! Even though i never really did anything to get grounded in the first place . 
Ow .... jesus . First time i shave , and i accidently cut myself in like , five places ... 
MAN , the Metalocalypse Christmas Special really got me into the holiday spirit ! 
Nothing says Christmas quite like a Cocain addicted Clown . (: 
My computer , in one day , got 49 infections ..... and i don't know how ..... 
I just love the fact that my account on the computer was the only one that had a virus , and that everyone else's account was working fine ..... oh well , it's fixed now . I hope . 
I feel really depressed for some reason ..... oh well , < PROPMALE>'s party tomorrow will cheer me up , hopefully . 
Well , i got my Christmas gifts today , since i'll be in Florida on actual Christmas day .... this is the wierdest December i've ever had . 
I know i sound like the stereotypical teenager when i say this , but ; GODAMNIT , MY MOM PISSES ME OFF ! 
Since i was a friendless loser back before i was 11 , and watched TV all day .... i've kind of memorized every single one of the original SpongebobSquarePants episodes . I feel so pathetic . \I'll have you know that i stubbed my toe today gardening ..... AND I ONLY CRIED FOR 8 MINUTES !! \"" 
LOL Doctor < PROPMALE > is such a < PROPMALE > .... 
Aww , < PROPFIRST > Frusciante quit the Red Hot Chili Peppers . I'm not gonna be a crybaby about it , but it still sucks . 
I'm pretty much grounded for the next two weeks because i forgot to hand in ONE assignment .... oh well . Have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Going on Vacation to Florida until the 29th . This is the most un-christmassy Christmas i've ever had . Well , I hope everyone has a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and stuff ! 
My hands are so cold , and i was only outside for about twenty minutes .... i'm such a baby . Oh well , sorry i haven't been on facebook or the computer much over the vacation , to anyone who noticed . 
I'm really starting to wonder why i'm not fat .... I mean , i go through so much food on a daily basis , and i still look anorexic . ( Did i spell that right ? ) 
Well , my computer's being a complete asshole and won't let me go on the internet at all , and i'm typing this out on another computer . Ah well , hopefully it'll be fixed soon . ( By the way , never EVER see the movie Mega Shark vs . Giant Octopus . ) 
The internet on my computer still isn't working ... but , i guess stealing dad's computer has it's advantages . Thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday ! ( Even though that was over a week ago ) . Sorry it's been so long since i've been online .. 
Had an awesome time at the mall ... i love my friends . :D 
I wish i could dance like Mr. G .... 
Man , i wish life was like a musical . With people randomly breaking out into dances on the streets all doing the same moves . That'd be so awesome 
Mr. Kite is now going against the world .... WITH THE BLUE PEOPLE ! :D 
I haven't joined a single facebook group , and i've come up with two possible reasons why . Either ; i have a life . Or ; I'm too lazy to join any groups . It's probably the second one . 
Whoah ! It's gotta be some kind of ... hot tub time machine . 
Just spent two hours trying to get my school computer to work , and got nothing out of it . That computer is a fucking hellspawn . 
Feeling pretty happy knowing that i don't owe < PROPFEMALE > any money now . I hope she enjoys the bag of pennies I gave her . :D 
British people are freaking awesome , i love how they pronouce garage . GAY-RAGE 
Sorry I haven't been on much recently , i've just been in a really bad mood ... i didn't want to take it out on anyone . xD Well , i'm going to the Muse concert , so i'll talk to you guys when i get back ! 
Greatest night of my life ... my mind is now permanently blown , thanks Muse ! After all the shouting , i don't think i'm gonna be able to talk right for the rest of my life . xD 
\Yay ! I'm glad it stopped raining ; now I can finally was my car ! \ " I love my friends . " 
Awh , my old karate school is shutting down . I've been there since I was ten , too . I'm gonna miss that place . D: 
I'm so happy , because today I've found my friends ; they're in my head . I'm so ugly , but that's okay ; so are you . 
Happy Easter , everyone ! I spent mine gaining a fear of heights from being on the Statue of < PROPFEMALE > and spending six hours in a car . :D 
I love the fact that I've never been on Farmville . 
How do you make < PROPMALE > and the Chipmunks worse ? Make a third one in Three-D . Because , you know , making a 3rd movie in 3D is totally an original idea . 
There's a group called \Jion if you hate the PSSA's . \ " At least taking them makes sure you don't spell join like a fucking retard . xD " 
I've been grounded for the past two weeks , so I'm sorry that I haven't been online or anything . But , I think I'm only half grounded now , or something .. 
Getting yelled at by drunk Penguins fans is always an awesome way to spend a Sunday . :D 
You just lost the game . 
God , I've been obsessed with the Beatles recently . I wish I'd been born in the 60s . 
I am so glad that my dad wasn't at Mellon Arena when the Penguins lost . Since he's a Montreal fan , he would've gotten freaking murdered or something ... hahaha 
There's nothing better than when somebody listens to you for an hour about something you've written , and actually thinks you're a good writer . :) 
Awuh man ... Dio , < PROPFIRST > Grey , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > all died in the same month . D: 
IT'S A TRAP !!! 
More people on facebook are fans of \Guitar Hero\ " than \ " Guitar\ " . That's ... kinda sad . Haha " 
Just got back from hanging out with < PROPMALE > . This summer is amazing so far . 
Yupee : Excuse me miss , but where do you work at ? \ 
Prostitute : Oh , I work at the Snack ' N Pack . \ 
Yupee : Nonono , I'm not asking WHAT you do for a living , I'm asking WHERE you work at . 
Saw Toy Story 3 today ... I loved that movie so much , it was easily the best film I've seen all year . 
What would you think if I sang out of tune , would you stand up and walk out on me ? Lend me your ears , and I'll sing you a song ; I'll try not to sing out of key . Oh , I get by with a little help from my friends . 
Holy crap , there's a nine hour documentary thing about Lady Gaga . That's slightly overkill ... 
Spending the Fourth of July in Canada ... I feel so patriotic ! I'll be on Grandad's computer once or twice a day to check facebook and whatnot . 
My grandparents are two of the most epic people to ever walk the earth . =D 
Grandad : My god , this < PROPMALE > nearly gave me a heartattack . \ 
Nana : Well then , next time we eat out , don't get an expensive beer . \ 
Grandad : NOOO !! 
It was great to be in Canada , but I'm glad to be home . The car ride home kind of sucked , but I've learned an interesting fact ; OK Computer is seriously the perfect album to listen to in the car . 
Everybody else is doing it , so I guess I can be unoriginal . Like this status , and I'll tell you what I like and dislike about you , and I'll also tell you my first impression and a confession . Whoopee . :D 
' Holiday Inn ' : Douchiest song in existance . 
Today was awesome . I got a book about my favorite band , an album by my other favorite band , and I saw Inception , one of the most mindblowing movies I've ever seen . 
Watching ramen cook is almost as exciting as watching paint dry ! 
Had an amazing conversation about life with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . We're all scared about death now , but it was worth it . :) 
The funniest sound in the world ; the singer of Creed's voice . 
Chachi's response to < PROPFIRST>'s question about what you would do if a bottle exploded in your butt : IT DOESN'T MATTER , I HAVE MAGICAL POWERS . I could turn into a power ranger for all you know . \ 
Me : It doesn't matter , dude , you'd just be a pink power ranger with shards of glass up your ass . 
Finally going to see Shutter Island tonight . People have already told me how it ends about a billion times , but that shouldn't stop me from enjoying it ! Hopefully . 
I really like Avenged Sevenfold's new album . I don't know why alot of people are saying it isn't as heavy as their earlier stuff ; M . Shadows screams like no other in God Hates Us . I mean , yeah , it's a sad album ... for obvious reasons , they aren't exactly tiptoeing through the flowers . Anyways , heading off to < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday party today , so that should be a jolly good time . 
The lullaby renditions of Nirvana songs are creepy as hell . 
Camping with friends was awesome , but I'm glad to be home . No more racist jokes from < PROPFIRST > for the rest of the night , I'm so sad . ( Fruit don't talk ... fruit just listens . And waits . ) 
I think I'm doomed to a lifetime of my dad calling me ' < PROPFEMALE>' , all because I couldn't finish my steak . 
The 1992 version of Dracula is amazing , I just got done watching it . I kinda wish Twilight didn't completely destroy vampire's reputation , though ; the idea behind them honestly has alot of potential . 
Karate was interesting tonight . There was about twenty people there , and half of them were practicing with weapons . I felt like I would die if I made one wrong move . 
Farm Show was pretty fun . The best part is , I still get to hear it for the rest of the night ! I'm so lucky ... I mean , who wouldn't want to hear the announcer for the tractor pull while you're trying to sleep ? :D 
There's apparently going to be a meteor shower tonight ; maybe some people will consider them a bunch of shooting stars , and make wishes off of them . That's a good thing , though ! People will get their wishes , and I'll no longer have my facebook news thread spammed by people posting the lyrics to ' Airplanes'! 
Getting my haircut on Friday the 13th wasn't as bad as I thought it would be . At least I didn't have to go to the doctor's for an ' emergancy check-up ' or anything . 
Wow , Avatar is being re-released . Poor < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , he didn't make enough money the first time it was in theaters . :( 
Well , tonight's interesting . Just got done watching Date Night , a comedy that proved to me that the only way you can rekindle a spark in a relationship is by getting shot at fifty times . Now I'm going to watch the Crazies , a movie about neighbors killing each other . I swear , my movie choice is going to make me bipolar . 
Jon : Dude , Dragonforce isn't terrible . Their singer sounds just like the one from Coheed and Cambria . \ 
Me : Do not compare < PROPMALE > Sanchez with a mere mortal !! >.< 
My eye doctor has so many freaking gadgets and gizmos , it's unbelievable . Like , he put this big mining helmet thing on so he could check my eyes with lights . He's like the Batman of the doctor world . 
After seeing Inception again , I've decided that it's my favorite movie of the year , followed closely by Toy Story 3 and Shutter Island . I'd have a top five instead of a top three , but those are honestly the only movies this year that I really liked . 
Twilight jokes are starting to get reaaaallllyyyy old .... 
Well , obviously , we have a Nate Rebmann in Butler . He's climbin ' into yo profile , he's snatchin ' yo status up , tryin ' to like them . So you need to hide yo kids , hide yo wife , and hide yo husband , cause he's likin ' every status out here ! 
Me : How the hell does this website know where I live ? \ 
Amanda : It's the IP . This is common knowledge . \ 
Me : ..... \ 
Amanda : .... love you . 
Off to the wonderful world of camping until Monday . Have a terrific weekend , everybody ! 
\Don't look at me like I'm fricken ' Frankenstien 
So , apparently Disney released a cartoon a long time ago about their loveable mascots starving to death . < PROPFIRST > Duck goes insane , and tries to kill a cow with an axe . I'm now terrified of running into that maniac next time I go to Disney World ... 
Why are people in horror movies so retarded ? In ' The Ring ' , the guy has seven days to live . On the day of death , he just stares at the TV while the creepy lady walks out of it . It's only after she pulls the hair from her eyes does he start to realize that something's not right . 
1,200,000 people on Facebook like the ' proud to be an American ' < PROPFEMALE > , and only 6 like the ' proud to be a Canadian ' < PROPFEMALE > . God , Canada needs some self-respect ... 
I've been listening to the Beatles ' ' Love ' album this morning , and it's such a mind-blowing experience . The songs flow together perfectly , I love it . This album makes me appreciate the Beatles ' music even more than I already did , and it just might be my new favorite album . Poor , neglected OK Computer is going to have to deal with second place from now on . 
Everybody else is doing it , so I'll give into peer-pressure ! :) \ 
\ 
Like my status and I will tell you 1 ) something i learned about you by creeping on your Facebook wall :P 2 ) the color you remind me of 3 ) my first memory of you 4 ) the animal you remind me of 5 ) something I've always wondered about you 6 ) my favorite thing about you 7 ) give you a weird nickname 8 ) challenge you to re-post this ;) . 
Just realized how much I miss the days when the market was flooded with < PROPMALE > Potter merchandise . When you could go to the local Wal-Mart and find everything from ' < PROPFEMALE > Botts Every Flavor Beans ' to fifty billion copies of the book ' Chamber of Secrets ' . It was such an awesome film craze , and will always be a strong memory of my childhood . :) 
In a bit of a predicament . Pre Calculus homework , unfortunately , doesn't really make much sense when the only thing running through my mind is ' I whip my hair back and forth , I whip my hair back and forth ' ... 
THE NUMBER GAME ! \ 
Message me , via Facebook inbox-thingy , your Bank Account/Credit Card number . I will use it to buy you a Christmas gift , and then message you the Bill . \ 
No , not really . Just send me some number , and I'll give you a status using that said number . :) 
934874589423923 ;\ 
You're probably the most intellegent person I've ever met in Cyber School , and you're one of my best friends because of it . I love our long and random talks about nothing in particular . Despite the fact that you dislike Radiohead ( makes me sad ... ) you still love < PROPMALE > Potter , and that makes up for it . You're the coolest cyberpen-pal person EVER , and I'm so glad to call you my friend ! :) 
( This'll have to be in two parts , since I was super lame and wrote a bunch of stuff)\ 
369 ;\ 
Well , first of all ; you’re the one who has to deal the most with my self-depreciating moods and whatnot , and I’m eternally grateful to you for being so patient with me . I mean , me making you lose the game about every twenty seconds must be the most aggravating thing of all time (; D ) . 
( This will once again have to be in two parts ... I feel so retarded , I really didn't think I wrote too much in regards to these posts ... )\ 
42 ;\ 
Dude , I miss you so much . You were like , my best friend back in elementary school . Even though it’s been years , still kinda miss hanging out at your house every single day . Haha , I think my favorite memory with you guys was during the summer . 
25 ;\ 
Ohai thar , you creeper . Had some pretty awesome times with you in the past , though I haven't really seen you in forever . Aside from the time you sold me something for JROTC . Think it was cookies or something ... you're like a girl-scout ! The army version of the girl-scouts , of course . 
1313131313131313 ; \ 
Yo duuuuude . Been a while since we < PROPMALE > out or anything , think that Camping Trip was the last time . Dunno , I have a terrible memory . Anyways ! We've had some awesome times in the past , especially aimlessly walking around the halls after the school day ended . 
Today was just mind-blowing . I met Speedy Delivery ( Mr. McFeely ) from Mr. < PROPMALE>'s Neighborhood at the mall , which nearly gave me a heart attack . < PROPFIRST > and I had to walk around the store for 10 minutes just to work up the courage to talk to him . 
Your soul is an appalling dump heap\ 
Overflowing with the most disgraceful assortment\ 
Of deplorable rubbish imaginable\ 
Mangled up in tangled up knots\ 
You nauseate me , Mr. Grinch . \ 
With a nauseas super-naus\ 
You're a crooked jerky jockey\ 
And you drive a crooked horse , Mr. Grinch ! 
Oh , Facebook Profile . I'm sorry I left you . Please give me one more < PROPMALE > , and I'll pay more attention to your needs . At least I didn't cheat on you with Myspace . <3 
