I'm going to be fencing in the Summer Games wish me luck :) 

In my programming class I wrote a program . In this program you control a space ship that flies around the screen , and you shoot flying junk that comes at your ship . But the truly beautiful thing about this program is that your bullets are < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > faces , oh I cannot describe the amount of laughter that came from this simple program it was amazing :) 
< PROPFIRST > is sick with some unknown disease =( Fever of 101 so far =/ In other news ; I had a swim meet today , while I was sick it was just dandy :) 
Has decided that he should have never done that cheerleading thing for school . 
Thinks that Dungeons and Dragons is the coolest game ever . . . 
Avatar is the most incredibly statuesque movie ever made . It's beauty is so unbelievably monumental that words cannot even begin to describe its magnificence . To say the least , it is an experience like none other . 
Happy Christmahanaquanzica everyone ! Yay :D 
Yay I got a new laptop for christmas ^.^ I are happy 
Got a 2nd place metal at the debate tournament in L.D. 
Someone argued with me the other day and made a point . They stated that I could not put a measurement on attractiveness . I commented in return saying that I could very easily in fact . Force of attractiveness is equal to ( 6.67 * 10^-11 ) multiplied by the mass of first person times mass of second person , all that divided by the squared value of the distance between them . Boom , attractiveness . 
Is hopefully going to become a Weber State Ambassador yay 
Cut 7 seconds off his 100 time during the Region Swim Meet :D 
Impossible you say ? Apparently you never got the memo . Achieving the impossible is what we humans do best ;) 
It's funny , you work so hard , you do everything you can to get away from a place , and when you finally get your < PROPMALE > to leave , you find a reason to stay . . . 
I was never more certain of how far away I was from my goal than when I was standing right beside it . 
Maybe it was a love of the planets , maybe it was just my growing dislike for this one , but for as long as I can remember , I have dreamt of going to space . 
What makes us human ? Is it our ability to see right versus wrong ? Perhaps it is our perception of reality that allows us to see past the obvious and provide solution to problems where we see fit . Is it simply our appearance that makes us human ? Or something more ? 
My cat's have for some unknown reason gone into a mad rage lately . . . I could not sleep at all last night , they were scratching at my doors and windows . And today when I get home they are at it again . . . From the sound of things , there wont be much of a house left when I get out of here . 
Got a new profile pic 
Is losing touch with reality due to all the mathematics he has been doing lately . Hours upon hours of < PROPFIRST > , equations , concepts , theorems . Absolutely love it . But my personality is slowly going down the drain . 
FFR put up a mirror site , and I am litterally in love all over again with FFR . . . I swear to god this game is drugs for the eyes 
Had a pretty boring day overall . Went swimming , that was fun . 
Is quickly becoming jaded . A wonderful condition I've been trying to avoid . I am failing . 
Might be going to an < PROPMALE > school for a degree in 3d animation :D 
Has decided that being nice to girls is the best way to make them hate you . 
Is very afraid at the moment . Afraid that he is going to lose one of his close friends . Someone is manipulating his friend against him with lies and deciet =/ Does not know what to do . 
Passed his lifeguard certification class today ! :D 
Just scored a job as a lifeguard at Green Valley Spa :D I start Wednesday 
Sundays are so boring ! Never anything to do ! 
Boring ol ' day , not a fan of my days of late . Glad I got a job , can finally have somethin to do . 
There's nowhere to hide ! Nowhere to run ! Your village will burn like the heart of theeee suuuuunn ! . . . When infinitely . . . Death becomes , me . . . I'll slaugher the . . . World . 
Has got to program a full C# 3d physics engine , gotta get crackin , if anyone has any tips please let me know :) Workin my little brain apart tryin to wrap my mind around it so far 
This is the last time I get my haircut like this , people sayin they don't like it to me 
\Blessed of the huge scaley dinosaurs for they shall undoubtadly inherit the Earth . . . unless something terrible happens with the temperature . \"" 
Hey does this rag smell like chlorophorm to you ? 
When life gives you lemons , you take those lemons and throw them right back , yelling \make your own freaken lemonaid ! \"" 
There's a distinct difference between smart people doing something dumb , and dumb people doing what comes naturally to them . 
People , citizens , friends and family . I shall present to you a proposition . We live in a universe of balance ; for every positive there is a negative . Where there exists matter , there is an anti-matter . Where there is energy , there also exists a negative energy . Where there is a happiness , there exists a sadness . Where there is love , there exists hate . 
Has discovered what the meaning of life is . It is really quite simple , I don't know what all the years of fuss and philosophical strife has been about , hog wash and childs play I say . Give me a real challenge ! 
\So you ready to give up this life of luxury and become a professional broadcaster ? \ " \ 
2-D space is not viable for the existence of life forms because the complexityrequired for brain interconnections , digestive tracts , etc . requires 3-D . Simple calculations show that electron orbitals in atoms would not be stable for dimensions higher than 3 , which makes only 3-D space uniquely suitablefor life : 
wants to enlist active military service , and is pretty sure that he is going to do it within the next two months . 
Will be gone after this college semester , and will never be returning to St. < PROPFIRST > . 
Went to Africa last weekend ! It was tons of fun , I went Giraffe riding , put up a picture on my profile , check it out ! 
If we deny love that is given to us , if we refuse to give love because we fear the pain of loss , then our lives will be empty , our loss greater . 
Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
Even after most of the world has been turned into nuclear ash , even after the world governments have crumbled and the social infrastructure decays into anarchy , even when , after the greatest and most horrible war of all , the human race has every reason to band together in an effort to save one another from total annihilation -- they don't . 
Woo , 105% on my trig test 
Oooo-looo-lololo , all drugged up from surgery yay , woooooo 
Yay . Sittin at home bored on halloween , huge headache , mouth full of pain , gotta love the holidays . . . 
Dentist gave me the best comment a dentist can give , he said to me , \Your teeth are as pretty as they come . \ " Booyah !. . . Me : 30 . Cavities : zip ! " 
Found out that he can dislodge his shoulders out of socket whenever he wants . . . fancy that ! 
Yeuh , 101% on my second trig test :D 
Mouth is in so much pain >_< Ran outa pain killers , can't eat anything harder than jello , which I also ran out of jello ! What's the deal here ! Doctors said I'd be feeling better by monday , liars ! 
Hates being miserable . Got some sort of infection and is way sick . . . this sucks so bad . 
Now that I'm feeling better I wish I had the meds back >_< Needa get sick again lol , hate bein in my right mind 
Gave a speed on quantum computing in class yesterday . . . Man I really should have expected a room full of deer lookin into the headlights 
Most people who live in Saint < PROPFIRST > do not realize that trying to convert someone from another religion to be LDS is the exact same as if a person from a separate faith were to try to convert them . What I don't understand , is how they don't see that logic . 
Believe's he has developed ampullae of Lorenzini and now has the ability of magnetoception . Subsequently he no longer requires a compass to know exactly which direction he is facing . Win . 
Jesus sacrificed himself to liberate all people of their sins . . . So Jesus is in hell ? O.o Seeing as how the price for sinning is hell . Another thing : Don't soldiers die for everyone else's freedoms every day ? Why aren't they exalted and worshiped ? 
Just got home . Climbed up and over the Red mountain , then hiked around Snow Canyon , then hiked out to the freeway across from < PROPFEMALE > Valley , woo ! Freaken awesome 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why would we continue raising pay ... for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? Keep it going if you agree 
“Your time is limited , don’t waste it living someone else’s life . Don’t be trapped by dogma , which is living the result of other people’s thinking . Don’t let the noise of other’s opinion drown your own inner voice . And most important , have the courage to follow your heart and intuition , they somehow already know what you truly want to become . Everything else is secondary . ” 
People ask me , what is the meaning of life ? I reply , the trick to answering this question , is not to ask it . Go live your life , follow your dreams , give it your all to become that which you wish to become , for you cannot find the answer to your question , the answer must find you . 
has decided that one day he will write a book . A book the likes of which have never been seen . Something great . Something pure . Something beyond imagining . And with it's creation there shall < PROPFEMALE > a new day , a red day , for writing and storytelling alike , a day to free modern literature from the tyranny of Twilight . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > : How much for the list with all the naughty girls on it ? Sincerely : Me ;) 
Is anybody doing anything for new years ? 
Has been trying to create a Society Simulation program . . . It is quite complex . Could use some help if anyone has ideas . Explanation on how the program works will be posted in comment . 
Two more months till It's goodbye Saint < PROPFIRST > for me 
Is gonna go see Tron in like 30 mins if anyone wants to go . 
two atoms walk into a bar . one atom says to the other \I think i've lost an ? electron ! \ " the other one says \ " are you sure ? \ " to which the fist one replies \ " I'm positive ! \"" 
Heard a speech the other day about higher dimensions . It turned into a religion speech , the man went on about how the ' soul ' exists in these higher dimensions . He also went on to claim that god lived in these higher dimensions . He gave example of how our dimensional plane cannot interact with these higher dimensions but the higher dimensions could interact with the lower ones . 
You and me will all go down in history , with a sad Statue of < PROPFEMALE > , and a generation that didn't agree . 
Kind of annoying ; Someone leaves to go on a mission for two years and everyone gets all worked up . Yet when someone's leaving for other reasons , pretty much forever mind you , it seems no one cares much . Religionism = selfish mindset . 
