just woke up from a three-hour-long nap thinking it was morning ... 

BORED 
feels disgusting and useless 
really pissed off . 
can't believe what the musical is but is really really excited !!!! 
fml x 10 
is confused . 
this is ridiculous . 
dog ate my phone >_< FML 
dog ate my phone . >_< worst weekend ever . 
wow . wowawowowow . 
life can be really funny when you stop caring so much for a second and see how stupid people are and realize how ridiculous the things you were worrying about are . 
I'm done . I always say I'm going to change or things are going to change , and then I don't and they don't . But something's gotta give . We'll see what it is soon enough 
:) 
is feeling better than he has in a LONG time 
HATES living in Arlington ! 
found my old phone to use . text it 
Well that was a terrible idea . Oh well , it happens . 
Chicago ? Curtains ? Fame ? < PROPFEMALE > ? What's it gonna be ? 
is saying goodbye to his long hair . 
is both excited about and dreading this year . 
looking for houses :/ 
is finally moving to Fort Worth ! 
probably should have stopped at the railroad crossing , seeing as the red lights were flashing and the bar thing was going down . Oh well ... there was a green light and I didn't get runover by a train so it's all good ! 
not bad for the first day of school . Except I have homework .... 
second day , and I had homework in all but one class . I'm still working 
is finally caught up in English ! Spent my whole weekend with A Farewell to Arms . I'm going to bed . AP AB Calc and French will just have to wait til tomorrow 
weekend + sushi = :) 
is preparing himself for \EXTREME DRAMA\ " tomorrow " 
really tired but had a really fun , productive day . I finally feel like I'm getting somewhere 
sooo tired ! Good week though . 
is extremely excited about this week . 
needs sleep but is not going to get it . Weekend , where are you ? 
is in shock . 
packing 
feels like all the work is starting to pay off . 
loves the White Christmas script . 
has internet once again ! 
really needs to learn how to not procrastinate . 
had an awesome day . Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
finally finished memorizing Act II 
can't believe the sun sets before 5:00 in NYC . 
just loves being at school for 14 consecutive hours . @_@ 
Wow . 
Wow . Great show everyone ! 
Best show yet !! 
It's over ! Great show everyone ! Thanks so much to the amazing cast and crew and everyone who came to see our hard work . 
AP English will be the death of me . 
Is anyone else's chat sending them advertisements from random people ? Or is my computer just screwed up 
almost done with college apps , happy for the New Year , and more than ready to be a second semester senior !! 
hates essays ! 
is excited about tomorrow :D 
had a great day . 
hopes Lost will get better soon 
National Thespian Society meeting tomorrow morning at 8:45 in Mrs. Carlson's room . Come , there will be donuts ! 
tired of being mad . And just plain tired 
< PROPFIRST > Darko ? 
is chasing fireflies and stargazing in the mountains . 
really can't believe he's about to start his senior year 
college essays . :/ 
just loves writing college essays on his birthday instead of sleeping ... :/ 
is happy to be 18 . Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Best dance ever ! 
has anyone done the AP Bio homework ? 
just submitted his Yale app , but somehow doesn't feel relieved . 
loves being 18 :D 
will not be sleeping tonight ... 
are both AP Bio labs due tomorrow ? 
Deferred from Yale . 
I hate family road trips . 
Seven college apps in twelve days ? Possible . Add in Christmas , 18 hours of driving , and wisdom teeth removal ? Doubtful ... 
Is enjoying his white Christmas ! 
Is enjoying his second White Christmas in a row and having a phone again ! 
HATES college apps !!!! 
