is graduation on Saturday 

is sick 
has just moved into her dorm 
is tired of work , and Beowulf 
is way too tired 
hates finals 
is looking forward to the Latin test so very much 
is really sick of all the construction around campus ... and talk of the JMU game too , actually . 
finished reading and \analyzing\ " Rime of the Ancient Mariner ( finally ) \ 
Finished the Essay thing I was assigned a week ago in a little over an hour . Procrastination rules . 
is very sleepy , and sick of midterm things . 
managed to convince the entire Intro to Creative Writing class that I invented Modern Fantasy . 
I think we won the football game ... or people just really like fireworks . 
I just finished writing an essay worth 30% of my final grade in the class . It's about 5% fact , 15% supposition quoted from class and 80% utter nonsense based loosely on psychology . I feels smart . 
Happy Veterans Day world 
Is rather dreading working the Thanksgiving Feast ... 
My head hurts , I need to stop walking into things . 
No class tomorrow and no tests on Friday\ 
This week is shaping out to be pretty okay ... 
There are heavily inebriated people shouting Christmas carols down the hall from me . 
I finished my CS program , and while ugly it runs . I have a small essay in comments , maybe this time I'll finally get full credit for having them ... 
And I'm back on campus . Not sure how I feel about it ... less chocolate more freedom 
My english teachers either cannot use or dislike using computers in class . Today she spend the first twenty minutes of class trying to figure out why the projector wasn't working until she let us help and we realized :\ 
a ) The projector wasn't on\ 
b ) She hadn't plugged her laptop into it . \ 
I love college . 
So my childhood was just ruined . My roommate ( an animal science < PROPMALE > ) informed me that chocolate milk does not come from chocolate cows . I'm heartbroken , how can I ever trust my parents again ? 
I just got a care package complete with 10000 different noodle meals . I'll never need to leave my dorm room again , and I got a ramen bowl with chopsticks and spoon . It's pretty epic . 
My head hurts . I've been drilling latin vocab for three hours now , and I have trouble thinking in English ... or Latin for that matter . 
So , I wrote three essays , studied chem , watched television , didn't watch anime and then memorized latin stuff . I was productive , when I didn't have to be . I'm scared for my sanity . 
Two essays and half a project down , now just the a midterm , a normal test , and a project and a half to go before break . 
My head hurts and a two hour nap is apparently not nearly as useful as a full night of sleep . Who knew ? Now I'm off to take a latin test and then to spend forever on a bus . I can hardly wait . 
I finished Aris and Trivedi is evil incarnate 
Finally got the wireless internet back online , it was far less intuitive than I'd imagined . Apparently my dad lost half the info I was supposed to input and the instruction disk didn't want to run on my laptop . Stupid old technology . 
So , our bus has wifi and is leaving early ... life is good . 
I'm back and tired and hating chem lab oh so very much . No one should assign a midterm 8:00 am Monday after break 
Trivedi is evil incarnate . I have homework due Tuesday , Thursday and Friday all for his class . 
I wrote a paragraph , watched an episode of anime wrote another paragraph , watched another few episodes wrote a half a paragraph ... I think I'm getting pretty good at this multitasking thing . And I should be done with the essay by 9:30 
I hate Chemistry and Aris 
So apparently I've got to spend between 50-60 dollars every week until the end of the school year to end with a balance of around 20-30 dollars . I wonder if I can do it ? 
So I wound up watching Die Hard again instead of writing an English paper . I'm such a good student . 
