So I just took all of my son's toys and his tv out of his room .... for the hundredth time ! Once again , he's left with nothing but his bed and dresser . He's so bad all the time , will he never learn how to behave ?! 

Just another day at home with my little girl . Maybe we'll go shopping later :) 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to EVERYONE !! Hope you all have a wonderful day !! :-) 
I'm so annoyed !! It's pretty messed up when ur married and yet u still end up alone on < PROPFIRST>'s Day !! :-( 
So I decided to kill 2 birds with 1 stone & take my daughter ( 16mos ) into the shower with me . Uuhh , no ... bad idea . I still don't know if I got all the conditioner rinsed out of my hair lol 
Was just sittin here being lazy , then all of a sudden I had this big jolt of energy . I got up and cleaned my house top to bottom in less than 2 hrs !! Have no idea where it came from , but I wish I was that energetic all the time ! lol 
I don't care how good they claim Windows 7 is ...... I think it totally SUCKS !! lol 
Not looking forward to driving to Tampa at 7am . Traffic and construction and semi's OH MY ! lol 
. 
THESE ARE THE ANIMALS THAT I HAVE IF YOU NEED THEM .... american alligator - 
american alligator , american big horn , andean condor , anteater , beluga whale , blue whale , bongo , brushtail possum , dolphin , fennec fox , fire salamander , flying fox bat , giant sable antelope , gorilla , great egret , great horned owl , < PROPFEMALE > badger , komodo dragon , mandrill , marmot , moose , narwhal whale , red panda , < PROPFEMALE > , sloth , snow leopard , spotted hyena , sunda < PROPFEMALE > , tasmanian devil , yellow mongoose , white tailed deer 
Well it looks like I've run out of invitations for the day , that's the one thing I really hate about this stupid game lol . But I'll still have everything tomorrow , so if you still need it then let me know . And thank you for the animals that have been sent to me . 
ANIMALS I NEED ..... african buffalo arctic fox asian wildhorse binturong gharial dragonfly chilean flamingo hedgehog sandhill crane 
THIS IS WHAT I HAVE TO GIVE AWAY ... american alligator , american big horn , andean condor , anteater , beluga whale , blue whale , bongo , brushtail possum , dolphin , fennec fox , fire salamander , flying fox bat , giant sable antelope , gorilla , great egret , great horned owl , < PROPFEMALE > badger , humpback whale , komodo dragon , mandrill , marmot , moose , narwhal whale , ocelot , red panda , 
All I need is a hedgehog if anyone has an extra one . Tyvm to all who sent animals to me . If anyone needs anything let me know and I'll send to you if I have it !! 
I'm going to scream if I keep doing this !! lol Does anyone have a camel , otter , or hippo ??? 
going to bed , work in the morning ..... I will cry if I don't get a hedgehog ( not really ) but yes I will lol 
THERE IS A VIRUS SPEADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . DO NOT ACCEPT ANYTHING FROM ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS THAT ASK YOU TO WATCH A VIDEO ON YOU TUBE . SNOPES JUST CONFIRMED . IT IS A TROJAN WORM VIRUS . IT WILL STEAL INFO , INFEST YOUR SYSTEM AND SHUT IT DOWN . DO NOT OPEN THE LINK . PLEASE REPOST THIS IN YOUR STATUS 
I only need 2 more slate tiles in Farmville if anyone could please help ! I'll return the favor , thank you :-) 
One more slate tile to go !!! 
Does anyone have a manatee or a hedgehog I can borrow ? Mine are breeding right now , I will give it back . 
Need binturong also . I have to get 3 of each and I only have 2 and they are all breeding . I will promptly return right back to you 
I NEED TO BORROW MANATEE , BINTURONG , AND DIK DIK .... WILL PROMPTLY RETURN ! THANK YOU ! 
Is anyone else having problems visiting their friend's zoos today ? 
where are all the stupid donkeys ?!?? I accidently adopted one and haven't seen anymore since grrrrrrr lol 
i have children , ( 1xboy 1xgirl in fact LOL ) If you come over unannounced there WILL be stuff from one end of the house to the other , dishes in the sink , and hell , there might even be food crumbs on the floor ! But we WILL be happy , and that's all that matters to us !... Re-post this if you have a house like mine : - 
Oh crap , new animals !! Please don't send me anything new !!! I have got to get past this level first , only a few more hours to go !!! lol 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT********STOP PLAYING FOR A MINUTE-COPY AND REPOST ! 3 YR OLD BOY TAKEN BY MAN IN ROCHESTER MI DRIVING 2006 MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE . PLATE #98B351 REPOST NOW ! SERIOUSLY !!!!!!! I hope to see this repeated on this < PROPFEMALE > many times , a child is in danger - this was on the national news 28 minutes ago 
Yaaaayyy !! I'm done with zoo !! It's about damn time lol . If anyone needs any help with animals just let me know , I'll keep breeding so I have them to send :) 
I only need help from 2 more people on my barn raising in Farmville !! Please , anyone ?? lol 
TO FIX the new ' show similar posts ' , go To your Profile , click the button BELOW \Share\ " and then click on Settings and then in the ' Stories posted by friends ' section simply UNCHECK the \ " Combine Posts\ " box . The posts will come back like they used to be . PASS IT ON SINCE WHAT YOU HAVE DONE AFFECTS YOUR POSTS ONLY SO IT MAY TAKE A WHILE FOR ALL TO UNCHECK THEIR BOX " 
Only need 2 more people to help upgrade my greenhouse in zoo , please ! Thank you ! 
I'm soooo glad they finally fixed the farm so you only have to click once to feed/harvest !! lol And with that being said , I no longer need any building materials of any kind . Thank you all for the help :) 
IT'S DAUGHTER WEEK ! If you have a daughter(s ) who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status . ? Your daughters will outgrow your lap , but never your heart ! I'm so thankful God gave me such a beautiful gift , I am so blessed 
Is anyone else having problems with their \treasure hunter\ " not working ?? " 
If you have a wonderful man who works hard to take care of you , would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh , your best friend , who wants to grow old with you . Who will always pick you up when you are down , who is your world and someone that you are thankful for ! Then post this in your status & give the good men the recognition they deserve . Great men are few & far between and I have one !! 
I just joined Stickam.com! Come view my LIVE stream at http://stickam.com/bpoirier 
I'd say dealing with the same b.s. about 7 years is long enough , eventually I'm going to lose my cool , and when I do .... Lord help you . For the last time , my hubby is NOT your baby's daddy so get the fuck over it already ! { Today's lesson : keep your legs closed & don't be a slut , then you'll know who your baby's daddy is } 
Had a cook out at my sissy's house for father's day ... she made crab legs , shrimp , crawdads , bbq ribs , and of course bbq beans , tater salad , and corn on the cob . I'm stuffed and going to bed lol . 
WTH is wrong with our legal system ??? Child abuse should be punishable on the same scale as murder & as far as I'm concerned that means the death penalty !! What the fuck is wrong with these people ?! It literally makes me sick to my stomach to hear & see what some of these people do to babies ! It makes me grit my teeth with anger & I wish I could beat the shit out of those monsters & show them exactly how it feels . 
Took the kids to Buccaneer Bay/Weeki Wachee for the first time today , they had a blast . Now it's time to relax , work tomorrow . 
I wish there was a hunting season for dumb bitches lol 
What ? I need anger management ? Me ? Well , I think that you need to kiss my ass 
Sometimes I wish I could just punch someone without getting in trouble .... life would be so much easier lol 
On average , a 5 year old asks 437 questions a day ... that would explain my headache lol 
12-6 cloud ..... yes or no ? lol 
I wish that for just one day a week you could legally shoot stupid people 
You can't please everybody ... but you sure as hell can piss everybody off ! 
I may be a bitch but atleast I smile when I tell you to fuck off :) 
Don't judge me like you know me . Don't talk to me if you don't like me . I am my own person and if you don't like it , I don't give a damn ! 
Excuse me , did you say something ?? I'm sorry , all I hear coming out of your mouth is \Blah blah blah \"" 
I love how people say to grow up , then turn around and do very childish things ... now who needs to grow up ? 
If you don't know the whole story , just ask ! Don't take sides on assumptions , assuming you know what's going on when you really don't . 
Yaaaaayyyyy for mono !!!! lol this shit sucks !!! 
Husband for sale !!!! Any takers ???? Hell , at this point I'll just GIVE him away !!! LOL 
To all those people who can't stop talking , yet have nothing important to say .... how about a nice big cup of shut the hell up :) 
Sometimes it's just done ... know what I mean ? Just walk away and move on .... no ugly words ..... no formal goodbyes .... just no more . 
When I figure out how to get away with murder .. \ 
God help you . 
Cell phone is back on 
Now I remember why I don't go clubbing anymore ..... feet hurt , back hurts , hips hurt ... boy it sucks getting old :( LOL . It was fun though , so I guess it was worth it . 
Got my new stove ! Yayyy !! Triple Chocolate Brownies yummyy !! 
What a great day ..... my son won a brand new bike in a raffle , I have my new stove so I get to make my amazing meatloaf for dinner , and I just finished my enrollment for online criminal justice classes !! First class is Monday !! Woo hoo ! 
UPS just delivered my school books .... guess that means it's really time to get to work lol , no more games for a while I suppose .... 500 word essay , here I come ! :p 
Grades are in for first week of school .... 9 A's ( all 100%) and only 1 B !! Yayyy meee ! lol Now it's on to week 2 ..... bleh :p 
Could really use a magic ' all- better ' pill , right about now ! 
I know u don't care , but I just can't help myself lol ..... I got my son's mid-term , & instead of giving an actual grade , they assess the children on a Skills Testing Chart which is based on the Florida State Standards for kindergartners . Well ... a beginning kindergartner is expected to score a 72 or higher for reading , language , and math abilities . My son scored 135 ! I'm so proud :-) 
I can be Forgiving , Understanding , Compassionate , Kind , Inspiring , and Thoughtfu ... but today is not one of those days . 
Father in heaven , today I give You all that I am . I invite You into the weak places in my life so that You can turn them into strengths . In Jesus ' Name . 
How many thunderstorms must one person go through before they finally see a rainbow ? 
Happy 2nd birthday to my baby girl !! And happy 30th birthday to my hubby !!! :) 
May God bless the soldiers and their families that won't be home this Christmas ! Remember them in your prayers ! They are the reason we are home with ours ! 
I feel like the luckiest woman in the whole world ... because I have the world's best husband ! 
