I wanna stop being depressed all the time 

Might have a new guy in her life 
To Missoula , shots , strippers , shots , party , shots , midnight kiss a gay man , beer pong , taco < PROPFEMALE > and to top it off a nerf gun fight before passing out . Best fucking news years ever 
Volunteering at Nature's Edge and getting to spend time with < PROPFIRST > in Wisconsin 
Drinking my first Guinness 
Going to see Flogging < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow night in Minneapolis and I'm oober excited and can't wait !!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
So hey everyone I lost all my phone < PROPFIRST > out of my phone so if you all could text me or something so I have them again that would be awesome :) 
< PROPFIRST > is the greastest muah to him 
Loving her boyfriend and his sweetness to her . Falling in love more and more each day . Love you < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! 
Skiing on Big Mountain next saturday and I can't wait 
Single again and I don't like it one bit 
Always Always Always attracted to unavailable men 
I hate men . I hate them all . they pretnd to care and really don't . and now I'm left here broken hearted and lonley feeling like there is something wrong with me . 
oh blonde hair please take the brunette . I am making a slight change 
dad and I are fixing my neon ouside in oreillys parking lot . super gay and super cold . yay handwarmers !!!!!!! 
Tired of locing family and friends and being magnetized with unavailble men !!!!!!!!! 
Taking comments and votes . I dont know if i should go back to school or not . Im looking into Equine science and management . Let me know what you think . 
OMG !!!!! I am joining fucking roller derby and the first practice kicked my skinny ass 
is feeling the pain of last nights roller derby practice 
I need a male stripper for this summer for a bachelorette pary 
anyone know any male strippers in kalispell 
I love rodeos and wranglers and my man riding bulls 
I'm excited to be using my new phone 
Attempting ti still figure out mtmy phone . 
I did the Texaco Country Showdown auditions . I don't know if i made it yet but everyone pray for me 
I think that men are completely incapable of being attractive , humorous , fun , loving , open and having the same things in common as me that i have nearly had enough of the bullshit and deception of men making me think that it is ever going to be more than that . I am thoroughly frustrated 
Met one of the coolest people i've ever met 
Omg i hate flying . WHY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Finally in California and tired . I have no love to miss and no love to miss me . Chivalry is dead among cowboys and women are now dust in their wind 
Another day in Californ-I-A 
I have lost complete faith and trust in men . I give up 
I hate the fill in band at the blue < PROPFEMALE > . They've butchered every song they've played so far and sometimes go off beat . Very frustrating to dance to . 
I am lonely tonight . No one to cuddle with . Single is only fun for so long and then it sucks . 
