\KINECTing\ " with new friends and waiting to bing in the new year ... did u see what i did there .. i said kinect cause we are playing the game but its also like bonding with people .. ahh sometimes i amaze myself im so amazing :) " 

so happy my dad-in-law is ok .. definatley great news to start the day off with ! 
An absolutely stunning , smart and awesome girl with a smile that can brighten up anyone's day . Can even make people who are feeling miserable laugh . Doesn't Disrespect Anyone And Is Very Unique . An amazingly cute , extremely nice , loveable girl who can always cheer you up no matter how sad or down you're feeling . An amazing friend who you'll never want to lose . 
is sad my < PROPFIRST > wil be leaving me for 2 weeks .. gotta keep busy so time will fly by .. so if anyone wants me to work any days for them starting monday just let me know !! 
its only been day 2 .. i miss my love :( .... I Love You < PROPFIRST > !! 
work was pretty cool tonight .. same time tomorrow .. 
bored and cant sleep .. thank goodness for spongebob ... nothing like fine quality entertainment lol 
had a blast at < PROPFEMALE > sumit !! thank you girls :) 
first day off in a week .. wishin my baby was with me .. 
slept all day yesterday .. now time for work .. then back to sleep .. not feeling very good .. 
so happy the week is flying by .. my love comes sunday !!! 
work was fun tonight .. i love all my co-workers :) 
time to mow the lawn and clean the house before the boys get home :) 
day off .. excited for girls night tonight :) 
has the greatest friends i could ever ask for .. i love you all ! 
laundry .. work .. sleep .. HE COMES HOME TOMORROW !!!!!! 
sooo happy my baby is home .. havent slep this good in two weeks :) 
we keep going to bed early and waking up at 5 .. most likely gonna nap before work lol 
this is gonna be a looong .. boring .. depressing week :( 
day 1 down .. 5 more to go .. soo bummed :( 
just finished mowing the lawn .. its a workout lol 
is really stressin .. grr i hate thinking about money .. 
pleases hurry and come taxes .. ive been patient lol 
gonna go < PROPFEMALE > out with the family today .. weehoo ! 
had a great time seeing my family again .. time to relax with my baby .. and excited cause its back to work tomorrow !!!! thank god ! 
back to work at 6 today ... finally ! :) 
im freeeezing !! 
its funny how a nice run helps when i got alot on my mind .. its helps the tension .. 
aww thats sad < PROPFIRST > Haim passed away 
I LOVE my friends !! and my SEXY , HILARIOUS , SPAZSTIC , LOVING , CARING , HYPERACTIVE BOYFRIEND ... grrrr ... haha 
ok so < PROPFIRST > , Caralissa and I are the most random people lol i love how we went from < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , apartments , scrapbooking , excessive peeing , killer dingos and now videos ... i love you girls ! 
just finished watching Precious .. very good .. 
to all those comming over tomorrow night .. your welcome to bring any drinks you like just in case you dont like what we have lol ... love you all .. see you tomorrow night !! 
Had an AMAZING time with my love yesterday .. bumming it today 
bummin it before work .. Scott bought me < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog !! weehoo 
is ready to spend the day with my love ... gonna be great :) 
had a good lunch with my love .. now time for work .. wishin for a busy night :) 
has the day off ... what to do ?? 
gettin ready for work .. hope its busy tonight !! oh by the way I LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > !!! 
work was good .. wish i couldve stayed longer lol .. now time to kick back and watch the office till my baby love gets home .. 
watching the Office .. waiting for my < PROPFIRST > :) 
work at 5 tonight .. hope its busy .. 
had an awesome time at the zoo today .. we fed giraffes !! hehe 
My back is killing me ... for once im not to eager to go to work ... pain please go away .. 
is gonna have lunch with my baby before he goes to work .. weehoo !! 
saw a movie last night and something stuck out to me .. \just because someone is your true love doesnt mean your their true love \"" 
I Love You < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
i want to sell my truck ! so if anyone wants an 03 silverado for 9,000 - 10,000 let me know lol 
on my way to kerman to see some of the people i love ! 
got some awesome news this morning .. thank you sister :) 
im lovin the new < PROPFEMALE > Jam song Just Breathe ! 
have a fun time at the park .. damn mosquitos though .. grrr .. 
Monster Jam !!! weehoo !! 
Mmm cucumber and lemon .. delish ! 
Needs to start a healthier lifestyle .. AND STICK WITH IT !!! 
AVATAR !!! 
actually ate pretty healthy today i think .. organic spinach pizza for dinner , strawberries for dessert , and chocolate soy milk .. HOLY CRAP its delicious !!! lol 
Did some yard work with my < PROPFIRST > then we had a water fight .. fun times :) 
i think i need to see a chiropractor or just need an amazing massage .. my back is messing me up .. i can barely stand .. im getting old :( 
The Imaginarium of Dr Parnasses is a GREAT movie !! i looooved it :) 
Made meatloaf and a blueberry cheescake last night .. not bad for my fist time !! although my sweet potato mashed potatoes came out like soup lol 
Isnt looking forward to tomorrow .. but its just a month then ill be back in his arms :) i love you baby ! 
< PROPFIRST > said the funniest thing .. he was watching me change the oil on my truck and asked \how does it feel being under a truck again\ " lol ass ! " 
Dropped < PROPFIRST > off at the base :( .. back home getting some sun with miss ally 
Went running with Ally and Bear .. that dog worked me out lol 
Had a blast at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > with ally ! had fun tonight with the girls .. little buzzed .. time for bed ! Happy Mommas Day :) 
Two words that come to mind when asked about my future ... Scott Jackson .. thats all i need lol 
Busy day planned today .. then < PROPFIRST > comes home at 3 tomorrow .. couldnt ask for anything better :) 
3 Oclock ... hurry up !!! 
is going camping with my love ... fun fun fun !!! 
is sooo happy < PROPFEMALE > Fox isnt the number 1 woman on Maxims top 100 ... go < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !! 
the dates are set !! bbq/potluck 3 pm june 5th at the house .. bring food drinks .. whatever :) and the ceremony will be June 9th ( happy bday < PROPFIRST > lol ) at 2:15 at the Hanford Court house if anyone would like to come .. hope to see yall at both ! 
also if you decide to come can u let < PROPFIRST > or myself know what you will be bringing and if your bringing guests .. thank you all ! 
Happy bday to my cousin < PROPFEMALE > and to my girl < PROPFIRST > !!! hope you have a blast on your special day :) 
had so much fun playing with the slip and slide .. gonna play some scene it and eat some bbq :) 
i dont know much about sex and the city .. but damn that sounds like a fun ass time .. gonna have to find a way to make that ... you come up with the coolest ideas miss lolo ! 
is cleaning the house for tomorrow .. i cant wait :) 
Up and ready for a great day !! hope to see everyone today :) 
Thank you so much to our family and friends for making this day so amazing .. i love you all .. and thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > for making our night soooooo much better hehe :) i love you all so much ! 
Today is my last day as < PROPFEMALE > Havens ... tomorrow i will officially be < PROPFEMALE > Havens Jackson .. im the happiest ive ever been :) 
Todays the big day !! i couldnt sleep at all last night .. hopefully im not a puffy eyed bride lol 
I'z Married now !!!! and im < PROPFEMALE > very happy to be married to my best friend .. its a great feeling :) I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
I got my military ID !! the picture is hideous haha 
Is happy to see my sister and brother tomorrow in < PROPFEMALE > cruz .. just hopin my < PROPFIRST > Doesnt have to work so he can join me 
Yay he doesnt have to work .. santa < PROPFIRST > is gonna be great !!! 
My hubby leaves for Hawaii tomorrow .. great he goes to hawaii for our honeymoon whle im stuck in the great town of lemoore .. what fun ! lol 
Not looking forward to today :( 
Ive only seen him off 4 times .. but it doesnt get any easier .. countdown begins .. 2 months :( 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! big 22 hope you girls have a blast .. i love you sisters :) 
Just saw karate kid .... A+ :) 
is slowly falling into a shlump .. i already miss him :( 
is having coffe in fresno with < PROPFEMALE > 
Get Him to the Greek ... Hilarious !!! 
Happy Birthday to my little Angie .. 17 years old and growing to be a beautiful woman .. hope you have a wonderful day today :) and Happy Fathers day to all the poppas out their .. ive been blessed to have an amazing father .. someone i can call my friend .. he raised us to be amazing people and sacraficed so much just to see us happy .. i love you poppa :) 
Had a great time with the poppa and the brother ! im gonna miss you < PROPFEMALE > !!! ah today was a good day :) 
patiently waiting for the FedEx guy .. and praying for a busy night at work 
\she had the body of Beyonce and the head of a midget \"- Pauly Shore " 
i hate that you work hard to buy yourself nice things and stupid people can take it like nothing 
is watching 17 Again .. i love this movie :) 
missin my hubby :( 
is sitting in the sun playing SUDOKU 
is watching Cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of Meatballs and it just never gets old .. i love this movie :) 
is waiting for the phone call .. i miss him so much ! 
HE CALLED !!! wow just hearing his voice made everything so much better .. i no longer feel blah :) i love my hubby !! 
Watching One Flew Over the Cookoos Nest .. Jack Nicholson is very attractive in this movie lol 
One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest ... A+++ Its an amazing movie and i definatley recomend watching it if youve never seen it .. WOW ! i loved it 
\the only guy that ever escaped never made it out \"- Invader Zim " 
Happy im working today ! 
I love netflix lol 
had my teeth xray'd today by miss < PROPFEMALE > .. it was pretty interesting and now i have pictures of teeth i can scrapbook haha .. thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Happy 17th bday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
just finished washing my truck .. drying it is a bitch lol 
happy 4th everyone :) 
Sad that i wont be able to talk to < PROPFIRST > on the phone for 3 weeks but happy cause hes that much closer to being back in my arms :) 
off today .. just enjoyed some sun and a good book 
yay i work today ! crossing my fingers for a busy night :) 
cant sleep .. yet again .. 
< PROPFIRST > Bana is hilarious in Funny People 
im strally starting to like zac effron .. not cause hes cute .. hes a pretty good actor .. i wanna see his new movie ... oh i wanna see inception !! 
Damn !! maroon 5 is gonna be at the savemart center in october and i cant go .. i wanna see them soooo bad :( 
wow i have literally watched 17 Again 5 times today .. damn you HBO ! haha 
\bow chika bow wow\ " thats what my baby says \ " mow mow mow\ " and my heart starts pumpin \ " gichy gichy goo\ " \ 
is on my way to kerman to see some of the family :) 
had a good time with the family .. hope to see them all again soon .. now time to kick back and relax .. BBQ ! :) i love you scott .. cant wait to be in your arms again .. muah !! 
TrueBlood ... ERIC !!!!! 
yay we are finally going to be getting the info on the housing in washington .. now all we have to do is pick a place :) thats about 1000 lbs of stress lifted off our shoulders lol 
we have our house on reserve .. move in date august 16th !! happy bday < PROPFEMALE > hahahaha 
had an awesome time cathcing up with old friends .. i was supergirl for 2 people today :) 
having an awesome day so far .. went to the dmv to get my name changed on my license and it was so slow i was in and out in less then 10 minuets .. that in itself is a good day lol 
its so weird how a young < PROPFIRST > Redford looks dead on < PROPMALE > Pitt .. full of sexiness :) 
why cant a heterosexual guy tell a heterosexual guy that he thinks his booty is fly 
Visiting with my poppa afterall .. mission for the day Find and Buy Mudflaps !! 
Im excited for friday !!! 
\NO ! you cant make me look ill just close my eyes \"- Dib\ 
oh mud flaps why must you be a pain in the ass 
just watched the Stoning of < PROPFEMALE > M . it makes me sick to my stomach that woman are still treated that way in some countries 
10 more days and i get to stare into those blue eyes again .. gonna be heaven :) 
is having a movie/lunch date with caralissa .. weehoo ! 
INCEPTION WAS AMAZING .. VERY VISUALLY DYNAMIC :D 
The birds are chirpin tweddleydeet ! the sun is shining bright :) lol 
The bachelorette party was amazing ! thank you sooooo much < PROPFEMALE > :) < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > you girls are amazing .. thank you for taking care of me lol im so lucky to have friends like you ladies ! 
so today was my last day at work .. im pretty sad about it .. didnt think it would be for another 2 weeks but what can you do .. i love all my < PROPFEMALE > co workers .. you guys are the best ! i would like to get together with you all before i leave .. i was thinking hookah bar on thursday .. if your down to go let me know ! 
5 More dayS and im off to fresno to pick him up !! yay :) 
why is today going by so damn slow ?!! 
oh time .. why must you torture me so 
Needs to find something to do thatll make the time fly .. maybe ill go for a long walk or something .. 
Mmmm pineapple .. how i love you so :) 
3 more days till hes home .. weehoo !! 
Losing Isaiah .. a very good movie .. i definatly reccomend it 
2 more days ! 
is pretty hyper right now .. cant wait to see my hubby .. oh how ive missed him so lol :) 
had the funniest but cutest dream .. that i sat my 7 month old nephew on a counter .. and all off a sudden he started dancing to fat guy in little coat hahaha ! 
washed the truck and the jeep .. started laundry .. and took and unexpected nap lol i needed that :) 
To all the family dont forget < PROPFEMALE > is throwing < PROPFIRST > and I a \farewell\ " potluck next Saturday at noon .... and to all our friends we will be having a dinner next Sunday at the Cheesecake Factory in Fresno at 6pm .. we would love to see you all before the move :) " 
he called !!!! my night just got so much better :) 
Todays the day !! my hubby is comming home :) 
If i was a fart id be the kind That creep out of no where and slap you in the face ... i like to make an entrance :D 
Spending the day with my amazing husband .. im so happy hes back home :) 
Nothing like waking up next to the one you love .. drinking coffee and watching Invader Zim .. goodmorning world :) 
Is so happy the jeep was a cheap fix .. thats alot of stress taken away . Hes back at work , now to be productive .. time to clean :) 
For everyone who didnt see the post i put before ... theres gonna be a potluck at kearney park on saturday starting at 1 for family .. friends are also welcome ! and on sunday we are having dinner at the cheesecake factory in fresno hopefully around 6 i will let everyone know the time for sure asap for friends .. family is also welcome :) 
< PROPFIRST > just added a hitch to my truck .. its just so pretty :) 
just finished watching 2 movies i had never seen before .. Interview with a Vampire and Shawshank Redemption .. AMAZING !! 
to all our friends and family the dinner at Cheesecake Factory will be Sunday at 830 .. i need a head count of whos going so i can make a reservation .. so please let me know by saturday the latest ... hope to see everyone there :) 
The Other Guys came out today .. gonna go watch it :) weehoo ! 
is taking the hubby some starbucks at work :) 
im a peacock ! .... you gotta let me fly !!! 
had an amazing time with my family .. it got emotional at the end for me but it was all good times .. i love you and will miss you all :) 
Had a great night last night .. other then being pretty darn expensive the cheesecake factory was delicious :) 
5 more days and we are off to Washington .. very excited :) 
theres been a change of plans .. the movers are comming thursday morning so we are leaving friday morning at the buttcrack of 7 am .. smells like roses :) 
is packing everything up ... we have alot of crap lol just a couple of pack rats heh 
is gonna go have lunch with my poppa before he goes to work .. last time ill see him for a year :( 
is getting dinner started .. well the old ball and chain is anyway .. yup thats how i roll haha jk jk 
had a blast chillin with Caralissa and < PROPFIRST > tonight .. im gonna miss you girls .. i love you so much i can shart ! 
waiting for the movers 
last night in california .. its bittersweet :) 
we are on the road ! 
is finally in Oregon .. we made good time :) 
its so weird not being able to pump our own gas .. i feel like a douche lol 
Washington is BEAUTIFUL ! 
EVERYONE .. LAST DAY OPEN AT < PROPFEMALE > GO AND SUPPORT OUR GIRLS !! EVERY LITTLE BIT HELPS ... 
another difference i like about washington .. the people are all so happy and nice hahaha .. i guess the fact they dont breathe in toxins on a daily basis has alot to do with it lol 
seattle is gorgeous :) 
went on my first ferry boat .. the view is amazing and so is the weather :) 
< PROPFIRST > coture killed < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! dont make me laugh HA HA ! LOL 
we have our house :) 
we just finished shopping for groceries and cleaning supplies ... i need to hurry and get a job :( 
is still unpacking everything .. bleh lol 
its overcast outside and i wanna stay in bed :) 
Cuddling in bed with a cup of coffee ... so comfy cozy :) 
in bellingham .. they have a big ass mall lol 
ok so the people in bellingham either have a HUGE staring problem or theyve just never seen a girl with a big butt before ... it twas a wee bit uncomfortable lol 
two thing i already dislike about washington lol .... the roads are confusing and nothing but tailgaters .. grrrr !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > rented the toy story 3 game thinking id play it with him and was he RIGHT thee game rules my world 
has an interview at 3 at a nice chinese restaraunt .. for hostess .. wish me luck ! 
interview went real quick .. but good .. should find out later tonigt if i got it .. heres hopin lol ... oh by the way .. can someone recap the last 2 episodes of tru blood fo me .. we dont have cable :( 
a whole wheat english muffin with peanut butter and a mandarin orange .. i think thats a good healthy breakfast :) 
just finished putting in more applications .. im so lucky to have apatient and understandin hubby :) 
watched the Runaways .. i enjoyed it :) 
our fist day of rain .. its beautiful :) 
absolutly hates doing online applications .. what ever happenedto just goin in a filling on out ??? this is lame :( 
I have 2 interviews this week .. tomorrow at Hallmark and thursday at the NEX on base .. fingers crossed ! 
has my interview at hallmark today .. went great i pretty much got the job but i still have my interview at the NEX on thursday so she said to call her after the interview to let her know what i decided and that she wont hire anyone else until she hears from me :) 
is dog sitting for the weekend .. yay !! interview at 130 tomorrow .. please god bless me with a good job :) 
has another interview tomorrow .. heres hopin 
has claimed my next victim lol ... watching season 3 of Greys Anatomy with Scott .. ive created yet another monster 
todays the last day to be lazy .. we both start work tomorrow .. im excited :) 
Busy day today .. and we're both running off maybe 3 hours of sleep heh .. gotta get back into the habit of sleeping early 
christ didnt come to earth to give us the willies ! he came to help us out .. i love my < PROPMALE > christ :) 
Common is such a cutie on the movie Just Wright ... i loved it :) 
\you have nothing to worry about .. your a pure soul :) ..... but you didnt say god bless you when i sneezed !!! \ " -Loki ( < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ) " 
Work is awesome .. i like the group i work with and my schedule is looking great :) 
im really loving work .. weehoo im happy .. oh ps its scotts bday tomorrow !!!!! big 25 :) 
happy birthday to my amazing husband .. sorry i have to work but we will do something soon ... i love you :) 
day off today ... its POURING !!!! love the sound of rain and the smell of wet dirt lol 
i feel like fecalmatter .. oh pooey :( 
we watched the movie The Experiment with < PROPFIRST > brody .. it was pretty awesome !! 
this time of the year i actually am home sick ... oh fresno fair cinamin rolls why must you haunt me .. oh why .. so to all my friends and family eat one .. oh please eat a warm one with nuts hahahahahahaha ... i love you :P 
Laundry is done .. i wish we had a washer and dryer .. the ones here suck infected butthole ... plus there hardly and ventlation and < PROPFIRST > kept farting lol 
Work from 3-8 tonight amd its actually < PROPFEMALE > out .. weehoo !! 
I love kung fuuuuuuuuuu !!! 
Yesterday is history .. tomorrow is a mystery .. and today is a gift ... thats why its called present :) 
is so annoyed with people who dont know how to speak ... dis , dat , and dere is not a word .. and its worse when your an adult and talk that way ... its not cute lol 
Watched Enchanted and Made of Honor ... Me , < PROPFIRST > and Mc Dreamy sounds like its time for a sexy party !!! lol 
im really enjoying work .. im still a little intimidated by evrythin but over all its new and fun .. i love the challenges i get everyday :) 
oh bills .. why must you continue to make us poor .. please stop !! 
Needs one hell of a massage .. for free !! lol 
yay i work today afterall :) weehoo !! 
So happy im working 16 days this month rather then 10 .. still wish it was more though ... and im super excited to meet my new brother next week .. hope you can make it :) 
Pahcern ... pahcern ... PAHCERN !!! 
has an interview at bed bath and beyond tomorrow .. hopefully i can do 2 jobs .. we can sure use the money .. 
Beauty and the Beast came out today and i cant afford it .... WHY !!!!!!!! lol 
wanna go to the fresno fair !!! 
shut the fuck up gobot !! 
watching beauty and the beast .. yup i got it .. weehooo !!!!! 
haha got a call to see if i was still intersted in working at the home depot on story road in san jo ... theyre only 2 years late lol 
On our way to seattle to pick up < PROPFIRST > from the airport .. excited to meet my other brother !! 
yay we have the internet and cable again .. now i can finally upload my pics .. caralissa , < PROPFIRST > and ally ill put up the six flags ones lol FINALLY !!! 
i wanted to go with < PROPFIRST > to take < PROPFIRST > back to the airport but i gotta work :( 
is pretty dern excited for the new SAW to come out .. im as happy as a little giiirl 
i wish i was a baller .. a shot caller .. cause you know pimpimg isnt easy .. i just have to make that cheddar cheese .. not the swiss kind .. but the cheddar .. thats how hardcore i roll the streets .. no holes in my game ! 
had an award ceremony at work today and i got a letter of appreciation for helping other depatments with surveys we had to ask customers to do .. also got a 10 dollar gift card .. pretty schweet ! 
so i entered this drawing a while back to get a free make over and free < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > make up .. well i won it !! the only problem is it was in california and it was a day at the spa kinda thing .. the lady said she will send me some samples and a catalog and i can pick things from there .. and if i can get 3 girls to go online and do a free virtual makeover thing i get a 75 dollar gift certificate ! whos willing to do it ? 
Scotts taking his advancement test this morning .. cross your fingers for him .. HE DESERVES IT ALREADY !!! love you hun :) 
Just finished watching Life as a House .. very good movie 
last night rainied pretty hard .. i love how its midnight but the sky is still bright out .. its really beautiful 
has anyone seen paranormal activity 2 yet ? is it even out ? lol 
installed skype but know i cant get it to connect .. im just not hip on modern technology 
ive been wanting to go to uncle < PROPFIRST > and aunt celias house and get caught up in talking and loosing track of time and having dinner with them .. i love you tio and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
snookie want smoosh smoosh haha 
I LOVE YOU ALLY !!!! 
Never found a four leaf clover to bring good luck to me .. no rabbits foot no lucky < PROPFEMALE > no magic wishing tree but i got lucky .. yes i got lucky .. when i found you\ 
\ 
Got no rainbow around my shoulder no horseshoe on my door but i got you to hold me tight and who could ask for more oh i got lucky .. yes i got lucky .. when i found you ! 
Baby Baluga in the deep blue sea .. swim so wild and you swin so free .. heaven above and the sea below .. just a little white whale on the go ! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE ! not dressing up this year .. whats everyone else going as ? 
I FOUND IT !!! the Even Stevens complete series box set .. weehoo !! hopefully my next pay check 
WHAT THE DUECE !! im very out of shape lol i went to the gym this morning and ran 5 laps in 20 < PROPFEMALE > !!! thats ridiculous .. oh well im back on that horse and baby steps .. baby steps lol 
oh the weather outside is weather :) 
hopefully Disney on Ice tomorrow !! 
DISNEY ON ICE !!!! weehoo :) 
so Disney on Ice was pretty much awesome ! i had a blast :) 
work from 2-6 today .. then i get my foot rub .. muahahahaha ! 
had a good workout .. worked on the glutes , quads , hammies and calves :) 
I jizz right in my pants everytime your next to me , and when we're holding hands its like having sex to me , you say im premature i just call it ecstasy , i wear a rubber at all times its a necessity .. i jizz in my pants i jizz in my pants .. 
town people-Your too awesome and attractive .. how can we ever repay you ?! \ 
ME- Theres no charge for awesomness OR attractivness ;) 
The COUNTDOWN begins ... 14 Days !! im so excited i think i shall sing .. deepa deepa deepee doedoe deepa deepee doe :D 
grrr i hate when im outside enjoying the fresh air and someone just has to light one up and blow smoke im my direction ... grrrrrr !!!!! 
so roller derby is comming to < PROPMALE > dec 2 .. and i want to go .. who wants to come to washington and see it with me scotts not gonna be here :( 
working 12-4 today .. then a movie date with my hubby after .. weehoo !!! 
im missin all my girls :( < PROPFIRST > , Ally , Caralissa , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > I love you girls and i miss you guys sooooo much !!! 
Mega Mind is AWESOME !!!! 
so we are outside the theatre and this is the view : big white lady with massive muffin top ! \ 
< PROPFIRST > \its like an angel food cake overflowing\ " lmao i love my husband " 
What smells like blue ? 
great workout .. that eliptical almost kicked my butt .. but i pushed through .. feelin good :) 
8 more days till the big 23 !!! very excite :) 
Happy Birthday Teej !! hope you have a great day filled with cake and sex .. and maybe even both at the same time .. sinner ! lol love you < PROPMALE > :) 
making egg sammiches fand coffee or < PROPFIRST > before he goes to work .. ahh the life of a wife .. I LOVE IT !! 
guy1 : what are buttcheeks ? \ 
guy 2 : its the bubbles on your ass dude ! \ 
guy1 : oh thank you , english isnt my home language . \ 
LMFAO !!!!!! that just made my day lol 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !! 
weather man said id be feeling snow drops on my forehead .. instead i have sweat drops .. its hot ! that < PROPFIRST > denvers full of shit man .. 
got a flippin sweet birthday card in the mail today .. made my day so much better .. love you < PROPFIRST > !! 
time to relax and watch Scrooged .. my favorite < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > movie ! 
todays agenda : Coffee , Pay Layaway , Get Thanksgiving food , Blockbuster , Home and PJs :) 
my bday is in 3 days .. and the hubby leaves in 7 ... i hope i get more hours to pas the time lol 
was gonna go to the gym today but it was packed :( and im not about to run in 20 degree weather lol 
Happy birthday to my cousin Joey .. hope you have a good one ! and to my Father in Law .. thank you for welcoming me into your family with open arms ... I Love you Both !! 
grr 330 come faster i wanna have a snow fight with my hubby !! 
all this snow is making me excited for christmas .. IM DREAMING OF A WHITE CHRISTMAS !!!! lol 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for military starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and Christian for the AMAZING birthday present !!!!... i couldnt wait till wed to open it i got too excited lol but it was actually something i was wanting to get .. i loooove it ! and also thank you soooo much for the necklace .. its beautiful !! love you both :) 
tomorrow is my birthday .. and im so excited .. muahahaha 
just a quick reminder : MY BIRTHDAY IS TOMORROW !! whoever forgets gets a kick to the < PROPFEMALE > and a chop to the throat ... i play for keeps !!! lol just kidding .. but seriously ... not really lol but i will ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! Oh my gosh thank you for remembering your too kind :) 
who has seen the last saw movie ? 
so i just got a package in the mail from < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and sweet jeebus its AMAZING !! she got me a drawn picture of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > dean .. again .. AMAZING !! 
yay < PROPFIRST > is finally home ! almost done making cupcakes , hes gonna start his brownies , and dinner .. weehoo ! 
I would like to thank everyone for the phone calls , the texts and the fb comments wishing me a happy birthday .. to all my family and friends .. I Love You All :) 
happy birthday to my cousin Jr ! and happy Thanksgiving to all my friends and family , i love you all and miss you very much , I am very thankful to have you all in my life , i have the greatest friends and family who still keep contact with me even though im thousands of < PROPMALE > away , and im also thankful to have an amazing partner in crime , hes more then i could ever ask for i love you < PROPFIRST > \to infinity and beyond!' lol " 
oh and ITS SNOWING !!! again lol 
Happy 1st Thanksgiving to my adorable nephew !! wish i could be there to celebrate it with you .. miss you and love you my little sucka punk :) 
thanksgiving was pretty fun .. went to scotts bosses house and got to meet alot of people from his shop , had a great time just bs'n with everyone watching the saints take away all the joy from the cowboys lol had great food and desserts .. the empanadas were AMAZING !!! 
the rain looks so pretty .. it looks like a curtain lol weird i know 
just watched the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie .. not too shabby .. now time to get some sleep waking up early to take < PROPFIRST > to the base airport .. thank goodness its only 2 weeks 
so this is officially the first time ive ever been alone , no friends or family near by .. i feel like < PROPFIRST > black on the POD when he curls up on the bench and cries \IM JUST A BABY ! \ " haha " 
wants to see the movie 127 Hours sooo bad .. but its only playing in selected theatres :( 
catching up on some Dexter .. still on season 3 
working 9-2 today .. then grocery shopping after .. the days are definatly dragging .. LAME ! 
Change your facebook profile to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your\ 
friends to do the same , until Monday Dec6th . There should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories for the fight against Violence to Children !!! 
Eclipse comes out tomorrow and i shall have it ... ha ha ha ha ha HA !! i also just saw Vampires Suck it was pretty funny .. i quite enjoyed it 
So < PROPFIRST > was entered in his first kart race .. and hes sooo excited .. im so happy he is having a good time with his parents ( they are AMAZING ! ) so everyone wish him luck and pray he stays safe :) Im proud of my crazy daredevil ! lol 
watching Eat Pray Love .. its a real good movie .. i wanna read the book now 
just finished watching Grown Ups .. pretty funny :) now time for old xmas cartoons !!! 
so my incredibly awesome adorable nephew is turning 1 tomorrow and im so happy but also pretty sad ... im so scared hes not going to remember me , i wish i could be there for the big number 1 but hopefully he knows his < PROPFEMALE > land uncle love him and misses him so much ... and if < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ever need a break you can always ship them over here :D lol 
Happy Birthday Aidyn !! Your < PROPFEMALE > loves you and misses you :) 
wow the weather here is crazy ... last night it was pitch black and freezing cold .. then around 2ish it started rainging really hard and that lasted till about 7 or 8 .. now the sun is out and its hot ! lol 
I havent lost my temper in 40 yrs , but pilgrim you caused alot of trouble today , might have got somebody killed and somebody oughta belt you in the mouth .. but i wont .. i wont .. the hell i wont ! POW , PUNCH , KEEYAH !!!! -G.W McClintock ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) 
my < PROPFIRST > is comming home tomorrow !!! very excite :] 
so we got the kinect today and dance central is officially my new favorite game ! 
yay we get our washer on saturday ! and hopefully a dryer next month lol .. baby steps :) 
about to watch Tron .. chika chika yeah !! 
xmas shopping for eachother ... yay xmas is in 5 DAYS !!!!! 
finally used our washer .. its amazing !! but had to make a clothes line to dry them lol 
i love you my friends and my family and miss you all dearly 
Good Morning .. Merry Christmas to ALL !!! and in case i dont see you .. Good Afternoon ... Good Evening and Good Night !!! 
its snowing :) 
bills bills go away .. please please just stay away .. i kill you !! 
< PROPFIRST > and i watched 2 pretty awesome movies last night .. the Town and Devil ... both very good ! 
so now a group of people are saying the end of the world is may 21st , why are people counting the days till they die ? only god knows when our last days will be .. so people should stop counting the days till they die and start making memories and enjoying the time god has given them treat every day as a blessing cause thats what it is .. god has blessed me so much and im loving the time hes given me :) 
so i got an awesom suprise at work today .. brittney was in town and came to visit .. it was amazing .. almost cried haha it was so good to see her ! 
so im watching basketball wives .. these woman are so stupid ... suzie and < PROPFEMALE > are the only ones that dont irritate me lol 
so yesterday at work i had a customer and she was from fresno and been up here for a year .. its funny cause both of us were excited to get out of resno but once we got here instantly home sick haha .. i seriously love it when i meet people from back home .. its kinda comforting lol but im happy to be here with my amazing husband who keeps me goin strong :) 
so i finally caved in and watched an episode of 16 and pregnant .. it was so sad this girl let her aunt and uncle adopt her little girl but then changed her mind .. i couldnt do it .. i didnt see the end .. i hope she gave the baby back to her aunt 
< PROPFIRST > is such a nerd lol he was sitting on the couch just staring at me so i asked what he was looking at he said \ what ? i just caint be like what mutha fucka .. whatev i do what i want ! \ " lmao my husband is a dork .. i love it lol " 
ok so < PROPFIRST > is leaving for the month of march .. who wants to come visit me ?! lol for those who do and can just know i will still have to work so youd be here at the house for 5 hours lol good incentive huh hahaha 
its snowing :) thank goodness its not icy though .. roads are clear 
is crossing my fingers and toes and hoping my ally < PROPFEMALE > is able to come a visit me in march .. i miss her like the dickens !!!! 
on season 3 of Psych .. its a pretty hilrious show .. i quite enjoy it :) 
ooooh what a loon i am ... oooooh what a loon i am 
WE GOT A DOG !!!! aww our family is growing .. hes a chow lab mix his name is Max .. gorgeous !! ill try and post pics soon 
took < PROPMALE > out for a walk .. hes so cute .. and a huge bed hog ! haha 
going to the pet store before work to get < PROPMALE > a brush and a new leash and colar .. took him a bath last night .. that was a fun experiance :) 
took < PROPMALE > for a long walk over at deception pass .. very fun .. and cold 
we finally got a dryer !! now our clothes wont be crunchy after hng drying haha i feel so distinguished now that i own a washer and dryer .. please pass the tea and strumpus ! aha aha 
i miss my < PROPFEMALE > crew .. always good times with you amazing people ... we had to have been the awesomest bunch in the world .. from fishy fajitas .. fart tasting jello shots ... dancing to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > always lending a helping hand haha .. i love you all !!!! 
made my hubby his lunch and coffee for work .. now just waiting for the sun or at least some light to pop out so i can take < PROPMALE > to the dog park for a bit .. till then .. i love kung fuuuuuuuu !!!! 
does anyone know what season psych is on .. we just finished season 4 and the last episode was awesome !!! ally sheedy plays crazy pretty darn well lol 
so we took < PROPMALE > to the dog park again and he was playing with another dog , we could tell he was trying to get some alone time cause he had to pee but the other dog kept following him .. so he just went for it and while he was peeing the other dog just walked right into the stream .. i think < PROPMALE > was channeling R < PROPFIRST > haha 
cant wait to file my taxes .. just waiting for one more w2 form and im hoping to get mas dinero !!! 
< PROPMALE > chewed up the carpet in one of the rooms ... no bueno :( 
took < PROPMALE > to the dog park and for a walk .. hopefully that pooped him out and he wont chew anything else up lol 
new discovery about myself .... i really like < PROPMALE > Mars :) 
i think it would be cool if they made that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > dancing game with the wii for the kinect .. that would be awesome ! i think so anyway 
i got my awesome beanie and scarf today .. its amazing ! everyone should check out Yarnisms .. great prices for AMAZING work :) 
your balls are showing .. Bumblebee Tuna !! 
so we took < PROPMALE > to the dog park this morning and for the first time since we got go him he barked ! it was like hearing my child say his first words lol 
yay we finally have a little mony to go eat out .. chinese food here we come :) 
< PROPFEMALE > guerrero where are you ?! lol 
i love you baby but all i can think about is kilbasa sausage your buttcheeks is warm :) 
i had my first actual eye exam today and had my eyes dialated and everything .. they gave me a perscription for glasses but really weak ones i just need them when i drive and at work they will help m focus better .. im very slightly far sighted .. other then that my eyes are HEALTHY !!! :) 
if i was a testicle in a sac id wanna be the left one .. its the furthest away from the taint .. DUCK BUTTER !!! 
no your not hardcore .. unless you live hardcore .. and the legend of the rent WAS WAY HARDCORE !!! 
so i was gonn put < PROPMALE > in his krate and he just snapped at me ... growled and wouldnt stop barking at me .. so i left him out .. hopefully our house is still in one peice ... that was crazy ! 
finally we both have a day off together .. gonna take < PROPMALE > for a good long walk then its back home and into our pjs :) 
not really a fan of either team .. but go PACKERS !! other then that im excited for the commercials :D good luck today James .. bring home the ring ! 
glad you got the win greenbay !!! you guys played good ... game was awesome .. halftime show was good .. but i have to say .. Fergie i love you but you are terrible live lol 
im at the movie theatres and the guy in front of me starts talking on his phone .. as im about to start choking him i look down at my what would jesus do bracelet :) so i lit him on fire and sent him to hell 
butt sex is like spinach ... the more its forced on you as a child the less youll like it as an adult 
took < PROPFIRST > to work this morning and poor < PROPMALE > had to poop so he did in the back seat .. it was rancid !! < PROPFIRST > and i both almost threw up hahaha 
so happy < PROPFEMALE > Imfurst is out of the competition .. she was annoying !! im curious to see who knows what im talking about lol 
i got my Yarnisms today !!! they are so pretty .. i love the way she mixes the colors together .. check out the Yarnisms < PROPFEMALE > on my \LIKE\ " list :) " 
AH DEW !! 
< PROPFEMALE > pohler:\we're raising money for global warnings\ " \ 
its so fluffy i could die !!!! 
Caralissa i love you !!!!! got your package today .. i claimed the t shirt already lol and also i have discovered im in the water wing category lmao !!! thank you my love .. miss you bunches 
i want tadeos !! damn u washington for not having one lol 
looks like im calling the IRS tomorrow .. ugh this is pissing me off 
happy love day to everyone .. even though i now have someone to share this day with i still think its a waste of a holiday .. there shouldnt be one day a year you show someone you love them .. it should be EVERY DAY !! ALL YEAR !! TO LOVE PEOPLE !!!!!! to love ... cheers ! :) i love you < PROPFIRST > ;) 
i sent < PROPFIRST > yellow roses to his shop today then bought him game after work .. who says guys cant be treated like princes on valentines day :) 
alright lets try this IRS thing again .. hope its not the automated crap again .. LAME !!! 
ok so to my < PROPFEMALE > peoples .. i called the IRS and they will be sending a letter to the company in manhatton beach letting them know they need to send them out .. they will have 10 days after getting the letter to respond by either sending them out or talking to the irs .. she said if u havent recieved it to call asap ! 
oh Panic At The Disco how is love you so .. new song Ballad of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is AWESOME ... you never dissapoint ! 
i miss my dad :( 
so we just watched Paranormal Activity 2 ... thw first one was scarier .. i pretty much pedicted this one and wasnt scared .. THANK YOU GOD !! lol 
mmm sleepy time tea is the new nyquil .. it knocks me the f* #k out !! lol 
why do people like < PROPFEMALE > ? serious question .. her songs are annoying .. she cant sing and she looks like a crack whore .. what is this world comming to ! lol 
finally watched Milk .. what an amazing movie , amazing story , amazing man ! thank you < PROPFEMALE > :) 
so im watching a documentary on < PROPFIRST > Hart .. and i thougt about the night i almost choked out < PROPFIRST > ( i think he let me lol ) but id like to thank you < PROPFEMALE > , my brother , for ALL those times u trated me lik u little brother an alwas did those wrestling moves on me .. you made me tougher and how to fake cry so dad would yell at you .. I LOVE YOU BROTHER ! 
home eatin dinner with my scottie .. i love him :) 
there will be an < PROPFEMALE > festival the 13-14 at the seattle center .. i want to go soooo bad .. anyone interested ???? 
dinner with the girls tonight was a blast !! i havent laughed that hard in a long time :) 
well it was < PROPFEMALE > lol 
mmm pizza before work .. yummy !! 
i must admit im starting to crush on Zac Efron .. not high school musical zac but < PROPFIRST > St Cloud Zac ... he has beautiful eyes .. and can actually act .. mmhmm :) dont hate < PROPFIRST > ! haha 
woke up this morning to a winter wonderland ... SOOOO MUCH SNOW ! 
made it home safe .. its icy out there 
well hello there little anal dwelling butt monkey :) 
well today was really productive :) we took < PROPMALE > to the dog prk for 2 hours and laughed while he kept trying to hump another dog .. got groceries fo dinner tonight .. then we cleaned the crap out of the house .. scotts making his chilli for dinner tonight mmmm ... you all should be thankful you dont live here cause we gonna blow it up !!! haha 
DINNER = CHILLI\ 
ENTERTAINMENT = MEGAMIND\ 
CRYSTAL = HAPPY AS A LITTLE GIRRL ! 
day 4 of snow ... what the heck i thought it was only gonna last 2 days .. it is mucho frio outside .. everyone stay bundled up and be safe ! 
watched Due Date tonight .. it was hilarious ! 
Oscars tonight ... cant wait !!! 
son of a biscuit eater !!!! thatll teach me to wear white to the dog park ... my broncos sweater got mud on it :( 
LAME !!! its beautiful outside and i have to work .. ah well i had a good 3 day weekend full of snow :) 
we just saw 127 hours and oh my goodness it was amazing ... that man is a survivor ! it was horrible what he went through and to come out alive .. amazing .. i recommend it to everyone ! 
so listening to the radio comming home from dropping off scott .. they hd this question for ppl to call in to answer .. it was what does 15% of ppl keep in their wallet or purse for at least a year .. fist thing that popped in my head was a condom .. everyone was giving lame answers so i trid calling .. come to find out the answer was a FORTUNE COOKIE PAPER !! glad i didnt get through lol 
Saved by the Bell .... IN HD !!!! < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > never looked so delicious ... sigh :) 
LMAO !!! < PROPFIRST > Kardashian has a new single called Jam .. and its TERRIBLE !!! please dont pursue a singing career < PROPFIRST > lol 
is it weird that im not attracted to < PROPMALE > Leto when hes acting .. but when hes singing hes just so yummy ! lol muy delicioso :) 
i love < PROPFEMALE > hilsons music video for pretty girl rock .. its cute 
I steal from the < PROPMALE > and give to the needy ( he takes a little something ) but im not greedy ! I rescue pretty damsels man im good .. Break it Down ! 
had a dream we had a little girl ... she was so beautiful i didnt want to wake up .. 
i loathe tv evangelists ... this guy says that if you call and donate 1000 dollars to HIM God will bless you with seven times that much money within 90 days ... if you call and say you dont hve the full 1000 give what you can and your personal info and theyll get the rest by 30 days cause he knows God will bless him with the rest within that time ... what a douche hole ! 
i can be such a cotton headed ninny muggins at times .. wah wah wah lol 
made some teriyaki chicken with veggies and white rice ... it certainly was delicious :) 
now it is time for you to lip sink for your life ... and dont fuck it up !! rupauls drag race on tonight !!!! weehoo :) 
< PROPFEMALE > fucked up my W2 forms .... my ssn is completly fucked up .. they put 2 different ssn .. one on my state one on my federal ... they hve my last nme wrong on one ... its ridiculous .. i think this is the most pissed off ive been in a long time .. dumbasses ! 
my love leaves for 2 weeks tomorrow .. going to New Orleans .. hope he has a blast :) 
< PROPFEMALE > you totally Rock my Socks .. i LOVE my new set .. yarnisms.com check it out !! 
taking < PROPFIRST > to the base airport then straight to work for 4 hours .. today is gonna drag 
< PROPFIRST > made it to new orleans safe :) 
kinda got sucked into the teen mom show .. and all i hve to say is .. janelle is a dumbass .. chelsea needs to wake the hell up and i feel so bad for kaylin < PROPFIRST > is such an ass 
< PROPFIRST > 3:16 says i just whipped your ass !!! 
yay our computr is working again .. THANK YOU < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
aww maxx really misses scott ... kinda sad :( 
wow today was definatly productive ... i cleaned the garage for scott ... it looks AMAZING !! why am i so amazing ?! 
Stone Cold < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is the best in the world .. and none of you jambronies better say otherwise or ill have to raise some hell and open up a can of whoop ass !! lol 
excited for tomorrow .. going to the < PROPFEMALE > festival in seattle !!! woot woot .. a little worried about leaving < PROPMALE > alone though .. hope he does ok .. 
RuPauls Drag Race !!! woohoo my show is on :) 
i feel like a piddle of poodoo :( ( only < PROPFEMALE > will get this lol ) 
still feeling like poop .. i hope the day goes by fast .. 
HAPPY ST PATTYS DAY !!!! 
yup im sick 
today is a big day for one of my best friends .. she will be walking down the isle and saying i do to the perfect man for her ... im so sad i cant be there but i know its going to be an amazing day for you both and i wish you all the happiness in th world .. cherish this day and each other .. cheers to the future Mr & Mrs Harker ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Hooch ... Hooch :) 
missin my hunk of sexy man meat 
i hvent been able to eat much the past week .. but now i want a pizza all to myself with a 6 pack of newcastle .. ahh if only 
a wise man once said .. \brothers dont shake hands .. brothers gotta hug\ " words to live by .. let it fill your soul sinners :P " 
omg the sun is out and theres very little wind ... it feels amazing snarf snarf ! 
so i was outside from 11-330 .. the sun just felt so amazing .. it was t shirt weather .. no need for the sweaters :) LOVE IT ! 
so im checking out prices for flights back to cali .. an yeah its gonna break us 
tomorrow my love comes home .. cant wait to hold him in my arms :) 
< PROPFIRST > is on his way home .. chika chika yeah ! 
went and had dinner at < PROPFEMALE > Garden .. it was delicious .. we had such a good time .. very happy hes home :) 
we finally did our taxes and pretty happy with what we're getting back .. now just waiting to go to work 
we saw the Fighter and the Tourist .. LOVED both :) 
i am very blessed to have such amazing people to call my brother and sister .. i love you both and thank you for all your help :) 
Watched Black Swan and Tangled .. Loved them !! 
so our laptop is done again :( LAME !!! 
Day 10 : A Song That Makes You Fall Asleep\ 
Really anything by < PROPMALE > Grobin .. not that its lame .. he just has a soothing voice lol 
YAY !!! they are making the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > experience game for kinect .. whooo hehe ! jamon ! 
Day 11-a song from your favorite band \ 
Any song from 5 Finger Death Punch .. my favorite band IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD !!!! 
we went to the gym today and now my legs feel like jello lol but on the flip side ... WRESTLMANIA !!!!! 
we have a full house .. dog sitting two other puppies for some friends :) 
oh stone cold how i love thee ... we've had at least a 15 year relationship hahaha 
i love you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :) 
went to the gym this morning .. FELT AMAZING !! hoping to get back to how i used to be 
went to the gym and now time to get ready for work ... we might buy couches today !!! YAY :) 
why is it that military people are the ones that are getting screwed out of their paycheck when theres all these corprate jackasses that keep on getting richer .. something doesnt seem right about that 
going to take the jeep on some trails today .. im pretty excited ! 
so im pretty happy < PROPFIRST > didnt make fun of me or think i was lame when i cried cause edge retired .. SHUT UP PEOPLE ! lol it was sad ... all my favorite wrestlers are leaving :( 
so i think i figured out my purpose in life .. i believe god put me on this earth to put smiles on everyones face .. whether it be because im hilarious or hilarious looking .. either way i think im doing him proud ... chika chika yeah ! 
< PROPFIRST > Franco is from Palo Alto .. i did not know that lol 
its so beautiful outside .. to bad i work all day .. money money money money .. MONEY !! 
spending easter in seattle at the science museum :) its fun watching < PROPFIRST > geek out haha 
YAY RAJA !!!!! 
if anyone can find where they would have the < PROPMALE > horror picture show in washington .. can you let me know .. ive been looking but i cant find anything ... oh how i want to do the time warp !!! lol 
taking < PROPMALE > to the dog park ... its so windy .. please come out sun !! 
so i just saw the little carnival thats going up by where we live .. IM EXCITED !! lol i want to get on every ride and ill push any kid that gets in my way ! hahaha jk but really i will 
such a beautiful day today .. i hope it lasts :) 
America .. FUCK YEAH ! so lick my butt and suck on my balls ... Ahrec Bahren :) 
Dr. ' s appointment tomorrow to get my throat looked at .. think my tonsils are swollen again .. LAMEZOID !!! i feel like fecalmatter :P 
ugh i feel like shiznit .. thank goodness i dont work today 
so dr said i have a bad ear and sinus infection .. so not too bad .. they had me wear a mask .. IM CONTAGIOUS !! muahahahahaha HA ! 
ugh i feel like crap .. hopefully work goes by fast so i can get back in bed .. i smell of sickness .. stinko de mayo ! lol 
