I was just browsing through my feeds and I've just come to the conclusion that I terrible at responding back to messages . Im gonna have to wrk on it ... lol . 

You know i was thinking that i miss out on so many things due to some pore choices ive made along the way but it is was it is and i guess ive gotta make the best of it . 
err >>> where the heck is this darn \how evil are you quiz \"" 
ok so i took the evil quiz and im only 8% which suprises me ... lol ... i thought id get a little higher but 8 is good . my swear word is apparently \wanker\ " lmao .... how funny is that becasue i could see myself usuing it . " 
Ok so I've been reading about what the CPSC has reported about the toxic metal in the paint on the Shrek glasses . From what I gather the recall is only a precautionary measure because the metal ( cadmium ) has been known to cause such affects . But what I want to know is in what amounts and how long before we would know if anything serious would come from exposure . How much do we know about this metal ? 
To everyone from work that i forgot to say bye to , thank you for the great times we've had and to the bad ones as well .... lol . it was loads of fun and it has been a pleasure .... hopefully ill see all of you from time to time . keep in touch . 
To\ 
everyone from work that i forgot to say bye to , thank you for the great\ 
times we've had and to the bad ones as well .... lol . it was loads of fun\ 
and it has been a pleasure .... hopefully ill see all of you from time to\ 
time . keep in touch . 
ok , so im up late and bored and thought id give a shout out to all my peeps at AMH and everyone else that i havent talked to in a while . Miss you guys and hope all is well . Things are going great ... lots of spanish to learn but for now its what we call \spanglish\ " ... lol . hit me up sometime . " 
I hate being sick ! Hopefully I'll feel better tmrw . 
I'm so tired but just don't want to sleep . 
You know with all this rain we could at leave have a thunderstorm or something ! 
i think something gets lost in translation when i send posts from my phone to here . a word always seems to get misspelled or left out entirely .... errr . 
So what exactly defines a friendship ? 
Dr. < PROPMALE>'s Test ( what do others see in you ? ) -- My Result : \The Loyal One\ " . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/465309/referrals/status?aid=1180987724 " 
B movies are so funny to watch , the acting is so bad ... lol . 
The Synchronicity Principle\ 
\ 
The Synchronicity Principle as Psychologist < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > described it was \ 
based on the belief that , \There are no accidents . \ " He felt that all \ 
Hate when my internet connection is spotty on rainy days . Goes off and on . 
Goodnight Facebook friends . 
Ok so bad things happen to good ppl , and good things happen to the undeserving , wtf , at some point somethings gotta give . Am i wrong in thinking so ? 
So all of a sudden i have the urge to carve some pumpkins ... lol ... whose with me ? 
Thank you to everyone for each birthday greeting !! 
I mean really , who's bright idea was it to create a computer virus ! 
Holy cow ! 1lb of hashbrown potatoes are A LOT . Add water to this < PROPFEMALE > box from Hungry < PROPFIRST > , wait , then cook . Wow . 
mmm !! sausage gravy and biscuits , well gravy and crescent rolls cuz i didnt have any buscuits , lol . what a great way to start the day ! 
so , i've come to conclusion that i think to much which brings me to ask where exactly do they find the info in order to write horoscopes . 
i need coffee !! < PROPFIRST > VALDEZ !!!!!!!! lol 
ok , i feel dumb ! why cant i figure out how to take pictures off of here and add new ones !! 
seriously ! someone help me out , i cant figure it out . sad really cuz i put them on there a while ago and now have completely forgotten how to do it again . 
so how do i remove photos from the \photos of me section \"?" 
Thank you to all that commented on my photos . It's a great pleasure that I can offer my creativity to the world . Just wish that I had more free time . 
why am i still up ... gotta wrk 6-2 tmrw . sleep ? 
Sleep is a good idea . goodnight facebook . 
Good morning !! Love early mornings and late nights . 
indie is just great ! goodnight fb . 
so apparently i need to grow up . all i have to say is that if ppl dont like me for who i am then they can just suck on a lemon and be sour because im gonna be me and thats that . 
I wonder why it is that songs remind you of certain ppl or events . Is it the words or something else ? 
Its kind of amazing that music has the ability to evoke all emotions while painting quite a picture in your imagination . LOVE IT . 
Going out for coffee and just talking is the shiznit . 
Ok so between the two of us here at IHOP I think that we've drank 2 pots of coffee just talkin . So does anyone think I have a < PROPMALE > at some sleep ? 
Lol ... can we say cut off !! 
Random ... so why do they call \miracle whip\ " or similar products salad dressing because we don't put it on salads . " 
Wtf ! is my dog just dumb or doesnt want to listen . He keeps doing things that he knows not to do . 
i think its sleepy time ... well for a lil while atleast . tired ..... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz . 
Something is def in the air today . 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !! Gobble gobble ... lol . 
