ready to call it a day and head to the house ! 

holy cow that was cold !!! 
its a real bummer when the propane tank runs out halfway thru gettin done grillin ... 
way to go cardinals ! 
why doesn't auto parts store sale a pair of master cylinder grommets , and instead make you buy a whole new master cylinder for atleast 8 times the price of 2 pieces of rubber ? makes no sense at all 
let's go redbirds ... take em to extra innings 
had a great game tonight , came back from 10 runs down . good job fellas . call em the come back kids haha 
seems like the day always goes just a little but better when you can catch a ball game on the radio while workin . lets go redbirds . 
haha watching the goonies brings back memories . gettin ready to go to a ball game . 
good day for baseball at lafortune park . hopefully I don't break nuttin ..... 
takin easy at home . watching field of dreams . \build it and they will come \"" 
I'm tryin to fill a baseball team for summer ball starting july 5th , if there's anyone with a 11 or 12 yr old that will be that age as of may 1st , 2011 let me know . we have to have the roster turned in today . thanks 
one more day then off to reno . gonna be nice havin a whole week off . 
is the day over yet ? shoulda taken another week off ... 
ugh ... hate goin to the dentist ! 
why can't people accomplish a simple maneuver such as backing out of their driveway . what is so hard about seeing a big white truck comin down the street ? 
up bright n early to hit the ' ol fishin hole . best way I can think of to start off the week . 
ohhhhhh its a hot one today .... good baseball weather . 
vegas or bust ! 
lookin forward to a weekend full of baseball . coaching my team in a < PROPFEMALE > tournament for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . and game with my men's league at lafortune . then all over again on sunday . hopefully squeezing in a little of a stl cards game in there somewheres . 
hey ...... 2nd place in the tournament , good job fellas . the ice cold bucket of water on my head was quiet refreshing haha 
hoping these rain clouds will hold together and drop some rain to cool things off ..... 
about time for some broncos football 
ready to play some baseball just wishing it were a little bit cooler 
man I hate fridays before a holiday weekend , always up to my eyeballs in orders . 
is ready to hook some bass . 
is it too early to call it a day yet ? 
why does the beer line at the cains have to be soooo long ? 
cold beer , OU football , an a greasy engine . not too bad for a saturday night but , could do without the greasy engine . 
LET'S GO BRONCOS ! get somethin done . 
think its a good evening for a run ... 
a good rainy day to be off work , too bad I didn't realize I was off till I had already gotten to work ... 
gettin ready for the tulsa run , wonder if can talk em into movin the start time to this afternoon ? Zzzzz ..... 
time for a nap yet ? 
Worth a giggle : \ 
Go 2 Google maps\ 
Go 2 Get Directions\ 
Type Japan as the start location\ 
Type < PROPFEMALE > as the end location\ 
Go 2 direction #43 \ 
Laugh an repost 
me , myself and I are busy right now arguing over who gets to run the show today ... check back in 10 minutes or so ... whoever wins will be around ! 
thank goodness I don't have to sit through another bronco loss this week .. 
Mondays make me sadder than a Fat Kid at a salad bar 
wonder if I can talk the mechanic into leaving out the ' 10 pin ' when it's my turn to bowl ? 
headed to the hospital to meet my new little nephew . hopefully he decides to be quick about it . 
so this guy asks me today . \excuse me is this the back of the line ? \ " i said \ " No man this is the front we are all standing backwards \"" 
Can i add the voices in my head as dependents on my taxes ? 
is as confused as a chameleon in a bag of skittles ! 
way to get banned from walmart #2 :\ 
Set all the alarm clocks in House wares to go off at 5-minute intervals . 
is as tired as a mood ring on a bi-polar person 
To all my friends who complained all summer long that it was too hot ... ARE YOU FREAKING HAPPY NOW ??? 
is suffering from a tryptophan overdose ... 
crossing my fingers o'reilys sold me the right u-joint this time ... tired of messin with that thing . 
c'mon! hold on to the ball ! geez 
they're comin to take me away ha ha they're comin to take me ho ho , he he ha ha to the funny farm where life is beautiful all the time ... 
breakfast at mcdonalds ends at 10:30 , better be sure you aren't stuck waiting to get through the line and miss making it to the counter by 5 minutes because evidently there are no exceptions . 
who's bright idea was it to get an do some last minute christmas shopping ??? 
well ... just signed up for the polar bear plunge . lets hope this balmy december weather will hold up till saturday afternoon . 
well crap .... guess I gotta go to work tomorrow beins I didn't win the mega millions . did get 3 outa 5 though . 
cold+snow+changing water pump = no bueno ! 
ugh ... nyquil hangover 
if someone is wanting tickets .... they better be nice .... 
wishes the weather guys would send in some warm < PROPFEMALE > weather so we can start having some baseball practices . 
so , I pull up to a house and find that they're stealing gas by bypassing the meter setting with a bicycle innertube . as i'm taking it apart they guy comes out and asks me if I can wait just a minute so he can light one more heater ... c'mon! really ? 
watching bowling on tv , man that was an expensive 10 pin ! 
hurry up daylight savings time ! need me light for baseball practice . 
super ! now they issue a blizzard warning ? guess will hook up the dog sled team for work tomorrow 
wish Mother Nature would quit foolin around with Father Time .. he is really tickin ' off Ole ' Man Winter 
The only good ICE is the ICE in a good mixed drink . Screw all the ICE outside unless it starts raining crown ... then we're in business ! 
ugh ... 5-10 more inches of snow tuesday and wednesday ? c'mon already ! 
