Wishing my friends and family a wonderful New Years , hope you are all doing well and are blessed tremendously ! =) 

Yes , I finally made a facbook ( < PROPMALE > did it actually ) 
Finally home from work . Yay . 
Added some of my favorite quotes today ... 
Watched movies and played Section 8 all weekend ... mission accomplished . bleh back to reality ... 
Hope everyone has a wonderful night bringing in the New Year ! Yay ! =D 
Christian Gray .... is my hero !! :D hurray !!! 
changed my profile pic , via request ... 
I added new pictures , pets and car . 
Lil kittens make my heart giggle :3 
My brother is a man hauss . 
My sister is an atomic hauss bomb . 
Yes well ... about that .... have you this > ;3 
Considering having the lower half ( Blue portions ) of my car done in urban colored ( gray ) digital camoflauge ... opinions ? Yes/no ? 
If you happen to play World War on your smart phone ... my code is YHKVWF you should ally with me . Ok end propaganda ... 
StarCraft 2 is epic , now just to get a new laptop to play it on ... Scotty I choose you ! Go ! lol ... no really go . 
Thank God for the one day off tomorrow , as the few hours left today dont count ... who came up with working 5 and 6 days in a row anyway ? I want them dead please , one box of cheese-its to the person who brings me their hide . Ready ... go . :) 
Restarted P90x tonight yah ! .... ugh I feel sick ... : x 
I bought myself an Asus G72 Laptop for my birthday . Yay ! It was expensive yes , but how often do you buy a computer right ? Not to mention as usual I bought a really high end one , so it should last a long time , now I can play StarCraft 2 in style ! ( I bought collectors edition too , Im a lil excited ... ) ok Im done bragging . Like this If you believe cool toys FTW . K thnx bai ;D 
I beat StarCraft 2 tonight , the world is a sad and hollow place ! Waiting 12 years to play a game and have it not end sure is annoying ... =( 
Ya sooo I turn old today , 26 to be exact , and I didnt take off from work no , so Ill be working in a few hours yay ! :( awwww ok thanks for lubs friends ! 
You should all be informed , that yesterday I watched ALL 3 Lord of the Rings movies in a row ... and then watched The Return of the < PROPMALE > again . Last week , I watched the original 3 < PROPFEMALE > Wars in a row ... and watched ROTJ twice ... yes ... Im a sucker for marathons . Point is , Ive now done what people always say they will , all 3 in a row . The end good morrow :) 
Added some pictures . Yay . Meh . 
10:10 on 10-10-10 did you realize that it will never happen again ? EVER . 
Really excited about Skyline , Tron and Call of Duty : Black Ops . I hate you October , end now please ! 
Ok , so many of you may have your walls covered in yes/no stuff , sorry I was bored ! lub ;3 
12 Days !!! So freaking excited !!! If you know me , then you know what Im talking about ;) Like this if your excited too !!! 
Saw RED tonight , really enjoyed it . I recommend . ;) 
Happy Thankful day . =) 
The Skulls and Crowns are beast . Everyone should just go ahead and bow down now ... 
Ok , waited for Tron to get reviews , looks like positive reaction . Cant wait to go tonight 3D FTW !! 
I fight for the user ! I will now proceed to buy a motorcycle dress in black , jump it off a < PROPMALE > , and para glide into the ocean ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas friends and family ! Hope you have an excellent one !!! :D YAY ! 
Christmas Snow ! Hope you all had a good one ! 
SNOW !!! Its sooo beautiful !!! ( Say with < PROPMALE > doctor accent ) 
Can anyone guess how EXCITED I am being at work ?! I'll give you a hint ... really fricken excited ... 
My crazy friends and our all night adventures . =_= sooo tired ... 
Posted family Christmas pics , no Im not in them , Im always the one taking them lol 
Posted birthday pics of Christians party and snow . 
I love my clan mates . :3 You guys are the bestest ! So much fun last night . ( aka 5 minutes ago ) 
So when I called my boss this morning to explain I wouldnt be driving on ice , he was kind enough to come pick me up ! Yay , 3 hours down and 6 to go . Extremelly busy too , like 1 or 2 people an hour ... 
Got 3 fillings today , yay for fixed teeth ! Need another root canal and 2 crowns though ... boo for jacked up teeth ! :D : C 
Play Station 3 fixed ! Took most of my day but glad to have it done , and did it all my own :3 
< PROPFEMALE > and Scotty : Way too much . Not one , not two , three times ! 
= ( Well ... I lost the game . Should have never looked it up . 
Thank you for finally showing up Friday . 
Went the whole day without my phone , did not like that ... and then didnt like even more how much I felt like I needed it ! Darn you technology and your trickster ways ! 
Passed my Car Inspection for tag renewel yesterday with a little preparation : Nearly empty gas tank , half a bottle of alcohol , unplug battery to wipe memory of ECU clean ( cars brain ) pray fervantly and hope I dont throw any codes on the way to the station . Passed the obd2 chck ( they check the computers now ) God and alcohol can get things done ! ( I removed my catalytic converter so to pass is quite the feat FYI ) 
played an april fools on myself , I was like i dont have to go to work today .... yes i do haha april fools ! silly person ... 
