how do i use this shit 

I am playing the what happend card lol . Cant rember shiet that happend things , happends and blah blah life goes on . 
alright kinda getting how to us this 
rrr 
dam how do i find you this shit giving me a headache , i fuckin love you < PROPFIRST > !!! Not , but dam u freaking cute . 
dam custard oil killing my stomch aww ..... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
What happend to the gurls at skool ??? where the fuck did they go , no fine gurl at skool 
last night was alright best party ever been to for a while . 
Cant wait until christmas party i am gonna go crazy n drunk 
treat everyone with respect some day that person may turn out to be ur boss . 
i hate when people say M.O.B for those who < PROPMALE > t know it means ( money over bitches ) first of all i know the same person saying MOB is the person not getting none or can t get some and second u aint no pimp that shit is disrespectfull to the females . So i say fuck MOB i love my female more than money . 
Had good time with the homeboyes at slick wealies prostitute was hitting on my freind < PROPFIRST > lol !!!! 
dam have not done no home work wow 
Texas vs Cowboys who is gonna win ??? So i could put the money down on it 
siping on that candian club whiskey it is finally friday yeay !!! 
dj pualy d got some nice beat damm dat boy could make the club rock . 
My cuz got ingage lastnight wat a dumb ass 
The fight was good glad to live another day . 
Damn skool iz a Drag too muh HW !!!! 
you ever feel bad for hurting a good freind that did not diserve it !!!! it hurts when you think about it .... I am srry if u see this message you did not deserve it . 
Dam !!!! hisd was right to declare dis day as a sleeep in day yeay !!!!! 
I am ready to party ???? where is the party at . =D !!! 
main i dont care wat everyone say but i got to rock motorola razor cause my phone fell in water haha ;) i am going old skool babe . 
Go Saints !!! The Saints gonna win da superbowl haha !!! ;D 
Gooo Saints !!! 
haha i can t fix the pic lol 
Clubing is fun especially when you get kicked out . :D !!! AND trying plaza 59 . 
G town was great yesterday !!!! i love Spring Break 
R . I . P < PROPMALE > Ericsson Experia iwill find the lil bitch that < PROPFIRST > you . Thats a promise !!! 
