i could go for a hummer right about now ... 

got me a job interview for friday ........ ABOUT TIME ! 
wish me luck on my other interview 
is going to start work today ..... 
blowin off my quarter stick tonight ........ sounds dynamite 
just chillin ' sippin ' on some beer relaxin ' ....... good to be off work tomarrow ! 
getting the key to the store tomarrow ....... im movin ' on up ! 
going to hook my amp up with my 12s ... bumpin ' 
cleaned my car today and just made a strawberry- banana smoothie ...... cant wait til tomarrow cuz i get paid !!!!!! 
going to see the fireworks tonight with my baby ...... it's a date ! 
has work today and i am not happy about it 
getting drunk off E & J(erk n jerk ) and chillin ' with my lady .... Cant get better than that ... oh it can ..... in about a week or so ! let me ask you this . What has four lips and bleeds for seven days ? You tell me ..! 
getting drunk and playing rock band ....... YEAH !!!!! The Drums 
my B-Day tomarrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Gonna be 21 Can't Wait 
Telephone Line-ELO ........ Awesome song 
Check out a few tricks Guazzo got up his sleeves .... 
Started my new badass job making real money ...... 
Got me a job that pays 15 an hour !!! 
Workin ' at work 
just chillin ' about to eat some pizza 
feeling great knowing i have an awesome job as a project manager . 
im soooo sad !!!!! Just found out my job was just temparay ....... So deprresd , IM DRUNK ! 
is up once again and lovin ' it .. I feel good ..... WAKE ' N ' BAKE !!! 
Did you hear of the new jewish tires that came out ? Not only do they stop on a dime .... They pick that shit up too !! LOL 
Ohhhh , back to school , back to school , to prove to mommy I am not a fool . I have my luch packed up , my shoes tied tight , I hope i don't get in a fight ! Ohhhh back to school .... back to school . 
Im going bananas !!!! 
Got this new job and tryin to make some money !!! 
Don't worry about what's inside my cup ..... this is MY cup so F.U. 
sittin ' here drinkin ' a few brewskies .... not a lot , but just chillin ' 
had the biggest slim < PROPMALE > in the world !! 
My neice calls me Uncle Squidward from Spongebob because of mood swings ! I think thats funny !! 
Yow ........... Yoooowww ! LoL ! 
is wishing he had another slim < PROPMALE > right now ..... 
Who has angel hair ?...... I do . lol 
Off to work ..... . . . . . . 
Just chillin -.- 
just got done painting , feeling pretty good about my work ! 
off to work 
Waiting on my phone ... yeah ! 
Looks like i woke up black ........ again ... ( sigh ) 
Just found out I have Facet Arthrosis in my back 
doin ' nothing ... 
Just got a black on red Gibson electric guitar ... Bad ass ! 
Avenged Sevenfold awesome ! 
Can play cold comfort blues ! 
Makin ' some burgers on the grill .... Im a great chef ! 
Has a Dr. appointment at 9 , gonna get my pain pills for my back , im excited 
Just dropped off < PROPFEMALE > at El Gallo cuz she started over-reacting and I said forget it , and EEERRRRGHHHH ... I took off !!!! Im gone .... 
has the best smelling arm pits in the world ! 
Why is no one awake on this fine tuesday morning ? 
Im so bored ! Wake up < PROPFEMALE > 
needs a fat blunt right about now 
I can totally go for a chimichanga ! 
just got pulled over for taunting a police officer and i still won , beat them out of 4 tickets ! YEAH !!! 
is feeling mighty fine 
wheres the party at ? Hyper as hell ... 
I'll make you smile for the simple fact im good at it , \ 
I'll make you smile just so I can look at it ...... 
sometimes when I think of you , \ 
I always wish that there were two , \ 
I could love you once , \ 
Love you twice , \ 
And still feel the same if you were mine ..... 
If I had a shotgun , you'd know what I'd , \ 
I'd point it straight up at the sky and shoot heaven on down for you .... 
Sometimes love is the key , \ 
it hurts and breaks but sets you free , \ 
you feel as if its all gone away , \ 
but somehow you'll feel it someday .... 
The < PROPFEMALE > and Mars shall be seen in the sky 12:30 A.M. as big as the < PROPFEMALE > .... next to the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I know it seems it will always work , \ 
but never does with a jerk , \ 
Look deeper than beyond to find , \ 
the < PROPFEMALE > treasure that will blow your mind ! 
Where the get togethers at ? YEAH !!!!! 
My back ... hurts ... ow 
Just relaxing on this gorgeous day drinking my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > half iced tea and half lemonade , its amazing how the small things in life are so delicious !!!! 
lying beside you , here in the dark , feeling your heartbeat on mine ...... Great song \Journey \"- Open Arms " 
Just hangin ' out by myself .... 
Where my party people ? 
Somebody help me , im really bored !! 
got some rage against the machine goin ' ... feelin ' tha rage but im tha machine ! 
Dont know whats goin on with me 
loves his profile picture and thinks you should too ! 
bored .... hit me up 
is pretty drunk ... Not yet ..... I dont know .... 
is drunk 
is feelin ' the vibe 
ok ... maybe a little ! @ 
my b-day is coming up and hope theres some party people that want to party ! 
Red Bull a cig . and some avenged sevenfold nightmare to start my day ! 
Im building my table fo my bedroom , its gonna be kickass ! Black granite with off white marble , what a awesome combo 
just changed a tire for an 84 year old man , he was stuck and that was my good deed of the day , and didnt charge him ! 
I drink alone ........ 
My back hurts , I think I slept wrong or too long , this really sucks 
Thanks for the birthday wishes guys .... Seriously did not expect to get so many happy birthdays in one day ! 
So I go to do this job right ..... and after I finish sanding , painting , and putting new hinges and handles on ...... I go to this guy's house and put the all of these cabinet doors just to find out that he forgot to give me 2 of the doors , looks like more money for me ! 
finally finished those cabinet doors , hurt my back a little but it's all good ! 
Always expect the worst and you will never be dissapointed ... 
Does not have any more < PROPFIRST > ............ Hit me up on here for them ..... Thanks 
There is not even a scratch on my car , its a miracle ! Lol 
Nightmare ! 
Makok is very talented !!! 
got a new phone with the same number ... 
RED BULL !!! 
absolutely loves RED BULL !!! 
My name's Petey , and I have gigantic balls !!! Lol 
Off to court , Wish me luck , I might need it . 
Need something to do , bored as hell ! 
couldn't sleep for crap last night . 
Going to minnesota today , gonna have some real fun 
I just ate the rarest food known to mankind ..... \ 
Dinosaur .. Lol 
My arms blacker than wesly snipes 
Ridin ' along in my automobile ! 
Coffee w/ french vanilla , Mmm . 
when i catch someone drinking a MGD i ask them how my < PROPMALE > tastes !! 
Its the most , wonderful time , to drink beer ! 
1$ Party Boy ! 
clik clak cok the gat bak gotta be strapped 
fuck boo , cheaper than a jew . never wanna spen locked up in the pen , rest of his life fucked by a gent . stayn in C Block locked by his G spot stuck in his ass actin like a Cock blok i use to be an EO switched my gears to MOB bro , Killed time in bullshitn spent the evenin jokin so , bout the fat bitches droppin oranges on < PROPFIRST > dog fukn bitches like this ryme bra i wont stop , cock this cock right in your moms G spot . 
i rip gloks from trouble niggas that steal shots think smart when gats \ 
heat hot . i spit from the heart rip you open wit lyrics til i hit that \ 
spot when your brain melts in differnt globs 
I'm gonna beat my meat like it owes me money ! 
yo ? 
I'm on a killing spree !... 
I notice that friends suck even if they suck more than your family .......... There is every some reason if im telling the truth or bullshittin ' 
Forget the people you love because the simple fact of your own will be tired of flesh being no one as such fate and your loss will be my one 
people think im playn ' but im not 
Looking for a job ! 
Off to school ..... 
started workout program , 100 pushups yea < PROPMALE > 
can't sleep ! Sucks 
I finally know how it feels to have a mental alarm clock that wakes you up at 4 in the morning , crazy stuff . Cant seem to get more than a 6 hour sleep . 
Just got done doing flips of the roof of my house !!! 
Drinkin ' a few beers with my bro ! 
Roses are red , violets are black , why is your chest as flat as your back ! 
Coffee and chicken , can't get better than that 
Changed the brakes on my car ! Rotors seem alright but when it gets warm all new brakes and rotors . Yeah < PROPMALE > 
friends are suspect ! kitt take pictcha , fallo ... 
Not tired at all . Glad i go to school monday , wensday , and friday . Wish i had someone to chat with right now or talk to . If anyone is up hit me up . 708 539 1146 . 
Life is tough and loves a must . Just be carefull on who you trust . Never know when your time is up . Do what you want and see whats real . Do what you want and how you feel . 
Man , had one crazy night ! Bro got wasted and fell asleep on the bathroom counter . Haha 
Join thy brotherhood and we shall see Rome tremble ! 
Gettin ' my groove on ! 
Stupid fortune cookie ! 
Avenged Sevenfold !! 
Coffee .... Coffee .... Coffee ! 
Avenged Sevenfold , great way to start the day off . Especially with this awesome ass coffee ! 
fuck bitches 
