About to travel to Roanoke for a couple of days . What fun ... court best practices conference . 

I hope everyone enjoys and cherishes the joy , chaos , and dysfunction of their families over the holidays . 
Happy birthday to my superhero , overachieving daughter ! I love you ! 
I need more neighbors in Farmville . My animals are overcrowded . Help ! 
Please pray for my family . My sister , < PROPFEMALE > Viar suffered a massive brain hemmorhage Tuesday night and never regained conciousness , She is on life support . She has a wonderful devoted husband and 3 children ages 6 , 8 and 9 . 
Look on \praying for < PROPFEMALE > viar\ " to view all the wonderful comments about my sister . we lost her yesterday and this has been one of the toughest times of our lives . it's really amazing how the community has come forth with love and support and we have been so grateful . " 
A friend has created a wonderful Facebook group called In Loving Memory of < PROPFEMALE > Viar . I have read some of the comments and all I can say is thank you . 
I hope everyone will enjoy the Easter weekend , and the beautiful weather ! 
You know you're tired when you can't get your front door to unlock because you're using your office key ... 
I need to expand my chicken house and need help from everyone please . 
My wonderful daughter sent a BEAUTIFUL itty bitty bonsai tree to me for Mother's Day . And it's a litle gardenia tree ( one of my favorites ) Now ... I hope I don't kill the itty bitty tree . 
I love the movie \Love Actually\ " for Christmas !!!! " 
Hey ! Do this to help the tots ! 
My exceptional daughter has a birthday today ! She spent the day off with her children ... that's all she wanted . She's ridiculously energetic and I'm so proud of her ! 
And I heard him exclaim as he drove out of sight . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all a goodnight ... 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . A woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Re-post if this made you smile . 
There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted , your approx credit score , home value , income , age . Remove yourself by searching your name , find the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , then go to the bottom right corner of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on the Privacy button to remove yourself . Copy & re-post so your friends are aware . 
THE GAME IS AFOOT ! 
“Absence is to love what wind is to fire ; it extinguishes the small , it kindles the great . 
SIBLING WAR ! Copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands for one hour without your brothers and/or sisters protesting , it is so !! 
Turn on the news people ! This is so tragic for for Japan ! 
