DC here we come . I hope they are ready for the 203D 

I am extremly sad that my father has passed away . I do know that at least he is no longer suffering but it is really hard . 
I want to thank everyone for all your support and prayers . It really helps to know I have so many people there for me and my family . 
Today will be one of the hardest days in my life . We will say our final goodbye to my daddy , I know I will get thru today , I am just not sure how . 
I made thru yesterday . I do not know how it has been so very hard , today I am in a fog I know that it will get easier I just have no idea when . I want to thank everyone for all their support . 
Wanting to let everyone know that I will be flying to Kuwait today . I will let you know when I make it there . Love you all 
Having some computer problems currently but I am working on them hopefully I will be able to get them fixed and be on-line more 
I have found out a few things about Kuwait or at least the little part of Kuwait I am currently staying . 1 . There is no such thing as cold water you don't even need to turn on the hot water to take a HOT shower . 2 . The sun does not rise or set it just appears and disappears with in 5 mintues and last but not least . 3 . the sand is not sand at all but a very fine powder colored tan . 
Who would ever guess that 82 could actually feel cool , I really believe I have been here just a little to long and I still have 9 months to go joy ! joy ! joy ! 
Some of us get to sleep in some of us work half days on Sunday 
Having sooooo much fun here at Third Army PAO 
SPC Swift is going to pay BIG time for the e-mail he sent , if I can sleep without nightmares tonight . 
I need some rest and time to decompress 
Sometimes people need to stop and listen then take what they are being told and really think about it . 
It's like groundhog day over and over and over and over .... 
YEA !!! Pittsburgh did it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happ Thanksgiving to all my family and friends . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Today all computers have decided to be < PROPMALE > problems for me and my endeavors to complete my mission with success . I still say they are all Decepticons working on taking over the world BEWARE !! 
Today is the International Day against cancer .... In memory of those who lost the battle against cancer and for all those who fought and won or continue to fight to win . 93% of you will not copy and paste this text ; I am proud to be part of the 7% who will . 
My baby turned 14 today it just doesn't seem real where did all the time go ? Also this is a warning to all he is old enough to have a drivers permit watch yourselves on the roads you never know where he might turn up . LOL 
Today is a GOOD day !!!! I just found out I am going to be a grandmother again !!! And my puppy Peanut was found in Pleasant Hill he is now home !!!!!!!!!! 
I have basically split my heel almost in half I am now being medevaced out for both my elbow and my foot . I am on my way to Germany in the next 48 hours from there I hope to be heading to the states soon . Not the best way to go home but there it is . 
As many of you know I have been on deployment in Kuwait these last 7-8 months . About a 2 month ago I started having problems with my elbow and the doctors decided to Medevac me home to have more test . While waiting for the volcano ash to dissipate , I injured the heel of my foot . 
Well I am on my way to Germany in about 6 hours . See you on the flip side 
Well I didn't make the cut . They picked up too many litter bound people in Iraq so I am stuck here until Wednesday Morning . Everyone pray that I get out of here then ! 
Tonight is the night I leave for Germany . Hopefully I will not be stuck there very long . The flight doctor took a look at my x-rays and told me that not only is my heel split but that there are pieces of bone in my heel as well . I really hope this goes well . 
20 mintues until I board the plane I am so excited , just hope I am not stuck in Germany too long . 
Well I made it to Germany , and today I have my first appointment they have to re-X-ray my heel , which they will make me straighten the foot fun fun fun , really it is more painful than having my kids , there is always something to look forwatd to in the army . But at least I finally made it this far . 
Got to love the Army . I showed up for my appointment 1 hour early and left the doctor’s office 4 hours after my scheduled appointment . Chances are they will admit me to the hospital tomorrow because we have to get the swelling down so when I am sent stateside they can do surgery . Looking on leaving Germany Monday or Tuesday . 
Good news . I am out of here tomorrow . Bad news they are sending me to Ft . < PROPMALE > , KS . It will be closer to home and my family will be able to come see me for my surgery which is good . But I really don’t like Ft . < PROPMALE > . Oh well as long as they fix me it’s all good . 
I am finally stateside I am at < PROPFIRST > Air Base in Illinois 
I am finally stateside at < PROPFIRST > Air Base in Illinois . I fly to < PROPMALE > tomorrow . 
On my way to Ft < PROPMALE > on a C-130 not the best ride by far . 
I arrived at Ft < PROPMALE > Wednesday afternoon , inprocessed Thursday afternoon , and got the weekend off . I really wanted to start doctor appointments but stateside they do not work weekends . Monday I hope to talk to all the doctors I need to so I can get surgery and move on to recovery . 
Well I am going on week two of my stay at lovely Fort < PROPMALE > . Still haven't gotten any appointments set up , but my case manager is working on it . Got to love the Army Hurry-Up and WAIT !! 
Good news finally ! After only 2 weeks of bull they have figured out that my foot is really messed up . And all it took was a trip to the Podiatrist for them to finally decide I need an Orthopedic Surgeon . Now things are finally moving , of course it is still going to be a long and painful process , NOT FUN ! But at least I am starting the process . 
Better news this morning . I visited the Orthopedic Surgeon , and I am having surgery Monday morning . I don’t have a lot of details for the recovery but I do know that I cannot put weight on the foot for at least 3 months and after that I can only but slight pressure on the toes . This is going to be a very long painful road . 
well I am at the hospital going through surgery prep . love you all . 
A stay of exacution 
Well the stay of execution is over . Tomorrow is the big day , the surgery will take about 2 hours and I have been promised a long painful recovery by my doctor , at least he is honest . 
I made it out of surgery today at 1230 . Everything went well . they had to rebreak the heel clean up what was healing then place 2 2in screws in it to hold in place . Lots of pain with this . 
I am now offically on convalesent leave for 30 days . I do have an appointment on the 7th of June . 
Just left the doctor's office , the foot looks GREAT but it is still slightly 
Went to the doctor today , the foot looks good !! They left the splint on for now the area around my incision is still slightly swollen , so I go back in 2 weeks to have the stitches removed and a full cast put on . 
Will the rain ever STOP ? 
OMG I CANT BELIEVE THIS MOM PHOTOGRAPHED HER BABY DOING THIS : http://tinyurl.com/sickening-baby-pic 
My foot is doing a lot better , now it is on < PROPMALE > to the elbow . So much fun ! 
I'm getting out of Fort < PROPMALE > YEAH !!!!!!! Sunday I fly to < PROPFIRST > then on to Molin , got to love the army and how they make flight arrangements . 
I made it to Molin Illinois . Now I only have 4 days and a wake-up then I go home !!! Yeah !!! 
LO I GOT HACKED BY MY SON BECUZ I ALWAYS LEAVE MY FACEBOOK OPEN 
Big thank you to all that wished me a happy birthday . However my Birthday is 10 Dec 1968 not 31 Aug 1905 . My son who thinks he is a genius hacked my Face Book yesterday I thought I changed everything back but I missed the B'Day . HE WILL PAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
GO SAINT GO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
GO SKINS GO !!!!!!!! Sorry < PROPFEMALE > I do love you sista , but 
Way to go Skins !!!!!! 
I went to the orthopedic doc today for a follow-up on my heel . Good news it is as healed as it’s ever going to be . Bad news I will never run again , and they have to go in and remove the screws , detach the Achilles tendon scrap the calcium bump off and re-attach the tendon . Plus an additional 2-3 months on crutches YEA !!!!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMMY ! 
I just got a new washer and dryer and they are sooooo quite I LOVE THEM !!!! 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who ... 
In\ 
memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost\ 
their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer\ 
it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . \ 
Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? 
Thiss is I LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! < PROPFEMALE > your the best sista ever !!!!! 
Well I am off to bed . Tomorrow I have my second surgery on my heel ; I am not looking forward to it at all !!! Hopefully after this I will be able to wear closed heel shoes without daily pain :) 
Well it is over , the pain is not fun at all , but the drugs do help :) A big THANKS to everyone for the well wishes , and < PROPFEMALE > if he has screwed it up I will use the crutches to kick ass ! 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer . 
My foot is feeling better , my Packers won , and my husband has to wear a Packers jersey to the family Thanksgiving . All is GOOD :) 
Freezing my A$# off . I really miss the nice Kuwait weather , and I am so ready to move south !! 
MY Halloween treat , Zach just got a new game , it is so scary his cat made him scream when she jumped on his lap while he was playing . I love it !!! LMAO 
I am now in the middle of Wlorld War 3 my daugher Bre has three friends over and they decided to spray Zach with hairspray , so he went after them , I think he won but it was a very noise and a whole lot crazy . Oh course they are also scaring him silly while he plays his game . 
Put this on your status if you know someone/ are related to someone who suffers from being a Vikings Fan . Being a VikingsFan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for VF and sympathy does not help !!! But we can raise awareness .... 90% of Vikings ... Fans won't repost this because they do not know how to copy and paste . 
GREAT DAY !!!! Not only did my Packers kick ass !! But my niece Myrissa is staying with us ; she has finally gotten out of a horrific situation , now if we can get her personal belongings everything will be super great !! 
My mom had knee replacement surgery today , she is doing very well , but it reminded me that she is all I have left and it is scary . 
No matter what I do it doesn't make a difference . So I give up . 
Things are starting to work , so I am going to give it another try . 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes , you helped make it a wonderful day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
YEA PACKERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
GO PACKERS !!!!!!!!!!! 
YES !!! NFC Championship Game here we come !!!! I am so HAPPY !!!!!!! 
Looks like it's the Packers and the Bears first post season game since 1941 . I really really want the Pack to win either way at least it will be a NFC Northern Division team in the Super Bowl :) 
GO PACK !!!!!!!!!!! Watch over them Daddy !! 
OMG !!!! WE'RE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I just ordered a Green Bay Packer NFC Champions Flag for my Daddy's headstone . I really wish he was here to watch the super bowl with me . I miss him so much . 
You and I wake up in jail together ... Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ?... Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours too !..... 4 words are hard !! ;) 
OMG !!!!!! ~ ! WE WON !!!!!!! GO PACK GO TITLE TOWN USA !!!!!!! 
Now I will be getting Daddy a new Pendent for his grave side . 
The Greatest two months of my life !!! January a new grandchild , and a NFC Championship . February a Super Bowl !! That is all a girl needs !!!!! :) 
