wants to fly to outer space using only a toothbrush 

Hey y'all 
* Does a dance * 
I take too many quizes 
just splurged on music . 90's music at that . 
Wants a cookie . 
seems to take forever to reply to comments 
has a crazy family , lovable but crazy XD ( this includes < PROPFEMALE > Condalary ) 
It's gonna be a new year ! Yay ! Let's make it better than 2010 XD\ 
So let me know ... what are y'all's resolutions for the up coming year ? 
A new year ... and we got a little black kitten today ! :3 Her name is Wink ... why ? One of her eyes was infected and had to be removed , so she only has her right . So it looks like she's winking ! XD I shall get some pics later 
Proverb . What exactly IS a proverb ? I couldn't resist : a short pithy saying in general use , stating a general truth or piece of advice . Hmm ... I think the < PROPFEMALE > rule is actually stated in the book of Proverbs somewhere but I couldn't put a finger on it 
It's orange , got five parts , sounds awesome and fulfills wild dreams . What is it ? 
I have faith that God will let everything work out ... until then ... ahhahahaaahhhhggg .. 
Say \hola ! \"" 
Dance Dance 
MATH POWAH !!! 
Milk chocolate easter < PROPFEMALE > ... off with your head !! 
Write a note ? ABOOT WOOT ?? 
FRIDAY AT LAST 
Knows exactly the thing she is going to marry . Drum dial tuner . HANDS DOWN 
dances anyway . 
Hahahaha 
I am apparently right in the < PROPMALE > I should be in XD check out my \myPersonality\ " tab and you'll see . It's kinda cool . " 
Mal and < PROPFIRST>'s ADVENTURES !! Saw a great movie , went to walmart , rocked out in the jeep , AND got gas ! 
Uuuhhhgg feeling like a nap right about now 
Here's Jonny !! XD why ? Idk it's late-ish yo 
Rods and brush combo .. Is AWESOME . 
81% on my Spanish Final !!! WHAT UP YO not that it would've made a difference either way , I still get a B 
WAAAAH had to move something on the schedule because LSU is a ... yeah . Well my BASC 2011 class has gone from Wed at 12:30 to Thurs from 1:30 - 3:00 
good day good stuff , could use to look for my groove i think i misplaced it 
Bored girl is bored 
Paper cut . This is not working for me D: 
No going to space on my toothbrush anymore y'all . The diesel is too dang expensive XD 
sits thinking about things she could do , and yet does nothing about the fact that nothing is being done , though she could use to do something rather than nothing . 
At last ! Prepared to do ... NOTHING !!! Oh , but I finally landed a job :DDD AT LAST !!!! 
BOO-YAH . Yeah facebook , that's what's on MY mind . 
Fourth o ' July barbeque ! WOOOOOO :DDD 
Do not accumulate for yourselves treasures on earth , where moth and rust destroy and where thieves break in and steal . But accumulate for yourselves treasures in heaven , where moth and rust do not destroy , and thieves do not break in and steal . For where your treasure is , there your heart will be also . \ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > 6:20 - 6:21 \ 
Talked about tonight during church . Man I enjoyed it , can't wait to go back too :D 
Huzzah ! Excitement . What ???? No wait , I mean that . Now I don't even know what the heck I'm talking about . 
Through God , the impossible is made possible and miracles are born ! Faith can change things , change hearts - prayer of the faithful is the more power and dynamic than the most destructive bomb . Not because it destroys . Because it can heal . 
Saturday I made it ! Thank goodness ... XD 
is doing pretty alright . Man that's a boring update . I gotta find a way to spice this up ... \ 
Pink and purple hippopotamus hopping in the waters \ 
Us braiding slipping octopus call our home with platypus . 
played video games all day . Productive right ? 
TUNED LIKE A MARCHING SNARE : BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG !!!!!!!!!! \ 
THEN THE CHOIR DESCENDED FROM THE LIGHT OF HEAVEN !! \ 
THE SYMPHONY SURROUNDED THEM ALLLLLLLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
u kno what im sayin ?? XD well < PROPFEMALE > does . 
has at last declared poke war with < PROPFIRST > carlisle . I couldn't resist it . XDD and after being in a poke war with ashi and < PROPFEMALE > for ... idk how long ... I have experience . \ 
POKE . ftw 
Why didn't our high school teachers ever TRY to engage us ? And why can't the professors do ANYTHING but talk and think we'll magically get it ? \ 
COME ON . 
YEEEEESSSSSS !!! \ 
I'm finally going to have a job ( I think ) . And that means some actual money ! :D 
wants a field recorder . Those things seem so nifty . 
To whoever's reading this , my friend < PROPFIRST > really needs your prayers tonight . He went through surgery last Tuesday and is struggling with some issues from the operation - so if you would , please pray for his healing and comfort . Thanks guys :) 
My phone must hate me for some reason D: I haven't dropped you ! ( on any hard surfaces ) 
Is thrilled . Absolutely . I'm so happy , I had an attack . Almost . 
First day of school / work and everybody seems normal ! :D This makes me glad . Cuz usually they aren't . 
Is going to practice ! Practice makes perfect ! And perfect isn't possible ! ( Well , not all the time anyway ) 
Science shouldn't be the reason people refuse to believe in God . It should be the reason that they believe ! Even Einstein admitted that there must be a higher power . Just look at the scope of the universe ... this solar system is one of the billions in the milky way , which is one of the billions of galaxies in the vast universe ! It's nuts ! 
I have it figured out ( at last ) . TAKE THAT WINDOWS ONLY RECORDER SOFTWARE !! >:3 Used VM ware to access the software on a Windows 7 virtual machine , then I converted some audio files and messed with it some more , and now those recorder files are in my iTunes ! :D 
What's on my mind ? Homework . And the current poke war I have going on between everyone and their mom . Which I will not lose ... EVAH !!! 
ported a hole in my bass drum's top head at last . It was kinda fun XDD burning hot can to the rescue !! 
Set me free . 
EVERYONE IN THE WORLD IS POKING MEH !!!! 
I think I hit a squirrel on my way to Hart this morning ... At least that's what I think judging from how it was flailing across the road in my rearview D: I hope i didn't hit the dummy but I also think I rolled over something .... A limb ? Oh gosh , dumb daredevils 
TOMORROW IS FRIDAY !!! I command you all to dance . 
< PROPFEMALE > ! Yo - yo - yo ! What be up , dawg ? * points to a hotdog * 
Thank God for K-LOVE ! Awesome songs , great reminders of how to live life for Jesus . And they play some of the oldies I know ! :D 
STUDY FOR BIOLOGY ??? \ 
... I don't wanna . 
I like it on my closet door knob , that's what . 
God's love is beautiful . 
Hey we won a $50 gift certificate to < PROPMALE>'s! XDD I didn't remember that we had entered a contest drawing at Spectrum last Tuesday . But hey . Now we're GOIN BABEE . 
I got the cajon !! And a new tambourine :D 
\ITS HITTING ME ITS HITTING ME !!! \ " \ 
Paper .... I command you to write yourself ! \ 
Hocus pocus , eat a locust\ 
Do yourself and have a focus ! 
Paper still isn't done . But it MUST be done before Tuesday . So . Today is outline day . 
It's all for Jesus . 
Epic win by me and Mr. Farrar this morning ;D yeh yah . 
Has had a fun / productive day . HOW OFTEN DOES THAT HAPPEN ??? SERIOUSLY ?? 
Hallelujah night was great ! At least interesting . Those really little kids didn't get the concept that two tries to get the ball in the hole means two tries ! 
Research topics !!! Wahhhh ( I got to come up with one pertaining to health care ) I'm thinking about stem cells / the ethics of in vitro , but nothing firmed up yet . Not sure about what < PROPFEMALE > I want . CLUES ANYBODY ?? 
MY SCHEDULE IS PERFECTION AT LAST\ 
* hallelujah chorus plays * 
Internet trolls need to get a life D: seriously . Have you ever come across one of those ?? They're .... well , we all know XD 
loves the family . They make meh laugh . Hard XDDD 
What we have to learn from Anime Shows :\ 
The louder you yell , the more powerful you are . \ 
D-UH . 
If I can survive through finals ... \ 
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE . 
No lie , this week has been physically , mentally and emotionally draining . I've been stressed to the < PROPMALE > and because of that , I haven't given nearly my all to the spiritual life . That caused fractures in faith too . \ 
But tonight , thank God , I'm being healed again . \ 
And I'm not ashamed to admit it . 
1983 by Neon Trees\ 
Now that song is fun to play :D 
Final lesson went great despite that we only had five seconds to teach it :D 
When you < PROPFEMALE > the Bible , Satan gets a headache . When you open it , he collapses . When he sees you reading it , he faints . When he sees you are living what you read , he flees !! And when you are about to re-post this message , he will try and discourage you . I defeated him !! Copy and paste :) 
Only one real week of school left then finals !! How'd that happen ??? 
My ear somehow just scared me . 
Is looking at < PROPFEMALE > ... 
FINALS NEXT WEEK . \ 
You people ready for this ?! 
One project and a final down :\ 
Two more and a portfolio to go . 
My cat is fixing to die . 
It's just about a week til Christmas ! O.O that happened really , really fast . 
TOMORROW IS CHRISTMAS EVE . \ 
Woah ! Wait , I thought Christmas was supposed to be slow ! 
For some reason it doesn't quite feel real ... since Christmas is getting faster these days apparently XD anyway ... \ 
I WISH YOU < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
Just played half of a song without the tip of my drumstick before noticing it was missing XDDD New Year's Resolution ? Use sticks that aren't so torn up ... 
Lost about three hours of my life on a game ... that's because I died and forgot to save , and since RPGs from back in the day are so kindly toward players , I lost all the data . The sad thing is that I'll probably go back and do it all again XD 
Thank God . Thank Him for what He's done . He performs miracles daily ! 
The dentist's office is pretty boring D: hope to leave it soon ! In the meantime , who will be at rev on Friday / Saturday ? :D 
Grace can't be earned , or else it isn't grace anymore . God pours out His grace on us and gives unto us freely - His love and affection don't cost us anything . All we have to do is receive it . 
It's time to get serious . I've only got one life . No more messing around , starting tonight - I'm giving God everything . My heart , my mind , my soul , loving Him with all my strength and spirit . His love will heal this family , this community , this parish , this state , the world ! We just have to hold on to it ! 
I love sweet tart hearts . And the messages on them make me feel all special ... XDDDD 
Final Fantasy X ! I wanna play more so badly ! ICE ROADS ICE 
Apparently our resident 13 year old is a genius XDDDDDDD 
What did the fish say when he accidentally swam into a concrete wall ? \ 
\Dam . \"" 
There is grace and forgiveness\ 
Mercy and healing\ 
He'll meet you wherever you are . 
System of nonlinear equations ... Oh how you taunt me ! 30 minutes later and still no solution ... 
I would totally dig a class where we studied < PROPFEMALE > , Metroid and < PROPFIRST > . I might even enjoy writing papers about those ! 
So ready to be done with tomorrow ! 
The power of the cross/ is in the blood of Christ\ 
Risen for us all/ a spotless sacrifice\ 
We have been redeemed / ransomed with His life ... \ 
( can't remember any more of it , I have bad lyrical memory XD)\ 
They sing this song at ALC , but I can't find it on the internet . Anybody else know more about it ? 
The best thing ever about playing drums ? You can sing as loud as you want when you practice ! And nobody has to hear you - not even you ! XD 
Impossible system of equations ... eek ! The hardest thing about calculus is the algebra ! Calculus in itself is a breeze , actually :D 
Force field . Aha . Hah . Hah . \ 
We shouldn't even start the conversation about what pop culture force fields are vs . what mathematic force fields are XDD 
Learning things about physics I didn't know ... some of this from math class and some of this from a particular coin ... 
Time's ticking away ! Love and worship God and live for Him before it's said and done ... life ain't long ... 
