at the gig . SALSA LESSONS ! 

school out 
wooo ! live mix online !! 
sleep .............. 
today is the first day i have been truly bored since school ended ... 
can drive the stickshift ... hyundai for life yo 
so many people are doing quizzes = < PROPMALE > boredom this summer 
music music research ... 
rave this weekend 
Dub Fx is the bomb . dubfx.net . buy this guy's cd . 
learning to count cards 
http://fla.vor.us/wafform.aspx?_act=eventview&_pky=60288 everyone go to this 
woo raved out .... 
back home 
woo . rave out . 
IPOD TOUCH FOR SALE - $200 
ipod touch ... $160 - music included 
''' 
its raining men , hallelujah its raining men . Girls are icky 
PSP with games and accessories - 4 gig memory card , charger , case - Midnight CLub DUB edition , GTA Vice City , MXvs . ATV Untamed . -$150- 
< PROPMALE > messing with my status ... to far dude 
< PROPFEMALE > MACHINE FOR SALE - $75 INCLUDES < PROPFIRST > AND IKES !! 
missing a rave tonight .... 
Sometimes when Im lonely I talk to my imaginary friend < PROPMALE > . He is such a hunk . All my guy friends are so jealous . 
DVC registered ! 
watchmen was not so good ... 
Why must ll the men in my life look at me with such disdain . All I ever did was love them . 
status changed ... 
wow , i saw a helicopter and a black lexus ( with a guy in it ) and a big stack of steel boxes parked in a shady parking lot in an industrial area of treasure island last night ... weird . 
in tahoe ... 
just saw the wailers ! < PROPMALE > hall is jealous 
want to come over and watch hot < PROPMALE > ? 
aah ... just warped some records in the sun ... 
working on a playlist for a 30+ singles dance party sponsored by a church ... 
im doing nothing at work today ... 
wow ... nice one . everyone was in on it of course . 
getting up at 6am to go to dvc early to get first in line for the counseling ... missing the meteor shower . 
school ... actually looking forward to it for the first time in about 7 or 8 years . 
1:16 am and ... sleep 
hates using the dvc class registration system . it's retarded 
. 
a college student . 
wow 
would like to remind everyone ... I do not have texting . I have never had texting . If you have texted me in the last year , it's nothing personal if I totally ignored you . I don't even find out if I recieve one ... sorry to all the girls I have ignored unintentionally . 
1 week down 
rediscovering weezer 
wednesday ... party 
liss was here :) 
san < PROPFIRST > is cool 
I'm pissed . DJ AM , one of the greats of the DJ world died yesterday ... OD on drugs . stupid fool . an artist but still a dumbass ... It's not cool to die from drugs . Led Zeppelin might be together still if idiot Bohnam wasn't such an alcoholic . 
music 
recording demo mix for blakes ! 
who wants to go to blakes in berkely tonight ? dance party till late ? 
nobody to go with ... not going at all . lame 
about a month left and Im already pumped for lovefest ! 
to < PROPFIRST>'s tonight . who wants to go . 
rain . 
breaking a world record ! 
woo ! party tomorrow . are you 30 or older ? 
my phone drowned . I'll call everyone back later today when I get a new one . 
my phone drowned . If you want me to have your number , send it to me . 
anybody want ot go to blakes tonight ? party 
finally changed my picture ... props to nate for taking some badass photos 
saturday . party time . 
phone died again ... 
DRUM OFF TONIGHT !! 6:30 at Guitar Center I will be competing . check it out . 
lovefest baby . and gig on the same day ... 
wanna go to lovefest tomorrow with me ? 
lovefest , gig , afterparty . same day . home at 5 
whoa ! it's raining ... like it's never happened before . 
yeah . muse is playing in vegas on december 12th . who wants to go with me . 
camping . 
buying more speakers ! 
just got in an accident ... 
woo ! new amp for subs 
is a cookie eating pie 
mixing with < PROPFEMALE > Lewellyn , MY BEST FRIEND IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD 
off to court ... speeding ticket 
late night lego's with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . brings back ancient memories . 
i have really great friends ... not 
yeah ! the bean is on the road again ! 
what should I be for halloween ... 
RIP Grandpa 
new sound system finally complete ... 2 18\ subs shake my house ! " 
aah ! bumpin halloween party that just was . having another party soon . 
If you didn't just vote today , you have nothing to complain about down the road when politics aren't going your way ... 
richmond gang rape . our society is going down the toilet . http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2009/10/31/MNR41ACRGU.DTL 
sick 
jam party ! 
rocked out at the jam party !! 
people who need facebook quizzes to define themselves will be deleted from my friends . 
geologic time rocks 
lot of good music in london . too bad I'm here ... 
woo ! wedding reception tomorrow ... If I screw up , I'll ruin a wedding . It looks fun , but this is actually a quite stressful job . 
break ! 
watching anchorman . come over 
thanks 
Good Party . That was hella fun . 
listening to music so underground the website dosen't even know what to recommend next . 
snow ? 
I am $75 away from one of the best moments of my youth ... 
and I got tickets ! 
best show of my life 
composing when I'm creative 
zildjian k custom 18\ ride !! " 
funny people 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VAkOhXIsI0 dig it . 
That's what you get when you loot . 
composing at 3am ! 
haha ! got a job at rasputin records ! 
first day at Rasputin . First Job , pull 12 porn DVD's out of the theft resistant cases(hard to open at first ) and ring them up . Awesome . 
Today outside Rasputin this guy , named Rare , was screaming all day long on the street . My coworkers say I'll miss it when I start working at the Concord store ... Gotta love Berkley . 
leaving for a gig soon . another party at a church in livermore . 
Go to urban dictionary , type your first name , and post the first entry in the comments below . 
fighting against stupidity ... 
street performing 
aspirations 
songwriting > facebook . later 
musicmusic 
why 
< PROPFIRST > and I need a band name . suggest one ... 
Peace is not the absence of conflict , peace is the presence of justice . 
\sounds from the kitchen\ " experimental sound design hip hop in progress . " 
is 19 years of age . about to have a mid youth crisis .. 
whoa , thanks for all the birthday love everybody ! 
MUSEMUSEMUSEMUSEMUSEMUSEMUSEMUSEMUSEMUSEMUSEMUSEMUSEMUSE 
MUSE ROCKED . security did not . I got kicked out by police for crowd surfing and throwing a drumhead onstage . It had a sharpie attached , I though it might get signed . luckily I was able to bribe myself back in real quick for $10 . overall amazing night . 
explain the universe 
new snare drum ! 
30 seconds to mars :: 24 hours 
wisdom teeth removed 
burning man 
jury duty 
to oregon 
macenzie river valley today . swam in a hot spring mineral swimming pool . 104 ? 
laptop took a dump on itself . now about to drive to < PROPFIRST > hill tomorrow to buy another one for a gig in two days . 
potential gigs DJing at a pizza place hosting dance parties in SF ! 
Just found out that you can't re-download previously purchased music from itunes for any reason . 
google gogol bordello wonderlust kings . 
anybody have a flat screen computer monitor ? I need one . 
intense police situation . \we would like you to surrender . We have the house surrounded . \ " way too many cops for concord . go do some speeding while the cops are occupied . " 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfZGUdcBBLc 
7 songs in the works . 
find me a bass player . 
( emotional , dramatic or ispirational quote for you to ponder and judge me by here ) 
I need a truck and a generator for a week . know anybody with either ? 
\It is maddening when the court lets guilty criminals go free . \ " \ 
remix 
anybody want to see The Memorials at Slims tonight ? It's the drummer from Mars Volta's new band . $15 . 
band name : The Colony 
DJ QBERT in oakland this wednesday .... and I'm not gonna be around ... 
electronics break . bad times . 
wants to buy a sailboat 
sail car . 
There is a cricket IM MY HOUSE . 
gmail now has free phone service to all of the US and canada ! whaat ? 
Tonight at a barn party gig I got 25 people in cowboy hats to dance to hard electro house . Success . 
burn 
burned out . 
muse approaching . 
Guitar center concord . Tomorrow . Thursday . 6:30 pm . < PROPFIRST > Fogg . Drum Off 2010 . come watch . 
does anyone have access to a CD duplicator ? 
MUSE TONIGHT 
took a hit from a 300 pound shirtless guy in a mosh pit at muse . was intense . 
couldn't scalp tickets so we saw the black keys from backstage instead ... 
general < PROPMALE > sucks . 
I've decided to stop playing music , it is stupid , I'm taking up knitting and candle making . 
recording thursday ... 
just made an awesome promo video for the burning man project but now I have to get clearance on the music from Pendulum ... 
Get ready for the korean war ... again . 
Got tickets for sale for our first show . Battle of the bands , DNA lounge , January 16th . $10 . 
live moby/radiohead cover in the works . 
DUB Fx in LA on the 22nd . That's a drive I want to make . 
So I was biking today , and when I got off the bike I felt a weird sensation in my crotch . When I checked , I couldn't find my left nut . Is this common ? 
Gig this sunday 
back to back gigs weekend . 
gotta see U2 
Bad shit shouldn't happen to good people / Religion can't justify this for me . 
PLEASE SNOW TONIGHT !! 
whoa ... big earthquake .. 
burning CD's manually two at a time on laptops ... Does anybody have a CD duplicator ? 
Two shows this weekend . Live video might happen for everyone not going . 
live in a few minutes !! 
Playing some Colony music tonight at Pine Hollow middle school at around 7 . I think it's free . Benefit gig of some kind . 
need a beats antique ticket ... 
does anyone have an extra beats antique ticket ? 
