Hope everyone's 2010 is even better than their 2009 . 

has to treat her puppy for mange tomorrow . :( 
is about to live out the dream of her 15 year old self of seeing Leftover Crack at a venue 5 minutes away from her house . 
is queazy and sore thanks to dancing , antibiotics , and bus rides . 
thinks watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Black Knight is a quality way to spend an evening . 
is emotionally exhausted . 
is going to punch someone from < PROPMALE > Auto-body in the throat . 
is callin ' old friends to make sure they're real ... 
is eating split pea soup , and wishing she had people around to reenact the Exorcist for . 
found La Moustache to be confusing , but enjoyable . 
so much for the afterglow . 
is proud that Enkidu finally learned to cock his leg ! 
thinks that pwning Mortal Kombat 4 is an excellent way to spend a day . 
wishes she were a member of the Rainbow Family . 
got stung by a jellyfish this evening , made a Hungarian Horntail out of sand then ate a cup full of boiled peanuts . SUCCESS ! 
has been listening to Lil ' < PROPMALE > too much . 
is reading ' Behold a Pale Horse ' . Creepy . 
wants to join the circus . 
had on amazing day of ground scoring . Two mushroom glasses , < PROPMALE > Potter , love letters written from Duval correctional centers , oh and did I mention all the VINYL !? The Doors , Jimi Hendrix , Iron Butterfly and more , all for free . HELL YEAH . 
is ionizing and atomizing . 
\John < PROPMALE > was a nazi . \"" 
wishes her home computer hadn't crashed at the hands of 3 trojan horses . AHHHH ! 
Computer is fixed . Online traffic school all-nighter ! Woo ! 
WILL learn how to juggle and ride horses . 
neck brace , day 2 . 
insomnia strikes ... surprise , surprise . 
strait chillin . 
is mentally punching two individuals in the face . 
terrible horrible no good very bad day . 
Just gave Enkidu his last mange treatment ! Woooo ! 
Merrrrrrry Christmas !!!! Hope everyone got some slammin ' gifts ! 
finds that her dog listens more attentively when spoken to with a Christian Bale impersonation . 
whyyyyyyy did i schedule such awkwardly long break periods !? 
is questioning her sanity about going to a show at the Warehouse when it will \feel like : 6 degrees\ " according to the weather . " 
Just another night , in South of Cross Creek . 
wonders where all of her upper body strength has gone . 
the 10 of Cups in my future , along with an 8 of Cups ( hah . ) , 9 of Coins , and the most obvious 7 of Coins ever . Pretty excited about it . 
Epic last Nine Tenths show = one crazy \family\ " reunion = one amazing night . " 
has had Don't Fear the Reaper stuck in her head for 3 days now . 
is about to eat Krispy Kreme donuts and take a hot chamomile bath after an ordinarily wonderful day . I am in love with my life . 
wants to have a picnic . 
is really excited about Little Debbies Be My < PROPFIRST > cakes season . 
whole-heartedly thinks < PROPFIRST > Gompers was a jerk . 
realized that Jawbreaker's Dear You is the current soundtrack of her life . 
: Who wants to go to the Vagina Monologues with me next week ? 
is pretty sure that part of her soul has been lost after a day of bulk shopping at BJ's with < PROPFEMALE > . 
had an epic day in the wind and rain , complete with a dead car battery and a fiesty wet dog . It was awesome . :) 
is wondering why it's so damn hard to find a circus arts summer camp that allows 20 year olds ! 
is catchin ' the city bus to school bright and early tomorrow . Fabulous . 
is going to be relivin ' her mysterious anarcho-punk days at Against Me ! tomorrow night , woo ! 
had one generally breath taking night . 
hopes that Evgeni Plushenko wins tonight , because she is hopelessly in love with him . :) 
oh Gal Pals , picnics and puppies , what a wonderful day ! 
never thought that anyone from The Monkees would ever write something so relevant to her life as < PROPFIRST > Nesmith's Different Drum seems right now . 
est la saveur de la semaine . 
forgot how much sinus infections sucked . 
couldn't be happier to be alive on such a wonderful day . 
is watching Night Gallery with her big brother and is happy as a clam . 
wants to play elaborate and potentially lethal practical jokes on swatchdogs and diet cokeheads . 
is annoyed , with no particular right to be . 
is watching The < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog and drinkin ' a milkshake before a tomorrow of terror . 
is A-OK with anesthesia . :) 
finds yard work extremely fulfilling . :) 
is spending the day at a horse farm ! Woo ! 
best moment of my life candidate #1 , sitting in my car as the first stopped by a train crossing in Ludowici , GA screaming along with < PROPMALE > Petty's American Girl at the top of my lungs with < PROPFIRST > after a day of playing with dogs and horses . Oh my lord . 
who wants to go see of Montreal in < PROPMALE > with me on April 10 ??? 
is campaigning for yellow party all morning ! Vote ! And get your free chicken sandwich as a result ! 
is sort of going insane . 
almost tripped over a two dimensional sidewalk painting this morning . 
is too tired for any of this mess . 
< PROPFEMALE > White is hosting Saturday Night Live on my birthday . Best unintended gift to me ever . 
car trouble , car trouble go away , and don't come back another day . 
is going for a historical stroll through Evergreen Cemetery with mama today . <3 
this 20th Century Russia exam is gonna be the death of me . 
is slaughtering her last paper . < PROPFIRST > F . Babbitt , prepare to be annhilated , as you should be . 
SUMMERTIME OFFICIALLY . NO SCHOOL TILL AUGUST , OOOOH YEAHHHH . 
is going for federal jury duty try-outs monday morning . Hope I make the team , 40 dollars a day is not too shabby . :3 
had one deeply disturbing day . 
it's magic time !!! 
Thank you everybody !!!!! :) :) :) 
is investigating derby gear bargains . 
:) <3 
waiting waiting waiting . humbug . 
all smiles . 
confuse , confusing , confused . 
excitedddd about my new gameboy color and seeing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > vox tonight ! 
but the cruelty's so predictable , crown my head with your lilting effects , project your fears onto me , I need to view them , see there's nothing to them . 
RuPaul makes me want to be a more generally fabulous person . 
got home to find out her rabbit died . RIP < PROPFIRST > , you were a fiesty one . 
Anyone from UNF : When are we supposed to get our stinkin ' book vouchers ? 
job interview at World Market today . Nervvvousss . 
why is it so hard to remember the things you need too , but so hard to forget the things you wish you could ? 
I GOT THE JOB ! AHHH YEAH !! 
First day on the job . Look out world [ market ] here I come ! 
hello crazy school + work schedule , goodbye sweet social life . 
why is add/drop only one week long ? two weeks would give you a much more realistic view of what you're getting yourself into , and whether you can balance it . :/ 
i dropped my glasses when i was driving in avondale yesterday and bent down to get them , and then ran into a palmetto tree . SUCKS . 
so sick of being stuck at home . 
read till 1 am , then napped woke back up at 3 am , just finished a book review and now I'm finishing my other crap ton of reading for the day . booo . 
generally annoyed with my day . :/ 
book revi-EWWW . bleck 
just called somebody's 85 year old grandma to tell her that she had the wrong number for her birthday voicemail , I was thanked profusely . Happy birthday to 31 year old < PROPFEMALE > where ever she is ! 
who wants to to Taking Back the Night with me tomorrow ? 
finished one 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper , submitted 5 minutes before deadline , now I've got one more to go by 9:30 tomorrow morning . Going to brew some more coffee . 
puking my guts out , but still have to go take an exam and turn in a paper . blah . 
home ground and brewed fair trade espresso . wonderful . 
Wine tasting at world market regency today , gonna be a mad house . 
I am so sickkkk , I feel like I'm drowning . 
\It's pumpkininny ! \ " And Americans fall in love with the boy who makes faces like he can't believe what he just said . " 
oh . my . goodness . < PROPMALE > Samberg just played < PROPFIRST > Smith on SNL . yes . yes . yesssss . 
I'm done with Fall semester 2010 AND EVERYTHING IS TURNED IN !!! YES ! 
extra scholarship money and of montreal ... oh yeahhh it's gonna be a good week . 
