fireworks can get VERY annoying ... lol 

Happy New Year !!!!! ^_^ 
I think Falls Apart by Thousand Foot Krutch is a cool video/song 
OMG !!!! i had a mango venom today and it was awesomeness !!! 
i found this quote and thought it was aawesome --> Duct tape is like The Force : it has a light side and a dark side , and it holds the world together ... ^_^ 
had BACON !!! :) 
put some purple sharpie in my hair cause i felt like it ^_^ 
is excited for the 1st day of her senior year on monday !!! 
my locker wont open and all of my books r in it !!! i got it open once , but i cant get it open anymore !! 
decided to dance while cooking dinner and wound up making a big mess !! XD 
already had a party the 1st week of school !!!! ^_^ 
im a senoir and i have a class with my freshman lil brother !!!! 
we finally had a smart sub who didnt let my class go at the 5 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
school starts WAY too early !!! 
muahahahahaha i totally had a double chocolate chip cookie for breakfast !! 
is at the gym right now ... and since there is no school on monday , teachers decided to give us enough homework that day as well . T.T 
im gonna drop pre cal honors .... and probably replace it with an < PROPMALE > or something , i dont need the credit anyways ... i was just taking it for fun 
is developing symptoms of chronic boredom .... =) 
went a whole day without runnung into anything !!!!!! XD 
my mom cleaned my room , and now i can't find anything !!! T.T 
GRRR !!! my computer wont let me use the little chat thing ... it wont enter !!! IDK wats wrong !! 
hey pplz !!! pls pray for < PROPMALE > cause in about a month or so he will b having his open heart surgery .... thnx 
please pray for < PROPMALE > , because he will be going in for his heart surgey in about a month ..... thanks 
homecoming saturday night !!!! wohoooooo XD 
im gonna get my homecoming dress on and finish getting ready !!! XD 
really LOVES her theatre class , and is even part of the crew for the upcoming play !!! 
OMG !! the play starts 2morrow and we r not done with the set !! I am rlly freaking out right now !! 
found out she might b in arkansas the 9 , 10 , and 11th for a family reunion thing 
is totally excited because im gonna b in arkansas this weekend !!!! 
so excited that she is going 2 jonesboro that she cant even sleep !! 
had an amazingness time in Arkansas , but is still rlly tired .... 2 much time spent in a car ... XD 
Happy Halloween !!!! XD 
Rawr .... XD 
listenin to music .... jupin around my room like im crazy ..... and lovin every minute of it .... live life and dont wonder wat people will think cause u shouldnt have to pretend for anyone 
ate soooo much food yesterday that i still dont want to move 
people may tell u who ur supposed to be ... but they can never tell u who u r 
it snowed !!!! 
this time of the year things may get stressfull , but just dont forget to breath ( thats kind of important ) ^_^ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
noooooooooooooooo ... i have to go back to school .... T.T 
is ready for school to hurry up so she can finally graduate !!! go class of 2010 !!!!!! ^_^ 
is officially frustrated because my 750 piece puzzle that i had finally finished was destroyed !!!!!!!!!!! 
hates when u go to look 4 something and u cant find it then later u r looking for something else and u find wat u needed earlier ! 
is excited that i have a painting that is being put in a competition .... the only problem is that ill have to get up on a staurday ..... 
hmmmm ... im thinking ...... chocolate .... sounds good to me XD 
so far my spring break is BORING !!! plus i have to have all 4 wisdom teeth pulled on friday !!! ): 
dancing for no reason while no one is watching is fun AND relieves stress ^_^ 
(: ¡¡p ?? u ? 1 ?? ??? no ? u ? op ? p ? sdn ?? bu ? u ? n ? ? no ???? s ??? p ??? u ?? n ?? 
is nervous cause i get all four of my widom teeth pulled 2morrow morning T T.T T 
??? n ? ? sdo ? 
just keep smiling even if ur not ok , cause if u cry they'll think they've won 
It's time to play ' name that song ' this is the begining of the song- Is there anybody out there ? That wakes up with a bitter taste ? It’s a < PROPMALE > that we put up there And he's a short way to fall from grace It's slowly failing upward . You can step but you have no ground . I hear it from the lost words . They say its time that you lost your crown . 
senior picnic !!!! im so excited ^.^ ok on another note i have a question for anyone who wants to answer it ... ready ?.... ok .... when is ur b-day and wat is ur fav color ? 
baked potatoes r yummy :D 
i gotz a haircut ... it tis b all chopped off :) 
i have internet again !!!!!! 
mmmmm .... cookies n ' cream my fav ice cream ever !!!! 
had a drivers < PROPMALE > drive today and almost rear-end < PROPMALE > someone T.T 
i have a watercolor painting in the < PROPMALE > festival on sat at kingwood college :) 
even if i say it'll be alright , still i hear u say u want to end ur life , now and again we try to just stay alive , baby we'll turn it all around cause it's not too late , its never too late 
wat if i dont care anymore and just walked away ... would u even notice im gone 
all in all had an ok day ... could've been better but also could've been worse 
is sick :( 
wants cold coffee for some reason ... but oh well :) 
i go outside only to get attacked by my mom with the hose ..... lol 
seniors wear ur cap 2morrow and a senior shirt !! pass it on !!!!! 
chillin with my bestie cause were just that awesome ! :) 
chronic boredom can really mess ppl up .. lol 
read Kite Runner cause i felt like it and it was pretty good ... now really bored 
goin to some drag races 2day :) 
Goin to the beach :) 
Thnx 4 all the bday wishes !!! Love u all and goodnight :) 
Work is ..... interesting today :3 
thinks its kinda funny how 1 thing can effect ur whole day ... good or bad 
1 more class then its the weekend !!!!!!! :) 
I'm spectacular !! ^-^ <3 
it is getting way too cold for my taste :/ 
Smile ... its contagious :) < Batwoman > 
