cause = time 

has a tangled thread inside his head with nothing on either end . 
caught a glimpse but it's been forgotten ... so here we are again . 
is tied together with rope and twine ... stuck together with paste and glue . Two old planks of knotty pine and a couple of nails poke right on through . 
school .... 
has quite a bit of homework to do ... given on the first day . 
is counting all different ideas drifting away .... past and the present they don't matter now , the future's sorted out . 
is in a desert standing . A silhouette ... in motion . 
thinks Zombieland is the best zombie movie ever made . 
is watching Zombieland for the second time ... 
knows it's easy to imagine but it's easier to just do .... see , if you can't do what you imagine , then what is imagination to you ? 
is about to go sledding ... 
' s sledding operation failed .... at least snow skating was more successful . 
: Life feeds on life feeds on life feeds on life .... 
promised the world he'd tame it .... 
paranormal activity was ... interesting . 
doesn't feel like doing homework ... inverse trig functions can suck it . 
would fall and turn the white snow red as strawberries in the summertime .... 
hört ein Singen im Raum ... und er jagt die Monotonie , Monotonie . 
' s hair is gone ... 
needs a new 3rd block class .... 
is half awake in a fake empire .... 
might not go to sleep tonight ... insomnia's kicking in . again . 
really doesn't want to go to sleep ... can't wait for winter break . 
finally saw Avatar ... might have to go see it again . 
doesn't know what he's looking at but will look wherever he's told . 
Now the world can be an unfair place at times ... but your lows will have their compliment of highs . And if anyone should cheat you , take advantage of , or beat you raise your head ... and wear your wounds with pride . 
Old Man Schmeling was a formiddable foe ... the Ambling Alp was too , at least that's what I'm told . 
says thanks for all the birthday wishes . 
is turning away from the light becoming adult ... turning into himself . 
This is why events unnerve me ... They find it all a different story . Notice whom for wheels are turning .... turn again and turn towards this time . 
is listening to Gorillaz while contemplating on whether or not he should do his homework . 
really hates being sick ... 
is some kind of nature , some kind of soul . 
' s iTunes crashed so he has to make sure everything is labelled correctly and all the songs have artwork ..... Such a bother . 
is taking the SAT tomorrow ... fun . 
is relaxing after a somewhat stressful day by listening to The xx 
\Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me ... unless you throw a dictionary at me . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Colbert " 
should probably start writing his step 3 .... nahhh . 
is hastily taking notes on 12-1 , 12-2 , 12-3 , 12-4 , 13-1 , 13-2 , 13-3 , and 13-4 . Procrastination win . 
The times we had ... oh when the wind would blow with rain and snow ... 
is watching Where the Wild Things Are .... 
is somewhere between what you need and what you know . 
is finally done ... 
Oh , the joys of being sick .... 
needs to feel something different just for a little while . 
is on his 3rd source ... 7-10 more to go . Yay . 
Seems like every < PROPMALE > I take brings me ever closer to being far away . 
We're fragments of fiction . 
Up on Melancholy Hill , there's a plastic tree ... are you here with me ? 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! 
I've got a taste for blood ... 
I saw sickness , blooming fruit trees . I saw blood and a bit of it was mine . I saw children in a river ... but their lips were still dry , lips were still dry . 
RAA tickets were sold out ... 
Nil Admirari . 
An Accidental Memory in the Case of Death 
I'm going out sleepwalking , where mute memories start talking . 
Yes , in a dream all my teeth fell out ... a cracked smile and a silent shout . 
One day i wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice 
\The trouble with quotes on the Internet is that you can never know if they are genuine . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
\A distorted reality is now a necessity to be free . \ " - < PROPMALE > Smith " 
