what a horrible day today question : am i clingy ? anyself respecting person would say no but according the the bf i am whatev ! 

I hate math homework !!!!!! with a serious passion 
working on homework then going shopping or cleaning the apartment 
hi everyone doing homeword at panera 
At school homework is insane xoxo got to go . 
I just finished my third week at school , homework is insane crazy i have work tomorrow morning at seven .... last weekend i was dumped by my boyfriend ... not much to say there it's been a hard week and right now i'm okay kinda miserable not too bad how hav 
hey friends things are going better 
hey everybody at mikes looking at my email not that i have any !!! Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!! 
i am tired and not in the mood to do homework thats due tomorrow 
Ugh not feeling well but i'm at michaels apartment trying to have fun 
Home going to bed soon 
i'm sitting at home waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to come home ... maybe i'll go out tonight 
I'm over at the boys again .... they love me . 
watching across the universe with < PROPFEMALE > 
movies over talking to people that i adore 
over at the boys apartment i just love them < PROPFEMALE > much xoxo < PROPFIRST > , zach , nic , < PROPFIRST > 
horrible .... 
girls just a wanna have fun !!! 
i'm living it up !!!! at the boys apartment again ... you think they wil eventually get sick of me xoxo 
I'm sick of men which you can't call them men they're still boys , you know who you are , i'm happily living single , i need no man . 
beingn lazy and tired and i still hate you know what 
at school working on a research paper 
home watching desperate housewives no thanks to friends who don't care to see me 
At school being bored as usual 
home having a fit at my computer 
Yeah i have internet back 
Sitting at home not in class i don't feel well 
I had a horrible day but it's getting better as the night goes on except for the homework i don't have done yet :( 
Laundry , Walmart , Homework , Sleep ..... 
At the boys apartment as usual xoxo love them boys 
Home being cool checking my email running to town and trying to < PROPFEMALE > out with people 
Home at the Apartment .... talking to < PROPMALE > 
At school 
At the boys apartment love them extremely lol ... <3 
at school working on some stuff 
i'm at home after the first day of work at my new job ugh .. i'm tired 
home at the appartment sitting around relaxing and cleaning a bit 
I don't understand why you won't tell me what's wrong , you push me away and avoid talking at all costs , why can't you tell me what i did wrong , did i do something wrong ? is it something i said ? please tell me so i can either fix or just understand 
Why is it that I dislike men so much and that they choose to hurt me ? 
class is going to be fun today im going to have to fight to stay awake , i didn't get any sleep last night 
is in a lab at school doing some research , i'm going to be doing homework all day and night 
I hate men that are assholes ... and yet i date every single one of them , your all assholes ! 
i've pulled an all nighter i've been up since 6 thirty yesterday morning so i'll be up for 24 hours in a lil bit here 
Sick of boys trying to pretend to be men and sick of friends not being friends 
A quote from my best friend < PROPFIRST > - \ Most people go to Mc Donalds for food ; < PROPFEMALE > goes there for commitment . \"" 
Is in her last class for the week thank goodness , miss my boys hope to see them this weekend xoxo love yall 
peace out yall 
in class on my computer gotta love psych 
in photo class love the glass dislike teach 
at school checking emails damn stolen wifi at the apartment not working again but peace out yall 
at school on lunch wishing to not have to be here for my next class god have mercy on me 
at home going to curl my sister's hair tomorrow morning at like 5 am then headed back to school 
Goodnight i need some sleep 
Doing homework at the apartment ... I want out of here ! 
Contemplating how i make my life so complicated , really really complicated and wondering how i can make it better ... peace out 
At class 9- 10:50 , 11- 1:50 , 3- 5:50 then i have work from 6 to 10 yuck and i haven't done any homework all weekend wow i'm so screwed 
At the apartment by myself just mellowing before i start homework 
Have to work tonight right after freaking class yuck ! anyways trying to figure out ways to make my life better ... it's a very difficult process 
At the apartment chilling out working on some homework ..... Come join me in Margaritaville !! 
\Do you like pina coladas and getting caught in the rain ? \"" 
Wondering when I will find someone who I can call and talk to at anytime ... because I haven't had that type of friend in a long time . 
Needs to get a shit load of homework done asap for tomorrow's classes 
loves her photography project 
I am a strong , caring , woman and I know what I want and I have people who love me .... I just need to keep reading that to myself and then maybe eventually I'll believe it ! 
In class thinking about everything but English 2 go me ! 
Going to bed for a little then back up to do homework !!! too bad thanksgiving doesn't give me much of a break goshdamnit 
is dreading work tomorrow and life as a whole ... 
is Dealing with Life's most lovely bumps in the road 
is thinking about everythng thats going on with everyone she knows and herself trying to figure out ways to help 
.... just trying to get by 
cuz b **** i'm the bomb like tick tick 
Drop it drop it low girl drop it drop it low girl ... you tell me move that ass around move that ass around 
My last day of finals and i have way too much to do !!! 
Has to work from 3 till midnight tonight Yeah !!! All i want is my big paycheck !!!!!! 
... tired ... 
Fighting with myself 
sick of everyone's **** and being put down like i'm nobody 
HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE !!!!! 
Goodnight and Good riddens 
that's okay baby cuz in time you will find what goes around comes around ... 
had a pretty damn good day Yea for ME !! 
I'm sick :( come take care of me ... please 
First Day back to class Yeah !!! 
i'm in a slump who really even wants to be in school anyways 
the wiskey kills the man you turned me into and i come alive , i'm living for the night- < PROPFIRST > Strait 
In class sipping my caramel latte from panera it's too early for a saturday !!! 
Didn't you know how much i loved you , didn't you know how much i loved you baby , i gave you everything every part of me- < PROPFEMALE > underwood 
finished the book i've been reading ... loved it so cute !!! 
In class having not so much fun 
in image manip Yeah !! 
In class so much fun !!! No not really 
Missing .... You !!! 
Get ahold of yourselves !! 
In class studying for midterms yeah ! 
“One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure its worth watching . ” 
Shake your Money Maker !!! 
Sitting around so unhappy and i keep giving myself headaches 
The words of some friends help me : Uh huh , OH yeah , Feeling good ! 
Thank You to Everyone who sent me birthday wishes ! I really appreciate ! xoxo love < PROPFEMALE > 
I Pray for You , I pray your brakes go out running down a hill , I pray a flower pot falls from a window sill and knocks you on the head like I'd like to , just know where ever you are I pray for you . -Jaron and the Long Road to Love 
I love this time of year fall is coming , leaves start to change colors , all the hot farmers on there tractors . Oh yes I think tractors are sexy ! Love this time of year ! 
Going to the Sandwhich Fair tonight . Excited ! 
I received a new haircut today , YEA ! 
