bought a NES R.O.B. and loves it . 

is STILL packing , hasn't slept , and probably won't till he is out of work , back from Whitman after unpacking . Yeesh . Still , a very productive day ! 
is glad trip 1 is done . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and Steppy for helping me finish it . Now to pack trip 2 this evening after a short rest . 
Trip 2 is done . Thank you Steppy for the help . Currently packing Trip 3 which needs to be a good amount , seeing as i have no time for a trip on Friday as I am off to Maine . Yay ! 
Is back from work early , and is done with Trip 3 . Thanks < PROPFIRST > for letting me out early , and < PROPFEMALE > for the help bringing stuff in . Going to clean up the house , take a shower and get some sleep so I will be ready for the long ass drive to Maine tomorrow ! 
< PROPFIRST > is home now from Maine and is at Steppy's house 
< PROPFIRST > is now at what will soon be his former place of residence getting ready for bed and another long week . Hooray ! 
is off to work at 5am to get the store ready for the 6am old people zombie rush . Oh joy ! 
just got back from seeing Ponyo with Steppy and < PROPFEMALE > . And it was pretty awesome . 
finds it amazing that people he sees , hears , and reads about who claim that they are so poor all the time and one step from the street can afford new cars , go on vacations , and are miraculously saved at the last minute all the time from said problems . Yet he and Steppy work very hard , pay their bills on time and yet get nothing after all that but more bills . Funny ........ 
is moving the second to last of his stuff today with some help ! Thanks to those that are staying to help me put it all up . 
is now living in Whitman with Steppy ! Sorry I have not updated till now . Did not have proper internets till now . All stuff is put up and away ! Don't be strangers peoples ! 
has finished helping his Mom in Hingham and is heading back to Whitman in a bit . 
just got Dark Horses Conan graphic novel #7 and its awesome as expected . 
is in hingham helping with a few things . Then , back to Whitman ! 
thanks everyone for their Bday wishes ! Thank you very much ! 
is spending all night till 6am building rebuilding his PC ! Hooray ! 
is missing old friends lately . I just wish some would talk to me again . Im not a asshole that I was made into by my crazy ex anymore . Controlled and and no backbone . Told everyone off . That man died at the end of 06 . Im a new person with a wonderful new woman . I just wish that more people gave me a < PROPMALE > . I miss everyone . Ah well . Work at Assanippi 3 to 11pm tonight . Gotta get to bed . 
Just saw Clash Of The Titans and it was entertaining . Still like the original better . Bobo The Owl cameo was hilarious though . Also , I really have no respect for people who feel the need to brag about all the good fortune and awesome things they get to do by making others miserable and by not being responsable . Saw something today that made me feel like that . 
Just got Intelligent Qube mint for really cheap . Missing Steppy . :( 
wonders if Resonance Of Fate is any good ? In other news , got my Bipac machine . 
watched The wrestler last night . Good but depressing movie . I miss Steppy and < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
is working till 8pm . Then back home to be with Steppy ! 
is stuck at work till 11pm , then off to get Steppy afterwards . Gonna be a long night lol . 
is now the owner of a 160GB iPod . Hooray ! 
now owns Resonance Of Fate and Neir for PS3 ! Hooray ! 
just got MAG for PS3 for $20 . Not bad for a game I probably wont touch , lol . 
has added Parasite < PROPFEMALE > 1 , Tales Of < PROPFEMALE > 1 , Persona 2 for PS1 , and Lufia 1 for Snes . My old school collection is almost complete ! 
I am currently conducting secret Snake business on the METAL GEAR SOLID : PEACE < PROPMALE > CODE HUNT site . Want to know what all the excitement's about ? Come see for yourself at http://www.konami.com/mgscodehunt 
Congratulations ! You've successfully earned a code collection trophy in the METAL GEAR SOLID : PEACE < PROPMALE > CODE HUNT . The Big Boss says keep up the good hunting ! 
is in line for the midnight showing of Iron Man 2 ! 
wants everyone to wish < PROPFEMALE > D`Angelo a Happy Hernandez Day ! :) 
is excited this week ! 3D < PROPFEMALE > Game Heroes today , < PROPMALE > Of Persia game next tuesday , and < PROPFIRST > Hood this Friday ! Plus a new Assassins Creed game annouced that , while only a side story , looks pretty cool . Hooray ! 
is working on an old project for a friend involving genetics and DNA resequencing . For you Mr. Fox ! Also , might see < PROPFIRST > Hood after work . Hopefully . 
is stuck at work till 2am because the floor is getting stripped and waxed . Jeph , sorry I missed your show . This wa a last minute thing . I had no idea you were down either . Silly man . Anyway back to the excitement of sitting behind the counter doing nothing till at least 2am if not later ..... then coming BACK at 3pm to work till 11pm friday . Joy ! 
Tornado warnings in Mass , and Oil all over the coasts and in the ocean . Poor planet earth , I feel so bad for you . 
I dont have alot of faith in humanity as a whole , and generally dont care for them . But today I really fucking hate people and am sad that I am one of them . We create such wonderous things but in general create more terrible things and do terrible things than we do good . Its really sad . 
Working till 9pm . Then maybe I might go see that Get him to the greek movie . At least I hope so . 
just picked up a CIB mint copy of Final Fantasy Adventure for Game Boy for $20 . Awesome find . 
is having fish and lobster for dinner , then maybe some Miyazaki with Steppy after . 
hates the heat today . Work is BARELY AC at all , but at least we have power . Had a great morning though ! 
is having trouble sleeping . Keep trying , but I miss Steppy too much so it is hard . </3 
gets really tired of everyone else going on all the vacations , having all the fun , being irrisponsable ( and getting away with it ) and other various intrigues . And yet all he ever has to look forward to is more work And responsabilities . Life is really fair . :/ 
I hate how dispite being a recluse pretty much and trying to stay to myself that drama still seems to find me . :/ 
is at work till 11pm . Been a long day and cant wait to go home and see Steppy ! <3 
just saw the Thor trailer from Comicon and it looks pretty fucking sweet in his opinion . 
Its balls hot out this morning . x.x 
is off to work with a feeling of uncertainty . x.x I really don't know what to think anymore about anything . 
is having another crazy day at < PROPFEMALE > Tedeschis ! 
just finished giving his mom a bunch of boxes he and Steppy collected for her move to Maine over this Fri , Sat , Sun coming up . Have help for it , but if you wanna help with the putting on the truck part , swing on by ! Ill be dead after all this btw . 
Been moving things off trucks for a whole week . Hope it ends soon lol . Sad that Labor Day is almost here . I HATE Labor Day . One of the worst days in my life . :( 
finally remembered why he likes console rpgs and old school ones from nes and snes and ps1 . No drama from basement dwellers . :/ 
is loving the Assassins Creed : Brotherhood Beta . Its pretty fun ! Loooking forward to the Castlevania : Lords Of Shadow demo today too ! 
once again has to shell out big bucks for another damn rim on his car ! Thanks Hanover ! I gotta get a better car .... 
is sad cause he has no cakeys . Also , gotta spend all my money at the tire guy on tuesday cause i needed a $95 tire as well as the $300 rim . Love my life . 
just picked up his Limited Edition Castlevania : Lords Of Shadow and is jumping in ! 
Off to the < PROPMALE > Richards Faire with my baby Steppy D'Angelo! Woo ! 
Hate Steppys dad with the fury of 1000 suns . Wish I was not so lame . 
Happy Birthday NES ! \ 
\ 
October 18 , 1985 
All is quiet . But I do not trust it , and remain ever vigilant . 
picked up Dragon Age : Origins Ultimate Edition today for cheap ! Will play after work . 
wishes he could play Fable 3 , but since there isnt much else besides that and a few other games on there , it does not warrant purchasing another 360 elite yet . Oh well , I will just play Dragon Age I guess . 
is wondering where the hell ththis Tron sneak peek was showing and why he didnt know about it ? Cry * 
is trying to figure out what to do/watch for halloween now . shrug * 
loves Nov 2nd every year . Everyone I see in person is suddenly a politician , and everyone on Facebook suddenly thinks they are magically so knowledgeable about politics and think they are < PROPMALE > Kennedy . 
wants to know why EVERY night he works , the Red Man comes in , hangs around , then leaves . Only to do this 3 more times the same evening ! x.x 
wonders why everyone always starts creaming themselves over every FPS #6342 when they come out . They arent really giving anything new . Like every other franchise . 
is starting to see who his real friends are now . 
is thankful for the people he knows . Thank you very much everyone for all your birthday wishes . :) 
has made it to < PROPFEMALE > early . Sadly , we still have to wait till 12 noon before we catch the Florida flight . 
is with Steppy at Epcot . Touring the different nations . Just finished Japan . Hello < PROPFEMALE > EVERYTHING THERE . 
wants everyone to know that Steppy D'Angelo has posted pictures of our trip and has announced our engagement , now that we are back ! Go look now ! 
thinks it is really sad when people you know were in a bad place at one point and you were there for them . And now that they have achieved a bit of success , they dont even say a word to you and ignore you . I hate people who do this . :/ 
is working today till 11pm Oh well , someone has to do it I guess . 
I see so many people I know that are depressed . I am usually one of them . But , after thinking long and hard , I wouldnt change anything that I have done gone through . The bad times , the bad relationships , etc . I have a great woman now who adores me and I am going to do whatever I can for her . She makes me smile and happy and I will knock out anyone who tries to mess with it or her . <3 you Steppy . 
So the new WoW expansion is out . I could really give 2 shits . However this reminded me of that game Diablo2 that everyone I knew played , yet I didnt . Still havent . SHould I get that or wait for Diablo3 ? Convince me ! 
is up in Maine having a small Xmas with his mom and brother . Ate a good meal out , saw horses , cows , and some chickens . Will be going back sunday morning to get farm fresh eggs for breakfast and then say goodbye to everyone and Neko and head home ! Good times though ! 
knows there is a storm brewing , but he will face it head on like always . 
wants to know what you got for Xmas ! Just curious ! Anyone can respond to this . 
I will not be told where to stand ! \ 
I will not be told what to say . \ 
Not by man or machine , \ 
Not by you , \ 
not by anyone tonight ! \ 
You're gonna have to do better than fear . \ 
You're gonna have to step out of the shadows and fight . \ 
And when they see your face again , \ 
They will know what it means\ 
to have fear dragged out into the light . 
never really cared for Disney , and therefore , never had a favorite character like most do . But , thanks to Steppy D'Angelo , I finally do . And that would be Oswald , < PROPFIRST>'s half brother . Thanks Steppy ! 
Anyone have a copy of Guardian Heroes and a copy of NiGHTS for Sega Saturn they want to sell me asap 
got NiGHTs and Guardian Heroes for Saturn . Now to wait for Legend Of Oasis and my 4in1 cart that will let me save and use imports on it ! SOTN and Radiant Silvergun here I come ! 
is working on his Sega Saturn 
is at work till 11pm . Going to go home after and play some Saturn games ! 
FF13 Part 2 ? \ 
REALLY SQUARE ENIX ? REALLY ? WTF . I wish Square was Square again , and Enix was Enix . I mean I liked X-2 , but this is ridiculous . At least the trailer for Versus looks pretty cool . But then again , that is all we have seen for 3yrs , so I will probably be 84 before it ever comes out . And after 13s letdown I am so wary of FFs now . 
is so SICK of snow . And being the only one to shovel it since , for the past 3 weeks , I have a day off everytime it happens . x.x 
New Spartacus series on Starz looks great . Also saw a preview for a new series called Camelot which also looks promising . Then again I will watch anything with swords , especially if it's < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > related since I love that stuff . 
Nothing bothers me more on here then when I take a moment to ask a question or post on someones wall and they dont even answer it . Like it wasnt even there . If you dont wanna answer me/ wanna pretend you didnt see it , then why are you on my friends list ? 
is off to Assinippi General Store aka work from 3pm to 11pm . Come say hi ! 
needs to start the Inverted castle in Symphony Of The Night when he gets home . 
is off to visit < PROPFIRST > Rengifo aka Metal < PROPFIRST > ! It has been a long time ! 
has gotten back into Shmups ! Thanks goes out to Metal < PROPFIRST > for helping me on this ! Just need Radiant Silvergun and a few others now . Anyone looking to sell any of these let me know ! 
Radiant Silvergun acquired ! 
Know what is worse then people ignoring you and not talking to you ? Having them pretend you do not exist in the first place . People are so fucking flaky it disgusts me . 
is getting his first tattoo ever today ! 
Techno < PROPFIRST > Orbison and Coked Out Strippers . Cause that is how < PROPMALE > and I roll . Ballin ! 
