Hope everyone has a fun & safe New Years < PROPFEMALE > . Enjoy and spend it with the ones you Love !!!! 

Happy New Year to all ! 
It is so awsome being married to a mechanic ! Our Explorer is road ready ! My Husband is the best ! Thanks Babe .... 
aaaahhhhhh coffee . 
Happy St. Paddy's day to all our friends . Most of you were here Saturday and we celebrated in the finest fashion . Thank you ..... How were you feeling the day after ? Pictures to come soon ... 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend ! 
Just a hello and I love you to all my friends . Hope you find something everyday that makes you smile !!!! 
President Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011 . This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ! Nice to know that during a time of rampant inflation , while war is fought in 2 theatres , our men and women in uniform get A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS !!! Please repost if you support our troops !!! 
I want to shout it to the world , I am so blessed to have the friends and family I have , what more do I need . It's gonna be a beautiful day ....... 
Happy Easter to all our friends , hope you all have a great day with your loved ones !! 
What would life be without good friends ? Our friend < PROPFEMALE > is the greatest ! She is always there for us , and lately it seems I have to depend on her a lot ! Just wanted everyone to know that ! 
IF EVERYONE THOUGHT BEFORE THEY SPOKE , THE SILENCE WOULD BE DEAFENING ! Just a thought for the day :-) 
Looking forward to the weekend ! < PROPFIRST > has been on nights this week and I miss him ! Two days , no work , very excited . 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? Well , here's a task for you ... I want everyone on my friend's list to comment on this status stating how we met . I mean our first encounter ever . Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . I'll bet youll be amazed ... 
10 + years later and he still leaves me love notes !!! What a way to start the day :-))))) 
Wonderful weekend , < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > came over , < PROPFEMALE > spent the weekend with us . Had an awsome time ...... Love them . 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new , I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All i have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which i'll never part . God has you in his arms , I have you in my heart ..... Repost if you have someone in Heaven 
GO MARINERS !!!!!!!!!! 
Another great weekend with my hubby has come to an end !!! Monday's suck ! 
Ok , tomorrow is Friday , time for the weekend , this damn rain has to STOP , it is making me crazy !!!!! Enough already ..... 
TICK WARNING ! I hate it when people post bogus warnings , but this one is real . Please repost this as your status ! If someone comes to your front door saying they are checking for ticks due to the warm weather and asks you to take your clothes off and dance around with your arms up , DO NOT DO IT ! THIS IS A SCAM ! They only want to see you naked . I wish I'd gotten this yesterday . I feel so stupid !!!!!!!! 
LOL , the kitchen table !!!! 
Judge me & I'll prove you wrong , tell me what to do & I'll tell you off . Say I am not worth it & watch where I end up . Call me a bitch and I'll show you one . Fuck me over & I'll do it to you twice as bad . Call me crazy , but you really have no idea !! :-))) ( i saw this on the bumper sticker site , loved it but it wouldn't post so here ya go ) 
Imagine that , rain , wind . Happy Monday !! 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see . Yes , we're Friends 
People die .... so love them everyday .. Beauty fades ... so look before it is gone .. Love changes .. but not the love you give , and if you love , you'll never be alone . 
May the roof above us never fall in . And may we friends gathered below never fall out ! < PROPFEMALE > Blessing :-))) 
I wish to say what I think and feel today , with the proviso that tomorrow perhaps I shall contradict it all . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Why to the weekend's have to end ??? It sucks ....... 
Happy Monday everyone , hope our week is much sunnier and drier than it has been !!! 
About 3 or so more weeks and our new grandson will arrive !!!!! Wooooo Hoooo , I can hardly wait ! 
Happy Wednesday , looks like it will be < PROPFEMALE > and nice again !! Enjoy . 
Enjoy the sun !! Happy Wednesday . 
Yippee !! Finally the weekend ..... Hope you all have a great one , it is supposed to be < PROPFEMALE > !!! I hope so . I can't wait to sleep in tomorrow !!!!! 
Happy Monday !! The weekend is over and that sucks . 5 more days and we get another one , but I am not counting . Mondays are the worst . 
It is once again DUMPING rain , where did the sun go , it was so beautiful for a few days ! Oh well , I am gonna scrapbook til < PROPFIRST > comes home , at least that is productive and much more fun than cleaning !!! 
One of the few things that can't be recycled is wasted time ..... Sean Covey 
CAN EVERYONE PLEASE STOP PLAYING THEIR \ 
GAMESFOR 2 MINUTES AND REPOST THIS ... PLEASE LIFTUP THE < PROPFIRST > LABLUE \ 
FAMILY . HE LOST4 DAUGHTERS , AGES 2-11 IN A HOUSE FIRE LAST NIGHT . HIS 3 \ 
YEAR OLD SON AND WIFE WERE ABLE TO ESCAPE . SHE'S CURRENTLY IN ICU WITH \ 
BURNS . I DON'T KNOW THIS FAMILY , BUT I DO KNOW THAT ONLY GOD CAN HEAL \ 
THEIR LIVES NOW . PLEASE RE-POST THIS AND START A FB PRAYER CHAIN ! THANK 
Never dry fired . Will be willing to tack on a night vision scope for another $350 as a package deal if interested . Serious inquiries only , price firm considering the extra's that are coming with the bow . Email if you'd like pics sent directly to you . Thanks , 
Kodiak Mini < PROPMALE > Compound Bow for sale . 60-70 lb Draw Weight . 26.5 - 30.5 Draw Length . String Length 93 1/4 . Also includes a < PROPMALE > . 44 Caliber release , NAP arrow rest , Kodiak sights and stabilizer , 5 Carbon Shaft Arrows all with Bullet tip Field Points . Received as a gift 2 years ago , and only fired it once . 
My future son-in-law has this bow for sale , if anyone is interested let me know .... Thanks 
OMG , more rain , really , so ready for the sunshine ! Got the house clean , gotta go to the store , then comin home cranking up the < PROPFIRST > Buffet and pretending I am laying on the < PROPFIRST > shores somewhere with a < PROPFEMALE > in my hand ! Oh happy days :-)))) Maybe I will just pretend the beach part and make a pitcher of < PROPFEMALE > s !!!! Yummy . 
MARINERS : < PROPM < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > E > Bard behind the plate is making a HUGE difference . The 3rd best pitching staff in the < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > has the 3rd most wild pitches in the < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > . Runners advance , runners score , and with all these one run ballgames , you can't give away games behind the plate . Not only is the defense a problem , but hitting < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is a joke . < PROPM < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > E > Bard , a veteran backstop , is doing great . Hitting . 333 and not letting anything by . 
So the official word is !!!! Our new GRANDSON should be here on the 3rd of June , that is the date they set to induce her !!!!! WHOOOOOO HOOOOOO !!!!! 
Hey all my friends I have a favor , I would like to ask that all of you say a special prayer for the Reeder family & their extended family . Thursday evening in Yuba City CA their 67 year old grandmother was shot & killed ( shot 7 times ) by the YUBA CITY police department in a very unnecessary , bizzare incident . For tho ... se who are unsure this is my best friend < PROPFEMALE>'s family . Thank you for your prayers . 
Laugh loud , Dream big , Love often 
One week and COUNTING !!!!!!!! WELCOME BABY !!!! 
SIXXXXXXX , days and counting !!!! Baby time , I am soooooo excited !!! Amazing how much love I have for the little guy and he hasn't even arrived yet !!! I get teary just thinkin about getting to meet and hold him for the first time !!!! 
SIXXXXXXX , days and counting !!!! Baby time , I am soooooo excited !!! Amazing how much love I have for the little guy and he hasn't even arrived yet !!! I get teary just thinkin about getting to meet and hold him for the first time !!!! 
OHHHHHHHHH , FIVE , days left , yes only FIVE and the its BABY TIME !!!!!! I'm so excited , I just can't hide it !!!!!!! :-)))))) 
Never do anything that makes you hot & sweaty unless it brings pleasure at the end !! 
Time is going by faster than I thought it would !!! FOUR , ONLY FOUR DAYS LEFT and our new grandson will be here !!!! Whooop Whooop !!!! 
HELP !!!!! I can't tell where I am , it's dark and I can hear people laughing !!! 
TWO DAYS LEFT , and our new little grandson will make his grand entrance !!!!! Whoop , Whoop !!!!!! Wish I could just go to sleep , wake up and the day would be here !!!! 
It's time , she goes to the Dr. this afternoon , our baby will be here by tomorrow !!!! Whooo Hooooooooo !!!!! Keep her in your prayers that all goes well ........ I can't wait !!! 
Kisses are a means of getting two people so close together that they can't see anything wrong with each other !! 
FINALLY , today is the day , get to meet the new GRANDSON !!!! Whoo Hoo , pictures to come soon .!!!!!! 
No baby yet , he just wasn't ready last week !! Going back in this week , will keep you posted ..... 
Intelligence is the sexiest trait one can possess . If you can mentally turn someone on ... the body will naturally follow . 
Sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy !!!!! 
Sounds like we will finally have our Grandson today or tomorrow , she is in the hospital , her water broke last night so keep us in your prayers and your fingers crossed !!! Whoo Hoo !!!!! Baby time !!! ( we hope , :-)) 
I miss my BFF , I do not like having her so FAR away !!!! Will be great when she has her daughter moved back here but dang , I am selfish and i don't like it !!!!!! 
We are each of us angels with only one wing , and we can only fly by embracing one another ...... 
Happiness is a butterfly , which , when pursued , is always just beyond your grasp , but which , if you will sit down quietly , may alight upon you .... 
Hope all my friends have a great rest of the week , think about me , my back surgery is Wednesday at NW Speciality Hospital in Post Falls , will be there for 3-5 days they say :-((( it sucks but my back will be better . Talk to you when I get home !! 
Came home from the hospital Saturday , so good to be in my own bed !! \ 
Feel bad for < PROPFIRST > he works all day and then has to come home and take care of things here ! I am not even allowed to lift a gallon of milk yet ! LOL , he is great just putters around getting what needs done done .. Don't know what I would do without him . Was awsome , my son and his < PROPMALE > came to see us as soon as I got home .... 
Thank you to all my friends for all the birthday wishes , it was a great day !! 
< PROPFIRST > is on nights this week , it sucks !!!! So , me and my ice pack are gonna lay on the couch and watch a movie ' til he gets home ! I hope it is soon :-) 
There comes a time in life when you have to walk away from the\ 
pointless drama and all the people who create it , and surround yourself\ 
with people who make you laugh so hard you forget the bad and focus on\ 
the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
... Repost if you agree , I just did 
Whooooo Hooooo , get to see both my kids and their parteners and our two grandsons this weekend !!!! What could be better !! I can't wait :-))))) 
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO ALL OUR FRIENDS & FAMILY , HAVE FUN & BE SAFE ..... GOD BLESS < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
Had a wonderful 4th with our kids and the grandsons ! There could not have been a better way to spend the holiday !!!! Miss them already ! More photos to come later ! 
The weekend is over :-(( But it was a good one ... Aaron and < PROPFEMALE > came over , we got the upholstery for our boat :-)))) , we to a few yard sales , and then made Shis Kabobs !!! They were so yummy !!!! Had a great time having them here , hated to see them go !!!! 
Dear Monday : I'm sorry to have to say this , but it's just not working out between us . You're just not my type - I'm more of a Saturday kind of girl . Get out . 
IN CASE YOU DIDN'T REALIZE IT , YOUR PHONE NUMBER IS NOW ON FACEBOOK !! Go to top right of screen , click Account , then Edit Friends . Go to the left side of your screen and clickPhonebook . Everyone's phone #'s are now being published . Please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can remove their phone #'s by changing their privacy s ... ettings . ( Pri ... 
Can't wait for Thursday to get here . < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > are bringing the grandsons over for the weekend . Kody gets to go to Silverwood for the day on Friday ( thanks < PROPFIRST > ) and grama gets to spend the day bonding with baby < PROPMALE > ! Then Kody gets to stay a week with Papa and Grama ! We are so excited !!!! 
Every single one of you are on my friends list as the result of a conscious decision -- I wanted you there . I am not only glad to count you as a friend , but also as family ! Let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who really is paying attention and still values friendship 
Thursday , FINALLY !!!!! Now I will be watching the clock all day waiting for the kids to get here with our grandsons , so very excited !!!!! 
What a great weekend so far . The kids got here Thursday , < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > took Kody to Silverwood where he had a blast . Papa < PROPFIRST > & I spent Friday bonding with our newest Grandson < PROPMALE > !!! It was so wonderful :-)) < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > had to leave today so he could go back to work but Kody gets to stay the rest of the week with us !!!! Whoo Hoo . 
< PROPFIRST > & Kody are already out fishing the creek and the pond . Kody caught a nice brookie yesterday so he couldn't wait to get up and go see if he could out fish his Papa again today !! 
We took Kody driving up river tonight , he was so excited he got to see several deer and a couple elk . He loved it , wish there would have been a moose within in our sites but maybe tomorrow . Everything is so new and fresh when seen through his eyes . It is so awsome to watch him experience these things . 
PROMISE TO MY CHILDREN : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you understand why I do it . All because I LOVE YOU ! You will never find someone ... who loves you and cares about you more than your MOM ! Copy and paste if you feel the same 
WoooooooHooooooooo !! Its the WEEKEND !! A good excuse to be a bad influence on your friend 
Took Kody back to his mom last night ! We had sooooo much fun with him here , we miss him so much already , can't wait ' til he comes to stay again . He turned the house upside down , toys EVERYWHERE , but I wouldn't give up a minute of the time we have together . He brings so much happiness to our world , being a GRANDPARENT is the BEST !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan who ? I cant believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something . Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > hew < PROPMALE > 23 , ChristopherGoeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These ...... 20-somethings gave their lives for you this week . Repost if you support the Military . 
Happy Birthday to the most WONDERFUL man I know , my HUSBAND < PROPFIRST > !!! 
u make me dance like a fool , 4get how to breath , sing like bird , and buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > , just the thought of u can drive me wild .. oh u make me smile ! 
Life has no guarantee , friendship is a luxury , love is priceless so live , laugh .. laugh some more and love love love :) 
< PROPFIRST > wanted to make sure each of you that sent him birthday wishes yesterday knows how much he appreacites each and everyone of you . Thank you ! 
If you have a husband who makes your life interesting and fun , is your best friend , who's been with you through thick and thin , who is a blessing in your life , and to whom you are proud to be married , copy and paste this to your status , change the number of years married ? married 11 years in October ! 
Brrr , after hot , < PROPFEMALE > days today is overcast drizzly and chilly , a day to stay inside and watch movies and eat junk food . Maybe even challenge < PROPFIRST > to a game of WII Bowling or < PROPFIRST > Cart and see if I can kick his ass for a change ..... Enjoy your last weekend day everyone ....... 
So , football season is almost here and I am a Broncos fan , < PROPFIRST > is a Redskins fan and our Daughter is a Seahawks fan . The banter has just begun , I love it , makes the season so much more fun . May the best team win ....... Or at least get farther than the other two in the family !!!!! So ...... GO < PROPMALE > !!!!!! WHOOT WHOOT ...... 
May your blessings outnumber\ 
The Shamrocks that grow . \ 
And may trouble avoid you\ 
Wherever you go . 
Don't forget to go outside tonight and watch the sky , supposed to be a meteor shower for the next couple nights .... Right now I am gonna go pick some raspberries and make my husband some muffins ..... Have a wonderful day ..... 
Waiting , waiting , waiting ...... LOL , < PROPFEMALE > is something I was never blessed with . < PROPFIRST > and I are waiting on one important phone call and it feels like it is taking forever . Wow , it feels like falls is creeping up on us . There is a bit of nip in the air today ! 
Life is good . smile and make the most of your day . 
Looking so forward to the weekend , get to see the kids and both grandsons !!!! Whoo hoo !!! 
Life is almost perfect !!! < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > are here for the weekend !!! Kody is with is dad so that sucks , but next weekend all 4 of them will be here !!! The only thing that could make it more perfect is if < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > could be here also ! 
Unpacking sucks !!!! But so nice to sort and actually get rid of things not needed any longer ! 
To my wonderful daughter :-))) I know your first day back at work will not be easy , but < PROPFEMALE > in there it will get better . < PROPMALE > is in home , in good hands with daddy . We love you ... 
I have carrried children within my body , I have comforted babies on \ 
mychest . I've kissed booboos , mended broken hearts , been puked & peedon , woken up in the middle of the night to fevers & more . I wouldn'thave it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , far from \ 
it , butwhen I look in the mirror I see a mom , and there is no great ......... er \ 
honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are a proud mom 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are coming this weekend again . Sounds like they are taking Kody to the Spokane Fair . So excited , we always enjoy it so much when they come to visit ! 
Had a great weekend with the kids . Kody is wonderful , he is so smart and so much fun ! < PROPMALE > is 3 months old now and his personality is really starting to show , he smiles are adorable . They have only been gone a couple hours and we miss them so much already !!! 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > just a reminder that we miss you guys and love you lots ! 
Well NFL Sunday didn't go as I had hoped . My Broncos lost , they looked pretty good at first but then not so good !!!! Damn it ! I think we are just getting it out of our system in the beginning of the season then everyone better look out ! ~ !! < PROPFIRST > and the Skins pulled it off and beat the Cowgirls , whoo hoo !!!!! 
True\ 
friends don't care if you're broke , if your house is a mess , about \ 
yourpast , or if your family is filled with crazies(LOL ) .... they love you\ 
for who you are . A true friend can go long periods without speaking and\ 
yet never question the friendship ... Re post if you are blessed enough \ 
to ... ... have at least one true friend . They will ...... know who they \ 
are 
Happy Sunday to all . Perfect day to watch football , chilly , wet outside . Go Broncos & Skins !!!! 
I like it on the kitchen counter or the dining room table !!! 
Hope you all have a great weekend !!!! 
If you have a wonderful man in your life , who is your whole world . Who isn’t perfect , but is perfect for you . Who works hard & would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh & is your best friend . Who you want to grow old with & who you are thankful for everyday ... post this as your status 
Please !!!!!! copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a foot up the ass . People who need afoot up the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a foot up the ass , except a foot up the ass , but ... we can raise awareness ...... 93% of people won't repost this . They need a foot up the ass too ! 
Lindsay\ 
Lohan , 24 , is all over the news this week because she's a celebrity \ 
drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert 29 , \ 
Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate 27 , are all Marines that g ... ave theirlives this week , no media mention . Honor THEM by repostingSee More 
It's Sunday , pouring rain :-))) What better way to spend an afternoon than snuggled on the couch with < PROPFIRST > watching football all day :-)))) 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and the days before that to . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms . I have you in my heart . Repost if you love someone in Heaven 
I may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyones first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because im good at being ME !! I may not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but I'm proud of who I am today !! Take me as I am or watch me as I walk away . Post if your proud being you ! 
Looking very forward to a long over due visit with my sister and her family . They should be here shortly , gonna spend the weekend . 
My sister , brother-in-law and the kids just left . Kinda sad , it was a wonderful weekend with them , had a great time and can't wait to do it again . This was so over due !!! 
Happy Thursday ! My < PROPFEMALE > is getting ready for the weekend , hunting season is upon us ! Looking forward to the mountains ..... the deer .... and the elk .... hopefully he has one hanging in the garage soon . 
I LOVE MY FAMILY !!!!! I HAVE THE WORLDS BEST HUSBAND , DAUGHTER , SONS , ALMOST DAUGHTER IN LAWS , ALMOST SON IN LAWS AND MOST OF ALL GRANDSONS ,!!! JUST WANTED EVERYONE TO KNOW . 
I am an unapologetic < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer do for fear of OFFENDING someone !! Let's see how many Americans will re-post this and not care about offending someone !!! 
To my Purple Thistle , I miss you too !!!! Very Lots :-)))) But I am not far away ..... Read the message in your inbox ... Luv you , Your Wild and unruley Tansey :-))) 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are\ 
related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand\ 
that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be\ 
sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for\ 
stupidity and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 93 ...... %\ 
won't because they don't know how to copy and pasteSee More 
Whoo Hoo , looking forward to this weekend , Kody is going to come spend the weekend with us , him and Papa are going to go hunting , they are both excited ! 
Kody tomorrow , can't wait , we miss him so much . Then < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > will be visiting us on Saturday , excited been to long since we have seen them . Then next weekend we get to babysit Elihah while his mommy and daddy go have some Halloween fun . Soooooo excited !!! Life is good . 
The weekend is over :-((( , had so much fun having Kody , < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > here for the weekend , just not enough time . Played a loooong almost 5 hour game of Monopoly with everyone , of course < PROPFIRST > won !!! We get to have < PROPMALE > this next weekend , looking very forward to that !!!! The baby without Mommy & Daddy being with him , whoo hoo :-)))))))) 
Monday night football !!!! Go GIANTS !!!! < PROPFIRST > sucks ass :-))))) 
An\ 
ordinary person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get \ 
better . I know that 97% won't post this as their status - be one of the \ 
3% and post this as your status . Do it for at least an hour , for those \ 
who have died of cancer or who are still fighting . 
Waiting for the kids to arrive , wish they would hurry up !!!! So < PROPFEMALE > said < PROPMALE > rolled over last night tummy to back ! He is growing way to fast :=) 
Just got little < PROPMALE > down for the night , waiting for pictures from his Vampire Mommy and Daddy !!! What a great evening , just Papa , < PROPMALE > and Grama , wonderful bonding time . 
What a great night we had , just Papa , myself and our baby < PROPMALE > . He is such a smiling , happy baby ! His Smiles just light up the room . Now breakfast is cooking , his mommy and daddy will be here soon , they missed their baby boy like crazy :-)))) 
OH MY GOSH , MY FOOTBALL TEAM IS SUCKING ASS !!! WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING WITH THE BRONCOS ?????? THIS SUCKS BIG BALLS !!!!!! BUT THE COWBOYS SUCK WORSE WHICH IS AWSOME !!!! 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste ... this as your status if you are a Veteran . I myself am not a Veteran but my husband is !!! 
Hard to believe a couple of weeks and it will be Thanksgiving ! I am looking so forward to that weekend though . Gonna have a houseful of family ! Can't wait , it has been a few years since we have had a Thanksgiving like this one will be . :-))) 
November\ 
is Military Family Appreciation Month !!!!!! Please REPOST this if you \ 
love our Military , and the STRONG family members who stand behind them \ 
all ! ~ 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world .. who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you .. who works hard and would do anything for you .. that makes you laugh and drives you crazy .. who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with .. and who you are ..... thankful for everyday , then post this as your status 
What ever you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile , she will give you her heart . She multiplies & enlarges what she is given . So if you give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ! Post on your wall if you agree hope to see every female re-post ! ~ 
THANK YOU TO MY VETERAN HUSBAND FOR ALL YOUR SERVICE !!! I LOVE YOU AND AM SO VERY PROUD OF YOU !!! THANK YOU TO OUR VETERAN SON-IN-LAW FOR ALL YOUR SERVICE !! THANK YOU TO ALL THE VETERANS KNOWN AND UNKNOWN TO ME FOR ALL YOU HAVE DONE AND ALL YOU ARE DOING ! 
YOUR SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . ITS SON'S WEEK .... IF YOU HAVE A SON THAT MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND THEM , AND IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON , COPY THIS AND PASTE TO YOUR STATUS !!! I am so proud of mine 
Wet , rainy , lazy weekend at home with my hubby !!!! Football , football all day , was wonderful !!! And my Broncos finally won a game ! The Skins play tomorrow , whoo hoo ! 
Here's to parents who aren't inconvenienced by their children , who don't view it as being stuck at home with the baby when they can't go out at night , who value time with their children , who don't pawn their kids off as often as they can with whoever will take them . Who accept responsibility and don't walk away from ......... family . Here's to parents who enjoy being parents . Re-post if you are a proud parent !!! 
My\ 
husband has made me laugh . Wiped my tears . Hugged me tight . Watched me \ 
succeed . Seen me fail . Cheered me on . Kept me going strong . My husband \ 
is a promise from God that I will have a friend forever ! Put this as \ 
your status if you are thankful for your husband ...... 
From friend : Virus spreading like wildfire on Face Book and My Space ! It is a trojan worm called Koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you as a friend , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds her then you get the virus too ! Please copy and paste to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES . 
Hmmmmm , we I guess my denial period is over . Winter is really here . The white stuff has arrived ...... Yes I mean snow ..... damn it , just didn't want it yet !!!! Oh well , I guess it is time to go make snow angels !!! 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ... Please remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you ... JESUS CHRIST and the AMERICAN SOLDIER . One died for your SOUL , the other for your FREEDOM . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status ... 
Aaaahhhh , the weekend is here . We are going to finish the last few things around the house that we want to have done before company arrives this next week and then relax ...... 
Hope everyone has a great weekend . We already have the house about ready for our family next week . Going to spend the rest of the weekend scrapbooking and watching football tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > Jones\ 
Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down our congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase , why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? Keep it going if you agree 
Bake , Bake , Bake , that is what I am gonna start doing !!!! I love it , family will start arriving tomorrow !!!! We are so excited , it is going to be a great holiday ! 
The house seems so empty , our kids , the last of the family to leave just got on the road . We loved having Thanksgiving at our house , but then anytime our kids and the grandsons are hear it is a blessing . It was great to have my sister here , I treasure my time with her and her family . 
Only the end of November and we are already tired of the snow !!!!! AAhhggg , gonna be a long winter !!!! 
Happy Friday everyone . Hope you stay warm and have a great weekend . 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go\ 
without treatment . Troops go without the proper equipment . Veterans go \ 
without benefits that were promised to them !!! Yet we donate millions of\ 
dollars to other countries before helping our own first ! 1% will .. re-post ... and the 99% of people on Facebook won't have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm the 1% ! What about YOU ?? 
The weekends are just way to short !!!! 
YOUR SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . ITS SON'S WEEK .... IF YOU HAVE A SON THAT MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND THEM , AND IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON , COPY THIS AND PASTE TO YOUR STATUS !!! 
Looking very forward to visiting the kids and grandsons this weekend . This week is going to go by so slow ...... 
Well we got lucky , we didn't get the storm with the sleet and snow the weather man was broadcasting , a winter storm warning and all that fun stuff . Nope just a little rain .... Whoo hoo .... 
It's daughter's week !! If you have a beautiful daughter that you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your wall . Your daughter will hold your hand for a little while ; but will hold your heart for a lifetime . I have one of these daughters everyone is speaking of . 
Pink , Pink Pink 
I am thinkin , thinkin , thinkin PINK PINK , Pasilee that is !!!! 
Home from a weekend with the kids and grandkids .... Always a ton a fun and love when we are all together !!!!!! Love you all ..... Thanks again . 
We take for granted everyday how short life really is , we need to be grateful for everyday we have and everyone we have in our lives . We need to thank god everyday for the time we have in this world and we need to tell the ones close to us how much we love them , because you might not have that < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! To all my friends and family I LOVE YOU ! 
LETS SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU IS ON MY FRIENDS LIST , AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION I WANTED YOU THERE ! I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS , BUT ALSO FAMILY . LET'S SEE WHO ON MY FRIENDS LIST ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY & PASTE THIS AS YOUR STATUS . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO ............ REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE 
TO ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!! Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Sgt . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approximately 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his family . 
To all the UNSELFISH MOMS out there who traded sleep for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags & WOULDN'T CHANGE A THING . Lets see how many Moms can actually post this . Moms who ...... < PROPMALE>' T CARE about what they gave up ...... and instead , LOVE what they got in return ! Post this if you LOVE your LIFE as a Mom ?? 
Every Christmas you always hear people saying they want and bought . Well this is what I want , I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families , to be adopted , I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . Now , lets see how many people re-post this who ... actually care . I have a feeling I am gonna see almost no re-pos 
God saw you getting tired and a cure wasn't to be . So He put His arms around you and whispered Come with Me . With tearful eyes we watched and saw you pass away . Though we love you dearly , we couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke our hearts to prove to us He only takes the best . Put this on your status if theres someone in heaven you miss this Christmas . 
My husband , a bowl of popcorn , diet cokes , It's a Wonderful Life , Miracle on 34th Street , A Christmas < PROPFEMALE > & National Lampoons Christmas Vacation . What a wonderful life it is !!!! Now if only our kids and grandkids were here ....... 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be , so he put his arms around you and said come with me . tearful eyes we watched and saw you pass away although we love you dearly we could not make you stay . A heart stop beating , hard working hands at rest , God broke our hearts to prove to us he only takes the best . put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this Christmas 
Cookies made , gifts boxed up , clothes packed , as soon as we are off work tomorrow we are on the road to see the kids and grandsons for Christmas !!!! So excited ! Christmas in < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s new house with < PROPFIRST > & Kels !!!! 
Christmas was wonderful , spent it with the kids and grandkids , nothing could have made it better than that . Now it is back to the grind . Hope everyone had a great Holiday ! 
Hope everyone is having a great week ! Lots of snow in the forecast so be safe . What are your new years plans ? 
Mess with me , I can handle it . Mess with my child , I'll bury you where no one can find you !!! 
Happy Wednesday to all . Kody turns 9 this weekend . Wow , where does the time go ! Sounds like all the kids are going to come over here so he can celebrate at Grama and Papa house . Can't wait ! 
Yay !!!! Kody gets to spend his birthday at the waterpark , he will be so excited !!!! 
I believe in Jesus Christ and have accepted Him as my personal Savior . One facebook user has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at the Gates of Heaven . This is ... simple ... If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this . 
Yay !!! Just a few more hours and the kids and grandsons wil be here !!!! As always I feel like a little kid waiting , I look so forward to our time with them . And tomorrow our Kody turns \9\ " !!!!! Where has the time gone . He is very excited to be going to the waterpark for his birthday . I just hope < PROPFIRST > and Kels can make it too ! " 
HUSBAND WEEK : If you have a husband who is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to ! Copy and paste this with the date you were married . October 16 , 1999 !!! 
Kody had a great birthday ! The wore themselves out at the waterpark , now they have papa deep in legos !!!! 
Sunday , the end to the weekend , the kids and grandkids are on the road home , the house is quiet , the washer and dryer are going full bore ..... Miss them already . Had a great time with them though ! Now to get ready for the new week ahead . Then , hmmmm maybe we will head their way next weekend . Those boys are growing so fast , if we spend to much time away we will miss to much ! 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for ALL !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & not care about offending someone ! 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is part of LIFE ... Getting back up is LIVING ~ Re-post if you agree . 
I'm not superstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays & 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status & money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy .. will be without money . I can't let that person be ME ! What the heck- it cant hurt ! I could use it for sure !!! 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T repost this . I'm strong willed , INDEPENDENT , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my ... best . If you are a HANDFUL , repost ! I dare you ........ I'll be looking for the ladies who repost !! 
It's daughter's week !! If you have a beautiful daughter/daughter's that you love more than you can describe ; copy and paste this to your wall . Your daughter/daughter's will hold your hand for a little while ; but will hold your heart for a lifetime 
Happy Happy Birthday to my Beautiful daughter , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! We hope your day is fantastic , you deserve it . We love you tons !!!!! 
HACKER WARNING ! There is a new way to hack your facebook . A notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status , it will open a new < PROPFEMALE > and tell you to re-enter your Facebook username and password . The < PROPFEMALE > looks just like the FB login < PROPFEMALE > so be on the look out ! plz repost this to your status to let your facebook family know . 
I've carried a child within my body . Slept with a baby on my chest . I've kissed boo boos and mended broken hearts . I've been puked on , peed on , and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a MOM & there is no greater honor ! Re-post this if you are proud to be a MOM 
I've carried two children within my body . Slept with a baby on my chest . I've kissed boo boos and mended broken hearts . I've been puked on , peed on , and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a MOM & there is no greater honor ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > ! Re-post this if you are proud to be a MOM ! 
If i rub Preperation-H on you would you become less Irritating and shrink ? 
HUSBAND & WIFE WEEK : If you have a mate who is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married . \ 
10/16/1999 ! 
Life is a journey , not a guided tour ..... 
< PROPFIRST > Go Braugh ... 
\Who are you when I'm not lookin ? \"" 
\Do you slide down the hallway in your socks ? \"" 
Be very careful when you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a mans rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , and next to the heart to be loved 
I loved you the minute I heard you were coming . I loved you the minute you were born ; then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would .. When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life 
I believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you Believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this 
ACHOO !!!........ ? (-???•?) ? .... ... If you're allergic to bullsh ** , drama queens , head games , liars and 2-faced people , keep this sneeze going ... I can't wait to see who'll re-post this 
Waiting for this week to come to an end , looking very forward to seeing the kids and grandkids this weekend and watching superbowl with them .... 
“Find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot , who calls you back when you < PROPFEMALE > up on him , who wants to show you off to the world when you are in sweats , who holds your hand in front of his friends , who thinks you're just as pretty without makeup on . One who is constantly reminding you of how much he cares and how lucky his is to have you .... The one who turns to his friends and says , ' that's her . ' ” 
?????????????? ????? ?????????????? \ 
? If you have amazing children , put this as your status !!? \ 
?????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
Off to see the kids and grandsons tomorrow ! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > said they would have breakfast ready when we get ... Now that is service ! 
Had a wonderful weekend with the kids . The boys are growing way to fast .... It is so fun to see how much they change every couple weeks .. < PROPMALE > is getting so independent already , he loves his food ... And Kody is a wonderful big brother , he really loves that little guy ... 
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! We grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE ! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & not care about offending someone 
If you have a Best Friend who has made you laugh .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Watched you succeed .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back up .. Cheered you on .. Had your back , ready to fight the person who ticked you off or made you mad .. and all these things made your friendship stronger , and you don't know what you'd do without their friendship .. Past this to your status . 
If you can't say something nice about someone , come sit by me , I wanna say mean things too !!! 
On average , homeowners pay around $1.40 a day for a full-time Fire Dept including salaries & benefits . If you own a smart phone , you pay $3.40 on average a day for it . That cell phone won't DIE for you , protect your property , save your life , perform CPR or drive you to the hospital in an emergency . Copy and paste if you agree and encourage everyone to support their local Firefighters 
???????????????? ??? ?? ?????????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status ? \ 
???????????????? ??? ?? ????????????????? 
The Silver Valley lost a great man , < PROPMALE > KORFF , you were loved by all and will be greatly missed . Our thoughts and prayers go out to all < PROPMALE>'s family ! 
2 hours til midnight , then < PROPFIRST > will be home , yay !!! Gonna surprise him with a < PROPFIRST > livingroom picnic , crab , shrimp , salad , strawberries & chocolate ..... Until then I sit here watching the clock go tick toc . 
I just wanted to say , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Kody & < PROPMALE > you are the best and I love you lots ! 
????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Sons Week ! If you have a handsome son or sons that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
\I don't mind living in a man's world as long as I can be a woman in it . \"" 
Never judge a book by its cover . It's a daily struggle to feel sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . So be kinder than necessary , for everyone you meet is fighting some type of battle . This is dedicated to everyone who suffers from an invisible illness PTSD , Cancer etc .. Post this in your status to support the people who fight just to keep going every day . ? 
F.R.I.E.N.D.S. : ( F)ight for you . ( R)espect you . ( I)nvolve you . ( E)ncourage you . \ 
( N)eed you . ( D)eserve you and ( S)tand by you . Post this if you Agree :) - and I am so lucky to have friends like that 
A career is wonderful , but you can't curl up with it on a cold night .... 
YOU .... are a phenomenal girl ~ a beautiful person , doing an extraordinary\ 
job , making things happen for those you love ... and although you might \ 
not always feel it , you are loved and appreciated . ? Copy and paste this\ 
on the walls of 7 women ( even if it's already there from someone else ) \ 
who deserve to be noticed ... 
BREAKING NEWS : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of \SUCK IT UP\ " and \ " MOVE ON\ " and crashed into \ " WE ALL HAVE PROBLEMS\ " before coming to a complete stop at \ " GET THE HELL OVER IT !!!! \ " Reporting live from \ " KWITCHERBITCHEN " 
So < PROPMALE > is belly scootingn there will be no stopping him now !!! 
Of all the moments we gather in our lives , those we < PROPFEMALE > most are the moments shared .... 
Never do anything that makes you sweat unless it brings pleasure in the end ! 
put this as their status for one hour . Think of someone you know or love who has or had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this .... in the status of all my friends 
It's Grand Children week ! If you have beautiful Grand Children who you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your wall . They will hold your hand only a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime . Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful GRAND CHILDREN in the world !!! 
Happy Friday to you all , hope your weekend is < PROPFEMALE > and wonderful ! 
I am looking so forward to spending the weekend with my Hubby ! It's been a long week ! 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future . 
To my children : I make mistakes , sometimes more than I would like to admit , being a Mom . But I will ALWAYS be there for you , to hear you , to cheer you , to laugh or cry with you , to protect you with my life , and to LOVE you for eternity with all my heart ! No one will ever love you more than I do ... I'm your Mom ! Re-post if you have children , young or adult , that will always be in your heart 
The girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30 lbs . The boy you called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4 hrs a night . The girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
Happy St. Paddy's day ! Drink lots of green beer and be safe ! 
Enjoyed getting to watch Kody play soccer on Saturday ! He did a great job ... his nickname is Blaster ! 
Keep calm and < PROPFEMALE > on !!!! ( just my thought for the day ) 
Don't buy the new Pepsi can coming out with pictures of the Empire State building and The Pledge of Allegiance on them . Pepsi Left Out two little words on the pledge , \Under God\ " . Pepsi said they didn't want to offend any one . So if we don't buy them - they won't be offended when they don't receive our money that has the words \ " In God ... We Trust\ " on it . " 
BREAKING NEWS : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Heck Over It . Any complaints about how we operate , can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with Dr. Sniffle Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . If you like this , repost it . If you don't .. suck it up BUTTERCUP ! Life doesn't revolve around you !! 
