wants to wish everyone a very safe and happy new year ! 

considers day 1 of 2011 a success ! I had a great day with my boys ! 
Who Dat baaaabay ! 
is waitin on my little man to wake up and see what the easter < PROPFEMALE > brought him ! 
is trying to pull herself out of this funk . Thank goodness for my little boy or I'd be a nut case . Nothing like the bond between mother and child . 
has a busy day ahead of her ! Classes , meetings , homework .... too much to do ! 
is very lucky to have such a hard working , supportive , loving , good man . He is so great to me and my beautiful baby boy . Hes by far the best hubby and father I could have ever asked for . I love you booski ! Forever and ever bae ! 
is at home hanging out with her two amazing boys ! 
registered for 18 hours for the fall semester . I might be crazy for doing so . 
is not in a good place mentally today . I need a vacation or something . Im afraid my absent mindedness is going to get worse . Ugh . 
is cleaning while Cam naps . Can't wait for my love to get off of work and come home ! 
is a mess today . 
is feeling better since my love is home . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! 
is at the SRLC with my love supporting < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! French Quarter fest later ! 
had a great day ! Home now with my two favorite people ! 
is at the inlaws house with my two boys playin outside ! Its such a beautiful day ! 
is about to sit through her most boring class . Mr. Georgeio is a sweet little Greek man , but Geology just bores me . How do you make rocks fun ?! 
is hanging out with my WONDERFUL mother in law drinking a beer and watching < PROPFIRST > play in the pool ! Got my feet in coolin off . :) 
had a GREAT day with my little boy ! Hanging out with my loves now ready to relax ! 
is laughin my butt off at < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > this morning . Gotta love those guys ! 
wishes her little man would get better ! My poor baby woke up with poop covering his bed , blanket , back , hair , and pillow . Got a bath first thing . 
Give me < PROPFEMALE > or give me death . 
is stuck in stupid traffic . 
feels like her head is going to explode ! Dont know how much more stress I can take ! 
had a looong day . Have to stay up late and study for my geo test in the morning . 
is sick from stress . Cant eat , cant sleep , constant headache ... ugh . 
is severly disappointed in herself for stupid decisions shes made this year . I dont even know who I am sometimes . Things are going to change .. starting now . 
is enjoying this beautiful day with my two AMAZING boys ! I love my little family so much ! 
is finally going to start her final paper . America : Land of the Free ? 
is way to freaking stressed with finals . . . and the demands of her life in general . Why cant existance be a bit more simplistic ? 
doesnt know what she would do without her boys ! I love them oh so much ! 
Life's not about waiting for the rainbow to appear . Its about learning to dance in the rain . <3 
... boiled crawfish , an onion mum , < PROPMALE > light and my bae . <3 
has her math final today at 10 . Bleh . 
had a really rough day . 
is stupid annoyed right now . Ugh . Going to bed . 
is beyond pissed . Fuck the bullshit . 
is wishing a very Happy Mothers day to all her friends with little ones ! Nothings more rewarding than being a mom ! 
is taking her little sweetie to the park to play ! 
is at the mother in laws house outside playing with < PROPFIRST > in his pool . Such a beautiful day ! BTW I have the best mom in law EVERRR ! 
had a great day with her little man but is constantly seriously stressin in the back of my mind . Bleh . Thank goodness for the simple happy things in life . 
is drained . < PROPFIRST > and I played hard today ! Had a blast but Im payin for it now . 
is hanging out with her boys at home ! LOVE THEM ! I have the greatest goofy little family ! :) 
is extremely aggervated with her vision . My eye doctor dialated my right eye so it could heal and it lasts 8 hours . Bleh . 
loves her two boys with everything that she has ! Couldnt imagine life without them ! They complete me . <3 I have so much to be thankful for . 
at the inlaws playing outside with my lil man in his pool ! 
had a good time with my bae last night at The Bar ! Relaxing today with my boys ! LOVE SUNDAYS ! 
loves seeing her two boys together . They`re sitting on the sofa all cuddled up watching blues clues , eating bananas , and drinking chocolate milk . <3 Think I`ll join them . :) 
is headed to the inlaws to have some fun in the sun with my little man ! Hes so cute in his little swim suit ! :) 
has eaten waaaay too much pizza this past week . Damn you papa johns . 
cookin some crab and crawfish etouffee for tonight ! Yummy ! 
so both my boys are fast asleep and Im drained , but I suppose I drank too much coffee because my mind is racing . Some wine and a hot bath should do the trick ! 
Today may not have gone exactly the way we wanted it to , and I may have been feeling like crap all day , but we spent the day together . Any day spent with my two boys is a wonderful day . Im so blessed to have such an amazing hubz and a gorgeous , sweet little boy . They`re my best friends ... my whole world . I love them oh so much ! <3 
Migraine . Ugh . I told < PROPFIRST > mommy's head hurts and he kiss my forehead and said no more bobo . Lol . I wish it was that simple . I love my lil man ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s new slide came in ! yay ! 
Laugh if ya want to , really is kinda funny , cuz the world is a car and you're the crash test dummy ! 
< PROPFIRST > refuses to take a nap . BLAH . 
just got my new cell phone in ! 
hates this yucky weather ! Brought Cams new slide inside hoping he wears himself out so he'll take a nap today . I'm one drained momma . Insomnia is a btch . 
had a wonderful weekend with her boys ! I'm so glad the house is coming along so well now . I'm loving the green we went with for < PROPFIRST>'s room and the red in our bedroom ! So happy to have a house full of color after being in this drab , white-walled apartment for two years ! 
Gotta crawl before you walk , walk before you run , start with what you have , work it until your done . Can't sit around and wait for an opportunity to come , you need to take action , gotta make it happen ! Want change ? MAKE change ! Your the soul controller , if you don't you'll never get better , you just get older . 
is driving herself crazy . 
just got back from the park with < PROPFIRST > . Its hot ! 
is taking it one day at a time . 
is spending this beautiful morning with her adorable lil boy and her wonderful mom in law playing outside in Cam's pool ! 
has come to the conclusion that my mother and I will never see eye to eye and that she is just impossible to get along with . Why is it that I feel like the mother and she a 13 year old girl . She cant just talk things out like an adult . 
.... freaking hiccups .... ugh . 
Oh the joys of the terrible twos ! 
... turkey burgers and spinach salad ... yuuuumy ! 
is spending the morning at the greatest in laws ever again this morning ! They're more family to me than most of my own . Had a good night thanks to my babe and feeling refreshed and ready to play with my angel ! 
is cooking a big breakfast for her boys ! 
had a wonderful time at the New Orleans tomato/seafood/cajun zydeco fests today ! Great music , great food , great company ! 
... crab and corn bisque for supper ... yuuuumy ! 
saw < PROPFIRST > Hopkins's doppleganger today . 
just baked a frozen pizza with the cardboard still on the bottom of it . Managed to save it but ugh . This is what sleep deprivaton does to me . 
In addition to the pizza fiasco last night , I managed to bang my < PROPFEMALE > and hit my head twice , put the bread in the fridge , searched for my keys a good five minutes before I realized they were in my hand , and put Cams shoes on the wrong feet all in one day . 
hates this heat . I think < PROPMALE > has got the right idea with this Norway thing . 
has three reasons to celebrate Sunday ! Its Father's day , my birthday , and < PROPMALE > got some amazing news about a potentially life channging opportunity ! 
' s wonderful hubby , amazing little boy , and beautiful mother in law are her best , closest friends and she wouldn't have it any other way ! I love them so much ! 
Happy Father's Day to all the hard working , loving daddys out there ! And Happy Birthday to me ! Today is going to be fabulous ! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! I had a fantastic day with my boys and a wonderful night out in the city with my love ! Heading home in a lil bit cuz this old lady is tired ! Lol . Looking forward to my day with the lil man tomorrow ! 
isn't all here today . I think my brain is still in bed . 
is at the wonderful mother-in-laws with the little one playing by the pool ! =) Love them oh so much ! 
has been feeling like complete crap since she woke up . ugh . I've been ready to go back to bed since I opened my eyes . So ready for 9 already . 
really just wants to go to bed . =( 
feels like shes drowning and no matter how hard she tries she cant get up for air . Thanks god i have my son to keep me together . 
One day at a time -- this is \ 
enough . Do not look back and grieve over the past for it is gone ; and do\ 
not be troubled about the future , for it has not yet come . Live in the \ 
present , and make it so beautiful it will be worth remembering . 
is playing at the park with < PROPFIRST > letting Daddy sleep in since he had such a late night at work . 
had a great day with her little man ! What was even better was talking to my < PROPFEMALE > Keiser , and a suprise visit from my < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!! I love you < PROPFEMALE > , always ! And < PROPFIRST > I'm so happy you FINALLY got to see < PROPFIRST > ! Can't wait until you move back ! 
I'm just thankful that I opened my eyes early this morning , stretchin and yawnin , Preparing for the daily , Challenges will surely arise but I wont sweat em , I just tackle them all one at a time and then forget em , Cuz im focused on whats happening next wont let em hold me , cuz time is of the essence and my lifes my one and only 
I am a parent , cook , housekeeper , teacher , nurse , handy man , maid , \ 
referee , security , coordinator , supervisor , manager , secretary , \ 
nutritionist , caretaker , personal assistant , life coach , bookkeeper , \ 
laundry maid , taxi driver and a motivational speaker . I don't get \ 
holiday pay , sick pay , or days off . I am on call 24 hrs a day , 7 days\ 
a week . Now tell me YOUR job is harder than mine . Post this if you're a\ 
MOM ! 
wishes my hyper son would take a nap . 
can't sleep . Blah ! 
is not going to let an asshole ruin my day with my son . He's the only person I need in my life . Period . 
is done with childish BS and isn't puttin up with it anymore . I deserve to be treated with nothing but respect . 
thanks to my little boy , my awesome sister , and a friendly man at the Shell , I'm feeling much better , and liberated . 
had a great day with her two boys and the inlaws ! Love my lil family ! 
One day at a time -- this is enough . Do not \ 
look back and grieve over the past for it is gone ; and do not be \ 
troubled about the future , for it has not yet come . Live in the present , \ 
and make it so beautiful it will be worth remembering . 
is at the beautiful mother-in-laws with her < PROPFEMALE > enjoying this gorgeous day ! Love them oh so much ! <3 
is getting dressed and bringing her little man to the park , then home to clean and play some more then < PROPMALE>'s grad party later with my boys . Busy day ! 
is fed up . I NEED MY AC FIXED YESTERDAY ! 
needs a freaking break from this kid ... from everything ... NOW . 
My wonderful mother in law came to visit and brought me a daiquiri ! Love her ! 
is hanging out with < PROPFIRST > at the inlaws ! Such a beautiful day ! 
had a long but good day . Little man wore me out . Time to cuddle up with my hubz . :) 
is putting the lil man to bed then my man is cooking us up some steaks and sweet potatoes and Ima fix me a big glass of wine . Bliss . 
\And all I really wanna know is where'd all the good people go ? \"" 
is at the inlaws with my boys playin outside enjoying this beautiful day ! Love my lil fam ! 
is making some pancakes for the little man , then getting us dressed and headin to the inlaws for a day of fun in the sun ! Love my boy and my amazing mom inlaw ! 
wishes life were a bit more simplistic . I've got a bad feeling ... 
is sick and tired . bleh . too much stress ..... 
is playing at the park with my little man . Love him so much . He has no idea how happy he makes his momma ! 
needs a job like yesterday . Anyone know of anything ? 
is about to make some banana pancakes for me and my little man , then it's off to the park ! Love my little angel ! He completes me . <3 
loves caffine . 
is going to The Bar to rock out to some Omean . 
Omean was amazing last night . I really needed a night out to just close my eyes , feel the music , and dance my booty off ! 
hopes today brings good news . If all goes well the future will be a brighter one . 
just went jogging with her lil man in the stroller and worked out some more when we got home and I feel great ! 
just finished working out and feels fabulous ! Also got a lot accomplished in the house today ! 
woke up extremely sore . All the working out I've done this past week finally caught up with me ! But it's all good , because that just means its working ! =) 
is going to enjoy this beautiful Sunday with her two boys ! I love my little family ! <3 
is having a hard time keeping up with her little man today ! He's so full of energy and I'm so sore and sleepy ! I hope he naps today . 
strained her hamstring during her morning workout and the pain has only gotten worse over the course of the day from chasing her hyperactive toddler around . Ugh . So ready for his bed time so I can rest . 
is totally worn out . I'm putting the little man to bed in a few , then having a glass of merlot , then its off to bed for me as well . Heading to UNO in the morning for a few last minute thing . The fall semester starts in two weeks ! 
\None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free . \ " - Johann Wolfgang < PROPMALE > Goethe " 
“You\ 
must live in the present , launch yourself on every wave , find your \ 
eternity in each moment . Fools stand on their island opportunities and \ 
look toward another land . There is no other land , there is no other life\ 
but this . ” 
feels as if she's lost herself through all this stress . I must remember that I percieve , define , and react to what is happening . I need to stay true to who I am and what I believe or I shall remain lost . Life is too short to sweat the small stuff , and I am fortunate to have the things and people I do . 
School starts in a little over a week and I'm pretty much a shoe in for the tutoring position I applied for ! yay ! Let's just hope I balance school , a job , and family well ! I've been off for 3 months , so adjusting may be difficult at first , but I got this ! 
just finished running followed by a 20 minute cardio workout and I feel great ! Could've done more if not for my 2 year old who has to be center of attention . lol He's cute trying to mimic me though ! 
mmmm ...... breakfast for dinner ! Whole wheat banana pancakes with a dash of pure < PROPFEMALE > syrup ! 
is off to target with her boys . 
considers today's trip to UNO a HUGE success . I found out that I will be the recipient of a pell < PROPMALE > and I got a job as a tutor with UNO's Student Support Services ! yay me ! Things are looking up ! 
\It takes a lot of courage to grow up and be who you really are . \ " - EE Cummings " 
can't believe my little man is turning two tomorrow ! time flies ! baking him a cake while daddy puts together his present ! love my baby boy ! 
is off to the aquarium with daddy and the birthday boy ! I can't believe my little man is two today ! Happy birthday to momma's lil heart ! LOVE MY LIL FAM ! 
is so glad that we decided not to let the bad weather stop us this morning ! It turned out to be a beautiful day in < PROPFEMALE > !!! We had a blast at the aquarium and walking the river walk , had some delish food at Landry's , and so much fun at Toys R Us !! My baby boy was glowing the entire day !! He's fast asleep now , and mommy's not to far behind him . <3 LOVED today !!! 
The life which is unexamined is not worth living . 
is going cook breakfast for me and the lil man , then its off to UNO for tutor training and the SSS new student orientation to help set up and to introduce myself to all the new students . I'm so excited to start school Monday !! 
\I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our\ 
\In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity . \ " < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
is spending the day with my two boys playing and cleaning and getting all my last minute school stuff together ! School starts tomorrow and I'm excited ! All my teachers have amazing reviews ! 
The fall semester starts today ! yay ! at uno now waiting for class to start . 
had an amazing first day back at school !! This semester is going to be great ! 
had a really bad morning . Just one of those days where anything that could go wrong , went wrong . ugh . But < PROPFEMALE>'s bringing home my baby boy any minute now so my day is about to be great ! His smile and hugs make it all better ! =) 
Tgif ! I am so ready for the weekend ! Ive been missing my lil man while Im at school . such a long week ..... 
is so so so sleepy . 
is so happy to be home with her little man this morning and not at school ! I just hate being away from him so much ! He's my heart . <3 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s house with my boys to visit baby < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! Yay ! 
has class till 1 . I'm so ready to be home with my lil man already ! 
is waiting for my favorite class to start ! THEN its lame old math .... then home ! 
is so physically and mentally drained and it's only the beginning of the semester . My son refuses to nap so I have zero time to do school work after I get home , and pretty much zero time for housework because he's cranky due to his refusal to sleep , even though he's clearly tired . The only time I have to do anything is after he goes to bed at night , and by then I'm so drained all I want to do is sleep . bleh . 
is at school . Walk out today to protest budget cuts , cut backs , layoffs , ect at 10 .... then back to the grind . Black Wyrm Seed keeping me company at the moment . <3 Thank god for mp3 players . 
was up till 230ish doing school work , woke up at 6 , and now feels like the walking dead . I am so not ready to make that drive to < PROPFEMALE > . I am really hoping today goes smoothly because I am NOT in the mood for any crap . 
is outside drinking some wine with my lovely neighbor < PROPFIRST > , then its bed time for me . Saying screw homework tonight . 
is at school till 1 . I'm so ready for my 3 day weekend ! 
just got home a little while ago . Since < PROPFIRST > doesn't nap anymore we're going lay in bed at watch some cartoons so momma can rest a little bit . <3 
is out on a much needed date with my love ! 
\A woman who can cope with the terrible twos can cope with anything . \"" 
Bedtime tantrums are the WORST . I dont know how I'm going to make it through the semester . Being a parent is the hardest job EVER . 
is praying < PROPFIRST > doesnt give us problems going to sleep tonight . 
is so so SO happy her lil boy is sleeping ! If only every night were like this ! Thinking I'll enjoy a glass of wine and watch some TV before bed . 
feels awful . My tmj caused my half in wisdom tooth to crack , and now it's all sharp and digging in to my mouth , in turn causing me to have a migraine . 
is going to the dentist this morning then headed straight to UNO . Hopefully I'll only miss my 1st class and can make it on time for the rest . 
is getting my wisdom tooth pulled Tuesday . Until then its mashed potatoes , pudding , and pain pills for me ! 
is hoping my little energizer < PROPFEMALE > goes to sleep easily tonight . Momma has a paper to finish ! 
Time is going by way too slow today . 
got < PROPFIRST > saying Geaux Saints ! Who Dat ?! Its too freakin cute ! 
is so thankful for MP3 players . Music is my sanity in my chaiotic life . At the moment Black Wyrm Seed is keeping me on that level . <3 
is so pissed . The freaking AC went out AGAIN for the third time this summer . The maintence people here cant do anything right . 
loves Sundays ! Spending the day lovin up on my boys . <3 Unfortunately I have some house work to do too . Boo . 
managed to get the whole house cleaned today all while playing and goofing off with my boys ! Going cook dinner now : hamburger steak , mashed potatoes , peas , and french bread . Yummy ! 
is going to school then the dentist to get this stubborn wisdom tooth removed . Wish me luck ! After my last experience getting my bottoms pulled , I'm pretty nervous . :/ 
is on the way to the dentist . I dont know why I m so nervous . Ugh . 
feels great ! It only took the dentist like a minute to pull my tooth ! Not bad at all ! =) Glad its over . 
is putting the little man to bed , pouring a big glass of home made wine , finishing up some school work , then spending some much needed quality time with my man . 
is going cook a big Sunday breakfast for me and my boys ! < PROPFEMALE>'s baby shower later ! yay ! 
likes to clean when she's stressed about a situation that's out of her control . 
is so so so sleepy . This has been my roughest week at school so far and it's only Tuesday !!! 
loves how her lil man demands \Wayne Toups daddy ! \ " whenever something else is playing . He's mamas little zydeco lovin < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 " 
is so drained . school , work , cook , clean , play with the lil one , put him to bed , stay up all night studying , and back at it a 6 . ah . I feel like < PROPFEMALE > is lost somewhere in the mix . I need to be me just a little while instead of a student , mom , tutor , ect . 
wants to punch the guy next to me in class for smacking his gum so loud ! I HATE that noise . Ugh . 
should definately be doing school work .... but I don't wanna ! Watching TV and ordering pizza instead . its okay to be bad sometimes . :) 
It's just me and the little man today ! :) Love my baby boy ! 
is feeling for Heartly . You know he's beating himself up over that one . Its all good though . We still got this . TWO DAT BABY ! 
is watching Swamp People . Love this show ! 
is off to school , then work , then home to my lil man ! <3 
is watching < PROPFIRST > Armstrong concert footage in class today . Oh how I love jazz history . 
is cooking chicken marsala and some steamed broccoli . It smells delish ! 
has a terrible cold . On the upside I got my first paper back today and I got an A ! Yay me ! 
has been enjoying this beautiful day with < PROPFIRST > at the park allll morning ! Now going home and wait for Nanny and Peyton to come visit ! 
is stuck in traffic by < PROPMALE > . Thank god I've got < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > to keep me entertained ! LOVE those guys ! 
is thinking I'm not going to make it to my first class . I've only moved up a few feet in 20 minutes . 
He is my inspiration , my motivation , my best friend , my greatest accomplishment , the love of my life , my greatest joy . He is my son , and he completes me . <3 There is no greater love . 
needs a change from the monotony of everyday life . 
is at home cleaning the house with my little man , the helper , listening to some < PROPMALE > Toups , little man's favorite . 
is watching the new South Park before writing my paper . It is freaking hilarious ! south park = love . 
This research paper 8is kicking my ass . why oh why did i have to choose such a hard topic with soooo much information ? its all good .... im so getting an a . 
is finally finished ! hopefully I can wind down and get a couple hours of sleep in before its time to get up and head to school . 
doesn't know where she would be without her son . He doesn't know it , but hes my rock . He keeps me grounded in an otherwise chaiotic life . I love him so much ! his smile is all i need to get me through the day . 
thinks this weekend went by way too fast ! Had a great time with < PROPFIRST > at Peyton's birthday party and today at the festival with my two boys . <3 Back to school bright and early tomorrow ! 
LOVES the students she tutors ! They make me smile ! 
getting a little house work done and cooking dinner early so me and little man can go to the park in a little while ! 
The only thing that stays the same is change and change can be a wonderful thing ! 
All I have to say is < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch . So proud of my man for standing up for himself and taking care of his family ! 
Its such a beautiful morning here on campus by the lake ! wish we could have class outside ! Life is good ! missing my boys ! 
has waaaay too much stuff to do this weekend . I need a clone , or I suppose an assistant would do . Any takers ? 
Ive heard there are troubles of more than one kind . Some come from ahead , some come from behind . But Ive brought a big bat . im all ready you see . now my troubles are going to have trouble with me ! 
Be kind , for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle . 
has had a very long but very productive week thus far . Ive gotten a lot accomplished the last 3 days ! 2 more two go ! Im so ready for the weekend . 
wants to congratulate my love < PROPFEMALE > Hawkins and her future husband < PROPFIRST > on the birth of their absolutely BEAUTIFUL baby girl < PROPFEMALE > ! I know how much you both have wanted this for so long and I am ecstatic that this day has finally come ! I love you !!! 
Class , work , vote . 
It is such a beautiful morning on campus ! DONT FORGET TO VOTE TODAY ! This is an important election for everyone regardless of political stance ! 
had a fantastic day ! I just know I aced my test earlier today ! I also had a wonderful time with my baby boy and my dad at the park ! 
Is ready for this semester to over already ! Sooo ready for the holidays and some time off ! 
Happy Birthday to the US < PROPFEMALE > Corps ! Thanks to all the men and women who serve and sacrifice for the sake of their country and for the lives of others . 
This research essay will be the death of me . Why do I have to be such a perfectionist when it comes to writing ? Ive put in about 10 hours already and it'll probably be another 20 until I'm finished . 
had a wonderful weekend with my baby boy ! House is cleans and Ive got some tortilla soup cooking on the stove . < PROPFIRST > and I are watching some toons waiting on daddy to get home from work . 
My essay is turning out way better than I thought it would . I've impressed myself . =) I could continue on with another cup of coffee , but I think I'll get some rest and get a fresh perspective on it tomorrow . My brain is fried . 
wants to go back to bed . All this rain is making me more sleepy than I already am from being up so late , but it is back to the grid . I cant wait for my two days off next week ! 
is on cup of coffee number four and still feels like she could sleep right now if my head hit the pillow . its going to be a long night . Cooking dinner now and hangin with my little man ! 
is taking a quick break . This paper is due at midnight and I'm sooooo tired I can't concentrate . If I could think clearly I'd be done already . 
Done . Debating on doing work for other classes now or just going to bed . 
really doesn't feel like driving to < PROPFEMALE > . I want to go back to bed . Sleep deprivation is taking its toll . 
is having the WORST day ever . Where is this light at the end of the tunnel ? I sure as hell don't see any trace of it . 
Although some are critical of my methods and motivations , I AM doing the best I can for my son and I . Every decision I make holds HIS best interests at heart . if he weren't in the picture things would be much different , but he is . Think before you speak . 
is so glad to be home with her baby boy . I'm hoping for a relaxing weekend after a long week of unwanted and unfounded drama . Taking my lil man to the store and park in a little while . =) 
just had breakfast with my little man . < PROPMALE > is working so its just me and little man . I love relaxing morning with my love ! 
is ecstatic that the city is FINALLY fixing the nearly unavoidable suspension killing gaping hole on < PROPFIRST > E < PROPFIRST > ! 
Oh yeah ! Who dat baby ! That was beautiful ! 
My big boy just used the potty for the first time ! YAY ! 
Anyone with boys have any good potty training tips ? 
The pressure is on ! I've got two tests this week , a paper , and multiple tutoring sessions to prepare my students for thier final , then my own finals the week after ! no sleep for this woman for the next two weeks . It's crunch time . Hopefully I'll make it out alive . 
got a whole lot done today , but there is still much more to be done . After < PROPFIRST > is in bed I have to finish editing my paper , finish the study guide for my students , and study for my psyc test tomorrow . No sleep once again .... 
is really looking forward to a decent nights sleep this weekend . I can't wait for the semester to be over . 
is done with class . Now for my two hour long tutoring session to prepare my students for their final , then an online test . 
is studying for a test at 12 . Hopefully I can ace this one too ! 
That test was way easier than I made it out to be in my head . No more tests this week but finals next week ! 
has a really hard time getting < PROPFIRST > out of the bath tub . He loves taking a bath . 
has her first final from 10 to 12 in the morning ! Ahhhh ! I am so ready to get this week over with ! 
wants to scream ! 
is so happy to see all her hard work paying off . two of my finals have already been graded and I got A's on both of them ! Cant wait till my others are graded . One more final to go on Friday ! AND I've gotten numerous thank you calls from my students who made excellent grades on their final ! Im so proud of them ! 
just took her last final . Yay ! One more semester down ! 
is spending the day with her boys . We'll be headed to the park in a little bit . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding later tonight ! Congrats guys ! 
is having a wonderful day with her little man ! He has no idea how much he means to me . He's my motivation , inspiration , my rock , my best friend , and the love of my life ! He is the greatest blessing I have ever or will ever recieve ! He's my everything and I make sure to tell him that every day ! 
is absolutely ecstatic ! I managed to get a 4.0 this semester ! I worked hard for that ! Yay for all my dedication paying off ! 
is enjoying this beautiful day outside with the coolest little dude ever ! I love my baby boy soooo much ! 
is drinking some coffee waiting on my boys to wake up ! I can't wait till < PROPFIRST > sees all the awesome stuff < PROPFEMALE > brought him for Chrisstmas ! =) < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
is having the greatest morning with her little man ! We had some yummy banana pancakes and now we're playing with all his new toys from Christmas ! 
had a wonderful day ! I found out I am recieving two schloarships next semester ! I'll be going to bed shortly so I can get some rest for tomorrow . < PROPFEMALE > is comming spend the day with me and < PROPFIRST > and we're both very excited ! 
really enjoyed having < PROPFEMALE > for the day ! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > visited too ! Now this momma is beat and ready for her little man to go to bed . 
is letting go of her dream to have good , healthy relationships with certain people . I can't allow myself to dwell on the sad fact that I am the only one trying . I'm just going to focus on the positive : the people that are always true to me .... my baby , my love , and a few wonderful friends who always have my back . Ya'll know who you are ! 
has shampooed the carpets , changed all the bedsheets , washed , folded , and put away all the clothes , gave the sofa a good cleaning , dusted the whole house , and a whole lot more . Im trying to give the whole house a really good cleaning before the semester starts . Im totally drained but it was so worth it ! 
has been playing hard with < PROPFIRST > at < PROPFEMALE>'s house ! My little energizer < PROPFEMALE > never runs out of energy !! 
A man is but the product of his thoughts : what he thinks , he becomes . 
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try . 
It's back to the grind tomorrow ! first day of the spring semester ! I'm so ready . Hoping for another 4.0 semester ! 
is on the way to UNO ! 5 weeks off was too much ! 
had a great first day back ! Love my teachers thus far and saw some friends I missed the last few weeks ! 
kxsl\ 
kqqqqqqqqaqqqq4r5x\ 
klxl\ 
k10jg x\ 
\ 
wnymdmfbem\ 
tjnkm\ 
vyujgkdx 
Excuse my pervious status . I have no clue how my son does these things . Anyway , classes and meetings all day ! Hope everyone has a wonderful day ! =) 
So today is turning out to be a fantastic day ! 
thinks you all should tune in to Yeayourite radio hosted by Swampchode on www.coreofdestruction.com 9pm Be there . 
has econ , a meeting , then acct work to do . I can't wait to start tutoring again next week ! I'm ready to meet all my new students . =) Have a great day friends ! 
Classes went great today , got in a good 45 minute workout without < PROPFIRST > throwing a fit , got another workout running around playing soccer outside with him , now getting some housework done ! productive day ! =) 
is gearing up for another great day of bettering myself mentally and physically and helping others do so as well ! Class , tutoring , working out , then home to the coolest little dude ever ! \Insead of giving myslef reasons why I can't I give myself reasons why I can . \ " Have a wonderful day everyone ! " 
had a good day at school even though I had a rough morning . I just finished up an intense hour of working out and now I'm going play soccer with the little one ! 
feels pretty damn good for it being a Monday morning ! My < PROPFEMALE > was sick all weekend and is still not feeling well today . I hated to leave him this morning but he's in good hands . classes/meetings all day ! Have a fantastic Monday everyone ! =) 
wishes my baby boy would get better . =( On a brighter note classes/work are going very well and I'm also extremely proud of finding time to workout the last 6 days in a row ! 
... another day of classes ! I really hope it's not storming too bad on my way home ! Missing my baby boy already ... I hope he feels better today ! 
had a really long but still great day ! It seems my babe is feeling much better ... still not 100% but way better than yesterday ! 
thinks she left her brain in bed this morning . 
baked some parmesan encrusted tilapia and steamed some fresh veggies and it is delish ! < PROPFIRST > doesn't care much for fish but he sure is loving it ! 
thinks tonight shall be an Abita night . I also think I took on way too much this semester ..... but nothing I can't handle . My to do list is only like 20 pages long . Better to be busy and productive than idle and lazy ! 
Is it Thursday already ? Where did this week go ?! 
I can't change the direction of the wind but I can always adjust my sails to reach my destination ! 
loves that when she put on her jeans this morning they were way too loose ! Working out everyday for the last month has paid off ! I lost some fat , gained some muscle , have more energy , and feel much stronger ! 
is laying on the sofa with little man all cuddles up watching Blue's Clue's clues before his bath . These are the moments I live for . Simply heaven . =) 
Today is tomorrow's yesterday . Make the best of it , for it will never come again . 
had a rough day but getting a big hug from my little man when I picked him up made it all better ! Can't wait for my week off next week ! =) 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . 
LaPlace parade today and my sis will be joining us ! Haven't seen her since she moved to and back from Colorado ! I'm so happy she's back for good ! =) 
Happy 311 day ! 
loves her big brother Randel Langston big big big like the sky !!! Strollin down memory < PROPFIRST > mayne ..... good times ! 
So would any of my lovely facebook friends do me a huge favor ? I am finished up a paper tonight that's worth 20% of my grade . I hate turning in a paper without having another perspective . If one of you will be willing to proofread and give me some feedback , you'd have my undying gratitude ! =) I didn't have time to finish it this week , otherwise I'd have brought it to the writing center . 
Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can't be done . 
Keep your dreams alive . Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself , vision , hard work , determination , and dedication . Remember all things are possible for those who believe . 
The only thing that will stop you from fulfilling your dreams is you . 
has decided to register for the New Orleans Jazz half marathon in October !! Training starts in one week ! “Keep your dreams alive . Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself , vision , hard work , determination , and dedication . Remember all things are possible for those who believe . ” 
changed up her workout routine today and is now super sore ! It's all worth it though ! 
can't stand test anxiety . I know this stuff so why am I nervous ?! Econ test at 930 then accounting test tomorrow ! I'm already drained . It's been a loooong week . can't wait to get home to my little man already ! have a fablous day friends ! 
I aced my econ test and got some awesome new running shoes ! What a wonderful day today has turned out to be ! Now time to study for accounting ! Test at 10 tomorrow ! 
had a pretty hectic day . I am so sad that < PROPFIRST > , one of my bosses , the SSS counselor , and more than that my good friend , is leaving UNO ! However , I am happy that he got this opportunity . He will be greatly missed ! Oh , and I'm pretty sure I rocked that god awful accounting test today . =) 
is going drink a glass of wine and watch some tv . Getting to bed early after the late nights of studying this week , which paid off . I aced both tests ! =) 
is so happy the weekend is finally here ! Got some much needed sleep last night ! Going workout then bringing the little man to the park to play some soccer ! =] 
is going out !! =] 
has been goofing off with the boys all morning ! Time now to get down to business ! workout , clean , cook , homework , and more play later ! Have a great Sunday friends ! 
back to the grind ! Class , work , workout , home to little man ! Today is tomorrow's yesterday ! Make the best of it for it will never come again ! Have a great Monday everyone ! 
is laying on the sofa with little man all cuddled up watching Blue's Clues before his bath . <3 Nothing better than this ! 
One day at a time - this is enough . Do not look back and grieve over the past for it is gone , and do not be troubled about the future , for it has not yet come . Live in the present and make it so beautiful it will be worth remembering ! 
can handle when things don't go my way for the most part , but when things REALLY don't/aren't working out as planned I get annoyed . No sense on sulking though . Gotta make the best of it ! Playing with < PROPFIRST > all day tomorrow . Forget my other responsibilites for a day ! Just me and my boy tomorrow ! =] 
is enjoying this beautiful morning outside playing with little man ! 
is having a blast with < PROPFIRST > today ! We've played soccer , taken a walk to the pond to feed the ducks and turtles , played with doodle bugs , colored , finger painted , wrestled , had tickle fights , built a fort , sang and danced , made newspaper hats , picked flowers and so much more ! It feels good to let go of everything else for a day and just play ! 
is sitting outside on the back porch in the shade with < PROPFIRST > . It's cooler out here than in the apartment . The AC has been out all day . I called and reported it early this morning and still nothing . The worst part is < PROPFIRST > wanting to run and play but if he can't cool off his eczema may flare up . =( 
Yay ! Someone is finally here to fix the ac ! 
is playing in the rain with < PROPFIRST > . =) 
It is BEAUTIFUL outside today ! I wish class could be held outdoors ! =) more class then work ! Have a great day everyone ! 
got stung by a caterpillar who snuck into my bag this morning at school and my hand is STILL burning ! Other than that today has been good ! Lots of work left to do tonight once little man is in bed though . 
is so so sore . Three < PROPMALE > yesterday and 30 minutes of cardio followed by an hour on intense strength training today did me in ! Tomorrow will be a rest day for sure . “Dream as if you'll live forever , live as if you'll die today . ” 
Is it the weekend yet ? I am so drained . 
got in a great workout today , and just finished another .... played soccer with < PROPFIRST > for an hour outside ! He's a workout himself ! =) I am so glad it's Friday ! After a long week I'm looking forward to a relaxing weekend at home with my boys . <3 
It's never too late to become what you might have been . 
really thought we were LONG past sleep deprivation due to < PROPFIRST > . Out of nowhere he is refusing to stay in his bed . Im so tired ! 
is completely drained . I'm really hoping I can make it through finals without going insane ! Three weeks ! Just keep swimming ..... 
Please pray , hope , send your positive thoughts , or whatever it is you do that my little man sleeps tonight ! I don't know if I can make it tomorrow on two hours of sleep again ! Have a great night everyone ! 
Bedtime battle : Mommy - 1 , < PROPFIRST > - 0 =) Classes/work . Have a great day friends ! 
The only one who can tell you \you can't\ " is you . And you don't have to listen . " 
“I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind . Some come from ahead and some come from behind . But I've bought a big bat . I'm all ready you see . Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me ! ” - Dr. Seuss =) 
Whether I fail or succeed shall be no man's doing but my own . I am the force ; I can clear any obstacle before me or I can be lost in the maze . My choice ; my responsibility ; win or lose , only I hold the keys to my < PROPFEMALE > 
had a great weekend . < PROPFIRST>'s reaction to all the great stuff the Easter < PROPFEMALE > brought him was priceless . =) Cooking some smothered pork chops with black eyed peas and rice and relaxing . May have a glass of wine or two . 
got in a great workout today and got some steaks marinating in the fridge for tonight ! <3 
Obstacles don't have to stop you . If you run into a wall , don't turn around and give up . Figure out how to climb it , go through it , or work around it . 
thought it to be a beautiful day for a run so that's what I did ! That was the most intense 2 < PROPMALE > ever due to the wind working against me and trying to throw me around , but it's all good ! Feeling good . Going get some schoolwork done before I pick up the little man . Have a great day friends ! 
cooked some spaghetti squash with primavera sauce loaded with zucchini , mushrooms , green peppers , carrots , and garlic and it is DELISH ! =) < PROPFIRST>'s loving it ! I'm so happy my little man loves healthy food like his mommy ! 
had a very interesting and rather enlightening day . \Act as if what you do makes a difference . It does . \"" 
literally doesn't have enough time to do everything she needs to do this week ! Unless I don't sleep at all something will suffer . I can't wait until finals are over and done with . 
is so happy that my accounting final is over and done with ! 6 straight hours of studying/taking the exam has given me a migrane . One more week of hell until the semester is over ! 
Happy Mother's day to all the moms out there ! 
