lol , Just got the Wetest , Loudest , Most ticklish Zerbert from Maddy for my New Years Kiss . With a Start to a New Decade like that , I know this is going to be an Awesome Year . =D 

Is wondering if it is time to make the step to sell my photography services ? 
Why is June the most busiest month of the year for me ??? 
Ready for the weekend . Happy to see the kids tonight for the company party . 
I am so ready to go camping again . I need a break from the Hectic , Busy June life . Aaaah ! 
Has little to do with lots of time ..... Wait , scratch that and reverse . 8D 
Computers ... The only thing known to the consumer that it is ok to buy a defective product and be charged extra to fix . This includes software ( and then they wonder why there is < PROPFEMALE > much pirated software) ! 
is excited for his first Pay shoot this weekend . Gonna have lots of fun with it . 
thinks the shoot went very well . A few more shots tommorrow and everything will be good . 
is editing photos from yesterdays shoot and drinking MTN DEW Game Fuel . I think I might be on a Caffeine OvErLoAd !!! 
is afraid ... very afraid ! Everyone is getting sick around him ! AAaaaahhhh !!! 
thinks it is time to play the stubborn card . That's right life , I am too stubborn to get everyone else's cold . 
is ready for his 4 day weekend . Camping at Pineview , watching the fireworks over the lake . Anyone have any suggestions about photographing fireworks ? 
Does anyone know any specific details about the Lavendar Days at Young Living Lavendar Farms ? Specifically details about the Jousting that happens ? 
Well , off the Ogden Nature Center . Wonder how many photographers will show up today ? 
wonders why it is so hard to strike up conversations with strangers ? 
Starting a business can make ones head spin . I think I am getting dizzy !!! 
Looking forward to both of tomorrows World Wide PhotoWalks . Going to do some site scouting for portraits in between walks . 
Wishing < PROPFIRST > a Happy Birthday today !!! They grow up < PROPFEMALE > quickly . 
< PROPFIRST > Wyeth commented : Facebook has agreed to let 3rd party advertisers use your posted photos WITHOUT your permission . Click on SETTINGS ( located on top of < PROPFEMALE > in blue bar , next to logout ); Select PRIVACY SETTINGS ; Select NEWS FEEDS and WALL ; Select t 
It is Friday , It is a holiday , It is quiting time . Yeah !!! 
Photo editing done for now . Going to go work on the kitchen for a while . 
No rest for the wicked and the good don't need it . Went to church , visited with my grandma and listen to her tell her stories for hours , fixed a leaky toilet , stripped and stained some more cabinets and still managed to play some FB games . I will sleep go 
Is < PROPFEMALE > ready for a vacation . 2 more weeks and then it will be my family and my camera and the La < PROPMALE > mountains . Yeah !!! 
Thinks he will take a break today and donate blood . 
Yeah , It's Friday ! Looking forward to watching the Fast and the Furious 3 with the family tonight !!! 
is wondering where the weekend went ??? 8-{ 
Loving the new hair cut . 
Good Morning ! ! Friday is here ... 
Woo Hoo . Another Photoshoot lined up for tonight . 
Going through my photographs of the Pitcher family . It is interesting that pictures taken later in the evening can make a real background look fake . lol 
Editing photographs from last nights shoot . What squirmy little girls . hahaha ! 
Enuff editing for today . Off to bed , hopefully no problems from work tonight . 
It is friday ... yeah . Off for a while to visit with family from Missouri . The Camera is charged and I am ready to go . 
Sorry all . It looks like I posted a link to a video today , but I have not . This link is a Virus and you should just delete it or ignore it . I have gone through and tried to delete everything that I have posted today . I am also scanning my system to get rid of this Trojan Virus . 
Middle of the week ... Yeah . Tomorrow is Friday and then another 4 day weekend . Hurray !!! 
4 day weekend is almost here . To bad it will be so busy ... Fix car , Photoshoot , photo editing , taking care of 2 old ladies ( as they like to call themselves ) , along with many other things in between . I think I need a vacation from my vacation . lol 
has spare PC up and running . Now time to start from scratch on main PC . This is just too much fun . lol 
Yeah , both PCs running great . 
Woo Hoo . Looking forward to another Photography clinic tonight . 
When you photograph people in colour you photograph their clothes . But when you photograph people in B&W , you photograph their souls ! ~ Ted < PROPMALE > 
Weekend is almost over . The work week coming up is going to be crazy ... Anyone have a spare straight Jacket ? 
There are no rules for good photographs , there are only good photographs . ~ Ansel Adams 
is home today anxiously waiting for a root canal . ouch !!! 
hehehe . Halfb ofb my faceb is numbbbb ! No pain right now though . 
<-- Trying to catch up on photo editing ... 
Looking forward to the long weekend . Anniversary , editing , Football Game , editing , sleep , editing , yardwork , editing , etc , etc , etc ... 8D 
I love Photography . Nothing like being able to do half of your job in your pajamas ... 
“Time is passing . Yet , for the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , there will be no forgetting September the 11th . We will remember every rescuer who died in honor . We will remember every family that lives in grief . We will remember the fire and ash , the last phone calls , the funerals of the children . “ - President < PROPFIRST > W . Bush , November 11 , 2001 
What a messsss ... Nothing like moving 2 PC hardware techs and all the mess we have collected . Did we really need 40 NIC cards ? lol 
Repost - < PROPFEMALE > Price : Knowledge is power , and power corrupts . So study hard and be evil .... muhahaha ... 
Lovely , Trying to work on kitchen today and the hot water heater decides to break . Only 6 years old !?! After troubleshooting all day , I believe there is supposed to be a little glass vial that is a safety feature that has broken . Lots of people seem to have the same problem , Arrrrgghhhhhhh !!! 
Allergies are kicking my butt . It is heavily raining and I am still sneezing and being miserable . Isn't that supposed to wash all the crap out of the air ? ....... A C H O O ! 
LOL Medicine Head ... Took a Benadryl for the allergies . Did wonders .. dried up the sinus ' , dried up the mouth , probably even dried up my blood . N O W am wayyyy tired/sleepy/snoozy/naptime/etc . Having ... t r o u b l e ... staying .... a w a k e ... I wonder if I fall asleep on my PC and drool on it if that would be covered under the warranty ? lol 
Going to go see a soccer game , football game and then time for some picture taking . Think tonight will be a Mountain Dew editing night . 8D 
<== Editing and listening to his \Crazy\ " Music . Wonder if the music influences my Photographs ? l lol " 
<== Thinks god has a strange sense of humor . :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ==> There is a world of difference between willing and wanting . Most people want to be good , but they do not will to be good . Strong reasons make strong actions . Many today do not believe enough to be great . Mediocrity is the penalty for a loss of faith or character . 
Busy day today .... Measure our Gas line for Stove . Get gas pipe . PhotoEditing . etc . Will be glad when Kitchen is done . 
is making some headway on photo editing . Maybe I will be caugt up sooooon . 8-D 
These 2 installs i am doing r being a thorn in my side . It should not take an install overnight to run ! 
finally has gas after 5 trips to the store .... wait , that sounds bad . ;-) After some adjustments to the ignitors , The STOVE finally works . Now just waiting for cabinet to have some ovens . 
Looking forward to the GSL photowalk tonight with < PROPFIRST > 
is wondering why I can not get in contact with my son on FB ? Had him in my family group before , but now I can not find him and he says that he is not getting my messages that I send him ? 
mind is racin ' and sleep is evadin ' ... Aaaarrrgghhh !!! 
Ok , this is inspired by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Lets see how much we can get ? There is a house in New Orleans They call the Rising Sun And it's been the ruin of many a poor boy And God I know I'm one 
You know your a Photographer when ... _________(fill in the blank ) . 
The Lensbaby Photowalk was awesome . Got to even meet and spend some time with one of my contacts from the St < PROPFIRST > area . This to top off having a photoshoot with my beautiful , sexy wife . Wooo Hooooo . Awesome Day . 
Anyone interested in going to the Photo exhibit going on at the Utah Museum of Fine Arts at the U ? Desert Secrets and Patick Nagatani's Nuclear Enchantment . Planning on going during lunch sometime this week . 
Planning on going to the Photography exhibit at UMFA during lunch today . Should be interesting . 
Back to work tomorrow . 
Was able to go see < PROPFIRST > Bourne talk last night . What an amazing photographer . Now to take what he was talking about and put it to better my own photography . I AM STOKED !!! 
Yeah ! Kitchen is coming together . Ovens are in and working . Hopefully Sink , Disposal & Dishwasher will be installed today . Pictures to follow this weekend . 
Y E S ! ! ! After over a year , We have a functional kitchen . After 3 trip to the store for all the parts I needed , Dishwasher , Garbage Disposal , Sink and everything else , is working . W O O T ! 
is tired . Fridge connected to water and put into place today . I hate PLUMBING ... I have spent < PROPFEMALE > much time at LOWES this weekend , that I think I am going to get a second job there . 
is looking forward to some alone time with my wife tonight . No one home but her & I . Cooking a nice romantic dinner for my wife and then some relaxing time . Wooo Hoooooo ! 
Anyone know any good restaurants opened today in Salt Lake City ? Need to find a place to eat tonight for My wife and I . AFter dinner , I then get to go freeze my butt off walking around down town taking photographs . =-) 
is starting to questions his own sanity . Going to get up at 4:30 a.m. and brave the cold 32 degree weather to drive out to a dry , desolate , covered with swarms of bugs , middle of nowhere - island to see if I can get a few decent photographs .... Anyone wanna join me ? lol 
Well , did not make it out to the island , but I did manage to go to the mountains instead . Spent all day yesterday trying to catch up on a little photoediting . 
Need a laugh ? Call the Nestle Crunch Hotline at 1-800-295-0051 . When you are asked if you want to continue in English or Spanish , just wait * quietly * for about 10 seconds and you will smile . Promise ! ( if you comment on this status after listening , don't give away the surprise ... ) keep going ... and press 4 it gets even better ! Too Funny ! 
is just plain run down and wored out ! 
Is wondering what trouble can I get into on New Years < PROPFEMALE > weekend ? 
You ever have a sinking feeling that something awful is about to happen ? I have one of those feelings now . 
Wow . The Sinking feeling came true today .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all 
Wonderful , i get a divorce for Christmas . 
Sleep eludes me . Anyone want to volunteer to hit me over the head with a 2 x 4 and knock my butt out ? 
Well , how about some good news in all of this . I sold My first Photograph . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . 
Eventually all the pieces fall into place until then , laugh at the confusion , live for the moment , and know that everything happens for a reason 
has had a wonderful day ... The bible lesson today was about purifying and sanctifying with a metaphor of making steel . If that wasn't God telling me everything will be ok , I don't know what is . 
Ok , I am really starting to wonder how strong does God really want me to be ? 
Yeah ! 5 hours of sleep . Much better . And another thanks to all my friends out there for your support and prayers . Couldn't do it without you ! 
lol , Round and round I go . Where I stop only God Knows . 
has put all of his trust into God . 
News Flash to My Fellow Ogdenites .... Do not eat at Old < PROPFEMALE > Buffet on Washington . Yuck , the food was nasty . 
is watching MIB and MIIB with my daughter . =D 
MISSING : Happy place , game face , sense of humor and mojo . LAST SEEN : Approx . 1 weeks ago . If found , please return to owner . Reward Offered ! 
Woo Hoo , should have internet hooked up by Wednesday . 
Is really missing everyone . :( Especially his soon to be ex-wife . 
Is getting tired of his dreams . 
Looking forward to having lunch today with his good friend < PROPFIRST > and then off to pick up my kiddos for the weekend . Yeah ! 
URGENT ! FACEBOOK VIRUS ALERT . An email recently went out to women asking them to post the color of their BRA . THIS IS A VIRUS . To fix it , you must remove your bra , then go to Settings > Enable Webcam > Record Movie . Please repost to your status message . 
Great , Kids decided they wanted to watch Eight Legged Freaks . I am gonna have nightmares . I should have left that movie with < PROPFEMALE > . ;) 
Oh wait , the kids have redeemed themselves . The kids have now decided to watch Gladiator . Oooohh Aaaaahhh :D Have a good night all . 
Ok , wanna have some reallll fun , Have a glow stick war with your kids in a dark house . We just got through throwing glow sticks at each other like knives . It is all fun and games until someone loses an eye . Good thing it was my eye and it was only flesh wound . ;) 
Is getting really tired of splitting up his life and having his future in Limbo ... 
Just cut off all his hair ... My head now has a nice velvety feel to it . ;) 
Aaarrgghhh ! This laptop is not good for photoediting . lol ;) 
Wants to know how someone you spent the last 8 years with , Through many good times and memories , Turn < PROPFEMALE > cold with you ? It just isn't right !!! I guess that really explains alot in itself . 
Ladies , your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and clear bra colors made the news tonight . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > G Komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall if you participated ...... in ...................... the Bra Color Game ! :) Thanks for sharing this . See More 
yeah ! Flight has been booked . :D 
Oh my Heavens ! It is time to look into < PROPFEMALE>'s diet . Her Farts are making my eyes WATER ! It may be 20 degrees outside , but i think I am about to open a window . roflmao !!! 
Have to go meet < PROPFEMALE > to sign Divorce papers today ... Just a little over 2 weeks from finding out :( I guess she really is in a hurry so that she can get remarried in Las Vegas on Valentines day .. Well good luck < PROPFIRST > ! Be careful when she needs to go \Find Herself\ " again . " 
My fine is £ 575 . 
I believe the healing process is moving along nicely ... Actually got 7 hours of sleep last night with only a few interruptions . The Anger stage is here , but not too extreme . Looking forward to my vacation . 
Well , just found out my Wireless < PROPMALE > is over $400 and soon to be higher to cancell lines early ... Guess i will be without a phone for awhile . :( 
For attractive lips , speak words of kindness . For lovely eyes , seek out the good in people . For a slim figure , share your food with the hungry . For beautiful hair , let a child run their fingers through it once a day . For poise , walk with the knowledge that you'll never walk alone . - < PROPFEMALE > Hepburn ( 1929-1993 ) 
Ouch , that Hurt !!! 
The < PROPFIRST > is unloaded again . Off to bed ! 
Had a rough day yesterday . Hopefully today will be better . 
Awesome day today . Realized that I need to get out more . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for being such Awesome Friends . Felt good to talk to people face to face . ;) 
Bad Dreams !!! 
? If you see a faded sign at the side of the road that says 15 < PROPMALE > to the ...? 
Can't believe how many of the kids baby pictures that were left behind . I really wonder how much things mattered to < PROPFEMALE > . Oh well . C'est la vie !!! 
needs to apologize for his last comment . < PROPFIRST > , Keanen , Jayden and Gatlin .... Your momma does care for you guys and loves you very much . I should not have wrote what I did . Sorry ! 
Feels good to be surrounded by Family ! 
WITHOUT GOD ... our week would be : Sinday , Mournday , Tearsday , Wasteday , Thirstday , Fightday , Shatterday . Seven days without God - makes one Weak ! 
Doesn't know what he has done to make the teacher mad ... but is being sent back to 3rd Grade tomorrow ??? aaaaaarrrrggghhh !!! 
Getting Ready for the big storm that should be arriving this evening ! Ice and snow . Maybe I wont be coming home on Monday . lol 
has to chuckle to himself . Is amazed at how much ( little ) snow fell and knowing that all the schools shut down . I can't wait to upload a photo and tease all the kids with it . =D 
Is back from a well needed trip . Now trying to get back in the groove of things and go through a ton of mail , a ton of crap , unpack , laundry , etc . etc . etc . 
If ignorance is bliss ........ why aren't more people happy ? 
I can't see my forehead ... :( 
The 7 traits to a best friend : Supportive Active Respectful Caring Assuring Sensitive Mindful ... in other words SARCASM 
is spinning in his computer chair . So I am away . Back ! Away .. whoa a bit dizzy now , going to be sick ! Oh well , so I am away . Back ! whoa a bit dizzy now ... 
Thanks God for the Valleys , for without them I would not know just how good the mountaintops are . =D 
Getting ready to go see a friend and then to pick up my children for the weekend . Yay ! I will leave you with this for know : ? Clean Shirt , New Shoes ? ? And I don't know where I am goin to ? ? Silk Suit , Black Tie ? .... you fill in the rest . ;-) 
is ....... wait ........ I Forgot !!! 
... Has gone to look for the Marbles I have lost .... wish me Luck !!! 
... thinks Life would be far more interesting with background music . I wonder what would be playing right now ? 
I might be Crazy , but at least it is a job I'm good at . 
' s sanity has been stolen by the penguin Mafia . <(\) <(\") <(\")" 
is temprorarily out of Order ... Sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you ! 
I don't care if you are laughing at me or with me , just as long as you are laughing . =D 
... gets distracted easi ....... 
... speaks fluent Sarcasm ! It is much easier than Spanish , French or < PROPMALE > ! 
Sometimes you have to let God turn your life upside down so you can learn to live right-side up !!! 
Have you ever wished your mouth had a backspace key ? 
Loves being Mobile . :) 
... has made some stupid choices , mistakes , have been beat-up , scarred-up , alienated and down right worn out , yet I regret not one choice I've made nor one thing I've done . I am just smarter and stronger now for surviving them . ;-) 
If you walk with God , your never alone and if you walk withough God , you'll be alone for eternity ! 
... tried being normal . Didn't like the feeling so I am back to being ME ! 
Bird flu , Mad cow disease , and Swine flu ... Oh My , its farmegeddon ! 
Yesterday is History , Tomorrow is a Mystery bu today is a gift . That is why it is called present . - Kung Fu Panda ! 
? I'm a little Tea Pot , short and stout , here is my handle and here is my handle ...? Darn , I'm a sugar bowl ! 
... doesn't understand what is so bad about wrinkles . They say : I have Laughed , I have cried , I have frowned ... I have LIVED !!! 
' s status updates are for the sole purpose of fun and entertainment and do not necessarily reflect his exact current conditions , locations or life's drama . 
AMAZING !!! Just got back from the Test Rocket Firing . Wish I would have done this years ago . There is about a 10 second difference from when to Rocket Fires to when the noise reaches you . Now to get the processing done and get the photos posted . =) 
... wants to go Cow Tipping in Farmville . =D 
Photowalk today . 11 a . m . at Beus Pond . All skill and age levels welcome . Bring the kids and bring some bread to feed the ducks and geese . Come out and meet some of your local photographers . 
Life can be so Randomly Beautiful ! 
3 out of 5 voices in my head don't like you . 4 out of 5 don't even like me . ;-) 
... wishes he was a Glo Worm . Glo Worms are never Glum , how can they be when they have sun shining out their Bum . 
... is walking around with an ANNOYING just happy-to-be-alive grin on his face . 
\Some days I believe as many as 6 impossible things before noon . \"" 
What an AWESOMELY busy and fun weekend . A weekend revolving around photography .... What is better than that ? 
Even making a mistake wont allow you to escape your < PROPFEMALE > in this World . Sometimes the mistake is necessary to guide you on the true path of Happiness !!! 
Pinky , are you pondering what I'm pondering ? I think so , Brain , but if they called them \sad meals\ " no one would buy them . " 
The Happiest people don't have it all , they just make the best of what they got . 
There are 2 words that will open many doors for someone in Life .... \Pull\ " & \ " Push \"!" 
I'm in my own little corner of Crazy . =D 
Nothing is so strong as gentleness , and nothing so gentle as real strenght . ~ < PROPFIRST > de Sales 
If we celebrate the years behind us , they become the stepping-stones of strength and joy for the years ahead . 
You gotta love rumors . They tell you stuff about yourself you didn't know . 
Be who you want to be ! You are always going to be hated and loved by equal amounts of people so you may as well live according to your expectations . 
Life is going to push you around , beat you up and it's going to scare you . But then , one day you will realize that you are not just a survivor , but a warrior ! 
To Live above with the Saints we love , Ah , that is the purest < PROPFEMALE > . To Live below with the Saints we know , Ah , that is another story . In honor of St. Paticks day , please post any toasts you may know : 
Woo Hoo ! Just got a Photocamp Ticket . I am going on Saturday !!!!!!!!! 
... thinks you get the best stories from bad decisions . Boy do I have some stories ! 
Mmmmm , Sushi for lunch . :D 
Count yourself lucky I am not a Twin !!! 
When you were born , everyone around you was smiling while you were crying . Live you life so that when you die , everyone around you is crying while you are smiling !!! 
The other day I stopped telling God how big my problems are . Now I just tell my problems how big my God is !!! I think my problems turned tail and ran . =D 
? Can you hear me callin ' out your name ? ? You know that I am fallin ' and dont know what to say ? 
But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength ; they shall mount up with wings as eagles ; they shall run , and not be weary ; and they shall walk , and not faint . < PROPMALE > 40:31 I am feeling STRONG today !!! 
God works miracles through us . What miracle(s ) will you perform today ? 
? It's astounding , time is fleeting ? ? Madness takes its toll ? ? But listen closely , not for very much longer ? ? I've got to keep control ? 
Is scanning old 35mm slides of my Aunt and Uncle . It will be interesting when I come across photos of myself . ;-) 
I thought a thought that I thought I had thought but the thought that I had thought wasn't the thought that I had thought I had though !?!?! 
Live so that those who know you and don't know him , will want to know him because they know you . 
Happy moments , Praise God . Difficult moments , seek God . Quiet moments , worship God . Painful moments , trust God . Every moment , thank God . 
Spring time in Utah . April Fools . 
Ok , this is a shout out to all my friends . I have started a team for the local Walk MS . Photowalking Utah has been asked to photograph the event . I figured we could take it a step further and actually see about getting a group of the photographers and donations to make our own contribution to the cause . 
April 2nd is World Autism Awareness Day . Everyone around the globe is asked to wear blue tomorrow to show support for this very worthy cause . 
Photowalking Utah will be covering the Walk MS events in Ogden on Sat April 10th and the Salt Lake event on Sat April 24th ( anyone want to lead the Provo walk ? ) . Please join our team or donate to our team if you can . Regardless , please come take photographs of the event and share in the fun . 
Please donate to a worthy cause . Any amount will help . $2 , $5 , $10 and if you decide you can afford to donate $75 or more , I will send you an electronic print of one of my Photographs and you can then print it . Print Gallery : http://www.flickr.com/photos/polywog/sets/72157623623368839/ Donate : http://main.nationalmssociety.org/site/TR/Walk/UTUWalkEvents?px=7966238&pg=personal&fr_id=13283 
To all my friends , you will be hearing alot from me about Multiple Sclerosis for the next few weeks . It would mean alot to me if you could share this message and repost and share with your contacts . Making a donation is easy and can be made online on my Walk MS < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you all in advance . http://www.flickr.com/photos/polywog/4488133003/ 
Would any of the local photographers like to volunteer to take the Team photos for the Walk MS this weekend ? Lighting set up may be needed . 
... ' s head is spinning . Wow what an intense 24 hours . Not sure which way is up . lol 
Shout Out : The Ogden Camera Club meets tonight . Everyone welcome . 7 P.M. at the Ogden < PROPMALE > Gallery - 2484 Washington Blvd . 
I know what I'm doing . I have it all planned out- plans to take care of you , not abandon you , plans to give you the future you hope for . < PROPMALE > 29:11 ( MSG ) 
Wow , shot over 600 photographs yesterday . I think I might just be a little busy this week sorting through them . =D Bring on the Music and crank it !!! 
Walk MS photo group is up on flickr . To all photographers that helped shoot on Saturday , go ahead and post what you want to that group . Thanks for all the help . http://www.flickr.com/groups/walkmsutah2010 
Dov Siporin : Speech on Saturday ! The Huntsman Cancer Center asked me to be the keynote speaker at an upcoming conference . Saturday April 17th at 8:15 am . All are welcome , just tell them I invited you . Like most of my presentations , it will be ... interesting . 
Blood drive tonight ( Tuesday ) in Ogden at 943 E . 2850 N . from 3-8pm . No appointment needed just walk on in and bring a friend . We are in big need of A+ and A- , but really need all blood types at this point . 
had trouble sleeping last night . A bit on the nervous side today . I will be glad when everything is all done . :( 
Has just messed with the language settings on FB . I now know I can speak Pirate . Arrgghhh ! \Yar Scurvey self be aprreciat'in this . \ " Blabber t'her mates . " 
Having a WONDERFUL day . Started out with great company ... An awesome speech by Dov Siporin ... A little graveyard walking ... A great soccer game ... Photoediting ... and then a football game . Life is Good !!! 
Dear Lord , as I go into the world today , help me show Your light to all , and to be a blessing to everyone I meet . Amen ! 
And behold , I tell you these things that ye may learn wisdom ; that ye may learn that when ye are in the service of your fellow beings ye are only in the service of your God . Mosiah 2:17 
I just love the smell when you walk under the < PROPFEMALE > trees on a nice warm spring day ! 
Don't try to wipe the smudges off of me . They are the fingerprints of God molding me into the person he wants me to be ! 
Praise the lord for each day he has given . Whether good or bad , it is all part of his plan ! 
If I were to do unto others as others do unto me , how much jail time is that ? 
One more event for this busy Saturday and then Home . Not sure if it will be bed or computer when I get home ???? 
Lots of editing to do . Hopefully I am not so far behind that I forget the really great photos I have taken . hahahah ! 
Had a great time at the Walk MS event yesterday . Took Team photographs of all the large groups and then some . I also found out that it is much easier to work with an assistant , Thank You Maddy for helping out ! Pictures should be posted today ! Also a big thank you to all the walkers who helped raise the money and to make the event so fun . I am definately looking forward to it next year . 
If you are reading this , then you obviously care about what I have to say !.. You like me , Don't deny it !!! :P 
... has been know to cause dizziness , confusion , temporary insanity , mood swings , disorientation and sometimes the giggles . Please use with caution !!! 
Just got back from an Awesome experience . I got to participate in a Drum Circle . It is awesome how 10+ people can make music . Will definately have to go again . :D 
Have you ever had one of those moments where time slows down and you can watch the last Straw slowly settle onto the camels back ? Well I am having one of those moments right now .... AAaarrrggghhhhh ! 
I don't remember buying a ticket for the Crazy Train , but I am enjoying the ride none the less . ;) Woooo Woooooooooo 
And all things , whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer , believing , ye shall receive . < PROPFIRST > 21:22 
Happy Cinco de Mayo ..... < PROPFEMALE > Mas Cerveza\ 
\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaESzYoK3nc&playnext_from=TL&videos=yQksSRZ1l-s&feature=rec-LGOUT-exp_rev-rn-1r-6-HM 
Teach me thy way , O Lord ; I will walk in thy truth : unite my heart to fear thy name . I will praise thee , O Lord my God , with all my heart : and I will glorify thy name for evermore . Psalms 86 : 11-12 
The difference between Knowledge and Wisdom is that knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit and wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad . 
And be ye kind one to another , tenderhearted , forgiving one another , even as God for Christ’s sake hath forgiven you . \ 
Ephesians 4:32 
My brethren , count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations ; Knowing this , that the trying of your faith worketh < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFIRST > 1 : 2-3 
If life is like a box of chocolates , How come I end up with all the Nutty ones ??? 
Planning on a small photowalk with < PROPFIRST > Frye on Sunday afternoon . Plannin on going to Prometory Point after 4:30 and staying till way after dark ... Anyone welcome to tag along . Might be some bad weather and lots of walking . =D 
What is up with this Utah weather ??? Seriously ??? Snow at the end of May ??? 
... wonders how bad he has to act to be placed in \Time Out\ " ???? " 
Warning ! To those of you who have nut allergies , stay away from me since I was born from a family full of nuts . 
Be devoted to one another in brotherly love . Honor one another above yourselves . Romans 12:10 
It has taken me a long time to loose my mind , what makes you think I want a Piece of Yours ??? 
Ok , I guess it is time to get some pretty flowers up off my computer . Who is ready to see some pretty flowers ??? 
\Can I shoot you with my Canon ? \ " =D " 
To Sushi or not to Sushi , that is the question for today . 
Is it Friday yet ?!? 
Does Camping out in the backyard , complete with fire pit and BBQ count as a weekend getaway ?!? 
Who remembers as a child , talking into the fan to hear your \Robot\ " voice ? ;-) " 
? Ooo ee oo oo aahh ahhh , ting tang walla bang bang ? \ 
? I told the witchdoctor I was in love with you ? 
The kids have decided to roast Hot Tamales . They just informed me it is like crystalized melted sugar . Well duh ! 
I have just figured out the secret to a long life ....... KEEP BREATHING !!! 
getting ready to watch IronMan 2 and Robinhood . Got to love the drive in . :-) 
True heroism is remarkably sober , very undramatic . It is not the urge to surpass all others at whatever cost , but the urge to serve others at whatever cost . \ 
~ \ 
< PROPFIRST > Ashe ~ 
Just got back from a spur of the moment hike . A 3 hour hike up to the halfway point of Malin's Peak . Not sure what I was thinking . 
I think today would be a great day to lay on the floor and color . Anyone care to join me ?!? 
Photographers are people too ! Have you hugged a photographer today ?!? 
Your talents are a gift from God . How you use them is your gift back to God ! 
Two Photowalks planned for this weekend . \ 
Friday Night about an Hour before dark at the Stansbury IslandSunday about 1 at the 29th street trail head . Hike to Waterfall Canyon . ( Old guys hiking so will be going at a slow pace . ;) ) 
Woo Hoo . Maddy graduates from 6th grade today . Way to go Sweetie !!! 
... wonders why Off bug spray makes your lips numb ?!? 
Wish me luck .. < PROPMALE > computer overhaul tonight . :-D 
Had a blast at the Great Salt Lake last night . We were at one area and I look down and see a fishing spinner .... I could just picture a couple of guys sitting there , sharing the dentures , eating chew and drinking beer in lawn chairs and wondering why the fish weren't biting ? Things that make you go .... Hmmmm !!! That is my new profile pic . hahahaha 
I know I shouldnt .... but you know I will . :D 
Be careful following the masses ! Remove the \m\ " and who are you really following ? " 
Greater love hath no man than this , that a man lay down his life for his friends . < PROPFIRST > 15:13 \ 
I am thankful for the love that Jesus had for all of us . 
I got a high tolerance for a lot of stuff . BS is not one of them . ;-) 
People that don't know me think I'm quiet ... People that are my friends think im a little out-going .. People that are my best friends think I'm down right insane ! 
uh oh , this can't be good ..... The voices in my head are giving me the silent treatment ! 
NO lightning last night . But some awesome photos none the less . Stansbury Island is an awesome place . Thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . No for more shooting today .... ALL day long . :D 
Just got back from American Fork Canyon Road going over to Midway . Lots of amazing shots taken today . Everything is wet and green . I have been water soaked all weekend . I will be suprised if I dont catch a cold from it . 
* System Error * Hit any User to continue ! 
Some people wonder about a glass half full or half empty ... Me , I fill what is empty , empty what is full and scratch where it itches . 
Going to try and hike to Waterfall canyon tonight and make it before the sunset . Then after that , I will be running down the mountain in the dark . Woo Hoo ! 
Awesome Hike last night . 2 hours to get up the mountain . Got to the top in plenty of time for the beautiful sunset . Thunder Bumpers rolled in but was not able to get a lightning shot . Maybe next time . Headed down the mountain about 9:45 and above mentioned thunder bumbers decided to follow me down the mountain . Got to my car around 10:30 . Nothing like rain and lightning to motivate someone to walk a little faster . 
Somewhere there's someone who dreams of your smile , and finds in your presence that life is worthwhile . So when you're lonely remember it's true : somebody somewhere is thinking of you . 
... is going to the wilderness to sing Hakuna Matata ! 
Got back from an awesome photoshoot tonight . Nothing like having 4 photographers all at one place . 2 modelling , 2 shooting . 
I do not suffer from insanity ... I embrace it and enjoy every minute of it ! 
Wow , I just witnessed some awesome talent , including a 10 year old drawing < PROPMALE > and Hobbes . I just might have to go back tomorrow to see the finished work . 
so i just suggest the kids stick their heads out the window and open their mouths and see how many bugs they can capture ..... And they did . 
wow . Just taught the kids how to play croquet . Now enjoying root beer floats . 
... is thinking ...... and that is where the trouble starts . 
Anything is possible with the right attitude and a sledgehammer ! 
Realized yesterday what an amazing place a hospital really is . I could sit in the lobby for hours and people watch . The wide arrange of emotions that pass through the front doors is amazing ... not too mention the variety of people also . WOW 
doesanyoneknowwhatthebigkeyonthekeyboarddoes ? 
... likes the new Flickr < PROPFEMALE > layout . Bigger photos ... Easily view on Black ... better download protections . Definately will be playing around to get to know all the ins and outs . 
I feel so unboyscoutish ... No tripod ... no bugspray ... no water . I think i will be itching for weeks but the shots from the < PROPFEMALE > are awesome ! 
Ok , I have a tickle in my throat this morning ... I wonder if it is because of all the bugs I ate last night . :P eeewwwwww . I think I beat the kids ' bug eating competition . Bleecckkkk !!! 
Just got back from a great night of shooting . Was shown some amazing abandoned things out at the Great Salt Lake ... Little Valley Harbor Boat Yard , 3 Tug boats and many other things . Unfortunately the clouds did not cooperate with the sunset or the full < PROPFEMALE > or the Eclipse . Next time . Now to get the layers of sweat and dust and OFF scrubbed from this tired boy . 
Is looking forward to the Engagement shoot I have tonight . Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ! Woo Hooo . 
I just realized that my clear conscience might be a sign of a poor memory ! 
Preview of last nights photoshoot coming soon .... < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are like 2 little kids in a < PROPFEMALE > store . \ 
Hahahaha 
? it's like I caught some crazy , happy disease ? \ 
? Damn , it feels good to be me ? 
I'm not feeling myself today .... maybe I should feel someone else ? 
Have you ever noticed that having a phone conversation with someone who has small children is like talking to someone with tourettes ? 
... is questioning his sanity . Is anything worth getting up at 3 a.m. for ? 
... Sanity checked . It was definately worth getting up for ! Awesome Shots ! 
Yesterday was a blast ... Woke up at 3 a.m. , Drove for 2 hours just to see a bunch of bags filled with hot air ( no , not a nursing home ) . Ran errands . Did research . Went to the Great Salt Lake . Hiked across half of Tatooine . Walked into the La Brea Tar Pits . Started a Fire . Put out said fire . Walked < PROPMALE > in the dark . Laid on a bed of Salt . Did I miss anything ? All in all an ADVENTUROUS 24 hour day . :D 
Weather Forecast for tonight ...... Dark ! 
Is having a difficult time getting into an editing mood . :( 
Love all that you can , give all that you have , Smile away your days and dream away your nights . 
Anyone interested in an impromptu photowalk to Red Butte Gardens this afternoon ? 
Thinks it is time to create a new line of lingerie ...... Bubble Wrap Lingerie ! 
My mom says I am special , but I have to keep telling her my name is < PROPFIRST > and not < PROPMALE > ! 
It is said that \Revenge is Sweet\ " and that revenge is a \ " dish best served cold\ " . I am convinced that Revenge is Ice Cream ! " 
You smile at me because I smile at you . I smile at you because I just farted . :P 
Having a Nikon does not make you a photographer , it just makes you a Nikon owner . Hahaha 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . 
What an awesome day yesterday . Awesome shoot at the Great Salt Lake ... amazing models and awesome photographers . Also Landed an awesome long term photography Job ... Thanks < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! Now a day spent in front of the computer editing . Turn up the music and annoy the neighbors . =D 
Hahaha , just spent the last few minutes trying to get a spot of a photo ... Just to realize , the spot was on my monitor . \ 
hahahaha 
~ ~ Out of Service ~ ~ 
Always be happy and wear a smile . Not because life is full of reasons to smile , but because your smile itself is a reason for others to smile ! 
Another Reminder . Photowalk , Stansbury Island this Friday night . Sunset , Light painting and what every else comes our way . 
I'm giving up my naughty ways .... for naughtier ones ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is definately one who makes her rounds ... So my suggestion is to live your life that when < PROPFEMALE > comes back around , you can enjoy the visit and laugh instead of fretting over it , getting slapped around and knocked on your butt . 
Had a blast today and I was able to learn alot just from observing . Will definately help < PROPMALE > Legg out on more shoots when needed . 
Just got back from shooting the Fire that was happening just west of Ogden . Photos to follow . 
Fact : Women are meant to be loved ... not Understood ! 
Being single isn't all that bad . You eat when you want ... sleep when you want ... go where you want when you want . What more could you want ?!? Oh , Yeah ... That ! 
The reason that the grass is greener on the other side is because there is more manure .... Step Carefully !!! 
Yeah ! Sold the < PROPFIRST > ! Now on the hunt for a SUV ! 
Anyone interested in going to the Ogden Raptors Baseball game tomorrow night ? I have lots of General Admission tickets . 
Woooo Hoooo . Thanks < PROPMALE > for the Ride . My new SUV is sitting in my driveway ! Too bad I now have to wait until monday to drive it around . =( 
14 years ago today , my life changed dramatically . I held my baby boy for the first time in my arms . Such a bundle of innocence . Over the years he has shown me such a wide range of emotions , some of them at the same time . Nothing like feeling pride , humor and utter worry all at the same time . He is turning out to be quite the young man . Ladies beware , he will break a few hearts . \ 
Happy Birthday Kyle\ 
Love ya bunches . 
Is enjoying a house full . A long time friend and his 2 daughters are enjoying their stay in my messy home ! 
Ok , Sunflower seeds gone ! Mountain Dew Gone ! That must be a sign to get my butt to bed . 
Cool , a fun filled week ahead . Waterhole today , Lagoon tomorrow , camping on Tuesday . Guess I will get to test the 4x4 this week . :D 
Had a great time today . Went to the Bear River Bird refuge and then hopped on over to the Spiral Jetty . 
Great ! Now the voices in my head have started saying Press 1 if you want to hear this message in English ! 
ok .. This chicken just road the colossus and the wicked . Holy crap ! What a rush !!!!!! 
Ok , this chicken just road the colosuss and the wicked for the first time ... What a rush !!!!!!!!! 
I think I am going to start combining bags of Skittles with bags of M&Ms and then sell them .... Anyone want to buy some S&M's ? 
Rain , Rain everywhere .... I do believe I am soaked to the bone . What and awesome \adventure\ " !!! Life is never boring around me . :D " 
The Ultimate irony ... Choking to death on a Life Saver ! 
Have you ever gone to the store and instantly your children start acting like chimpanzees taht have just escaped from the Mountain Dew Research facility ?... Next time , Join them . =D 
Sunset beach tonight . Everyone welcome . If your not a photographer , your more than welcome to come and get some pictures taken . 
... is in his head and is wondering why it is < PROPFEMALE > messy in here ?!? 
One of the bad things about being single ... It is always your turn to do dishes !!! 
A Touch of Madness makes Perfection ! 
Guess I need to recalculate my shooting to editing ratio . hahaha , I have about 36 photos of \People I Know / Shoot\ " to get through . That is not including all the other fun events . :D I guess that is what winter is for ?!?!? " 
Photography ... Where a Head shot is not as bad as it sounds ! 
Had an awesome night . Good food . Amazing company and breathtaking views . :-) 
Oh , FB is awesome . I just got this message in a PM : \Your message wasn't sent because you're not online . \ " \ 
... was planning on taking over the world today , but I couldnt find enough pencils , duct tape , a big enough ball of yarn and the vending machine ate my last dollar ! 
I believe I am anti-electronic this week . Simple computer problems turn into < PROPMALE > overhauls . Difficulties installing programs . And now My phone doesnt work . Maybe I should not touch my camera this weekend ? hahahaha 
Any < PROPMALE > I can get a tranquilizer gun to play Safari with the kids ??? 
Mondays , Proudly brought to you by the same people who brought you 5 a . m . starts , that piece of hair in your scrambled eggs , country & western music & insomnia !!! 
Sarcasm ... Just one of the many great services I provide !!! 
If Life has you down and out , try licking a power line ... You'll be reenergized in no time ! 
I'm not sarcastic .. My humor has attitude 
I do believe my train of thought just derailed and killed the surrounding brain cells !!! 
Had an awesome day yesterday ! Photoshoot for chingsanctuary.org turned out some awesome shots . By the end of the day , turned into a Zombie and got to shuffle around the dance floor with an amazing fellow Zombie . Now time to load up on caffeine and get some of these photos off my camera !!! Mountain Dew , Here I come . :D 
Don't piss me off , or I'll stop taking my meds . You don't want that do you ? 
Well hot damn !! I survived Monday and I didn't kill anyone ! Bring on Tuesday ! 
The Trouble with Trouble is it usually starts out as FUN !!! =D 
Honestly .. tell me the truth . Does this status make my butt look big ?? 
... has gone insane . Will return on Tuesday !!! 
... is up and out of bed and ready to wreck havoc on the world !!! 
They say the grass is greener on the other side ... that's such b.s. cause when I flipped it over all i saw was dirt . 
... is an unlicensed trouble maker !!! 
I have finally got my butt in gear ... Too bad it is in reverse ! :-} 
I need your prayers today and the next few days . A good friend of mine has a son that has gone into a comma . Please direct your prayers to the Coffey family ! 
Sending out another prayer request ... A special friend of mine is going into surgery monday morning . Thanks =D 
Have you ever wondered if \Slow Children at Play\ " grow up to be \ " Slow Men at Work \"?" 
The Reasons I get up in the morning ... %90 to wreck havoc on the world ... %10 to pee ! 
Does anyone know if I can add the voices in my head as dependants ?!?!? 
I am so outta here . If I get lost , please dont send anyone to look for me . ;) 
I voted for An actress& #039 ;s A-frame remodel-in-progress in the CB2 The Selby Is In Your Place contest . Check it out ! \ 
http://www.theselbycontest.com/entry/83135?=f14n0 
In life , when you hit the end of the road ... kick it into four wheel drive !!! 
Percussive Maintenance is the fine < PROPMALE > of whacking the crap out of an electronic device to get it working again . 
My favorite number in the alphabet is .... Yellow !!! 
We , the unwilling , Lead by the Unknowing , Do the Impossible , For the benefit of the Ungreatful !!! 
If you want others to be happy , practice compassion . If you want to be happy , practice sarcasm !!! =D 
It's nice to have someone in ones life that can make you smile .... Even when they are not around . 
Some people do not like stupid people . Me , I say Job Security !!! 
... is vertical and above ground !!! It is a GOOD day ! 
I figured out the secret to long life .... Keep Breathing !!! 
Awesome Turn out for the Ogden Camera Club Fall Photoworkshop . Had a blast sharing my knowledge and helping out . \ 
Now to get my job finished before the next photowalk tonight in SLC . A sunset photowalk . =D 
Loves Days that almost last 24 hours long ....... NOT !!! X ( 
It doesnt matter how other see you ... It only matters how you see yourself ! 
Through God , everything works out in the end . If it hasnt worked out yet , then it is not the end ! 
May God give you eyes to see beauty only the heart can understand . 
Most people have \RIP\ " written on their head stones .... I am going to have \ " BRB\ " placed on mine ! " 
Whenever you feel weak , remember those who make you strong and whenever you start to doubt yourself , remember those who believe in you .. 
da na na na na na na na ...... BATMAN ! >:-} 
Is it me or has anyone else noticed that Buffalo Wings taste like Chicken ? 
Does any photographers in the Salt Lake area have any shooting location suggestions for around 90th south they would like to share ? 
Can's open .... Worms everywhere !!! =D 
No Witnesses , No Regrets !!! 
will be using the all knowing Magic 8 Ball to make all decisions today ! 
is wondering if the impossible is really possible considering the statistical probability of functional forces when directly proportionate to the impossible . 
Has a firm grip on reality *~* and is slowly CHOKING THE CRAP OUT OF IT ! 
wishes he had more bubble wrap ! 
what do you do when you cant get the thought of someone out of your head ? 
How fast does a zebra have to run to look grey ? 
Whatever I did , I didnt do it !!! 
... did it accidentally on purpose by mistake !!! 
There's snow in them thar hills ! 
... is going crazy today . Why did I decide to stay in today and not go anywhere ??? 
Is working on photographs that are older than he is . Pretty soon I am going to be looking at real life and wondering how I can adjust the RGB balance . :-S 
Oh sooo many forks in the road ahead of me ... =( 
Did you know that Death is the number 1 killer in the world ? 
There are two things that are the same in any language or culture ... One is a smile ... Everyone knows what a smile is . I do believe the second is the pee pee dance . \ 
:P 
someone need to invent Off bug spray that doesnt taste awful ... Yuck !!! 
I am not sarcastic ... I am just funny with a twist of lemon !!! 
Todays wedding was awesome ... and definately one for the record books . I think I will have to create a BnW photo album just because it truly was a Black-White wedding . Congrats to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > White ! 
armed with film this morning . :-) 
lives on the corner of funny street and silly road , In Crazy Town which is in psycho valley , in a twisted state of mind ! 
anything is possible with the right attitude .............. \ 
................................. \ 
and a sledgehammer . 
SERIOUSLY ?!?!?!? How many bones are going to surface all at once ? 
Since there is a speed of light and a speed of sound , is there a speed of smell ? 
Is anyone interested in a slightly used child ? As Is , No Warranty , Great Condition . Almost knows everything . Only 6000 < PROPMALE > , fully \Loaded\ " with Automatic Eye Rolling ! " 
Zip-a-dee-doo-dah ! Zip-a-dee-ay ! My , oh my , what a wonderful day ? Plenty of sunshine heading my way . Zip-a-dee-doo-dah ! Zip-a-dee-ay ! 
How much do you think I can get for my Mother on EBAy ?!?!? 
loves the change in seasons . It is the perfect time to walk around and listen to the mating call of acutecoryza . The distinct sound of * hack * * Hack * * Cough * * cough * * aaachhoooo ! * . I do believe the strongest mating grounds are at Hospitals and Schools . Lucky < PROPFEMALE > , I work at a Hospital School . :D 
So , if tomatoes are a fruit , does that mean that Ketchup is a smoothie ? 
Prayer Request today !!! It has been a rough week . :( I have several friends that are in need of your prayers . I ask that you send your prayers their way for strength ( emotional , spiritual & Physical ) , comfort , compassion , healing miracles , guidance , discernment , etc . \ 
My prayers and thoughts are with all of you . 
Special needs kids want what we all want : to be accepted . Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . 
Have you ever met someone who reminds you of a slinky ? \ 
Pretty much worthless , but quite entertaining to watch when you push them down the stairs ? 
I need to take a look at my kids birth certificates ... because I think I misread the \birthplace\ " location . It obviously says BARN ! " 
I believe I just figured out the secret of Happiness .... a Good sense of Humor and a Bad Memory . =D 
Look at your status , now back to mine , now back to yours , now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down , back up . Where are you ? You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like . I'm on a computer . 
I'll NEVER be a good example , so I might as well be an extreme WARNING !!! 
You don't need to learn algebra unless you wanna grown up to be a pirate . Cause only pirates have to find the X ! 
Ok , big party at my house . Everyone is invited !!! \ 
Directions : You take a left on Crazy Street , You keep going until you hit Insane < PROPFIRST > , then follow that down to Cuckoo Circle . There you will find My place ... The Bat Cave !!! 
Honor and Remember those who have served and are still serving . Pray for them and their loved ones . They fight so we can have a safe and better tomorrow . \ 
Freedom is Not Free . Do you enjoy your Freedom ?... Thank a veteran . 
Who here has played hide and seek with their children and \Forgotten\ " to go find them ? =D " 
is clapping his hands because he's happy and he knows it , and he really wants to show it ! 
<==== Look I am published , There is my NAME !!!! :D 
Yeah , computers and network and Internet is set up . :D 
For those of you who think anything is possible , I am about to burst your bubble .... \ 
I tried to nail Jello to a tree .... Yeah , can you guess the outcome of that ? 
Is loving editing in LR3 . I wonder why it took me so long to just sit down and play with it . 
I'm not a bad influence , I am just a good influence of the wrong kind ! 
Thanksgiving - Family Dysfunction at its finest . 
This is a status update test . This is only a test . If this had been an actual status update you would feel entertained or perhaps lightly amused . * beep * This has been a test of the Dennison FaceBook < PROPFEMALE > . Thank You ! 
~ WARNING ~ I will more than likely offend you at some point in time !!! 
... Never Lick a cactus . It is not as fun as it seems . 
My family tree is a rare one . It produces both fruit and nuts . 
The voices in my head are now telling me to \Press 1 for English\ " ! That must not be a good sign . " 
Facebook is like the fridge . You keep checking on it every 10 minutes , but there really isn't anything new for you to look at . 
Is smiling because the voices in my head are whispering ~ * ~ and it tickles !!! 
has dwarf ears and an elephant snout ... 
I really shouldn't leave my facebook profile open so just anyone can post things to my wall . 
So , I have full control of this profile ... what should I change the profile pic to ? Taking suggestions for a few minutes ... 
What can I do to further the damage ??? 
Ooh !! Ooh ! I should change the password and log out !! hehehe ... that would be evil !!!... Well , I'd have to log out of every other computer that has facebook open for that to work ... nevermind . 
Ok , well , I'm done causing trouble ... time to check my own profile :P 
I dont have children .... I have miniature walking tornadoes !!! 
To all the service men and women who have fought and died , fought and lived , or are still fighting I'd like to say something . \ 
Thank you !!! 
Did we ever find out WHO let the dogs out ? 
In the Great words of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , \Never Kick a Fresh Turd on a Hot Day \"." 
If you think what I say is funny ... You should really hear my thoughts ! 
Has a full cup of Mountain Dew and is about ready to go all Spider Monkey on his pile of editing . STAND BACK !!! 
If my washer and dryer can manage to turn everyone of my clothes inside out .... Why cant they manage to fold them too ? 
Everyone brings us happiness , some as they arrive and others as they leave !!! 
... is not available in some areas and may be to intense for some veiwers . Parental discretion is advised . 
I am going outside and having a talk with old man winter and kicking < PROPFIRST > frost in the snowballs ! 
For Sale ! \ 
One used alarm clock . Darn thing keeps ringing while I am trying to sleep !!! 
Ok . I want a light cycle , version 2.0 :-) 
Whos bright idea was it to give a delusional , feverish man access to the interner ? Oh yeah that would be me . 
whos bright idea was it to give a delusional , feverish man access to the internet ... Oh yeah , me 
Ok , This is what Christmas is about . < PROPMALE > is a truly gifted and talented individual and for hime to be so highly thought of by people around the valley . \ 
Good Job to the < PROPFIRST > Day Trio and to Sidewinder Media 
\The mind is the only weapon that doesnt need a holster\ " < PROPFIRST > Blart . " 
Life is sometimes never fair , but the times that is never fair you learn the most . Live your life with no regrets only memories of the lessons you learned 
I believe that a good day raising boys is one where you can go to bed rejoicing that nothing was either broken or invented that required a trip to the ER ! 
As a young child my mom told me I could be anybody I wanted to be . Turns out the police call it identity theft . 
My good advice for you today is this .... Don't die , it isnt good for your health !!!! 
Is anyone else getting the white screen of death ? oh wait , that is just my windhield . 
To bad one of my multiple personalities isn't a therapist . Then I could find out what's wrong with me . 
If you can't laugh at yourself .... well don't worry , I have you covered !!! Hahahaha ! 
Would it be wrong to ask a one-eyed person if it really WAS all fun and games up to that point ? 
Warning !!! I am fighting the urge to open my stapler and hit people in the forehead with it ! Ka-Chunk , Ka-Chunk ! 
Beautiful fog the last 2 days . This morning , nothin . Oh well , lets see what is happenin at the bear river bird refuge . :-) 
I love being a photographer . Most people have to go out and look for the perfect frame for that perfect photograph . 
I'm not insane !!! I am voluntarily indifferent to conventional rationality . =) 
Its so cold outside I saw a few gangsters walking around with their pants pulled up . \ 
( Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , Too funny not to share . ) 
Note to vegetarians .... My food poops on your food !!! mmmm enjoy that salad . =P 
Is going to start a club of common sense . Many will apply ... few will be allowed to join !!! 
Is anxious to see how The Imaging Depot does on the prints that I dropped off tonight . 4 8x10s , 1 11x14 , 2 of them done on < PROPFEMALE > Metallic and 2 mounted on board . We will see how they turn out . =D 
Welcome to my Status ... Todays specials are sleep deprived , low tolerance for ignorance and dreams of the weekend . Our choice of sides are humor or sarcasm . The dessert of the days is a slice of insanity ..... Dont forget to tip your waiter/waitress . Have a great day ! 
Warning ! Facebook is at it again with their privacy violations ... Facebook automatically scans your brain throught the monitor for your thoughts . In order to block this new threat you must do the following : Wrap aluminum foil around your head , stay calm and breath through your left nostril and whistle every fourth breath . 
Wonders what would happen if I went into SeaWorld carrying a fishing pole ? 
I have heard of a computer taking off , revving up . Hissing , hmmmmin , Today is the first day that I was told that someone's computer was Mooing !!!!! 
Wouldnt it be awesome if Ctrl+Alt+Del worked on Stupid people ??? 
< PROPFIRST > nash , you need to meet me at the bountiful < PROPFEMALE > one night for a sunset . Need to be just a little higher . :-) 
Had a great time at the The Fifth tonight . The lovely Bonneville Bombers did a great job . 
Hahahaha . \I'm not fat ... I'm pooofy ! \"" 
Had a great Birthday . Lots of photography and family and friends . Love all the birthday wishes and thanks to all of you . It really made my day . Only one thing could have made it better ... Maybe next year !!! 
There are 2 words that will open a lot of doors for people in their lives ......... \ 
Push and Pull 
I have the body and physique of a God .... \ 
Buddha !!! 
FOR SALE !!! One used alarm clock ... Darn thing keeps ringing while I am trying to sleep !!! 
Mmmmm !!! Meat on meat with a side of meat . Enjoying me a phillyburger from the pointe bistro . :-D 
Is in desperate need of some ice cream . :-( 
I have a feeling today is going to be a \Just smile and nod\ " kind of day !!! " 
A Time Old Question : Why did the weasel pop ?!? 
When I was younger , i used to make funny faces at the mirror . Now that I am older , the mirror is returning the favor . 
I need some input and opinions . I am looking to get some new glass this year . What are your opinions of Sigma Lenses vs Canon Lenses ? I am thinking about a 200mm 2.8 and/or a longer 400mm or 500mm lens . Do you have any experiences of the differences ? 
Has the Mischevious urge to go to KFC and open a huge bag of feathers and then watch what everyone does .... Interesting photos ?!?!? I think so !!! 
Sorry < PROPFEMALE > Sims and Bonneville Bombers . Had to take a little break tonight and decided to play with a little HDR processing . Will get back on track tomorrow with your photos . ;-) 
Do you ever wonder if the idea of Laptops came from the Etch-a-Sketch ?!?!?!? 
There is an old saying that \One should stay away from bad influences ! \ " My problem is how do I stay away from myself ?!?!?!? " 
Every once in a while you just need to stop what your doing , look up and smile .... for your satellite photo !!! 
I think I am in shock ... 
My advice to all of you .... Live your dreams .... Except the one where you can fly . That one never ends well . 
True friends know how stupid you are ... they have experienced it first hand ... and are still ok to be seen with you in public !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Sanders Reynolds is in need of some models for a swimwear shoot . This is a non paying job but she will provide you with photos for you to add to your portfolio . 
What a beautiful day . It has been perfect to drive around with the sun roof open . 55 degrees is perfect for a year round temp . 
WOMEN'S ASS SIZE STUDY : There is a new study about women and how they feel about their asses . The results were pretty interesting . 30% of women think their ass is too fat . 10% of women think their ass is too skinny . The remaining 60% say they don't care , they love him , he's a good man and they wouldn't trade him for the world . I know ... you're laughing !! Feel free to repost this if you ? your ass 
Things the government keeps from you : People spontaneously combust all the time . Thats is why there are so many shoes hanging from power lines !!! 
I think it is time to become the next millionaire .... I am going to start by buying one ice cream truck , drive around and sell Margaritas and Daiquirs to adults . I figure by the end of the year , I will have a chain across < PROPFEMALE > . The question for you is what music should the trucks play ? 
Seriously , what are we coming too ?!?!? Just watched a person step back and walk towards and automatic door 3 times to get it to open . Have we forgotten how turn the handle and open the door manually ? 
Have you ever wondered why a camera lens is circullar , but a picture is rectangle ? Maybe we should start cropping our pics to be round ? 
Who needs Weight Watchers ..... I have Photoshop !!! 
Statistics show that 3 out of 5 people .... are not the other 2 . 
Anyone interested in a photowalk on Monday ? 
Have you heard ??? 
What an awesome event last night .... but the best is when on the way home , your daughter informs you that it is cool to watch her Dad helping everyone and to hear all the great remarks made by the other photographers . =D 
Going to Antelope island tomorrow . Will meet on the causeway at 10 . 
You know that heat makes things expand ! So I am not fat ... Just extremely HOT !!! ;) 
Birthdays can't be all that bad ... research clearly shows that people who have more birthdays live longer ! 
Hey , don't blame me . You should have read the fine print before you friended me . :P 
Ok , I need some honest opinions .... is Polywography a professional sounding name for a photography business ??? Would you hire a business called polywography ? 
I wonder how long 4 TB of storage space will last me ? 
Interesting layout and snacks at the theatre today . Grape vault and real kettle corn . And suicide slushi . yummy 
According to WebMD , my symptoms mean I died 3 years ago 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jingleheimer Schmidt . . . Yeah , you have it stuck now , You're welcome ! 
The early bird may get the worm ... but it is the second Mouse that gets the cheese ... And I do believe I like cheese more than worms . ;) 
I think spring is here .... potholes and orange barrels are sprouting everywhere !!! 
Looks like I will be helping start a camera club where I work . =D 
There are two types of people in the world . Those with common sense and those who have to pee on the electric fence for themselves . 
< PROPMALE > Campbell , You stink ... :P \ 
I am currently getting high off the fumes of Icy Hot !!!! 
This < PROPFEMALE > is kicking my Trash !!!! 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Stringham , Cyndee < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > D Young , Ninja-Jakk Nielsen , < PROPFEMALE > Casper , < PROPFIRST > Slater , < PROPFEMALE > Mayfield , < PROPFIRST > Barlow and everyone else for coming out to support me . < PROPFEMALE > got Honorable Mention and I placed first in the People category . I think my daughter was way suprised . 
Loving the new Radiopoppers . They work like a dream . It makes it easy to be able to control your lights from the camera . 
Life is so much funnier when you have a dirty mind !!! 
It is going to be busy today . Power is out at the hospitals . Wonder how many power supplies just got fried . :-( 
A < PROPFEMALE > for your thoughts ... A < PROPMALE > if it is dirty !!! 
So if guns kill people , does that mean that spoons make people fat ? 
Thursday Thoughts : Why dont you ever see squirrels poop ? 
Wow .... I just found out that My LIFE is based on a true story !!! 
Had an awesome afternoon shooting a Ninja and Jedi .... Ninja-Jakk Nielsen has her hands full with a cute little Padawan . :D 
Gone insane ... be back Tuesday !!! 
Sometimes I am even afraid of what my mind comes up with !!! 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > for sharing this ... \ 
\I've watched countless photographers waste countless hours trying to prove themselves to others rather than spending those same hours improving their technique and sharpening their eye You get better a lot faster by focusing on improving rather than proving . You learn far more by sharing than by hoarding . \ " ~ < PROPMALE > jones " 
Photography is about seeing all the little things in life and showing others . 
Here is some fun for your St < PROPFIRST>'s Day : Try saying - < PROPFEMALE > Wristwatch !!! 
Does green wasabi count as St < PROPFIRST>'s day food ? :-) 
Had a wonderful day surrounded by body parts .... mmmmm , mmmmmm fun . =D 
Conserve energy !!! How would you feel if someone turned you on and then left ? 
Getting ready to go shoot The Bombers at the Fifth in Bountiful . :D 
Hahaha , Formatting 4 TB takes a LOOONG Time !!! =D 
I'm old enought to know better , but young enough to do it anyway and smart enough not to get caught !!! 
Finding a needle in a haystack is easy ..... just set the hay on fire !!!! 
Definately a Phillyburger kind of day !!! 
Do you ever have a shot that floats around your mind ? It is there for so long that you know just about every detail of it even before you shoot it ? I have had one in my head for almost 2 years now ... I think I got it !!!!!!!!! 
Just another day in paradise , Minus the paradise !!! 
I TOTALLY know the difference between right and wrong . Wrong is the fun one !!! 
You ask ... Do I work ? Uh yes , I work 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I am a Mom , I am an alarm clock , a cook , a maid , a teacher , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a security officer , a photographer , a counselor , a chauffeur , an ATM , a jungle gym & a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay or days off . I work through the ... DAY & NIGHT ....... I am on call at ALL hours . re-post if you are a proud Mother . ?? 
is Kung Fu Fighting , Fast as lightning !!! \ 
Hahahaha , you will be singing that all day now . :P 
My son : \i am eating air\ " \ " zero calories ! \"" 
Looking forward to todays Wedding !!! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > Bartko !!! 
What an awesome day . Shot a lovely wedding at Red Butte , Picked up Pizza and then had a blast playing games . My belly hurts from laughing so much !!! 
Woke up with the biggest smile on my face this morning !!! Those darn kids and their markers . 
? When the day hits your eye like a big ol ' cow pie , that's a Monday !? 
I would think that Mother Nature is old enough to have hit menopause right now !!! Where are the hot flashes ?!?!? 
Woo Hooooo !!! iRock . :P 
I'm an angel ! Yes , horns hold up my halo . But that just means I'm a horny lil angel ! ;) 
head is filling up with images of Greek Gods and Goddesses . Curse you < PROPFIRST > Slater for your infernal ways .... I wonder if I can turn Nemesis on him ? 
and the Lord sayeth onto thee ... thou shall not choke belligerent customers or smacketh dumb coworkers upside the head . Amen 
Had a full house last night . Had a blast !!! Games , Laughing , annoying , loud , quirky , and just plain funny looking !!! =D 
Do not worry about what others think ! They do it so little that it doesnt matter !!! 
