HAPPY NEW YEAR GUYS ! <3 <3 

Well , the furnace is busted again and it's supposed to get 3 below tonight . Life just keeps getting better and better : l 
Black ' A ' 
I LOVE ALL OF MY BROS irl and online . You're all such great friends and I'm really glad to have all of you in my life . It sure would be boring without all y'all <333 
As much as I love helping others , I get real sick of being my family's punching bag . 
That's it , I'm calling the happy police 
I really , REALLY hate people that are so self-absorbed with themselves , that everyone else isn't important to them . 
-_Status update goes here_- 
Lately I've been wondering if anyone actually does care ... 
Good GOD I hate people that channel surf 
I am going to beat someone ... 
WE MUST BE SWIFT AS THE COURSING RIVER 
I really hate not knowing things 
Oh my God , why are people so stupid ? 
Happy Single Awareness Day ~ 
This is a status update . 
I don't understand how I can have so many friends , yet still feel incredily isolated and alone . 
Power surges , do not want . 
Maturity seems to be a lost < PROPMALE > these days . 
I hate not having any inspiration . 
/: 
I wish I owned a time machine : I 
HOKAI , I got one weight off of my soul , let's see if I can get the rest of them too : I 
The roof the roof the roof is on fire ~ 
Oh my /God/ . BC 
HAPPY CLOVERS AND BEER DAY ! 
Lol , I guess I can't just be original anymore . 
Dear neighbors , while you have a nice stereo system , the whole neighborhood does not want to hear your shitty music . Bl 
Golly gee it sure is lots of fun being in constant debt . \\o / 
And once again , I am struck with writer's/artist's block and zero inspiration . Fun times . /: 
And all of the brothers and sisters said \AMEN ! \"" 
QUICK GUYS , HIDE YOUR EGGS ! JESUS CAME BACK ! 
May or may not be losing the internet soon . I don't know when it will happen , but if I'm gone for a while , then you know why |C 
I have come to the conclusion that my neighbors are secretly pirates . 
Wow . Life has kicked my ass this week . 
One never truly realizes how much they need social interaction until they're cut off from it for several days on end : C 
No , negativity , go away . 
A little understanding and respect is all I ever want , but apparently that's just too much to expect . 
So how about that tact ? Some people need to learn it . 
Fuck you Friend Faq . : l 
-status update goes here- 
Happy mother's day to all you wonderful moms out there ! <3 
So , how about that there maturity ? 
\A friend accepts us as we are yet helps us to be what we should . \ " -Author Unknown " 
is in pain . 
wishes her internet would stop PMSing . 
I sometimes wish I didn't care so much . 
Oh hello warm weather , I almost forgot what you felt like . 
wishes she had AC . 
Aaaw buzzkillington </3 
I sure could use some happy . /: 
I feel like I'm living in an oven . 
I wish I had a negativity shield . 
wants more rain . 
is not a doormat . 
Jesus , heaven forbid I try to have fun anymore . 
No AC until fall . Thanks life . 
I have AC finally , but now my computer has an annoying virus . I just can't win at anything . 
Vampires DO exist . They just feed off of willpower instead of blood . 
I should just tattoo \Welcome Home\ " to my forehead ... " 
??? 
brb , destroying Tokyo . 
I don't know why I bother sometimes ... 
really wishes life would stop running her over . 
Guess who's ~*~* employed *~*~ 
I guess I have selective invisibility or something . No one really notices me until they need something . 
nice to know who my real friends are . 
Now I know what wallpaper feels like . 
i hate feeling like i'm living in a box ... 
Soooy < PROPFEMALE > perdedooorrr ~ . 
I feel like that one lone kid at the playground that just hangs out on the swings , while all the other kids play ... I don't like feeling like this . 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN GUYS ! <3 
Mood , where did you go ? You were doing so well ... 
I hear bananas are good for you though . 
really doesn't want to go down that ugly road again ... 
Well , it sure is great to know who my true friends are in a crisis . 
Happy Thanksgiving guys ! <3 I am thankful to have such wonderful friends and family :) 
It's really sad when you miss your friends and they're sitting right in the same place with you . 
can't do anything right . 
Buying > Working furnace . 
IMPORTANT : the whole changing your profile picture to your favorite cartoon character thing was actually created by a group of pedophiles , because if children see pictures of cartoons they will add them . It was currently on the programmer Internet frauds and will apparently be on TV some time ... tonight . Put this as your status to warn people and change your profile pictures back , thank you . 
I get real sick of getting my hopes up for nothing . 
Well , the furnace is completely dead and now we need to stay at my grandma's house , for who knows how long , due to shitty wiring in this damn house . Life is aaaawwsoooome : | 
Well , the wiring is fixed now , so we can survive off of our space heaters again . We're getting a new furnace on Monday <3 
I would like to thank my two co-workers that decided to quit and took away spending Christmas with my family tomorrow . I hope you both fall in a fucking ditch . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS GUYS , I LOVE YOU ALL <3 <3 
Tornadoes in December . What the fuck , Missouri . 
brb , throwing people into the sun . 
NO UNIVERSE , I AM NOT A VIRGO . 
Wish I didn't have to go into work today . 
I am getting so sick of this house . Why do things have to screw up when we can't do anything about it ... 
Getting sick of this weather ... among other things : \\ 
I'm not going to say Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day , because this holiday is pointless . However , I will say that I love each and every one of my friends and family , even if a majority of you make me wanna scream and pull my hair out at times <3 
Migraines are the shittiest things ever . 
: / 
You know you're sick , when your sinuses are BURNING . Thank you , weather . 
I'm fairly certain one of my job descriptions is not \babysitter \"." 
Can't do anything right apparently . 
Apparently Missouri didn't get the memo on how this is spring , not winter . 
It's so nice to have my own wheels again . 
