It is WAY to hot here !!!!! 

It's my birthday in a week !!!!! im gonna be 13 :D 
six more days !!! 
5 more to go !! i got two dresses as an early present ... and am buying more stuff every day almost , cuz thats just about how often i go to the mall with my cus'!!!! 
4 more to go every1 !!!!!!!!! cant wait , im gonna have so much fun ! 
THE ROOM IM STAYING IN JUST FLOODED , I FOUND OUT MY COUSINS BEST FRIENDS ARE RELATED TO ME , AND WE JUST HAD AN ANNIVERSARY PARTY FOR MY GRANDPARENTS ... all in all , life is keeping me entertained . 
hahaha someone just asked me if i've seen anyone be blown up yet ... i thought that was really funny :P but whats even funnier ? my friend asked me if i heard < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died .. its like , im not stranded in the middle of nowhere people !! lol 
i just got back from the beach .. it was so much fun !! but now im covered top to bottom with sand .. i caught a jellyfish !!!! =) 
this morning i went to a cafe for breakfast , and now im hanging out with my cousin !! tomorows my birthday !!! :P we're going to sushi , my fav :D 
OMG !!!!!!! All day today my cousin and I were taking pictures with her camera because i dont have my usb ... anyways ... < PROPFEMALE > many good pictures , and pictures from when we curled our hair ... they were ALL deleted !!!!!!! and it sucks :( and im sad ... but oh w 
WOOHOO !!!!! IM THIRTEEN !! ( according to < PROPMALE > time ) 
went to the beach this morning , got stung by a jellyfish , caught a fish , and two jellyfishes ( the second one by hand ) ;) we also played that < PROPFEMALE > pong thing , and relaxed :) 
I just got back from sushi :) my uncle's taking me shopping and we're going on his motorcycle !!!!!!! im so excited ( lol , noa ) 
taking fabulous photos of me and < PROPMALE > , their super cute and funny ... wish i had my usb !!! ( cant wait to go on that motorcycle ) 
is sick :( but still excited !!!! 
might get another earring if her mommy agrees ( please , please , please ) .. and cant to get on that motorcycle !! :P 
might get another earring if her mommy agrees ( please , please , please ) .. and cant wait to get on that motorcycle !! :P 
I cant go on the motorcycle !!!! someone stole it :( 
is super tired and is getting another piercing !!! 
\\i got my piercing !!!!!!! and .... there\\s a < PROPMALE > i might get a ride on the motorcycle !!!!!!!! 
i hope i dont have an infection it still hurts :( 
OMG OMG OMG ... so i was at this place with my cousin , ( kinda like a summer camp she's a leader person thing in ) and im sitting next to her . Suddenly I feel this crawling sensation on my back ... and i swat at it ( reflex ) , but theres nothing there ... then i 
kinda got over the cockroach ... but IS STILL SERIOUSLY TRAUMATIZED AND SCARRED FOR LIFE !!!!!!!!! 
Cant wait to be surprised !!! ( and is coming home in 12 days ) 
was totally surprised !! i loved my surprise party girls !! u guys are the best :) it was an amazing day ... i also got my haircut !! :P lol noa , but this would have been more exciting if u werent about to fall asleep any moment at the salon !!!! 
had fun at the sleepover and at the noar ... last night downtown was the best girlzzzzzz ( see tal , i didnt leave you out ) ;) 
is going home soon :( and bought her friends presents !! ( lol , i look like ive been to too many tanning salons .. thats how sunburnt i am :P ) 
is counting the days back :( 
is coming home soon .. and will miss everyone a lot !!!!! 
will get on the plane in eight and a half hours ... and has short hair !! 
is going off to the airport in an hour or sooo :( !! i dont think i like my short hair anymore ... lol 
is in the states ... and stayed up all night because of my jetleg !!!!! 
got rid of her jet leg :D ( by staying up until she felt sick ) 
needs summer to be longer 
misses < PROPMALE > :( ........ but is even sadder that she has to clean her room .... which is impossible ... 
needs to clean her room so she can get her sofa bed ... it will be fun !!!! 
@ yosemite ... be back on thursday :( !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
back from yosemite :) 
european guys are hot :P , when i was at yosemite i had to keep turning around cuz i was sure i just saw < PROPMALE > pitt's better looking brother XD 
had an amazing time with my bff last night !!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST>'s was sooo much fun !! stayed up all night buying songs on itunes ... i was REALLY hyper .. but this morning we saw the root beers i drank were caffeine free XD 
is eating nasty sick raspberries that taste really gross , and almost burnt the kitchen trying to help her mom cook XP 
finished such a good book last night !! it was fantastic , definitely my fav , or one of them ! :D 
teaching myself guitar 
had sooo much fun with < PROPFIRST > last night !!!! we totally rocked :P hahaha .. today was ok ... : -t 
I'm a damsel , I'm in distress , I can handle this . Have a nice day . - < PROPFEMALE > 
the musical/ looking at lofts was super fun .. thank you < PROPFIRST > !! 
What do you know about my dreams ? - < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > came over for a surprise b-day party ( lol a two-person party XD ) it was fun :) we made defected snickerdoodle cookies lol 
is back ! \WHY WONT HE JUST CALL THE POLICE !!!!!!!!!!!! \ " lol < PROPFIRST >..." 
dad cooked .... big mistake ... ( sorry dad , sometimes the truth hurts ) I COULD'VE HAD FOOD POISONING !!!!! my tummy hurt really bad ... cuz i had carrots that were spoiled in 2006 !!!!!!!!!!!!!! WTH ?!?!?!?!?! 
had a great time at my bff's!!!! 
had fun at the concert in the park !! lol me and < PROPFIRST > were going crazy ... :P 
school starts tomorrow :/ 
is overwhelmed by eighth grade D; ILL NEVER MAKE IT PAST HIGHSCHOOL !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Please don't talk anymore , it's only going to upset me . - < PROPFEMALE > 
\Patrick actually used to be popular before < PROPFIRST > bought him some good music \"" 
might go to sleep in an hour or two ... i love coffee :D 
hates babysitting :( i cant get any work done ! 
time means money ... and my parents owe me for this : -w 
...... i guess ive learned my lesson ... stupid jerkface ... 
... maybe i should go to sleep ... 
... i guess everyone has crappy weekends .. but this one came out on top .. i guess there's always tomorrow :) 
smoothies make everything better 
hates picture day .... except for the fact that i got to miss p.e. :P my pics always come out crappy !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
my back hurts , i have to sleep on the couch , but my room is repainted .. and i just got back from ikea .. theres something beautiful about driving on the highway at night ... idk , its like a city beauty ... like new york at wintertime :) 
tonight will be the first night sleeping on my new bed !!!! im so excited !! haha 
i baked a cake :D 
is listening to her itunes on shuffle ... its like listening to one of those classic rock channels lol XD 
i can still hear you saying ... we will never break the chain 
r.i.p. < PROPMALE > :( 
just got electricuted !!!!!!! ( cant spell that lol ) 
does not feel good .... and im fasting :/ 
only 4 and a half hours to go !!!!!!!!!!! 
just got back from the beit knesset ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > everyone :) 
Memories fade but the scars still linger Goodbye my friend Will I ever love again 
and it dont have to make no sense to you at all , this is my interpretation .. 
hates math ? 
WHO STOLE MR . YOSHIDA'S TESTS ?!?!?!?!?! IMA HAUNT YOU DOWN !!!! that just cost me my grade :'( 
does mr. yoshida have no mercy ? 
typing up notes for mr. yoshida ... did he really talk this much ?? 
im so close to the beaver pelts !!!!!!!!!! 
only 3 or so pages to go !! 
' s back has been hurting VERY BADLY ... mom says its related to stress :/ 
im almost done ! 
you guys !! i finally finished ( with the notes) !!!!! ... hope mrs. < PROPFEMALE > forgives me for not doing my english hw :/ 
r.j. pushed me into the pool during p.e. and i scraped my arm XD it was not fun but it was hillarious i splashed him and he started screaming like a little girl .. lol i love our group :D 
i bought super soft gloves .. mmmmmmmmmm 
gotta get ready to go babysit ... yaay :/ 
we need more vacation ... all this stress is very unhealthy .. im gonna die so young :'( 
is loving this weather ! < PROPFEMALE > cracked my back ....... OWWWWCHH :P 
had some amazing pie .. 
is it just me ? or can some songs soften the mad drums pounding in my heart .. 
bought 57 books today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! that was SOOOO much fun .. call me a dork , i dont care XD 
has the song still loving you by the scorpions stuck in her head right now :P 
ok , now i have the song take on me by aha stuck in my head ... that song is so fun to listen to !!!! 
talked to her bff from across the nation for almost an hour !!!!!!! 
hates homework .... why cant life be simpler ? 
went to the village venture with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > .. had SOOOOOOOO much fun !! XD lol , i left the house for a few hours and came back with two tattoo's ... TURTLE POWER !!!!! :D 
is losing everything 
serving crap on a platter doesn't make it anything but crap 
\Lose your dreams and you will lose your mind \"- Rolling Stones " 
\People are strange when you're a stranger \"- The Doors " 
went trick or treating with her best friend :) < PROPFEMALE > makes me feel sick tho :( 
doesn't feel good . 
\and if your head explodes with dark forbodings too ill see you on the dark side of the moon\ " -pink < PROPMALE > " 
time to go to sleep ... i didnt even finish half my stuff :/ 
had an AMAZING time at her besties party !!!!!!!!!!!! went TPing for the first time ... it was enlightening 
so weird .. my ipods on shuffle and im listening to mr. brightside ... all of a sudden i just feel like making a super crazy change . 
i think i just grew half an inch ..... i feel taller . :) 
i didnt even finish my hw :/ 
is getting ready to go see cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of meatballs with her bff !!! <3 im so happy i just found i still have 20 bucks , im not broke anymore !!! XD lol 
You've got your nuclear boots And your drip dry gloves And when you bite your lip It's some reaction of love . -The Cars 
i really dont wanna do my hw :/ 
loves history :) 
its demis bday !!!!!! <3 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > needs to get some acting skills , for the sake of summit entertainment ... 
taught herself how to play smells like teen spirit on the guitar ... love that song XD 
hahaha some critic just called twilight the most sexually charged movie with no sex in it XD and that its not just for teenage girls but it turns anyone who sees it into a teenage girl ... lol love this guy !! 
why have i been hearing christmas songs all week and its only november ?!?! 
58 notifications ://///// i do not wanna do this XD 
is loving one-metallica ... amazing song 
saw some awesome movies today :) one of them was the making of dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > , i saw the twilight zone movie lol , and then i saw casablanca , and the way we were . 
dude ... whytf cant people make decent music these days ? 
you kno whats beyond me ? why do models have to be half naked to advertise shoes ? or bags ? r the people who make the merchandise really that self-conscious about what they made ? its like their not even trying to sell the product anymore ............. 
dangit ! i just lost The game XD i need to stop thinking so much lol 
how can ur mind wander from red shirts to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > in less then 5 seconds ? 
hey ! its friday ! now i can actually get some sleep XD 
finally got to bed last night around 1 .... and broke her bed ?? O.o 
goshdangit .... tomorows monday ://////// NO !!!!!!!!!!! :'( 
9 o'clock and i havent started my hw .... i never thought id take part in the act of masochism ... lol :P 
hot coco ... yum 
has like 9+ blisters on her feet ... no joke . and i doubt ill make the team :( lol i feel so short next to the other people XD 
is waiting anxiously for 5 oclock , i have a feeling that i didnt make it cuz i suck like that lol , oh and i made the spelling < PROPFEMALE > haha 
didnt make the cut :/ 
First night of Hannukah ( ok there are so many ways to spell it so idk if this is right ) was ok , I wore a dress and actually did something with my hair and stuff so it was different lol , oo and i got mu UGG's and the cd i wanted !! :) i still feel bad about the basketball thing tho :( 
hasnt done any hw for the past 2 hours cuz im too lazy to get up walk 2 yards and get my paper lol im so pathetic 
OMG my bed is all glitter !! XD neeeevvvvveeeerrrrr letting my mom wrap gifts on my bed EVER again ... hahaha my pjs are gonna be glittery !! lol 
is choking on applesauce !!! omg literallyyyyyyyy ouch !! XD EEWWWWWWWW I HAVE HW !!!! O.o 
its my sisters birthday !! <3 
omg i need to start on my bookcover ://////// 
needs to read 400 or so pages by tomorrow ... I WILL NOT USE SPARKNOTES or anything like that X ( 
just got two shots .... i was bleeding really bad ... and i cant move my arm it hurts so much !!! 
had a good time at the village :) 
is allergic to cats :'( 
had just about the best weekend ever ... can u say AMAZING !?! 
just found out im part of the group medical marijuana movement ? wtf ? i never added that .. 
who is the creep that asked me 57 questions on formspring ? hahaha thanks for giving me something to do :P 
omg is it really sunday ???? dangit i have homewooorrrrkkk ;'( 
but what if i dont waaaaannnnnnnaaa do my hw ? :/ 
had a lot of fun today :) guess what , its my half bday !!! :D 
had fun :D thanks for an awesome time girlss ! <3 
is eating ice cream , listening to music , and actually enjoying math .. anything thatll help me forget ill have to start my great seal project tomorrow :'( 
that was horrible . im not done with ANY of my homework . not the project , not the math , not the english , and not the science , -__- . im a failure .... hhhhh ... 
im really confused : its almost midnight . i just got on fb for the first time today . and i havent done my homework yet ... oh well . 
He loves me , He loves me not . That is one scary psycho french lady !! the movie probably wasnt meant to be scary , but im scared of my own voice right now ! Even tho it was a foreign film , it was good , and i love that french music , awesome :D 
people , if u get somehthing saying may he live forever , please ignore it ... that would be my retarded friends speaking . 
i cant believe its < PROPFEMALE > again :( 
idk if i should eat lunch today ... i mean my dad made it ... last time i had his food i was almost food poisoned O.o 
ugh mr. yoshida doesn't have to talk so freakin much ... 
i think ima just do my hw tomorrow morning ... i love reverse minimum days XD 
im just gonna wear my dress from 6th grade to the dance class tonight ... the one in the pic , but for some reason it looked better on me back then :/ 
we had a black out today and our wii , computer , fridge , microwave , and home phones got ruined :/ 
met up with an old friend . old friends are the ones that will stay with you forver :) my astrology reading thing on fb says im gonna have drama tomorrow , and im gonna be in a stressful mood ... i can only imagine whats gonna happen :/ 
why does everyone all of a sudden have a middle name ? O.o 
facebook changed and it's making my head hurt :( 
im huuuunnnggrryyyy !!!!!!!!! :'( 
i got horrible people on my iflirtz , but at least now I know what mistake I made . It's the same mistake I made last year too , I said i'm smart . 
omg im so in love ... < PROPFIRST > bacon has the same birthday as me <3 
the basketball game last night was like no other , it was sooo intense !! everyone was standing on their seats and my voice is so hoarse XD we won !!! GO CMS !!!! <3 haha 
omg i have so much homework . 
< |3 
u kno how u kno when uve found an amazing song ? when u listen to it , and at least one part of it makes u have chills that run through your whole body . your heart stops cold . and you feel like uve run a mile . its more powerful then anything ive ever felt . and more powerful then what i kno of love . and like the rolling stones say , its the singer not the song ( thats not the song i was listening to though ahaha ) 
made bike marathon :) i was really happy ! i hope its ok im blowing off my hw tonight cuz tomorrows career day so im just gonna say i left it at home :P 
today was lots of fun :) hope tomorrow will be just as good !! 
state , here we come !! :D 
today was awesome ! :) 
this weekend has been amazing :D i <3 u guys that make my days exciting 
thinks its freakin dumb that someone can have an amazing weekend and wake up on monday to greet the crappiest mood u can think of . 
has had the . worst . week . ever . 
why are people i dont know adding me ? i mean like people i have no mutual friends with ... 
actually started cleaning her room ( < PROPFEMALE > we need to celebrate haha ) . i finally realized my parents weren't kidding when they said i lived in a pigsty :/ 
migraine . 
noooo hw nooo :( 
feels like things should be getting better ... which is making things even worse 
is gonna go to the hollywood bowl soon to see < PROPFIRST > mccartney :) 
That . Was . Like . Nothing . I . Will . Ever . See . In . My . Life 
is spending the first day of spring break at home . lovely :/ .. but im still ecstatic , no school for a week ! and death valley !! cant wait :D 
f*ck you- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
is gonna have the best time everrr ... 
that was a fantastic trip :) thanks so much Grace Sanchez-Hagen , Alexandrea Hagen , < PROPFEMALE > Vasquez Bergstrom , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Patterson for a great time ! 
i hate teachers who give hw over break ... its kinda sad i dont look forward to going to school after break anymore :/ .. 
good night everyone ... sweet dreams <3 
thinks the amount of homework we get after break is ridiculous . 
What about the night we cried ? Because there wasn't any reason Left to keep it all inside . 
doesn't remember what exactly shes supposed to be waiting for ? 
formspring is pissing me off so bad 
had a dream that she and Mick Jagger fell in love with each other ... ( in my dream he wasnt 66 lol ) 
today was pretty cool ... this weekend is gonna be fun :) 
hoommmeewwooorrkkk -_- this sucks . our weekends should be a break from school and the work that comes with it ! 
no one ever asks me anything lol http://formspring.me/edenraviv 
some people just disappoint me ... if everyone thought that way there would be no progress anywhere . the world would be helpless and unfair . and the ignorant would be the righteous . 
vote for < PROPFEMALE > as v.p. :) 
just ate about a gazillion marshmallows hehe ... CONGRATS < PROPFEMALE > !!! :) 
http://www.formspring.me/edenraviv 
tomorrows gonna be horrible ... 3 hours of testing for math :/ 
tomorrow's state competition ... wish us luck :) 
is a failure . 
is going to little tokyo for mother's day , what are u guys doing ? 
is gonna have a pretty packed week ... hope i can manage :) haha 
got to see my map exam grade today after school ... guess what i got ?? 
yea ... i really dont kno what to do ... 
spent the last hour packing for bike marathon , while listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , im surprised no one woke up yet ? its on my comp .. i only packed some pj's , and an extra shirt or tomorrow , and a sweatshirt ... thats the least ive ever packed for anything ! 
had a lot of fun at bike marathon ... except or the part that i only got 3 hours of sleep , and it was either super cold or super hot haha ... when i got home , i was so ready to take a shower u have no idea ... but guess what ? were redoing the shower .. today . 
has been really tired lately ... 
my brother's getting an ipad . fml . 
Grey's Anatomy was SO intense last night !! I was literally shaking on the edge of my seat ... 
just had some amazzzing food mmm :) 
has WAY to much homework ... 
\There are more slaves today than ever before in human history . \ " This is shameful . " 
its 9 ? right now ? when did time leave me behind ? 
pretty much someone hacked me and im sorry if i missed deleting it from ur profile 
\Eden do you want to come with us to this concert ? \ " . \ " When is it ? \ " . \ " In three months\ " . \ " But when ? \ " . \ " Forget it you don't even wanna go anyway\ " . Thanks dad . " 
one month . had fun today :) didnt like being in front of that crowd tho .. good job guys ! 
He must remember that . He must never expect or hope for anything different . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Trumbo 
is lady gaga trying to sell her music or her body ? i looked up one of her songs on youtube and halfway through i noticed i felt like i was looking at a prostitution commercial or something and her song was just the background music .. its like shes making a joke out of herself , its just not funny . 
had fun tonight ! sorry if i looked like a fool ... cant help it :P 
is having one of the best days ever . it cannot be ruined & ill never forget it :) 
i guess i spoke too soon ... 
cant wait for chs ! 
4 parties in the past 3 days .. this summer is starting off quite nicely :) 
has been really bored lately .. i kinda feel like spending this summer in my room :/ 
ortho appointment today ... man are they gonna be pissed at me ... 
is going insane .. these stupid flies are driving me CRAZY !! 
just saw the saddest movie ever and is now crying her eyes out ... first time in forever haha ... 
one week guys ... :) 
excited for today ... < PROPFEMALE>''s a creeperr 
4th of july today ... im wearing red white and blue hahaha ... first time ive staid here this long :) 
had an awesome time today .. best 4th of july ever :) 
friendship is a two way thing , its not something you can just call upon when you want it or need it .. im glad i got to spend some time with friends before i leave :) 
feels like summer is pretty much over .. but really all awaits me is a new adventure .. its gonna be so different and ive been waiting for it all year , i just hope my experience will grow to my expectations :) i hate < PROPMALE > & that stupid book ! 
would really like a nap now .. please .. :/ 
woke up a while ago ... i cant sleep !! i already miss you guys so much ... last night was a win haha < PROPFEMALE > Des is the best ! 
thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday :) it really means a lot and i hope i replied to everyone !! haha ... im so hot temperature-wise its incredible :P 
was up from 3:30 in the morning yesterday , went to the market with my little sister and then took her to a playground . then i went and < PROPMALE > out with my other grandparents and dad ... my uncle took me over to my cousins house and then me , her , and her friend went on a bus to this shopping place in Tel Aviv ... 
by the time we got back i was so tired cuz i had already been up 14 hours and i only had 4 and a half or so hours of sleep .. when i got home we left to go to my uncles apartment on this roof and we had a barbeque and a mini bday for me ... i fell asleep and got crap from my mom , 
but i finally got home and went to sleep around 11 . that means i was awake for 19 hours . this morning i woke up at 7 because these stupid birds WILL NOT SHUT UP ... besides that , i feel like im in my personal hell-hole since this place feels like a sauna . all in all , life is good ? :) 
is a summer camp councilor :) 
wow . life is pretty darn good . if i was with < PROPFEMALE > DesCombes id knock on wood ;) 
no , Yonatan < PROPFEMALE > , i will not be your boyfriend until you shower . haha today was too much fun :) 
sorry Yonatan < PROPFEMALE > , now i cant be ur boyfriend cuz im getting married to ???? ???? :)) haha funn 
is all wounded ?! < PROPMALE > always does this to me :P 
' s feet hurt :( 
is tired ! i had a long day today .. but it was fun :) 
was in the sea for 4 hours . now im brown and sunburnt .. haha 
looks like a tomoato . 
is worse than an idiot . im a shoe :/ 
is all mosquito bites and battle wounds from slippers , sandals , and flats ... also , my face is peeling .. some parts are still red , others are dark from the tan part of the burn , and a part of my nose is pink :/ its bugging me ... 
today was the last day of the summer camp i was helping out with .. the good-bye ceremony was really emotional , very well-thought out :) im gonna miss everyone tons .. these were the best 2 weeks ever .. 
so basically two days ago i lost my favorite flip flops that ive had for more then 2 years . they're < PROPFIRST > hilfiger , and already had the shape of my foot .. and they were sooo comfortable :'(( ... they were the ones with the whole from the rusted nail !! and now i could just die :/ 
people are confusing && i dont like it :/ but i confuse myself the most ... 
can someone please pinch me ? 
just when things get good everyone leaves :/ im going to miss everyone !! what time do you guys get back thursday ? 
wishes summer wouldnt end :( theres not enough time ... today was tiring ... 
is going crazy . 
spent the day with my uncle's new puppy :)) shes the cutest ! 
misses him ... today should be fun .. i wanna get my nails done and haircut ... and im for sure going to see Avshalom Gol's new puppy again !! :) 
got her hair cut :) idk what to think of it yet ... 
the converter between my comps charger and the israeli outlet is ruined . so now my computer is dead and i have no way to charge it .. 
is already missing < PROPMALE > .. i dont wanna leave !! 
just spent a couple of hours walking through old jaffa , having a sambousa at the abuelafia , and walking beside the mediterranean sea at night .. i finally found my camera charger so i was able to take a few photos :) 
i hate her . so much . 
does your mother know ? 
went to the kiosk to buy my cousin a lolipop , and bought myself a nectarine at the market .. now i feel a little better ... on my way home i thought about all the adventures i had here when i was little , and how i dont have half the imagination i used to .. 
really needs to start seeing things more clearly . 
yesterday i slipped in the shower and stubbed my toe in the wall , i couldnt sleep all night and i cant walk now . im blaming < PROPFIRST > Sirenko :P today im leaving for a kibbutz in the north were we have family friends , it should be intensely hot but i might live :) 
is back from the kibbutz , and is intensely tired .. 
doesnt feel good :/ 
doesn't even want to mentally prepare for school yet ... 
i am not naive . you dont know me . 
itss friday the 13th !! :)) 
umm guys , i think you have something on your back ? (: Meitar ??? ' ? ??? ' ? Shabtay , Yonatan < PROPFEMALE > , Mor Shiloach , Saar Erez , Shahar Kadayér , ???? ????? 
cant sleep cuz im coughing so much :( someone help me sleep ? 
is suuuuunnn buurrnttt ! 
last day in < PROPMALE > . i hate how time flies . 
pretty much had 3 hours of sleep and then went sight seeing all day .. < PROPFIRST > is pretty cool :) 
i can hardly walk my feet hurt so bad .. the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > really does look at you from all angles (: < PROPMALE > Englebert 
yea , that wasnt rain .. but is there such a thing as a 20 minute rainstorm ? < PROPFIRST > is so confusing .. :) 
tomorrow morning is our flight back to < PROPFEMALE > ... im going to miss < PROPFIRST > .. and i already miss you guys in < PROPMALE > :/ 
ok . so we just got the internet back up . im home , my braces are off , and i finished registration . it was nice seeing some of you guys again :) 
had a very nice weekend , thanks girls ! the fashion show was like no other (: 
why is everyone so excited ? i think of work and i wanna shoot myself ... 
this is officially the worst feeling ever . i hate them . 
just when i thought i was done with braes ... retainers :/ 
first high school football game tonight .. funnn (: 
im so sick of school already :'( 
Got my phone taken away , and took a much needed nap (: 
my dad should seriously hide the hanukkah gifts .. no joke i cannot find my phone ANYWHERE 
Should I be thinking about Sadies ? idt ill ask anyone ... 
to everyone : happy holidays ! i hope you all have an amazing & sweet new year (: i love and miss you all , can't wait to see you next year <3 
fml . 
wow that was the saddest G rated movie ive ever seen in my life ... thats just depressing ... 
Everyone , I'd like to apologize for anything I could have done to hurt you . I like to think that I usually have people's best interest in mind , and everything i do is out of love . I'm sorry if i said , or did anything I souldn't have . I love you guys , you're my life <3 and to my friends and family in israel : happy holidays :) i miss you all so much , and think of you everyday . I hope the tzom goes by easily , good luck . 
in spirit ... again ! < PROPFEMALE > DesCombes Caity Pfau 
wow .. is the universe trying to tell me something ? 
its sad when i have to hear what you did from someone who doesnt even know you . 
needs to prioritize a little ... 
i like it in my closet <3 
had an amazing weekend , lots of good memories .. but its not over , now i get to attempt my homework (: 
i think today was one of the worst days i have ever experienced . 
soooooooo tired .. i havent slept in FOREVER .. speech and debate was so hilarious today .. i swear Alexandrea Hagen , i think they were about kick us out hahaha .. so funny (: 
football game was AMAZING (: 
needs some serious help . 
my phone is seriously screwed up . like its water damaged for real this time ... 
screw math . 
idk how im gonna dance tonight ... i hope my knee feels better ! ( and i hope i find a dress ) hahaha 
homecoming wasnt bad (: 
had a great time with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! ily girl :) 
Alexandrea Hagen , \You have a YOUWKNEECK personality\ " hahahaha " 
it kinda sucks how our < PROPFEMALE > of time changes throughout the years , as well as our desires ... one moment used to be a lifetime , and now a lifetime is going by too fast ... before you know it , its all gonna be over ... 
feels like crying cuz i have to prep for that stupid socratic seminar tomorrow ... i wish i could just go to sleep :/ 
watching the tigger movie with my little sister (: \ttfn ! tata for now\ " haha " 
did the best shopping ever today ! (: 
i guess i might as well ... like this status and ill tell you what i like about you (: 
has been feeling sick all day :/ 
definitely shouldn't have eaten right now .. 
where did everyone go ? O.o 
pretty much , overall , had an amazing weekend .. :) 
Alexandrea Hagen dont forget our deal !! :) 
got hw from every class ? that was unexpected ... cant wait to blow all my money on friday !! :) 
its nice how different people from different backgrounds can always come together on days like this to enjoy amazing food , great company , and gratefulness .. im very grateful for the people i can love in my life ... 
is so incredibly screwed . kill me now . 
i guess today's the day im supposed to start homework ? :/ hahaha this wasnt that smart of me .. 
this week is going by pretty well :) nothing drastic has happened yet , and tomorrow's the first night of hanukkah ! 
this whole week ive had so much hw .. including this weekend :/ but tomorrow's gonna be amazing , kings vs . red wings will be a lot of fun :) 
game was amazing , kings won ! tonight's gonna be a great end to a wonderful weekend :) 
tiramisu <3 
is gonna find a way . :) 
little . brown . bag . :) 
might as well already say goodbye to winter break , its gonna go by so fast !! annddd thank you < PROPMALE > Englebert :) 
???? ???? , i am not an old man :P 
new years resolution : im gonna work on some self control :) 
feels like i never left school ... 
needs sleep ! 
is in such . a bad . mood . 
oh shoot .. im gonna have to break into the school again :/ 
has been watching movies and eating alll day .. best prep for finals ;) 
The Bachelor = Pimp . 
oh mrs. mumper .. :/ 
weirdest . dream . ever . 
that was a good movie . :) 
has had the best weekend . ever . :) 
\Mother superior jump the gun \"" 
had an awesome day today :) especially eating my life away with Demi May <3 
had an awesome time stealing children's food with < PROPFEMALE > Martinez (: haha 
sugarr rushhh ..! Noushawn Noorzady :) 
loves bananas <3 
ouch :/ bad ideaa ! 
today is a good day :) 
homina-homina hey ! :) < PROPFEMALE > Umansky , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Mrs. evans lied . This iSearch thing isn't taking half an hour . I've been sitting here for the past hour trying to decide what i wanna do haha 
But < PROPFEMALE > smiled and took me by the hand\ 
And said dear boy I'm gonna make you a man- The Kinks . 
ended the day exactly like i started it , except for my hair being up , and pink frosting on my shoe ;) 
valentines day <3 
that was so dangerous and exciting and tiring ! how do people do it ?! 
loves icing <3 
Noushawn Noorzady <3 
i <3 < PROPFEMALE > Martinez's grandpa with the curly hair !! 
its a cold day in july .. 
should i go tonight ? 
is such a freak ! 
had to ask the hardest questions evvveerr for my isearch ! 
i guess i could play along .. like this and ill tell you your best feature , my first impression of you , and rating :) 
what am i missing ? 
< PROPFIRST > Hagen is having sex in a tent ! 
sometimes you cant win with everything .. this may be the first time its smarter for me to give up .. 
this weekend should be interesting ! 
Sigalit Gol Raviv , < PROPMALE > Raviv , have fun in < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
just finished my science fair experiment .. time to start the report&project ?? 
You are not real . 
looking at old posts from the summer .. i miss you guys in < PROPMALE > so so much ! :( 
had such an amazing time tonight ! <3 
has blisters from dancing with those dang heels all night long :/ watching disney movies with my sister is the best way to spend a sunday afternoon ! 
worst . school day . ever . 
wants to play a game of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !! 
ceramics , oh ceramics .. why do you have to be so mean to me ? 
finally , a good day :) 
What I've noticed ? light brings us hope . there is no way to frown before the sunshine :) 
about that character journal ... 
