Life has thrown some lemons my way this past week . I have to admit I have been upset and confused as to what I should do , but I realized everything will be ok because I have a husband that loves me no matter what and a beautiful , smart , and healthy daughter . So with this being said as long as I have my family I WILL BE OK !!! 

Oh so bored !!! 
perfect way to end the day I am watching SPACE JAM with Ashlynn ! 
It's Friday !!! I'm off to drop Ashlynn of at school and then to work I go . 
Life sucks my dishwasher broke and Sears can't come out until September 7th ! All I can say is this sucks ! 
Oh so bored ! 
There's nothing like jamming out to 80s & 90s rock while cleaning the house ! 
< PROPMALE > Michaels is one sexy piece of man ! 
MY dishwasher is finaly fixed !!! 
Why do some moms think they are better than everyone ? 
Wishing I was back home to Kidnap my Best Friend and take her out for a girls night ! 
Does life have a rewind button or at least a pause button ? 
UGH ! my kitchen is a mess but i got my marinade made and meat in it also got my Southern banana pudding made . At least < PROPFIRST > wont be home for awhile so I'll have time to clean it up but I am taking a break . 
Going to my first < PROPFEMALE > Tech tailgate party tomorrow . Hope I have fun ! 
What a nice dat its almost 2 and its 68 degrees out ! 
WOOHOO 4 days now without having to turn on the AC . The weather is so nice right now ! 
< PROPFIRST > IS A PAIN IN THE ASS !!! 
Thinking about moving back to Arizona . 
Our government is full of idiots ! Who the hell sends 72,000 people that are dead stimulus checks ? What a wonderful government we have they truly are looking out for everyone’s best interest . 
It's nap time , I am so tired ! 
ok so it looks like I'm leaving on the 21st 
Ashlynn brought home another report card of straight A's! I am sooooooo proud of her . 
So tired I hate packing ! 
2 more days ! 
What a great start to the day more packing Woohoo ! 
33 more hours till we pullout and I'm not done packing and cleaning 
21 hours till we leave 
14 hours 30 minutes 
11 hours 30 minutes 
7 hours 30 < PROPFEMALE > 
In Alabama 
Leaving BAMA 
out of birmingham 
Almost to epes Alabama 
In Cuba 
In Mississippi 
I'm going to < PROPMALE > 
We are in Louisiana 
IN TEXAS 
My ass is numb ! 
Does Texas ever end ? 
Yay for me I'm in pecos 
Going home today Woohoo ! 
Arizona I missed you 
I'm home ! 
Can't wait for my husband to be home ! 
My husband is home !!! 
What a great morning had my car broken into ! 
Is it time for bed yet ? 
I wanna go back to bed and sleep this day away 
Going to NASCAR today 
Change of plans going to Prescott to watch the race 
Laying her next to < PROPFIRST > while he is snoring , trying to think of a way to make him quit ! Any ideas ? 
Can't wait to go shopping on black Friday 
WARNING !!!!!!..... DO\ 
NOT USE THE Christmas tree app . on Facebook please be advised it will \ 
crash your computer . Geek squad says its one of the WORST trojan-viruses\ 
there is and it is spreading quickly . Re-post and let your friends \ 
know . 
Is this day over yet ? 
Good morning ! Hopefully today goes my fast 
Already thinking about lunch only problem I don't know what I want to eat . 
Take your kids shitty diaper and throw it away outside so I don't have to smell it ! People are so inconsiderate . 
Hopefully I get off work early today and then a movie with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > possibly a beer after . Today will be a good day ! 
You are so pathetic ! Go get a job and support your kids . 
I need some suggestions of what to do for Ashlynns birthday 
Woohoo its Friday ! 
I am so ready for today to be over . 
I am so sick and tired of dealing with incompetent people . 
Thinking about quiting 
Oh so bored at work 
Gotta love Arizona today high 80 the high in Atlanta 28 
11 more days until we watch the cowboys/cardinals on Christmas Woohoo ! 
Should I dress Ashlynn in red or blue to go watch the game ? 
It is to early to be up 
I'm up showered and dress now I am ready to take on the mall with < PROPFEMALE > 
Ashlynn just said \ Men drive me nuts ! \ " And I completely agree with her . " 
I just want to go back to bed and snuggle with my < PROPFEMALE > 
Woohoo Ashlynn got straight A's and A+'s 
Why am I so tired already ? 
It's almost 10pm I am tired and only got my homework done partialy . I am going to bed and hope I will fall asleep quickly unlike the past few night when I have been awake pass midnight . 
I have a feeling tomorrow will be a Starbucks morning 
Goodnight ! 
Dear alarm clock , you have been working so had to make sure I am up on time this week . you have done such a great job so I am going to allow you to sleep in tomorrow morning . now dont worry about me waking up on time though I will use you as my excuse as to why I am late in the morning . 
Off to get my toes done 
I am freezing it is 60 degrees in my office 
Why does it have to be so cold ? 
So bored at work . I need a drink ! 
These ufc boys make me hot 
TOUCHDOWN ! 
THIS HALF TIME SHOW SERIOUSLY SUCKS ! 
Sitting at work wishing I wasn't here 
I hate working with dummies ! 
Woohoo my Dyson just arrived ! 
How can some people start snoring the second they lay down ? 
I need a new job 
Does life have any easy button and if so where do I find it ? 
Where is that dang button ? 
You drive me crazy ! 
So exhausted but I still need to pack 
SHOW LOW HERE WE COME 
I am craving a GCC 
I hate being sick ! 
I still hate being sick 
Why am I so tired 
My hubby is the best man ever . He is superman . He makes the best love makin . I am going to worship him . 
Dude some chick next to me just asked a random lady to watch her two toddlers while she went to the bathroom . Seriously people are crazy 
I had parent – teacher conferences tonight and I have to say I am so proud of Ashlynn . She got straight A’s on her report card . Her teacher also said she is recommending that Ashlynn be tested for gifted classes , and as of Ashlynns age group she should be reading at about 40 words per minute but she has doubled that and is currently reading at about 82 words per minute . I love my little girl ! 
I so don't want to be in class right now ! 
