is thanking God for dry land !!! 

is going to try to fix his life . 
is really beginning to hate dells and viruses . 
God doesn't care about what you've done in life physically or if you have a religion , but what you've done spiritually and how your heart has grown and loved others . The difference is religion is just a organization , but God is above that so , \You must l " 
has a large crawdad swimming in his pool ... 
All things work out if you give them time . 
is walking in an empty shell and has no idea where this way lies . 
Feels like tomorrow will be sweet ! 
is wondering how to do the honors chem thing . 
thinks he should study for Bio . 
< PROPFIRST > and bonds with those < PROPFIRST > make a powerful message . 
Is thankful for the world , Happy Thanksgiving to all !!! 
is hoping to convince his parents for a new cell phone today . 
is pumped about getting a new iphone in !!! Now if only my ipod would let me get songs off of it to itunes . 
About to get ready to stay up tonight with 64 oz of Monster !!! 
Everything rides on hope now Everything rides on faith somehow When the world has broken me down Your love sets me freeWhen my life is like a storm Rising waters all I want is the shore You say I'll be ok and Make it through the rain You are my shelter from the storm I'm not my own I've been carried by You All my life ..... 
So much freaking snow and still no call . 
< PROPFIRST > , I hate you , I'm moving to Ashland where they call school off more than you and the night before . Did I forget to mention they don't call at 5 am !! 
My ears are still ringing .... 
Back from Science Olympiad , so tired .... 
Has had a great day and thanks for all the birthday wishes 
I love celebrating the 4th of July !!! 
It feels much better tonight than it being 103 out . 
In London and it's awesome !!! 
In an airport in Germany , about to fly to Greece , then I got home . 
GReece is awesome !!! 
Loved Europe , but is glad to be back in < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Still stuck in Atlanta , waiting to get to Cincinnati . 
really , really sunburnt from today ... 
The weekend ..... :) 
Thinks < PROPFIRST > Casto is a beast . ( : 
Thanks alot < PROPFIRST > ... 
Awesome ride home from bowling :) .... :( 
Owww ... 
Good morning 
Well I had a scheule conflict so goodbye AP Chem hello AP Environmental , no big deal , I didn't even do the summer work . 
I really need to start my homework ... 
Best Friday the 13th ever 
Facebook , you are so screwed up , I hate you 
Thanks a lot , apparently my parents get a new car that I won't be allowed to drive 
Terrorized Kentucky Tonight 
Isn't feeling good .... explosive diarrhea ... text it 
Thank you < PROPMALE > Danner for hacking my Facebook 
You know what , people need to chill 
Just got home 
Just found my headphones I lost a week ago 
Believe it or not , brouhaha is a real word meaning an uproar . 
I hate procrastinating , but I do it anyways .... 
Why should I ? qco 
Contest of champions today- hoping I'll survive this explosive diarrhea .... Feelin sorry for the guys in my room . oh well , makin lemonade . \ 
Text me . 
Again I looked and saw all the oppression that was taking place under the sun : I saw the tears of the oppressed—and they have no comforter power was on the side of their oppressors—and they have no comforter . -Ecclesiastes 4:1 
If you see the poor oppressed in a district , and justice and rights \ 
denied , do not be surprised at such things ; for one official is eyed by a\ 
higher one , and over them both are others higher still . -Ecclesiastes \ 
5:8 \ 
\ 
God is the Comforter and official that rules over the world , there is none greater . 
Ok , my computer put on some crappy , country/bluegrass music and I hate country/bluegrass music , yet I look and nothing is playing except on master volume ... I hate my computer 
I really wish I felt a little better today , oh well , tomorrow will get better after waking up early for a precal test . 
Such a great day , a precal test for a hour and thirty minutes , plus I still feel sick and now back to procrastinating 
I REALLY need to stop procrastinating . 
Finally finished my GSP application !!! 
Tomorrow is going to suck . 
The APUSH essay sucks ! 
I can't tell which is worse , school or this break . 
Iphone really needs an app to block repeating messages 
Tonight has been a pretty great night ...... except for Kentucky 
Wow , this week has come a long way from being crappy to most likely the best Thanksgiving ever ! 
Happy Thanksgiving !! On a second note , today is going to be a great day ! ;) 
Today has already been amazing ... lets see just how much better it can get ! 
Some days should never have to end 
Starting to actually want to back to school to see some amazing people ! ;) 
Hmmm .... 
Having the best night ever !!!!! 
So , yesterday was amazing , today will be even better !! ;) 
Tonight will be a good night ;) 
Just ordered a new trumpet for Christmas !!! Today just keeps getting better ! ;) 
I just had an amazing night watching Unstoppable with the more amazing < PROPFEMALE > Hain and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Presley ;) It was a pretty great movie and got to see ALL the parts ;) 
Good Morning Facebook ! 
I may just got bed now , Goodnight everybody . Excited for tomorrow ... except school ! 
Tonight was great , I just wish that it could've lasted longer ;) 
Great night + New trumpet came in = great day ;) 
The last time I ever use google translator again !!! 
I should move to Rowan County , they're out ... again !! on a second note , just 20 days left !!! ;) 
Tomorrow at 8 Am is really going to suck , I really wish I didn't have the ACT 
This has got to be the best weekend ever !!!! ;) 
Awesome , apparently you DO have to make up map testing .... that really sucks 
This is why I hate procrastinating ... about to start my 1000 word essay :( 
Just finished my APUSH essay !! 
