Happy New Years everyone !!! 

is So sad 
was having old school night at my place !!! Don't worry it will go down again ! 
Missing you Mchael ..... R.I.P. 
is saying BET awards .... get on it !!! 
is saying GET OUT OF MY APT !!!!!!!! 
is done playing ....... 
is feeling completely left out ! :-( 
Just saw her ex on Making the band and has decided it is time to get her career in order !!!! 
Just saw her ex on \Making His Band\ " and has decided it is time to get her career in order !!!! Congrats Man !!!! I told you you were bound for greatness !!!! " 
is sooooooooo bored !! To go out or not to go out ? That is the question ......... 
should have been in bed !!! Why can't I do what I need to so my day won't be so hard ?!?!? lol !! 
is saying that's what I get for thinking I had one more day . R.I.P. Auntie Phyllis ..... I miss you already ........ 
had sooooooooo much fun at the < PROPFIRST > Foxx concert !!! Hope I didn't miss an encore leaving after \Blame it\ " !! It was still all good though ! " 
If one more guy tells me they were trying to talk to me in high school , I'm gonna lose it !! I refuse to believe that I was that oblivious !!! lol !!! 
I love my younger brother . He is the best asset to my siblinghood !!!!! 
is so sad ! No phone brings tears ! :-( 
I'm back on !!! yea !! 
wants to go out !!!! Where is everyone ?!?!?! 
is trying to wait patiently ......... 
needs to stay strong .......... 
is saying he just gave me the strength !!! Get the F%$ ! on already !!! 
had a blast this weekend !!! I was so glad to see everyone !! I miss you all fam !!! 
Blah to another week ! Man I'm in need of some spice ! 
I pray God continues to comfort all the BG Zetas . We all lost a sister . Love you < PROPMALE > ! 
is saying \ I think I can . I think I can . I think I can ........ \"" 
is quitting on real life . I'll let you know when I've returned from fantasy island ............. 
is thanking God that I'm finally able to understand it all . Happy Thanksgiving to you all !!! 
is wondering why Bowling Green State University is mentioned on MANswers for figuring out that fruit flies bust the biggest nut ?!?!? This is where our money is going people !!!!! 
Is just wondering ....... If I do it , then it's final . It could change alot ........ 
is screaming NO MORE RECITAL ATTENDANCE !!!! YEA !!!!! 
is like - So I'm in Detroit , and I'm still bored !!! How is that possible ?!?!? 
Marry Christmas everyone !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!! 
I'm so mad I left all my reading books in BG !!! I hate starting a new book in the middle of reading another one !!! 
What make an actor a great actor ? The fact that the can make the shift in to character mode with no problem . In comparision with the change in yourself , nothing is keeping you from making the shift but you . ~ A . < PROPMALE > ( kinda lol ) 
What makes an actor/actress a great actor/actress ? The fact that they can make the shift into character mode with no problem . In comparision with the change in yourself , nothing is keeping you from making the shift but you . ~ A . < PROPMALE > ( kinda lol ) 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE !!! 2011 .... HERE WE COME !!! 
Disappoinment strikes again ! It's cool though . I kinda saw it coming . 
Since men can't decide if they want to deal with me on a romatic level , I've decided not to deal with them on one for now . I'm doing too much right now to worry about indecisive people lol !!!! 
Totally losing my mind right now . < PROPFIRST>'s day needs to hurry up , come , and go already !!!! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day to all , especially those in love . Those who aren't , your time is coming ! Be patient and love will find you unaware !!! 
He just might ruin my love life as long as he's in my life .............. 
COME OUT TO DINNER THEATRE TONIGHT @ 8PM . \A TRIBUTE TO < PROPFIRST > JACKSON : THE ONE AND ONLY !!! \ " TICKETS ARE $12.50 !!!! " 
First night of Dinner Theatre is over and it was great !!! Tonight is the Finale !!! Come out if you can ! $25 for the show and Dinner !!! < PROPFIRST > Jackson : The One and Only !!! 
First night of Dinner Theatre is over and it was great !!! Tonight is the Finale !!! Come out if you can ! $25 for the show and Dinner !!! Dinner at 6pm and the show is at 7pm ! Micheal Jackson : The One and Only !!! 
Is missing Dinner Theatre practices already lol !!! 
Dear God . No more men please . I'd like to be able to focus on me and my goals now . Thank you for being the best man in my life . I don't need anymore . I love you , adore you , and thank you for loving me in spite of . Amen 
So I need an accompanist for tuesday at 4pm . 5 short pieces . Would like to practice at let once before and the day of . If you can or know someone who can , please let me know asap !!!!! Thank you in advance . 
I don't know what it is , but something in my emotions hurt . is that possible ? 
So I went in to the Krispy Kreme Doughnut shop for the first time during the fresh and hot free samples ...... Let's just day that I am glad I don't go home that often because those things are a sin !!!!! 
So I went in to the Krispy Kreme Doughnut shop for the first time during the fresh and hot free samples ...... Let's just say that I am glad I don't go home that often because those things are a sin !!!!! 
Well , the make-up jury is today and it will determine a great deal !! Pray for me !!! 
So who cries at the end of her jury ??? That would be me lol !!! It's all good though . A special thank < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for all your help !!!! You both Are the best !! 
I wanna be done too darnit !!! Stop trying to keep me here on this BS !!! 
God ! I miss my computer !! :-( 
Dear Love , You are sooooo weird ! Please leave me alone . I'm sure that there is someone else out there that would like to be in your company !!! 
Tuesday , April 6 , 2010 , I'm performing in the Pub !!! Accompanied by Mr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , we will be providing you with standard and smooth jazz/R&B from 8p-10p . Please come out and enjoy !!!! 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes !!! God has one again seen fit for me to see another year ! 
One day at a time . At this point , it is what it is . 
I quit 
I'm so bored right now !! I feel like I've done everything I could do in my house . I don't want to go to the club by myself because all I'll do is frink and talk to the bartender . Oh what to do ............ 
Yea < PROPMALE > Evans !!! I don't care how you did it , but you won it !!!! Until next time Rampage .......... 
God will never give you someone were you have to settle for what you get . If you truly trust God for your mate , then know that He will send you the perfect fit . A mate so perfect , that the word \imperfect\ " will be discharged from your vocabulary when discribing their qualities and characteristics . " 
God will never give you someone where you have to settle for what you \ 
get . If you truly trust God for your mate , then know that He will send \ 
you the perfect fit . A mate so perfect , that the word \imperfect\ " will \ 
Lord , If I lose everything now , it's because I didn't trust you ......... 
is watching way too much tv this summer !!! 
If there is anyone in BG going to Mijers or Wal-mart in the next day or so , may I please ride with you ?!?! I really would like to get some stuff lol !!! 
If\ 
there is anyone in BG going to Meijers or Wal-mart in the next day or \ 
so , may I please ride with you ?!?! I really would like to get some stuff\ 
lol !!! 
My Prayers were answered !!! Thank you so much < PROPFEMALE > Grear !! 
My\ 
Prayers were answered !!! Thank you so much < PROPFEMALE > !! 
It's really too bad that people let someone's size ( especially when the person is cute and has a great personality ) keep them from getting to know someone on a romantic level ...... 
I found out this weekend that the value of marriage has completely been thrown out the window when a married man told me , only 30 minutes after meeting me , that he wanted me to be his side chick as he would travel to BG once a month and send for me when he was ready . Excuse me ? All I did was said hi , crack a joke , and said have a good day ! 
Anyone in BG planning on catching the midnight showing of Twilight : Eclipse next Tuesday ? 
So it's official . I am struggling with the idea of staying in school . Really looking for some advice on this one . Call , text , email , or FB is fine . 
And I am running back to you/I see you're standing there for me/Your \ 
arms are open wide , and I don't have to cry no more/You're standing \ 
there for me , and I am running back to you/Why do I go away when I know I\ 
am no good when I'm on my own . ---- The song on my heart this morning . 
Well the day I was gonna invite folks over for dinner it decides to pour ! Oh well , maybe next time .... 
Snobby girls come from New York , sweet girls come from Alabama , but we \ 
Michigan girls have fire and ice in our blood ... We can ride four \ 
wheelers , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw left hooks , and drink with the boys ... and\ 
if we have an opinion , you know you're going to hear ... it .... Re-post \ 
if you're a true ..... MICHIGAN GIRL 
Will never go to a 3am movie again . But I enjoyed The new Twilight !! Ready for The Last Airbender ( should be rightfully called Avatar ) So < PROPFIRST > Brown , You better wait til I get back !!! 
Anyone taking Abnormal psychology 4050 this summer or in the past With Dr. Rosenburg ? Desperate for the book ! 
is so bored !!!! Should go to bed but i can't cuz I'm so bored !!! 
Am I wrong for believing that love has a fairytale love for me ???? 
Soooooo ......... anyone doing anything tonight ? 
At the rate his going , I may not live to see my next relationship !! Oh well , that's what I get for choosing him ...... 
Another interesting night 
So after talking to some folks , I'm beginning to understand that not as many people know that I'm a professional singer like I thought . And here I thought I was advertising pretty well . Any suggestions ? 
Yummy homemade four-cheese spinach and shrimp < PROPMALE > and True Blood ! It was a great Sunday evening !! 
MAN !!! I wish I was a-sexual !!!!! 
is out running ! Don't worry ! I won't be gone long ! lol ! 
Last Week Of Summer Classes !!!! Yea !!!!! 
Well . TrueBlood did not reveal as much as I thought they were . Oh Well , itching till next week I guess ............. 
Bored , bored , bored .............. 
Another boring nite in BG ........... 
Just found out my bra size ! Ridiculous !!!! 
I love \love\ " . Whether it loves me back is a whole ' nother conversation .......... " 
Back to work !!! Yea !!! 
School !! 
I think we need to have a \If You Really Knew Me\ " session here at BG ..... " 
New Pledge of Allegiance ( TOTALLY AWESOME) !! 
beginning treatment .... we shall see how this works !! 
Made my first homemade gravy today !!! OMG !! It's so good !!! 
Just activated my Droid X . Two words . LOVE IT !!!!!!! 
It sucks to miss someone that doesn't even know how much you care about them . smh .... 
I wake up with you on my mind ? Why ?........ 
Get out of my place now !!! I can't take your freeloading anymore !!!! 
I miss my baby , Mo-Mo !! 
Still sick after three weeks . Guess it's time to see a doctor ...... 
Well um ...... DEFINITELY GOT IT IN FOR BEZZY'S BIRTHDAY !!! Four siblings should never have that much fun !!!! Thanks to all his friends that came out !!!! 
I've cut my hair !! 5 inches ! Pics coming soon !! 
I've cut my hair !! 5 inches ! pics under \Just Me\ " Photo album ! " 
Anyone going to walmart tonight ? Let me know please !! 
Anyone going to walmart tonight in BG ? Let me know please !! 
Well !!! I couldn't believe it , but for the first time in a long time \ 
L.N.C. was back together . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , JP < PROPFIRST > , Rollin D . Godette III , \ 
and < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Jr. !! It was so great to see all of you and I miss you \ 
already !! Them , along with everyone else , we got it in ! 
Bored tonight . I guess everyone went home for fall break ..... 
So today is National Coming Out day ........ any takers ? 
Watching Detroit 1-8-7 
I know this sounds crazy , but I need some new testosterone in my life . Not to date or anything , but it just seems like all my male friends are too busy or have girlfriends . Where are you < PROPFEMALE > Chamberlain !!!!! lol !!! 
Can someone please explain to me the concept of putting the # sign before a word or phrase ? Obviously I'm behind ! 
FB , I would like to hear your opinion on this . Is it wrong that I would prefer to date/marry a man with no kids and no prior marriages ? I would think that it's only fair since I have no kids or prior marriages . What do you think ? 
Thank you to all my family , friends , and school mates that have served in our nation's military !!! Happy Veterans Day !!! 
Sick all day and now bored ...... 
Go Michigan !!!! 
Ask me anything ! Inbox it though lol ! 
Q : Are you happy ? I mean really 100% happy ? A : I'm not 100% Happy . There are some things in my life that I need to be different and until they are I'll only be at 80% . 
Well apparently everyone already knows all there is to know about me lol ! 
Q : Have u and < PROPFIRST > C . Rucker ever dated ? Haha\ 
A : We did for almost week in 6th grade and he dumped me because I wouldn't let him touch me lol ! 
Ok it's official . I am totally missing my extended Fam ( in no particular order ) < PROPFIRST > C . Rucker , < PROPFEMALE > Chamberlain , and < PROPFIRST > Billings !!! The distance is killing me ( yes even your short one bro !!! ) !!!! Love you all and miss you more !!! 
Soooooooo ............. yeah ................ 
Sick on another Friday night ..... not cool ..... 
Physically dying . Would like to go to the hospital . Any takers ? 
Made it to the hospital today ! Thank you for your prayers ! 
Is there anyone leaving for the Detroit area tomorrow after 1pm ? I need a ride had have gas money !!! 
Is there anyone leaving for Detroit today after 1pm ? I would like to get back . I do have gas money !!! 
Is there anyone in BG leaving for Detroit today after 2pm ? I would like to get back today ad I have gas money !!! 
Made it back to tha D !!!! What's up for tonight folks ? 
Loves Kalahari !!!! 
I wanna go somewhere tonight in the D . Any Ideas ? 
Movies !!!! < PROPMALE > Potter anyone ? 
Wow .... no one wants to go see a movie ? 
You never know who see your potential . Thank you for you encouraging words ....... 
You never know who sees your potential . Thank you for your encouraging words ......... 
would play this number game , but only got two questions during the question game and I feel that this number experience will probably be the same lol ! 
#88 - I don’t know what to say about you because there is so much to say . When I first met you , you always made me smile and looked after me ( even if you had other motives lol ) . And now , you still bring a smile to my face . You will always have a place in my heart ! 
#122 -I love your flare ! And January 22nd will forever be etched in my mind lol ! 
#8 -I really couldn't read the vibe between us . But you have a great heart and I enjoy your convo everytime we cross paths . 
#007 -I realized that I still have a lot to learn about you . But I know I can't live without you whatever your capacity in my life . Arguing or not , I know where your heart is . So I'm not going anywere ! 
#432 -who would have thought that a dating site would give me such a great friend lol ! I love the way you think and speak and your drive is contagious ! 
#4886 - you'll always be my < PROPMALE > fam ! Old soul like me . And I loved our rap battles , even though you murdered me everytime . I printed them and still have them lol ! 
#26 -Freshman and sophomore year was silly ! But you was my girl with you bright smile . We lost touch for a minute , but I know God hespecially you , especially with that beautiful baby !!! 
#2008 - I love you , I worry about you , I pray for you , but most of all I'm so proud of you !!! 
#892 -you are so kind . I still don't know much about you ( except that you could kick my butt lol ) , but I do know that hug you give me every time is much appreciated ! 
#400 - Mr. Laid Back . You were all ways so smooth to me , even in middle school . Hope you getting everything you ever wanted cause you always was hustling ! 
#1 - I would love to know what you are like now . I feel like something not so good happened between and it was never resolved . If it was my fault then I'm sorry . But I didn't know that you had my back , and I loved you for it . 
#2224 - I for some reason has it stuck in my mind that you were gonna marry my brother lol ! You were such a sweet girl then . I would love to see how you've < PROPFEMALE > ! From what I see here on fb , it looks like you are doing very well ! How's the fam ? I'm still mad I mess it up with your brother lol ! 
#2 - It's funny that I talk to you more than my bro now lol ! I am soooooooo mad I miss the wedding . But when I first met you knew you were the one . I'm so glad you make him happy and he you !! You are a beautiful person and I hope that life keeps us close !! 
#36 -It was fun working with you at the OBSH !! And you were a sweetheart . 
#7 - I MISS YOU !!!! I miss our undergrad fun , I miss seeing you , I miss talking to you !! I hope you are well in the Chi-town but we have to catch up soon ! 
#71289 - Well first off you played me . I really liked you but you were too busy trying to get on CB . But we still cool . If you ever change your mind though ......... 
#2328 - I felt like we're not as close as we first were after the incident were I didn't tell u what was going on with that thing . I didn't mean to upset you . I really did think that you already knew . Anyhoo , I love you like a sis always ! 
#21-you've always intimidated me musically , but I've always wanted to learn from you . It's something about the work that intrigues me . But you were cocky in middle school so I didn't wanna tell you . 
#1129 -what can I say . I've watch you grow in to a beautiful , super talented , confident , warm woman . I love you success and wish you plenty more !!! 
#123 -Miss working with you ! I hope you're doing well now ! I'm here whenver you need me ! Love ya ! 
#22 -you are soooooo fun ! You have a contagious laugh and you already know I love your singing . I also enjoy singing you on the BGSU commercial lol ! 
#5 -The first SGRho I ever met . Beautiful spirit . Thank you for believing in me !! What are you up to now ?!?! 
#916 -I love you're spirit ! I love your family ! And I wish I had a car so I could come see you more ! 
#4566 -we had some great times at OBSH !! Fun , kind-hearted , and a gentlemen ! 
#210 -I heart you !! I've watched you grow from your freshmen year to now into a beautiful , intelligent woman . The only thing I want more for you is that you are more confident in you voice . There are very few girls out here with your sound and gurl it has the potential to be magnetic !! Whatever you need , don't hesitate to let me know ! 
#4444 -You are such a kind and positive woman !! I strive to be like you often . You are a excellent example of what a humble , successful , beautiful woman should be !! Thank you !! 
#121 -I truely enjoyed meeting you at the wedding . You have a great and warm spirit . And your conversation is wonderful . I hope that wasn't our first and last encounter . 
OMG !!! I MISS MY COMPUTER !!!!! 
#823 - You are the coolest cat I know . We've known each other for over a decade ! You are so real and you've always been kind to me . And I had blast working with you at OBSH . I was kinda crushing on you though ! 
Man I can't wait for my day off !!! Oh wait . I'm working another 7 days before that happens ...... 
No cheating- post this on your < PROPFEMALE > and see what they want from you . INBOX ONLY :\ 
1 . a baby\ 
2 . another < PROPMALE > \ 
3 . love\ 
4 . kiss\ 
......... 5 . friendship\ 
6 . cuddle\ 
7 . long relationship\ 
8 . good laugh\ 
9.an apology\ 
10 . A < PROPMALE > to be ah friend\ 
11 . a hug\ 
12 . Be my friend\ 
13 . booty call\ 
14.to go out with u\ 
15 . texting buddies 
Ahhhhh Snow !!! Oh wait . I have to go to campus to day . Boooooo snow !!! 
Had a blast tonight !! 
So bored in BG !!! I really just wanna see you ....... 
I'm in tha D !!! What is there to do ?!?! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JESUS !!! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to you all !!!! 
Alaskan < PROPMALE > Crab Legs , Jumbo Shrimp , Lobster tails , Ockra and Peas , Crockpot < PROPMALE > and cheese , and Sweet green tea for Christmas dinner . Why you ask ? Because my family is unconventional !!!!! 
I love her !! Ready to go back to BG !! 
I'm bored in tha D . HELP !!! 
Wants to go ballrooming tonight ! Anyone in Detroit wanna go ? 
So I'm officially letting the idea of love go . Guys talk a good game . But it 
Well I'm officially giving up on the idea of love . Guys talk a good game , but it's clear that none are truly ready for what I bring to the table . Time to focus all my love into my music . 
Boredom in BG .......... 
Teach me how to love ya/Show me , I'm willing to learn/ Following every instruction/I'll be your scholar when you are done/Ooooh 
Bored again in BG ........... 
I think it's safe to say I'm allergic to my cat . He needs a new home asap !! 
Too bad nobody in BG likes crawfish , < PROPMALE > and cheese , and spinach . This is a lot of food for lil ol ' me ! lol ! 
8am workday tomorrow ! Sucks baaadd !!! 
Anybody want chicken spaghetti ? Well I don't have the chicken . But if you bring it , I'll make it and you can take the leftovers home ! 
is thinking about you ;-) 
Would like to know why I keep attracting men so much older than me ? I would love some input on this one .......... 
6:55 am . Should be in bed . Instead , at work . 
HEY !! Now that I have your attention , I just wanted to let you know that I love you !!!! 
Anyone in BG going to walmart this week ? 
is really tired of liking guys that clearly don't like me back . I have got to control this better ! 
I am really missing my baby !!! Kamila Howze don't make me hunt you down !!! Lol ! 
So tragic . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Borum . SHS loses another one .... 
I know the Lord is my strength because there is no way I could have done what I did at work this morning without Him !!! Thank you Jesus !!! 
I really need to go to the hospital . Call anyone take me please ? Text or call my phone if you can . 
I really need to go to the hospital . Can anyone in BG take me please ? Call or text me if you can . 
I think I finally know what puts me in that kind of pain now . Thanks everyone for your concerns . 
May your eternal rest be peaceful my brotha ...... R.I.P. CB 
I told myself that the next time I work catering with a bar that I was going to bartend . Did I succeed ? Heck yeah !!! 
I can't stand bold-faced liars !! It's ok tho . You'll see how serious I am . 
I just finished filing my taxes with TaxACT , you can try it for free : http://budurl.com/TaxACTFB1 
Love ..... that is all . 
You ever wanna go out bu you just done feel pretty enough ? Or is that just me ? 
You ever wanna go out but you just don't feel pretty enough . Or is that just me ? 
Normally , the team I cheer for loses . So this year I'm cheering for Green Bay !! Lol ! 
To all my FB friends in BG . If you're headed to wal-mart or meijers any time this week , please let me know . Thank you in advance . 
Should have been in bed , but I'm up cuz the songwriting juices are flowing ........ SN : 
Should have been in bed , but I'm up cuz the songwriting juices are gflowing ........ SN : Still haven't made it to wal-mart ....... 
I finally made it to walmart !!! Thanks a bunch < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Pernell !!! 
I need 2-3 female vocalists in BG for Feb . 19th . Please let me know if you're available . 
Wants to go out tonight . Really I wanna just stay home with my boo . Problem with that is that I have no boo lol 
Totally stranded with africans . All my fault . 
Round 2 !!!! 
And a hit dog will holla ..... 
This was the first V-day that I was super cool with being single . I'm happy ! 
Just completed my first interview with my candidate for match-making ! Yay ! 
Got the kids quiet . How you ask ? Cuz I'm a beat wit the kids ! 
Got sent home from work today . Now you're messing with my money . You've got to go ...... NOW !!!! 
Ummmmm ....... He's gone ! Well actually I have the key and he left and he changed his number so he still needs to get his stuff . But for the most part , HE'S GONE !!! Now to get rid of this cat ..... 
The creator of the Twix ice cream bar should be given a glorious parade . And at the end of the parade be shot at point blank range ..... That is all . 
The one time BGSU has a snow day , I can't afford to miss work . So I'm working ..... smh 
Add me on LiveProfile my PIN is LP0JLMNO - LiveProfile is a free messenger for Android iPhone and BlackBerry - http://liveprofile.com 
It is what it is after that one .......... 
Friday of spring break and I'm still in the house ..... smh 
So plans were completely ruined tonight . Why you ask ? Because I love my mother ! 
So I'm in Detroit for most of the week . Anything worth getting into , folks ? 
Home from taking my mother out to dinner . I love her ! But I still have some energy ....... So Detroit what's up ? 
