You have to wonder what upper management is thinking when they continuously promise raises by specific deadlines several times a year and never deliver on those promises ... Oh , but they want you to justify your usefulness and time you spend on everything and they want it right now ... but if you have questions or concerns ... ( crickets ) 

( laughing ) I often wonder if a modified version of the Fujita scale might be an adequate guage for the damage potential of my children when they become bored . Unfortunately , my house is the primary testing site for any theories ... 
Mom's retiring .. on my birthday . What does that say , exactly ? hehe You know , sometimes its all we are able to do just to maintain some semblance of forward momentum where failure isn't an option we're willing to consider . Sometimes people are rewarded for such dedication and sometimes the only thing they emerge with is the satisfaction that they persevered . For some , that's enough . 
I just love untested changes to the corporate network environment and the havoc that ensues ( insert amused sarcasm here ) . Interesting times , my friends , interesting times . 
has apparently contracted the plague ... You've been warned . On a further note I vow not to go to work for a week , claiming that its allergies . Hopefully I won't have it that long ... and the weekend is just around the corner . 
A heart felt thank you to all those who've served their country . 
XML oh XML .. Flexible , scalable .. and DONE ! 
Ignorance is something that can be rectified or pitied ... Blind , selfish , willful ignorance on the other hand ... is pitiful . 
So I was listening to the jokes episode this last weekend of A Prarie Home Companion . A B flat , D flat and F walk into a bar and order some drinks . The bartender says , \We don't serve minors in here . The D flat leaves but B flat and F stay and have an open fifth between them . I still love music .. * laughs to himself * And even if I didn't ... three years of music theory was worth it just for that joke . " 
It's warm from being in -my- pocket . 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . I won't say I don't now but I haven't ever just copied and pasted something into my status . I rarely throw up status updates for that matter . This statement , however , strikes a chord with me . 
Anyone need some wind ? Dirt cheap prices ! Free Air Shipping . Your mileage may vary . Sold as is . 
There's a difference between knowing the path and walking the path . 
Maybe its a sad statement but I find that I vote for the person I feel to be the lesser evil among those running for office and I do so only because I feel that it's my duty and I don't believe I have any right to complain if I don't participate in the process ..... 
Whoa , lady , I only speak two languages , English and bad English . 
Youand I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words ... What would \ 
you say to me ? ( yeah .. me in jail .. I know .. strain that imagination of yours . ) 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone !!!! :) 
If political parties were religions I'd happily proclaim myself an Atheist . I'm just not impressed with the childish behavior , lies and selfishness . 
Believe it or not GPS has been around since ~ 1957 . True Story . 
It's finally over ! I may be a little biased but from a practical standpoint I really think Boeing was the logical choice . Now I guess we get to see what kinda political maneuvering and BS comes of the decision ... 
