New phone , gosh the envy 2 was so messed up . The only thing I was envious about while I had it were the people that didnt 

thinks it's ridiculous to do homework that grades you for wrong answers while teaching you how to get the right ones . Especially when the material hasnt even been covered yet 
is my name . I AM NOT < PROPFIRST > HARDY 
and Stairs are my names . I AM NOT < PROPFIRST > HARDY 
has decided to take out any future rage on < PROPFIRST > hardy . Curse you < PROPFIRST > Hardy ! 
my alarm is cursed it didnt go off again , darn you < PROPFIRST > hardy 
crazy glue saved my phones life . Hopefully its saved and not on life support we will see 
Like the angel you are , You laugh creating , A lightness in my chest , Your eyes they penetrate me , ( your answers always maybe ) That’s when I got up and left 
Hit a freaking deer . Im pissed , I hate all wondland creatures now . It took out my headlights when it jumped , who knows how much it will take to fix it 
Finals are over and its back to the homeland 
final grades in , all A's and a B . not so bad for a biology < PROPMALE > 
is going back to work as a popcorn con-artist 
Rock climbing indoors is amazing , cant wait to do it again 
Avatar was awesome , good graphics , story , and theme , I always think a movie is good when you can sit almost three hours and never notice it 
back 2 school , I guess its game time 
snow , freaking best thing ever ! 
wishes he had his pizza tub with him , also I heard their was a 10% < PROPMALE > of popcorn snow 
internet and cable , finally Im set up . 
chemistry blah 
went to Adrenaline climbing with < PROPMALE > , awesome night 
The super bowl was pretty good , didnt see the saints pulling it out , but a game none the less . Wish i was in New orleans for the party tho . 
Well that's never fun , but its not my choice 
That shoe is going to be drunk for the rest of its life 
Holy Crap The Box is THE WORST movie I have seen In a long time . Thank God I had no acess to a gun cause I might not be here if I did 
Spring break next week need ideas ! 
heading home for a few days . just gonna chill 
Boom son ! 88 on that chemistry test , That thing is going on my fridge 
\D-train\ " lol " 
Almost there one week 
I took a personality test and it was pretty good , but the kicker was when it told me that my best < PROPMALE > would be biology . Creepy since that happens to be my < PROPMALE > 
Tip for finals week , everyone get a magic eight ball , My teacher let me use one as a joke and it got the question right . Magic eight balls are officially epic . 
Dumbledore took out the lights ! 
Facebook got highjacked . Thanks < PROPMALE > 
coheed was amazing , My life is complete now 
So a continued post about my epic coheed concert experience , They rocked so hard the electronics went out and the crowd kept the song going with our voices , The most epic thing ever . 
Well I passed , but I made the worst grades yet in my college career . Three B`s and a freakin C . I hate my precal class . How do you get good grades in a class without a book or instruction ? 
I could have said have a nice day but noooo , dead monkey friend ! 
The pink elephants are everywhere omg ! 
Has discovered a new law of nature , When you are stuck behind a slow driver he or she is always going the same direction as you . 
bored need to find something to do before i go stircrazy or actually start studying , any ideas ? 
So my blinkers stop working , stop to take a look and a cop comes by telling to to get out and go home , Apparently the safety of that parking lot was in grave danger , so back home i went with no turning signals , needless to say I had a fan club by the time i got home , good stuff 
Google is officially epic , first topeka ? now pacman ? whats next ? 
wow , my apt is absolutely full of furniture , but it looks ballin 
So tonight I learned a lesson , On some cars E means you have a mile or two left but on mine it means absolutely empty . So a friendly reminder from me , check your tank before driving home , if its close to E fill it up just in case . 
Had an epic night of waterfalls , spaghetti , movies , and music . Nothing better 
Home from work , just bored and chillin . If anything is going on hit me up 
Has stayed up till 4 or 5 in the morning for like two weeks in a row , I think im becoming a insomniac or a vampire , not sure . 
So it's official , I need more sleep . On the way back to the apt . I started seeing things that were not there , mcdonalds was open and with their help managed to make it home 
Back home from work , got to step it up there . Physics final to study for , If anyone would like to have a study session or maybe a tutor session Im all for it . Hit me up if anything is going on . nap time 
Class done so its time to chill , work til sunday then back to the homeland for a few days 
On the way to the homeland , txt me and let me know where everyone is so I can do some serious visiting , This appearance is only for a limited time I`ll b home till tuesday night 
Sitting around just chillin . Bored if there is anything going on hit me up 
Just conquered the extreme wing challenge at caruso's! 10 wings in 10 minutes with ghost pepper sauce it was intense . ( I signed a waiver ) 
so everyone lock yours doors because at any moment a drunk man could come in and just sit right down 
got pulled over tonight had a bag of crinoids stem fossils in my car ( fell out of a box of old random stuff ) and the cop thought it was meth lol . searched my car and everything . ridiculus they are pretty much rocks mister smart cop sir 
Thanks to the troops for all you do . A friend was lost but not forgotten , < PROPFIRST > rodgers you will be missed and it was an honor to know you . Rest in peace < PROPMALE > 
Bananna phone < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Look out < PROPMALE > he doesnt have a nose 
In soviet Russia < PROPMALE > finds you ! 
Why did halo reach have to come out on a test week ? 
has been hacked ... <3 
be careful when you delete things , just a tip 
Thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday , appreciate it everyone , it was a good one 
party was awesome thanks guys 
So i just got a request from a game called yoville ? and i thought farmville was stupid lol 
: You've been hacked ;) <3 
Had a intense Saturday night which included a boat being dropped on my head . fun stuff lol 
Eighteen wheeler ran into my < PROPFIRST > spun me and hit me again throwing me into the ditch . Im alive but my car has been totaled , front driver side ripped off and the side was beat up . so long firebird you will be missed 
Go to your Facebook sidebar and the first five friends are your group for the zombie apocalypse : < PROPFIRST > cook , < PROPFEMALE > lowrimore , < PROPFIRST > conner , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > mcgill . Thats a pretty freaking awesome line up , Zombie dont stand a < PROPMALE > 
Finally SPRING BREAK !!!!!! screw tests 
wondering who is still up , 6:15 another night of no sleep for me , just sitting here doing nothing . Guess Im a insomniac now 
April 5th \a day without shoes\ " going barefoot tomorrow gonna be awesome ! Others should join ! " 
No shoes , doing it big ! Join if you can 
Finally got a new car 1998 Nissan < PROPFEMALE > , Thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and my mother for braving the car demons 
