Must go play PLANTS VS . ZOMBIES . You should play too . pretty cool stuff . 

Has a Job interview at Party City ! 
Be back later . I'm going to see ZOMBIELAND ! 
Well , I'm off to see USF vs . Miami . Be back later . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has succumbed to zombies . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being overcome by zombies is not something to be ashamed of . Zombies are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this . They have been killed by zombies . 
Who wants to make a recording or a video of themselves singing ( or playing on whatever instrument you play ) the Pokemon theme song and send it to me for my birthday ? 
I'm in a weird situation . I'm was watching cartoons and now I miss being in college . I guess all these dumb cartoons where the main characters are students are actually inspiring me to return to a place I was glad to get out of . I should really start putting my paychecks aside to help pay for school . 
R.I.P. DIO 
When the world slips you a < PROPFIRST > stroke the furry walls 
anybody going to SPC Clearwater tomorrow ? 
Finds himself randomly pig squeeling to the rythms of songs that have no pig squeeling . 
Wonders if somewhere in the world there's a security agent whose favorite movie is The Bodyguard . 
Headed to citrus park mall and red < PROPFIRST > . 
Anybody wanna go bowling ? 
I love how stoked I get after I solve my own problems . I Am A Genius !! 
I am pretty sure I have the flu . 
Okay I'm gonna be going to the doctor to find out for sure if I have the Flu and get some medication . 
I went to the doctor and I was told that I contracted a virus and that I have a bad respiratory infection . My temperature was checked today and it was over 103 degrees . I was told to stay home and stay in bed . 
There's cat in the blue he's comin ' after you 
Akiba Kei club first official meeting @ 11:00 am - 12:00 pm in the SPC Clearwater Library's Multipurpose Room . 
I was just accepted into the < PROPFIRST > Sheen Fan Club ! WINNING !!!!!!!! 
Going through some of my old CDs and found Reise , Reise by Rammstein . I used to love this CD . Gonna have to give it another listen later tonight . 
