Hell Yeah !! < PROPFEMALE > Won BIG ! 

had a great day with my baby hope i see her again rly soon ... I Love You < PROPFEMALE > 
tired as hell but i can't sleep haha 
doin great haha 
needing stuff in FarmVille haha 
need 2 horseshoes to finish my horse stable in FarmVille ,, Much Obliged 
only need 3 more helpers to finish my barn raising , if you already helped , many thanx 
The Broken Clock Is A Comfort .. It Helps Me Sleep Tonight .. Maybe It Can Stop Tomorrow From Stealing All My Time .. 
listening to music 
talking to my girl on the phone and surfin the net 
missin my girl and hopin i see her sometime this week ... waitin to get better ... and tryin to find a god forsaken job lmao 
< PROPFEMALE > I Know You Love Me , I Know Down Deep You Do , But Are You Ever Gonna Love Me The Way I Love You ? 
i'm way too young to feel this damn old lol 
There’s a spirit of a storm in my soul , A restlessness that I can’t seem to tame , Thunder and lightning follow everywhere I go , There’s a spirit of a storm in my soul 
There’s a spirit of a storm in my soul , A restlessness that I can’t seem to tame , Thunder and lightning follow everywhere I go , There’s a spirit of a storm in my soul , There’s a hurricane that’s raging through my blood , I can’t find a way to calm the sea , Maybe I’ll find someday the waters aren’t so rough , But right now they’ve got the best of me ... 
Prom Tomorrow Gonna Be A Fun Time 
Great Time at prom and Bowling with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > 
just got done doin dishes lol i hate it 
Baby , what are we becoming ? \ 
It feels just like we're always running\ 
Rolling through the motions every day\ 
I could < PROPFEMALE > in to hold you\ 
Or act like I don't even know you\ 
Seems like you could care less either way\ 
What happened to that girl I used to know ? \ 
I just want us back to the way we were before ... 
.... 
request me in mafia wars 
Looking for my blue angel , The same one that flew from my arms last night , If you see my blue angel , Tell her that heaven without her feels like hell tonight 
It's all about fallin ' down and gettin ' back up , You're good times and hard luck , True love and Amazing Grace , workin ' all week for a backache , Raisin ' cane , Friday nights , Sunday church to set it right , They can write it on my stone , my life's been a country song . 
My Breath is short , My Heart is Beating fast , Everytime I smile at her she's smiling back , If I'm dreaming please just let me sleep , Anyone can see she's too good for me , Oh , give it time , She'll Find out soon enough , Just let me have and hold her till she does 
There's not a dry eye in the house , after love's curtain comes down , Listen and you'll hear the sound , hear the sound of a heart breaking , I can still see you standin there , midnight wind blowin through your hair , Kisses sweet in the salty air , When love was forever , Turn the < PROPFEMALE > and we fade to blue , The scene has changed now Im without you , Well you just , Walked away when the act was through , and the dream was over 
need 2 acetylene torches for my chop shop plz help thnx 
. 
Don't need no five < PROPFEMALE > reservations , I've got spaghetti and a cheap bottle of wine , Don't need no concert in the city , I've got a stereo and the best of < PROPFEMALE > Cline , Ain't got no caviar no Dom Perignon , But as far as I can see , I've got everything I want 
There ain't no better way to end a long hard week , \ 
Than some < PROPMALE > wailin ' from my pick-up truck , Pumpin ' like my blue-collar redneck blood , Give me some Hagg , give me the possible , With screamin ' guitars on top , ' Cause country , I said , country is my rock . 
I like your pants around your feet , And I like the dirt that's on your knees , And I like the way you still say please , While you're looking up at me , You're like my favorite damn disease haha 
you kno how we do lmao 
- I've never loved anybody this way . Never looked at a woman and thought , if civilization fails , if the world ends , I'll still understand what God meant - 
- I've never loved anybody this way . Never looked at a woman and thought , if civilization fails , if the world ends , I'll still understand what God meant 
Girl I've been waitin ' on this long hard day to get over , So I can rest my head right here on your shoulder , I just wanna lay here and feel ya breathe , Listen to the rhythm of your heartbeat , And see where it leads ... We're wide awake but girl I wanna make you close your eyes , And say my name like only you can say it and hold me tight , All I need is only you and me alone tonight , I wanna make you close your eyes ... 
Wake up every morning , a thousand < PROPMALE > from home , Praying for forgiveness , For this aching in my bones , It would be so easy To find a better way .. Oh but I know I'll never change , Cause I love the long shot , And the left out lost causes , Hanging out in the back of the pack with the dark horses , I ride the wrong road just as fast as I can , God knows there's no one else to blame , Sometimes I think I get off on the pain 
Well the truth , well it hurts to say , Im gonna pack up my bags and Im gonna go away , I'm gonna split , I can't stand it , Im gonna give it up and quit and aint never coming back\ 
girl but before I get to going , I've got to say , I know you used to love me but that was yesterday , And the truth , I won't fight it , When the love stops burning you got to do what's right , Oh lover lover lover you don't treat me no good no more 
\Just Do It \"" 
I wanna be a stay man , I wanna be a brave man , I wanna be the kind of man she sees in her dreams , God I wanna be your man , And I wanna be her man , God I only hope she still believes ... In the man I wanna be 
Where would we be without the love of a woman , Standing behind her man even when he's wrong , The true pure undying love of a woman , Makes a man a fool to think he can make it alone ... 
Vegetarian = Old Indian Word For Bad < PROPMALE > 
I Wanna Play Yahtzee lol ( If You Know The Reference You Know Me Well ) 
We're Just Gettin In The Pool - haha 
Damn its hot outside lmao , guess im gettin in the pool today 
Baby Please Sing Your Angel's Lullaby - Good Night Everyone 
No one told me , I was going to find you , Unexpected , what you did to my heart , When I lost hope , You were there to remind me , \This is the start \"" 
Fuck bad luck , if it thinks it's stopping me , I'mma be what I set out to be , without a doubt undoubtedly , And all those who look down on me , I'm tearing down your balcony 
thinkin bout alot of things right now .. 
thinkin bout things still .. 
HEY !!! YARD SALE TOMORROW MORNING !!!!!! COME BUY SHIT !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > sarà la mia ro < PROPFEMALE > na stasera 
HEY !! YARD SALE TOMORROW MORNING !!! COME BUY SHIT !!!! lol 
ok i'm telling you .. i'm telling you .. absolutely best price .. absolutely .. absolutely best price .. take it and go 
Just Do It 
when i see the morning sun you haunt my mind and i can't help but wonder ... do i ever cross your mind ? 
when i see the morning sun you haunt my thoughts and i can't help but wonder ... do i ever cross your mind ? 
Scream till there's silence , Scream while there's life left , vanishing , Scream from the pleasure , unmask your < PROPFEMALE > , perishing , We've all had a time where we've lost control , We've all had our time to grow , I'm hoping I'm wrong but I know I'm right , I'll hunt again one night 
When Life Gives You Lemons , Grab The < PROPFEMALE > and Salt , CUZ WE DOIN SHOTS !! 
chillin , blastin A7X 
Seize The Day or Die Regretting The Time You Lost 
ya gotta see \Katt < PROPMALE > - Let A Playa Play \"" 
Hey I can't live in here For another day , Darkness Has kept the light concealed , Grim as ever , Hold on to faith as I dig Another grave , Meanwhile the mice endure the wheel , Real as ever , And it seems I've been BURIED ALIVE 
You should have known , The price of evil , And it hurts to know , That you belong here , yeah , No one to call , Everybody to fear , Your tragic fate is looking so clear , yeah ... Ooh , it's your fuckin ' NIGHTMARE 
A < PROPFEMALE > , A Memory , Or Just One Picture 
It's a great day to be alive , I know the sun's still shinin when I close my eyes , There's some hard times in the neigborhood , But why can't every day be just this good ? 
Oh You Know haha 
Be Careful When You Wish On A Shooting < PROPFEMALE > Because It Might Be Someone Else's 
I'm as bored as a hooker in a convent 
is in the most amazing mood of my life ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Come Back To Me Its Almost Easy 
Lovin This Summer , like if you agree 
The way I see it , The whole wide world has gone crazy . So baby why don´t we just dance ? 
All my cards are on the table with no ace left in the hole , I'm much too young to feel this damn old 
It's A Great Day To Be Alive :D 
I Gotta Get To You Cuz You Sure Been Gettin To Me :P lol 
eh Two outta Three ain't bad 
Job Interview Tomorrow !! Wish Me Luck haha Ima Need It 
Oh My God Its Too Damn Hot Out ! 
Sometimes I Can't Help But Wonder If Its All For Show 
Welcome To The Jungle Baby ! haha 
Love-Hate-Sex-Pain , It's Complicating Me Sometimes\ 
This Love-Hate-Sex-Pain , It's Underestimating Life 
Let It Be Known That Brick Walls DO NOT Move When You Walk Into Them 
bored 
You've got to be tough when consumed by desire\ 
' Cause it's not enough just to stand outside the fire 
I hate those moments when you look at the clock and just say \Why The Fuck Am I Still Up ? \"" 
There's A Method To My Madness haha 
you tell me what my status is . 
Make It Do What It Do 
Seize The Day 
Interesting Evening lol Was Cookin Burgers On The Grill And The Grill Almost Singed < PROPFIRST > Shaw's Eyebrows Off haha 
Are you going to remain a slave for , The rest of your life , Give into the night 
tired as hell 
It Is What It Is 
ugh ... im havin an \I Need A Drink\ " kinda day today " 
havin an off day lol and im puttin it mildly 
i need a fuckin smoke ..... damn .. 
needs a job 
Insomnia is a bitch ... 
19 Now ! haha 
thanx to everyone that wished me a happy bday 
makin it do wat it do 
Every < PROPFEMALE > Has Its Thorn 
Respect The Pouch - Respect It 
Makin It Do What It Do Baby 
. Sensation Washes Over Me , I Can't Describe It . 
Remember Everyone That Was Stolen From Their Loved Ones 9 Years Ago Today ... May They Rest In Peace ... Never Forget 
Makin It Do What It Do Is What I Do Best 
Ya learn < PROPFEMALE > live like an animal , In the jungle where we play , If you got a hunger for what you see , You'll < PROPFEMALE > ke it eventually , You can have anything you want , But you better not < PROPFEMALE > ke it from me 
Oh I'll trade my fear and all my pride , For a life with no regrets , And every tear that aint been cried for what hasn't happened yet , And if I try and but fail , I know I can be at peace with that , So when I Love , I'm gonna Love without holding back ... Because I don't want to wish I had , No ... I don't want to wish I had 
A woman is a mystery , A man just cant understand , Sometimes all it takes to please her , Is the touch of your hand , N ' Other times you got to take it slow , And hold her all night long , Heaven knows there's so many ways , A man can go wrong 
If You're Late For Special < PROPMALE > , Is It Proper For The Teacher To Say \You're Tardy \"??" 
Hope The Rest Of This Week Goes My Way .. Gonna Take 3 Things For That To Happen 
Might Have A Hell Of A Good Job In A Lil Over 12 Hours .. Wish Me Luck Haha 
Got The Job haha 
just sittin here veggin out lol 
Life ain't always beautiful , Tears will fall sometimes , Life ain't always beautiful , But it's a beautiful ride 
9 days till i start my job 
Prop me up beside the jukebox if I die , Lord , I wanna go to heaven but I don't wanna go tonight , Fill my boots up with sand , put a stiff drink in my hand , Prop me up beside the jukebox if I die 
-The Thunder Rolls- 
-Hold Me Now , I'm Six Feet From The Edge And I'm Thinkin ' , That Maybe Six Feet , Ain't So Far Down- 
I've dealt with my ghosts and I've faced all my demons , Finally content with a past I regret , I've found you find strength in your moments of weakness , For once I'm at peace with myself , I've been burdened with blame , trapped in the past for too long ... I'm movin ' on 
Baby , Go All Night , Sometime , Anytime , Sugar Me Sweet , Little Miss Innocent Sugar Me .. Yeah haha 
-If you come right back to me , I won't fight it , I won't fight it , Show me what you need from me , Don't hide it , Don't hide it- 
-The Pride Of A Lion Is Your Disguise , But The Fear Of A Coward's In Your Eyes- 
Good Night All .. Lata 
Panthers are 0-5 .... damn this year is gonna suck ... 
work went pretty good , get to go back and do it all over again in 13 hours haha 
Maybe Once .. Just Once 
< PROPFEMALE > FINALLY won haha 
My God I Swear ... I Got A Really Bad Feelin ' < PROPFEMALE > Is Gonna Go 1-15 This Season lol At Least Its A Good Draft Pick haha 
I'm gonna be somebody , One of these days I'm gonna break these chains , I'm gonna be somebody , someday ... You can bet your hard earned dollar I will ;) 
oh thank God i got 3 days off before goin back for another 40 hour week lol 
I'll Walk Dead or Alive , I'll Waste My Time Whenever I Like , I'm Feelin ' Okay With My Whiskey Hangover Haha 
alot on my mind i think i need to spend some time in my window 
I Don't Want To One Day Look Back On My Life , Sayin Why Didn't I Do All I Could Have Done , Cause Lifes Too Short And Deaths Too Long , And Before Ya Know It The Time Is Gone .. And There Ain't No Way To Ever Get It Back 
Whatever you do today you'll have to sleep with tonight 
Couple Hours Then Its Work 4-2 
You've Gotta Stand For Somethin ' Or You'll Fall For Anything 
work 4-2 then sleep .. oh how i miss sleep lol 
work 4-2 then sleep so i can get up and do it again tomorrow haha gotta love it 
work tonight 4-2 then gotta work on Thanksgiving so eat a share for me haha 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
So I Know This Woman And Let Me Tell Ya .. She Shines Like A < PROPFEMALE > When She Walks Into The Room , She Could Charm The Stars And Hypnotize The < PROPFEMALE > 
Eachof us have 1000 aspirations . a cancer patient has only one : to get wellagain . I know that 97% will not post this in their status , but I know 3% of my friends will do it , at least for an hour to honor those who died from cancer or are fighting 
work 4-2 
It's Angels Like Her That Send Guys Like Me Straight To Hell 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
Hugging in public is like having sex on a bench in time square lol - KB 
in alot of pain i think i might've pinched a nerve in my hand .. damn this sux 
in alot more pain than last night plus its snowin out haha nice 
\Your Eyes Speak The Truth That You Cannot Hide \"" 
Just To See You Smile , I'd Do Anything That You Wanted Me To , Cuz When All Is Said And Done , I Never Count The Cost , Its Worth All That's Lost .. Just To See You Smile 
Love's Gone To Hell ... And So Have I 
Hey I hope it’s < PROPFEMALE > wherever you are , But that’s sure not the picture tonight in my car , And it sure ain’t easing my pain all these songs like , Rainy Night In < PROPFEMALE > , and Kentucky Rain , Here Comes That Rainy Day Feeling Again , Blue Eyes Crying In The early morning Rain , They go on and on , And there’s no two the same .. 
The Reasons I'm Alone I Know By Heart , But I Don't Wanna Spend Forever In The Dark , I Swear Next Time I'll < PROPFEMALE > On For Dear Life .. If Love Ever Gives Me Another Try .. 
How Do You Talk To An Angel ?... Well It's Like Tryin To Catch A Fallin ' < PROPFEMALE > 
Life's Like A Big Ole Rodeo ... So Good Luck Hangin ' On That Full 8 Seconds 
Never Look Back .. The Past Is A Wilderness Of Horrors 
Why Ask Why The Bologna Is In The Ashtray ? 
D'OH! 
Well today started pretty good lol 
I can go out every night of the week , Can go home with anybody I meet , But it's just a temporary high , ' cause when I close my eyes ... I'm somewhere with you 
Mistakes mistakes everybody makes'em 
Seems Every Time I Make My < PROPFIRST > .. Somebody Paints The Wall 
When Ya Got Nothin , Ya Got Nothin To Lose 
Thinkin it's about time to catch a few Z's lol 
Work tomorrow 8:30 - 5\ 
Night all 
4.5 hours left today \ 
Goin pretty good so far :) 
Had a good day for once things are workin out :) 
Work 8:30 - 5 then idk lol 
Okay folks do not text me Monday thru Friday between the hours of 7am and 6pm I'm either driving to work , at work , or on my way home from work thank you 
We're Like Fire And Gasoline .. I'm No Good For You You're No Good For Me 
PAYDAY !! Haha gotta love it 
Life Is Not Tried , It Is Merely Survived , If You're Standing Outside The Fire 
Had a great weekend :) \ 
And got a feelin this week is gonna be great too :) 
Work 830-5 then idk lol \ 
But i do know what I'm doin tomorrow after work :) 
Good Morning Erebody lol \ 
Hopin everyone has a great day \ 
Can't wait for 6pm lol 
Had a great time playin Tetris with my girl tonight :) hopefully I see again before too long 
Goin to dinner with my girl :) 
weekends goin by way too quick lol 
Work 8:30 - 5 then hopefully seein < PROPFEMALE > for a lil bit :) 
Didn't get to see her for very long but it was awesome nonetheless :) 
Finally got the brakes fixed on the Corsica lol 
Oh it's a beautiful day 
I Wouldn't Be A Man If I Didn't Feel Like This , I Wouldn't Be A Man If A Woman Like You Was Anything I Could Resist 
