I just saw a sign that said \What if the ' Hokey-Pokey ' IS what it's all about ? \ " I think the world would be alot more fun to < PROPFEMALE > out in then ... I'd love to be doin ' the hokey-pokey right now in the middle of a crowded place with a bunch of folks ... or just " 

At the end of this 2010 I am speechless because of all the horrors of the year ... May 2011 bring the World beauty & love instead of these unspeakable horrors .... 
I'm an ' open book ' that lives alone in a tower(with 2 militarily trained attack Chihuahua's ) located on an island(secret BTW ) and it's protected by a private navy seal team ! Well , that's all true except for the militarily trained part and it's a treehouse not a tower and well , I can't tell the truth about who protects me . Ask me anything , just carefully and w/a measure of kindness . :) 
ME : She lived without much thought for the future . She made due with what she had , enjoyed her friends , and always lived a notch or too this side of too much hope . Those who knew her would describe her as happy more than not , but because her interests were moderate in a world gone madwith desire , they for the most part , considered her strangely out of step with reality . 
Reposting : \You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you odd ! \ " Flannery O'Connor ain't that the truth < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! LOL :) " 
\It is easier to contend with evil at the first than at the last . \ " < PROPMALE > da Vinci " 
The reason is , since childhood , I have been the victim and witnessed so much hypocrites and very evil ppl going by the term ' Christian ' , and it's only getting worse ! The bigger the cross I see someone wearing , the more wary I am .... that's my story and I'm stickin ' 2 it said the girl who lives in the treehouse amid the snow covered volcano's with her invisible protectors !!!! :) 
Part A of post , next post is follow up . From what I have been told , I knew the Son since I could speak and would often be found speaking to HIM as a toddler . I have of this day decided to no longer refer to myself as a ' Christian ' . I am of the Uncreated Creator and a follower of His Messiah son ... That's it , period . 
My BIO : She lived without much thought for the future . \ 
She made due with what she had , \ 
enjoyed her friends , \ 
and always lived a notch or too this side of too much hope . \ 
Those who knew her would describe her as happy more than\ 
not , \ 
but because her interests were moderate in a world gone mad\ 
with desire , \ 
they for the most part , considered her strangely out of\ 
step with reality . 
This quote was found on FB friends page .... love it ! \ 
\Some wish to live within the sound of church and chapel < PROPFEMALE > . I want to run a rescue shop within a yard of hell . \ " - C.T. Studd\ 
I wish I had more FB friends that didn't just repost stuff off the internet and that actually had original things to say .... AI-Yi-Yi !!!! Are most people lacking in originality or am I just a freak-a-doodle ... never mind , it's a well known fact I'm a freak-a-doodle , up for universal award actually ... man , you should see the trophy ... it's purty and floats ! sorry , gone goofy naturally , no chemicals allowed or needed ! :) 
Just read : Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car . LOVE IT !!!!! 
My FB friend Viento Llaves posted :\ 
\Our greatest weakness lies in giving up . The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time\ " - < PROPFIRST > Edison\ 
OUR LIVES BEGIN TO END THE DAY WE BECOME SILENT ABOUT THINGS THAT MATTER . There is a FB with this name and it is about the gulf BP cover up ... I highly recommend that everyone pay attention , and esp . to this quote ! Do something about what matters to you , whatever it is ! 
\One Dog Barks a WARNING -- THE OTHERS BARK AT HIM ! \"-- Chinese Proverb " 
And let us consider how we may stimulate one another on toward love and good deeds . Hebrews 10:24 I think encouraging those around us to love and do good deeds ... no matter how small , is a worthwhile endeavor .... so , with that said , I'm wishing everyone a portion of love and encouragement today in whatever you do !!! :) 
In case anyone was wondering , this profile pic is of the Orion Nebula , I think the universe is just gorgeous and a Nebula is gas and dust(which I feel like alot of the time LOL ) but stars are being formed ... so hopefully out of my gas and dust something will come out of it , radiant ! :) 
Posted my immediate family photo's under notes .... :) 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . \ - < PROPMALE > Marley " 
S.O.S. I am in need of prayers and good thoughts because I am moving today and the next couple of days because of intolerable living conditions by current landlord . Please pray for my peace of mind and that they will refund the money due me , as my resources are slim to none ! Also , just good thoughts my way is a big help ! Love you all ! :) me ..... 
So far move is going well ! Lot's left to do but there is such a sweet peace in my new little place ! :) Puppies are adjusting and I'm right next door to my best friend ... :) Thanks for blessings ... now I just have to pray the ' hypocrites ' of old landlord's will refund money ... I am fulfilling my side of the lease ... now it's up to them ! I love all my FB friends .... please know that ! :) 
“Through it all , an ultimate intelligence – call it what you will – guides and directs the various activities of everything in the universe – including all living life forms – in unfathomable , unseen ways . ” < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Wolf , P h.D. , ‘The Soul and Quantum Physics’ ... via FB friend < PROPFEMALE > Kite 
via < PROPMALE > Marquez :\ 
A person however learned and qualified in his life's work in whom gratitude is absent , is devoid of that beauty of character which makes personality fragrant . \ 
Hazrat Inayat Khan 
Via FB < PROPFEMALE > PureJoy < PROPFEMALE > ????? Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over , it became a butterfly ? 
BTW : GOD(the divine ) is NOT , I repeat , NOT religion !!!!! 
Oxymoron typified : US govt . trains people to kill , understood . As of now , all pit bulls are banned from military housing property . If you are about to be deployed to kill , and own a pit bull , and do NOT surrender(to be euthanized ) , you will still be deployed and your wife will be arrested .... just a topic to be thought about . aaaarrrggghhhh ... I understand wars , military and that bad dogs are made bad by people ... 
GOD does not equal ' religion ' .... 2 very seperate entities ... sometimes they come together ... most times NOT ! :( 
“Linger awhile over each person you meet , each person you live with , each relationship , even those people you see walking through the crowds , the strangers you do not know . Look on them with love . Contemplate them . Take them into your heart . ” Macrina Wiederkehr , ‘A Tree Full of Angels’ 
via FB M . B . \Comfort on difficult days 
“Whether you know it or not , each of you represents a spark of inspiration within the Great Mystery . You are needed . You touch the lives of many and are responsible for changing the lives of others for the better . For all that you do and for who you are , I thank you for being . ” < PROPFIRST > Sams , ‘Messages for the Women of the Millennium’ 
<----- = Me , Certifiably mental , LOL !!!! :) I actually ' high fived ' a telephone pole . In an effort to regain physical strength after long medical disability , I was able to take a walk and did some exercises for strength , and I was so pleased with myself , etc ... 
Life is worthwhile if you CARE . If you care at all , you will get results . If you care enough , you will get incredible results . Care enough to make a difference . Care enough to turn somebody around . Care enough to change . Care enough to win !! (Thanks < PROPMALE > Marquez ) 
I need prayer/good thoughts regarding legal decision that I have to make by 10/18 . I am being charged with something traffic related that I did not do and need prayer that this matter will just be dropped ! Been to court 2 times and they keep lowering the fine but want me to plead guilty . I am NOT guilty but they are threatening to take it to jury trial . 
Sitting in church makes you no more a Christian than sitting in a garage makes you a car . 
MY BIRTHDAY , It has been a beautiful birthday thanks to all that has been provided in my life ! B/F/partner , pets , 1 semi-friend in this town and FB friends and their love ! It has been extra special cause my health has been good , the weather was spectacular , B/F got me amazing presents ( all the while I thought all men were clueless)I learn something new everyday ! love and all good things to anyone reading this ! 
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history . \ 
Ghandi 
FB quiz : What Serial Killer would you be ? I commented the following : I could never conceive to be a Serial Killer , now Cereal Killer !? that would be something all together I COULD AND WOULD do ! I WOULD KILL all commercial cereals marketed to children that make them fat and mess with their growth and health ! I'm stuck on all natural Mueslix right now , no added sugar , yummy in my tummy stuff ! It lowered my cholesterol ... 
To accomplish great things , we must not only act , but also dream ; not only plan , but also believe . ~ Anatole < PROPFEMALE > ~ 
\Courage is more important than anything else in the world if you want to tell the truth . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Moore " 
Happy , Loving , Joyful , Singing , Praising , Hoping , Wishing , Dreaming , Longing , Forgiving , Amending , Communicating , Laughing , Smiling , Giving , Striving , Thriving , and round and round it goes ... Merry Go Round to everyone !!!!! :) <3 
I like the bumper sticker , \Not all who wander are lost\ " ! I wander in life but I'm not lost ... I'm mostly wandering cause I'm full of wonder ! :) " 
Trying to live out somebody else's life script is like putting a size 10foot into a size 7shoe . \ 
Why not start off with the right fit ? Acknowledge your unique gifts and talents , as well as your wants and needs . Then seek out situations and circumstances that will allow them their full expression . This route may take time , but the results are worth it , a life of peace and fulfillment that comes from being true to yourself 
Knowledge is like a garden . If it is not cultivated , it cannot be harvested . -- African Proverb 
We are afflicted in every way , but not crushed ; perplexed , but not despairing ; persecuted , but not forsaken ; struck down , but not destroyed . 2 Corinthians 4:8 -9 
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams ! Live the life you've imagined . As you simplify your life , the laws of the universe will be simpler . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau 
Be < PROPMALE > men of < PROPMALE > deeds , For LOVE is holier than CREEDS ! -- Evelyn Underhill circa late 1800's 
If we do not share the light , but only the dark , then the dark wins ! I am to the point of resolving to make my FB < PROPFEMALE > a place of light and hope . I wonder if I will keep that resolve . And to keep wonder alive . I once had a bumper sticker that said \Not all who wander/wonder are lost . \ " I will wander and wonder and smile just because . " 
\And forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair\ " ~ Kahlil Gibran " 
\Dance as though no one is watching you . Love as though you have never been hurt before . Sing as though no one can hear you and LIVE as though heaven is on earth ! \ " -- Souza " 
Prayer of My Heart\ 
Make my soul Thy temple ! \ 
Make my heart Thine altar ! Make my love Thy home ! \ 
May Thy love shine forever on the sanctuary of my devotion , and may I be able to awaken Thy love in all hearts . \ 
Paramhansa Yogananda\ 
... \ 
Born January 5th , 1893 
\The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the < PROPFEMALE > of God and the refreshment of the soul . \ " Johann < PROPMALE > Bach " 
We are weaned from our timidity . In the flush of love's light we dare be brave . And suddenly we see that love costs all we are and will ever be . Yet it is only love which sets us free . - < PROPFEMALE > Angelou 
\A good deed is never lost : he who sows courtesy reaps friendship ; and he who plants kindness gathers love . -- < PROPMALE > " 
From FB friend Dave : \The best and most beautiful things in life cannot be seen or even touched ... they must be felt with the heart . \ " ~ Helen Keller " 
Lovely Spring will be here before long , and all of our hearts will be lighter , we will feel brighter and even perhaps we will smile , love and laugh more !!! :) Blessings ! 
\Love is the Absolute Truth ... from there derives all of existence in form and formlessness ... \ " ~ ~ Arsjadd Poese ~~" 
“In the words and deeds of the past there lies hidden a treasure that people may use to strengthen and elevate their own characters . ” I < PROPFEMALE > 
What's on my mind ??? Hmmm ... all the evil doers and their minions doing their dastardly deads all over the world .... At least some people are standing up for what's right and true , but not many ..... :( 
What's on my mind ? That so far things are peaceful today in Egypt and < PROPMALE > is safe . I am thankful , feeling blessed , relieved and so much more at peace . The prayers of HIS people have been answered , even our Muslim brothers and sisters and I'm much more in love with my global community than ever !!!! Shabat Shalom !!! much , much <3 
We are no longer a democracy ... sure we hold elections ... so does Egypt . Fascism : A system of government marked by centralization of authority under a dictator , stringent socioeconomic controls , suppression of the opposition through terror and censorship , and typically a policy of belligerent nationalism and racism . mmm ... pat downs , scans ... Welcome to the NEW USA ! 
A DIFFERENT WORLD CANNOT BE BUILT BY INDIFFERENT PEOPLE . -- My chinese fortune cookie today ... the very day I decided to stay in < PROPFEMALE > and work for change ! :) 
What's on my mind ? Hmmmm ... God is not looking for religious NUTS , but for SPIRITUAL FRUIT ! :) <3 
What's on my mind ? That all of you will have a good day , endure the struggles with a smile , share with us , when something is too much to bare alone , that love fills your heart and mind and that your time is well spent for the love of all , puppies and kitties included ! :) <3 Off to do community service , am Happy & Blessed ! :) <3 
WITHOUT BLESSINGS , THERE WILL BE MASS SCREAMING !!! BLESS SOMEONE TODAY ! :) <3 
PRAY FOR THE INNOCENT IN LIBYA ! PRAY FOR THE INNOCENT IN LIBYA ! PRAY FOR THE INNOCENT IN LIBYA ! PRAY FOR THE INNOCENT IN LIBYA ! PRAY FOR THE INNOCENT IN LIBYA ! PRAY FOR THE INNOCENT IN LIBYA ! PRAY FOR THE INNOCENT IN LIBYA ! GOD AND ANGELS GIVE MERCY MEANT FOR ME TO THEM THESE DAYS AND NIGHTS IS MY PRAYER ! AMEN ! THANK YOU ! <3 <3 <3 
< PROPFEMALE > BACK UP AND RUNNING ! Had to have computer worked on ! Thanks ! :) 
HOPE SPRINGS ETERNAL !!!!! 
I've been quite ill ... Be back soon ! <3 
For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now . Romans 8:22 ..... take a look around ! :( 
Some people might ask , \why does Treasure have her profile pic set to \"< PROPFEMALE > through the Looking Glass ? \ " .... because that is what life feels like these days ... quite SURREAL ! :( But < PROPFEMALE > makes it out ok !!!! :) <3 " 
Do NOT be grieved , for the JOY of the LORD is your STRENGTH . \ 
Nehemiah 8:10 ( NASB ) 
With all the zaniness and craziness going on , I had to change my profile pic to the duck in a straight jacket in the padded cell ! The only way to survive these days is to a bit loony ! P.S. had to back to E.R. today , and they always ask about previous operations . I mentioned the little ones and then asked if lobotomy counted ? They laughed hysterically !!! 
ATTENTION : I DON'T DO APPS AND POKING IS A RIDICULOUS FB INVENTION .... TALKING , CHATTING , MESSAGING ... THAT IS ALL FOR THIS LITTLE ONE ! 
The earth-bound caterpillar cloaks herself within a dark cocoon , so that she may transform herself into a beautiful butterfly . Such is the Perfect Way of Life for all of us . Darkness and trials are just the cocoon in which we grow ourselves into a more beautiful Being . -- JoAnn Kite(great person ... should get to know her ! ) 
<-- ME : She lived without much thought for the future . She made due with what she had , enjoyed her friends , and always lived a notch or too this side of too much hope . \ 
Those who knew her would describe her as happy more than not , but because her interests were moderate in a world gone mad with < PROPFEMALE > they for the most part , considered her STRANGELY OUT OF STEP WITH REALITY ! (What a great way to live , happy little me ! ) 
A REPEAT : I don't repost causes , I don't do apps ... rarely poke . ETC .... chatting and commenting I do . PERIOD ! Dang it sheeple ! :( 
am done w/ controvesy ; peace out for a while .. <3 u all 
I'm ok ! :) 
