Heres to starting over . To new friends and old . Good times and bad . New chapter of our lives . Make it worth reading ! 

Honor Courage Commitment 
8 months in cali for a year in iraq umm fair trade ! 
peace out for 6 days try to clear my head 
Spent the night sleepin at legacy elementry now im in panguitch !? almost saw my friend die she was almost crushed by a truck 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , An 8 year old from < PROPFIRST > , Was racing motocross at < PROPMALE > Mountain Raceway Friday night June 20th . When he went over the table top right before the finish line and flat landed , he lost control and slammed in to the ply wood barrier . It killed 
Off To Trek at 7:30 Wish Me Luck 
BA BA BA < PROPMALE > !!!! 
My world goes black before I feel an angel lift me up And I open bloodshot eyes into fluorescent white They flip the siren , hit the lights , close the doors and I am gone REST IN PEACE < PROPFEMALE > 
lovin the fact when i check my mail i wont find a warrent with my name on it anymore !! 
OUTTA CONTROL ??? 
School is so over rated 
Meh . . . Ready for vegas 
TECHNO KID !? ARE YOU A TECHNO KID !?!? YEAH WHAT LOL 
Leavin To Hike Timp HELLA with cuz and dev to bad people are not the outdoorsy type ( TECHNO KID ) 
sometimes I lay awake at night and try to figure it out is my life going north is it heading south I'm walking on a fence between wrong and right trying to keep a level head try to keep my goals in sight it's hard as hell in this world today friends I've known for many years started acting strange things I cared about before seemed to just fade away now I'm left with these questions of today 
Love is not written on paper , for paper can be erased . Nor is it etched on stone , for stone can be broken . But it is inscribed on a heart and there it shall remain forever . 
sometimes I lay awake at night and try to figure it out is my life going north is it heading south I'm walking on a fence between wrong and right trying to keep a level head try to keep my goals in sight it's hard as hell in this world toda ... y friends I've known for many years started acting strange things I cared about before seemed to just fade away now I'm left with these questions of today 
Tha Gaol Agam Ort !!! 
Neeeds a New kneee 
If we could sit together a moment And talk forever just to pass the time I would smile as the shivers and chills run down my spine With your eyes are locked on mine 
Could not ask for better influences and friends in my life ! 
Pumped i did a double gainer full so legit !!! 
Giving Up On Dreams Is Giving Up On Hope Giving Up Hope Is Giving up On Love Giving Up On Love Is Giving Up On Life . ~ Cory Argyle Never Never Give Up ~ < PROPMALE > Churchhill 
meh . . . . . . . . 
sometimes I lay awake at night and try to figure it out is my life going north is it heading south I'm walking on a fence between wrong and right trying to keep a level head try to keep my goals in sight it's hard as hell in this world today friends I've known for many years started acting strange things I cared about before seemed to just fade away now I'm left with these questions of today 
. . . . . good question 
“To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . ” 
“For everything you have missed , you have gained something else , and for everything you gain , you lose something else . ” 
If it has 2 wheels or a skirt i can't afford it . . . 
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself . ~ 
“When I see you smile and know that it is not for me , that is when I will miss you the most . ” 
Motocross is not a thing that we do to be popular . make money , or get the girls . but it is something that we do for the love of being on a dirt bike . The countless hours all of us put in to this sport is not because we want to be famous , but because we love it . You will never have a bigger adrenaline rush than lining up at the gate with 40 riders next to you , all wanting the same thing , to win . 
I wish I was that guy from the miller light commercials so I could walk into parties and take peoples beer without getting yelled at 
so I was just driving high and I stopped to let a pinecone cross the road because I thought it was a hedgehog . 
Considering last night's endeavors , I am going to hell 5 times over . 1 for puking on a hobo , 1 for laughing about it , and 3 for remembering it today and laughing about it sober 
206 DAYS AND COUNTING 
JUST A LITTLE NOTE TO THE WORLD ME AND CAM ARE GONNA BE HELLA < PROPMALE > YES ITS TRUE AND ITS ALRIGHT TO BE JEALOUS ! 
We can't change the world unless we change ourselfs . ~ Notorious B I G ~ 
So thankful for my amzing friends they are amazing examples to me everyone that makes a difference in my life !!! Thankful for my fam damly also ;) 
“You are what I never knew I always wanted” 
My bestfriend kicks your bestfriends ass !!! 
attendence school so bomb 
Nothing better than buying 6 dollar airsoft guns and having a battle < PROPMALE > hahaha 
As A New Year Starts So Does A New Chapter In Our Lifes . Make Every < PROPFEMALE > Worth Reading !! Love To All My Friends And Family Who Keep Me Going :) 
Risk it all cause I'll catch you when you fall Wherever you go . . . . 
Sunday morning eating ice cream watching supercross only missing one thing but a pretty good morning over all !! 
Heres to starting over . To new friends and old . Good times and bad . New chapter of our lives . Make it worth reading ! P.S. love all those friends who have helped me even if you dont think you have !! 
Hate when your day starts out bad and seems to keep getting worse but hey tomorrows a new day 
Deep inside of you there's a < PROPFEMALE > glow . . and it gets brighter then you I will never know . 
I don't get the joke seems like were friends one day hate the other . . . 
I think sundays are my new favorite days waking up late supercross and icecream almost perfect ! 
I have been so lucky and fortunate to have such amazing friends in my life so many have changed it i hope you all know who you are . 
urbandictionary.com, definition of < PROPFIRST > ; A friendly guy who will always be there for you no matter how much of a bitch you are . 
Just got done wit some basketball i thinks its safe to say i am thee worst ever but it was still fun ! 
Today is going to be probably one of the best days so far FINALLY GOING RIDING !!!! 
is going to learn how to chant like an Indian 
I have thee GREATEST friends and people in my life !! Its ok to be jealous 
No matter the pains we have . No matter the things that stand in the way . No matter the people who tell you you cant your not good enough . Find the motivation and people in your life you say yes you can and are there for you . 
. . . MOTOWITHDRAWLS . . . 
what is on my mind Love+Passion = Motocross 
Jus got back from riding it was dope ! ahhhh Motocross makes the world better ! 
Oh yes beautiful morning sweet sweet smell of a four stroke going to the track . . . . ahhh life couldn't be much better . 
Ate at a vegan restaurant . . . So good 
There's a place downtown , Where the freaks all come around . It's a hole in the wall . It's a dirty free for all . ; ) 
So ready to get the hell outta Utah and off to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Fun Fact #3 . At hooters the application process consists of throwing you a bra and saying fill this out . ahahaha < PROPFEMALE > bad ass 
I love riding till its so dark you cant see on your way back to the truck . . . amazing 
“Don’t ask what the world needs . Ask what makes you come alive , and go do it . Because what the world needs is people who have come alive and have a < PROPFEMALE > to live their dreams . ” 
Senior Prom was so bomb . . .. . . . . SIKE 
Just realized I have never been to disney land who will take/ go with me ?? 
Utah is easily the Greatest Place on earth . . . . Oh wait its not Utah blows ! 
“Some people come into our lives and quickly go . Some stay for awhile and leave footprints on our hearts . And we are never , ever the same . ” 
Yesterday while riding I found Probably thee most amazing view of Utah county . It blew my mind so who wants to go camping ?? 
Ready to leave it all behind and never look back ! 
Im out ! ! 
The silence isn't so bad . . . Till I look at my hand and feel sad cause the spaces between are right where yours fit perfectly . . . 
Damn 4 more days in costa rica then I have to come home to shitty Utah :( write me a message if you want something cool from here if you're loved I might hook it up lol 
Tight I always know just what to say to screw it up sooo desc . . . cant wait to come home to nothing 
My hats off to Mr. < PROPFIRST > Shennum ! Proud of you son . 
Who wants to go camping ? ? ? 
I am The luckiest person in the world !! I'm blessed with the greatest friends in the whole world ! 
“I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . ” 
What to do . . . . 
The best kind of friend is the one you could sit on a porch with , never saying a word , and walk away feeling like that was the best conversation you've had . 
As this chapter of my life closes I can't help but look back and see how blessed and grateful I am for all the many close friends who have helped me so much . 
What an adventure !!! Soooo tight haha you all missed out 
Techno makes the world go round . 
Be grateful for the friends who have come into your life and made a difference . Don't hold on to the ones who pretend and leave you when you need them most . 
Ahhhhh The smell of 40 4 stroke motors on the line = Heaven 
Vegas tomorrow !! So pumped eff Utah ! 
“Promise me you'll always remember : You're braver than you believe , stronger than you seem , and smarter than you think . Many people will walk in and out of your life , but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart . 
Hope looks for the good in people instead of the worst : Hope opens doors when despair closes them : Hope lights a candle instead of cursing in darkness : Hope regards problems small and large as opportunities : Hope is a good loser because it has the divine insurance of final victory . Never Lose Hope ! ~ 
What a night give up my ticket to avenged . . Totally worth it !!! I could not be more proud and inspired by my brother , best friend , and home boy for life Elder < PROPFIRST > Shennum !! Love you bro and the example you are for me and this roller coaster of a friendship we have wouldnt change it for the world !! 
Half way done with traffic school !! Only another 1 hour and 30 minutes . . 59 . . 58 . . 57 
WOOOOOOOO finished traffic school got a nifty certificate of completion haha 
Chillin in Hooters hotel in Vegas ahhh i love Vegas California bound in the morning and then on a cruise to mexico haha love my life :) 
Is back home to Utah hmmm not sure why haha 
Important People : < PROPFIRST > Hall , < PROPFIRST > Shennum , < PROPFEMALE > Jolley , < PROPFEMALE > Ciriako , Kendelle K Rees , Cabrina Blackhurst :) 
Love nights like this just missin 2 people 
Forget about the people who are there when its convenient for them those kind of people will always come and go in your life . Hold on to those friends who are there threw the thick and thin and truly mean something to you . 
To all my TRUE FRIENDS : If you're alone , I'll be your shadow . If you want to cry , I'll be your shoulder . If you want a hug , I'll be your pillow . If you need to be happy , I'll be your smile . But anytime you need a friend , I'll just be me . :) 
Attention < PROPFIRST > Hall we need to come up with a new plan for the 11 of December we had one of our party mates go astray please call me so we can make an even more kick ass plan :) 
\Everyone hears what you say . Friends listen to what you say . Best friends listen to what you don't say . \"" 
Special needs kids are not sick or gross , they only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request : Is anyone willing to post this & leave it as your status for at least on hour ? It is Special Education Week , and this is in honor of all kids made in a unique way (: 
Need to get out of utah !!! 
Is that Mexican alcohol ?! . . . . . Ummm no its milk . . . 
Put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who suffers from being a BYU fan . Being a BYU Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for BYUF and sympathy does not help . But together we can raise awareness . 90% of BYU fans won't repost this because they don't kn ... ow how to copy and paste ... or win a football game . 
Im so sick of the people who pretend . . The people who claim they are your friends and are never there . . Im sick of being around people who are fake . . . To all my true and honest friends thank you ! You the ones who keep me going 
Dream what you want to dream ; go where you want to go ; be what you want to be , because you have only one life and one < PROPMALE > to do all the things you want to do even still Some people come into our lives and quickly go . Some stay for awhile and leave footprints on our hearts . And we are never , ever the same . ”” 
I love my Mom . She is the greatest Mom in the whole world ! 
Rest In Paradise < PROPMALE > my good friend . I will miss you and love you forever bro . . . :( Not fair 
Hold on close to those who mean the most to you . . Never let go . . Never forget . . For one day they will leave . . . 
RIP Mr. < PROPMALE > . . . 
sometimes I lay awake at night and try to figure it out \ 
is my life going north is it heading south \ 
I'm walking on a fence between wrong and right \ 
trying to keep a level head try to keep my goals in sight \ 
it's hard as hell in this world today friends \ 
I've known for many years started acting strange \ 
things I cared about before seemed to just fade away \ 
now I'm left with these questions of today 
I just dont know anymore . . . . 
So grateful for my AMAZING friends Love you all ! 
I pretty much woship Bullet for my < PROPFIRST > and Avenged ! 
Drawn into the backdrop here\ 
You could fade , you could fade away\ 
Bright lights on a starless night\ 
Burn a hole in the dying day\ 
\ 
Looking at life through a loaded gun\ 
Take your best shot , aim it at the sun\ 
You know you’ll find \ 
You’ll find yourself , you’ll find yourself alone 
< PROPFIRST > Shennum is going to be a Great Missionary ! Im so proud of you bro ! Much love and good luck see you in 2 man !! 
Pretty sure < PROPFEMALE > Jolley Is my favorite person :) 
Moto withdrawls I might possibly die 
Such an amazing feel to get your best friend back !! :) 
Loves Nights like tonight :) 
At least there is one thing in this world that is certain . . . Techno makes the world go round :) 
Amazing day so far skiing is dope now lunch time then back at it :) 
Amazing day of skiing dinner with tge fellas chillin with my favorite person < PROPFEMALE > and now 2:15 am Arizona bound 
What a great day of spring skiing 
Ok so Question that needs you opinion !! Who is more Beautiful < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Or Reese Witherspoon ?????? My Vote is < PROPFEMALE > HANDS DOWN ! :) 
11 inches of new snow over night about to show these newbs how to ski :) could almost be a perfect day 
