Gonna be a rough week my uncle < PROPMALE > passed away . 

Wish my kids would listen about to lose my babysitter ! 
Headed to < PROPMALE > tomorrow for the night concert and then the zoo . Woo Hoo ! 
Waiting for my little man to get up so we can find something to get into until daddy gets off work . 
Got to take my Gabby to the dentist today to get a cavity filled . She's never had any dentist work done ! Wish us luck I doubt it will be pretty ! 
I hate thieves ! 
Loving this fall weather ! 
Happy 1st Bday Kyler !! 
Happy Sweetest Day Everyone ! 
Nice as hell and I got to clean house . LOL ! Whats new ? 
Just got back from hanging with my brother and his family . My nephew loves his jumperoo I gave him ! Had a good time visiting . 
Gotta bust out some housework before the Cavs game tonight ! LETS GO < PROPMALE > !!! WOOHOO !! 
Gotta work tonight and then get stuff ready for our Halloween Party this weekend . 
I might actually get < PROPFEMALE > to school early today ! Its a miracle . LOL 
Found out we lost a very special person today . Keep us in your prayers . 
RIP < PROPMALE > , you will always be loved , remembered , and missed . 
Getting ready for work and then off to Church . I miss you < PROPMALE > ! 
Finally getting to sit down and relax , but the rest of the house will be waiting on me to clean it tomorrow lol . 
Its crazy how a feeling as wonderful as love can hurt so bad sometimes . 
Work ( job #1 ) , Church , Football , and back to work ( job #2 ) ! It's gonna be a busy one . 
I need to win the lottery ! I wanna shop shop shop ! I hate being broke ! 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!! 
Had a really good time with my brother n laws mother yesterday even though I miss < PROPMALE > sooo much . It was nice to be around the people he loved . 
I am so bored , I wanna go xmas shopping and can't cuz I'm broke . < PROPFEMALE > I want money lol ! 
I got a new cell phone the HTC Hero and so far I hate it ! Hopefully I start to like it soon or this thing is going back ! 
Just put up our little < PROPFIRST > brown tree I bought this year . I'm actually impressed it turned out cute . 
Frustrated with life today . Wish things would just work to my advantage sometimes . 
Just when I thought things couldn't get any worse ... 
Today was my daughter Gabby's 4th Birthday how time flys . Been a hectic day . 
Busy weekend ... Hopefully everything will go as planned for once and without drama . 
Trans Siberian Orchestra was good last night , but came home to Gabby having a 103.4 fever ... not so good ! All I want for Christmas is my family to be healthy please ! 
Another day gone , could it get better soon please ... Off to work . Hope everyones day goes well . 
Well thought my life was gonna take a turn for the better until it all just came crashing down once again . No matter what you do for some people its just never enough . In the end you end up hurt anyway . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone . Hope everyones day is filled with wonderful memories . 
Its been a good 3 days without drama hopefully this can continue and get better and better ! Staying positive ! 
Nate has a meeting w/his employer Thursday . Hopefully he will get his job back . Pray for us ! 
Nate left for his meeting with his employer and my stomach is going insane ! Please let something go right for us today ! 
Well Nate had his meeting at work and now we got to wait for the phone call with the answer to whether or not he will be getting his job back . We are hoping things went well but the waiting sure does suck . 
Well Nate didn't get his job back ... I think its BS but whatever . Nothing seems to go our way lately anyway why would this situation be any different . 
Going bowling tonight with the hubby ! Cant wait to finally get out and do something for me ! I hope we have a blast . 
My fine is $270.50 ! LOL ! 
Feeling better today hope Kyler starts getting back to normal and the girls don't get it . 
Bored as hell and no motivation ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
It's < PROPFIRST>'s Week on Facebook . Change your profile picture to a picture of you with your significant other and tell us how long you've been together .? 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY ! 
Just got a new tattoo ! 
Went and played BINGO with my dad , brother , and sister last night . Been a long time since we got together like that and went and did something as a family . It was really nice and refreshing especially with things so messed up at home . Love you guys ! We need to do it again ! 
LETS GO CAVS ! 
Its beautiful out ! Hope my day is just as nice as it is outside ! 
Lets go CAVS ! 
Security is nice to have if only I was fortunate enough to have it ! 
It's crazy that you can feel so alone when your married and have kids , but I sure do and it really sucks ! 
My adorable nephew < PROPMALE > is 1 today ! Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > , Aunt Am love you ! Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day everyone ! 
Had a wonderful St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day with my husband . Can't wait to spend more time together like that . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for watching my little ones ! 
Yes - I have children . If you come over unannounced there WILL be toys from one end of the house to the other , dishes in the sink , and hell , there might even be food crumbs on the floor ! But we WILL be happy , and that's all that matters to us !... Re-post this if you have a house like mine . 
Loving this weather ! Wish I wasn't so exhausted though . Got my nephews bday party tonight and I am ready for my brothers spaghetti !! Love the Italian in me ! LOL 
Had a good time visiting a really good friend today ( Swoop ) . Thanks for the awsome food ! 
Beautiful day out today , but bored out of my mind ! 
Better get ready for work and get back home gotta easter egg thing to take the kids to later this morning . 
Exhausted ! That's all I can say ... 
Had a good family get away with no drama and no crazy worries . Kids had an awsome time . But unfortunatly it had to end and now were back in the real world . 
Happy Easter Everyone ! 
Brooklynn had her first soccer game of the season and althought they lost she did awsome ! Mommy is so proud of her ! 
Ready for the CAVS game tonight ! Lets go CAVS ! 
Gonna spend some time with my oldest daughter tonight . Hope we have fun she deserves it . O and don't forget LETS GO CAVS ! 
< PROPFEMALE > did awsome at her double header soccer games today . She scored a goal ! And now I owe her $5.00 for it LOL ! Its cool though it totally worth it . 
I'm tired but bored how is that possible ? You'd think I would just go to bed , but I can't sleep ! Guess if I lay down long enough I might be pleasantly suprised and crash faster than I think . 
I miss my old life ... relationships I once had , people I've lost , some sort of stability that gave me hope , a normal routine where my kids got to school on time , house work usually done , coming home and being able to just breath instead of drama , Feeling like everything was worth the struggle ... I miss it all . 
LBJ = MVP officially today at Akron University ! Woohoo ! 
IN MEMORY of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried , but never met , or held in our arms . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it . Break the silence , In Memory of all Angel Babies , gone too soon , but never forgotten ? 
Some people take & take & take but what will you do when there is nothing left ? Will you just move to the next person ? Will you have left anything behind for the other person to build from ? On the other hand some of us give & give & give will we leave anything left of ourselves in order to one day be happy ? Will there be a day when someone is willing to give to you just as much as they take ? I hope so Just a thought 
Bored , tired , and lost but I will survive . LOL ! Keep pushing for a better day it will come . 
It's nice to see nate relaxed and enjoying himself if only for a little while . Who knew all it took was catching butterflies with his daughter ? Bet he doesn't even realize it ! It's those moments u need to hold on to ! 
Fighting a cold , tired as hell , and got a disaster going on at the homefront but I got a feeling things are gonna start looking up . Now if I could only get some energy to clean this messy house id call the day a good one . 
Ready for the weekend already ... going to watch the Rampage/Rashad fight with my man ! Hopefully it will be a good time . 
Good weekend so far I've gotten to spend time with some of the people I love the most hubby , kids , family , my best friend , and some cool people along the way ! To bad it has to end ... 
Bored out of my mind and cant sleep ... Its nice and quiet though so just sitting here relaxing while the rest of the house sleeps ... 
Tired today ... need energy ! 
Bored out of my mind and starving ! Waiting on kids to get up from a nap and Nate to get off work and then dinner will definitely be in the works . 
Headed to BW3's with the family ... yum yum ! 
Same old bullshit just another day ! Honesty doesn't seem to get me anywhere but alone ! Tired of always trying to do the right thing . I guess after all these years I just don't know how to keep my mouth shut . Guess you'll love me for it or hate me but either way its me ! Its funny how you try to do the right thing and get shit on for it and you do messed up stuff and have people kissing your ass ! 
Getting kids dinner and baths and then bed they go . Gonna throw on some pj's and enjoy a movie by myself in the piece and quiet . 
Gave up on the movie idea forgot my show was on tonight ultimate fighter ! Gotta love it ! 
Sitting at work waiting on deliveries trying to come up with someone who might want to watch my kids on the 12th ... taking applications lol ! 
Tired out and bored , no energy at all yet I want to do something ? Well guess I'm getting off here for now ttyl facebook ! 
Took Gabby to work with me today then going home and grabbing up the other two and my sister and headed to < PROPFEMALE > secret hopefully everyone cooperates lol ! 
The mall is definitely not the place to take 3 kids ! Went to one store and I swear i was ready to scream ! Needless to say the trip was short lived and I didn't really get to look like I wanted to . Kyler had fun though in < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret grabbing the manicans butts lol ! I'm gonna have to teach him manners towards ladies lol ! 
Tired as hell , went to bed at 1 , up and to work by 4:30 , power was out and basement flooded , its gonna be a wonderful day ! Maybe my mom will cook me some breakfast and make it all better LMAO ! 
Another late night and everyone but me crashed out . Bored and nothing really on tv that I want to watch so facebook will have to waist some of my time lol . 
Staying up past 4am wasn't a good idea I am exhausted ! It was nice to go to church though today need to get back into going more regularly . 
How many of us really know all of the people on our friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to comment to this post how you met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this query can get !!!! 
Has had an awsome few days hanging out with some really cool people . Excited for the weekend ... hopefully things only continue to get better ! 
My daughters are in love with < PROPFIRST > Beiber and got my 19mo old son going around the house saying me me oohh ( the \Innie < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mo\ " song) ! Lmao ! So adorable ! " 
Bored out of my mind ! What to do , What to do ? 
Been a long day so far . Was up late hanging out w/my girl < PROPFIRST > Braun . Running on 4 hrs of sleep and not all together just got home from < PROPMALE>'s mom's funeral it was nice . Now I wanna relax for a few and I'm think spaghetti for dinner . 
So it's 5:30 ish in the morning this morning and I feel something crawling up and down my back and legs . Remind you I was sleeping so I just kept twitching it off figured it was Nate messing with me before he went to work . Uhhh No ! My daughter at some point in the middle of the night took the hampster out !! It was our hampster ! O boy is she gonna hear about this when I get home from work lol ! 
Finished putting all the chemicals in the pool this morning so hopefully after getting the water checked one last time the pool should be good to go for the kids this weekend . Hopefully the weather cooperates and the rain stays away . 
Just got done eating some italian sausages and been spending some time with my dad ! Got him some lawn seat tickets to the styx , foreigner , and kansas concert now he wants me and Nate to go with lol ! Looks like I will be getting a babysitter ! LOL 
Finally sitting down for the day . Watching the basketball game and relaxing in the peace in quiet . Seems like I've been going none stop for a few weeks now but yet nothing really accomplished around the home front . I've had fun though ... good friends and drama free wow ! LOL 
Making walking tacos for lunch , cleaning out the pool so the kids can swim , and just chillin at the home front today ! Did I mention that I have the bestest friends in the world ? ( < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST >!) You guys are awsome ! O and my husband and kids are pretty damn great too ! Love you all ! 
I met the most sweetiest girl ( < PROPFIRST > ) who has the biggest heart ! I think we've become really close friends pretty fast and I'm loving having someone to talk to and < PROPFEMALE > out with . If u read this < PROPFIRST > thanks for everything ! Love ya ! Your the best and know your appreciated . 
Gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with my girl < PROPFIRST > tonight downtown . Trying to talk my sis into joining me ! It should be a good time . Hopefully the rain stays away . 
Missing my grandmas Sunday dinners ! Hanging out with all the family , playing cards , and especially the great food . 
Had a really good time with my dad , sister , < PROPMALE > , and the hubby last night at < PROPFEMALE > . Gonna have to do it again soon ! Wish my brother could of been there . 
My hubby is cooking dinner ! Thanks babe . I am so tired , have absolutely no energy ! Ready to finally sit down in the piece and quiet once the kids go to bed and hopefully watch a movie with my baby . 
Praying for an old friend < PROPFIRST > Krupp and his family . I love ya . 
Beautiful day today . Might take kids to orrville parade . Have to see how energetic I get . 
Feeling sick to my stomach . Nerves are getting the best of me today . Hopefully it will pass . That's what everyone is telling me anyway . 
Kyler is a < PROPFEMALE > grabbing fool at the parade right now lol . 
Gonna try to get some sleep . Goodnight facebook . 
Just want to give a big thanks to those friends and family that have always been there and who have been or have become a constant in my life . You all know who you are I hope and thanks for pushing me when I'm stuck . I love you all ! ( FYI : Keep pushing , I'm sure I'll need it . LOL ) 
Happy birthday to my beautiful baby girl Brooklynn who is 8 today ! Mommy loves u ! Oh and happy 4th to everyone else ! 
Been a pretty good week but I hate feeling like silence is the only way to keep it that way . My mouth gets me into trouble and I don't even have to be running it lol . I consider it being real but I'm finding out that keeping it real gets me in more trouble than being fake . Guess I need to work on my don't give a shit methods lol . 
Birthday party today for my baby Brooklynn and my friends daughter < PROPFEMALE > here at the house . Hope all goes well , should be a fun time for the kids . 
Had a really nice visit with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > today in Tiffin ! Headed back home to maybe get in the pool . 
Well Kyler decided to throw my cell phone in the bathtub today ... so yep that means no phone for me and there went all my contacts as well . So if anyone needs or wants to get ahold of me looks like facebook or home phone is it till I can come up with another phone to use . Once I get the new phone I'm gonna need phone #s again . So if anyone has a spare cell phone they don't need that's in good condition let me know . 
Im using my brother's old cell for the time being . I got the same number but I lost all my contacts so if everyone could send me a text with your name and the number I can program it . Thanks . 
Had a good time with my mom and sister picking out some shirts for my birthday . Thanks mom ! I love you bunches ! 
Bored out of my mind . Not really tired and not much conversation going on in the house today . Starting to get a little irritable ... that's never good . LOL ! Hopefully I will actually get some decent sleep tonight without coughing all night so I'm not cranky tomorrow . 
Thanks so much for all the Birthday wishes everyone ! 
Breathing ... wrong , facial expressions ... wrong , way to ask a question ... wrong , staying quiet ... wrong , everything ... wrong . Starting to feel like there is nothing right anymore if the simple things in life are always wrong . Think I'm finally loosing the battle and there isn't a damn thing I can do about it but just sit and wait for the fallout . Its a frustrating and lonely feeling . 
Sitting at work waiting for the ADT man to show up then gotta run to the bank for deposits . Been a busy day at work today . Hopefully I can keep with the pace and bust out some laundry at home today ! 
Been a pretty rough day today . Hopefully tomorrow is better . Guess i gotta learn when to let go . If only it was that easy for me ... 
Bored but have no energy ... makes no sense ! A lot on my mind but things are chill so I guess that's a plus . Going to Cedar Point Sunday hopefully that will end up a fun day . I'm afraid of heights and don't care for rollar coasters so we'll see if I get brave or punk out on riding the rides . Either way I'll be with people I love so it should be a good time . 
Cooking dinner , got kids a bath , got dishes done for the most part ... almost time to relax . 
Well I survived the millinium force yesterday . Didn't open my eyes once but I made it through the ride lol . Had a wondful day with my husband from start to finish and had a blast with my sister and < PROPFIRST > . Love you guys ! 
Sitting with my little man watching some cartoons . Up next < PROPFIRST > Mouse Clubhouse ! Woohoo lol . 
Trying to get motivated to get some housework done but its just not happening . I am so exhausted today . Can't wait till my man gets off work ready to cuddle for the evening . 
Yay cold front ! It's gonna be a beautiful day ... working on laundry , headed to work , and then let the < PROPMALE > paying begin . I'm gonna try to make this a productive day since yesterday didn't work in my favor lol . 
IF YOU HAVE A SISTER WHO HAS MADE YOU LAUGH , WIPED YOUR TEARS , HUGGED YOU TIGHT , WATCHED YOU SUCCEED , SAW YOU FAIL , CHEERED YOU ON AND KEPT YOU STRONG , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS . \ SISTERS ARE A PROMISE FROM GOD THAT WE WILL HAVE A FRIEND FOREVER ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > your the best ! " 
Another day of laundry . Hopefully not as chaotic ! My hubby has then entire weekend off so hopefully its gonna be a nice relaxing one . 
In a pissy mood . Sucks was hoping for a nice weekend . Messy house , kids not listening ... just overwhelmed I guess . 
Well its midnight and I finally have piece and quiet so why am I bored ? Lol ! I'm tired too but don't wanna waste this relaxing moment lol . So do I watch more tv or go to bed ? Hmmmm ...? 
Nate and I have had a rough year but I must say I'm proud of him right now and what he is trying to accomplish . I am really missing him being here . His 12 hr days seem to last forever and his time at home goes by so fast . Can't wait for Sunday when we can spend some time together . 
Trying to stay positive and focused on the future . Hopefully things are gonna turn around for me and my family and we will finally get to a place where nothing can hold us down . Got high hopes ! 
Gonna be a good weekend with the fam .... Italian fest downtown Saturday and football starts Sunday ! Woohoo ! 
Well disappointed my plans for family time fell through but my girls and I are headed to Italian fest . 
Had a good time last night despite everything else going on ... now waiting to watch me some football ! 
Starving ready for supper ! It's in progress and its only 5 o'clock . That's a record for us lol . We usually have late dinners . Actually ready for the weekend to be over . 
Watching the football game I've been waiting anxiously for yet I'm bored and wanna do something . Ugh I hate this feeling . 
Woke up this morning covered in toilet paper . My son decided to tp me in my sleep lmao ! 
Getting ready to go register < PROPFEMALE > for school and possibly get school supplies . Wow how time flies ! She'll be in 3rd grade already ! 
Well plans for school shopping changed to Friday but I got < PROPFEMALE > registered . Gonna try to clean house a little before the hubby gets off work . 
Been a really long day between dealing with some screaming kids all day and cleaning I'm so ready for bed . If only the kids were I'd be set lol . 
Well had a pretty good day with my kiddos . < PROPFEMALE > went to work with me , we went out to eat , got there school haircuts , bookbags , and supplies , visited good ol dollar tree so they could spend there money that's been burning a whole in < PROPFEMALE > s pocket , and rented a movie for tonight if they ever decide they want to come in from outside . O and < PROPFEMALE > got the teacher she was hoping for , for her third grade year . Busy day ! 
Here we go brownies here we go ... Woot Woot ! Let's start this season off right . 
Nate , the kids , and I went to look at a house yesterday , was super cute . But we have decided to be smart about things get our bills right , debts paid , and save for something that we know for sure we want and not rush into something just because its possible . It was a nice reality check though to what we have to work towards and look forward to . Excited to say I think we are on the right track . 
So my daughter ( Gabby ) decided to put a < PROPFEMALE > in her mouth and then Brooklynn hit her and she swallowed it !!! Now I gotta make sure she passes the dang thing . Things kids do sometimes ... 
Bored ! Sitting at work waiting on this delivery . Another day without an oven at home since it decided to blow up . Hopefully someday the landlords will just get me one from this century ! Got Brookes open house tonight at school . Get to meet this teacher that she is excited she got . Guess I'm a little excited for her too . 
So kids been up since about 4am , I'm extremely tired , and I got a < PROPMALE > headache ... the start of yet another beautiful day . I hope something goes my way today . 
Bored ! Got my cleaning done , working on laundry . < PROPFEMALE > starts 3rd grade tomorrow and she's excited . Did I mention that I'm bored ? Wish I could take a trip to New Mexico in the blink of an eye . I would so go see my girl < PROPFEMALE > right now . She always makes me feel better . Miss ya girl ! 
Well my baby is staying at grams tonight with her first day of school tomorrow . I'm glad she has a grandma to look after her and spend time with her like that . I guess I'm kinda missing her today . I know she has butterflies about tomorrow but I know she will do great . 3rd grade here she comes ! 
Im exhaused in every way possible today . Physically struggling to keep my eyes open and mentally and emotionally drained . I am so ready for bed . On a better note < PROPFEMALE>'s 1st day of school seemed to go well . She really didn't tell me much but it was good lol . Boy she hates when I ask her what she did at school lol . It's a mother thing I guess . I would love to be a fly on the wall and just take in her experience . 
This weather is awsome ! Bout to get < PROPFEMALE > from school and do some house cleaning and get dinner started . Probably gonna sit and watch me some movies tonight . Feeling pretty decent I actually got everyone off to school and stuff and made it to work before 9 o'clock this morning lol . If you only knew how much of an accomplishment that is ..... LOL 
Just finished dinner . Bout to go get wet in the rain watching < PROPFEMALE>'s soccer skills evaluation . Then home for showers and a movie . 
So bored and no < PROPFEMALE > to do the usual cleaning and cooking and all that good stuff . Nate's already in bed for the night has to be at work at 3 in the morning working those 12's . Love him to death for it but sometimes the loneliness kicks in and it drives me crazy . I'll get over it we gotta do what we gotta do and I'm glad he's loving his job and working so hard for the family . 
Worst trip to subway ever ! Thought itd be nice to walk with my kids , my sister and mom to get some dinner and it turned into hell ! Gabby decided to cry and scream and kick and wine the entire time we were in the dang gas station ! Now < PROPFEMALE > decided she is gonna continue on the scream fest for the rest of the evening . Yay me ! 
Waiting on pizza ... really tired out today . Chillin at the home front gonna watch a movie later . Excited for a evening out with my hubby tomorrow @ our favorite place to eat Carabba's and then hitting up the good old Tinseltown . 
Well finally had a good weekend to where I can say I wish it didn't have to end . Me , the hubby and my sister and her man went out to eat at Carrabba's in Canton and then went to Tinsletown to see Takers . Awsome movie ! Just got done studying Brookes spelling words with her and now just sitting down and watching some football trying to get the kids to bed . 
Well my hubby is cooking dinner tonight ( his idea ! ) and he got me a < PROPFEMALE > and a really nice card that he even wrote something in ! Its times like this I can't even begin to express how much I love this man . I hope this loveable side of him stays for awhile ! I must say that I am enjoying it . I love you Nate ! 
Really tired but can't sleep . I'll reget it in the morning . I'm assuming my little miss Gabby can't sleep either because its way way way past her bed time even on a night when she is up late tonight beats all nights because she is still up and watching a movie for the second time tonight and it's going on 1am . Now I know I'm gonna really regret that lol ! 
Trying to get motivated . Not working so well ....... 
Been a really rough day on the nerves . So ready to lay it down and relax . I'm sure though the moment I do I will be sleeping . Brooklynn's first soccer practice went well . She finally got a coach who is gonna teach her to play some real soccer doing drills and stuff at practice . None of this fish in the see tag stuff her past coaches would do at practice . I think its gonna be a good season for her . 
Gotta a busy day today . Work , store , errands with mom , well child check ups for Ky and Gab and then hopefully a relaxing night with some football . Browns and Buckeyes ! 
Cooking dinner for the fam and then a fun filled night of watching the new Camp Rock 2 movie with the kids and hubby and making some ice cream sundays ! 
Bout to be leaving work and getting ready to head out to the zoo today . Hopefully the rain goes away . I think its gonna be another good day ! 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but nevermet , or those we have held but could not take home . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . In memory ... of all angels !? 
Absolutely loving the cooler weather today ! ( I know , I know shut up ! LOL ) In a mood today to possibly get some stuff accomplished around the house . Lets hope that mood stays once I get off work and get there lol . 
Getting ready to go to laundry mat with kids o boy ! This should be interesting ! Then < PROPFEMALE>'s soccer practice tonight . 
Well facebook its been real but I'm exhausted and need to get some zzzzz's . 
Been yet another busy day . I've spent more time in my < PROPFIRST > than at home this week . Ran some errands and got my brake lights fixed ( finally ! ) Had a nice dinner with the kids , my mom , and my sister . Now the exhaustion is kicking in . Won't be long before I will be seeing the back of my eyelids lol . 
My little man Kyler is getting so big so fast . This last week I have seen him developing so much in his actions and ecspecially his vocabulary . Its exciting and a little bitter sweet at the same time . He's talking in small sentences and saying all kinds of words and he's not even 2 till Oct . 1st . The last of my babies is gonna be a big boy before I know it . :( 
Well time to hit the shower and get the day started . Hopefully I can actually come home today for a little bit and get some of this housework done . Been a long crazy week . Ready to relax if possible . With the fair here I doubt relaxation is in the plans lol . Lord knows my kids are gonna be on me about going lol . 
Whoknows\ 
me best ? I Bet NOBODY can answer all these questions \ 
right .. Fullname : ___________ Age : ________ Birthday : ___________ Eye \ 
color : _________Nickname : ___________ Bestfriend : ______________ \ 
Favoritecolor : ___________ Favorite Food : ________ copy & paste & \ 
... see who knows you 
Think were gonna be headed down to the fairgrounds to sneak a peek at the animals tonight . Tractor Pull tomorrow night , kids rides Sunday , and Demo on Thursday . All I can say is food , food , and more yummy food . LOL ! 
Well got a few hours of sleep and a new day is here again . Yay ! Bad news day has started out like crap . Good news I woke up and Im here to experience this bad day . Gotta go to work for a bit , pick up < PROPFEMALE > from a slumber party , watch the OSU game , and then off to the tractor pull for a few hours . Hopefully with all that the day will turn out ok , but knowing me I'm not gonna hold my breath . LOL ! 
Just finished watching Letters to < PROPFEMALE > and actually loved it . For those of you who know my taste in movies I'm a horror kinda girl but this love story was cute as can be . If only all love stories could end as happy as this movies did ....... 
I hate the weekends anymore . They bring me nothing but drama . But on the flip side my daughter did well at her soccer game today and I'm sitting with some piece and quiet watching some football . OSU is kicking butt . 
Hoping the Browns will take this win today . Got alot to get done but we'll see how motivated I get to do it . Not in the mood to clean and stuff so it might have to wait . 
Got my carpets steam cleaned finally . Looks alot better but I'm sure it wont last but a week or two . Ready for this weekend to be over . I'm bored and tired and got about half a headache started . 
Why is it that I get bored and I jump on facebook only to still be bored ? Can we say get a life ? < PROPFEMALE > Patten if you read this bring your butt back to Ohio ! This lonely feeling is getting really old . I need you ! LOL ! 
6 in the morning and all 3 of my kids were up and into things . Yay ! Love starting the day off playing can you find all the stuff the kids are hidding in there room ? Hope the day gets a little easier on the nerves . Its been a long weekend and Im just wore out . 
Yesterday was such a busy crazy day and I am hoping that today will be a little less hectic and alot more relaxing . We'll see how long that hope lasts lol . Got some cleaning to do after work but other than that I'm gonna attempt to chill out today and be lazy ( if that's possible with 3 kids lol ) . Have a good day everyone ! 
Brooklynn had an awsome soccer scrimmage last night against a boy team ! They did so well trying to hold there own and it was very exciting to watch . Over all not a bad day . Hopefully today will only get better . Now off here to get the kiddos ready for school . 
Had an awsome night out last night ! Me and the hubby went to see our friend < PROPFEMALE > kick some ass in his first MMA fight and he won ! Absolutely loved watching all the fights . Think we are gonna try to do this regularly . On another note these browns better step it up and win this game . 
Bored , bored , bored ! And don't forget lazy too ! So what to do , what to do ? Think i'll go pick on Nate for few ! LOL ! 
Getting ready to watch this movie ( The Experiment ) been wanting to see it for a little while now . Hope it's a good one and I don't fall out half way through it lol . 
The hardest part of letting go is the fear that you will be left behind . 
Oh how I wish I could go back to bed ! It truly is calling me lol ! 
Got most of the house clean still got mopping and laundry and hopefully the girls are getting there room done . I think the rest is gonna have to wait for another day . I'm ready to relax and enjoy the rest of my evening . 
Today is my little man Kyler's 2nd Bday ! Wow how time flies when your not paying attention . He is becoming such an amazing little guy and I would freeze time with him at this age if I could . Happy Birthday Kyler ! Mommy loves you to death ! Today is also my dad's Bday . I am so glad that he is here with me as well . I am loving the time we have gotten to spend together and our relationship has only grown . Love you dad ! 
Another lost soccer game today . I hope the girls can at least win one game this year . They've really come along pretty good together . Now I need some energy I'm exhausted . 
Lots of Bday cake this weekend ! 3 bday parties down and I think we got a break now till December lol . Finally sitting down and relaxing hoping this week has something good in store for me . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s soccer practice was FREEZING ! But all in all a good night . Pretty tired wish the kids would fall asleep soon so I can relax . 
I am so sick and there is no time for me to be sick . I sure hope this goes away as soon as it hit . 
This cold is kicking my ass ! I really need to get stuff done somehow . Please go away ! 
I saw you pass away . Although i loved you dearly , i couldn't make you stay . Your loving heart stopped beating , and put your tired hands at rest . God broke my heart to prove to me that he only takes the best . put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if there is someone in heaven that you miss everyday . RIP < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Grandpa Giauque , Grandma < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > ... I love you all and miss you so much . 
Had a really good time shopping with my sister and DAD yesterday . Yes , I said shopping with my dad lol . Hope to do it again sometime . Just relaxing today gotta be up early in the morning for < PROPFEMALE>'s 9 am soccer game . 
Thought I was enjoying some quiet time untill Gabby came out of her room covered from head to toe in red ink ! Quiet time is never a good thing in this house with three kids . It usually means someone is getting into something . I think her new outfit is ruined ! 
is really missing my husband and the closeness we used to have . It seems like life gets in the way more and more and there just isn't enough time in the day to focus on the special moments . I love you Nate and no amount of time will ever take that away . 
Well been trying to find blue man group tickets all over the internet for Nate for sweetest day but no luck . :( This really sucks ! 
What to do for dinner ... hmmmmm ? 
< PROPFIRST > died this morning . Don't know what's wrong with it but its not starting . Yay ! We cannot be without a vehical with all the running we do . :( 
Well my sister and her boyfriend volunteered to watch my little ones all night tomorrow night so the hubby and I could spend a sweetest day together and go do something fun . Thanks so much < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! Super excited . Now I gotta get the < PROPFIRST > running or we will be taxi-ing it lol ! Not gonna pass up an opportunity to spend some alone time with my baby . 
I love your _______________ ? Put this as your status and see what people say about you !! Be nice !! :) 
Had the most amazing time w/a special someone last night ( my hubby ) . We had a nice dinner & got our butts kicked in bowling ( thanks to Nate's lack of pin action lol ) . Everything went my way ! Got a table @ dinner furthest away from the TV's & Nate misplaced his ID so alcohol purcheses were @ my discrestion lol ! I'm pretty sure he enjoyed himself just as much if not more though . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > 4 babysitting . Luv u both ! 
So the < PROPFIRST > isn't working again ! Damnit ! Guess it has something more going on than what I had thought and hoped was fixed . Now to figure out how to get it running . 
Getting ready to leave work and go see two of my favorite men ... Kyler and my hubby of course . Hope everyone has a good day ! 
OMG ! Today has been such a hectic crazy day . So much to do so little of me to do it . I am exhausted and still have so much left to do . I guess its gonna have to wait .... I need to sit down for a few . 
Excited for < PROPFEMALE>'s last soccer practice tonight ... parent/child scrimmage ! I gonna kick her butt tonight lol ! 
O what a week ! I'm so ready for a break ! Feel like I don't even have time to breath sometimes . 
I may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyone's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am or watch me as I walk away ! Post if you're proud of being you ! ? 
Happy Thursday Everyone ! 
Getting BW3s for dinner with my sister ... mmmmmm love them buffalitos ! Hubby's work got cancelled for tomorrow so the weekend gets to start a little early . Sucks on the money end of things but spending the time together is what matters in the long run and I can't wait ! 
Finally relaxing a little for the evening . < PROPFEMALE>'s last soccer game of the fall season tomorrow morning and then ordering the ppv UFC fights tomorrow night ... can't wait ! 
UFC prelims are underway ! Woohoo ! 
So tired I could fall asleep at work right now . Have a feeling today is gonna be a long day . 
Come on CAVS ... lets get this win ! 
Heck ya ! < PROPMALE > Rocks ... < PROPMALE > Rocks ! CAVS brought home the win against Boston ! What happened to Miami's win ? Who needs Labron ...? Don't get me wrong I like Labron but < PROPMALE > is my team ! 
What an evening of sports ! Wooster , OSU , and Cavs ! Lets get these wins ! 
Thinking of you today < PROPMALE > . I love you so so much and miss you like crazy ! Keep smiling in the sky for me ... 
Hope today is better than yesterday !!! I'm already feeling the stress and I haven't even made it home yet from work . Gotta keep telling yourself \breath in .... breath out .... breath in ..... breath out ! \ " Ok I'm good lol . ( For the moment ) " 
Making out Xmas lists for everyone . Hopefully I will be able to pull off a nice Xmas for everyone this year . I guess we will see . 
Finally sitting down for the night watching my CAVS and waiting on my hubby to get home . Ahhhh peace and quiet ... 
Can't wait for this day to be over ... been so irritable that I can't stand myself . Ready for my man to get home and cuddle up in bed . 
Been a pretty productive day I must say ... my house isn't the cleanest but if you knew me and I told you my laundry is almost caught up you would understand the progress I have made today lol ! 
My husband has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight watched me succeed , seen me fail , cheered me on , kept me going strong . My Husband is a promise from God that I will have a Friend Forever . Put this as your status if you love your husband ! 
I can't wait for all the sickness to be gone . Thanksgiving definitely took on a whole new meaning this year and the gathering of family gave each other the flu ! Sucks ! One by one we are falling down ... I hope the worst of it is over . 
I am actually so excited for Xmas this year ! Thanks to some amazing people helping out it's gonna be great ! I think there will be some good suprises ! Let the countdown begin ... I hate waiting to give gifts lol . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Mouse Clubhouse again ! Kyler is obsessed lol ! It's only like the 15th time today ! 
Is disgusted by this game . I love my CAVS but really wanted to win this one . Shit we didn't even bother to show up ! 
I don't need an angel on my Christmas tree , I already have a few in heaven looking down on me . Post this as your status if there is someone in heaven you wish could be with you this Christmas .. love and miss you all ! 
Been a long boring day . Anxious for Xmas ! Who says you have to be little to be excited for < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Got cookie dough in the fridge to make some cut outs but its pinch by pinch disappearing lol . I better get them made soon or there won't be any left for baking ! 
5 1/2 hrs later but the cut out cookies are finally done ! Yum yum ! 
My back hurts so bad , I'm tired and I miss my husband . On a better note my Gabby is gonna be 5 tomorrow ! 
Priorities ....... that's all I got to say . Oh and I can't wait to see my kids on Christmas ! Been working on a special suprise and I think they are gonna love it ! 
Christmas finally over and the kids seemed to have an awsome one ! The girls room looks great ! Now to get New Years out of the way and then back to the norm . Ready to eat some pork and sauerkraut ! 
Getting ready to watch the bachelor , eat some pork and kraut , and get my kiddos for bed so I can relax and wait up for my hubby . 
OH-IO ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s selling girl scout cookies if anyone wants some hit me up ! 
Can't wait to go to the MGK concert this weekend ! It is gonna be a blast ! 
Got my baby his Valentines gift a litttle early thanks to the help of my girl < PROPFIRST > who said she'd watch my kiddos ... Twista we'll be seeing you soon ! 
Missing my Ninja , he decided to make an expensive point to the family to keep stuff out of his reach or he'll eat it whole ! He had to have emergency surgery today to have underwear removed from his intestines ! This < PROPMALE > should be a pretty < PROPFEMALE > , but at least he should be ok now . Puppies !!! 
Missing my husband and our long nights of simple precious snuggling and playful arguing over who loves who more ... 
Well got everyone settled down for the evening but it's not the same without my hubby here to hold me while I fall asleep . Missing him like crazy tonight . I hate 12 hr shifts but thankful he has a dope job . Guess a little facebook and < PROPFIRST > Mouse Clubhouse will have to do till he gets home . 
Looks like Valentines day is gonna be just another holiday ruined . When will I wake up ...? 
