is a licensed driver again ! woo hoo 

dear baseball ... please give me someone to root for ! 
JM3 Tonight !!! woo hoo 
you would think after two boxes of tissues there would be nothing left ... anyone have the magic cure for the common cold ? 
testing < PROPFEMALE > Flint 
this vegan muffin is freakin delicious 
All I want for my birthday is a padre win !!! See you at the game ! 
Go Bolts !!! 
violins really need to be incorrporated into more music . thank you Pandora and DVM 
Boy meets world is being played on abc family next week !! If only I had television ! 
by studying for ANT154 I have probably delayed Alzheimer's by at least 10 years 
sunshine daydream ... walkin in the tall trees ... 
No < PROPFIRST > Gates ... That's not good ... 
Does writing genetic equations larger make them seem less complicated ? 
15 pages is a lot of pages when you have to write them . 
to the elderly couple sitting next to me at starbucks : your congratulatory pecks to each other every time one of you gets a crossword clue right is very endearing ... usually this type of stuff makes me grimace -- could it be the holiday spirit is already upon me ? 
Just got a thorough < PROPFIRST > down/ junk check at the Sacramento Airport ! yay thanksgiving !!! 
older gentlemen at starbucks : \isn't that some bullshit ?!? \ " \ 
only three more hours until it is truly the most wonderful time of the year !!! 
Intervention marathons are not a good idea ... 
cross your fingers -- that this is the last MRI needed to officially clear me of anything scary !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > , Kahlua , coffee , and whipped cream ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
Never make one of your favorite songs your ring tone ... 
Pub Quiz winners !!!!! Only took two years and two older and wiser teammates to get us there !!! But hey , < PROPFEMALE > Silverstein , Georgi Petrov , and I will happily schlep/shlep our 50 bucks around until next time ! 
Phone malfunction : My phone appears to think I am in Kusini ( my best google search came up with that being in Africa ) and it is apparently 78 degrees with a high of 91 , partly cloudy with showers . WTH ? \ 
\ 
I hope I am not getting charged with roaming ... 
This is a test 
6 hours of lab this morning , 2 hour midterm tonight , only to come home and study for a midterm tomorrow , plus I am missing out on being in sf for a concert i bought tickets to 4 months ago .... not the best day .. \ 
then again ... not the worst either ... 
If you ever need a friend ... go to Nuggets . :-) 
This is the mystery of the qotient- upon us all a little rain must fall ... its just a little rain . 
just turned a < PROPFEMALE > bottle into an exploding weapon of fire ... think i can get a doctors note for charring half of my hand and skip this midterm ? \ 
seriously though .... ouchieee !!!!!! 
ran out of kleenex .... :-( 
well that was a great 15 hour nap ... oops ... 
Excel ... sometimes I love you ... tonight -- I ABSOLUTELY HATE YOU ! WHY NO UNDO .... WHY ?!?!?!?!? 
very strange ... 10 minutes ago my phone thought I was in Vilnius , Lithuania where it is 18 degrees and planning on snowing ... now we have traveled to Nassau , Bahamas where it is 72 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > ... technology seems to be failing all around me tonight . 
