happy new year ... 

watching < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > hakusho season 1 xD 
had 65 notifications lolz 
needs to get a job * sadface * 
why fight a battle if u already know its outcome , in the end even though u know ull lose do the victories along the way make it worthwhile ? 
if anyone says any spoilers about transformers 2 im gonna rip their heads off 
is sad , now i havta wait like a month for the next full metal alchemist , and like a week for the next kongou banchou 
why did < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > mays die within a week of each other thats < PROPFEMALE > sadd , and confusing , now who will advertise amazing things , and who can people point to for the boys pants half off joke 
is a failure by design =] 
the champion stood , the rest saw their better : Mr. Rogers in a bloodstained sweater 
is sad , it really sucks , i wana walk somewhere , but everyone is either out of town , or busy , gosh ! 
me french buddies me manque COME OUT I KNOW UR THERE ! 
And I will crawl , on my own I'm taken by your smile As I'm lying beside you dying Inside I don't know Why ............ 
* sighhhhh 
ive been extra clutsy lately : banged head on cabinet corner , cut handf on same corner , scratched leg on bottom of computer table 2x , tripped over wire , retripped over wire before i got up , tripped getting into bed , all in today and yesterday 
cant believe i passed all my ap exams yay ! 
It’s Friday No phone call Nobody asked us out We are the dateless losers Lonely until we die So unappreciated Why why why why 
erg i dun know why i even wake up anymore it seems like i could get so much more done if i stayed asleep 
loves country chicken with mashed potatoes and biscuits 
all I ever wanted was to see you smilin all I ever wanted was to make you mine 
all i have to say is that the trip to < PROPMALE > was .... interesting .... 
gets sadd when someone says there gonna do something and leaves him hangin .... so to speak ... 
feels guilty 
loves the mariners revenge song 
im pretty sure that this chocolate milk is only making my stomach churn more .... but i dont care its so damn good =] 
which is better to have smarts or wisdom ? i like to think being wise 
wishes he could be somebodys first choice to talk to 
is lonely 
random quandary yet to be solved 
why does every day havta suck 
Dreams of earthquakes Dreams of hurricanes Dreams of pouring rain Dreams of tidal waves ... to wash us all away Dreams of guns blazed Dreams of fire rage Dreams of swollen graves Dreams of hollow pain All gone 
Per 01 - FRENCH 3-PRE IB Per 02 - IB CALCULUS/DESC STA Per 03 - ENG 3-IB Per 04 - AMER HIST-IB Per 07 - BIO 2-IB 
well i guess since nobody else is online ima go < PROPFEMALE > bed gnite all people im telling this too =] 
is done trynig to crop the picture to get two ppl into the < PROPFEMALE > icon thing 
I need some sleep . I can’t go on like this . I try counting sheep , But there’s one I always miss . Everyone says I’m getting down too low Everyone says : \You just gotta let it go\ " \ " You just gotta let it go\ " I just gotta let it go " 
so whats everyones plan for tomz 
good night amigos , see u tommorrow =] 
They were crying when their sons left God is wearing black He's gone so far to find no hope He's never coming back They were crying when their sons left All young men must go He's come so far to find the truth He's never going home 
who else has newcomer 2nd hour for IB calc ? 
Then it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel Was just a freight train coming your way 
shall now read chapter 1 in the bio book 
is it just me or is it that whenever i start to talk to anyone they become offline 
I say goodbye to romance , yeah Goodbye to friends , I tell you Goodbye to all the past I guess that we'll meet We'll meet in the end I've been the < PROPMALE > , I've been the clown Now broken wings can't hold me down I'm free again The jester with the broken crown It won't be me this time around To love in vain 
JUST LEARNED THAT SKINDRED , DETHFLOK , AND FIVE FINGER DEATH PUNCH ARE ALL COMING OUT WITH NEW ALBUMS IN LIKE THE SAME WEEK 
hates when brbs turn into goodnights 
As wicked as you are , you're beautiful to me You're the darkest burning < PROPFEMALE > , you're my perfect disease 
is angry that the thing causing his computer to be a lagtastic p.o.s. isnt spyware that can easily be removed with norton 
im taking a shower just thought u should all know 
' Cause your voice always helps me to not feel so alone , 
id give my soul for you , whether you care or not doesnt matter to me , just know that im here for you and that i love you 
about to stat waltons 30 < PROPFEMALE > packet thing 
homework and homework are not a very good combo 
scratch that , homework and headache , are not a very good combo > < 
my gmail aint workin :( 
is sooooo tired 
Oh , sweet sorrow , the time you borrow , will you be here when I wake up tomorrow ? < PROPFEMALE > Wolf 
0 friends online lmao 
ok , so im the loser of the house xD , i talked less than 6 hours last month , as compared to my mom who talked for 26 , my aunt who talked for 33 , and my older brother who talked for 80 , ( yea those are the ppl on the phone plan ) 
is happily content B ) 
One day you will ask me which is more important ? my life or yours ? I will say mine and you will walk away not knowing that you are my life . Khalil Gibran 
lmao If love is blind , why is lingerie so popular ? 
bad day 
“Sorrow is a fruit . God does not make it grow on limbs too weak to bear it . ”- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
i wonder if i wasnt around how many people would be like i miss < PROPFIRST > , after a few days 
if you want me to leave just say so , ur just making me feel bad 
Yes cavalier of the abyss updated 
The life I think about Is so much better than this I never thought I'd be stuck in this mess I'm sick of wondering Is it life or death ? 
may see cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of meatballs , just because the commercials keep making me hungry 
is going to bed , goodnight to all my fangirls ( yes that includes you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > xD ) , sweet dreams everybody :) 
is doing commentary thing for pitton 
hates when the side explaination of shakespeae books , makes less sence than what he says himself 
Are you gonna take me home tonight Ah down beside that red firelight Are you gonna let it all < PROPFEMALE > out Fat bottomed girls You make the rockin world go round 
Up from the sands of the mighty Sahara comes , our hero bold , who so its told , is a lot like you and me . His passion burns , the world it turns , he fills his had to fill the void , and fuels the constant feeling , of nothingness insided his soul . 
Well I guess you left me with some feathers in my hand Did it make it any easier to leave me where I stand ? I guess there might not be too many who would stand beside you now Whered you come from ? where am I going ? Whyd you leave me till Im only good for ... Waiting for you All my sins ... I said that I would pay for them if I could come back to you All my innocence is wasted on the dead and dreaming 
goodnight mes amis sweet dreams 
in your house i long to be room by room patiently i'll wait for you there like a stone i'll wait for you there alone 
Young men standing on the top of their own graves Wondering when Jesus comes Are they gonna be saved 
And I hear this calling Still you don't seem so far at all And I hear this calling ou 
And I hear this calling Still you don't seem so far at all And I hear this calling out 
2003 feels like yesterday 
Thinks that life would be so much grander without errors such as \iTunes cannot run because it detects a problem with QuickTime . \"" 
WHY DID IT TAKE DOLL HOUSE SO LOnG TO COME BACK , nOW I CAnT REMEMBER HOW LAST SEASOn EnDED @.@ 
JUST GOT EXCITEDER , MY MOM SAID THAT In JULY WERE FLYInG TO AnCHORAGE FOR HER 20 YEAR HIGH REUnIOn :DDDDDDDDDDDDD 
My fear is fading I can't speak it Or else you will dig my grave We fear them finding Always whining Take my hand now Be alive You see I cannot be forsaken Because I'm not the only one We walk amongst you Feeding , raping Must we hide from everyone 
wishes he had more homework where he could focus on listening to music and still do a good job rather than having to think > < 
Pressed against her face I could feel her insecurity Her mother'd been a drunk And her father was obscurity But nothin ' ever came From a life that was a simple one So pull yourself together girl And have a little fun 
Is having chicken cordon bleu for dinner , which is like the best food ever made :D 
missed the first 30 minz of house FUDGEEEEEE 
why does being alone make me feel so lonely ? 
We had time on our side In the beginning we We had nothing to hide In the beginning you You blame me but It's not fair when you say that I didn't try I just don't wanna hear it anymore 
loves when peoples statuses are \ =/\ " or \ " :/\ " etc cuz those tell so much xD " 
calc hw , then macro hw , then im doneif only i could focus long enough for that 
Hell is still overburdened , I must stand and wait in line I may never know for certain when will be my time How was I considered evil ? Pleasures taken in this life ? Someone granted me reprieval , decades spent in strife Led to nothing , repeated in my mind Led to nothing , if only I was born another time 
And weve waited for so long For this moment to come Was so anxious to be together Together in death Wont you die tonight for love 
why do we all want to live underground ? 
When you think that n o-o ne needs you Sees you or believes you No ones there to understand I Am I'll be there to be that someone When you think that no one , is there to hold your hand I Am 
tomz = wednesday = ib calc , ap macro , ib hist , ib psych , and makeup test after scholl with wiebe , what am i missing ? 
Somtimes it's hard to know whats real when you're not ' Cause you know I change myself to impress whoever happens to be next to me But I'm sick of trying so hard . Waste all your time with me I know I'm a mess right now Don't give up , believe ... I'd wait it out for you . 
Can you see My eyes are shining bright ' Cause I'm out here On the other side Of a jet black hotel mirror And I'm so weak Is it hard understanding I'm incomplete A love that's so demanding I get weak 
i feel heartbroken right now , but i dont exactly know why 
what are the materials for the bio report ? 
<3 , to all the people who are always in my corner , you make the world feel right : ' D 
that took waaaaaaaaaay to long 
and on i read until the day was gone and i sat in regret of all the things i've done for all that i've blessed and all that i've wronged in dreams until my death i will wander on 
good night everybody 
but how do you know that what you had was perfect until you've lost it 
Try Try to forget what's in the past Tomorrow is here Love , Orange sky above lighting your way There's nothing to fear Birds singing a song Old paint is peeling This is that fresh That fresh feeling 
The kind of girl , yeah she's never alone You leave a thousand messages on her phone But you know you never get through You could have it all if you want it yeah You could have it all if it matters to you 
lmao < PROPFIRST > took cas too a strip club !!!!!! 
WHY DOES SUPERnATURAL OnLY COME OUT OnCE A WEEK !?!?!?! 
finally some time to rest 
We had fire in our eyes In the beginning I Never felt so alive In the beginning you You blame me but It's not fair when you say that I didn't try I just don't wanna hear it anymore I swear I never meant to let it die I just don't care about you anymore It's not fair when you say that I didn't try I just don't care about you anymore 
Love is in the water Love is in the air Show me where to look Tell me will love be there Teach me how to speak Teach me how to share Teach me where to go Tell me will love be there Oh , heaven let your light shine down 
No one will ever see this side reflected And if there's something wrong who would have guessed it ? And I have left alone everything that I own To make you feel like it's not too late , it's never too late 
according to gameinformer october edition 2009 top 10 skrew-overs ( parts of games that are impossible to beat ) are 1 . Turbo Tunnel(Battletoads ) 2 . Warmech(Final Fantacy ) 3 . The \end\ " ( Ghosts n ' Goblins ) 4 . Zodiac Spear ( Final Fantacy XII ) 5 . Katze(bushido blade ) 6 . < PROPFIRST > ( Guitar Hero III ) 7 . Catch-up < PROPFEMALE > ( madden 8 . Flash Kick ( Street Fighter II ) 9 . Single Save Slot ( Gears of war ) 10 . The Cat And The Rat(King's Quest V ) " 
g2g eat cake 
ok ima go now thanx for the happy bdays <3 
just got back from the beach lolz so funny when you find the best sea shell in your hair on the ride home 
jacobs is beast 
angt tell whats going on with the Giants game cuz cables being gay Dx 
i loves mint chocolate chip milkshake =P 
final 24-0go giants ! 
i absolutely cant stand when a computer gives me a not responding , or busy , or loading , or some crap like that before , i give it something to do 
And it feels And it feels like Heaven's so far away And it feels Yeah it feels like The world has grown cold Now that you've gone away 
My Beloved Monster and Me We go everywhere together . We're in a raincoat that has four sleeves Gets us through all kinds of weather . 
You're such a beautiful freak I wish there were more just like you You're not like all of the others And that is why i love you Beautiful freak , beautiful freak That is why i love you Beautiful freak , beautiful freak 
ok , so i need to do the french poem thingy , the english 2 minute oral thingy , and bio .... stuff 
could somebody please type up a stanza or 2 of elle est elle i forgot mine at school 
ok i give up on frenchoff to english ....... so far = fail 
best part about the three day weekend , not only is the weekend longer but the school week is shorter , meaning this week will fly by :D ( hopefully ) 
I don't wanna be angry no more You know I could never stand for this So when you tell me that you love me know for sure I don't want to be lonely anymore 
so should i do a bio outline , rehearse the merchant of < PROPFEMALE > , finish french stuff , or just call it all quits now and enjoy the rest of my weekend ? 
that was my favorite open to house everrrrrr xD 
song , or band suggestions ( < PROPFIRST > you are has j-pop ? ) 
this computer is about to die forever 
song suggestions please 
So what do you do When it all comes down on you ? Do you run and hide Or face the truth ? If you were to tell me that I'd die today This is what I'd have to say I never really had the time to live 
hates getting into arguments where the other people are so much smarter than him that he has noooo idea what theyre talking about > < xD 
finds it odd that he got bit by a bunch of ants and some of the bites like fused together @.@ 
going to replace my calculator that was stolen in february :D 
wow forman is such a dbag 
HOUSE IS SO FREAKING AMAZING 
why is it that everytime i dont drink for like an hour or more doing homewrok , then i take one sip and stuff drips alll over whatever im doing :( 
Dark devotion in a beacon paradise Shows no emotion to a willing sacrifice You can put a man on trial , but you can't make the guilty pay And you can cage an animal , but you can't take away the rage 
is taco < PROPFEMALE > , mmmmmmmm tacooooo XP 
for bio we just havta draw/explain replication , transcription , and translation , right ? 
If I stay it won't be long Till I'm burning on the inside If I go I can only hope That I make it to the other side If you want to get out alive Hold on for your life 
I'm walking down a lonely road Clear to me now but i was never told Trouble with dreams is you never know When to hold on and when to let go 
is going to get stuffs at the places =]] 
i hava feeling that today is going to be a good day =] 
Så håll om mig Släpp inte taget om mig Är som förhäxad av dig Och jag vill ha dig Kom och håll om mig < PROPFEMALE > 
:( , stupid homework makes < PROPFIRST > saddddddd 
loves when other people can say they had a good day because of him , or that at least part of their day was good 
And all of your weight All you dream Falls on me it falls on me And your beautiful sky The light you bring Falls on me it falls on me 
thanks to supernatural i got to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > beheaded xD 
And when I'm gone Who will break your fall ? Who will you blame ? I can't go on And let you lose it all It's more than I can take Who'll ease your pain ? Ease your pain 
so who else is a dateless loser , or knows what im referring to ? xD 
how do you search for something that that cant be found ? 
ROFL i told cleverbot something is v ery mean and it says \Your face is very rude . It's offending me . \"" 
according to cleverbot \Love is the feeling that you get when you eat a good burrito . \ " xD " 
im either sad because ive been playing myself in monopoly and talking to cleverbot for hours , or im really tired , either way im going to bed 
whats the calc hw for newcomer pd 2 ? 
am i weird because when my mom sees a giant been on me shes freaking out and trying to swat it while im like nono , im watching it , its pretty interesting , and i dont want it dead 
well i feel like death again so goodnight i hope to talk to you all later <3 
i shall start homework at 12 , somebody please remind me xD 
if i ever become a < PROPMALE > person in the education sysyem im going to make ap napping a class 
( take my quiz i dont care if you have homework ) 
madoff haloween masks ..... lmao ..... 
ask me something random i want people to know me better :P 
Your skin Oh yeah your skin and bones Turn into something beautiful D'you know you know I love you so You know I love you so 
And she says oooh I can't take no more Her tears like diamonds on the floor And her diamonds bring me down Cuz I can't help her now She’s down in it She tried her best and now she can't win it's Hard to see them on the ground Her diamonds falling down 
would like to thank all the people taking the psat because i get to sit in the media center and do nothing :) ... i mean i shall listen and take good notes ..... and such 
i have officially finished all the hw i was planning on doing and shall not move on to the other stuff simply because i dont want to 
Another nightmare about to come true Will manifest tomorrow Another love that I've taken from you Lost in time , on the edge of suffering Another taste of the evil I breed Will level you completely Bring to life everything that you fear Live in the dark , and the world is threatening 
you two i am very upset that you went ahead and killed your brother with a nail gun when we specifically told you to be careful 
trying to see the back of your head is so hard 
I love you , not only for what you are , but for what I am when I am with you . 
has currently decided that his existence is to cease for the night(because when im asleep im not thinking i exist , and im sure nobody else is thinking that i exist , therefore , i dont exist whilst i am asleep :\\ ) , farewell 
my ability to articulate my ideas or thought is off today sooooo , erijbterwinbgturnbowsbrignjbkjhbg , you can probably find some combo of how i feel in there so there ya go 
I'm never gonna dance again Cause guilty feet have got no rhythm Though it's easy to pretend I know you're not a fool I should have known better than to cheat a friend And waste the < PROPMALE > that I'd been given So I'm never gonna dance again The way I danced with you 
hehe a bear broke into a store for beer 
Sometimes I remember the darkness of my past Bringing back these memories I wish I didn't have Sometimes I think of letting go and never looking back And never moving forward so there'd never be a past 
no facebook , i would not like to use you in Nederlands , stop asking 
only A's i got were in ap macro , and ib history , everything else is a B 
finished waiting for godot , kinda sadd but a really good play 
house :) ( finally ) 
tho my headache has faded , my heartache remains , i shall now take my leave , goodnight 
o magic eaight ball what is there to watch on a tuesday night ? 
you know i love yhou right xD , goodnight , and sweet dreams 
michael = failure at life 
my loves to all you people , sweet dreams 
im going to bed , ill be asleep within a few hours 
The greatness comes not when things go always good for you . But the greatness comes when you're really tested , when you take some knocks , some disappointments , when sadness comes . Because only if you've been in the deepest valley can you ever know how magnificent it is to be on the highest mountain . ~ Richard Milhouse Nixon 
Nothing begins , and nothing ends , That is not paid with moan ; For we are born in others pain And perish in our own . ~ Francis Thompson 
A friend is one to whom one can pour out all the contents of one's heart , chaff and grain together , knowing that the gentlest of hands will take and sift it , keeping what is worth keeping , and , with the breath of kindness , blow the rest away . Arabian Proverb 
Friendship is unnecessary , like philosophy , like < PROPMALE > ... It has no survival value ; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival . C . S . < PROPFIRST > 
my little brothers went to my dads house for the weekend , which means no babaysitting :) 
The worst solitude is to be destitute of sincere friendship . Sir < PROPFIRST > Bacon 
home alone at last :) 
wants to have fun at some point this weekend 
< PROPFIRST > Bravo : Dog ... donkey ... Well , they both start with the letter \N \"..." 
ele guys 
i should leave before i say something else stupid 
so , do to my working all yesterday , all i havta do now is godot journal #4 , and some stuff for bio :) , and if i feel like it read equus 
* hugs 
good game gaiz 
' Cause I'd get a thousand hugs From ten thousand lightning bugs As they tried to teach me how to dance A foxtrot above my head A sock hop beneath my bed A disco ball is just hanging by a thread 
grrrrr i tripped over my ankle like 3 times today and now it really hurts :( 
i wanted 
Come on , Come on Move a little closer Come on , Come on I want to hear you whisper Come on , Come on Settle down inside my love 
so who else has no plans for saturday ? 
I've got friends in all the right places I know what they want And I know they don't want me to stay I said that I've got friends in all the right places I know what they want And I know they don't want me to stay 
is sadface , but will be happyface when tomorrow comes because thats mi mummys pay day , which means food are comming 
taking a supernatural break xD 
@ teddys house love you all :D 
hanging with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > today :) 
Everybody's got a hold on hope It's the last thing that's holding me 
We were given : Two hands to hold . To legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else . For us to find . 
Everyone says love hurts , but that isn't true . Loneliness hurts . Rejection hurts . Losing someone hurts . Envy hurts . Everyone gets these things confused with love , but in reality love is the only thing in this world that covers up all pain and makes someone feel wonderful again . Love is the only thing in this world that does not hurt . 
Tragedy , sadness , loneliness and despair taught me that life is really a beautiful thing ; if it wasn't I wouldn't be able to recognize that anything was wrong < PROPMALE > Evans 
mom : well we might be hungry for the next ten days but at least we have nice hats xD 
im way to distractable 
sweet dreams mes amours :) 
stupid eyes wont stay open 
must go off to fini9sh this commentary , darn facebook , why are you so distracting ? 
And I hear this calling Still you don't seem so far at all And I hear this calling out ! 
i miss my old middle school teachers xD 
ap macro why must you be so boring 
supernatural today was ROFFFFFFFLLLLLL 
When my time comes Forget the wrong that I've done Help me leave behind some Reasons to be missed And don't resent me And when you're feeling empty Keep me in your memory Leave out all the rest Leave out all the rest 
truth or square ? 
“Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not ; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad . ” 
Hatred paralyzes life ; love releases it . Hatred confuses life ; love harmonizes it . Hatred darkens life ; love illumines it . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. 
well , ive decided to just take the whole day off and do all homework tommorrow , well , in the long run i will be more productive because the quality of my brain will have improved thus making me more productive xD 
Because I'm broken when I'm lonesome And I don't feel right when you're gone away , You've gone away You don't feel me here , anymore 
nothin like studying for bio while watching the fins vs the pats 
i still dont get the godaddy commercials wtf are they selling .... or wtf are they ? 
im depressed , so im gonna walk to publix if you need any help with anything gimme a ring ...... not that anybody will .... just saying 
i like how mr. smith implied that he wants < PROPMALE > barker dead xD 
Hey < PROPFIRST > don't let me down You have found her now go and get her Remember to let her into your heart Then you can start to make it better 
<3 sweet dreams all 
i shall start homework at noon please remind me 
i have no idea what whitman is talking about :'( 
i hate being alive , its such a pain 
i just realized that now would be a good time for math portfolio since i accidentally fell asleep reading the last poem ( only for a few minutes but still ) 
when should i give up on the math to start working on psych ?? 
ok so im guessing the model is not cubic or i skrewed up big time , because i got y = 1.915 x^3- 24.745 x^2+ 105.79 x+ 288.66 there goes an uber large amount of my life :'( 
ok , having not really gotten out of my room today im becoming a little paranoid , i just thought the charger was a cockroach @.@ 
im so bummed about homework that ive decided to go shave 
cD = smiley of the future 
so i didnt study for the bio test , i didnt get anywhere with english , or my math portfolio , and didnt get any of the psych or french done either ..... 
i dont know how they do it but supernatural always manages to integrate hilariousness and awesomness together xD 
well im done with the portfolio for today , its only 6 pages but i can still make any necessary changes to it tomorrow , now OF TO IOP ... stuff 
somehow the minty flavor of toothpaste has combines with my tea to make it taste awesome(r ) xD 
i hate english , soooooo much 
I CHALLENGE YOU TO A XIAOLIN SHOWDOWN ! 
just realized that he has been rotating around the room all day cuz on my bed is all my english stuff , over there is my math stuff , and in the closet is my history stuff 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works 
can i have that peanut in your toaster ? :) 
Brother , my brother Tell me , what are we fighting for ? We've got to end this war We should love one another Oh , can't we just pretend this war never began ? We can try , brother , my brother . 
It becomes a sad time when a man realizes that he has become seperated from the only thing in his life that has stayed by him through thick and thin , where are you ipod , my dearest of friends :'( 
iop tommorrow ... 
ok , im working on my iop , if you need me call or text 
* note to self , today i tried putting italian dressing in my tuna , and it was actually pretty good :) 
is walking to the store with 57 dimes , 1 nickle , and 1 quarter , and shall return with sugar to make cookies :) 
BAD FACEBOOK * smacks facebook * stop distracting me 
plans for the day ... finish psych outlines ..... eventually ...... make cookies ..... relax and die until tuesday is over 
i wish i could tell when i would be having those unproductive moments or periods of time so i could just go to sleep instead of wasting time 
HAHAHAHAHAHAAAHHA SUCCESS ! FINISHED THE PSYCH OUTLINES after only 13 hours a tall glass of root beer , a tall glass of < PROPFEMALE > ale , 4 dr thunders , a cheese and ham bagel , some chips , some tuna , a call from my grandma , the sun rising and setting , and much more 
just discovered that it is impossible to make cookies tonight , for there are no chocolate chips , the one thing ive been looking forward to doing since friday gone .... my heart .... it is broken ..... :'( 
my plans for tonight , im going to read some poetry on a person that i dont even need for myself , im doing it so i can help somebody with their iop , dont ask why , i dont really have an answer , maybe i just like feeling needed , maybe 
I love you , just felt like saying it , even if it is or isn't directed at anybody xD <3 
o , my family , haha , the fighting is hilarious , and my older brother , dad , grandparents , aunts , and cousin , arent even here like they will be tommorrow 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING ( my happy thanksgiving is louder than your happy thanksgiving xD ) 
i get pissed off when i look up a good song on limewire and all i get in the results is porn 
i have homework and studyin g to do , but i dont feel too great , so im going to take a nap , call me if ya need me xD 
just went to get < PROPFEMALE > brown sugar oatmeal , to find that all the packs in the box were replaced with original flavor , that was a dirty trick 
that new guy on scrubs kinda pisses me off , gah , cant believe theres no < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPMALE > or janitor , i laughed at random times sure , but it just wont be the same 
going to see my great aunt .... great great aunt ... idk , shes great to some degree , anyways , be back later 
im tired of clicking like to every mention of the LTM tomorrow , so from now on , let it be known that i like LTMs 
well ive gotten 11 pages into bean trees , * sigh * , Pitton will not be happy * shudders * 
Tell me what good is winning , When you lose your heart 
i decided to skrew studying and listen to classical music instead its been going very well xD 
monk series finale :) :'( 
yea , i cried at the end of monk , and several times in between , monk = best show ever :') 
i wish i had a laser pen , not a pointer , but something that actually saws stuff with heat , cuz that would be very fun and practical xD 
thinks my mom looks ridiculous walking around the house with a jacket on because its cold outside 
i have lady in red stuck in my head xD 
Tomorrow , my mom , and my dad , will be , officially , divorced , only took like 3 years to go through 
im really tired , anyone wana explain how this week is gonna go ? 
some people think you have a problem , but that problem lies only with them , just ' cause you are not like the others , but that is why i love you , beautiful freak , beautiful freak , yeah that is why i love you , beautiful freak , beautiful freak 
There are no unlockable doors , There are no unwinnable wars , There are no unrightable wrongs , Or unsingable songs , There are no unbeatable odds , There are no believable gods , There are no unnameable names , Shall I say it again , yeah 
ltm <3 
anyone taken smiths ib bio test yet ? 
im getting a headache , no more thinking , errrrrrrrrrrg 
i cant even begin to fathom what you are talking about , but that doesnt mean i want you to stop talking xD 
arg lit and bio exams today ....... 
HISTORY AND PSYCH LEFT THEN BREAK :D 
i went looking for taape , and came back with chocolate covered raisins xD 
i hate you guys , because i love you , and you make my life so much better that when i even think about you i smile and laugh , and when you arent around i nev er have as much fun as when you are around , that is why i hate you :) 
i am so tired , im going to bed xD good night love :) 
break has already been going for over 22 hours and i still have no plans to do anything .... arg .... 
going through my music deleting doubles and songs i dont really listen to 
PEPPER SPRAY THAT SOUNDS DELICIOUS ....... OWWWWWWW I WAS WRONG I WAS HORRIBLY WRONG !!!!! 
question , if a product doesnt sell well does that mean you havta try to sell it to kids ..... cuz thats just wrong ( kids bop , and snuggie for kids ) 
is tired of being home * sigh * 
Joyeux Noël !!!!!!!!! <3 
gotz a watch and a necklace ( from zen gardens , just saying to help you picture what kind of things these may be xD ) , and a camera from my family , hooray 
so my past week in a bundle , i went to teddies , saw avatar , sherlock holmes , took a million useless pictures , most not even that great :P , and teddys dog grace is now my dog grace cuz shes too big for his other dogs , but the important thing is shes here now :D 
playing chess again st a computer makes me feel dumb 
g'night world 
When you stub your toe and it hurts you know , Friends are there to help you . When you trip on your face and your teeth are misplaced , Friends are there to help you 
finished watching < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > hakusho season 1 and am now getting season 2 :D 
happy valentines day , love you <3 
isn't the point of your parents getting divorced so you can choose to live with one and only have to see the other like one a month or something , cuz if the other parent is just going to < PROPFEMALE > around whenever he wants and be an a-hole what the hell is the point of the divorce ........ 
must find snaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaackkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
your smile makes my heart explode 
for the psych presentations on the handout it says \just cut and past the abstract of your study for the first part\ " what does that mean ..... " 
weirdest thing , all ive eaten today is some chips , and i made some food , but have no will to eat it ..... 
im not ignoring anyone , but i really must finish creative project , please take no offence , i still love you 
sweet dreams world <3 
our lives are made in these small hours these little wonders , these twists & turns of fate time falls away , but these small hours , these small hours still remain 
i wish i could disappear 
Try Try to forget what's in the past Tomorrow is here Love , Orange sky above lighting your way There's nothing to fear 
green mile is on channel 54 right now , amazing movie :) 
Seize the day or die regretting the time you lost It's empty and cold without you here , too many people to ache over 
i just came on to tell everyone that i most likely won't be at school tomorrow , i really don't feel well so im going to sleep now , sorry 
stress of presenting group 4 and creative project took allot out of me , im going to sleep , goodnight world <3 
why do some things not even float through your mind , and then you see it , or think about it , and then its the most important thing in the world to you 
i love you simpsons , i beenz unhappy the whole night , and watching you for 2 seconds made me happier than a tornado in a trailer park ;) 
had an amazing time with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > at city place last night , but now off to doing work , sigh , the life of a normal teen seems so much funner 
going to sleep now so i can wake up at 1 to do hw stuffs goodnight world <3 
haha , so topis 6 test in bio , i missed the history test and the tok test today , o yea , crime and punishment tomorrow , psych test thursday , math test thursday , i think my teachers are trying to kill me 
Cause it's almost like Your heaven's trying everything To break me down Cause it's almost like Your heaven's trying everything To keep me out 
you know what sucks , being tired , and deciding to lay down , and realizing that by laying down on the floor your becoming less tired and more in pain , but not awake enough to do anything about it 
haha im such a loser , i couldnt figure out how to start the bio , so i decided to start the math 
Bon soir , mes meilleurs amis , J'adore vous <3 
Click \like\ " if i have ever made you smile in your life then set this as your status and see how many people you made smile :D " 
leaving to finish hw , goodnight world , hopefully i will get at least 2 hours of sleep tonight 
haha , ugly < PROPFEMALE > xD 
emmmmmm :( 
DAMNIT i missed house because daylights savings time 
Some day somebody's gonna ask you A question that you should say yes to Once in your life Maybe tonight I've got a question for you 
I think the money gods like to throw metaphorical shit at my families metaphorical fan 
note to self , dont eat pancakes too fast , if your airway is blocked by the pancakes and you choke the pancakes will come out your nose 
got glasses hahahaha things are so real now !!!! 
\You know he couldn't see That she could be his everything Bringing light to everything now Oh She just wants to Fall in love again She's broken like an angel \"" 
plans on watching modern times before i go to bed tonight 
Modern times was just as good as i remembered it , anyone know any other films by chaplin ? 
is it weird to start singing a song without realizing it ? or even thinking about the song like i have no idea where it came from 
ok your guys math portfolio is starting to hurt me as muich as its hurting you GAH 
1 hour of sleep ........ 
taking a nap , my mind is fried ....... 
ok im so tired i walked halfway up the stairs , and layed down for a minute , but i must stay awake !!! 
F*) (*_) I DON'T CARE IF YOUR RUNNING FOR SGA , STOP SENDING INVITES , ITS GETTING REALLY ANNOYING 
Beautiful is not beautiful without you 
Sometimes you want to go Where everybody knows your name , And they're always glad you came ; You want to be where you can see , Our troubles are all the same ; You want to be where everybody knows your name . 
Love you world , sweet dreams <3 ( going to bed on time tonight :) ) 
i love you all , happy spring break :) 
Reading :) 
Finished Sundays at < PROPFEMALE>'s , i think i'll start to read Along Came a Spider tomorrow :) 
starving me+no food+no close store to walk to = nap time 
SUPERNATURAL 
love you world , sweet dreams <3 
Hello world , it feels so good to sleep in untill 11 :D 
is in cleaning mode :) 
were gonna rock gonna rock around the clock tonight 
\boom boom boom boom . i wanna go boom boom . me and you together . together in my room . boom boom boom boom me and you forever . forever in my room . \"- freezepop :D " 
would like to find a better way to say sweet dreams it never reflects the way i tuely feel 
did i just see a dancing condom on adult swim ? 
god i hate when people come to look at the house while im here , i feel like their judging me , and they make me wana cry 
\I want a parrot on my head \"--- < PROPFEMALE > " 
\dont drink that stuff anymore * points to monster can * your eyeballs are huge \"--- mom " 
The last song was actually a really good movie 
Everytime i open the oven heat flys in my face and my glasses fog up and i say to myself , dont do that again next time , do i ever listen , pshh no 
is it weird that im watching bewitched ? 
i think the ability for my brain to put thoughts into a correct form , is not working 
lmao , im reading the world lit notes pitton gave us on the format issues and stuff and im reading it in her voice , so its hilarious xD 
haha , ok , im way too jacked up on monster , im shaking , but im not sure i can stop drinking it 
ok im so off production mode right now , im waking up at 4 to finish this , i love you world , sweet dreams 
Had a nice nap with gracy 
funny how 5 seconds into a song has made me feel so much better 
\Anywhere you go let me go too . . . Love me - that's all I ask of you . . \"" 
' It dosn't matter to me and im ok with it because i dont care ' < PROPFEMALE > 
\i couldnt be a marshmallo because then id hhave to be a canibal\ " cat " 
haha , my mom was yelling at me behind my closed door , after like 6 minutes she learned that i wasn't in my room , when i walked out of the bathroom xD 
South Park brought back cartmans < PROPFEMALE > lopez hand !!! 
Sweet dreams everybody , love you all <3 
love will hold us together , no matter what <3 
Release me from a world unkind A world where the blind is leading the blind It's so unfair that I can't feel free That I have to be what you want me to be Shadows of the past keep stabbing my back 
im going to sleep , maybe things will be better tommorrow 
veryone makes mistakes , ... remember disco\ xD " 
Sleepy time , goodnight , sweet dreams <3 
HOLY CRAP , I JUST SAW AN INFOMERCIAL FOR A PRODUCT CALLED BARKOFF , WHICH SENDS OUT SUPERSONIC WAVES TO PUNISH DOGS WHE THEY BARK , WTF 
Everybody hurts-rem 
just woke up from nap :D 
has been spinning in a cirle for 10 minutes and is now dizzy :D 
My mom has accounting month end so i wontbe home for awhile 
It may sound silly but , Mmm , I don't care I got the moonlight I got the sun I've got the stars above 
Searching for a song to speak my life 
I would not fear nor wish my fate , but boldly say each night , to-morrow let my sun his beams display , or in clouds hide them ; I have lived today . < PROPMALE > Crowley 
\My body is a cage that keeps me From dancing with the one I love But my mind holds the key \ " Arcade Fire " 
DAll because of you i believe in angels not the kind with wings no not the kind with halos the kind that bring you hope when hope becomes a strange place 
Dill follow all you have < PROPFEMALE > do is shout it out 
will be diligently working from 230-10 , til then talk to me 
ork time after i finish this sandwich xD 
so my mom told me a day ago \clean your room and i'll get you a bed because we have the money for it now\ " i cleaned me room and asked if we could get my bed and she says \ " i spent the money on bills and what not because i didn't think youd actually clean your room\ " :'( " 
J can do is wait 
JIm just gonna give up and say today was a bad day :( 1st i couldnt focus , 2nd im not getting a bed , 3rd when i started being able to focus my computer de 
Jcided to start spazzing so i cant access the internet as i have used too much ram , but if i close it so i can start again i lose like 10 sources so all i 
Hello Tootsie Rolls :) 
It makes me happy to think that today will pretty much be the last difficult day of the school year , once ee is done it will pretty much be studying for a few exams and no real difficult proijects , there simply isn't time for the teachers to assign them 
< PROPFEMALE > beat tucker 
Running with the devil ! 
to anyone taking the ib math toms , what are you gonna do the rest of the day ? 
math sl paper 1 was easy :) it makes me feel safer going into paper 2 tommorrow 
We are the ones\ 
We get knocked down\ 
We get back up and stand above\ 
the crowd\ 
We are one\ 
\ 
The life I think about\ 
Is so much \ 
better than this\ 
I never thought I'd be stuck in this mess\ 
I'm \ 
sick of wondering\ 
Is it life or death\ 
I need to figure out who's \ 
behind you 
home now as opposed to at 8 :D 
Sorry i didnt go to school i had a super headache :( 
Believe it or not im walkin on air i never thought i could feel so freee flyin away on a wing and a prayer who could it be , believe it or not its just me 
i made my mom cakes and she said they look like dr. suess cakes xD and i got her lotion and other stuffs , what did you do for your mommy ? 
Thats a great perception on popsicles and on life ~~~ juliana 
nap 
Guess who gets to sit an mcdonalds for hours because theres nowhere to stay at his moms office anymore ... 
My eyes have mega bags under and above them 
Me : why is this so fun ? Teddy : if you knew the answer it wouldnt be fun 
so my moms going to dinner with a guy whose name she doesnt know , who doesnt speak to great english , and she knows through a friend , wonderful 
headache killing me , nap time 
sweet dreams <3 
So i have to ait til my mom comes home to get my computer to do world lit , my grandpa dropped me off home and my computer is in her car .... fml 
Put bread in the pan and almost cracked an egg in the toaster ... hehe 
tired , have to wake up early tomz , not talking to anyone , tv sucks , i think i should go to sleep xD 
do kids in africa really need a laptop ? 
i wish i could get the period 1 exam over tommorrow instaed of friday so i can be done with french for the year 
going to sleep now , good night person reading this <3 
bye facebook , i cant be efficient looking at peoples pages xD 
ds a new charger for computer , til i get one , goodbye facebook , for the most part xD 
3 days left , only 3 days left till summer * sigh 
cleaned my bathroom , half cleaned my room , see what happens when i have nothing better to do 
is going to shave my face now , and not again until the end of summer , unless theres a very good reason , to see how awesome it can get in one summer time , who wants to join me xD 
I feel weird , like i have no purpose right now , no reason to go to sleep , no reason to wake up , i just kind of ..... exist ..... i hope someone makes plans soon 
\There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the light of \ 
walked home , big mistake , it was really hot 
today was amazing :D 
Loves <3 
Dear brain , I hate you , later on today when your tired as hell because you thought it would be funny to not let me sleep , im going to be laughing at you for being such a jerk 
I need a purpose in my life 
feel i owe facebook a status , so hello facebook people i love you 
I hate the word desks saying it pisses me off 
< PROPMALE > and I have decided that seeing the windows starting screen on a flat screen tv is super sexy 
So apparently it's a new trend for teenagers to bite each others neck for blood because it makes them closer .... If I ever bite you and break your skin ... Feel free to break my nose ... Nobody needs to be that close 
Note to self you play pool better without a shirt on 
ote to self , i need to stock some kind of food/drink upstairs so i can get something when everyone else is asleep >.< 
You got < PROPMALE > bed ! \ 
? / This is < PROPMALE > , copy & paste him on\ 
/ ? every \ 
comment you see so he can\ 
/ \\ take over Facebook .... \ 
__ ??????? \ 
?? l ??? ?? l ? * ?? ?????? ??? | ?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ? | ??? ? ?????? \ 
?? l ????. __ This is < PROPMALE>'s house ............ ... 
I GOTTA 4 IN AP MACRO :D 
okay mind your on , you wana be ajerk and not let me sleep when i want to lets see who can stay up longer 
gonna go stand outside to get wet :D 
haved my mustache but not my beard , now i can't look in the mirror without laughing 
the fridge is making me sad :/ 
Teddys mom : I'm the one that drinks the wine , and your excuse is what ? 
Teddy : the battery is dead and I got stung by a wasp and it hurts and , teddys mom : awww are you sure the battery is dead ? 
I just finished a 50 oz steak and I get my name on a plaque to stay on a wall forever , I feel so accomplished 
home less than an hour , and i burned the top of my hand getting food out of the oven , fail 
my moms not home yet , and the twins are sleeping at my dads , so im stealing my moms pillows ..... im not a bad person am i ? xD 
What is the singular form of rice ? 
got a hair cut , glasses adjusted , blue , black , green , red sharpies , and 3 kind of hand sanitizers , im ready for school xD 
mom : haha i have him in my phone as < PROPFIRST > stupidhead ; me : ummm okay ? ; mom : hahaha i have your dad in there as dumb ass ; me : ME TOO ; biggest bonding experience of the year xD 
i think my mom really wishes i was a girl , shes going out , and she needed me to decide between shoes and jewelry and stuff , and she hated like everything i chose , but wore it anyways xD , if she gets compliments on it then im a genius tho xD 
Concentrating awesome slang is the best way to get it's full effect 
had a great way to end the summer < PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs the world really was epic xD 
season premier of glee this september , someone remind me when that gets closer ^.^ 
\ Today was a good day for people-baking\ " < PROPFEMALE > Sabatello " 
what do you think facebook , get back on schoolwork , or leave it til tomorrow ? 
my mom just called chocolate chip cookies stupid xD 
i just explained ... in simplest terms .... the process of gel electrophoresis , i feel accomplished 
MY MOM GOT STRAWBERRY SYRUP FOR STRAWBERRY MILK N STUFF , AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH :D 
anyone have a product key for microsoft office 2007 
i think people that drink beer enough for the calories to matter have bigger things to worry about than the calories ... just saying 
Vestiphobia - Fear of clothing . 
\a neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink . the bartender replys . for you ? no charge . \ " < PROPMALE > Styron McLeod III " 
\I said that's life 
\hi I'm < PROPFEMALE > and I like desks for all the wrong reasons \"" 
hahahahaahahahahah \Part of a best friend's job should be to immediately clear your computer history if you die . \"" 
I'm happy , a woman asked me if it bothered me if she smoked before she lit up and then went to smoke elsewhere , perhaps there are some people in the world that aren't shmucks 
okay facebook , it's ee focus time , i need to stop looking at you every 30 seconds so im gonna be gone from you for a while 
while anyone might still be up , just saying , best birthday ever , thanks guys <3 
note to self , glee is on tomz , don't forget it 
\its a < PROPFEMALE > spears sex riot \"" 
i feel im committing a sin watching glee alone with the door closed and locked so nobody sees me 
HAHAHA DEAR GRILLED CHEEJUZ 
\I like it when 99% of my ass is in a chair\ " < PROPFEMALE > Sabatello " 
GLEE 
hinks the IB program should be deemed cruel and unusual punishment for being born the wrong person 
GLEE BREAK XD 
You take the breath right out of me . \ 
You left a hole where my heart should be . \ 
You got to fight just to make it through , \ 
' cause I will be the death of you . 
\just be you and the sexy will flow through \"" 
you hate dossier like this status ( just curious to see how many of you there are out there ) 
You’re outta sight keep me up at night you dress funny strapless and \ 
skin tight \ 
You’re outta sight you keep me up at night you make me crazy you wear it\ 
out of spite \ 
Ban the tube top tonight 
< PROPFEMALE > , so im sitting here doing history and i somehow got the phantom of the opera song stuck in my head , tell me how that works out 
Could you separate\ 
separate me from the sin\ 
Is it not too late\ 
To try and start again\ 
Can you separate\ 
All the darkness from my eyes\ 
( Try to cover me\ 
' Cause I'd rather be alone now ) 
am i the only person that can't say words that end in ' sks ' 
i can't believe i heard the term \hypertexters\ " in the news xD " 
dear people that have demarchi , all thats due tommorrow is the journal , and the dossier correct , i know what edline says but shes skrewed that up like alot so just making sure 
ioc = scaredomness 
anyone else ever notice that reading poetry and analyzing it is 10x easier when your on hot chocolate ? 
dear tok students , do we have to do the prescribed title that we gave to fresco , i mean he never actually got back to us on that 
urg 
I hate life 
:( 
Oh , sweet sorrow , the time you borrow , will you be here when i wake up tomorrow ? 
Ughh 
