Had a ball at \the downer\ " friday night .... but still pouting bout having to work saturday !!! " 

is trying to figure out what to do today ... off work and have the house to myself .... maybe i'll just watch soaps and be a BUM !!! 
is bout to go to bed ... gotta get up at 5:30 for another 24 hours at the RFD .... Lord please let me have a quiet shift ... and no CRAZY people pleeeaase !!! 
Wants to know who had the most pittiful car in high school ... I think I'm in the top 5 .. anyone remember my oxidized orange datsun ... with the AM radio .. it was so sad . I wrecked it where kentucky and chatauqua meet , behind Toma Lodge . Me , < PROPFEMALE > Mangum & M 
I just heard this on a movie a minute ago ... brought back some memories ... see if you can finish it ... for fun How funky is your chicken ........ 
is going to fry up some white perch . I know my Papaw would like to be here to eat them but he passed away in January @ 90 years old . He was one helluva fisherman ! Rest in peace < PROPMALE > White ... I'll eat an extra one for you !! 
is about to get in the bed , watch a little TV ( if I can find anything other than MJ ) and go to sleep early tonight ... got to get up at 5:30 to go to the firehouse . Have a good evening everyone !! 
home from work ..... the 48 hours off is the best part of my schedule !!! 
has got sweet < PROPMALE > to bed .... we'll see if it lasts !! I don't think there's anything as special as your grandchild falling asleep in your arms 
God Bless < PROPFEMALE > and all my friends !!!!! Happy Independence Day People !! 
is about to head to bed .... back to the firehouse tomorrow for 24 ... hopefully all of the celebrations will be done and I can have a boring shift ... good night peeps !! 
got off work at 0700 ... i'm watching < PROPMALE > for a couple of hours and then i'm outa here .... looking for something fun to do !! Anybody got any ideas ? 
finally got my internet and cable hooked up today ... now I'm back in this century !!! 
OMG ... my farm looks like crap .... I gotta get busy whipping it back into shape ... Moving and life has taken presidence for a couple of weeks !!! 
had a blast last night ... and that's all I can say about that !!! 
is about to go eat some pepperidge farm chessman cookies ... I love those things .... doesn't take much to make me happy !!!! 
good mornin people !!! I'm about to get me a cup of coffee ... sit out on the deck and think about what I'm gonna do today .... back to the firehouse tomorrow !!!! Everyone have a safe and great day !! 
holy crap ... I was just gonna lay out on the deck for an hour or so ... it was hotter than I thought .... think I'm stickin to sunbeds 
oh lord ..... what was i thinking ????? I'm so dad gum tired heading to work a 24 at #3 !!! 
I'm home finally !!! Off today and tomorrow and back to the firehouse sunday ... and life is so freakin good somebody needs to pinch me !!!! 
bout to head to target !! 
Yay !!! it's raining at my house 
it was good ... spent too much money .... but i've stil got crap to buy to get settled in my new place 
bout to go to bed ... gotta get up and do 24 at the RFD ..... maybe it'll b a good one !!! 
is heading to the RFD ..... waiting on a phone call this morning that always puts a smile on my face !!! 
Home from work this morning .... gonna go get my sweet < PROPFEMALE > 
just got back from welcoming and old friend home .... took her some flowers ... it's her first day at the NLMC ER ..... Love her to death !! 
is a happy happy girl ...... going to bed with a smile on my face !!!!! 
is happy and looking forward to wednesday !!! 
is home from < PROPMALE > and watching the grandchildren .. they leave tomorrow heading to the beach ... Emma is soooo excited ... I'm about to chill out at home ... eat some lunch and be a bum for the rest of the day(that was some good advice I got this morning ) . Head 
About all you can do in life is be who you are . Some people will love you for you . Most will love you for what you can do for them , and some won't like you at all . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Brown 
It is nice to be missed ... and nice to be told !!! 
just got back from Sonic ... had a cheryy limeade craving !!!! 
is outa here .... gotta work tomorrow but it's gonna be a good day !!!!! 
is up at the a ** crack of dawn ... gettin ready for work !! All my FB peeeps have a good day !! 
is home from the trenches .... and yes , that's exactly what the last 24 felt like ... busy busy ... but now I'm off for a few days and I'm so happy with that !!! 
sucks when ur so tired u can't sleep !!!! oh well , what do they say ? I can sleep when I'm dead !! 
got my washer and dryer moved before the rain hot ... again ! and I'm looking forward to a special night ! 
goin to get my tan on !!!! 
it's a gorgeous day ..... i got a roast in the oven , gonna have some rice and gravy with it , some fresh green beans and cornbread ... oh ! and this killler strawberry pie i make !! YUM !! 
I thought Pyrex wasn't supposed to shatter and cut you !!!!! 
I don't know if it's the migraine I had yesterday ... or what but I wanted to kill some people in Walmart ... AND ... when you buy something glass with a label on it .... Why oh why is it sooo freakin hard to get it off ? They really should have ones that remove e 
lol ... ok ... did u work yesterday while i was incapacitated ? 
anybody watch Y&R ? 
is up and getting ready for work ... but my attitude isn't so good today . I'm trying to figure out why something is such a big deal ..... and why someone I know is having to choose between pleasing everybody or doing what he wishes ! 
Got my problem with my AC and temp . gauge on my car fixed for $44 !!! When does that happen ? :) 
been busy all day doing crap that has to be done .... but I'm gonna go have a few adult beverages with my best friend ... whenever he gets through working today ... we've been needing to visit 
had a ball tonight with my best girlfriend < PROPFEMALE > and my best boyfriend Derek .... except for the dad gum skeeters !!!... but the wine was good and so were the friends !!!! 
I don't even have to work today ... and I still woke up at 6 ... what happpened to the days when I could sleep til noon .... if that's what I wanted .... aging sucks .... lol 
haning some good coffee and watching fox news .... I don't do CNN 
This just in - PASSING IT ON ------- ALERT !!!! * DO NOT REQUEST TO ADD : ' < PROPFEMALE > COLAC ' AND ' < PROPMALE > SPITZNER ' . THESE ARE HACKERS . SO TELL ALL ON YOUR WALL . IF SOMEONE ADDS THEM THEY EARN YOUR CONTACTS , EMPTY COMPUTER AND ADDRESSES . SO COPY AND PASTE THIS TEXT ON YOUR WALL * FACEBOOK VIRUS GOING AROUND . IF YOU GET AN INBOX MESSAGE WITH A VIDEO LINK SAYING VIDEO OF YOU - DO NOT OPEN - ** IT IS A VIRUS 
went and got my oil changed ... got my car washed .... think that's just about all I'm gonna do today !! 
wow .... it's a hot one out there today 
just now up and having coffee .... looks like a beautiful day !! 
just got back from the store and about to grill me up a steak !! It's almost a waste of a good fire ... I only cook it about 1 1/2 minutes on each side over a scorching grill .... Yum !!! 
is about to hit the hay ... got to work 24 at #3 tomorrow 
home from work this morning .... wasn't a horrible 24 ... ran hot all day and nothing last night !! Bout to head to north < PROPMALE > to my daughters house 
wow ... it feels good outside this morning ... think I'll sit on the porch , drink my coffee and watch the hummingbirds fight ... they are so cute ... to be so mean ! 
is thinkin bout going to the battle of the badges tonight .... could be fun 
had a great mornin ... soakin up some sun ... layin in the pool !! 
is home from workin my 24 at #3 .... it was a slow shift ..... drinking my mornin pot of java and relaxin !!!! 
getting ready to head to the DMV ..... why are they always soooo grouchy there ? 
OMG ... I have got to put my new home number on the DO NOT CALL list ...... people calling about health care , education and all kinds of bs are wearing me out !!!! It ought to be illegal 
is frying chicken for supper with purple hull peas , rice and gravy and corn bread ..... so NOT good for my colesterol !!! 
is going to bed .... sinuses are killing me ..... took a big hit of Nyquil ... got to work tomorrow .... good night 
me and < PROPFEMALE > went to the movie ..... she got tired of it so we left ... LOL ... then we went to eat and then to walmart where we bought two water guns .... we had it all planned .... she was gonna win . Neither one of the dad gum water guns worked ... so we did 3D sidewalk chalk instead ... we looked really cool in our 3D glasses :)) 
kept < PROPMALE > for a while today .... it had been too long ..... and now I am cooking Shrimp Fettuchini .... best recipe ! Got it years ago from a friend's mother in Thibodeaux ..... love it love it !! 
home this morning .... had a ambulance run bout midnight and a automatic fire alarm/false alarm at Healthsouth at 0400 ... I hate those ! 
civil service board meeting ..... done ! 
is about to go to the rfd union meeting ..... and hopefully a little fun afterwards !!!! 
is hoping to be feeling better shortly .... finally got me some medicine .... I didn't go to the doctor cause I didn't want to do the xray ... ct ... bs . Even if I broke my tailbone ... what r they gonna do about it ?!!!! My hiney is pretty though .... kinda road rashed up ! And there r some new pains beginning to surface . 
is still recuperating ... but doin a little better ... I even managed to make a cake ! 
can't sleep .... but the rain sounds good 
is up having coffee .... still got the sore ass !!! 
shoulda never tried french vanilla coffee mate ! it's like a desert !!!! 
is up ... bout to go to work ... still moving slow and hurting some ... but got to get out of this house !! Happy Monday everyone !!!! 
is looking forward to Friday !! 
could we just keep this weather all year round ? 
slept late this morning and now enjoying my morning coffee ..... feels wonderful outside !!! 
oh lord I look sooo much better after a haircut and color !!!!... I just don't know about these people that go grey .... I can't do it ... not as long as they make hair color anyway !!! 
Luckily I haven't gotten one of these video virus things . I understand they are titled \WOW\ " or \ " LOL\ " .... to all my friends ... Don't open anything with that title .... be careful ... it'll wreck your PC I hear !!! " 
was going to bed ... but I have a sudden craving for a sonic peach shake ... think I'll just get in my car and go get one !!!! 
looking forward to my date tonight ..... a little sushi and a little fun !!! 
bout to head to the Saltgrass Steak House .... never been ... but I hear it's awesome !!! 
Can't wait til in the morning ..... flying to Cozumel for some fun ... nothing like an impromtu trip !!! Shut up < PROPMALE > !! 
bout to go jump in the shower ..... got in on the tail end of a fire earlier ... just enough to get me hot and sweaty ... got to love it !!! 
The Ruston Fire Department and Ruston Firefighters Association broke another record for collections for the Muscular Dystrophy Association this year , collecting over $ 27,000 !!!! That's right ... I said thousand ! Thanks to all the people in the Ruston area who stopped to \Fill The Boot\ " .... we couldn't do it without your support ! Check out all the work firefighters across this nation do for MDA .... www.iaff.org/mda " 
is working til 7am .... sure hope it's a quiet night !!!! 
what is wrong with FB !!!??? 
watchin Urban Cowboy ...... that's funny stuff ! 
I got to work about 0645 .... did radio test ..... having coffee .... and waiting on Medic 3 to get back to the house from an early morning call . 
ne < PROPMALE > s to be doing some continuing < PROPMALE > online ... while I'm on duty ... but I just don't wanna ! 
never imagined this in a million years :)) 
thinks Byonce is pretty cool for that ! 
enjoyed the day with < PROPFIRST > and Nathan ...... whew ! he is a handful and into everything ..... all while smiling like a little angel . 
busy morning at the RFD 
is ready for 0700 to hurry up and get here !!!!!!! 
just got headbutted by a 7 month old ...... got a fat lip ! He is still the sweetest thing ever !! 
is at the firehouse ..... hoping we won't have a single call .... and hoping the state ambulance checking dude will come on someone elses shift !!! 
is about to hit the sack at station 3 .... I'm takin bets on how long that might last ???? Any takers ??? 
had a pretty good night at the RFD ...... gonna go home , make a pot of coffee and get ready to go see my beautiful neice .... with my beautiful daughter and grandaughter !!!! 
me , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are about to head to s'port to see bailey .... almost a girls day ..... with the sweet addition of our little man !! 
had a ball with my girls and little man today ..... and got to see < PROPFEMALE > and her bunch !! Great day .... and great pictures .... check em out !! 
well ... lunch was interesting ..... wonder what else this day will bring ? 
I hear a hot bath and a cold beer calling my name !!! 
This shift is lasting forever !!! And I still have til 0700 to go ! 
bout to get off work ... civil service board meeting this morning ... then no plans til tonight !!!! 
has a feeling this day is just gonna get better and better !!! 
thinks someone is pretty awesome !!! 
is workin 24 at the RFD ... and can hardly hold my eyes open .... maybe a nap after drill ! 
Lay your troubles on my shoulder , put your worries in my pocket ... rest your love on me a while . Conway Twitty 
yeehaaaw !!!! thought I had to work a double shift(48hrs ) sat and sun ... turns out I don't hafta !!!! So ... I'm off now til sun 0700 !! 
whew !! finally wrestled my little man to sleep . he's hard to keep up with . 
can't sleep , can't sleep , can't sleep !!!! do I hear rain again ??? 
it was just a boring day ..... nothing exciting ... and then .... wow ! ;) 
me and my girl < PROPFEMALE > are gonna hook up later for some drinks .... everybody better watch out ... here comes trouble !!! 
Had the best time vsiting with < PROPFEMALE > last night ... wishing she lived closer 
cooking some fried chicken , pinto beans and rice with mexican cornbread for my daddy and little brother ..... yummy !! 
had a great visit with my Daddy and my little Brother .... I don't remember the last time it's just been us 3 .... we reminisced , laughed , ate a good meal and didn't go to bed til after midnight . My Daddy is the best man in the whole world .... I thank God for him !! 
wonders why anyone would make a candle scent called \tomato leaves \"?" 
is outta here .... gotta do 24 at RFD #3 tomorrow ... then off thurs and fri .... I love it !!!! Can't imagine working days like a normal person 
up to my elbows in cake and butter cream icing !! Making < PROPMALE > Colvin's birthday cake and having a great day !! 
hell yeah !!! 
If you're not suppose to stick q-tips in your ears ... what the hell are they for ? 
well medic 3 just successfully pissed off one whole hour riding back and forth on < PROPFIRST > Rd . looking for an address we later found out was in Ouachita Parish . I even kicked in a door of somebody's hunting camp ... woops .... sorrrrrrryyy !! 
making homemade lasagna , watching my little man an this rainy sunday 
9 more days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My grandaughter , < PROPFEMALE > , is having surgery tomorrow to remove her adenoids and tonsils ... gonna head over to < PROPMALE > when I get off work in the morning to give her some Mamaw love !! 
anybody know how RHS is doing ? 
Be happy for this moment ....... for THIS moment is your life !!! 
Happy ER Nurses Week to all of Yall !!!!! 
looking forward to a super evening with an awesome guy !!! Sweet !!! 
I once had a < PROPFEMALE > named after me and I was very flattered . But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalogue : no good in a bed , but fine up against a wall . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > That is great !!! LMAO 
drove to < PROPMALE > today to get my hair cut and found out I was suppose to be there NEXT Tuesday ..... good thing my Aunt does my hair !!! She squeezed me in !! Then supper at my daughter's house and finally home ... and missin < PROPMALE > already 
is about to go have a few drinks in celebration of the word \closure\ " .... or at least the beginning of it ...... That's right !!!! " 
is at the RFD for 24 and going to be in some damn leadership class all day ..... I know !!!! I'm sure I can use it but I'm praying for several perfectly-spaced-out ambulance calls 
is just back in firehouse #3 after the 2nd car fire of the shift and trying to figure out .... why .. when someone's car burns , do they always look like they are mad at me about it ? I DIDN'T DO IT !!! 
Don't worry if your \you\ " is small and your rewards are few : Remember that the mighty oak was once a nut like you . - Anonymous " 
\Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation . . . The other eight are unimportant \ " < PROPFIRST > Miller <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 " 
OK Ruston ... nothing crazy tonight ... please ??? 
Had a good lunch with my best friend ... been a while since me and him have had time to do that ! 
been kind of a busy day here at the RFD .... gonna try and sleep the rest of my 24 !! Wish me luck !!! 
I must say ... this was a first ! After 16 years at the RFD , I worked a drive-by shooting with a BB gun !!! Poor little dude got popped while walking with some friends at Tech ... and now has a BB embedded in his cheek !!! What about that ???? LOL 
home .... showered the smoke smell off ... now going to bed ...... been at a house fire since 0300 ...... pooped out !!!! 
My sons think it's a fireman's pole , but I forgot to cut a hole through the floor into the kitchen . ~ Pamela < PROPMALE > 
is gettin mad at facebook .... having < PROPMALE > problems tonite !!!! 
I think < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > just screwed with the wrong woman !! 
wishes life had a fast forward button sometimes ..... I'd fast forward to Wednesday , cause my sweetie's coming home !!!!!!!!!! 
just a few Thanksgiving quotes I found ..... Thanksgiving is an emotional holiday . People travel thousands of < PROPMALE > to be with people they only see once a year . And then discover once a year is way too often . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Happy We-Stole-Your-Land-and-Killed-Your-People Day ! ~ Thanksgiving toast , from the movie Sweet November 
got my dressing made !.... all I have to do is pop it in the oven when I get to the RFD Thursday morning . We should have a feast ... everyone's bringing something .... might as well enjoy our day ... even though we have to work !!! Thankful I have a job !!! 
Shit .... guess I'm gonna have to go back to hookin ' 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
Wednesday can't get here soon enough !!!!! 
After I get this shift out of the way .... I don't have to come back til the 23rd !! Looking forward to a great weekend in Natchitoches with < PROPMALE > and Keaton <3 <3 <3 I've never been for the Christmas lights .... can't wait !! 
Natchitoches was great !!..... pretty lights , awesome fireworks and great company !! 
is a happy happy girl !!! Even though he has gone back to work .... and 2 weeks is a long time .... he makes me happy and I have a smile on my face !!!!! <3 <3 <3 
is making Chef < PROPFIRST > Folse's White Chocolate Bread Pudding ! 
Happy 1-1-11 !! 
I bet nobody else can say they finished off 2010 with a taxi/van ride that had no back seats at all ...... & instead there was a mattress ! And we thought we were being safe !! Lmao 
I kicked my science teacher , sliding down a hill because I'm sexy and I do what I want ! 
Facebook changes colors if you hold Ctrl and press W ........!!!!!!! 
Saw on the internet that Haiti is without a government . To help out , I am donating one Obama , one Pelosi , one < PROPMALE > , one < PROPFIRST > , one Coakley and two Clintons ! They may keep them permanently ! I'd give them a constitution ; but I can't find mine right now ! ~~~ Status borrowed from a friend . . . keep it going ! :P 
my fine is $570.60 ..... I have been very bad 
Happy 1st Birthday !!! < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Talbert !!! 
It's been a long 2 weeks .... but I can see the light at the end of the tunnel ..... don't be scared baby !!! HA !!! 
Home from NOLA .... had a great time even though I was a little under the weather .... coulda been the oysters but I'm still gonna keep eating them !! 
holy crap ! Facebook is WAY funnier if u change your language to English(Pirate ) ............. try it people !! 
is going to get my little man , < PROPMALE > and heading to see < PROPFEMALE > !! 
I'll be missing you ..... until I am kissing you !!! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
IF YOUR DADDY IS YOUR HERO , WEITHER YOU ARE BLESSED TO HAVE YOUR DADDY , OR IF HE HAS GONE TO BE WITH THE LORD ! COPY AND PASTE HIS NAME ! < PROPFIRST > LINER ... HE IS MY MOST FAVORITE MAN IN THE WHOLE WORLD ... AND HE HAS TAUGHT ME MORE THAN HE WILL EVER KNOW ..... I LOVE HIM DEARLY !!! 
is leaving Louisiana ..... heading to < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > for a Super Bowl Party !!!!! I know , that makes absolutely no sense .... but that's how we roll !!! 
is sick of this monster migraine !! 
If I'm goin down , I'm goin down in flames ..... from this moment on , there ain't nothin gonna be the same !!! 
is off work for 10 whole days !!!! 
getting ready to head to < PROPFEMALE > for the PFFALA Convention .... and making Red < PROPFEMALE > cupcakes for someone special ! <3 <3 <3 
Put your first pets ' name and the name of the first street you lived on together ...... this is your stripper name ........ what is yours ??? 
is gettin kinda pissy with Facebook . I changed my language to Pirate for PART of one day and then changed it back to plain english ... but since then I can never tell if it will be english or pirate or some weird combination of the two ... and have you ever noticed there is NO PLACE to complain ??? No tech support ... no contact us button ... nothing !!! or at least I can't find it !!! 
Having sex is like playing bridge . If you don't have a good partner , you'd better have a good hand . 
If u have a best friend that will drop everything for u , be there for u thru thick and thin , love u unconditionally even with all your faults and be the 1st one there to pick u up when u fall ( and give u a much needed dose of reality or swift kick in the ass if necessary ) then copy and post this to your status .. she or he will know who they are .. ? 
is sleepy .... gonna keep < PROPMALE > tomorrow ....... i'll have my hands full !! 
is feeling rough .... how in the hell did I get the flu AND strep throat ?? I was supposed to keep my sweet Lil < PROPMALE > today ... but he sure doesn't need what I've got 
is shooting Nyquil ! 
UGH !!! Thought I would be better today , but still running fever and feeling like I wanna die ! 
It's so nice to have someone in my life who makes me smile .... even when he's not around <3 <3 <3 
Happy 4th birthday to my grandaughter .... Emma < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! 
I don't believe I've ever seen a 1 year old get an IV and blood drawn without crying ..... My sweet little grandson gets the big boy award !!! He's still in the ER with his mom and dad ... gettin chest xray and tests ..... his fever was up to 103.5 today ... he is feeling much better now though 
my world isn't a theater and I'm no effing director . Please leave your drama at the door or give it to God . God cares . Me , I don't give a shit . 
has Mamaw duty tomorrow ... I get to keep sweet little sick Nathan .... we're gonna do whatever he wants ... cause that's what Grandmother's are supposed to do !!! 
Thinks women who have babies at my age have to be just a little crazy ! Keeping up with < PROPMALE > today has worn me out .... he is usually better but he has been sick ... and I think the cough medicine they put him on made him DRUNK ! 
is chillin with < PROPFIRST > and Emma ..... layin in bed drinkin chocolate milk and watchin Ice Age ....... Emma ate two bites of her supper but said she \needed\ " chocolate milk ... who am I to say no ? I'm just the grandmother ... lovin my babies !! " 
Just 13 days and this long 5 weeks will be over !!!!!!! So ready for < PROPMALE > to be home !!! 
I just bought some milk that doesn't expire until May ..... someone told me about it .... It's the Organic Great Value brand at WalMart .... I'm not so big on organic but my milk always goes bad before I can use it all ..... problem solved ! 
heading out to do some walking with < PROPFEMALE > !!!! I'm about to get serious with this diet and exercise stuff !!! 
Entitlements ? WTF ? Why do people think they are entitled to others paying thier damn way ? We have enough of that crap already ! 
He is the sweetness !!! 
Making some of my Aunt Delorise's Beer Bread ..... Haven't made it in a long time .... forgot how easy it is !! Here's the recipe ... yall try it out . 3 1/2 cups self rising flour , 3/4 sugar , 2 eggs and 12 oz . of beer . I also throw a dash of salt in . Mix everything together ..... & pour into a greased bread pan a & bake at 350 for about 45 < PROPFEMALE > , or until a toothpick comes out clean . It is so good !! 
watching The Blind Side 
Love Happens 
Ready to go get this Fire Instructor II test done ... so I can go spend some time with my baby !! 
Yeah , I should write a book ..... you can't make this shit up ... 15 hours into my 24 hour shift 
Off work til wednesday !!! And my baby is home !! Heading to < PROPFEMALE>'s for supper tonight then no telling what .... anything going on in Funroe tonight ?? 
Keeping < PROPMALE > because he's sick ???? I don't think so ... he's wide open this morning . Jumping off the sofa ... standing on his head .... and playing with < PROPFEMALE>'s purse ... I'm sure his Daddy will like that !! 
Enjoyed a nice evening at Portico in Ruston ........ For those that don't know ... Monty < PROPFIRST > played from 5-7 and will be playing Tuesdays at the same time !! 
is really sick of the automatic fire alarms today ... I think if you have more than 10 BS/false alarms per year ... you should pay some kind of fee ! :) 
Enjoyed \Treme\ " on HBO ..... I think it might be a hit " 
is headed to the RFD ... hoping for an uneventful day ! 
just worked a code and i'm pooped out ..... working my 24 plus 6 more hours tomorrow ... gonna try to sleep a little 
News flash : ..... May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits and may your arms be too short to scratch . Thank you and have a nice day ! 
shit .... I'm at work 
I mean , life is tough . It takes up a lot of your time . What do you get at the end of it ? A Death . What's that , a bonus ? I think the life cycle is all backwards . You should die first , get it out of the way . Then you live in an old age home . You get kicked out when you're too young , you get a gold watch and you go to work . 
is sooooo ready for this 24 to be over .... come on 0700 ! I'm off for the next 2 shifts and < PROPMALE > is coming home !! YES .... I'm smiling !! 
had a great time last night in Baton Rouge ! Played trivia at a bar called Port < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > insisted on calling us \Team My Dick\ " ... so every time we won the announcer would have to say \ " my < PROPMALE > wins\ " & when we lost \ " my < PROPMALE > needs help\ " ... he has issues " 
is about to fry up some fishes and homemade hushpuppies for my two guys ! Can't wait til Friday night and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Keen 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head . However we can raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
..... wants something that may never be ..... 
has had < PROPMALE > for 45 minutes .... and I'm tired ! Is it possible to already be a terrible 2 at 16 months ??? 
lookin kinda creepy south of Ruston 
every woman wants to be someone worth fighting for . 
I like it on the living room floor 
so glad this day is turning out better than I expected .... gonna go celebrate a little for Cinco De Mayo with my baby !!!! Hurry home Maximus ! 
coming soon 
Women still have an uneasy relationship with power and the traits necessary to be a leader . There is this internalized fear that if we are really powerful , we are going to be considered ruthless or pushy or strident -- all those epithets that strike right at our femininity . We are still working at trying to overcome the fear that power and womanliness are mutually exclusive . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > HUFFINGTON , Newsweek , Oct . 15 , 2007 
Women get the last word in every argument . Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument . ~ Author Unknown 
sorry ... on a roll with the quotes tonight ! 
A woman should soften but not weaken a man . ~ Sigmund Freud 
hopes all the Mom's out there have a great day ... and a special Happy Mother's Day to my two daughters .... thay are both great mommies ! 
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets 
I keep some people's phone < PROPFIRST > in my phone just so I know not to answer when they call . 
gettin ready to head to Baton Rouge .... why do I bring so much crap for 2 days ??? 
I feel as if I owe my bloodstream some < PROPFEMALE > today 
If you disagree with Arizona's immigration law , you should have been riding on Medic 1 with me , < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > tonite ... you would not only change your mind about it ... you would try to get your state to follow suit ! 
I feel like doing cartwheels today , but I would probably break something 
For those of you that may not know ..... Susan ( Wilkinson ) Sandlin's 16 year old son < PROPMALE > had a wreck while racing his dirt bike Sunday . His most serious injury was a spinal fracture . He is at Our Lady of the Lakes in Baton Rouge and underwent approx . 5 hour surgery yesterday afternoon . 
At West < PROPMALE > Medical Center with Max .... he fractured his neck in a wreck ... having surgery tomorrow to put a screw in 
night was not so wonderful for Maximus ... They must think hes faking it ..... lol ..... 2mg morphine every two hours aint cuttin it 
They came to get < PROPMALE > at 10 .... so were in the waiting room , playing the waiting game . Doctor says he will be in a brace for about 3 months . They will have him up and moving later today though . Long road ahead ... please pray surgery goes well !!! 
Still no news .... going on 5 hours in surgery 
Ok ... just found out they didnt actually start til 1:30 .... Nice of them to let us know that !! 
He is in recovery .... surgery went well .!!!!... we probably cant c him til later tonite or morning 
He's awake they say . The doc said he asked him if he knew what they did to him and he said \yeah 
just got to see < PROPMALE > in icu ..... his neck doesnt hurt anymore !! Ear is lookin kinda rough ..... it came unglued and they stitched it back on . Plastic surgery will look at it in morn . I think its all gonna be ok 
ok .... the sonic in marrero sucks ass .... this dude has brought me the wrong dad gum order TWICE !! Not in the mood 
< PROPMALE > will be in icu again tonite ... swelling in throat ... doc wants to be cautious . Still in some pain but getting better . I can't stay with him til he goes to a regular room .... that should happen in the morning . Thanks for all the thoughts and prayers 
just left < PROPMALE > .... he should be out of icu tomorrow .... he is doing great ! They say it was a nano second from being like < PROPFIRST > Reeves .... paralyzed from the neck down . Thanks again for all the thoughts and prayers 
..... we're finally in a room ! Waiting to see if he can shower ..... he needs one BAD 
He sleeps !!! He was starting to suffer from sleep deprivation ... icu was a noisey place ! 
çesting . Going home tomorrow ! 
çGot to see MRI and xrays this morning .... looks like he has a golf tee diagonally driven through his c-spine . Got to shower this morning .... that was inter 
.... not sure what time < PROPMALE > will be discharged tomorrow . We are staying one night in Natchitoches and then heading home . He is doing great ! 
got 3 Sussies today .......... sussie is french for a present for no occasion . I have a dress and a bracelet from < PROPMALE > and a pretty watch from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s Mom & < PROPMALE > . So sweet 
< PROPMALE > is finally out of the hospital ..... im in baton rouge giving my friend < PROPFEMALE > a little moral support and checking on her son < PROPMALE > who had surg 1 week ago . Heading to Natchitoches next to meet < PROPMALE > at his moms .... ruston tomorrow ! 
.... my baby girl ... Morgan Talbert is cutting hair @ Patterson's Barber Shop in Ruston . She needs some business so if anyone is interested ... it is @ 113 East Mississippi . She does men , women and children . You can walk-in but if you need color or a permanent call for appointment @ 255-0921 ... TELL YOUR FRIENDS !!! 
If you see the Ruston Fire Dept . around town collecting money .... throw a little in the boot !! It all goes to the Muscular Dystrophy Association ...... and if you don't want to give ... just wave as you drive by instead of getting all pissy ... we don't bite .... we're just doing our part for < PROPFIRST>'s Kids !!!!! 
someone is making it difficult for me to maintain my \never murdered anyone\ " streak " 
Love is a force more formidable than any other . It is invisible it cannot be seen or measured , yet it is powerful enough to transform you in a moment , and offer you more joy than any material possession could . ----- Barbara De Angelis 
At portico with my hot date 
Wishes instead of poking someone you could hit a button that makes a hand come out of the computer and bitch slap someone . 
Love finds a way ... and apparently so does stupidity 
thinks voodoo dolls offer essential stress relief with that extra special personal touch :-) \ 
lol 
finally home after working 52 hours 
Getting a pedi .... They seriously need some new music . I'm listening to the instrumental version of I Just Called To Say I Love You 
Love is about realizing that an imperfect person can make your life perfect 
is cooking a brisket and then heading to < PROPMALE>'s Dad's house for a 4th of July celebration ! 
knows that EVERYTHING that has happened in life thus far , has happened for a reason . It all lead me to where I am now , and there's nowhere else I'd rather be . 
Heading to Lake < PROPFIRST > in Alabama .... just me and < PROPMALE > !! :) 
Montgomery 
Checking out Auburn University and then gonna grab a bite to eat 
< PROPMALE > says ..... That's alcohol fetal syndrome , I can tell you that much ...... I can't take his ass any where 
Headed back to Louisiana . Had a great time in alabama . I think my next trip will be to see my family in mt . Home 
Some people think having large breasts makes a woman stupid . Actually , it's quite the opposite : a woman having large breasts makes men stupid . 
Hello . My answers to yesterday's messages , in order of their arrival . Yes . Tomorrow at 5pm . Duct tape & piano wire . Tonight's safety word will be banana . No . Thank you 
Me and my girl < PROPFEMALE > are going back in time tonight . Were grilling and having battery acid from wilmart , listening to the crickets and reminiscing about those old Bon fires at the peach orchard and rec dances Any stories ??? Please share !! 
It would be easier to convince a toddler that you mean business if their side of the conversation did not make you laugh ... 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan who ? I cant believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something yr old . Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , Chase < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > hew < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 .... These 20-somethings gave their lives for you this week . Repost if you support our military . 
is off til the 5th .... anybody know anything fun to do ??? 
3am ?? can't sleep .... yay !!!! 
is all packed up and heading to Perdido Key . Maybe a change of scenery will improve my shitty disposition 
I can , I will , I am 
I can smell the ocean ..... Were almost there 
Having a ball at Perdido Key with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > & Woody . Awesome condo on the beach , great oysters and good wine . I'm gonna be ok 
Wth ? I just woke up . I never sleep this late !! I love vacation !! 
A window of opportunity will never open itself . You have to throw a brick through it !! \ 
Thanks Cupid I needed that 
One day , long , long ago , there lived a man who was handsome , intelligent , charming , good in bed ... but this was a long time ago ... and it was just that one day 
can't go back and make a brand new start , so I'm starting from now and make a brand new end . 
BE CAREFUL when buying something through the internet PEOPLE !! A good friend of mine found an $8000 tractor on ebay and actually did the transaction person to person instead through a pay pal account . He wired the money from his bank to the seller's bank who even sent him a tracking number that took him to the shipping company website ....... 
is baking cookies ....... baking always helps to get my mind off my troubles 
I'm a member of the Work Release Program . I'm at work and they won't release me ! Come on 0700 !!!! 
I am free of all prejudices . I hate everyone equally . 
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing . If you can fake that , you've got it made . 
the majority of this day was spent at the hospital . First , for < PROPMALE>'s xray's of his neck for his folloow-up next week and visiting his Grandmother at the same hospital .... then in the ER because I broke my foot walking down a sidewalk after lunch today . But I do have a stylish new boot and crutches .... yay 
heading to the hospital to get my new hardware 
home from surgery .... I really thought it was gonna feel better once they screwed my bone back together . WRONG !! UGH !!! Hurts worse now . I know ... I'm a big baby but at least I've got a sexy man taking care of me ;) ... he got a good report about his neck fracture yesterday ... the screw worked & it has fused ... he can return to work in 2 weeks !! 
Thanks Van !! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT -retirement home in Minnesota looking for elderly man off \ 
his meds . Very delusional , he thought he could play football & beat \ 
the Saints ! Description 6'2 , 222lbs , age-older than dirt . Goes by the \ 
name of Favre . Last seen in New Orleans wearing a Vikings jersey with \ 
his pants on the ground and black & gold confetti in his h ......... air and chanting WHO DAT ?! 
is missing him already .... gonna be a long week .... who's gonna listen to me bitch about my foot ??!!! 
so tired of NOT SLEEPING !!! It's making me grouchy 
There are a few people that i would like to take trick or treating on a highway dressed in deer costumes 
hahahaha !! why is it the news is the most funny when it's not suppose to be ? The police chief in < PROPMALE > sent out a memo that some unwanted black males with their pants sagging and holding their \goobers\ " were bothering the residents of a retirement community . I love it ! " 
Huddle or waffle ? Decisions .... Decisions 
I have the funniest Aunt ... she just told me her computer is constipated !! Love u Aunt LoLo !!! 
... nothing or no one could wipe away the smile he puts on my face <3 
watch out for karma ..... it has GPS 
I didn't do anything ......... yet 
.... save water !! shower with a firefighter !! 
I want to do what's right\ 
But I'll never understand me\ 
I've always had a sweet tooth\ 
For the devil's < PROPFEMALE > 
Ok KSLA this guy is an idiot . Really ?? How many different ways can u explain the weather 
I will cut you !!! 
almost half-way through my 24 hour shift .... I'm on the downhill slide !! 
... female spiders eat the male spider after they mate ..... now how did a little ol ' spider get to be so damn smart ? 
... Lies do the most harm to the person who tells them 
what in the heck is wrong with fb ..... i have people I added as friends recently that have disappeared ..... or maybe I offended them and they ran away ? :) 
If you can't drink and drive , why do you need a driver's license to buy liquor , and why do bars have parking lots ? 
what's up with all the dad gum woods fires today people ????? DON'T play with matches !!!! 
heading to < PROPMALE > to get < PROPFEMALE > out of school early and spend the night with my girls tonight !!! 
? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER in the world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
SECURITY !!!!!! 
I feel like I should be throwing < PROPFEMALE > 
.... is trying to remember to count my blessings ... not my problems 
Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life . It turns what we have into enough , and more . It turns denial into acceptance , chaos to order , confusion to clarity . It can turn a meal into a feast , a house into a home , a stranger into a friend . Gratitude makes sense of our past , brings peace for today , and creates a vision for tomorrow . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Beattie\ 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!!!!! 
.... gonna have the traditional Thanksgiving grub at < PROPFEMALE>'s and then head to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s for some Saints football . Can't wait to try < PROPFEMALE>'s Dove Gumbo ........... and I'm bringing Shrimp Fetuchinni .... yummo !! 
Every man has a < PROPMALE > and a fool within him .... the one you talk to is the one that's going to respond 
...... I wanna be a hoarder so a team of people will come do my housework 
is actually enjoying doing Pilates .... I bought a DVD at < PROPMALE > world , it's a pretty good workout and it came with a resistance band .... I'm sore in places I've never been sore !! 
#40 ..... You are one of my fav fellow firefighters ! and I liked you from the first time I met you !! 
10/4 ..... I think you are beautiful and I have enjoyed the few times we've socialized together .... and think we should do that more !! 
last number thing I'm doing !!! \ 
You would pick #69 ARNIE !!!!! You know I love you baby !! 
3.14 .... I love you like no one else but you don't feel the same for me , obviously ...... and no .... no one else can see this ..... just u . 
NEW GAME : INBOX me your bank account & routing and/or your credit card number , expiration date and 3 digit pin . In my status I will post which < PROPMALE > I paid with it ! 
Vegas bomb !!! Drink up < PROPFIRST > !! 
thinks grandchildren are the greatest invention .... but I need a nap 
TELLATANT !!!! That's what < PROPMALE > calls an elephant . Too cute 
El Jarito and then Twisted Cow !! 
Is at the New Prosperity Baptist Church for the services of < PROPFEMALE > Caesar < PROPFEMALE > . 
I've had my cell phone shut off since lunch time ..... it's actually kinda nice . I'm thinking about doing that one day a week . Isn't it funny how it has become a necessity and a nuisance all at the same time ? 
is going to the White Trash Christmas Bash at Sundown tonight for some good music ..... I'll share a little of the tunes in a sec 
had a good Christmas after all ...... didn't want to get out of bed this morning and come back to work though .... have a good day people !! 
I need a flux capacitor !!!!!! 
cooked fried chicken , rice and gravy , cabbage and corn bread ...... and while I was cooking a little 3 year old kissing bandit kept stealing my sugar !! so sweet 
If 2010 was written in pencil , what would you erase ? 
Here's to the new year ! and spending it with the one I love !! 
..... is a happy little bundle of sunshine ! 
No one can drive us crazy unless we give them the keys . \ 
< PROPMALE > Horton 
3 more hours of work today and 24 tomorrow . Thinking about going to portico in Ruston tonight for the < PROPMALE > Hearn Project and some Cotton Bowl ! 
trees heavy with ice and wind blowing ... not a good combination 
why are commercials so damn loud ??? 
Thank y'all for all the sweet birthday messages . Made me smile all day . \ 
I'm gonna ROCK 45 !!!!! 
Red Lobster for my birthday with my two girls ! 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people fat . Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! ( Reposted from another friend's status message . Feel free to do the same . ) 
....... Portico in < PROPMALE > !!!! 
People who want to make a relationship work will move mountains . But if they treat you like they don't care , it's because they don't . 
knows she deserves a good solid loving relationship not a mind game . 
Is waiting for that special guy to come into my life and prove to me that things can change and not all men play games . 
I don't want to be a sagitarious ... I liked capricorn 
You and I wind up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along :) 
only things on my agenda today are .... getting my nails done , cleaning this house a little and some Live < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > tonight at the Downer !! 
In my bed at Station Two , hoping for no calls tonight . Probably helps that I shut off the radio !!!! Lol jk 
decisions ... decisions .......... Ruston or Funroe for the evening ? 
Ok portico in < PROPMALE > is dead . Heading back to Ruston . I hear the portico there Is packed 
Gonna go see \Tangled\ " with my EmmaKat ! and < PROPMALE>'s 2nd Birthday is tomorrow .... can't believe it " 
Heading Arcadia for the partay !! 
picked up a 19 year old in labor around 2am ....... I was thinking that her little 30sec contractions were gonna seem like a piece of cake in a couple of hours ... lol . I remember being in labor with < PROPFEMALE > ( for 36 hours ) and being completely clueless as to how my life was about to dramatically change . I had no idea I could love anyone so much . 
< PROPFEMALE > Pelosi reminds me of that drunk biology teacher we had in high school 
Ahh the sun is shining !! 
I need to borrow someone's fast-forward button .... please ! 
My friend < PROPFEMALE>'s son < PROPMALE > had an assignment tonight to write a protest song ... I'm sharing it because it's pretty dang good ! \ 
“Message Not Sent”\ 
\ 
AT&T I’m through giving you my money , \ 
I don’t find this “no signal” crap very funny\ 
I can barely make a call much less send a text , \ 
But you’re AT&T what can I expect 
When you get stopped in the early hours of the morning by the Police and they ask you \ do you have any drugs or firearms \ " DO NOT REPLY \ " what do you need ????? " 
It is too dang cold !! If I get anymore calls this shift .... I don't care if it's a fire or medical ... I'm wearing all my \turnout gear\ " cause it's the warmest thing I have .... don't care if it stinks like smoke and sweat !! " 
Awesome Valentines tonight . First a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > heart shaped necklace , chocolate , < PROPMALE > bear , Starbucks gift card and < PROPFIRST > travel mug and Nerds ( my fav < PROPFEMALE > ) . Then dinner at < PROPFEMALE > with a bottle of Cake Bread . I'm a spoiled girl and I love it !!!!!!! 
If you think you have the most beautiful daughter in the world , make her your profile pic !! I have 2 wonderful daughters .... so I'm going to have one pic today and one tomorrow !! ( I don't care if you did make this up < PROPFEMALE > !!! ) 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of life , getting back up is living ~ Re-post if you agree . 
up since 0430ish for a medical call . Ready for 0700 and to head to S'port for Professional Firefighters of Louisiana Convention ..... and my baby is gonna join me there tomorrow .... that's the BEST part !!! 
Bossier City 
Romanian chicks named Gabby rock at helping pick out the perfect LBD !!! 
Day 2 of acupuncture . I think I'm hooked 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htNszlvz1vQ&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
\Was it a real clown or somebody just dressed up like one ? \ " bahahahaha !!! Really ? " 
Happy 5th Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
is having a movie marathon day with my baby ...... don't rent Cyrus ... it sucks 
can't believe my first baby is 25 today ..... seems just like yesterday I was a 20 year old new mother who didn't have a clue what to do with that prescious < PROPFEMALE > baby ..... and her baby girl just had her 5th birthday .... wow , where does the time go ? 
Grass fire . Yay me 
.... love's thunderstorms !!!! ( when I'm not on duty ) lol 
can't help but think of < PROPFIRST > Laney today .... and the St. Paddy's Day parties we used to have at AE Phillips .... fun times 
just got some microdermabrasion and a photo facial .... it's beautification day ! 
is missing him like crazy 
goin to the party on the patio at Portico .... Monty < PROPFIRST > , good friends , a few adult beverages ...... just missin one thing 
If your DAD was a hard-working MAN , your HERO , helped you no matter how bad you were , or is just the BEST DAD EVER . If you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an ANGEL in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your DAD , & you LOVE HIM DEARLY . You can replace a lot of people in your life ... but not your DAD 
Dear God .. Please help me play nice at work today ... Amen . 
Evidently , the smaller your car is , the bigger your wheels need to be . 
YAY !!! for the state of Louisiana !! It appears you CANNOT buy 5 Hour Energy Shots with your food stamp card . It also seems like it really pisses you off when the checker tells you that your purchase was declined . On the flip side ...... it was very entertaining for me to watch !!! 
Play your radio as loud as you want .... everyone likes what you like !!!!!! 
bout to get in bed with my lil man and watch the < PROPFEMALE > Movie .... good Mamaw time !! 
I could use a beach and a drink right about NOW !! Too bad I don't have any time off til the end of the month 
looking forward to < PROPFEMALE>'s soccer game tomorrow !!!! She's the bomb .... or whatever they say now 
That Dentastix commercial where the dogs smile and have people teeth really freaks me out 
House fire kicked this Captain's butt today . I'm getting too old for this so I need the remaining 10 hours of this 24 to be really boring . Remember to call 611 for your emergencies . Thank u very much : ) 
LOUISIANA raised & PROUD ! Where summer starts in April , front porches are wide & words are long , we don't have fireflies , we have lightning bugs , macaroni & cheese is a vegetable , pecan pie is a staple , y'all is a proper pronoun , chicken is fried , & biscuits come with gravy , sweet tea is the house wine , everything is darling & someone is always getting their heart blessed . ( Repost If you were raised in Louisiana) ! 
Anybody remember the name of the home ec teacher at RHS back when we were there ? Me and < PROPFEMALE > are having some wine and reminiscing and we can't remember ! Someone help us out !! 
Why can't the next 7 days just fly by ? I would like to be on a plane headed to Kentucky at this very moment !!! 
Yay !!! I got to Cincinnati around lunch time and got settled in . My baby just got off work . We haven't seen each other since march 18th !!!! Do NOT disturb !!!! Lol 
rainy day here in kentucky .... so i just went to the mall !!! 
