it's 2010 , yay . 

I'm so sleepy , cause today my girlfriend came over , she woke me up way to early , but that's okay her will was good , yyeeeaaaahhhh x4 , i'm so mad , cause yesterday i came home from < PROPMALE > an hour late and my dad grounded me for a month , but that's okay , well actually i can't think of a reason that that's okay cause i was an hour late !!!, yyyeeeaaahhhh x4 , and i'm grounded for a month that's a bit ridiculous . 
hey man , nice shot . 
I just found out that i have ocd , well that would explain why on average i wash my hands 15 times a day , it would also explain why i'm always so paranoid and negative . 
load up on guns , bring your friends , it's fun to lose and to pretend . she's overboard , my self assured , oh no i know a dirty word . i'm worse at what i do best , and for this gift i feel blessed . and i forget just what it takes , and yeah i guess it makes me smie 
I'm Bored , there is nothing to do . 
I hope it rains . 
oh holy shit dude , well isin't that why ireland is so green ???? alright man i'll try and send you some sun , dude it fuckin ' sucks here in oklahoma , it's been like over 105 degrees farenheight for like a week and a half . and in the words of my dead homies .... 
allright man , have fun . 
i can't wait untill tuesday , it's going to be really awesome . 
Yeah i'm pretty exited , I got my huge 800 millogram ibuprophen prescription refilled !!!!, i'm taking a shower then i'm going to bed . 
well today kind of sucked , it started out pretty mellow when i woke up , then at about 12 all hell broke loose , all because i forgot a fucking purse filled with nail polish , then later on it didn't get any better then i had a sad catharsis , then i got some good 
i'm tired . 
Oh for fuck's sake ! I hate Unreasonable People , you might as well just call them reasonable dead people . 
Well the first day of school is on the 13th , yeah i'm sort of pissed off , but at the same time i should hopefully be able to tolerate and like it since it's a new school . 
Well this really sucks , i was having a really happy day , then a couple of people just had to screw it up . 
the boston red sox and new england patriots are a bunch of faggets !!!, the new york yankees and new york jets kick ass !!!. 
I hope we crush the boston fagsox today , we have a pretty good < PROPMALE > at it , we've beaten them two in a row and we've/the yankees got cc sabathia pitching he's 11-7 and the fagsox have buccholtz he's 1-1 . 
I'd rather be hated for who i am , than loved for who i am not-Kurt < PROPFIRST > Cobain . 
i think that < PROPFIRST > l < PROPMALE > or Keanu reeves would make awesome vampires on true blood . 
Jesus is Awesome !!!!, the way that you can tell that he is the one true god is that he actually answers Prayers .... as long as you have enough faith . 
yeah i start school tommorow , and yes i know , it sucks . 
I wish i was old enough to buy a shotgun . 
I'm sleepy . 
Season 2 of True Blood only has 3 episodes left , ahhhhh it sucks , i'll have to wait till ' next june to watch season 3 , Godric shouldn't have killed himself and < PROPFIRST > is a fagget , and even though laffayette is gay he's pretty cool cause he wanted to kill eggs , and < PROPMALE > is as cool as lestat and marius . 
ugh , i hate school . 
The new england patriots suck dick ....... and so do the Boston red sox !!!!. The new york jets and yankees kick ass !!!. 
HA ! HA ! New York Jets 24- < PROPMALE > Texans 7 !, hahaha Texas sucks , you douchers may have cheated Paulie Malignaggi out of the diaz fight but you couldn't cheat New York this time !!!!! New York Jets all the way to the super bowl !!......... and no i am not a Bandwagonning Prick/Douche like most supposed new england , boston and pittsburgh fans , i've been a New York Jet fan since i was born , I bleed Green !!!!. 
I love the October breeze , it definately Smells like teen spirit . 
Yeah man we signed Braylon Edwards !!!!, ha ha we can finally replace lavernues coles , and we now have another deep threat receiver !!!!!, Mark Sanchez is going to have a career day on monday night against the fins he'll pass for at least 300+ yards and we'll crush the dolphins and roll on to 4-1 , J ! E ! T ! S JETS ! JETS ! JETS !. 
Oh Well , Whatever , Nevermind . 
yeah man we're gonna ' crush the dolphins , J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS JETS JETS !!!!! 
well we lost to the fins , but anybody would have lost to them , the wild cat formation should be made illegal , we're stilll one of the elite teams in the nfl , J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS JETS JETS !!!!! 
oh my gosh , i'm so pissed that we lost to the bills , Sanchez needs to hurry up and stop making rookie mistakes !!, and feely needs to stay solid , we're still awesome , 3-3 is actually a pretty good record , we'll rebound in the upcoming weeks . J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS JETS JETS !!!!!. 
hahahaha 7-1 yankees , bottom of the 5th , haha we're crushing the phillie phags . 
hahaha 7-1 yankees , bottom of the 5th , we're dominating those phillie phags . 
yay !! we finally won number 27 !!!!!, hahaha , this is the first time the bronx bombers won it since i waslike 11 , it's been a long time . 
well my weekend was pretty cool , the only sucky thing about it was that my dad grounded me for being 11 minutes late !!!, yes i that's right i wasin't joking , my dad grounded me for being 11 minutes late and now i can't drive to < PROPMALE > for a week . 
REPTOIDS ARE REAL !!!!!, anybody who can roll their tongue has Reptoid blood and in 2012 you better watch out for those lizard people , seriously just Wikipedia it , it's the truth . 
i'm pretty pissed . 
I sure hope we can beat the New England Fagriots tommorow . go jets !!. 
Some dickless a-hole reported my video on youtube , so i got my first strike , they say if i get another violation for making fun of stupid people , i will be denied the right to upload videos . 
Paulie Malignaggi's gonna ' knock out < PROPFIRST > diaz , diaz sucks the only reason he won the match back in august is cause < PROPFIRST > c's sponsered the fight ( haha i didn't say what you were wanting me to say , so haha you can't report me for making fun of diaz cause he's from texas and he happens to be hispanic ) and all the ref's were from texas , this time i think the refs are mostly from neutral states or are from new york . 
745l ; hj6h704757h4jhl57680y !!!!! 
Ganster Rap Made Me Do It . 
yay !! we beat the colts !!!, now all we have to do is beat the bengals next sunday and we're in the playoffs , J ! -E ! -T ! -S ! JETS JETS JETS !!!!. 
SAD NEW YEAR EVERYONE , ha i bet i'm the first to say this in a long time , haha . 
SAD NEW YEAR EVERYONE . 
hahahahaha my Jets desroyed the bengals again !!!, haha we're gonna ' at least go to the afc championship game , maybe even the super bowl , oh and hahahahaha the fagriots are done !! cause < PROPMALE > welker broke his leg and without him the new england fagriots suck !!, hahahaha oh and so do the Boston red sux . 
P . S .. Chewing tobacco causes cancer ... and it's digusting and if your looking for a girlfriend you won't have much luck , i'm sorry , just pointing out the obvious , johnny i sure am happy you stopped . 
YAY !!!! THE JETS ARE GOING TO THE AFC CHAMPIONSHIP GAME !!!!!, indy will be a tough game but we can beat them and possibly win our first super bowl in like 40 years . 
I'm probably going to beat the hell out of someone tommorow at school , i'm serious if i hear one person say anything like \oh the jets sucks\ " i'm going to simply warn them once then if it continues they'll be missing some teeth . " 
SOMEBODY BROKE INTO MY ACCOUNT SO IF IT LOOKS LIKE I SAID ANYTHING UNUSUALL THAT S WHY !!!!!. 
\Oh We Don't Care If Someone Dies Rushinng To School Cause We're Idiots \"- Complements of The Decision Makers At Washington High School . " 
Is resident evil 5 really set in Haiti ??, hahaha maybe that's why it's so fun , hahahaha , and resident evil 4 was set in spain and it's my favorite game so HAHAHAHAHAHAHA you can't automatically assume i'm being mean , you know it's pretty gay that i can't have my own oppinons without getting yelled at , 
Sometimes i wish you could just get some Nirvana and be in complete Zen and happyness but unfortuanately , it's never gonna happen ..... P . S i'm not a buddist , i just think that they have some pretty cool ideals . 
I love my baby girl , < PROPFIRST > ! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
a hell of a place to end a run , oh yeah when she sang i answered the call , oh yeah California i'm fine , somebody check my brain tears that filled my bones , aaahhhhhh . 
NOZEN/NO-ZEN has just had our first practice , it was good , we already have a song made up , i have a feeling this is gonna ' be good , Ben's a badass guitarist and < PROPFIRST>'s an amazing drummer and i'm the singer/songwriter . 
My voice is so sore , and i am now going to drink 8 glasses of water a day , damn i'm gonna piss a lot . 
\We have no right to express an opinion untill we know all of the answers \"- Kurt Cobain " 
yay , we got ladainian tomlinson 
I've finally completed my goal which was to write enough songs to make an album , and i've written 12 of them so far , now the hard part will be getting synchronized with < PROPMALE > and blakes guitar and drumming . 
dude !! wow ! i just found out that that one white guy wearing a white wife beater and rapping back in 07 ' who got booed off stage at the red hot chili peppers concert at the ford center was actuallly < PROPFIRST > avalon !!, i had no idea , i can't believe that they booed him off stage !, well the concert was in oklahoma , what can you expect ............... 
i was just taking a shower and i was trying to decide on how to write my next song and the lyrics seemed to have came out of nowhere !, the feeling of all that creative energy just rushing through my body was undescribable , this spring break has for me definately has been the most creative one in my life , i've written 3 new songs . 
It's gonna ' be really interesting to find out how < PROPFEMALE > California will sound like when we add some distortion pedals and slow it down by about 25% . 
No i'm not gonna ' watch Ultimate Faggot Champioship 112 ( UFC ) . 
Zen for me ??, Yes i think so !!...... well that's how i feel for the moment ......... 
all i can can do is just pour some tea for two and speak my my point of view , and i start to complain that there's no rain , and i don't know why i sleep all day , all i can say is that my life is pretty plain , you don't like my point of view you think i'm insane . 
I've got Community service tommorow , Yay . 
I feel i lack , a little black , i say i'm white , i'd like to sight , damn i wish could get a tan . 
whoever said < PROPMALE > rossdale is a wannabe < PROPMALE > cobain is an idiot . < PROPMALE > rossdale's songs are way different from < PROPMALE>'s . entirely different . i can't stand idiots who can't write their own songs but yet criticize and compare all of you're stuff to someone else's stuff . \ 
\ 
oh and p.s. whoever said that < PROPMALE > cobain is the grandfather of that horribly shitty emo-screamo punk trash is also an idiot . 
well i'm officially my own Guitarist , yay . 
My Chihuahua smells like tortilla chips . 
I’m insanely infuriated right now , it’s because i can't post or say what i want on the internet , and yes i have the type of parents who stalk my facebook < PROPFEMALE > and don't let me state my opinions and complaints because they think that my opinions and complaints would piss people off or make me sound like a weirdo , but i could care less what people think about me nor does it really matter , 
Recording music is way harder than i thought it would be . 
why is it that when < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died everyone in the world knew about it and mourned him yet , when < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio died , no one really gave a shit ??, that's such bullshit , i sure hope that doesn't happen when Iggy Pop or < PROPFIRST > Danzig die . \ 
Oh and also , R&B music is shit in comparison to Metal and Grunge , or any form of rock music for that matter . 
Yay , i get to go to Sulphur and get sunburnt !, oh man i can't wait to get my skin cancer when i'm like 30 . 
Top five songs that get you all rev'd up and ready to Vandalize in the summer time ( my personal preferences)- Holy Diver by Dio , Do you Dig Destruction by Turbonegro , Smells like teen spirit by Nirvana , Break on through by The Doors and then it's always a good a idea to listen to Gangsta Rap made me do it by Ice Cube haha so that if you get arrest you can blame it on gangsta rap haha 
I named my Snorlax Bitchtits . hahahaha , it's the perfect name for a snorlax . 
hahaha Ghana lost ! hahaha Ghana sucks !!!. < PROPFEMALE>'s probably gonna ' win the whole thing . 
I didn't know that Roaches gather in large masses at Wal-Mart . hahaha science channel , hahaha not really hahaha i was at walmart today and all those roaches just swarmed wal-mart . 
Kool-Aid is the Gaterade of the Ghetto . 
Damn you Sharaton Hotels . why do you not have HBO ???!!!. i missed True Blood and will have to wait to see the new episode . why ?!. why would you have Black Stars and Showtime instead of HBO ?. HBO has all the best show's- True Blood , Entourage , Hung , Flight of the Concords . what does Black starts and Showtime have ?? - Dexter , Shitty Porn and some Horrible black < PROPFEMALE > documenturies narrated by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
I don't want to come back down from this cloud , it's taken me all this time to find out what i need . 
Asto thialo re gamato ! = Sugar glider !. it bit me again ! damn you Memnoch !. 
Well our offense played like complete shit . our defense played great , i'm glad we got Darelle back at last . it was a tough loss but we'll improve . I'm a Jet's fan till my death . I've been a Jet's fan my whole life , i'm a not a Bandwagoning Douche like the majority of people . we'll crush the New Englang Fagriots on sunday . J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS ! JETS JETS !. 
The New england fagriots don't suck , they swallow lol . they should be called the New England Chowder Swallowing Fagriots hahaha i hate them . I'm so happy we finally murdered those cheating bastards . haha 28-14 !. it's been a very bi-polar and grungey ride for true Jets fans but we're finally one of the elite teams in the NFL . we'll win the division and the super bowl . J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS ! JETS ! JETS !. 
Turbonegro , The Hives , Misfits , Ramones = Best punk bands ever . 
i hate the miami dolphins , they are such a piss ant little team but anytime they play a division opponent they do good . ugh they piss me off . but we're still gonna win . J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS ! JETS ! JETS !. 
haha fuck you dolphins ! you might as well just give up . you're team is pathetic . 
hahaha yes ! jet's 31 dolphins 23 . now we're 2-1 and we our leading in the division . now we'll shoot the bills next week . J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS ! JETS ! JETS !. 
i'm so insanely happy about the new Hives album , i guess it kind of mellows about my pissyness because of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Helvete leaving Turbonegro . though i'm sure he'll be back with them eventually . and that damn new Hives album better come out before 2015 . 
Let's go shoot those damned Buffalo so we can starve those haitian indians , haha that didn't really make sense but yeah go Jets , go kick some buffalo ass . J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS JETS JETS !. 
So Haiti , my state had an earthquake and it screwed up part of my house , so where's the money !, well haiti are you going to help us ??, we gave you like 22 billion dollars , why haven't you sent us any money ??, the money we sent you was more than enough to completely rebuild you're island ten times over , where the hell are you haiti ?, ok this pisses me off . screw you haiti . 
I use to know this tweaker rabbit named < PROPMALE > Georgios . he was pretty cool . he died of an overdose in the mid 90's . he took a lot of SPEED . 
the world is an evil whore and i'm thee aids that will kill it . 
Why would you want to take a Pull-Out class ??, isin't that method pretty un-safe lol . 
My Damn Lymph Nodes Are Swollen Worse Than A Dragon's Clitoris With Methol chest Rub Rubbed All Over It And My Nose Is As Runny And Sappy As A < PROPFEMALE > In Heat . This Really Sucks , Now I Can't Sing Or Anything For At Least A Week . Winter Time Really Pisses Me Off . 
Fuck yes !. we won !. damn that game was a rush . Jet's win 23-20 in overtime . fuckin ' gnarley , miami and the fagriots both lost . now we're tied for first place in thee afc east . J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS ! JETS JETS !. 
Why Does This Cranberrie Arizona Tea Taste Like Kalamata Olives ? 
well dad if you're gonnna put 12 lbs of butter in the green beans you might as well inject pure fat through a serenge into all our apples too . why cook something healthy then drench it in something so un-healthy ?. damn maybe this is the reason we have the most obese state in the country . 
Damn you < PROPMALE > Whitaker you ate all my Watermelon . 
Well last night i called I-Hop and asked if they had any Baked Horse Fetus with a Savory Chipotle Ranch Stem Cell Sauce and the lady got all pissy and said they don't have it then she < PROPMALE > up on me . 
J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS ! JETS ! JETS !. Holy Elongated Pomegranate Tittie Fuck !, that game was gnarley . i got such a rush from that last scoring drive . i felt like umma < PROPMALE > in pulp fiction when < PROPMALE > vega jabbed her with the adrenaline needle so she'd be revived from her heroin overdose . 
Like my status and i'll tell you that i don't give a FUCK . haha dumbshits . do you honestly thing that ANYONE cares what you think of them ?. 
Tommorow is World Aids day so go out and Spread Aids !. I have < PROPFIRST > Blue Kool-Aids !, which is thee best kind of Aids !. though Tropical Punch Kool-Aids is a close 2nd . Oh and also Apricot Jam and Bertolli Placental Sauce . 
PHUCK 
Man who shot himself in the head is arrested on drunken driving complaints . wtf man how can that be possible ?, he shot himself in the head . 
this french bread is so stale that it's like lembas bread . 
Chihuahua's have a vacume suction force of 1000 pounds per square inch , that's why most abortion clinic's have a few dozen chihuahua's . fetus ' and placental are a staple of the chihuahuan diet . it's true . i watched it on mythbusters . 
Catholic Priest : damn i'd love to screw that kid . \ 
Jewish Rabbi : out of what ?. 
Security guards are way too nosey . 
Youtube annoy's me . it won't simply let you just upload audio files-they have to have pictures added onto them . so dumb . 
Wow ! that game almost gave me a heart attack . i swear being a Jet's fan can be so stressful . i'm just happy they were able to beat the colts this time around . J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS ! JETS ! JETS !. oh and also screw bandwagonners . that includes most oklahoman colts-patriots-viking's and saint's fans . 
haha ! i'm so excited !. we kicked the New England Fagriots ass like i thought we would !. fuck the Fagriots , fuck bandwagoners . i've been a loyal jet's fan my whole life and i've gone through shit with this team and it's been way worth it . we're wining the super bowl without a doubt . J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS ! JETS ! JETS ! 
Down on the street , you drown ' with you're feet . Town is in heat , sound with a seat . if six was nine and styx was mine then could i really feel so fine . Those inside couldn't hide their lies , hoes reside where they couldn't die\ 
that's part of song number two-Puns , which is one of our songs on our upcoming album- Love Punken ' Teen Angst . \ 
No-Zen ( < PROPFIRST > Pledger and < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ) 
< PROPMALE > Goldblum's gonna play Jesus in the movie- < PROPMALE > OF THE JEWS !. haha that's gonna be so interesting and awesome to watch haha . 
J ! E ! T ! S ! JETS ! JETS ! JETS !. i'm excited for the game . i'm still a fan till my marrow\ 
even if they lose though i'm pretty sure they'll be able to pull this one off . just have to stay steady and consistent . 
WhY cAn'T i SlEeP !. wElL wHy CaN'T i EvEr GeT tO sLeEp BeFoRe 2 aM . 
PuNk RoCk ! 
stuck up puntakis ' and < PROPFIRST > fetided boustokepalos ' just enjoy you're fun in the sun because someday it'll be vice versa and you'll be the one's at the bottom of the pit begging me and i'll just laugh-deny you and happily watch you inevitably crash and burn 
drop you're loser jock boyfriends , they can't care for you like a musician can . oh and also , peel off the spray tans .... hahaha you're not < PROPFEMALE > cruz .... and you're not fooling anyone . that's my two denarikos ' for the night . 
some individuals really depress-irritate and piss me off . but this is why i'm happy i have my own musical sun baked lavender field to dive into when people start acting like the feeble minded apes they truly are . 
it's too cold to Vandalize . 
you're a whore and you're a < PROPMALE > . i'm bitter so i'll have smores on sticks . \ 
true i may say things that are dis-tasteful but in all honesty i could smirk less , i'm gonna just fuck the duck and be blunt : most of you piss me off . and i have plenty of reasons to be pissed . ps .. again .... it's my own observation ..... not a damn quote .... i'm not a lazy mindless ape conformist fuck . 
I'm oh so very happy . i think i love everyone on the world . from the starving haitian children to all the stuck up preppie cunts of the world . i love strawberry's and rabbits , rainbows and unicorns . everything is zen . :) :) hahaha 
< PROPFIRST > j . Fox doesn't have Parkinsons disease ..... he's just on Speed haha . \ 
oh and also , damn you < PROPFIRST > Franco ..... i don't want any of you're Weed . 
pissed-irritated-sad . do i complain too much ?. it's un-fair , i'm un-deserving of this . why ?. this is dumb . pointless . really ?. oh . i don't care . haha trust me , you're fun in the sun will come to an end too . oh very soon . i'm smirking with joy . i can't wait . you'll get bitten too . then you'll know what it's like . then i won't help you . well i'm gonna go finish my orange juice now . i need vitamins , i'm sick so help me . 
almost two years ago that girl busted my heart's hymen . i can still feel it . it stings 
now here's a Holy water and salt water concoction to nullifie the bad energy and a lavender scented candle to fumigate the air with a zen < PROPFEMALE > . 
all that black eyed pea music sucks . that halftime show was horrid . they should have had < PROPFIRST > white or iggy pop perform , then the show would have been rancid . the game was good cause the fucking cheater steelers lost . i'm still fuming over all the bulllshit cheat plays the ref's allowed them against us/jets . 
i was at the panera bread parking lot with my padros trying to get my car started ...... \ 
My Padros- ok , look at the engine when i turn the ignition and listen if it turn's over . \ 
Me- Turnover's ........ damn those are delicious ... i love arby's!\ 
My Padros- for fuck's sake son , get you're head out of the clouds\ 
why did he yell at me !, what i said was funny ., some people take life too seriously . 
Gannicus look's insanely like < PROPMALE > Rossdale . 
i'm really irritated with stuff right now , getting obliterated sound's kind of delicious at the moment . 
Spartacus is the best series ever , maybe as good as True Blood . i'm so glad that gannicus won his freedom . i'm really sad that < PROPMALE > whitfield got cancer and can't continue on the show but this new guy look's just like him so hopefully he'll be a convincing spartacus . and i was pretty fond of asher but now i'm 100% convinced that he's a douche-cunt . 
Why does everybody ask where i'm from ?, apparently i have a west coast-northern accent . i've heard people ask if i'm from california , philadelphia and even canada . \ 
it's odd cause i've lived in oklahoma my whole life . though i do have alot of friends and family from different states so , their acccents may have rubbed off on me 
gnikcuf tnuc 
Fetido Mounee !...... yukis !!! 
In my life i don't have much zen or happiness , which is why i named my band No-Zen . it's kind of ironic because when i'm jamming out with my band < PROPMALE>'s i'm happy . at the moment i've got infinate contentment . 
anyway this friday we're recording our 10th-14th songs to finish off our album then in april record them on a backtracker and make a bunch of demo cd's and send them into a fuck ton of okc record labels and get signed . anyway our name is No-Zen and the album name as of now is- Love Punken ' Teen Angst 
hop onto a radioactive-time teleporting- japanese godzilla and let him take you back to some random sun baked lavendar field in ancient < PROPFEMALE > . if that were possible i'd pick a field close to a spring and i'd make an oak cabin . all i would do is sit in the sun , smell the lavendar and jam out . that is my paradise . 
American Idol is so fucking FAKE . 
Oh Well , Whatever , Nevermind . that is how i feel about you're species right now ..... such a waste of time . completely fucking ridicilous how most of you act . does everything have to be so dog damn difficult ?. well anyway , you know who you are so here's a message \Fuck You \"." 
Even if i were a black fellow who was a gangster rapper , i still wouldn't speak or write in Ebonics . it make's no sense and just makes the people who use it look like ignorant apes . in all honesty latin is more easily undertood than ebonics . 
I just found out why people think i do acid and a bunch of other drugs !, it's cause everytime i talk , i talk nervously and words come out awkwardly for some reason . oh and also cause i have a so called \high smile\ " or a \ " crazed look\ " . i think the nervousness stem's from my depression so it's something i can't help . i'm also very monotone and have a supposed \ " surfer-stoner-west coast\ " accent . " 
I hate it when you get sick and then you're throat's sore for a week and it get's all < PROPMALE > and you have to break in you're vocal chords ' hymen again .... damn it's sucky . 
holy tzatziki !..... i shouldn't have done that . 
Why smoke marijuana when i can just listen to Sublime ?. haha really , their music is marijuana in noise form . 
cops are so damn nosey .... i got in a lot of trouble . might not be on here for a while , might have to delete my account . probably getting my license taken away , im not allowed to go anywhere nor is anyone allowed to come see me . text me for details . i don't know why they can't get that it was TEA not POT . 
