I like the coffee . Definately . 

cannot wait until Labor Day . 
I am addicted to Coffee . And i am very jittery . 
The Drawing of the Three 
If < PROPFIRST > had a baby girl tonight , I would name her Rock n Roll . 
How bout them Braves ? 
between the buried and me always centers me . like right now , so centered before work . 
is tired of people . 
really wants to go swimming . 
needs to win the lottery 
I love dishonest people . 
braves and minnesota at 2 . yesss 
lame 
Why does soccer not have video replay ? You'd think in a sport where 1 goal is as precious and rare as it it that they would have it . I mean if < PROPMALE > hadn't scored that rebound goal USA would be going home . Due to another botched call 
Go Gamecocks !!!! 
I'm an ass . 
If < PROPFEMALE > had a baby boy tonight , I would name him rock n roll 
Destroy everything ! 
I miss old times . kinda 
a friend in need is a friend indeed . a friend with weed is better . a friend with breasts and all the rest a friend that's dressed in leather . 
be sure you set your feet in the right place and then stand firm . 
wish I had some good friends . 
haha 
super stressed 
everything I've felt over the last 12 yrs has been buried within . frustration . desperation . boiling pt 
we are just mortal souls left to die 
betrayal stings the soul . ouch . 
everytime I sleep here I get fucked w 
fuck everything and everybody 
clam chowda 
who am I ? petey < PROPMALE > mother fucker ! 
let's bring out the shotguns . were going to town 
I disrespect those who disrespect me and only those who disrespect me . and famous ppl don't count . 
trying to sherlock holmes me 
bored as all get out at work . new mngmnt don't know how to cut ! 
anyone know a place I could crash for a night ? 
grandparents in the waiting womb suck ! 
got the rest of the day off . no ider how to spend it 
sometimes it feels like ... somebodys waatchin me ... hmm ... 
I need a break from reality . 
starting to enjoy being the bad guy . 
< PROPMALE > hudson is my hero 
just got the newcastle mini keg ! hope its good ! 
life is too short to care wat ppl say or think about you . 
6 pack o smithwicks and tiger woods pga tour . gonna b a good day . motha fucka I'm chillll ! 
braves just rbi'd now just 1 back in top of 8th ! 
madullah oblangata 
words are feminine , deeds are masculine- Baltasar Gracian 
sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status word for word just to see if they'll notice 
Haiden < PROPFIRST > Vande Brake will be with us very soon ! 
I'm a dad ! 
baby is doing great ! thx everybody 
are you a FB addict ? spend more than an 2 hrs a day on FB ? do you post something 10 times a day ? if so you can find help . 
beware of the indians . they don't tip 
He drinks the coffee . He drinks the coffee that he likes . 
ML 
BRIAN\ 
\ 
Filled with mingled cream and amber\ 
I will drain that glass again . \ 
Such hilarious visions clamber\ 
Through the chambers of my brain\ 
-Quaintest thoughts -queerest fancies\ 
Come to life and fade away ;\ 
Who cares how time advances ? \ 
I am drinking ale today . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Poe 
I have a bad feeling about today . I need some good luck . 
I've never loved any person like i love Haiden . This boy has brought me back to life . 
A woman at the gas station just asked if I was babysitting . 
boiler up ! 
is love really the key ? 
anybody gonna be in 5 pts ? 
mood > apathetic 
