“Nothing is built on stone ; all is built on sand , but we must build as if the sand were stone” ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Borges 

is out of town and without all wireless or satellite networks for the next 5-10 day , while camping . Love you all and talk to you soon !!! 
May < PROPMALE > Kennedy Rest In Peace 
and so , good night , and good luck . 
Wow . People remembered my Birthday !!! :) Thanks guys ! 
Hell and Damnation reck havoc on the intolerable soul of the officious person of questionable moral standing who has so infidelishly rendered my night into a land of thoughts filled of words and phrases , idioms and quotes , and may this heathen drown in the sorrows of existence . * stops raging * Bloody Essay . Bloody Teacher . Sigh ... Deep breaths ... ok , fine , awesome teacher . Still . That . Was . Not . Nice !!! 
Sigh . Everyone needs to read Borges . He is something else . 
is waiting till friday to see how he did on his Calc Midterm ! 
is sick and is about to check his calc midterm grade . 
has found out that grades have not been posted yet . sigh . time to write that essay then ... 
Well , not to brag or anything , but my Mid-Term grade was an 86 , 14 points higher than the class average of 72 . I have happy news all , I could get a B in the class !!!!!!! Wow . Getting excited about a ' b ' is a new feeling . 
Morals ........ 
“Literature is not exhaustible , for the sufficient and simple reason that a single book is not . A book is not an isolated entity : it is a narration , an axis of innumerable narrations . One literature differs from another , either before or after it , not so much because of the text as for the manner in which it is read . ” < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Borges . On a lighter note , of to get my final for calc back ! Wish me luck . 
133 out of 150 on Calc Final . Avg : 103 . ~ SD : 29 . Total Grade in Class : B !!!!! Happy happy happy happy ! I got a grade higher than a B on my final in Latin , don't know the exact grade though . Final Latin grade : B+ !!!!!! Happy Happy Happy !!!! Lol , never thought I'd have to fight for a B . The taste is certainly bittersweet . 
“I cannot walk through the suburbs in the solitude of the night without thinking that the night pleases us because it suppresses idle details , just as our memory does . ” ~ Jorge < PROPFIRST > Borges 
I hate time zones . 
Why hello me , I'm alive ! Oh . My . God . You have go to be kidding me . No actualy , I'm not . I'm not sure if I'm happy about all this . I don't care . 
“Any life is made up of a single moment , the moment in which a man finds out , once and for all , who he is . ” ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Borges 
is getting tired of all of it . Companies that run Democracies , Democracies that hide despotic Dictators , Dictators who claim to be upholding Morals , Morals that only stretch as far as is Convenient , Convenience ruling the minds and bodies of People , People who only stare at the Facebook pages of Friends , Friends who only revel in Drama , Drama that consumes all the News , and News that is run by seven Companies . 
Today I live , Today I die , Today I laugh , Today I cry . Today , I am , As I always am , Today 
1/3 
2/3 
88 & 86 
3/3 
how the bloody f-ing hell did this bloody holiday sneek up on me ! GAH !!!! 
I hate Quizes . I hate Science Fair more . 
0/3 
3/4 
4/4 
I hate the SAT , Partial Sums , the Passive Subjunctive mood , adverbs , General Moltke , General Joffre , Military Necessity , the Re-Arangement Theorem , the Limit Comparison Test , Semi-Deponent Verbs , Power Series , and Colleges . I also hate 4 of the 6 Infinitives , Factorials , Procrastination , Annoying Music , Corporate < PROPFEMALE > , Smart-Ass College Students , Partial Fractions , four to five hour Flights , and Gravity . 
When college hunting , one should be able to actually shoot the college . It would make the experience so much more rewarding . 
* Whistles * 
Well , at least I've gotten some good amount of things done this week . Actually , what the hell , I've gotten tons done ! Yay ! Ugh . Except it is midnight . Ugh . Bloody midnight . Wow . < PROPFEMALE > -ing much Ry ? Ugh , yep Ry . Case . Point . And where did that bloody saying come from ? Law ?? < PROPFEMALE > is a besotted ass . And I'm a pumpkin ! 
Behind me lay the burnt innards , still writhing in the eternal flame of their scribbled damnation . The scalpel in my hand was as of yet dripping graphite , betraying it's recent endeavor . A smile spread across my face . Ahhh , the joy of crushing the life force from a midterm . 
ridebam , nunc tamen austerissimum meus vultum est , at cras , cras regatorem de meus corpis animique illorum fierebam . 
...... ugh ...... zzzzzzzz ....... 
2/5 
3/5 
5/5 Finally ... 
Ugh . In the last three hours I have re-written over 2000 words for my Yunasa App . This is why I never re-read my essays if I can help it ...... I wonder how long it will take for the caffeine to work its way out of my system ... Ugh .... 
Done . Finally done with all edits for all four of the bloody , gods forsaken , introspective , emotionally draining , and intellectually grueling essays . I would be more happy if I was only more alive . Ugh ................ 
Ahhhhh .... The app is sent out , my committee is almost all set up , my room is finally clean , and my neck is feeling better . :D 
I have 32 passive constructions in my Grad . Proposal . * sigh * I am so going to bed now . If anyones make fun of me for this , I will ruthlessly edit some piece(s ) of writing of said individual . You know who YOU are . 
is happy . Everything is better with no school ! Except for JourneyEd , who is going to get to deal with a very very very VERY irate Ry monday at 8:01 EST , except , oh , memorial day .... Tuesday then ! Seriously , I placed my order two weeks ago with two day shipping , and it never came .. Grrrr ... 
Just finished spending the day with my Aunt ! She doesn't like my cooking ! Harumph !!! Lol , still a very very fun day ! 
\Agent Marks 
\Fruit bowl ? Nice touch . \ " \ 
Everyday should be like yesterday . 
Hmmmm . Given how helpful MATLAB is , I just might enjoy this experience ! * wipes brow * 
\Ok 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is one of the most versatile , believable , and provocative actors I have ever had the pleasure of seeing on air . And < PROPFIRST > Storkin , despite being a total jerk , can write like non other . Kudos to both . Studio 60 forever ....... 
Mmmmmmm .... Iced tea ! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ... 
Wow . What an awesome game . Good for Japan . And Paraguay , considering that their population is 7 mil ! Can't wait to see Portugal's defenders rip spain to pieces .... or not ! 
I have a feeling it's bye bye Portugal ...... tear ... 
made the < PROPFIRST>'s list at CU Boulder ! As in the good < PROPFIRST>'s list , not the other one ;P 
mmmmmmmmmm .... Rhubarb Juice !!! 
Tubing ! and Yacht Clubbing ! ( even though that is a truly improper gerund . ) Steamboating ! :) 
fml 
Tired . 
I'm Back !!!!!! And MATLAB welcomes me home . Bloody hell . 
< PROPMALE > . Music really can make a movie ... I didn't actually believe that ... 
Sigh . I never realized how much I love boulder till I started to venture away . Isn't that the way of life ... 
Today , yesterday rather , was incredibly , sincerely , ubiquitously , bothersomly , beguilingly , ( ya right ! ) particularly boring . Ugh . 
OMG !!!! I can mostly kinda sorta drive ! And I went up and down flagstaff twice ! My hair is a little more gray , but not to bad , all things considered . 
Ahhhh . The third real day of class and I'm up finishing a write-up . Life is right , and math is full of laughs . 
\You know what ? You've got spunk . I hate spunk ! \"" 
Thief's get < PROPMALE > , saints get shot , and God don't answer prayers a lot . 
Haha ! I have defeated CAPA for the week ! Or , rather , until 8 AM when the system updates . DAM YOU CAPA !!!! Dam your hideously complicated over-weighted time-sucking self ! 
Fire .... Ouch . No matter what ends up happening , a lot of people will be harmed . I hope at least all the people and dogs and cats got out ... 
I just spent an hour and a half proving that if you shine a laser pointer at a spherical mirror just right , it will blind you ! I love calc . 
Fuck . I'm spending an hour and a half re-writing and correcting my prof showing that if you shine a laser pointer at an < PROPFEMALE > at a mirror , you won't get blinded . Thank God for thursdays . 
I need an extra 4 hours in each day . 
Tandem fiat . 
I never though write up's would be helpful in higher mathematics . I was wrong ! 
Friday , and all my homework is , like , totally , done ! Sweet ! Now I just get to read four chapters of Duffie Beckman . Sigh ... 
OMG !!! I'm 17 !!! Lol ... Tks all ! 
Guess who scored +2 SD(s ) on their calc midterm ? Moi ??? Oh no , why so kind of you to say it , but really , I mean , really , I don't deserve all that much praise . Well , yes , I do , lol . It has taken one whole year , but I am finally back on top . Thank God . 
All hail the Sibelius Concerto !!! 
Is it wrong that Dead Like Me brings me solace ? 
So Saturday I woke up at 4:30 for the SAT , then edited my eighth draft of my CA Long , and then other homework , then today I had some baguette , a bit more baguette , some more baguette , a ton of homework , and then fought with mathematica over 2D-3D interlacing . I lost . Oh , and Stats is done . 
GAHHHHHH !!!!! STUPID FRICKING TRIG SUB !!!!! This was bad in calc 1 . Now , with double and triple integrals ? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!! 
May Faraday and Ampere die in a painful and gruesome manner . Oh right , they lived 200 years ago ! Mission Accomplished ! 
I just found 5 Centimeters per Second streaming online . I am so unbelievably depressed , after only 5 minuets . 
1 : Can you read ? 2 : Can you differentiate between + and - ? 3 : Can you remember which is your right hand ? If your answer to 1 , 2 , and 3 is yes , than congratulations , you passed the Physics Midterm ! 
The paramount question to ask before beginning a Jacobian Substitution : Would you prefer to be buried or cremated ? 
I'm a rebel ! I saw two movies for the price of one today ! Muahahahaha !!! 
I have had it up to here with College Apps ! The decentralization of electronic infrastructure in academia of all places is truly disheartening ! Historically speaking , academia is a forerunner in these types of movements , and the commercial , let alone governmental , corollary presents a rather unpleasant picture . 
I don't know why , but I feel really dumb right now ... I haven't even done anything ... I haven't even NOT done anything !!! 
Well , dumb I may be , but I'm still north of 90 on my last calc 3 midterm ! This is ineffable proof that yours truly can integrate ! SO THERE ! 
I got a 730 on my SAT 2 Physics test ... People must have really blown on the test for me to get that high a score ... Ouch ! 
Hell is far to small a price to pay . 
Please look at this organization , DESERTEC , a group dedicated to meeting the worlds energy needs using large Concentrating Solar Power Plants , a viable , workable , and currently feasible technology , far more so than PV or Wind . On my wall are two links to a synopsis and overview of their plan . 
Gah ... 
I officaly got a 98 on my Calc Three Midterm ! :D 
Longest 19 hours of my life ... 
Wow , longest 19 hours of my life followed by three of the most satisfying . Note to self - real school work for next 8 months , DONE !!! 
hmmmmmm ... 
God defend me from my friends ; from my enemies I can defend myself . 
\It was me ; always me . \"" 
I have slowly come to loath unit conversions . and 2s . In-fact , I think the world would be better off without any such thing as 2 ! 
Midnight Miracles ... wow ... 
I Love LayTeX !!! 
I Love LaTeX !!! 
\Is this about a boy ? \ " \ 
So close ! So gods be-dammed close ! GAHHHHH ! I can almost taste it ! 
WHERE THE FUCK IS MY COMMON APP LONG ESSAY FINAL !!!!!!! GGGGGAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! 
DONE !!! 
18 portions of Coq au Vin later ... 
hmmm ... I really should get to know artists ... 
There must fabulous group theory around Facebook behaviors ... 
I think I need a new statues picture ... I no longer feel like mr. cow . sad face ... 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!! 
I have had one hell of a disappointing day . Also , Boulder food culture has officially committed suicide . Except maybe for the Kitchen ... 
Days when bad stuff happens are survivable . But days when nothing good happens are well beyond my abilities to cope with . 
To all the friends I have been ... for lack of a better term , avoiding . I still love you , and finally have tons of time to talk ! So talk we must , and will ! Please take note , this should be read with a highly apologetic tone in my voice , as in me apologizing for my lack of making time . I don't know if that last sentence made sense , but if so , I'm sorry !!! 
I didn't even realize it was the state of the union tonight ... 
I made the first of two cuts for < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I really hate tv . It sucks , big time . Also , modern day football sucks . What happened to the good ol ' five yard pass ? And the 70 yard terminator ? seriously , this world is going to hell in a hand basket ! 
I've have absolutely no NVHS homework ........... I really just don't know what to do with myself anymore ... 
How the hell did the value of corn double in the last year ? 
Dear Raffaello , \ 
You are fricking fantastic , and a scapegoat for more of my essays than truly good . I love you , and your Machiavelli countenance ! After all , no one can really be that nice ! \ 
Your humble servant , \ 
Ry 
Gah !!! 
So excited !!! 8 hours and 43 minutes ! 
Wow ... Talk about going from a euphoria to nausea . Thoughts and heartfelt prayers go out to the people of Christchurch . I hope we , ( the U . S . ) hold our place in the world and send some S&R teams ... 
After 12 hours of cleaning , having the vacume come apart on me as I was walking down stairs , fixing up some uncertainty analysis faux-paus , adding in another section and two graphs to my report , discovering some awesome music , and writing this post , I'm having one hell of a productive day ! 
Well , that was extremely fun !!! Here's to the < PROPMALE > W . < PROPMALE > College of Engineering Awesomeness ! 
Barismo : It will change your life ! 
I GOT INTO < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Halfway down Pallavicini , I realize I never buckled my boots . I immediately felt better about my skiing ability . 
I seriously just spent 45 minutes trying to fix a line drawing . I mean , it looks way better , but still ... 
I love Dvorak's 8th ... Sighs happily ... 
