So I have no exciting New Years < PROPFEMALE > plans .. woo ! 

cant believe the weekend is over already ! 
no one should ever have to dread going \home\ " .. and I do " 
hate my life right now 
wondering why i wanted to go back to school ... 
feeling lost and unsure of how to find my way back to reality . 
working 1:30 - 9:30 -- txt me !! 
moving to my other aunts ! yay 
What will happen next ?? 
working tonight then off to b.c. to chill with my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had an AMAZING night last night !! 
life is your creation 
sunburned as hell !! 
quite content with life 
chillin with my < PROPFEMALE > 
nothing to do ... 
sweet !!! verizon is sending me a new phone cuz mine is a P.O.S ! 
thinking .. should i go or should i stay ? 
can't wait to see how tomorrow goes !! 
fucking awesome night !!! 
Woot ! New phone !! 
really ?? close and then open ?? that's like a whopping 5 hours of sleep ! 
kinda starting to freak out ! 
happy to be home :D 
i freaking love this weather !!!!!! 
is thinking i really need a shower ! 
home !!! :) 
sleepy and can't wait for the weekend !!! 
has WAY too many things on my mind !!!! 
Tonsilitis and a fever of 101 ! no wonder i feel like crap ! 
another day of class and then i see my boy !! 
i hate homework !!! 
dont wanna go to work ! but party tonight !! 
Class , work , work , class ... SO NOT EXCITED !! 
i really want my salad !!! 
Texas Roadhouse with Steph tonight !!! yay ! 
i hate homework .. How do i have so much and only 4 classes ?? 
Hoping that I am really one of the luckiest girls ! 
I am so glad I have a worm phobia ! Walking into class today I almost got an anxiety attack ! 
i hate homework ! and i really really dont wanna do it ! 
happy to have 3 days off this week 
really really hates my intro to computers class 
thinking .. . You better snatch me while you can cuz I'm not going to wait to find out if this could be something . 
FINALLY DONE WITH MY HOMEWORK FOR THE DAY !!! 
thinking .. . You better snatch me while you can cuz I'm not going to wait forever to find out if this could be something . 
pissed off cuz i lost a set of earrings i JUST bought !! 
CAN NOT CAN NOT CAN NOT WAIT FOR TONIGHT !! woot !!!! 
just got one of thee GREATEST backrubs EVER ! 
soooo ready to go bowling ! woot ! 
really dont wanna do my homework 
aaahhh .. finally time for bed ! 
You know its going to be a good day when you wake up with a smile on your face ! 
seriously think i'm going to explode right now !! - in a good way 
can't wait for tonight !! 
FUUUUUCCCKKKK homework 
everyone's taking naps and i'm bored 
greatest night ever ! 
tomorrow's gonna suck ! not looking forward to my 4:30 morning ! 
i'm sore and i really want < PROPFEMALE > garden !! 
something tells me today is a day of truth ... good deal ! 
not wanting to go to work ... 
tired n i have to read a couple chapters .. not a good combination ! 
Dear Agony , just let go of me . Suffer slowly , is this the way it's got to be ? Dear Agony ... - Breaking < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > .. i somehow managed to grab somone else's keys today . Don't know where and don't know how but all that matters is I did . So .. if you lost a set of keys , I would check with WIT security . That's where i took them cuz thats my only guess as to where I picked them up ! 
my head hurts and i gotta do some homework ... 
goin to bed ... hangover's suck donkey's < PROPMALE > !! and yes , i just said that ! 
fucking assholes !!! 
Has realized you really aren't something to cry about and if you're mother only knew , she would probably be very disappointed 
this is possibly the angriest i've ever been . warning to all men : stay away ! 
i'm so fucking done with men !!!!! 
doing homework !! no one distract me ! 
FINALLY !!! a good day ! Woot 
stupid heartburn ! really tired ! and facebook sucks !! 
thinking I am going to be coming to Cedar Rapids very very soon ! 
lots to do today ... 
can't wait to go sit in my mom's hot tub tonight !! 
so didnt sit in the hot tub cuz my mom managed to piss me off yet again ! 
i would like to repeat previous statement : boys are stupid !!! 
really just wants a day off from work and school on the same day !! 
Dear Agony , just let go of me . Suffer slowly . Is this the way it's got to be ? Don't bury me faceless enemy . I'm so sorry . Is this the way it's got to be , dear Agony ? 
has to work ALLLLL day 
just got home from a long , long day ! 
great ! I think I have pink eye !! 
i got my happy pills again !!!!!! WOO 
I will remember you . Will you remember me ? 
There's nothing left of you , I can see it in your eyes . 
got a bad headache and gotta work today :( 
i really miss you ! 
going to bed ! feel free to text me ! 
feeling like today is not going to be a good day ... already thinking of you :( 
hmm .. what to do on my day off . Anybody have any suggestions ? 
playing guitar hero and then going to ride with my bro in the combine ! it's been a successful day off from school and work ! can't wait to go bowling tomorrow ! 
super freaking excited for tonight and saturday !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > FREAKING EXCITED ! 
:D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
so I walk outside to get in my car and there's snow .. Great ! 
thinkin its time for bed ! big night tomorrow !! 
Got an early morning ahead of me and a late night with < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! 
Super excited for tonight ! 
is content ! 
class at 11 then work til 9:30 and then hopefully i get to see < PROPFIRST > ... 
i really hate school 
about to spend some time with < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Had a super amazing time with < PROPFIRST > tonight !! 
excited for tomorrow and tuesday ! thank god for a good beginning to the week ! 
its time for a nap !! 
Really ? Jelly and cheese sandwiches ? FML ! 
super tired .. should probably start going to bed at a decent time 
And every time you fall apart , well you can hide here in my arms , and you can count on me to hold you till that feeling is gone ! 
cant wait to go to des moines in a couple weeks !!! 
Super excited for tonight !! Haven't been able to party in weeks -- and I get to do it with < PROPFIRST > ! 
trying to motivate myself to do some homework ! 
WOOO !!! done with homework for the week ! 
sore and bruised ... 
< PROPFEMALE > says I'm a dork .. all the time :) -- I agree ! 
sooo ... i just dropped my phone on my face and it landed on my tooth/lip and now my lip's bleeding .. great ! 
feeling super lucky ! 
Went to the chiropracter tonight and I feel SOOO much better ! * fingers crossed * hopefully no more headaches ! 
tired and not too happy at the moment .. Maybe tomorrow will be a better day ! 
Super ready for bed but waiting for the sheets to get done drying ! 
can't wait til next weekend !!! friday , saturday , and sunday are going to be amazing !!! 
Ready for a vacation ! Not wanting to go to school or work !! -- and all I'm doing there is reading to become a bather ! ha !! 
... class is super lame ! why am i in school again ?? 
:) :) :) :) :) Jamie's on his way here !!! 
busy few days ahead of me ... 
hahahahhahahahhahaha ... some people are fucking retarded ! and it totally makes my day sometimes .. 
Vacation time !!! 
My baby's thee best !!!!! 
Upclose and Personal ! 
I DO NOT WANT TO GO BACK TO REALITY !! 
hmm ... i better start focusin on school .. apparently i'm not doin so well ... 
I miss < PROPFIRST > ... :( 
i freaking hate migraines !!! 
Super tired ... 
F*@ #ING snow !!! 
Time for bed ! Work tomorrow , Friday , then the big family christmas Saturday ! Can't wait to have < PROPFIRST > meet my crazy family !! 
growing tired of these back spasms !! 
So I'm super glad Keelie's car is a tank cuz my car definitely would not have made it to Omaha and back ! 
Wishing I didn't have to be up at 4 tomorrow and Tuesday !! 
Oh how I love being up at 4 in the morning ! I can't wait to move back to S.C !!! 
So glad I got up at 4 so I could find out I am still snowed in in B.C. 4 hours later ! 
home for the night and excited to have the day off tomorrow ! 
And I would swim across the ocean , A thousand < PROPMALE > to get to you - Default 
woo ! i think i have a bladder infection ! f*$ ! ing great ! 
gotta work tonight , then tomorrow morning ! hit me up if u wanna do anything wednesday night !! 
got to spend the night with my man :) ... Not looking forward to bein snowed in tomorrow !! 
we've officially had enough snow to make roofs collapse !! guess i wont be going to work anytime soon ... 
Petsmart's roof collapsed , most of the animals are okay ! I can't believe this happened ! Don't know what I am going to do about money right now ! 
is wondering if I should attempt to go to Schleswig tonight ? 
WHAT THE HELL AM I GOING TO DO FOR 4 MONTHS !!!!!! 
What a week ! PetSmart's roof collapses so I am temporarily out of a job !, Snowed in today as well , and I have to fix my car because the snow didn't allow me stop so I need a new bumper ! 
Today has officially been dubbed The Day The Snow Ate Our Work Day ! by the PetSmart crew ! Love you guys and will miss you all dearly for the next few months ! 
it's my second day off for a very long vacation ! Today , I think I shall try new recipes ! 
Day #3 .. being a bum ! But that's what Saturdays are for anyway ! 
AHHH I AM GOING CRAZY WITHOUT A JOB !!! 
is having a hard time motivating myself to do something ! ah well , its only Monday ! 
really people ?? come on already ! 
super jealous that my boyfriend gets to go to the san < PROPMALE > zoo and i don't! :( 
So it's only been 2 days and I really miss < PROPFIRST > ! 
I fucking love < PROPFIRST > but it's probably time for me to get ready and start cleaning !!! 
Getting super excited to pick up < PROPFIRST > from the airport !! 
dang heartburn !... 
been up since 5 and have to attempt to go to sioux city this morning to fix my car ! woo 
< PROPFEMALE > ... its a freaking white out ! 
I miss working !! :( 
Woot !! Got a temp job at Subway ! Excited to be working again ! 
waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get off work ! Stupid pizza hut 
Snickers is all cuddled up on the couch .. Tired lil pup !!! 
not the happiest camper tonight ... 
:D 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Mefferd , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Bjorholm , Shalimar Adaime , Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
Super happy .. It turns out my doctors ARE covered under my insurance !! SAWEET !!!! 
good first night back at Subway ! ready for round 2 tomorrow ! 
the combination of a migraine , back spasms , and relearning a job are keeping me awake ! bum deal ! 
Dear Facebook , Please stop changing the layout ! It's confusing , annoying , and pointless ! Thank you ! < PROPFEMALE > 
my thumb hurts :( 
Busy night at work .. goin in early tomorrow . and then maybe i will get to see my mama !! 
my computer sucks 
really missing work and all the animals ! 
Anyone know of apartments in Sioux City that allow cats ? 
Goin to get groceries for Easter dinner .. Woo ! 
I swear I just can't get ahead ! 
Hosting first Easter dinner ! Woot ! I think I'm officially a grown up ! Happy Easter everyone ! 
Can't wait til May !!! sooooo ready to go back to work 
I KILLED TIPPY !! :( ! it got too cold in the house :( 
May 1st .. going to be an amazing day ! Can't wait !!! 
First day back at petsmart !!!! YAY ! 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > to come over .. Wondering if its gonna happen sometime this decade ! 
OOOOWWWWW !!! just woke up with a mega killer headache ! 
Cant find my debit card !!! :S 
Store reopens tomorrow !! Woot Woot !! 
EVERYONE : There's a site called Spokeo.com that's a new online phone\ 
book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB\ 
or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age , etc . You can\ 
remove yourself by first searching for yourself on their site to find\ 
the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , then go to the Privacy button on the bottom of their < PROPFEMALE > to remove yourself . Copy & repost ! 
On my way to work ! first day opened and i cant wait !! \ 
SPREAD THE WORD ! PETSMART IS OPEN ! 
Its nights like these when i miss the red baron ! 
Hmm ... working overtime and i'm still broke ! How does that work ?! 
Yay ! Back to a normal work schedule ! Finally routine in my life again ! 
Wishing i had the money to move !!! 
Can I play hookie today ? Not looking forward to shitty air conditioning and the mobs of people on a Saturday ! 
Sooo ... apparently it rained last night .. and thundered and made lots of noise ! I must have been super duper tired !! 
havent had a weekend day off since we reopened .. sure would be nice to get one ! 
So i am told that having a positive attitude can change your life . so today i shalll appreciate having a fun job that gives me 40 hrs a week ! :) 
Hmmm .. what's on my mind ?... absolutely nothing ! 
So maybe its just me but if u own a charger you should not have a handicapped sign posted anywhere on that vehicle ! 
Quote for the night : < PROPFEMALE > \What's in it ? \ " < PROPFIRST > \ " Don't worry about it . Just drink it . \ " < PROPFEMALE > \ " What's in it !? \ " < PROPFIRST > \ " Roofie colada . Just drink it ! \"" 
People need to stay out of my life unless they are invited in . I do not appreciate having someone try to ruin my relationships ! 
So just increased my security .. Now maybe a certain someone will leave me & my man the F alone ! 
hmm .. i should go to bed .. but i think i shall wait another hour ! 
Sllleeeeeeeppppp ! 
So .. i would really like some sleep but my headache thinks differently and insists on pounding against my forehead ! 
Its hoppin .... 
tired and wishing i didnt have to work tomorrow ... 
I really hate being broke ... 
Things seem to be looking up : Had a good paycheck this week and my mom is gonna start paying me $10/hr to clean her house for approximately 5 hours a week .. An extra $200 a month , I think I can handle that !! 
Sleep should be super fun with this massive headache .,. 
I can't wait to move !! Looking at a house in Lawton on Monday .. Woot Woot ! 
* Cross Fingers * I really want that house in Lawton !! 
i don't understand why people who are pissed at the world need to take it out on everyone else . I didnt do anything to piss you off ! 
Not a happy camper tonight ... 
Getting sick of this drive and am < PROPFEMALE > ready to move . unfortunately we still dont have the house for sure ! 
I am < PROPFEMALE > looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow ! woot woot ! 
currently hating men .. 
Going to the doctor so i can go back on my happy pills ! 
Hurry up & figure your sh ! t out so I can stop being a mess ... but then again thats not all that likely cuz pretty sure the trust has left the building ! 
i am not perfect , and i don't claim to be . and if thats what you wanted then I am so sorry . How ' bout a better version of the way that i am ? how bout a better version that makes me understand ? how bout a better version the way that i am , the way i look , the way i speak ? how bout a better version of me ? 
and i am back to just wanting to know what the flip is going ! gaaahaahhhh !!!!!!!!! 
Tired .... wanna go to bed but i need to talk to you 
Feeling better ... but still have questions .. 
I've lost 5.5 lbs in 3 days . THANK YOU < PROPFIRST > ! 
I'm starin down the barrell of . 45 , swimmin through the ashes of another life . No real reason to accept the way things have changed . Starin down the barrel of a . 45 . 
Watching CopOut with < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Feeling very lost ... 
I hate this feeling ... not wanting to do anything .. 
A txt or phone call would be nice just so i can get my stuff . 
Woo ! he's starting to th7ink he made a big mistake ! not that it matters but it makes me feel a < PROPMALE > bit better ! 
Workin all day .. at least it will keep my mind off things 
I'm starting to miss you and I wish I could tell you but I must stay strong ... 
Driving to work and sad to see the fields are changing . can't believe summer is over and winter is just around the corner again ... time goes by much too fast . 
:( 
It's my day off and I had planned to do stuff and I just don't have the motivation .. Seriously hate this . 
So ... i am going to start bowling monday night league since i'm not moving and no boyfriend to spend my time with ... 
I dont know how to do this without you ... 
I dont want the world to see me cuz i dont think that they'd understand .. 
Almost ate a whole < PROPFIRST > johns sandwich . go me ! except now i feel like ass ! 
I'm sorry if you think my life is pathetic . At least I won't be working in a factory for the rest of my life and all my conversations aren't centered around other people's business . 
Hmm .. Wish I could say < PROPFEMALE > much but unable because I am suppose to be the responsible one .. I hate being the responsible one , it's all I've ever done ! 
I am in serious need of a girls night out ! 
So i'm drivin to work running later than I like and what do I find in the middle if the road ? sorry , let me rephrase . Across the entire road ? A giant tree branch that apparently fell down in the 6 hours I was home ! So I have to travel unfamiliar gravel roads instead of backtracking 10 < PROPMALE > to highway !! 
Had a great night with a couple of the girls ! 
I'm missing you like crazy ... 
This is getting ridiculous . all i want is to get the rest of my stuff so i can put you behind me and i can move on ! But I guess it's too much to ask that you do that for me cuz you need \time to think\ " . grr " 
I am rather irritated at the moment ... 
Getting groceries and going home ! Don't have to be to work til 2 tomorrow ! woot !! 
Makin cookies and the cookie dough is sooo yummy !! 
Slept with the windows open last night and it was amazing ! I LOVE this time of year !! 
Currently very bummed ! Everyone is leaving PetSmart ! at least my store !! :( 
Feeling like today isn't going to be a good one :( 
I hate my body and its emotions !! 
Wow ... that's really f*ckin nice ! 
Daylight dies , blackout the sky . Does anyone care ? Is anybody there ? Take this life , empty inside . I'm already dead , I'll rise to fall again . I can feel you falling away . No longer the lost , no longer the same . I can see you starting to break , I'll keep you alive if you show me the way . Forever - and ever the scars will remain . I'm falling apart leave me here forever in the dark 
Is wishing u were here .. 
Gonna sleep good tonight !! 
Not feelin so hot .. I think treating all the carpets and furniture for fleas for the last 5 hours is gettin to me .. :( 
Good deal ! feeling much better after getting out of the house ! 
Off to bowl tonight ! wish me luck ! :) 
Sometimes I wish I didn't care so much cuz then life couldn't hurt me . 
OMG I AM < PROPFEMALE > FREAKING DONE !! 
Girls night soon ?? I think most definitely ! 
Wow .. dating someone to spite me ... REAL MATURE !! 
Who wants to take bets ? how long will it take ? 
Snickers and I had a very long day ! And we are both falling asleep .. Goodnight world ! 
My darlin ' .. who knew ?? 
So I guess I have to be nice and put < PROPFIRST>'s pictures from the zoo on a cd and give it to him instead of deleting them .. Unfortunate !! 
You took my hand , you showed me how . You promised me you'd be around . I took your words and I believed in everything you said to me . If someone said three years from now you'd be long gone , I'd stand up and punch them in the mouth cuz they're all wrong . I know better cuz you said forever and ever . Who knew ? 
Cleaning all day ! At least it's not the worst way I could spend my day off 
Done cleaning :) and goin to mom's around 6 for supper !! 
Resisting the urge to call you ... 
Currently there are 2 cats and 2 dogs on my bed . I'm not sure I'm going to fit !! 
I hate my anxiety !! 
Still laying in bed trying to motivate myself to get up and do something 
Wishing I knew when I would feel better but I know it's a long road ahead .. 
Gotta work another split tomorrow .. hopefully its a better day than today ! 
I really miss you ... :( 
My last day working with J ! sad sad day ! 
ha ha < PROPFEMALE > ! I told you I would facebook < PROPFIRST > ya later ! But guess what ! I was nice ! :) Guess how I was nice thou ! :) 
Its such a nice day out .. wish i felt better ! 
i've gotta fight today just to live amother day .. I need a hero to save me now . I need a hero to save my life . a hero to save me just in time . 
I dont wanna get out of bed ! it's comfy here ! 
So i thought that pepsi/mt . dew wasnt doing their winner caps nemore .. but i'm sitting in the break room reading the label and what does it say ? \1 in 8 buy one 20oz get one free \"!" 
Hmm .. i should probably go to sleep buuuutt .. i dont wanna ! 
I hate it when people drive in fog with no headlights on .. 
Maybe today is just a good day but I've been thinking and I know that I'm strong and I will survive ! Time to move on to better things :) 
Definitely been a good day ! Just found out that I will be moving to Sioux City ....... -Drum roll please- THIS WEEKEND ! 
:) 
Stuck in the garage on the upper storage cuz i dont trust the ladder to get down .. i could be sitting here awhile 
Wow ... I can't wait to move ! 
I freaking love harvest !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > ready to not live in my car ! I will have an extra 10 hours a week ! That's like a whole day .. What am I going to do with all that time ?? 
Haha ! < PROPFEMALE > has blue balls ! 
< PROPFEMALE > \it hits the whole and doesnt want to screw \"" 
Workin for 4 hrs today then going home and packing all my stuff !!!! :) 
Moving in tomorrow ! woot !! 
got my beed set up :) .. working aaalllll day tomorrow :( i just want to get moved in already !! 
Glad my cat is adjusting well !!! :) 
If you think I am the cause of all your problems .. you got another thing comin for ya . And i'm guessing its going to be relatively soon ! 
I'm sick of people's bullshit . Why do I even try to put up with it ? 
ugh 
Hmm .... will i be ablye to do it for a whole year ? 
Hmmm ... to go out or not to go out ? 
Absolutely terrified ... 
Grrrr ... 
Just kill me now ! 
Driving :) 
I really hate having anxiety !! 
I have absolutely no motivation ... just one more room to vacuum then its on to the fish tanks ! 
I got told today that I look like i've lost weight ! woohoo !!! 
Happy to have my car back ! :) 
If I had you , that would be the only thing I'd ever need . Yeah if I had you , then money fame and fortune never could compete . If I had you , life would be a party , it'd be ecstasy 
Hmm .. my tummy just told me its hungry .. what should i eat ? 
Fuckin migraines ! 
Hmm ... what to do ... 
Loves listening to Giggy sing :) .. even if its when he's makin country rock ! 
Wow .. my eyes are so green tonight .. one might think i was angry or sumthin ! 
Cant sleep :( 
wondering if i know how to play the game right ... 
This is not shaping up to be a good day :( 
Wow ! I can't believe you actually thought that would work on me ! 
Maybe eating wasnt such a good idea ... 
You are making this ver difficult ! 
Super tired ! physically and mentally ! 
thinking .. I'm sick of a$$holes who dont deserve me . I'm very glad I wasnt the ' solution to your problem ' 
Can't wait until wednesday !! 
Wow ... could it really be that you finally figured out ur a dumbass ? hahaha ! 
:) woot 
It's going to be a great week ! :) 
:) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Off to my mommy's to clean and bowl ! woot woot ! 
Sooooo can't wait for tomorrow night !!!!!! 
1 more day :) 
It's totally the week of a full < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Time to look forward to this weekend 
I don't wanna go to work today :( 
Just gotta get thru tonight and tomorrow morning and then its hello great weekend !!! 
Can't wait for tomorrow ! 
Ugh ! i hate stupid fu < k ! ng people ! 
< PROPFEMALE > did not get enough sleep .. at least it's gonna be a great day :) 
Less than 5 hours :) 
I never thought we'd get this high and I used to be afraid of fallen but now I'll spread my wings and fly high ... 
getting frustrated ! 
wow < PROPMALE > ... wow ! 
I feel like shit :( 
This is turning out to be an interesting day .. 
WOO !!!!! MY INSURANCE PAYMENT IS GOING DOWN ! :) 
Wow ... a hyvee run for nyquil at 3 in the morning ! i'm going to the doctor today !! 
On my way to the doc ! can't wait to feel better ! 
Wow ... this is the worst doctor's visit i've ever had 
On my way to < PROPFEMALE > Grove for the 3rd time this week ! 
Woot ! no hospital today :) ! 2 more shots in my hips though and another doctors note if i dont feel up to working this weekend .. sleep sleep sleep :) 
Really ? apparently it matters where you are in order to be resting . :( at least i was't planning on using my doctors not for tomorrow and saturday ! 
Oh wait .. my bad ! i guess i'm just upset cuz i haven't taken my anxiety meds in a couple days so i guess i must be a lil irritable 
Tired , my throat still hurts , and missing my man ... :( 
Really tired today .. maybe working wasnt such a good idea :( .. i guess we'll find out 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > land . my legs kill and not feeling too confident about bathing tomorrow :S 
I hate being the peacekeeper ! 
Wishing I hadn't gotten sick this week so I could go to the neighbor's party but instead going to curl up with my book and then head to bed :) 
Friday won't be here soon enough :( 
Anxiety is kicking my ass today !! I don't know how I'm gonna pay my bills :( 
Ahhh !!! Holiday commercials already ! 
My phone is a pile ... 
i wanna go shopping ... 
does anyone have an old verizon phone i can use for like 2 days ? let me know asap ! 
who do you think you are ? running ' round collecting your jar of hearts and tearing love apart ? you're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul . Don't come back for me . Don't come back at all . 
rejected ... :( 
this headache is really kicking my ass !!! 
Need to clean my mom's house but really not wanting to today .. :( 
is falling ... :) :) :) :) 
so i was just listening to the radio and they played a clip of Obama calling kanye a jackass . This is probably the funniest thing i will hear all week ! 
bahahahahahaaha !!! 
not feelin so hot tonight :( wish i would start feeling better ! 
is feeling sick again :( 
i feel like a$$ and they wont let me go home ! :( i guess i'll just infect everyone that comes in . mwahahahaha 
tired of feeling sick !! :( 
really need to get motivated ... 
migraine ... GO AWAY ! You've tortured me for like 2 weeks .. I've had enough !! 
what to do ... 
ready for bed but i can't wait to see my sister in a few weeks !!! :) 
can't wait for tomorrow :) 
hoping it doesnt freeze until later so J can make it up here !! 
:( my hunny isn't feeling good :( 
got to drive the charger tonight :) i was scared i was gonna break it tho ! n now < PROPFIRST > is running a fever :( i think i made him sick !! :( 
< PROPFIRST > got me a panda pillow pet :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
i'm sooooo tired and i still have 6 hours to go before i'm off work ! Gaaaahhhh !!! 
thinking i need somecoffee or hot chocolate ! it's sooo cold ! 
i hate goodbyes :( 
I don't know what I want anymore :( . I wish I could figure out this game they call Life ! 
i can already tell i'm not going to sleep well tonight ... 
wishing i didnt have to go through this every year :( 
1 - people need to learn how to park ! 2 - people need to make up their freaking mind and 3 - i wish i knew if i was even gonna get a freaking phone call !!! 
more people need to have some christmas spirit !! i wanna see some pretty christmas lights !!! 
gaahhh !!! 
idk what i am suppose to do .. 
my super happy mood just did a 180 ! 
feeling like i could cry :( 
did it !!!!! 
FMLYHM ! :) 
:) woot !! 
woot to 5mph !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > i am stuck in battle creek tonight but at least i have some music to listen to because my boyfriend is quite musical tonight ! lol 
Taking the lights off a prelit Christmas tree sucks ! I do not recommend it :( 
thinking it would be super fantabulous if the landlord would plow the driveway !! 
sometimes i feel so old .. heading to bed already ! 
i love watching Armani and baby < PROPFEMALE > play :) it always makes my day a lil better 
omg tomorrow is gonna suck ! 3 dogs at 10:30 !! :( 
sooooooooo tired 
nooo motivation !!! 
ugh ! cant sleep !! :( 
\I will dominate you . I'll come at you like a spider monkey ! Rawr ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > Boos talking to the new conure at work . " 
really ? well maybe i will be happy to move to ankeny if i get the job ! 
okay sioux city .. budget a lil more for snow removal ! we're in freaking IOWA !!! n people need to get to work !!! 
snowboarding for the first time today ! pretty excited and i get to < PROPFEMALE > with my sis all day !! 
day #2 ... this is gonna hurt 
driving across nebraska always sucks :( 
:( I don't wanna go back to work today ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ... i just found out that my bf has never had a BLT . he lives a very deprived life :( 
ugh ! i feel like crap :( 
sinus pressure , bad cough , and flu symptoms = no sleep for me :( even with nyquil ! 
i really hope i'm not getting tonsilitis again :( 
sooooo tired :( 
is sick of this cough !! :( UGH ! 
I want food !! 
to the person in the alero that just flipped me off - you sped up and got into MY < PROPFIRST > . do not flip me off because i am going faster than you and you just cut me off . use your brain and stay in your own < PROPFIRST > the next time you decide to speed up after a light change ! 
I HATE BEING BROKE !!! I gotta do something different and fast ! 
really wish i would find out if i got this job and when i'm moving cuz i dont know where i'm livin come march ! 
FML 
need a place to live in or around des moines and a roommate ! if you know anyone let me know !! 
Apparently girls with DD's are fat because it is nearly impossible to find a 36DD ANYWHERE !! 
FUCK FUCK FUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ugh ! cant sleep !! 
ugh ! mom didnt put cheese on her homemade pizza and now it tastes funny ! i guess no lunch for me ! 
going to eat then go see my Stephie at work !! 
ugh !! cant sleep .. worried about getting this job and where i need to move .. only have 2 weeks to figure it out ! 
gaaahhh !! only been awake for 40 minutes and already freakin out 
ugh !! thinking i have tonsilitis AGAIN !! At least i'm not running a fever ... yet 
tired of being sick !! MUST GET THESE TONSILS OUT ASAP !!! 
Been up since 3am and I'm beat but at least I got to see Miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > tonight ! She's freaking adorable :) 
fell asleep today and now i cant sleep ! woo .. 
well that was intense 
hmmm .. what do you do when an ex is texting you and you really don't want to talk to him ???? 
Back to needing a place to live in like 4 days ... AWESOME !!!! 
gaahh !! this snow could really put a cramp in my moving style !! :( 
thinking my car is officially gone :( 
hopefully today is going to go well for me .. been a couple months since i've been in the salon ! 
REALLY hating these 4 o'clock mornings !! 
pretty excited about the rental car ... 2011 < PROPFEMALE > Forte :) probably the newest < PROPFEMALE > will EVER drive !! 
ugh ! thinking i'm starting to get sick again ! CAN'T WAIT TO GET THESE TONSILS OUT ! 
Dear family and friends : Please do not text or call me after 10:00 pm unless it absolutely can not wait until morning . I normally have to be up by 4:00 and usually can't fall back to sleep after being woken up . AND I'm normally a bear if I don't get enough sleep . Please keep this in mind . Thank you ! 
I'm sooo tired ! 
Totally just sprained my ankle :( 
A truck full of Horstman's .. this aught to be interesting . 
Ugh ! It really upsets me when tractors don't drive on the shoulder . AND I'm a farmers daughter so that is perfectly acceptable to expect that they do that !! 
Got the insurance check for my car ! What a relief !! 
liking this off at 9 thing ... 
hmm .. should probably get out of bed and go deposit that $4400 ... :) 
starbucks in 10 minutes ? I think yes !! 
i love the smell of freshly turned dirt :) 
Just as soon as I think she's gettin better she goes and buys a box of wine . 
Stand down , place your weapons at your side . It's our war , in the end we'll surely lose but thats alright .. 
Gaaaahhhh !!! why do i always have to have HOT feet when i'm trying to sleep !!! 
just sprained my ankle ... again .. woo ! at least i'll be getting my tonsils out thursday and will have a whole bunch of time to let it rest and heal !! 
Thank God for oxycodone ! 
OOOWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!! 
extremely disappointed ... but at least Armani is cuddling with me lots right now . You'd almost think he actually loves me ! 
naptime ?? I think yes !! 
Watching I Love < PROPFEMALE > .. Kinda forgot how funny it is ! 
Would really really like my package to arrive ... especially cuz they say they sent it on the 10th !!!! 
ugh ! Other people's parents !! :( 
Bah ha ha ha ha ha ! :) 
Does it mean someone is thinking about you or talking about you when your nose itches ?? CUZ IT WON'T STOP ITCHING !!! 
Snow ... I don't even like the sound of it ! 
wow .. glad my mom decided to crawl into bed with me and pass the fuck out .. ugh she annoys me when shes been drinking 
naptime :) 
ANNOYED !!!! 
is < PROPFEMALE > over the bullshit ! 
In serious pain today :( possibly the worst day so far ! 
awww ... Armani has been curled up next to me for a whole hour ! :) apparently he does know when i feel like crap . He pretty much hasnt left my side since last Thursday !! 
GOT A WII !! :) but in SERIOUS need of moving back to Sioux City ! 
enough facebooking .. ITS WII TIME !!! :D 
uh oh .. thinking i might be getting thrush :( 
Just ate 2 slices of pizza ! still hungry but my throat is telling me thats enough normal food for today ! 
Sat outside in the sun for about 2 hours yesterday and my arms got burnt .. oops :) 
sooo bored and now i'm not taking oxycodone so i can't even sleep :( 
ugh ... can't sleep 
Helped my Mom & Gaylen clean out the koi pond today and got to hold foot long koi ! It was pretty neat !! 
Why !? Why does my body insist on waking up at 3 or 4 in the morning ?! 4th night in a row !! Why doesn't it understand that I'm TIRED !!? 
