Had an amazing time this weekend with my bf <3 and his mom & < PROPFEMALE > . Back home in a few hours :( hopefully i can see him again soon .. 

apparently not getting my car back until tommorow . i cant wait to meet my roomies and go to camp . ima be busy for the rest of summer . 
cant wait for labor day weekend ! hopefully its for sure i get to come home ! glad to see family agian .. gotta get homework done today . band at 3 and maybe learning drill ? 
homework and laundry .., and a toilet that wont stop flushing two rooms away from me whoo ! lol 
listening to < PROPFIRST > nicks and about to go talk to someone about getting a work study job and if i can do it with band and all :/ kinda dont want to . but i will do what i have to 
whoo band at 3 .. gots a headache >_< we find out today if we have band practice friday ! hope not .. but we will see . might rain on us during band today , its coming . coming home this weekend ! :) 
back home , its nice . but got bad allergies .. hope it goes away >_< 
did not realize what i all had on my ipod till now .. there is a lot i have never heard of . 
mm club crackers and laughing cow cheese is good together . gotta do more homework >_< 
my roses are slowly dieing .. i looked up how i can make them last longer but it doesnt help that they were cut and the cells are slowly dieing . its just a matter of time .. but they are pretty while it lasts . 
needs to eat lunch but i dont know what i want ., not much of a choice really considering I dont want to walk all the way to the UC .. wish i knew someone going to lunch , dnt want to eat alone :/ but i will deal lol . 
doesnt feel good .. allergies are making me sick i guess :/ 
9/11 tommorow . i wonder if that priest is really going to burn that stuff tommorow in ground zero .. we will certainly see if he is a shi t-t alker or if he has the balls to do it . 
history channel has got me thinking about 9/11 in different ways .. hmm .... 
memories haunt me today :/ 
life is so confusing right now . i hate it . oh well .., need to sleep so i can get up for class in the morning :/ 
hungry , think ima eat soon 
damn mapp test at 5:30 , heard its pointless 
does not want to go do this quiz for math to try to pass .. and doesnt want to go to band after that :/ then got paper to write with my group that i have to meet at the library . fun day ... not 
omg kids are dressing up for lady gaga for halloween ... 
rearranged dorm today .. gotta get use to my bed bunked ' sigh ' hopefully i can find a better way to get off .. 
i love vampire knight ! <3 lol 
my facebook on phone iS being stupid 
trying to pass this chem homework . doesnt really wanna go to band wednesday or heck any classes :/ 
come on facebook work with me here 
so tired , thinking about taking a nap but idk 
i want to go walking outside again , its a beautiful night but i have homework :/ maybe afterwards 
had a good night , idk why im still awake this early but I dont think ima be that tired tommorow . just busy , gonna see my family tommorow , they are excited i hope lol . goodnight world . 
the only thing i still believe in is you , if you only knew how many times I count the words that went wrong .. if you only knew . 
had a good day with friends and family .. good to see them . now homework when i wake up . 
that was a good concert tonight . had fun :) but tired and wet now cuz its been raining all day and i walked in the rain with shoes off and it was nice lol 
finally i can do the look im proud of and i can be a lil more of me again with my blck eyeshadow back 
trying to sleep .. bleh . thinking bout things ... its gonna be nice out later . maybe wake up nd take walk before classes . 
got to sleep finally last night but apparently my internal clock is an hour early so i arrived at class an hour early so now im tired from realizing it . great .. its gonna be a long day 
debating what i should do .. nap or homework ? hmm 
Im so confuzed !!! 
want to go < PROPFEMALE > with friends and get unstressed right now . but gotta finish this report by morning even if it takes me all night . 
idk who to go to right now .. its too late at night and trying to finish this report thing for the morning . glad i got english done . 
what have i done now .. maybe i shouldnt have spoken up . i dnt want a fight . just let it be please .. i wanna deal with it alone but if i need help i wanna get some with knowing that it wont cause a big scene 
is doing better today . dang itunes wont work and cant figure out why >_< 
can this day get any more embarrasing ?? lmao i dnt know .. we will surely find out later . i dont think anything can be anymore embarasing . what was put into our food ! lol . thank god that guy did not see my face .. 
yey < PROPFEMALE > manson is on my door ! 
well i tried going to diversity club tonight with < PROPFEMALE > but nobody was there ..? my friend told me to come at 8 but the sign said from 7:30 -9 .. dang lol 
Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund is an amazing group with strong points and bring out politics we dont see every day . It makes you think hard about what might happen in the future and how things are going to be . Knowing we can fix this about our nation makes me feel good . join me lol . 
3D GLASSES !!!!!!!!!! O_O 
:( 
bleh .. need to talk to someone . cant sleep . went walking , its nice out .. 
my 3D glasses might be on the terraces .. i want to go back but i dnt want to get stopped by police . im trying not to update my status a lot because i dont want to act like im on twitter cuz i dnt like twitter . but im bored and cant help it . I really need my 3D glasses .. 
Mm warm newly washed clothes .. 
3D glasses ! 
oh wow i cannot believe i just watched that .. i had to stop . so terrible what pple do to animals ... its heartbreaking .. 
so apparently i cannot stop falling asleep since i got back from shopping .. need to do some homework 
i want to go for a walk but i think it might be too cold . i dont know , i havent been outside since 3 o'clock . 
i dont know why im still watching this movie about disrespect and abuse to animals .. i started it and it seems like i just cant stop watching until its over .. even though it makes me sad . :( 
damn facebook messing up on me 
bleh .. damn guild wars .. cant quit dieing lol . wish i could feel better . idk whats wrong , guess its a mix of feelings . we will surely see . 
idk what to do .. great .. night <3 
made slime today . now i smell like borax and glue .. interesting lol . woke up late agan today , thought my alarm was set . i feel kinda mellow hmm 
im hungry and my head hurts lol 
tommorow is gonna be a good day ., hopefully . two classes , anime party and twloha in one day . ive gotta study for chem exam too . 
tired , but dont want to go to sleep again . thinking bout dr pepper and laundry 
i want rainbow twirling ribbon !! 
my knee has been not doing so well today , gave out after band but is in immense pain and swollen . ima hate marching tonight . oh well i love it all together and is gonna be worth it 
bleh its gonna be a long afternoon in our band uniform . its gonna be hot and hopefully my knee wont be so bad .. 
long day , knees hurt badly from band . proud of the show we did , glad it was better than the first game lol . 
made poi , trying to teach myself how to spin poi , not working out well . :/ 
is going crazy .. 
is always here no matter what . remember that . :) goodnight 
this is not cool .. leave me alone and all will be better :/ 
:/ 
going to river campus for my first class gr .. then study for chem 
feels funny but in a good way .. 
damn skype quit working ... :/ 
whs band's band halftime show was awesome . im quite impressed . did what i said i was gonna do and now homework needs to be done 
:D he makes me happy .. 
Kittens with Spikes make me ANGRY !!!!!!!!!!! 
this is a good change , im likeing it .. glad this is my < PROPMALE > at something great . 
:D tired , happy , and a lil aggrivated at the moment .. 
gonna watch rent 
am not a zombie just yet . survived long enough to make it to the mission tonight 
made it through first mission . now i just gotta make it through tommorow .. there is almost 50 zombies already . its crazy time ! 
day 2 . i bet there are tons more now . its getting hardder to survive . i must find a way 
ok , my day was very busy . 1 . getting spied on by zombies during band 2 . died 3 . brought back to life 4 . sore and confused bout my username on hvz .. thought it was what i put , but apparently not 
so im a zombie now , day 4 in last mission of the day . killing horde . it was a great run as a human for so long , but now im with the zambies .. 
omfg ... 
wow 1hour of sleep , lab report not due today apparently as i worked hard on it last night . stressed over moms health . nd really want to see you <3 
yyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyyyyyyyyyyyyy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
did homework and missed a fun halloween party i could have gone too . sorry to those who told me to go . 
FAIL 
mmehh band 
i am locked out of my phone til further notice . idk why . but idk what a PUK code is . my phone is being retarded . so i wont answer my phone with calls or texts considering i cannot even look into my phone :/ im terribly sorry for the inconvenience and hope that everything gets resolved tommorow night . 
is dieing to get a hearse .. im dream shopping right now ., but i wish i had the money . the prices arent even bad with how low the milage they have . just need money .. >_< 
:( i cant believe this .., i wish i could be home for my mom . i feel so useless . 
<3 had a pretty damn good weekend . im so happy with my life now . =^_^= <3 
been a bleh idk kind of day .. hope it gets better soon . 
tired :/ 
studying for chem exam bleh :/ then calc quiz then see my bf <3 nd then home i will be .. 
so tired but am studying for this damn calc quiz :/ 
Made it home . Saw that a shooting range caught on fire lol . 
Sitting here waiting for my mom to go in . Getting nervous nd I really wish I can talk to a certain someone right now . Idk if he's awake yet . Meh . Wish I had dr pepper 
moms doing well . shes in a lot of pain , hope she gets to sleep , her roommate wont shut up on the phone . im about to say something . gr :/ head hurts 
D ' : 
dont like hospitals ... >_< 
with mom all night . doing homework to pass time :/ going back to cape tommorow . dont really want to go back cuz i want to take care of my mother but i know shes in good hands . 
RENT ! :D 
why cant we just redue yesterday ? exept the sad leaving part nd see my bf a bit longer .. 
omg , just set my screensaver to a flaming heart that plays a chronicles of narnia song 
tommorow is gonna be a busy day .. classes , holiday sale thing at river campus , amine party , twloha and homework . cant wait for this weekend , but i feel like its going to go by way to fast .. :/ 
......... thats all i have to say .. 
so e'fing bored :/ what to do ? probly clean ... 
meh :/ 
Omg there is a batman in Phantom of the Opera !! 
that was a good weekend . glad we have no game on saturday , cuz its caitlyns birthday !! going home tommorow for thanksgiving . hope it will be a good one 
its thanksgiving at my mothers tonight then blitz sale , then hopefully go to caitlyns bday pary , thanksgiving at my dads then back home to cape .. hope i can see my bf this weekend .. <3 
Humpty Daddy was born today !! 
define me and < PROPFEMALE > ? our sanities , personalities , and mental disorders , etc ... 
finals coming up soon and christmas break xD hope it snows here before i come home , that would be so awesome to see SEMO in snow .. 
it feels sorta like christmas time in our hall .. we have little cardboard like stockings with bells on our door , girls have christmas lights on their door , they are blasting christmas lights , fighting over bathroom rules , and its not snowing out . xD 
how to warm up a car battery : use heating pad :) lets see if it happens 
doesnt feel good .. 
Do u be an airforce ranger ?.! Do u wanna live a life of danger ? You dont wanna be raped by strangers ! 
i want to go walking .. but it might be just a bit too cold :/ 
so raising my grade in two classes is not going well so far . doesnt help when i dont understand chemistry or applied calculus . :/ ima try though ... gotta try . 
bored ... wanna talk to peoples . need motivation to study for chem test friday :[ 
doesnt want to get out of bed .. ive got a lot on my mind 
Drag show ! 
the Drag Show was amazing . Gotta love them . dancing afterwards was great , i think i lost some pounds lol 
Celtic Women are coming to Show Me Center May 2nd , 2011 !!! Sooo going to get the money to go see it ! 
1I miss him already .. Winter break is here already ? Damn .., almost done packing to go home . Gotta finish cleaning too . Glad these stressful past few days 
1are over .. 
home 
I found my beta fish i want !! But i cant get it yet :/ but i fell in love with him .. 
finding beads that i need for this bracelet and necklaces , i feel quite crafty lately . maybe i can make all my friends something for christmas :D 
hmm ... :/ 
thinking of a name for my betta fish ima get .. 
another meh day ... 
need a new phone .. maybe i can get one during break .. 
first semester was hard as hell :/ thats because i chose hard classes .. 
oh how my knee is in so much pain right now .. yey for bad knees , not .. 
you can learn a lot off of yahoo articles .. 
got a few things done today .. sent boxes through u.p.s. , finished friends necklace and a few ornaments for the tree are decorated . kinda feeling lonely .. 
somewhere over the rainbow skies are blue , and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true .. 
well now .., what shall i do now ? i dont know . wish i could see < PROPFIRST > Guelbert .. but thats not going to happen right now .. cant get this feeling out of my mind about something , wish it would go away .. oh well <3 
my sims game on DS is getting really hard >_< 
i think my sims game is in spanish ??... the people seem to be speaking spanish so i have no idea what they are saying .. 
so i love winter , but christmas is already here ? guess i had my mind stuck in grades nd school to realize its really here . 
feels weird .. idk .. hope everyones christmas was good 
bought more beads today !! im happy i get to create more stuffs til the othe beads come in from this store online so i can make my friend stuffs . :D <3 
cant do it anymore , this shit is stupid . can new years come any faster ? i hate feeling like this . i want to be happy , to not worry about shit , to see my friends . <3 
meh ... 
can this day be over already ? bad day all around .. wish i can < PROPFEMALE > out with somebody but everybody lives so far away .. :/ oh well .. 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . A woman has read this entire post . A man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile ... 
has no motivation to do anything .. 
so bored now that im home :/ 
Doesnt have internet right now , wifi isnt working or it might be my computer , idk . Trying to fix it :/ 
why are cruiser bikes so expensive ?.. its terrible . 
just another night ... 
leave for school next weekend , dont know where ima get my betta .. getting hair cut and dyed this weekend hopefully . wish i could see < PROPMALE > .. <3 
what was it that you said ? im sorry i just cant seem to hear you .. 
what does life mean to you ? 
Got haircut ! Now only to get color highlights soon hopefully :D 
hair has been dyed . it looks awesome . it was a fun process lol . going to semo in 4 days ! got stuff to do still : / miss my bf , hope to see him again soon <3 
idk if ima go to this job fair friday or not .. working at the zoo in the summer would be the greatest job , but its going to be hot as hell outside no matter what position you get . if you want a job at the stl zoo , job fair is friday from 9am-12noon . 
so the website for that job fair was wrong on the date , its saturday at the stlouis zoo .. cant go now . : / going back to semo saturday . 
On the road back to semo !.. 
i love the dead poets society , strong words .. 
might go for a walk .. idk how cold it is outside but i will surely see lol 
two classes bck to bck then dne .. 
needs to concentrate on reading this damn book >_< getting off here for a while .. 
<3 randomly falling asleep while copying notes from the textbook so your somewhat prepared for your early morning lectures .. 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it , and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . More then you can imagine ! Show your support .. <333 
last nights adventures cut short : Rowdys at 11pm , hid cheese in bushes , climbed a tree and was scurred of imaginary water , graveyard freakout , truck going up cardiac , and a snacky lounge hangout . 
Riverdance was awesome !! they reminded me of fairies dancing <3 
hates being so sensitive to heat and the sun .. hairdryers shouldnt be this hott to burn my skin within 1min >_< 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to get better . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour . 
needs a hard surface to hammer on !!! >_< i guess i need to go outside 
the day of th fish tragedy : went on a mission to save a fish from petco from a terrible desease . we gave him medicine . we went to mc donalds to feed our hungry souls and the fish died in a silent death ... he may rest in peace . 
confusing few days , going to be confusing for the next week and a half . dont want shit to start and gonna keep it that way . hope things get a little more clear on what i want and what might happen . ima just worry about the present and not the future right now . 
watching pinnaple express while watching two guys play magic .. dont want to sleep yet and < PROPFEMALE > is passing out next to me lol 
wont be on for a bit , got a lot to think about and i dont need distractions . if u need to talk , txt me 
people that i have told to go away these past few years , should stay away . just because a lot of shit is going on right now doesn't mean you can magically come back into my life and apologize to me about everything when i know you dont mean it . 
wish i had something fun to do , just cleaned Moskaus bowl , and has about half of my paper done for tommorow . 
man , ima kill something tonight apparently .. proven by my laptop falling off bed and thankfully into a box cuz of suppressed laughter already tonight . 
got a B on my paper :D now other things to work on .. >_< 
watched the sound of music while making my < PROPFEMALE > wings :D 
is having a good weekend , < PROPFIRST > Guelbert is here and he brought very delicious foods for a great picnic we had today for lunch on our floor . but it was really awesome , this whole weekend has been good so far :D <333 
had a wonderful weekend :D now doing homework 
homework done , now work on < PROPFEMALE > wings for Cosplay Ball ! :D 
got a test in the morning , a meeting , try and finish < PROPFEMALE > wings , do laundry , and relax for rest of the day .. 
this night is getting old , i must sleep now to wake up in the morning and start a new day , and hopefully feel better . 
Its a meh kinda day .. 
soon .. all the answers will come soon hopefully 
Welcome to Logans Roadhouse , where they have sleaks , rubs , and spirits . 
Everyone who hates the new photo viewer on facebook , quit bitching and press F5 . It gets rid of it . Have fun . 
had a great weekend with < PROPFIRST > Guelbert <3 :D 
looking through the dr. pepper timeline 
feels like somethings wrong 
why is it that a teacher gave you a website for you to look on if you wanted to look at facts about advertisers and such , but it apparently has trojans all over the place and my antivirus wont let me get on the website . just dandy . guess ima have to go to the lab to view the site then 
doing my paper while genre hopping on pandora 
just falling off the edge today :/ 
have to go see the play Anything Goes instead of going to anime party tonight , hope its good 
gonna sleep then study some more for my test then read a chapter of a book thats for homework also due tommorow 
everyone is going home , my bf just took his sis/my roommate home , a lot of my friends except < PROPFEMALE > is going home and a lot of people on campus apparently is as well . sheesh its going to be empty here :/ 
and apparently Avenged Sevenfold is coming to the Show Me Center April 25th 
bored , watching The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo er something like that anyways .. 
watching a weird kids television show ... 
sitting here playing pokemon being bored .. hope < PROPMALE > can get his computer fixed soon <3 
noise everywhere outside of this window in towers south . its been going on for about a week now . im getting sick of it yet i have no idea where its coming from . 
\i dont like it because it tastes like grilled cheese but its not grilled cheese or doesnt look or feel like grilled cheese so its like impostor grilled cheese . \"<--- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to my captain's wafers grilled cheese crackers " 
freaking myself out , going to bed now 
of course , once again .. 
just finished watching FernGully . it was awesome . and now im bored lol . 
had a great night tonight talking to < PROPMALE > :D cant wait til hes going to be here <3 and i also cant wait til my doc app the 17th lol 
great , just great 
so if hvz is the tuesday after spring break , is no one advertising it ? 
doing midterm >_< 
been a good few days , went to jeffco jazz concert to see <3 < PROPMALE > <3 and today , going to dinner with him , < PROPFEMALE > and their father . going to be a good night : ) cant wait 
sigh 
>_< thats all 
tired and hungry .. waiting at reichers 
at matts :D <3 
got doctors tomorrow for problems with my wrist and knees . i hope he has at least a little bit of an answer for me on both problems . 
Mehhhh :/ blood work :(( 
xrays done , and apprarantly i get really extremely lightheaded from blood being drawn for blood test :/ not cool 
saving my girl scout cookies for when i am back at SEMO . practicing guitar , tonights been a long night . <3 the < PROPFEMALE > too ! :D 
Got new phone :) 
>_< txt me , im bored as hell and wish i could talk to someone specific but cant till later .. sooo cannot wait until later 
cant do this any longer .. goodnight 
So apparently everything is just not working out for me today :/ 
wow ok so me and < PROPFEMALE > had this song stuck in our heads , well < PROPFEMALE > . we didnt know where it was from . and then we found out it was from BLUES CLUES !. 
not letting other people get me down today . making jewelry , doing homework and talking to my amazing boyfriend :D <3 
< PROPFEMALE > !! :D oh and i dont care if its secret or now , cuz everyone knows but i dont care !!!! < PROPFEMALE > , and a little bit of grape there !! 
thinking makes me sleepy .. talking to < PROPMALE > :D <3 
kinda been a long but short day :/ hope tomorrow er today is better . trying not to get down but its getting harder with all this emotional poison coming from everyone else ., except < PROPMALE > cuz i love him and he is such a great person to me <3 
-sigh- ... 
might go buy a journal .. 
weird day , feeling really strange today and wish i could talk to < PROPMALE > <3 , donated money to the Pray for Japan fundraiser and Invisible Children feels good to do that .. 
poop 
bored .. 
I love you < PROPFIRST > Guelbert and I want the whole world to know it . 
quiddatch tournament today ! gonna kinda suck but its going to be fun :D 
my head is spinning with all these thoughts of things i should and shouldn't do . now the next step forward is going to be the hardest . 
I dont know if you will ever understand me or what Ive gone through or what Im going through but Im just hoping that I will be here for me <3 
what more can i do about this . i have no idea .. 
ok so my phone is acting up for some reason , dont have service anywhere , cant call and nobody is getting my text messages . so if u want to contact me , do it through here or u can call me like in olden days . thanks 
Damnit Facebook and the whole , u can't say this amount of words on here >_< 
crafty time with pipette tips 
rescheduled appointment for LAP/DSS so i can study for this Helping Skills exam today . 
allergies are making me miserable .... :/ 
not feeling good , but slowly but surly feeling better . <3 < PROPMALE > for helping with this today , i am grateful for his < PROPFEMALE > with me not feeling good <3 
