Super pissed , stubbed my toe 20 times in the matter of five minutes ... 

Laughing maniacally while stroking the York pieces that < PROPFEMALE > left here . XD 
My cat desides to lay on me right as I'm about it get off the computer . Now I'm stuck here for all eternity watching Gilmore Girls ( stupidest show ever ) with nothing to do . 
Hate having an awesome hair day on a rainy day ... 
Seriously desturbed ... Out of curiousity , I looked up the world record for the biggest boobs . 38kkk its seriously gross . I sincerely hope that the picture was photo shoped ... 
I tried going to pandora , but I accidently hick-uped while trying to type . Instead I went to panedora.com ... 
Spending rest of the night with my dad . Fml . Really wish I didn't have too , but it is father's day so ... 
It's way to frickin early to be up , but of course I can't sleep . So , time to go stalk some friends !! 
Ah !!! This sucks !! I'm tired as fuck , but I can't get to sleep !!! I'm seriously about to start pulling my hair out !! 
Went to the mall , found the cutest outfit . Can't wait until I actually have enough money to buy it ... 
I think I might actually have OCD . I realized this when I started organizing my Pieces of Flair by color and shade . Now I have three boards ; one for color , one for white , and one for black ... 
<----- aww aint i cute :) 
Sleep , glorious sleep ... 
Watching Moonlight at < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s house tonight ! Sure to be a riot like always !! :D 
Staying with < PROPFEMALE > , helping her house watch < PROPFIRST>'s place while she's in Florida ! Whooo !! 
... 
Staying with < PROPFIRST > Draughan tonight ; sure to watch some bad movies ( like we always do ) :D ( I just realized how to tag , so I had to do it !! ) 
There are three big red fire trucks just chilling in front of my house . I'm freaking out a little bit . They keep looking over here ; I think my house might explode soon . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Franz and < PROPFIRST > Draughan . Mwahaha , you've been tagged . 
Dear Dumbasses , Thank you for ruining my day . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Dear World , Seriously ? SERIOUSLY ?? >:/ You're really starting to piss me off . Love , you're bestest friend , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is wondering where all these fucking photos came from and how to make them go away .... 
Show of hands : who's ready for the zombie apocalypse ? 
Staring at a pile of homework . Hoping it'll burst into flames . Don't think it will . :'( 
Hoping if I stare at the computer long enough it will finish my paper for me . But nothing I stare at does what I want .... Sigh , guess if you want something done right ... or at all ... you have to do it yourself . 
I don't quite understand the point of short hand . Are you really so lazy you can't type two more letters ? 
I've lost my memory and just found a safety deposit box full of fake passports , some guns , and a lot of money . What should I do next ? 
Procrastinators of the world unite !... Tomorrow ... 
You know your life is dull when new arm rest covers with pockets makes you squeel ... hahaha 
Watching Big Bang Theory with the smexy person ever ( aka < PROPFIRST > ) . Best show ever !! 
Thanks a lot Revenge of the Nerds . You ruined pie for me . 
We are no longer the knights who say nie ... 
My cat's watching House . :D 
Strawberry , All the way . 
