... another day another year ... 

I have three new years resolutions : 1 . Be more patient with my family ... read that how you will . 2 . Read more of my books- especially the ones on my bottom shelf . 3 . Exercise about 3 times a week , whether through Wii Fit or just running a lap or two . Bonus Resolution : Love my fiance more ... or est ... sorry < PROPFEMALE > ... Bonus Resolution 2 : No more tardiness ... :P Happy 2010 ! 
hi ho hi ho it's off to work I go ... 
is hoping his brother made it on the train to < PROPMALE > ok . I just hope he isn't late to get to Ft . < PROPMALE > . Good Luck < PROPMALE > ! 
Actaully it was my iPod ... but whatever ... 
\Yup \"" 
I am just Tired ... 
I need to go to bed now ... Will make a quiz tomorrow ... 
Created my own quiz but something buggered it up ... so I have to re do it ... later 
off to work now .... wow- is this repetitive or what ... 
I love the weather lately 
I just finished reading Rabbit Doubt , and it is HELLA good . Look it up , and read it- very short though ... 
Japanese is hard ... for someone who hasn't really practiced for like 5 years ... getting back into it with < PROPFEMALE > Stone , you guys should give it a try ... 
I love the VirtualBox , it is an excellent and FREE program to run mulitiple OS's at the same time , like right now running Windows 7 : Build 7201 , and XP Pro Black Edition- Sweetness ! 
Yay ... I is drunk ... I need sleep ... night , and happy 5th of July !! 
YAY ... My Placebo Box showed up ... FINALLY ! Also Torchwood Season 3 Started today ... Today was a good day ! =D 
wants to be done moving , and situating stuff already !! -- I hate being a pack rat ... 
is tired of stupid quizzes on Facebook ! 
I have a bad feeling about my show ... Sorry Torchies- They killed Ianto ... fuckin rat bastards !!! Might as well put a death nail in my show- I can see the quote from BBC now , \we feel the show reached it's natural conclusion with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > being the " 
is tired ... 
For What It's Worth is a REALLY good Song ... thank you Placebo ! 
is tired ... again ... 
... 
after a < PROPMALE > start to the evening , tonight was a good date ... Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
does anything EVER go as planned ?? Seriously ... 
I stand corrected ... There will be a Torchwood Season 4 ... YAY !... now just WHEN IS IT ?! next year probably but still ... I can't wait !!! 
4chan ... FTW !! 
after work tonight starts a 4 day weekend ... Happy Birthday to < PROPMALE > !!! 
is just worried about the upcoming semester , and his conflicting job ... 
Right now beyond screaming my head off- I want to speak with my father face to face ... need his point of view on somethings ... and I miss him , a lot right now . Why is it that when the one person whom you can talk to about nearly everything with no fears 
yay going to the zoo sunday , woot woot !!! and according to < PROPFEMALE > get to see some of my relatives too ... so awesome sauce !! 
I am sick and tired of being sick and tired ... just leave me alone already !! 
I have noticed that people always want that which they can not have and sometimes that which is most familiar to them ... You want me to be like someone that fits into your puzzle of a life- well , my entire life I have spent making sure that I do NOT fit t 
It's a new day , and already I feel as though it's going to be a long one ... 
I need more prozzak ... the band not the pills ass ... it's kinda a pity that they don't make more music ... 
I'm gonna sing the Doom Song now ... 
Even fake people are people too ... we call them mannequins ... 
I don't hate dinosaurs , I was first in line for the Jurassic Park movies ... but it's stupid to remove comments just because they don't agree with you ... that's draconian censorship ... which I hate even more that I don't care for \cute dinosaurs\ " ... Remove this LK ! " 
What is on your mind ? 
Wow ... sometimes it's weird how everything just fits just right sometimes ... 
Never fails ... you plan and something comes along and fucks it all up ... 
I has to goes to works now ... see my puter at like 11pm ... 
I finally gots the books put aways ... kinda | I can't wait for school to start ... 
For some reason , I cried when Godric died ... 
It's amusing how a simple mistake can and will fug up your whole day ... sorry , I made a mistake . What else can I do to fix it ? 
It's down right frightening when something read is so true and dead on about yourself that it gives one the goosebumps , which in turn is fucking brilliant in it's simplicity and scope that it's just scary . 
So , Online Orientation broke- now I am bored ... time to go home , and reschedule for next tuesday- hopefully no assignments are due by then ... 
I am going to go to bed ... hopefully tomorrow will be a better day overall ... one can only hope . 
Now that I am fully rested ... I look forward to good day , I hope ... 
Can't wait for tomorrow ... Sunday is a day off ... 
Tomorrow night ... RAW or Schoolwork ... easy choice huh ? 
Life isn't just drifting down the stream ... sometimes you have to steer the boat down the right forks ... and hope for the best ... 
My son is having surgery tomorrow in the AM ... I am kinda worried but to tired to freak out about it ... night all 
Surgery was a success and everything is all good ... boucin off the walls like nothin ever happened this morning ... 
Well I know what I want to do the night before Halloween ... 
Social experiment : if you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment or send a message with a memory of you and me . It can be anything . When you're finished , post this paragraph as your own status . You'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
Wow- only two responses ... I would have at least counted five ... oh well * Gopher Dance * I'm Alright ... Don't no one have to worry bout me ... 
Someone Ninjard my Fucking sweatshirt from the Zoo ... I hope that person dies a slow and horrible death- unless they returned it to lost and found like I did for the two other people ... then thank you ... but otherwise Death Most Extreme ! 
To the People I removed from my friends list recently- I'm Sorry . It's nothing Personal , but if I see you we are still friends as far as business goes ... other wise- see you on PSN or XBOX Live 
For my next car , I want a Focus RS ... not the peice of crap cars that Ford sells now- but the ones from Euro , that will be here in like 3 years ... SVT FTW ... not that many know what I am talkin about- I miss my pumpkin ... 
kinda dreading today's Chemistry Test ... wish me luck ! 
all I have to say ... ABOUT FRIGGIN TIME NEBRASKA !!! ABOUT FRIGGIN TIME !! 
I hate paydays ... 
I was alone ... falling free ... trying my best not to forget ... what happened to us ... what happened to me ... what happened as I let it slip ... I was confused by the powers that be ... forgetting names and faces ... passers by , were looking at me ... as if they could erase us ... ~ Placebo \Meds \"/ Live from Ankor Wat " 
do you ever wonder sometimes about what you are going to do when all you have around is your son , and your significant other ... but no friends to < PROPFEMALE > out with ... I can't wait til the 30th ... I am definatly going to have my \devil's night\ " ... ain't that right < PROPMALE > ?... Gordy ? We are so getting arrested ... LOL ! " 
Wow ... all one needs to do is say please ... but sometimes thats too hard for people to remember ... 
have you ever been so tired- that you can't sleep ? there's an app for that ... 
I am finally caught up on all my latest television episodes ... only took 5 hours ... oi ... oyasumi ... night all 
I am sorry to the ppl who thought I was in any real danger or was annoyed by the spamming by those cyber nutjobs ... I hope they all die horrible , horrible deaths ... 
Ever so tired that everything thing said to you is misunderstood ... I am not that tired yet- ppl seriously can piss me off ... 
I grow tired of this fight ... 
oww ... my head feels like iss gonna essplode ... migraines suck ass ... 
yay ... my head don't hurt anymore ... and I didn't essplode ! 
I am officially a UNK student ... Again ! 
all I got to say : STORY OF THE FUCKING SEASON !!!! 
ZOMG is it sooo friggin ' cold out ... I am thinkin I can grow a snot stache ... 
I really hope that the snow really doesn't shut down GI ... what about my test ? I still need to take the damned thing and I really hope that my professor is REACHABLE ... cause obviously he needs to be reached so I can take my DAMN test !!... either that and say screw it- do the Final with teh book and just pass the class anyways ... top four tests are whats graded ... I will find out Wednesday ... I guess ... 
They better not cancel school next week , or I will be screwed completly ... 
Test Taken , Final in hand , Crisis averted ... 
I hate being sick- found out yesterday that I have a stomach virus ... how did I even catch that ? 
must have been a minor bug- cause whatever virus I did have I was able to work the rest of Saturday and all of my sunday shift no problems ... like a boss ! 
So I passed my Chemistry class with an A ... next stop ... UNK , and taking my 3.25 GPA with me which instantly drops after I register for classes : D'oh! I can't wait to retake those classes I have F's in at UNK , once I complete those my GPA will actually sky rocket to about 3.5 or 3.75 ish ... can't wait ! 
here is news to me : I am suicidal ... which to me , makes no fucking sense whatsoever ... I hate people , their stupid drama , and their insignifiCUNT little lives in which they get amusement by through deception and backstabbery ... now here is news to them : < PROPFEMALE > , charming gal , is a bitch ... enjoy that which you reap , in full ... motherfuckers ... 
Today would be a perfect day for a snowball fight- the snow was melted just enough to make it packable , to play in the snow toady would've been awesome ... where is the time when you really need it ... 
wishin this week was already over ... snowstorms and work , not a good combo- but add to that Christmas insanity and it's an allaround bad mix ... 
I am upset at the prospect that I have only seen Peyton once this entire visit- < PROPMALE > three times , and that makes me a sad panda ... :( 
Happy Chrismahanakwansika To You this Yule ... 
The end of time 2 can't come soon enough ... I can not wait until next week , new years day ... the end of the tenth doctor , AHH YES ! 
One last Christmas and several errands to run today- I think I am gonna go to Coney Island for lunch ... 
do I look like a < PROPMALE > and cheese delivery service to you ?! 
the night is still young ... but my bed summons me ... 
Is very grateful for the family he has ... Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , for your support and our amazing son , Thank you < PROPMALE > - I love you to death , Thank you mom for the love of < PROPMALE > , Thank you dad for the love of music , Thank you Gidge for the guidance , Thank you Grandma and Grandpa for the help when I am in need ... Because of all of you I have been able to acheive my goals and succeed in my steps towards my dreams . Love you . 
Happy 2011 Everybody !! 
Tangled was pretty cool , < PROPMALE > didn't care much for it , but his mom and dad liked it :D 
Why can't fuckin mothernature take a rest for like a week- I need to make to Kearney to sign up for classes tomorrow ... and they're calling for more snow and wind and shit ... I really do hate this land of schizophrenic mothernature .... 
heading out into the cold ... heading to K-Town to sign up for classes ... wish me a safe journey ... I am going to drive SLOW ... er than usual ... I should make it there by noon ... 
I am signed up now , Music and Sociology ... now heading home ... 
is home now ... 
iss COOOOOOLLLLLLLDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
I can't wait for next week .... matter of fact : it can't come soon enough ... 
FML : my first day of school is on Tuesday , and my car that's supposed to take me there , doesn't start ... fuck my life ... 
' Well , you know what , I blame whoever is in charge of keeping everything up to date and efficiently ordered . Now . Who would that be ? ' 
One day down , the easy one where all they do is introduce themselves and talk about the syllabus and alittle about what we covered in class ... yay ... i am DOOMED :D 
Wow- two things ... music class was cancelled today due to technical difficulties , and an old classmate of mine from here is teaching and living in Uganda in Africa ... reading abit on his life it's stupid crazy how much he's accomplished in his life so far ... something to try and aspire to ... 
so the car still doesn't start- even though its warm out- I need to wait for the snow to melt ( whenever that is ) to try and replace the fuel filter ... hope that works other wise I am spendin 250 on a fuel pump ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I love thinking about the future in general , but don't like pigeon holing myself into one concrete future cause I never know what is going to happen ... 
I go to mail a package today and I forgot today is MLK day ... so yeah , stupid me ... laugh it up ! 
So ... what to do ... I have homework , laundry , a desk to clean off , and NCIS LA to watch ... also need to clean our bedroom ... like I said , what to do , what to do ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... 
you know for how flawwed Vampire Diaries is compared to the books , I honestly can't wait for the new episodes to start tomorrow ... 
arrg ... brains ... 
Yesterday should forever live in Infamy ... I will miss you Waldenbooks ... FUCK YOU BORDERS !!! 
Ever do anything right ? remind me how that feels ... 
Alexander : the true gentleman ; Emery : the coolest kid ever ... 
So I finally get my ipod to connect to UNKs wifi service ... and facebook keeps erroring out ... FML 
Why is it that when you order something on Friday and select overnight- you get it Monday ? Anyways , I can't wait for Monday- I get my new cell phone ! 
My new phone likes the weather in Washington , Nebraska ... I live in Grand Island . 
don't drink don't drive fast don't smoke , they say ... I say KISS MY ASS ! ~ the Saints 
Yeah because I sped thru the test , two questions I KNEW , I answered completely wrong ... I could have had a 105 ... Sad face ... 
Bought a bad ass camcorder today ... thank you < PROPFEMALE > & and anyone else who happens to give me birthday money , cause that is what it went to . 
I get to go back to work tomorrow ... Awesome ... 
This is me , signing off ... I am rebuilding , then waiting for the final two components of my computer ... a processor and a pair of video cards ... I will be signing back on with my phone , but don't expect quick replies or anything until I at least have my processor , which should arrive on St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ... 
FINALLY !!! 
Is hoping that some dreams really don't come true ... oh and BTW < PROPFEMALE > vus suck ... 
Got a 90 on my second sociology test ... woot - woot ! 
LOL @ < PROPFEMALE > ... sorry sis I agree 
Why is the FAB so fucking hot , yet the library is freezing cold ??! 
Totally random fact : I have a box of < PROPFEMALE > Grahams 
Totally random fact ... I need to move our internet and my desk sometime soon^tm 
Is it ok to want a $ 2,600 program ? 
so was going to drive tonight , then decided that I should stay home tonight and sleep ... five hours til I need to wake up and drive my happy ass to class ... 
So they finally came out with the new < PROPMALE > book pros ... about freaking time ... 
Amazon FAILS to impress me , my pre-order will not ship until JUNE ... ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME ?? 
So , I have a weird fan in my case that will work ... sometimes ..., if I tap my case it works ... for about two minutes then shuts off again ... at least now I know why it was so LOUD !... stupid fan ... what a waste of $8 dollars plus ship ... 
Kick-Ass with < PROPMALE > , definitely lived up to its name ... 
Damn !!!!! Evga notified me about restocking their cards --- a couple minutes later already sold out 
3D World of Warcraft = FUCKING AMAZING !!!!! 
So Viaero just told me that the interwebs won't connect on the SNAP plan anymore ... Boo- so now I need a contract to just use my web enabled phone- something is definitely wrong with this picture ... 
Wow ... 9 years is a long time- here's to many many more love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
1 paper , 1.5 Reviews , and two finals- on two different days ... then Spring Semester is complete ... oh and tomorrow is my only day off til Tuesday ... 
Ok ... sense for my phone is amazing ... now if only I could keep the Facebook off my contacts ... ps sorry < PROPFIRST > Mullen 
Maybe a 1000 deposit isn't such a bad thing for reliable service 
Holy Crap- I got a 100 on a quiz I thought I bombed last week in Sociology ... that's Awesome !! Now all I have to do is score a 92 or higher and I will have an A in sociology , I think I did at least a B if not higher in Intro to Music . 
I got a 4.0 GPA this semester ! A's in both Intro to Sociology , and Intro to Music- my ROFLcopter goes woot woot !! HELL YEAH !! 
i has a headache ... 
I have to go see the doctor , I wish it was the mad one with a blue box , but I can't sleep , and my apt is at 9 ... 
Why should I ? 
GO is so good ... 
New < PROPFIRST > Hood movie was meh- but racin go karts- was awesome ... 
I really hate phone tag 
I need more Atmosphere in my life- cause when life gives you lemons ... YOU PAINT THAT SHIT GOLD !! 
Why does the Kingdom Hearts series always have to end so -- depressing ... if this is how the series will be , makes me wonder how crushing they can really make XIII Versus , as the Squeenix crew have already said it will be the saddest game anyone has played , EVAR !!... I really hope not ... 
I really harbor a deep and terrible hatred of liars ... you know the type , the ones that tell you one thing never expecting to hear from you again , and then when you are checking back with them about stuff- the lies they told you come to the surface ... yeah- those type of people , and at first it's one thing as an easy way of letting one go , but it's another if those lies are what is keeping one from a job ... 
ABOUT FUGGIN TIME !!!! : Torchwood Series 4 confirmed for next summer ... Next Summer can't come soon enough !!! Welcome Back , Captain < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Is there a way to delete my FaceBook account ? I don't want to be on here anymore ... hell , I don't want to be anywhere anymore , and the more I keep thinking about it ... maybe I am not really needed at all on here or anywhere ... if I start walking , I may never look back , and if I start running- I will never know how I got there , so there'd be no way for me to return ... 
It's gonna be alright ... It'll be ok ... one day I will do this , and make things right one way or another ... but for now ... everything's gravy ... 
It's hot and I'm tired of thinking on this ... I want to sleep ... 
Nothing I do seems to help in this at all ... even sleep doesn't help me ... what to do , what to do ... 
I want to talk to you , but you don't even understand what I'm trying to tell you ... 
I am trying not to see or hear or feel what it is that I see or hear or feel ... I hope that sooner or later , this goes away as I hate thinking like this ... one day and soon I will keep that promise I made but for now , I just want to rest and overcome this and be content too ... 
So , was it good for you ? 
Now then , back to bed ... alarms are set for eleven ... 
At taco < PROPFEMALE > , with G 
Well , today may have not been a good day to do this anyways ... maybe next week ... 
Boredom is picking at my brain ... 
Today is going to be the suck ... 
Needs to eat , yet isn't feeling well enough the do so ... I ... might force me out of bed to get some noms 
Peanut butter toast ... yum , but I wish I had some apple barn apple butter ... 
This sucks , the TITANS lost ... :-( preseason doesn't matter anyways right ... off to work 
My Nexus is about to go the way of one of my best friend's phones ... out the car window down the highway !! 
WHAT DOES EVERYBODY WANT ???!! 
Can I possibly not think about stuff for like a day or two , I am really willing to give anything ... please just stop already ... 
9.9 Can I go magic . poof ? 
Why is this happening again , can't ( place which ever higher powers you believe in here ) give it a rest ... it's annoying , cryptic , and I do NOT want to repeat it really ... it was bad enough the first time , second time , and I know third time is the charm , but seriously : NO MORE 
Is getting sick and tired of being sick and tired ... I can't wait for Saturday , Monday or next month already ... 
Is it wrong to want to see someone I haven't seen in over a decade ? 
I love the rain ... I just wish that the mist would wash away this pain ... 
yes cause screaming always worked 
I can't fight with you anymore , because I don't want to . I can't stand by idly and listen to your interpretations of my thoughts and dreams either . 
It's not pain , it doesn't have that spoon dull sting , it's something else I am going through so before you harp on me about what I say or how I feel , 
Maybe you should ask , but be prepared for the answers when you don't like what you hear , do NOT take what I am going through and spin into to something it's not 
I may love someone regardless of this , that doesn't mean anything . I am in love with you , no one else , but I will not fight you anymore . Next time , I am done . 
The last four statuses go together ... that is my thoughts as of right now , I am usually a very forgiving person or maybe I really am that dumb to stay . 
I really wish that it was easy to take back everything , but it's not , if it was I would have a long time ago- salvaging what little pieces I could . Everything is ending and that is how I feel . You push me , ghode me , and all around have no faith in me about how I feel ... to which all I have to say is this : ... 
Whatever has been said , \ 
whatever has been done , \ 
tears have been bled , \ 
blood has been spilt , \ 
and our relationship is really starting to wilt . 
There is nothing to fear , but fear itself . And spiders . 
I look forward to the places I will go , the people I will meet , and looking forward to seeing people I haven't seen in a whiles ... I am honestly excited ... 
Officially on Verizon ... 
Seven minutes ... 
Poetic Justice is another way of saying < PROPFEMALE>'s a Bitch ... 
After a short detour , on our way to Kearney , got to get some supplies ... 
So < PROPMALE > , do you wanna try ? 
Road trippin ' with my sister to the Massacre ... 
I guess the quote is true ... where I walk , I walk alone ... 
Shit you hear or see while waiting in line ... 
The outcasts of society , fucking rock socks ... 
Things you shouldn't see waiting in line at a gothy rock concert : an old lady with a cane ... and yes she's here for the show , with her husband ... 
Don't text me , I'm at the Massacre ... 
Skynet is real ya'know ~ Chibi 
I have come to realize that people are like webs , with them in the middle ... they all have something that makes it very hard to ' stop talking ' to them ... and yes to the one that will for certain read this , this is directed at you ... 
Ok , I don't know how , and I definitely don't understand why , but for the last five or six days , you have a knack for waking me up with your FaceBook posts . I am not subscribed and a lot of times I don't care what you have to say , so how do I feel this way ? 
Ok- I think I am going to BOMB Japanese ... my teacher- is French ... go figure ... 
English was ok , now off to < PROPFIRST > ... 
Old School Gir : TAAAAAAAAQQQQQQQQQQQQQQQUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wow , that was ghetto ... I made an agreement with the old director , and the new director isn't honoring it ... so much for the < PROPFIRST > House ... 
Are Mondays always like this ... 
I think today is like , my terrible no good very bad day ... I should draw an invisible castle in a pitch white blizzard , and see if my teacher will appreciate it , that should round out today on a perfectly crap Monday . I am wondering if this is really a blessing in disguise ... 
Ugh- I can't sleep , I want to call you , but I don't want to bicker either , and I know I need to sleep as I have to be up in like 5 hours , but I just want to tell you everything on my mind- and I love you < PROPFEMALE > Hendrickson 
Now that that is out of my system , I hope I rest easier ... Good night , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > - I love you both this much -arms stretched out- 
Just close the door , it's all coming back to me , \ 
be still my heart , cause it's all coming back ... \ 
\ 
Class today was good , and I just want to sleep- Something on the wall screamed for my attention earlier and I went back and read the item , and I think I am going to apply for the Sigma Tau < PROPFEMALE > ... as I have A's in every English and Literature class I have ever taken , it seems like a good idea to me . 
< place witty status update here > 
Beginning to wonder if moving to Kearney would be easier to study after all ... 
Feels like he's gonna explode ... my body is twitchy , and I'm very warm ... warmer than usual ... maybe I'm sick ... I don't know ... 
I think I need to go lie down ... 
Yeah- I wanted to get up and leave two hours ago , maybe I do fail at this whole leaving thing ... that should be obvious by now , I guess ... 
there are steps that no one ever wants to take ... \ 
there are paths that no one ever wants to walk ... \ 
there are thoughts that no one ever wants to think ... \ 
the people that do take these steps down these paths through their thoughts , \ 
are brave beyond reason ... 
@.@ Hello @.@ 
I am so hyper ... I make Rebel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ? look lethargic ... LOL ! 
... * yawn * it's been a long day , my son has a viral infection which is hampering his movement of his hip , I am crashing hard from whatever made me hyper as hell last night , and I want to write ... but am so exhausted I am literally blinking out the screen ... zzz ... 
It's going to be a long day ... 
night has been made ... \ 
my head aches fade ... \ 
hope for a good night ... \ 
and less of sleeps plight ... 
the bed calls me like Cthulhu ... \ 
and thus the dreams begin ... \ 
they tell me that I missed you ... \ 
I can't wait to see you again ... \ 
but as the dreams turn blue ... \ 
I curse this life that I'm in ... \ 
soon I will awake like you ... \ 
and wonder how you're doin ' ... \ 
I'll repeat the day without you ... \ 
until the bed calls back again ... 
Whoa ... what was that ? I've never had a dream like that before ... 
This night is almost over , \ 
A new < PROPFEMALE > draws ever near , \ 
The darkness is passing , \ 
And light will wash away the fear , \ 
Goddess , < PROPMALE > me serenity , \ 
To leave all that want to lear , \ 
I can't do this any more , Fate , \ 
Please take me away from here . 
Is tired ... 
eh , it's for the best ... 
so sad , to see , \ 
you fade , from me ... \ 
you fade , from me ... 
I have a very sore throat today ... ugh . \ 
Looking forward to my son's school tonight . Yay for Gavin ! \ 
Not looking forward to the other parts of tonight ... \ 
I really need to get back into the swing of going to class , assignments , and so on . \ 
Today is probably going to be one of the hardest days in my life ... 
Moving away tomorrow ... 
I'm going to miss you most of all , < PROPMALE > ... I will always , always , always love you . :'( 
I ... don't even know what to say ... I thought it would be hard , but leaving < PROPMALE > ... that shattered my heart ... I'm surprised I didn't wreck , as I couldn't see 
They're fuckin ' in my car ... ~ < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I just want this weekend over already ... 
Even on labor day , fucking Monday blows ... 
I wish things weren't the way they are ... I wish that I could stop dreaming , because the emotions in dreams are way way way , worse then in real life ... 
25 Megs and 3 hours of video chat ... today , was a good day ... tomorrow my son starts preschool ... tomorrow , will be an even better day ... congrats < PROPMALE > , I am so proud of you ! 
it's been a veird day , ya ? 
Thanks mc < PROPFIRST > , now I want to listen to the Suicide Sonata ... 
140 to 116 , I WIN !! 
It's utterly amazing how many people can be mad at you for doing what you need to do to make yourself a better person and happier with those around you . 
This weekend , just \does not compute\ " at all ... " 
I just had the worse nightmare I've had in years ... 
How can one love someone , and be happy with them , only to turn around in less than twenty four hours , and tell them they don't love you like you love them ? Then why think out the options of our lives together ? Why be happy in love with me and consider everything you want to consider- then turn around in less than a day , and say- the way you love me , I love him ? And yet you were happy with me ... 
Hello October ... I have missed you . 
I am happy again , cause I is ... Thank you everyone who let me vent , and was kind . I am in a good mood again ... and did I mention I LOVE OCTOBERS !! Special Thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , our discussion earlier allowed me to use the advice dispensed to me by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Moore , THANK YOU BOTH !!! My Two Best Friends and Best Council I could ask for !! 
Yeah- but then this happened ... :( 
As much as I would like , I would like to take a step back , and just listen with my eyes , and watch with my ears ... and yes I did say that right . I just wish ... I just wish that I could talk to you again . Like we used to before all this bull shit . Baby steps and a delicate touch with a slight finesse , and maybe ... a fresh start . Just need to stop and smell the music ... 
Tired 
Laundry ... yay me ... 
Good Night 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU 
I like you , but seriously , WHAT . THE . FUCK ?! 
Writing a letter ... Starts : Dear < PROPFEMALE > , Hey . How are you ? -- that's all I got ... I can't even write a frakking letter ... I used to crack out 20 < PROPFEMALE > letters like nothing , now I can't even write one ... ugh !? 
Hey , you , the one who watches- I am going to start calling you the Watcher . \ 
Anyways , Watcher- I know you watch this < PROPFEMALE > , and I know you watch my blog . Are you trying to see when I finally decide to stop caring ? Good luck . You'll be waiting a while , < PROPFEMALE > chérie ... a really long while . 
Oklahoma can't come soon enough < PROPMALE > ... seriously ... ugh ! 
on my way to work ... I have a very upset stomach ... ugh ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Moore , I wish I could be there . But I wanted to say again , congratulations to you and your new husband , < PROPMALE > . May your marriage be filled with blessings and happiness . I love you , Boo . Have fun in Jamaica . 
If you only knew what I would do ... 
So ... Everything WAS A Lie ... the disbelief is slowly dawning ... Wow- do I feel like a real idiot ... 
The advice given to me is invaluable , however , its going to be very very hard to not talk to people I like talking to ... ugh .. 
I agree with Rebel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ?? - I'm effin ' DONE 
DOOD- Seriously , WTF ??? 
In Two Days ... I Will Leave NE ... In Eight Days ... I Will Leave Again ... When I Get Back From Ohio , I Really Hope This Shit Is Over ... Otherwise , I Am Going To Have To Use Alternative Measures ... 
Annoyed , sleeping at < PROPMALE>'s because your new dryer takes forever ... and thanks to someone for making my night , you really rock ! 
So , what did I WIN ? An awesome new friend , a visit with < PROPMALE>'s mum , a visit with < PROPMALE > , an extra hour of work ? All the above ? I am thinking HELLS YEAH ! TODAY IS AWESOME , SO FAR !! :D :D :D 
Oh I should not have said anything ... my car diedid , ugh ... now what the fuck am I gonna do , ugh ! 
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu .... 
In Oklahoma , you don't take the road , the road takes you !! 
With a < PROPFEMALE > coke in hand , waiting for pizza ... tonight was great , and then a stupid song came on at mazzios ... fucking song ... 
I want to go to bed ... ... I are tired as hell ... 
I just want to go to bed tonight ... it's evident that happiness is going to be illusive for me , so why bother with it ... :/ 
Half way to Nebraska , about to take over the wheel . K-town ETA Midnight ... I will be demon-speedin 
correction ... were already here in k-town , and its only 1130p ... that's what I call demon speedin !! 
Shower , Pack , Gordy , GI , Charter , W . Union , Bank , Regis , Omaha , Dinner , Alexs ' , Zzzz , Taxi/Ride , Omaha , Check In , Flight , O'Hare , < PROPMALE > , Picked Up , Ride through Cuyahoga Falls , to Akron ... all by 8pm EST tomorrow .... I've got A LOT of stuff to do ... A LOT of stuff ... 
Am really looking forward to getting on the plane ... Special Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Lutz & < PROPFIRST > Mullen , for putting me up for the night ... and also to < PROPMALE > Mülayim Clinard for driving my ass to Omaha . Hopefully all goes well , in Ohio ... 
I'm leaving , on a jet plane ... don't know when I'll be back again ... 
My stomach is doing jumping jacks ... ugh , now boarding ... 
Made it safe and sound to Chicago O'Hare- I havent been here for almost 20 Years !! 
I need nosh ... hungry , and I heard there is a McDs ... now where the hell ...? 
Ok , made it to Ohio just fine ... 
I love anon questions on tumblr ... even if I do know who its from , my answer will be posted shortly . 
What to do , what to do ... 
I am sorry . :/ 
I am really really sorry ... 
Can I rip < PROPFIRST > winkle the next few years ? 
My head feels like it's gonna esplode ... owwww .... 
Bring it on ... I can't fucking wait . 
Oh joy , I love coming back to a blast furnace for an apartment ! 
I am so fucking glad to be back from Ohio . Not that the time spent with my Sister's Family wasn't nice . No I am glad all of this shit from two months ago came to it's inevitable conclusion . Now , as I said- if it continues ... I will wage jihad on a couple of people from Cuyahoga Falls ... you know who you are , and you have been warned . 
I am looking forward to tomorrow ... :D 
shower , shave , laundry , walk ... ugh , this is going to be a fun afternoon ... 
Why is it SO hard to find a car ... UGH !! 
Reason #7251 why I hate people : you list your car with no price @ less than 500 ... then ask 1500 . No wonder you still have it , asshole ... 
I think I am going to fail Friday's health inspection ... why ? Because I STILL haven't unpacked since I've moved here ... like by doing so , hits home that I moved out ... 
Yayayayayayaaaa ! 
Wow , is my life turning for the better ... :D 
I really have missed you , I didn't think that was possible ... wow , just wow ... funny I still know how you think , what you imply , well about 99%- but that other 1% , we can work on ... Good Night ... :D 
It's been a good Halloween ! 
Remember that part in Braveheart where they are getting charged by the Brits on horse back ... ' HOLD ' ever closer ... ' HOOOOLLLLDDDD ' still closer ... ' HHOOOOOOOLLLLLLLDDDDDD ' so close now ... \ 
Yeah- I hate holds . Just thought I might point that out ... I can't register til tomorrow- I have to work . UGH !! FUCKING HOLDS ... 
Sleep ... needs it ... ugh 
Nubs you sick fucker , now I have what you do ... goddammit 
So all classes are registered , but the one I REALLY want to take- but I can sign up for that today or tomorrow . I got all holds lifted and met with the instructor to get in the class I want . Yay ? I can't wait for Spring ... One Month , One Week ... Let's do this shit right this time ! 
All signed up for Spring . 
Nothing like spilling hot chocolate all over your self to wake the fuck up !! LOL :D 
I'm going through withdraws , after class tomorrow I'm rehooking up computer ... can't come soon enough ... 
Classes have gone well today so far ... 
Even though I shouldn't give a shit , why does this still eat at me ? I'm supposed to not give a fuck , yet it's eating me alive ... 
Work ... here we go ... 
my phone dieded ... :( 
Can I go home yet ? 
I'm wondering why the fuck I'm even in this class tonight ... 
Is so going to Hell . LOL ... 
Is sitting in church service for the first time since 1998 . My son will be singing soon :D 
Wow- Today's Pisces Horoscope is DEAD ON 
I love it , when < PROPFEMALE > finally runs people down that hurt me ... it reminds me that the universe is as it should be , and the universe is balanced , fair , and just . Time is the only factor I should worry about ... 
All that left is to hook up the systems , and organize my books , games , and movies ... this could be a while ... oh , and a couple of little tasks too : laundry to put away , dishes to wash , trash out , boxes destroyed- and ill finally have an apartment . LOL :D 
do you ever wonder if the person writing the horoscopes , is creepin on your life ... good god they've been spot on this week ... 
Amazing how many people from my distant past have came strolling back through my life ... make me curious who is next ... 
Now here is a question , how the hell am I in love with someone that I obviously hate ? How the fuck does that make any sense ? Does it to any of you ? 
Death is just a normal part of life ... people need to die . Let me help you . 
* SMACK * for being a dumb ass ... 
OWWW 
Thank you < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
And thus the hunt begins ... 
Surprised I topped < PROPFEMALE > , by one on the Book List ... 
If I'm self destructive , does that make you self destroyed ? 
I'm confuzzled ... I'm tired ... and I'm hot ... 
-jitter jitter- 
It's after 4 am , and I am still awake ... alright then , back to Misfits . 
Just found out the best news , I still have my financial aid for the Spring ! :D 
thank you < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > , they were very thoughtful gifts 
Happy Christmas to all , and to all good night 
Seriously sick of stupid shit . 
It's so nice our starter is an herbivore , at least CGreen can throw the fucking ball ... ... just dismayed by the last few games of the huskers ... :( 
< PROPMALE > has Strep & Influenza A ... ugh , this sucks arse ! Get well soon little one , I love you . 
First time home since saturday , and all I want is to shower ... 
I don't believe this crap ... how is it I still have not received my financial aid yet ? 
Fuck You Financial Aid office ... 
Let the spring semester , commence . 
I gots my shinies !! YEAY !!! 
I have Four Loko ... I can't wait to try it :3 
Wow , am I sleepy ... I am going to bed ... 
So much for bed ... 
Roaming Sams Club with < PROPMALE > ... :D 
Yay , more snow ... again . :-( 
Night night 
There is no spoon ... 
Class , present . Attend , task completed . Homework , not completed ... work in progess ? One hopes ... 
At least I am hete 
At least I am here , even ... :P 
Lucky , is I 
Yay ! Concert in February- something else to look forward to in February ! :D 
I got hypnotized , LOL @.@ 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > , then off to preschool :-) 
Phone tag with the older sister ... sounds like fun :P 
Four Loko and Incepton , let's find out how awesome a mind fuck film can be , if your mind is already fucked ... : $ 
School visit in about an hour ... Bring it on . 
Haircut is done , but now I need to find an eye doctor tomorrow in Grand Island . Yeh ? 
Off to get new glasses and spend the day with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > , :D 
Not as far behind as I thought ... 
Saw an 11\ Macbook Air today ... wow . Just ... wow . I'm wanting one . " 
Found what I want for my birthday ... :D 
New glasses , new shoes , and a great weekend with my family . Sans Grandma Man's service ... all in all a great weekend :D 
What kind of creep steals a bible ?? O.o 
It's so freakin ' cold out ... ugh . It's so cold the computer lab and the rest of the union feels like an ice box ... It's so cold my eyes felt that they would freeze shut walking from the FAB ... It's so cold it feels 30 below ... the high today ? 3 . When I woke up this morning at 10am it was a balmy -3 . Woot ... tomorrow is supposed to be worse . 
Spent almost $120 on food at Walmart today- should last me the rest of the semester :P For my next trick , I will be at the library working on my papers for tomorrow til about 11:30 pm , in which I will print off all of what I have done . Here's hoping I don't get so bored I fall asleep :D 
? 
? Like a Boss ? 
GI for the Weekend ? HELL YES ? 
At the monster trucks , pretty good seats with < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > , gonna be a FREAKIN GREAT night !! :D 
So its official , I'm going to A7x , StoneSour , and Hollywood Undead with < PROPMALE > & Rebel :D 
Go commercials !! I don't care for either team ... although I will root for whatever team is behind the other , the underdog is the Steelers ( surprised ) 
Missing : Warranty for Beats Tour ... Reward : Tearing up my apartment trying to find said warranty ... Results : Pending//Still Missing Response : FUUUUUU 
Ok- over 400 dollar pair of glasses , I've owned for roughly ten days- already have a small crack in one of the lenses- WHAT THE HELL LENS CRAFTERS !! 
Thank you mother nature , for making me remember that I forgot my coat ... :'( 
The game . You just lost it ... :P 
These beats sound better than my old beats ... just overall they seem much better than my old ones ... :D 
Nothing can ever be done exactly as everyone wants ... can it ? 
Currently wired ... YAHOOOOOOOO !!! 
So ... yeah , my paper is no where near even remotely completed . And it's due in seven minutes ... Looks like I am gonna have to work on it tonight ... then email it to the professor tomorrow . 
Freaked out over nothing , no one had their eight < PROPFEMALE > paper typed for today ... I skipped out for nothing ... 
Wonder if I should apply to be < PROPFIRST > ... 
How can you be called a STEAK house , and you have no steak ... not eating there ever again ... enjoy that three dollar tip , it'll be the last one you ever get from me . 
Finally !! 
Waiting sucks . 
IT SHIPPED !!! YAY !!! 
Shower then off to to the library , til class ... yip per -sarcasm- 
Tomorrow is gonna rape face ! 
IT'S HERE !!! 
Everything is falling into place , now I need to get caught up on my homework , and get a yob ... 
Here's a first , not for the faint of heart : I was über early today for class ... I know shocking right ? 
The one class I am actually NOT behind in : TE 100 . What the hell ... 
Heading to GI ... gonna be a great night :D 
Just completed my first weeks assignment for my English 217 class ... I don't know why that was so hard the last few weeks to write anything , but I think my writer's block is broken ... good thing . 
Who in their right mind would pay a whole month's rent , for only a week of stay ?? If you are required to vacate the premises , a week into the month- I think it's safe to say you're going to only need to PAY for the week , not the entire fucking month ... FUCK THAT SHIT- I will move out the end of the previous month and give them my fucking keys ... 
The new Macbook Pro's came out today , and I am going to stick with my Air . 
73 or 37 ... ouch . 
Tonight I may have decided a < PROPMALE > .. 
Scholarship fun tomorrow ... 8-10 < PROPFEMALE > s ... that has to be done tomorrow ... working on my paper right now that was due today ... yay- when I get to the library tomorrow I need to do the scholarship stuff first , then the rest of my paper ( siting sources , in paper and the works sited < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Compromise accepted . 
So you call me , and tell me that I ' have ' to ride with you . That I ' have ' to do this . And that ' I ' am the ' ass ' because I said ' I don't have to , thank you . ' where ' thank you ' is me being an ' ass ' . Um , when you tell me I have to do something- I will tell you to fuck off . I know what I need to do , I don't have to deal with you- so once again- fuck off . 
6 of 9 pages worth of poems ... this scholarship is a pain to apply for . 
Scholarship completed , next up ... pizza . :D 
I hate people today . There , are you happy I said it ? I was fine , and content then I get accused of being something I am not- you ruined my perfectly good mood- and assume that I shouldn't be upset with you because of it ? That is fucked up . Do me a favor : Leave me alone ... 
Installed OS X Lion last night and already two things pop out that piss me off , one : Power PC apps are no longer supported- such as Diablo II . And two- scrolling is backwards from Snow Leopard ... it's weird scrolling up to scroll down . Also Steam freezes- so t(\ . t ) to Apple ... I hope they fix it . " 
Dropping Lion , going back to Snow Leopard ... 
I am happy with my birthday today- I got a lot of Happy Birthdays , and Ribs , and hanging out with < PROPMALE > :D , I got a spider-man bobble head and a < PROPFIRST > Skellington key chain from < PROPMALE > , and I got my Sony DASH from < PROPFEMALE > :D . I bought a shirt for St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day , and a Pandora Sub . All in all a great day :3 
You Yabba Dabba BITCH !! 
Fuck yeah cheddar biscuits !! 
Red lobster with < PROPMALE > & Gordy , FTW ! Thanks Guys 
FUCK YOU FACEBOOK !! 
Shoot , I hope it's not too late to change that ... so I still qualify :3 
My first paren t-t eacher conference today ... I'm not ready for < PROPMALE > to be this old yet ... :'( BTW Kissed by Lightning is not a bad movie ... 
Not as far behind as I originally thought ... and that is a good thing . 
Talked to my dad today for a couple of hours ... good times . Good times . 
For extra brutality , try adding a beatdown section . 
Yeah 15\ of snow by Wednesday ... fucking lame ! " 
I am roasting alive in the Library ... I think I am going to head home to roast alive there ... after I make my bed ... 
Someone is smart , they FINALLY ... and I do mean this : FINALLY , scheduled Japanese Right . After lunch . This Fall . all my classes in the afternoon ? I am thinking yeah ! 
Pineapple pepperoni 
To specific people who witnessed or experienced my fury yesterday ... sorry . 
Wow- after this semester , my general studies section of my degree is complete ... I am surprised . 
As if school wasn't stressful enough ... 
Rain Rain Go Away , That's What All My Haters Say 
Awesome ... found out today I have a minor in Women's Studies . 
Wow ... after this semester , I am officially a senior . WTF ... 
May have 17 CR next semester ... ugh ... I have to find out if I can take a class without it's pre req . Like having to get special permission , I find this out on Wednesday afternoon , the SAME TIME I FIND OUT THE CLASS SCHED , because it's not scheduled in myblue or the sched book for this fall ... yay -.- \ " , 2011-03-14 21:41:42 " 
Ever been hit from left field with a --- what the fuck was that ? 
Sorry Overland . I fuggered up . Have a great Spring Break . 
What are y'alls doin for spring break ? I am working on English ( 100/217 ) & TE 100 papers ... spending time with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , and possibly seeing a surprise visitor ... 
So the home work begins ... 
Dubstep and a 3-4 < PROPFEMALE > paper , once completed , I am done with my homework I assigned myself today . English 217 Scratched off completed , two classes left to get caught up . Better start working on it ... > < 
Two classes caught up !! 
That sucks ... found out I have an assignment from two weeks ago ... so two assignments instead of one to be caught up in my TE100 class ... then off to English 102 for pretty much the rest of the week ... :P 
Lunch at Taco < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > , then off to school :D 
Working on this essay for English 102 , sucks ... but a necessary evil that will be done today before I go to bed . 
is tired , grumpy , and irritated . Leave me alone and let me fucking sleep . 
Papers effin blow ... 
18,492 Good Number :D 
My fucking luck , victim of a hit & run- and the douche left their licence plate in my boot/trunk- assholes >:( 
That would be hella nice ... They found the bastard that pulled a hit and run on my Taurus . My car's frame is fucked . My car is more than likely totaled . I don't have to worry about a car until August . So ChaChing ? I think yes . 
So got caught up in all but one of my classes , spent all my time off with my son and fiance , picked up my brother from the Airport ( whose on leave from Afghanistan ) , packed up all my books and dvds , went through and threw away all my magazines- except those I had to keep , and had my Taurus destroyed by a drunk driver . What did you do on Spring Break ? 
Well , that's good to hear . Now I just need to get it DONE . 
A- , A , D , and ? All I need to do is complete those assignments , and I have respectable grades this semester . The D don't worry about- once Regis and I do our group presentation and the final test is graded , I have a feeling at least a B if not an A will be in order ... 
Heading back to Kearney later tonight ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is pregnant again , here's hoping for a baby girl :D 
Just bought an iPhone 4 from Verizon :D 
Today was April Fools ' Day . As such , I don't head back to Kearney til Sunday , I don't have an iPhone 4 , and as far as we know- no , < PROPFEMALE > is not pregnant . 
Today is going to top off a great weekend , family lunch , possibly looking at a house , steak with friends , then watching Wrestlemania ! Gonna be a good Sunday :D 
