is loved by the most incredible woman in the world ! 

is looking forward to tasty brownies his sweetheart is making . :D 
is looking forward to getting home to his girl and getting his boys for the next two weeks ! 
Is off to drop the kids at camp and continue the search for employment - ANY employment at this point ! 
Our car died and the AAA that we thought expired in August was canceled . :( 
can't sleep - again . 
is back from Oregon . New friends , long missed family . Too bad it couldn't have been under better circumstances . 
is wondering how the hell he lived with spawn-oven for 9 1/2 years . Oh yeah , I was heavily medicated with Paxil and Morphine ( with Vicodin chasers ) for the last 4 of them . 
is enjoying the last week with his boys until winter break . 
finally have power after the PUD blew a transformer trying to fix another one . 
is already missing his boys . The next two weeks will be very long . 
is back on the Morning Report every Friday - ugh is this early !! :P 
is eager to get his boys this weekend , and already thinking about what to bring and do in < PROPMALE > . 
is already missing the boys . 2 weeks until < PROPMALE > ! 
is looking forward to next weekend in < PROPMALE > ! 
is enjoying TX . Off to San < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . 
is home after a short , fun trip . 
just got a call for a short contract position installing network equipment nearby ! It's only a 1-day job , but it's industry experience that could lead to more ! 
finished my first tech assignment . $75 for an hour of work is definately nice . 
is at work ... at least physically . 
is amazed everyday at how much my girlfriend loves me . How did I end up with such a wonderful woman ! 
As resources are centrally located , this provides administrators with better access and control over security of equipment . 
Had a wonderful Thanksgiving with a wonderful girl ! 
is hoping his girlfriend finishes the e-book she's reading soon so she'll get up from the computer again . :P 
Yes , I gave in and followed the herd posting baby pics . :P 
Is worried for downtown and Keaukaha . Hopefully there won't be too much surge behind it and it will only wet the foundations in town . 
\The Linux philosophy is to laugh in the face of danger . Oops . Wrong one . Do it yourself . That's it . \ " - Linus Torvalds " 
Woot !! Basketball is over ! I've worked more in the last two weeks than the previous six ! Now back to the job search grind . 
trying to motivate myself to get in shape and ready to fight at Honeywar . 
is downloading SC2 beta ! Hehe - oh , yeah ! 
This must be what going mad feels like . 
has had a great weekend with my boys : Honeywar AND an air show - the best of both worlds ! 
Yay for Tiki Party !! I needed that ! 
Only two things are \ 
infinite , the universe and human stupidity , and I'm not sure about the \ 
former . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
just lost my girlfriend to a book series - she just got the latest installment . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Moore is captured . His mother had no comment to the press , but hired a lawyer - not a defence lawyer for her minor son , but an entertainment lawyer to handle negotiations for book and movie deals . 
is bummed that I can't see my kids this week until friday anyway . At least I can keep them an extra 2 days into next week . 
read a great quote in an MMORPG : Welcome to the internet - where the girls are men , the men are kids , and the kids are FBI agents . 
gots his boyz ! 
is biding his time until monday ... when his boys come back ! 
gets his boys back tonight - can't get a better gift than that ! 
Thanks , everyone , for the birthday wishes ! 
stayed up to play a game of SC2 - it rocks ! 
is really hoping to get approved for the apartment soon . 
It looks like we'll be approved for the apartment once our income has been verified ( paperwork being turned in tomorrow) ! 
it's final - we move to < PROPFEMALE > next friday ! 
watched some amazing meteors with the boys tonight . I've seen little white streaks before , but these were big , long-lasting lines of fire ! We even saw a couple explode at the end ! 
is about 75% moved in . Much thanks to Margerie , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Gery for getting most of our stuff up here ! 
has an awesome girlfriend . :D 
< PROPFIRST > is definitely growing up . The budding teenager generally tried to sit apart from us during the open house at school . All in all , it went well . :D 
has come to the conclusion that while he shows a few flashes of competence , Dixon sucks . 
has great friends , a great girlfriend , but still misses his boys . 
cleaned up all the application spam - unintended consequences of allowing kids to use Facebook to play games on my account ! lol 
oooh , thunder ! 
is preparing to deal with the idiots on the road who can't handle even a dusting of snow . Hopefully they just stay home ! 
OMG people are so stupid !!! People are putting chains on their tires when the roads are bare !!! Just because there's a little snow doesn't make it a natural disaster , people ! 
mmmmm - home-made beef & barley soup ! I have an awesome girlfriend ! 
Good friends , good food , ca-RAZY kids !! It was good to see them all having fun , though . A very good night through and through . 
Just woke up , sitting in my warm living room sipping coffee with my beautiful girlfriend , and laughing at the frustrated people out in the cold to just miss all the deals for Black Friday ! Am I evil ? Yeah , sure - I'll go with that ! 
To all my ACS friends , I hope you get back to work quickly . 
is hoping I get home in time to watch my Steelers give Baltimore their first home loss this season . 
Yes , < PROPFEMALE > , the Seahawks won . An hour ago . Now shut up so I can go home !!!! 
is finally going home - hopefully I'll get to see the Steelers smack down the Ravens even if the refs throw another 150+ yards of penalties . 
Actually found BDUs for < PROPFIRST > . Hopefully I'll get his membership in next week ! 
Is it sad when your defence outscores your offence ... or does it mean your defence is just that awesome ! 
suddenly finds himself a Saints fan . 
ugh - the Ravens win the one game they had a < PROPMALE > to lose , and Pittsburgh has 2 games they have to really push through to win ( Jets and Browns ) . 
What is it with the Steelers insisting on doing things the hard way ? 
is thankful for awesome friends and family . 
I hate my sinus cavities . mostly clear until I lay down to sleep , then WHAMMO ! Can't use the CPAP if I can't breath through my nose , which means no sleep for me ! 
is off to Oregon to pick up Will from his CAP encampment . No heater means 6 hours of CCCOOOLLLDDD !!! 
Taxes done ! Ah , the simplicity of not spending enough to need to itemize . 
Woot ! Steelers are going to the Superbowl ! 
Insomnia , take me away ! 
While I don't mind the snow , I'm glad I don't have to go anywhere today with the idiots that can't wrap their heads around how to drive in it . 
is still amazed at how wonderful my girlfriend is . 
is relieved that so far none of my friends in Hawai'i were messed up by the tsunamis . 
Today I < PROPFIRST > the passing of a truly special woman . I find that I'm not in mourning , but rather reflecting on the positive ways she impacted my life . < PROPFIRST > will be missed but , even more so , she will < PROPFEMALE > on through us . 
