I flew into Norfolk , Va . at 3:00 this afternoon . The high today when I landed was 32` . Man , there's an island somewhere south of here with my name on it ! 

I cleared the medical screenings today , so I'll be on my way after a couple of short schools . OooRahh !! 
My first choice for tonights game was that the Big One would hit during the first quarter , that the ground would open up and swallow both teams . But , I thought about it and realized that the SEC couldn't win four in a row if that happens . So , out of necessity , I have to pull for you ....... Enjoy this because you will never hear me say it again ........... Go Alabama . 
M . Ingram looks good tonight ! Did he play against Auburn ? Oh Yeah , HE GOT STUFFED ! Heisman me that ! 
I wanted to wish my Mother , < PROPFEMALE > , a very Happy 73rd Birthday . Born January 8 , 1937 . I love you , Mom ! 
I wanted to wish my Mother , < PROPFEMALE > , a very Happy 73rd Birthday . Born January 8 , 1937 . I love you , Mom ! 
I will be on a mandatory 48 hour FB Rehab . See you all on the other side ! 
I am officially safe and sound accross the pond with my toes in the sand . Pictures and more to follow soon . Thank's for the prayers ! 
It's Kuwait's Liberation day . Imagine an arabian < PROPFIRST > Rockwell with flags on every building , tent , and vehicle and you will have a pretty good idea of what it's like . An interesting hodge-podge of nationalism , sandstorms , and rampant littering while cars pass you at 100mph with their lights off ! 
Happiness can be found anywhere , you just have to be willing to search for it ! 
When life deals you sand , make Big Ass Sand Castles ! 
is REALLY missing Atkins Park , a Maker's and Coke , and Jager shots with his friends ! 
I take the exam for Chief tomorrow . Pray for me if you do , and cross your fingers for me if you don't! 
I took the exam this morning . And , as usual , I couldn't tell you if I aced it or bombed it . It's always like that for me . so it's nothing new . Thank you all for the support . And hopefully , this will be my time ! 
Happy Easter Everyone ! Funny .... I'm celebrating the resurrection with a pagan fertility observance in a muslim country while I'm working for a government that doesn't want any involement with religion at all . Strangely ironic ..... 
I saw an incredible sun rise and had a beautiful day . Happy Easter everyone ! 
Well , the first half of this is done . I have made the board for Chief . My package goes in the mail tomorrow . ( All two pages of it ! ) It is now out of my control . The board will convene soon and I should know the results by June . To say that I really need this would be a large understatement . Any and all prayers and best wishes are very much welcomed and appreciated ! 
Happy Cinco de Mayo ! Which I think is Mexican for ' Let's tie one on ' . Mrs. < PROPFIRST > might be terribly dissappointed with my translation , but I never claimed to pay very much attention in her class anyway !............. Ole ~ ~ Ole ~ Ole ~ Ole ! 
Happy Mother's Day ! I am very thankful for all that my Mom has done for me . And I am even more thankful to still have her with us . I love you , Mom ! 
\Two Reasons Why It's So Hard To Solve A Redneck Murder : The DNA all matches & There are no dental records . \ " ~ Thanks < PROPFIRST > - great line ! " 
I get to ride a camel today , pictures to follow ! 
Real Sailors say ' Aye , Aye'! Leave all of the Ooo Rahh's to the Marines !! 
The power went out in the PCB for about four hours this afternoon . All of the day checkers left and went to raise hell somewhere else for a change . First peaceful sleep that I've had in weeks . Seven hours of dreams . AAaaaahhhhhhh REM SLEEP ! :D 
ATTEND WELL TO YOUR CHARACTER , AND YOUR REPUTATION WILL LOOK OUT FOR ITSELF . Rollins < PROPMALE > wrote this and it was too good to pass up . If you've been around long enough , you'll remember < PROPMALE > . Good Shipmate , great man ! 
The Navy is only going to make one AT Chief this year . That's why I believe that you have better odds of knowing someone who has won the Lottery than a living , breathing ATC . I know two people who are very much over due for the position . < PROPFIRST > Allred and I have each been at this for the past twenty-two years or so . If you pray , please remember these two old wanna be Goats ! Thanks ! 
I finally broke down and bought Drivin's ' Mystery Road ' for my ipod . So many memories of Auburn and nights that didn't end until well after the sun was up , I'm missing the Supper Dump and Drunk Creek ! Here's to a WELL rounded education ..... WAR EAGLE !! 
For many of my KILO friends , we have finally been here long enough for this to apply . Please feel free to post at will . When I get home , I am going to .............. 
I was just thinking about < PROPFEMALE > Bullock in the Blind Side .......... Jesse < PROPFIRST > , you're a dumbass ! 
Noteable Quotes :\ 
\ 
\Always be nice to the people who can't talk back to you ! \ " - Pres . H . S . < PROPMALE > " 
I highly recommend downloading the live < PROPMALE > Brown concert from Atlanta onto your Ipod . Great show by a lot of the different musicians from the area ( including < PROPMALE > from Rollin ' in the Hay - took me way back to when I had more brain cells ) . GREAT BAND ! 
' The reward of suffering is experience . ' ~ < PROPMALE > S . < PROPMALE > \ 
I wonder if old < PROPMALE > ever spent any time over here during the Summer ? 
So , I have several friends who are in some stage of potty training ..... Just what is an appropriate response ?..... You all know that I'm hopelessly single . And I really doubt ' I'm glad that everything came out right ' would be viewed as the correct show of support ! 
Late June . When all of the good 1st Classes are hopeful that the < PROPMALE > will reward them for their hard work and prayers ! Good Luck my brothers and sisters ! 
\We have always found the < PROPFEMALE > a bit odd . They refuse to be English . \"- < PROPMALE > Churchill " 
In reading the lives of great men , I found that the first victory they won was over themselves ... self-discipline with all of them came first . ~ H.S. < PROPMALE > 
Life is a lot more humorous when you talk like pirate ! AAArrrgg !!! 
I wanted to thank everyone for all of the Birthday wishes . I am running WAY late and I apologize . I was in Qatar during the week of my B'day and I got to have a Rare steak and REAL BEER ! MOOOooooo !! Since then , I have had my hands full testing and getting ready for my board for my EXW Designator . I can't wait for it to be over . Again , thank you all for the kind words , I had a great time ! 
The CPO list is out and the news is VERY good . I made it . THANK GOD ! Very few get to wear this anchor . And , I will do my best to live up to this responsibility . I have a long list of people that I need to thank for investing their time and efforts in getting me ready for this honor . I can not begin to tell you how thankful I am for the example that has been set by all of you . I have very big shoes to fill ! 
If you're up to your eyeballs in the sand and need a reminder of what open water looks like , check this out !..... Warning , not for the kids !! \ 
http://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=1425291443734 
I passed my EXW murder board tonight . My final board will be on August 4th or 5th . I'm almost finished ! 
Today , spell check is my best friend . My brain is refusing to cooperate ! 
has been listening to Chesney , Sugarland , and Zac Brown . I can't wait to plant my feet on a < PROPFIRST > beach , boat drink in hand , and enjoy the surf ! 
Time to < PROPFIRST > Goal #1 for this mob off of my list . I have officially passed my EXW boards and I will be pinned on August 11 . Induction starts in < PROPMALE > SOON !! 
And so it begins !........... 
He who has a why to live for , can bear almost any how ! - Nietzche by way of MNC < PROPMALE > . 
I would like to sincerely thank everyone who worked so hard to give me this opportunity . And now the real work begins ! 
WAR EAGLE ! 
I'm finally home . Family and friends , home cooked meals , grass and trees .... Life is very good ! 
Catching the game at Atkins Park . WAR EAGLE !! 
Just saw this on the Discovery Channel , < PROPMALE > Gore has just linked Cam < PROPMALE > to Global Warming . 
Cam < PROPMALE > is now being investigated on criminal charges related to intentional cruelty to animals . \ 
Apparently , video evidence has surfaced that he has intentionally \ 
applied beatings in recent weeks to bulldogs , hogs , tigers , chickens , \ 
rebel bears , wild cats , wolves , hawks , and snakes . He has publicly \ 
stated that he intends on beating ...... more dawgs , elephants , gators , and \ 
ducks in the coming weeks . 
Tonight's dinner was a smothered porkchop in thick mushroom gravy , fried cabbage , carrots in a brown sugar cream sauce , and broccoli with cheddar cheese . Home , fat and happy ! 
WOW ! WDE ! The 3rd time was the charm . Thank you Auburn University ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > . And a special thank you to my aunt who was willing to pull for us inspite of her devotion to UA ! Now , its time to buy some game gear . I might even have to buy her a shirt . WDE ! 
