is off to a full day of nothing 

found an awsome used book store in Calais , and is sitting back reading some < PROPMALE > Cornwall . 
is off to the flying dutchmen for paintball , Oh Yeah . 
is of too work at the dump , man what a fun job .... 
the jeep is broken down , again ... 
is going to see < PROPFIRST > Colbert ! 
just got a job working with horses for the summer . 
is back from an evening trip in the canoe . 
is physically , spiritualy , mentally , and grammatically exhausted , as well as sun burned ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter tomorrow night anyone ? 
Presque Isle from tomorrow till go know when , oh joy 
has returned to civilization 
If one were to look up the term farmers tan it would simply state see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > for details . 
The hay is finally in and I can dedicate the rest of my day to all that I aspire to . Which is of course nothing . 
Plan for tomorrow , that way you don't have to do anything today ! 
Packing , and then off too school ! 
Loafing in Machias 
Arrrgggh 
Don't worry , be happy .... 
Fire alarms stink , but French Vanilla Coffee more than makes up for it .. 
hungry , and very bored ... 
Watching Adventureland while working front desk .. 
is pretty awesome ... and doesn't even know it !! 
ecstatic ... 
Mint OVERLOAD !! 
Damned Zombie movies , they're so distracting ... 
< PROPFEMALE > of the Dead and lobster or homework ..... Well there go all priorities ... 
Rehearsal on my day off from 12- 8 ? Sounds wonderful ... I'm going to go cry now .... 
Has a brand new haircut .... 
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time , and your government when it deserves it -- < PROPFIRST > Twain 
What a day .... 
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow . ~ Charlotte Brontë 
It is going to be one long week .... 
Opening Night !!! 
\The < PROPMALE > is to you Mondego \"- < PROPMALE > Dantes " 
\For well you know that its a fool who plays it cool by making his world a little colder \"- Hey < PROPFIRST > " 
anoying is to aggraviting , as boring is to front desk . I'm not sure if this makes that much sense , but oh well ... 
is fearing for his sanity ... 
feels like crap ... 
This is the path where all paths converge 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Has returned to machias , and consequently forgotten his cell phone in his car , oh well !! 
Reading < PROPMALE > history , and then philosphy followed by a trip to the bank , and then who knows ? 
has salsa and corn chips !! :-) 
Frozen Salsa , NOOO !! 
Has only just returned from a snowy and adventurous woodland romp , capping off a more than decent day ! 
has returned to Machias with a phone that is out of batteries , a Jeep that is out of gas , and class in fifteen minutes !! 
what a day ... 
If you have it , you don't need to have anything else , and if you don't have it , it doesn't matter much what else you have- Sir < PROPFIRST > M < PROPFEMALE > 
There is no Bodhi-Tree , there is just the void ... A dose of Eastern Philosophy to improve your day ... 
These pretzels are making me thirsty ! - Seinfeld 
Studying < PROPMALE > History in the Galley .... 
Is it the man that makes the journey or the journey that makes the man ? 
A late night snowshoe followed by The Last of the Mohicans , sounds like a plan .... 
Wrapping presents !! 
Enjoying a good cup of vanilla/green tea 
Keep me searchin ' for a heart of gold ... 
is now six dollars poorer but is now the proud owner of two brand new hardcover books as well as a Gadsden flag ... Thank you ebay !!! 
\A brave man likes the feel of nature upon his face . \ " \ " but a wise man has enough sense to get of the rain . \"- Big Trouble In Little < PROPFEMALE > " 
< PROPFIRST > is back !!! 
Zombieland at 8 ! 
Front desk ... 
Front Desk again 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand , that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% ... won't copy and paste this ... They have been eaten by dragons . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
Is at work , and enjoying a fairly relaxing evening . 
The closest I've come to the brink of death was the night I punched < PROPMALE > Crowe , The Gladiator , in the head- Gaelic Storm 
Just bought the across the Universe limited edition ... Thank you Ebay 
* WARNING * Symptoms of Valentines Day , or VD , may include nausea , vomiting , 1st , 2nd , and even 3rd degree burns , and may also cause mild seizures . Be sure to avoid close contact with the infected as VD is easily transmittable . 
has returned from Bangor with a good book , a full stomach , and a warning to others not to see < PROPMALE > Gibson's movie 
Damn you Montezuma ! 
has no cell phone , and couldn't care less . :-) 
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone , Only darkness everyday , Ain't no sunshine when she's gone , And she's always gone to long , anytime she gone away .. 
Your mother was a Hamster and your father smelled of elder berries !!! 
Opening Night !! 
Take your time , but don't take mine Lose yourself , but don't lose your mind 
Saint Pattys behind a desk , not what I expected , but lemon < PROPFEMALE > from lemons , lets tie some flies .... 
Still the rain kept falling , falling from my ears , and I wonder still I wonder , who'll stop the rain ? 
Can see !! Hooray for contact lenses !! 
Kabobs + open fire + various other foodstuffs = a very good night . This is math I can handle 
Starry , starry night , paint your pallet blue and grey , look out on a < PROPFEMALE > day- < PROPMALE > McLean 
Call me Ishmael ... 
just washed aspirin down with cough syrup , at least i'm able to be manly and sick at the same time ... 
hates modern < PROPMALE > ... 
How do you measure a year in the life ... 
Is off to Boston 
When did Maine develop a rainy season ? I mean seriously .... 
Is about to set off for the wilds of MDI , should be a good day ! 
Deans list , BooYah !! 
Has a tan line where he parts his hair , wow ... 
Uva Uvam Videndo Varia Fit 
Has successfully stormed Canada , been witness to three excellent country bands , and has returned with a freshly autographed cd . A good day ! 
The oldest rhythm is the shuffle of the going and gone ... Corb Lund 
If anyone would care to observe the beautiful , new , and of course artistically designed roof of the Dunkin Donut's in Calais you may simply thank me , and Skip ( my cousin and boss , who did most of the work ) , for keeping your donuts dry and your coffee warm 
Last weekend before moving back to Machias on Wednesday , time to make it count . Paintball in the morning ... 
Packing and then bound for Machias for a few ... Well , more like eternity ... 
There's something about horses , especially a paint\ 
Whenever I see horses I see a path I didn't take ~ Corb Lund 
Hurricane < PROPMALE > really needs to man up , this is just sad . It's not even raining !! 
Now has a new phone . Tomorrows objective , making it operational 
is attempting to make his hair as curly as possible 
A system restore might be in store for my computer in the near future . The fact that it no longer recognizes that it has an audio device could be a problem . 
Bringing out the hat oh yeah ..... 
is doggedly trying to fix his broken computer 
A man ought to do what he thinks is right- The Duke 
Just finished his home work for the evening , and hopes he is as pleased with his essays in the morning as he is now . 
I'd love to change the world , but I don't know what to do , so i'll leave it up to you ~ Ten Years After 
There's nothing like a nice piece of hickory ~ < PROPMALE > Eastwood 
, unlike New Hampshire , is not duty free 
Someone tell Lady Luck that I'm stuck here ~ Little Shop 
is Gellin ' 
It's not that funny , you are not part of the studio audience , stop laughing , please you sound like a herd of loons jacked up on LSD . If only Loons were legal hunting .... 
I don't know , I don't know , I have so , so many strong , reservations 
\Well it's forty bellow and I don't give a *&%^\ 
Change your facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook til Monday , December 6th . Joing the fight against child abuse and help raise awareness on this issue , copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same ! 
is quite happy , yet entirely frustrated with technology .... 
She's a killer queen , \ 
Gunpowder , gelatine\ 
she's dynamite with a laser beam , \ 
guaranteed to blow your mind , anytime- ( < PROPFEMALE > ) 
esrt dans < PROPFEMALE > bibliotheque 
Just watched a movie with an amazing individual . Good night < PROPFIRST > ! 
Do you know what they do to whales in jail ? Nothin , cuz whales are god damn humungous ! 
Advice for living in the Recession-\ 
Call yourself an artist , that way when your starving it seems more romantic . 
AAARRRRRGHHHHHHH ............ Why is it that I find myself doing more writing for my job than I do for my education ? 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes !!!! 
Some day I will learn that procrastination is a bad thing , but since today clearly wasn't that day then I see why god gave unto man the gift of vanilla coke . 
Back in Machias , rocking out . 
