Happy New Year !!! Anyone else sleep through it ??? 

I have finally stepped into the world of technology ... I am way too young to be finding this so complicated ! 
Boston 14 , NY 1- what a difference a day makes ! :-) 
We're headed to Mystic and the beach before school starts back up ... Caitlynn will be an official first grader on Monday ( Ceileigh wishes she was going to school ) 
is feeling a little bit sad about her last day of vacation , but is looking forward to the fall too 
back to work tomorrow and Caitlynn starts first grade ... I'm sad I can't bring her . I guess that's what daddy's and cameras are for . 
We survived day one ! Well , Caitlynn did ... I'm not sure about the teacher ... 
Happy Friday !!!!!!!!! :-) 
It's 7:47 on a Friday night and I am thinking about going to bed . How very sad ...... when did I get so old ...... 
Caitlynn has learned that apparently your first grade teacher frowns upon it if you spend 10 or more minutes in the bathroom ... who knew ???? 
today is a smiley sort of day :-) 
very nervous today .... 
Hurray ! Survived day number one with my new little delights ... only a few tears , but at least they weren't mine ! 
really enjoys her job , but is so glad tomorrow is Friday ... everything/one seems a bit happier on Fridays ... 
spent Friday night at the mall ... felt like I was 15 again , although I wasn't trying to meet boys and I did actually buy something ! 
is putting the girls to bed and is going to sit down and watch the Patriots and have a nice cold < PROPFIRST>'s Hard Lemonade ( it's a school night , so I'll make it a light ... and i'm trying to be good :-) ) 
Caitlynn just told me I shouldn't wear skinny jeans ... the very sad part is that I'm not . :-( 
is doing her happy Friday dance !!!! 
is absolutely exhausted ... my little school friends ( one in particular ) worked me to the bones today . At least I don't have to go to the gym . I need a nap or a drink ... no I think I need both ... 
< PROPFIRST > was right ... apparently primer does not come off in the shower with soap and water ... bummer . 
The girls have decided on their halloween costumes . One will be our little angel and the other will be our little devil ... i'm not going to mention which is which ... 
is so excited to welcome our new little nephew < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Carra to the world !!!! 
is very proud ( and surprised ) that my new adorable baby nephew has not given me the \baby bug\ " ... I must be maturing in my old age :-) " 
I love my kids more than anything in the world , but I can't help but wonder why I insist on putting my personal fears and experiences on them . Why can't I let them be who they are and not worry so much ? I think I'm having a bad mommy day :-( 
is thankfully in a better mood :-) 
isn't it time for a vacation yet ??????? 
Today was a good day ! Now we're off to NH for the weekend !!!! 
has decided that any points consumed while in NH do not count 
is searching the house for a missing binkie ( yes , i know , a binkie for a 2 1/2 year old ) ... it's going to be a long night . 
is doing her happy friday before a long week-end dance ( it has an extra little kick in it ) :-) 
has had a good week-end so far ... celebrated my Gram's 90th birthday , started my Christmas shopping , went to the movies with the family and now watching the Pats ( we're not mentioning the Red Sox ... ) . Day off tomorrow too ! :-) 
is considering getting bangs at my hair appt . tomorrow . i don't know ... my life is filled with such difficult and important decisions ... 
it is getting harder and harder to get up in the morning ... too dark and too cold !!!!!!!!! 
took the girls to the summer house . well , ceileigh didn't get her way about something and was being ... 2 . nothing < PROPMALE > . some woman decided to announce that she is leaving because of all the screaming and how awful she is . well , what am i to do except follow her out and ask her if she really did just insult a two year old publicly . The man she was with told me that my daughter is awful just like i am . idiots . 
The girls and I are staying in for popcorn and movie night . We are presently debating whether we will be watching Thumbelina or < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > Castle ... Friday nights just aren't what they used to be ... :-) 
i'm locked out of my car . my keys are on the inside and someone ( I won't mention any names , but it was NOT me)locked the door . caitlynn is doing a reading at church and singing a little song . she's there with < PROPFIRST > already and i'm still here . < PROPFIRST > is naturally not answering his cell ....... 
i do not like wednesdays :( 
i hate snakes ... even little ones ... 
what an absolutely beautiful day- it makes me feel happy and like i'm ready to conquer the world ! :-) 
is enjoying a < PROPFIRST>'s hard spiced apple ( warmed ) while watching the goonies ... can you believe that movie was out almost 25 years ago ?????? i'm getting old . :-( 
Monday ... sore throat ... wicked tired .... conference at Caitlynn's school this afternoon ... blah .... 
feels like the weight of the world is on my shoulders and i'm not doing a very good job of holding it up . 
wishes i didn't have a meeting this morning so i could stay home . i felt like i was awake every 10 minutes .... i just don't feel well . :-( 
Fun FB experiment : If you are reading this , whether we speak often or not , post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you ! 
sick day today ... 
being sick sucks ... i just hope the girls stay healthy . Strangely , I actually miss work ... 
whoa ... i think i actually slept last night !! here's hoping for a good day !!!! 
is tired of the takers of the world , especially those who have seem to forgotten the power of the phrase \thank-you \"." 
will be having an early dinner with the girls followed by movie night ... sleeping beauty . can't get enough of those princesses ... 
advice of the day : do not give your husband/wife/significant other access to your FB account ... no good can come of it . Payback ... when you least expect it ... :-) 
is totally doing the dress down thing today ... 
Spent a fun-filled Friday night at the mall . The girls got their portraits done ... came out cute . Now it is 9:00 and I am sadly ready for bed . 
got up late .... running behind already . 
bringing caitlynn to dance class in a bit . I have a huge headache . I'm sure a bunch of 6 year olds in tap shoes will do wonders for that ... at least they're cute :-) 
Today I am thankful for an extra day with my girls ( husband too ! ) :-) 
Today I am thankful for my husband who knows that I am spatially and directionally challenged , but loves me anyway . 
Gearing up to take Caitlynn to the Miley < PROPMALE > concert tonight in Hartford ... wish me luck ... 
Today I am thankful for asprin ... extra strength ... 
Today I am thankful for my mom and dad . I am very lucky to have them , and so are my girls ... :-) 
needs to learn to make good choices ... my head hurts . 
Today I am thankful for early bedtimes ... :-) 
Today I am thankful for a husband that doesn't mind doing the dishes :-) 
Today I am thankful for nose crinkle smiles and eskimo kisses .... 
Today I am thankful that wednesday only comes once a week . 
Today I am thankful for the unconditional love of my family , especially < PROPFIRST > and my girls . Whether I am tired , grumpy or just plain in a bad mood , they love me anyway . Although I may take it for granted and I certainly don't say it enough , I thank god everyday for them and the joy they bring me . 
Today I am thankful for a quiet house ... an hour from now I will be thankful for a noisy house . Kids are loud . :-) 
Today I am thankful for my littlest pumpkin who just brought me breakfast in bed . :-) 
Today I am thankful for the yummy smells of things baking in the oven . Caitlynn is thankful for all the toys she has . Ceileigh is thankful for donuts . 
My poor little Caitlynn came home from school with a temp . of 102.8 :-( 
Today I am thankful that Caitlynn seems to be feeling better and for sleepovers at Grandma and Papa's ... I might actually get out of the house on time tomorrow !!! 
Today I am thankful for a few extra days to spend with my family . I love them with all my heart . 
Today I am thankful for all the wonderful people in my life . I am truly blessed and would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy Thanksgiving !!!!!!!! 
It's only Saturday !!!!!! Whoo-hoo !!! :-) 
is feeling \holidayish\ " this evening .... :-) " 
took the girls to the city's tree lighting ceremony tonight ... it's so wonderful to see the magic of Christmas through their little eyes . :-) 
My six year old is in the middle of a playdate :-) My two- year old is now wishing she was six too :( 
Looks like its me and my girls tonight ... I think we'll do Friendly's and come home for a movie ... something Christmas-ish . 
is feeling sad after visiting my grandma in the hospital . She looked so frail and unwell ... and very , very depressed . She couldn't understand why she was there or why she couldn't go home ... poor grandma :-( In happier news , my little nephew JT was Christened today . He is absolutely adorable and I love him to bits . Just wish Grandma could've been there too ... 
needs to take several deep calming breaths ... 
is it wrong to be hoping for a snow day tomorrow ???? actually just a delay would be fine with me .... 
is doing her happy snow day dance !!!!!!! :-) 
I am determined to get ALL of my Christmas shopping done TONIGHT !!!!! < PROPFIRST > will help and he will like it . Well , he doesn't actually HAVE to like it . He just needs to pretend to like it . :-) 
Finally putting up the christmas tree !!!!!!!! 
~ as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all your friends ASAP 
The binkie < PROPFEMALE > is coming tonight ... wish us luck ... 
In addition to our visit from the Binkie < PROPFEMALE > ( fingers crossed ) , we will be expecting a visit from the tooth < PROPFEMALE > tonight too ! 
My baby turns three tomorrow ... I feel happy and sad all at the same time ... 
Happy third birthday Ceileigh !!!!! We love you !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Caitlynn did an awesome job at her holiday concert at school today ! I , on the other hand , had to wonder why \Santa Claus is Coming to Town\ " brought me to tears . I am WAY to emotional sometimes ... " 
I had so much to do last night , so what did I do ? Nothing . I went to bed . Now I have even more to do today .... avoidance always seems like a good idea at the time .... 
is doing a happy last day before christmas vacation dance !!!!!!!!!!! :-) 
had a wonderful christmas with family ! tomorrow the clean-up begins !!!! :-) 
I am totally back on my points ... you are all my witnesses ... 
I am NOT 43 . Stupid wii fit . : -0 
little kids and hotels ... I hope they sleep .... :-) 
ever work really hard to try to make yourself a better person not only for yourself , but for your family too only to realize that nobody else really gives a damn ? I am certainly not perfect ( far from it ) , but at least I'm trying ... AAARRRGGGGGG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has decided on two resolutions this year : 1 . create a healthier home/lifestyle for me and my family 2 . learn to not sweat the small stuff . Happy New Year !!!!! 
black 
Ceileigh's in bed , Caitlynn is having a sleepover at Grandma and Papa's and < PROPFIRST > is skiing ... I am all alone ... what to do , what to do ..... 
is feeling very , very anxious today .... 
knows that I should not get into a heated back and forth argument with my six year old daughter , but sometimes I just can't help it .... AARRRGGG !!!!!! 
Has decided that sometimes a negative is actually a positive ... 
has the two best little girls in the world .... especially when they're sleeping ! Hooray for early bed times !!!!!! :-) 
I am totally back on my points , again . This time I really , really mean it . 
watching the girls ice skate at < PROPFEMALE > Park ... they are doing awesome ! :-) 
How come short weeks end up feeling like long weeks ? I'm exhausted already !!!!! 
Anyone else out there tired of the \us\ " vs . \ " them\ " mentality in our political world . The only agenda both parties seem to agree on is to tear the other one down . It is absolutely ridiculous ! " 
My backyard looks like it's about to wash away ... I'm afraid to go downstairs to check the basement ... 
thinks Caitlynn's newly formed lisp from her missing two front teeth is wicked cute ... 
scored Red Sox tickets today for August :-) 
why do kids have to be so messy ???? 
Two- hour delay for Gateway means long week-end for me !!!!! Whoo-hoo ! Of course , I'll have to make up the time on Monday , but who cares ??!!! I am totally doing my happy Friday dance !!!!!! 
is very thankful that < PROPFIRST > puts up with me even when I'm slightly absent-minded ... ok , wicked absent-minded . 
My poor littlest baby girl has an ear infection :-( Pink stuff for the infection and Motrin for the pain . The power of Motrin is amazing ... 30 minutes later and it's like night and day ... I wish it worked that well on me ! 
The tooth < PROPFEMALE > is tapped out . How many more teeth can one little girl loose ???? 
two sick little girls today ... one with an ear infection , who has decided that she can't listen to me since her ear hurts , and the other one with some stomach thing . perfect . I am not doing my usual happy Friday dance . 
Well , this is different ... 
looks like my Caitlynn will be taking another day off tomorrow ... temperature of 102.5 . It hurts my heart when one of my babies is sick . :-( 
Westfield Schools closed+Agawam Schools closed+Gateway School closed = crazy ( but fun ) day in the Thomson household . :-) 
Has decided that as an early childhood teacher , my supply of holiday sweaters/tee-shirts is pathetic . It took me forever to finally find an Old Navy tee with a heart on it . I'm not sure if this is a good or a bad thing ... 
Day #1 in the Thomson's week-o-fun . Took the girls bowling today . I totally rocked . Yes , that's right , I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm proud that I beat a six and three year old . I'm even more excited that I kicked < PROPFIRST>'s ass . I think a little competition is good for a marriage ... 
Thomson week-o-fun , day #2 . Family movie night . We're all in our jammies ( well , almost all of us ) and about to pile into bed with a big bowl of popcorn . Wanna bet who will fall asleep first ?? 
Day #3 in the Thomson's week-o-fun . We played in the snow , painted our toenails , watched some TV . Ceileigh started to feel a bit under the weather , but perked up enough to enjoy the most exciting part of the day ... sleepover night at Grandma and Papa's!!!!! Yes , both girls are spending the night at their Grandparents . < PROPFIRST > is teaching at AIC tonight so I am all alone ! Of course I miss them all very , very much ... 
packing !!!! 
The Thomson's week-o-fun is coming to an end ... at least we went down with a bang . We had an awesome time at Co Co key water resort in Boston ! The girls were fabulous . Caitlynn was totally into it and Ceileigh was , well , Ceileigh was Ceileigh . They both had fun , but I think < PROPFIRST > had the most fun . It's like having three kids sometimes :-) 
Home with the girls today . I'm sensing a long day .... 
Power is finally back . Cable/Internet/Phone took a bit longer , but it's back too . Stupid snow . 
looks like the girls and I will be finding Nemo by ourselves today ... feel better T . 
My poor husband looks like he's turning into the devil . Two < PROPFEMALE > red eyes- the term pink eye is clearly a HUGE understatement . I sure hope he feels better soon ... it's starting to get scary . 
Doing my happy Friday dance !!!! Woo-hoo ! Have a wonderful week-end everyone !!!!!!! :-) 
Someone took a two hour nap today ... now that same someone is lying in bed with me ... wide awake . Perfect . 
This beautiful weather makes me feel happy . I can't wait for spring/summer !!!!! 
Had an awesome afternoon with my girls . Caitlynn had a 1/2 day so we went to the park and had a fabulous time . I love them more than the world . I wish all of our days could be so carefree ... 
Rocking out to the Eagles . I know they're old , but I love them anyways . 
Went to a function at Caitlynn's school last night . Watched a 6 year old boy ask my 6 year old BABY to dance . And so it begins ... 
Celebrating my dad's 60th birthday today !!!! Pizza , beer ( well , < PROPFIRST>'s for some of us ) and Beatles Rockband !!!!!!!! Woo-hoo !!!!! :-) 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . \ Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself . I love my children !! " 
one down and only three to go !!!!!!!!!! This week-end is looking awesome !!!!!! 
filling easter eggs ... lots and lots of easter eggs . Some for my own kids , some for my brother's kids and some for the kiddos at school . I am happy to report , however , that I haven't eaten ANY of them ! Of course , I'm not finished yet ... 
is doing a happy Thursday before a long week-end with gorgeous weather dance !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had a great day !!!!! Played and had a picnic at the park ... even got a bit of a sunburn ! Going to bed with the windows open !!!!!!! I love spring !!!!!! 
Happy Saturday !!!!!! 
Ceileigh is no longer in the room , yet I am still sitting here watching Barney ... all by myself . This is just not right . 
headed to Greenfield to be \supportive\ " . < PROPFIRST > is one lucky guy . " 
I am clearly not as young as I used to be . The sooner I accept and acknowledge this , the better off I'll be . BTW , my head hurts . 
is trying to get my head to tell my heart to shut the F- up . Language ... sorry ... I'm feeling wicked mad at myself . And guilty too . And I know better . Ugghh . Apparently , I am very complex . 
took the girls to Yankee Candle yesterday for day 1 of the Thomson's Spring Week o ' fun then to dinner with some fam . :-) Day #2 ... Six Flags !!!! The girls have season passes this year , courtesy of Auntie < PROPFEMALE > . Since I can't exactly drop them off , < PROPFIRST > and I got passes too . Haven't had a pass since Jr. High when it was still Riverside . Ahhh , memories ... but I don't think I'll be trying to meet boys this time :-) 
if this is any indication of what the teen-age years are going to be like , I'm doomed . Can you say ATTITUDE ???? She's 6 ( almost 7 ) . Seriously . 
The girls are having a sleepover . God bless my parents . They totally rock . 
AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGG !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Watching the way other people's children behave in public makes me very grateful for my own ... 
You know that saying that the Lord won't give you anything you can't handle ? Well , I'm sure hoping that's true . BTW , irony's a bitch . 
is thinking ... seriously thinking . 
Good news : had a fabulous weekend :-) \ 
Bad news : it's all over . Work tomorrow . :-( 
very nervous today ......... 
Is feeling releived ... Now I can enjoy the weekend . :-) 
I am so not glowing . 
I love naps and peanut butter . 
Happy 4th everyone ! Had a great time celebrating yesterday with some family and friends . Love you guys ! Plus , it's always fun to see < PROPFIRST > a little tipsy ... :-) 
I know the end result is worth it , but pregnancy sucks . Blah . 
Survived sleeping in a tent for 10 long days in NH . The kids had a blast , which is the important part , but boy am I glad to see my own bed and bathroom again ! 
Shopping for maternity clothes is NOT fun . < PROPFIRST > seems to think it is the highlight of my day . It is not . It sucks . It is a huge waste of money ( because , trust me , I will not be doing this again ) and no matter what I put on , I still just look fat . Pregnancy sucks . 
Today < PROPFIRST > and I are celebrating our 10 year wedding anniversary ! Wow ! 10 years ?! Really !?!? Well , it hasn't always been easy and we have both changed , grown and evolved over the years , but the one thing that hasn't changed is my love . I am grateful everyday for our life and our family . I am truly blessed . 
Soooo .... three weddings ... three sets of boyfriends to scare off ... three times the tears , drama , heartache and hormones .... three little girls to fill our hearts ! Yup , it's a girl !!!!!!! 
I'm half done !!! 
Back to work on Monday . :-( I need new pants . 
We're heading to NH for the long week-end ... North Conway for a couple of days then ONE overnight with the in- laws . Thank goodness for hotels and compromises ! Happy Friday !! 
We had a great last hurrah up in NH ! Took the girls to Storyland , went up Mt . Washington on the Cog railroad ( it was like 30 degrees and sleeting at the summit ) and even survived the in law visit ! Good times ! Now , back to reality .... 
Ceileigh is spending the night at grandma and papa's and < PROPFIRST > is teaching at AIC tonight , so Miss Caitlynn and I are having some much needed alone time . We went shopping at Justice then to Friendlys for supper . Being alone with her has made me realize how much I miss her and how important it is to take the time to enjoy each of my girls . I love my babies . 
So , I think we have finally settled on a name for baby girl #3 . < PROPFIRST > is embarrassed to admit that we are naming her after a < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > song , but unfortunately for him , I'm not . I like < PROPMALE > and love our little sweet < PROPFEMALE > . It's probably the only < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > song that he'll sing along with(but he probably won't admit that either ) . Now the debate over the middle name .... 
Caitlynn is singing in the shower ... loudly . That girl cracks me up . 
Baby < PROPFEMALE > and I had a doctors appointment today ... good strong heartbeat and she is wiggling around like crazy in there , but , apparently , < PROPFEMALE > likes cookies ( and other not so healthy things ) a bit too much . Whatever . Cookies make us happy . * sigh * 
We bought bunk beds today since the girls will be rooming together once < PROPFEMALE > is born . I think the reality of three kids is starting to hit me ... I feel a panic attack coming on .... 
I'm 2/3 done !!!! 
Spending the morning trying to figure out what we need to get ready for Miss < PROPFEMALE>'s arrival ... when did baby stuff gets expensive !?!? We must not have needed much with Ceileigh and I think most of the stuff we needed for Caitlynn were gifts . Lesson to everyone out there : do not get rid of your baby stuff unless you are 100% super duper sure you're done !!! Btw , does she really * need * a car seat ? :-) 
We took the girls on a little road trip to see the enchanted village at < PROPFIRST>'s furniture in Avon , < PROPFEMALE > . It was very sweet and nostalgic ... the girls loved it ! They also had a 4-D polar express ride and a holiday laser light show . It was a a great time ... there's something about the look of amazement and wonder in the eyes of little kids during the holiday season that totally made it worth the long drive ! 
Today I am thankful for my two ( almost three ) beautiful little girls , my wonderful husband , my family , and my friends . I feel truly blessed to have such wonderful people in my life . Happy Thanksgiving !!! 
4 weeks left . 
Actually going out tonight ... no husband , no kids . :-) 
Having a yucky feeling day . Skipping out on lots of stuff today . 3 1/2 weeks left . 
So , why does he ask for my opinion if all he is going to do is agrue with me ? Apparently , he doesn't actually want my opinion ... he just wants me to agree with his . Boys . 
The mall exhausts me . I'm getting old . 
Happy Birthday to my beautiful baby girl , Ceileigh ! I can't believe she is four years old already !!!!! :-) 
Should probably start wrapping .... 
6 days left !!!!!!! Less than a week ! Woo-hoo ! 
Freaking out . 
It's baby time ... 
Last night in the hospital ! Can't wait to get home with our brand new baby girl and the best big sisters in the world !!! 
Finally home with our new little < PROPFEMALE > ! Naturally , things didn't go quite as planned and involved < PROPFIRST > paying a quick little trip to the ER before I was discharged . But , we are home now and just waiting on the big sisters ... that's when the real fun begins ! 
My little < PROPFEMALE > is a whole week old today !! <3 
Online shopping is way too easy ...... 
< PROPFIRST > is on the roof . I'm spotting him from inside . 
My sweet little < PROPFEMALE > had her one month appointment today . She has gained 3 lbs . and has grown 2 1/2 inches . She's only one month and she's already growing too quickly ... 
Lost my keys ... not surprised with the amount of stuff that I have to lug around with three kids . * sigh * At least I haven't lost one of them yet . 
Palm trees !!!!! 
Trying to enjoy my last few days of maternity leave before heading back to work on Monday . Just the thought makes me feel sad . :-( 
Sir < PROPMALE > tonight .... and a WHOLE evening without kiddos ! :-) 
Well , all good things must come to an end , I guess . Back to work tomorrow . I will miss < PROPFEMALE > and Ceileigh ( Caitlynn will be at school ) terribly . But I know grandma and papa will take good care of them . It still makes me feel sad . :-( 
< PROPFEMALE > slept ' til 7:30 this morning !!!!!! Whoo-hoo !!!!!! 
My sweet little < PROPFEMALE > rolled over for the first time today ... and I missed it . I was at work . 
Miss < PROPFEMALE > is 3 months old today !!!!!! <3 <3 <3 
