New Years Rockin ' < PROPFEMALE > 2011 ! <3 

decided 2 get a tumblr for New Years . <3 
Happy New Year !!!! :) 
Submitted the Common App ! 
I just made a Facebook 4 real , 4 the sake of it , 4 < PROPMALE > year . Watz up ? :) 
Thanx so much 4 welcoming me on Facebook . I luv u guys ! :) 
I now have a profile picture ? U like it ? :) 
AP Calc Exam 2morrow . < PROPFEMALE > nervous ! 
Looking 4 more Facebook friends ! :) 
AP Psychology 2morrow , AP English Wednesday ... I just want to get them over with . 
I'm done with all my APs ! :) * whew * 
Oh Mondays ... 
Life is all about having friends , nice acquaitances , \normal\ " acquaitances 
If u like this status , I will post on ur wall something i like about u . Make this as ur status if u want a challenge ! \ 
* I know everybody's doing that , but it seeems so cool ! :) 
This is 4 the 2nd time : If u like this status , I will post on ur wall something i like about u . Make this as ur status if u want a challenge ! \ 
I'm doing this 4 the sake of it just cuz im bored ! <3 
Fortune cookie message : One joy will scatter a hundred sorrows . 
WoW , it's amazing , only 2 more days of actual school left . :) It's weird how school is almost ending , yet it seems like it passes by so slowly , it does not seem like it'll end that soon . Strange ... 
Horoscopes are something that I believe in , yet I < PROPMALE > not believe in too . 
I'm done with the regents . :) 
Fortune cookie message : When mad , sing the alphabet . 
100 Friends on Facebook ! WOOP ! 
If u like this status , I would write something i like about u , something i <3 about u , something i don't like about u and maybe a confession . ;) \ 
Post it on ur status if u want a challenge . 
Yesterday , I checked the NEST Student Services Site . The good news is that i realized that I got a 99 on the U.S History Regents . The bad news is that I didnt do well onerall on my transcript as I had hoped . 
just watched eclipse and that karate kid movie yesterday at the movies with my sis and my mom . They were both good . :) 
just visited NYU 
finished my community service hours ! :) 
There's a place i know , when you're looking for a show , where they go hard-core , and there's glitter on the floor ... 
can't believe that school is tomorrow . 
Progress always involves risk . 
HOW DID WE MEET ? ( copy this to your status and see who remembers ) 
U never know how close your peers birthdays are to each other until u get a Facebook 
really need to break out of her shell for senior year . ;) 
Picture day was SOOO awkward ! 
I hate Class Rank . 
Who received an envelope from National Honor Society ? 
TGIF !!! :) 
1 of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority & so much more all for something they didn't ask for . Gay teens are committing suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better & you respect them for who they are , copy & paste this . Most of you wont , but let's see the 5% of you who will . » Support All ? « 
This is the only day of the century that will have three tens in a row , so we better live it up ! ;) 
I just realized one thing today : MySpace sucks . 
It's hailing ! This is < PROPFEMALE > scary ! 
Is this now the calm after the storm ? 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly\ 
in her ear . \ 
\ 
While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man \ 
flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . \ 
While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . \ 
While you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing her smiles . 
Senior year is much more annoying than I expected it to be ... 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish\ 
for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease\ 
nor a choice people who are gay are not looking for a cure but \ 
ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS Will you make it your status for at least \ 
............ one hour ? Promote LOVE & acceptance not hate ..? 
To My fellow Facebook Friends ! \ 
What words would you use to desribe me(otherwise than \quiet \") \ 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% won't post this as their status - be one of the 3% and post this as your status . Do it for at least an hour , for those who have died of cancer or who are still fighting 
is so happy that she was accepted to the Vassar College Free Bus Trip Overnight Program for November ! :) 
Thank you to everyone who liked my latest status ! <3 
Describe me in ONE word using the third letter of your name . Answer me and then put this as your status to see what people say about you . 
B-day 2morrow ! <3 
Birthday today ! <3 \ 
Now I am wondering what it is like to be 17 ... 
Thank you for the Birthday Wishes Everyone ! <3 
OMG SATs 2morrow ! 
Is back from taking the SATs !!! :) I feel better than I had whe I took it in March , but I hope that I do significantly better(2000+ preferred ) 
is happy that she did not have to take the SATs in a different state . 
Like this status and I'll write a confession about U ! :) 
was googling \Google\ " on Google . " 
is now at Vassar ! :) 
is back from Vassar ! :) 
OMG ! November SAT results on Tuesday . I am nervous , yet excited at the same time ! 
SAT results 2morrow ! 
I wish I was better at taking the SAT ... :( 
I just realized that half of college applicants do not start writing their college essays until the night before their application deadlines . Now I know that half of college applicants are complete idiots . 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone ! Hope you all have fun eating turkey and other yummy food ! <3 
Oh great ! Just after Thanksgiving , Black Friday , and a weekend , we have school tomorrow . Well , at least there's Christmas break later ... 
is still wondering about whether she will even bother to go to the senior trip and/or prom . 
OMG . I'm taking the ACT this week for the 1st time ! Any suggestions on how to do well ? 
hates the amount of gossip that goes on in my school . Once something happens , everybody knows by the end of the day . 
ACT 2morrow ... and I'm ready for it . 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 ) how we met : 2 ) my first impression of you : 3 ) what I like about you : 4 ) favorite memory with you : 5 ) a song that reminds me of you : 6 ) dare you to put this on your status . 
< PROPFEMALE > about the ACT :\ 
English : Good\ 
Math : Well , it's math so I did good(I only had trouble with 5 questions)\ 
Reading : Good on the first two passages ok on the 3rd didnt get to do the lastso I had to guess on that\ 
Science : Well , hopefully I did well , I didnt pace that great in the section(Got stuck on a few questions , and then paced through it so I didnt finish about 5 questions)\ 
Writing : Ok ... 
it is just so hard to work on this Lit paper right now ... 
is finally finished with the Othello essay ! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT ! 
really needs to work on her supplements right now ... 
got her first acceptance letter ! <3 
need suggestions ! I'm planning on writing a creative writing short as an additional supplement for colleges ! What should be the topic/theme/subject of the story ? 
Its crazy that christmas is tomorrow ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my Facebook friends ! <3 
really loves BeFunky Photo Effects ! <3 
is done with the Vassar Supplement :)))))))))))))))) 
New Years Evee <3 
Only one more Supplement left to do !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 :D 
is hoping that 2011 is loads better than 2010 . <3 
Didnt make a Facebook status for a while . I guess I was too busy on my tumblr . ;) 
I wonder what quote to put as my senior quote . Can anyone check my past statuses and/or my tumblr to see which quote I should use ? 
finally got my ACT scores back . Unfortunately , I'm upset about my score . 
what type/color/style dress should I buy for the Ballroom performance on Monday ? And what stores are great to buy them fro a good price ? Any suggestions would be appreciated . :) 
its amazing how I'm thinking about prom in January , what has my world come to ? 
Ballroom Dance Presentation on Monday . Wish me luck guys . I hope I do well and dont mess up in any way ... :) 
Congratualtions to all the 1st , 2nd and 6th period Ballroom Dance students who performed this morining at the assembly . You all did a really awesome job ! 
I know this is late , but my New Years Resolution of 2011 is to become a more confident and self-assured person , both inside and out . 
It's annoying that racism is mainly addressed on MLK day . Racism is an issue that should be addressed every day , not just primarily on one day of the year . 
I only care about those who like me , not those who do not . I refuse to work myself up over those who do not matter at all to me . 
this week is passing by so quickly . Regents week , here I come ... :D 
I need a new profile picture ... 
Got into Brooklyn College ! Pretty good , I just hope that I get into Macaulay Honors College . Oh well , I'll wait until March 15 to see ... 
Gotta twitter ! :) Can anyone send their twitters and/or tumblrs that I can follow ? 
Sorry , dont have chapter 27 Notes :'( 
Finished my English Essay !!! :) 
I just cant wait until I get all of my college results . * sigh * 
OMG ! I got into < PROPMALE > aulay Honors College at Brooklyn College ! FREE COLLEGE for four years ! Plus a < PROPMALE > ! And study abroad opportunities . I am so happy right now ! 
The polls on Facebook are really hilarious ! LOL ! :D 
Yay ! The \Like\ " icon is on again ! :) " 
So I'm in a dilemma . I know that I am definitely going to prom and all , but what color dress should I wear/would look good on me . Any suggestions would help ! 
