is beginning to regain faith in < PROPFEMALE > as anonymous gifts continue to appear ... 

fails at productivity . 
is going to paint the town - if not red , at least some sort of pinkish < PROPFEMALE > . 
was told that her Alaska ID is surprising because she \screams tourist\ " by the check out dude at the liquor store . What does it all mean ? " 
eugh 
has defeated the evil laundry beast , and is gathering her strength to fight the dish demons 
is listening to The < PROPMALE > 5 and Thriller . Sad day . 
received her very first paycheck today for exactly one day of work . Not as disappointing as she had feared ! 
is done with her 2nd full week of work ! She could get used to this \weekends off\ " thing . " 
is unbelievably grateful for good friends and good music . 
completely sucks at musical notation . 
movies . beer . internet . 
had fresh crab for breakfast , salmon for lunch , got a promotion in the afternoon , and ended her day with a paid 3 day weekend . What kind of a crazy seduction game are you playing with me , Alaska ?! 
may or may not be receiving the best birthday present in the history of birthday presents . Here's hoping ! 
la cerveza mas fina . 
Indyyyyyyyy ! ( < PROPFEMALE > Jones Marathon ) 
agrees that the Fisherman's Memorial has great firework acoustics . Good friends , too . 
is feeling more positive about the future than she has any right to . What a lovely day . 
can't seem to help but be in a good mood , even though living in Juneau right now is like living on the surface of the sun . 
just cut herself ... with a band-aid . Ah , life's little ironies . 
tried to walk home in a direction that would avoid the suicide location , but that bear was having none of it . 
spent a lazy Sunday catnapping in the sunshine . 
had a movie playing in the background , maybe glanced at the screen for 5 minutes total and somehow still ended up choked up . 
is extremely grateful for all of the birthday wishes and had a simply splendid 25th birthday . 
is overcome by a memory-stealing , fog-inducing , arithmetic-sabotaging , day-of-the-week-forgetting exhaustion . This schedule sucks . 
is doing some late night pondering . 
stewing . 
wouldn't mind a ride to the airport tomorrow ( Thursday ) round about 6pm , if anyone's looking to spend a few precious minutes of quality car time before the Weekend Away ... Heck , I'd even buy you dinner if you didn't mind eating early . 
late night packing is the only way to pack . 
just finished with the third and final mandatory work training ! Unfortunately , the worst one was last . 
is missing the Juneau not-quite-so-cold , but enjoying the Anchorage lack of sales tax . 
home sweet Juneau . 
napping . 
got a stellar review at work and an early raise ! 
is teetering . 
doesn't feel so lonely now that it turns out the entire state has lost AT&T service and not just her . Bonus - now the phone is adamant that it is in fact 12/31/1999 . Turns out time travel isn't so elusive after all . 
' s combination adrenaline/caffeine high is wearing off . uggggh . 
is a slug . Or at least slug-like . With less energy . 
is on the upswing from a stupid chest cold . Why do illnesses happen over 3 day weekends ? 
is amazed by life's hairpin turns . 
needs cheering up . 
Best . Homemade dinner . Ever . 
is thoroughly Not Amused by the little rebellion her body is staging . 
is emerging from the bed cocoon after 3 very uncomfortable days . Alas , she has not transformed into anything remotely butterfly like . 
Adventure awaits ! 
19 more work days for the state and then I am FREE ! 
has only a little more than a week left in Juneau . How did the time go by so fast ! 
has just completed her final day of work for the state and a lovely bike ride through the graveyeard . If only I wasn't so busy and could spend more time outside tonight ! 
always thought she didn't have much stuff ... until trying to pack it all into boxes . 
is leaving Alaska today . It's bittersweet . I'll miss it , and all of the people I've come to know and love here . 
is in the Yukon ! 
leaves Canada today ! unless the border dudes find a reason to detain her . 
is in South < PROPFEMALE > with only one more full day and two more half days of driving left . Juneau is far behind me , and I miss it already . 
has only four hours left of driving before getting to stop - at least for a few weeks . 
is appreciative of Tulsa's efforts to become more like Juneau with excessive rain , but nobody does rain quite like Southeast Alaska . Good effort Tulsa , good effort . 
is feeling the kind of melancholy that leads one to think that posting song lyrics as a facebook status is a good idea . Don't worry , though - she'll spare you ... this time . 
is back in Detroit ... 4000+ < PROPMALE > later :-) 
very much appreciates the birthday well wishes and hopes everyone else's july 31st was super swell too ! 
finally conquered the travesty that is \Relational Aesthetics\ " and can move on down the preparatory reading list ! Here's hoping the next book turns out more readable . " 
assisted in razing a wasp metropolis . The dazed survivors are buzzing from ruin to ruin , unable or unwilling to accept their dispossession . Thankfully , none have connected us to their calamity . They outnumber us by a lot . 
finally booked her flight to Iceland/London ! Late September couldn't come too fast . 
is getting progressively more nervous that her visa will not arrive in time for her flight . But on the bright side ... fresh apple cider/doughnuts ! 
finished ( except for a few minor details ) her first garment today ! This sewing thing is turning out to be pretty cool . 
student visa ? APPROVED . 
is on her way to London ! 
I like it in the closet . 
never knew how much she appreciated the existence of Kinko's until now , being in a situation where she has to print out a form , fill it out , and fax it internationally with some urgency without the foggiest idea where to do it . How does London get by without Kinko's ? 
has had pretty much the most frustrating , infuriating , week of her life . I'm not sure what London has against me , but I would really appreciate at least one thing being smooth and easy rather than having to fight over every stupid detail . 
moves into her new Wandsworth flat tomorrow morning , barring disaster . Knock on wood . 
is all moved in ! 
is feeling really positive about her first two weeks of the master's degree - now to see if I still feel this good about self-directed research for nearly a month and a half ... 
wonders : is there an auditory equivalent of \voyeur \"?" 
saw two plays today - both well done , but one left me thoughtful and amused , the other disgusted and annoyed . I'm really happy to have the opportunity to see plays every night nevertheless , but I almost wish I could have switched the order and ended on a good note . Or skipped the second one altogether . 
re : committing to vote - I applied for an absentee ballot - apparently on time , too - but having never tested the mail service from Alaska to London and back again , and having not yet received said ballot , I make no guarantees on my vote counting . I will do it , nevertheless ! I appreciate everyone's enthusiasm though . 
got her ballot ! Here's one more for McAdams , heading back across the pond on Monday . 
finds it terribly sad that every time it comes up that she's lived in Alaska , every single English person brings up < PROPFEMALE > Palin . Without fail . 
finally saw show(s ) tonight that made the many ( many , many ) duds worth it . Thanks , Belt Up theatre company and Southwark Playhouse - if anyone still has a < PROPMALE > at the triple < PROPMALE > , I say go for it . 
Here's to an inexplicable fireworks show over my house for the walk from the bus stop tonight . I have no idea what we're celebrating , but it lasted exactly the duration of the walk . I could do without the smoke and sulphur smell on the street , though . 
is using up her very last Emergen-C and hopes her impending cold/bug/whatever realizes that she means business and gets out of town as a result . 
really entertaining show tonight . Surprisingly , because if I had to classify it I'd probably characterize it as a really solid high school show . But very enjoyable nevertheless . How had I never heard of Pins and Needles before ? Odd to see it for the first time in London , super cheesy faux 1940s new york accents and all . 
< PROPMALE > River : Breathtaking . Phenomenal . Amazing . It was a pretty empty house , too . I wholeheartedly recommend it , though with the caveat that it was pretty harrowing/wrenching . Just when I was starting to wonder if my not liking SO MANY SHOWS in fact was pointing to me not liking theatre anymore , it's nice to be reassured that it isn't so . 
was reading articles about the possible extinction of redheads . Related article ? Tigers in the wild facing extinction . Rawr . 
got a part time job ! not a regular one or even a super well paying one , but still ! and another interview on saturday ! 
discovered that her guitar resonates sympathetically with coughing . 
straightened her hair a few days ago and ever since it seems to have forgotten how to curl properly . Disconcerting . 
is very thankful that the ice rink that her neighborhood had become has melted , but a little sad for the shrinking , emaciated snowmen . 
no illusions that my profile picture will have anything whatsoever to do with child abuse , but can't resist a good shout out to Captain Planet and the Planeteers . They just don't make ' em like they used to . 
went a little crazy today and bought a cheap pair of roller skates on ebay . My theory is that they will arrive the day the ice returns ... 
completely exhausted . 
had a flippin wonderful day . Productive AND saw two shows . Salad Days may be my new favorite musical . Relentlessly charming . And < PROPFEMALE > was terribly poignant , touching , and funny . Well done all around ! 
I find the degree of impunity with which < PROPMALE > Mail feels free to leave my packages with neighbors somewhat disconcerting . Shouldn't I have to authorize that or something ? 
saw a billboard on the train with a woman with shredded paper piled up to her eyes and a caption to the effect of \need a better job ? take an office skills class ! \ " and was thinking about how much more fun it would be to be immersed in shredded paper professionally than doing data entry . Clearly I am not the target market . " 
finished audio editing much earlier than expected and decided to treat herself with a trip to the British Library to work . Pretty all around terrible experience . No actual work was done in the trip , but all kinds of urban alienation feelings to draw on for the project ... 
recommended : watching Norwegians play music on instruments made of ice inside a makeshift igloo . I bet they'd be a huge hit in Juneau ... 
was annoyed when student loans were supposed to be deposited Friday and they weren't and she was told it would be Wednesday at the latest . When it wasn't Wednesday , they swore it would be today . Now that it's Thursday and it is still not there , honest to god first thought ? HULK SMASH . 
spent the better part of the day directing brand new University graduates on where to go when they exited the stage . As boring as the task was , there was something electric about all of their excitement and joy , and it's impossible to help feeling exhilarated , even hours later . 
absolutely drained . Pretty sure the 14 hour day has kicked the sniffles from maybe nothing to full blown cold status . 3 colds in 3 months ? I think England is trying to send me a message of unwelcome . 
takes back all of those mean things she said about running . More fun than expected . 
what's the thing you don't want to find at home when you don't get home from work until 1am having been out since 10am ? Oh yeah , drunk , hysterical flatmates . Somehow I think I could have done without the reminder . 
thinks this so-called ' winter ' in southern England has been damn near utopian in climate . The fact that so many folks are so adept at complaining about the weather nevertheless is a pretty impressive skill - I don't think I could manage it . More winters like this , please ! 
Why hello , bizarre dreams . So nice to see you again ... 
must spend a significant portion of the walk home from anywhere following along the outer wall of either the cemetery or the prison . This makes for some consistently macabre ( yet interesting ) trains of thought . 
spent much of the day battling a computer virus . Emerged victorious , but could reeeeally use that time back ... 
supremely disappointing evening tonight . I hope you feel better for having written In a < PROPMALE > Dark and Deep , < PROPMALE > LaBute , because I certainly don't feel I've gained much by having seen it . 
spending some quality time with Dvorak . This would not be a problem were it not 12:30 on a school night ... 
So apparently our performance event really IS on judgment day . Ridiculous . http://www.familyradio.com/index2.html 
will be incredibly grateful when the construction on the building outside the bedroom window is done with for good . Chainsaws are not a pleasant alarm clock . 
had a melancholy kind of a day , which was compounded by an ill-advised first viewing of Into The Wild , prompting one of those ' what am I doing ' spirals that ends with me having 10 tabs open on my browser relating to spontaneous life directions I could conceivably pursue , perusal of same punctuated by lots of deep sighing . Here's to Tuesday being more * actually * productive . 
needs a hug 
got to Kingston early for work and wandered around a bookshop . Apparently if I see a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > book I am completely unable to resist . This shouldn't be a problem , but I have far too much work to do and I find her books as hard to resist reading as buying . 
accidentally found a job I want that was closing today - study day at the library was hijacked by job application day - got the application in with a whole 2 minutes to spare until it closed . Oh well , the British Library hadn't any of my requested books anyway ... 
would feel a heckuva lot better about the realization process of this event if she didn't keep getting nasty surprises that meant re-doing the same work again and again . 
