excited to see what this year is going to bring ... 

BRRRRRRR ..... SOOOOO cold outside ! Thankful for heat and hot chocolate ! 
had a great birthday ... going to church , eating lunch with fam , playing cards , getting a pedi , and being with her loving husband ! thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
had a great workout tonight ... i'm sure i'm going to feel it tomorrow ... 
almost knocked < PROPMALE > out with the garage door today ... glad i didn't ... that could have been very bad . 
is praying . 
is getting stuff done around the house that has needed it for quite some time now ... 
wonders why it's 80 degrees in the house when the ac is set at 74 ... 
is getting ready to eat pizza ! :) 
had a good day . so tired though . 
got her hair cut and highlighted ... now going to have girls ' night out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! what a good day ... even if it is still 83 degrees in the house ... 
thank the Lord for ceiling fans !!! 
is wondering what to make for dinner ... 
needs to get busy ... so much to do ... 
is happy ... made gulash for dinner and < PROPMALE > is on his way home from work :) 
is enjoying this beautiful day ! 
is so glad to have ac in my house again ! 
:) 
had a good day ! 
is so excited about today ... husband is off , going to an air show , date with my man , and fireworks in greentown with the fam ! 
walked/ran a mile yesterday and is now feeling muscles that i never knew i had ... so out of shape 
needs to relax 
is excited ! one more day of work and then a three day weekend and my sister's wedding ! 
wow , what a week ... now let my three day weekend begin ! 
is thankful for family and weekends 
is ready to go to church and then relax with family 
has a very energetic puppy ... he ran/walked a mile with < PROPMALE > and I ! Now we are watching A < PROPFEMALE > Movie ... 
is having a nice evening to myself . 
doesn't know what to think ... 
is waiting for my man to get home ... 
to go to the fair today or not to go to the fair ... mmm ... is it going to rain ... 
enjoyed class and worship this morning ... now relaxing . 
is going to be in FL in two weeks ! so excited ! 
is praying for a friend ... 
bachlorette finale tonight ... yay ! 
doesn't understand why people act the way they do sometimes . 
time to go to bed ... 
is taking one day at a time ... trying to be patient . 
had a pretty good day ... now just chillin . 
amazing ... Caleb doesn't work on a Friday night ! Yay ! 
went to bed at 8:30 last night ... I feel much better now ! 
lovin the day . 
wow , what a busy day ... now for a relaxing evening ! 
feels a cold coming on ... uhg . 
three more days and counting ... until FL ! 
is so excited ! 
had another good day ! SO ready for Florida ... one more day of work ... 
off to Indy tonight ... off to FLORIDA tomorrow morning !!! 
had a safe trip to Florida ... enjoyed a peaceful time on the beach this afternoon ! 
wow it's hot here ! going swimming in the pool to cool off after the Marlins Cubs game ! 
just got locked out of our condo ... everyone left while i was laying out by the pool ... so much for getting ready to go shopping ! 
shopped all afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > , Rainforest Cafe for dinner , and now relaxing with fb and reading Eclipse :) 
ran a mile , out by the pool for 2+hrs , went shopping , and ate at the cheesecake factory ... what a great day ! 
tomorrow is the last day for Florida fun ... RELAXING on the beach is on the agenda ! 
just went to the beach for the last time on this vacation .. sniff ... sniff ... flight leaves in the morning . 
has been traveling ALL day ... so tired ... and < PROPMALE > knows about his surprise gift now and he loves it ! :) 
had a great vacation and now glad to be home ! 
back to work tomorrow ... 
needs to go to bed now ... but there is too much on my mind . 
week went fast ... whoohoo it's the weekend and < PROPMALE > is off work for most of it ! 
is having a lazy day . 
my head hurts so bad . 
is enjoying to < PROPFEMALE > day . 
doesn't mind the hot days ... summer will be over soon enough . 
wishes this headache would go away ... 
laundry , cleaning , exercising ... trying to be productive tonight . 
glad to be with my husband tonight . 
is glad to be with < PROPMALE > tonight . 
is going to bed soon ... 
is getting stuff done around the house . 
feels like poop . 
wouldn't the world be a much better place to live if people were uplifting and encouraging to others ? 
loves warm < PROPFEMALE > days ! 
is so glad to be with her husband . 
has AC in her car again !!! 
is ready to chillax . 
enjoyed worship service this morning and is now hangin with the family . 
played tennis for the second day in a row ... so tired ... why am i stil up ?... 
doesn't understand why people are so resistant to change ... a lot of times it's a GOOD thing . 
is SOOO thankful for a long weekend . :) enjoying spending time with family and just relaxing . 
loves laughing so hard you cry ! 
got shot by the neighbor boy with a bb while doing yard work ... yes , it hurt but thankfully i'm okay . more shocked than anything . : 0 
is waiting for my man to get home . 
slow stupid computers really annoy me . 
just about 3 more months ... he's almost done ! : ) 
doesn't know what to think right now ... 
what a beautiful day ! 
new biggest loser season starts tonight and the finale of < PROPFEMALE>'s got talent ! yay ! 
wow biggest loser made me cry last night ! so good . had a good day today and getting ready to watch < PROPFEMALE>'s got talent results ! 
an evening with my husband ! watching the movie fighting while eating pizza ... tennis later and reading eclipse tonight . good times . 
hopes for a good day ... at least it's beautiful outside already . 
so thankful God never stops loving us :) 
up so early this morning ... wish i could go back to bed . 
so excited for Biggest Loser tonight ! you should watch it ! so good ! 
has learned some hard lessons this week ... glad it's the weekend so my mind can take a break . 
is having a good day ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
what a beautiful day ... going to be outside as much as my to-do list will allow me . :) 
needs to relax . 
got 26 items for $36 at aldi today ! milk there is only $1.88 ! 
has killed two bugs and a spider in my house tonight all within 10 mins . of each other ! 
< PROPMALE > has a saturday off ! amazing . 
go colts ! 
is so thankful for the family and friends in my life ! 
biggest loser night !!! 
so thankful for a 3 day weekend ! :) 
resting and reading a book . 
watched Knowing last night ... did not like it . 
cooked two meals for this week , finishing laundry , cleaning and now off to get an oil change ... so much for a relaxing day off ... 
wow , what a CRAZY day ! my head is spinning ! excited for biggest loser as usual ! : ) 
home with my man :) 
life is full of interesting surprises ... 
going to Indy for the afternoon ... get to see both sisters today :) 
feels better after a good workout ! 
has no words right now . 
so thankful for weekends ! 
feels like poo ... home with husband ... go colts ! 
enjoyed a date night with < PROPMALE > :) 
... sigh .... one day at a time ... 
had a good day :) 
hates that it's dark at 6pm ! 
feels happy :) 
this week went so quickly i still can't catch my breath .... thank goodness tomorrows Friday ! 
what a beautiful day that the Lord has made ! 
so excited ... biggest loser tonight and a day off tomorrow !!! 
so glad for a day off ... back to work tomorrow ... 
so glad to sleep in tomorrow :) 
GO COLTS !!! 
sometimes I wish I could turn the \thinking\ " button off in my brain ... " 
yay ! biggest loser night ! 
made < PROPMALE > with broccoli and chicken for dinner ! yum ! so good ! 
is so tired and so thankful it's the weekend ... excited to be with my family and celebrate thanksgiving on sunday ! :) 
sinus headaches are horrible ... makes me feel like poo ... 
4 days off ... so nice . 
thank you , Lord , for all the blessings in my life . 
so glad < PROPMALE > got his awesome deal today so we don't have to get up before the crack of < PROPFEMALE > . :) still shopping tomorrow ... it's going to be CRAZY . 
had fun shopping with my man today ... more than half way done with buying Christmas gifts ! got some great deals ! 
Go Colts 11-0 ! 
has a KILLER headache ... 
people who don't know how round-abouts work make me laugh . 
so glad to sleep in tomorrow . 
great day of rest , relaxation , and wrapping presents ! 
had a great day with my family :) 
what an adventure I have had today ... first car accident involving two other cars ... thankfully everyone was okay . 
what a roller coaster of ups and downs this week has been ... 
feels like poo . 
so much to think about and so much to do .... 
had fun celebrating < PROPMALE>'s college graduation ... he's finally done ! yay ! 
my throat is REALLY sore ... hope I\m not getting sick ... that would be a bummer for Christmas . " 
the sun will come out tomorrow ... 
spending time with my family and using my new netbook ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
so thankful for the reason for the season . 
loving the snow ! loving being with my husband ! loving the day ! 
the blind side is really good ... you should see it ! 
Choose 1 word for the New Year instead of a New Year's Resolution . Mine ? ~ Positivity ~ 
great date with < PROPMALE > tonight ... narnia movie , shopping and roadhouse ! we both got carted at roadhouse since we got sat in the bar .... guess someday we will look like we are grownups ! overall ... wonderful day to start the new year ! 
excited for a great week ! 
hot blueberry tea ... yum ... 
going to spend time with a dear friend 
always be ready to accept the next thing life throws at you ... you just never know when it will throw a curve ball ... 
sure wish this headache that I've had for two days would go away ... 
three day weekend ! :) 
so glad to get some much needed sleep last night ! slept for 12 hrs ! 
let's go COLTS ! You can do it ! 
sooo glad to eat , sit , put my feet up , relax , and do NOTHING ! 
so i was at the markland mall tonight getting a purchase rung up and the cashier was like \someone got shot in the bathroom somewhere in the mall\ " ... so random and scary ... so many cops there too ! " 
what a lazy day ... i'm so ready for the colts game tomorrow ! 
watching Planet Earth ... so awesome ... 
relaxing quiet evening ahead ... 
enjoying some yummy potato soup and catching up on american idol :) 
yay to getting a new car today ! no more driving a totaled car ! 
weekend went too quickly ... back to work ... 
today went better than i thought ... :) 
so thankful for my job ! 
needs a vacation ... ready to go somewhere warm and RELAX . 
stoked for the game ! GO COLTS ! 
SO disappointed . 
do your best to NEVER get in an auto accident ... trying to get compensation for it is next to impossible especially when the witness ' story doesn't match all parties involved in the accident . 
LOVES the SNOW :) 
is blessed . 
came home to home cooked dinner ... yum .... 
so wonderful that some people know just the thing you need at the moment you need it ... 
thankful for my man and another day off :) 
ready to see my family in OH :) 
glad to be home ... ready to bring on the week . 
is proud for thinking positively . 
so sad biggest loser isn't on till next month ... 
is having a good day ... very productive at work and home ... i'm in a good mood :) 
vacation ... two weeks and counting ... 
nice relaxing day with caleb ... going to indy 
what a day ... so nice to come home to see that < PROPMALE > is off :) 
SO annoyed ... what was < PROPMALE > thinking ? 
laundry and groceries ... then relaxing . 
yay for weekends :) 
love my nephews ... they make me smile :) 
had a great evening of fun , relaxation , games , food , and laughing :) thanks girls ! 
took a 3 hour nap and feel somewhat better ... how is it possible to sleep so much and still be tired ??? 
what a day ... 
3 more days and counting :) 
thanks to collision cure and a few clips my front bumper on my car won't fall off now ... they did it for free ! can't believe wilkerson's body shop had no one in sight to help me ! 
feels much better after taking a mile walk and cleaning out the flowerbeds on this BEAUTIFUL day ! 
came home from work to my husband cooking me dinner !!! smells good !!! he's also taking me to a movie !!! yay for a good evening !!! 
had lunch and shopped with a dear friend today :) 
enjoying a quiet relaxing day ... hoping < PROPMALE > feels better soon ... 
doesn't have to get up early ... can u say VACATION :) 
ready to enjoy this BEAUTIFUL day ! 
sunshine brings joy to my soul and puts a smile on my face :) 
fun day planned with my husband and nephews :) 
going hiking today :) 
what a great vacation I have had ... * sigh * ... it has been BEAUTIFUL weather and had lots of fun ! 
bye bye vacation ... early monday morning is going to hit me hard ... 
KILLER headache .......................... 
american idol is somewhat disappointing tonight ... 
got off early , opened my windows , and going to meet my wonderful husband on his dinner break ... great day :) 
\This is the day that the Lord has made I will rejoice and be glad in it . \"" 
God Is Good . His Love Endures Forever . 
loves when you talk to a dog and they tilt their head back and forth as if they are trying to figure out what you are saying ... it makes me smile :) 
has had great family fun this weekend :) 
ready for a great week at work and a great week of sunshine ! 
great day , feel good , wonderful sunshine ! 
wonderful evening with < PROPMALE > and chewy at the park :) 
ready for a great day at church and with family ! thank you lord for the price you paid ! 
what a roller coaster of a day ... the sun will come out tomorrow ... 
waiting for my man to get home so we can go to the park ! 
doesn't have anything to say . 
feels a sudden cold coming on ... ugh ... 
morning at the er with caleb ... all tests came back good ... don't understand what's wrong ... 
did lots of yard work today ... so nice to soak up some sunshine ! 
2 1/2 hr nap today ! feel better but have a slight fever :( 
God is so good ... no matter if it's < PROPFEMALE > or rainy 
~ life is like a roller coaster ride ... sometimes you're up , sometimes you're down , and sometimes you're upside down ~ 
just wants to feel better .... 
needs to get some rest ... thankfully the weekend is approaching ... 
made breakfast with < PROPMALE > , watched Life , and now furiously cleaning the house ! glad i got more meds so i feel better now . 
the sound of rain is so peaceful .... 
ready for a great day of worship , rest , and relaxation . 
finally has a CLEAN house ! 
loves the lessons that life teaches us . 
love , love , love Biggest Loser !!! 
children never cease to amaze me :) 
Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . It is not rude , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . Love never fails . 
ready for a < PROPFEMALE > day ! 
making sausage biscuits and gravy for dinner :) 
< PROPFIRST > is SO good 
it's so wonderful to drive with the sunroof open , windows down , sunglasses on , and the warm sunshine beating down on you ! 
great night for a walk and planting flowers :) 
weekend ! :) hanging with my man :) 
feels like fall outside ... ugh . 
what a nice day ... went to church , cooked mom lunch , and got to see my family :) 
some laundry and lots of relaxation .... 
sold my first car to the junkyard ... sniff ... sniff ... 
time for a nap ...... 
very thankful for many people in my life 
God is so good . 
what a BEAUTIFUL day ! just what i needed ! 
has chosen to make this a good week :) 
happy 5th anniversary sweetie <3 
has enjoyed Lost so much ... but now it's just ending so weird .... 
SO thankful for AC in my house ! too bad it's not in my car .... 
thank you , lord , for every blessing and every opportunity to be reminded that you are in control ... 
is worn out from head to toe .... 
SO thankful for a 3 day weekend ! 
wow 5 fire trucks , one police car , a fire rescue car , and an ambulance were in my neighborhood surrounding my next door neighbor's house because of smoke billowing out of it ! thankfully no one was hurt but they will come home from camping very surprised ! 
This is the day that the Lord has made ! I will rejoice and be glad in it ! :) 
freedom's never free ... thank you to all of those who have fought and died for my freedom ! 
so awesome .... caleb made me dinner ! :) 
coloring is quite relaxing ... 
great day ahead ... worship services and then party for Aidan ! 
sometimes it's hard to keep your < PROPFEMALE > up . 
God does answer prayers ... you just have to ask ... 
thank you all for the birthday wishes !!! crazy day at work , but i'm still smiling !!! :) 
great family time today :) couldn't live without them 
walked two < PROPMALE > last night and zumba tonight ... i feel great ! 
prayer . power . strength . 
great weekend ... back to work now ... 
why is it that some people don't look in the mirror before leaving their house ........... or ever ????? 
wow , what a week ....... yay for a long weekend !!! 
needs a vacation ......................... 3 DAYS :) 
eye dr. and a good friends wedding today .... 
church and then who knows what ..... 
most relaxing monday in a LONG time :) 
sure wish i weren't sick on my vacation .... 
chicken and noddles for dinner ..... yummy good ! 
spending time with two special people today :) 
thoroughly enjoyed this relaxing week .... do i really have to go back to work tomorrow ??? 
loves my husband 
talking to two of the most important people in my life .... 
why is it everyday i go to the mailbox anticipating a great surprise ....... only to find more bills to pay ???? 
just want the thinking button to turn off ...... 
biked 5 < PROPMALE > tonight ..... gonna feel that tomorrow .... 
sometimes saying nothing is better than something . 
love my family <3 
oober excited to spend the weekend with my handsome man at HOLIDAY WORLD and COLTS GAME :) 
yay for fun at holiday world , boo for standing in lines for a longggg time ! yay for being in < PROPMALE > oil stadium for the first time , boo for the colts loosing ! all in all , great weekend ! 
spa party tonight :) 
loves sleeping 
what a wonderfully beautifuly peaceful day ......... 
please keep my mother-in-law in your prayers .... open heart surgery tomorrow . 
mother-in-law is out of surgery . breathing on her own , praise the lord ! get to see her in the next couple of hours . 
Thanks so much for all the prayers for < PROPFEMALE > . Got to see her tonight . She was in so much pain and discomfort , but is breathing well and got some rest . Please keep praying ! She has a long way to recovery . The ultimate Healer will hear our cry ! 
laundry clean . kitchen clean . towels clean . rugs clean . bathrooms clean . done cleaning for today . 
great day . ready for another one . :) 
serve others : you won't regret it and it will put a smile on your face . 
needs peace that passes all understanding . 
what BEAUTIFUL day that the Lord has made ! i will rejoice and be glad in it ! 
comcast . one of the most inconsistent working cable and internet providers . grrr . 
going for a walk , finish reading my book , and then sleep . love sleep . need sleep . 
ready for a great day ! 
Run to God , not away ! ~ < PROPFEMALE > 
can hardly move her neck ... so painful . 
3 hour nap , colts game , relaxing :) 
family feud question : why might someone not want to go to the bank ? \ 
1 . no money\ 
2 . lines\ 
3 . fear of robbery\ 
4 . BANK EMPLOYEES 
want 2 feel better . 
the greatest things in life are the things money can't buy ! 
last night < PROPMALE > works at walmart .... ever .... no more nights ... no more weekends . this is going to be different ... and very wonderful ! 
1 hr . massage this morning !!! :) my husband is so loving and wonderful to get me a gift card so i could have some me time and relax ! :) 
made a great dinner ~ now watching \what lies beneath\ " ~ why do i put myself through such stress and torture ! " 
come on colts ! you better win ! 
When you come to the end of your life . Will your life reflect what you did for God or what you did for yourself ? ~ Sonya Duer 
has a good tired feeling from zumba :) 
so tired , so ready for bed all ready . 
10 hrs of sleep , clean house , clean sheets , lunch eaten ..... now for enjoying the rest of this BEAUTIFUL day ! 
great worship , great lunch , great game , great nap , great chocolate chip cookies we made ! 
wow , where did the day go ???? so fast ... back to work tomorrow ... must wake up with my feet running ... it's going to be a crazy one ... 
things almost never go as planned ... that's ok ... makes life interesting . 
sure wish the laundry would do itself ..... 
corn maze fun 
ready for a great day at worship , colts game , and visiting with a dear friend : ) 
God is bigger than anything . 
ugh 
home sick .... sleep sounds good . 
Difference between happiness and joy : happiness is wearing a temporary smile on your face ; joy is wearing a permanent smile on your heart . 
duck tape . duck tape would be helpful . keep me from biting my tongue . 
really wants some ice cream ! 
red lobster , shopping , fun , family , and movies :) 
early day off . dusted . swept . clean dishes . ready for day of healing tomorrow with < PROPMALE > . 
don't forget to turn your clocks back tonight ! 
this world is not my home .... 
yay , a day off ! boo , i have a cold and feel like poo ! 
pushed through the sickness today ...... got chewy groomed , did 4 loads of laundry , made lunch for < PROPMALE > , got groceries , and now off to eat dinner with the in-law's :) 
Do not be wise in your own eyes ; \ 
Fear the Lord and depart from evil . http://read.ly/Prov3.7.NKJV 
Don’t assume that you know it all . \ 
\ 
Run to God ! Run from evil ! http://read.ly/Prov3.7.MSG 
The best way of removing negativity is to laugh and be joyous . \ 
~ David Icke 
In peace I will both lie down and sleep , for You , Lord , alone make me dwell in safety and confident trust . Psalm 4 : 8 
pepto run this morning for caleb ..... sure hope he feels better soon ! 
so thankful < PROPMALE > is feeling better and actually ate food first time in 3 days ! 
watched the president drive by work today .... saw his silhouette in the limo . 
it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas at the Ely house :) 
so very thankful today ! 
great trip to OH to visit grandparents :) 
Christmas is less than a month away ... anyone ready ??? 
~ so precious are the people in our lives and the lessons we learn from them ~ 
so should not have had that caffeine today ..................... 
in the air right now .... fort myers here i come ! 70 and ? : ) 
loving the beauty of FL that God made ! 
what a BEAUTIFUL day that the LORD has made !!! 70's , < PROPFEMALE > , breezy .... great day to spend on the beach relaxing , thinking , and meditating on what the Lord has done for you and me ! 
walked in the rain on the beach today .... what a wonderful experience it was ! 
last day in FL .... so thankful for this time of relaxation , rejuvenation , and a restful spirit ! :) 
soon to land back in chilly indiana ! back to work tomorrow ! 
Laughter is good medicine ! :) What an enjoyable evening at the < PROPFIRST > Heck Show : Christmas without the X . 
took a nap tonight and slept off my migraine :) 
Biggest Loser Finale !!! 
In God We Trust 
long day ............... long , but fun one ahead tomorrow . congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > ely and < PROPMALE > baxter for getting hitched tomorrow ! 
helping < PROPMALE > with wedding pics today ! excited for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
SO sorry to all who had their news feed filled with stuff from status cloud from me ! it was an accident ! 
so thankful for the people in my life that i love and those who love me :) 
so a customer told me he was in Meijer today grabbing the last toy of its kind for his son ........ then an elderly lady started beating him with an umbrella because she told him that was a present for her grandson ! wow . sure glad i'm done christmas shopping ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to All ! Have a joyous day of family , food , and fun ! :) 
great worship , great lunch , great nap , and great colts game ! even the laundry is done and house is clean ! sure hope tomorrow will be great at work ! 
oh what a day ............................. 
don't you love it when you come out of a store and have no idea where you parked ??? 
Since you are my rock and my fortress , \ 
for the sake of your name lead and guide me . \ 
~ Psalm 31:3 ~ 
feels like i got hit by a < PROPMALE > truck today ...... so ready for bed ........ 
thank you for the cross , lord\ 
thank you for the nail-pierced hands\ 
bearing all my sin and shame\ 
in love you came\ 
and gave amazing grace 
blah ........................ 
so thankful for the weekend ! 
Colts let's get a big W !!! 
a child in walmart was screa < PROPFEMALE > g at the top of her lungs ( it was echoing all through the grocery side and registers ) all because her mother took away a bag of cookies that she opened and dumped all over the floor ..... the screa < PROPFEMALE > g went on for about 20 < PROPFEMALE > . someone needed an attitude adjustment ....... 
so thankful for my husband ! he loves and cares about me so much ! gotta love him ! 
so glad God holds our hand and picks us up when we don't have the strength to keep going . 
................... taking my frustration out on cleaning ............................. 
relaxed . got a haircut . ate . relaxed . ate . relaxed . great day . :) 
love having an extra day to catch up and relax :) 
\Because of the Lord’s great love we are not consumed 
dayquil ~ nyquil are my best friends right now . 
enjoy watching my nephews wrestle ..... even if it is for 30 sec . out of 3 hrs . 
He LORD is the everlasting God , \ 
the Creator of the ends of the earth .... \ 
He gives strength to the weary \ 
and increases the power of the weak . \ 
Even youths grow tired and weary , \ 
and young men stumble and fall ; \ 
But those who hope in the LORD \ 
will renew their strength . \ 
They will soar on wings like eagles ; \ 
they will run and not grow weary , \ 
they will walk and not be faint . 
God is good all the time , no matter if we are on a mountain or in a valley .... 
Bucca di Beppo and Pacer game tonight for < PROPMALE>'s B-day !!! So excited !!! We are in the 8th row on the end !!! 
amazed by people's love and support of those in need :) 
gotta love work snow days :) 
thankful for a warm house and a garage :) 
PNC Bank CLOSED 
great day to play catch up and relax ... laundry done . dusting done . sweeping done . bathrooms done . played little big planet 2 . played fb games . now for playing some cards .... 
needs to take out my frustration on zumba ! 
: ) 
chose happy . is happy . 
almost had to get the cops involved . 
Life has a way of testing ones foundations , it stresses you to the point of collapse , and the outcome depends on the strength of your foundation 
early day off .... groceries , massage , and bible study .... good day ! 
God is so good 
Finish the sentence ... I MISS BACK WHEN .. 
so ... i'm in Aeropastale shopping through the BOGO t's and a lady walks up to me and asks me how much the shirts are on another table ! i was like , i don't work here . she was like , oh i saw you folding shirts ..... told < PROPMALE > i was just folding the shirts back after looking at them ...... guess i was made for retail clothing stores ! 
Good day . Ready for another one tomorrow . Looking forward to worship and a great lunch that I've planned < :) > 
Look out Monday ! I'm going to kick you before you can kick me : ) 
Love listening to < PROPFIRST > Castro ... so relaxing and reflective . 
sometimes all you need is a hug from the right person to let all your cares go ..... 
thank you , lord , for a much better day today . 
\Have you seen these teams by the way ? It's like the Care Bears vs . an NFL team . \ " \ 
one . more . day . :) 
wow . 
Ohio here we come for some great family time ! 
smile , laugh , and be positive as possible and some STILL don't even crack a smile . happiness is a choice . 
dear headache , go away and never come again ! 
Revelation 21:4 
seems like that pic was taken just yesterday ........ but it was taken almost SIX years ago . wow . 
i . love . weekends . :) 
Romans 6:14 NIV\ 
For sin shall not be your master , because you are not under law , but under grace . 
great run in the crisp air tonight .... thanks , < PROPMALE > ! 
thankful for an early day off .... saw one of my sisters , groceries , laundry , cleaning , reading , fb , and time with husband . :) 
His power is made perfect in our weakness 
what matters most to you in life ? 
clean house ~ clean clothes ~ cute painted toes ~ great study ~ good movies 
Thoughts and prayers are with Aarin Brown . May God's peace and comfort reign down on her . God , we will praise you in this storm . 
\The faithful love of the Lord never ends ! \ 
tissue please ! 
The rain helps me remember how wonderful the sun is . 
~ For God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son that whoever believes in Him shall not perish but have everlasting life ~ \ 
< PROPFIRST > 3:16 
feels like poo .... aches , chills , slight fever , sick to my stomach . blah . 
there's more to life than thinking everything is about you . 
beautiful day ! :) <3 :) 
has no words to express how i feel right now ....... 
“You've done it before and you can do it now . See the positive possibilities . Redirect the substantial energy of your frustration and turn it into positive , effective , unstoppable determination . ” 
“A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity ; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty . ” 
my poor dog can not even see for all the hair hanging in his eyes ! someone needs to get that dog a haircut ! 
Be spontaneous . Let go of routine . Choose to embrace . 
For his anger lasts only a moment , \ 
but his favor lasts a lifetime ; \ 
weeping may remain for a night , \ 
but rejoicing comes in the morning . http://bible.us/Ps30.5.NIV84 
The Lord is gracious and compassionate , \ 
slow to anger and < PROPMALE > in love . http://bible.us/Ps145.8.NIV84 
good day :) 
\Why choose to fail when success is an option ? \ " \ 
sees glimpses of hope .... 
Off early on a friday :) 
lemon-butter tilapia + rice + steamed green beans = delicious dinner 
Not to us , O Lord , not to us\ 
but to your name be the < PROPFEMALE > , \ 
because of your love and faithfulness . http://bible.us/Ps115.1.NIV84 
When anxiety was great within me , \ 
your consolation brought joy to my soul . http://bible.us/Ps94.19.NIV84 
you are never too old for peanut butter n jelly ! still tastes good ! 
“He who teaches children learns more than they do” 
hhmmm ..... 
He was wiser than any other man , including < PROPMALE > the Ezrahite—wiser than Heman , Calcol and Darda , the sons of Mahol . And his fame spread to all the surrounding nations . http://bible.us/1Kgs4.31.NIV84 
Trust in the Lord with all your heart\ 
and < PROPFEMALE > not on your own understanding ; http://bible.us/Prov3.5.NIV84 
When life gets unbearable , think about what it would have meant if Jesus had not endured the cross for us . 
someone restrain me ..... i'm going to kill this dog !!! 
A fool shows his annoyance at once , \ 
but a prudent man overlooks an insult . http://bible.us/Prov12.16.NIV84 
beautiful day !!! cleaned up my flowerbed , cleaned up the back porch , and fertilized the lawn ! LOVE days out in the sun !!! 
best day in a long time ! :) so thankful for a beautiful warm day ! <3 
ready for worship and to spend time with my family ! another GORGEOUS day !!! 
A cheerful heart is good medicine , \ 
but a crushed spirit dries up the bones . http://bible.us/Prov17.22.NIV84 
how do you define happiness ? 
went to the park for a mile walk with chewy while < PROPMALE > played basketball . then weed whacked while < PROPMALE > mowed . great evening . 
laugh till you fall on the floor 
BBGs .... love you ! 
For I am convinced that neither death nor life , neither angels\ 
nor demons , neither the present nor the future , nor any powers , \ 
neither height nor depth , nor anything else in all creation , \ 
will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord . \ " , 2011-04-16 13:17:30 " 
“True happiness brings more richness than all the money in the world . ” 
if sleep doesn't help tiredness ... what will ? 
