OK ... It's damn near 0100hrs , i think the capa w extra caffine is wearing off . gonna go try to sleep . tomorrow be long day . 

... good night ... 
me and < PROPFIRST > gonna play army of two during naps !!! I'm actually excited . 
I look better as a ghost . 
Just went on a 40 mile motorcycle ride w < PROPFIRST > ; im trying to come down from the rush !!!! 
im bored . I think i'll go to sleep . 
Had a great and magical time at < PROPFEMALE > and joshs wedding . glad they finally tied the knot . I cant remember my toast though ... jaime said there was alot of curse words . oh well . love you guys !!!!!! 
woke up this morning in my tux . that's a first . 
oooh ... fattire makes my head hurt ... 
God ! Bloodlines IS addictive ! I cant stay away from it ! 
Thanks to all my friends and family , military and other wise , for making this as easy as possible , and putting up with every annoying request I have had . I know your thoughts and love are with me , as mine are with you . Just as you are with me , I will also always be with you . Thanks again . 
some people may be weak by nature , and sometimes that weak person has to be the strongest person in the room 
Muscle relaxers if finally wearing off ... of course my neck is starting to knot up again . ( sigh ) ... here we go again ... 
GRRRRRRRR ... 
Let's see how honest FB friends are ... Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting 
i may eat my kids today ... 
Happy Turkey Day Everyone !!!!! :) 
I have new updates about the deployment . If you have any questions please give me a call . If you dont ahve my # , I'll get it to you . 
I feel like I could tear people apart right now ... fricken stone hard Noncomissioned Officer . EWW RAWW !!!!! 
Night two without working out . All this aggression and nothing to take it out on . It's bringing me down . Kinda blue . This sucks . 
Tryin to figure out what music is played while Darth Vader and < PROPMALE > Skywalker duel in Return of the Jedi . Very epic battle , and kinda close to my heart for some reason . ( i'm a little twisted huh ? ) 
4 Days 
Been friends for thirteen years , been together for nine years and been married for going on seven years ( September ) . 
I'm playing on facebook ... on my BRAND NEW LAPTOP !!!!!!!! 
I wish my stupid mouth would just friggen heal . I'm sickof this . 
... a little more nervous for this trip for some reason . Probebly cause we need to be up , ready , and alert soooooo early . I'll be better once I get round the Soldiers . 
WE FORGOT BENFORD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Alabama , SawyerBrown , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , feelin greal nostalgic tonigt . \We like our beer flat as can be \"" 
It seems the more I try to figure my Master Sergeant out the more he confuses me . Great leader ? Probebly , but he's messin with my brain . 
Hell switchen to the night shift sucks . I could never do that agiain and that'd be just fine . 
\SAVE THE BEER LADS ! SAVE THE BEER ! \"" 
Mama , im comin home 
I have boarded the plane ! 
Hey everyone ! i made it home from < PROPFEMALE > ( not so warm ) ca . Goin to the omaha zoo today . ill be back evening . 
On my way home from Omaha . went to see dads grave 1st . going to the civic center to c my surprise . 
DUDE ! IM WATCHIN W AND A HALF MEN AND < PROPMALE > HAS A METALLICA POSTER ON HIS DOOR ! KICK @$$ !!! 
Getting ready to watch \killer klowns from outer space\ " for the first time since i was a kid ! " 
Abby ... someone ... 
MY GOD MAN !!!!!! 
To all my face book friends . I will be leaving soon so unfortunatly im going to be deleting some of you . Trust me , I wont get rid of anybody who honestly knows me . Sorry . 
I hate 3d movies ... at least its fun time w the kid . 
Thanks to all my friends and family for comin out last night . it really meant alot to see everyone . 
YAY !!! NOTHUNGOVER NEMORE !!! WHOO HOO 
Got to see my daughter dance for the first time tonight . bout damn time ! 
Wow ... got to see my daughter dance plus kinda play \coach\ " at her Bam Bam meet . Now watching Avatar w wifey . Pretty perfect day . " 
Faith : knowing in ur heart that God has a plan and trusting it ... evan though u have no @ #cking idea what it is or why . 
... thars a starm a'comin ... it starts tammera ... >:{ 
Walk on the stage , listen to people talk for a couple hrs , walk off the stage ... 
Hey everybody , just so u know our festivities yesterday made front < PROPFEMALE > of the DSM register . if u dont get a copy and u want to c the article let < PROPFIRST > know . 
Name this song for me : \all the right ( somthing ) in all the right places ... everbody knows everybodys knows ... \"" 
Zzzzzzzzz ... 
Slipknot is definatly one of my neccisary evils . they make me angry to get my mind of everything else ... 
Ooooh ... i have this baaaaad feeling ... 
Oi ... 
MY GOD ... now i know how < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > felt when they racked him ... jeez !!! 
were getting wireless internet in the barracks on monday . whoo hooo !!! 
A soldier is someone , who at one point in\ 
their life wrote a blank check made payable to the United States of\ 
< PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is an\ 
honor , and there are way too many people in this country today who seem\ 
to no longer understand that fact . Copy and paste this if you are\ 
thankful for your < PROPFEMALE > n soldiers ! 
So i'm sitten here ... not doin an f'in thing ... there's no data going to the computers ... where not even looking at the damn things ... everybody is playing cards ... why am I here again instead of in my bunk ? Though I wont leave until my battle is ready . 
YAY !!! SMALL POX !!! WHOO HOOO !!!... 
Please put this on your status if you know , \ 
or are related to , someone killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish for 2010\ 
is that people will understand that the Rebel Alliance is a band of\ 
terrorist scum . The Empire wants only to bring peace to the galaxy but\ 
these rebels continue to kill our brave brothers in white ... 93% won't\ 
copy and paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one\ 
hour ? 
\ ... he promised i would find a little solace and some piece of mind . Whatever just as long as i dont feel so desperate ... \"" 
I hate Army online Training . I always have to use my own computer cause Army computers suck . 
Hey everybody !!! I'm in my first overseas country !!! I'm doing very well . The food is outstanding ! It's like 3 or 4 < PROPFEMALE > restaurant good . Sorry I havent been callin but I dont have a phone card yet , but my SSG bought a few of us internet for a week . 
... I'll keep you all posted as well as I can , but I cant always tell you where I am . I'll do the best i can . Thats all I got for now , i'll yak again hopefully tomorrow . < PROPMALE > , happy early birthday in case I forget weds . Love you all . thanks for all the support and prayers . 
How can someone be in the service so long , attain so much rank , and still not be able to do the simplist basic stuff ... like correcting malfuntions of a weapon ? I understand we dont get alot of experiance with them , but it should be muscle memory by now for most people . 
< PROPFIRST > , answer skype 
< PROPFIRST > , answer skype or facebook . 
you awake < PROPFIRST > ? 
< PROPFIRST > , skype . 
< PROPFIRST > , skype ? 
I bet if I shaved all the hair on my head , I could have fried eggs on my scalp today . Although , I made myself walk around in it so how smart does that make me ? Please dont answer that . 
Morning all ! At least it's morning to me . Hope everybody has a great day at home(or night ) . I'm gonna go do some PT and i'll yak at everyone later ... or this evening ... whatever ... 
I have internet but it's flaky . If peeps at home want to contact me my email is patrick.mcmahill@us.army.mil . Its the only really reliable way to talk to me . 
miss the kids , miss the wife ... MISS THE < PROPFEMALE > !!! INEED TO DRUM MAN ! I need to drum so hard it brings buildings down and creates canyons and craters in the ground !!! this weekends goal , kind a < PROPFEMALE > . 
... by the way , hi to everyone , i love and miss you all ... 
Took PT test today . Passed , but sucked . Feel like I got smashed between a < PROPMALE > and a pile of bricks . Owie ... 
I , my friends , am taking what I think is a well deserved nap ! 
Really tired today , it's not effecting me yet , but I feel the crash coming . Goin on 2 hrs of sleep people , it sucks . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERY ONE !!!!!!!!!! 
I'm trying to decide . A Kindle , or the one from Barnes and < PROPMALE > . And do I read enouph to get either one ? 
Not entirely pleased with how SG Atlantis ended . It deserved another season to sum things up . Just sayin . 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > , i miss you . 
Really diggin Avenged Sevenfold lately ... 
Well ... I'm home . ( That's all I got , deuces . ) 
Been up since five . Just woke up and cant get back to sleep . Kinda sucks a little . Wide awake . 
For the second time in about 9 months , i played my beloved drums , and for the first time over 15 years , I played until my hands bled . I feel pretty good now . Got some descent video too ... except you cant really hear it ... :( 
What do people think ? What's this world coming too ? Why are people the way they are ? Our forefathers are rolling over in there graves , I guarantee it . 
Me and the wife ... dominating Borderlands . Ka-Chow ! 
this sucks this sucks this really really SUCKS !!! 
Well , i'm back ... expletive expletive expletive !!!!! Shibalba ! 
who has two thumbs and has been bright eyed since 0130 ? Yep you guessed it ... been watching true blood all morning . 
I hate ... utterly detest online training . I really really do . Yes sir . 
... how the hell do i view a video I uploaded ? this is really $issin me off ! 
I have to say this , and I dont care who sees , if I must be thousands of < PROPMALE > from those I love and charish , my fam and friends , then I cant thank of anybody else that I would want to spend my birthday with , then the Soldiers I was with today . I mean that . 
To everybody , Thanks so much for all the birthday wishes . I gotta say , despite the obvious , it was awesome . Thanks again . 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ... 
quick , some one help me ... am I still an aquairious ? I spelled that wrong didnt I ...? 
Any body wanna start a band when i get home ? LOL ! 
YOU AND I WAKE UP IN JAIL TOGETHER ... Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so i may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 
grrrrrrrrr ....... 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals . Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future 
\Blast this Christmas music ! ... it's joyful and triumphant ... \ " Grinch " 
Hall Pass , funny as hell , just close your eyes at the hot tub scene , i'm gonna have nightmares tonight . 
Beer sounds so good right now . Damn it ! 
Trying not to let stupid things get to me , trying not to let stupid things get to me , trying , trying , trying .... not ... working .... GAAAAAAAAAH !!!!!!! 
Huge fn headache ? Check . Tired and need a nap ? Check . Blood Boiling ? DBL Check . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMcxPTakmC8 
Soooooo ... yeah ... what's up ? 
Grrrrrrrrrr ......... Borrrrreeeeeeed ....... I need to drum BAD !!! 
lauph if you want but i'm listening to dont stop believing by journey . 
SOOOoo ready to blow this joint . Been a great experience , but enough is enough . 
