Bored , as usual ... 

What was I thinking when I joined ? I haven't even had this account for two hours and this site gave me headache or is it the babysitting or lack of caffiene abuse 
Sending kids to bed ; bad , even if it was the mother's order . Not fun and I think the oldest hates me . 
Me : \What part of time out don't you understand ? \ " \ 
Kids , the ultimate birth control . Babysitting , the most effective way to get it . 
Ah , the power of imagination , how wonderful - when children use it it's an instant headache . 
I got anywhere from 2 hours to 2 minutes of sleep . Exauhsted and not happy , Torture- whoops , I mean school- started again . Senior year , oh joy ! Not happy , at all . 
Why is it when I have no need for a library but a way to waste time , it's open , but when I actually need it , it's closed for what appears to be no reason , thus keeping me away from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > books ? I need something to do ?! 
SPLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ! Iz really bored ! 
Great dayu ! Fabulous ! My Mythology teacher gave us Pomegranite and then in eighth period , my cultural anthropology teacher gave us < PROPFEMALE > ! I <3 Pomegranite ! I <3 M&M's! 
I've realized something . Everyone tends to try to be unique in the same way others do and thereby making no one truly unique which is what causes cliques to form , because some don't unwittingly conform the same way . But then there are those that just conform . 
Gyaaaaaaaaa ! I have Caramelldasen stuck in my head ! I am annoyed with youtube . 
I like it hanging on the bed post . 
I iz tired of U-E's bullshit ! You have to pay $2 to wear a costume if you get this stupid band thing before tomorrow and < PROPFIRST > and I could not find where they are sold so it'll cost us $4 . Meanwhile , I spent like $40 on my costume- which it's my first time spending more than $10 on one . Also , there will be issues if neither of us find where they're being sold and show up in our costumes . 
Oh the amazingness that is caffeine failed me at lunch - I am still dead tired . Me no happy . 
My sister threatened to knock me out with a knife and my only thought was \is that even possible \"" 
<3 
Meow meow meow meow meow , meow meow , meow mew ! <3 
To all those stupid girls out there who are too squeemish to go in the school's pool , shut up , suck it up , jump in and get it over with . It's better for you than purposely tanning . 
Oh joy , have to find a way to get an < PROPMALE > project home safely and it's raining and < PROPFEMALE > . Did I mention said project is on a loom ? Joy . 
I'M BABYSITTING A STRANGER'S CHILD FRIDAY !!!!!!!! Woot ! My first job ! Splee ! 
Does anyone know when The Nightmare Before Christmas will be on ? I need to watch it . Mom , if you read this , that would be a great Christmas present . \ 
\ 
I WANT POCKY ! 
First cold in years . I forgot how much it sucks to have your nose running . 
I need to find an activity to do with the girl I'm baby-sitting by friday . Any ideas ? 
Been up over 24 hours , not happy . I couldn't get to sleep last night - I layed in bed from 9 pm to 3:30 am with my eyes closed trying to get to sleep . 
Why do people insist on hurting my friends ? To all the jerks out there , think before acting . 
< PROPMALE > Miller is BAAAAAACK !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's no fun . :) 
Squeedilyspooch 
it hurts when i poke myself below my knee . i guess that's what i get for falling on my way home from school . oh the joys of being a clutz . 
Gah ! I just admitted to being short ! 
Pocky is the official currency in my home . 
Nearly slipped on my way to school , yet again . Getting really mad . 
Got my laptop , bran-new ! First thing I did when I went to turn it on ... tried to open it from the wrong side . 
Only a fool fears great failure , it is the little things that break a man down . 
Sick and hating it ... 
I think I pulled a muscle coughing . 
Getting yelled at for being responsible . 
