Needs an electric guitar ..... 

What a long day this will be ..... 
sushi 
I need a nap 
what's on my mind ? < PROPFEMALE > ! 
organ grinding machine from outer space 
is not very amused ... 
Today is Lose-A-Palooza ! Please help Action Against Hunger raise $ 25,000 to fight hunger ! 
I haven't checked on my bookface in a really long time .... 
Happy New Year everybody ! 
is tired after a long day of work and a long night of studying .... wishing I could go to sleep 
Goin to study until my brain hurts ! ...... well maybe not THAT much 
The HTC Hero or the Samsung Moment ? Any suggestions ? 
has way too much stuff to learn by Monday ... this better be worth it .... 
Wondering if my family really thinks that by not telling me what we need at home that they are making things easier on me ..... by making my have to go back and forth all over the damn place wasting my time ..... jeez 
Can't even fuckin spell 
needs a nap or something ....... 
Make more money and avoid taxes ? Sweet 
Wondering why the hell I have to live next door to guys that laugh like drunken hyenas 
It's gonna be weird going back to work ... at least it won't be at 6:30 AM 
today started out so good and then it went sour ......... 
disappointed with the current state of our country 
feeling accomplished , manly , and a little like a car thief after opening yet another locked car 
I hate it when people think they know more about my job than I do , hate it when people think I am running a scam even though I am providing something better than what they have , and I really hate it when jackasses think they are experts on a subject because they know a few things or read something online . There are so many ignorant people and so few who wish to listen . 
everyone needs to chill the fuck out 
What is wrong with my tablet ?!!! 
\In honor of the strife of those who've died In generations before for your blood stained < PROPFEMALE > I reject you I deny you I defy you to continue \"" 
no . not me . never . 
your theory of a donut shaped universe is intriguing 
it's all a joke , one big joke 
these cookies suck and I don't have a fork for cake , on top of that I feel like a failure 
RIP Dio(I'm kinda late posting it but who cares ) 
insomnia sucks 
needs to go to sleep .... I don't want to end up playing MW2 all night 
hating the people that scream their heads off like idiots at graduations 
I wish I had punch and cookies too ... 
needs a job 
lfhoih lkv ; ldf [ k 
waking up feeling hungry 
b o r e d 
Error E 74 .................. no !!!!!!!!!!!! 
wondering if the A-Team movie will be any good or if it will suck ...... ( from the previews it seems like it won't compare to the show ) 
Finally got a haircut 
This is pretty damn sweet 
Can't sleep .... this sucks 
So far so good 
Downtown has some of the hottest chicks in Az ! 
If I set my expectations low then I guess I will never be disappointed .... 
Not sure where to go from here .... 
I hate it when people cart in elevators 
I mean fart 
I seriously think my neighbors are mentally challenged 
Hot doesn't even begin to describe it ....... 
just heard someone say the clouds are illegals ..... 
yig < PROPMALE > bow 
people shouldn't have kids if they aren't going to bother to raise them ..... 
Why is Walmart so full of trashy people ? 
Bored . At work and time is going by so slowly . 
So much for MY plans .... 
Wishing work was over already .... 
Ready for the day to be over .... and I have a headache ...... 
This damn headache just keeps getting worse .... thank you world for stressing me out 
looks like the cure to my headache was a good steak ! 
Mmmm Orange < PROPMALE > 
Running into exes is always weird , but it's funny when they turn away after they see you and they look like they saw a ghost ! 
People need to learn how to drive in this state 
Pimps don't cry . never shed a tear . 
Tired of this back pain making me feel tired 
needs something to do ....... 
Philly steak cheese and motley crue .... life is good sometimes ! 
Kinda surprised the philly cheese steak sandwiches I made came out so good ! 
Hoping today will get better 
Still not where I need to be .... 
ooh eeh ooh ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang ........ does anyone else remember this or am I the only tard that does ? 
Anyone know of a good online traffic school that isn't way over priced ? 
I need new glasses 
The weather is crazy in Scottsdale right now 
Hoping the rest of the day goes by quickly 
Hungry .... haven't had lunch yet ... 
This traffic school better be worth it 
So tired .... didn't sleep well ..... just want ... to stay in bed .... 
Feeling very hungry 
I wish I could understand animals , it would make talking to my pets so much easier ... 
Really tired . haven't been able to rest because my bed is uncomfortable and I haven't been able to sleep well , and I have been up since 4 .... tired & in a bad mood 
I could really go for some pizza .... anyone know of a good place for pizza ? 
Mega 
now that was a good time ! 
Need to fix my headlights 
My fridge was on fire ..... hmmm ..... interesting time for a new one maybe ? 
What a long day ..... 
Today had started out so well ... now I just want the day to be over 
What a long day 
Isn't back pain just wonderful ....? 
Hungry but don't know what to eat ... 
Tired of not getting enough sleep 
So do I call the cops when my neighbor is throwing his wife out and throwing plates .. or do I wait until he actually hits her ? 
Sitting next to some cops at the car wash ... one of them has the same phone as me ... I am bored .... 
So tired .... 
It's finally Friday ! 
Velveeta shells and cheese for lunch , so good ... 
The work day should be over already 
So bored ..... so much I could do but nothing is appealing ... 
Longest work day I've had in a while .... bleh 
< PROPMALE > n cheese with Spicy Nacho Doritos is pretty good 
Oh back pain why must you torment me so ? 
I think I drove for almost 10 hours today ...... lucky me 
Woke up with a headache ..... what a way to start the morning 
Tired ..... sleepy ...... annoyed by people with loud trucks at 1 in the morning 
So the hail broke windows at my house and cracked the Explorer's winshield ..... awesome ! 
pulled over for nothing really ... got IDed for nothing really .... and almost got in trouble for having but not having but having insurance ... and why would the cop need my number ? 
World Market let me down , they have cool stuff but their scanners don't work .. ... 
could really go for some pizza right now ...... 
Really hope < PROPFEMALE > passes her test .... 
Golf is so boring to watch ..... 
Wishing I had the day off today .... 
All work and no play better make for good pay 
That was some good food ! good job me ! 
There are definitely some downsides to having my own house ................. 
< PROPMALE > red 
My dog makes such ridiculous noises ..... what a tard 
5 days off in December plus 2 paid holidays ? sweet ! 
I need a nap ... 
Ready to go home ..... 
Damn headache ....... 
Pound of what ? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s car got me in an arm lock over some white chocolate < PROPFEMALE > Kats 
Anyone know if any banks will be open New Years < PROPFEMALE > ? 
So glad to finally be home ... 
Is there always fog at 530 in the morning ? 
Hungry n thirsty 
The smell of pizza is torturing me 
I think it's time for a new job .... again 
the world will scream \Save us\ " and I'll say \ " NO \"" 
