I wish I had something to do gosh i'm such a boring person :P 

ugh .. bored :P 
i'm bored any1 wanna < PROPFEMALE > out 
ahhh my cell phone is sooo stupid 
sometimes i wish i could hide under the covers forever 
i wish you could just leave it at that 
boorrreeeddd :/ 
kinda tired i'm a < PROPFEMALE > out with heaven and < PROPMALE > today ... I think lol 
had a gr8 day i luv hanging out with that girl !! 
I only wanted you to accept me for who i am not judge because of the way i look :( 
i'm on the red team 
ahh well freshman years gonna b gr8 : / 
it's to early 
homecoming 2night :) 
today just sucked ;P 
not happy ... :( 
umm well i don't know 
but as you sleep i love this song 
bored , tired :/ 
Tonight i had play/tech practice and tomorow is late start 
shes gone for good !!! 
sooo confused !!! 
yay i love the snow ! 
What a great fucking way to start out the new year ... Thanks mom :'( thank god for friends 
< PROPFEMALE > haha cvdggb cvdggb zvb zadreeqwruippif h . Gdxesgjnj m I love typeing with my iPod 
My face doesn't fit because my glasses are to big 
Ur head has a flower on it 
Hi I'm < PROPFEMALE > what's Ur name ? 
nananananananananananana .. batman haha super bored 
I Hate this I hate this so much and I didn't even do anything !?!? 
This all just sucks . 
... :( 
I really don't think it can get any worse 
wow lol 
It turned out to be a really good weekend :)) 
sometimes you need to accept an appolgy just because without that person in your life you don't have much of a life 
I feel crappy :( i hate sickness 
Really ? 
haha i like shopping 
wow i really hate my brother right no 
Im hoplessly hopeful your just hopeless enough 
you think i dont understand but you have no idea how much i do 
i just want to break you down so badly in the worst way 
i\m happy i dont have to deal with my brother for this week ! " 
round in circles-lets start over-round in circles-lets start over 
i just got soda everywhere ... love your driving mom haha 
going to a movie in a while :)) 
??? 
who knows anymore ? 
Ice cold milk and an oreo cakester !!!!!!!!! :)) Haha 
got out of the hospital at three thirty this morning they put me on vicodin < PROPFEMALE > i dont feel anything :)) 
Glad to know your friends are of more importance than me 
I got new meds from the doctor not gonna get sick this time i hope .. i get to go to school tomorrow Yay ! 
Your love is the barrel of a gun , so tell me , am I on the right end ? 
oww I forgot my meds at home and I have to babysit 
sometimes i wish things got better before they got worse 
lalalalalalala :) 
so today was just not good :( 
i feel awful but it was a good day anyway :/ 
today could be better :/ 
sooooooo ... meow 
tired , confused , bored 
sooooooooooooooo i hope this weekend goes as planned and better then expected 
who really knows how to breeth when you fall to your knees in agony crying for one one more < PROPMALE > one more day 
It won't be easy but why don't we try 
well today is gonna be great ... mabey 
You don't even know , no one understands 
I'm home 
sometimes people need to know when to walk away 
This day just keeps getting better :) 
the best lies are told with fingers tied so hold them tight 
It's all almost over i just have to breeth and make it through the day 
I'm not sure what to say at this point 
Go back to the place we knew before\ 
retrace our steps to the basement door , \ 
I'll ask you if the rain still makes you smile , \ 
Like so much time that we spent in the fall\ 
it put color in our cheeks while the air turned cold , \ 
Preceding what became our bitter end . 
Went to the library got some books today :) 
I'm looking at the hourglass but paying no attention to time 
I just don't know how to deal with it so i'll walk away . Mabey it will be the end , who knows but i'll wish for a new beginning when it's all over 
I won't let you break me down , it's here and now I'm breaking out , I will learn to love again 
glee tonight :)) 
... Confused 
It's scary how one day someone is there and the next day there gone 
This is the worst mistake I’ve made , And I make thousands every day , If you give this one more shot , Ill make it up in every way , Ill call you twice I day , And drive you to the airport , Just so I can watch you leave ... Even if you’re leaving me 
I'm home :) 
I try hard not to think about the pain i feel inside did you know you used to be my hero 
got my hair cut ... it's soooo short 
I didn't do well on any of my finals :( 
what a day 
Ahhhhhhh I want my phone back 
I made a pie ... I feel accomplished :) 
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau ~ 
Time dosen't wait for anyone ... 
Today was a great day :) 
I should cry but you were thinking weak\ 
So close your eyes ill say this once\ 
Just shut your mouth\ 
Just tear me out\ 
Cause you keep talking till I don’t know what you’re talking about\ 
Just let me speak there’s another side of me\ 
Don’t shut me out , and don’t turn me out- Automatic Loveletter 
Some people ... I don't understand 
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them ? 
I went to the ren faire today ... it was amazing ! 
Why do we always try so hard to be someone were not when someone dosen't accept us ? so they can be disappointed to find out who we really are ? 
Going to my gradparents tomorrow 
Fireworks in every direction you look , \ 
smoke filled sky ... This is how it should be :) 
Sooooo friends that randomly bring you food are good :)) haha 
Why are people so willing to call something love when they don't even know the meaning of the word ? 
I don't know what to say right now :/ Hmmmm ... 
Secret love , my escape\ 
take me far far away \ 
secret love , are you there will you answer my prayer \ 
please take me anywhere but here\ 
anywhere but here- Mayday Parade 
I love when it storms <3 
Going to < PROPFIRST>'s beach with < PROPFEMALE > today :) 
sometimes you see the best in someone , but eventually you'll see the worst . 
Come one , come all , you're just in time to witness my first breakdown . -All Time Low 
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea . 
tell me tell me , what makes you think that you are invincible , I can see it in your eyes that you're so sure , please don't tell me that I am the only one that's vulnerable , impossible- Secondhand Serenade 
I had an amazing day :)) 
So , after this is all done and over with where does it leave me ? 
If I was honest about what the problem is i'd have to admit that it's me , but i'm just trying to live up to all that you want me to be 
I'm so confused I want to cry . 
Sweet Dreams ... 
Wow ... 
I'm disappointed in so many ways that you'll never understand . 
Going to the dells this weekend it's gonna be great :)) 
I'm Home !!! 
Sick :( 
Got my schedule ... Not sure if I like it yet . 
Having an awesome week at < PROPFEMALE>'s!! :) 
Trying to decide if I want to stay home tomorrow or if I want to stay another week . 
Home ... 
< PROPFEMALE > school wasn't horrable but it wasn't good either :P 
I'm so sick of all of this ... :/ 
Wow ... this is all wrong . 
God writes a lot of comedy ... the trouble is , he's stuck with so many bad actors who don't know how to play funny . \ 
Garrison Keillor 
Sometimes , I wish I was smart , I wish I made cures for , How people are , I wish I had power , I wish I could lead , I wish I could change the world , For you and me\ 
\ 
' Cause I feel so mad , I feel so angry , I feel so callused , So lost , confused , again , I feel so cheap , So used , unfaithful , Let's start over , Let's start over 
Yawn ... so tired , but < PROPFEMALE > happy for the weekend :)) 
It is sad not to love , but it is much sadder not to be able to love . 
i hate this house , I hate this whole place I wish somebody would take me away ... take me away to a place far far from here 
How can this silance be so loud 
I got my phone back , and had a great weekend on top of that ! 
stay awake\ 
get a grip and get out , your safe\ 
from the weight of the world just take\ 
a second to set things straight\ 
i'll be fine\ 
even though i'm not always right\ 
i can count on the sun to shine\ 
the dedication takes a lifetime\ 
but dreams only last for a night- all time low 
Had an awsome day went shopping then came home and ordered pizza yummy :)) 
Come over here and let me hold your hand and hug you darling\ 
I promise you that it won't always feel this bad\ 
There are so many things I want to say to you 
This weekend should be awsome ! :)) 
Today was a great day . 
Ugh , I hate being sick :( 
You can't break something that's already broken ... 
Confused ... 
So hi . I like dogs . dogs are cool . Yes they are . if only they knew just how cool they were ... 
i'm tired ... and < PROPFIRST > is a dork :D 
... just so fucking confused :/ 
Oooo , today should be fun :D 
The only thing you can control is you ... 
Am I just not good enough , that figures , I never thought I was\ 
All i feel is pain\ 
just stop judging me for once\ 
then my head just pounds with questions , as the room falls down around me\ 
it's all falling down around me 
I know you've seen a lot of things in your life \ 
It got you feeling like this can't be right \ 
But , I won't hurt you ; I'm down for you baby- Keyshia < PROPMALE > 
Does standing on street corner automaticly make you a hooker 
Does standing on street corner automaticly make you a hooker ? 
I'm being replaced ... as if it's so hard to tell 
INBOX\ 
ONLY : Tell me something you've always wanted to say to me , ANYTHING . \ 
This stays betwwen us . Put this as your status and see what you get in \ 
your inbox . :D 
Sometimes friends are all you need :)) 
Would you care to sit and talk for a while and pretend it's all okay ? 
... And you're still the one I can't stop thinking about no matter how hard I try 
The one person I thought could stand up to the world finnaly let the world come rushing through his door ... 
I guess my opinions , thoughts , and ideas don't matter anymore so i'll just keep them to myself from now on ... 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s house :D 
I'm surounded by people that know me but don't know a thing ... But i'm trying to come clean- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Here i come rice lake ... i hope this goes well :) 
At times like these you can't look to the painful times , it's a time for love look at the good in the past , the present , and the future 
Wow stupid people just don't know when to say no and walk away ... right into a black hole 
From a distance you look perfect but the closer I get the more I realize what a beautiful mess you really are ... 
And agin my mind is going in circles ... i'm not sure what to do 
I want to go play in the snow ! but no one will come with me :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas :) 
Yepp i'm confused ! 
I hate cell phones ! Grr 
Sugar cookies yummy ! :D 
A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
could you tell me why ? because i'm not quite sure I understand .. if things happen for a reason what was the reasoning for this ? 
I wanna be a penguin ! :D haha 
i've been numbed , i'm revived , can't say i'm not alive \ 
You know I wouldn't want it any other way- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > :) 
What the hell ? 
What the hell just happened ??? 
Right now I just need to smile and make it through the day ... 
Those who are at war with others are not at peace with themselves . - < PROPFIRST > Hazlitt 
I'm hating myself right now for ever trusting you , for letting you get to me and making me feel so small ... but I just can't help it . Why won't you just leave me alone ? 
What's wrong with you ? You yell and yell can't you see my pain can't you see me crying already ? 
How can someone be that self- centered ? 
I refuse to let my mom take me to the mall anymore ... Wow haha 
Eh , i'm glad valentines day is over finally 
ah , today was a great day i got my shoes today and watched some awesome people try out for the talent show :) 
I think it's naive to pray for world peace if we're not going to change the form in which we live . -Godfrey Reggio 
Wow .. I love haw people can't judge me to my face 
I have a panic attack and what does my mom do ... Walk inside saying whatever kassie ... your such a great mom 
Wow sometimes I really don't understand people's decisons ... 
Well that was a crazy dream o.O 
I hate when your in the middle of talking to someone and then they answer their phone like you wern't saying anything at all 
And who just walked through a drive through ATM ? Me and < PROPFIRST > that's who ! I enjoy being a dork :P 
Oh no ! I'm lost .. Gr 
I'm not afraid this time . 
Well that was ... Interesting hahahaha ! 
Ahhh ! I've been scarred for life .. Again ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > 
Happy birthday to the sister I never got the < PROPMALE > to know . I hope your eleventh birthday is a good one . 
Trust enables you to put your deepest feelings and fears into the palm of ones hand , knowing they will be handled with care- < PROPFIRST > s . < PROPFIRST > 
I'm going to be mature about this this time ... No yelling . I'm going to fix this ... 
And as I sat down for breakfast I asked my dad , why is my pancake square ? Haha wow 
< PROPFEMALE > :) 
Sticky stuff = Awesome 
Wow , I just had to ban my mom from my bedroom ... And who is the parent in this relationship ? 
