it feels like a saturday ... hmmmm 

PARTY AT BAHAMA'S .... :) 
\ You and me goin fishin in the dark ... lyin on our backs and countin the starts where the cool grass grows\ " :) " 
off work for the day ... call to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
\you and me goin fishin in the dark ... lyin on our backs and countin the stars\ " ... :) " 
yay for family reunions ... 
i smell T-R-O-U-B-L-E ... 
family reunion ... then camping with the girls .... :) 
camping in a storm ... wat an adventure ... back at it today :) 
life goes on ... 
... \hey boy do you mind taking me home tonight .. cuz i aint never seen a country boy with tires on his truck this high ... \"" 
... i LOVE listening to the thunderstorms .... 
ROAD TRIP .... ( possibly ) .... :) 
finally got texting .... :) tzt me 
is really sunburned ..... OUCH !!! 
ugh ... i really need to get away ... 
hey boy , do you mind takin ' me home tonight ?... ' Cause I aint never seen a country boy with tires on his truck this high .... I said climb on up but watch the cup that I spit my dip inside ... and hold on tight ' cause its gonna be wilder than any 8 second ride !!! 
wishes she could see parts of her future ... hmmmm .... 
GO PACKERS .... 
GO PACKERS .... I <3 < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
You and me going fishin ' in the dark ... Lying on our backs and counting the stars ... Where the cool grass grows ... Down by the river in the full moonlight ... We'll be falling in love in the middle of the night ... Just moving slow ... Stayin ' the whole night through ... Feels so good to be with you ... 
is < PROPFEMALE > ... in love with thunder storms ... ! 
working on the homecoming float in my garage ... we dont really plan on sleeping ... :) 
ugh ... 
loves her mighty < PROPMALE > .... <3 
doesnt feel like being at home .... hmmm .... 
has < PROPFEMALE > ... much homework .... ugh ... 
home from practice ... now to the homework .... ugh ! 
college apps ... 
wants to crawl into a hole for a very long time .... 
absolutely hates crying ...! 
trying to catch up on homework .... ugh ! 
probably goin out ... later :) 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me one question ( only in my Inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . You have my FULL honesty , but I dare you to put this on your status and see what questions you get 
is super excited with all the snow ... :) 
is really depressed about christmas and doesnt know why ... :( 
off to the pool :) 
Sitting in an ice house fishing :) great way to spend the last day of break ! 
has the worst headache ever .... auditions tonight ! 
my car is broke .... :( 
getting to bed early ... heading to antigo tomorrow ! 
it was < PROPFEMALE > nice to put my dance shoes on again ..... :) 
is watching \Charlie Browns Valentine \"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
is making a cake ... 
is in a horrible mood and just needs to relax tonight ... tomorrow should be better ! 
questions her thought process sometimes ... hmm ... 
doesnt want to go back to SPASH today !!!! 
thank heavens for hot showers :P 
needs to seriously start thinking about what to pack for < PROPMALE > ??? 
waiting on a load of darks ... ugh ! 
< PROPFIRST > + prom = AMAZING 
eople should understand , children with special needs don't have an illness ; there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you be in the 7% who will , and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education Week . Thanks everyone ! All children are special in their own way ! 
finally done visiting colleges ... now for the decision making ! 
SHOWTIME ! SHOWTIME ! SHOWTIME ! SHOWTIME ! SHOWTIME ! SHOWTIME ! SHOWTIME ! SHOWTIME ! SHOWTIME ! 
loves the fact that its thundering !!! 
:) 
has a fever of 100.2 :( 
off to work ... yay ! 
cant believe there is only 8 more days of school ! 
life is way to complicated right now ! 
ready for the weekend :) 
hasn't been this happy in a long time :) 
DONE WITH HIGH SCHOOL FOREVER !!!!!! 
is out to lake < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > !!! :P 
tomorrows graduation !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
~ GRADUATION DAY ~ 
had the most amazing water fight last night ! 
has worked over 50 hours so far this week and its only thursday ... completely exhausted and still 2 more long work days ... ugh ! 
off of work today ... first time in forever ... so i slept till 2 , it was great ! 
cant wait for this weekend !!! 
POKE me if you've ever had a crush on me , LIKE this if you think i'm a good friend . MESSAGE me if you ever wanted a relationship , COMMENT if we had good memories . now lets see who's brave enough to copy & paste this on theyre status . 
is finishing the wedding cake and then off to the family reunion ... bahamas party tonight ! 
yay for summer vacation ! 
is in desperate need of a camping trip with the girls ! 
hey ! Lifes pretty good here , im just busy getting ready for the forth of july and then heading right over to hodag ! How about u ? 
just picked up my new lab top ,,, YAY ! 
stale whales are officially the worst ever !!!! 
work in the morning , then off to the lions club picnic with < PROPFEMALE > :P txt 
leaving super early for up north ! :P 
sore from tubing ... but < PROPFEMALE > worth it ! 
\When the goin gets tough ... the tough get DUCT TAPE ! \"" 
I LOST MY CAR KEYS ! UGH 
\ Its better to have madeout and lost 
just bought a new/used car ! YAY ! 
heading out camping tonight ! 
still < PROPFEMALE > much shopping to do before movin day ! 
\ IM BLONDE ... WHATS YOUR EXCUSE ! \"" 
finally moved into my dorm ! just a few more things to settle in ... hmmm ... 
done with class for the day ! hmm ... now what to do on a friday night ? any ideas ?!?!? :P 
super frustrated right now and cant do a darn thing about it ... ugh !!!! 
waiting on the clock ! :P 
finally got her jar of milwaukee midget dill pickels open ... THANKS < PROPMALE > ! 
saw a NAPA AUTO PARTS truck today and instantly felt at home ! 
just had the best day ever !!! ( yay for men in tight mini < PROPFIRST > shorts ) 
headache , sore throat , ear ache , and a complete feeling of just being hit by a train .. great way to start the week ! 
just got home from the ER ... diagnosed with a cold and sever ear infection ! YAY :( 
relaxing before class ... world religions ... ugh ! 
I live for the nights I can't remember , with the people I'll never forget ! 
Thank you for Not Smoking . Cigarette smoke is the residue of your pleasure . It contaminates the air , pollutes my hair and clothes , not to mention my lungs . This takes place without my consent . I have a pleasure , also . I like a beer now and then . The residue of my pleasure is urine . Would you be annoyed if I stood on a chair and pissed on your head and your clothes without your consent ? 
MOVIE NIGHT !!! 
Never confuse emotion with action ... you always get hurt ! 
finally hooked up her television after 3 weeks of class :P 
\Maturity begins to grow when you can sense your concern for others outweighing your concern for yourself . \"" 
successfully went to waupaca , ended up in stevens point , stayed the night , now back in oshkosh ... my gas tank officially hates me ! 
finally has everything straightened out for midterms ! now studying ! 
ultimate frisbee at 3-4 , studying the rest of the day ! ugh bio how i hate u ! 
had a fantastic weekend ... cant wait for next yr ! 
sitting in my dorm eatting venison jerky ! THANKS DAD ! 
so theres two men sleeping in my room at home ... anyone find this strange ? 
has decided that going out tonight is a much better idea than writing her speech :P 
this 1 AM in the morning and working on a speech really sucks ! 
once again went to a hypnotist show and went under ..... my saying of the night was .... \ 
I WANT A MAN ! 
\ have a < PROPFEMALE > jolly christmas\ " .... cant wait for christmas ! ive been singing christmas music all day :P " 
wow .... cant really explain the last 2 days .... lol :P 
once had a delicious , chew rice crispie bar thats now hard as a rock ... ( tear ) 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . A nickname for you . 8 . Challenge you to post this 
packing for MINNESOTA !!!!!! 
such an amazing weekend ! Screamed a ton , laughed a lot , and won some cash !!!!! 
i keep thinking its thursday !!!! its totally messing me up :( 
Work is going by < PROPFEMALE > slow ... 10hrs to go . :( 
Turn the quiet up , turn the noise down \ 
Let this ol ' world just spin around \ 
I wanna feel it swing , wanna feel it sway \ 
And put some feel good in my soul \ 
Drink a little drink , smoke a little smoke \ 
\ 
Want a little more right , and a little less left \ 
Little more right now , a little less what's next \ 
\ 
And just kick back and let the feelin ' flow \ 
Drink a little drink , smoke a little smoke 
regular cheerios are just not the same as < PROPFEMALE > nut cheerios ... never again will i stray away from thee .... :( 
I Wish Heaven had a telephone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that was nothing new . I thought of you yesterday and\ 
days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake from which I'll never part . God has you in ... His arms . I have you in my heart . Re-post if you love someone in heaven 
You tie the knot\ 
When I'm at the end of my rope\ 
You never stop believin ' in me\ 
When I don't know who I am\ 
Or what I'm supposed to be\ 
I don't give you no good reason\ 
But baby , don't give up on me 
33 degrees outside ... not cool ! 
Do u have any buttons on ur shirt ? 
Officially helped change a semi tire this weekend .... :) 
stressed with the complexity of my life ... why me ? ive gone through about 10 paper clips in 5 minutes , ruber tubing and all .... 
* tear * 
I could really go for a body massage with a good movie ... all while laying infront of the fireplace . :) 
Time to take my exam ... oh how I hate thee 
3 Years Old : My Mom Is The Best ! 7 Years Old : Mom , I Love You . 10 YearsOld : Mom Whatever . 16 Years Old : OMG My MomIs So Annoying . 18 YearsOld : I Wanna Leave This House . 23 Years Old : I Wanna Go Back To MyMom's House . 50 Years Old : I Don't Wanna Lose My Mom . 70 Years Old : IWould ... Give Up Everything For My Mom To Be H ... ere With Me . Post This OnYour Wall If You Appreciate Your Mom . ? 
It's after , 3 in the morning and I'm wide awake . :( 
french fies and chocolate chip icecream ... what an amazing start to my day ! 
completely unmotivated at the moment ! 
cant wait for the weekend ... i need to relax ! 
97.2% on my exam !!! 
Oh how I wish I was at home sleeping right now 
7 more hours of work ... happy happy joy joy :-( 
3.25 more hours of work .... the countdown is on ! 
dad + Apple pie equals dad passed out infront of fireplace . LOL 
working on speech ... due tomorrow morning ! 
speech due in 9 hrs and 10 < PROPFEMALE > :) 
BURRRRRRR .... IT'S COLD ! 
God saw you getting tired\ 
and a cure was not meant to be , \ 
So he put his arms around you\ 
and whispered \Come to Me\ " . \ 
my speech was successful for about half the class teared up ... YAY unfortunately i was part of that half :( 
So I've decided that the only reason I eat peanut m+m's is for the peanut ... I could do without the chocolate 
studing for yet another exam .... 
cant wait for this weekend ! im gonna get a big one :) 
debating on dying my hair .... should I ? 
mt . dew before 9AM .... it speaks for itself :( 
Only saw a doe ... heading back out later 
Sitting in the stand watching little birds . :) 
flu shot today ... YIKES !!! 
im not chinese ... therefore i dont and shouldnt have to understand anything chinese !!!! urg ! 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! :P 
so loving my room right now ! listening to country :P 
Is having a horrible time holding onto her phone today :( 
pulled an all nighter ... ugh ! 
One more week .... I think I can do it ! 
My head is spinning , my heart racing , my smile couldn't be bigger ! 
Chocolate pudding ... life = complete 
POKE me if you ever had a crush on me ... LIKE this status if you think I am a good friend ... MESSAGE me if you ever wanted to date me ... COMMENT if we ever had good memories ... Now lets see who's brave enough to COPY and PASTE this as their status 
I will not let u defeat me ! 
really hoping to have my own room for interum !!! 
Meeting with the bank this morning ... cross ur fingers 
Grrrr .... I thought Christmas break at home would be pleasant ... guess not ! Looking forward to interim :) 
so i think i should prolly start some christmas shopping !!!!! 
christmas at my house this year ... oh joy !!!! 
so ready for friday !!!! shoping tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > lewandowski :P 
Oh interim how I hate you 
First exam done ! Yay for the weekend ... bummer I have to work :( 
< PROPFEMALE > excited for the weeknd ...! 
Gonna make spaghetti n chocolate covered strawberries .... and then for a suspensful movie ! 
3 more days n I'm free from school food ! 
Officially has a horrible cold ... one more day of class n then I'm sleeping for 10 days 
back in point for 10 days ! 
prolly heading to Minnesota tomorrow ... if only it wasnt for a somber occassion :( 
just got home from a 4 hr drive , packing up again and heading to oshkosh ... ugh ! 
~ SCHOOLS CLOSED TOMORROW ~ 
There is a mouse in my closet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
free valentines cupcake ... CHECK ! 
Wide awake ... thinking about tomorrow .... could be spending my time much better sleeping 
It's BROTHER'S WEEK !!! If You Have A Brother Who Has Made You Laugh , Punched You , Stuck Up For You , Drove You Crazy , Annoyed You To No End , Hugged You , Watched You Succeed , Saw You Fail , Picked You Back Up , Cheered You On , Made You Strong , and Is Someone You Are Very Proud To Have In Your Life , Re-Post This To Your Status 
Outlets broken in my room ... fantastic ! 
figuring out details for next years housing ! exciting yet stressful ... :D 
IM GONNA BE AN AUNT ! 
Goin skiing tonight with my girl < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Nothing like a migraine on Monday morning ! 
Is freezing sitting in the lecture hall ! 
is extremely stressed , confused , frustrated and a lil bit annoyed at the moment ! 
wonders if she should keep something that she worked < PROPFEMALE > hard to achieve ... 
Got a single room for next year !!!!! 
I need ppl opinions .... should I get highlights in my hair ? 
