had an amazing new years !! goodbye 2009 hello 2010 ! :) 

loves being reunited with my brother that i havent seen in 7 months !! 
wow wat a gorgeous day ! :) 
lovin summer :) 
absolutely loved michigans adventure !!! 
cannot believe the < PROPMALE > of pop died today .. :( R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Jackson .. you wont be forgotten !! 
hopefully today will be a better day than yesterday !! open houses tonight ... 
lookin at buyin a laptop ... wat kind to buy though .. hp ? < PROPFEMALE > ? toshiba ? apple ? too many choices !!! 
is thinkin this is gonna be a great weekend !! 
had an AMAZING weekend up north !! :) 
is so excited for my road trip to colorado tomorrow !! :) 
Going to Colorado Today !!! Be back in a week !! :) 
Absolutely LOVED Colorado and is glad im back home !! 
is relieved and really happy !! :) 
loves her life !! :) 
had a ton of fun at central today ! 
goin to coast guard !! 
loves coloring ppls hair :) and is loving life ! 
trying to figure out who wrote on my car !! lol hmmmmm .... 
meteor shower tonight ?? i think so !! :) 
had < PROPFEMALE > much fun mini golfing with < PROPFIRST > today !! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Rida and < PROPFIRST > Kingston were Amazing !!!! :) goin up north ... be back tomorrow sometime ! 
absolutely LOVES getting her nails done with friends !! :) 
LOVED clubbin last night with the girls !! Taphouse was AMAZING !! 
is enjoying this last week of summer !! 
is so ready to start a new chapter in my life .. COLLEGE !! 
got 10 stitches in her finger !! stupid cutco knives ! 
loves getting out of BOTH of my classes a half hour early !! 
gvsu tonight !! :) 
had sooo much fun at gvsu this weekend !!! 
had a great weekend but it went by waaayyy too fast !!! 
loving college loving life and loved going downtown to see the < PROPMALE > prizes !!! 
has had a crazy but fun weekend so far !! wedding reception tonight ! :) 
wow ... today has been the most bizarre day ever !! 
this week went by fast but im definitely ready for the weekend !! 
GO GREEN ! GO WHITE ! wow what a great game ! 
absolutely loves life and is happy its the weekend !! 
road trip with my < PROPFEMALE > frann this weekend !! cmu msu and maybe albion .. wow its gonna be one crazy weekend .. :) 
ready for the weekend ! 
no class tomorrow !! so excited !! 
happy halloween everyone !! :) its gonna be one crazy night ... 
definitly ready to party this weekend !! 
go state !! :) 
plannin a trip to get outta here .. i need to get away !! 
saginaw valley this weekend !! :) 
looking forward to this weekend for sure ! 
heading up to central !! :) 
Finally on Break !!! :) 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! :) 
had an awesome break .. and is ready to hit the books and get this semester over with !! 
is in love with the snow ! :) and is ready to get my finals over with this week ! 
no government exam for me today .. THANK YOU blizzard !!! 
officially DONE with this semester !! returned my books and got half my money back .. awesome . this is gonna be an amazing break ! 
partying every night , clubbing at sixx , hanging out with old friends .. wow i love christmas break !!! 
christmas eve ! chillin with the family today .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! :) hope it was a great one ! 
absolutely LOVES life !! 
< PROPFEMALE > happy and relieved that its finally the weekend !! 
is loving life !! haha wats new ? 
MSU bound for the rest of the weekend !!! 
wow wat a game .. way to go state !! 
going to MSU AND U of M this weekend !! wow its gonna be one CRAZY weekend !! 
soooo glad its the weekend !! 
loves loves LOVES having both of my classes canceled today !!! :) 
MSU for the night with my girls !! :) 
had an AMAZING weekend !! Happy Valentines Day aka Single Awareness Day !! 
loves life .. and is realizing the EVERYTHING happens for a reason . 
had an AMAZING spring break .. and is having a fabulous week so far ! :) 
WOW .. luck has definitly been on my side this whole week so far !! im lovin it .. :) 
heading up to MSU to visit the < PROPFEMALE > frann !! 
Thank You for the Birthday Wishes Everyone !!!! :) 
loves loves LOVES having class canceled :) 
is officially DONE with her first year of college !! partying with my girls at gvsu tonight !! 
There's nothing like waking up in the morning and eating taco < PROPFEMALE > for breakfast :) 
Finally landed an awesome summer job !!! life CANNOT get much better than this ... :) 
loves life :) 
phones broke .. ugh wat a pain .. getting a new one tomorrow though !! 
chillin in Detroit right now and absolutely LOVING life :) 
Loves Life :) 
absolutely loves being a spartan :) especially because of this past weekend . best game ever ! 
I Bleed Green and White .. Sparty It Up !!! 
I love my family . I love my friends . I love my boyfriend . I love being a spartan . I LOVE my life !!! 
currently listening to christmas music :) and motivated to GET THIS SEMESTER OVER WITH !!! 
Signed a lease today with the amazing < PROPFEMALE > Russo !!! next year is going to be crazzzy ! :) 
had an amazing snow day !!! :D 
avenged sevenfold hollywood undead and stone sour concert with < PROPFEMALE > Russo and Christiaan Schuyler Krombeen tonight !!!!! 
going ice skating tonight with some cool people :) what a great way to start off the weekend !! 
Random road trip to Ortonville with < PROPMALE > Olney < PROPFIRST > Janas and < PROPMALE > Semivan tonight !! 
hittin up chicago for a couple days ! :) 
Thank you so so so much for all the wonderful birthday wishes everyone !! I really appreciate it :) its been an amazing bday !! :DDD 
