Went out to see Cirque Du Freak : The Vampires Assistant tonight , I thought it was pretty good , hope to see a sequel . 

just had a mukade fly out at me from my air conditioning . 
has insects all over the house and doesn't even know what they are . 
harddrive broke in my desktop , waiting for HP to send a replacement . 
First my toilet breaks , and then I find another Mukade in the house , what next ? 
Well I was right , as I look up from my bed I saw a spider about the size of my hand ... 
just got back from seeing The Hangover . It was pretty good , but I can't wait to see G.I. < PROPFIRST > next Friday . 
just got back from a day at Nagasaki , it was a very educational trip through the Nagasaki Atomic Bomb Museum . After that we stopped by the Cocowalk , then Toys R Us , before ending up at Chili's for dinner . 
OMG talking to HP's tech support ( located in < PROPFEMALE > ) is like pulling teeth . I called in to make sure I wasn't going to get charged for the lost order they sent me , and I went through 2 representatives and it took nearly an hour . They then wanted to create a 3rd order for the same thing ... 
hard drive finally came in the mail . Got it installed and now in the long process of restoring it to factory settings , then upgrading from vista to windows 7 , reinstalling all my games , and theres probably more I can't remember now . 
had a great day today ! Spent all day with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , won $300 on a slot machine , tried a new place to eat , and played in the park ! 
Just got home from getting family pictures taken . < PROPFEMALE > did AMAZING ! 
Facebook is going crazy on me , I refreshed the < PROPFEMALE > , and it tells me its in english ( US ) , but its definitely all in Japanese . Interestingly , it automatically adds ?? to the end of everyones name . 
Well , I got in my first little fender bender . I was stopped behind another car and decided to make a right at the light , so I went to move into the turning < PROPFIRST > in the middle of the road when the rear of my car hit the rear bumper of the other car . I tried to straighten out too early .... 
Its really getting cold over here , wonder how we're gonna keep warm all winter . 
Happy New Years everyone ! I wish you all a wonderful 2010 ! 
Well , I was looking forward to watching the prop 8 trial on youtube , but the defenders of the ban on marriage successfully stopped all broadcast of the proceedings on YouTube by arguing that witnesses would be subject to harassment and intimidation — exactly what the LGBT community has been subject to for centuries . 
Working on rearranging my living room . Not quite going according to plan , have to improvise . 
Going to bed early tonight , and waking up extra early for the launch of < PROPFEMALE > Trek Online , should be fun :) 
Going to Nagasaki the 14th - 15th for the Lantern Festival , its going to be lots of fun ! 
Taking a break from swapping my living room and my guest room , can't wait to see how good it looks when I'm done . 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes ! I'll try and get back to each of you individually as soon as I get a < PROPMALE > . We're preparing for our flight to San < PROPMALE > tomorrow , we'll be around until the 11th . 
On the bus on our way to the Fukuoka airport , we should be there by 10:30 then we have to sit around and wait for our flight at 2:20 . 
Just finished eating lunch at the airport , now we need to find a way to waste two more hours . 
Stole my moms phone , at the airport with my mom and father-in-law waiting for our 10:45 flight . Life will be back to normal soon and I'll be catching up with people when I get back . Sorry to all those I didn't get a < PROPMALE > to visit with , we were pretty busy this whole trip . 
Wow , I just changed my facebook language from English to English ( pirate ) and it is pretty amazing , everyone should try it out , anyone going to stick with it though ? 
Just got done with 45 minutes on the treadmill , hope I can keep this up , my heartrate seems to go too high too easy though :( 
I can't believe in the matter of just about a week , 6 of our friends/family have left Japan ! I wish we all had more time to < PROPFEMALE > out and do something . Hope you all enjoy it back in the states ! We'll be back in just over a year ! In the mean time , anyone coming out to visit us ? 
Damn I hate spiders . Spotted one the size of my iphone , maybe a little larger , creeping across the floor just as I was thinking of going to sleep . Woke up < PROPFEMALE > and we managed to hunt it down . Spiders just shouldn't get that huge .... 
This must be insect week at my house . First was the huntsman spider , then a Japanese beetle , then a mukade ( who escaped ) , then another mukade the next day ( hopefully the one that escaped previously ) , then a baby mukade , and now a roach . I'm getting pretty tired of this ... 
After deciding hey ! I'm going to go beat Halo 3 on Legendary , I now remember how much I despise Halo , right now I'm glad I passed on ODST and Reach . 
Woke up , fed < PROPFEMALE > , 4 minutes till game time ! 
Well , just a little over 24 hours later , still awake , probably heading to bed soon for a couple hours . 24 hours of gaming is harder then i thought . Hands , arms , neck all sore . Not really too tired though . 
The final total of the fundraiser wont be known until November 15th , but as it stands Extra Life has raised $ 417,291 for the Childrens Miracle Network ! This blows away both previous years , 2009 being $ 170,000 and 2008 being $ 120,000 !!! 
It\ 
was Thursday , August 28th 2008 , that I started using the weight watchers \ 
plan . I weighed 267.2 . At first I lost weight , I was happy and I stopped\ 
tracking , since that time I gained and hit around 280 , possibly even \ 
close to 290 . I'm trying to get back on track now , I've been keeping \ 
better track of my points and using Sim-Fast and am now down to 261 and \ 
counting 
At the theater about to watch Easy A . Hope it's as good as it looks . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! Hope you all have a happy holiday ! 
In one week I go from conjunctivitis -> gastroenteritis -> laryngitis . Whats next ? 
Change\ 
your Facebook Profile Picture to a cartoon character from your \ 
childhood and invite your friends to do the same . The Goal : Until Monday\ 
( December 6 , 2010 ) , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an \ 
invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against \ 
children . Join the fight AGAINST Child Abuse . 
We are freezing our butts off after a 3 shot lightning storm took out our power and left . Now we are waiting for Japanese power company to come fix it . I hope they speak English and can find us in the dark . 
I wake up to the house being 9 degrees celcius . An hour later we are up to a toasty 16 :( I'm sure glad we're moving . 
The Internet guy just ran off with my cable modem ! We get Internet at our new home on Wednesday though . 4 days isn't that bad . 
Last day up in Funakoshi-chuo . Time to clean up this place for the last time and have it ready for the movers . 
Finally got things tidied up a bit and everything unplugged and disconnected . Movers get here in just under 8 hours and I'm off to bed . 
The movers pack quick . They've taken one break and < PROPFEMALE > working almost 3 hours and it seems like they're almost done ! 
Well got the cable and internet hooked up , only problem is I'm still missing some cables for hooking up the computer and router . 
Well , I figure this to be the quickest way to distribute my new address to everyone who wants it and those who don't . Address is now as follows .. \ 
PSC 485 BOX 288\ 
FPO , AP 96321 
Its Christmas < PROPFEMALE > morning , we're all excited for tomorrow , but we'll have to wait till the afternoon to really celebrate since < PROPFEMALE > has work . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Christmas Cookies are freshly baked . I hope he enjoys them ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! 
It just hit 2011 about 20 minutes ago here in Japan ! Happy New Years Everyone ! 
Weighed myself this morning and am down to 256 lbs . Weight Watchers gave me another 5 lb < PROPFEMALE > , so so far they have me at losing 11.2 lbs and going . 
One day I wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice . 
If any of you out there are thinking of picking up DC Universe Online , I'm playing on the Virtue and Vice server as a hero . 
I've got one 10 day free trial key for DC Universe Online , is anyone interested in trying it out ? 
I shared a link yesterday and it has disappeared . Basically facebook has changed who's status updates you see and it limits it to people you recently interacted with . To see all your friends status updates , go to the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > , click \edit options\ " and choose view all from the drop down box . Spread this around so that you can get back in touch with your friends/family . " 
Had an amazing night out with < PROPFEMALE > Tompkins ! We walked the streets of Sasebo , found an amazing bar and relaxed for a few hours . She did all the karaoke tonight , but next time I'll join in too ! 
Well I got my victory email today ! I had a bad experience with customer support over my extended warranty for my computer . They wanted me to get it repaired , make an itemized list of repairs , convert it from < PROPFEMALE > to dollars and submit it for a refund . I complained to BBB and submitted a list of demands , now we're getting a brand new computer :) 
Time to go Strawberry picking with the family ! 
Well I saw the doctor today about the results for my sleep study . Doc says I have sleep apnea and my two choices are lose weight or die . Not much of a choice right ? 
I got my appointment for my next sleep test . Apparently someone canceled so they fit me in on the 25th of this month . I opened up the message I'm suppose to give the sleep clinic and apparently I have Severe OSA ( Obstructive Sleep Apnea ) with an AHI ( Apnea-Hypopnea Index ) of 55 . I can't wait to get this CPAP machine so I can experience a good nights sleep . 
I'm looking at degrees I can work on . My top choices are Business Administration , General Business , Human Resource Management , Supervision and Management , or Psychology . Yes I know , one of these degrees is not like the others , but idea's ? Suggestions ? 
Just relaxing after a 30 minute workout with EA SPORTS Active 2 . Workout Number 5 and burned 300 calories . Next workout is tomorrow ( hopefully I remember earlier in the day this time and not after midnight ) . 
Got in another good workout today with EA SPORTS Active 2 , another 220 calories burned and I now have the next two days off . Next workout is on Monday . 
Workout Number 7 with EA SPORTS Active 2 . Burned 234 calories . I'm surprised how much easier it was today , I thought for sure after taking a weekend off it would be hard all over again on Monday . Guess I was wrong . 
EA SPORTS Active 2 workout number 8 .... First off 204 calories burned . Second off , it was damn hard today ! What the heck ? Yesterday I expect it to hurt and it was amazing , so I get excited for today just for it to be worse than I was expecting yesterday !? Oh well , 1 day off then 2 more days of exercise before the weekend . 
EA SPORTS Active 2 workout number 9 . 231 Calories burned and another great workout complete ! I think the bane of my workouts are jump squats , the two just shouldn't go together . 
