Gonna go see Avatar in 3-D ... YEA !!! 

Even in my dreams , I'm getting kicked in the ass . What the heck is going on ? 
Been working on this business plan for the past 5 hours . If I get one more e-mail from any member of my group , I cannot be held responsible for the consequences due to my excessive frustrations ! I'm only one person !!! 
Just completed my last final exam ... EVER !!! 
Just took a nice nap :) ... now what ? 
Bummed out today :( 
Wants to go out after a nice productive day of errands and work :) 
Gratiot Cruise 2009 and then work . 
Loving my couch right now after totally crashing at work tonight , lol . 
Just got off the phone with my better half who I miss so much ! Now it's time to take out the garbage , boo . 
Hit the gym , ran some errands , retail therapy ( love it ) ... feeling pretty good today :) 
Feeling the effects of my celebratory drinking last night ... ugh ! But I had a blast :) 
Needs to clean house , but too much on my mind right now to even consider cleaning :/ ... so confused . 
Day 2 of clinicals done ... going good so far , gonna be lots of work ; my schedule is jam packed . Missing my OT family ! 
Still not feeling well today ... ugh :/ 
Sleepy , I don't know if working 7 days a week during clinicals was such a good idea . 
Needs some help de-stressing , feeling very overwhelmed right now ... :( 
Doesn't want to go work at the restaurant tonight ... creative juices are maximally flowing for my work at OT clinicals , and I don't want to stop ! 
Today has been great ! Got out of work from clinicals on time for the first time in two weeks , and I have tomorrow off !!! 
Hating life today ... very distressed emotionally , physically , and cognitively :( 
Pray for me today ... 
Just got my hair dyed dark ... DOES NOT WORK FOR ME ! Give me my blonde hair back :( 
Couldn't sleep last night , can't turn my mind off ... not looking forward to the events of this week :/ 
:( 
Received some very bad news today . When will this streak of bad news/events be over ??? 
My oldest nephew turns 16 today ! That's crazy , I remember the day he was born ... I was only 11 . Wow , time flies ... Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!!! Love you !!! 
I didn't realize I was so allergic to cats !!! My eyes are bloodshot and swollen and I'm breaking out in hives .... ugh ! 
First Saturday off in months !!! Yea :) 
Taking a break from painting to watch the season premier of Grey's ;) 
My better half will be home in 15 hours ... yea !!! 
Need HELP painting !!! Oh , and a bloody < PROPFIRST > sounds delicious :) 
Had a fun night with family and friends :) Oh , and now we all know what a falafel is ... and it's NOT a type of waffle , lol !!! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s on her way back to Cali :( ... have a safe trip sis , I'm glad you get a window seat , lol ! 
Who's getting cut from Hell's Kitchen tonight ??? I vote Tenille . 
I think I'm definitely more right-handed than I thought ... can't move my right arm today and i realize all my left hand really does is write . I need an occupational therapist to teach me to use my left arm !!! lol 
First double of four and I already feel like a walking zombie ... tho thuper ! 
My neck is killing me ... ugh , double number 4 tomorrow ! 
Power's back on , yea !!! 
Going karaoke with Mom and Dad :) 
Had a wonderfully needed day off ... brunch , shopping , and movies with a good friend ;) However , Paranormal Activity may not be the appropriate movie for the single homeowner(me ) , but I'll go against the reviews and say it was a good movie worth seeing :) 
Winterizing my house ... big pain in the butt , ugh ! 
Brutal day at work ... ugh ! Feels good to be home watching Family Guy , Love it :) 
Lamo evening ... but the rest of the day was pretty good , thanks to my friends at work who can always make me smile :) 
Thank you everyone for one of the BEST birthdays ever !!! 
While most of the world is listening to Christmas music today , my dad has Led Zepplin jamming ... lol , love it :) 
Nude . 
I have the BEST neighbors ! Been at work all day long , and come home to my sidewalk and driveway all shoveled , AWESOME !!! Thank you :) 
Just went snowboarding for the first time , and despite all of the bruises that now cover my body thanks to all the falls , I do NOT have a concussion and am thankful for that ! Good times :) 
Less than 24 hours till we're on our way to hit the slopes of Blue Mountain ... YEA !!! 
New Family Guy ... YEA ! 
Having trouble being motivated at work today , ugh ! 
My new bosses prank phone called me today and completely deserve a pay back ... any ideas ??? 
First day off in about a month ... taking a couple hours to do absolutely NOTHING :) 
Bumming 
It may just be me , but I could not be any more sick of Lady Antebellum's \I Need You Now\ " on the radio . It's on every time I turn on a radio . Go find whoever it is you're looking for and GET OVER IT and please stop playing on my radio stations ! Thank you :) " 
Taking my nephews to a movie :) 
WARNING ... Hot peppers from Potbelly are extremely HOT !!! My mouth is on fire ! 
Stuck in a traffic jam on my way to work this morning , and the DRIVER next to me has one foot out the window , smoking with one hand and texting with the other ... ummmmm , really ?!?! No longer wondering why there are car accidents every day on my way to and from work ... 
I seriously think my butt is broken and has been for a few months ... in a lot of pain :( 
Right now there's a police officer helping \ 
someone . Right now a police officer is working the streets day & \ 
night to keep you safe . Right now a police officer is missing their \ 
family while caring for yours . Repost if you are a police officer , love a\ 
police officer , or appreciate a police officer . 
Type in google.com, wait 10 seconds , and then play pac-man ! Happy 30th birthday PAC-MAN :) 
Gotta be honest ... I'm not a hard core American Idol viewer , but I am sincerely disappointed that < PROPFEMALE > Bowersox lost :( 
Go Maggs ! Seriously , great game ! 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family member & friend who has lost the\ 
battle with cancer , and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or has had cancer 
According to my 5 year old nephew , the 7up he is drinking is a beer . Uh-oh ! 
I am an american girl ! 
“Relationships are like glass . Sometimes it’s better to \ 
leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together . ”\ 
—unknown 
My nephews entrusted me\ 
with the care of their pets this week , look out ! 
Cabrera ROCKS !!! 
Damn , two feet away from catching that last home run , oh well ... GO TIGERS !!! 
People who won't stand up for their friends are not good people to be friends with ... 
At an East Detroit H.S. reunion for alumni . Interesting to say the least , lol ;) 
Way to do your job Cabrera ! Tigers rock !!! 
So , I'm at the BareNaked Ladies concert looking at Pine Knob , looking at the hill that broke my a ** this past winter , and CANNOT WAIT to break in my new snowboard regardless !!! 
My nephew just called me \Auntie < PROPFEMALE > Cat . \ " LMAO ! " 
My mom is the best ! I am at home under the weather and she picked up my prescription along with Mrs. Grass soup , oyster crackers , and popsicles .... my childhood faves ;) 
Anyone know which Secretary of State is the fastest ( you know , not a 2 hour wait time where every employee seems to take a break at the same time ) in my area ??? 
How do you activate bluetooth on a blackbery ? 
Just a thought or rather piece of advice , but if you make plans with a friend and decide to ditch said friend , probably not a good idea to post on facebook what you did instead . I'm just saying ! 
Time to play some ice hockey , yea ! Evaluation week , look out :) 
Happy Anniversary to my amazing parents :) ... 39 years I think ? How incredible , love you both ! 
\A certain type of perfection can only be realized through a limitless accumulation of the imperfect . \ " \ 
Apparently all you need for hit single these days are your lyrics < PROPFIRST > with a well known 80's tune playing in the background ... who's in ? 
Deadmau5 and N.E.R.D. at the Congress Theater ... I love Chicago ! 
Doctor told me this morning that my ailment was due to aging ... gee , thanks ! 
Snowing , yea !!! Snowboarding season is underway :) 
Won our hockey game tonight 1-0 , I had the assist ... YEA ! 
First day of snowboarding this season and I may have already broken my butt again , lol ! 
Watching the Winter X Games and < PROPFIRST > White is absolutely amazing at what he does !!! 
Alright , scratch last posting . New phone , thanks to warranty ! However , I have zero contacts now . So text , e-mail , or call with your number if you care for me to contact you . Thank you :) ... and also , to my bbm buds , my new pin is 30C2AAFA . 
