HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL .... and here's to a fantastic 2010 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

HAPPY NEW YEAR Stef and Moe ! Happy New Year to the East Coast !!!!! 
I will get a picture on here at some point ..... I don't think that silhouette is quite right ..... But that one hair on the top of the head pretty accurate ! 
IS pretty accurate .... or maybe-that one hair on top of the head's pretty accurate .... 
Thank the Lord Grampa is showing improvement ...... continue with the prayers . Pray that God will give each of us the strength we need to help each other cope with the realization that even as Christians God never promised us that life would be easy . 
SALMON RUN !!! Yeah ! < PROPMALE > and I went down to the river at lunch and they were there , lookin ' forward to some good fishin ' in the next couple days . 
GRRRRR .... Not any salmon yet ....... saw plenty of them , just convincing them that my lure is a threat to their fish-hood has not worked out yet . Once they're in the river they no longer feed , so you gotta accidently hook them in the mouth , or get them to attack your lure , too bad any snag not hooked in the mouth is illegal ...... Ben . < PROPFIRST > and I will be going out very soon . Wish us luck today ! 
AND : I gird myself today with the power of God : God's strength to comfort me , God's might to uphold me , God's wisdom to guide me , God's eye to look before me , God's ear to hear me , God's hand to lead me , God's way ... to lie before me , God's shield to protect me ... I arise today through the power of the < PROPFEMALE > , through faith in the Threeness , through trust in The Maker of Earth , and The Maker of Heaven . 
I thought this was good , from St. < PROPFIRST>'s Breastplate : I gird myself today with the might of heaven : The rays of the sun , the beams of the < PROPFEMALE > , the < PROPFEMALE > of fire , the speed of wind , the depth of the sea , the stability of the earth , the hardness of rock . 
< PROPMALE > announced Monday morning that he and < PROPFEMALE > are going to have a baby ! Being entrusted with a child is one of the greatest blessings God can give , showing that God trusts us enough to raise one of His little ones . I still remember how excited I was when God blessed me with my first child . And I hope everyone remembers that each one of our children is the embodiment of the love we share/ed with our spouses . 
YAY !!!! Caught another Salmon ... got to fight with this one for a while . It was 36\ long and 16 lbs ( same as the last big one ) ... so we may have smoked salmon at < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding . " 
There was SNOW in the air today ...... frost I can handle , but snow ? 
Wel ... we almost got that hood ornament < PROPMALE > wanted after we left his house today-a nice 10 point < PROPMALE > ran in front of us and with a burst of speed dodged harms way . It was close , too close 
You all are not going to believe this , but tonight after I picked < PROPMALE > up from college I was being passed by a black SUV and as soon as he got passed me , while he was still in the passing < PROPFIRST > , a deer ran between the SUV and my car , this one was a doe , and I am thankful God made her swift because I thought for sure I was going to hit her ... it was closer than the < PROPMALE > last night ! 
Jonathan-Sandra needs to join < PROPFEMALE>'s army on castle age ... 
I love the snow .... but wish it stayed off the roads !!! 
Christmas is not fun when you can't taste all the food because of a miserable cold !!!!! I have been cheated ! 
Why weren't we taught as kids/teens what to do when we don't have enough money to pay bills ? I don't recall my parents ever having that problem !!!!! It's frustrating ... and those collectors on the other end don't seem to understand either ... they always think you are holding back your money to buy booze or a prostitute , or some weed or something .... GRRR 
-see how much more damage you can do by simply assisting ? So please ASSIST people-you don't have to join the battle sequence , just assisting helps a lot ! You received 28260 gold and 1 experience points for your help in summoning the Ballista You were the last person required to summon the Ballista . The Ballista has now launched and inflicted 1500 damage to The Deathrune Siege ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Don ... hope you have a great day . 
NOW JUST LOOK AT THIS-ONE ASSIST , USING ONE STAMINA-AND LOOK AT THE DAMAGE IT RELEASED .... You received 61588 gold and 1 experience points for your help in summoning the < PROPFEMALE > SoldiersYou were the last person required to summon the < PROPFEMALE > Soldiers . The < PROPFEMALE > Soldiers has now launched and inflicted 6600000 damage to < PROPFEMALE > , The Earth Elemental ! 
Just got back to Wisconsin ... went to Illinois for my granddaughter's first birthday , was a very nice weekend down there . 
Something we don't think about every day-Without light there is only darkness-total darkness is the natural state of things . 
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY < PROPFEMALE > AND < PROPMALE > !!!! 
Well folks , just got the news this morning .... I am no longer employed by Impact Direct . Lovely thing to inspire your day-now I only have a part time job cleaning toilets . I guess life just never gets better then that best moment you just had- so enjoy the good times no matter how scarce and far between . 
Still flustered ... So , what would you think about a guy who's right around 30 and never had a full time job , and lives off his girlfriend ( one of the department heads ) . I mean , they laid me off and then hired him to do my job ... probably because he would work the least amount he had to and they could pay him less . OH THE FRUSTRATION !!! Maybe it's a good thing that he finally has a job ... ARGH ! 
The slings and arrows of misfortune and despair strike us each day , but we must push on , get past the wounds and overcome the enemy , to battle another day . Each battle we face strengthens us and helps us maintain our course until we attain victory over our most crucial foe , death , and once we have reached our eternal home we can finally reap the rewards of our battles . 
I think we are being over-run with < PROPMALE > s on Castle Age ISF/CC-so I am changing my CA name from < PROPMALE > to < PROPMALE > S 
If we could but look at our mortal lives from an eternal view point we would find that the physical things that mean so much to us now no longer seem relevant ... 
To all you mothers out there : HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY 
Happy Mother's Day to all you Wonderful mothers out there ... 
I got a call from my son < PROPMALE > at about 0220 ( Saturday ) this morning to hear the cry of my new grandson ... nothing better to be wakened too ! He was born before midnight on the due date-which was the 4th of June , 7lbs 12ozs , 20 1/2 inches long . 
We had a very good afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > definitly kept her Grandma and me busy ... 
The past is gone ... the present fleeting ... but the future lies ahead ... so , learn from the past to enrich the present , and consider the future ... it's the only thing we have the power to change . 
The past is gone ... the present fleeting ... but forever lies ahead ... so , \ 
learn from the past to enrich the present , and consider the \ 
future ... it's the only thing we have the power to change . 
Happy Happy Birthday to you < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Looking forward to our trip to Michigan ... taking the boat across ( SS Badger ) . That's the frustrating thing-I am only about 150 < PROPMALE > from my family in Michigan , but it takes about 9 hours to drive it because of that big puddle that's too deep to cross without a boat . 
Had a wonderful week over in Michigan-Want to send out a big thank you to all the family members we were able to see and give a CONGRATULATIONS to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > -you both made the weekend very special for us . Loved meeting < PROPFEMALE>'s parents as well- 
Taliban claim capture \ 
of US sailor , killing of 2nd \ 
( AP)\ 
AP - The Taliban have offered to exchange \ 
the body of a U.S. Navy sailor they said was killed in an ambush two \ 
days ago in exchange for insurgent prisoners , an Afghan official said \ 
Sunday . \ 
\ 
So , should we send back the insurgents ' dead bodies ? 
I don't know what happended to it .... but I did post a Happy Birthday to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > just after midnight ........ so AGAIN- HAPPY BIRTHDAY to you both ! Have a wonderful day- 
We got back from a long weekend away ... was nice seeing everyone , and the weekend was nice for the majority of the time we were there . Got to help unload 2 2/3 wagons of straw-first time I did anything like that since I was a teenager-bummed because I was too tired to finish the last load . 
Today was my son's last day in the USMC after serving 4 years and going to both Iraq and Afghanistan !.... Can't wait to see him in a couple weeks . Way to go SON ! 
What does one have to do to get a decent job ?... I get interviews , but no one hires me . I am either too old , overqualified ( what a lame excuse)don't have that piece of paper that says I went to college , ( I did go for a year , and I served 3 years on active duty in the USMC , shouldn't that account for something ? ) Because I haven't been paid enough in previous jobs they figure I'm not worth hiring . 
I get to pick up my ( now civilian ) son up from the airport tonight and he will be here until Monday . 
Truth is only relevant to what you have been taught . 
The present is the future of the past . 
So sad ... God can call us home at such unexpected times . Another lesson to teach us that life is valuable , and we should be living each day like it could be our last , at least until Christ's return- when we will no longer have to say good-bye to ones so dear . Life is fragile , so don't grudge anyone , especially your loved ones , always be willing to forgive-so the opportunity doesn't just simply pass by . 
Christmas - What other time of year do you sit in front of a dead tree and eat < PROPFEMALE > out of your socks ? 
Well to my friends in the cyber world of facebook-After 7 months of job searches I was offered a position at a Printing Company , helping to operate their many tabbing , folding , cutting , labeling , poly-bagging and mailing machines-they actually have their own postal service because of the volume of printed material they put out-I go for the physical and drug test next week , and start training as soon as those come back . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ... Hope you all have a wonderful time with your loved ones . Just don't forget who chose to be born on this blessed day over 2000 years ago . He dwelt among us so we could not only enjoy the physical presence of our Creator , but also be given the < PROPMALE > to accept the one thing we commonly share and hold dear to our hearts , the fragility of life , and promise of eternity once we pass from this mortal realm . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Hope you all have a wonderful day . Just remember why we celebrate this day . Jesus sacrificed his heavenly home to dwell among us so we could not only enjoy the physical presence of our Creator , but also be given the < PROPMALE > to accept the one thing we commonly share and hold dear to our hearts , the fragility of life , and His promise of eternal life once we pass from this mortal realm . 
Got the official word .... I begin my new job on the 10th . 2 weeks of training on 1st shift and then I go to 2nd shift . 
Just got done watching Inception-my head hurts-not a good movie to watch after my first week of classes in the online realm-which I never did before ... so yeah , fried brains . 
Interesting : My son < PROPMALE > ( in Colorado)and I ( in Wisconsin ) are both taking Critical Thinking online , through DeVry University-just have different professors !!! Oh the wonders of technology ! 
THE PACKERS DID IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thanks for all the well wishes ! Love to you all ! 
I don't know , somethings up-Last week I saw a lone crane flying overhead ... Monday I heard the red-wings down by the cattails , late morning , heard a < PROPFIRST > and saw it perched on a garage across the street , this morning ( Wednesday ) a pair of purple finches were perched on the deck , and right now I can hear the kill-deer ... 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!! Enjoy your day , it's starting out to be a nice one ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JONATHAN-you're a quarter century old now !! 
I heard some frogs down by the swamp on Friday afternoon , but haven't heard from them since ... must be they don't like 35 degrees . This morning I saw a < PROPFEMALE > redworm in the driveway-frost must be out of the ground , should be seeing crocus ' and tulips popping up soon ! 
