does anyone remember the website to look at your senior pics ? pleaseee send ! thanks ! 

it makes me laugh how stupid people can be :) 
id be alot less annoyed if i wasnt being notified of the same two dumbfucks everytime i log on to facebook . go call eachother . 
im THE < PROPMALE > $$ :) 
FML . 
insanity it seems , has got my by my soul to squeeze . 
rip < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
ill see you in my nightmares 
:) 
hos before bros , FML :( 
jus found out her dreams predict the future and needs a carton of cigarettes . 
deserves better than a dishonest , self centered prick 
it wont be that hard to upgraDe lol ;) 
what if i had a thing on the side ? made you cry ? would the rules change up or would they still apply , if i played you like a toy ? .. sometimes i wish i did act like a boy . 
okay your a goon , but whats a goon to a GOBLIN ?! 
Habbo Hotel is the funniest game to play when you have nothing better to do :) . 
on the phone with my bestie :) 
so breathe in so deep , breathe me in , im yours to keep , and hold on to your words cause talk is cheap , and remember me tonight when your asleep . 
baby are you down down down down down ? 
CRACK ! 
fuckk you seriouslyyy . 
:D 
Don’t you ever leave the side of me , Indefinitely , not probably , and honestly im down like the economy . 
Well you done done me , and you bet I felt it . I tried to be chill but you're so hot that I melted ; I fell right through the cracks , and now I'm tryin ' to get back . Before the cool done run out I'll be givin ' it my best test , and nothin's gonna stop be but 
I learned some . Theres no going back . 
But since you've been gone , I can breathe for the first time . I'm so movin ' on , yeah , yeah . Thanks to you , now I get what I want since you've been gone . You had your < PROPMALE > , you blew it . Out of sight , out of mind . Shut your mouth I just can't take it agai 
is sliding in a backwards spiral ? 
Grandmom's gone crazy . 
Ehhhhhhhhh . I don't have time for Pathetic-ness . 
Up with baby Brennnn <333 , love him ! 
Why is butter so good on bread ? It's you :) 
Doesn't feel well :( 
grrrowl scratch meow ! hahahah 
texttttt :) 
everytime i leave somethin keeps pullin me back , me back . 
blaaaaaaaaaaaaah 
:( 
i need a job !!!! anyone know anywhere hiring ????? 
its amazing how people can be so full of themselves when you want nothing they have . 
Happy birthday Mom :( 
Is furious < PROPMALE > was evicted tonight ! 
Lonely & bored , IM me at baby XO < PROPMALE > : ) . 
And you dont wanna fuck with a soldier . Use your head , or I'll take it of ya shoulder . 
WTF FACEBOOK ? 
bed , then media tomorrow . 
Friday :) ! 
Super Sunday : Find me in Media ! :) 
fishworldddd ! 
no schoool tomorrow :D 
\Wawa is really magic\ " - Scandle " 
join fishworld :) ! 
1 finger nd im out cause bitch you dont deserve 2 : ) 
someone please revive my fish on fishworld :( 
Hump day ! 
weekends over : killll me 
and these words they have no meaning if we cannot find the feeling that we held on to together ... try your hardest to remember :/ 
facebook is so annoyinggggggggggggggg . 
Really bad mood :( 
when my soul bleeds the color that im spillin is greeen . 
and you sir can go fuck yourself , have a good day . 
would you like to forget ? 
someone take me to see paranormal activityyyy !! 
about 50 of my fish died in fishworld ... can someone revive them ? thankssssss . 
is dying her hair . 
Goodnighhhhtt . 
Easten State Penatentary tomorrow :-) ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , I love ya gurly : Stay strong please ! ? 
Good job , boys ?! 
fixed her ipod :-) !!!!! 
Plans fucking ruined .... ! 
ObviousLEE , we don't have to < PROPMALE > the pennant any MOYER , but we still have to figure out < PROPMALE > going to bring another one home . We have to keep ROLLINS up the STAIRS because it's WERTH yelling with our hands in the EYRE and hanging off the LIDGE because it will end in a VICTORINO . If they follow the < PROPMALE > , Phillies ' fans will be HAPPy and we will RAUUUUUUL ! 
has no one's number .. please message me themmm :-( 
NEW LG enV Touch ON WEDNESDAY <3 ! 
If you play farmville ask to be my neighbor .. My computers being dumbbbb 
610 955 2269 - Text me with your first and last name :-) ! 
NEW NUMBER : 610 955 2269 
610 955 2269 
Stomach is killlling me 
Why am I awake so early ?! Attempting to go back to sleep . Text 610 955 2269 
Even the best fall down sometimes , even the stars refuse to shine . 
can someone gift me an animal besides a horse , pig , cow , or sheep on farmville :-) ? 
What's with everyone wearing those huge glasses ? 
needs cellphone < PROPFIRST > still . text 610 955 2269 
y ? ga then bed 
Sick and bored . Text 
Schoool again .. Text . 
A little confuzzled . 
The word OK looks like a sideways person . I've said OK my whole life and never noticed him . What's up little guy ? 
Outttttttt . Text 
Yoga . New South Park @ 10 . Bed . 
Staying in tonight . TGIF tomorrow ! 
Uh , nothing to do so reading , yoga , then going to bed I guess . 
Splittting headache :-( wtf . 
Thanks to everyone for the happy birthdays ! :-) 
had a great fucking weekend !!! :P 
Maybe to great of a weekend .. lol . Stayed home today :-) . 
Pour my life into a paper cup , the ashtrays full and I'm spillin my guts . 
Schoooooool tomorrow :-( 
is eating raspberries . yum :-) . 
Wishes she could go back to sleep :-( . 
Yoga then bed . 
Facebook is acting strange . 
Yay my facebook is fixed :-) 
Whats your dentist look like ;-) ? 
I try to do right , and I can't figure out why I get schizo and psycho . I go Jeckle to Hyde . It's these voices inside , it's that darkness above me ; makes me turn away from good to bad then to ugly . That's why drugs seem so lovely , like a way to escape . All this ugliness above me how much more can we take ? 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . <--- Umm fucking sweeet ! 
Its over I'm sober I'm sober I'm sober 
:-) 
finally got the laptop set up :-) 
deleted the myspace ! woo ! 
Back on the farmville ... 
would haiti help us if we had a destructive earthquake ? no . 
really wanna try my new webcam ! 
insannnee in the membraaaanee 
Sort of exhausted . 
your the cutest thing that i ever did see , i really like your peaches wanna shake your tree 
All day , everydayyyy , I'm rockin ' the nation . You hatin , still I'm creatin ' that positive vibration :-) ~ 
<3 <3 <3 
booored as shiiiit . text !! 
< PROPFIRST > darko or across the universe ? 
\Why are you wearing that stupid < PROPFEMALE > suit ?! \ " ... \ " Why are you wearing that stupid man suit ? \"" 
had < PROPFEMALE > much fun in the snow and getting snowed in :-) . 2 hour delay tomorrow , sleeeping in ! 
Born in the North , and sworn < PROPFEMALE > enter < PROPFEMALE > in ya - ' cause I'm down for the s < PROPFEMALE > te of Pennsylvania . 
bout < PROPFEMALE > bubble babyyyy 
Can anyone help me get a job ?! 
bring on the blizzard !! 
if anyone else uses aim anymore .. IM me at my new screenname ( ask for it on chat cause I dont want facebook knowing it ) 
stocked up on newps for the blizzard :) 
fucking stuck in the house again today .. pisseddddddddddd ....... 
w t f . today is a complete fail . 
feelin better 
\Whoever invented the cigarette and cup of coffeee should have won a nobel prize . It's one of the greatest instant jolts you can get . \"" 
NO < PROPFEMALE > this is my pot pie ! hahaha 
valentines day tomorrow ? :) 
tater tots 
God damn uncle < PROPFIRST > , I'm not just a number - I'm just a man . I do not like green eggs and ham , I do not like them < PROPFIRST > I am . Gonna make a stand , fight the system and the New World Plan , fight the fascists and the hidden hand , fight religion and the vatican . Don't fuck with me cause I don't givafuk about politics , terrorists , propaganda ! 
jammmin out over here :D 
im chillin , im illlin .. 
anyone in media today ? 
ATTENTION to 98% of the people at strath haven : I don't like you . 
Know your enemies well , trust nothing and no one cause everything sucks . Know your enemies well , don't sleep for a minute , cause that's when you're fucked . I don't know how you can live such a lie to yourself .. 
sick :( 
survivor : heroes vs . villans ? 
you're a towel ! 
got a formspring thing aha .. ask me shit I guess . 
where the fuck is this snow ? 
sick as shit still :/ .. staying home again today to rest , and will hopefully feel alright tomorrow . 
formspring me - danaaa1121 .. hahah i cant post the link to it for some reason .. but I wanna answer some questions 
Yoga , phone , then sleeping . Waking up bright and early for school tomorrow , since this snow hasn't been sticking :) . Friday ! ? 
No school . 
not allowed out today :(((( ... 
I know you wanna take an eye for an eye but pretty soon the whole world will be blind 
survivor villians :-) 
Aint show no shame motherfucker ... I'm gonna bet that I'm goin out with a bang .. motherfucker ... Can't stop me gotta middle finger degree , out for everybody to see . * StAy ReADy * 
its soooo nice out . 
take a lick of this jelly sickle sickness 
is happy with the way her life is going .. things seem to be lookin up slowly after the last couple years :-) . 
southpark is on right now !.. 
I don't see what anyone could see in anyone else but you . ? 
Bored ... anyone wanna chill ?? 
Doin yoga .. Then getting some stuff done and maybe taking a walk . Its a nice < PROPFEMALE > day :) . Call/Text to make plans ! 
:-/ .. 
lost my glasses and my head hurts so fucking bad :(( 
4 months :-) ? 
Hahah I fell for googles april fools joke .. 
gonna sneeze gonna sneeze gonna sneeze gonna sneeze ....!!! * achoo * AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!! - lmao i love Family Guy . 
? 
In every life we have some trouble , but when you worry you make it double . Dont worry , Be happy ! :) 
THERE WAS A BUFFALO SOLJAAA ... IN THEE HEART OF AMEREECA .. STOLEN FROM AFREEKA .. AND BROUGHT TO AMEREECA .. :) 
got 2 free pairs of new glasses :) 
just got back from the camden aquarium and visiting her dad , brother & sister . good day :) 
siiiick :( 
but my dreams , they aren't as empty , as my conscience seems to be . 
doing some yoga to relax my scattered mind ... 
I called up Mama , she said , time will ease your pain . Life's about changing , nothing ever stays the same . And she said , how can I help you to say goodbye ? It's okay to hurt , and it's okay to cry . Come let me hold you , and I will try . How can I help you to say goodbye ? 
\why did i wave to him ? he had a dog on his lap .. \ " hahahaha " 
weird . 
oh my my oh hell yeah 
Yoga .. then watching my shows Nurse < PROPFIRST > and United States of < PROPFEMALE > :-) 
its a stack of fuck shit on top of itself niggaa ... 
had a good time at the beach :) 
Job hunt is going welll :) 
omggggggg tosh ... 
loves being < PROPFIRST > :) 
All this ugliness above me how much more can we take till we break and we take back the world from these fake motherf***ers . I hate big brother , uh , do you think it's too late ? 
I wanna know .. have you ever seen the rain ? 
Happy birthday to < PROPMALE > :) 
You dont gotta believe in your government .. ya just gotta believe in your country 
ghost huntin ' :-P 
I dont see what anyone could see in anyone else but you :) 
anybody wanna go job hunting with me tomorrow ?? 
Fuck online applications !! Cant someone go somewhere and introduce themselves and fill out applications .. Everythings so impersonal now , what if i wanna make an impression ?! 
Alright , don't worry , even if things end up a bit too heavy we'll all float on alright . 
< PROPMALE > being me : \give me a plate with 2 pickles .. and a cup of ranch dressing .. thatll be all \"" 
Like I said before I'll say it once more . Knew you would make me feel so good . Wanna do you right . Can't get enough . This is the stuff life's about and it trips me out . Wanna do you right ~ 311 
Trying to quit smoking .. havent had one yet today . Nic fitting like a bitch !!! 
Still going strong .. 
anyone wanna go to the springfield mall with me ...? ( please ) :) 
Day 2 of quitting smoking . Still doing good , got alot of stuff done today !! 
Its bitter baby and its very sweet .. Im on a roller coaster but I'm on my feet . Take me to the river let me on your shore , I'll be comin back , baby , I'll be comin back for more . Doo doo doo doo dingle zinga < PROPFIRST > bone badi bada bazumba crunga cong gone bad . 
Taking a walk up to Bpike to check in with some places about work . ~ Wish me luck please guys !!! I need it lol 
Just got back . Filled out 2 applications .. No word on other places I applied to . The only thing I got was a work out . This is so hard ....!! 
I could never change just what I feel . My face will never show what is not real . I couldve lied I'm such a fool .. my eyes could never never never keep their cool 
You've already won me over in spite of me\ 
And dont be alarmed if I fall head over feet\ 
and dont be suprised if I love you for all that you are\ 
I couldnt help it\ 
Its all your fault 
BEAAANS N CORNBREAD 
cant wait to see < PROPMALE > tomorrow :) & watch the season premiere of weeds 
septa , wtf ? let me see what time the train comes . I need to go to media ! 
I've seen a < PROPMALE > man beg , I've seen a good man sin , I've seen a tough man cry , I've seen a loser win , and a sad man grin , I heard an honest man lie . I've seen the good side of bad , the down side of up , and everything in between .... Then you really might know what its like 
Got a job interview tomorrow afternoon !! Wish me luck everyone . Kinda in a pissed-off mood today but Whatever .. at least I have something to hope for . 
GOT A JOB :) !! Starting mondayyy ! SO exited and happy ! 
We cant jump the track were like cars on a cable , and lifes like an hour glass glued to the table 
I'm broke but I'm happy . I'm poor but I'm kind . I'm short but I'm healthy , yeeeah . I'm high but I'm grounded . I'm sane but I'm overwhelmed . I'm lost but I'm hopeful , baaaby . What it all comes down to .. is that everything's gonna be fine , fine , fine . 
Inception or The Last Exorcism ?? 
~ Happy birthday Mommy ~ Miss you so much :( 
When you have completed what you thought you had to do and your bloods depleted to the point of stable glue , then you'll get along , then you'll get along . 
MEOW MEOW , yo !! 
GRRRRRRR ! Work in a lil bit .. hopefully it'll be a good day and put me in a better moood . Love my work buddies ! ? 
visiting my dad , sister , and brother with < PROPMALE > today !! so excited I miss them 
Got my state ID finally ! .. workin til 8 tonite . 
If you were falling , I'd catch you . You need a light , I'd find a match . ' Cause I love the way you say good morning , and you take me the way I am . 
Whoever made this hoagie im eating is the sloppiest hoagie maker I've ever encountered .. 
I didnt know my shit had legs nd could walk out of my bag and right out the door .. Guess we learn somethin new everday ...!! 
My heart goes out to a wonderful woman and school nurse Mrs. McCormick . Stay strong .. we know u can pull through this . SHHS would never be the same with out you ! ? 
i hate hot , rainy days ! 
RIP Mrs. McCormick . You will be missed very much . 
I am a little bit of loneliness , a little bit of disregard - A handful of complaints but I can't help the fact that everyone can see these scars . 
Yay Sunchips are switching those loud ass bags back to the regular ones !! 
Really dont feel like workin lol but gotta do what I gotta do .. At least I get my paycheck today :) 
< PROPFEMALE > bored today ! 6 o clock come already ...! 
SO stressed out .. about to reach my limit soon . Gotta turn this around quick .. pleaseee something good happen today :/ . 
It could be better .. but it could be worse 
Got the Sims 3 for PC .. hell yeahh ;) 
Had a long day !! Finally time to relax :) 
cant explain my love for Hed PE in words .. 
busy day ..! cant wait for thursday !! 
holy crap i'm SO excited for < PROPMALE > WATERS tonite ...!!! My bf is the bestttt :) 
had a great time last nite .. What a show !! 
Despite all my rage I am still just a rat in a cage 
I wish if i deleted my facebook I wouldn't disappear from the face of the earth lol . Its like u need a facebook to have a social life anymore , just sayin !! 
thx for the bday wishes everybody . I had a great weekend :) 
its impossible to sleep when a train comes every 10 minutes .... 
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest cause there's alot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside of my soul . And just know that I grow colder the older I grow . This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold , and this load is like the weight of the world and I think my neck is breakin ' .. Should I just give up , or try to live up to these expectations ?? - Hailie's Song/Eminem 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , toget better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but myfriends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or isstill fighting , or survived cancer 
All I have to say to whoever is in charge of facebook ... \If its not BROKEN dont FIX it\ " .. The newsfeed that updates itself by the second was enough .. Its not necessary for everyone who I'm friends with on here to see what I write to other people from my profile < PROPFEMALE > .. Theres a fine line between convienence and excessiveness . " 
I got my hairs cuttttttttttt .... :( miss it already but it will grow back eventually 
dark side of oz ! 
anybody wanna come to the mall with me tomorrow ?? :) 
Just looking out on the day of another dream .. Where you can't get what you want , but you can get me . So lets set up to see .. Cause you are my medicine when your close to me , when your close to me . 
does anybody have a nintendo 64 they can sell me ?? 
umm I hate this new profile ..... wtf is goin on ???? 
every year is getting shorter .. never seem to find the time . plans that either come to naught or half a < PROPFEMALE > of scribbled lines . 
i was really sick the past couple days nd couldnt smoke cigarettes .. So i figured i might as well quit ... Day 3 is so hard .... 
first day back at work today . Feelin about 90% better .. i hate being sick !! 
its been over a week with no cigarette . its workin out pretty well .. 
well , i wont back down . no , i wont back down . you can stand me up at the gates of hell , but i wont back down . no , i'll stand my ground , won't be turned around and i'll keep this world from draggin me down ... and i wont back down 
