is tired and feels like crap . woooo i love the beginning of summer ! 

read . sleep . work . repeat . 
woooo . need sleep . long week . 
wonders if friending her parents on facebook was a good idea . Friend < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! Go minions go ! 
is attempting to read for her class . wah . so difficult after having a year off . :/ 
It's time for bed ... or maybe reading a book that isn't a textbook first ! Benefit-cost analysis is kicking my butt ! Anyone good with BCA concepts ? 
is off to Project Wildlife .... hope the air conditioning works . ughhhhhhh I hate hot weather ! 
Project Wildlife went well . However , getting rid of my cats ' fleas resulted in 21 little scratches . Yeah ! 
wants to rejoin the circus ! 
is delirious . definitely almost slept through my mandatory online class chat . ughhhhh 
sing to me ? 
is catching up on reading , hw , quiz , and then maybe start a project . ew . 
just got home from the Wild Animal Park's animal care center . Now its time for food and hw . PS Rhino's drink A LOT of milk !!! 
does NOT want to do her hw !!!! 
haha ... i find it funny that the only time i have thought of actually using a benefit-cost analysis is during mafia wars on here ... and then i decided not to , because benefit-cost analysis isn't fun ! 
ughhhh laundry all day . 
Reading for class . Then falling asleep most likely , because that is the ultimate power of textbooks . 
sweeping hay , clearing cobwebs , sawing bamboo while sitting on the floor of the elephant barn , and feeding feral cats ... uh , yeah , I definitely needed that shower ! Now its time for laundry and homework ! 
is currently in an online chat session for a grad class , but has succesfully played on facebook and youtube the entire time . 
just finished the memo paper thing for leadership . uhhhh . yeah . with 5 minutes to spare . 
is controlling the webcams for African Elephants , Polar Bears , and Orangs on the SD Zoo/WAP websites . Ch-ch-ch-ch-check it out ! www.sandiegozoo.org 
... and now it is time for a nap after more hay sweeping , cobweb sweeping , cheetah laundry , being jumped on by baby goats , being horned in the butt by a goat , and controlling the elephant , polar bears , and orangs cams . Then it's midterm time ! yeah ! 
needs to get caught up on her Leadership homework . ugh ... school . 
dizzy . tummy hurts . 
so you think you can daaaaaaaaaaance ..... ooooooooooh 
shower . then hw and shooby dooby daaaaaaaaaance .... ( so you think you can dance ... listen to the theme song it sounds like shooby dooby dance ! ) 
yeahhhhhhhhh I know who makes the finale for so you think you can dance ..... woooooooooo ! good choices !!!! i dont mind if any of those four win !!! 
has been procrastinating enough tonight . It is time to start on some homework . 
is excited that it is Friday . Sleeping in tomorrow and manning the zoo web cams haha 
lock up is a fantastic show . but now it is time to go through the itunes library and organize ! ( though I should be spending my time either taking a BCA quiz or reading for Leadership ... ha . ) 
finished a BCA exam and 7 leadership assignments tonight . yeahhhhhh 
dizziest . day . ever . 
oh instructor evaluations ... how i love that you are anonymous ! 
oh work . ugh . sinuses are going to explode . 
6 < PROPFEMALE > paper finished in about 2 hours . haha . ohhhhh boy i wonder what grade that will get . 
off to work . woooo . 
... waiting til midnight to wish someone a happy bday ... then shower ... then camps at 8am ! Who is awake at 8am ? I wasn't aware that anything happened in the world before 10am . 
must . finish . final . ehhhhhhhhhhhh . 
finished final . good night ! 
I am officially finished with this quarter ! No more Benefit-Cost Analysis ! I don't even care what I got on that stupid final ! 
Fun night ! Now tomorrow ... coaching in the morning and project wildlife in the afternoon ! 
just got done coaching and eating lunch . Printed out my ADM 510 syllabus and now going to read ( or most likely fall asleep ) . 
ugh ... why did i decide going back to school would be fun ? 
going to gym . woo . 
read . sleep . 
Falling asleep while sitting here . That means it is time for bed . I'm getting old ! 
supposed to be doing homework ... ehh i have two and a half hours before it's all due . i'd rather be watching my prison shows ! 
Anyone want to go to the Zoo with me on Oct . 10th ? It's a 2.5 mile walk to benefit the animals and its relatively cheap ! 
Walk on the Wild Side at SDZoo ! Oct 10th ! Who wants to go to the Zoo ?? 
... going to the gym . the reason i agreed to go was because its an excuse to listen to my music for an hour straight . 
someone want to gift me a 64gb ipod touch ?? 
nothing better than a hot shower after diving practice . now off to work :( 
... so tired . coaching and oktoberfest event has worn me out . too much work in one day .... errrr .... just maybe too little napping in one day . 
finished hw for advanced technical communication . now hw time for project management . ughhhhhhhhhhhhh . its not hard . just dont want tooooooooo 
Hw is done . haha . 
read & sleep . aquarium in morning for workshop yayyyyyyy 
... ps . < PROPFIRST > ! Get out of the library and < PROPFEMALE > out with me already !!! 
the My Zoo app is addicting . How sad . 
still haven't done my essay for adm 510 . i blame it on my newfound addictions to the my zoo app and vampire diaries series . lame excuse , but true haha 
i am exhausted . 
reading then sleep . yay . 
ummmmm .. hw is boring . i dont even have that much , but i have even less motivation to complete it . 
gahhhhhhhhhhhhhh I don't want to do any hw ! all i have to do is answer one reading question , then finish up an essay I already wrote the rough draft for . sooooo i'll do my question tonight and then turn in my essay in the morning by 9am ! wooooo . 
hahaha . finished my hw and essay . wooooo now i dont have to get up early ! 
hw due in 3 hours . amount completed : 0% hahaha . 
only an hour and a half til my hw is due . hahaha this is not going to get done . good thing it is a rough draft .... wooooo . 
.... and done . mostly . well i'm going to sleep now . 
... someone is mischevious . mwaaaaha 
why isnt the ibuprofen kicking in yet ????? ahhhh 
finished hw . going to read and fall asleep . 
finished hw . it is definitely time to hop into my bed , read a book , and fall asleep ! i love that it feels like 2.5 hours of hw drained my soul . would suck to have to do hw everyday ! 
making my costume ... sparkly ! 
headache from sugar . procrastinating on hw . 
finished hw . this time change is messing me up ! 
too tired to function . super dizzy too . must . read . book . ahhhhhh . and then fall asleep ! UGhhhhhhhhhh I LOVE SLEEP !!!!! ps . I am delirious . 
It's only 8:45 and I am almost asleep ! What is wrong with me ?!?! I'm so ooooooooold . haha 
I <3 the ringing in my ear ! 
dont want to do hw . 
going to bed at 3am is probably not the best idea when you have to work in the morning . 
read . sleep . that's about all the energy left in me right now . 
... lady gaga's videos kinda scare me . at least the choreography is interesting . 
read . sleep . compete in long beach ? 
Done with one class for the quarter ! One more to go ! 
kinda tired of the ringing in my ear and being dizzy . now to do a lovely hw assignment . 
it's annoying that people who write facebook quizzes can never spell correctly . 
why am i so tired ? i feel like a senior citizen . aaaaaaand i have a decision to make ... eeeeeeeek . 
definitely called this migraine ... ughhhhhhhhhhhh . 
DIVERS !!! Scripps ranch high school is looking for a diving coach ... interested ??? 
feel like crap . ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! mentally drained . thank goodness for music . 
hw finished . time to go to sleep . 
I PET AN ALLIGATOR TODAY ! Picture will be up soon ! 
watching the office with the boyfriend . YAY ! 
I realize that I hate the mall . Ugly clothes . Superficial people . No thank you ... high school was a long time ago . hah 
the fall quarter is officially over for me ! Yeahhhhhhhhhhhh ! 
just finished coaching a two and a half hour practice in the wind and rain . i loooove the rain ! but now I am freezing . 
apparently i need to go to the pool tomorrow to get some dives back before embarassing myself next weekend . 
Good day = funny kids , nerf guns , working out , talking trash , and uh , more talking trash . Tomorrow is conservation tour including where the birds breed . yay ! 
< PROPFIRST > wissing ! Stop hitting on my MOM !!!!!! 
is going to go to sleep . so tired . 
bored & exhausted . also a little disappointed in the ending of my book . wah 
Reply from athlete finding out I'm coaching again : I thought you would have quit after last year . 
work pranks , preschool holiday show , good day ! haha 
Even if some people look less stupid in their profile pic than you remember them ... they're probably not any smarter . I know , < PROPFEMALE > is watching ... but < PROPFEMALE > already put presents under my tree ! I don't have to be gooooooood ! 
for christmas i want a farm . or a zoo . 
finished Christmas shopping while in pajamas ... that's right . When I go out in public , I gotta look stylish . hahaha 
so ready to sleep in ! missed man vs . wild today ... could only handle 20 minutes of < PROPFEMALE > trek with the family ( only tolerable due to certain actors ) ... aaaaaaaand now time to relax ! 
skateboarding in the dark ! 
being unproductive is fantastic ! especially considering the quarter coming up the day before my birthday and working too many hours between too many places lol 
shower , breakfast , zoo ! or wild animal park ! wooooooooooo ! 
i kinda am enjoying working with only a couple little kids running around , as opposed to the normal amount of 70 . wooo . 
I <3 The Office . 
I can't fall back asleeepp ! I'm not supposed to be up this early ! :( 
I don't wanna go to woooork ... but people need to get paid I suppose . Playing with < PROPFIRST > on a Saturday mehhhhh . Whatevs , I'm going in in my pajamas . 
I cannot stay awake any longer . Going to attempt to read ... since soon I will be reading textbooks ! ( well , most likely not . who studies ? ) 
ugh . back to school . too many things to do . would rather sleep . 
oh geez ... 
why statistics ? why again ? ughhhhh no more !!!! nooooooooo mooooooooooore ! ( can you tell I don't want to take another stats class ? ) 
sinuses no longer going to explode . 3 weeks of a class down ... i am officially done with that class for january hahaha 
I <3 music :) 
... i hate online math classes . 
so ... uh ... i can feel the love for the chargers . stop being haters when you've supported them this far . might as well still support them even if they didn't play well . 
... and so the high school season starts . my goal is to not stress ! 
Master's diving meet ( 21 years old and up ) this Saturday in SD ! Come on divers , do it !!! 
thank u facebook for derailing my study time once again . ( yes , yes it's my fault ... but uhhhh ... damn . suppose i should read ) 
ugh ... human resource management hw . why am i taking 3 grad classes ? this is stupid . 
finished hw . now bedtime . maybe read a little , but i know im not going to get far . 
super tired . math hw is not my idea of fun . 
I <3 the rain ! Going to read <3 and sleep ! 
Yeah ! < PROPMALE > and I are champions x2 ! 
adm 525 hw done . goodnight world . 
adm 520 hw done . wooooooooo ! time to read and nap !!!!! YEAH !! 
My head is going to explode ! :( ibuprofen is my hero . 
step 1 : figure out what the hell my hw is . step 2 : procrastinate . step 3 : finish it while falling asleep . ughhhhhhh online math !!!!!! 
done with business stats . time for bed !!! 
\i've always had a problem dating more than one person at a time\ " - Brendizzle hahahaha " 
nooo .... i dont want to do my stats project or my human resource management hw and exam :( boooooooooo ! i just want to naaaaaaap . on a positive note , reverse dive on 3m today yay 
Baby elephants ! Time for late night shifts in an elephant enclosure again ! Super excited :) 
efffffff homework 
meh ... i dont want to do hw . i want to < PROPFEMALE > out with the eles ! oooooooh ! 9 days til elephant baby watch starts :) 
i hate hw . 
finished hw . headache . ibuprofen . sleep . 
how bout professors not ever require a 10-15 < PROPFEMALE > paper for a math class ? what the hell ... that's how i will be enjoying my Sunday . Haven't started , but it's not due til 5pm tonight . mehhhhhhhh 
finished my stats paper . wooo . 
recommend a good book for me . humor . memoir . whatever . 
if i didnt have hw i'd be in bed asleep . why am i so tired ? 
So i definitely didn't do my business stats project . oops . 
i should definitely be doing my HRM hw . i really don't feel like it . damn weekend due dates . 
done with hw . time to get ready to watch the elephants . hopefully the baby ele sleeps a lot tonight haha ... after i get to sleep in because bdizzle is amazing ! 
who wants to do my math hw for me ? Please ? < PROPFIRST > ... you should do it since it must be super easy for your mathing level ! 
anyone interested in coaching diving rec lessons 2 hours a week ? or know of anyone who might want to ? let me know . 
finished a really poorly written essay . sleep time . 
elephants 10pm-2am ... i don't know how im going to survive tomorrow ! 
done with adm 511 - interpersonal communication . only business stats and human resources left ! then it's time to start my final quarter ! 
super dizzy . tired . still have a paper to write . 
allergies . dizziness . ughhhhhh . downloading music until i pass out . which is anytime now . 
99 cent store . Lady behind me bought pads , THREE douches , and gummy bears . Yes she was walking funny , yes she was talking to herself , yes she made an awkward phone call while in line , and no she was not in tune when singing along with the store's music . That's what I call a good night . 
wooooo . new offices tomorrow . heavy lifting ? mehhhh . 
today was the second time I've been hit by a diving board . suppose that is what i get for aiming to hit a < PROPFIRST > line for fun , taking off at the wrong time , and having the board bounce back up to meet my foot . hahaha 
ohhhhh Nitro Circus ! Loving it ! 
fun day out ... however , no nap . must take a loooong nap to make up for it tomorrow . 
why have i procrastinated on writing a 2 < PROPFEMALE > memo for class ? i am totally burnt out as far as school is concerned , which is not okay , because this is the last quarter ! 
Back from Palm Springs . Ready to sleeeeeeep !!! Lots of good stuff learned and had a fun time . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Etzel !!! 
effffffffff . 
RAIN ! YESSSSSSSSSS ! Rain all week !!!!!!!!! PLeeeeease . Come on ......... RAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
In papa johns picking up pizza and one worker is explaining to another one that so many pizzas are being ordered because it is 4/20 . The other guy asks \what is 4/20 ? \ " and the other guy says \ " uhhh it's uhhhh like when people smoke . \ " good times . It makes sense I suppose . " 
10 pages due tonight . uhhh ... which was supposed to be on 10 chapters of text . i've read 1 1/2 chapters . i think i'm going to just go in the hot tub instead . senioritis times a million since it's grad school :/ 
The baby raccoons in the attic right above my room are getting to be quite noisy . I don't really mind it though . I really want to see them ! 
don't want to do hw . don't want to do hwwwwwwwwwww . Noooooooooooooooooo . 
institutional review board for a simple survey . wow . lame . 
I should be finishing up my homework and master's project ... however i have decided that a better way to utilize my time would be to go to sleep early . like an old person . what is wrong with me ?! 
sooooooooo tired . 2 more days of high school dive . 3 weeks of grad school left . wooooo ! 
time to sleep . high school season is officially over . i suppose now i have no excuses not to do my hw . 
So sleepy ... 
grad school needs to be over . now . only a couple more days , but too much hw . 
It's so hard to do my last bits of grad school hw when i've found an entire elite gymnastics meet posted online to distract me ! 
work and watching elephants ... long day . time for bed ! next time I will be sure to take some pictures . 
I finally got a 10 today in diving ! WOoooooooo ... it was for synchronization with my 8th grader synchro partner . :) 
soooo ... no more hw ever ? AHAHA YAYYYYYYYYY . unless i didnt pass my capstone course . hopefully this means im done with schoooooool ! 
Results are in ... I passed my capstone course . I officially am done with grad school ! WOOOOOOOOO ! \ 
\ 
PS . if you went to MVY for gymnastics , then there is a reunion on June 25th ! 
Wooooo ... reading . sleeping . 
Gymnastics is fun ... but it kills your body . My back hurts ! 
Like this status and I will tell you what I thought about you when I first met you . 
open gym monday night ... who wants to go ? 
going to sleep ... i must be getting old ... can't seem to stay up late ... okay . i lied , im going to go read a book first . 
actually using AIM for the first time in ... i dont know how long !!! dtgwrock if you want to entertain me 
i do believe we are trampolining again tomorrow night ... everyones invited :) 
Lightning , thunder , and rain ... best summer weather ! Love it ! 
Suggest some good books for me .... GO ! 
super dizzy ... and i was accidentally given a caffeinated drink ... i haven't had a caffeinated drink in YEARS . I feel jittery ... and I didn't even drink very much . wow . 
caffeine is like crack . crazy how you can feel it when you haven't had it in forever . 
woooo ... standing front double ( okay more like 1 3/4 ) off vault into the pit . yayyyyyyyyyy for pits ! 
Estoy\ 
cansada . Voy a leer < PROPFEMALE > libro y tomar < PROPFEMALE > a siesta . Y cuando me despierto , \ 
quizá no estaré enojada y emocional . Mañana será más mejor . 
Get to watch a behavioral bio scent preference test for lions early on Tuesday morning ! yayyyyyyyy for lions at 7am 
Meh ... the term happy camper does not apply to me . 
who wants to buy me a house ? condo ? let me rent for $20 a month ? haha ... ahh ... why does rent have to be so expensive ? i wanna move out . 
lets sum tonight up ... or rather what tonight will be ... otter pops and ACA :/ 
The only way to have a friend is to be one . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > \ 
You can always tell a real friend : when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job . < PROPFIRST > J . < PROPFIRST > 
any awesome SRSRC camp staff want to email me a copy of the session 6 schedule ? that'd make my day ... dive.coach.amy@gmail.com pleaaaase and thanks . ( cant access work emails at home :/ ) 
google images ... you destroyed my innocence and my retinas . okay , so maybe you only destroyed one of those too , but still ... ahhhhh 
woooooooo . day off tomorrow ... sort of . get to score a couple hours worth of lion behavioral data .... i want this to be my job ! 
Still super tired from getting up early yesterday !! I feel so old . :( and I need to get up early again tomorrow . Eeek 
woooo ... padres game was fun . getting up way early tomorrow morning will not be fun . though , lions rolling in warthog poop is a great way to start the morning . 
this season of shooby dooby dance is over . laaaaame . i hate waiting . 
sooo .... sleeepppyyyy .......... 
Just got to hotel in LA for masters diving nationals . Sleepy ... staying in the hotel from the Lethal Weapons movies apparently . Unless my mother is lying to me 
Oh boy ... 3m this morning . Have to < PROPMALE > 2 dives I've never done before . Haha . 
Day one of masters nationals done . Third place 3m . Naptime then banquet time . 1m tomorrow . 
Favorite quote at masters nationals \you can't make race horses out of jackasses . \ " Ahaha " 
Done with 1m . Third place . Beat the goal I set for myself for my total score . Going to read and nap . Tomorrow is platform and synchro . Might skip platform . 
YES ...... DANCE . LOVE IT !!!!!!!! < PROPFIRST > Wissing ... we are doing the Yes Dance when you get to SD ! 
facebook keeps messing up ... and not loading things .... like chat , pics , people's pages . soooo i think it is trying to tell me that ive been on my computer too much for one night . though youtube is hilarious . 
to prove < PROPFIRST > Helms wrong ... list some So Cal slang here !!!! DOOOO ITTTTTTT ! 
who knew cat bites required 3 IV doses , tetanus shot , and antibiotics ? nap time 
my droid = dead . what did we do before cell phones ??? grrr . 
jk ... droid revived itself . weird . 
Since mommy and daddy didn't create any siblings for me ... I had to give credit to some of those I know who are like siblings :) 
So , Walk on the Wild Side at Zoo about to begin . Umm explain to me why my post is the closest to being a cheerleader ?? 
dear < PROPMALE > Denhart jejeje estas disfrutando el juego de futbol , mi amigo ? jeje creo que debo hablar contigo solamente en espanol . voy a escribir < PROPFEMALE > as ideas randomas . puedes pintar tu camion preciosa el color < PROPFEMALE > . tienes < PROPFEMALE > trabajo con personas locas . el cielo es azul , pero ahora , es noche . entonces , el cielo es negro . tienes dos armas . tengo < PROPFEMALE > gato . no me gustan las gorilas . tu estas conf < PROPFEMALE > dido . con respeto ! 
My internuts is down . Guess \borrowing\ " it from an unknown neighbor won't work out tonight ... soooo going to read The City of Dreaming Books . " 
The main character is a dinosaur ! It has illustrations too ! But not written for kids . Nope nope . 
Dinner , < PROPMALE > burnham special on tv , and sleepover with my mehmzy !!! Yayyyyyyyy I <3 the mehmz . 
Who put together a mini vacuum and a floor lamp ?? I DID ! So domestic ... now I have enough light to read ! Stoked ! 
\Like\ " this status and I'll post something on your wall that begins with \ " The truth is ... \ " wooooooo " 
PUT THIS AS UR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 - Crazy 2 - I'd kissyou ; 3 - Attractive ; 4 - Sarcastic ; 5 - I miss you ; 6 - Best friend ; 7 - Moody ; 8 - Smart ; 9 - Energetic ; 10 - Datable ; 11 -Random ; 12 - Hot ; 13 - Funny ; 14 - Sexy ; 15 - Amazing ; 16 - Tough hmmmmm 
hmmm should i dive in a meet on saturday ? 
shower . clean apartment . be lazy . maybe watch Dance Showcase ?? I wanna goooo . 
Mehmzy and I met < PROPMALE > Burnham ! Mehmzy got a signed shirt , < PROPMALE > autographed our tickets , and he took pictures with us !!! 
Can't wait to dive in the rain with < PROPFEMALE > ! I know she's super excited for it too hahaha . Just hope it doesn't get too < PROPFEMALE > ! 
And its gonna be cold the whole week !! Sweatpants at work !! Yesssssssss .... super excited ! 
i am absolutely loving the rain ! watching covert affairs right now . :) 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE > ... was a lot of fun ... thanks mom & dad . ps . i hate boats . 
sick and bored . if you have AIM and want to entertain me : dtgwrock 
i need some good book suggestions please .... as many as possible :) 
off to work . then groceries . blah . 
Groceries came to $69 . Fyi . 
observed mandrills & colobus , worked , potroast dinner , and now aqua teen hunger force before bed . 
i <3 my coworkers . make work fun . 
awesome lunch with my Italian twin , < PROPFEMALE > Martorana . Thanks for the fun time ! also had fun today watching the mandrills and kikuyu colobus monkeys . and i got a 100% on my diving written final haha . and now , im tired , dizzy , and my jaw hurts for no reason . its time for some ME time :) 
Its supposed to rain this weekend ! Yes !!! 
mandrill & colobus smackdown . wow . 
i always seem to stay up way too late . i suppose it is because that is the time i have to myself . gahhhh .... waking up early tomorrow is not going to be fun ! 
secret < PROPFEMALE > at work was fun ! thank you , < PROPFEMALE > Yates for my book ! i'm super excited ! I <3 reading !!! and i <3 my coworkers ! super fun people ! now , im giving my paycheck to itunes ... music/tv show suggestions anyone ? 
get in at diving at mesa today ? i think not . go there to < PROPFEMALE > out in my sweatpants and sweatshirt ? I think yes . :) 
kinda hyper ... if you wake me in the morning i will be delirious . just fyi . aaaand now to get ready to walk through an elephant enclosure , in the rain , which means mud . hopefully i wont fall in with the elephants lol 
i am sleeping ! 
I LOVE THE RAIN ! and now it is time for a Glee episode and then bed . 
Watched more Glee than expected . Up late again . Going to fall asleep to the sounds of the rain and some music . Night 
it's like a remix of a couple of country songs is stuck in my head ! 
goodnight ... early morning tomorrow . yuck . 
Thank you SDSU for your overcrowding . Finding holiday parking is simple since I spent 4 years in your parking structures cursing . Life experience thanks to sdsu 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! It's been a good day so far . Now a nap to make it even better ahaha 
Its raining ! I love it ! And I love my family and friends ! Goodnight :) 
Good morning . Good day . Good night . Goodnight . 
just watched an MTV's Made episode with kids i will be coaching this spring turning themselves into a boyband . should be an interesting dive season :) 
birthday plans ... bank , work , visit < PROPFEMALE > , visit < PROPFIRST > , rager with my bff/brother :) ( and by rager ... I mean laugh at children , i mean WITH children , and fail at something , and get teased for something lol ) 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! I appreciate them ! Had a good birthday day :) 
Why am I so awake right now ? This sucks ! 
fml . 
good morning ! breakfast with Zach Heinemann , < PROPFEMALE > Armstrong Heinemann , and < PROPFEMALE > Mehmzy < PROPFIRST > ! We demand that < PROPFIRST > Smith come back to SD ! 
Dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Mehmzy < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Etzel , and < PROPFEMALE > ! I <3 them ! 
oh new facebook ... i feel like your sole purpose is to bring happiness and joy to stalkers . effing creepy . 
haha ... 6 hours til I have to get up . this is why i have a hard time focusing while coding behavioral data . 
For whatever reason , I really want to go diving while it is snowing . I think that would be fun . Cold - yes . Fun - YEAH ! Or at least in the rain :) 
read . sleep . uh oh its past midnight :/ 
I < PROPMALE>' have to work tomorrow !!!!! I'm kinda excited !!! Research at the safari park and then maybe diving ? EHHH !!!! SO STOKED !!!! 
woooo ... done with research today . now gonna read , nap , clean my mansion , and then i dunnooooo . 
so domestic ! doing laundry , doing dishes , and eating leftovers ! haha 
gooooodnight . 
I can't wait to win the lotto . I will have my own fantasy factory and I will spend most of my time volunteering for animal/nature/science places . 
I have the best family , bf , and bff ever :) 
Good day ... definitely starting to get sore from staff workout , got to go in the pool though , had a good time coaching lessons , and I'm quite possibly bruised from misusing sporting equipment in a super fun way . :) now , music time and then goodnight 
i wanna go to sea world ! i have my pass already :) 
any divers interested in doing a little coaching ? let me know please ... i may have an opportunity for you 
some kids are just way better to < PROPFEMALE > out with than others . 
i <3 awkward moments . eeek . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , You make my ear angry , even if you do bring lovely weather . I strongly dislike you and you make it difficult for me to do anything without being dizzy . Love , Me 
anyone going to/wanna go to watch the level 10 and elite session of a gymnastics meet on Sunday ? 
DIVERS !!!! anyone interested in coaching dive 3-6 hours per week ? Anyonee ?? Can make the practice schedule based around your schedule :) 
diiiive meeeeet . hope my ear can handle it ... if not , at least i get to watch some of my fave divers ! good luck < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! :) 
first place on 3m today . didn't get very good scores , but i suppose that's what happens when all you do in warmups is one front jump pike . i mean , why warm up my dives ? i did them in august ... so that was enough warmup right ? hahaha fun !!! now , tv on laptop , nap , then laundry . 
So excited to be at work right now . :/ if only this computer program didn't hate meeee ... 
Head hurts . It's only 10:30 . Suppose I shall read some more of Tucker < PROPMALE>'s new book . I miss the days of wandering SDSU's library and finding random books to enjoy ( that and sleeping in the library basement ) ... I need to go to a library soon to peruse the books . 
It's soooooo < PROPFEMALE > ! Wind freaks me out more than storms ... I don't want a tree to land on my head . I am NOT parking in the back lot at work ... that tree is going to fall on someone's car . 
I will NOT get ninja'd today . I will NOT GET NINJA'D TODAY ! DAMN YOU < PROPFIRST > Helms !!! 
I wish AAF bucks were real money . I'd be a lot richer after cleaning my apartment ! :) 
Good night hanging out with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! I <3 him ! :) Goodnight . 
Hate when people ask for signatures at grociery stores , esp . psychos . Told him no thanks and he asks \u don't like me ? Is it because I hate homos ? \ " Wtf ?! " 
Had an awesome day with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Rio , Kyoka Hashimoto , < PROPMALE > Denhart , and < PROPFIRST > Helms ... except for getting ninja'd twice . I shall have my revenge ! But it was a super fun day :) 
Gonna rain wednesday thru Sunday . So excited !! Sweatpants at work !! Yessss !!! 
there comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and the people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So love the people who treat you right , pray for those who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of life . Getting back up is living . stolen from < PROPFEMALE > Armstrong Heinemann :) 
just had a slight freakout moment when it finally hit me that dive season is starting on saturday . goodbye any free time . goodbye sanity . thankfully < PROPFEMALE > Grabowy and I are in it together ... and it's always good see the PUSD diving fam , right < PROPFEMALE > Margrave and < PROPMALE > Norby ? So glad i coach in the district that i do !!! Fun , genuinely nice people ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! I <3 < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! 
first day of dive season tomorrow ! 
safari park for fun ( not volunteering ) , pick up cd for research , then coach diving ! yayyyyyyy 
so tired . so warm with these blankets . goooooodnight . 
It's raining ! YAYYY ! Take that < PROPFIRST > Helms ! Punishment for your ninja-ing ! hahahahaaaaaaaa 
hailing ahhhh 
ahahahaha facebook lets you \like\ " the scripps ranch swim & racquet club ... oh wow . that's just ... i'm speechless . ahhahaha " 
HEYYY WORRRRRLLLLD ! Just wanted to let everyone know that < PROPFIRST > Helms was unable to ninja me today !!! AHAHA ! YES ! 
Srhs diver : \what I lack in talent I make up for in enthusiasm !!!! \"" 
Diver 1 : I've learned the secret to being straight forever\ 
Diver 2 : at least I don't have to worry about u coming on to me anymore 
laundry , cleaning , dinner , and camp brochure . what a fun time . :/ 
its so early and yet i am totally ready to go to sleep . i am not a fan of the time change . 
Ughhhh too early . Third day of dive meets in a row . Just like next week . 
First time running an invitational electronically ... success ! Oh dive season ... why are you so stressfull and so rewarding all at once ? 
Nap time ! 
It's raining ! Doing laundry ... and being lazy . 
dear < PROPFIRST > Helms , you may be kicking my butt in all of our games , but that doesn't change the fact that it is raining !! ahahahahahaaha <3 , me 
Time for dive meet number 4 today ... only like 15 more to go before end of the season . Need sleeeeeep . 
so exhausted ... 6 dive meets in 2 weeks . ahhh . nap time very soon . 
I <3 my friends that I work with ! And I hate facebook for android . Unrelated but totally true . 
