has a sleeping disorder . Haven't seen a stupid quiz about that ! 

Happy Father's Day ! 
It is the man who has done nothing that is sure nothing can be done . 
is so thankful for our mini-vacation ! I think we all needed some time away from the city life . No cell phones , no DS , and nobody elses BS . 
is back to work for another week ! 
Ok , Ash my eight nights are almost over ! I can't wait to go to Louisiana this weekend and it's only Monday . < PROPFIRST > is driving me nuts , she called < PROPFIRST > today and had him pick her up after school without discussing it with me first . Gotta love it ! Call me tonight . 
Leaving for Louisiana be home Sunday ?? 
is home again . We had a great time but that's a long drive when you are the only one awake . 
is on night number five . I can't wait to be off again , three more to go ! 
When it rains it pours ! Literally , the brand new a/c is leaking water in the hall and the Camero is not running again ! I have decided that car is a money pit ! It's ok though , I have faith that things will get better !!! 
is loving the weather ! 
This week has been so interesting !! I got up this afternoon and we have no mailbox . We needed a new one but come on .... really ?? Four more nights . 
Please keep my dad in your prayers . He's going to have some tests done on his legs . It doesn't look promising .... but we all know the power of prayer ! Thanks 
is so very tired !! I just worked 8 nights straight and my last shift was 16 hours and I'm trying my hardest to stay awake until < PROPFIRST > gets off the bus . Cup of coffee #4 . Gotta love it ! 
is enjoying this weather !! Today has been a lazy day ..... finally . 
had a GREAT time with the kiddos and sisters last night . We need to start doing it more often . I forget what a good time we have together .... life gets in the way sometimes . 
My days off go by soooo fast ! Time to get ready to go back .... 
I am thankful for my mother , she does so much for my family , without her I don't know how I would make it ! 
Today I'm thankful that I have a warm bed to go crawl in . 
Today I'm thankful that I have friends and family that love me . Lately I've seen that some are not as fortunate ... 
Today I'm thankful it's Church day !! I need to refill my tank , I'm running on E . Lesson #2 on Tweets . :) 
Today I'm thankful that < PROPFIRST>'s at work and < PROPFIRST>'s with < PROPFIRST > and I can sleep all day if I want ! If you know me , then you know that will NEVER happen . It is still great that I have the opportunity . 
Today I'm thankful for the people in my life that make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside . This should only make sense to ONE person and please don't get the wrong idea mother . 
Today I'm thankful that last night is over and I only have one more night to go ! 
Today I'm thankful it's my week off !! I need to spend some QT with < PROPFIRST > . 
Today I'm thankful that God always walks with me . Sometimes the daily drama can drag me down but then I remember that I'm not in this alone .... 
Today I'm thankful that < PROPFIRST > and I get a night out ... it never happens that someone has < PROPFIRST > and neither of us has to work . We are going to see The Blind Side . 
Today I'm thankful life is good and Christmas is coming ! 
Today I'm thankful we are all three home today ! 
is thankful that < PROPFIRST > is a good daddy ... I don't know what I would do without him . 
is thankful that < PROPFIRST > is out all week . We slept until 10:30 this morning . 
Hey white liar The truth comes out a little at a time And it spreads just like a fire Slips off of your tongue like turpentine And I don't know why 
had a great time last night . I could not have asked for a better family Christmas . We are truly a blessed family . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
At < PROPFIRST>'s Happy New Years ! 
Pink 
is so excited about taking < PROPFIRST > to see < PROPMALE > Chesney tonight !! Thank you Aunt C . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes !! 
is loving life ! 
Ok , so < PROPFIRST>'s in the hospital with bronchitis for a few days if you didn't get a text from her dad or I . Wish us luck , the doctor says she might be out by Tuesday . So much for getting stuff done this week off . There's always next week ... :) 
We are home !!! She's not 100% but she's much better , thanks guys for everything . 
Happy Easter ! 
is drinking a glass of wine at eight in the morning . There has to be something wrong with this . I'm hoping I can fall asleep soon .... guess it would help if I wasn't playing on FB . :) 
Hi Mom ! Ya dork when are you gonna figure this thing out ? lol 
Never understood when I was younger why my mother slept all the time , now that I work nights I totally get it ! It's hard to get back on a daytime schedule on my off week . :) 
Today is my last day off and I have so much to do ... and once again I'm on FB ! I think I'm procrastinating ... hmmmm the apple doesn't fall far ! lol 
just had breakfast from Subway .... pretty good stuff ! 
is enjoying my day off . 
doesn't have a clue what I was thinking taking on three girls tonight !! I'm so sleepy and they are in there laughin ' it up at a movie . It's all good I'm gonna get them up at 6:30 am for breakfast and Church . Pray for me !!! ;) 
is at work playin on FB 
one more night . Yea !! 
ready to take a short leave of absence !! No phone , no man , no kids .... no problems ! 
is loving vacation ! 
Happy Mother's Day . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a \ 
man wishing he could whisper softly in her ears . While you \ 
HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and \ 
reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a\ 
man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY \ 
there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're\ 
against Domestic Violence 
It is the soldier , not the reporter , that has given us freedom of the press . It is the soldier , not the poet , that has given us freedom of speech . It is the soldier , not the lawyer who has given us the right to a fair trial . It is the soldier , who salutes the flag , who serves beneath the flag and whose coffin is draped by the flag that allows the protestor to burn the flag 
Can't wait for this week to be over , it seems to be dragging on . 
Right now a police officer is helping someone . A police officer is working the streets { day or night } to make it safe for you . A police officer missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it took you to read this ; Police officer's all over the world are saving lives ? It's Police Officer appreciation week .... repost if you are a Police Officer , or love a Police Officer . For T thank you for what you do .. 
is glad the car is still under warranty . Just realised I have no break lights !! 
Ok I feel really bad ... Erin's birthday party is going to be Saturday at 7:30 pm at Bounce . Procrastination is my middle name .. :) 
Happy Father's Day !! 
is at a fork in the road and doesn't know which way to go .... please pray that I figure ALL this mess out . Thanks 
I wish everyone knew what you really look like , then they would see the humor in it . Thank you Fat Booth on the iphone .. too funny . 
I like it on the floor board in the front seat . 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient onlyhas one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting . 
about to go to bed ... this week I never actually got my sleep pattern straight . Oh well , there's always next week ! :) 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is \ 
not to see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Support the \ 
fight against Child Abuse by copying and pasting this as your status 
Playin w Erins Christmas present ! Hehe 
Just cooked biscuts and gravy , good stuff !!! Going last minute shopping today , I believe I have lost my mind ! 
Scared to go to the Doc . today ... I know he's gonna mad I've put weight on . I hope this fixes the issue today . I'm so flippin hungry right now .. liquid diets are no fun ! 
Dear God , I come to you as humble as I know how . I confess my sins , those known and unknown . Lord you know I am not perfect and I fall short everyday of my life but I want to take time out to say thank you for Your mercy . Thank you for my health , my family and my friends , the roof over my head and the food on my table and everything I have ..... Re-post if GOD has blessed you in any way 
