Had tons of fun at the robot exhibit with the girlfriend !!! Babe that was a wonderful day and cant wait for many more to come ! 

Is about to see Transformers Revenge of the Fallen with the girlfriend ! wohooo !!! 
Loved Ice Age ! But I think it's run it's course and they need to be done with it , but was still a good movie ! 
Is going to apply to Blizzard Entertainment ! I didn't know their main complex was 30 minutes away in Irvine ! I will start a post requesting any help I can get on connections , or advice for writing the perfect cover letter and resume ! 
Is going to have lunch with dad and < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! AWESOME !... oh and the girlfriend is coming too ! 
Had an awesome day yesterday ! Greek food in Idy , road tripin ' , family discount ice cream , and visiting tons of camp friends ! 
Had an awesome time at the fair with the girlfriend !!! Chili cheese fries ! crazy rides ! ideas for starting a home garden ! petting cows and other fuzzy animals ! OC fair rocks ! 
Thanks for the Birthday wishes !!! 25 and counting ..... :) 
had the most awesome day ! Hiking , swimming , napping , visiting friends , awesome food , Wii , and beer ! Who knew you could do so much in a day !? Thank you everyone for making it an awesome birthday weekend ! 
went to D&B with the girlfriend to celebrate our 9 months together ! and had a BLAST ! 
Just saw Inglorious Bastards with the girlfriend ! Awesome movie !!! 
I'm out folks . Got out last night . Was in for a warrent for not paying my fines . And the only reason I wasn't out the same night I went in was because they dont have court on sundays ! Anyway , learned my lesson , gonna stay on top of my stuff now ! 
Is enjoying friends and good beer . 
can't wait to go camping with the girlfriend and friends !!! 
Had an awesome camping trip ! 
Yea this whole getting pulled over thing is really getting old . My rear brake light went out and I got dinged for that , yay more court ! 
wuves his girlfriend !!!!!!!!!!! 
me and babe , 11 months and counting ! I love you babe ! almost a year ! 
Is gonna play lego batman with the girlfriend ! and kick her ass at it ! hahahahaha 
had a wonderful night out with the girlfriend !!! Islands hamburgers with beer , and a scary movie ! 
had a rockin ' Halloween party !!! 
gets to sleep on a real bed tonight ! Bye bye to my air matress with holes !!! 
HAPPY ONE YEAR BABE ! It was today this day one year ago we realized that this would be more than a friendship ! I love you so much and I know we are gonna go far babe ! 
saw New < PROPFEMALE > ! It may have been a total chick flick , but it was actually really well done ! And I mostly enjoyed it cause it was eating movie nachos with my girl ! 
13 month annaversary on the 13th day of the month ! Can't wait to have sushi babe ! 
Awesome day ! Sushi , < PROPFEMALE > Wars , cuddeling with my baby , and curly fries !!! yes curly fries !!! 
is extremly happy that is Friday and can take a break from work ! 
Sunday night , another week of work ahead . Yarg , why does time fly by so fast when your having fun ! Wonderful chill weekend with the babe though , I love you ! 
Click my profile pic ! 
Had an awesome day with the girl for 14 month anniversary ! P.F. Changs for lunch , we picked out some < PROPFEMALE > at a < PROPFEMALE > store , snuck it into the movies and watched Sherlock Holmes ! I love ya baby ! 
Is going Snowboarding tomorrow !! It will be fun ! 
Snowboarding ! Yeah ! 
Snowboarding was awesome ! I was flying by everyone by the end of the night ! I held the camcorder while I was snowboarding a few times , I'm gonna make a short video out of the footage , should be up in a day or so ! 
is almost settle at the new place !! 
Finally got my gaming computer up and running , after nearly a week ! One of the most challenging issues I've ever had with a computer . At every turn where I made progress , a step forward , I hit another wall . It would simply restart right after the windows loading screen . 
Does anyone have a spare ADSL modem !? 
Whoooo ! finally have my own internet working ! no more stealing lousy internet from some neighbor ! 
I love < PROPFEMALE>'s Cafe ! And especially when I can steal some blueberry french toast off < PROPFEMALE>'s plate hahaha 
Disneyland was AWESOME ! Got to be with grandpa , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and his parents ! Definitely a fun group to do Disneyland . Anytime you guys are in the area I'd love to go again ! Thank you guys so much for bringing me ! And babe I really wish you could have come along , we will go together sometime soon ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Cafe is definitely my favorite restraunt ! The food is increadibly good , the waiters are always very helpfull , and for a better deal than Ihop . The blueberry muffins are awesome ! I had a wonderful morning with you babe ! 
Clash of the Titans ! Cool movie ! Even though we missed part of it from the earthquake ! 
Slow day at work ... fueled up a C-200 turbo prop with a F-750 tanker truck , watched a helicopter taxi and take off from about 40 feet away , and pulled weeds from the tarmac with the company of an electric ATV . Just another day ... 
Had an awesome day with you baby ! Home made eggs bacon and pancakes for breakfast , nap , good movie and nacho cheese chalupas , best way to spend a lazy sunday ! I love you babe ! 
Had an awesome annaversary with the girlfriend !!! Our classic favorite Corner Bakery for dinner while we wait for our movie to start , Date Night was a hilarious movie ! Good choice loves ! Then we checked out Barnes and < PROPMALE > accross the street ! 
celebrating dads birthday with pie and pizza and brothers , sisters , and the girfriend . its so peaceful in the mountains ! 
has a new laptop ! 
Had an awesome pool party with < PROPFEMALE > baby ! good company , food , beer , < PROPFEMALE > day , swimming . who could ask for more ! 
1 and a half years with < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you babe ! 
Nightmare on Elm Street was SCARY ! If you want your girlfriend to scream I highly reccomend this movie ! I love you babe !!! 
has been givin permission by Blizzard to beta test Starcraft 2 ! First map test is going increadibly well ! 
watched < PROPMALE > of persia with the girlfriend and friends and snuck into shrek afterwards lol . price of persia was pretty damn good ! 
Makin ' lunch with my babe ! Salad , eggs , and spicy beef ! 
No matter how long or shitty my day goes , when i see my love laying on towel in the sun and she's smiling at me , it's all worth it ! 
Made it to Moab , Utah in one piece . My phone doesnt work for phone calls but I can txt still ! 
Watched The A Team and Toy Story 3 with my love for her birthday . Both were awesome movies ! I hope you had a great birthday loves ! 
had a wonderful day at the beach with my baby and her family ! 
Had a great day with < PROPFEMALE > babe , watchin the world cup , lunch at corner bakery , ice cream and a movie and laundry !!! 
Predators was actually a good movie ! Definitely pulls you into the moment ! 
having lunch at work with the girlfriend ! :) 
Inception is a kick ass movie !!! 
has had a lot of old friends contact me lately .... very weird . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! Turning 26 , feeling the slight effects of age , living in socal air prolly doesn't help . But at heart I'm still a kid enjoying the simple things in life ! 
d an awesome birthday party ! Friends , beer , cake , monopoly , Sushi ! Hope everyone had a good time too ! 
Had a great night celebrating an anniversary with my babe ! The Expendables is an awesome movie ! The fight scenes were increadible ! good plot , classic hero rescues hot babe in distress , and definitely superb acting ! Gotta see it in theaters though ! 
Had a nice relaxing weekend up in the mountains visiting family and hanging with my love ! 
Anyone else see the massive falling < PROPFEMALE > at about 10:20 pm ? I was driving home on the 405 and I looked west and saw a HUGE blue streak of something come out of the sky . I'm almost positive it was a meteorite , it was falling very fast , and seemed to lose its light just above the horizon . But it seemed to be falling away from me at an < PROPFEMALE > , not sure how far out it was , coulda been a mile or 10 . 
Starting school tomorrow . ITT Tech here I come ! 
First day of school in 8 years , don't know if I need a pencil and paper or a smart phone ! Man how things change ... 
Had an awesome day with < PROPFEMALE > love ! Made crepe's and went shopping ! 
1 Year and 11 months , almost the big 2 ! I love you babe ! Happy anniversary ! 
going to Vegas ! later everyone , taking a vacation ! 
Vegas\ 
was AWESOME ! Stayed at the < PROPMALE > . We gambled , played $1 blackjack and \ 
won a couple bucks and got free beers . Saw the Bellagio and the water \ 
show , the Venetian with the gondola rides . The New York New York and \ 
Caesers Palace ! Had some damn good buffet sushi at Todai's and buffet at\ 
the Rio . Was rather drunk while watching Fantasy , hilarious show !........ 
This Friday the 5th if anyone wants to make a quick < PROPMALE > , the flight school I worked for Rainbow Air , has a lot of junk that needs to be thrown away from in the hanger . Most the stuff is up some stairs and its heavy , gonna need some help , you'll be paid of course , I don't know how much though . It will prolly be from about 10am till 4 or 5 ish . Just a one day gig . The address is 2601 E . Spring St. , Long Beach . 
Date night with my love ! Sneaking corner bakery panini's into the theater to watch Megamind ! Love ya baby ! 
Soooo busy lately . work completely overhauling the hanger and filtering through mounds of old documents , school and tons of homework and coordinating old high school records , ebay and packaging and post office . a typical day lately ! uhg the only time I'm at home anymore is to sleep ! 
Woooot ! \ 
my baby got me an iTouch for 2 year anniversary ! getting angry birds on\ 
it first ! then jailbreak it so i can put what i want on it ! And got me an awesome caricature painting on a canvas of us hugging ! gonna get it up on fb tomorrow ! Love you baby ! 
Going whale and dolphine watching with my loves ! 
Gobble gobble gobble ! 
Sushi dinner and a movie with my love , perfect way to end the week ! 
Tron was awesome ! Definitely have to see in theaters if you can ! 
