just got her graduation vacation book to Disneyland ... is kind of squeaky right now ... and hyper . 

is annoyed cause she forgot her headphones . 
is trying to get settled in to do some work tonight . 
* sniffles * goodbye , my Doctor . 
is trying to study for her \midterm\ " test . " 
a few more days and this class is done .... then I get to hit my Thesis very hard since I need to have a full draft done by the first . :P 
2 more days , and winter session is over . 
time to game ... finally . I had to stop for 4 months . 
schoolwork , lunch , more work .... maybe wow tonight . 
is in her last class for the day .... can I go watch a movie now ? 
has a lecture on Brazil to attend this afternoon . 
spent all day feeling illish and working on her thesis . I managed to get a lot done ... hope it is enough if I get the same done tomorrow ... I feel like its coming together in my head , but it needs to be on paper now . 
took a break from school work for Tea and Whist at St. < PROPFIRST > . 
is so brain dead today ... and has so much work to do still . 
What was the #1 song when you were born ? Keep this going ; Google it and post . Mine was Love Hangover , by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
is really bothered by the cop-copter circling and circling around her house . 
another mad week mostly done ... * dodges more incoming missiles err work * . 
is stressing out cause she accidently over booked herself ... again . 
off to a conference downtown . 
Does anyone here in ABQ know of a good tailor that can fit a womens suit jacket ? 
is thinking she is done .... just done . 
still doesn't know what she wants to do .... 
feels sicky today . :( 
is glad that 2 of her classes will be out of her way next week ... though one will come back at the end of the semester for a couple of weeks , then she can relax for a couple days , then tackle her thesis paper . 
is really tired of idiots ruining her week . 
is finally getting things resolved ... and work done . Phew . 
I need help from my friends who have blogspot accounts . I have a blog set up for a Communications class and one thing he wants us to do is get people to follow the blog . Its on my artwork and my general interest in fashion . http://kore-art.blogspot.com/ 
is positively giddy with costume ideas after watching < PROPFEMALE > .... 
knows how to write ... so why is it she feels like she sux at it ... damned anxiety attacks 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? Well , here's a task for you ... I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met . I mean our first encounter ever . Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . Ill bet youll be amazed ! 
wonders what is she doing ... where is she going ... and why am I in this handbasket . 
is now done with school . If people want to see me again , send me a message . I miss my friends . :) Now off to help the mom-in-law as a mothers day gift . Happy Mother's day to all my mom friends . :) ( and my own moms ) 
is having a blast at Disneyland ! 
I am giving some things away . Anyone local want a sewing machine ( brothers brand , works fine , just have a newer one I use ) . First to repond gets it . 
tard-ass is the word of the evening 
saw her company logo shaping up today ... hopes it will be finalized by the end of week . 
is planning on making Lonely Mountain in July . Who else is going ? I miss my SCA friends . 
is realizing how much writing and foot work she needs to do to get her business set up . * head desk * No prob , I got da skilz ... but I wish i could wave the magic wand and it would all be done . I want to sew NOW ! 
Just a heads up , from here on out , if any of you call me , and I don't already have you're number , I won't be answer my phone ( unless its a 505 area code ) . Please leave a voicemail . In the last two weeks I have had a debt collection agency trying harrassing me about a debt that I don't owe . So I have good reason to stop answering incoming calls right now . Today they called 8 am local time . Completely illegal . 
for my DFW friends , just letting you all know I am going to be in the area from July 9th to 12th . 
is chilling as best she can . 
still awake but finally managed to get some work done today :D . Hope to sleep soon . 
two words ... Masquerade Ball . Now I have to locate a box to < PROPFEMALE > my mask in on the plane . I will be really upset if it were to get damanged . 
Is in < PROPFIRST > now . 
is not liking sleeping alone away from home . 
got her diploma in the mail today ... making her formally done with her BA . 
is back home , and thinks her small bathroom maybe completed by this weekend . Thank goodness . :) 
is trying to install a new facet for her new sink in her new bathroom ... instructions are easy enough , but too many weird labels on the pictures . :P 
used to enjoy watching the Food network cake challenges , but < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has become such a huge B ! TCH that she makes < PROPMALE > Cowell look friendly . I can't watch the show now without wanting to beat her with a bat . Her comments are non-constructive , and are just mean and spiteful for the sake of being mean , and primarily are aimed at intimidating the new comers into quitting . 
On a more positive note ... I finally got my business and creative software installed on my computer , AND even got a new Wacom Intuos 4 > ) , playing with that today . 
wants her food to get here faster ... so hungry , too hot to cook . 
is hittin the gym soon . 
Is anyone interested in going to see the Celtic band BarleyJuice at Zoo Music Friday ? 
gym time again . :) ( btw lost nearly 10lbs since graduation in May ... ) 
Some people get butterflies , but i've got bees , great big angry bees with razor blade stingers . 
needs to watch more mindless stuff ... like Invader Zim . ( seriously too much brain time ) 
bacon donut things are so distractingly yummy ... 
Went to st. < PROPFIRST > this evening for some Wonderland themed tasty goodness . 
suffered revenge of the tasty bacon doughnut thing .... so tasty it killed me . 
I was walking along and the universe decided to do what it does , and give me a message .. I looked on the ground and there it was \Don't worry . Everything is going to be awesome . \ " I said ... \ " You lie ! \ " :p just that kind of mood . " 
got herself Dremel ... now to cause some havok .... 
is a < PROPMALE > worried with the cutting blade on the 7.5 v dremel that it reminds her of the autopsy saws she sees in the CSI shows .... off to cut backerboard . 
is almost done with the small bath and can start moving stuff into it tonight ... then time to gut the bigger one ! 
I am so glad I am nearly done with the hall bath . I think I only need the door transition down and the back splash . For now I have started to pack up the master bath and move the necessities to the hall . 
is going to get her voltaire style ear point peircings today ... after wafling over getting them for the last .. oh 5 yrs or so . 
blood red hair , check . Ear points ... coming right up . > ) = 
I think I know why I have been so miserable , I wasn't being me . 
Well that didn't work . My hair was so dark to begin with , that it only glows red in the outside light * pout * . Didn't get to get my ears done either ... if I can work the courage up again tomorrow I can get < PROPMALE > to do them , and get a discount :P ( unexpected closure today ) . 
is fully aware she is off the deep end :P ... I can't sleep when the < PROPFEMALE > makes the sky so bright . 
now the fun part begins ... trying to find a way to sleep with these points fresh . OW > .. maybe i'll try half-siting up using pillows . 
AWWWW but I dun wanna be replaced ! 
mumbles about blood suckin vampires ... err nurses , missing veins and bruises . buggy week . 
has a headache that her cat is making worse by screaming at her . 
my headache is finally going away , so now doing businessy stuff . 
got her paperwork together to send to MileHiCon for space in the < PROPMALE > room . Yay ! Also speaking with the < PROPMALE > coordinator for PPD , and hope to have at least one piece there . Still planning on having work at Bubonicon ( space permitting ) . 
will start the demolition soon .... 
muahahah < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are ripping apart the bathroom , 2 hours and its nearly done . Then to hit lowes for drywall mud , and backer board . 
WOOT ! bathroom gutted . Just need to do a couple small things , like spray killz on a moldy area near tub which seems solid enough otherwise , and do some wall patching . 
P.S. damn I iz < PROPMALE > ard . 
has more work to do on the new bath today .... and will post pictures later , of the ' process ' . 
Construction time .... is happening slower than anticipated . Poo on having to move furniture and remove blinds for tomorrow , but YAY on brand new , way better windows . Tired of listening to the current ones whistle at the AC . 
has the crew here replacing windows , and the cats underfoot going \what are they doing to our home ? and why are they so noisy ? \"" 
well the windows are going by pretty fast , and I finished that contract piece , just waiting for some feedback to see if it needs to be tweaked . Now I feel kind of like ... well bleh now what . Heh , no wonder I tend to have a billion projects going at once . Its a nice day outside , maybe I'll go for a walk . 
is still tired ... even after 8 hours of sleep . * yawn * 
thinks this could end up being a long day , but is happy that the response to the project from yesterday was \slide 9 rocks ! \ " as opposed to change XYZ and M G & B while your at it . :P Love getting shit right the first time . " 
Only a slight duplication , just letting people know I am taking orders for Fall costumes , those through end of October ( read Halloween ) , but they do not have to be for Halloween specifically . I can do pretty much anything you want : Cosplay , Camarilla , SCA , Steampunk , other period , movie replication etc . Contact me via FB for now . 
likes the idea of Boycotting BP ... cept she would like to SELL HER SHARES first . > / ( inheritance we were about to get rid of 2 weeks prior to this shit happening ) 
anyone interested in checking out the Hard Rock Casino with me this afternoon ? 
Work room painted , yay ! Backboard almost down , yay !... need a damn nap * yawn * 
ok , i call it quits ..... * sigh * pick back up tomorrow . 
had a good nights sleep last nite , only to spend the entire day working on her workshop . Now has shelves , and a real table , just need to organize everything else . 
well the vanities are in , groceries bought , supper made , time to maybe have some fun ? 
time for the gym ... time to work out ... time for a nap ? 
just finished reading the Skinny Bitch diet book . I want to let you know , don't bother reading it unless you are already a supporter of PETA or vegan or planning on going vegan . They are seriously hit and miss on their accuracy and its another PETA support/propaganda book . I am more annoyed by the fact that it avoids telling its reader this on the cover , its only listed as diet/health , not diet/vegetarian even . 
is down to 220 , meaning i've lost 12 pounds . WOOT ... and quite a few inches .. time to try on some clothes that were too tight and see if they fit me again . > ) 
finally found out where \why is there bacon in the soap ? I made it\ " came from ... derp . " 
just finished watching 4 movies back to back and worked on some of her fiction writing . 
Elsewhere watching yet another movie . 
I think im allergic to this planet 
had O'neills for supper , and is now attempting to reclaim part of the master bath for use ... * fights with mirrors and hutches * 
found a batch of dolls to give goth and < PROPFEMALE > makeovers too .... and then I will sell em . Eventually . 
oh my personal quote of the day \Jobs om nom nom your soul ... " 
found something that tastes like dole whip . YUM ! 
woke up kind of sick today ... is not happy about this . I should be ok for Reefer Madness tonight , but just feel seriously blech . Taking something and going back to bed for a bit . 
is disappointed in general . :P BAD doggie , no biscuit for you . 
wonders why there is a never ending pile of \to do \"...." 
says \Polarization will bring you nuttin but pain .... now squeak . \"" 
being judgmental will get you zapped .... * shock * 
i feel physically confined by the amount of junk I own ... and the construction stuff laying everywhere . No wonder I feel like knocking things over today 
I'm up today , fed , and looking forward to hitting the gym . Which beats last week , where all I wanted to do was hide in bed . 
is feeling rabid , maybe i'll eat butter and cut boards 
made her first sales this weekend . :D 
I may have a meltdown over my house ... tonight while playing Wow ... I heard a crash , thought our cat knocked something over . Didn't find it . Went into our room , turns out the top clothing rack ripped loose from the wall ... GARRRRRRG ! I mean anchors came ripping outta the wall . Ok sure , easy to fix , and will have to < PROPFEMALE > a new one , with extra supports at a slightly different level . 
has bathroom lights , and they seem to work correctly . WOOT !... still so much left to do today . :( bad to-do list , need a to-done list . 
has the new closet stuff in place , and started putting some of his stuff back , but thinks she will make him do it , since he is the one who broke it :P 
has most of the closet stuff back in the closet . She got < PROPFIRST > to get rid of stuff he doesn't wear , and got rid of some of her items that she has had that are a < PROPMALE > too connected to various past relationships . Feels good to let go of stuff like that . Probably should have long before now :P ... but now I got better stuff that is more representative of ME , so it makes it easier . :D 
is exhausted . There is now tile in the master bath .... no grout yet . and the toilet is still in the tub ... bah humbug . 
is glad the floors done . 
is going to speak to a designer Friday about her logo . I think I have been too close to it , and while I have an idea about it , I am just stuck . SUCK ! 
is finishing her bathroom today ... she hopes . 
Ok so maybe not done done today , but looks like quite a bit closer to done . Now have a toilet , and baseboard is in , and a new shower head . Still need to clean out the shower . Mmmm fresh shower/bath . Maybe after supper I will < PROPFEMALE > the curtain and the stained glass dragon . The counter is getting adjusted in a couple weeks and then I can put up the back splash finally . 
thinks she has been watching too much Mythbusters when she suddenly bursts out while watching a tv show \OMG that is impossible and there was no reason for that car to blow up ... \"" 
should be tired , should go to bed ... but also kinda can't sleep , whata suck ! 
thinks some people are seriously lame ... thank goodness I surround myself with the ones I like lol . 
What do I want ? Frankly , hell if I know :P . 
is tired of long pauses . Say what you are thinking already . 
OMG , made my first online print sale . * feels faint * . 
I should be sewing , I want a nap instead .... * drinks more caffeine * 
hates herding cats . 
sew sew sew ! I love sewing , but i am pooped . Game time maybe ? No back to sewing . So close . 
got up earlier today . It maybe cause I have a purpose for now again , finish costumes , mat-boarding more of my own < PROPMALE > to sell at Mile Hi , and doing costumes for White Christmas . At least the illustration projects I was hired to do is done ( thought I was gonna rip my hair out towards the end ) . 
I am not completely < PROPMALE > when it comes to computer work . Transfered my current computer to another case ( grr took all evening ) , and just added a 1T drive ... of course now I get the long ass wait for it to do the format thing . The new case has a ton of fans heh . should resolve heating and video issues ... once I install the new vid card and sound card as well . 
I think I need a break from my sewing machine ... the spool of black I have been sewing with is acting weird , but then again its also almost empty so maybe that has something to do with it . 
is in < PROPMALE > and has < PROPMALE > work in the < PROPMALE > Room at Mile Hi Con . 
Prefers ppl who have a sense of body and spatial awareness ... and personal space . Step away from da grump . 
Made it home . Then supper with family and a mad dash costume fitting ... and tired . 
Ok , let me try this again . Mile Hi went great . Avistrum was awesome . I sold 2 < PROPMALE > pieces . Drove home with some kind of wind/front thing ( PITA ) . Dropped < PROPFIRST > off , went to the in-laws for supper , lots of food and wine . Did a fast costuming fitting for both outfits , got lots of ooohs and awwws . Both look awesome . Very tired now . Calling it a day I think . 
Hey frontierville friends , go visit my profile/wall and click through the things I need . I don't think they are posting to my main feed . If you need something let me know as well . 
is so damn tired of \snot nose brats\ " of all ages . * sighs tiredly * " 
is finally learning Illustrator . 
is really tired for some reason , sure I did some house cleaning , but not enough to be this wiped . :/ Didn't even make my evening walk . 
why do I feel like I got my eyes punched ... and oh why did I eat so much at supper .. and oh why ... oh never mind ... maybe I should go to bed . :P 
On the road . 
In sweewater for the . nite 
On to < PROPFIRST > for a funeral today . 
Made it back home . I was gonna tell folks I was back in Sweetwater briefly last nite , and stayed with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
I don't think my day is done yet ... though that was a long drive . 
Out i go again . 
I ran some errands and it looks like I can have a nice quiet rest of the day home today . thank goodness . 
If\ 
you have a husband who is your best friend , who works hard , has been \ 
with you through thick and thin and whom you are PROUD to be married to \ 
and ? very much then copy and paste this with the date you were married . May 5 , 2007 
I finished the desserts for tomorrow , pumpkin angel food cakes and a lower cal Pumpkin pie . 
I am feeling very frustrated today between the cat and the TV ( hurry up guy from the cable company ... ) 
So cable guy came and went yesterday , and I have clear TV signal again ! ... after a year and a half of it being fuzzy as heck due to the cable switch overs . Stupid tech catch up . 
not to sound whiney , but I just am not feeling in the xmas spirit ... or the yule which I do celebrate . Not sure why I am feeling so bleh about the whole deal . No tree , no decorations up , and seriously postponed wrapping gifts , which I left up to < PROPFIRST > to get ( scary so don't blame me for most of them ) . 
its way too dang cold brrrrrr ! 
I managed to get the trim ( baseboards and door frames ) painted in the hall and stairwell ( banister and handrail too ) . Still need to do the doors , but need to figure out how to keep the kitties out of places they don't need to go . Next to paint the walls . Right now the polar white stands out majorly against the old yellowish sand color ( came with the house ) . New color , Tangerine Dream . 
has a plan cooking .... yes I do .. muahaha . 
made it to the gym today , lifted weights . Feel less stir crazy now . 
got a ton of the house painting done ... now I am wiped . 
a little more than 2 weeks to disney world . 
Can anyone recommend a photographer for a professional photo ? Sort of similar to a headshot , but not used to get acting gigs . 
Ug . Ok finished the last few detail bits of the office . Must complete the stairwell tomorrow . Too much to do . 
Well this sux , the thumb drive I had my schoolwork/portfolio stuff on crapped out . I think I lost 3 semesters worth of stuff . Found this out tonight when I was going to back them up onto the CD finally . At least I salvaged my Thesis paper and work . 
Making a test post from tweetdeck 
Ooh lots of free and cool craft projects ( sew-free.com ) ... funny how I am already thinking of ways to gothify most of these . 
Omg just got a little haunted mansion tour and to manhandle a costume !!! 
Wandered into ground zero of the wishing fireworks show . Awesome view . 
Chocolate + chicken = mole pablano = YUM !!! 
Its been fun ... but so glad to leave behind the crowds ... and get back to my own bed . 
Got the ceiling in my bedroom painted , but dreading having to move the furniture in there to get the walls done . :( 
stupid meds making me a morning person .... * sigh * 
I have a rat shaped hole in my heart . My little < PROPFEMALE > girl is gone . :( 
Nothing like coming home to a purple penguin in the mailbox !.. from Japan at that . 
I am feeling rather blah and off today . Maybe it is cause I don't want to be finishing painting my bedroom and staining book cases , but would rather either be sewing or playing Sims Medieval 
I am sewing sewing sewing all the day long .... but can't wait to see the outcome . 
