is back home now . WOOOOOOOO TOMORROW LINGLING . 

. If there's grass on the playing field , play ball . If not , flip ' em over and play in the mudd . Gross . 
now knows JUPITER ISN'T IN THE SOLAR SYSTEM . < PROPFEMALE > is so smart . 
is breaking the hearts that wouldn't bend . 
is closing the doors you use to listen through . 
is BLAH 
is watching < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > d N < PROPMALE > dy . Wooooooo 
The safety for Toxic Chemical Loaded Munition is : Must observe from 400 meters away , and clear a 2000ft downwind space . 
just got nervous about going to UXO tech 1 school in September . It's only a month long , but it's in Texas , so I'll be far from home . =( 
Salam . Chitori ? 
HOLA HOLA HOLA HOLA HOLA HOLA HOLA HOLA HOLA HOLA HOLA HOLA 
is going to redecorate her sitting room . Maybe Tuesday . Sweet . 
saw that Titanic was on TV , so she turned it to the channel . But come to find out , it was the spanish channel and the movie was voiced over in spanish . So I ended up going to WalMart to buy it , because I really really wanted to watch it . So I'm watching T 
shouldn't have watched Titanic . I miss my husband now . Oh well , he just left today and he'll be back Wednesday . I'll get over it . 
Just cleaned the house . Found out I might already have a UXO job lined up . Wooooo . Keep your fingers crossed for me . Now , I'm off to study the color-coded marks on bombs and what they mean . 
just picked up an icecream birthday cake for her husband . =) 
when I tell you to dump a body in the marsh , you dump him IN THE MARSH . Not where some guy from < PROPFIRST > Hancock goes every thursday TO GET A FUCKIN BLOW JOB . 
played beer pong with Kazakhstan Diplomats last night . 
sucked at darts last night and she doesn't know why . =( 
will fight , but not out of spite . Because someone must stand up for what's right . 
loves her neighbors . I swear my neighborhood is better than Spooner St. =) 
wants to go to the < PROPFEMALE > . And she wants a < PROPFIRST > SENTRIA VACUUM PLEASE . Thank you . 
LIFE is so much bigger than you are . Get over it . 
< PROPFIRST > Winslow is trying to arrest his brother !!! OH NOOOO . I'm watching Family Matters . 
thinks that ship has too many seamen on it's poopdeck . 
thinks her husband is the sweetest man in the world .... when he wants to be . 
is going camping today on the mountains . =( 
is in the Den practicing her darts . 
is once again , going to practice her darts . Kiss Kiss ! 
REALLY WANTS A BLACK SHEEP ON FARMVILLE . Hook me up please . 
is heaving ships to sail away . 
' s dog is in heat . Guess who's going to be changing doggy diapers for 5 days ? 
is getting really really excited . 9 more days !! 
is watch your mouth ; because you're slurring your words enough that you might just swallow your tounge . 
can kill a Yak from 200 yards away with MIND BULLETS . 
is leaving for College Station , Texas in 11 hours . Wish me luckkkkkkkkkkkkk . 
is leaving for UXO tech 1 school . =) 
drove 12 hours today . I'm now resting in Sonora Texas for the night at a Best Western . Only 5 hours and 17 minutes to go tomorrow until I get to my apartment ! Wooooo . 
is at her apartment in Texas . It's nice ! 24 hour fitness center , HUGE pool , 24 hour game room and 24 hour computer lab w/ study rooms . And it has a lounge area . It's awesome ! But I'm missing my husband and friends back home in Ariiiiiiizonaaaa . 
can't get ahold of any one to tell me when the DAMN HAZWOPER is tomorrow . I'm getting really mad . 
is looking forward to UXO class tomorrow ...... 
had her first day of UXO today .... SO STRESSFUL !!! Just got home from the gym , about to take a shower then STUDY STUDY STUDY , then MAYBE dinner . 
has learned how to properly identify ( and all the ID features ) of : Hand grenades , rifle grenades , projected grenades , all submunitions , all landmines ( AT , APERS , MIZNAY-SHARDIN , ect ) and all projectiles . I can also correctly identify all fuze types , and how they work . AND I can give you the safeties for EVERYTHING I just said . OH an 96 on my first test , woo wooo . ( This is only the first week , 3 more to go ) 
is study study study . 
made a 96 on her Odinance ID test . =) 
ignited her first Time Fuze today with a Pull-Friction ignitiator . Fun Fun Fun =) Demo , here I come . 
Blew shit up today and yesterday . =) MADE A 100 ON MY NON-ELECTRIC DETONATION PROCEDURE TEST . Electric procedure test on Friday . That one's going to be tricky . 
passed her final with a 100 ( which means a 96.8 overall average ) and won the lottery in one day . Sweet . 
quotes \The only true wisdom is knowing you know NOTHING \"" 
is I NEED A JOB . Well , it's back to the street corner for me . =) 
is gone to do her 4 mile walk . I'll end up doing it again tonight . 8 < PROPMALE > in one day , sweet . 
is bored and wishes she had friends within 400 < PROPMALE > of her . 
got yelled at because it's a STEER , not a cow . Because that's a very IMPORTANT piece of knowledge . 
is going to Cabella's then to the range to shoot her Glock and M-4 . 
is FINALLY going to the range to shoot . 
is going on her 4 mile walk . 
NEEDS MORE LOTTERY TICKETS . 
got second place in the Texas Hold ' em game last night . Woo hoo . 
always developes stomach problems when she hosts dinner parties and doesn't know why . It's really starting to get annoying . 
says the couch is looking more and more comfy as the night goes by . 
is going to Texas on Tuesday . 
would divorce her husband for a < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > Wilde . 
nous allons trouver une solution 
Mais d'autre part personne cherche une solution 
is in a big Texas Hold'em game tonight . Wish me luck . 
got 3rd out of 8 . Not bad . 
is still pissed she lost her two 2's with an ace high , to two 9's . Only had like 3 dollars in chips , so I went all in . Shouldn't have listened to anyone . 
got 2nd out of 10 tonight in Texas Hold'em . Only time I bought in was the initial buy in . And I profited 9 dollars all together . Tonight was a good night . 
is about to do some < PROPMALE > house cleaning . 
has a job in South < PROPFEMALE > in November . UXO , here I come !!!! 
will keep her guns , freedom and money . You can keep the \Change \"." 
is headed to Lompoc California for a few days , and I'm going to Monterey to see what all the fuss is about . 
is GO PHILLIES . I'm also not looking forward to the drive through LA tomorrow . Way too much traffic . 
6 - 1 for game 1 ? HELL YEAH . 
is taking children trick-or-treating tonight with neigbors . 
got 3 ACES in 2 DIFFERENT hands tonight . Got to love Hold'em . 
has a long list of cleaning tomorrow and I can't wait . =) 
has to draw you ..... 
haha , propane . 
is packing for Cali . I'll be living 15 minutes from the ocean , who's complaining ?! 
Spent yesterday walking on uninhabited beaches with not another person in site . So beautiful here . 
it was way too cold to go to the beach today . 
had a fun time at the beach today . 
rescued a seagull-type bird at the beach yesterday with some friends . It had a completely broken wing and kept biting the Aussie . 
is watching a documentary on JFK . 
doesn't believe in signs anymore . 
WHO'S SOULJA BOI ?!?!?!?!?!?!!?!??!!?!?? 
has been married a year today . 49 to go . 
Just watched a MISSLE launch from less than a mile away . SOOO LOUD . 
is thinking about going to buy The Sims 3 today . 
My back is effing killing me . 
is thankful she changed from TMOBILE 2 weeks ago , because I guess it went down today in Alabama . Ha !!! 
will officially be in Huntsville the night of the 30th . So New Years < PROPFEMALE > . Is there anywhere I should attend for this occasion ? 
Ding fries are done , Ding fries are done . 
9 more days Ville . And my poor little < PROPFIRST > is sick =( She was snoring all night and running a fever . My poor baby . 
think some people are just so damn stupid . 
Did I say that I need you ? Did I say that I want you ? If I did , I'm a fool . 
is all that we see or seem , but a dream within a dream ? 
ugh . Things I'm doing in order : Packing Apartment ; Driving 8 hours home to Phoenix ; Leaving Christmas night for a 22 hour drive to St. < PROPFIRST > ; 7 hour drive to Huntsville on the 30th ; 7 hour drive to Columbia S.C. on the 4th . 
is staying up late so I can sleep in late so I can stay up late tomorrow night while we're driving . Wooooo . I'm fucking STARVING . 
My plan to sleep in late didn't work to well . I'm getting everything ready for the 22 hour drive today . Leaving in maybe 2 hours . Oh yeah , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and what-not . 
The loft is ALMOST done !! Yaaaaaay . Heading back to El Paso tomorrow . 
first day of work is tomorrow . It's going to be an early morning . And I miss my husband . 
can't seem to wake up this morning !! I'm STARVINGGGGG 
has spent the last 2 and a half hours making sense of this live landmine fuze we found today . I have to host a briefing on it in the morning . I think I finally have it down . 
I smelled a spoon in your bathroom because I'm sexy and do what I want . 
is ready to go 
that tractor can't get across Crocodile Lake !!!!! 
is OMG bored . 
In the War of 1812 , Osama Bin Laden declared Jihad on the West Coast and killed Tupac . In retaliation , we tried to killed the Notorious Suddam Hossein , but ended up killing the Notorious Biggie Smalls . True Story . 
Walt Whitman is over 3,000 years old and 90 stories tall . With his blue Ox named < PROPFEMALE > Dickenson , he traveled across < PROPFEMALE > to form it into what it is today . He dropped his angry ax to form the Grand Canyon and the stomp of his mighty boot caused the Stock Market to crash . Him and his friend , Huck Fin , traveled down the Mississippi and freed all of the slaves . He died a lonely man in Walt Disney World . TRUE STORY 
has a masterplan that isn't working . 
thinks Solham is going to have a blast pulling the weeds in my lawn today . 
is now a woman . 
Watch Out For Falling Nuts !!!! 
has realized that all marriage is , is a one night stand gone horribly wrong . 
absolutely LOVES Bare Minerals . 
Is studying her coaching handbook for . 22 firearms . I coach my first group Tuesday ! Wooohooo 
Is getting her hair dyed at 2pm in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . It's time to go dark again ! Blondes are dumb anyways . EXCEPT FOR YOU BFF JOSHHHHHHHHH 
Back home in phx , sitting in a Home Depot parking lot waiting for roadside assistance . Seeing as how I have no other friends to call for help . Depressing . 
is going to the Diamondbacks vs Pittsburg MLB game this Saturday . Seats 15 rows behind the dugout ? Hell Yes . 
Would totally KILL for a SUGAR GLIDER !!! They're soooo cute !!! But I can't have one . I wish I knew someone with one so I could play with it . :( 
it's sooooooooo late . 
Is sitting at the airport ... bored . My Texas Holdem game on my phone isn't working . 
loves Pride and Prejudice . It doesn't matter how many times I've watched the movie , I'll still always get sad . 
wishes she had grandparents to tell her stupid stories that I would just roll my eyes to 
has adopted a BEAUTIFUL schnauzer/dachshund/poodle mix from the Animal Shelter . I get to pick her up tomorrow . Her name is going to be < PROPFEMALE > . I'm super super excited . =) 
She's running around wagging her tail now . =) And wow she has a HUGE appetite . 
NCIS use to come on ALL THE TIME . WTF HAPPENED ?!?!?!?!?!? I miss it . 
Took Bailey-Jo to the vet , everything looks fine ! She has some allergies but the Dr. Told me children Benedryl will fix it . She's such a good doggy ! 
S-S-S-S-S-S-SUBBBBWAAAAAAYYYYY for lunch ? Yes please . 
is coaching a . 22 firearms class tonight , then it's off to Cali again . I'll get there around 6 or 7 am . Sweet . 
Dear California drivers , I absolutely love it when you stay in my blind spot and speed up so I can't pass . It turns me on . So please , keep doing so . 
Everyone knows that if a gay Republican comes out of the closet and sees his shadow , that means 6 more years of a Democratic Administration . 
says that Meatball sub really hit the spot . Now it's time to play more Scrabble . < PROPFIRST > WILL NOT beat me again =) 
thinks the death sentence should be issued for less violent crimes . I believe that even murdering one person ( depending on the circumstances ) should be tried for death . A life for a life . 
Is the official Scrabble < PROPFEMALE > . Tie breaker score : 273 me , 192 < PROPFIRST > . Hoyeah !! 
is oh so very bored . Both the doggy's are at the groomers . I don't know what to do with this free time . 
is ohemgee tired . Ugh . 
thinks she is going to go to the beach for a little bit today . Nothing better to do . 
Picnic on the beach ? Yes please . I'm on my way . 
is bored , lonely , and has a HUGE sweet tooth . 
Well the dogs are wrestling on the couch . They're wearing themselves OUT . Good news for me . Maybe now < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > will sleep past 4/5am . 
Hold me til I die -- See you on the other side 
finally moving ! Yay no more climbing stairs !! Or having to park a mile away from the apartment ! 
Is at the dog park with her babies . 
\There was a man who cried because he had no shoes . Then he met a man who had no feet \"" 
is watching RiceBowl for the day . < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and RiceBowl are being bad bad babies . 
has 3 wet , pissed off doggies . 
Brought to you courtesy ... Of the Red , White and Blue . 
really sees you upside down . 
thinks some people should just kill themselves . It would be the best for everyone . 
is leaving for Phoenix in an hour . Looooong drive . 
got this outfit from your mother . 
forgot to mention how nice it is to be home . I didn't realize how much I missed our house !! The dogs missed the space , too . 
has been pulling weeds like crazy in the yard . Me and Solham are going to Lowes now and buying some stuff to make my front yard prettier !! 
it feels great to know I'm not the only one awake at an ungodly hour . I started cleaning , then I couldn't stop ... 
People are crazy !!!!!!!!!! 
Played Soccer with my BFF . 
You think you're so cool because you can pee with your penis . 
makes these bitches crawl . 
Likes her women a little on the trashy side . 
has been up since 2:30 am , after going to bed at 11pm . Sleep is coming very very very soon . 
Bertolli's Chicken Parmigiana for dinner , with a Fuzzy Naval to drink . Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes . 
Oh my my , oh hell yes . < PROPFEMALE > put on that party dress . 
Just got done watching Shutter Island with < PROPFIRST > . Pretty fucked up movie . Now we're about to leave to see Shrek Forever After !!!! Woooooooo . 
South < PROPFEMALE > , I'll see you in a week !!! 
was up at 5:30 . Taking < PROPFIRST > to the Armory , then maybe to the range a little later today . 
is feeling great today . Drinking some coffee , then it's off to the Gun Range to put in some hours ! 
got her haircut . I really really like it . 
Thanks Everyone !! 
Lol , once again , Thanks everyone !! I have to do a mass Thank You or else it would take forever !!! 
Is still not a fan of Vodka . 
flies out in the morning for South < PROPFEMALE > . Too bad my plane is going to crash and burn . 
just got done packing up the dogs stuff . I'm going to miss them this week !!!! 
just dropped the dogs off at the nicenicenice lady's house who's going to watch them for the week . =( I miss them already !!!!! 
I was 30 minutes late waking up , and with a lot of fuckups along the way , I made it to my terminal with no time to spare . 
just got to my hotel in Columbia , SC . IT'S SO FUCKING HOT . I DO NOT miss this humidity !!!!!!!!!! 
This coffee tastes like mudd water . 
misses < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . =( At least I'm getting a good tan . 
says South < PROPFEMALE > is hereby banned from the United States for being so fucking hot . 
was up at 4am . I might go grab a hooker or something . Love is like the ozone layer . 
Just got a casual \War Eagle\ " while in line at Mcdonalds . That hasn't happened in a while and I miss it . " 
is ... sooooo bored . No car , and no one I know except for the front desk people who are very very nice . Only 4 more days and I get to see my babies . Oh , and < PROPFIRST > . Hahahah 
OMG I WANT A MEATBALL SUB ! 
Really wants a Shark Navigator !!! Just saw an Infomercial for one . Too bad it's really expensive . 
woke up sickkkkk . Ugggghhhhhh not today please !!!! 
Twilight is gay . I'm tired of seeing all the damn posts on it . I'll start doing it too . OMG I WATCHED THE WEDDING SINGER YESTERDAY . IT WAS SOOOOOO AWESOME . 
mama ...... mama I'm coming hoooooooooooooooooooome . 
is soooo excited she gets to sleep in her own bed tonight . 
Had an awesome nights sleep . But woke up thin < PROPMALE > she was in her < PROPMALE > size bed at home and almost smacked < PROPFIRST > in the face . I dodged a bullet there people . 
Hanging out with the COOLEST women to enter the U.S. We are NOT eating icecream . 
it's Wednesday ! 
knows your mother very intimately . 
loves the new Old Spice commercial . SWAN DIVE ! 
Is going on a date tonight with a very handsome fella . 
has some good friends over tonight . Drinking games ? Yes . 
Fucking . Awesome . Night . We'll be President next time Stace !!!!! 
has had an awesome day . Went for a walk on the beach with < PROPFIRST > , ate a wonderful dinner , now just relaxing with some NCIS . 
Is in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > with the coolest person in the world . BFF dayyyyy !!!! 
7 hours of Psych , and 9 hours of NCIS today on USA . Fuck yeah . 
Just realized she has Hey < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and Rugrats On Demand in the Nickolodeon ; NickReWind section . Guess what I'm doing most of the day tomorrow ?!?! 
Is going to the beach . It's too nice out to NOT go anywhere . Stace , saddle up . 
Round 1 of me and stace trying to fish off the pier . 
Had an AWESOME day . Now I'm watching a Rocket Competition on TV with < PROPFIRST > . Then beeeedtime . Long/exciting/awesome day instore for tomorrow . 
Party at my house . Heyyyy 
Had an awesome night . Beach today with the dogs ( counting < PROPFIRST > ) then maybe bowling later . 
Is getting excited about her fishing expedition that's taking place tomorrow . 
\Her early leaf's a flower ; But only so an hour\ " . Is going fishing in T-Minus 49 minutes and 28 seconds . SADDLE UP STACE . " 
' The reason is : no one likes you . You'll learn . ' I forgot how much I liked Ghost Ship . Awesome movie . 
Fucking cable and internet is out ... AGAIN . Its like the 6th time in 2 weeks . Guess I'll make today a laundry day . 
Is about to witness a hotdog eating contest . And spending time with my future son < PROPFIRST > . Cutest baby . 
Is married to < PROPFEMALE > . She knows how to treat me right . 
is about to play some poker . Then party later . Sweet . 
Going to the casino !! Then I get to babysit little < PROPFIRST > !! 
poor < PROPFEMALE > . Her Allergies are acting up . She has a little rash and she won't stop scratching !! Childrens Benedryl , here we come . 
STUPID GODDAMN MOTHERFUCKIN PIECE OF SHIT COMCAST . That is all . 
Watched Walk Hard with a Kangaroo Wrestler earlier . Took us 493334 years to find it . Dog park later , yaaaaaaaaaaaaaay . 
If you smell something delicious , its not your tailpipe . Its a little bit of shake . And a little bit of bake . Shake and Bake baby . 
loves Italian food , whiskey and Dr Pepper . I don't like sweet potatos , carbonated water or lemon pepper seasoning . I think Religion is an opinion , women are just as big as whores as men and dogs are better than people . I'm Republican and I believe that everybody is Hypocritical . I'm very paranoid and see the worst in people . I hate teenage girls and the fact you can't watch a decent cartoon anymore . You're welcome . 
wants to thank everyone who showed up to < PROPFIRST>'s surprise birthday party !! And I want to thank Stace for helping with everything !!!! AND THANK YOU FOR KEEPING YOUR MOUTHS SHUT :) 
Going shark fishing with great friends . 
Woke up to hearing the gay guy next door having sex . 
Australians give birth in nests high up in trees . 
Driving back to Arizona tonight . Then taking Stace to Tombstone , AZ tomorrow !! 
Having a great fucking time in Tombstone , AZ with Miss Stace !!! 
Packed up some of the little things in the house . Still have a lot more to pack up though . Now on our way back to California . 
Good for < PROPFIRST > Slater . 
Just ate some AWESOME pea soup from the world famous Andersons Pea Soup Restraunt . 
Happy Ramadan . I'm honestly tring Saym , but I still have to drink water and smoke . But hey , I'm wingin it . 
got her Offer Letter yesterday . I leave in 2 days ( Sunday ) for the < PROPFEMALE > Army Depot . Be back on October 29 . 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > . We've got clearance , Clerance . What's our vector , < PROPFIRST > ?? 
Just beat the Police Trainer video game at Pizza Garden . Fuck to the Yeah . 
Just went to the La Purisima Mission with Mikey , < PROPFIRST > and Stace . Now off to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > for some BBQ ! 
Just bought the most beautiful knife . I swear I got wet the moment I saw it . 
Made it to Susanville ! Work starts tomorrow . 
No one will ever completely understand Sweet Lady Propane . 
Is working 5 days a week , 10 hours a day . Which is awesome . Buts its actually 12 hours a day , we're just not getting paid drive time . Booo . Missing home already 
There are dust storms everywhere today . Can't hear shit while I'm working . 
Shot the < PROPFEMALE > valence . 
Didn't do shit at work today . Damn ATVs keep getting flats . Tomorrow hopefully I'll work my ass off !! 
Used to love her , but I had to kill her . 
Is in Reno , NV . Wooooo . 
You keep the sunshine , I'll take the rain . 
Got to the cabin last night in the mountains . Will be here until Sunday . No signal , so the phone will be off . 
Is loving life right now . 
Doesn't want to wake up . 
Thinks 90's music is the fucking best there is . Hell to the Yeah . 
\I goosed a sombrero yesterday\ " - < PROPFIRST > " 
Is back in Lompoc , Ca . It was a fun job , and I'm sad it ended . I worked with some great characters . 
Going to Vegas today . I'm still soooooo sick though . Uggggghhh . 
Vegas hasn't changed a bit . Wedding , then God knows what , then BOOOOOOOBIES !!!!! 
wonders what you're going to do with all that junk inside your trunk . 
Its days like this that make it SUCK to have no AC . 
Has been asleep pretty much all day . Its awesome . 
The fact that you would give a woman credit for anything , shows you're a liberal . 
Bought The Tudors Season III and < PROPMALE > Season 1 . Its going to be an awesome uneventful day . 
Congrats to Halladay for joining Larson in the Big Leagues . 
Likes having sex with chicks . 
likes her Orange Juice how she likes her men , Ice Cold . 
leaves for Texas in 2 days . Hopefully the job will go the full 6 months . I like money . 
Is on her way to Texas . 
Who would think that this would be the ONE time that dumping piss on your head wouldn't work in your favor . 
Just rented Dispicable Me on my TV . Taco < PROPFEMALE > and a movie ? CHECK . 
15 people have died in Juarez since I've been in El Paso . Which has only been exactly a week . 
Will teach you how to be a bomb technician . Everybody get a hammer and a screwdriver and follow me . 
Thinks a certain person is a moron . And he/she needs to be cut . ( I'm being politically correct ) . 
Is like a human , only better . 
Got her hotel room upgraded for free to a suite with a seperate living room , bedroom and bathroom . Also bought my first MP3 player today , I'm catching up world ! 
After reading everyones status ' , I've come to the conclusion that people are morons and shouldn't speak . 
Is the Juggernaut , BITCH . 
Thinks today is going to suck . Its soooooo < PROPFEMALE > . 
Can't stick her penis in your childhood dreams or life goals . Knock knock . Who's there ? Its me ; wondering why you're not naked . 
Is thankful for hookers and cocaine . 
Spent too much money today . 
Just a heads up , I WILL NOT be coming to Huntsville for Christmas . Sorry . 
Soooo it started snowing at work today and got sooooo cold . I'm not looking forward to tomorrow . 
Its 16 degrees in White Sands , NM . Send warm thoughts . 
Is semi-glad she won't be home when the big Auburn game happens , because my house is down the street from where it will be in Glendale and I hate traffic . 
Is sooooooo tired . I can't wait for my Christmas vacation . 
Is at the doctors . Hopefully they'll amputate my finger . Then ( so I don't miss overtime ) I shall drive myself to work . 
Can't wait to get home . I'm redecorating the house and finally fixing up and decorating the loft upstairs . Sooooo much fun . 
Excuse me while I roll over and die . Should only take a second . 
Just realized how much she loves her sister ! 
All of your problems can be solved by my penis . 
3 more days until I can go home . I actually miss Phoenix .... somewhat . 
Is at home in Phoenix with the christmas tree up , house semi-clean , and getting ready to watch the most AWESOME movie ever . 
Its a Makers < PROPFIRST > Christmas . 
Forgot how much she loved indoor rock climbing . 
Is all moved in to her apartment in Texas . My deck overlooks the pool and its at the base of a mountain ! Too bad my ankles are swollen . I hate wearin new boots 
Have you ever heard of Vietnam ? YOU'RE ENTERING A WORLD OF PAIN . 
Got her eyebrow repierced last night and is thinking about putting her lip ring back in . 
Loves < PROPMALE > Burnham . 
You know what turns me on ? Consent . My favorite position is mutual agreement style . 
Hoooooray for a wind chill of -1 degrees tomorrow !! 
So .... its 0 degrees at the work site , with a -18 windchill and ice/snow . PLEASE CALL OFF WORK . I didn't wake up today wanting to die . 
This world has gone from Socrates , to Snooki . 
Bought the final season of The Tudors , and every season of Sex and the City . Its going to be an awesome break . 
Is the expert at one-liners and you have the curve of all curves . 
Gold teeth and the curse of this town , are all in my mouth . 
Just heard a 6 year old girl say to her 6 year old friends \I'm NOT a lesbian ! I'm totally straight\ " . Wow . They know that word already ? " 
is spending her friday night with some frozen yogurt with fresh fruit , and SPICE WORLD . Not to shabby . 
Is watching a man with a sombraro singing in the middle of a boxing ring . Mi gusta sombraros azule . 
How do we determine the fine line between wasting time , and savoring it ? 
IS COMING TO HUNTSVILLE NEXT WEEK . NOW GET OFF MAH BACK . 
can officially run a 10 minute mile and then keep running . Going to try for 8 minute tomorrow . 
Damn you Vandenburg , and your need to send rockets and satellites into space at 2 am . I woke up thinking there was an earthquake . 
4 MORE DAYS < PROPFIRST > Baraty Solaimon Baraty < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Barkley 
is making < PROPFIRST > Marchetti go clothes shopping with her . This will be a BLAST . 
Is about to eat pizza in Chicago . How awesome does it get ? 
Is officially in Huntsville , and going to sleep . 
O . M . F . G 
was told she had pink eye when she woke up . JOKES ON YOUR LINGLING , IT'S CLEARED UP !!!!!!! 
Take whatever you want .... But you leave me my monkey . 
Hates when there's so many rocks in my watch that I can't tell what the time is . 
Leaves for Indiana/Kentucky in the morning . Bye Bama ! 
Is super excited she gets to sleep in until 5am . Ft Bliss ' 4am wake ups were terrible . 
Is going to eat the whore out of you . 
Don't you hate it when you're at work vacuuming out an abandoned warehouse and your vacuum gets clogged , only to find your nozzle sucked up an animal skeleton ? 
