Hoping everyone has a fantastic New Year's Eve !!!! Spending mine with my beautiful girls and the awesome Leehy family in St. < PROPFIRST > !!!! 

I made no resolutions for the New Year . The habit of making plans , of criticizing , sanctioning and molding my life , is too much of a daily event for me 
Getting ready to get back to work !!! 
No more pity party !!! Time to put my dancing shoes on and forget about the past . Can't wait for the Blackhorse party tonight !!! 
Loves getting felt up on !!! 
Play kicked my butt !!! 
All this < PROPFEMALE > is making me nervous !!!! But it would be kinda mean not to let them eat it , huh ? 
Managed to do absolutely nothing today but to stay in her pj's and tend to a fake farm on my computer !! 
Work went rather smoothly today :) 
This weekend has started out so awesome with my little girls . It'll only get better with the Leehy familt tomorrow . And then next weekend , time for the big girls weekend !! Woohoo . Loving my life right now !! 
I don't need no stinking man to do something for me !!! I am so proud of myself that I went to Lowe's , asked the hillbilly for help and proceeded to fix my sink myself . And I made sure my girls saw me do it ! 
Is on my way to a yoga class at the YMCA and < PROPFEMALE > is doing it with me!!It's our first time so wish us luck ! 
If anyone ever tells you that yoga is easy or that it doesn't give your body a run for it's money , THEY ARE LYING !!! My old body is in some serious pain ! 
Is at home , sick . I vow to never eat the Chicken and Sausage Gumbo from work again . It didn't feel good coming up through my nose :( 
I soff to work for a very long shift . Come visit me !!! 
I had a really nice surprise from a couple of regulars at work yesterday and it really made my day . I hope today is just as nice . You see , kissing butt to your customers CAN pay off ! 
a 
Is going to work a long double shift tomorrow so that maybe she buy a little something for her girls during the big sales on Friday !! 
Sometimes you have to lose something to realize that what you were looking for was there the whole time . Happy Thanksgiving to all of you !!! What are you thankful for ? 
Needs to focus on the positive . By the way , can you tell me what the positive is again ? 
So in my mind it was supposed to be a perfect day . Shopping for the girls , taking them to the movies and then the Leehy's . But it never goes as planned and I am beginning to worry that my girls might be the most spoiled girls in the world !!! 
Eating my favorite-Doritos chips and cheese dip !! Yummy !!! But only until weigh-ins for the Blackhorse's Biggest loser . 
Your Ex-Lover is Dead is such a wonderful song , really . 
That was pretty much an awesome game ! 
The lady at the bookstore told me The Piano Teacher was good but I didn't think it was THIS good . Great , another night where I am up until 2 in the morning , reading !! 
A chicken and an egg are lying in bed . The chicken is smoking a cigarette with a satisfied smile on its face and the egg is frowning and looking put out . The egg mutters to no one in particular , \I guess we answered that question . \"" 
What you need to know about the past is that no matter what has happened , it has all worked together to bring you to this very moment . And this is the moment you can choose to make everything new . Right now . 
Have you ever been hurt and the place tries to heal a bit , and you just pull the scar off of it over and over again ? 
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness . Think of your three best friends . If they're okay , then it's you . 
I'm so poor I can't even pay attention 
Relationships are like glass . Sometimes it's better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together . 
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life to be thankful for a good one 
When I die , I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did , in his sleep -- not screaming , like the passengers in his car . 
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this : Decide what you want . 
The secret of staying young is to live honestly , eat slowly , and lie about your age . 
Here I come , ugly sweater party !!!! (Even though my sweater isn't that ugly ! ) 
HAS LOST HER PHONE AGAIN !!!! Where can it be ??? 
Found her phone , haha ! 
I cannot continue to question the decisions that I make . I am not going to change so I may as well just go with it . I am just crossing my fingers that it will pay off in the long run , no matter how long that run takes . 
\The love that lasts the longest is the love that is never returned . ” Why does this have to be so freakin ' true ?! " 
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win you're still a rat . 
How is it that you can go into work in a wonderful mood and come out in a pretty crappy one ? That place has some contagious moods !!! 
Going to freeze my behind off on the walking field trip to the library first . Then the gym to try to make this butt a little more tolerable . Then off to the Blackhorse where I expect to make a million dollars !!! Come and drink the Festivus so I have a < PROPMALE > of meeting that goal !! 
DAMN YOU FESTIVUS !!! DAMN YOU !!!! 
Playing Trivia at the Deli @ 7 . You should come !!! 
Does not want to work tomorrow , especially since she is going in to beg someone not to work !!! I just know I am going to go home empty-handed !!! 
I s cooking enough food for an army but is only feeding myself , an 8 year old and a 4 year old !!! I hope Dusitin and < PROPFEMALE > like leftovers before the game !!! 
So I am working tonight after all !!! iActually looking forward to it ! Lots of people have been extremely generous . 
Is having < PROPFEMALE > help cook dinner for tonight !! (Sniff , Sniff)My baby girl is getting so big . Santa did all he could for these beautiful girls of mine . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of you ! 
I need a partner for tonight's Titans Game . I have an extra ticket for $60 in Sec122 . We are leaving around 3 so give me a call if you want to go !!! (931)237-3677 
Off to the Titans game !!!! YAY !!! Wish me luck in not freezing ! 
Is so ready for the next year to be here ! I am so over 2009 . I cannot believe that my 8 year old received an iPod Touch from < PROPFEMALE > at her dad's house . Maybe she'll get a new car next year ! 
So all these people from The Blackhorse have dates to the Xmas party and once again I am going stag ! WTF !!! 
On our way to St Louis !!! So excited ! 
St. < PROPFIRST > might be a little crazier than Clarksville !!!! And I'm not even at the bar !! 
Still recovering from the party . Going to bed really early !!! 
My poor baby girl is so sick . Last night was horrible , she didn't go to school and I have to go to work . All I want to do is take care of her . 
So < PROPMALE > and I are just getting worse and it sucks . Looks like we are making a trip to the doctor's office tomorrow !!! 
Feels like a total bum since she hasn't left her house all day !!! And then to top it all off , school is cancelled , again , tomorrow !! When do I get to work again ?? 
Yup , definitely settling for less . Oh well , it's fun ! 
So I'm pretty sure I am going back to being a brunette . Tell me what you think . Be honest ! 
Loves change . But only if it comes when I say so !! :) 
Needs a Xanax , or Valium , or hell a beer would work so I won't pull my hair out from these kids fighting all day . I opted for a < PROPFEMALE > Toaster Streudel instead and now I just feel fat and stressed ! WTH ?! 
CANNOT emphasize enough just how much she hates being ignored !! I don't care if it's my mom doing it!!!Don't ignore me ! 
My phone is broken , so if you have tried to contact me , I wasn't ignoring you !!! Should have a phone back by tonight/ 
OMG !!! I just watched My Sister's Keeper and I haven't cried that much in a long time !!! 
Wonders why people are always so worried about my business , who I am seeing , what I am doing . It is none of your business unless I make it so . 
It really sucks knowing that some people will never change even though you try so hard with them . 
Is it Friday yet ? 
Glad to have my girls with me !!! Got some stuff on my mind , but a little more content . 
I wanted to keep sleeping so badly this morning . Instead , I get to go wait tables . Will it ever end ?!!!! 
I am about to lay down with < PROPMALE > Grace and do what we do best !! Cuddle and sleep in mommy's big bed ! 
Had a lot of fun last night . Baby steps , baby steps . 
Have you ever felt so crazy because everything told you something was right ? Well I did a while ago and everybody thought I was !!! But I know it is paying off . Dammit , persistence and < PROPFEMALE > is the key ! 
Is doing absolutely nothing until < PROPFEMALE>'s soccer game later !! Feels good to lay around in my robe ! 
One minute I am sure , the next I'm not . I hate being a woman sometimes ! Someone take me shopping so I can reaffirm that I actually enjoy it most of the time !!! 
It's Monday again :( . Don't have a lot to look forward to except my day off on Wednesday . I let stupid things bother me way too much . 
Just did not feel this day!!It's kind of like my brain is somewhere else and my body is just following its usual movements . Not a very satisfying feeling . I need something to stimulate me , but I can't figure out what it is . 
CANNOT WAIT FOR THE BLACKEYED PEAS SHOW !!!! We are going to have so much fun !!! 
Is going to try to accomplish as much as she can tomorrow . ( After har nap ! ) 
Got my phone back , finally !!! Text me your number with name as message , please !!! I lost all of them !!! 
Things always work themselves out much better when you don't stress about it . No stressing this time :) Good day today ! 
Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > for sending me home today !! I feel like crap and work was not sounding like a good idea . 
So I slept until about 3 today and guess what I want to do right now ?? I am sooo tired !!! 
Preparing myself for < PROPFEMALE>'s birhtday party tonight . Should be lots of interesting fun ! 
Got my new car today and I freakin ' love it !!! 
Anyone gone to Party Clarksville in the Leaf Chronicle ?? Vanessa's Bday pics are on there !! 
It's Friday , it's Friday . 
Starving and can't wait to eat !!!! 
Hmmm , self-fulfilling prophecies ? I think there is a lot more to them than I realize . 
My God , I hope today is better than yesterday !!! Positive thoughts please come my way !!! 
Just a little lost on everything right now . 
Just bought my plane ticket to Los Angeles !!! I cannot wait to get away from here !! 
In less than 48 hours I will be at an amazing concert , shaking my a*s off with my girlfriend , Shannon !!! That night is going to be nothing short of awesome!Can't wait to get my mind off of reality . 
Well since I am single and have no date for < PROPFIRST>'s , I decided to pick up a shift . Money always makes me feel better about not having a \lover \".;)" 
I hate when things change . Just hate it . But it will all be for the better , I hope . 
Mind your business people !! Just mind your own business !!! Geez !!! 
So I bawled my eyes out when I read The Time Traveler's Wife . Why did I think it would be any different when I watched the movie ??? 
Remember how much I hate change ? Well sure , it sucks , but sometimes it is the only thing that makes you see things the way you need to . I tell you what , though , I wouldn't change a single minute of any of it . 
People are going to treat you the way you let them !!! 
Had a very exhausting weekend with the girls . My hair smells like charcoal , my beer tastes great and I am waiting ... 
I wish the weather would stay like it was yesterday and maybe this funk will go away . 32 more days and I go to L.A. !!! 
Me ADD ?? No way !! I really don't agree with that statement , Mr. ! I like to consider it scatter-brained , thank you very much !! 
I have such an uneasy feeling in my stomach . Please go away !! 
Do you think it's smarter to be in denial but feel happiness or to face the truth and go through a world of hurt ? It'll eventually feel better , but ...... 
Will the magical energy < PROPFEMALE > please help me out today , PLEASE ?!! I got maybe a total of 4 hours of sleep and have to work 11 hours . Can't wait to see what I am like tonight . Should be funny or scary ! 
I had planned on sleeping all day but someone had to ruin that ! 
I am so incredibly pissed !!! I should have known !!! 
In less than a month I will be with family who actually care about me and I need that more than ever right now . 
Guess who has two sick girls at home making her unable to work today ? Just one guess :( 
I can't wait to take the girls to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland this weekend !!! 
It's Thursday . I'm off . I'm happy ! Guess what I'm doing tonight ? NOTHING but laying in bed ! Sounds great ! 
Totally looking forward to what is supposed to be a beautiful day . Actually excited about < PROPFEMALE>'s tournament , especially since they are outside . And can't freakin ' wait for the IMAX theater !!! The girls(and me ! ) are going to love it !!! 
Annaleigh needs a girl's night out this coming weekend , desperately !! Like dressed up where everyone stares , even if it is in Clarksville !!! (You girls know what I'm talking about ! ) Who is game ? 
It is amazing what warm weather can do for the soul !! I feel so optimistic right now !!! I love it <3 
You know what I can't stand ? Random socks !! Especially when a bunch of them don't even belong in your house !!! 
Attempting to start off this beautiful Monday morning in a positive mood . Although it is beautiful outside and I have to be stuck inside all day , I must remember that I will be in California in exactly 17 days !!! Yay for me !! 
Why is it that when your child has a project due , such as a science fair project , the project turns into Mom's project ? I'm not in school anymore for a reason !!! 
I will take 60 degrees and raining over 30 degrees and raining anyday !!! (16 more days !!! ) 
So so ready for Saturday and to talk about senseless stuff and laugh all night long !! Hmmm ... what shall I wear ? 
Guess who is getting trained in the bar tonight ?! ME !!! ( R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Haim . ) 
The pot calling the kettle black . Don't you love that ??? 
Man , oh man . Just got off of work and so ready for my comfy bed . I want to make so much money for my trip to California !!! I can't believe I am leaving next week . So excited !!! 
I should change my address to 132 < PROPMALE > St !!! Only 10 more days and it will all be worth it ! 
So a week from tomorrow my baby girl , < PROPMALE > , is turning 5 years old and I am sooo sad about it . I feel like she isn't going to be my baby anymore !! Why do they have to grow up ?! 
Watching my show , getting in my bed and reading yet another Spark's book and crashing . Working the Pub Crawl tomorrow , need to rest my body before all of the chaos ! 
Getting ready fot the Spaghetti Factory . That's what my baby girl wanted for an early birthday celebration so that's what she is getting ! 
Okay , so all I need is a couple grand on my next two lunch shifts and my trip will be awesome !!! LMAO !!! 
Oh goodness !! Only one more day and my baby turns 5 and then the next day I leave on a jet airplane to beautiful Los Angeles . Words cannot describe how much I can't wait to leave this place !!! 
She just blew out her candles , on our way to breakfast , the Diary of a Wimpy Kid , lunch at the Blackhorse and the museum . I hope she loves her birthday ! 
About 12 more hours and I will be boarding a plane to fly nonstop to Los < PROPFEMALE > , California and I cannot freakin ' wait !!! I am going to miss my girls like no other but I truly need this time away . 
Still kind of dark outside but I don't mind . I'm outta here . Here I come sunshine ! 
So I literally woke up to birds chirping and the sun shining on the mountains I can see out of my window . Didn't get up until 11 ( 1 my time ) , ate some guava pasteles ( Cuban ) and now I am sure I will eat In-N-Out at some point ! Loving life ! 
Seriously , all the food(crap ) that I have been eating has made my stomach hurt so bad . I literally look like the little Ethiopian kids with bloated stomachs . Pepto Bismol is my savior ! 
Since it is 10:28 my time , I am awake with my nieces . It is going to be such a beautiful day outside-83 degrees and we are going to Universal Studios !! YAY !!! Sunblock ! 
< PROPMALE>'s is just as good , if not better , than what I expected it to be !!! Madison is going to be so jealous when I tell her that I got to see Miley < PROPMALE>'s boyfriend on Jummy Kimmel !!! 
I am about to throw up !!!! Vacation = way too much face stuffing !!! I can't wait to get some hugs from two certain little girls :) 
Well I am finally home and get to sleep in my own bed tonight . Tomorrow retsarts my boring life . At least I will be in a good mood :) 
Slept so bad !!! I kept feeling like I was on a plane . But good news is that I got to see < PROPMALE > this morning and she was so excited to see me !!! Now just to see < PROPFEMALE > this evening . I can't wait to have my girls , even if they are fighting ! 
As much as I have said that I hate the smell of skin once it has been outside and it is warm , I truly love it . I love the sunshine ! I love the warmth !! And I really love the Hefeweizen that we are going to serve starting next week !!! It really means it is Springtime !! 
I don't think I can ever change my ways !! Ever . It is really going to take a VERY special person to make me want to . Am I ok with this ? I guess we'll see when I am 50 and I am the old ' cat lady ' living down the street from you !!! LMAO ! 
Pretty excited for this weekend !!! Going to an Easter egg hunt that has 20,000 eggs tomorrow , grilling on my little grill for the girls at night and then Easter Sunday . And you will never guess what I am doing on Sunday !!! Going to church !! ME !!! Then celebrate with an awesome group of Italians that will probably be pretty funny ! 
Actually looked up online to see the \proper\ " way to boil eggs so that they don't crack or the yolks aren't green . Don't you hate that ? Then the Easter egg hunt . I hope it's not all muddy out there ! " 
So I thought it was not going to be < PROPFEMALE > outside so I didn't put any sunscreen on my kids !! It was so freakin ' warm and < PROPFEMALE > !! I can't complain , though . It is way better than it storming like the weatherman said it was going to . Now about to dye some eggs and grill some chops ! YUMMY 
Happy Easter to everyone !!! Nothing like some hard-boiled eggs and coffee in the morning :) Oh and thanks Easter < PROPFEMALE > for almost forgetting to put the girls baskets out this morning but then remembering 15 minutes before they woke up to get them out of the trunk ! They would have been very mad at you ! 
So I just came home from church and that service was pretty much amazing . I have never been to anything like it . Happy Easter ! 
Dear Hefeweizen , I am sooo excited for your return this warm Spring . I have been looking forward to your return ever since Festivus made me forget all about you . Hell , it made me forget everything !! I can't wait for you to meet me as soon as I get off of work tomorrow . Hopefully , some of my fellow employees will be meeting you with me . Love , Annaleigh 
Dear Hefe , You kicked my butt last night and I am paying for it today . Thank you . 
So I discovered a new addiction and it beats any other addiction I may have had in my life . Thank you , Courtni Richardson , for celery and laughing cow !!! I can't stop ! 
Well it's Friday and I just want to be productive this weekend . Who wants to go to the Farmer's Market in Nashville with me tomorrow ? 
So I kinda watched a scary movie tonight . According to the Holder's , I didn't really watch much , but I am such a chicken sh*t !! I thought I did good . 
Oh , < PROPFIRST > McGuiness , I look forward to sitting on your patio today !!! I love Nashville ! 
I'm on a boat !!! Hopefully I get crispy :) 
So they sell all of these sunscreens for your face so you don't wrinkle prematurely , right ? Well what about my scalp ?? Like my hair part . I don't want my hair part to get wrinkled prematurely !! 
Such a very sleepy Monday for me . I need some motivation . Anybody have some ?! 
My God , I thought everything was going better . I felt it in my core but it took just a few words to take all of that away . I cannot seem to get away from my past without running away from my future . This is BS and I am exhausted from it . 
Over it now ! I am continuing with my good mood :) Just a little bump in the road ! 
< PROPMALE > has her first T-Ball practice on thursday and I am sooo nervous for her ! I hope she likes it as much as < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I wish someone would have gotten up and made be bacon and eggs when I had TCAP testing !!! I know she'll do awesome anyways , but still .... 
Going bike riding with the girls . Damn , I am going to sweat !!! 
So MGMT in June and the tickets are cheap !!! Indianapolis or < PROPMALE > ? 
Bubble guts . Anyone hate them as much as do ? Goodnight to all of you crazies !! 
I hope we are busy at work today . Both girls have softball practice and I couldn't be happier about it !!! I can't wait to have a picture of both of them in their uniforms . Just imagine in 10 years ... 
Beautiful Saturdays are great ! 
Rivers and Spires with my girls it is . Please give me strength to make it !!! 
I had a stressful day with the girls . You know those days where you can't really figure out what is wrong , but something is ? Yeah , I had to keep apologizing to an 8 and 5 year old for being in a funky mood . Maybe tomorrow will put my crabby ass back into place ! 
Off to church I go ! 
So the service was a really good one . One thing that hit home was about < PROPFEMALE > . Man oh man do I need help with that one !! Cleaning house with the girls , listening to the Stones(and < PROPMALE > crying in the background , of course ) and then off to the Riverwalk . Enjoy your Sunday ! 
So thank you < PROPFEMALE > for picking up my morning shift ! Now I get to go see my baby girl in her school spelling < PROPFEMALE > since she is spelling at a middle school level and all :) What's next ? Perfect score on her ACT's ?!?! She is so darn smart ! 
So a kid at work was listening to White Snake in the kitchen tonight and I asked him how the hell he knew that song . Do you know what he says ?! ' I listen to oldies all the time . ' R u serious ?!!! I am soooo old , man ! :( 
Eating hot tenders and a loaded baked potato . Yummy !!! 
Is it bad that I want them to tell me < PROPFEMALE>'s I.Q. score at my meeting tomorrow ? I mean , I wish I knew mine . I promise I won't brag :) 
I love having weekdays off !! I feel like I can get so much done ! 
Words cannot express how proud of my daughter , Madison < PROPFEMALE > Rios , I am . I could have never imagined to have such a delightful , beautiful and intelligent daughter . I love her so much . 
Setting my alarm for 3 so I can try and see some shooting stars !! I really love seeing meteor showers . Last time I saw one , someone significant came into my life . Maybe this will signify an end to that chapter and the beginning of a new one :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s first game of the season tomorrow !!! I can't wait . Love seeing her play . 
Working a double today . Kind of looking forward to it . Why do I like socializing so much ?! 
Working he cocktail shift tonight up in the Tap Room with < PROPFEMALE > and Nicole . But I don't know how much work will be involved . Two reasons : no people and this horrible weather ! 
Nevermind , no cocktailing for me tonight ! Love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
Today will be a good day ! 
Korean food for lunch ! Who wants to join ? 
It's so nice to laugh for a couple of hours ! 
I am going to do absolutely nothing today !! I still have my pj's on and will probably stay that way all day :) 
I am laying in my bed with the window open and watching T . V .. Please , guilt , go away . It is ok to be doing this . My eyes may even close for a little while . 
I am such a geek but I don't care !! I have been waiting for this special on the History channel ever since I saw the commercial for it . How much do you really remember about what they taught us about < PROPFEMALE > , the greatest place to be , in elementary school ? 
Did not expct this on the History channel !!! It is amazing ! 
Salads at the Blackhorse are awesome ! 
I am at Borders all by my lonesome and I couldn't ask for anything better . 
Does anyone understand how much I hate bringing groceries in ??? I need < PROPFEMALE > with me so badly ! 
Got my girls back for the next week and I am happy about that . Found out some good news that is going to make my life so much easier this summer . Now if I can only get the girls to not fight ...... wishful thinking ! 
Knows at this moment , that bbq sauce is not a friend of mine . Or maybe it was the combination of pepperjack cheese , american cheese , bacon and a hamburger < PROPFEMALE > that did it . Whatever , I dont care . My belly hurts ! 
Going to be a very long day with lots of stuff to do !!! Will I have enough time ? 
< PROPMALE > did so amazing at her first game !!! Of course , everyone was laughing at her funny antics . Kind of a weird situation with all the baby daddy's and their wives there , but I will suck it up . :) 
Why is coffee such an essential part of my morning ?! This weekend is all about my girls and I love it . Everything will probably be rained out tomorrow but that gives me a good excuse to have movie day with them . And maybe a nap during the thunder :) 
Please , nobody speak to me . I am beyond irate . I just want to get home to my girls . 
Going to bed . Tomorrow is a new day and will be much better !! I will just wake up positive . 
My day will consist of folding clothes . A lot of clothes . Even though softball is cancelled , Mdaison's dad and step-mother are still taking her to soccer . I don't know if they actually play soccer in weather like this in KY ? Do you ? 
So I was on a mission for two things today . The first was rain boots for me and the girls . I eventually found them at Target and I spent $80 . The second was plantains . Now if you have ever had fried plantains , you know just how yummy they are . I went from Sango Wal-Mart to St. B Wal-Mart to St. B Kroger to Ft . Campbell Kroger . When I get there a woman is picking all the green ones , which I drove all over town for !! 
I was looking through all of my albums and started missing this friend and then that friend and reminiscing about all the memories of each night with them . But then , I stared at each picture and realized that my left eye is smaller in most of them and that means I am wasted and I don't remember any of those memories ! Sad , but true :) 
I don't want to drive to KY !!! 
I have lived here since 1993 and not once have they ever cancelled school because of flooding ! This is unbelievable . 
Getting ready for work !!! I am looking forward to it because days/nights/events like these always bring out the most interesting stories in people ! 
Guess who got to bartend tonight ?!!!! Thia shift was super crazy ! (and I loved it ) 
Feels likie having fun this weekend . I haven't done something really fun in a while ! 
So I have this fantastic idea for all of my Blackho peeps !!! After the meeting on Saturday , we go and lay out somewhere and drink beer and get crispy !!! Who is game ? (we could possibly throw a hot dog on a grill or something , too ) 
It is supposed to be beautiful today and tomorrow and when does it go back to being coll ? On my days off !!! 
It is supposed to be beautiful today and tomorrow and when does it go back to being cool ? On my days off !!! 
Going to watch < PROPFEMALE > kick butt in softball and then who knows what !!! 
Is Nashville Bound !!!! 
Nashville was uber fantastic . Now God only knows what me and < PROPFEMALE > will get into ! 
This sun feels great on my skin !!! Oh , lazy Saturdays . I love you !!! 
Eating at The Lovin Spoonful and I do believe I have found a wondeful new place to eat !!! 
Not having a good day !!!! Somebody make me smile !! 
Based on personal experience , I am beginning to truly believe that you should like or not like someone based on one-on-one experiences , not because of what other people say . Only took me 29 3/4 years !!! 
I love grocery shopping !!! 
Two thoughts : 1 ) You need to try Bear Naked ganola if you haven't already yet . It is sooo good and the girls even like it !!! 2)Men always blame PMS as the reason for a woman being moody . What is the reason for men , because I sure have been dealing with a lot of moody men lately ?! 
I just watched < PROPFIRST > Bieber on Oprah and that little boy is so adorable !!! I can see why all of those little girls are going crazy and have Bieber Fever !!! 
I love Wednesdays at work since we don't have to wear our regular uniform , but man those jeans get hot !!! Come and see me !!! 
BlAh 
Off to field day we go !!! 
I only have < PROPMALE > this weekend so going to get some good bonding time with my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
In my bed with the most beautiful 5 year old sleeping next to me . Falling asleep and looking forward to whooping some ass in kickball/baseball/softball tomorrow at our pub picnic !! 
I am going through < PROPMALE>'s closet and wondering why she would need so much clothes !! There is going to be some lucky girl going to the Goodwill soon ! 
Usher always comes out with such great Summer anthems !!! 
Wants to take the time out to say just how much I love my girls , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . They really are the best things in my life and am so lucky to have them as mine . God only knows where I would be without them . 
It is Monday but it isn't so bad !!! I get to see < PROPFEMALE > today !!! 
Now that I know how it has turned out , I will never ever take back what I did . I am happy I did it . And for all those people who were involved with making my life miserable , go to hell ! 
So I really don't like getting up at the same time as the sun does . Coffee , coffee , coffee ! 
Going to eat at Rafferty's , you Rafferty's , then off to Trivia ! 
Working a double today but looking forward to < PROPFEMALE > training me tonight !!! I will learn to make a Whiskey Sour just as good as she does , dangit ! 
Getting a little needed break before I make someone else some money ! (Amy < PROPMALE > ) 
My mother is officially on her way here to stay with me and the girls for the summer . Dun dun dun !!! 
Putting my dancing shoes ( wedges ) on and celebrating < PROPFEMALE>'s Bday . It is going to be such a fun night ! Wish my camera worked !! 
Who wants to lay out by a pool today ?! :) 
I need a hedgecutter . Anybody have one that I can borrow ? 
Parts of my body that I forgot existed , are killing me today . I am soooo out of shape ! 
I am exhausted after this weekend . It is unbelievable how much of a workout a game of kickball can give you !!! 
About to sweat my a*s off playing tennis with Jessica . What am I thinking ? Maybe I am thinking of the extra 10 pounds I gained in the last few months ::( 
So I could definitely use some practice with the whole tennis thing , but I feel so good !!!! 
Is it weird that I like being this sore ? Getting up hurts but it is such a satisfying sense of accomplishment . 
I LOVE PAIN !!! off to work for the week and can't wait to make some money !! What activity will I do tonight after < PROPFEMALE>'s game ? Any ideas ? 
So I haven't stopped sweating since 9 o'clock this morning !!! I need to cool down so badly . 
I used to look forward to jeans day , but not when you are running around in a humid 78 degree environment ! 
Wants to know in what world it takes 5 minutes to grill chicken that won't make you sick after . Certainly not in mine !! 
I have a very uneasy feeling about certain people in my life that used to be so awesome to me . I hate when things change . 
I just bought my tickets to the Midnight showing of Eclipse !!!! I can't freakin ' wait ! 
I need a pool ASAP !!! 
Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > Jones ( a.k.a. angel face , bad*ss Bloody < PROPFIRST > maker)for letting me take advantage of this wonderful day by your pool . I will have a drink for you ! 
Getting ready for the babyshower ! 
Just to squash any stupid rumors that may or may not be going around about me fighting somebody , I will tell you that , no , I do not plan on fighting anyone . I am a 30 year old mother of two . That is just retarded people . 
You can call me A-Weezy for short from now on ! 
Should I or shouldn't I go and visit Ms. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > at the Tap Room for $2 drafts ? 
Working what i hope will be a very lucrative double !!! Gotta love Craft Beer Night . ( Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Jones for getting me Starbucks !! ) 
Completely worn out from work today but in such a good mood , still . 
Call me stupid . Call me dumb . But I absolutely cannot shake the fact that I miss him and it sucks bad . 
I feel like a < PROPMALE > truck hit my body , ran over it , went in reverse , and ran over it again . My old butt cannot take these doubles anymore . And here I go off to work again . Why does serving take such a toll on one's body ?! 
It sucks really really bad when hard work goes unappreciated . F*ckin ' amazes me . 
I just cannot go back to sleep . I have too much on my mind . 
Hmmmm .... I wonder if this is what I should be thinking . 
Getting ready for a double at work . Not too happy about this . 
This meatball sub that is our special is pretty much phenomenal !!! I wish it was on the menu 
OMG !!! Exhaustion would be the understatement of the year . 
Just one more shift , people . Then it is off to Holiday World on Monday for big girl's 9th birthday . I cannot believe she is turning 9 :( 
Going to lay by a pool with a beer in hand with some genuinely cool people . Can't wait to get all this horrrible sweat off of my body . ( 2 more days ! ) 
Last night was so stupid of me and I mean stupid . 
Hahahaha , I lied . I work again tonight ! The things we do for our children to have good memories . I swear if they start fighting .... 
My baby girl was almost born 9 years ago . I can't believe how fast the time has passed by . I am so fortunate to have such an amazing daughter . I can't wait to spend the day with her tomorrow . I love my < PROPFEMALE > so much :) 
Happy 9th Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Rios . Thank you for making me a mama . Now it's off to Holiday World !!! 
I am completely worn out from today but < PROPFEMALE > had an awesome birthday and said that it was her best one yet ! Off to some hard sleep now . 
Hello , Marley < PROPFEMALE > Rios , < PROPFEMALE>'s new little sister , who arrived this morning ! I can't wait to see you , tonight . 
Marley is so itty-bitty !!! She is so beautiful , too . ( Go Lakers ! ) 
Never trust a big butt and a smile ... 
Cooking for my mom and the girls tonight . Likin the thought of family time :) 
I feel like everything is super crazy right now . I don't like it . 
Going to lay out by the pool so I can get my mind cleared and just relax . 
I am kinda burnt to a crisp . But we shall call it Rosey for tonight :) 
I think I may be done with all of this . Hard work never pays off , just bites you in the ass . Lesson learned . 
Going to closing ceremonies for the girls , buying some yummy Karbi to marinate for tomorrow and working a cocktail hosting shift at the taproom just so I can dress nice ! 
Another trip to the pool today , this time with my girls . Hope they behave properly , especially Ms. < PROPMALE > Grace . 
< PROPFEMALE > made the Clarksville National Red All-Stars team !!! She is so super awesome at everything she does ! I am so proud of her , she is amazing . 
On my way to play at Play :) 
My Tuesday is your Monday and it kind of sucks . 
So < PROPMALE > made All-Stars , too !!! My girls are great ! 
I want to go to the movies but nobody to go with me :( 
Off to the wonderful world of The Blackhorse . 
There is no cooling down at this point . I am about to shower after a sweaty shift just to go sweat again at < PROPMALE>'s practice . What is the point ? I have nobody to smell good for :) 
It's Friday , It's Friday !!!! :) 
Just got off of work and having a nice cold beer . Jammin ' in the Alley ? 
Why the heck am I up right now ? Deciding on if I should go to < PROPFEMALE>'s bday celebration/Pride tonight . If I was only a millionaire :( 
No Nashville for me tonight . Being semi-responsible and going to lay out out the pool with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and drink a few beers :) 
Oh sweet , sweet pool , how I love thee . Couldn't ask for better weather for it :) 
Instead of roadside service I want poolside service . I am freakin starving . 
Hpoing that when I wake up any red skin will be brown . Looking forward to this adventure on Thursday ! 
No phone for a minute . Be patient with me . If you need me , you should know how to get a hold of me :) 
That was a short break from my phone . I kind of liked not having it attached to my hip . 
Holy crap !!! We made enough food for a small Army and it's only me , my mom and < PROPMALE > eating ! I am so full and so ready for a nap . 
I am in kind of a foul mood and I don't like it . One would think that after so many years of this , it would get a little bit easier . It'll be fine when I wake up . 
Yeah , so I get to work day bar today . Yippee !! 
Off to < PROPFEMALE>'s all-star practice tonight in this horrible heat !! Working the bar wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be . Kinda liked it , actually :) 
LOVES LOVES spicy foods !! Anything with Jalapenos is the sh*t !!! 
Goodness , I can't wait to be on the Buffalo . My first time :) 
I want to go see The Grown Ups tonight so I can laugh my butt off . Who wants to join me ? 
Seriously ? No takers for The Grown Ups ? Guess I will just keep my bored butt home . 
I am so freakin ' hungry but I cannot and will not eat this late . Thank you grapes , for not doing anything for my hungry belly . I refuse to be the fatass on that cruise boat ! 
Dammit , going to read and hopefully won't really dream about Waffle House hasbrowns . I'm not even drunk ! 
8 a.m. practice on a Saturday morning ? This is dedication-and she is only 9 . I suppose I better prepare myself for when she is 10 !!! 
A nap next to my cuddly 5 year old is definitely in the forecast . And I just wants to give props to all the young boys and girls who seat their little butts off for all these sports we have them involved in while our fat butts are sitting in the bleachers and yelling at them and telling them what to do . Great job for sucking it up all summer ! 
A nap next to my cuddly 5 year old is definitely in the forecast . And I just wants to give props to all the young boys and girls who sweat their little butts off for all these sports we have them involved in while our fat butts are sitting in the bleachers and yelling at them and telling them what to do . Great job for sucking it up all summer ! 
I don't ever like it when the US loses , in anything . 
Home again on a weekend night and I am so okay with that . There really is nothing worth going out for anyways . 
Thank you , NPT , making me painfully aware of the horrible research that has been performed on Chimpanzees for the sake of research . I think I may have nightmares of getting attacked by a primate . 
Has anyone gotten some of the fresh produce at < PROPFEMALE>'s Truck Patch ? It is sooo yummy . That is what my lunch consists of along with some \sticky\ " rice . " 
There are very few people that one can rely on or completely trust and that kind of sucks . It's almost like what is the point of having these silly relationships with people if they aren't going to amount to anything . Would you really have anything to say at my funeral if I died ? Just think about it , not trying to be morbid . 
I am so so so so excited for both of the girls ' games tonight . Firts All-Star game for < PROPMALE > and what should be an extreme ; y intense game against < PROPMALE > Co for < PROPFEMALE > . Once again , I am so proud of them and couldn't ask for better kids . 
Not one person is going to help me with Family Feud ?!?! 
Waiting in line to watch Eclipse like a mad woman ! I am going to regret this tomorrow during my double . 
I love how < PROPMALE>'s purple Care Bear glows in the dark and reminds me of her sweet little face when I go into my room to go to sleep . 
Pretty freakin tired and I wish I had some Starbucks right now !! Some body send me a Caramel Macchiato to the Blackhorse Pub and Brewery , please . Sugar-free and nonfat :) 
I fully realized how bad it sucked to be a single mom and have to work while your daughter slides into home base to score a home run . And all this came from a text from her step-mother who got to be there . Kinda crappy . 
Going to see my amazing little ball player < PROPFEMALE > whoop butt in her game tonight . No work for me , dangit . 
Looking forward to hanging out with my fabulous lover < PROPMALE > tomorrow night at his 1st annual Garden Party . You should come too ! 
About to go watch < PROPFEMALE > kick some butt tonight !!! If they win they go to districts ! Wish her luck . 
OFF TO DISTRICTS WE GO !!!!! YAY < PROPFEMALE > AND THE CLARKSVILLE NATIONAL REDBULLS !!!! 
I am on a boat with some of my favorite people in the whole wide world , beer in hand . The only thing that could make the celebration of my awesome country's independence would be the company of my two wonderful daughters . 
Gonna dance my butt off tonight ! Come and party with us ! 
Happy Birthday , America !!! I truly love being a citizen of this country . :) 
I hope we are at least a little busy tonight :) Don't want to be here if I don't make any money . 
Can't remember being this physically exhausted . I can't wait to crawl in my bed :) 
I have been in and out of sleep for the last 3 hours . I just want to fall asleep and not think about work . Its one of those nights where you fall asleep and you think of a drink you forgot to bring a table . Horrible . 
All I can do is laugh at how poorly I slept last night , suck it up and get my butt to work . There is always tonight to get some sleep :) 
Off to < PROPFEMALE>'s practice and then some time with the family . I like this :) 
I know it's an older movie , but There Will Be Blood is such an intense movie . ( and P.S. < PROPFEMALE > laid on the couch with her stinky sliding pads on and I am now smelling it . GROSS !! ) 
No nightmares about drink chits or running food tonight ! My girls brought me back down to reality , finally . I get to have them until next weekend-WOOHOO :) What the heck would I do without them in my life ? 
Practice is gonna be kind of hot tonight ! 
So I got stung for the first time today by either a wasp or a < PROPFEMALE > and it was on one of my toes . It didn't necessarily hurt as bad as I thought it would , but let me tell you , my poor \index\ " toe is pretty swollen . Poort toe :( " 
It's off to Districts in < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! I am so excited for < PROPFEMALE > and win or lose , I am so proud of her and her team ! 
If there has ever been a time that I am proud of being from Clarksville , it is right now , sitting at a ballfield in Charlotte . Thank goodness for ' city life ' , lol !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > just hit a homerun in her district game and I couldn't be any happier at the moment ! I almost cried . 
I suppose that I should thank someone/something for making me smile at the thought of a certain person's grin or another certain person's funny hand gestures when they tell a story . Thank you , whoever you are , for making me a lucky person . 
Finally got to sleep and I am even more tired . 10:30 is sleeping in , lol . 
Thank you my friend , Buddy , for introducing me to Muse . I have discovered another band I really really like listening to . 
ARE YOU SERIOUS ?!! 1 SINGLE , 1TRIPLE AND 2 , YEAH 2 , HOMERUNS TONIGHT !!!!! MADISON IS SO AWESOME !!!! 
So we play < PROPMALE > Co . today and I swear they came out of the womb with a ball in their hands . Good luck to my baby girl and I truly don't care if they lose since she is soooo bad*ss . But damn , I hope they beat those country bumpkins ! 
No homeruns for her today but we beat < PROPMALE > Co in the best game I have ever seen ! We play for the championship tomorrow night and if we win , we go to State !!! 
Hot Tub Time Machine . Funny enough to rent it tonight ? Let me know . 
Very very sleepy . Long day ahead of me . 
On to the District Championship game in the rain !!!! 
So the game got postponed until Wednesday which is fine with me !!! Jessica < PROPFIRST > is coming over for a beer , or four , and then maybe to O'Neals for a couple more :) 
Being away from people makes you realize just how much you missed them once they are around you . Make sense ? 
Man oh man , I will be on Mexican soil in exactly a week !!! 
Finally going to the chamionship and wishing < PROPFEMALE > the best of luck . She is so bad*ss . Little bit confused with some other stuff going on , though . 
My daughter is on the way to the State playoffs thiis weekend !!!! Of course , I don't get to go , but I am still soooo proud of her :) 
Sleepy sleepy time . Comfy in my bed with a very special person laying next to me . Hopefully I have dreams of a beach :) 
Why are all of the Roto-Rooter dudes that come into work so freakin ' hot ?!! Such teases . 
The countdown is on !!! 3 more days and 4 more shifts until I am in New Orleans and boarding the big ship . ( Bittersweet missing a very important event in < PROPFEMALE>'s life . I suck . ) 
There are two things that are a constant in my life and mean everything to me . I realized today that I don't care how much money I take with me on this trip and that I have to be there for my baby girl's first state tournament . I am too proud of her to miss it . 
Pulaski ? Really ? 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I m so excited that I get to see you play tonight . The fact that you are going to a state tournament at 9 years old doesn't surprise me , but amazes me . I love you so much . Love , Mama . 
It's going to be a long and prosperous day at work and then off to the boondocks . Loving life right now . ( Thanks to my awesome mother for the great dinner last night . ) 
< PROPFEMALE > won , again , last night at state . She plays again tonight and I get to see my final game of the year . This cruise is very bittersweet for me . 
My baby girl is playing in the State Chamionship on Tuesday night . I cannot wait to hear the outcome !!! 
Should I give up or should I just keep chasing pavements ? See you Saturday Facebookers . ¡Ciao ! 
I had an awesome time but I am so ready to be home , in my bed , with my two favorite people in the world . Can't wait for those hugs :) 
My world is still rocking , literally , from the boat . I am soooo glad to be at home in my little world . Even excited to get back to the pub . 
Back to my daily grind tomorrow . All rested up now and I remember that focus is key . 
Oh Monday , Monday . I hope you're good to me . 
I am sooo exhausted after this double !!!! And I have to be at work an hour early in the morning . Cry me a river ... 
So glad that I am off tonight and all I hve to do is see my daughters . Oh yeah , and soccer practice . 
Another double tomorrow :( But in the long run , it ALWAYS helps . Looking forward to Thursday off with my girls so we can soak up some sun and the doctor can tell me just how big my 9 year-old state champ is :) 
Working my double today ! :) 
I got a lot accomplished today and now it is time to take a cat nap since Whitt's filled my belly up . Soccer practice for < PROPFEMALE > again !!! But I would not change my life for anything right now . 
Last shift of the week tomorrow and then off all weekend long :) Oh what will I get into now ?! 
Oh Bloody < PROPFIRST > , how I love thee!It's going to be a good day :) 
Off to Nashville I go !!!! I love nights like these . 
unbelievable !!! I wonder what will happen next ... 
Why am I always up to no good when I am around him ? 
Man , the last two days kicked my butt . I was kind of out of reality . Apprehensive about work tomorrow . 
I love getting massages by people who actually know what to do . 
The Rapper Roundtable on < PROPFEMALE > Lately was soooo perverted but freakin ' hilarious . Thank you Lil ' < PROPFIRST > and Big Boi for your theories on why black men love big butts so much . I , personally , needed that . 
Anyone , and I really do mean anyone , feel free to bring me some Starbucks to 132 < PROPMALE > St. I will forever be in debted to you :) 
Getting ready for work . I think it might be a little hot inside the pub today considering it is hotter than hell outside ! 
Man , I haven't been this upset in a very long time . But the last time I was , a huge change came along . So I think it's time again . Wish me luck :) 
It is actually really cool in the shade . Too bad < PROPFEMALE > has to sweat her butt off playing soccer in the sun :( 
First day of school for the girls tomorrow !!! Parker starts Kindergarten and < PROPFEMALE > starts fourth grade . My my , how time flies by so quickly . 
First day of school went very well . < PROPMALE > saw < PROPFEMALE > and Grace so it made it A LOT easier for her . About to eat and head to the pub :) 
Been up since 6:30 a.m. which is very early for me . What the hell am I doing up ?! 
Why did I pick up a shift tonight ?! Why ?! 
Well I pretty much just got crapped on one more time , but it is okay , I asked for it . I am beginning to think that I may be one of \those stupid girls\ " . Dammit ! Turning 30 next month better motivate me to start making changes all around . " 
Hmmmmm , I feel like getting into something . 
Really looking forward to hanging out with a very old friend on Wednesday !!! I don't know if there is enough time to catch up ! 
Just ate some AMAZING bread from Silke's!!!Going to try my hand at something different tonight . Maybe I will be sore tonight :) 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Spitzack for giving me the workout of the year . I am sooo out of shape it is sad . I have to do this , 30 is right around the corner and change is due :) 
I am hurting today but I feel sooo great about it . Looking forward to dinner tonight ! 
Taking a little nap before I have to take < PROPFEMALE > to practice tonight . < PROPMALE>'s first full day of Kindergarten and she loved it . And she gout my phone number right !!! I knew she could do it :) 
Has anyone gone outside and seen just how bright < PROPFEMALE > is shining ? It is amazing . And I found out why all the stars are twinkling so much . Wish I could stay up for prime meteor time but I don't think I can do it . 
So I have a table with 4 chairs for free if anybody wants it . You have to come and get it , though . Nothing special , but hey , it's free ! 
Omg , it's girls night out with some pretty fun women!!!Can't wait to see what we get into !!! 
Belly dancing is awesome !!! I found my new place ! 
So sleepy after the Waffle House . Recognizing that maybe sometimes the people I work with are just that , people I work with , not friends . I must remember to distinguish that . Just saying . 
Going to have a relaxed day today . I think I really want to go to the movies . Anyone want to come along ? 
The Other Guys it is !! I can't wait to laugh . 
This chick on < PROPFIRST > Hasselhoff's Roast is ruthless !!!! It is freakin ' hilarious though . You know when you are so embarassed by something on TV that you have to look away or hide your face ? Yeah , that just happened to me . 
I cannot wait for the day that I never have to brew an urn of tea again !! I guess I take my right hand for granted . Damn you , tea ! 
I am making such a massive amount of food for just me and my mom , it is ridiculous !!!! What do I do with all of this homeade food ? You want some ? (Anyone ? ) 
I am about to explode from fat !!! But man was it great . 
I am soooo sleepy !!! Brewing some coffee just so I can wake up ! 
I just don't feel good . Going to have to go to the doctor's on Thursday morning . Something isn't right . 
37 more days ..... 
36 more days ... 
This morning did not go well at all for Parker . It is going to be really hard for her to wake up early this year . She is only in Kindergarten and wants to drop out so she can sleep . Kindergartener dropout .... 
Yay , just a sinus infection and horrible allergies !!! Yeah , sounds crappy but as long as I don't get my baby girls or customers sick , all is peachy ! 
35 more days :( ... Working a Bunko party tonight and they maybe even crazier than my girlfriends ( and that is saying a lot ) . Can't wait to see how they have fun ! 
Got home from work , totally exhausted for some reason , and found that my mama had reorganized my living room and it looks amazing . I love it and will miss her so much when she leaves on Saturday morning . 
So soccer tournament in Smyrna all weekend . I have said it before and I will say it again-all of these sports better pay off in the long run !!! 
I really don't like having to get up at 6:30 on a Saturday morning . I think it should be against the law , really . 
We are all very exhausted from a long day . I cannot believe , still , how mean parents can be . Soccer is a mean sport and I just want to beat the other parents up . I understand how some of them get into physical disputes !! And more tomorrow :( 
OMG !!!! Thirty Seconds to Mars-Your Alibi is my Anthem !!! I am in love with a song again . 
No game today so that means the zoo for us !!! Going to be a hot one but I cant wait to see the Flamingo exhibit ! 
So I am looking forward to this Tursday so much and I usually love going shopping for a new outfit but it sucks going to an event like this when you're broke !!! I need an outfit !!! 
OMG !!! Someone just referred to me as ' EMO ' because I like a certain band !!! Does anyone think I , Annaleigh Rios , am EMO ?!!?!??! No way !! (I know , I know , you were joking JS :)) 
I was almost late to < PROPMALE > s first \real day\ " of Kindergarten . It's not only getting < PROPFEMALE > ready anymore who is a little priss alone . But Ms. < PROPMALE > has to look perfect also . I don't have any clue where they get their OCD from :) " 
Yum , yum ! Just ate some Karbi and it was delicious !!! But now I smell like a grill . Baths for the girls and in bed by 8 so I can watch my Miss Universe Pageant !!! I love those things . 
So I have a question . I really really love to go grocery shopping . I would even do it for other people . How many of you would pay a fee plus the groceries so that you don't have to do it yourself ? I never knew how many people hate going grocery shopping ! 
Very excited to see Chromeo on Thursday night !!! I love The Cannery and I love Nashville !!! :) 
< PROPFIRST > Cummings is absolutely hilarious !!! She is so foul and disgusting but everything she is saying is so freakin ' true !!! Watch her Comedy Central special if you can . But not for the light-hearted ! 
Nevermind !!! 
Going to see Chromeo tonight and I STILL don't know what to wear !!! 
It is soooo feakin ' beautiful outside !!!! That certainly got me in a great mood for tonight :) ! 
Getting ready for tonight !!!! It is going to be so much fun ! 
OMG !!!! 
@ the Waffle House , alone and some really trashy people are here as well . Why do I do this to myself ? 
This Claritin needs to kick in . Or maybe I should have taken all of the antibiotics that the Dr told me to take :) 
Going to the Music City BBQ festival tonight . Should be interesting :) 
Drinking a beer at Demo's . I can't wait to stuff my face with some BBQ !! 
Cooking for my beautiful girls and calling it a night very early . 
So I just woke up from what I would call a nap just to eat a bowl of cereal . It was sp good !!! Now back to sleep . Horrible , huh ? 
Beautiful baby girls getting ready to go to school and I get to sit around and do nothing but drink coffee for an hour . I kind of like this routine :) 
It's almost September ..... you know what that means ? 
I can't seem to understand why I am so tired . 
Omg !!! I want to fall asleep so badly , but these two little dogs won't stop barking next door !! 
I was so stupid in thinking I could watch that suspenseful show before I went to bed . I had the WORST nightmares about the girls . Going to take a catnap before work . 
Messed up bumpers , cat eating cats , chili and kareoke . Crazy !!! 
Looking forward to a very relaxing weekend with my girls . Parker actually asked me when we get to sleep in again ! She is totally my daughter . Here is to sleeping in on Saturdays :) 
Kinda stressing out right now . :( 
Nothing to do ... 
I can't believe I put makeup on Madison . She looks like a little woman !!! Picture time . ( Her dad would kill me ! ) 
Never EVER scratch ( a.k.a. picking ) your nose after putting fire sauce on your burrito . Not a good feeling . At all . 
September is such a beautiful month !!!! I love this weather . I had to put a sweater on last night . But my favorite part ??? Knee high boots and Halloween !!! 
Do you ever wonder why people , in particular women , try to constantly find love , yet when a good person comes along , they find every excuse under the sun not to go for it ? It is like we enjoy torturing ourselves . Well , I think I might try the other route this time . 
Please look at your invites people and please look at my recent album of my girls so you can send them to the nearest modeling scout so I , I mean they , can make their first million ! lol 
HOLY CRAP !!!! So much for thinking people are nice . I knew , knew it , knew it . I should always trust my gut . With that being said , here is to going into my 30's single and loving it . 
It is what it is ... I am still happy . 
I love watching Jeopardy , especially the celebrity series and the college series ! It makes me feel so freakin ' smart . 
Spam and potatoes !! The breakfast of champions :) ( And I wonder why my budunkadunk is so big ! ) 
So I am thinking that maybe a party bus is in order ? What do you think ? 
OMG !!!! So excited now !!!! 
Off to work I go in a little bit . Looking forward to it but hope I don't see a little \beaver\ " anywhere . Madison and I get alone time after and get to work on making yet another school project . This crap is expensive !!! " 
My favorite happy little boy , < PROPMALE > , is one today and I am ready to celebrate with him tonight!Can't wait for those laughs of his :) 
Just saw a Hoveround couple on my way to < PROPMALE>'s birthday party . How awesome ! 
Attempting to go to Riverfest tonight but this pesky rain won't make up its mind . < PROPMALE > is going to fix my hair with this magical straightener ! 
Hills are no bueno !!! 
Doctor told me Claritin would help . So why is it that I still can't breathe ?! 
I want to go canoeing so badly tomorrow!!It'll be the last time of the year :( 
I really can't believe I am going to the mug club party !! I just aged like 10 years this weekend . For those of you who don't know , September is a party month for me :) 
A bunch of sniffling females in the house this morning . Still in good moods , though , which makes it very surprising . 
Why can't I just be a typical ' soccer mom ' and sit and gossip with all of the other ones ? Kinda sucks sitting on a tree alone :( 
I feel like < PROPMALE > at this very moment . I am way too tired and do not want to get up . 
Alright people , I need to know if you are coming next Saturday night . I don't care if you're not , only if you are . Booking the bus tomorrow ( Thursday ) and have to give them a number . Changing the time to 10 o'clock!! 
Very disappointed in a few people . Sometimes I think that people actually mean something to me and they completely prove me wrong . Bummer , huh ? You and live and learn , don't you ? 
Happy fish :) 
Lonely bird :( 
So I guess < PROPFEMALE > thinks I am kind of stupid . She tried to erase an \F\ " on her progress report . I am so excited to see her in Middle and High School . She is 9 !!! " 
I love talking to old friends . Just love it :) 
Off to Soccer again . At least this time I have my ex-husband , his wife and their infant to sit with . Weird ? Yes , i know . 
Uh-Oh . Kind of in a bind right now . I have no clue what to do without hurting some feelings ! 
Sleepy time . Need to not be so stressed out for such a very special day for me . Goodnight . 
Stress is gone and now it is time to be soooo excited !!!! What am I going to wear ?!?!!? It has to be special , you know ! 
Thank you soooo much to our Higher Being , whatever he or she may be , for gracing us with coffee . I don't know what I would do or how I would act without you :) 
Pork Chops sweet potatoes and green beans for dinner . It's Shake ' N Bake and the girls helped . ( Only 3 more days until the big 3-0 and 5 for the dirty thirty celebration !!!! ) 
Somebody told me today that I looked ' good for 30 ' . Geez , what happened to plain old ' you look good' ? I think I am going to have a harder time with this than I originally thought . 
Looking forward to Stones River Mall tomorrow so I can hopefully find a fabulous dress for Saturday night :) 
Hanging out with P tonight . < PROPFEMALE > is with her dad so I get some one on one mommy/daughter time with her . That also means getting kicked in the side and punched in the face tonight since she HAS to sleep with me when her sister isn't here ! ( 2 more days ! ) 
So I decided that I don't really like turkeys . Aside from tasting great ( but so do a lot of other things that I can't mention ) they have these things on their necks that are very reminiscent of the one that I am growing on my neck(wattle ) . Screw turkeys ! And thanks Mattens ! 
Took the little kicker to school ( God she is sweet sometimes ) and staying up to run some errands on my day off . Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > Roberts !!! 
Working Women's Wednesday anybody ? 
Everytime I am alone , no matter where I am , my thoughts always come back to you . Why ?! 
Oh dirty , dirty thirty . Why are you haunting me ? Happy Birthday to me :) 
All the birthday wishes are so greatly appreciated !!!! Thank you so much ! Hananoki tonight with my girls and whoever wants to join us :) 
All the birthday wishes are so greatly appreciated !!!!! Hananoki tonight with my girls and whoever wants to join us :) 
I had a really awesome day to start out the new decade in my life . I have some really great friends and two amazing daughters who make me happier than anyone can know . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > for making me one happy mama . 
Yummy !!! This wrap is soooo awesome at work!Can't wait for the limo ride tomorrow :) 
HOLY MOLY !!!!! I am paying for last night but it is worth it . Thanks to all of you who went last night and an extra special thanks to < PROPFIRST > Lopez . :) 
Watching I Am Legend and it is really really creepy !!! 
I was so smart to have taken the day off . Barely getting over this weekend and cleaning up this house that looked like a bomb went off ! 
Back to work tomorrow . Excited ? Not really . Do I need money ? Definitely . Good grief I need a change in careers so badly . 
OMG !!!! Did anybody else know that you can watch She-Ra at midnight ?!!! The difference between cartoons that I watched growing up and the ones my girls watch is ridiculous !!! 
This is getting old , guys ! (PS-no pictures from this weekend are going up ! If you were me , youwould do the same :)) 
I hope I sleep way better than I did last night . Never watched a full episode of Jersey Shore , I watch 10 minutes of it before bedtime and next thing I am having nightmares about getting in fights . ALL NIGHT LONG !! 
Worry , worry , worry . It is so common for me at the end of each month . I hate it . 
Teaching < PROPFEMALE > how to make her favorite meal , pan-fried Tilapia , white rice and avacadoes . Maybe she can make it all on her own in the next year :) 
It is 8:30 and I do believe it is goodnight peeps . Have no clue why I am so tired but I am . Let me snuggle with < PROPFEMALE > now :) 
Slept a long long time last night and still wants to sleep more . What's wrong with me ? 
A little break between my rare double . I hope this Spam gives me energy and makes my butt grow even more . Oh , and I hope we're super busy !!! 
OMG !!! I know this is horrible , but I love the feeling I get when I prove somebody wrong . Especially when that someone is a very very mean person . 
So I just sliced the tip of my pinky finger open and it doesn't feel too good . Worst part is , the girls seemed concerned , looked at it , saw the blood and then took off to watch their show . I felt kind of unloved ! 
Why do I get hungry at midnight ? That is no bueno for me ! 
Yummy , Apple Butter Festival , here we come :) 
Well instead of the Apple Butter Festival , I drove an hour and a half to Bowling Green only to discover it was freezing up there and I had the girls in shorts and t-shirts . Needless to say , all we got were two bags of popcorn and two pumpkins and we booked it ! 
We are all watching Marmaduke and one of the best sounds I have EVER heard in my life is both of my girls laughing their little butts off . I LOVE IT !!!! 
Who says that friends can't come without benefits ? 
Getting super pumped for my double , that I picked up , today !!! (Can you sense the sarcasm ? ) 
The doubles lately haven't kicked my butt as hard as they usually do . Thanks to the friends I < PROPMALE > out with after work ! Off to bed and hopefully no bad dreams ! 
You can call me a bad mom , but I don't care . So mangoes are a $1.50 each at Kroger , and in case you don't know , that's expensive ! So in exchange for a mango for each , < PROPFEMALE > had to wash the dishes and < PROPMALE > had to sort clothes and put hers away . Nothing in life is free and they better learn it now ! Am I really that mean ?! 
Shouldn't have stayed up reading yet another Spark's book !! Oh well , nothing coffee can't fix . Looking forward to a shorter work day . 
WAKE ME UP !!! 
Why does this weekl feel so long ?!! I woke up and thought it was Thursday , but alas , it is only hump day . Hope I am busy again today . 
Spinach salad with feta , pecans , rice noodles , cucumbers , onions and grilled chicken topped with awesom balsamic vinaigrette !!! Yummy !! 
Off to Parent/Teacher conferences tonight . Can't wait to see what they have to say about my smart girls ! 
I must have done something right in life to be as fortunate as I am with my girls . Their teachers had nothing but good to say about them . I am so proud of them and they are the best things to have ever happened to me . I love you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
So maybe a nap isn't such a bad idea after all .... 
Off to Downtown 
Out with my crazy girl ! Who knows what'll happen especially since my other crazy is coming out to meet us :) 
Dying to go to the movies ! 
I have never slept as much as I have in the lat 24 hours . I wonder if I will be able to sleep tonight 
Finds it amazing that you can get one single text from a certain somebody and your stomach starts feeling so funny . Why does that have to happen to me ? 
No phone for a day or two . Might be good for me :) 
It is really amazing how quickly money can be spent at < PROPMALE > E Cheese's . I spent most of my tokens shooting at giant spiders and < PROPFEMALE > is not going to have nightmares !!! 
What are you doing , Annaleigh ? What the hell are you doing , Annaleigh ? Being stupid I guess , But dammit , sometimes being stupid ends up feeling so damn good :) 
Well that was an interesting one . Don't think I feel too positive about it , though . 
Trivia night at the TR . Wonder if I will make it ? Still confused about sh*t . 
Working a beautiful double today . I need some coffee really bad and I don't have any at the house . 
I was lost without a phone and now I am found :) 
Just got home from a very exhausting day at work . Hope my body allows me to fall asleep soon :( 
I have such an uneasy feeling in my stomach and I don't know what it is for . I have two very busy weekends coming with my girls . Soccer , Zoo , Soccer , Pumpkin Patch . Why so much freakin ' soccer ?! 
Hmmmm , I need to just focus on the positive and not something I have nothing to do with . I am here for you < PROPFEMALE > , no matter what , and that is all that matters in the long run . 
These ' Housewives ' piss me off . Quit bitching about being rich . Why do I keep watching ?! 
Watching Bridge to Terabithia with the girls . I don't want to cry !!! 
OMG !!! What a sad sad movie !!! Madison and I were crying like little babies !! Sobbing and all . 
\I am going to name her < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Call her Anal for short . \ " Gotta love you Blackhorse kitchen guys :) " 
Tell me how it is that you can sleep , \ 
in the night , \ 
without thinking you lost everything that was good in your life\ 
to the toss of a dime . 
Soccer tournament in Nashville and then its off to the zoo Spooktacular :) 
Completely and utterly exhausted . Just got home from a soccer tournament and then the Nashville Zoo Spooktacular . Someone remind me next year that almost everyone dresses up at that thing . My poor , deprived kids ;) 
OMG !!! I am so freakin ' tired . Off to Nashville again for another couple of soccer games :) 
Since when does being the lead singer of KOL make you qualified to be a judge on Iron Chef ?! Wtf ? 
Work time again :) Let the money flow in . Although this weekend was a little extra hectic , I had a good time hanging out with my girls and a good time bonding with the ex-husband and his wife . ( Wth ? ) 
What in the world should I be for Halloween ?! 
I don't think I could ever stab someone . I can barely get the straw in the CapriSun ! 
I literally just deleted 150 friends . With all these privacy issues , I ' m not dealing with it . Besides , I am sicking of seeing my facebook friends in public and them not even talking to me . 
Being a mom is hard ... being a good mom is harder .... being a single mom is the hardest . I love you , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
Back to work :) 
How are you going to come in by yourself , sit at a table for 8 , order a Ribey midwell and then get mad at me because it doesn't come with veggies and a potato like < PROPFIRST>'s does ?! Are you serious ?!!!! 
13 hours on my feet . Now I am having a nice cold beer before I slip into my comfy hole in my bed :) 
My feet are begging me to stay in bed today . Your feet ever hurt so bad that they throb in the morning ? Now here I go back again . Yay for getting < PROPFEMALE > after work , though :) 
So I finally did it . I spent a small fortune on some Reebok's for work . I feel a little guilty but I have to look at it as an investment for my legs :) 
I am in a really great mood today !! Listening to the new KOL , getting ready for work and my comfy new shoes and then it is off to Nashville for a little mini I-hate-sharing-my-bday-with-Halloween for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . I love you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Starting out at < PROPFIRST > McGuinness and who knows where the night will take us . Wish us luck :) 
You know mission was accomplished when your besty gets kicked out of a bar for being too drunk and then passes out on the sidewalk in downtown Nashville . Happy early birthday , Jessica !!! 
I love how ecxcited I am to pick up the girls . Making lasagna and watching Karate Kid . I love these nights . 
In exactly 20 minutes , I will be stuffing my face with lasagna . Oh sweet , sweet lasagna . And if you ever had my spaghetti sauce , you would know how good this is going to be ! 
It was freezing this morning at < PROPFEMALE>'s soccer game and now the next one is going to be hot . make up your mind , Mother Nature . Moore Fall Festival tonight :) 
Remember the Titans NEVER ever gets old and I seem to cry everytime I watch it . I just love the message it sends . So little girls of mine , you can watch it all you want :) 
Off to sleep on this weird weather Saturday . More soccer tomorrow and I am thinking they will win , yet again , another tournament . So lucky to have bad*ss kids . Happy Halloween time :) 
Does anybody remember the movie ' Teen Witch' ?!!! I used to love that movie and recorded it and now that I am watching it , < PROPFEMALE > is LOVING it and I am luaghing at how ridiculously cheesy it is !! 
Yes , I am a terrible selfish person . Yes , I tend to put myself before others . But no , I would not be selfish if I knew someone was hurting . If you truly know me , you know this . It's sad what hurt does to people . 
I need to get a costume , pronto !!! Proabably going to be < PROPFEMALE > since I am now working Saturday night . 
Does anyone have a cowboy hat that would fit my big old melon head ? I would greatly appreciate borrowing it for one night . Thank you ! 
It's Monday , it's Monday and I hate fake people . Seems like I am surrounded by an incredible amount of them . Besides that thought , I am in a great mood :) 
I must calm down and remember that she is only 9 years old . I just do not want her to turn out like me . 
Screw you and the sick hold you have on me !!!!!!!!!! 
Ummm ... nevermind . I meant to say that I love all of you !!! 
Like my status and i will tell you : 1 ) something ive learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2 ) the color you remind me of 3 ) my 1rst memory of you 4 ) the animal you remind me of 5 ) something i always wondered about you 6 ) a weird nickname for you 7)whats on my shirt 8 ) challenge you to post this . 
I like it that in the morning , no matter what , I get to go pee first in line just because I am mama/mommy . Once in a while , it comes in handy . :) 
I do not like thunderstorms , especially ones that can produce Tornadoes !!! 
Words cannot possibly express how proud I am of my daughters . They are so smart and such amazing people . Along with their dad's and step-mothers , I have managed to raise , thus far , two very fantastic girls . 
Sometimes , all I hear is blah , blah , blah . I just don't want to hear your crap :) 
I have never seen 16 and pregnant before and I hope I never do again . I especially hope that neither of my girls ever sees it so they think they know an easy way in to being on MTV !!! Are you serious right now ?!! 
I find it so amusing when < PROPFEMALE > runs into my room in the morning to notify me that the toothfairy left her some money last night . Really , I wasn't aware :) 
Going into work at 10 this morning and won't get off until after 10 tonight . It's better that I make the money rather than spending it . ( So happy I get to see my girls get a \special award\ " tomorrow morning :)) " 
Still thinking about you . :( 
1 award down and 1 more to go . God I love my girls . Off to work after that for a short shift and off to the Pumpkin Patch tomorrow for my baby girl's very first field trip . 
Just got off of a very weird shift and now enjoying some Vanilla/Red . Gotta love working at a microbrewery :) 
On they way to the pumpkin patch with Krazy < PROPFEMALE > and awesome Asher . What the heck happened last night ?! 
Work meeting at 10 and I hope I get to stuff my face with donuts . Working at 4 and going in as a Cowgirl :) 
It is days like these that I love working at the pub . It is going to be so festive tonight ! Good times with some fun people :) 
So I think it's time to put my dancing boots on . Wait , they are already on !!! Going to be soooo much fun ! 
Annaleigh has a date tonight!!!!Let's see how this one goes . 
Last night was great!We'll see ..... 
I love being this sleepy when I am curled up in my bed . 
You know what makes me sad ? When I have something that makes me happy and I feel like I have no one to share it with . 
I can't believe my 5 year old just kicked me out of her first basketball practice . 
Something doesn't feel right . Going to bed and hoping I feel better tomorrow . 
Before you judge a person , walk a mile in their shoes . That way , if they get mad , you'll be a mile away and you'll have their shoes . :) 
Two things : 1 . I am way too needy and need too much attention . 2 . I get to go to a Preds game at the end of the month !! Yay !! 
Can I just tell u how much I love eating at the Waffle House ?!! 
Omg , this meatbull sub at work is pretty much awesome !!!! 
Porch Party !!!! I am so ready . ( PS-it's for sure , 99% of men suck ! ) 
Let's see how Jerseyfied I can make myself tonight . I can't believe I am going in public like this !! 
< PROPMALE > Street Chicken .... YUMMY !! 
Just one more night of complete craziness before I get my baby girls back and my life back to normal again . It is so refreshing sometimes to realize just how much I need them . I love you and miss you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
My couch has grabbed a hold of me and hasn't let go all day ! 
I wish I had my girls squishing me in my bed right now . Sure , I might not be saying that during Tornado season , but at this moment , I would give anything :( 
Diners , Drive-Ins and Dives makes me incredibly hungry . Does it you as well ? Let me know !!! 
My computer is sooooo slow !! I can't wait to get a new one ! (Loving the Pumkin Pie Spice Coffee in my hand right now ) 
Just because daddy played bsketball doesnt mean < PROPMALE > can !! 
To all of my friends who \check-in\ " all the time-DON'T DO IT TO ME !!! I don't want anyone to know where I am ! " 
Uh-oh . I can't stop sneezing , eyes won't quit watering and I have snot running out . This better not continue tomorrow ! 
I don't know how people skip showers in the morning . That and coffee are the only two things that can wake me up . And some of my friends don't even shower everyday !!! 
Had my 1st of what I feel will be many \girl talks ' with < PROPFEMALE > and it went a lot better than I expected . About to go to sleep and can't wait for sweet dreams !! " 
Homeade nachos with homeade guacamole !!!! Why am I always talking about food on here ? Does it correlate to my muffin top ?! 
Homeade guacamole rocks !!!! And so do ' nacho bowls ' by the way !! 
Off to see Mega-Mind with my girls !!! 
Have you ever seen ' < PROPFEMALE > On Me' ? This is such a great movie !!! 
I like watching Shake Weight commercials late at night . It makes me feel kind of dirty :) 
Beautiful Fall day outside and going to go throw and hit some balls with the girls !!! I love my little athletes ! 
Sure it's Monday , but Monday has feelings too and we need to stop associating him/her with negativity . Lets spread the love to Mondays and he/she might do the same !! :) 
I am going to admit , I have a problem with coffee . I am sitting here , at night , drinking some . Bad bad news . I am just like my mother !! 
Although my morning started out by arguing with a 9 year old , like usual , I have a very nice and simple life . I have two girls who love me unconditionally , a few friends that I know will always be there for me and a job that pays the bills . A lot of people don't have even one of those . For that , I am thankful ! 
5 shifts in the next three days but I don't mind at all . I am looking forward to all of them !!! And this weekend is going to be so much fun!!!Parker's first basketball game and then girl's night out on Saturday . Can't wait :) 
I want to go to the Titan's game on Sunday sooooo bad !!! Somebody come with me so we can scalp some tickets !!! 
' To All the Friends I've Un'ed Before ' by < PROPMALE > Paisley and < PROPMALE > Rucker-check it out for National Un-Friend Day which is tomorrow . Funny crap ! 
Going to work a party at work tonight with Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Collins . 
Going out tonight :) 
< PROPMALE>'s first basketball game today :) I can't wait to see a bunch of 5 year olds scrambling for that ball . There is no dribbling to them . 
Oh goodness , another night with Stewie and I get the feeling that it might be one of \those\ " nights . Again . " 
Tap Room stairs , you finally got me :( 
So me and Stewie have determined that I officially have a mullet . That is just fan-freaking-tastic ! 
Anyone know where I can volunteer on Thanksgiving along with < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Watching Brew Masters on Discovery . I like beer ! 
Hmmmm .... I had a terrible day . But what makes it worse it that I can't figure out why . I am sure tomorrow will be much better . And I tried to give you a < PROPMALE > . Mondays ! 
I didn't sleep at all last night . I am on autopilot today . 
Feeling much better just because I am off of work . Basketball practice and cuddling with my favorite people in the world . AND we don't have to wake up early . Sweet ! 
What am I doing up , still ? Hoping my eyes close on their own soon . 
Liking this day so far . Going to work tonight and hoping that we are busier than ever , since nobody likes to cook the day before Turkey Day . Very thankful for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > for keeping me as sane as a crazy person , like me , can be :) 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody . Today I am thankful for my mama . Without her , I couldn't be thankful for my two amazing and beautiful children . Thank you mama for making me a mama :) 
Stress level just skyrocketed 110% . Happy Holidays to all of you . 
Watching Elf , which is freakin ' hilarious and the girls are writing their letters to Santa . So maybe I am getting a little excited about Christmas . Oh the determination has triumphed over the worry . 
I can't wait to get a fresh Christmas tree . They always smell sooo good ! 
I have nothing to do . I hate being bored . I also hate being ignored ! 
Wonders why some people in her life have gone completely mad . Stinks that they will never be the people they once were and never be able to rekindle that friendship . 
I could have fallen asleep at the wheel on the way home . I think heated seats make it a little too comfortable in the car . 
I suppose I shouldn't let a 5 and 9 year old put me in such a bad mood , but they can say some really hurtful stuff without even knowing it . 
I am pessimistically optimistic . Make sense ? 
So I have very few close friends , but do you know why they are so close ? They make me laugh my butt off . Yes , they are crazy . So what ? They are still pretty damn funny ! (You know who you are ! ) 
Have I ever mentioned how much I love milk ?! It is just so good when you are thirsty ! 
Whenever you think that you have it bad , ALWAYS remember that someone else out there has it much worse than you . 
Somebody told me that I look mean all the time . It's just my face , man . You want me to just walk around smiling all the time ? 
I have to bartend this morning and I'm not going to lie , I am kind of feeling weird about it . I HATE change . 
Not going to lie , pretty freakin ' nervous about this date . Crossing my fingers that it'll go well :) 
Date night was absolutely wonderful :) 
Why do I love sampler platters so much ?! 
Last shift of the week tomorrow . I can't wait for the day I don't have to get a refill again . 
So me and two other girlfriends have a spare ticket to the Predators game tonight and want to know who wants to go with us . Leaving at 5:30 so let me know . Oh and it's free too !!! 
Last < PROPMALE > to go to Predators game for free . It is going to be sooo much fun !!! 
I love Nashville and I love live sporting events . I have a feeling this will be a good night ! 
I might be one of the only people not happy about it snowing outside . Snow = school being cancelled , which = having to call out of work , which = no money , which = no bueno ! 
I always mess things up with irrational thinking . I really need to work on that . 
There is nothing like some hot chicken and sausage gumbo to warm you up . 
Just got our little Christmas tree and I LOVE that smell . Reminds of the days when I was actually excited for the Holidays . 
We just discovered that < PROPMALE > has her first loose tooth !!! My babies are getting so big :( 
So I wake up to go pee and now I can't go back to sleep . I have way too much on my mind . 
Bartending .... again . Do you think I am happy about it ? 
I swear once December is over , my negative attitude will stop . Sorry to all those who it affects . Stress can be a nasty thing . 
You know what I love about being a woman ? For couple of days a month I get to have an excuse for acting crazier than I usually do . 
This number game sounds like fun !! Inbox me a number and I will respond to that number with what I think about you anonymously on my < PROPFEMALE > . Or even aske me a question , I don't care ! 
#13 -I always thought you hated me as kids . I remember you had a sleepover in 9th grade and pretty much invited everyone but me . I invited myself !!! Always felt like you were laughing at me while everyone was laughing with me . 
#111 - I always thought you were just the sweetest person . All you ever did was giggle at my cheesiness . And who could possibly forget the trip to Louisville and everybody almost getting in trouble for flashing ! Well not you of course . 
#55 - You were the first person at work to get me hanging out with everyone . You noticed my tanlines and always made me feel so pretty . You are also extremely easy to talk to and I know you will make a wonderful husband :) 
4760-I have known your skinny ass way too long . I always knew you had a crush on me as a kid but it was way to weird as adults . You are a really cool person , not just guy and everytime I see you , we stiull have fun . Still have your coat btw :) 
#56 -For real ?! You really need me to profess my undying love on Facebook ?! I adore you and your children so much and have no clue what I would have done without you , especially in the last few years . 
#187 -Horrible number !!! Can I say cauliflower ear ?! You were a badass wrestler and always cool to < PROPFEMALE > out with . We had some ggod times with Billy :) 
So this is my last one . #1 - CRAZY !!! But you are always so much fun and I love how honest you are . #415 - when you are in a good mood , I love being around you . You can be such a sweet person . But when you're in a bad mood , watch out . I hate it . And #24 - I shouldn't have to post anything about you . If you feel like I don't truly love you , than you don't know me . But sometimes people grow apart , but always remain close . 
About to order < PROPFEMALE>'s Nike high tops that she is dying for as a Christmas present . So excited to see her face when she opens the box . Thanks , Mama !!! 
Going to do my best to go into work in a positive state of mind . 
Sleep oh sleep , where have you gone ?! 
Do you ever feel like everyone has something to say to each other but they won't ? 
I am feeling so in love . I thing I want to get married ! 
I am feeling so in love . I think I want to get married ! 
There are some very weird looking people in this world . I guess I may be to one of them , huh ? 
Feels so good to be in my bed with a new book . Even better knowing that my girls are in the next room . 
< PROPFEMALE > has lost two teeth in 24 hours !!! Parker was soooo awesome at defense today , I know nobody will ever be able to push her around . Now off to buy little Asher something and hopefully eating some cake :) 
Hearing my girls wrestling in my room , on my bed and doing everything I can not to intervene . This is part of their sister relationship . Too bad if a tooth gets knocked out . This is what they are supposed to do , right ? 
Sometimes , when I think too hard , my head hurts . So I just stop and don't think and turn into a dumb person . 
Go for the 12 . Why not ?! 
Holy crap !!! I had no clue that Fraggle Rock aired anymore . My girls can't understand why I loved it so much as a kid . 
Dear Santa , \ 
All I ask for this Christmas is a massage so that my neck and shoulders can remember what it feels like not to have little balls all in them . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Annaleigh 
All I ask for this Christmas is a massage so that my neck and shoulders can remember what it feels like not to have little knots all in them . \ 
Annaleigh\ 
( Thanks , A . V . P . ) 
I would love to be as excited as everybody else that school is cancelled ! 
Thank you so much < PROPFEMALE > for watching my girls tomorrow !!! God I hope they act good ! 
It is soooo freakin ' cold outside . I hope we have customers at work !!! 
Can somebody please explain to me why school is out again tomorrow ?! It's a good thing I don't have to work ! 
School is out , yet , here I am , awake and on Facebook . You know you're getting older when your body doesn't allow you to sleep in anymore . 
I HATE YOU MILEY CYRUS !!!! I hate you for me watching the news and seeing you on it and having my 5 year old daughter say \I can't believe Miley smoked out of a bong . \ " Really ? No more < PROPFEMALE > Montana or anything Miley ever again ! " 
I don't what to say . Keeping so many people in my thoughts right now . 
Feeling very lucky for all that I have even if it isn't as much as a lot of people . I have two healthy and intelligent daughters that I love and cherish . A job that pays me and a car to drive with a roof over my head . Hit me if I complain anytime soon . Seriously . 
God I love Real Housewives of < PROPFEMALE > Hills !!! Complete trash ! 
Two sick girls . Thanks goodness it's the last day before Christmas break . 
Weird that I am working tonight and not today . I guess that gives me time to lounge around , do nothing and maybe a nap . Very , very strange ... 
Oh Sonic , I can't wait to tear into your burger and tots :) 
Screw the horrible fake people in my life . I love how you talk to me when I am around you yet talk so much shit behind my back . I hopw < PROPFEMALE > gets you . 
Got a manicure today because I deserve it and a new purse because I deserve it ! 
I am happy right now and it feels good . Ready to wrap this year up and start another one with muc different stories . Much different . 
A fish wouldn't get in trouble if it just kept its mouth shut ! 
Now I am cursing you , Mello Yello !!! I am in pain and soooo tired . 
Only two more days body , don't give up on me now . 
I think very few people have any clue how badly my body needs a massage . I can literally feel it falling apart . 
Two days in a row that I have woken up at 5 in the morning and can't go back to bed . I am not happy about this . 
Sitting around at the Blackhorse and it is very weird ! Just sitting .... 
What a good day !!! I am sooo happy :) 
Hmmmm ... I love being watched , analyzed and judged . Don't you ?! 
Everyone that is with their family today should be extremely thankful . As for me , off to work at the pub and then impatiently going to wait to see my girls tomorrow so they can tear up the house :) 
I don't think birds on < PROPFEMALE > Street celebrate Christmas because one just took the biggest crap on my windshield . Merry Cristmas to you too , bird with diarrhea !!! 
Wow ! Who would have thought that we were going to be busy today ? So much for the mall !! 
GREAT shift at work today . So glad I worked . Now off to brave the other last minute shoppers that like to procrastinate as much as me ! 
So I think I may have gone a little overboard this Christmas . There is no way a 5 and 9 year old need this much stuff . 
I rushed to the mall after work just so I could get < PROPFEMALE > a specific bracelet and charms and the lady didn't put the bracelet in the bag !!! What do I do ?! 
I can't wait to see my girl's faces when they open their gifts !!! Merry Christmas everybody and thank you to those who have made mine so much better . You know who you are :) 
Going to see Tron with the girls today ! Merry Christmas everybody :) 
I think I am going to see how long I can go without shaving my legs . It's been over 3 weeks now and I bet I could fool even the biggest doubters . 
Tackling a lot of cleaning . Wish I had a truck so I don't have to make two trips to the dump . 
Absolutely nothing to wear for New Year's < PROPFEMALE > , so that settles it . I am staying in . 
I do not need to watch these unsolved/solved mystery shows before bed . 
Family Guy is much much better . But why do I feel so silly when I laugh out loud when I am alone ?! 
Sigh .... 
The Bridges of < PROPFEMALE > County has to be one of the most romantic movies I have ever seen . I love it . 
Ugh ... why is it when you hear one weird noise , you automatically think somebody is breaking in ?! I am freaking out here :( 
My horoscope : The perfect balance of connection and disconnection will be represented in a relationship . You'll enjoy activities that allow you to do your own things right alongside someone who is doing his or her own thing . 
Fell asleep at 6 and woke up at 10 . Going back to bed now :) I need to get ready for this work stretch of mine . 
Going to work today and celebrate the festivities with a movie :) Going to work tomorrow also so no parties for me tonight . 
Oh goodness , what have I gotten myself into ?! 
NOTHING to wear ! Nothing :( 
Oh my goodness !!! I am beyond tired . Only 5 more days until my next one off :) 
I can't wait for the 9th and the 15th !!! Good times and great dancing :) 
So sleepy but I can't stop thinking about the same thing/person . Ughhhh ... get out of my mind so I can sleep ! 
I hope I get my butt kicked at work like I did yesterday !!!! :) 
Why is it so hard to like certain people sometimes ? Can't it just be easy without rubbing each other the wrong way all the time ? 
Had a very interesting chat that lasted almost two hours . I wonder what will happen . 
I know that < PROPFIRST > Favre is a much loved quarterback , but why are all of these allegations so shocking ? He is a famous and wealthy athlete . What do you expect ? Just sayin ... 
How I love my Stewiie !!! I love my date nights . 
Oh thank you , Stewiie , for letting me finally have a short shift today ! Day off ? What is that ?!! 
Oh my goodness , the ideas are going crazy 
Some things will never change 
Decided to not work today for one reason-so I can be alone :) 
I think it's funny how I chose to get my shift covered , yet , I feel guilty about not working . God that place is addictive . 
I love coming to Mr. Gatti's! 
I think I am going to call BS on this one . Still , too excited for upcoming events to truly care . 
I think I should start a clothes exchange program . I am so sick of my clothes but I am sure somebody else would like them . I lend you mine and you lend me yours :) ( When I lend out clothes , I NEVER get them back ! I hate that ! ) 
Seeing < PROPMALE > Carrey host SNL reminds me of how funny he was on In Living Color . We used to watch that show every week ! 
I just had a dream with Kanye West , Sheryl Crow , Jenny McCarthy , Amy < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Sawyer . We were all camping and swimming . Well I could literally feel the sun on my face and it felt soooo great . And its supposed to snow tonight :( Booooo ! 
Party time tonight!!!Can't wait to see all the girls in their best and all the guys competing at their silly dancing . This is the one night where I truly love working at the pub and know just how much they appreciate us . What other business does this for their employees ?!?! 
I want to start getting ready now !!!! 
It's so late/early . 
Holy crap !!! What a night . It's all coming back to me now . At least I don't have pictures of me up on the bar :) 
Who's ready for pictures ?!!! :) 
Still paying for last night ! Going to watch Hoarders and probably gross out with all the rats on this one . 
Somebody please tell me that they are watching Hoarders right now !!! Insane ! 
Had a boring day at work . Seemed like lots of people were pissy , except me . Made some nacho bowls with < PROPMALE > and now relaxing . I can't wait for this weekend !!! Great times with a couple of my good friends :) 
Oh , Laughing Cow Cheese , I am so glad you were on sale at Kroger . You are so delicious on crackers . But I am having a hard time believing that you are healthy with as < PROPMALE > as you are ! 
So I locked myself out of the house this morning . No socks , little sweater and no phone . Let's see what kind of day I have today . 
I love that I paid $10 for a top to wear this weekend !!! I love sequins ! (So what if I'm 80's ?! ) 
Loving < PROPFEMALE > + the Machine !!! Madison felt the music , which astounded me , and now is very special to me . Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > Collins . 
Nashville bound tonight and I cannot wait ! We are going to have so much fun . These are some of the craziest girls to party with and I have no doubt in my mind that we will have a blast ! 
I love you Nashville !!! I can't wait to see you this evening . 
No Nashville trip for me tonight . 
Date night .... with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Just have to say that I love the people that know me . Like , really know me . 
And I thought it was just going to be dinner ! Holy crap ! 
It has been 4 years since I got to have a baby all to myself . I can't wait to have baby < PROPFEMALE > here ! 
Which one should we go see , Black Swan , Ture Grit or The Fighter ?! 
The Fighter was AWESOME !!! 
Slumber party time at my house !!! 
Someone told me today that people are mean to me because they know I won't say anything back . I guess I feel that if someone wants to get mad at me or be mean to me , when I haven't done anything , has something wrong with them . I am a believer in picking and choosing your battles and the ones that I have encountered lately are simply a waste of my time . 
I had to get onto P tonight because she was sassing me . After I slightly raised my voice , yes slightly ;) , all the kids are silent and < PROPFEMALE > says to me , ' She NEVER does that at school!'I know sweet < PROPFEMALE > , it's only to her mommy . 
I can understand how the Duggars have all those kids . The older ones raise the younger ones !! Madison was so helpful last night and today . She has such a gift with kids , they just gravitate towards her . Parker ? Eh , not so much . 
So proud of < PROPFEMALE>'s straight A's but very upset at the thought of some little girl picking on Parker . Not going to happen . 
OMG , freaking out right now !!! Some kind of manhunt going on right in my neighborhood !!! I wish this house was picked up and put in a nicer part of town . 
If you notice a zombie walking around work , its just me . Sucks that I am not getting the sleep I wanted due to a crazy person being chased ! Baseball bat and mace are right by my bedside . 
If you are going down a road and don't like what's in front of you and look behind you and don't like what you see , get off the road . Create a new path ! 
I guess I am just a mean person :( 
Holy crap ! Stuck at a gas station and having to leave my car here . How did it get so bad ?! 
This has really turned out to be a crappy day ! Got stuck at a gas station . Ex-husband had to come get me . Finally make it home and I don't have my phone ! I think it is in my car :( 
Last night was a crappy night for me and so glad today is here . I hope my phone is in my car and not on the snowy ground . And I hope my car won't have any trouble making it home ! 
YAY !!!! I got my phone back ! 
So any plans that we had today have fallen through due to the fever my poor P has . I hope it is just a 24 hour bug . She actually turned the tv off and said she wanted to go back to sleep . Now that is a bad sign ! 
So every year I take a vacation by myself . I think the girls are old enough to appreciate a trip to the beach now . Anybody have suggestions on where to stay on the Panhandle that would be fun for them but they wouldn't be exposed to typical Spring Break stuff ? Oh , and economical , too :) 
So my poor baby girl is even sicker than I thought . She turned off the lights and tv herself so she could go to sleep . At 6 ! 
Not a very good start to the day . Still a sick P but this time a little vomit got thrown in . I hate it when my babies are sick , hate it . 
So since < PROPMALE > is sick , Madison isn't here . So for the last two days I have been confined to my bedroom with a quiet 6 year old . Although , I hate that she is sick , I can't explain how bored I am and how much I wish for adult interaction ! 
I don't understand why some people have pets . It is horrible that my neighbor leaves that little thing outside , attched by his leash to the fence , barking since 11 this morning and then tells it to shut up because he is barking . Did you think he might be cold since he looks all about 7 pounds ?!!! 
Pickled jalapenos , raw jalapenos , roasted jalapenos , stuffed jalapenos , I dont care what kind of jalapeno ! I can eat them with anything or at anytime ! I LOVE THEM ! 
Taking < PROPMALE > to the doctor today so that they confirm what I already know . She has a virus and needs lots of fluids and rest . I wonder why I even bother going sometimes . 
Just like I predicted , a virus that we can do nothing about . All I can do is let her rest and love on her even more than I have been . 
I just want one day where I don't argue with a 9 year old . If she only realized how good she has it ! 
Dear Old Man Winter , \ 
It was all cute and stuff the first time I saw you rear your ugly head our way . But that was the Holiday season . That time is over so I am ready for your old a*s to move out of the way and let beautiful Spring shine through . \ 
The woman with frozen hands and feet . 
For one second , do you think I would back down from an argument ? No way , if its something that's about my kids . 
I am definitely paying for last night but it was so worth it !!! I don't think one person had a badt time !!! 
Hurry up , Stewie , I am starving !!!! 
I got some food in my belly and I think I might pass out on this desk . Looking forward to see what this weekend has in store for me :) 
Oh how I love randomness in my life ! 
It was soooo difficult waking up this morning . Waiting on my coffee to wake me up and then it's Friday at the pub :) Have to admit , I am really excited about tonight ! 
Who took the grey jersey dress out of the closet at work ??? 
Who took the grey shirt out of the closet at work ?!! I have your Grey cardigan As hostage !! 
Happy , happy , happy ! 
Holy crap !!! This phone is awesome ! 
Got a new computer , too ! I needed it badly . 
Date night again ? It must be my lucky day ! 
Looks like I got ready for nothing . Sucks . 
Well finally made it to Nashville :) I hope he remembers this date ! Geez !! 
Sometimes things just go right . I love it ! 
30 year old women rock :) 
Butterflies , please go away . I really need to eat ! 
It is Monday and it is going to be a great day , I just know it . 
I will keep an open mind this time . 
Tuesday , I need you to hurry up and pass so Wednesday can as well and Thursday can finally be here ! 
So I think my mouth is going to get me in some serious trouble one of these days . Soon . 
A whopping 12 degrees at 7 a.m. tomorrow morning in Clarksville . Wonderful , just wonderful . 
Note to self : stop being condescending . Hmmm .... 
Very very bad dreams last night . What is going on ? 
Some people are just wrong . That is what I get , though . I thought < PROPFEMALE > already paid me back . 
Another note to self : If someone continuously tells you that they are weird , they probably are . 
Ugggghhhh , now I need something to do tomorrow night . 
Omg , what happened ?! 
Guess what ? I'm not working today and I am going back to sleep :) 
< PROPFEMALE > night !!! i don't know if that is good since Tequilla makes me feisty . 
Have I ever emphasized how much I hate fake people ? Seems like I am surrounded by them everyday\ 
Is it that hard to be real ? I'm thinking it is for you . 
Mother Nature , please behave so that I can take the girls to the Frist and the Spaghetti Factory tomorrow . It's our girls day :) 
It looks like Nashville is on but first it's off to get all 3 of us a haircut . 
I need a nap now . Not looking forward to the drive home . 
I will not spend a lot of money at Walmart , Dangit ! 
Yup , spending money . Hey , I needed new bathroom accessories 
I LOVE SKYPE !!!!! 
Do you think it is ever really possible to stop putting yourself in situations that you know will only end up hurting you ? I wonder that sometimes . 
< PROPMALE>'s World on SNL ?!?!?! That just made my night ! 
Runny nose ? Check . Headache ? Check . Congestion ? Check . Sinus infection ? Thinking so . 
I am about to take an area rug and matching runner to Goodwill in about an hour or so . If you are interested , I will give it to you for free . Need to get rid of it today , though . 
Oh onions , I will still taste you tonight . Good thing I don't have anybody to kiss ! 
Loving all the new little additions I have bought for my house ! 
Go ahead and get your wallets out now people !!! Madison and < PROPMALE > are raising money for the American Heart Association . All of you stepped it up last year for them , what can you do for them this year ?! 
So I can't be stupid anymore now that I know all this . 
So maybe it isn't a sinus infection 
I can't breathe ! 
Feels sorry for some people . 
Nashville what ? 
You know what is going to be awesome ? Talking to tables sounding like a man . 
I totally cursed myself by saying that I never get sick ! 
Had a FANTASTIC night at work ! 
Alright , Mucinex , everybody is saying that you are going to help a sister out . Let ;s see what you got ! 
Sooooo sick today , Mucinex didn't do crap . Hopefully a weekend in the bed , doing absolutely nothing but taking care of myself will help . Who has some chicken noodle soup ? 
Just ask me if I have been out of bed today . Go ahead , ask 
Apparently , I am trouble . How am I trouble anymore ? 
OK , cough , you can leave me now . I am not having anymore fun sounding like a man . 
My belly is hungry but I don't feel like getting out of bed ! Somebody please bring this sick girl some food ! 
Seriously ? I just got this phone and it's already messed up . I am having some bad luck lately . 
SOOOOOOO EXCITED !!! I just bought two tickets to KOL and Band of Horses in Memphis . I don't know who is going with me and I don't really care . Road trip to Memphis :) Here I come Rendevous ! 
So , still really sick but I have to get out of bed today to do some cleaning . I need to kill these germs . Oh yeah , I need to get my phone fixed !! 
Every year , when I was growing up , my mom would get me something special for < PROPFIRST>'s just to show me she loved me . I am doing the same for my girls this year and I can't wait for them to see their baskets :) 
I may have gone a little overboard on gifts for the girls for tomorrow . I just get so excited to see their faces ! 
OMG , Madison is not only playing travel soccer this year but we also just signed her up for travel softball . So both girls in sports , all summer long . Oh my ! 
I am glad Eminent won\ 
Check SNL's weekend update skit appearing ' him and Lil Wayne ' . Freaking hilarious ! 
It's kind of scary when you stop caring . 
Today is going to be beautiful outside so it has to be good inside ! 
My horoscope for today : You are so alive with ideas , ambitions and love , sweet love . With so much to enjoy about your life , there is hardly a moment to waste . 
Me and P tonight . I love it when she is sweet to me ! 
I just asked < PROPMALE > why she doesn't help put groceries away like her sister and that little punk said because she is lazy and likes to watch TV instead . Thanks for the honesty , P ! 
Why is it that when I have a < PROPMALE > to get off my feet , which I am on all day , I don't do it ? Habit ? 
I want to be a Braverman !!! 
I love being able to open the windows up ! Bartending today , come and visit me people . ( Just not from 12-1 when I am super busy ! ) 
Why do something half-a*s when you can give it 110% ? I have never understood that . 
New tires equals empty wallet ! 
I need a ride to Wal-Mart :( 
LOVING my Friday night with the girls ! So proud < PROPFEMALE > is playing travel softball :) 
Gnomeo and < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! 
Hmmm ... who else can I play ' Words ' with ? 
Gnomeo and Juliet , here we come . 
First day of softball practice and it'd great ! I don't even mind that my life will be devoted to it for the next 7 months ! 
I guess it's better staying up this late to read than staying up this late to do what I do best-get into trouble :) 
Early night for me . 
Do you remember the first book you read that really moved you ? 
Parenthood is the one show I really look forward to each week . 
Hump Day , everybody !!! Got my coffee in hand and looking forward to work . 
The fur is gone . Bye bye hair . 
Cutting all those teaching jobs in Detroit and Rhode Island ? Are you serious ? This is really bothersome to me . What are we supposed to do without teachers ? Talking about 60 kids per classroom and no principals on site . I am in shcok by this . 
I want an < PROPFIRST > party !!! Why am I the only one that gets excited about awards season ?! 
Screw Clarksville and hello Nashville . Going to have a good time ! 
Liar , liar , pants on fire . Come on , people . 
That was a great 13 1/2 hour shift ! 
Just one last shift , Annaleigh . You can do it ! 
Oh beer , how I love thee . Day off tomorrow and softball tryouts for Madison . Can't wait to see my baby girl whoop some ass . 
Academy Awards time !!!! 
Why do so many men have red beards or goatee's ? It is very weird . 
LOVED IT !!!!! 
Thank you Friends . I love being talked about . Especially people I work with . 
I can't believe I did this . 
That's what happens when you mess up . I am taking it like a man and not going to complain . So what to do , what to do on this unplanned mini-vacation . 
I love this episode of Family Guy ! Might be my favorite . 
I want lunch at The Looking Glass tomorrow . Who is coming with me ? 
Feeling a little bit helpless right now and want to drown my sorrow with sweets . Usually doesn't happen like that . 
Going to get a lot accomplished today , I can feel it ! 
! Necesito < PROPFEMALE > cerveza ! 
I don't think it's such a big deal to go into a bar and have a drink alone , especially a woman . I love it ! 
But this place sucks ! Where do I go next ? 
Back to work . 
So funny to me that people get mad when you delete them from Facebook . Is it really that serious ? 
I love this mini-makeover that I have done to my house !!!! 
I'm not sure what made me think that me and the girls would be able to eat 2 16oz Ribeyes . I am so stuffed . 
Oh , lazy Sundays , why are you making me go to Walmart ? I want to stay in my dark room and hide from the cold . 
\I love my life ! I couldn't be happier ! \ " LMAO !!! " 
Just kidding , I'm not stupid . I could be happier on the beach with a Pina Colada . 
My mother is a genius ! I can't wait to go see her . 
A Rush Of Blood To The Head will never get old for me . 
When you have worked in the restaurant business , the movie Waiting never stops being funny . Every character can be be related to at least one colleague you work with . And the same goes for the customers ! 
I don't know why I am always so scared to remove myself from my comfort level . I need some change in my life if I want to move forward . Nervous , but wish me luck . 
Gas really sucks right now !!! And I am driving to Southern < PROPFEMALE > next weekend ?! 
Don't let your 5 year old consume too much fruit on one day !!! This will cause your 5 year old to wake up in the middle of the night making funny noises in the bathroom and make everyone in the house very sleepy ! 
So , I feel like I am back in high school again . High school consisted of me having two real friends and the rest were pretty fake . Not a very good feeling . 
So if you happened to get a brochure for the < PROPFEMALE > City Road Race or if you happen to see one , take a look at the picture and see if you recognize the artist's name . Yup , it's < PROPFEMALE > Rios !!! I am so proud of my daughter and all of the amazing abilities that she posesses . 
I cannot express , in words , how pissed off I am right now . No sir , can't explain it . 
Two smells I wish I could smell right now so I can go back to when I was a kid . < PROPFEMALE > Jell-O and Nesquick Strawberry Milk . Especially the milk , man . I want to be a little kid again . 
So glad I am going to Nashville so I can get my mind off of some stuff . Thanks for picking up my shift , Stewie :) 
I love Broadway !!! 
Science Fair night !!!! Madison is so excited and so am I ! 
So I think I am going to read The 5 Love Languages . Has anybody read it and will it be worth buying ? 
I want some really good hot wings , bad ! Hurry up and open Buffalo Wild Wings !!! 
I am so saddnened by all that is happening in Japan . It is so hard to understand some things . 
Oh my goodness , I am freakin ' starving !!!! 
God , I love Sonic , even if it does make my butt bigger ! 
I cannot fathom what it would be like to go home and all of it be completely wiped out . It makes me feel very lucky to have never experienced anything like that and to know that my family is safe and sound . 
OMG , I cannot wait to see the beach this weekend !!! 
You know when you are so tired that your eyes start rolling into the back of your head ? Yup , that is totally me . Goodnight . 
Wow , I slept a lot . Celebrating St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day at the only pub in town and then getting ready for our trip to see my mama . So excited . 
89 degrees tomorrow in Hinesville , Ga !!! I can't wait to be on the beach ! 
My awesome mama booked a room for us on Jekyll Island this weekend . Exactly , what I need-a pool , the sun , ice-cold beer , my mom and two amazing little girls . 
Beach bound , and it is hot as a mofo ! (Dang you , Stewie ! ) 
A day of relaxing at Mom's house while we get ready for Tybee Island tomorrow . That place has a lot of great memories for me and ready to make some more . 
Please , anybody , next time I go to a beach and decide to not put sunscreen on certain parts of my body , i.e. my chest and back , tell me I am stupid and that I will itch and hurt really bad that night . ANYBODY ! 
We were sitting at this randon Mexican restaurant on Tybee yesterday and guess where my server was from ?! Clarksville !!! I knew it would happen , I just knew it . Leaving today but super excited to hit up H&M on the way home ! 
Happy 6th birthday to my sweet < PROPMALE > Grace . I am so lucky to have her as mine . 
You ever have an itch and then scratch it only to find out that isn't at all where you itched ? It is a really weird feeling . 
Going back to work today after a full week off and I am very ready for it ! Happy Friday ! 
It's 5:08 p.m. , how long will it take < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > to get ready ? Any bets ? 
Dos Margaritas it is ! 
Can't wait for Nashville tonight !! 
I had an absolutely terrible time last night . I am pretty sure I learned my lesson . 
You know what ? I think I deserve a pedicure after my crappy ass night with < PROPFIRST > Griffin . It's all about me , me , me ! 
Happy Monday ! 
Definitely looking forward to this weekend , love Softball season ! Until then , just going to try and make the money :) 
Is it hard for anybody else to watch some of the contestants on DWTS ?! 
Happy Hump Day !!! Got my coffee in hand and going to have a good day . ( Madison better help me clean when I pick her up from school ! ) 
Awkward ! 
So freakin ' excited for softball !!!! 
Busy busy day today . So why am I on Facebook instead of getting ready ? 
Is it terrible that I enjoyed watching the Kids Choice Awards with Madison ?! She definitely got the obsession with awards shows from me ! 
Yum yum yum , Sonic slushie is calling my name ! 
Practice from 5- 7:45 ?!!! They better be awesome ! 
Just remember when you think you have it bad , there are lots of others who have it much worse . Have a stellar Monday . 
Sugar , sugar , sugar and salt , salt , salt-Get in my way and I will consume you in any way , shape or form ! 
