was affected by the twitter-suddenly-posting-to-facebook thing . 

needs help with homework already ugh 
finished history questions , annotating Mango Street , & reading The < PROPMALE > , still need to annotate < PROPFIRST > Duk and answer questions about all three , and memorize countries & cities . WHERE DID SUMMER GO ? 
The only thing that keeps me working is the pleasant noise the computer makes when I check off a task . 
Farewell , summer . It was nice knowing you . 
finally finished < PROPFIRST > Duk , now 16 more questions until FREEDOM – for one night . 
Eight questions , twenty minutes , can I make it ? Maybe if I stop annoying everybody by posting my progress on Facebook I can ! 
finished his homewsngglxcvvzzzzzzzz 
really , really , REALLY hopes annotations aren’t due tomorrow 
is still barely half finished with kindred 
is going to bed :) with kindred :( 
won a stereo from school ! 
There’s no English II H homework due Tues ( Wed for gold people ) besides Hamlet , right ? 
doesn’t really care about Shakespeare , thank you very much . 
just went brain-dead . Without finishing the English essay . 
revived my brain enough to finish English . Math will have to wait until lunch . 
You know you’re ready for the math test when the hardest part of the problem is making sure you don’t confuse your Us and your Vs . The AP Euro test , on the other hand 
just had THE BEST HALLOWEEN COSTUME IN THE HISTORY OF EVER . I will be < PROPFIRST > Dent . Just in time , too . 
must not go on MLIA 
spent four hours on AP Euro notes alone , not even the questions yet . Kill me now . 
was correct in his estimate of 8 hours to finish homework . That’s like a whole other school day right after the first one ! Definitely time for bed . 
Sisters are wonderful things when they get you chocolate < PROPFEMALE > ice cream , but not quite so much when they get the < PROPMALE > Bunch theme song stuck in your head . 
Were Hamlet Act II questions assigned today ? 
Half the time I see “lost my contacts” in a facebook group/page/event/thing I think somebody can’t find their contact lenses 
isn’t up at midnight . Oh , no , sir . 
As if I didn’t have enough to do , the dog peed on the rug and we’re out of rug shampoo . Today , I hate you . 
Probably reminded Mrs. Landinguin about your quiz tomorrow . If it makes you feel better , I won’t be here to do it . 
Need sleep and to do homework . Don't really have time for either . 
89.31 in AP Euro , so close ! 
Religion is like geometry . Because God and the Church is a couple , and God is male , the Church is female . Because Jesus is God , Jesus is male and coupled with the Church . Because the priest acts for Jesus , the priest is coupled with the Church . Because the priest is coupled with the Church , and because same-sex couples are wrong , the priest cannot be female . 
Anything due for Landinguin tomorrow ? 
amazing how quiet everything gets at 2:30 AM 
I swear my life just skipped two hours there . 
My life’s gone from School ? Homework ? Fun ? Repeat to School ? Homework ? Repeat . 
Señora Madden’s homework isn’t on ABI , dare I not do it with that excuse ? 
I seem to be starting an eat-lunch-a t-t wo trend for winter break already . 
thanks everybody who wished me a happy birthday , it was great . 
I'm just going to steal all my History comic ideas from < PROPFIRST > Izzard . He's surprisingly accurate for a comedian . 
Mrs. Landinguin doesn’t understand any more of this book than we do . 
Everyone wondering why people are putting a color as their status , ever think of moving your eyes three inches up and to the right to do a search on it ? 
The ability to BS is a wonderful thing . 
Of course the absolute best time to realize you left the homework for your first class at school is at 10:00 the night before 
Studying for Spanish orals ranks very high on the list of things I would not like to be doing at the moment . 
The point of school is to educate you for the “real world , ” right ? Well , by the time I get to the real world I’m going to have access to the Internet pretty much continuously , so why not do the same with finals ? 
Great Expectations : Promising start in terms of story , language can be tough to decipher , plenty of things to annotate . 
If not for the book notes , I think AP Euro would be one of my favorite classes . 
Here’s a thought : what if when Black Elk was telling his story , he was actually just telling his story , not making strained metaphors for anything . 
Also , for English II ( H ) procrastinators , have some vocab : http://quizlet.com/1791746/e2h-s2-v1-flash-cards/ 
just wrote that Black Elk’s mission was to save the Na’vi . 
Sneaky peeky at the Robotics website . http://iwillsite.com/robotics/ Only guaranteed to work in Safari at the moment , now I need to do testing with other browsers . 
2 hours , 1 < PROPFEMALE > of AP Euro notes , 1 nap . This is the way homework should always be . 
It’s as if Mrs. Landinguin knew I didn’t have any other homework , and was trying to make up for it . 
When someone figures out why Dickens describes Wemmick as wooden or his mouth as a post office , let me know . 
At this point I’d almost rather get stabbed in the eyes with a rake than finish this English essay . 
We made great progress in Robotics today . When we connect the batteries , the robot no longer falls over or catches fire ! 
This must be Thursday . I could never get the hang What ? It’s only Tuesday ? 
We got Mr. Muthaya to teach us to meditate today . Almost makes up for the boatload of homework I have to do . 
Rain , rain , come again . Come again , and again , and again , and again , enough that I don’t have to go to school tomorrow . 
I forgot about Primary Sources . Fuck . 
Does anybody want to come ice skating tomorrow at about 2:30 ? 
Going through old quizzes is a great way to find material for annotations . 
If you squint at the book while holding it at arm’s length in low light , it looks like I finished my annotations ! 
My eyes see Nazi , but my brain thinks Na'vi . No , I'm not obsessed with anything . 
Hmm . Study for FRQ , or try to get enough sleep to not fall asleep in the middle of it . What should I do ? 
Soon , my mother will realize she should stop trying to cook quiche . 
A 6.9 magnitude earthquake in Baja California , felt all the way in LA . And they said I was imagining it . 
I have entered the long dark tea-time of the soul . 
I'm sorry , Mr. Lorme , but AP Euro is just not the most important thing in the world . 
http://xkcd.com/282/ 
Help . I need one more influential person from 1550-1650 . 
Have I ever mentioned how much I love AP Euro ? Yeah , it's because I don't . 
Great . I apparently left my AP Euro book at school . I guess I'll get to find out how doing over 50 pages of notes in one day feels . 
After writing so many DBQs and FRQs , it's hard to write an English essay . I keep forgetting that you don't actually need facts . 
What I should have been doing : Homework . What I have been doing : Watching Iron Man . Hey , at least it's not Avatar . 
My internal clock loves to mess with me . You sure it's not still 8:00 ? 
I should start a \Guess what I'm doing instead of homework\ " game . " 
Forgot my Spanish paper at school . What were assignments 2 and later and the homework ? 
I love how I was about to write an entire paragraph that disproves my argument . 
Help . I need another , less repetitive way to identify the Movement in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Yes , Mrs. Landinguin , the one thing I most want to do after turning in an essay is write the equivalent of another body paragraph . 
I've used Kite Runner quotes from < PROPFEMALE > 92 and 192 . I desperately want to use this one on < PROPFEMALE > 292 , but it's really just a repeat of the 192 one . 
Chocolate-covered pretzels . I am content . 
30/30 on < PROPFEMALE > annotations . Not bad for not starting them until one period before they were due . 
Since everyone else's saying it : Ugh , Spanish orals . 
Happy Towel Day ! 
My attempt to see Iron Man 2 again has ended in failure , and < PROPMALE > of Persia tickets . 
I'm not just not studying , I'm not-studying . ( That is , actively refraining from studying instead of just doing several things that happen to not include studying . ) 
For an uneventful day , this has been pretty eventful . 
The one thing I want to be doing less than preparing for the Religion final is preparing for the English final . 
My favorite Izzard quote , I think : ( talking about < PROPMALE > and the Burning Bush ) \You're a very complicated bush . We're not used to that ' round here . \"" 
\Je dois partir < PROPFEMALE > intenant parce-que < PROPFEMALE > grandmere est flambée . \"" 
Why am I awake ? Well , when faced with the choice of going to sleep or watching Iron Man , which would you choose ? 
Mmm , chocolate . 
The secret to making everyone think you make great dinners : start late , so by the time you finish they think any food tastes amazing . \ 
\ 
Well , that , and make great dinners . 
Why am I always the only one in my house that feels the earthquakes ? 
That SAT Prep class was the most absolutely boring thing since Landinguin . 
\We must collect them . < PROPFIRST > 
There , I annotated a < PROPFEMALE > of Grapes of Wrath . Is this homework done yet ? 
All right , I officially propose that there is no correlation between how tired I am and how much sleep I've gotten recently . 
I love how it's my fault that I waited until the last minute because they wouldn't buy the books I asked them to until two weeks ago . 
Grumble . The Road is much more difficult to annotate than Grapes of Wrath . 
It's also why I hate shopping . 
Wheat thins are an addictive substance . 
Why didn't Mr. Woolery just say , \Highlight this entire packet\ " ? It would've made this a whole lot easier . " 
Does anyone know what religious imagery Ms. < PROPMALE > is talking about in the “The days sloughed past ” passage ? 
“I’m glad my printer is inkjet , because judging by its reluctance to print my Physics homework , it sure doesn’t like Toner . ” 
having entirely too much fun programming with potatoes . 
Facebook should change their name to NotHomework™ 
Graphing grumble boring grumble grumble . 
I love making words happen . 
Why do all my amazing ideas happen after I run out of time to execute them ? 
Very enjoyable birthday party . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Pouring water on physics homework : Not a good idea . Now not only have I made mistakes , I also can't erase them well . 
Quote of the night : \Don’t add math to strudel . \"" 
Current weather : < PROPFEMALE > . NO , YOU THINK ? 
Excessive heat . Lack of the predicted excessive heat . Thunder without rain . Double rainbows (!) without rain . Now , rain . \ 
I don’t know what’s going on , but for once the weather isn’t boring . 
I found Jupiter ! Well , my dad did , but I got to look at it . Saw the four visible moons really clearly . 
I would rather listen to < PROPFIRST > Beiber than do this Spanish homework . \ 
YES , I WENT THERE . 
Mandelbrotwurst . 
Ugh , that PSAT class . I need somebody to argue with , it’s been bottled up for three hours . 
Fringe . The best show on television . 
Four people . Three laptops . Two piano keyboards . One dog . No comparison . 
OK . First of all , 10/10/10 happens every century , not just every millenium . Secondly , binary is used in bytes , which have eight bits ( eight < PROPFIRST > ) each . 42 in binary is 00110100 00110010 . 
That was pretty good Tuesday cake . 
One of every ten people born is gay . That means one of every ten people is instantly put down , given bad labels , put in a minority , and so much else , all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are going to commit suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better , and you respect them for who they are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't , but let's see the 5% who will ! 
Hot cider really does wonders for creativity . 
It doesn't matter that we haven't talked since Freshman year , I still don't want to have to say goodbye . RIP , Conor Lynch . 
Am I the only one who’s having trouble finding evidence in favor of capital punishment in the essays < PROPMALE > gave us ? 
It's a fez , I wear a fez now . Fezzes are cool . 
I started out trying to add facts to one body paragraph . Looks like I'll end up rewriting the entire body . It's not like I need to sleep tonight or anything . 
Does anyone know the name of the documentary < PROPMALE > showed us about capital punishment ? 
Yay , caffeine . Because we all know my sleep schedule needs to be screwed up some more . 
Today was wonderful . Today was terrible . 
The dog waits outside my room until I leave so he can come in and sneak onto my bed . Especially when it's dark out , because the light bulb on that side of the room is on a different switch . 
I find Facebook Mobile's lack of comment likes annoying . \ 
Not disturbing , I'm not nerdy enough for that . 
Another day , another problem in Robotics . 
Thanks , everyone , for going to < PROPMALE > Potter without me . 
I think I've hit the limit of my APUSH tolerance . 
Dear teachers : There's a reason we don't have school , and it's not so you can fill up our time with homework . 
Physics or < PROPFEMALE > Letter . Physics or < PROPFEMALE > Letter . Physics or < PROPFEMALE > Letter . \ 
I think I'll do APUSH . 
I need my Spanish workbook today , so of course I brought it home yesterday , took it out of my backpack , put it back in again , and left it at school today . Go me . 
I gave my old iPod nano to my sister today . Let’s see how long until I want to use it . 
“There are lots of spare parts coming off ! ” - < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Naval \ 
“No , those aren’t spare parts . ” 
125 questions of notework , DONE . 
Nothing quite like riding your bike into a trash can to get you remember to turn the light on . 
OK , I printed out my Spanish homework AND put it in my backpack . I look forward to finding out how I'll lose it this time . 
Today in Robotics , we calculated how many different combinations of chips and dip there were ( 28 ) . Also , the robot works now . 
We have to write a song for Spanish ? That's not happening . 
Long , hot shower . Clean room . Next , sleep . Now life can get back to some semblance if normality . 
1 . Decide I want slippers . \ 
2 . I'm to lazy to get slippers . \ 
3 . Continue cleaning my room . \ 
4 . Put slippers away . \ 
5 . Wait a minute 
My mother is having a very vehement argument with a printer . 
This rain is not fooling around . I love it . 
Hey , the rain stopped . Somebody turn it back on . 
Waking up tomorrow is going to suck . 
68 terms and I’ve just gotten to the Declaration of Independence . I think the definition of this one is “boredom . ” 
When APUSH gets even more boring , things like “Northwewsta” and “immmmmmmirgartin” happen . 
I challenge everyone in AP CS to write a method body of FRQ #2d that's shorter than mine . ( You don't need to use the method body they give , and no cheating : any extra import declarations or methods you write are included in the length . ) 
The percentage of my mind urging me to not do my Spanish homework is creeping up towards 50% . 
Making pasta , idly wondering how much heat it takes to bring the water to boil . 
To do list for today :\ 
? Finish homework\ 
? Ignore Super Bowl\ 
? Acquire chocolate 
