happy birthday to meeee !!! 

yippieee !!!! 
wants to go on a freaking GRAND adventure . right ..... now . 
happy 4th everybody !! 
rest in peace , uncle < PROPMALE > . i love you . 
i love family . 
hope i'm not in over my head . 
FUCK 
the butterflies in my stomach ... they could bring me to my knees . :) 
alexx music . :) <33 
got to meet the cutest little baby today ! welcome to the world , < PROPMALE > ! 
class todayy 
cool . 
word . 
is moving out wayyy soon ! can't freakin ' wait ! 
who's ur official boloada ? 
work . school . homework . packing . moving . chilling . busy . busy . busy . busy . 
shakespeare ! 
awake 
needs cash 
kickin it 
think i might take a drive into the mountains . such a beautiful day . 
if it isn't making dollars , then it isn't making sense . 
just thankful . 
Slowest new years < PROPFEMALE > in pizza hut history !! where are all my drunken pizza eaters ?!? 
helllloooo MMXI !! 
this week is lame . 
this week is lame . really , really , REEALLY effing lame . 
happppyyy . 
yay for not dying in the mountains in the middle of a snow storm after getting stuck in a snowbank for hoursss . 
no wonder i like vodka . i LOVE potatoes ! 
i vote it should stop snowing . i mean , less is more these days , isn't it ? 
so i got a snowday . during my spring break . super cool . 
today is a good day to kill time by taking pictures .. 
Nothin beats bird watching at 5:54 on a saturday :) 
taco < PROPFEMALE > and techno on a thursday night . 
what a silly day 
i hate that i have like $600 bucks and i'm still technically broke . ha . lame . 
so much pizzzzza !! ugh . ready to go home . 
adventure is in the air !! 
What a weekend ! Friday- work . Saturday- work , party . Sunday- party , work . Monday- work ? clean , pack , party ?! 
Awesome ! more things missing from my room and my conditioner is water ! gee i sure do love my roommates to bits ! i mean , really , who wouldn't ? 
Growing up is cool . Until you run outta cash . 
no cell right now . i can get texts and get calls but i can't send any texts or make any calls ! hit me up if ya wanna kick itt !! 
and now my ipod is stolen . woohoo ! best year EVER for stuff getting jacked . 
WOOHOO ! YAY FOR PHONE SERVICE !! 
time for work ! 
Nothing to do , no where to go . and i totally forgot to save something for this rainy day . 
well gee , what a bummer . once again , i have no phone . 
So happy i have my phone back again ! should be for good this time ! :) 
I hate moving ... 
All alone in an empty apartment . i would rather have company . or at least tv . 
So not ready to move back home . 
Oh gee . life ... 
Had an awesome 4th !! Definately a good year . 
oh , goodnight , < PROPFEMALE > . 
sponge+starfish = scallop ? 
I really don't care for when life is a bummer . not really , at all . 
sometimes there are just those friday's where working til midnight is just plain undesirable . okay , maybe most of them are that way . 
I think my lips may very well be permanently stained red from < PROPFEMALE > kool-aid . gee how i love summer . :) 
has decided that chapstick brand chapstick is now her favorite because , unlike the other leading brands of chapstick , chapstick brand chapstick doesn't melt in your car when it's nearing 1000 degree weather outside . :) 
Lesson #0000 -12563000- How to make fire : Flick My Bic 
i really need to figure out how to get out of my friday night shifts ... 
Yay for friday night at pizza hut almost being over 
Oh tuesday how i wish you were friday or saturday . 
It's a somethingmaphone ... with a bow 
Watchin < PROPMALE > gump now and just runnin with the rest of the day . 
Happy shark week ! :) 
forgot to bring my coloring book to work again . damn . 
i want to be getting off work now . instead , i'm going in . yay .. hopefully it's a good night . :) 
Why do people run in the rain ? especially a sprinkle . i just don't get what's so bad about it . 
... Bermuda Triangle ... Dressed up like a robot ... It's gonna be great !! 
Lovin girls night !! 
almost got an eye infection . one of the few downsides to contacts , i suppose . 
driving with less than 2 good eyes at midnight kinda sucks 
well this weekend worked out way less than planned . bummer things didn't go the way i wanted . can't wait til next weekend and can't wait til my car is all mine again !! 
so happy i finally have real internet , like on a computer , back !! 
wow , getting bored online already . lol . 
bored . bored . bored . bored . bored . 
i bet it'll be busy . shower time . 
anybody wanna donate a laptop cord ? mine is just done . bummer . 
hmm . slightly curious why the lavender dishsoap in my house is orange instead of purple ... oh well , almost time for work ! yipppppeee !!!......... 
Unbelievable ! 
almost time for work again ... 
anybody up for a good game of cowboys and indians in the middle of this warm < PROPFEMALE > night ? 
Woo ! pizza hut dance party ! 
... i hear ... a bagpipe ... in the distance . huh . 
what an awesome day !! interview scheduled with the university hospital , first day of my 3 day weekend , the shop takes visa gift cards , goin up to the lake tomorrow , get my car back ... gonna be an amazing week !! 
apparently having the hiccups is what happens when you turn 20 . i've had the hiccups more times this year then in my whole life i think ! maybe i should get that checked . i'm totally over the hiccups . 
Gee , I think after today I'll have to look forward to Friday the 13th . 
today is another good day . :) 
i need to go to bed . 
interview at university hospital today !! wish me luck !! 
First interview at the hospital went well ! hopefully i nail the second one , too !! gee i hope this week is a lucky one ! thanks for the support everyone ! 
gettin my < PROPFEMALE > stars tattooed today !! super excited !! 
just waiting to get my tattoo !! super excited ! 
LOVE my new tattoo ! :) pics soon ! 
gee . my foot is so swollen from my tattoo ! but that's okay . :) 
I guess i'll take a nap or something 
Sleep tight , don't let the bed bugs bite ! 
Just one more hour ... 
i just wanna be paid 
I see the shadow of a fly on my wall . 
sooo happy to be done with that !! $8 fine , no record history . because i talked in a circle and wrote 3 papers . not a bad deal , not a bad deal at all . 
Bumped the beatles all the way home tonight . :) 
take nothing but pictures , leave nothing but footprints . 
next purchase : a digital camera . 
if you're my family- lets kick it . we need to take a picture !! 
I wish i did more traveling so i could use the audio/video postcard thing on my phone .. 
it's a nice day today . 
time for change . 
To all those in boulder : stay safe . <3 
today might be dull 
I think i brushed my teeth twice this morning ... lol . oh well , can't be too clean , i suppose ! 
Holy cow ! i found the end of this perfect rainbow ! no kidding ! i'll post the pictures . 
i feel really good about my workout today . 
Some people complain enough for every person . 
not a single order since 8:30 , 20 < PROPFEMALE > til closing time and i have nothing to do but wait . i wish i could close early on nights like these . 
I do love Saturday , by far the best day of the week . 
Never Forget . 09-11-2001 . 
ugh , my stomach hurts 
On time today ! 
On time to work today ! 
there are so many different ways to live life . don't be afraid to live the way that's best for you . 
i love brushing and flossing . mmm minty fresh . (: 
GEEZ !! I AM NOT A FAN OF PAINFUL OWWIES !! 
I love clean glass . 
I just delivered a pizza and they had arrows going down the middle of the road that ended with an x in front of their house . they either think i'm stupid ... or they wanted me to feel like a pirate . i felt more like a pirate than i felt stupid . 
There have been a lot of magnificent sunsets this week . 
I wish I opened on Friday's . 
We\ 
keep moving forward , opening new doors , and doing new things , because\ 
we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths . 
What a perfectly clear sky . there should be lots of stars tonight so look up in the sky and enjoy the beautifully clear night ! 
ouch ! tile , gravity and bone are a painful combination ! 
if ....... YOU'RE HAPPY AND YOU KNOW IT , CLAP YOUR HANDS ! clap , clap ! 
well , i'm certainly glad it's not national safety week , or something ! i am not having a very ouchless week !! 
ahh , my tummy hurts . 
Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told : I'm with you kid . Let's go . 
I like nonsense -- it wakes up the brain cells . Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living . Its a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope ... and that enables you to laugh at all of lifes realities . 
I love World Hunger Week at Pizza Hut . \ 
Donate $2 dollars to any Pizza Hut and feed nearly 10 children and help us win our fight against World Hunger . -100% of all donations go directly to the World Hunger program to help feed children around the world ! 
Found a beautiful Husky walkin ' down the side of the road tonight . Her name was flower . Luckily , she was a very sweet dog and had a collar on . So I called her owners and took her home . (: 
Gee . I don't wanna pay bills today . 
Another breath taking sunset over the rockies tonight . oh , how i love you colorado . 
The liquor store i work next door to closes at ten . after 10 i generally see 6-10 customers drive all the way here , park in front of the dark , closed store , get out of their car , walk up to the door and try to open it before they realize the store is closed . really , people ? could it be any more obvious they're closed ?! maybe they don't need any more liquor ... thank you , westwoods ; you are brilliant . 
Well , decided to total my car today . sitting in the er waiting to get xrays done . guess this was just the < PROPFEMALE > on top of my sunday .. 
Only a minor sprain to my neck . pain killers and rest and i'll be just fine . thanks for all the caring comments and texts and calls . you guys made the er much more bearable ! love you all ! 
I want some nutella on multi grain toast 
Alright , wednesday , here i come . let's do this .. 
estimated damage on my car : $ 6,749 . 00\ 
insurance deductable : $500.00 \ 
.... that is , if it isn't totalled . \ 
\ 
geez ! go big or go home , i guess !! \ 
i am so thankful for insurance !! 
Love the pitter-patter of raindrops outside my window in the middle of the night . :) happy fall , colorado . 
Alright , midnight , i'm ready to go home now . please , feel free to roll around any minute now ... 
Wow . woke up at 10:10 on 10/10/10 . weird . 
Die when i may , i want it said of me by those who knew me best , that i always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where i thought a flower woukd grow . 
Good night , world . see you bright and early . let's do coffee . 
I still have no idea what I'm gonna be for Halloween !! Better get on that !! 
today is a good day for laundry , cleaning and decorating . :) 
bored . bored . bored . bored . BORED . I wanna do somethinggggg . too bad i have no car . 
What a beautiful fall morning , colorado . this is why i love you . 
Geez , I think it's about time for insurance to finish everything up with my totaled car so I can get a new one !! 
I love it so much when my customers compliment me . like tonight a lady told me that my wonderful disposition made her entire night better ! :) it's a magnificent feeling to know such a great thing came from such small gestures . it's those customers that keep me coming back ! 
well , that just put a damper on my day ... fricken bummer . 
Putting away a truck order is like playing with 40 lb life size blocks ... kinda . without the intent of knocking them down 
car shopping isn't really much fun . until you drive off the lot with your new car ... CAN'T WAIT !!! 
look on the bright side ! 
has a car again ! yay 
If we all did the things we are capable of , we would astound ourselves . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
suga , how ya get so fly ?! 
' I didn't say i was better than anybody ; i just said i was the best'- < PROPFIRST > putney 
chocolate-chip cookies+milk then it's off to bed , i think . 
time to start applying for a second job . 
Really , Northglenn ? Who in their right mind throws away a book ? Well , not just 1 book but 3 books . Not just any 3 books , but 3 New York Times Best Selling Author/ Best Seller books . They may be a little beat up , but gee , the dumpster ... well , not even the dumpster , the ground next to the dumpster ? That's okay , I'll read your garbage . 
Happy thanksgiving , everybody ! today i am thankful for all that life has given me . my family , friends , for all the great memories and even the worst . i couldn't have asked for a better 20 years of life ! can't wait for the next ! also , to everybody who sent my mom birthday wishes , she thanks you all very much and is thankful to have all of you in her life . Sadly , the computer broke so she can't get back to you herself . 
in the end ... it isn't the years of your life that counts ; it's the life of your years . 
Just drivin 
Feels not so great . my nose is stuffy and i think that mucus family i always see on tv has stopped by for a wintery visit . not cool . 
Running late . it's definitely a roll out bed and get my butt to work kinda morning ! 3pm can't come soon enough . lol . 
Has a big decision and a lot of thinking to do on her hands as of this morning ... 
I love saturday's . 
Has a busy day lined up for tomorrow 
Feels discouraged already . Frickin boo . 
Well , honestly , i've had better monday's . but whatever . 
Is AWAKE . hmmm , what to do ? 
Loves the crisp , clean smell of the winter air drifting through the window in the middle of the night just before falling asleep . 
Wishes she didnt forget to bring her banana to work !! 
I want a new hobby . hmm . 
Gee , first friday off in foreverrr . i think after i run my errands i'll go to the mountains and enjoy this lovely winter weather . :) 
Errands-done ! Time to find another ' secret ' , spec < PROPFEMALE > cular , amazing place < PROPFEMALE > kick it in the rockies ! yay for december adventures ! 
Well hello , saturday morning , haven't seen you in quite some time . oh , how i'd enjoy you so much more if i didn't have to attend this alive @25 class from 9-1 !! 
so happy to be outta that freezing room ! hope that 50 bucks keeps me goin til i'm 25 ! drive safe everybody !! and remember : don't drive with stupid ! haha .. 
Loves being boss . 
awake . time to stretch , eat a banana , work out , shower , clean my car , buy yogurt , and go to work . hellooo sunday ! 
Holy cow ! somebody's house is burning down across the street from where i work ! i hope everybody is okay ! about 6 fire trucks and a ton of cops on scene ! 
Ugh , sometimes being responsible just makes me wanna take a nap . 
FINALLY The < PROPFEMALE > for my totalled car is PAID OFF !! There's a little more room to breathe . maybe now the rest of this mess can be taken care of ! 
Loves broccoli . 
Harder . faster . stronger . gotta do better . 
This flurry needs to turn into a blizzard ! a blizzard that gives me a snow day from work and a 2 day weekend ! come on winter ... harder , faster , stronger ! Haha . 
Darn . managed to forget my clothes at work . i really should just leave in my uniform ... but i just hate it so much . 
Oh how i'd love if life were a musical ... 
Yay for starbucks with caylah !! 
Bed before midnight ? i think so . 
Only 3 more work days til my vacation ! Ahhh 7 whole PAID days off ! can't wait ! can't wait ! can't wait ! 
Sunday night football can suck it when i'm short handed at work . 2 More work days then 7 whole pizzaless paid days off ! couldn't ask for a better christmas week . 
Needs a fixed laptop and new ipod . won't let this ipod get stolen , though . the 3rd one's a charm , right ? 
I think i'm gonna cancel life on monday's for awhile . they don't work out for me too often . 
Super stoked to watch the eclipse ! here we go . 
oh gee ! trans-siberian orchestra is in < PROPMALE > tonight !! definitley wish i had known earlier , i would love to experience their spectacular music live !! bummer ! 
t minus 4 hours til my vacation starts ! soooo super stoked !!! 
operation christmas vacation officially underway ! 
Had such a wonderful christmas < PROPFEMALE > . :) < PROPFEMALE > christmas to all , and to all a good night ! 
Went to a fancy new coffee shop with < PROPFEMALE > this morning . we looked at the menu , knew what nothing was so we settled on white hot chocolate and the fact that you would think we'd know more about coffee . 
lack of sleep and terrible rap is pretty okay if you're with a really great person the whole time . 
today is a great day for some physical activity ! 
Ugh . money . 
I've made a whole lotta u-turns today for knowing where i'm going . medians kinda suck . 
Gotta love all this white stuff !! remember to drive safe , everyone ! i know we're from colorado but lets not get cocky , the roads can still be slippery !! 
t minus approx . 4 hours til operation christmas vacation comes to an end . not as sooo super stoked as when it began but it was a better vacation than i hade ever hoped for that included more amazing people than i had ever expected . t'was a successful end of the year . :) 
I wanna go ice fishing ! wish i had thought of that during vacation . it's okay though . i'll just go not on vacation ! 
Not too sure why my knee hurts . all the more reason to get to sleep , i guess . busy monday ahead . 
Pretty sure i'm about to experience the longest waiting time ever to register my motor vehicle . only about 100 < PROPFIRST > away ... i should have brought a coloring book or some sorta crafty thing to do . 
gee , i am so thankful for impatient people !! they make my wait so , so much less painful . 
Super happy to know what the problem with my laptop is now !! Nothing horrible ! 
is really super interested . :) 
Lots to get done at work today . i love my day shifts ! good morning , world ! 
Got everything done way early today . can i go home now ? 
Can't wait til my pay is doubled !! 
Woo ! pizza hut dance party for the next 2 totally dead , boring hours ! come dance ! ha 
I want to go ice skating on a real frozen lake . 
boooo 
Bubble bath . 
a good box can make a great house 
nothing is something worth doing 
ice cream and some < PROPMALE > tweedy @ the boulder theater with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > deatherage . couldn't be a better night off !! :) 
Well , guess i'll just have another dance party tonight ... woo ! 
well , i'll just go to bed . so tomorrow can be productive . :) 
Honestly just discovered one of the most shocking things I'll ever discover in my lifetime and I have no idea how to feel about it . - Nov . 8 1998 RIP ... I think . 
officially cancelling my life on Mondays . THEY SUCK . 
Okay- another bummer . just gotta look on the bright side ! - at least it's < PROPFEMALE > !! right ? :) 
anybody in co going to school to be a locksmith ?? i need one that will < PROPMALE > my insurance . 
this is getting incredibly ridiculous . i need a glass of wine . 
well , bummer . - that's done . more wine , i guess . wish i could lock my car . 
my boss is lending me a couple bills to get a new key made . i have the most awesome boss ever ! - even if it is only because he doesn't want to work my shifts ! 
well tonight surprised me none . bummer though . ohhh well . 
ugh , things just aren't going the way i'd like so far this week . 
welp . need an entirely new ignition . yipppeee !!! - definitely glad the weather is happpyy today !! 
I need a hug . 
Give me the beat boy and free my soul i wanna get lost in your rock n roll and drift away ! 
just think of a wonderful thought , any happy little thought . 
Geez i cannot catch a break this week ! 
most expensive freak accident of my life !!! $745+tax to fix my damn car . lame , lame , LAME . There goes my tax return .. 
jammin to some reggae and cleaning . :) happy saturday ! 
this is going to be a better week . i insist . 
Well , this monday has been much , much better than last monday ! my better week has begun ! woohoo . insisting does a week good . :) 
day 2 of operation ' better week ' underway . have a happy tuesday ! 
today freakin rocked !! court and e'rrrrythang . happy tuesday , happy tuesday indeed ! :) 
Can't wait to go home and get snuggled up in bed !! 
It'd be pretty sweet if i could fall asleep earlier . good night , world . 
Life is funny and i love a good laugh :) 
If you were a hobbit you'd be a douche-baggins haha I love the people I work with 
what a wonderful saturday !! 
I HAVE SUCH AN AWESOME SHIFT AT WORK TODAY !!! kinda excited to work it . 2- 7:30 . easy peasy !! 
woo ! 10lbs down , 20lbs to go . i can see the horizon for a healthier ME !! :) 
candle lit bubble bath , a little meditation , some shpongle & explosions in the sky . i can dig it . 
I need to get to a hobby lobby soon . i'm aching to do something crafty . 
This whole world is so visually stimulating . how can you not want to see it all ? 
stressed . time for some meditation !! wish i could just take a nice long DRIVE to the mountains and clear my headddd !!! 
Enjoy the sunshine today !!! 
Haha ... Had to laugh a little when I realized most of my hair ties have ended up on the living room floor as cat toys ... 
< PROPFEMALE > excited to have an ipod again !! 
what a night . 
ow ! my tummy hurts today . :( 
perfectly purple :) 
THERE ARE SO MANY BABIES ON THEIR WAY !!! Even ' The Office ' is about a baby shower today ! I Can't wait to meet a single one of them ! Congrats to ALL the expecting parents in my life !! 
Hobby Lobby should have delivery service . 
I like this Wednesday . Nice hot shower , some hot cocoa , 6 hour meeting that I get to wear business casual to , then home for some more coloring , I think ! I 
just got a fortune cookie that had 2 fortunes in it . pretty sure that's lucky , or something . :) 
Well that sucks . the power is out ? guess i'll take a shower in the dark . haha . thanks snow storm that i wasn't expecting ... 
Well gee , i wish i had taken into consideration that no power also means no blow dryer before i got in the shower ... shit . 
\you're no match for my brain . \"" 
I sincerely dread the day television sets become too advanced for my NES . i love me some old skool . 
Figure skating is an incredible sport and i especially love when they skate to funk ! 
SUPERBOWL SUNDAY !!! Gettin ' pumped to go get my work on , woo ! 
makenna says , ' remember : you cant eat all the gumballs because then you will choke . ' :) i love 3 year old life lessons . 
I like babysitting , it's kinda like a playdate ! ohhh , 3 year olds are fun !! 
Well , it's earlier than I had expected but I guess I'll be looking to go back to school this summer or fall . Should be exciting ! :) 
hakuna matata !! 
I find it hard to believe I'm nearly 21 this morning- Sitting on my sofa , in my PJs , watching < PROPFIRST > & eating Froot Loops thinking about what crafty thing I want to do today . 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately ... Re-post if you have some of the BEST !! I love you guys ! 
bath time . fo'shhhoo . 
Sunglasses can make one feel pretttty snazzy 
Just got my ears tapered from a 20g to a 10g by < PROPFEMALE > Mo Journey ! Ouch . I love them !! 
i need to think up some creative money making tactics . 
Miss < PROPFEMALE > had a steamboat , the steamboat had a < PROPFEMALE > * ding , ding * ... 
pretty positive that there's a fine line between busy and flakey , 
Happy day , St. < PROPFIRST > . 
is stuffed !! 
yuck . bills . 
Ahhh ! Totally stoked for today ! 
Almost forgot how much I LOVE my car !! Thanks soooo much to < PROPFIRST > Large and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for helping me out to get things fixed for a reasonable price ! I met an incredibly wonderful family in the midst of a mess , some people in this world are really just plain awesome ! 
i really wouldn't mind having spring every february :) 
goin ' on an adventureee ! 
Driving through a cloud . :) 
I think today I'll run some errands , get some laundry done , and clean up my room . Then , download some new bluegrass and take a little hike in this BEAUTIFUL , Colorado sunshine ! 
What's going on ? there's lollipops in the mouth and soda outta the hand ? wtf ?! 
Really happy i have such a well made hat for this chilly weather ! :) 
\tie dying : just because hippies can do it doesn't make it easy . \ " Hahaha " 
I need to take a road trip to somewhere marvelous . like disney world . they say that's where dreams come true , right ? yeah , i'm definitely down for a dose of dreaming . 
Geeeeez . My paycheck is really good at magic tricks ! It just disappeared before my own eyes !!! 
Haha ... 1-800 < PROPFIRST > ... They call like I'm gonna answer .... Hope they like < PROPFIRST > Cash . 
It's a silly time to learn to swim when you start to drown . 
Day shift tomorrow . :) Time to hit the hay ! 
Welp , no phone for awhile . Soooo ... hit me up on here if ya gots somethin ' to say ! 
Wish I had my phone working !! 
<3 Top Gun . :) 
well , it's half past midnight ... guess i'll go shopping ! 
payyy dayyy !!! phone is back on ! hit me up ! 
Just kickin it at < PROPFIRST > carpenter swinging n jammin to some tunes . :) gorgeous day ! 
GEEEZ ! I have a lot of lucky little leprechauns with birthday's today ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > Fox , < PROPFIRST > Walczyk , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Rucker ! HOPE IT FRICKEN ROCKSSS ! 
Another St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day wasted because of working nights ! Boooo , I say , boo . 
Well gee ! I got the luck of the < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! A customer came in and gave me $1 and a $2 scratch ticket as a tip for their $10 order and I won $14 ! Now that's just plain word . Hope all spirits are high and the world is celebrating safely ! 
Reallllly in the mood for a mini-road trip . 
I do believe in sleeping , i do , i do ! - why won't i fall asleep ?!? 
I have such an insatiable urge to write on walls more often than not ... 
Phew ! Right on time !! 
When you're curious , you find lots of interesting things to do . 
When it comes to money .... my feelings are all jumbled up . 
aannnnnddd time to get ready for work . woo !... feels like a long week already . 
wellll i'mma little toasty !! g'night world , see ya in the mornin'! 
find happiness in the trip , don't worry about the destination 
My feet have been so cold lately and I just don't know why . not even socks and blankets are getting these puppies warm ! 
I want to have a 3-day cowboy and indian camping costume party in the < PROPMALE > ! 
Morning ! 
Diagonally cut sandwiches taste so much better than horizontally cut sandwiches . 
Burr I wasn't expecting it to be quite this chilly ! good morning , monday ! 
ohhh , application processes ..... yippie , yay , horray ! .... this is a time i would appreciate a sarcasm font . 
It's gonna be a longgg friday ! So happy it's spring outside ! 
What ?! A law that prevents children from playing outside ?? Get of if grown-ups !! Go to a park and play a damn good game of groundies , maybe while you're there you'll run into your inner child and they'll teach you how to be less bitter !! 
Remember : whether a bot is made of new parts , old parts , or spare parts , you can shine no matter what you're made of ! 
... \ummberrrs ! \ " ... haha " 
Totally stoked I'm off at 4 and the sun is shining ! 
