spent the day with my momma 

classes babysitting and working over night is kicking my butt . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you ! 
Thank you everyone ! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!!!!!! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > , I love you !!!! My baby is getting his permit !!! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!! 
blue 
Happy Birthday to < PROPMALE > , Kyndal , Tudy Bug , and Kynsleigh 
I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! 
I love you daddy !!!!! 
IT'S BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!!!!! Everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister or both ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! Copy and paste this , and lets see how many people love their siblings 
Just to let all know with much sadness , my dad has passed away . I love you Daddy !!!!!! 
my dad will be buried with full military honors at leavenworth July 30th at 2:30 thank you all for well wishes I am at peace knowing he is out of pain 
OMG you just can't fix stupid ...... Don't know why ! But people just amaze me , how stupid can get !!!!!!!! 
thank you to everyone for the thoughts and prayers with my dad's passing ... It was much appreciated 
I think it's funny when someone deletes you as a friend because you disagree about their opinion .. must not have been a friend to begin with ... 
Happy Birthday to my cuz Chrystal !!!! Love you !!!! 
yeah chiefs !!!! 
It's really hard to keep your mouth shut , when you are defending your children's honor ... I am so very proud to call < PROPFIRST > , Jr. < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > my kids and they make me so proud every day . I love all four of them and nothing could ever change that !!!!!!! 
Thank you everyone !!! 
Thank you all so much !!!! and thanks for the whipped cream in the face , Jr. and < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!! I can put this on the list of one of the best !!! yeah must have been the whipped cream !!! thanks son !!!! 
Speechless and shocked !!!!! 
Can't wait to see my grandgirls !!!! It's been way too long!!!!Can't think of a better Christmas gift .... thank you lord !!!!! 
Boo Yah !!!!!!!!! Chiefs 
that game was pathetical !!!!! 
YeaH ) 
