For new year's I get to have my wisdom teeth removed . fun ... :/ 

I got a Facebook !! Finally !! 
Graduation was something else . I enjoyed the all night party but I don't think that I'll be staying up all night for a long time . 
I've decided that I don't like the real world or it doesn't like me one or the other or prehaps even both ! 
Being an adult is no fun ... Can I be a kid again ? Please ..... Oh and just so everyone knows I'm going crazy ! 
wishes that her sister would ask before she uses Jaycee's computer and that she could see her friends more often . She misses them all greatly !!! 
hopes that wishing on stars really works because she really wants this wish to come true ! ( no , she is not telling anybody so don't ask ! ) 
loves a good book when she gets to relax . 
just when you think that something is simple you gather more facts that make life complicated . 
OMGG ! Colonel O'Neill is my favorite !!! and Candalynne , < PROPFEMALE > , and I are the only girls I know who know about Stargate and love it . Anyone else out there ? 
I hate it when your fortune cookie tells you what everybody else has been telling you ! 
College is going to be a little scary . And I still have a BYU hoodie what do I do with it now that I'm going to the U of U ? 
I'm 15 for a moment\ 
Caught in between 10 and 20\ 
And I'm just dreaming\ 
Counting the ways to where you are \ 
........... \ 
life passes so quickly ... 
wonders \At what point does a commitment become not worth it ? \"" 
thinks that the summer is going way too fast . College is coming and she isn't sure she is ready for it . 
Wow Youth Conference was awesome ! But I am now exhausted and I still have to go to play practice . I should probably take a nap . I love naps !!! 
Just so everyone knows eight hours of play practice SUCKS !!!!! especially with no air conditioning . And I'm going to be tan !!!! WEIRD !!! 
Hey Everyone , I am now officially tan ! I think it looks kinda wierd but don't take my word for it . Come see < PROPFIRST > this Thursday thru Saturday . 
Do we gaze at the stars because we are human , or are we human because we gaze at the stars ? 
I love Thunderstorms ! They are so .... cleansing ! And Exciting ! 
Those of you who haven't been to see < PROPFIRST > and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat . Shame on you !!!!!!! Come see it ! You will love it ! And if you know my dad come to the matinee and see him as Pharoh . 
THIS IS YOUR LAST < PROPMALE > !!!!!!! If you had any < PROPFEMALE > what-so-ever to see < PROPFIRST > and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat tonight is our last night . PLEASE COME !!! We would love to see you there . It starts tonight at 7 . Tickets are $6 for adults and $5 for seniors and children . It is so much fun . Please come ! 
You can't take a guy seriously when he has eyeliner on ......... Long story ! 
Cause out there somewhere someone's gonna love ya ............ warts and all ! 
How is it that everyone is so excited about college and I am terrified ? Is there anyone out there that is the least bit nervous ? 
If you can see this come to my senior voice recital . It is today at the Piano Gallery in Riverdale at 4 . With refreshments at my house afterward . Please come I'm afraid that no one will come ! 
Just got her young woman's medalion today ! Finally ! 
Tonight is my last night home . I'm nervous for tomorrow . 
College is interesting . I really feel like I belong here oddly enough . My roomate is awesome and amazing ! And I found an old friend < PROPFEMALE > . I'm having a great time , but I kinda feel bad for < PROPFIRST > having to hobble everywhere . I kinda killed him yesterday ..... we walked around a lot ! Poor guy ! 
I have to learn how to play the french horn and the trumpet at an intermediate level this semester . First time picking up a french horn and I got a sound out of it !!! 
College choir is nothing like high school choir . College choir is intense !!!!!! I LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thank you Mr. Waymen ! Your skills in teaching me music theory have helped me so much in college . I will be able to pass my College music theory class ! 
I learned in college that is really is possible to go up hill both ways !!!!!! 
misses talking to her sister muchly ! And she hates carrying the french horn everywhere on Tuesdays and Thursdays ! 
Someone up there must be watching out for me . How else did I end up going to college with my best friend , an old friend and end up rooming with another version of Candalynne ? 
I miss my voice teacher ...... and her warm ups . 
I finally got some music other than classical on my ipod . It's awesome ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > ! 
......... spent the day wondering if I could really be a Music < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ...................... Can I ? 
Counterpoint ....... torture for musicians !!!!!!! 
is home for the weekend ! lol or at least my parents house cuz i now call my dorm \home\ " ... :) " 
likes visiting home . Everyone misses me now that I'm gone . They appreciate me a lot more . 
what do you do when you have nothing to do in the music building because ALL of the practice rooms are full ? ...... Randomly get on facebook for an hour . 
I am so tired today ...... okay really more like this week . Why can't it be Friday already ? Fall break .... so close yet so very far away ! UGH ! 
Packing to go home for fall break !!! FINALLY !!!!!! 
Lets face it you didn't forget . you just didn't care enough to remember . :'( 
wants to get her hair cut . What if I cut it short ? What would you think ? Please comment . 
I love the look on the kids faces when you go back to visit the high school . \Wait what are you doing here ? \"" 
If you could go back and do things over again would you just make the same mistake or would you really change ? 
sometimes I feel lonely in a crowd of people .... unimportant and unnoticed .... 
My roommate is corrupting me !!! 
It's Friday night and I'm in my dorm alone doing laundry ..... I lead an exciting life . 
There's no place like home ... there's no place like home . Hey look I'm home ! Just in time for Halloween ! :D 
I donated my hair to locks of love .... Now it is really short ! But I think I kinda like it . 
I feel very alone today ..... unfortunately this is also one of my low self esteem days too . ........... :/ 
God loves you and Satan hates you !!! so stick close to God ........ thank you Brother Crimin ! 
Dear Utah Weather , I know that you are fickle but would you mind greatly staying autumn until I can get my winter clothes out please . I don't have my boots yet . Sincerely , Jaycee < PROPMALE > , unsatisfied customer . 
Okay this is a shout out to all of you who play the piano . I need a piece to preform at a recital . I'm an early intermediate student and I need a piece challenging enough to take a month to perfect but not so challenging that I won't be able to learn it . Anyone know of such a piece and where I might find it ? PLEASE HELP ME !!!!!!! 
It is kinda sad that if you don't get on facebook for a day you feel like you have actually missed a week in your social life . 
I really hate being alone . 
:'( ............................................................. Yeah just been one of those days ...... 
I have the very best roommate in the entire world ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > for being so understanding . 
today is one of those days where i just want to curl up in a ball and not step outside of my dorm room .... unfortunately life has other plans for me . 
What is the difference between a hack and a musician ?.................................. A hack has a life . 
Wow that is some storm ! I'm glad I'm safe and sound at home ! 
I'm safely in Colorado ! Happy Thanksgiving to everyone !! 
GO UTES !!!! ( sorry cougars it is < PROPFEMALE > from the San < PROPMALE > game ) 
I'm COLD !!!!!!!!! :( 
For all of you who love me enough : You should come to the choir concert at the U of U . It is going to be pretty much amazing ! It is December 10 and 11 at 7:30 in < PROPFEMALE > Gardner Hall . Tickets are $10 ( I think ... ) 
Today just isn't my day ................... :/ 
I love you Grandpa < PROPMALE > ..... :'( 
Could we please just fast forward through the next two weeks please ? < PROPFIRST > you can live through Saturday if you want to but let's skip the rest . 
I just got an A on my trumpet playing test !!! Yay !!! I also just performed at my recital for Keyboarding and I did great !!! Yay !! Now if I get some observations in today I will have had a fantastic day !! 
I'm currently safely in Arizona . I will be back in my dorm room by Tuesday evening and back home in West Point on Friday evening . I just have to live through finals week first . 
Tequila\ 
Sprite\ 
Gin\ 
I'm with you there Candee ! 
Done : Musicianship final , Keyboarding final , Bedding washed , bathroom cleaned ( thanks to < PROPFIRST > ) , presents bought for a couple of siblings and Sanctuary caught up on\ 
To Do : Music < PROPMALE > final , Music Theory final , Pack , Clean out and Unplug fridge , Clean room within an inch of it's life , live through rest of this week . \ 
Looks like I am a pretty busy gal . 
Music < PROPMALE > conquered ! Now I just have to conquer Music Theory tomorrow and I'm done ! Sad thing is everyone I < PROPFEMALE > out with is leaving today ........ 
My roommate and < PROPFIRST > are gone .... it is really cold outside ... I'm really cold .... I'm turning the heater to a satanic temperature !!!!! Yay for warmth ! 
I'M DONE !!!!!!!!! YAY !!!!! and my mommy is coming to pick me up early !!!!!!! I'm a happy camper ! :D 
I'm at home ! I'm at home ! I'm at home and I don't care who knows it !!! 
It's pretty sad when someone talks to you and you automatically think \What do you want from me ? \"" 
I've had to work this Christmas break ..... I get money but it is really boring ... I do have a day off tomorrow though so if you want to get a hold of me , see me etc . I will be home tomorrow . :D 
making gifts for my friends today ! I can't wait to see their faces ! 
I think that it is rather sad when I think \I wish I was at school .... just to use their lightning fast internet . \ " Oh internet at home why must you be so very slow ? " 
It's been a long day .... I need a good book . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night ! :D 
Nothing feels better than coming home from work and getting into my comfy clothes ! Yay for comfy clothes !!!!!! :D 
I am very grateful to be alive right now . 
I'm hopefully getting my wisdome teeth out today . Wish me luck ! 
My wisdom teeth have been successfully removed ! ( on the left side at least ) I'm at home now nursing my chipmunk cheek . Thanks to all of those who wished me luck ! 
I could really use a Jamba Juice run . Right now ! ( yes i still have a puffy cheek ) :( 
They have cool new < PROPMALE > in the music library ! I really like it . It is really different ........ I really need to st < PROPMALE > bringing a book ...... 
Psychology is going to be fun !!! Lots of cute guys !!! :D 
I have my homework done for tomorrow and I get to sleep in ! How awesome is that ?! 
Okay here is the deal .... I have a concert on Saturday January 22 @ 7:30 pm . It is a free concert and if there is anyway that you can possibly make it you should totally come . We have a guest conductor < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and he is beyond amazing ! I also wouldn't mind having people there to support me .... :D 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ! *\ 
ha ha ha :) 
\Oh by the way Jaycee 
I get to go home today . I'm SO excited !!! 
Working out feels really good when you are frusterated by something .... or someone .... 
\Why can't global warming affect Utah first ? \ " - < PROPFIRST > Tolman " 
Today I'm just really grateful that I don't live in < PROPFIRST > . :D sorry for those of you who do live in that freezing city .... 
May I just say that I am a Sci-fy FREAK !! I love Sci-fy shows !!!! 
It loves the unlovable while it's mending ........ and it's RED ! 
Where did I go wrong , I lost a friend\ 
Somewhere along in the bitterness\ 
And I would have stayed up with you all night\ 
Had I known how to save a life \ 
\How To Save A Life\ " - The Fray " 
It is rather strange when you find that you have nothing to say to someone whom you consider as one of your best friends . \ 
* sigh 
< PROPFEMALE > day , chasing the clouds away , on my way to where the air is sweet . Can you tell me how to get , how to get to Sesame Street ? :D 
It's really reassuring to know that you aren't ignorant you just don't care . :( 
I love that moment when the world is quiet and your mind is quiet . At that moment everything seems very peaceful and tranquil . 
Should go to bed ..... but I really don't want to . 
I'm sick and I'm staying in my dorm today . 
\It used to be spring ... Like five hours ago ! \ " \ 
The sun'll come out tomorrow , bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow there'll be sun . Just thinking about tomorrow clears away the cobwebs and the sorrow till there's none ! Tomorrow , tomorrow I love you tomorrow you're only a day away . 
Any ideas on what I should get my roommate for her birthday ? 
Went to see I am Number Four this weekend ...... It was a great movie and can I just say that < PROPFIRST > Pettyfer is HOT ! 
......... I don't know what to say ............. so what's up with everyone ? 
Blueberry strawberry 
I am such a romantic sap !!!! ..... and I would really really like to go on a date ....... 
God loves me and he wants me to be happy ! Wanna know a secret ? He loves you and he wants you to be happy too ! Imagine that ! :D 
\I want adventure in the great wide somewhere . I want it more than I can tell . And for once it might be grand to have someone understand . I want so much more than they've got planned . \"" 
Do you believe that love lasts forever ? Please comment I want to know your opinions . 
Be your own kind of beautiful . :D 
Do you actually know who the first person to suggest daylight savings was ? \ 
\Benjamin Franklin\ " ........ ( stomps foot in disappointment)\ 
When my alarm clock went off this morning it felt like a Siren of Death . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Tolman 
Hey everybody ! I am looking for inspirational quotes to put in a quote notebook that I recently got . Comment on this status and put your favorite quote on it . It should be one that you use to help you get through hard times or one you just like to use a lot . Please comment I need all the quotes I can get ! 
I sprained my ankle on Friday and now my foot is black and blue all over . Seriously the coolest bruise ever . 
< PROPFIRST > is coming over !!!!!!! YAY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm dying to find my own fairytale yet I freak when the boquet gets thrown anywhere near me at a wedding reception . Anyone care to explain that to me ? 
