is getting ready for work and hating every moment of it 

is getting ready for work and hating every minute of it , but can't complain too much at least I'm not in an unemployment line , and I thank God for that 
is so motivated ! 
Happy Easter 
Come on Boston ! 
Enjoyed watching the Boston Massacre tonight . Sorry Heat fans . 
4th quarter , Oklahoma you can do it ! Beat the Lakers 
Let's go Celtics 
Let's go Oklahoma !! 
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers !!! Enjoy your day , you guys truly deserve it ! 
Come on Boston !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Celtics !!!!!!!!!! 
Let's go Celtics !!!! 
Alright Celtics !!! 
Its all about the Celtics baby !!!! 
What a beautiful day ! What should I do ? 
Come Phoenix ! 
My boys came to play tonight ! Let's go BOSTON !!!! 
Unbelief blinds you to God's greatness and magnifies your own weakness . When you walk by faith , the future is your friend and every enemy is defeated 
Dark and Lovely , Creme of Nature , Dr. Miracle and the many other relaxers out there , i say farewell , you will never touch my hair again . I'm going natural baby !!!! 
This shift can't be over fast enough . 35 minutes to go 
I love my Celtics !!! 
Let's go Celtics !!! 
To all the fathers out there that are holding it down and playing an active role in the life of their child , I say Happy Father's Day ! Just sit back relax and enjoy yourself ! 
I love me some him ! Thank you God for bringing such a wonderful man into my life ! 
I just wanna go home 
If I wasn't afarid of being broke , I would quit my job right now ! 
Watching Cheaters , this dude just got busted cheating at church ! So sad 
I'm not a big Lebron fan , anyone who knows me knows that am a < PROPFEMALE > fan and I wouldn't root for anyone else , but after all trash talk and hate I saw last night , I have no other choice but to cheer him and the Heat on to 5 back to back championships 
Its only Monday and already I can't wait for this week to be over ! 
Feeling real good . My future is looking great ! 
Feeling real good today . Better than the day before . God's love is sweeter than the < PROPFEMALE > from a < PROPFEMALE > comb ! 
I'm bout to show you what i'm really made of ! I hope you ready ! 
So bored !!! 
Just got a 100% on my test . Feeling good ! 
I live to love and I love to live 
Singing ..... I will trust in the Lord , I will trust in the Lord ....... I know God is going to take care of Kimora ! I'm going to claim it and leave it in His hands ! 
So today I took my final in my clinic 1 skin analysis class today and I aced it . 100% baby ! I'm sooooo happy 
I want to thank everyone for their happy birthday wishes 
Celtics !!! 
30 minute countdown begins 
Seriously this woman calls and asks me how to set up an email account on her home computer because she does not know how to use it . Last time I checked I work for a cell phone company ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
Alright lets make this series 2 - 0 . Lets go Celtics ! 
Sorry Heat fans 
Lets go Heat ! I know i'm usually not a Heat supporter , but tonight I really need them to whoop < PROPMALE > . I am soooooo sick of all this hatred towards Lebron . Is it really that serious 
Today I'm feeling pretty fearless . I've been doing this natural transition for about 9 months now and I think today is the day I'm gonna do it . I'm going to part ways with these relaxed ends and do the Big Chop ! Wish me luck ! 
Whats is all this < PROPFIRST > stuff about ? 
That was THE BEST season permiere ever ! I love The Game !!! 
Someone please explain to me how it is possible for a woman be drunk behind the wheel of a car , get upset with her husband , run him over , leave him for dead and only get 52 DAYS in jail and AA counseling ? Then after all this madness , he decides to stay with her ! 
Time for The Game ! 
Black History Fact of the Day :\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Twilight was the first African American to receive a college degree . He earned a bachelor’s degree from Middlebury College in 1823 
Faith is the absence of doubt in an uncertain world . 
Just is time for < PROPFIRST>'s Day , I found the perfect < PROPFIRST > . He is sweet , patient , kind , understanding , He fulfills ALL of my needs , and He'll NEVER leave me alone . His name is Jesus Christ and I LOVE Him sooooooooooo much ! 
3 a.m. and I can't sleep . 
Lets go Celtics ! 
Feeling really inspired . Time to get to work . Working in the Spirit of Excellence ! 
Not feeling so good today . I'm just gonna take it easy and watch some basketball . I wish UNC would have lost . Getting ready for the Duke - Michigan game . This should be good 
Loving this spa treatment , getting a chocolate body wrap . This feels soooo good . 
Think I'll go swimming 
Just took my State Board . Nervously awaiting my results 
