wonders how anyone can be a Mets fan after watching them lose when it matters so often ... 

just saw a commercial for a show called Cougar Town . Really people ? REALLY ? I'm so disappointed in people sometimes ... 
There's no getting used to this . It's gonna hurt . It's gonna hurt every time you walk up those steps to silence . But you'll soon take comfort in knowing that the cage can't hold captive forever . Take comfort in thinking maybe , just maybe , there is a place 
R.I.P. 6-16-09 \Part of the Family \"" 
Where the fuck is everyone ? 
Holy sarcasm batman , what a shitty dream ... 
Fender done . Now I just need to replace the radiator that has 3 holes in it ... FUCK 
Thank you for the bday wishes peoples . And on a sidenote , I need some goddamn metric open head wrenches ... 
Not that anyone was going to but don't call my phone because it's lost somewhere along oregon road ... 
My cellphone made it from my house on oregon road , through somers , all the way to south salem and back , while sitting on the trunk of my fathers car ... Do you believe in miracles ? Yes ... 
You shouldn't talk out the side of your mouth ... I'll make them all hate me before I settle for less . 
I'm a monster , I'm a maven I know this world is changin ' Never gave in , never gave up I'm the only thing I'm afraid of 
adjustment -300 
\Don't whine . Don't complain . Don't make excuses . \"" 
workin out 
Doing in-depth research on more effective workouts . If anyone has ideas or sources for information , I'm all ears ... 
Push . Push as hard as you can , til ' there is nothing left . Then , dig deeper and find something you never knew you had . 
Ordinary ? Fuck ordinary . It's not what we do . It's not who we are . It never will be . And I'd have it no other way . 
Working out ... 
lol no i'm off tomorrow and i think you would be very happy that she is going on vacation i think after saturday or sunday because she'd probably be pissed haha 
yo how did a comment i sent convert into a status update ? Facebook best get crackin on that shit ... 
Online poker anyone ? 
The Orphan should win an award for Shockingly good movie ... 
10 minutes til workout ... cardio makes me wanna juggles hot coals ... 
feel like shit ... Oh and the last thing I expected to see when I woke up was < PROPFIRST > VIck signed with none other than my favorite team ? E-A-G-L-E-S EAGLES ! 
Still sick ... Tryin ' to see how hard I can push this workout . 
If someone told you that you weren't very good at your job would you option a . cry or option b . basically do anything else but give a shit and not cry ? some people are pathetic ... 
isn't surprised that there is people growing weed in the valley but 300 plants near the elementary school ? DAMN this place is fucked ... 
OPEN QUESTION TO ALL : If you had your pick of songs that get you pumped up or psyched for something , what are they ? If you can't pick a particular song , band recommendations good for that type of mood are always welcome as well 
literally no money to speak of at my disposal and it's a fucking friday night ... what a waste 
\Grab the bull by the horns the old adage goes . Nobody tells you where to go from there . Seems like fate's pulling you . Decisions have to be made . The best path is the hardest earned ... \"" 
Just got home and well yeah the yankees capped off a great night with a great win 
\Is it freedom o'clock ? \"" 
what's the point to having a safety if he isn't allowed to hit a dude with his shoulder ? Refs and rules are making the NFL hard to watch ... 
What an absurdly bad afternoon ... 
First day in Yellow . On the grind ... 
Damn yesterday was a long day ... 14 hours spread over 2 jobs = no fun 
Totally in the mood to watch Good Will Hunting 
Giants and Redskins getting blown up ... It's like music to my ears 
That's embarrassing ... 
Oh and the Jets cost me a shot at 2k ... fuck the J-E-T-S 
Get woken up at 8:30 in the morning after being super drunk last night and no hangover in sight ... Not happy to be up so early but I am sooooooooo happy to the report the second half of that statement as my never having a hangover in my life continues 
Fox needs to get their shit together ... I can't even watch the Eagles trash the Giants because the feed is fucked ! 
40-17 E-A-G-L-E-S EAGLES ! 
I gotta say , I'm really just not loving people right now . It's like all they have is excuses . It's so played out and tired ... 
I do believe I have stumbled into the perfect storm of colossal depress mode ... 
\Socrates was a bum . \ " - Sky " 
Pushin it til sick . Feels fuckin great . 
feelin pretty deprived right now ... stbm 
I truly hate when people think it's soooo awesome to pull into the lot next door and blast the bass like it's going out of style . I wonder why people LOVE to pump the bass so much when all it does is guarantee that you cannot hear anything else including the music . Not that today didn't blow enough already ... FML 
Rock Soul Electronics can suck my balls ... If I ever find out who stole my info ., there's gonna be hell to pay ... 
The Gunslinger is going down ... Sky , I'll make you proud yet ! 
¡Finding Forrester ! 
\I'll take a pair of spy glasses and a hot chocolate . \"" 
I miss work ... I miss money ... scratch that . I don't miss CVS . I do miss Friendlys ... 
Made it to Laguardia and back in 2 hours ... SWEET 
After last night , I swear there really are ghosts in this house ... 
Listening to Pandora and I accidentally close the window tab in the middle of a good song ... FML 
scum bags ... 
Think I finally solved my NAT issues ... sweet 
think the 360 is on it's way out ... fuck 
A hunch versus a proven commodity is a risky proposition ... 
I Love Hakeem Nicks and I wanna murder these referees ... 
The giants can thank the refs for their 3rd < PROPMALE > call of the first half ... 
loose lips sink ships ... 
20 minutes of sleep and now i'm wired ? FUCK 
filling out Christmas cards on top of a book called The GOD Delusion ... kinda makes me laugh . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Folks 
xbox360 is busted and thus i am reduced to ps2 ... Damn i miss COD 
* blackberry drops to ground * ... screen remains completely white .... FOREVER . FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK 
It's just hitting me now in all my sober mindedness that my blackberry really is beyond the point of being fixed ... cell phone < PROPMALE > shrinks but this really blows . 
PHONE < PROPFIRST > ... Old Phone needs them rather . If you have my number then I need yours ! please message me or just post it if you don't care ... or here you go , text me with ur name attached . awesome thanks 
I didn't know it was still christmas ... giants appear to be gift wrapping a playoff spot for the cowgirls 
Have you ever listened to a song and had an overwhelming feeling like you were supposed to be hearing that beat and those words in such < PROPFEMALE > ? Like no matter what was going on around you didn't matter ? The Perfect moment . \Suddenly the lights go out Let forever drag me down I will fight for one last breath I will fight until the end \"" 
observe without intent ... clarity at last 
Skull < PROPFEMALE > headphones are fucking awesome . 
drunk ? understatement ... 
Last night : 6-1 , check . good friends and good times , check . still drunk 8 hours later ? check 
just woke up ... 
plans tonight ? 
Even when the goal was to see something through to the end , once the end draws near , you may find that it's the last thing you want to see . 
Fuck it all to hell ... It's allllllllll bullshit . 
whoa sore . drinks tonight ? kinda hope so 
Ab Ripper X is absolutely absurd for just a 15 minute workout ... 
Rayside is gayside 
We don't have to Love each other all of the time but we should be able to coexist . Let the hot air float away and speak easy for you know not the full consequences of your actions . 
Perhaps the greatest falsehood in < PROPFEMALE > that perpetuates obesity is that people think all you have to do is be active to be healthy . I'm sure eating fast food constantly and downing soda by the liter has no effect on a persons health ... 
That was close ... not really haha out like a muthafucka 
\Never underestimate the power of temptation to disarm your better senses . \"" 
I HATE BEING THIS DRUNK . sorry guys . 
still slightly drunk ... but on a lighter note yesterday history , tomorrow is a mystery , today is a gift , that's why they call it the present . Good day all . 
work in two hours ... damn 
Apparently all roads lead through Mesquite , Texas 
\The night is darkest just before the dawn . \"" 
Pandora may just be my favorite thing of all time 
This BLOWS ... 
Workout at 2am ? sure , why not ... 
Time flies regardless of its relativity to fun ... 
not feeling well :-( 
Just slept for 13 hours ... feeling better 
If a certain someone is fired or on the brink of being so , I mean this wholeheartedly , I may just just take up religion because without divine intervention I didn't think this bitches reign would ever end . 
The 360 is finally coming back home ! PSYCHED !!!!!!! 
Almost frostbite is a painful bitch ... 
So what happens when you send your xbox360 in for repair ? Well , apparently they send you a brand new console !!!! FUCKING SWEET ! ooo yeah plus a free extra month subscription to XboxLIVE ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is but a wheel ... 
Allister . Racecars ... whoa throwback ... Sometimes I think I'd crawl away , Make it last for days , Turn my back on it all , because sometimes it seems anything is better than this . 
Field Sobriety test much ? 
To allow yourself to be blinded and lose that which you are inevitably tied is inexcusable . I may be able to turn my back on those things , but I never forgot . You , have forgotten . Blood is thicker than water , but respect , that is something you'll not have from me . 
PANDORA <3 
\something profound \"" 
Had by far , the most terrifyingly sadistic dream he's ever had in his life last night , and is at a total loss for an explanation ... 
Attention fellow cvs 2550 employees : We're now under new management . 
My house to White Plains in 19 minutes . 
BEYOND aggravated because every time I try to do one thing , something goes wrong . An omen perhaps ? FUCK OMENS . 
Let's not go making any assumptions now . I know it's the worlds oldest profession and all but let's not and say we didn't . 
Bullshit . 
I just want one thing to go right for me . I'd settle for that much at this point . 
There's no justice like snow justice ... Nothing quite like getting done with shoveling , only to turn around and see another half inch already covering what you just finished clearing off . Snow blows . 
\Deeply < PROPMALE > and thoughtful people stand on shaky footing with the public . \"" 
\What we can do ? \"" 
This could be epic ... 
“Anyone entrusted with power will abuse it if not also animated with the love of truth and virtue , no matter whether he be a < PROPMALE > , or one of the people . ” 
* passed the fuck out last night ... waste . 
CUNT . 
I don't know what's going on with music these days , but prose generally does not come with a backdrop because it is simply that . Prose . Not music . What the fuck is going on ... 
“I laugh , I love , I hope , I try , I hurt , I need , I fear , I cry . And I know you do the same things too , So we're really not that different , me and you . ” - < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
2 nights in a row ... wow 
\Because they said I couldn't have it . \"" 
Throat infection ... joints hurt ... feelin ' like death . 
just beat single player campaign in about 3 hours ... This week is gonna suck . 
Lavin is a douchebag . 
Averted collapse from exhaustion twice . Gutty . 
Are you hurt , or are you injured ? Man up . 
My ears have been ringing for damn near 3 days ... Something is about to get broken . 
Holy back spasms ... 
People will have their opinions , but the only thing that matters is the facts . To Boston fans , 27 . To fellow NFC East fans , since the Eagles are sooooo stupid , beat em ' and you can talk shit . However , since < PROPFIRST > is the only team that even comes close recently , the Giants and Redskins fans can take your seats and suck that beer back until the scoreboard bears out the new facts . 
Windows down . 85 on the TSP . Nothin better ... Freedom 
Last day at CVS ... :-) ... :-D 
Like a cowboy riding off into the sunset , the ending , good or bad , is exactly how it had to be . 
Feels good to be back in a real gym . 
Single most important clue to knowing whether or not someone is engaging you in a real conversation or if they aren't really that interested : short answers , no response questions . This fact will save about 10 normally oblivious people an extra day over their life when they read this . Guaranteed 
Higher Learning ... 
Avista Management v . Wausau Underwriters : resolution = priceless aka Roshambo ... unbelievable 
Ice ... 
Preparing for Atlantic City ! 
Home ... 
back is shot = done for today ... sorry < PROPMALE > . 
\There's no settling down . It's going to be blood for blood and by the gallons . It's the old days . The bad days . The all-or-nothing days . They're back . There's no choices left and I'm ready for war . \"" 
\This is when you dig in and try to move the world . \ " Hell Yeah . " 
Timing is everything . 
Idealism V . Realism ... Oh the quandary 
It's not a holiday . 
Loose lips sink ships ... 
Flight of The Conchords <3 
http://www.formspring.me/Ten41 
Just heard a 300 pound woman on an infomercial say that diets don't work ... Oh I'm sorry , that requires self control , right ? Yeah , guess if you get that heavy in the first place we all know exactly how much of that you actually have ... 
Are you a hard seller or a soft seller ? Once you figure that out , the rest is easy . 
Just a little connection , that's all . 
Imagine if people would just man up ... Drop the anonymity and put a name to your bold line of questions . 
Quantum of Solace 
work 2-6 then ... ? 
Get strong . Get smart . Get ahead . Do you . 
Now THAT , is something I don't miss . Maybe it's just that way right now . But , at this moment , that seems more like affliction than it does affection . 
Brewster ? It's in BREWSTER ?! FUCK 
Just got wrecked in basketball ... Thanks < PROPMALE > . 
\I think it's time to go to sleep . \ " \ " Just a little longer . \ " \ " We're always gonna want just a little longer ... \"" 
Super Troopers starting right , meow . 
Yays have 3 ; Nays have 3 ; undecided has 1 ;3 unanswered . 
Yays have 4 * 
Nays have 4 * 
Nays have 5 * 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s Infinite playlist . 
Indecisive ... 
Terminator 1 , 2 , and 3 ... sleep ? HA 
It's not your fault . I know you can't see this , but it's not your fault . I promise 
gym . 
It's almost entertaining how people just keep blowing up their own spot with and are none the wiser to their actions ... GENIUS ! 
I swear the life I live is this interesting , and then I wake up . These dreams are too vivid to be nothing . 
4/20 - stoner holiday ; cinco de mayo - alcoholics holiday . Double standard much ? 
sleep ? 
Someone call the police , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is getting away with murder 
Iron Man 2 
Iron Man 2 is bad ass . 
Holy Johansson ! 
Itchin ' to fight . Not angry or upset in the slightest . Just , you ever wanna test yourself ? Yeah , I wanna lay someone out . 
Lake < PROPFIRST > until tomorrow 
2 things : I Love when someone tries to slam you , and you own them ; I hate when someone says I'll let you know , and they don't let you know . 
Nap . 
This is shit . 
Honest question : Should sincerely shitty mothers deserve to enjoy this day as much as sincerely good mothers ? I can think of some women who go above and beyond , and some who should never have had kids in the first place ... floors open 
Once a < PROPFEMALE > I feel this way , \ 
dont know what to do or say , \ 
all I know is what I feel , \ 
whos to say the feelings real , \ 
only thing I know for sure , \ 
no one walking through my door , \ 
is it something that I want , \ 
is it something that I need , \ 
do I stay and just do me , \ 
all questions , \ 
no answers , \ 
soul searching , \ 
time dances , \ 
keep going , \ 
keep looking , \ 
one minute , \ 
one hour , \ 
these moments , \ 
they matter , \ 
do they , \ 
oh yes , \ 
they matter 
I Love the numerous end of school references ... Each one makes me smile more because I know it means this summer is so close and damn if it won't be one to remember . 
\But it was just a dream\ 
I hate working in Yonkers . Garbage at every turn ... 
< PROPFIRST > is hilarious . 
Loves getting cut ... This sucks , but atleast I made up for not sleeping for like 28 hours 
< PROPM < PROPMALE > E > Hughes = Illest pitcher in < PROPMALE > ; 22 hits in 39 IP with 6 ER ... 
people ... 
\I'll bust your fuckin head\ " what could have been the final words of that guy if he'd chosen to fight . Man that would have been fun ... " 
Just waking up ... ugh 
Bronx bombin ' with the nigs 
Tired with a long ride ahead . 
Ridiculous tan ... 
Dear scion TC owner , your tires are about to get slashed on account of your being a douche ... 
Damn i feel old . 
Are we too proud to fall ? Are we too humble to get back up ? When you've done all you could , it's all there is , there won't be another outcome . There is no success in failure . But , there is a peace is knowing , whether or not your best was enough , you gave it all . You gave it all ... 
Go cry in the dugout Pedroia . 
AE 3-7 
Clusterfuck . 
Even in my sleep i argue with people ... damn . 
I appreciate the contingency of Yankee fans invading Shiti Field . Stay loud people . 
7AM meeting ... ugh 
Going to bed before midnight on a saturday just feels wrong 
Drunk ... 
Wow , long time no see ... I feel pretty good now . 
Planet Fitness is not a gym , it's a social club ... 
If you were more dramatic , you'd be < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare . 
Cannot wait to get a hold of the new Coheed album . 
Idle threats are about as useful as bringing a knife to a gunfight . 
Full of fire . Bout that time again . Get out of the way . 
work 930-2 then later Beerlympics 2010 ... Love . 
Let the games begin . f 
didnt think it could be this bad . 
Hands down , one of the worst saturday nights ... ever . 
This is exactly what i needed . 
Half a voice left ... So tired of being angry 
I can see it just out of reach , but soon , oh yes , soon that $ will be mine . 
\Jews ! What's all that about ? \ " LOVE < PROPMALE > Jeffries " 
\Whatever it is 
Really diggin ' the Red Dead Redemption Soundtrack ... 
comfortable and complacent ... mistake . 
As the minutes pass , today seems more and more like a good day to evaluate and account for what I've done and what I'm going to do . 
Thought about a lot of stuff that I haven't thought about in years , today . Callin ' it a night . 
How some people attempt to interpret certain situations is straight up retarded . Quit acting like you have a clue , because when you try , it comes off as completely insincere . 
Thank Me Later is FIRE 
Caits 21st 
Drinking on an empty stomache ... It's all downhill from here . 
Headache that won't quit . Possibly my first ever hangover symptom ... Not happy with this first . 
< PROPMALE > Giusti is a bitch 
I don't get it . People make odd choices . 
µIt's fitting to have rain on this melancholy night , as many of my friends have suffered multiple losses . Here's to hoping for < PROPFEMALE > days ahead . Here's to 
µ the friends that keep us up when we're down , and to the bonds that endure dark days . There's a light at the end of this tunnel , I promise you that . 
' Lying Is The Most Fun A Girl Can Have Without Taking Off Her Clothes ' ... more than just the title of a song . I feel like the insecurity and immaturity that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > plays so well in all her characters is the perfect representation for girls who don't have their shit together these days . 
1 in over 5 million shot . I don't know that it gets much more unfair than that . 
If I could trade all of your suffering for myself , I would . 
If you're going to correct someone , you should make sure you can't be proven incorrect . Because if you don't , well , then you're just an idiot . 
\I’m about whatever man .. \ 
Relationships come and go , but friends , real friends , they never leave . Some people should think about that . 
HA ! FUCK BOSTON ! 
AC hoo ... I mean AC here we come !... ;-) 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ... My favorite names :-D d 
Atlantic City ... always an experience . 
< PROPMALE > Rivera is supernatural . 
\A hot minute\ " 33 minutes into T1 and its the only thing i like about this movie " 
\Pain can be controlled . You just disconnect it . \"" 
I get 20 minutes of bad sleep and now i'm wide awake ... FUCK THIS 
Nice weather for an early run 
Huge ... A television show about girls at fat camp . Lmao 
Getting ready for the Yankee game ... early Birthday present from pops ! 
ÀNo wonder jews dont play baseball ; they're too busy talking about gate receipts and revenue sharing . The guys behind me need to shut the fuck up and watc 
Àh the game 
Drunk ... Thank u to every1 who said happy bday . Ill get back to u when im sober 
I know we don't talk much anymore , but when we do I'm afraid to < PROPFEMALE > up because we don't know where life will lead us and that scares me . It scares me that you may not be here much longer and I have no control over it . 
It's strange how a simple request can sometimes be the hardest thing to accomplish . 
Haven't been able to sleep all night and sick to my stomache ... Couldn't have asked for more fun . 
Hope everyone makes it home in one piece . There's more to life than just tonight ... 
Chest , tri's and suicides ... 
'' No fate but what we make '' 
Floorset . gonna be a long night ... 
More suicides on the turf ... felt amazing . Making quick progress . Phone is broken ... I can receive calls and texts sort of but can't text or call in reply so if you need to contact me , please call and don't text . 
Just woke up from what feels like the best sleep of his life where the room temp could only be characterized as fucking freezing ... OR simply amazing . 
Just when you think you're great , you're just good . Never be satisfied . Because people forget good . People don't forget great . 
I gotta say , these dreams lately are no good ... 
\david < PROPFIRST > was traded to < PROPFEMALE > state for 3 hamburgers . Whack ! \ " lol That may be the only funny thing the shitty personalities on hot 97 have ever said . " 
I'm gonna throw this world on my back and < PROPFEMALE > it across the finish line . I'll do it alone . The same way I was born into this place . 
\The best laid plans turn into tragedies\ 
What else do I have but my word ? 
Hopes the Mets make it to the world series so the Yankees can roll them at Shiti field . 
See , what you wanna do , is get so deep you can't be touched . Be so successful , you call the shots . Once you get there , you get yours and you get out . < PROPFEMALE > 
s is gonna be my year . 
This whole being responsible thing seems to be woking pretty well ... 
Was it all a dream ? 
Forced to drive 30 on taconic because people cant drive in the rain ... Fuck this monsoon 
Love thunder and lightning ... 
The sky was so dark and ominous and now is pure beauty of stars and moonlight . What a sight ... what a night . 
Phone died , wallets empty , wicked headache ... today kinda sucks 
< PROPMALE > , I think we're about to get pulled over . Yup , that's a cop . Shit ... 
Air conditioning is ruining my ability to wake up at a reasonable time ... 
Pulp Fiction . 
I may as well be homeless ... The word family only gives people so much slack 
Are you hurt or are you injured ? Either way , tape it up and get back out there ! 
Had a 3 layer dream last night ... Still hard to tell if im awake 
You can only put your emotions on hold for so long . Then , when you least expect it , your emotions get a hold on you and you can't control it . 
Tossing and turning since midnight as rest eludes me ... All I wanna do right now is sleep . 
< PROPMALE > is like a picture , you should take it ... 
Can't deal with this sleeping issue much longer ... FUCK 
Bad workout ... Shitty way to kick off the day 
A little Dark Tower does the soul good ... :-) 
Dreams ... how I envy your vivid yet incredible touch , however fleeting you may be . 
\If luck is on my side tonight\ 
Mission Renovate Dougs Patio : Complete 
Got my < PROPFEMALE > back ! 
Great people ; great night . 
Ill be at the turf if anyone wants to join me for the hell of it 
Oh you fancy huh ? 
Apathetic . Tough shit . 
I Hope work goes quickly today . 
This week is moving by soooooooo slow 
\Slippin ' out to have a cigarette\ 
350 new songs to listen to ... where do I start ? 
Need to burn some mixes pronto ! 
( Fill in the blank ) 
Preseason or not , a night when the giants and cowgirls get shafted simultaneously is just delightful 
\I'm a white male between the ages of 18 and 49 with a loud mouth and a gun . I am the American Dream . \"" 
Safari is being a fuckhead ... Hate using Firefox ! 
I hate ******** and ******* 
It's been a bumpy ride . It'll get worse . It'll get better . Then it might even\ 
get worse again . But keep you're head up , looking forward , never \ 
worrying . The destination is well worth the journey . 
“The unreal is more powerful than the real , because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it . Because it's only intangible ideas , concepts , beliefs , fantasies that last . Stone crumbles . Wood rots . People , well , they die . But things as fragile as a thought , a dream , a legend , they can go on and on . ” 
Today is too gorgeous to be locked inside working 
Refs just jobbed VT ... Worst year for referees in every sport , ever . 
It's a wonder people get anywhere on 4 wheels considering just how bad people drive ... Long day in Yonkers lies ahead 
You're right . I don't care . Not anymore ... 
Bored ... 
< PROPMALE > Black is gay . 
So much controversy revolving around today , but today is not the day for controversy . 
Last pre-season Pipe Layer practice 
I don't ask for respect , I take it . 
Taconic southbound drivers , be not afraid of the amvets bridge . Prior to 10 , there are 3 lanes . Use them . 
Work ... Then Yankee Stadium for my first ever concert . I feel kinda spoiled considering the headliners . I think some of you may have heard of Jay-Z and Eminem .. 
This place is having nothing to do with < PROPFEMALE > minaj and I Love it . 
Amazing show ... Standing for 5 hours never hurt so good 
Still feel like I'm at the show . Can't exactly hear that well right now ... Too many white people were there to really appreciate < PROPFIRST > Z doing songs from Reasonable Doubt Or anything not made in the last couple years . BEAST a cappella flows . I will say though , Eminems entire set was electric , and Lose Yourself is one the top moments in my life officially . 
Feels a day late and a dollar short , but I'd like to thank < PROPFEMALE > Bottos for the best gift I've ever received . Can't duplicate that show ... 
Friday . 
Jettas suck < PROPMALE > . Bout to set my car on fire and call it a day . 
Funny , I LIVE in NY , love football , and yet I slept through the Jets game and I won't even bother turning on the Giants game tonight ... Fuck New Jersey football teams lol 
People LOVE to act hard when they aren't face to face with a dude . Come face to face and see what I do . 
If you're kind of a whore yourself , you probably shouldn't speak ill of others using the same terminology when you're , in reality , completely wrong . 
< PROPMALE > paolantonio and every other reporter out there are just so full of shit . Your opinion is not fact . You do , however , deal in both . Differentiate . 
Today just feels like a shitty day ... 
Pipe Layers lost and I almost lost my left eye in the process ... Rough start to the day to say the least 
Against my better judgement , I'll root for the Giants running game today for the sole purpose of not allowing < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > to ruin my fantasy matchup today . So ummm , GO GIANTS ? 
It's not about God . Whether or not God exists is irrelevant . This is about people . The spirit of human resolve . Sometimes , you gotta believe what you can't see . 
\See 
Addiction is a choice , not a disease . My sympathy for any of it , whatever I had left , is straight out the window tonight . 
< PROPMALE > beat me too it , but being in the passenger seat , I also hate traffic . 
Let the drunkery begin ... 
Will be rockin my Pipe Layers shirt all Sunday . Kill it out there boys ! 
Great weekend , great friends , great times . Went too fast but it was worth every second . 
Rain is keepin me from that $ ... FUCK RAIN . 
People just came to my door pushing Jesus . I want those 2 minutes back ... 
Taconic State Parking lot ... Thank u < PROPFIRST > for that patent 
I never ask for nothin I don't demand of myself , honestly , loyalty , friends , and then wealth ... \ " , 2010-1 0-0 7 12:07:06 " 
Days movin fast ... nice 
So , I'm working at this castle and there are models walking around in their underwear ... I never liked construction before this day . Today , I Love construction . 
Wish the haunted house was longer . Fun night . 
Done . 
Horrible on defense , but I'll take the go ahead RBIs any day :-) 
FUCK . 
Feels like todays gonna be a good one 
Nothing beats getting up early , taking a nice hot shower , and getting on the road . ( Preferrably to the gym ) ( not sarcasm ) 
Is it possble to just be happy for a day where nothing particularly good happened . Must be my week . I'll take what I can get :-) 
like a face on the water ... 
The Classic Crime :-) 
:-/ 
:-) 
SO FIRED UP ! I could go all day and night ... 
Emarosa 
Manic monday commence 
If you go about your life fearful of mistakes , then you're not really living . Embrace risk for a shot at greatness , happiness , love ... 
What's with this epidemic of wearing headphones while driving ? Seriously ... 
It's the people who try to be clever who never are ; the people who are clever never think of trying to be . 
Got this feeling that the next 4 hours are going to feel like the longest 4 hours of my life ... 
“Life is all about timing ... the unreachable becomes reachable , the unavailable become available , the unattainable ... attainable . Have the < PROPFEMALE > , wait it out . It's all about timing . ” 
Half day means half pay . Fuck rain ... Home for the day 
Song Cry ... Ballad of the modern day 
Goin for a run ... 
12:36 
I've got the < PROPFEMALE > of a clock , \ 
and all we've got is time , \ 
I see no need to rush , \ 
head first into the end of the line , \ 
I'd have no regrets , \ 
and I'd not be yours , \ 
I'll take the days as they come , \ 
one by one , day and night , because sometimes it's better to wait ... 
Ever have a dream where it's great when you're in it and it crushes you when you realize it was just a dream ? Yeah , what a great way to start the weekend ... 
12:10 
Holding khef 
Tired of the run around . Risky business is this life ... 
ADTR on full blast all day long 
Things change so quickly ... not sure what to ever expect from people anymore . 
Why do commentators call football players , warriors , when they try to play after they get hurt ? They're football players . They're supposed to be tough . It's their job ... 
Tired as hell , eyes half open , and stuck in hartsdale ... Taconic should be a real treat 
Pretty sure my ipod was stolen ... awesome 
\The only man who makes no mistakes is the man who never does anything . \"" 
Good night ... But fail 
can't remember parts of last night ... Drinking = Done 
“Sure I am this day we are masters of our fate , that the task which has been set before us is not above our strength ; that its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance . As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win , victory will not be denied us . ” 
Failure tells you one thing : you're not good enough . Some how , some way , what you did , wasn't good enough . You shouldn't need more motivation than that . 
idiots ... 
“Pleasure is oft a visitant ; but pain / Clings cruelly to us . ” 
Is it so much to ask that shell not break in a new cashier during the start of a rush hour commute ? 
“I laugh , I love , I hope , I try , I hurt , I need , I fear , I cry . And I know you do the same things too , so we're really not that different , me and you . ” 
Loves painting outside , with wind gusts off the hudson , over a 45 foot drop , standing on a wooden plank tied basically to the roof . OSHA Approved 
Really wanna see Paranormal Activity 2 and It's Kind of a Funny Story ... 
new phone straight from < PROPFEMALE > ... sick 
I wonder how much the refs were getting paid to fuck the Eagles . Guess it wasn't enough . Haters fall back . E-A-G-L-E-S EAGLES ! 
Be careful not to go fooling yourself . When reality eventually sets in and you find out the joke is on you , you won't be laughing . 
Avenged Sevenfold - Seize The Day 
There's not enough caffeine to make it happen today . Dead ... 
Sun glare bringing the taconic to a schreeching halt ... I'm pretty sure sun visors have been around for atleast a couple decades people . Use em .... 
Never rely on anyone to do something that you can do for yourself 
The League is definitely the funniest show that no one is talking about 
being mad is such a waste of time ... 
Drunk people talking about animal slaughter , vegeterianism , and evolution ... 
Time to hunker down and read some more Dark Tower : Wolves Of The Calla 
First time at the Shooting Range = Success 
E-A-G-L-E-S EAGLES ! 
Just went to open the car door , when all off a sudden the locks engage ... Locked out of a running car . Awesome 
Honestly looking forward to the Yogi Bear movie . I miss being a kid and watching the classic cartoons early in the morning . 
Kinda wish I read the < PROPMALE > Potter series ... 
I don't understand the need for people to lie or exaggerate in arbitrary situations . What are the consequences of just telling the story for what it is when the story is basically irrelevant to begin with ? 
Thankful for my brother and father for all they've done to help me . And for friends , the year wasn't great but this year I got to spend it with all of u . thanks 
Turkey Bowl 
What I wouldn't do for a neck massage right now ... 
\These are the best days of our lives . It's a terrible thing to know . \"" 
“You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of . You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life . ” - < PROPFIRST > Camus 
Someone broke into my car ... But left their cell phone behind . Oops ! Someones gonna regret that one ... 
What a bizarre turn of events ... 
Live your life and let the chips fall where they may . 
Moment that made my day :\ 
\ 
Sergeant : Give me the ticket . \ 
Me : * Hands over ticket*\ 
Sergeant : Ok , see ya later . \ 
Me : Really ? \ 
Sergeant : Really . \ 
The goodbyes we speak and the goodbyes we hear are the goodbyes that tell us we're alive , after all . 
So amped right now ... feels like an 8ball of euphoria 
Woke up to my phone flashing some blue light and more importantly , the alarm NOT sounding . Officially Going to get to work an hour and a half late . Friday ! :-) 
Is using his brothers iPad right now and I have to say I am highly impressed . 
Flurries ... 
So often we get caught in the traps that we create ourselves with either , little idea of how to escape or too much pride to admit our mistakes . 
Fate , < PROPFEMALE > , ka ... I don't know what it is . Why things happen . Why they don't . But that's just the way it is . It's perfectly imperfect , this life we live . And it's fantastic . 
Not really in the mood to go home yet ... 
Changing profile pictures to animated characters appears to be an epidemic ... 
Feels like garbage ... Gonna be a long day 
Could be mad the morning sucked or can be happy that the afternoon definitely won't . I think I'd rather smile . 
Watchin Kick Ass with the bros 
sick ... 
8mm 
Aiming to read DT < PROPFEMALE > : Song of < PROPFEMALE > , start to finsh , by nightfall . The gauntlet has been laid down 
Half hour of sleep over the last 30+ . Think I'm down for the count ... 
Workin at the SPCA ... 
“Anyone can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's true strength . ” 
Most people have 1,000 wishes for Christmas , a cancer patient only has one ; to get better . Copy this into your status in honor of someone who has died , is fighting cancer , or who has survived a battle with cancer . ? \ 
Today may seem long , tiring , and even hellish at times , but it's a day you're here . One of many to come . Never give up . 
DT VII : the beginning of the end 
has to go run errands . Unfortunately he just got home from work and sat down ... essentially a guarantee that no matter how important , nothing is getting done 
worst thing about being drunk ... trying to sleep when u have the spins . fuck 
just lost his mind ... 
no words can explain the last 2 days ... amazing . 
Dinner was great , now True Grit with the fellas 
talks of life with pops from might to 4am ... random and brilliant . pretty sure im not going to sleep now 
The Invention of Lying :-) 
Happy holidays folks 
Westchester officially under blizzard warning ... awesome . And by awesome , of course I mean \fuck snow \"." 
shits about to get real ... 
is pretty sure that the last hour and a half that I spent shoveling only reaffirms my utter disdain for snow ... 
The Fighter <3 ... The Warriors Code : download it 
2 leagues : 2 championships 
So every picture and song that I've kept over the last 5 years or so is about to be permanently lost ... :-( 
new years plans anybody ? 
be on your toes people ... check points out already 
Tried to rotate my tires and accidentally lifted the front end of my car up . I think the lug nuts are too tight ... 
pretty good night 
“Strength does not come from physical capacity . It comes from an indomitable will . ” - Ghandi 
Who's won the last 6 meetings between the Eagles and Giants ? Who actually made it into the playoffs ? Who WON the Division . Oh Giants fans , you already know . Just a little reminder while you bash the Eagles going into the off-season . Hurts doesn't it ? I'm sure it'll be OK in the end though . I mean , < PROPMALE > MANNING , is your QB . It's not like he had 32 turnovers this season or anything ... hehehe 
would love not to be awake right now , but he just slept 12 hours and that's just ridiculous ... 
Working in Manhattan until 10 . Hoping the snow holds out til midnight . 
Anyone in white plains or further south avoid taconic north . 
Shitty would be an improvement over the status of parts of the taconic north ... 
I wonder how many people planned to call out of work due weather and are now cursing the highway department for doing theirs 
Coolant pouring out of my car ... problems never seem to end 
Blue < PROPFIRST > 
I've never found words to hurt more than silence . Silence has the ability to say all the things that the spineless and spited alike , simply cannot find the mind to utter . 
... wow 
Pretty sure vomiting is the next course of action ... feeling like the weather 
Last minute preparation for the coldest weekend of my life ... I mean , YAY VERMONT ! :-D 
Getting the night started with some drank 
Sequence : Guinness , shot of hot sauce , iced twice .. All before 10:30 . This night can't possibly have a happy ending . 
Roads in yonkers already becoming a problem ... can't wait to shovel 2 driveways later ... 
Accident on the taconic ... 
Life is a series of events . Some good , some bad . How you handle those events , well , that's the true measure of ones self . 
Last minute packing for Atlantic City ... then engulfing myself in a level of irresponsibility unknown to man . Adamski/Doug Translation : FUCK YEAH I'M GOIN TO AC ! 
Would like to be obliterated at this moment 
Bummer ... 
Home . In debt . Cars totaled ? The definition of a true winner ... 
I wanna move down south ... 
\decoy muslims\ " lmao ... " 
has discovered THE trump card for the next road trip battle . 
thinks it's kind of funny hearing about states that don't typically get snow , freaking out over how to deal with something that we see as mostly just an annoyance in the Northeast . 
nauseous ; light headed ; FAIL . 
uninterested . 
< PROPFIRST > Rodgers has put the NFC on notice . Gonna be a rough go of it with him leading the pack for the next decade or so ... 
selling a 32 inch TV . Tube , not flat screen . Not HD . Picture and sound are perfect . anyone interested ? message me . 
[ Social+][c =333333 ]“Strength does not come from physical capacity . It comes from an indomitable will . ”[/][/] 
Seems like the ladies are having a tough week ... It's rarely ever as bad as we think it is . Don't < PROPFEMALE > your head for someone else's mistake . 
Light up the darkness . 
\He brought us to < PROPFIRST > White . \ " Wow ... " 
ADTR , lifting , smiling . Night is complete . 
ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . Too many to mention have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends 
I'm not so sure what is real and what isn't real anymore . This feels like a dream . 
Right now , I kind of wish I was < PROPFIRST > White . 
Bright and early at the javits ... gotta get that money . 
Haters can come strong , but know you'll always leave disappointed . I have nothing to hide and that's why I prevail . 
Another day , another falling out . At this point I'm a fucking pro . 
I've come to a fork in the road and I know not which direction to take . 
The Adjustment Bureau 
60 minutes has kids telling stories about their families and being homeless due to the economy . We worry so much about worldly causes . What about OUR cause ? 
I think the real reason that I don't like New York anymore is because 80% of the people that inhabit this place are faker than a porn stars tits ... 
After watching Inside Job , I wonder what the ratio was of ideology to blindness to greed , in the minds of the individuals in the know and heads of these corporations . Everyone , even if you don't understand economics too well , should watch the film just to get a general idea as to the systematic ruin of a global economy . You might not care , but you should . 
Sirens And Condolences ? 
Dead Poets Society 
If anyone is sober today , and wants to ball , hit me up 
So tired . 
Genius Mix is a pretty shitty name for an option if it does something like add Cute Without The E into a Metal Mix ... nice job iTunes 
Anyone lookin to ball , be at town park around 1 
Would just about kill for a power rack at this point ... 
The Alchemist ? 
About to drop my name tag on the floor and walk right out of this place ... 
Chillin with < PROPFIRST > from 7-2 ... ballin ' after 
