Glad it's Friday :) 

what a bright and < PROPFEMALE > Monday Morning :) 
enjoying some time at home with my sweet baby boy 
missing my hubby .... needing some balance ..... praying for the answers 
my birthday was great ... was in steamboat springs on family vacation :) 
I have a middle schooler .... wow i still can't believe it 
first school dance for kacee tonight .... wow . they grow up soooo fast 
you dont wanna know 
hmmm whats this Tuesday morning gonna bring ? 
got a sick baby boy ... I'm so grateful I get to be home and take care of him 
my little man is grumpy :( hes not feeling well 
looking forward to the weekend 
going to the scrap book expo tomorrow , woo hoo :) 
srcap book expo is crazy .... wow ! I think I could have easily spent a million dollars ... there is just so much 
verizon phones suck 
Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word , no more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . Have fun ! 
got to have breakfast with an old friend , laugh with my husband and hear my son giggle :) it doesn't get much better than this . Lovin life 
Karter is 6 months old today :) Wow , goes by quick 
It's snowing ... blah 
kacees all dressed up for her violin concert .... she looks so pretty :) 
happy hump day :) 
Is there light at the end of the tunnel ? 
Someone turned the ligth on for me .... finally :) woo hoo 
farmville is making me mad ..... can't get into it . My pumpkins are withered by now :( 
i'm off to work ! 
what a day 
brrr its cold 
been a long day .... hope i get some real sleep sometime soon 
weekend went by too fast . 4:30 is coming too soon 
ugh :( 
Rest in peace Gpa < PROPFIRST > Butcher 
It's soooo cold :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! i hope < PROPFEMALE > was good to you all :) 
In the end , my kids will know they were my everything :) 
Kacee got a 4.0 this quarter !!!! So proud of her :) 
I miss my Dad ... I wish I was with him . Hes in < PROPFEMALE > 
Yesterday it was nice and < PROPFEMALE > and warm .... and today it's snowing . Thats Wyoming for ya 
If your happy and you know it clap your hands ;) 
I never thought I would have a 2nd child .... now I can't imagine my life without both of my children . I love them so :) 
went to see my Aunt and Uncle yesterday ... it was great . I love them 
Kacee had an Orchestra Concert last night . She plays the violin and she is GREAT ! I'm a proud mama :) 
My brother is taking the Lady Red Devils to State ! He's an awesome coach :) 
Happy Monday :) 
... Every tall person needs a short person 
I think this should be interesting , share a memory you have of our friendship ! 
Having Karters 1st Bday party today !!! Woo hoo , so excited :) 
Karter had an awesome party ! Thanks to everyone who came and for the bday wishes :) 
why cant i upload pics ??? urgh this is frustrating 
its funny how can two people in the same situation have such different prospectives 
Karter took his 1st unassisted steps yesterday !!!!!!!!!! 
... I see your true colors , and thats why I love you . 
I'm not crazy , I'm just a little unwell 
No phone !!!! No texting !!! What will become of the day ??? 
I traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails , long showers for hairy legs , late nights for early mornings , designer purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing !! I LOVE MY CHILDREN !!!! With Mother's day drawing near let's see how many Moms Repost this . Moms don't care what we gave up and will continue to give up willingly for our kids . Even when theyre all grown up-they still need us :) 
I think my Dad should come home now .... me and my kids miss him :( 
HaPpY mOtHeRs DaY ! hAvE a GrEaT dAy 
It was a great Mothers Day :) Thank you family for the BBQ and scattergories , had a blast ! 
Had lots of fun in the sun today at the Zoo ! 
MY DADDY IS FINALLY HOME !!!!!!!!! :) 
The fire victims are needing size 2T girls clothing and womens 2X tops and size 20 pants . Also a toddler bed annd bedding . Or monetary donations are being accepted too . Every little bit will help this family . 
I believe in Angels . I knew one once . 
Karter is scheduled for surgery July 12th , getting his adnoids taken out . Kinda scary :( 
surgery went well and Karter is doing great \\n*BobBieDaWn * 
Thank you everyone for all the Birthday Wishes :) We were having loads of fun camping !!!!!! 
Chat is not working for me ..... aargh 
I got dealt a hand I don't know how to play 
Had the best surprise today !! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > showed up at my house .... Gol I love her :) We are havin a sleep over ! \\n*BobBieDaWn * 
Spending time with my Dad today :) \\n*BobBieDaWn * 
Good Luck DMS Volleyball Girls ! 
ALPHABALANCE\ 
Balancing my ABCs\ 
Takes from noon to half past three\ 
I don't have time to grab a T\ 
Or even stop to take a P\ 
Shel Silverstein 
So proud of < PROPFIRST > :) he got vendor of the month at smiths .... way to go honey ! \\n*BobBieDaWn * 
Got to go shopping in Park City :) Love it 
REMINDER : Jewelry party ! Tomorrow at 3 at my house ! 
If your Dad is , or was , your hero , your best friend , or just the BEST Dad ever ; whether you are blessed to still have your Dad with you , or if he is an ANGEL in heaven ... copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad , and that you love him ! I love you Dad !!! 
RIP Uncle < PROPFIRST > . You will be missed by many . 
My husband has made me laugh . Wiped my tears . Hugged me tight . Watched me succeed . Seen me fail . Cheered me on . Kept me going strong . My husband is a promise from God that I will have a friend forever . Put this as your status if you love your husband 
Everything is up in the air ..... will it fall together or fall apart ? 
Change your profile picture for one of a cartoon from your childhood , and \ 
invite your friends to do the same . Purpose of the game ? To not see any \ 
human face on Facebook until Monday , only an invasion of memories . ( FOR \ 
THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE ) Copy and paste on your wall !!! 
Had a wonderful night at my dads . I love my family :) \\n 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately . Re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world ! I do ! :-) 
Why do we sleep through church ? But stay awake for a 3 hour movie ? Why is it hard to pray , but easy to cuss ? Why is it so hard to re-post a Godly status but easy to re-post the mean ones ? Why can people worship a celebrity but not God ? Gonna ignore this ? Afraid to get laughed at ? I bet 80% of you won't re-post this . The Lord said \If you deny me in front of your friends I will deny you in front of my Father \"." 
Hip Hip Hooray !!!! Going to Salt Lake on a shopping spree with < PROPFEMALE > May ! No kids , no husbands ! 
I just feel sick . 
On\\n*BobBieDaWn * 
Please share this on you < PROPFEMALE > to get the word out . Thanks to everyone . 
Disney On Ice and Benihanas !!!! Hooray ! 
Woo Hoo ! Played darts with the whole family , 8 of us . AND I WON !!!! Lots of fun :) 
2 years ago today I was blessed with a beautiful baby boy :) Happy Birthday Karter ! 
