textitt (: 

whoa its sad that i think this is waking up early (: 
gonna see a movie later (: text it (: 
whoah im moving ): hah its just like a mile away , by the movie theater thoughh , so its alllrightt (: text me ? 
gotta go to bed ,,, text me (: 
mkay goodnight (: 
gonna go to moms housee laterrr . textt me (: 
in wyominggg . gonna see fireworks laterr (: 
is in < PROPMALE > wyomingg . pretty boringg . text it (: 
in denver (: gonna go shopping today . text (: 
gonna make something to eat (: text me later (: cant go back on facebook for a whileee . 
gonna go to subway later (: text (: 
was at breannas all weekendd ,, gonna go boating tomorrow (: 
dreaming about the day you wake up and find that what your looking for has been here the whole time . if you could see that im the one who understands you ... been here all along so why can't you see ... you belong with me (: 
going tubing tomorrow (: lost my phone ): 
dads house (: text me (: 
gonna babysit tomorrow (: 
whoah im finally going to bed . babysitting in morning (: text me (: 
babysat all dayy . i swear they are the cutest kids (: 
gonna < PROPFEMALE > with tierney today ((: goinnn to the movies ? 
gonna take a showerrr ,,, then tierneys coming overr (: text (: 
ahh im tiredd . gonna go swimming tomorrow (: text itt (: 
stopped raining (: might go swimming ? textt (: 
hanginn with erin (: 
jumpinnn on the trampolineeee ((: hahh hangingg withh erin (: textt it (: 
going to the mall of americaa ((: texttt ? 
tiredd . time for bed (: 
uptown < PROPMALE > fair with kelli (: text (: 
ice cream (: hahah text ? 
think imma go tanninggg . its sunnny for oncee (: textt (: 
(: gonna go to bed soon . textt it (: 
now i know why ,,, the trees change in the fall . i know you were on my side ,, even when i was wrong . and i love you for giving me your eyes . and standing back and watching me shine . and i didn't know if you knew , so im takin this < PROPMALE > to say ,,, i had the best day ,,, with you ,,, today (: 
going to breannaaas (: then orientationn . textt (: 
finally 14 ((: going to my grandmas house later and then with my sisterr somewhere . she wont tell me . hahah textt (: 
nothinn to do ,, so you better text me ((: 
i can't help it if you look like an angel ,, can't help it if i wanna kiss you in the rain so ,, come feel this magic i've been feeling since i met you ,, can't help if there's no one else ,, mm i can't help myself (: 
going to my cousins eagle scout ceromonyy . then famous daves (: 
goinggg shoppinggg (: then sleeping over at breannas housee (: 
might sleep over at breannas ? text ((: 
might still go to kickoff ? hahah text me (: 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > sleeping overr (: text me ((: 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > just leftt , gonna take a shower and thenn get ready for valleyfairrrr (: text me (: 
tierneys overr (: might go to the parkk ? textt (: 
loves her big sister :] 
new picturess (: textt me (: 
going to my moms (: banana cake (: might < PROPFEMALE > out with tierney tomorroww ? textt (: 
gonna go to the mall for a bit after matthews hockey game ,, southdalee ! ( : textt me (: 
high school tomorrow ,,, i can't believe summers overrr . but i still don't know my lunch hour ?! i hate the portal ): 
wowww , just found out im lunch a ?!? 
i can't believe summer is overr ! another first day of school ,,, (: or ): ? both ? waking up at five is gonna suck ! 
school was fine ,, tiredd ! i seriously dont wanna wake up again early tomorrow ! 
woww , i forgot how tired school makes me . ughh . well no homework todayy (: but i lost my phone today , and then got it backk . long story shortt , textt mee (: 
should i be embarrassed that ive listened to party in the usa by miley < PROPMALE > like 50 times this week ?!? 
home from school . south is so much better than mcguireeee (: 
goingg to my moms (: texttt me ! ( : 
loves her big sister < PROPFEMALE > <3 
hanging with tierneyy (: < PROPFEMALE > just left , we got all our fringes for our pants cutttt (: 
< PROPFIRST > and tierney are overrr (: just watched the < PROPFEMALE > montana movie ((: 
tierney , who sings that song ? yeah lets keep it that wayy (: 
wants to DO somethingg ! i wish the weekend was longerrr , don't wanna go back to schoollll tomorroww ! 
gonna eat dinnerrr , take a showerrr , go to bedd , then schooll (: texttt itt (: 
just got new colors for my bracesss (: 
homeee ,, kinda pissedd offf ,, but ohh well . were better offf ((: 
gonna go shoppingg (: texttt me (: 
could < PROPFIRST > swift be any more amazing ?! i swear you belong with me is the best music video everrr (: 
your beautiful , everyy little peice hunn . & don't you know , your really gonna be someonee . askk anyonee (: 
i want it to be summer so baddd ! winterr lasts waaaay too longg ! :\\ 
finals . awesome . 
going to brainerd for the weekend for < PROPFIRST>'s hockey tournament .. i have a feeling this weekend is gonna succkkkkkkkk .! 
Happy easter ! (: 
Nighht , see you next year spring breakk ! 
I love thunder and lightning (: mcas tomorrow .. ): 
Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise . No , I don't either .. 
Effff . I hate my phone . 
Pheobe . That's , P , as in < PROPFEMALE > , H , as in heobe , O as in oebe , E , as in ebe , B , as in < PROPFEMALE > , and E as in ... Ello there mate . 
If I had a gun with two bullets , & I was in a room with Hitler , Bin Laden , & < PROPFIRST > , I would shoot < PROPFIRST > twice . 
look at me , I'm chandler ! could I BE wearing any more clothes ? 
it's such a nice day :) 
god my brothers an idiot . 
listening to < PROPFIRST > swifts new single :) pretty sure i'm gonna love speak now . can't wait till october :) 
watching the crazies .. :) 
ew , your hair is almost as greasy as your face . 
just know I'm right here hoping .. that you come in with the rain . 
I think my birthdays my favorite day of the year :) 
cheesecake factory for dinner :) 
just drove past my old house in edina . so cute , makes me miss living in a city that doesn't suck . 
why do little kids keep adding me ? 
what part of shorn't don't you understand ? 
woww you're annoying . 
watchingg < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland :) texttt . 
holy fuck , there's a kids bop version of tik tok . just because you change tipsy to silly doesn't make that an ohkay song for children .. some people are so fucking stupid . 
was at the edina pool :) 
just look at the world around you , right here on the ocean floor . such wonderful things surround you , what more is you looking for ? 
loves pocket dialing people & leaving 40 minute voicemails . 
at the minnesota state fair . :) 
just got home from the fair .. my legs hurt so bad ! 
at the fair :) 
9/11 .. I can't believe its been 9 years . RIP . 
Oh my god , < PROPFEMALE > .. Look at her butt . It's so big . She looks like one of those rap guys girlfriends . But you know , who understands those rap guys ? They only talk to her cuz she looks like a total prostitute . I mean , her butt is just so big ! I can't believe it's so round , it's like , out there ! I mean .. gross ! She's just so .. black ! 
i love when it rainss :) 
babysittingg :) 
watching the < PROPFIRST > movie .. worst thing I've ever seen . ever . I'd rather watch that sad puppies commercial than this . 
easy a is such a good movie ! :) 
i am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion . 
sophistication isn't what you wear or who you know , or pushing people down to get you where you wanna go . oh , they didn't teach you that in prep school , so it's up to me . but no amount of vintage dresses gives you dignity . 
