Toasted . Slightly Toasted . 

Be optimistic ! Pretty sure it won't hurt :) 
I know that you believe you understood what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . 
Before you criticize someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way , when you criticize them , you are a mile away from them , and you have their shoes 
If you're going to walk on thin ice , you may as well dance 
It sucks when you find out ... they never really cared . :( 
A line is a < PROPFEMALE > that went for a walk 
* runs around in circles * 
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means you've decided to look beyond the imperfections 
The sun is shining and I am smiling :) 
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind 
Your life is an occasion . Rise to it 
disappearing doesn't sound all that bad 
singin don't worry bout a thing , cause every little thing is gonna be alright :) 
chillin with the coolest cats tonight , camping time ! :) 
You momma's are the best , have a wonderful day ! :) 
Hakuna Matata ! :D 
It just doesn't feel right , me being at home . I want out ! 
he sang his didn't he danced his did 
Tech N9ne tonight with my boy :D I am so ridiculously HAPPY !! :D 
It\ 
is a curious thought , but it is only when you see people looking \ 
ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them 
\Imperfection is beauty 
I've got sushine on a cloudy day ! :) 
I feel like i'm taking crazy pills !!!! 
your heart is my piñata <3 
I don't usually use the word hate , but I can truley say that I hate this town , and the people in it . Very very few people have wronged me here , and those that have I hope you're satisfied . Now that you've just about ruined someone elses life I'm sure you feel so much better about yours . 
Well , hopefully Wenatchee burns to the ground , that fire's getting awfully close 
I feel like driving my car off a < PROPMALE > . I'm not supposed to be happy , that's just it . People say you make yourself happy but I can't even do that . 
It's time for nothing but happiness 
No one knows what's next , but everyone does it 
I feel so accomplished ! I finally got a good picture of lightening :) 
“I\ 
laugh , I love , I hope , I try , I hurt , I need , I fear , I cry . And I know\ 
you do the same things too , So we're really not that different , me and \ 
you . ” 
What a great day ! Nothing's gonna bring me down :) 
Some 40 year old bitch tried starting shit with Brit and I at the freaking Backstreet Boys concert . Good ole Wenatchee right ? Jesus . 
We are the authors of our own disasters 
My mouth fucking hurts , got all of my wisdom teeth removed . All I wanted was for someone to lay down with me and help me feel better , guess that was too much to ask for . :( 
If you realized how powerful your thoughts were , you would never think a negative thought 
I think tonight there is some serious need for floppy pizza , brownies , and an insanely gory horror movie . Good times :) 
The tongue like a sharp knife ... Kills without drawing blood 
You haven't lost your smile at all , it's right under your nose . You just forgot it was there :) 
“The\ 
most important things are the hardest things to say . They are the \ 
things you get ashamed of because words diminish your feelings - words \ 
shrink things that seem timeless when they are in your head to no more \ 
than living size when they are brought out . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
I wish I had my own personal cook 
I love to clean , but not recently . My back is all sorts of f'd up :( 
“I can't change the direction of the wind , but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
They\ 
say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never\ 
question friendship . These friends just pick up like they just spoke \ 
yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live \ 
and don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but ... that \ 
you will aways love them . Re-post if you have at least one friend like \ 
this . I am privileged to say I do . 
“The course of true love never did run smooth . ” - < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare 
Everything's starting to come together again . No more unmotivated < PROPFIRST > ! 
Singin don't worry about a thing , cause every little thing is gonna be alright ! 
I refuse to spend another night completely alone in my house , last night was scary :( 
Every path has its puddle 
I need to get away from here , far away . This town is ruining me . 
Because of your smile , you make life more beautiful <3 
Your ship is finally coming into port after being out in rough seas for so long , Scorpio . \ 
It's time to dock the boat for a while . Relax and explore the area . \ 
There is nothing wrong with getting off your vessel for a while . You may\ 
not even realize how much you've missed solid ground until now . \ 
Remember what it's like to be stable again . \ 
------------ \ 
My horoscope for today , couldn't be any more accurate 
Today's been the laziest day of my life , but I'm fine with that :) 
Finally got my own guitar hero set up , time to rock out with my cock out :) 
Oh baby it's a wild world 
Thank you everyone for the happy birthdays :) <3 
I need a healthy stress outlet 
I think I am , therefore , I am . I think . 
I really have no < PROPFEMALE > to shovel heaping amounts of snow this year . Sorry kids but you're gonna have to trudge through 5 feet of snow when walking past my house ! 
You laugh at me because I am different , but I laugh at you because you are all the same 
GWAR Tomorrow ! Can't wait to get drenched and bruised :) 
If you're going to walk on thin ice , you might as well dance 
Sometimes\ 
I wish that I was the weather , you'd bring me up in conversation \ 
forever . And when it rained , I'd be the talk of the day . 
If\ 
toast always lands butter-side down , and cats always land on their \ 
feet , what happens if you strap toast on the back of a cat and drop it ? 
www.zombo.com 
Look for the rainbow in every storm <3 
Voldemort refers to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > as \You Know Who \"" 
No longer am I to < PROPFEMALE > the world on my shoulders as I have done these past few years . Now is the time to be as happy as I can possibly be , and to not worry about the little things I can't fix . I want to be the brightest crayon in the box ! 
I can't do this alone , you need to be willing to make it better too . 
Sometimes you just need to SCREAM ! 
I want more than anything , a tattoo for Christmas . 
“I love you , and because I love you , I would sooner have you hate me for telling you the truth than adore me for telling you lies . ” \ 
-Pietro Aretino 
Be too large for worry , to < PROPMALE > for anger , too strong for fear , and too happy to permit the presence of trouble 
I pity the fool ! 
Walkin on sunshine 
Not a care in the world , it feels so great to be completely happy :) 
I need a vacation away from here 
What a beautiful day :) 
People are dumb . Stop it . 
Don't take things for granted . More importantly , don't take HER for granted . 
“Never forget that only dead fish swim with the stream . ” \ 
- < PROPMALE > Muggeridge\ 
\ 
Random little side fact ... I NEED an amusement park !! ROLLER COASTERS ALL DAY !! Hopefully this will come sooner than later cause I need me some fast rides , and adrenaline boosts . Hope you all ( or whoever even reads these ) had , and are having a great weekend :) <3 
gone and slipped , no one there to catch me . i just want to be okay . 
Fuck that . I will be okay . I deserve to be f'in happy ! I will always look for the rainbow in every storm . 
All I can do is believe and hope things will work out great .. I refuse to let myself get carried away in negative thoughts . Optimism is key . 
Crazy is as crazy does .. 
I've got a pocket full of sunshine <3 
People are so amusing . Thanks for giving me something to laugh at ! hah . What a beautiful day . 
I don't care said < PROPMALE > , I'm from < PROPFEMALE > ! 
“You may fool all the people some of the time , you can even fool some of the people all of the time , but you cannot fool all of the people all the time . ” \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
if you love me , comment on this status\ 
-if you think I am a good friend , like this status\ 
-if you have ever had a crush on me , poke me\ 
-if you hate me , message me why\ 
-If your not scared , post this on your wall and see what happens 
“Life is full of beauty . Notice it . Notice the bumble < PROPFEMALE > , the small child , and the smiling faces . Smell the rain , and feel the wind . Live your life to the fullest potential , and fight for your dreams . ” - < PROPFIRST > Smith 
Care to dance ? 
Good morning starshine , the earth says hello ! 
The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept . 
fuck the fucking fuck right the fuck off . 
I'm single , and looking great if I do say so myself , time to fucking party 
So much happiness ! <3 
Can't stop , won't stop . 
fuck valentines day . 
Today has been the best day of my LIFE !! AHHHHH !!! * dances ! * 
No sense makes sense 
That's it . I'm getting a tattoo when I get my tax return ! 
Highway run\ 
Into the midnight sun\ 
Wheels go round and round\ 
You're on my mind\ 
Restless hearts\ 
Sleep alone tonight\ 
Sendin all my love\ 
Along the wire 
where the fuck are you tax return ??!!!! 
The world for once , in perfect < PROPFEMALE > :) <3 
Pure love produces pure nonsense 
Getting a guitar here soon , going to teach myself to play :) 
Insomnia 
Sister's in town , I so happy !!! 
Portland , here I come ! I may or may not be returning . :) 
Well back to the snatch , had myself a pretty dec vacation besides the driving back part . Got freaking LOST and the 5 and a half hour drive back turned into an 11 hour drive back . I'm just a little retarded sometimes , least I made it back ! :) 
Can't spell slaughter without laughter ! :D 
I don't even know what to do with myself right now ! I've been running around since I woke up , woke up with my o.c.d rates at the highest , haha . I think it's probably time I just sit down , relax and put on an epic horror flick 
so uh does someone wanna help teach me how to play guitar ? i tried and who coulda guessed it ?! epic fail 
Had a pretty metal night last night I must say . Definitely paying for it today in pain but I wouldn't have it any other way 
Must . Have . Coffeeeeeeee 
Don't push me cause I'm close to the edge I'm tryin not to lose my head ! 
You think that you're too cool for school , but I have a newsflash for you < PROPFIRST > Cronkite ... you aren't . 
Time to play some < PROPFEMALE > ? Hell yes it is ! 
chicken pot pie ... those are my three favorite things ! 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter 
Well fuck , hopefully I'm not dying . I was just researching my most recent problem which is random moments of dizziness or vertigo through out the day , its been happening the past 3 or 4 days . Anyways , I researched it a bit , and I scared . I need to go see my doctor . 
Every pretty girl deserves to go to a ball !..... I want my ball experience . 
You are never lost if you don't care where you are 
Ending the night with rugrats and mint chocolate chip ice cream . oh yeah . 
Goin off the rails on a crazy traaaaaaaain 
FUCK it felt great to stand up and say exactly what I wanted to for once . 
Kudos to my father for april fooling me when I was pretty sure no one could ! 
\The day is ending . It's time for something that was beautiful to turn into something else that is beautiful . Now 
The extent of my days excitement ... chalking up my huge driveway . 
Damn right I'm a maniac\ 
You better watch your back\ 
Cuz I'm fuckin ' up your program 
Times be tough . 
Got hair that smells like bubblegum and green hands 
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house 
Here's a thought , if you say you are going to do something , FUCKING DO IT . 
Scratch that last post . Bad < PROPFIRST > for posting negativeness , I need to stop that . 
