We prayed and drank the old year out and the new year in . WOOHOO !!! 

It's been snowing all day but I don't think it will stick . It will probably all melt in the morning . See all of you guys at school tomorrow ! 
First day at the IT/Acxiom Careers Camp has been okay . I got to stay here until Saturday so I'm hoping that it will get better . 
Our frickin computer broke down ! We got it fixed though . The IT/Acxiom Careers Camp was a blast ! We had to walk everywhere in 94+ temperature , though . The food made up for it . Free breakfest , lunch , and dinner at a university . That and in the past couple 
I got to get myself in shape before going back to school . It is now officially 1 month till the beginnng of school . I'm going to start this 10 minute work out everyday . Wish me luck ! 
Damn it ! I failed my drivers permit test ! Now I have only one more Wednsday until school starts . I've got to pass it this next time . 
I've passed my driver's permit test ! Now I have to start driving my parents to church ... sigh . My book hasn't gotten anywhere . Plus all I think I've been doing lately is excercise and sleep . Oh and read . 
I'm not liking speech so much . One day into the school year and we already have to write an essay . I can't wait until Christmas break when I get out of their . Other than speech , I don't have any complaints except my hand will probably fall off from writing so many notes . 
I've been feeling kinda down this week but I don't know why . It's like I have a bunch of weights on my shoulders . I feel like I can't function .. all I want to do is sleep and eat . Video games don't have the same thrill as they once had . This must be the weight of responsibility and the 10th grade ... lol Psych !!! 
I feel lonely . Nobody is on ... sigh 
I'm basically making new links for these videos I found 
I guess i'm gonna go take a shower now 
I didn't think I was ever gonna get finished with that speech . Now I'm just sitting here listening to The Black Eyed Peas - I gotta feeling and Boom Boom Pow . 
I'm feelin ' pretty good about 9 weeks test . I think I'll ace my Algebra 2 test tomorrow 
is at the family bonfire eating hotdogs and smores 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! 
Finally we got the computer to work . I hooked it up and got it goin and Mom got the internet to work . Windows 7 is freakin awsome !! I'm super excited that it's Christmas break ; I swear I've never felt like I had sleep for 12 hours at one time but I did on friday . That's whats been happening with me . The new Friday the 13th is being shown right now and I have to admit that I'm not getting scared . 
I just beat Crisis Core : Final Fantasy VII and the ending is freaking awsome !! I almost started to cry because it was also a little sad . My car is starting to turn into junk . My mom hooked her car charger for her phone into it and three things happened : The LED lights that come on at night flickered on and off , the radio can barely switch stations , and the door locking mechanism won't work anymore ... :'( 
This life is nothing but a trial , full of it's pleasures and let-downs . However , what we receive when we let that last breath go is more satisfying than anything this world can give us . So buckle up , < PROPMALE > , because it's going to be one bumpy ride 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! 
It's freakin cold in this house ! I think it's like 30-40 degrees in in the computer room . I can't believe I'm saying this but I'm actually missing school . It's kinda boring at the house I'm actually considering going back to bed with my new pillow ... yeah I'll do that . See ya later 
When you close your doors , and make darkness within , remember never to say that you are alone , for you are not alone ; nay , God is within , and your genius is within . And what need have they of light to see what you are doing ? 
Happy New Year !!!! 
Yes ! No School ! It kinda sucks because I wanted to see < PROPFEMALE > but oh well , I'll see her tomorrow . 
This house is way too dang cold . I wearin a new American Eagle hoodie and an Eskimo looking jacket . I think the temperature is around 20-30 in this house 
But the fruit of the Spirit is love , joy , peace , longsuffering , gentleness , goodness , faith , Meekness , temperance : against such there is no law . Galatians 5:22 -23 
Holy crap I finally got the new printer setup . It took forever and I thought I was going to die before I got it plugged up . Anyway now I'm looking for new phones . Our phones are not charging so I'm looking for some new ones . And we have no water to answer natures call or take a shower . It's been a very crappy day so far 
The dang water is still not fixed ! I bet I've emptied 4 gallons of water into the freakin toliets already :( Now I'm working on Biology , English , and Algebra II . sigh ... 
nobody better think I'm insane when they read my new note ! Now I'm working on Algebra II 
I failed my driver's test today . I'm pretty mad but I guess there is a plusside to it : Our water came back on today . 
Just got the new gameinformer . Top cover story : Halo : Reach !!! 
it seems everyone went somewhere this weekend ... sigh . I'm bored and nobody invites me anywhere . I guess I'll just sit here and do random quizzes . 
I feel like I'm going to pass my driver's test on Wednsday . Dad and me went through ALL of perryville , done the driving course at least 3 times frontwards and at least 2 times backwards , and we went through ALL of < PROPFIRST > . After all that , Dad said I quote \ drive like a freaking old timer and I need to speed it up \"" 
Love is like a fire : it burns extremely hot and it can change it's heat in a instant . You never know when it will flare up or burn down to cinders . All you can do is keep adding kindling and hope the flame will stay burning forever . 
Today has been a great day for me : I passed my driver's test , I didn't have any homework , and I found a way to get on Facebook , myspace , Youtube , etc . at school 
Note to Self : Leg cramps can cause strange behavior and extreme cussing 
Following God increases your < PROPFEMALE > , kindness , and wisdom Disobeying him only increases your sin ... which one would you rather have ? 
Bayonetta is one of the best dang games around . The actions scenes are top notched , the storytelling is off the chain , and the boss fights are out of this world !!! I just beat it and I still can't get my jaw off the floor !!! I would recommend this game to anyone who loves hardcore action games and pretty women ( wink wink) !!! 
I went to the most expensive place in Arkansas yesterday : The Capitol Hotel at Little Rock . I've never seen so much marble in one place !! I don't want to go to school tomorrow but the snow will probably be melted by then . 
This homework is making me madder than an albino hitchhiking in a snowstorm ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau : The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness . Only the words of a loving man can be heard 
My house seems to get weirder everyday . The other day , I was doing my homework and I look to talk to dad and I see mom drinking a gallon of straight pickle juice ! Then just moments ago , mom had one of her spells where she doesn't talk right and she can't understand what other people are saying . I can't get any of my words to penetrate her thick skull . But on a happy note i beat Killzone 2 
I didn't know their was no school today until 9 o ' clock this morning ! Now I'm hearing that we won't have school tommorrow either ! Woohoo ! This would be a good time to get some stuff done with my book \Star Fire \"." 
I just now learned that we're not going to school tommorrow either ! That's three days in a row ! We're all going to end up paying for this when we get near the end of school 
I was watching a movie called < PROPFEMALE > Grandin , after the famous autistic woman , when I had an apihimy : What we do in this world will always have an effect on generations to come . Make your life , when other people look back upon it after your gone , to where they know that you made a difference . 
I offically have my Intermediate Driver's Licence ! 
Mohandas K . Gandhi : An eye for an eye will make the whole world blind . 
Rare happening occured . Me and Dad almost got into a fight over Me and mom accidently falling asleep in church . The farthest we got was a heated discussion and I think it was a draw . He's afraid it will hurt his public image and I told him he shouldn't care about that . He needs to support mom because she's going through a rough time . Never mind all this ... we'll work it out 
Mohandas K . Gandhi : An eye for an eye will make the whole world blind . 
May be getting a new phone tomorrow due to a loophole ! Apparently it's less expensive to get a phone and a free one with it than paying money for going over your text message limit . Woo Hoo ! 
Activating my new phone hasn't gone as planned . Apparantly , you need the last four digits of your Social Security # , but I don't know either mine or dad's so I'm screwed . lol ! I guess I'm gonna have to wait until he gets home so he can do it ... dang it . 
Had the weirdest dang bus ride of my life just now . I was sitting with this girl and this kid asked if he could sit with us . I said sure and he jumped over me and landed in the girl's lap and she didn't mind . His legs were hanging out in the asile and he kept on trying slap and kick me . The bad thing was his legs were pressing down on my Algebra II book and it was putting on pressure on my .... you know . 
I finally got my phone activated ! Dad pulled a trick on me though . I thought I was going to get the black one but I found out that his phone # was on it so we swicthed . I now have a Blazing Red Samsung Intensity . ( It looks kinda pink to me ) ..... -sigh- 
Man I'm happy that it is the weekend . I'm just chillin so don't bother me okay ? 
Is finishin up Mrs. Hamling's essay . I think it's gonna take up 2 1/2 pages ! Other than that , I'm pretty bored . Just sittin here typing and listening to Boys Like Girls and all my other 168 songs . 
Dang . I'm ready for the weekend . 
I just now woke up . I really needed that apparently . Just sitting here listening to music 
Crap ! I got to do FAITH homework ... -sigh- 
Your loss is my gain , in a world with no rules , I find this easy to say : , I'm all the craze ! 
Wow . I still can't get over Winterjam last night . That was the most spiritually awsome event I've ever been at . I'm happy that I went and could enjoy some awsome singing about the Lord ! 
Woo I'm tired . I'm about to go all the way to < PROPFEMALE > to the A to Z store . Doesn't sound very exciting but , what the heck ? I got nothing better to do 
Spring Break has gone by too fast if u ask me . Oh well . 
I saw Ninja Assassain on Pay-Per-View after I got home . The fight scenes were amazing but they could have used a lot less blood . The story , in my opinion , was crappy . The fights made up for that though 
Funny but sad . Got home from Easter at my grandmas to hear a funny noise . I investigated and found a little rip in Mom's Aerobed . I ended up patching it with ducktape but it's not working so well . lol 
Someday I'm gonna get all these drawings online when I find the time 
My mom going through some hard times right now . She's babbling and seeing hallucinations . We've had to take her over to the hospital one time and she's over there again . Please pray for me and my family . Thank you 
Just had some great new . Mom's hopefully coming home tomorrow . The hospital put her in the pscychiatric < PROPMALE > and said she was bipolar . That's a load of bull ! She was touched by the Holy Spirit and made changes in my family . Thank u to all who prayed for her and my family ! God bless you all 
The woods are lovely , dark and deep . But I have promises to keep , and < PROPMALE > to go before I sleep . -- < PROPFIRST > Frost 
Just now saw Terminator Salvation and it was awsome ! It's not better than Ninja Assassain though . 
Would someone give me an anime person to draw ? I'm not picky so mention anyone and I'll draw them . 
Ahh ! this dang sunburn hurts ! I had an awsome day with Nick(though I kinda thought he was a little too excited to drive the Mule ) Had to plant seeds , hoe , and till the garden . then we went up to petit < PROPFIRST > mount . to eat . Finally got back ! 
just got back from my cousin Corbin's graduation at Arkansas Tech . I'm happy for him and wish him luck in the real world . 
Woo Hoo ! Last week of school and I'm out for the summer ! It's going to be awsome ! 
I start my summer excercise routine at 5:30 tomorrow morning . Wish me luck ! 
I got home today after the evening church service and found my mom having what looked like seizure twitches . It turns out , according to her , that is how the Lord gives her knowledge . I believe in Jesus Christ yet I can't wrap my head around this event . I can't help but think this is scitsophrenia , yet I can't see it . I'm mentioning this to see if anyone had an opinion and for you guys to pray for my family . Thanks 
So far , my exercise is going well . I hope it keeps up . 
HAHAHA ! the English Pirate Language is hilarious ! scroll to the bottom of your facebook < PROPFEMALE > and on the bottom left corner inlittle blue letters , click \English\ " When \ 
This exercise routine is working great ! I dropped from 240 to 235 in two days ! WooHoo 
I have to start getting up to workout . Anyway , I'm leaving for < PROPFEMALE > Beach on Thursday . I'm ready for some awsome surfing ! 
This is sad . I ordered some dvds to watch while at < PROPFEMALE > beach and they are all in Japanese ! Does anyone happen to know how to add English to them ? If not , I'll sell them on Ebay and get my mom's money back 
Woo ! < PROPFEMALE > Beach is awsome ! I'm having to use my psp for internet though . Im going to be here until Friday . dont miss me to much ! 
Wooo ! I'm finallly off the cruise and back home ! Going to Cozumel , Mexico was fun but I would rather stay in Arkansas for the rest of the summer . 
Sticks and Stones may break my bones ... but words will devestate my inner child forever ! 
Dang ! Three days of getting up at 9:00 and working in the garden sure does wear you down . I think I could sleep for the rest of the day ! 
all you people laying around the house or out in town are lucky . I've been in a garden since 7:00 
Man I couldn't sleep and I ended up listening to , of all things , an old Pokemon Movie soundtrack . Reminded me of younger days where I was naive about the world . OH how I wish the world was as simple as that again . 
Death at a Funeral is hilarious . \My manhood is being questioned right now\ " LMAO " 
I'm not ready to go back to school , but I guess there's no choice . I still can't believe I'm a < PROPMALE > . I can clearly remember my first day of kindergarten . It's like I jumped from there to here with only the snap of my fingers . I'll be happy with just seeing my friends and getting this year over with . 
First day of school and I already feel like I'm going to have a mental breakdown . What do Mrs. Trusty's Photography classes do ? 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , why do you got to be so picky ? I faded from asleep to awake in class , you tried to talk behind my back . Let me tell you one thing that you should know about me . I do ALL of my work to be the best ,. I may get an attitude at times , but I am rightly justified in my opinion : Back talkers are trash and deserve nothing good . So the next time you decide to make that decision , shove your opinions into oblivion . 
Funny church sign : You may party in hell but you will be the barbecue 
Holy Crap ! I got done watching The Lovely Bones just a few minutes ago and I can't stop crying . I don't care who you are : that movie will touch you in some way . Now I got to finish all these note cards for Mrs. Brucks . -dramatic sigh- 
I'm really ticked and feeling retarded . I got home only to realize that I left my second flashdrive in the EAST room . That's two I've frickin lost ! AGHHHHH ! If anyone on here was in EAST today and you saw a flashdrive sticking out of a computer , please comment on this . 
Wow . I went to download a song off of Limewire only to find out that they are under a court order injuction and it's illegal to download any songs at this time . I hope they beat it or I'm gonna have to find some new software 
Man , I'm gonna have to cut my internet usage . I try to work on a term paper and I end up on youtube . I might have to turn parental controls on and limit the time I can be on . 
It seems everytime I get on Facebook , the layout changes . Pick something and stay with it ! 
This is so cool ! I'm on my aunt's Toshiba netbook at her hair salon . I guess it's new because it's still shiny . I could get used to this . 
Finally home ! The transmission in my grandma's Grand Caravan went out and I've been cramped in a truck for a hour doing homework . I hate chryslers ! 
I'm thinking about getting a job next summer , but my chances are about as good as a birthday clown with tourettes . 
Why is everyone using < PROPFIRST > in their status ? 
just sittin here , doing history work and watching old Dragonball Z episodes . Good Times ! 
Random thought : if you are what you eat , what would a cannibal be ? 
The\ 
largest number of children born to one woman is recorded at 69 . From \ 
1725-1765 , a Russian peasant woman gave birth to 16 sets of twins , 7 \ 
sets of triplets , and 4 sets of quadruplets . \ 
And you thought one was bad ! 
I just went to Powerthirst.ca and they said they were sold out ! Seems nobody is getting uncomfortably energetic for awhile . 
I just found out that < PROPFIRST > McCartney voiced Roxas and Ventus in Kingdom Hearts : Birth By Sleep . I never would have guessed ! 
Anybody else ready for next week to be over ? 
Is it weird for a guy to be on two prozacs and act fine when not having taken one since last friday ? I don't because I'm liveing it right now . 
Thank the lord for Christmas Vacation ! 
I'm starting to hate itunes ! I was trying to organize my library but it ended up deleting every music file on my computer . Luckily I had a backup on one of my other drives . I just now got done deleting all the duplicates . Maybe I should just stay with windows Media Player 
\If you love me let me go\ 
Woo ! happy one family christmas is over . I almost didn't make it because : Me without prozac + babies or toddlers = babies or toddlers flying through windows 
Happy about my IPod Touch ! Getting frustrated with Itunes saying my connection resets every 5 seconds . Anybody know how to fix this ? 
sitting here looking up the new pokemon list for Black and White and thinking about watching an anime called < PROPFEMALE > Tail 
Woo ! It's snowing at my house 
Just got the call from the school . Officially no school tomorrow ! 
sittin here hopin that 3rd period will turn out better than today 
my answering machine is broke so does anyone know if we're out tomorrow 
I'm confused . If < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > were ordered to populate the world , they would need to have children . If those children were going to have kids , they would have to have sex with their siblings . Isn't that incest ? just something rolling around inside my head 
These altered books sketches are really stretching my imagination . I don't think the real book is going to turn out that well . 
does anyone know what our work was in US History and Psychology 
finally feeling better . It turns out I took more than twice my dosage this morning . My mom said its a wonder I didn't die due to all the drugs I accidentally took . I'm going to be looking at the pill < PROPFEMALE > cups more closely now . Thinking I want to crash asleep on my bed again . ( yawn ) 
got done showering and accidentally put acne face wash in hair . warning says if this happens , bleaching may occur . I might have blond or white hair by monday 
Someone has lost my keys . Its driving me crazy trying to find them . ( sigh ) 
Wants to remind all fellow chemistry students about the worksheet problems and the writing we have to do in our composition books are due tomorrow . 
320 leeches in 15 minutes can drain your body dry of blood . Gotta Love MAnswers 
Just got done mowing the yard . Spring and Summer are just around the corner 
Roses are red , \ 
Violets are blue , \ 
Sugar is sweet , \ 
and so are you . \ 
But the roses are wilted , \ 
the violets are dead , \ 
the sugar bowl is empty\ 
and so is your head ! 
Almost died leaving Perryville this afternoon . Some jerk turned out into the road right as I was approaching Ezell's . This caused me to not see the traffic jam past him and I had to slam the breaks while cruising through oncoming traffic and trying to find a spot in the line . I think I can say I'm an awesome driver under pressure . 
Anything good in life is either illegal , immoral or fattening . 
Just watched Paranormal Activity 2 . My mind has been officially freaked . 
Just realized something while rewriting one of my stories : I can make awesome fight scenes , but I suck with anything that has to do with dialogue . 
Seasons come and go\ 
But I will never change\ 
And I’m on my way !! Awesome song by Tinie Tempah . 
This is funny but amazing : you can't name a new folder \con\ " in Microsoft Windows . " 
God , bless my family and help us through our troubles 
just thought of something funny : \Hell has frozen over . The icicles are forming and the snowball fights are well underway . Come join us . \"" 
who knew looking at WWII propaganda posters would be akin to a optical illusion . All the pictures look like their moving up and down 
Just reminding everyone who has Mrs. Trafford's History class : Remember to do your WWII Propaganda Posters that are due Tuesday ! 
I got a 27 on my ACT ! First time I took it 
Does anyone know why there are cops and an ambulance by the houses near the gas station in Adona ? 
