is finishing up the first of 5 paintings ... 

will be in Portland until Tuesday night ! 
is going to < PROPFEMALE>'s Rock Band party tonight !! 
“The worst thing you can do for love is deny it ; so when you find that special someone , don't let anyone or anything to get in your way . ” 
is becoming addicted to Sims 3 .. 
is about to make her super delicious breakfast burritos despite the fact that it is 3:30 pm !!!! 
is saying a big ' FUCK YOU ' to Bank of < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > dies of a heart attack and < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett dies of anal cancer .... the world is going to shit . 
Had fun playing Rock Band tonight ! 
is irritated with the day 
is quite hungover . 
has been standing outside , talking to my good friend < PROPFEMALE > on the phone , enjoying the sunset , and watching a gaggle of swallows < PROPMALE > each other in the breeze . 
has a busy week ahead of her . 
is a marshmallow roasting master . Don't you forget it ! 
wants homemade biscuits with honey ... mmmmm ! 
is noticing that it is getting darker earlier .... 
is through the looking glass . 
is over this heat . That is all . 
is about to watch Disney's < PROPFIRST > Hood as a pre-game perk before karaoke tonight ! 
is cuttin ' a rug 
dreamed of hot pink and blue ferrets last night . They were very cute . 
anyone have an xbox 360 hard drive they wanna sale ? 
desperately needs to find an xbox 360 hard drive so that she can retrieve all of her downloaded content from RB2 !! 
is going apartment hunting ! 
Getting ready to do makeup for a big photoshoot ! 
wonders why it is so hard to find a room for rent in Seattle that doesn't require other ' favors ' to be performed as a ' benefit ' to being someone's roommate ?????? Wtf , really ? 
To be or not to be ? That is the question .... 
is gonna go night swimmin ' at Greenlake ! 
is making pancakes ... yum ! 
is mentally preparing herself for homelessness if she cannot find an apartment in 10 days . 
Cross your fingers for me ; I've got two potential places to live ! I will know what happens by Saturday !! 
my spidey sense is tingling .. 
is cooking curry tonight . 
loves Japanese game shows !! 
Has a busy day ahead ; I'm going to look at two potential places to live ( and hopefully I will get one so that I am not homeless by September ) and then I am partying it up for Stef's bday with ' < PROPFEMALE > tracks ' .. 
had tons of fun at Stef's bday last night ! 
is going to Neighbors with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > tonight ! 80's music galore !! 
is just human . 
is recovering from dancing the night away to 80's music in 7\ platform shoes . " 
likes cheese . 
is reorganizing her makeup portfolio for her interview with M.A.C. 
is dyin ' her hair . 
is drinking a delicious bubbletea 
got a counter position at M.A.C cosmetics today .... time for cocktails !! 
mmmm ..... mocha ! 
So , apparently , if I want to transfer all of my saved games/gamer profile from one xbox 360 hard drive to a different hard drive I can't do it without a ) deleting everyone else's saved games/profile from the hard drive first or b ) transfer ALL of the content from one hard drive to the other including other people's saved games/profiles . Apparently , I can't just chose the games I want to transfer . Thanks , Microsoft . 
FINALLY , got her saved games transferred ! Now I need to go shopping for comfy work shoes for M.A.C. This should be challenging , because they have to be really comfy for standing on marble floors for 7 hours straight and very trendy looking at the same time .... any suggestions ? 
Is off to do some shopping on the Ave and get some bubbletea !!! 
needs to find some pointy boots .. 
is about to play some Rock Band 2 now that I have my 200+ songs of DLC !. W00T ! 
when it rains , it pours . 
might be getting a cold .. =( 
Jalapeno milk is hard to drink ... 
is not happy about being sick .... UGH . 
is about to go see what new DLC is available for Rock Band ... 
Just got finished watching the animated version of The Hobbit . 
wants to take opera lessons . 
WoW puts a bad taste in my mouth ... 
Ok , so I am not a huge Beatles fan , but for the sake of all the people who come to the Rock Band parties at the mansion ( and it can be quite a few folks ) , why oh why are they not making any of the Beatles songs available for DLC on RB2 ????????????? 
lost her voice . Thanks head cold ! 
about to do the whole pizza and a movie thang ! 
my feet feel like they have been through a meat grinder ..... ugh . 
just got finished singing a bunch of Boston songs . 
First , sushi and then rock band at the mansion @ 7pm ! 
has little control and feels like she is being pulled in many directions at once . 
just got finished downloading ' Tribute ' by Tenacious D for Rock Band 2 ! 
wants a new tattoo . 
just got off the 545 and got to watch what seemed to be two sisters ( one was massively obese ) , who looked sort of inbred ( both were cross-eyed and had a recessed < PROPFEMALE > ) , go at a double-strawed slushie as if they were in a porno . They were feeding it to each other , while at the same time caressing each other , and then they would suck the straws in the most vulgar way at the same time . It was disturbing .. 
saw 9 last night . Great animation . Shallow plot . 
is planning a ' Thriller ' themed event for work @ M . A . C ...... dancing zombies anyone ? 
needs to go to the hair store soon .. 
Bumbles bounce . 
is dying her hair Black , Black , Black , Black No . 1 
just got finished making a nice , big , fat Halloween playlist . 
gonna relax in a bubblebath !!! Oh , how it has been < PROPFEMALE > long since I've been able to take one ! 
is off to dreamland . 
blah , blah , blah 
has a busy day ahead of her !!! 
enjoyed this early fall day . Fall is definitely my favorite season . 
is waiting in anticipation to eat the best chicken-n-dumplins EVER . 
don't forget : Pirates vs . Ninjas Karaoke this Wednesday at Little Red Hen . Be there ! 
is making supreme caramel nut bars and watching The Hudsucker Proxy . 
wants to carve pumpkins and make shrunken apple heads 
is excited to move into her new place , but tired of moving . 
needs to go furniture shopping 
The first time ever I saw your face , I thought the sun < PROPFEMALE > in your eyes . And the < PROPFEMALE > and the stars were the gifts you gave , to the dark and the end of the skies 
who wants to go to ikea with me today ? 
if you can't reach me by phone it is because I left my charger at work and my phone is dead ! 
sat next to the bearded lady on the bus home last night . 
has a violent case of the hiccups . 
is planning on being a 50's Frankenstein housewife for Halloween ... complete with apron and bloody rolling pin . 
is not really sure how this day is gonna go . I think the rain has set a melancholic tone to everything . 
needs to have a Rock band night soon . I just downloaded a bunch of < PROPFEMALE > DLC !!!!!!! 
needs to buy a dishset . 
is off to create some new < PROPMALE > ! 
is looking to buy an xbox 360 , anyone selling ? 
is ready for a weekend of thriller-dancing zombies ! 
is procrastinating getting ready for work . 
so I decided to color my hair last night as it had faded pretty bad and pretty much looked like this nasty , dull brown . I decided to try a deep burgundy color by Garnier Fructis and , wow , am I dissapointed . There is barely any red in my hair . I am just a darker , dull brown . :( 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
wants to start turning my drawings into huge paintings on canvas and selling them . 
has to contend with zombies today . 
yep , I'm addicted to < PROPMALE > . 
has a SUPER busy next couple of weeks at work !!! 
grumble , grumble , grumble ... 
is on a flight to Mississippi .... found out my stepdad died today . All halloween plans are cancelled . 
feels numb . 
is feeling better . Now we just need to tie up all the loose ends . 
is helping my mom look for a possible place to live in Seattle . I am the only family she has left now .. 
It's raining , it's pouring ... 
My mom and I might be going to see < PROPFIRST > Black tonight . We need something to brighten this week . He was one of my stepdad's fav comedians and had originally bought the tickets for himself and my mom . I think my stepdad would want us to go . 
just gave herself a haircut . 
omg , < PROPFIRST > Black was HILARIOUS . 
Happy Halloween everyone ! 
is back . 
has a stupid cold . 
needs sleep . 
Ugh . Head . Hurts . 
needs new music suggestions .. 
listening to some Chopin . 
thinks a big mug of hot chocolate would be just grand right now . 
enjoyed seeing many familiar faces tonight ! It has been awhile ... 
tried singing at Rock Band last night ... it sounded pretty horrible with this cold ! 
is enjoying her day off from work and playing with her new M.A.C pigment set .. 
needs to go dancing again soon . It has been too long .... 
needs new < PROPMALE > supplies . 
feels like singing . 
is ready to settle down with a nice book for the evening . 
wants to have another Rock Band night soon .... * wink , wink * 
is over it . 
is saddened to learn that the city of Memphis is destroying a part of history - the Zippin Pippin - < PROPFEMALE>'s oldest wooden rollercoaster ( it's in the Guiness Book of World Records ) frequently ridden by < PROPMALE > Presley back in the day - is no more . =( 
Black < PROPFEMALE > and Coca-Cola , please ! 
just bought a turkey . :D 
can't wait for this weekend !! Rockband and booze !!! 
is enjoying the fog . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!!! 
Turkey's cooking in the oven , just got finished dusting my whipped cream covered chocolate pie with a bit of cocoa powder , and now on to making the greenbean casserole !! 
Turkey's done ! Now just waiting on the mashed potatos , gravy , oyster stuffing , greenbean casserole , and steamed cauliflower w/ cheese sauce !!!!! I'm sooo hungry !!! 
played rockband until 6 a.m. this morning . Woke up at 3 p.m. with a bit of a < PROPFEMALE > over . I had so much fun !!!!! 
hates it when people blatently stare at you on the bus . It's weird . 
really needs new work shoes . The ones I bought only 2 months ago are already falling apart . :( 
is gonna listen to some music and work on face charts . 
And so another day begins ... 
Unicorns are real . 
What a beautiful day it is ... not a cloud in the sky ! There are many a strange bird roosting around Greenlake today . 
I love it when I check my bank account balace and discover that I have more in my account than expected . 
is doing makeup for a photoshoot tonight . 
has learned the true meaning of ' crop dusting ' . 
rode on the metro bus of my nightmares today . 
is making tasty batter-baked chicken with a secret blend of spices , mashed potatos , and veggies . Yum ! 
winter is coming . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
is getting xmas cards ready to send out to the loved ones ! 
got a Hello < PROPFEMALE > waffle iron for her bday ! 
Swordfish steak , home-made fries , and a salad with glazed walnuts , dried cranberries , and baby spinach - sounds like a great bday dinner to me !! 
apparently sends text messages in her sleep .. 
found a diner that is interested in showcasing my artwork . Now I just need to create some . :) 
to go to the store or not go to the store ... that is the question . 
might make brownies tonight . 
is about to curl up with a good book . 
is off work and up super early .... I have no idea what to do today . 
is gonna go to the fabric store for some < PROPMALE > supplies today . 
To my artsy friends : All canvases are 40% off at < PROPFEMALE > Fabrics . That means the biggest canvas they have available is only like $15 ! 
eatin ' baby carrots , listenin ' to music , and getting ready to paint ! 
is looking up different types of dinosaurs on google . Dinosaurs are awesome !!!! 
is going to see Aviator in 3D tonight . 
Avatar was an AMAZING movie . Probably one of the best I've seen in a loooong time . 
went to < PROPFEMALE>'s Cafe with the roommate to help her hangover today and got to experience what a true ' grease burger ' is like !! 
eatin ' dots . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! My phone is dead if you try to call and can't reach me ! 
is pretty disappointed that not one tv station will be playing < PROPMALE > the Red-nosed Reindeer tonight ... 
is a bit hungover from last night's fun . < PROPFIRST > and Stef make a delicious and affective punch !!! 
having asthma sucks . 
is going down to Pike Place Market and then to the Aquarium ! 
painting . 
is home . 
does not plan on doing anything for New Years . I have to wake up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > for work . 
Is that all there is ?? Then lets keep dancing . 
is going to the < PROPMALE > store today with Stef ! 
is soooooo glad that 2009 is almost over . I really hope that 2010 is a better year . 
Work is insane ! 
Work is done . Now it's time to play ... hang on betch , I gotta put on some hooker heels ! 
Aaawwwww , snap !!! My purple contacts came in today - just in time for debauchery tonight !! 
Yeah , you know it was a good party when you finally drag your still intoxicated body from the bed at 3:30 p . m ....... 
needs to get Rock Band 3 ... 
... and now I'm off to paint some ' < PROPMALE > Nouveau ' inspired pin-up frankenstein girls . 
my next painting is going to be BADASS . 
needs a ruler . 
Ok , so I'm drawing a frankenstein girl in the style of < PROPMALE > Mucha . She has long flowing black hair , pale green skin w/ stitches . Her hand is being held up towards her face . In her hand is ______ ??? I need suggestions !!!! 
Just when I thought I was out they pull me back in ... 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU ! 1 = Reckless , 2=I'd Marry You , 3 = A Great Friend , 4 = Sarcastic , 5 = I miss you , 6 = Self-Absorbed , 7 = Moody , 8 =D itzy , 9 = Sassy , 10 = Spoiled , 11 = Intelligent , 12 = Sensual , 13 = Funny , 14 = Artistic , 5 = Cynical , 16 = Tough , 17 = Cute , 18 = gf/bf type , 19 = Shy , 20 = I Love You , 21 = Outgoing , 22 = Perverted , 23 = Naive , 24 = Responsible , 25 = Famous , 26 = Bitchy 
omw to Stef's to discuss fashion show details ... April is just around the corner ! 
Between Stef's clothing designs , < PROPFEMALE>'s hair designs , and my makeup designs , the Norwescon 33 fashion show is going to EPIC this year . 
paint , paint , paint ....... and good music . 
is working out the details of an apprenticeship with a local special fx makeup artist- I teach her beauty/glamour/fashion makeup , she teaches me the technical world of monster prosthetics ! 
For anyone who's interested , Woodland Park Zoo is having a rally today at 1 p.m. to raise funds for the Nocturnal House . It might get closed down !!! 
feeling like a dead duck . 
wants a pet rat . 
Next painting : a portrait of a good friend of mine wrapped in octopus tentacles . 
woke up with a bad headache . :\\ 
uuggghh ... neeed .... coffeeee .... 
There is nothing quite like stepping into a scalding hot bubble bath and soaking for 30 minutes . Utterly relaxing . 
dammit , i want a ferret . 
is on my way to Memo's for some tasty burritos . 
is happy that my mom and my Marisa-love joined FB today ! 
is about to cook a delicious meal . 
is tempted to dye her hair black again . 
Just printed out a booklet that lists all my Rockband songs by artist ( like a karaoke book ) , because that is how many songs I have downloaded !! Ugh , I like playing that game too much .. 
wants a bike . 
anyone wanna go to the hair store with me ? 
Sometimes , when I eat chicken legs , I imagin I'm a tyrannosaurus < PROPMALE > knawing on a stegasaurus haunch ... 
is crampy and feels < PROPMALE > over from lack of sleep . :( 
is going to watch May tonight . 
feta cheese is so tasty . 
needs to go dye her hair , but feels too lazy . 
feels like getting ridiculously dressed up for no particular reason . 
is dying her hair . 
painted her toenails a most delectable shade of sparkly purple .. 
likes a little coffee with her cream and sugar . 
needs to go to the bank 
on my way to northgate to do a bit of browsing . 
To the lady standing in the main walkway of Northgate Mall selling ISO flat irons - FUCK OFF ! If I wanted to buy one of your crappy products I would have ! Harrassing me and then calling your manager over to help with harrassing me into buying something DOES NOT WORK . Dammit , I just wanted to look . Your products smelled like poop and your hair made you look homeless . Ugh . 
is thinking about all the makeup stuff she needs to replace in her kit ... ugh , it's a lot . 
is on a mission to buy all the old animated Disney movies . 
loves and appreciates good music . Without it I would go insane and hurt things . 
is doing some crazy makeup for work today . The bus ride over should be interesting .. 
is hungover from a delightful ' ladies night ' at Stef's! 
does not feel like doing much moving today ; only that which is absolutely neccessary . 
is engaged in a grueling battle/auction on ebay for disney movies ... I WILL win < PROPFEMALE > dammit ! 
wishes there were better resources online about airbrush/bodyart/creature fx makeup . 
< PROPFEMALE > is mine . 
next ebay battle : The Sword and the Stone 
just found a bunch of people that I went to elementary/middle school with on facebook . Man is it weird seeing people again that I haven't seen for 17 years !!!!!!!!! 
is learning how to create composite charts for astrology . 
has risen . 
does not feel like partaking in the time consuming process that is known as getting ready for work . 
wants a pet baby t-rex . 
Everybody's workin ' for the weekend ... 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and ... are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... they have been eaten by dragons ... 
is watching Labyrnth and making hairfalls 
Well peoples , my cell phone battery has officially died . The best way to contact me will be through FB until the new battery arrives . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
feels like taking a bubble bath . 
Is going to see < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > in concert tonight with < PROPFIRST > ! This was his xmas present from me and I'm super excited ! 
Today is a day for galoshes . 
is watching Sleeping Beauty and waiting for Fedex to deliver a new battery for my phone ! 
So my new phone battery arrived today , but apparently it isn't the battery that is the problem .. it's the charger . So I will be phoneless until that comes in the mail .. 
So this is a totally late update , but I haven't been online lately so it's ok , but < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > AND < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > WERE EPIC !!!!!!! I have such a deeper appreciation of their music now that I have seen them perfrom live !! 
is sooooo tired from such a busy week !!! 
is listening to Cat Power . 
just got home from M.A.C update . There are some AWESOME new products coming out in the next few months !!! I am going to be so broke .... :( 
can't stand arrogant people . 
is looking for some new music . Something along the lines of Massive Attack , Portishead , Tricky , or Hooverphonic . Any suggestions ? 
Yay !!! My phone works again !!!! 
is in the process of contacting local talent agencies in the hopes of getting signed on as a makeup artist . If I can find one that will hire me it means that I could be doing makeup for film , television , fashion shows , commercials , magazines , etc .!! 
has had a super productive day ! I finally found a domain name I like for my makeup site , ordered brand new business cards ( with the new site url on them ) , and and contacted 4 agencies about work . Phew ... time to take a break !!! 
is super stoked to do makeup/model in the fashion show @ The Vogue on the 27th !!!!!! Everyone should come !!! 
mmmmm .... rainbow twizzlers ... 
just did a performance test on my airbrush and downsized my makeup < PROPFEMALE > to absolute essentials ..... man , i had a lot of crap i wasn't using !!! 
purchased the Kryolan Day-glo Palatte ( think uv reactive eyeshadows ) , the Mehron Paradise Palette Basic , and the Mehron Paradise Palette in Pastels . Bring that fashion show makeup on !!! 
Everybody become a fan on my new makeup < PROPFEMALE > on facebook !!! 
So , last night i stepped on the plug to my hairdryer . The little prongs that go into the wall socket took a chunk out of the side of my foot . It still hurts . :( 
wants a pair of latex thigh-hi's , because they are hot . 
SWEET ! I just got my beautiful new business cards in the mail !! 
This week is getting busier by the minute ! 
I need to clean my room . 
has a headache from hell . 
why is it that whevever I go into a bookstore I suddenly have to pee really really bad ???? 
It is so weird and really cool when I see pictures I've done makeup for pop up in various adds/websites on the internet . Yay for stock photography ! 
starts Basic at M.A.C tomorrow ! 
ugh , my allergies are killing me today ! Damn pollen ! 
is brainstorming some killer makeup designs for the fashion show this saturday ! 
feels fidgety . 
feels overwhelmed , stressed out , anxious , and slightly depressed . I really wish I could get away and relax in someplace tropical . 
will not settle for mediocrity . 
clam chowder . 
day three at Basic ! 
is it really that impossible to find people who can organize a fashion show intelligently in this city ???? 
is considering dying her hair black again ... the red is just sooo hard to maintain and black is just so easy . What should I do ????? 
is on my way to the U-Village M.A.C. and then to the hair store ! 
busy day ahead ; dying my hair , making new extensions , getting my makeup < PROPFEMALE > ready , and then headed over to Stef's to do some final preparations for the fashion show tomorrow !!! 
Current hair color : Black and purple 
For those of you who are attending the Sick and Twisted Fashion Show tomorrow night - Idolatre Clothing will last in the lineup of Seattle designers ( they are saving the best for last) !!! So it is ok to be a little bit fashionably late , but not too late !! You don't want to miss it !!! 
is gonna try to get some beauty rest . I need to be ready to do some mad makeup and then stomp down the runway in my BIG ASS BOOTS !!! 
So , I guess there is a possibility that Seattle might have a tsunami today ... 
Its movie line week on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines . 
has a lot of packing to do . Ugh , I don't want to do it ! 
Ant Music !!!!! 
is freaking exhausted ! 
The show went very well , despite a mini wardrobe malfunction at the end ! I will hopefully have pics and a vid soon ! 
hates it when people are passive-agressive . It is pathetic . 
So for some reason my phone is not working and I can't take or make calls right now . :\\ 
<--- runny nose and sore throat . :( 
Tons of new photos from the fashion show ! Check it out ..... 
wants to watch The Lion < PROPMALE > . 
so my homework assignment for Basic @ M.A.C. was to contour a facechart ... I just turned the facechart into Darkness from Legend . :) 
is really feeling sick . 
is tired of being sick ! 
is absolutely disgusted with the moronic and indecipherable way people type/spell words online ..... 
my boyfriend is the most amazing cook EVER . 
just had a big ol ' bowl of rainbow sherbert ! NOM ! 
wants to get a new case for all her makeup ... 
is going on a picnic at Greenlake with < PROPFIRST > today ! YAY !! 
I just read the questionaire for the Mr. and Mrs. Seattle Goth Pageant ........ 
is trying out the new Rockstar Lemonade . It is pretty good . 
is ready to start doing some photoshoots again ! Makeup or modeling .... get at me ! 
is hungry . 
is dressing up like the < PROPFEMALE > of Hearts for work today . 
is going to the zoo today with < PROPFIRST > ! 
I have to say , it is an amazing feeling being with someone who I have such amazing chemistry with . I have never experienced anything like it ! 
has anyone ever had the feeling of being held down by some unknown force in their sleep ? This happened to me about 3 weeks ago . It was really scary . 
mmmm , toffee ..... 
Norwescon is right around the corner ! 
still gets a little < PROPFEMALE > eyed when I think that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > from the Crocodile < PROPMALE > is not longer around . 
has to make many facecharts tonight ! 
wants to start a gogo dancing troupe .. 
is extremely unsatisfied with the new water heater in my apt . Even with the knob turned as far as it will go for hot water , it is barely < PROPMALE > warm . This will not due . The water must be scalding hot for me to enjoy it . :( 
is ready for a nap . 
is tired of coughing !!! 
is full of yummy yummy sushi- thanks to my wonderful guy taking me out !! 
So this sucks . Apparently , the Home Vista on my laptop has some sort of glitch ( no surprise there ) that makes my computer unable to recognize my power adapter- which means my battery won't charge . The only way to fix it is to replace the motherboard . :( 
is making buttermilk pancakes and eggs for brunch ! 
I am cramping sooooo bad today !! Luckily I have a guy who knows how to create the PMS version of a Hot Toddy !!! NOM ! 
saw a bunch of firemen put out a building that was completely ruined by a fire two blocks from home and am now trying to block out the mentally challenged sounds of the neighbors downstairs having sex . :( 
I can't believe it's already almost 11 p . m .... 
is listening to the Cowboy Junkies . 
I am in desparate need of finding a model for the Norwescon Fannish Fetish Fashion Show ... another model has , yet again , dropped out at the last minute ! UGh . If you are in Seattle , are comfortable wearing pasties , and are around the measurments : 36-29-35 , get at me !!!!!! 
Life is good . 
zombie gogo dancing ? 
Is listening to Cliffs of Dover by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Epic . 
FEELING LIKE A DEAD DUCK !!! 
it's supposed to get up to almost 70 degrees this saturday !!!!! 
wants a long island iced tea . 
is not < PROPFEMALE > , but wants to drink anyways .... just because . 
is ready for short skirt weather . 
does not want to go to the grocery store mainly because it is chilly outside and I feel too lazy to put more clothes on . 
what I DO want to do is go to a karaoke bar .... so if anyone is down for that tonight get me . 
I hate it when people think that they can suddenly ' change ' to save a relationship when they havn't done anything to keep the relationship alive at all up to the point that their significant other wants to leave them . Too little , too late motherf#%*er .. 
STOP . Hammer Time . 
I just woke up . It has been a very , very long time since I've crawled into bed at 7 a.m. , but hanging with < PROPFEMALE > , doing some karaoke , and drinking a few VERY STRONG long island iced teas was soooo worth it !! I got to sing : < PROPMALE > Sawyer-Rush , Heartbreaker-Pat Benetar , Forplay/Longtime-Boston , Silent Lucidity-Queensryche , and Aqualung-Jethro Tull ! 
I've lost my voice a little . 
I really love that intense burn you get when you take the first sip of a cold pop .. it just makes you say ' aaaaahhhhhhh!' . Very satisfying it is . 
Wow , some people really have no business calling themselves makeup artists .... 
is being the ' tattooed lady ' for work today . 
had a good day at work ! 
has the hiccups . 
is staring out a window watching all of these white petals being blown from various trees on the block . The petals are so thick it sometimes looks like snow . 
is getting ready to go out with my man . 
mmmmm ... cheese . 
is rather excited with the prospect of being able to get healthcare for the first time in my life . 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where and what your FB friends first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence : 3 Dog Night - I was 7 . 
is going to get a new i.d. tomorrow ... hopefully ! 
is on the hunt for new music ! 
Massive Attack has got to be one of the few artists that always has amazing music no matter how many albums they put out . 
needs to go dancin ' . 
<<-- havin ' a rockstar . 
is playing rockband this weekend and I cannot wait !!! 
' T'was in the darkest depths of Mordor I met a girl so fair .. ' 
is gonna be on a skateboard !! 
just woke up from an unintended 5 hour nap . 
needs to get with someone who has a working xbox 360 so i can download all the Lady Gaga songs for Rock Band ! 
will be playing Rockband today . 
I am SO over flaky models this year !! I need a model size 0-2 to model in a fantasy themed fashion show THIS Friday . This is an emergency people ! She must be able to walk in platform shoes . Get at me ASAP . 
I swear , if one more model drops out of this fashion show they are getting punched in the neck . 
Did anyone else hear how crazy the wind and rain got last night ?? 
In other news today , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > finally announced his homosexuality . 
Ugh , really ? It's supposed to rain all week ? :( 
2 days til Norwescon !!! 
is wondering if I should bring my harddrive to Norwescon in case there are any Rock Band parties .... not sure if I want to risk it though .. 
is all packed and ready to go ! Now I just need to get my nails done before the show ! 
just wants to give a HUGE thank you to < PROPFEMALE > - for her AMAZING skills as a designer , < PROPFEMALE > - for her BOMB ASS hair designs , and to all the models who WORKED IT on stage last night !! We KILLED that show !! I cannot wait to see these photos !!! Ladies- we've outdone ourselves .. 
is about to go out with my man for the night . 
Happy Zombie Jesus Day everyone ! 
wants a rootbeer . 
I hate retail . 
coffee .. 
Whoop !! There it is . 
To everyone : I have a new email address . I am no longer using Yahoo because of the vast amounts of spam I constantly get . New email : deadsexymakup@gmail.com 
is full of yummy mexican food . 
does anyone know of any mexican restaurants in Seattle that serve white cheese dip ????? I would really like to know . 
just beat < PROPMALE>'s Quest < PROPFEMALE > in under 12 hours ... 
Yo peoples , if I sent you an invite to fan Dead Sexy Makeup you should join ! There you can see all the latest and greatest from the Norwescon Fashion Show this last weekend ! 
really wants to go out dancing . 
and suddenly there was hail ..... 
Why is it that , whenever I am contacted by photographers on model mayhem about modeling , all they want to do is turn me into some ' girl next door type ' and have me wearing normal clothing ?? I do not model because I want to look like something sweet you take home to your mom - I model because I want to look like a fierce , half-demon drag < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
I'm thinking about saving up my pennies for an ipad , especially if they come out with one that has more than 16 gigs of space . It would be an excellent digital portfolio for my makeup . 
is about to go see < PROPMALE>'s play with < PROPFIRST > ! 
today : lots of painting and converting my single < PROPMALE > shadows into palettes . 
Ugh , my allergies are so bad today !! 
Just found out about < PROPFIRST > Steele and I am so bummed ! I never got to see Type O in concert .... 
One month til ' the Seattle Cheese Festival !!! 
I hate wearing pants . 
is making grilled chicken sandwiches for lunch ! 
is not a fan of < PROPFIRST > Bassey . 
needs new socks . 
is off to bed !! 
let me just tell you , < PROPFEMALE > throws a bomb ass party , cause I am drunk !! 
just got back from a nice walk/picnic at Greenlake with < PROPFIRST > . <3 
is thinking of/missing two very special platform-wearing tarts in Florida with names that start with ' M ' . You know who you are . <3 
I swear , technology hates me today . 
There are many things to protect a child from in this world . For me , organized religion is very high on that list . 
is listening to the epic cheesiness that which is Rhapsody . 
Blue Topaz it is . 
is utterly exhausted after a SUPER busy day at work !!! Luckily I have a sweet man with dinner waiting for me at home !!! 
Wow , Facebook is just getting worse and worse . The fact that you have to add < PROPFEMALE > s to your interests and hobbies for them to show up on your profile - even if there isn't an actual < PROPFEMALE > for them- is RETARDED . 
just got finished watching Wall-E 
wants a sloppy < PROPFIRST > burger !! 
is doing makeup for a photoshoot with RJB Photo that involves a sexy car and 4 sexy girls in clown makeup on Monday ! Should be fun ! 
could totally go for some dried mango slices right now !! 
So my mom will be coming out to Seattle sooner than expected and staying longer than originally planned ! I am excited for this , but I will have to reschedule the outing to Neighbors for 80's night . 
suddenly feels very sleepy . Maybe it's nap time ... 
has the rest of the week off . :) 
go-go troupe meetup at my place tomorrow at 4:30 !! 
is so over this cold weather . :( 
doesn't know if I should take it easy today and paint or if I should go out tonight . Anything fun going on ? 
i feel so restless . I have all this pent up creative energy inside me right now and it's making me want to do 5 things at once ! 
is heading to the Crescent with Trixie if anyone wants to come !! 
had a fabulous time with Miss < PROPFEMALE > a.k.a Trixie Divine at the Rickshaw last night !! ( the Crescent wouldn't let me in because my i.d. is expired ) 
had a dream last night about what seemed to be my future children - 2 girls and a boy . We were shopping . It was very strange . 
has a SUPER busy week ahead . I am getting a new i.d. tomorrow morning ( hopefully ) then heading down to south Seattle for a photoshoot . Then the rest of my week consists of going to orientation at Nothgate Nordstroms ( I am transferring to their < PROPMALE > counter ) and working my last week at the Redmond < PROPMALE > counter . Tuesday I go to orientation all day then head out to Redmond to close the counter !! 
is really upset about the huge oil spill off the gulf coast . It is going to be devastating to the wildlife if it can't be contained . 
is on her way downtown to attempt to get a Washington i.d. ! Wish me luck that I have all the documents I need to prove who I am this time !! 
I got my new id !! Pa t-t ay time !!!! 
So i've arrived early to my photoshoot location and have decided to take a risk by eating at a questionable place called I Luv Teriyaki . Wish me luck .. 
Omg , on location photoshoot = freeze to death !!! =) 
So as we are shooting , we have a gaggle of prepubescent black kids standing around making penis jokes .... 
Despite the cold , < PROPFEMALE > weather the ' sexy clown ' shoot with RJB Photo was awesome !! I can't wait to see the pics !! 
just ordered a chicken tikka masala pizza ! 
so i have to be at orientation at Nordstrom's really early tomorrow - before they open - and I just realized that no one told me how to get in the building . :( 
I really can't stand < PROPMALE > Cage . 
Everyone I know is engaged or getting married ... 
Through dangers untold and hardships unnumbered , I have fought my way here to the castle beyond the Goblin City to take back the child that you have stolen .. 
Ok Ladies , if you are a < PROPMALE > Addict , starting May 14th I will be working at the Northgate Nordstrom location ! Book an appt . with me and get your makeup done !! 
is writing an article for American Gothique magazine about goth makeup ! I want to be the < PROPFEMALE > Bradshaw of makeup application !!!! 
They really should remake Silent Hill 2 for Xbox 360 or Playstation 3 . 
needs to go dancing soon !!!! 
Attention Ladies !! I am having a meeting/auditions for a one-of-kind gogo dance troupe to bring some sizzle back to Seattle !! Previous dance experience a plus , but not required . Seattle needs something new and we will be it !!! There are only 3-4 f/t positions left and 2-3 on call positions left . If you are interested respond to this post and I will send you a private invite to the meeting with more info !!! 
wants more turkey meatloaf .. 
Today is my last day at Redmond ... 
Lady Death is pretty f#*&ing awesome . 
just ordered 18\ hair extensions - the super fancy keratin tipped kind that lasts for like 9 months . SOOOOOO excited !!!!!! :) " 
My internet connection is down until further notice .. if you need to get ahold of me send me a text !! 
Gogo Troupe Meeting tonight @ 5 pm !! Can't wait to see all of you there !! 
needs to go dye the hair ... but is feeling lazy . I also need to go get snacks for the gogo meeting tonight !! 
Gogo Troupe meeting went VERY well tonight !!!! Thanks for coming out ladies !! 
will be going to bed early tonight to be fresh for work tomorrow ! 
Ok , so im on the bus to work and there is some dude telling this woman who is old enough to be his mom that ' he is gonna do her doggy style all night long ' ... 
My first day at Northgat is goig well ! It's a lot to learn though ! My girl < PROPFEMALE > popped in for a hot minute and i've made half my goal in two sales ! 
Ugh ..... cramps . =( 
my uterus can suck it !! 
is going to the hair store for a friend today if anyone wants to tag along ! 
It is freakin ' gorgeous outside !! 
making a new website . <3 
Yay !!! My hair extensions came in today !!!! 
The rest of this month is gonna be busy ! Most of my time will be spent at work , but I also have a bachelorette party , a birthday party , getting my hair extensions put in , and gogo troupe meetings to keep me busy on my off days !! 
Coming soon .... DeadSexyGogo.com! !!!!!!!!! <3 
mmmm ... indian food . 
Massive Attack is the sex . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s bachelorette party - tomorrow night !! W00T W00T !!! 
To my people who use < PROPMALE > products , I just want to give you a head's up . Nordstrom's anniversary sale is coming up and we are presalling some awesome < PROPMALE > items only available for a very limited time . This includes : < PROPMALE > Brush Sets WITH a Brush Belt that will fit all of your brushes , Eyeshadow Palettes in which you can CHOOSE your own colors , and Complete < PROPMALE > Look Books - that include a little of everything . 
My makeup looks FIERCE today . 
So apparently < PROPFIRST > of the < PROPMALE > brothers was in the mall today and every teenybopper in the mall realized it right in front of my < PROPMALE > counter ... 
Of all places to be in seattle , im at cowgirls ...... omg . 
Wow , I really need to start going out more ... it has been waaaaay to long and I am feeling it in not good ways today - and I didn't even drink . :( 
is gettin ' my hair did . 
is excited for the go-go meeting tonight !! Lots of exciting news to share !!! 
Today was a good day : My hair is now long and luxurious , the gogo meeting went very well , and I'm now finalizing plans for our first gig coming up this weekend !!!! <3 
Troupe meeting tonight !!! 
Had an adventure in the psychotic realms of the human psyche today . Pics to come soon !! 
Mmmmm ... rainbow sherbet ! 
Did you know that when you wear a bright/dark colored lipstick people will listen to you better ? Today I am wearing Blood Red . 
is off to cuddle my boo . 
Gettin ' adaaa new tattoo on tuesday !!!!!! 
just got finished distressing a bunch of stockings for tomorrow night !!! 
my feet still hurt from yesterday/last night !!! I do not want to pull an open to close shift today !!!! 
I have a BUSY day tomorrow- counter meeting at 7 am , tattoos at noon , gogo meeting at 6 , and then meeting a prospective venue for my troupe at 9 !!!!! 
went from having 6 to 8 tattoos today ! :D 
feels like singing ! 
is thinking about going to neighbor's for 80's night tomorrow to get my dance on . Anyone interested ?? 
Danger ! Danger ! High Voltage !!! 
needs an inflatable kiddie pool by July . 
about to watch Dirty Love with my sweetie . TOUCH MY BASS !!!! 
Birthday madness with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Marrs and < PROPFEMALE > Holt tonight !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Nothing like starting your day by being hit on my a stuttering old man on the bus to work !! 
Why do parents think it's cool to bring their little kids to the counter for a makeover ???? 
About to go party hard with some of my favorite people !! 
Ok , so I had a dream last night that I got pregnant at the same time as one of the blonde ladies in my life ( there are three of you , but it was obscure as to who it was specifically ) . It was very strange .... 
Working six days in a row is not fun . I am beat and I still have two days to go ! :-( 
got propositioned for sex by a fat asian man in an SUV while waiting for my bus home today . The jerk kept waving for me to get in his car with him . :\\ 
< PROPFIRST > and I are on our way to < PROPFEMALE>'s for trivia if anyone's bored ! 
So I just got measured for a new bra and according to those measurements I wear a 38i 
Today was interesting . I got the rest of my stuff that has been sitting at my ex's house for the past year . As I'm going through my things I noticed a pair of purple , < PROPFIRST > panties that don't belong to me . Instantly I assume they belong to one of my ex's ex-girlfriends who still has a ton of her stuff around his apartment . What makes it worse was that it had a HUGE skid < PROPFIRST > the size of a tampon in the crotch . * puke * 
\Dreams are my speciality . Through dreams I can control mankind . My dream is to spend eternity with you .. \"" 
is about to watch Artax sink into the Swamps of Sadness .... 
Heading home for the troupe meeting !! 
Why do i always get the same notoriously late bus driver when im trying to get to work ? 
any of my lady friends interested in going out for a few margeritas ??? 
Drinks ? Anyone ??? 
At the merc gettin my dance on with < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
I am totally blasted , but I had a blast tonight dancing my ass off !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I want sleeeeeeep !!! 
There are some straange folks walking around nortthhgate mall .. 
is soooooo glad to be home after a long day at work dealing with high maintenence customers and being < PROPMALE > over !!! I'm in my pj's , there's midnight blue color in my hair , ate a delicious sloppy < PROPFIRST > , and am getting ready to watch Fright Night with my boo . 
I woke up feeling so groggy and tired this morning that I am actually considering staying in tonight . My head is hurting and I feel like I could sleep for another 4 hours . Let's see how the next 8 hours of work affects me . :( 
Feels like she might be getting sick . 
needs a rockstar to get pepped up for tonight's antics !!! 
Hair and makeup done ! Now to charge my camera and eat some dinner before heading over to Stef's to get dressed for Strict Machine ~ June !! ~ Bondage , Beauty , Excess !!!!! 
feels like the kid who gets run over in The Toxic Avenger . Ugh ... 
My body craves a hot shower and a warm bed with an abundance of pillows . 
if you can't get ahold of me it's because I'm taking a fabulous fuckin ' bubble bath . 
I love it when I network at work ! I met a super cool chick in a rockband who might be interested in hiring Dead Sexy Go-go !! 
I am at a bus stop with a guy who has the biggest , thickest , blackest eyebrows i have ever seen . I could swing from those sucka's . 
wants more grape juice , damn it !!! 
can't wait to see the crazy pics from Strict Machine !!! 
It's so cool that Nordstrom's is making me come in to work on my day off for a class on sales . Schedule fuck-ups are so awesome !!! 
There's nothing worse than skullets .. 
Just saw a man put an imaginary being into a choke-hold at the Northgate Mall . Who knew there were so many crazies here !? 
Quote of the day- \Can I lick your calves ? No ? Then can I lick your arm ? \"" 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > . 
Wants to go sing some karaoke !!!!!! 
Karaoke at < PROPFEMALE > Wor Garden tonight !!! Be there or BE SQUARE !!!! 
Im singing Silent Lucidity by Queensryche next for karaoke , because i am epic like that . 
had lots of fund at karaoke last night ! Who wants to go to 80's karaoke with me this tuesday Nectar Fremont ??? 
I'm wanted ...... dead or alive 
Wonder Boy ..... what is the secret of your power ???? 
It's more than a feeling ..... when I hear that old song they used to play .. 
Is this the real life ? Is this just fantasy ?? 
She's just a girl ..... the girl you want . 
Where the hell is the 16 bus ?? I've been waiting almost 40 minutes !! 
I love how i leave an hour early for work- a 12 minute bus ride- so i can get there early enough to have dinner and 40 minutes later the bus still hasnt arrived 
About to go out !!!! 
* deep breathe * To call my dad or not call my dad ..... 
There is a big fuckin ' spider in the bathroom ... somewhere . 
mmmm .... coffee ... 
has something wonderful to look forward to in 4-6 months ! <3 
is doin ' that domestic thang .... you know , dishes and then cooking yummy dinner !! 
needs to find someone who can build a portable , human-sized cage .... 
Omg , < PROPMALE > is coming out with a Disney Villainess makeup line this fall !!!!!!! 
The makeup trends for fall are AMAZING !!! I will post more on Dead Sexy Makeup's fb < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!! 
About to go sing all 80's karaoke at the Nectar Lounge in Fremont !! Come out !!! 
You're a heaartbreaker , dream maker , love taker , don't you mess around with me ... 
Has a buzz and is waiting to sing either Tears for Fears , < PROPMALE > Airplane , < PROPFEMALE > , Boston , or < PROPFIRST > Bon Jovi 
mirror , mirror , on the wall , who's the crunkest ( drunkest ) of them all ??? 
needs pancakes in my life right now .... with hashbrowns . 
my mind is playing tricks on me . 
Last night's 80's karakoke at the Nectar Lounge was super fun !!! Apparently its a regular night there so if you didnt make it last night come out next time !! 
Your effort to remain what you are is what limits you . 
Will be daancing at Neighbor's tonight !!!!!! 
is in the process of achieving BIG hair for tonight ! 
got a TON of offers on craigslist about building a human sized cage .. lol !!! Now to weed through the legit people and the weird ones who ' want to be locked in the cage for a week before they let me take it home ' ..... 
A few of the Dead Sexy Girls are gonna be lookin ' red hot and devilish for pride parade tomorrow !!! 
Is utterly convinced that the full < PROPFEMALE > makes people insane . 
Is slumber partying it up at < PROPFEMALE>'s and watching The Dark < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Just realized that im dressed like a half naked devil and im standing across the street from a church in session !! 
After walking in the parade and getting dozens of photos taken , < PROPFEMALE > and i are ready for a drink !!!! 
just woke up from a 4 hour nap ... Pride Parade drained my energy !! It was super fun though and < PROPFEMALE > and I had some random dude follow us around with his video camera for half the parade . 
is < PROPFEMALE > happy that Rockstar Cola is around again !!! Black < PROPFEMALE > will be as I remembered now !! 
is thinking of going to The Atlantic Crossing Pub for karaoke tonight !! They will literally download any song you want - who's with me ????? 
Photoshoot tonight with RJB Photo for Seattle Sinner !!! 
Rwaaaar ! 
Just got done with my motorcycle shoot with RJB photo !!! So excited for the pics !!! 
will be on Cap Hill tomorrow evening to pick up some photos and meet up with a friend for dinner .... anyone want to go to Neighbors later ??? 
I love how summer is just nonexistant this year ... 
is dyin ' my hair black , black , black , black no . 1 !!! 
listenin ' to some three 6 mafia and eatin ' so many shrimp I got iodine poisonin ' ... 
Happy 4th everyone ! 
Fuck , get me off this bus !!!!!!! 
about to go all Splinter style and hit up some teriyaki with Gangsta E - <3 
needs to finish 3 paintings before the 17th !!! 
How ironic that the week it's supposed to be super < PROPFEMALE > my glasses break . 
Its sad that i can barely talk to one side of my family , because , when i do , they try to make me feel guilty for not being republican . :-( 
80's karaoke at nectar lounge tonight !!! Come out and sing with me !!! 
I'd do anything for love , but I won't do that 
on the agenda for tomorrow : shave my burley legs . :/ 
Is going to Neighbors on thursday and you should too !!!! PLATFORM DANCING !!!! 
Ok , im drunk and ready to sing some Boston , bitches . FOREPLAY/LONGTIME !!!!!!! 
SCORE !!!! Just got home from karaoke , I'm drunk , and one of our neighbors left a bad-ass kitchen table on the sidewalk by our house for grabs !!! I've spent the last 15 minutes hauling chairs up to the porch !! 
DANGER ! DANGER !! High Voltage !! When we touch , when we kiss !!! 
making some turkey burgers for me and my love ! Then it's off to my place to paint for the rest of the day !! 
painting , painting , painting ...... oh , octopus girl , I will finish you ... 
Ok , this is your last < PROPMALE > ! If any of you are interested in exclusive M.A.C brush sets , shadow palettes , makeup sets , or the new dazzle-glass LIPSTICK holla at me !! You have until Sunday to reserve something . After that they are gone forever !!! 
Walkin to the corner store with my baby to get ice cold beeeeer !! 
is drinking fruity , girlie , disgusting malt beverages . YUM . 
gets to wear one of the prettiest purple lipsticks EVAR for work today !!! * weeeeeeeeeee !! * 
has to finish my octopus girl painting by Wednesday to get it in the show !!!!!!! STILL SO MUCH TO PAINT !!!!! 
Sooo .... Torrid is doing a model search .... I'm considering trying out for it ... 
One day i will be a super hip , tattooed granny with pink hair . I will bake cookies and say F*#$ a lot .. 
Needs new shoes !!! My feet are hurting soooooo bad !! 
< PROPFEMALE > and her wedding party look faaabulous !! The makeup consultation went great !!! 
No matter how hard I try , I just can't develop a taste for chocolate mints . Yuck !! 
... What's this ????? Tan lines ?????? NOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!! 
is ready for a night of pizza , movies , and painting ! 
... and it feels like winter again . 
I have been < PROPFEMALE > tired lately . I need a rockstar to get pepped up for Lords of Acid tonight !!!!! 
Is rockin ' out to an epic-ass song called Secret by Leave's Eyes . 
Tits and punk rock !!!!!!! 
Predator and Ichabod Crane don't scare me none !!!!! 
just realized why Lords of Acid sucked so much last night : because their new frontwoman is < PROPFIRST > from Rock of Love .... blagh . 
Ugh , there's some creepy dude staring at me like a sex offender and picking his nose on this bus .. 
Quote of the day ( in a deep movie anouncer voice)- \Put your legs on me woman ... I'm an ottoman . \"" 
is drinking rootbeer , watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , and painting . <3 
Octopus girl painting is finished !! Just spraying her down with some glaze and letting her dry !! Pics coming soon ! 
Booga booga booga !!!!!! 
is about to eat a hotdog , take a bubble bath , and the chill the fuck out !! Oh , what a loooong day !!! 
smells like blackberries and vanilla . 
Finally broke down and bought some ugly gladiator sandels - i needed something comfortable to wear for work !!! Ugh . 
is bummed . 
So , Eklection seemed to go very well last night despite arriving SUPER late . I got a lot of great feedback about my artwork which makes me super happy and ready to paint more ! 
Frick ! It's so cold outside !! 
Is having a crazy day at work ... blaah ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Mustard !!!! Son of a nugget !!! 
Is considering going to karaoke tomorrow night .. 
As I sit here trying to eat my lunch in peace I'm assaulted by an exposed muffin top with the beginnings of ass-crackage in my direct line of vision ... 
Earlier today i was approached by an old man and asked if i had implants . When i told him no he leaned in for a closer look before giving me his approval . 
Dry shampoo is AMAZING . 
is looking for a site where I can order 30 water guns in bulk .... 
is getting ready to head to Capital Hill for karaoke @ the Crescent !! 
< PROPFIRST > is trying to seduce me into playing WoW .... 
is staying home tonight . 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggghh !! 
Omg , seriously !!! If you have herpes in your eye dont wait until after we've used our makeup and brushes on you to let us know !!!!!! 
This isn't something a little Journey can't fix .... 
I just saw some tits . 
So , I caved and started up a WoW account . Yes , I feel guilty ........ but my Night elf Rogue is gonna be so BAD ASS !!!!! 
Heading to the The Atlantic Crossing Pub for some food , drinks , and possibly karaoke !!! Come on down !! 
Never trust a big butt and a smile .. 
Had a blast at The Atlantic Crossing Pub singing karaoke !!! Walked home super drunk and woke up with a new full length mirror magically in my room !!!! 
Today is so slooooow at work !!!! Somebody stop by and let me make them up like a drag < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Facebook is acting super weird all of a sudden .. 
needs something new . 
My foot hurts like crazy !! 
Up at 5.30 am ... now I'm standing in the fog wishing I was still curled up next to my < PROPFEMALE > in his big comfy bed !! 
Omg , i just dealt with the craziest most spazztic person in tthe world . 
Apparently , there is a trannny who likes to call my work and get himself off over the phone by asking questions about nail polish and skin care ... 
Got to see security tackle a shoplifter today . 
Aruba , Jamaica , oooh I wanna take ya ..... 
Anything fun going on this weekend ? Anyone down for karaoke ? 
ok ... so I can't log into my bank account with the password I've always had , my card keeps getting denied when I use it , and when I try to call BECU the little automated voice says they have no record of my account info ..... 
So I just called Card Security for BECU and found out that there were some fraudulent charges attempted ( but denied ) on my card !! Some asshole tried charging almost $300 at some restaurant in < PROPFEMALE > !! So , my card is on permanent block right now until I can get a new one .... blagh . 
Would rather be playiing WoW right now .... 
.. and i really wish i could be in charge of the music at work .. i would put together the best playlists . 
.. ' You look so insane , we gave you a name , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Strange ' 
Misses going out and dancing . 
Is gonna have to get my extensions taken out soon and is considering getting a mohawk - im gonna have to cut my hair pretty short to get rid of all the damaged 
I can't wait for this day to be over . 
Oh happy day ... the underwire in my bra has broken in half and is stabbing me in the boob !!!! 
Is too depressed to go home tonight . Im just gonna wander . 
Is going to the bank , on a ferry ride , and then over to Stef's to < PROPFEMALE > . Things are slightly better than last night , but only time can tell if things will mend .. 
My underwear keeps falling down like commando for some reason today !! Damn it !!! 
Anybody know anything about a company called MetViz ??? 
ugh .... allergies . 
My heart has been broken into a thousand pieces . 
\To be irreplacable one must always be different . \"" 
Unicorns with rainbows behind them always make things better !!! <3 
Is dressed up like Lady Gaga for work today !! 
Full < PROPFEMALE > .. 
The only thing worse than going into a bathroom and discovering that someone forgot to flush their shit is when that shit refuses to flush after the fifth time ..... * barf * 
is going to the Diva Dollz audition this Saturday night ! Would anyone I've worked with like to write a professional recommendation for me ?! 
Damn , im craamping bad today .... ugggh .. 
My man calls me his ' full fledged milk maid from Devon ' ... <3 
This weekend just got super busy !!! 
is ready to just shave her head . 
about to head to < PROPFEMALE > Gardens for < PROPFIRST>'s bday ! 
So ... there's a huge group of people getting baptised in Puget Sound right now . I'm nervous .. 
So , I was contacted today to be the WoW character makeup artist for the PAX convention this coming up weekend !!!!! 
' You'd have me down on my knees now wouldn't you , Barracuda ' 
Kittens are all cute and fun until they poop .... Wow , what aa stench !!! 
My < PROPMALE > counter is setting up an event to raise money for the AIDS Fund . We are looking for performers who would like to donate a performance for the event , artists who have artwork to donate for a silent auction , and clothing designers who would like to donate anything for a mini fashion show ( to be auctioned) ! The show probably be either the 13th or 14th of Oct . Contact me for questions !! 
Is looking for an experienced drag < PROPFEMALE > to perform/host the AIDS < PROPFEMALE > event in october . If interested , send me a message !! 
wants to go back to bed . 
Gettin ' my extensions taken out and possibly a haircut tomorrow !! 
Just bought the hottest ankle boot wedges eeevvvaaarrr . 
Extensions are out and hair is cut !!! 
LOVES how low-maintenance my new haircut is , but that it also looks FABULOUS without any effort !! 
Just so you know , I have sexy ass friends . <3 
Cant wait to watch < PROPMALE > season 3 tonight !!!! 
dreamed that I was an inter-galactic laundry deliverer . I flew from planet to planet on a pegasus making deliveries for a black market laundry mat run by giant rats . They were black market because I also had to smuggle exotic fruits , vegetable , and nuts from different planets to the rats . Basically , I was stealing the groceries of people I was delivering to . 
So , < PROPFIRST > has discovered a hops plant growing in the backyard . We just harvested the hops today to make our own home brew !! 
I swear , there has to be some freakin ' pterodactyls living around here . I keep hearing the strangest noises outside ......... or else someone is just having some really kinky sex . 
Oooh !!! All the stores are puttinng out their halloweenn stuff !! Time to do some shopping for home decor !! 
I hate it when a perfectly pleasant interaction witha customer is ruined when they hand you a ' has jesus saved you ? ' brochure . 
There must be something in Seattle's water because I now wear a 36K in the bra department ... 
I am shopping with < PROPFIRST > for some new clothes for him . A woman is in the fitting room with us and she keeps critiquing her man's ass in everything he tries on 
Just bought myself some new illustration software specifically for manga style artwork . 
sat on the bus home with a super dirty guy who looked like he hadn't showered in months ( thank god he somehow didn't SMELL that way ) who was having a phone conversation that was about his ' new girlfriend ' who ' does fisting porn ' , but that it was ' ok ' and ' kind of sweet ' because ' she only does it for the money ' ... 
is in the mood to create some < PROPMALE > ! I hope my lovely lady friends don't mind if I use them as my inspiration !! 
really needs to go out for karaoke or dancing soon !! Every time the opportunity comes along something keeps me from going out . Anyone intersted in going out this week ?? After Monday I have 3 days in a row off ... 
anybody know anything about good drawing tablets to use on a computer ?? 
screw this day . i'm going back to bed . 
Karaoke @ Hula Hula's tonight !! Come down , get your sing on , and partake of some tasty tropical drinks !!! I will be on the Hill around 7-ish if anyone wants to grab a bite ! 
Heading out to Hula Hula to get my sing on !! 
is thinking about starting my own business painting themed nurseries/children's rooms ... would anyone be interested in helping me start a portfolio ?? 
is disappointed that Rockstars no longer have 50% juice in them anymore . :( 
Today's makeup inspiration : Maleficent . 
Just had a gay man tell me that my makeup gave him a woody .. lol !! <3 
So my < PROPMALE > counter has a 12-15 hour position open . We are looking for someone asap with a strong artistic background !!! 
today's makeup inspiration : Cruella DeVille 
feels like a soggy bog and wants a few more hours of sleeeeeep . 
Sometimes i wish i could just cooter punt some people ... 
Wants to go to Atlantic Crossing Pub for karaoke tonight !! 
sick in bed with a sore throat and a stuffy nose .... ugh ... 
day 2 of sickness ; staying home from work ! 
is about to bust out the rainbow sherbet and start disc 3 of < PROPMALE > season 4 ! Hopefully this will help my sickness go away !! 
has completely lost her voice and now the throat hurts worse than before . :( 
is downloading the WoW patch for Cataclysm !!!! 
Oooooooh ... AND the final disc of < PROPMALE > season 4 came in the mail from Netflix today !!!!! SO excited !!! ' Hello , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>' XD 
Just finished the season 4 finale of Dexter .... OH NOES !!!!!!!! Such a sad ending !!!! 
is thinking about volunteering for the Lambert House . 
I think I want a dermal piercing ..... 
has the next two days off and is absolutely broke ! :( 
In light of the recent teen suicides caused by bullying of individuals who are gay , lesbian , different , or just assumed to be different I have decided that I am going to volunteer for the Lambert House - a youth center for LGTB teens . This is an issue that has deeply affected me . I have many LGTB friends and they are some of the most wonderful , beautiful people I have ever met . 
Anybody know where some good drum n bass is happening tonight ? 
There is no one i know at the goth club tonight . This place has really changed !!! 
Oh , goth dancing .... how you amuse me ! 
needs to throw a bachelorette party for my roommate : I just found out she is getting married and moving to San Fransisco in less than two weeks !!!!!!!!!!! 
I swear there is a woman in the mall who is wearing a bath rug as a shawl righ now . 
Today has turned out to be quite an exciting day ... and now it's time to watch < PROPFIRST > Hood : Men in Tights ! 
is going to the Baltic Room tomorrow night with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Marrs to check out their drum-n-bass night ! 
Still looking for a burlesque performer four our Lifelong Aids Alliance < PROPFEMALE > event on the 26th ! Message me for details ! 
Karaoke tonight , anyone ?? 
Karaoke @ Rickshaw tonight ! 
GO GO POWER RANGERS !! 
slept through my alarm clock today ..... missed a mandatory store meeting . ;(((( 
had a wonderful date night with her man that included yummy Thai food , some hilariously witty theater , and now cuddles . ;) 
I'm looking for people who are interested in going to see my friends Cosmic Boy and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Huygen perform H.P Lovecraft's ' Pickman's Model ' and ' The Strange Tales of < PROPMALE > Stagger ' at the Open Circle Theater the weekend after Halloween ! I got to see < PROPMALE > Stagger last night and it was amazing ! Message me ! 
plans on purchasing something cute and fuzzy to cuddle with once I move into my new apartment w/ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > in December !!! 
is making some delicious comfort food for dinner , because my baby is feeling sick : breaded chicken breast w/ brown gravy , biscuits , and steamed veggies w/ homemade butter sauce !! 
If anyone would like me to reserve a brush set , pigment set , shadow set , etc from < PROPMALE>'s punk rock holiday collection let me know !!! 
is freaking out right about now . :( 
Looking for a last minute Lady Gaga drag performance for the Lifelong AIDS Alliance benefit tonight !!! Please contact me asap if interested !! 
What a beautiful fall day !!! 
There's an asian dude dressed like Sweeney < PROPMALE > on this bus . 
tryin ' to get my neck bolts on . 
Happy Halloween everyone !! Where's everyone partying tonight ? 
18 days for < PROPFIRST > and I to pack up and move into the new place !! I'm sooo excited !!!!! 
attempting to learn how to properly grill chicken , giving < PROPFEMALE > to trick-or-treaters , and later planning on watching Bram Stoker's Dracula with < PROPFIRST > !! 
I can't believe it's November !! This year is flying by ! 
Wants to make chicken pot pie . 
Just missed my bus due to some retarded customer deciding to shop last < PROPFEMALE > ute only to have her CC decline . 35 < PROPFEMALE > at the stop by myself ... 
Just heard an old lady with a < PROPMALE > rip some super loud ass !!!!! Ugh !!!!!! 
Anyone interested in joining < PROPFIRST > and I to see the Picasso exhibit at the Seattle < PROPMALE > Museum today ?? It's free admission day ! 
wants to do a photoshoot . 
I love that Facebook posts your phone # on your profile without notifying you or asking permission first - and because of this , some creep who used to stalk my Myspace now has my # and won't stop texting me . Fuck . 
Needs new portfolio material : After < PROPFIRST > and I move into the new place would 2-3 female friends of mine be interested in coming over and getting made up by me ?? I need more ' beauty ' looks for my port . I would be taking pics of the finished work , etc . Yes , booze can be involved ! Hit me up . 
bought a pair of those ' shape-up's ' shoes from Skechers . They work . 
BLAGGH !!! BLOOOG !!! BLUP !! 
The Fox and the Hound ALWAYS makes me sob like a baby . 
must partake of this ' Unicorn Jizz ' I keep hearing about . 
In your opinion , what venue has the best karaoke selection in Seattle ? 
wants to plan a furniture shopping trip at Goodwill next Friday . Anyone with a car wanna go and do some shopping with me ????? 
Today is the day I get my Talbuk mount in WoW ... I can feel it ! 
about to go to the grocery store ... I have been procrastinating it all day . :/ 
I think im getting sick again . :-( 
Finally gets to do makeup for a photoshoot for the first time in months !!!!!! 
is super hungry , but nothing seems appetizing . 
For those that were planning to come to my little beauty ge t-t ogether on the 28th I had to cancel . Certain unforeseen events have pushed back our move in date to the new place closer to the first of December . 
Is sitting in Nordstrom's cafe watching an old man have a very intense conversation with no one . 
He looks very sad as he pours cream into his coffee & continues to talk intently to the empty space in front of him . His eyes are focused on someone not there . 
I love to people watch . I like to pretend I'm an outsider looking in on the social behaviors of an alien species . It's fascinating . 
I demand cupcakes with cream cheese icing !!! 
So , < PROPFIRST > and I have been watching Lexx for awhile now . We are on season 4 and I'm not sure how we got this far - this show is a slow train wreck that you just can't stop looking at . < PROPFEMALE > and Xev need to have sex already ! :( 
needs to use someone's face as a creative outlet . 
hates being caught in the middle of a situation that I have no control over . :( 
that's nothing a little peanut brittle and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can't fix !!! ' Don't Stop Til You Get Enough ' ......... * dances * 
OMG , I just found the MOTHER LOAD of AMAZING wigs on Ebay ..... my inner drag < PROPFEMALE > has such a girl boner right now !!!!!! 
My god ! I went through my makeup collection earlier tonight - I really need to get rid of the stuff I don't use !!! I have way too much makeup . 
Oh , Black < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Just got home from unleashing some hawt n ' saucy creativity on < PROPFEMALE>'s face - pics coming soon !!!! 
Omw to a shoot in Tacoma !! Man , it's cold outside !! 
What are they gonna do when < PROPFIRST > Beiber's balls drop ? 
Snowstorm !!!!!!!!!!! 
really doesn't want to go to work today . :\\ 
had a dream that Cthulhu destroyed the world and me and my pet/sidekick/talking gecko tried to save it . The spawn of Cthulhu invaded the planet in the form of beautiful women who were trying to outbreed the human race by having sex with men . For some reason , I was able to have lots of sex with these women too . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I am thankful for my amazing friends who have stuck with me through thick and thin , shared many laughs and many cocktails ! I am thankful for my mom who has supported me in all my crazy cross-country moves and has given me many an enlightening tarot reading ! I am thankful for my boyfriend who has changed my life and allowed me to grow in so many ways I don't know where I'd be without you ! 
Tomorrow is move day part 1 ! 
To play WoW or not to play Wow .... that is the question ! 
Trying to keep myself from having an asthma attack from cat overexposure ! =( 
So , \ 
as soon as < PROPFIRST > and I are able to move into the new place I am gonna\ 
make plans to reschedule the Beauty , Booze , and Incriminating Pics event - \ 
probably sometime in January !! Stay posted !! 
Spending some QT with < PROPFIRST > - indian food and now at the movies ! Later we're hitting up the < PROPMALE > walk in pioneer square ! 
Just left the < PROPMALE > walk - i really want to paint now ! 
The situation has simmered down . < PROPFIRST > and I had to have a long talk with my roommate and her husband . Things got kind of scary earlier , but I think that the talk has helped ease a lot of tension . I just want this whole situation to end smoothly . Hopefully we will know more by Monday . 
Just thought of an awesome idea for a tattoo !!!!!!!!!! 
is drunk and happy . :D 
Well , things are finally moving along ! My roommate and her husband are moving out today and < PROPFIRST > and I should be in the new place by Thursday !! 
Needs help thinking of an interesting way to decorate a living room around a red couch and dark wood furniture ..... 
just ordered a bunch of prints of me and my baby plus good memories with friends to put on the wall in the new place !!! 
turning 28 at midnight . 
Thanks for all the b-day wishes everyone !! 
Stealing this game from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Marrs - \ 
Send me a random # to my inbox , then I will status what I really think about you !!!!!! 
#12 - I haven't known you for very long , but you are a breath of fresh air !! We should kick it more often !!! Don't forget to send me that wedding invite too !! ;) 
#420 - Haha , how appropriate ! You were always cool with me in high school even though we didn't < PROPFEMALE > out too often . You were always so crazy in a way that was hilarious ! 
#21 - It's good to have you in my life and hopefully we will stay in touch more ! Continue to be true to yourself and you will eventually find the girl of your dreams - but they probably won't be in Memphis !!! Get outta there !!!!!! 
#42 - We've had a < PROPMALE > start , but things are so much better now ! I want to know more about you than I do - you seem like a very interesting person with lots of things in common . Seriously , we need to get sushi sometime !! The few times we've < PROPMALE > out I've had a blast !! <3 
Wow , I woke up to so many birthday wishes this morning ! Thanks everyone !!!!! 
#323 - You are a good friend and a good listener . Those are qualities that are hard to find nowadays . But , if there was any advice that I could give you it would be this - don't be so damn nice to people ! You let people walk all over you and it's frustrating to me . 
#8675309 - You are a sweet , sweet person ! I am glad that we are getting to know each other better and I hope we can < PROPFEMALE > out more . I love how creative you are and that you have a love for small , cute , and fuzzy things ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I are starting the move into the new place today !! We are also getting new phones and as of tomorrow I will be getting a new phone # ! Until then , if you need to get in touch with me , just send a text to my current # . 
#224 - I believe we've met at the Merc , but I really don't know much about you !!! 
#2370 - Omg !!! I remember you as the quiet , yet random guy in class who was always trying to peek at the hentai I would draw . I remember you saying ' hi ' to me a lot and that you were into martial arts . Who would've known that you would turn out to be so outspoken and a rap artist !!! It's cool though ; it makes you more intriguing . 
#999 - Wow , what can I say - you were my first real boyfriend and Oh my Shiva ! that was a long time ago ! I still feel bad for being such a bitch to you at the end of things , but appreciate all the amazing music and good Russian food you introduced me to !! I hope you are doing well , my friend !! 
#443 - I have thoroughly enjoyed hanging out with you every time I've had the opportunity ! We should do it more often ! And , wow , do we get attention from the opposite sex when we're together !!!! 
#669 - I don't remember much from high school , but it has been a pleasure knowing you on facebook . I love how outspoken you are and that you are into a lot of the same nerdy things as myself !! We would have really gotten along as friends if we had < PROPMALE > out more !! 
#3333 - It has been wonderful knowing you . You are one of the realist people I know and you are so much fun to < PROPFEMALE > out with ! I feel like I have a lot in common with you and that we had many similar life experiences that have happened at similar times in our lives . I only hope that our friendship can continue to grow and I consider you one of my closest friends . <3 
has so many pictures to < PROPFEMALE > up in the new place the walls are gonna be full of holes by the end of it !!! 
is gettin ' hot for my man to take me out tonight ! 
sushi time !!! 
Moving today !! Just a few boxes and big furniture items to go ! 
Ugh ..... sooo tired , but it's not over yet ! 
New phone # !! 206 458 2600 
Had a dream that I had to give up the mortal life to become the Devil's advocate , but I kept sneaking back to earth to visit my lover ! 
has a new smart phone .... I am not used to such wonders of technology !! 
Is sooo excited for karaoke @ Hula Hula tonight !!! 
Tonight- holiday tradition of watching the lord of the rings trilogy with < PROPFIRST > ! 
Last night is kicking my ass right now ... i will post pics later ! 
Bar food , beer , and anime with my babe tonight ! Just woke up from a 4 hour nap . What a crazy past 7 days this has been !! 
The Game of Thrones series starts in April !!!!! Who has HBO and wants to watch it with me ???? 
puttin ' up the tree , drinking warm cider , and listenin ' to some xmas music ! 
Zoka has disgusting coffee . :( 
Next Wednesday I will be baking xmas sugar cookies , cracker toffee , reeses cup cookies , and holiday brownies if anyone would like to come over !!! We can partake of eggnog , cider , or cocoa and watch < PROPMALE > the Red Nosed Reindeer !! 
ordered some new dance workout dvd's ... yes it's dorky , but I need to get in shape ! 
Word of the day is ' Obsequious ' . 
It is so not cool for me to have to be up this early ..... I blame < PROPFIRST > . ;P 
Holy crap , work just got insane busy !!! 
Just got the baking goods to make 4 kinds of cookies , brownies , and toffee .... plus whipped cream vodka !! 
has found the love of her life . 
baking shall soon commence ... 
To anyone coming over today , be forewarned : there is mistletoe hanging ! 
The glogg is strong and delicious ! 
supposedly my workout dvd's were delivered yesterday , yet i never recieved them . 
Well , my hours are being cut by half on january , which means im going to have to get a second job or a new job all-together . :( 
Has new years day off and plans on taking full advantage of it ! 
Happy Yuletide everyone ! 
So , starting in January I will have a LOT of free time due to my hours getting cut at work . I would like to take the opportunity to do more freelance makeup work - though I will only be able to take paid gigs to make up for the deficit in my income . Message me for my availability ! 
made myself some new hair extensions and started a new painting today ! 
Sooooo excited that my workout dvd's finally arrived ; sooo NOT excited that the dvd player has spontaneously decided to stop working . :(((( 
watching < PROPFEMALE > and painting ! 
is heading to < PROPFEMALE > Wor for karaoke ! 
just stuck as many clip-in hair extensions to my head as possible !!! 
Xmas decor is coming down tonight and I start my new workout ! 
is enjoying watching < PROPFIRST > make homemade sour dough bread while enjoying her delicious sour dough pancakes ! NOM . 
I really can't stand ' coke-bottle ' eyebrows . I mean , really . If you are going to take the time to draw on your brows at least try not to make it look like you traced them on with the end of a bottle - unless you have some sort of clown fetish . Thanks . 
Needs a new direction . 
just finished working out to Lady Gaga ! 
just put Rock Band 3 on hold at Gamestop ...... weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !!! 
anyone wanna go to Northgate with me ? 
Rock Band 3 tonight ! 
wow , exporting all the songs from Rock Band and Rock Band 2 to Rock Band 3 is gonna take awhile !! 
So , I've been hearing a lot of stuff about HAARP lately and I've been looking into it . I have to admit it's kind of freaky . 
bubble bath time ! 
has had a completely lazy day playing WoW . Now it's time to finish the 1st devil girl painting and start on the second ! 
has been painting for over 5 hours non-stop . I need a back rub ! 
The past 2 years have been rather amazing for me . I have really grown and have been reflecting on the huge changes I have accomplished as a person . Things I thought were important 5-7 years ago are completely different than what I consider important now . It's mind-broadening . 
I love the anxious knot I get in my stomach whenever I go to work now . The pressure of a commission job sucks . 
is organizing the bedroom , finally - but has been distracted by a box of old wigs that I haven't worn in yeeeeaaaaarrrsss ! 
ever since I can remember I been poppin ' my colla ' 
I love it when I'm so engrossed in my painting that I totally miss the my cup full of water and place a paint covered brush into my coffee instead . :) 
I guess I am gonna have to reschedule that interview tomorrow ... I doubt they will be open ! 
GOOD GOD , my man can cook !!! I mean , * really * cook !! It is rare that I finish a meal and feel like I've just had extremely satisifying sex for hours . NOM . 
everyday , for about 40 minutes , our upstairs neighbor sounds like he is running through a human-sized hamster wheel and our whole apartment shakes .. 
hmmm ..... bartending ? 
makin ' homemade tortillas with the lover .. 
Ok , everyone - since I have so much free time on my hands lately I am gonna start making makeup tutorials again !! I've had a lot of requests for vids and I am gonna start posting them on Dead Sexy Makeup's FB and on youtube ..... stay tuned !! 
Yay !! Paintings are all finished !! But , I still have one 8x10 canvas left .... start a new painting ?????? Hmmm ....... 
Feb . 11th- Superwoman collection launches at < PROPMALE > ! I need willing faces that will let me make them up for our event ! 
Is feeling overwhelmed by many issues that are current and ones from my past . Im not sure how to deal with them . 
A bubblebath by candlelight makes everything better ! 
wishes she had something small and fuzzy to cuddle with . 
Had an old man tell me ' he would see me later in his dreams ... and it wouldn't be a nightmare .. ' . This is the third time this week i've heard that from him . 
Lately , riding the bus makes me get bad motion sickness . I think it's because the ride is so jerky and smells like someone's musty uncle . 
Finally got the cosplay wigs I ordered from < PROPFIRST > Kong . THEY LOOK AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has to turn this dough into a boule for my baby today .... I have no idea what I'm doing . :( 
will be cooking my own makeshift version of Swedish meatballs tonight ! 
it's probably not wise to have coffee this late in the day , but my head hurts ! 
My swedish meatballs are almost done !! 
centaurs are cool . 
Ok , so I absolutely REFUSE to watch any batman movie that casts < PROPFEMALE > Hathaway as < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . There is absolutely nothing alluring and ' cat-like ' about her at all . She doesn't have enough presence to portray such a sultry villain . She looks like a llama and smells like one too . I am so annoyed . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Hathaway just needs to marry < PROPMALE > Cage and get it over with . 
Have I ever expressed to you exactly how much I love potatoes ? 
is watching Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron . I love horses . 
has to be up in 4 hours ... 
Needs more sleep or more coffee !!!! 
Made some amazing contacts today and have some exciting prospects for the future ! 
Oh man , I take immense pleasure listening to < PROPFIRST > chew out the cable company .... he is exceedingly good at it . 
cleaning out my old yahoo email and finding tons of old pics !! 
jammin ' out to The Smiths ! 
HOLY F*@%& , RUSH IS ON TOUR !!!!!!! 
I <3 Hefeweizen 
OMG , Tripel Ale is delicious !! 
heading over to the eastside to drop my paintings off today ! 
Heading to Cap Hill and Unicorn around 8 if anyone wants to tag along ! 
Eklection tonight !! It's gonna be a BUSY day ! 
Gay pride parade + lots of hot unicorn girls + me in a bullet bra corset = EPIC 
...... \now that my vulva is as smooth as a veal cutlet \"" 
could totally go for some greasy food right now .... 
more and more I feel like I need to go back to school ... 
Bubblebath time ... om so exhausted . 
Lets hope I dont have anymore customers who decide to have a seizure in front of me today ! 
If this day had balls I would kick them . 
Today is a new day ! 
ate like a skeksis . 
the man is out bottling the home-brew ; I am home drinking it and watching Hunchback of Notre Dame ( mainly for < PROPFEMALE > ) . 
watching The Black Cauldron 
since I've cut off most of my damaged hair , the healthy hair is trying to curl into ringlets again .. 
needs obscene , raunchy , x-rated , diabolical , and decadent songs about love , lust , etc . for a V-day party playlist . I don't care about the genre as long as the song doesn't suck . Preferably something danceable though . GO ! 
has to resync my zune , which means have to erase all content from it and add it back . A lot of the songs I've had on there for awhile have just stopped playing . It's making me nervous that my zune is just gonna be a bitch and not add my music back . 
I hate it when I can't find a song I heard at work on itunes . :\\ 
Wow , I just found a site that is selling a TON of fake < PROPMALE > product .... craziness . 
Thank baby jesus I'm home from work . I've had a terrible headache all day ! 
< PROPFIRST > in the Crack 
OMG , BEST . COSTUME . IDEA . EVER !! 
spring cleaning and then party shopping ! 
Cowboy Junkies 
home-made African < PROPFEMALE > Ale and meat pie .... mmmmm . 
concluding this adventuresome weekend with Deadwood . 
I think im finally getting sick .. 
my throat and head are killing me . :( 
< PROPFIRST > suggested that I st < PROPMALE > painting my dreams - which would make for some extremely f*&$ed up , morbid , gory , and yet richly colorful pieces of < PROPMALE > . 
has been having a great week at work . It's been quite awhile that I've been able to say that ! 
I live with a mad scientist . 
ugh , sickness go away . staying home from work today . 
I'm excited for my photoshoot tomorrow ! 
Wow , I'm feeling especially irritable tonight . :\\ 
After 7+ years Myspace = deleted 
Time to make out . <3 
If there's one thing i'm good at it's making a collage . 
Wow , it's super gross outside right now ; I'm glad I don't have to work today ! 
This apartment looks G -O-O- D !! 
Starting yoga today - feeling nervous about it for some reason !! 
watching FernGully : The Last Rainforest 
\I'M GONNA GO F%@$ SOMEBODY !!!!! \ " - customer who just looked at herself after I did her makeup today . " 
Waiting for my bus on this pleasant morn - blue skies , the sound of children laughing , and the huge fucking pile of vomit someone left near the bus stop bench .. 
Ok , so I have really enjoyed watching the Deadwood series . Last night's episode included some amazing acting of very realistic and quite painful looking kidney stones that had passed into the ( male ) character's bladder and finally into his urethra . And WOW , the way they had to medically deal with such an ailment back then - made me grab my invisible girl cock and squirm !! 
A lot of my friends have been posting spam today , including myself - change your password . My profile was hacked ! 
Yoga class was AMAZING today ! 
needs watercolor pencils . 
Rickshaw tonight ! 
Got some much needed furniture for the house at IKEA with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > McClelland today - now I'm gonna go look at some baby rats with < PROPMALE > Reese !!!! Later , it's Karoake @ the Rickshaw with < PROPFEMALE > Mul < PROPFIRST > ey , < PROPFIRST > Zelinsky , < PROPMALE > Mendez , < PROPFEMALE > Hunsaker , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Huygen ! 
I want to cuddle some baby rats ! 
Wow , yoga kicked my ass tonight ! I'm gonna be sore this weekend , but it's worth it ! 
sending lot's of <3 to Japan . :( 
Busy day tomorrow - waking up around 5:30 - 6 and then heading to one of < PROPFIRST>'s chess tournaments to do some face painting for the kids competing . Then it's off to work from 3-close !!!!! Thank baby Hannibal Lector I have Sunday off !!! 
Need . Coffee . Now . 
Today is turning out to be a weird day : I woke up from a bad/sad dream and all the news I've been reading about Japan and politics is depressing me . Things are a little tense at home too . :( 
Just got an email from someone looking for a makeup artist who can apply moulage makeup to over 100 people in 2 hours . They say I will need a team . I say show me the $$$ ! 
' Baby Cakes Malone ' - That's what he calls me . <3 
Busy day today : going to Western Beauty Supply to pick up hair for extensions . Then I'm headed to PetCo to get supplies for our two new baby rat additions that I will be bringing home later tonight !!!! Pics of < PROPMALE > ( an Albino ) and Swearengen ( black/white fancy ) coming soon !! 
Wow , the small animal section at the petco in the udist is looking sad , sad , sad . Those poor animals are living in filth and look deathly . :( 
So , < PROPMALE > is turning out to be the shy , timid , yet cuddly type and Swearengen is the adventurous , hyper , curious one . They both love cooked peas , unsweetened ( healthy ) cereal , and < PROPFIRST>'s home-made molasses bran muffins . < PROPMALE > is more of a glutton though . 
Down with the cylons !!! 
Magic Camera strikes again ! 
Listening to an Elysian Fields song that remind me of old times living on Capital Hill - working at Metro and late nights of dancing .. 
Ugh , my hair is fading to a weird brown color . I want to dye it sooooo bad , but I am resisting so it can get healthy for a good dye job this summer . It's a waiting game now and I am so impatient !! 
I want to have blue hair again . 
I'm trying to see if I can get the natural curl back in my hair - it's been about 10 years since I became addicted to flat-irons ! 
Let the chaos begin .... 
One more day of work - then 4 days off ! 
How did we get this far apart ? We used to be so close together . How did we get this far apart ? I thought this love would last forever .. 
I < PROPMALE>' know what love is anymore . I've lost my heart . 
So , once I bleach my hair and depending on how much brassiness I get out I will need to decide what color to dye it . I am thinking of doing the pretty sky blue color I did about 2 years ago , some sort of shade of red , or pink ? 
QOTD : \ The thumb is the < PROPMALE > of the hand . \"" 
just bought the ratfinks some new toys , hammock , and running wheel . They don't know what to do with themselves ! <3 
This hair project is going to take some time . Current status : Big Bird Yellow . 
I am a banana !!!! 
Box wine and hot glue guns .. 
2 year anniversary with < PROPFIRST > today . Apparently , we are going to see Rush this summer !!!!!!!!!!! <3 
\I love you as certain dark things are to be loved 
I am inspired to step outside my normal subject for < PROPMALE > . I need to create something different ! 
I have unicorns on the brain !!! 
\I don't know ... he kind of makes my labia shrivel\ " - Californication " 
My unicorns are official - I hope to see many of you in the Seattle Gay Pride Parade this summer as spectators or participants !!! 
My makeup for work looks INSANE . Pics once I get my 2 pairs of lashes on .. 
All my shoes are falling apart !! My work shoes and now my fav pair of clubbin ' shoes !!! :(((( 
What a beautiful day !! 
There's a pery-ass easter < PROPFEMALE > dancing in the middle of the mall ... 
Just say ' no ' to gunt . 
New artwork in the works ! 
I enjoy being spontaneous , but I hate being rushed . :\\ 
Feels like playing Tenchu Z .. 
I have 110 hours and 30 minutes of 80's music on my zune . Hmmmm .... 
3 days til payday seems forever !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
First shopping date for Pride Parade starts at 1pm Tuesday on Capital Hill ! How many of you can make it ? 
Yoga has me feeling good this morning ! 
needs comfy , but rockstar-looking work shoes . Anyone have any good brand suggestions ? 
I can't sleep . I've been having bad dreams lately . :( 
Im feeling much better today . 
Desperately needs to play some Rock Band . 
Despite the vacuum not working , my apartment looks super sparkly and smells like vanilla cookies ! <3 
Going to Neighbors for 80's night tomorrow - I CAN'T WAIT TO DANCE !!!! 
Plans might be falling through with the coworkers ... anyone want to go out to 80's night at Neighbors tonight ? 
Wranglin the big table at neighbors for my peeps ! 
Had a ton of fun dancing my arse off at Neighbors with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Huygen , Cosmic Boy , < PROPMALE > Mendez , < PROPFEMALE > Hunsaker , and < PROPFIRST > Vanpelt !!!! 
Suddenly just remembered the crazy grunge-rocker cab driver we had on the way home who insisted we listen to his band's music at an excruciatingly loud volume last night - yep , his band's cd is still in my purse .. 
QOTD- \My skills as a tubist can be quite impressive . \ " - an email from a guy who plays classic hard rock with a tuba who wants to hire me as a gogo dancer . EPIC !!! " 
Ugh , it's prom night today for teens eveywhere in Seattle and guess who's at work doing their makeup ?! 
Really , how hard is it to find a black bikini top with skeleton hands on it ??? :\\ 
Making chinese broccoli and beef ! 
I'm beginning to think that I'm destined to be single and should start treating men like meat . Maybe that's all they're good for . 
QOTD - ' I WOULD F#$ ? & the gay boys butt on your chest ' 
caught in the crossfire 
I think today will be a good day for an energy drink ! 
I think those barstools at the club last night bruised my delicate a$$ . :( 
Fresh squeezed lemonade ... 
Going to the < PROPMALE > museum today ! 
At 5 point cafe for happy hour ! 
Is watching Vampire girl vs . Frankenstein girl .... woooooooow !! 
OMG , this sounds so weird to say , but this is the BEST broccoli I've ever put in my mouth - NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM ! 
So there was a real bona fide Japanese school girl on my bus ride home tonight . Complete with school uniform , broken english , and super cute/demur demeanor . :) 
Had a dream that I owned a funeral box that housed a demon . He accepted offerings of < PROPFEMALE > . 
ugh , my allergies are killing me today ! :( 
