i needs someone to take me to get my stuff doen lol 

Hope shes ok 
There is a road in the hearts of all of us . Hidden and seldom traveled . Which leads to an unkown and secret place . 
is tired of everything and needs a break from it all 
16 as of 4:22 a.m. , lol cool 
Avatar , best movie ive ever seen , nothing even comes close to seeing it , lol got to see it in i < PROPMALE > 3D XD was amazing 
' s guardian angel is on stress leave ... 
doesnt agree but doesnt have the right to say anything , so he wont 
sometimes the hero dies in the end 
Wrap me in a bolt of lightning Send me on my way still smiling Maybe that's the way I should go , Straight into the mouth of the unknown 
saw the new wolfman movie today , was best i think ive ever seen haha beats avatar in my book 
\and so the prodigal son returns \"" 
\Be still thy beating heart ... \"" 
Si vis pacem , para bellum . 
Even a man who is pure in heartand says his prayers by nightmay become a wolf when the wolfbane bloomsand the autumn < PROPFEMALE > is bright . 
My honored brethren , we come together to unite as one against those that are damned , we show no mercy for we have none . Our enemys shall fall , as we uprise to claim our fate , now and forever we'll be together . We love and hate . 
men dont faint we take unintended decisive naps . 
Jus ' like a kipper ! 
By < PROPFIRST > , we've doen it ! Pull the hatch forward ! What year is it good sir ? 
Upstaged by a wiley-ass hippie . 
aww wake up and throw up at 2 a.m. really ? and who pukes red vomit and outa their nose ? welp apparently i do ! 
Just got done watchin halloween 2 by < PROPMALE > zombie , hands down best horror movie ever , lol my mom wanted to watch it too and at oen part she didnt jump but tipped over roflmao 
Inside everyone of us there exists a darkside . Most rise above it , but some are consumed by it ... 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!! KHAKI SHORTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH 
if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out before i go to cali lemme know 
got a new brother in law today , coool . happy\ 
for you guys :) both happiness and love wished for your family 
And it's just like the ocean , under the moonIt's the same \ 
as the emotion that I get from you , you got the kinda lovin ' that can\ 
be so smooth , yeahGimme your heart , make it real , or else \ 
forget about it 
\fuck it im gonan make it so we can shit rainbows and sneeze bunnies ... \ " rofl that was a nice conversation hahaha " 
~ sigh ~ gotta love popping off a headshot and seeing the dudes head literally explode , always brigns a tear to my eye :\ ) " 
Ah just got back from a week long Disneyland trip . Was really nice to have some aloen time with my grandparents and cousin ^.^ 
If you tied up and beat your inner child . Would it be self mutilation or child abuse ? 
lol ive been up all night damn was jsut hanging out and was like what light is on , why is it so bright in the living room and looked out the window and saw the sun rising lol 
I swear if its not one thing its another 
Rejoice !!! For very bad things are about to happen . 
\You thought you were standing beside me . You were only in my way . You're wrong if you think that i'll be just like you . You thought you were ther to guide me . You were only in my way . You're wrong if you think that i'll be just like you . \"" 
Got cell today , finally :p lol anyway you want my number let me know 
Sunday night bitches ! Ill be back hahaha 
IM HOME !!!!! XD 
Chinese food !!!!! 
Got a zombie backpack/hoodie today lol freaking awesome XD 
Day after tomorrow . Damn that came way to fast ): 
phones off for the night lol doubt anyone was gonna txt me anyway :p 
\They do not see what lies ahead when sun is faded and < PROPFEMALE > is dead \"" 
\I am the lucid dream . The monster in your nightmares . the fiend of a thousand faces . Cower before my true form ! Bow Down Before THE GOD OF DEATH ! \ " haha gotta love the villains ^.^ " 
IM BACK !!!!! 
my arms feel like jelly , haha , but thats what happens when you play lightning reaction on level four and no one else is there to partake in the nerve frying !!! XD 
Crazy how ppl think farmers are a bunch of hicks and unintelligent yet that dude brought up serious points that truly got me thinking . 
Woot for creative writing and economics haha 
\This is a SPARKLER !!!! \ " roflmao " 
been in class a total of four days now , first day of econ we had a sub 2nd day she was there and 3rd we had a test , T.T one day to learn the stuff on the test , yesturday get test results , haha i got highest grade in the class XD 
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee .............. XD 
EEERRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I absolutely hate it when you have a cold and blow your nose , jsut to have it be stuffed up as soon as your done !!!!!! DX < 
what is with girls and only ever being able to talk about themselves ? never once do they ask , how are you or what your up to . or if they do an imediate change of subject back to them . bleh lack of interest eh ? 
lol i should become a Swedish chef roflmao 
good night , comparing girls and relationships to fishing 
Lol my writing was compared to putting a stick of dynamite in a barrel of fish and blowing them up . Roflmfao no better compliment to me :D 
Im thinking I may want to be a writer . 
everytime i think im closeto ending a part , i get a new idea and it just keeps building up , lol this story has becoem a lot more than intended 
seriously pissed off . 
ugh im tired of all this shit . 
prolly sounds stupid but its almsot hard doing this < PROPMALE > piece , not hard doing the work , but emotionally challenging prolly sounds lame 
\Do you dream while you sleep or is it an escape from the horrors of reality ? \"" 
just thought a thought , but the thought i thought i thought wasn't the thought i thought ! 
You DON'T know . You DON'T understand . I am completely empty inside except for anger , self-hatred , and intense pain . You can't fix me . I can't just \Cheer up ! \"" 
Well off to see what horrors and nightmares lie ahead , which twist and snap the sanity of the mind , sights and sound heart stopping and bone chilling , my dreams ... 
Gremlins ^.^ 
well , end of the block . Passed all my classes really well , enjoyed all of them AND the teachers XD Environmental Science : B Creative Writing : A General Art : B Consumer Economics : B haha i mainly B's but passed em all with high grades :D 
im tired of being sick DX its pissing me off ! 
I swear some people need to juut get over themselves . 
\I'll show you how to float down here . They all float down here ... \"" 
Won 4 awards tonight ! WOOT ! rofl 
\The more you live the faster you will die . \"" 
Its been said that everlasting friends go long periods of time without speaking & never question their friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live & they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy & you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are . 
