Schools finally over ! Awesome ! 

Found out he misses school at least a little bit . 
passed his ap U.S. histroy test somehow ! 
Thanks for all the good birthday wishes ! 
Just ate a pretty big tub of Swedish Fish in one sitting ... 
Got a haircut and feels much better now , haha . 
Just bearly passed his algebra II < PROPFIRST > with an awesome 401 . Hey , at least its a passing grade , thats all that matters ... 
Is a Self Proclaimed Genius . 
Has to wake up at 3 in the morning tomorrow to catch a plane ... 
schedule : 1)Network Administration 1 2)Network Administration 2 3)Computer Science 4)AP Environment Science 5)English 12 6)AP Government 7)Photo Journalism 2 Not bad , hoping for an easier year . 
What does happen when plan B fails ? 
... 
Hey , just doublechecking , anyone who has Mr. Humbert for AP gov , the project is due by midnight tonight or tomorrow ? REALLY need clarification asap ; thanks ! 
Fcps.edu site for 10/28/09 : I took that pic ! I dont know , I thought it was kinda cool . Nice job Project Enlightenment people ! 
Anyone with mr miller for enviro , any idea on how were supposed to do that stupid experiment design ? I'm starting to get really confused . 
Just spent 2 hours looking for a freaking LED light thats about as small as a pin head ... 
Damn , Avatar still doesn't cease to amaze . Definitely still the best movie I've ever seen . I might even go back a thrid time to watch it . 
Felt like a human pin cushion at the doctors office today .. Damn , I didn't even know there were that many different blood tests one could possibly do . 
owij4t'[zsvknz;dfgkafgseg; 
Won't be going blind in my right eye anymore ! At least not for the forseeable future .. 
Is so bored he's drawing a freaking sheep in photoshop ... It doesn't even LOOK like a sheep either . 
Got into a couple schools . 
Made $40 doing a little shoveling ! I love shoveling for old people 
oh shit , the weather guys are saying that this weekend storm could give us over 20 inches of snow and is expected to be even bigger then the last huge snowstorm we had . Kiss your weeked plans goodbye ... 
Alright I'm taking bets . Whos for there being no school tomorrow or whos for there being an early release ? I honestly cannot decide , fcps has chickened out before so it could go either way .. 
The new facebook is confusing .. 
Enjoys laughing at the morons in 2 wheel drive minivans getting stuck in the snow . What were you thinking ?! 
Neighbors are up on their freaking ROOF ! What the HELL is wrong with some people ?! 
The Saints suck . I hate the team , I hate the fans , ( not you , < PROPMALE > ) , and I honestly do not feel they should win . 
no school tuesday through wednesday 
Now its official ; no school tomorrow or friday . 
We just broke the all time record for the most snow in D.C. history . 55+ inches so far with more snow on the way . 
Well , everybody knows that the bird is the word ! 
Man , school make-up is gonna be a BITCH ! 
Is actually kind of looking forward to going back ot school after being snowed in for the past week and a day . 
Just started learning Japanese on < PROPFEMALE > Stone . Why ? Cause Japanese is AWESOME ! 
What the hell do parents understand ? 
Does anybody know an interesting sophomore ? I really need someone that does/is something interesting , cool , etc and fast ! Please , anyone with suggestions ? 
Got skype ? nick . sheehan3 ; doubt ill be on much though . 
Doesn't like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > playing the villain ... 
Felt like a moron when he drove by an IHOP today and finally figured out it actually stood for something ... 
\Lets make like hockey sticks and get the PUCK outta here ! \"" 
Gotta piggybank that looks like a giant tootsie roll ! 
Got a hand written letter from radford asking me to seriously consider going to that school . ... Damn , they must want me to go there badly ... 
Sitting around listning to some < PROPMALE > Zombie , I guess this is a productive use of time ? 
If only that Staples easy button were real ... 
Radford , thanks for accepting me , now leave me the hell alone for a little while ! 
Has decided that getting carpal tunnel from playing too many videogames is just about the biggest insult one could have ... Man I wish it would stop raining so I could do something else .. 
I'm bored , so if you want say something . http://www.formspring.me/NickSheehan 
Is a Pirate . 
I went to go have dinner at an < PROPFEMALE > pub , and the waitress who was serving us just randomly askes me , hey is your name < PROPMALE > , or < PROPMALE > ? But I never told her my name ... It was pretty weird . 
Dang its nice out side , I need to make time to do something ! Spring is finally just about here ! 
Just remote desktopped to my computer on my itouch . Wow , is there ANYTHING you cant do with that thing ? 
Does anyone have a used external harddrive that I could buy thats not too expensive ? 
Is running Linux on his Xbox 360 . God bless homebrew . 
Anyone going to ODU and wants to board ? I'm not 100% sure I'm going there yet , but I just want to know if anyone lese is going there . 
.... 
Just spent about 5 minutes looking for something I had in my hands the whole time ... 
An I the only one thinking this world might actually come to an end in 2012 ? Based off the movie 2012 it all started with earthquakes and there have been a lot of those lately ... 
A presentation and a test tomorrow , neither of which I'm ready for . Tomorrows gonna be great ! 
Wow , whose idea was it to make a popcorn flavored jelly bean ?! That thing looked pretty good too ! 
Damnit , I forgot I have to at least go to 4th period tomorrow , so I can't skip the whole day .... 
Wow , finally caught up on 24 . Twist after twist after twist ; I don't know how they are going to top everything that was already done . 
Saw an episode of Pokemon while flipping through the channels . What did I once see in this show ? 
Something interesting needs to happen soon . Routine is getting pretty damn boring . 
It'll only take five minutes , why can't I just get it out of the way ? Cause I got better stuff to do , like sit around doing nothing . 
Wow I didn't really think that 50 questions assignment for Humbert would be this difficult . Crap ... 
This weekend was pretty lame . Started off with some promise , then just crashed and burned . 
Hamburger Head 
Niiiiiice job , MacAfee . I guess I'm the smart idiot that removed my virus software before you sent out that bad update . 
Happy earth day , which means that avatar will be sold wherever there are DVDs sold , go get your copy ! 
Found not 1 , not 2 , but 3 four leaf clovers walking from my car to my house , but ever since has been ANYTHING but lucky .... Damn < PROPFEMALE > . 
Feels just like a Friday . I hate Thursdays ... 
Back from Radford , but didn't like that school very much .. 
\How's my little digity dog ? \"" 
This week wasn't looking too good until I remembered that < PROPMALE > is on again tomorrow ! 
\Everyone gets ice ; its just that the < PROPMALE > get it in the summer and the poor get it in the winter . \"" 
Snap kick to the face ! 
You know what ? Screw this , I'm not studying ; I don't care anymore . 
Failed hard today ! 
If you want , say something . http://www.formspring.me/NickSheehan 
Death Metal = Lazy persons temper tantrum . 
Today did not feel like a Friday at all . 
Thank heaven for seven eleven ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , whose ready for that 8 hour TEST tomorrow ? Well I'm looking forward to a 7 hour and 55 minute nap though ... 
Well The U.S. test was hopefully ok , but the comparative .... R.I.P my Comparative test score . 
\See me ? I'm still Standing ; I might be bleeding ; But I'm still breathing . \"" 
Bored as hell . 
Its pretty much to that point in the year now where McLean doesn't even feel like my school anymore .. 
“Franks Red Hot I Put That Sh*t On Everything” Best slogan ever haha . 
You will fail 
This year just won't end ! What the hell is there even left to do ?! ... Besides graduating and all that crap ? 
Am I the only one who thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Koon's from all those damn car commercials is scary looking ? 
\Stand in the Corner and Scream with Me \"" 
Hey I've got an honest question ; do school buses actually have gas pedals ? 
How come I'm getting the best grades I have EVER got when it no longer matters anymore ? 
Currently rebuilding my computer .... Again . I hate having to do this ... 
Dang , I'm not one to drool when it comes to cell phones , ( actually I almost couldn't care less about them as long as they can make calls ) , but this HTC EVO looks SICK ! 
Adobe Master Collection CS5 is pretty awesome . 
Whose idea was it to come up with MINI M&M's ? Making a SMALL piece of < PROPFEMALE > even SMALLER ?! 
Not feeling this .. 
¬_¬ 
Was psyched when I found Fallout 1 and 2 for pc . Man , what a let down ... 
Pacman on google ! An excuse to play games all day ! 
Social Engineering is the key to the future 
What is it that makes yawns so damn contagious ? 
Awesome , a rainy Sunday marking the end of the weekend . Now there's nothing left to look forward to but most of my teachers , as well as my parents , bitching at me for 5 days strait .. 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Gray , the world will miss you . 
Just accidently crashed my home network . Whoops ..... \ 
\ 
Good news is its running again ! 
Hey , if anyone has just 1 extra senior graduation ticket , could I please have it ? 
Yeah , done with school ! Even though I've got like 3 more tests and a big project , I'm done ! 
This oil spill is depressing to watch . At least BP came up with a good idea , to put a suggestions < PROPFEMALE > on YouTube , but it really should be on Google . If anyone has any Ideas at all , make sure to post your ideas on that < PROPFEMALE > . 
Rule #51 Sometimes - Your Wrong 
< PROPMALE > is out in the middle of the desert on his donkey . < PROPMALE > is standing next to < PROPMALE > , who is riding his donkey . < PROPMALE > picks up a stone and throws it at < PROPMALE > , hitting him in the face and causing him to fall off his donkey . The next day a co-worker comes up to < PROPMALE > and asks him what happened , < PROPMALE > said , \I got stoned off my ass\ " . :D " 
Knowing what I know now , I find it amazing how little people know about computers , and the Windows Operating System in particular ; not naming anyone , just a general statement . :) 
A bunch of completely free , fully licensed Microsoft software , all 100% legal . I'm in freaking heaven ! 
Second place is the first looser . 
Its supposed to be one of the best weekends for seniors , and what am I doing ? Nothing . 
Well , the good thing about this week is that this is the last real week of high school I will ever have again , the bad thing is this weeks gonna be HELL ! 
Whose taking bus 2 on the trip ? Or bus 5 ; I already forgot which one I signed up for ... 
Just got a 2 TB hard drive , and the first thing I'm going to try is see how much I can fill that thing up ! 
I'm hoping all my organs being in my feet is nothing permanent ... :) 
Gotta love the tools to create a secret partition of my hard drive INSIDE a secret partition in my hard drive ! Good luck EVER getting there lol . 
Damn , what's the point of skipping convocation now ? I bet McLean did this on purpose ... 
Something's gotta go wrong cause I'm feelin way too damn good . 
Damn , they should just have a drive-thru window for our diplomas , that would've been awesome . 
So apparently my parents rented me a limo for graduation , so it broke down when my family and I were eating dinner and I got a party bus after that . I thought it was kind of funny , me who doesn't do anything enthusiastically , along with 5 old people on a party bus lol . 
Heaven = Micro Center 
How can people be related , but be COMPLETELY different from one another ? 
Why is hacking shit so difficult lol ? 
Had to go back to school to drop something off , and it felt so weird to know that McLean wasn't really my school anymore , and that there was no other seniors there .. 
Might have a Job ! 
Yeah ! Got an internship ! 
Been playing robot unicorn attack for the past hour . Worst hour of my life .. 
Big box of fireworks for $50 ; I love you costco 
Cell Phone is screwed up , so if you want to call/text me , ( yeah , all 1 or 2 of you lol ) , thats why I'm not picking up or returning texts . 
Got the new HTC evo and this is the first thing I do with it ; pathetic ... 
Hacked my evo ; NOW its a cool phone haha . 
Is loaded with cash again ; too bad I'm not really ever going to be able to touch it in about a month ... 
Life sucks when you can only find one sock . 
Now that was a pretty sick storm . 
hates texting on a touch screen ... 
Ways to f@ ! k with people #5210 : go to the bookstore and white out < PROPMALE > in the where's < PROPMALE > books . 
Boss is freaking awesome ! Works kinda boring , but it's awesome knowing I have work . 
I hate bingo ... My sis won 100 bucks and I got stuck talking to the ancient people there most of the games ... 
Thank god for trance .. Its saving me big time right now .. 
This summer has been nothing but bullshit . 
taped 5 bottle-rockets together ; time to go see if I can come back with all my fingers still attached .. 
Gets tomorrow off of work , awesome . 
The fireworks conclude , a huge man-made cloud lingers over dc . 
Just woke up , went to the kitchen to grab the must sugar-filled cereal I could , ( mini-wheats ... ) , ran downstairs to my basement , plopped down on my couch , flipped on some cartoons in an attempt to relive the thrill of summer when I was 6 or 7 . 10 minutes later , I was almost asleep in my cereal . Good bye awesome summer memories ... 
ygbn hgbvhyujgfghyujhygfbgfv . That's me writing i'm bored with my forehead . 
Just remote desktopped to my other home computer through a remote desktop connection to my main home computer on the computer at my office . And if you have ANY idea what I just said , good for you ! :) 
Civilation is Over . Elect the Dead . 
Your god is money , so bow down to it ; You act so funny , just look at yourself ; You've lost your family , your friends all use you ; You can't buy happiness so get down on your knees . 
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious Is a word to me , mama mia ; Losing all my < PROPFEMALE > with the all of fabrications It's so easy to say , easy to say ; When you sing LA LA LA LA LA ; Stoner hate has got your back ; California's been invaded by a hippie psychopath ; When you sing LA LA LA LA LA ; Stoner hate has got your backCalifornia's been invaded by a hippie psychopath . 
Saw a drunk driver that caused an accident today . I saw the guy swagger over to the cops to give them his keys , b-b-BUSTed ! Thankfully from what I could see it wasn't a bad accident and I don't think anyone was hurt , at least badly . 
\If you ever do that again I'll rip your arm off and beat you with the bloody end . \"" 
Is hard at work ; or is that hardly working ? Probably the second choice is more like it ... 
Bought a 4 pound bag of jolly ranchers today ; when the HELL am I EVER going to finish eating all of them ? 
Has the best , worst song stuck in my head , Closer by Nine Inch Nails ; don't judge lol 
Counting down the days until I can leave this hellhole ... 
Had a piece of chocolate in one hand , and a q-tip in the other ; got distracted , ate the q-tip ... 
Went to the Nationals Stadium to watch .... The World Cup ? 
This damn job is so freaking boring ... 
Man , having a dual-monitor setup at my home computer would kick ass , I never knew how awesome it was ; OR how convenient it was ! 
Oil leak finally capped , only 2 months after the freaking rig dumped over 100 million gallons of oil . Way to go , BP . 
Did he dream ? Did he escape ? F*ck that ending , I'm gonna be up all night ... 
\You've gone incognito \"" 
Is a studmuffin 
Ok the first thing I do when I'm 18 ; its not getting cigarettes , its not buying some lottery tickets , its not gambling , its .. going lazer tagging .. 
Just spent 30 minutes trying to stump this damn song identifier on my phone . Stumped it twice but they were some very unheard of songs that thing is psychic ... 
You are a witch , a witch with a capitol \B \"." 
F #ck microsoft . 
When nothing goes right ... go left . 
My new life motto haha \ 
http://cristgaming.com/pirate.swf 
During the day we are all corporate < PROPFEMALE>'s bitch 
Falling is easy , its getting back up that becomes the problem 
Went to the docs for one shot , left with 3 .. 
How can I be lost when I got no where to go ? 
God , only lady gaga can get almost 6500 \likes\ " in a little over 5 minutes ... " 
Saw an undercover cop car that was this beat up old saturn minivan .. And then on the way back I saw this under cover cop car that was this nice ass mustang . Damn , can they even give us a SMALL < PROPMALE > at figuring them out ?! 
Decided that a 2 am 7-11 run is not my thing ... 
Bitch , bitch , bitch , bitch , bitch ; that's what I have to put up with once I get home ... 
Stupid autocomplete always ducking up my sentences :P 
Urg , stuck at work , please give me a good song to listen too ! I'm running out 
I make a pretty damn good snake balloon animal . And the worm isn't too bad either . 
Ahahaha Suckers ! I got a laptop with a battery a phone that can tether wifi , so I'm good ! ... for about another hour or 2 ... Well , at least it was a sick storm . 
I'm one of those people that think that hitting the elevator button multiple times will make it come faster ... 
Today's gonna be epic 
its not really that I like hacking , I just like snooping around in places people try so hard to keep locked away . 
Went to the bank and found out I had an extra $150 in my account ; todays been pretty kick-ass so far ! 
Wishes theres some sort of pill you can take that attacks certain memories so you can watch a movie over and over again and still sit in suspense , be scared , laugh , and still be surprised when the plot takes a sudden turn . 
I was talking to this kid from canada , and apparently theres this law somewhere still in effect that allows you to shoot an indian if your in a horse drawn wagon and use a musket ? I dont know , Canada is being given such a bad rep , its starting to sound like heaven haha , ( and not about the shooting an indian thing ) :) 
It takes skill to trip on flat surfaces 
Ok of all the random shit I have ever found in the woods while taking my dog for a walk , I think an almost brand new looking bowling ball tops everything ... 
It's officially that time of the year when stores start putting out their Christmas decorations ... 
God damn I hate this place ... I have to walk about a mile to get cellphone coverage ... 
So bored stuck out the middle of nowhere and am really regretting putting off doing some stuff for college ... 
Sleep ? What the hell is this \sleep\ " you are talking about ? " 
The \easy\ " button needs to do more then just saying \ " that was easy\ " . Try doing like everything I put off .. " 
I hate stupid people :P 
But MY gods last name IS damn it 
Is big time regretting putting off college packing and finding crap to take ... And the worst part is I'm still on facebook while watching Psych , I'm not gonna be done any time soon ... 
See ya 
Hit a new low today when I started working on an assignment for a class that I haven't had yet and classes don't start for another couple days ..... 
So bored , actually looking forward to classes because at least thats something to do ..... 
a/c's leaking and room smells like shit ; awesome ... 
is gonna have a crap load of papers this semester 
\bored like a midget at a theme park \"" 
Finally got ONE textbook after waiting like almost 2 weeks for freaking barnes and < PROPMALE > to ship them out ... 
Is gonna be out on the dock by my dorm at 3 am when < PROPMALE > comes though ! 
biggest looser in the world ; parents must be proud haha ... \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XjaImfQK6U&NR=1&feature=fvwp 
No , YOUr a towel 
Feels like such a looser being probably one of the only ODU students not at the game ... 
Forgot to get dinner again .. Everything closed again ... God damnit .. 
Electrical Engineering Professor blew up a projector today :P Other then that my day sucked . 
Why do I have to live in such a piece of shit dorm where crap breaks or something goes wrong every other day ? 
god damn electrical engineering teacher , you move too fast I didnt have time to do 2 problems out of the 6 you gave that i wouldve got right , damn you .. 
Back home for a couple days . 
Its funny how when we were young we wanted nothing more then to grow up , but now that we've grown up we want nothing more then to be younger again , on top of other things .. 
Ordered my Pirate Bay T-shirt ! Its for a good cause :P 
Buying a ddoser , watch out world wide web .. :P 
See ya once again < PROPFEMALE > ; back to shitty monitored internet ... 
I hate Mondays ....... 
Like my status if you BELIEVE IN evolution ; trying to win an argument ... Comment if you do not . 
so apparently 10000010101100 subscript one = 8364 subscript 10 ; don't ask me how ... 
Finished Electrical Engineering Homework ! It only took all day ! This is the last time I put something off till the last minute when the teacher gave us 2 weeks to do it !..... 
What the hell do people really even see in < PROPFIRST > Bieber , or whatever the hell that kids name is ? He looks like a moron and cannot sing ... 
I NEED YOUR PHONE < PROPFIRST > AGAIN CAUSE I'M AN IDIOT ... Can you write them down here please ? Mines still ( 703 ) 593-2289 . 
Never again am I going to attempt anything with my phone that Sprint frowns upon ... 
Why do I have to live in a dorm where nothing works ? First it was the a/c , then wireless internet was so slow it was almost non existent , and now all 3 of the Ethernet ports on the wall are broken . I bet tomorrow the floor will break and I'll end up in the lobby along with all my stuff .... 
I Am Sofa < PROPMALE > We Tood < PROPMALE > ; well actually I hope not .. 
If someone pulls the fire alarm one more time I'm not \evacuating \"; I don't care . And that person that pulled it at 4:00 am last night can burn in hell . " 
Too busy being a nerd right now . 
Excuses are like armpits , everyone has them and they all stink . 
Wow , I thought Java and C++ were impossible to understand , try learning PPC ... I give up .. 
Currently considering switching < PROPMALE > s from Computer Engineering Technology to Computer Engineering . Who knew one word would make such a < PROPMALE > difference ? No pun intended ... 
Dear IceBurgs , \ 
Sorry to hear about global warming . \ 
< PROPFEMALE>'s a bitch . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
The Titanic\ 
Lol ..... 
Want's today to be over ; nothing ever goes right on a Monday ... 
Come on ODU , I know its flooding somewhere here close campus . I want to go back to bed ... 
Damn I hate this dorm ... I'm paying $5000 for a shithole ; its not cool . 
Not going to have much free time , parents weekend starting a day too early in my case ... 
Well something's gotta go wrong , cause I'm feeling way too damn good . 
WE ACTUALLY WON ! GO ODU ! 
What the hell was that Eagles ?! 
And you ; if my pencil sharpener had a skirt on I'd have to hide it from you . 
This sucks ; 35 words short on my paper due tomorrow ... 
My school papers are like pillows ; nothing but fluff . 
Finally home for a few days . 
Bored as hell ; looking forward to going back down to Norfolk .. 
The way things are going at home , I want to go back down to Norfolk like right now .. 
Take it up with my butt , cause he's the only one who gives a crap ! 
5 chapters to read in one of 2 textbooks , 14 chapters to read in the other textbook , and 14 pages of notes , written by me , all by 3:00 tomorrow for my history mid term .... 
I don't know if having no homework for this weekend is a good thing or not .. I'm already pretty damn bored ... 
I've only missed 2 classes this year so far , both for legitimate reasons , both SOMEhow pop-quiz days . And I've only had a small handful of quizzes ...... 
Haha , today has not been my day . I also found out after accidentally dropping something on my laptop's keyboard and having a button pop off , that they don't really just snap back in very easily at all ... Most of the time never ... Thankfully its only the forward slash and line key which never get's used anyways , but still ... 
Learned to take your shit with a big ass smile . 
How come I get the best grade in English I got all year on something I gave up on and wrote down a bunch of bull , not trying ? Everything else I tried with I got B's ..... 
Really tried hard to make this a study day ; didn't go to well .. Math quiz tomorrow might be interesting .. 
Everyperson has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . Iknow that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least foran hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it . 
I can see through you , see your true colors , cause inside your ugly , ugly like me , I can see through you , see to the real you . 
Taking the day off to finish this bitch of an english paper . Only a thousand words , but Rhetorical Analysis's suck balls ... 
Love's those 1001 things you think up to get out of doing work that you can never think of doing when you actually have free time to burn ..... 
The only good thing about today is it's a friday ... Leave it at that . 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's ... Military Appreciation Week . Re-post if ... you are in the military , love a military member , a veteran , or appreciate our troops . 
Feels like a nerd in an electronic's store right now :P 
Has Black Ops :P And yes , I am a nerd .. 
Going to be a long day ... 
youtube's buffering ruins even the awesome movies ... 
Troubleshoot pro . 
Now has 3 different OS's installed on my computer . Thanks Mr. Jones ! 
A professor that gives a quiz the DAY AFTER THE HARDEST FREAKING TEST OF MY LIFE is a douche . 
This semester was pretty good overall , nothing compared to what it's going to be next semester .. Welcome to hell on earth .. Thanks stupid advisor for screwing my schedule up so I need to take these bitch classes all in one semester to try and catch up .. 
Lazy ass day 
Nice job , Redskins !! Thanks for the easy game ! 
SMS bombed 
What's up with those damn English phd's changing MLA formatting all the time ? I just got used to MLA 6 and now there's 7 ... 
Welcome to the Family 
900 words down , 600 more to go ... 
LOL chat spamming omegle.com . I think I have now made 30 or 40 new enemy's today . 
\I came to < PROPFEMALE > because I heard that streets here were paved with gold . When I came I learned three things :\ 
This sucks ; trying to finish a paper for tomorrow . Tired as hell and Rave , being my trump card , is not working well at all ... 
I think dinners been cooked enough , time to eat I'm freaking starving haha ... 
First ... and last ... trip to Tysons EVER on a black Friday ... I finally understand the expression of \watching a train wreck happen\ " haha ... " 
Studying for finals is going to be difficult ... I've come down with a terrible case of who gives a f #ck .. 
I think I have officially hit a new low ... 
Castle in the sky 
snow , yes . Might just be a flurry but its awesome :) 
Final week of classes . I think hell is the least of my problems at the moment ... 
Looking back I definitely fail to see what part of Electrical Engineering interested me in the first place ... 
Pro BSer 
Welcome to hell week ... Can't wait till friday 
Never thought that Norfolk would have snow before < PROPFEMALE > ... 
22 degrees outside , with the windchill feels like 7 ; why does my final have to be today ?.. 
So if school has to close tomorrow and/or friday , we have to wait here till the 20th to take our finals for that day ?! That's even bigger bull shit then the bookstore offering me $5 for my gently used $150 math book ! 
This is probably the first time ever I'm saying this , but PLEASE don't snow , I WANT to take my final so I can go home tomorrow ... 
back finally . exam not postponed till Monday after all thankfully . 
The person to finally comes up with wireless electricity will be a god . 
Blasting techno music too and from getting a much needed haircut . Made my day much better .. 
This is probably going to be one of the best Mondays ever , given the fact there's no finals or studying to worry about anymore ! 
The little rat looking thing just got ate ! Damn nature ! You Scary ! 
need music suggestions . Running out :/ Freaking bored right now ... 
Elevation burger officially has the most freaking awesome Soda Fountain ever :P touch screen , I don't even know how many different sodas ... I'll probably be hitting that place a lot before I go back haha . 
That was probably the first time I have ever walked through McLean and didn't know anyone well enough to say hi .. Oh , and those freshmen really do keep getting shorter .. 
Hope < PROPFEMALE > was nice to everyone ; < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Still trying very , very , VERY hard to figure out what the critic's found so bad in Tron ... 
R . I . P fast < PROPFIRST > . You were a good friend until all the old people and the nerds figured out you existed ... 
Happy New Year's to everyone ! Only 5 and a half hours left on this decade ! 
I love the people that , even though you may be going 10-15 over the speed limit , still feel the need to ride your bumper as if your not going fast enough ... 
Found the instructors edition math textbook for way cheaper then the student edition . I guess this may be my answer on how to make calc easier haha 
So much work to do ... 
When your instructor looks like she's no older then 16 and belongs in 11th grade , somethings wrong .... 
The silence get's us no where ; Get's us no where way too fast 
<3 Wolframalpha.com 
So I'm in < PROPFEMALE > when the snow pounds the crap out of Norfolk , then I'm in Norfolk when the snow pounds the crap out of < PROPFEMALE > .. Ironic much ? 
I'm buying raving rabbits , because apparently it's the first game you can play with your butt :) 
Doing chemistry is by far the best way to spend a Saturday evening ... -.- 
Quiz in 10 minutes , please don't rape my gpa ... 
Everyone's \NO SCHOOL TOMORROW ! \ " posts are making me want to go to school in New England :P " 
Thank you Huck Hogue for probably being the only reason I might pass my Chem test in about 2 hours ! 
Grades looking good so far :P Surprisingly good grade in Chem . 
Packers . S ? t ? e ? e ? l ? e ? r ? s ?. 
\what's a 6G ? \ " \ 
See ya Steelers ! 
F *** pre-calc . If it's this difficult already , might as well switch majors to something not math oriented ... 
I am going to kill < PROPFIRST > McCarthy if I get addicted to minecraft . No holding back 
Engineering + Chemistry = Universities thinking Engineering students aren't stressed enough ... 
What ? A computer competing on Jeopardy ? Beating < PROPMALE > Jennings ?! 
Who knows C++ and is short $20 bucks for something ? Cause I got your $20 bucks if you can help with some programming ... 
OH MY GOD !! A Nigerian < PROPMALE > just emailed me offering me 500 MILLION DOLLARS cause his uncle or someone died !!! See ya , off to get my bank account , social security number and everything else he was asking for !!! \ 
I love Nigerian scams :D 
Daniels an asshole 
Friday night , and nothing to do .. 
Hacking should be easier ... :/ People just make it so damn difficult :D 
Whitehurst how about a little A/C in this building ??!! It's hot as HELL in here !!! 
Castle tonight . Finally .. 
The only thing I've learned from both calculus and chemistry so far is how much I don't know about calculus and chemistry . 
A test the day before the last day of the last week before spring break .. What the hell were professors thinking ? Do they enJOY people failing their tests because their suffering from a premature case of spring fever ? 
Failed hard . 
Finally got Ubuntu set up ; it really is a kick-ass operating system . 
Finally back home , I have all of a night before its back to work seeing as how a lot of the professors see spring break as an excuse to kill you with work :/ 
Anyone have a junk laptop they dont use anymore and want to donate/sell to me ? I'm talking Pentium II , windows 95/98 computer . A dinosaur of a computer :) 
God damn minecraft .. 
And that's the way the cookie crumbles . 
$80 speakers for $11 :D 
It could not be more perfect outside today ... Wish the bus ride to the beach wasn't over an hour long or I'd be there . 
So apparently tonights full < PROPFEMALE > will be where the < PROPFEMALE > is closest to earth for all of 2011 
I hate arrays ... 
The world is ending ; I have an American engineering professor .. I can understand him ! ( absolutely no racism intended ! ) 
Freaking solder fumes ................ 
Hell week begins ... 
One of the few productive nights this semester ! My work-list list now looks pretty much impossible to accomplish instead of strait impossible . 
Hmm , there was literally a whole layer of dust on my Chemistry textbook .. Should have remembered about that earlier .. 
Honest question ; is it worth studying for a test you know your going to fail anyways ? 
Going to the movies at 3:00 if anyone wants to come with ? 
Your messing with my Zen thing , man 
Fried an xbox mobo ... Damn . 
