2010 New Years Resolution !!! Not one missed Jspot !!! 

Ok , so one of my christmas gifts was a USB Hub in the shape of a mouse , and when it is pluged in , its eye light up with a bright green light , and when I walk into my room all I see is two bright green lights staring at me . IT FREAKING THE FUCK OUT OF ME , MAN !!! 
Wants to thank everyone who came and supported Scarcity , and thanks to my cast for making this , my first big show at UB , one of the greatest experiences of my life . 
Just got back from the flash rave , it was fun . 
Ok so a whole day without swearing , it can't be too hard ........ I mean there are people who do it right ?........ right ? 
I should be studying ... 
Last test , HERE I COME !!!! 
An early morning drive home !!!! 
The best weapon is one you don't have to use , I respectfully disagree , I believe that the best weapon is one you only have to use once . 
It is now time for the Festivus airing of grievances . Please leave a comment about all the problems you've had with me this year , and I'll write the problems I've had with you on your wall . 
All that I want is you under my tree , with just stockings on , mistletoe hanging over me . 
Great party last night . Now to remember it . 
Ok so my home internet sucks donkey , and my grand Jspot return is gonna have to wait until I can find a good interweb source ..... 
Back at Buffalo !!!! 
Hey does anyone out here in Buffalo want me to cook for them ? send me a txt and be willing to come to my dorm when its ready . 
Roses are red Violets are blue Fuck you whore ! 
Oh my GOD !!! Jspot episode 25 comes out this weekend !!! Quarter of the way to 100 folks !!! Hope you're listening !!! 
Is anyone else annoyed by the fact that most old comedies revolves around mistaken identities ? I barely liked it when the Greeks and Romans did it ! How long must this terrible comic idea plague us ? 
As much as I love getting all hot and sweaty in systems of movement , I think we should have the class Systems of Sitting Down and Having a Sandwich . 
Class , lunch and then I finally get Mass Effect 2 . 
I wish I was back at my dorm room playing Mass Effect 2 
Ok , so my legs still hurt from systems of movement yesterday , one would think that this would inspire me to start working out more so when I do do physical activities for long periods of time I won't feel like this again , instead I'm having a bed day .... 
It's DOPPLEGANGER WEEK ! Here you get to change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor / musician / athelete / celebrity ) you have been told you look like for the week . Copy and paste this to your status 
Oh Buffalo , you truly are the Hoth of New York . 
Today marks the first time in my life where I actually thought that someone might have poisoned my ketchup . Note to self go get a new bottle of ketchup . 
Just cut together Ep 26 of the Jspot , hope you'll all give it a listen when it drops in the feed tomorrow ! 
Went to the library to be alone and do work , umm fail much ! 
\I couldn't find the < PROPMALE > Brothers ' album at the Virgin Megastore . \ " - < PROPMALE > Burnham " 
Just realized I'm probably the most pathetic person on the planet ........ nice ... 
needs motivation ..... 
Wow , 1130 in the library , and I'm not sure if it was a productive night or not , but it was sure fun . 
Dreaming of you dreaming of me . Maybe sometime it will be true . Yeah right .... 
Listen close to everybody's heart , and hear that breaking sound , hopes and dreams are shattering apart , and crashing to the ground . 
Is thinking about joining < PROPFIRST > Smiths Forum , but I'm cheap and don't want to pay the $2 entrance fee . Not sure if its cause I'm cheap or because I don't want to pay to be in a forum .... 
What happened to free time ? I have none until thursday night , where I can start playing ME2 again ... 
\You can't tell what an article is about from the title . \ " Well then whats the fucking point of the title !?!?! " 
Now i know people change , And sometimes that's good , But some people don't , When maybe they should , But right now that don't help me , I might just throw up , Cuz it sure does feel shitty , When things get pretty fucked up ( Listening to some old UC Radios and dug this song up , and now I can't stop listening to it ... ) 
Was going to go to sleep at a normal time , but then I went on a utube < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > marathon and now its 4 o'clock ..... damn ..... 
Cut together Jspot 27 , should be on the feed sometime tomorrow , hope you'll give it a listen ! 
Really don't wanna deal with this next class , ugh ! Oh well afterwards its playwriting , which is always fun , then I have a huge break before my rehearsal where I get to sit around and pinch butts ! 
Went right from Celebrity Look Alike Week to Video Game Character Month . I wonder how long it will be until I have a profile pic of myself again ? Ever ? 
Is it possible to have a midlife crisis at 20 ? 
Christ , haven't felt like this much of a loser in a long time .... 
Hey anyone wanna come over and have some pulled pork sandwiches so I don't have to eat alone but I can still cook ? 
About to record a special Valentines Day Jspot , hope you'll all give it a listen when I drop it into the feed tomorrow . 
I'm a bastard after all , He's a bastard after all , she's a bastard after all , we're all bastards after all !!! 
Nothing says Valentines Day more than a TV show where every romantic relationship ends in tears or blood . Plus the hott girls kicking evils ass doesn't hurt either . 
Made it through Valentines Day alive , now I have to deal with the fact that I'm 20 !!! Oh god ...... 
Ugh , worst Bday , not that nothing bad happened , just that nothing happened . 
New Yoga pose . Sitting Fatass , first we get a comfy chair , now get a sandwich , sit in chair and ear sandwich , now don't for get to breathe . 
Anyone know whats up in Lockwood ? I'm curious , and kinda scared ..... 
Can't wait to not pay attention through another Geo class . 
Crazy day , alot of really nice ups and a few harsh downs . Rehearsal all day tomorrow , its gonna be rough ..... 
I have never been so openly insulted in my life . 
* sigh * this essay is not getting done .... can I get some motivation that doesn't involve violence people ? 
Does anyone else start thinking in the voice of random characters ? It doesn't bother me except that my mind sounds like Caboose from Red vs Blue , which kinda worries me ..... 
You know you wanna keep me unproductive , so ask me a question ! http://www.formspring.me/KoolKomedian 
Just lived through a Mr. Bean skit ... 
\She frosted me like a cake ! \"" 
Ask me a question . I know you want to http://www.formspring.me/KoolKomedian 
Done with school , and on vacation ! 
A fight just went down on in my hallway . I will never understand why people fight , I guess I'm just so non < PROPFEMALE > male that I just try to avoid conflict . 
HOME ! Off to see my old tennis instructor < PROPFEMALE > sing < PROPMALE > Collins . Should be interesting .... 
Anyone in the Saratoga area wanna come over tomorrow for a small < PROPFIRST > get together ? 
Just got back from two really good movies . Granted compared to both directors ' body of work both movies were kind of subpar , but since they're two great directors the movies were really good . 
Why is Mevio acting up ? Does anyone else have a problem with it ? I so hope this episode of the Jspot gets up like it should ....... 
Ugh . Jspot 31 wasn't posted . Thanks for nothing , Mevio ! 
Just wants to apologize to everyone now , there will be no Jspot this weekend , instead you will get two next monday . Unfortunately being home also means not having a good connection to the internet . There for I can't upload an episode to the feed this week . I'm sorry . 
Just finished watching Worlds Greatest Dad , not sure how I feel but I know it was one of the greatest movies I've ever seen . 
Back at UB !!! 
Whole Jspot down the drain ! Damn you garage band ! DAMN YOU !!!! 
Top of the mornin ' to you all ! Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day , the day when EVERYBODY's < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Tried chat roulette for the first time today , still not sure what I think ..... 
Just saw the Vagina Monologues , great job tonight ladies . Also the girl who did the Bikini bit , call me ! 
Ok listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is making me want to dance , which is not good here in Capen Library , they guy in the computer stall next to me keeps giving me weird looks ... 
I want a < PROPFEMALE > little Frocobo !!! 
Is thinking about starting a blog as a sort of side notes to the Jspot as well as a few things that don't make it on air . 
Is doing it . I'm finally creating a blog . More info on the Jstring will be released in the near future . Expect posts every friday . 
Just had a great chat roulette convo with three lovely ladies from New Orleans . It was also probably the longest chat roulette convo ever lasting for more than 2 minuets . 
Just read a few articles in the spectrum and was about to charge down its office . Then I read hat it was a fake April Fools day issue . Then I also saw the email address . Didyoureallygetthisfar @spectrum . Well played Spectrum , well played . 
Counseling my roommate ... poor dude ... 
Not sure if I enjoyed my April Fools day joke . Need to think of a better more sadistic one for next year . 
Just learned something shocking , and I can't believe I didn't see this until now ... 
Is having easter late . and at half price 
BE BRAVE ... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Dumb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Beautiful . 16 : Cute . 17 : Generous . 18 : Smart Ass 
Having fun playing pranks on chatroulette , think I saw a few people I know . Though all they saw was a feed from a porn site . 
I have way to much fun on chat roulette !!! 
I have way to many things on my mind ... 
Feels like I should be helping someone become a hero .... 
Its official . my macbook needs a new battery . 
\I never want to be a member of a club that would have someone like me as a member . \ " -Woody Allen/Groucho Marx/Sigmund Freud " 
There's nothing like going 2 the mall to realize that there really are more pathetic people out there than u 
Just started Breaking Bad season 2 , shit I'm not gonna start my homework tonight am I ? 
Practicing my monologue for audition where I yell through out most of it . Wonder how long it will be until someone comes to see if I'm alright in here .... 
You are not a real theatre < PROPMALE > unless you've had an RA called on you rehearsing . 
Life , why must you come and kick me in the testicles ? 
Watching Breaking Bad , and if it wasn't for the fact that the whole business is filled with psychotic loons , I would definitely think about learning some chemistry and cooking meth ! 
New Jstring is out ! Check it out and tell me what you think ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Just realized I left out a don't in the final sentence of my blog . This changed the whole meaning of the sentence . * Sigh * Need to proof read these things , luckily its fixable , and is fixed . PS . Go read the fixed version now ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Just had a dream that < PROPFEMALE > Streep was coming to HMT to do a female version of the producers . Awesome much ? 
I've just learned never to fall in love . It’s a waste of time . 
< PROPFIRST > Grecco thinks that I should be the next Oprah . Anyone else share this opinion ? 
Why is it that the only musical artist that really stirs me emotionally is Meatloaf ? 
I just wanna say I love being a character actor ! 
Just wrote a new blog , please check it out when it gets posted on Friday ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Ok now I'm two weeks ahead of schedule on my blog posts . Yay me ! Now if only I can be like that with school work . 
Ok I need a team for that scavenger hunt . Anyone have an opening in their team ? 
is extremely nervous for his scene in audition tomorrow . I guess this had to come eventually , I should be surprised it took me this long to get a piece like this . PS , no its not the gay part I'm nervous about . 
Every time a couple breaks up , an angel gets its wings . 
Hey everybody , new Jstring is up today , check it out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Hey everybody ! Come see my play , yes my play I actually wrote it , at 330 in Alumni Arena , room 190 . It will be awesome and fun , and above all its FREE !!! So come see it and all the other plays that the people in Playwrighting Workshop . 
The guy sitting across from me on the bus has all of his fingers in bandages n all I can think of is that mayb he has a hungry plant . 
Hey , anyone in the buffalo area around to record a podcast with me ? I need one for this week . 
Hey , if you missed my blog that went up yesterday . Check it out now ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Can I be someone else now ? 
Hey everybody ! New Blog is up ! Check it out if you want some awesome in your life . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Hey everybody , did you check out my new blog today ? http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
is wondering if you have read my new blog today , and if you are fed up with my constant promotion . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Holy SHIT ! < PROPMALE > Henderson was just nominated for a < PROPFIRST > !!! GO < PROPMALE > !!! 
Ok , I apologize now for anyone I bombard with excitement today . But honestly can you blame me ? I was directed by a < PROPFIRST > nominated actor !!! 
Just had a belated birthday cake with my cohost and roommate Jio for the Jspot , now one year old ! 
Is bak in the 518 ! Alright , who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? Let's make plans ! 
I know I'm plugging this a day late , but you should all check my blog ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Don't forget to check out my blog ! There was a new post yesterday that I forgot to plug all day , so I'm plugging it now . Go check it out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
As much as I love having a podcast , putting the show in the feed can be a bitch sometimes ... 
Well I can see this is going to be a long summer for the Jspot . * Defeated Sigh * 
Hey while you're waiting for today's Jspot check out today's Jstring ! My first review on the Jstring . Tell me what you think after you read ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Alright , now you can check out today's Jspot at http://jspotmeviocom.mevio.com/\ 
Then go over to the Jstring and read today's blog ! \ 
http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Hey , did you check out my review of Iron Man 2 that I posted yesterday ? http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Hey everybody ! Check out my new blog today !!! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
If you missed yesterday's Jstring , and I can tell most of you did . Check it out now ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Anyone wanna go see the HMT Youth Conservatory tonight ? I owe way to much to that program to not see their shows . 
Hey , did you see my blog yesterday ? I doubt it . So go check it out now ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Some more shameless self promotion brought to you by : http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
About to go see Beo ... I mean < PROPFIRST > Hood . Come on its Russle Crowe with a bow and arrow , so Beowolf . BTW , check out my review of it on monday at http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ and check out my latest blog posts now ! 
Just had a mental/emotional break down on the car ride home tonight . Not sure if I want to talk about it , but I'm gonna just try to go to sleep ... 
Just wrote a lengthy review of the new < PROPFIRST > Hood movie . ( Yes I'm done with the Beowolf joke ) Check it out at my blog tomorrow . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Descending deeper and deeper into a pit of insanity . Yep I'm an actor ... 
Hey there everybody ! Check out my new blog post ! Its about Beo ... I mean < PROPFIRST > Hood ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Well thank you lost , now I have to clean up all those bricks I just shit ! 
Its sad that I'm reading more statuses about Glee than Lost , CAUSE LOST WAS FUCKING AWESOME !!! Come on someone show me some Lost Love people ! 
New Jstring today ! CHECK IT OUT ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Hey ! Did you check out my blog today ? Its pretty darn funny ... awe fuck it I can't stay clean for that long ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
A Wild Blog Plug Appeared . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ Yea sorry today's blog isn't pok'emon related I was just being witty . 
Have you read yesterday's Jstring ? You should have . Its ok though , you should go read it now ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Just cut together episode 40 of the Jspot . Can anyone else not believe it went on for this long ? 
About to see Shrek 4 . So now you know what mondays review will be . 
Lunch , then my old High School's play , then if theres time , the gym , then the SERIES FINALE OF LOST ! 
Its Lost time BITCHES !!! 
Why is it that whatever class I take that I instantly attract the alfa loser ? Seriously this guy is probably worse than any I've had 2 deal w so far ... 
Alright , first plug of the day . Its been out since midnight , but no one has seen it yet . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ My review of Shrek 4 . 
If you missed it yesterday , check out my review of Shrek 4 . And hit up the blog tomorrow for part two of my < PROPFEMALE > Tale Week , for my opinion of Princesses . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Ok I want everyone to check out tomorrow's blog . Its important , and probably one of my best . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ I'll remind you again tomorrow , but try to remember to read it . 
Holy cow ! I got a metric ass ton of comments on my blog today ! I love all my readers so much right now ! 
Someone visit my blog now ! I need to break my all time record of most views in a day !!! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
BROKE THE RECORD !!! Can we go higher though ? http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
For the conclusion to my < PROPFEMALE > blog check it out today ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Fuck you library ! Of course on the day where I have plans you fuck me over with internet connection even shittier than my house ! FUCK YOU !!!! Oh well off to party tonight ! Whooo ! 
Hey everybody , my review of < PROPMALE > of Persia is now out on my blog , check it out folks ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
DAMN !!! New < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim trailer looks EPIC !!! But until it comes out in August , we got a bunch of other movies to review . Check out my review of < PROPMALE > of Persia ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
The Jstring blog , I see bad movies so you don't have to . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ This week , < PROPMALE > of Persia . 
Hey , new Jstring out . Today's blog is about Video game Movies ! Check it out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
New Jstring came out today . Check it out . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
If you like this statues I will post something on your wall that I like about you . 
Mormons .... ugh .... http://trailers.apple.com/trailers/independent/8themormonproposition/ 
Just cut together the first Jspot promo , expect it to come down the feed in the near future . 
Off to Kings of < PROPFIRST > . Is it wrong that part of me wishes that these guys were dressed up as FFVIII characters ? 
New blog out today ! Review of Get Him to the Greek ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Don't forget to check out todays movie review . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Made off like a bandit tonight . BTW check out todays blog . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
New Jspot everyone ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
New blog today . Topic is music ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Its getting bad people . I'm starting to get jealous of the little cartoons in text books ... I'm lonely ... 
Hey all ! Check out todays blog ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
So I'm sitting here , thinking that people should be reading my blog right about now . Yea you should . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
So my car just reached 100,000 < PROPMALE > . Its kinda really cool . 
If 1 more person comes up to me and says “I remember when you when you were that little . ” I will pop them in the face . I hate family gatherings . 
So in my hotel is an Indian Wedding , and its like a rave . while checking in I kept waiting for someone to walk out with glow sticks 
If you are not watching the TONYS RIGHT NOW !!! You should be slapped . Support my teacher and director < PROPFIRST > Henderson ! GOOOOO < PROPMALE > !!! 
Sad that < PROPMALE > didn't get his award , but its always fun to watch the < PROPFIRST>'s . At least I'll get to see him live in two weeks ! 
Hey , check out today's review of the A-Team . And if you don't , well , I Pity the Foo ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
New blog up today . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
New blog today . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Jstring . Check it out . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Hey everyone who still hasn't blocked my statuses . The Jstring will be going to a twice a week schedule . At least until my summer classes are over . So don't expect any more friday blogs for 4 or 5 weeks . 
A quick mini review of Toy Story 3 . YOU MUST SEE THIS MOVIE ASAP !!! I cannot stress this enough ! SEE THIS MOVIE !!! 
My review of Toy Story 3 is now up . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ Go check it out . 
Hey , everybody ! Check out my review of Toy Story 3 today . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Wow . I wish I was doing something productive right now . Instead of sitting in this pointless summer class 
Just wrote an important blog for tomorrow . Don't forget to check in out in about an hour ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
New Blog up today . Check it out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Important blog today . CHECK IT OUT ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Why is it that American teen dramas bore me to death , but I love teen dramas from every other country ? This is getting kinda weird for me ... 
I'm not talking to myself . I'm talking to the other voices in my head ! 
Just finished watching the Invention of Lying , and oh my god was it good ! If you love quirky comedies who will go there , there being where you don't think a movie will ever go , you must see this movie !!! 
Dear Wordpress , give me an easy way to get in touch with bloggers who have blog faded so I can have there url names so I can keep the name of my podcast in my upcoming change over ! 
Just got back from Grown Ups and I'm gonna tell ya . I didn't hate it . See full review on monday !!! 
Off to see Fences tonight ! Can't wait to see < PROPMALE > again !!! 
New review up . Check it out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
New review up today . Check it out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
New review up today . Grown Ups . Check it out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
New blog up about other blogs . Its interesting and I hope you like it . CHECK IT OUT ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Just saw Fences on Bway . It was one of the best shows I've seen on Bway ! Great job < PROPMALE > ! 
Just had my first inter action with Jehovah's Witnesses . I didn't know they were real . They came to my door and everything . It was weird . 
Just finished , for the first time ever , a Final Fantasy game in the main series . Feeling pretty proud right now ! 
Seeing Last Airbednder tonight . Hopin its not as bad as the reviewers say it is . 
If you thought I was a fanatic before . Just wait until Wednesdays blog on Twilight ! Seriously EVERYONE should read this when its posted . Its the first blog I'm actually doing research for . 
Just finished writing my blog about Twilight . Its not a review , but just some thoughts on the subject . If anyone would like an early link to the blog please get in touch I would love some feed back on this before it goes up Wednesday . 
Just blasted through 3 blogs . Whoa , am I tired ... 
Check out my review on Avatar the Last Airbender . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Don't forget to read my review of The Last Airbender today on the Jstring . 
Probably one of my most important blogs ever written . This is one you NEED to check out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Extremely important blog today . Check it out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Also if you were wondering , today's blog is the blog I wrote about my thoughts on the Twilight series . Its not a review , and I don't attack its story , but I do talk about the messages Twilight sends to people who watch/read it . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
You know you want to read about my hatred of the evil mormon spawn that is Twilight . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Still haven't checked out todays new blog ? Shame on you ! Do it now ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Just introduce my parents to < PROPMALE > , and I'm talking about the one with the set of knives not the one with the lab . 
I feel like I should be ashamed of how much of a pervert I am , but I just don't care . 
New movies review up today ! Predators !!! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Hey did you know there was a new review posted today ? You should read it . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Just heard a really kick ass cover of the Toy Story theme song \You Got a Friend in Me\ " . MUST FIND THIS COVER !!! " 
Did you miss todays review of Predators ? Don't worry its still there . Check it out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
I've written more today in class than I've written all summer . I might have that play done before I go back to UB !!! 
Feels kinda bad that when I keep hearing about Steinbrenner , I keep thinking about < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > playing him on Seinfeld ... anyone else want a Calzone ? 
Play \Tenth Times the Charm\ " is now 7 pages and 1600 words long !!! YAY stealing from old work !!! " 
Very short blog today . Check it out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Short and sweet blog today . Check it out if you want my thoughts on the Predator Franchise . And yes I spelt it right in this blog post . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Just had an awesome dream that I had a new Black Lab puppy ! I wish I could have stayed in that dream longer ... miss my puppy ... 
Ugh . I just started watching Nip Tuck , great show , but SOOOOOO fucking GROSS ! 
Extremely important blog now live !!! Its about fucking shity cunts and cocksuckers ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
So after nearly 2 days of no internet at my house I finally have it back !!! Now back to promoting my blog !!! CHECK IT OUT !!! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Just finished writing my review of Inception . Check it out on the Jstring later . 
I Dreamed of Inception would have been such a better title ! Still read my review of Inception ... http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
It is way too fucking early to be awake ... 
Currently filming a movie ! I need sleep ... 
Short blog today . Doesn't mean you shouldn't read it though ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Working on the new blog site . Gotta make this pretty for episode 50 !!! 
If there are any graphic designer friends who want to help me out with a few things on my shiny new website , please get in touch . Could use a bit of help ... 
So if I don't tell you about the new blog , you don't check it out . I see how it is readers ... I see how it is . NEW REVIEW OUT !!! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Feels like randomly messaging someone who I'm friends with on FB but who I haven't talked to in years . Ok , CHALLENGE , if 10 separate people comment on this I'll randomly talk to someone I haven't talked to in years . I love turning things into games . 
Finally has a non crappy internet in my house . YAY !!! By the way , check the blog . Short post today . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Hey if you missed my review yesterday , check it out today ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ Now I gotta go have fun in Canadia ! 
Wow , all the recent comments on my blog have been spam ... Can I get some blog comment love people ? 
vs . The World ! 
Hey there everyone . Check out my new review of The Other Guys ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Is it just me or are there alot more spammers on facebook these days ? BTW check the blog ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Starting to write more of his script ... starting at 1700 words . Lets see how far I get tonight !!! 
Up to 2489 . Not bad . Kinda wish I got more done , but its getting late and I'm getting a little tired . Also , new blog is up , CHECK IT OUT !!! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Precious Little Life ! 
& the Infinite Sadness . 
Gets it Together ! 
vs . The Universe ! 
Finest Hour ! 
Sooooooooooooooooooo ... < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim was FUCKING AWESOME !!!! Also , new blog up today . Check it out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Just got a new battery for my computer , I can now take it off the power cord for more than 10 minutes now !!! Nice having a real laptop again . By the way check out my blog on drugs . Since you're reading something that you really don't care about(this status ) go read something really thought provoking ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Its 4:20 somewhere . Check it out ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
My review of < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs The World . CHECK IT OUT !!! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
< PROPFIRST > PILGRIM !!! CHECK IT OUT !!! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim again . Meanwhile , you should be reading my review of the movie ! Or go and see the movie , but read my review first ... or after . Just read the review dammnit !!! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Just wrote a long ranty blog about current events in this nation . I hope you'll check it out tomorrow . 
Wants to say something witty , but instead will just tell you to read my blog . http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Three words . CHECK IT OUT ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
If you missed todays overly passionate and ranty blog . Check it out now ! http://thejstring.wordpress.com/ 
Off to see KISS tonight !!! 
I'm going to Rock and Roll All Night , and Party Every DAY ! 
The day of packing is upon me . Wish me luck dear friends . 
Got up at 7AM today , on my own , no alarm , and its kinda freaking me out !!! I never get up before noon with out an alarm . Anyway , off to Buffalo !!! 
Hey can anyone tell me the exact date of semester auditions ? 
Why is it so hot !?!?!?! 
... so that call back was really disheartening ... 
Hey , can anyone tell me if and when Rumors callbacks are posted ? 
Can't sleep ... the voices in my head wont shut up ... 
Really doesn't want to go to class ... 
Ok , now I need to find some other acting outlets , otherwise I'll go insane . 
Hates it when I'm stuck in line in front of two idiots babbling about nothing . I was ready to puncture my ear drum by the time I got to the front of the line . 
All I have to say is , \Goodnight Everybody ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DgWFKqthYs&feature=grec_index " 
About to hit up Target and Best Buy , if anyone wants to come , send me a txt . 
Just started watching the Sopranos .... damn I'm only a quarter Italian and I'm already relating to this show half and episode in . 
Just need to make it until 200 . Then the fun begins ! 
Just another two hours until crazy happy fun time !!! 
I finally beat FF7 for the first time , I now allow myself to jump head first into Birth By Sleep before my next class ! 
Does anyone else find it weird that Republicans say that Obama is Hitler , yet they're the ones who are burning books and forcing certain races to < PROPFEMALE > papers ? 
Final < PROPFEMALE > count for my play . 30 < PROPFEMALE > s . Wow . 
Needs sleep ..... 
Is finally going to bed ... 
should be working ... 
Rewatched an old episode of < PROPFEMALE > and is once again reminded why Joss Whedon is God . 
Attempting to piece together episode 50 ... 
So apparently there are such things as Video Game Bars . So hitting up one of the ones in NYC this summer !!! 
Needs a nap ... 
Needs to focus on work .... Facebook not helping .... 
Starting off the day with no hot water , WTF !!!? 
hey can anyone give me the UB hub address , I lost it when I updated my compy ? 
Work work work ..... 
2 things I really enjoy , people I don't talk to on a daily basis coming up to me and saying that they read my blog or listen to my show , and finding people I haven't seen in years on Fb , both things happened today , YAY ! 
Schadenfreude guilt is this worst kind of guilt , mostly because you feel good about it , then you feel guilty about feeling good , its a vicious cycle . 
Just figured out I'm not the devil . Apparently I was just reading my underwear wrong . It said Satin . 
She still thinks there’s an end to a rainbow . Meanwhile I just enjoy the sight of it while its still there . 
Is it weird that a class gets more interesting every time the teacher used the word \rigid \"?" 
\The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist . \ " Really want to watch this movie again . " 
\The last man on Earth sat alone in a room ; there was a knock on the door . \"" 
Just had a dream where I met < PROPFEMALE > Day . It was awesome . 
Anyone else feel that we should have today off in celebration of < PROPMALE > discovering < PROPFEMALE > from those other people ? 
Someone really needs to make a car that can drive itself so I don't have to find rides to places I want to get drunk at . 
Wow , texted way too many people last night ... 
Really should not be awake right now ... 
\I'm in pain ... I think this is what pain feels like ! \"" 
Really wants to wear purple today , but alas owns no purple clothing . 
Forgot to wear my rings today , and now my fingers feel really weird ... 
Its just a jump to the left , 
Ugh , can't sleep .... 
Apparently I should no longer drink Coke . The caffeine kept me up until 8am . 
Today is a day for shit to get done . 
Staying sane inside of insanity . 
Its a good day folks , a damn good day . 
I have no UB card , therefore no money , therefore no food . FML !!! 
Fuck its NANOWRIMO !!!! 
Going to the gym , doing my Lab write up , doing my NANOWRIMO word quota , and the Ill let myself read comicbooks . 
\Suddenly nothing happened . \ " My life . " 
I love how so many people jumped onto the make an old joke event . There are people on there that I dont even know !!! 
Really wants something sweet from the < PROPFEMALE > , but that would mean putting pants on ... decisions decisions ... 
I'm going to try an experiment this week . I'm going to try and go the whole week without using any self-depricating humor . So if I appear to be more quiet than usual , its not because somethings wrong , its because I have nothing positive to say about me . 
Soft Kitty , \ 
Warm Kitty , \ 
Little Ball of Fur , \ 
Happy Kitty , \ 
Sleepy Kitty , \ 
Pur Pur Pur . 
Now that I'm here , time to unpack ! 
Just imagine I wrote something funny here . 
\ ... and don't call me Shirley . \ " RIP " 
Tomorrow , in Alumni 190 , Tenth Times the Charm , written and directed by me , JR Poklemba . Come and see my staged reading of my longest play yet !!! 
Tomorrow , in Alumni 190 , at 1:00 , Tenth Times the Charm , written and directed by me , JR Poklemba . Come and see my staged reading of my longest play yet !!! \ 
Edit : Thank you Christian for pointing this out !!! 
Remember everyone , 1:00 , Alumni Arena , Room 190 , my show , Tenth Times the Charm . It's Free , It's Funny , so be there !!! 
Really need to focus less on Facebook and more on sides .... not working ... 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday(Dec 6 ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion ofmemories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . Post this ! :) 
Not looking forward to changing my profile pic back to me . So instead I'll take suggestions on who else to change it to . The best suggestion wins . 
Changing my profile pic today . So I'm making a little contest out of it . The best suggestion on my statuses wins . So far we have , Captain Hammer , Kaz , and Frank-N-Furter . 
Changing my profile pic at the end of the day , and letting you guys decide . The most interesting suggestion wins . So far we have Captain Hammer , Kaz , Frank-N-Furter , and < PROPFIRST > Bravo . So what else do you guys suggest ? 
And these are not the Hammer . 
Go ahead people send me < PROPFIRST > in a message and ill write how I feel about you on my wall . 
Send me a message with a number , and I'll post a status of what I really think of you ! 
6 . With all the friends that I'm really close with you've known me the longest . Which is why it gets weird whenever people say that we're going to get married , since you're like my sister . Also no matter how much we tease each other its nice to know that we both matter in each other's lives . Hope you're doing well , and don't forget to make him wrap it up . 
33.3 . First of all , thank you so much for the poster for my podcast . I still use that for promotional purposes . Other than that I honestly think you're a really awesome person . I wish that we still talked as much as we used to , but I understand how people can get pulled apart by time . I miss you , and hope you're doing well . 
I typed Poklemba into wikipedia and the first thing that pops up is \Did you mean Pokemon ? \"" 
222 . First off if you don't already know what I think about you , you're a little slow . Which I know you're not since I kept calling you a robot all of senior year . Though you are insecure and shy , you are still awesome and fun , and if you had more confidence you would be great . I know that you will succeed in life , and I hope that Albany is as great for you as you say it is . 
614 . You're racist , sexist , homophobic , offenisive , and an all around terrible person , but in rare moments your actual humanity shines through . So even though sometimes I want to smother you with a pillow , you are actually one of my closest friends at college . Also we need to get drunk again before I leave . 
1729 . Honestly , you are so smart that its almost scary sometimes , but then you are one of the nicest people I've ever met . Socially awkward yes , but still a great guy . I miss hearing from you , and I'm still curious as to why you wanted to go to Arizona . Way to far for me , not to mention my fear of southern people . Hope all is well with you , and hit me up over break and we can grab lunch or something . 
117 . You are awesome , and don't fucking forget it . Never let anyone make you feel bad about yourself or stress you out . You need to realise that things will get better , and that just because you may not succeed at first does not mean that you should ever give up . That is the biggest flaw that I see in you . That you give up on things way to easily . Learn to rise above that and never let anything stop you . 
222222 . I haven't talked to you in a while , so its hard to really say anything . Your a chill dude , and I like that about you . A bit socially awkward , but who isn't now a days . Stay classy , and shoot me a message about how the college search is going . 
Elevendy billion . You're an idiot , but I miss you . I get home the 18th , and am around until January . So if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out . There is your window . So I better see you soon . 
BILLION ! Dude , what can I say other than you are awesomely chill . I love hanging out with you , and we need to go see more movies . Also , you need to cast me more , I'm always looking for work . 
24 . Dude , follow the rules . Your cool , but don't make me lay the smack down . I haven't really talked to you in forever , so I'm not completely sure what else to say other than stay cool and be mighty . 
17 . Though I may act like your only purpose is so that you can < PROPFEMALE > around your great tits . I actually do like you as a person . You were my first friend and crush at SCC , which means alot . Hope you're doing well and I'll probably see you this summer . And I want you to know that if you ever decide to start a carreer in porn , I would love to be your first photographer . Haha , jk , but seriously could I get a picture ? 
What kind of evil bastard schedules a theatre final all the way down in the NSC !?!? I feel uncomfortable just walking past the Union ... 
There is a Sex Bob-Omb playlist on Pandora , just reveling in this awesomeness . 
Starting up the blog machine again , hope you guys are ready . 
Restin at home , just got all my crap out of the car , now to just bring it upstairs ... 
Searchin for podsafe music for the DJR Christmas Special . 
Just fulfilled my Christmas tradition of wrapping presents and watching Love Actually . Now to not sleep for 8 hours until I'm aloud to wake everyone else in the house up for presents . God I'm still a kid ... 
Playin with the new iPad ! 
Tron Legacy . Good not great . Need to get the soundtrack though . 
Jspotpodcast.com New Blog up today ! 
The Dude Abides ! 
I'm bored so why not play a little game today . \ 
POKE ] me if you've ever had a crush on me or still do . \ 
[ LIKE ] this status if you think I'm a good friend . \ 
[ MESSAGE ] me if you ever wanted a relationship with me . \ 
[ COMMENT ] on this if we have had good memories . \ 
[ COPY & PASTE TO YOUR STATUS ] if you're brave 
Please someone tell me that I'm not the only person shitting his pants about all these birds randomly dying around the world in mid-flight due to no foreseeable reasons . Cause I am freaking the fuck out ! 
Ever want to leave a really witty and funny quote , but can't think of a good one ? Yea ... 
So my interview in the city was canceled wednesday , and I'm gonna be staying in the area . So does anyone wanna come over wednesday and have a movie marathon with eggnog and hot coco ? 
\ Mr. Sandman 
On the incredibly long list of movies I need to see I plan on knocking out a few of them tomorrow . Anyone feel like adding to my lists of movies I need to see ? 
Well hello Buffalo , I missed you . 
\What's a good thing for if not for taking it to excess ? \"" 
I'm too pathetic to get it , to nice to take it . 
Taking the day off from my everyday life . 
Off to pick up my awesome ex roomie ! Then to have some of the best Japanese food in Buffalo ! A fun week after a bitter weekend ! 
Hey , anyone want a free ticket to < PROPMALE > thursday ? 
I have a dangerous mind . 
Of course Archer comes back the same night that I have tickets to go watch the Govenator ... choices choices ... 
is the Govenator's choice !!!!! 
Ever want to find someone on facebook , and not know her name ? 
Ok , hopefully I can keep that soup down ... 
I'm afraid of whats going to come out of my ass next . Could be solid , could be liquid , could be mud , could be a bird . I just don't want to know what's going to come out next . 
Really wish I knew why I was so into foreign teen dramas ... 
It's the little victories that matter . 
People get snow days ? * Looks outside . Sees Hoth . * I don't believe you ... 
Well it looks like I put my foot in my mouth with my previously status , no skool 2morro ... 
What the hell UB !? My name is not < PROPFIRST > ! 
My face feels lighter ! 
Shit , I've started bringing \clicks\ " into my daily life ... Damn you mime ... " 
Loves that feeling of just having watched a great movie for the first time . 
I'm still flyin , and thats enough . 
Who's playing in the super bowl again ? As the one football game a year that I watch I wouldn't mind know who was interrupting all the commercials . 
Can we get one person to sing the national anthem without trying to jazz it up ? You sing it right , the song works for itself folks . 
The Black Eyed Tron Peas . 
See the Black Eyed Peas are a great example of a band that is great , but because of the fact that their great sound requires post production they will never be great live . 
Nice game boys , nice game . Now to write a blog on my feelings about the Superbowl and football in general . 
Whats this , a new Jspot ? Its been so long ! Where can I find it ? iTunes ? Just search Jspot ? Its just to easy I'll do it now ! 
Just finished the real ending of < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer , much more depressing than the TV version , and Just found out Shepard Book's real backstory . Not sure if I could handle any more Joss today . All hail the Whedon ! 
Gonna start tryin to go to the gym today . Please send some words of encouragement ! 
Dear Asain cunts in the library , \ 
It is NOT ok for you play tetris with your friends on facebook when there are people waiting in line to get on a computer to do work ! \ 
Thank you , \ 
JR , aka guy who needs to print a shit ton of stuff for my next class . \ 
\ 
( And for anyone saying that I'm doing the same thing , no , no one is waiting for a computer right now . There were about 5 when I got here . ) 
Kinda depressed today , my dream last night was to wonderful to come back to real life ... 
Is gonna try this again this year ... Not too positive about it ... 
Why is it that when I'm feeling romantic I listen to meatloaf ? 
Why is it that I keep having dreams that I remember this many days in a row ? It's weirdin me out ! 
Ugh , just need to make it through today ... 
Anyone even mentions Valentines Day to me is getting stabbed . 
\I personally feel that fisting should be know as uppercunting . \"" 
I can do this legally now !!! * Starts guzziling down Rum !!! * 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes , both on and off facebook . I hope you all had a good a day as I just did . Peace out ! 
Had a great day yesterday , saving the partying til the weekend , but still a really great day . Also , saki tastes great ! 
And I still have one more class ? FUCK ! 
\If life gives you lemons ... well you probably just found lemons . \"" 
\Women can fake orgasms but men can fake love . \"" 
\Its a sin to live this well \"" 
My weekend was too awesome to go back to school ... 
Facebook is telling me to join a fan < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > of a gay bar in Providence < PROPFEMALE > . So is Facebook telling me to go gay and move to Providence ? 
How come the two most moving movies I saw from last year were animated ? Damn you How to Train Your Dragon for showing me I still have emotion . 
Hey does anyone want my dollar card for Night Music , I can't go , and wouldn't want it to go to waste . 
Only three more days , only three more days , only three more days !!! 
Kinda wants to do some more Photoshop and Illustrator work . Anyone have any cool ideas for projects like this ? 
Finished my 30 day Challenge !!! 
Ugh , can't function right now , but I'm still off to class . 
Something something something , tired , something something something , hate , something something something , need sleep , something something something , battling to stay awake today . 
\We are Sex Bob-Omb !!! \"" 
Sitting next to me is two large black guys talking about the differences between the Japanese and American Power Rangers shows . I love my life sometimes . 
Wantsh a Shpeshial Shoup . 
Todays weigh in : down 14lbs from January . ( Please no good jobs , just some keep goings . I still have over 50lbs more til my goal . ) 
Its good to be home . 
\That's why I don't kiss em on the mouth . \"" 
Anyone in the 518 wanna grab a drink tonight ? I'm < PROPFEMALE > , its St < PROPFEMALE>'s Day , and I need someone over 21 to go and get a drink with ! 
Android bitches ! 
I hate it when cable channels speed up movies when they air in the day time . Completely screws up the fight scenes tempo . 
I miss my car ... 
Stuck on a train for the next few hours . Someone send me a fun text please . 
Happy Birthday Mr. Shatner . Thank you for going where no man has gone before , and for doing that with an easily parodied way of speaking . 
Well I hate to say it , but I was kind of expecting snow ... 
I'm almost certain that the two asian chicks behind me are just making sounds . Cause that can't be a language . 
It may be hard to find an Amish hooker , but if you look hard enough , they are out there . 
Well now that was a pointless floor meeting . 
I'm partying with MTs I feel like something went wrong with my life . 
Just got two burgers from Hubies , when I only ordered one . WIN ..... Until I get food poisoning that is . 
Have not spent enough time in digital worlds this weekend , about to fix this . 
Great night last night , and no hangover . Now ain't that just a big bucket of win ! 
Started watching Mad Men , almost on episode 3 and not all that impressed . Its good , the acting is great , but its not that interesting . 
I wish I could just cast my show and get it over with . It's all I'm going to be thinking about tomorrow . 
So Mad Men failed the three episode test . Great writing , great acting , great everything , but nothing interesting happens . 
Really ? This massively fun weekend has to be over ? Damn ... 
Who's up for a double feature this weekend of Your Highness and < PROPFIRST > ? I seriously want to do this . 
Double feature of < PROPFIRST > and Your Highness saturday afternoon/evening . Who's with me ? 
Shameless . Great fucking show ! 
Was not ready to walk into a student union filled with cos players . 
What I wanted to do tonight , get shitfaced and make inappropriate passes at anyone around me . What I am doing tonight , laundry . Something went wrong here . 
Dear UBConn attendees , if you don't have the body type of the character you're cos playing as please just pick another character . 
Kinda wants to spend the rest of today sitting in my underwear and watching anime . Why didn't I have this feeling last night when thats essentially what I had to do , but do it with laundry ? Ugh my moods ... 
Just got this Words with Friends thing , I am JtotheRnbackagain . Find me I want to try this out . 
Just screamed at the top of my lungs in the elevator , and I'm not sure why . 
\One of the best things in life is realizing you’re perfectly happy without the thing you thought you needed the most . \"" 
Totally look like < PROPMALE > Kaufman right now . Yay , Sideman ! 
Opening night bitches !!! 
May be starting to crush again ... Fuck ... 
A quick batch of laundry before my next show . 
Rehearsal , then another rehearsal , then dinner then my show . Come see Sideman ! 
Anime , check , no pants , check , rum , check . Its gonna be a good night . 
One more performance after last night ? Yea , I think I can do that . 
And I didn't actually lose my keys ? Great night got better ! 
Wow now I have all this free time to do all that work I've been putting off ... FUCK MY LIFE ! I need these two weeks to go fast . 
The beard is coming back everyone . Thanks for those of you who said I looked good with out it . I still disagree with you , but thanks for the complements . 
UB , why the fuck is it that when I need it the most you close the CFA cafe ? 
SNOW !?!?!?! AGAIN !?!?!? FUCK YOU BUFFALO ! FUCK YOU !!!!!! 
Just realized how little time I have to do everything . I am freaking out people !!! 
Really ? They picked me for the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > nomination ? Wow , all right . 
Dear Polish Theatre Classmates , \ 
Please don't be to upset with my 12 < PROPFEMALE > report and my 40 slide long powerpoint presentation . I swear I did not realize how long this was going to be until now . \ 
JR 
Oh my god , they are literally playing quidditch at UB . Its insane . 
Just replayed Portal , and now I want some cake . 
When you feel like there is something missing , and you need something to complete you , you can do one of two things . One , find someone to complete you , or two , be a man and complete yourself . You know which option I'm choosing . 
Rehearsal , Play Reports , Laundry , and maybe a bit of Dragon Age if I can sneak it in . This is my day , nothing excited , but very needed . 
Doing laundry for the rest of the night . Need to at least get it down to the level where it doesn't stink up the whole room , so Jio doesn't kill me when he gets back monday . * Looks at the pile of dirty clothes bigger than himself . * Sigh , I need to do this more often ... 
Really just 16 days and I'm a senior ? Fuck ! 
Work , work , work ... 
Finished my play reports . All my work is still on schedule , tomorrow starts my improv work . Full steam ahead folks ! 
\Mercutio ain't no fag ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > Ferraro " 
Five classes , two papers , and a video project left before my semester is over . Not sure if I should be happy or sad about this . 
Mime Presentation at 1 . Directing Play at 430 . Come see both ! 
Fuck you , and fuck her too . 
Ok , now to do those last two papers for the semester . 
Went to the < PROPFEMALE > to grab some Gatorade before I start these papers , and I got caught in the elevator . The elevator becomes a pretty freaky place when you're not sure when its gonna open . 
How do you compare improv concepts with a scripted play ? Does anyone wanna help me out on this one ? 
Well , took us nearly 10 years , but we finally got the guy . Does this mean my two essays aren't due tomorrow ? No ? Well looks like I'm going back to work . 
3 classes and a video project and I'm a senior ! 
Can't sleep .... But I have class at 9 ...... Damn ..... 
Because I'm the only one with standards low enough to fuck myself . 
Thor's hammer is my penis . 
I have honored my ancestors ! I am brave and pure of heart ! I wield me godly hammer and I celebrate with the best ! 
Hey , anyone out there at UB looking to join a script writing group ? Please get in touch with me . 
Currently unpacking . I love my house !!! 
Shorts that were once to in tight on me are now a size to big . I love me right now . And once again , no good jobs , just keep goings . 
\Don't make me eat something that disagrees with me . \ " \ 
Ok , so my job at work today is to find doctors who worked on one patient who is our client , and I came across a doctor named < PROPMALE > Fear . Yes , apparently there is a radiologist in the capitol region with the name Dr. Fear . I love my job sometimes . 
NYC today !!! 
All moved in , and relaxing in my dorm . Who in the city wants to do stuff this week ? My schedule is wide open ! 
A large man with a small dog in a tutu just walked past me . I love manhattan ! 
Reasons two and three as to why I love manhattan , I just walked past a street performer putting on his gold makeup , and I'm eating at a restaurant called burgers and cupcakes . 
Ok , so I've seen my roommate once , yesterday when I first moved in . Since then , not only have I not seen him , but none of his stuff has moved as if he's been here and left . If I knew the guy I might be worried , but until then , I'll just act as if my room is a single with an extra bed that someone left there stuff on . 
Reason 4 for why I'm loving manhattan , dunkin donuts every block means coolattas are always just 3 bucks away . 
Reason five I love manhattan , people use the bike lanes for unicycles as well . 
Reason 6 for why I love Manhattan , great sushi bars where the manly woman behind the counter will buy you a shot as you're leaving . 
I just did the math and realized I walked 100 blocks today ... no wonder I can't feel my legs .... 
Reason 7 for loving manhattan , NY pizza . 
Spending most of today off my feet hoping those blisters on my feet from yesterday will go away . 
Reason 8 for loving manhattan , with the amount of walking it makes you do its hard to stay fat . My size to small belt is starting to fit comfortably . As per usual with this kind of message , no goods jobs , just keep goings . 
Reason 9 for loving manhattan , a bookstore for only play scripts . I now know where I'm going to be spending most of my money this summer . 
Reason 10 , Broadway and the TKS booth . How to Succeed tonight . 
Reason 11 for loving Manhattan , Good burger home of the good burger , who wants to go for lunch tomorrow ? 
Reason 12 for loving manhattan , just walking to where you want to get lunch let's you discover 50 others places you want to try next time . 
Reason 13 for loving manhattan , no matter what I'm craving , its just a short walk away . 
Reason 14 for loving Manhattan , cheap improv comedy shows . 
Reason 15 for loving manhattan , fruit stalls run by dudes in capes . 
Reason 16 for loving Manhattan , celebrities in shows . House of Blue Leaves this afternoon . 
Reason 17 for loving manhattan , walking around listening to show tunes just seems to fit . 
Reason 18 for loving Manhattan , seeing random d list celebrities . I'm pretty sure I just saw < PROPFEMALE > Com from 30 Rock . 
I want to grow up and be just like < PROPFIRST > Donaghy . 
I'm working for a bunch of geeks , this internship is going to be awesome ! 
Just walked past a dude who sounded just like mikey mouse . It freaked me the fuck out . 
Is thinking about becoming a politician . Any thoughts ? 
Magneto was right . Fuck the normal people . 
Figured out a few things today 1 . If the Sopranos theme song comes on while walking around the city , you will feel like a badass 2 . Reading comics then walking on Mad Ave will make you see superheros while looking up at tall buildings 3 . Even shitty diners will charge you per glass of soda 4 . My feet will be FUCKED UP by the end of summer 5 . ( And most important ) I'm no longer going to be an idiot to try and have fun 
Wishes he had someone as cute as < PROPFEMALE > Day to make me want to do laundry . However , I will be singing Freeze < PROPFIRST > the whole time as if she was there . 
So walking around a nearly flooded nyc while \its raining men\ " plays on your ipod must mean something right ? " 
I feel alone in the crowd , but the most popular on my own . 
Green Lantern was a big pile of ' meh ' . 
\My type is essentially women ages 18 to death . \"" 
Had one of those nights where you now have to eat dollar menu food for a few weeks ..... Anyone wanna come buy me dinner this week ? 
Not focused at all today . 
I'm the best thing you will never have . 
Yay , blogging is fun . 
Really wishing that the large building sized ad changes from Cars 2 to Captain < PROPFEMALE > this weekend . Cause how awesome would it be if I got to wake up seeing a giant picture of the Cap every morning ? 
Has grown addicted to crosswords . 
Is no longer getting 3G on my phone , when I've been getting perfect 3G for the past few weeks . Anyone have any ideas why this could be ? Or help me fix it ? 
So my phone is all kinds of fucked up , granted this stopped me from texting many people tonight . Does that make this a good thing , or does it still suck ? 
Walking around nyc and saw a giant picture of < PROPFIRST > Barrowman on a building , my heart skipped a beat . He is my only Captain < PROPFIRST > . 
One episode of Torchwood with my boyfriend Captain < PROPFIRST > Harkness . Don't mind if I do Netflix . 
My android background looks like the opening to Dr Who . So cool . I'm such a Whovian right now . 
Netflix is on Android ! Netflix is on Android !!! Netflix is on Android !!!!! Netflix is on Android !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just saw a musical on Broadway , and my biggest complaint was that it wasn't gay enough ... Not sure what to think about this ... 
Why do great plays always leave you so emotionally drained ? Tonight's emotional comatose is brought to you by Warhorse , now playing at < PROPMALE > Center . 
Just walked passed a theater with a few dozen people waiting outside for < PROPMALE > Potter , and instead of going in with them I'm listening to < PROPFIRST > Smith and < PROPFIRST > Mosier pretend to be < PROPMALE > and Hermione on the night of their first blow job . My life is weird . 
Debating whether to go out tonight or spend the night playing video games , any suggestions folks ? 
Ugh , why is it that my new fav show can only be found on Megavideo ? So I can only watch one ep every two hours ? SO ANNOYING !!! 
Alright True Believers , its time to see if Turn Off the Dark is really as deadly as they say . Lets hope its fun , and look out for flying limbs . Excelsior ! 
So I got to the movies REALLY early in order to get a good seat and not have to suit in the front row , nice to know that want really necessary , no one is here . 
Fuck you megavideo ! 
Can some more people on Google+ find me so I have more of a reason to actually go on there . So that I can learn how to use the damn thing . 
New fb chat confuses the JR , not sure if people are really online anymore . * pokes the side bar then closes it * whatever I'll just text them later ... 
Thank God for Me . 
Feeling weirdly productive today , I'm just flying through these files . 
\We cease loving ourselves if no one loves us . \"" 
Needs to stop listening to comedy podcasts while walking down streets in nyc , I keep laughing out loud and getting odd looks . 
Dear God , save us from your believers . AND GET THIS BIBLE THUMPER OUT OF MY ROOM !!!!! 
The JR abides . 
Doing a crossword earlier , and there was a 4 letter word for the clue \something to blow . \ " My mind is too dirty for this one . " 
Well New York , our last weekend together was fun . Not the best I've had , but it was quite nice . I am sorry that I have to leave Saturday , but lets make these last five nights something awesome . \ 
Love , JR 
I'm bored , why not\ 
SINGLE or NOT put this as your status & see what color people INBOX you . \ 
Black : I want a relationship \ 
White : I wanna have sex with you\ 
Green : I'm falling for you\ 
Purple : I miss you . \ 
Orange : I really like you :) \ 
Pink : I love you \ 
Red : I miss how we were \ 
Yellow : Kiss me \ 
Blue : You sexy ;) \ 
Grey : We need to talk \ 
Brown : I want another chance\ 
Puce : Fuck off and die 
Have you ever been in a room with other people you are not talking to and just wanted to start screaming just to see what they would do ? Yea , thats what I've been thinking about for weeks now . 
Well this is it folks . My last day at work . Tomorrow morning I set out back home and kiss the city good by . Its been a fun summer , but its time I go back and finish this wacky thing called college . You have been good to me Manhattan , and I hope to come back to you soon . \ 
My dad will be here any minute to pick me up . I'm going to miss you NY . I'm really going to miss you . 
Laying in my bed once again . God I missed it . 
Ever listen to a song that you've heard a million times , never really getting or paying attention to the lyrics , then listen to it one more time in the right state of mind and truly get what the song is saying ? Happened to me today . 
Off camping for three days . Wish me luck . If anyone wants to hangout when I get back . Leave a comment or wall post . 
Home from camping . Now who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out . I'm here til the 27th . 
Alright , my inner monologue now has a british accent . I need to take a break from Dr. Who . Anyone got any great tv shows where the most interesting character doesn't have a weird or foreign accent ? 
Can't sleep . Why can't the voices in my head take a night off to let me sleep in peace ? 
Still pissed off about the other day . Know tonight is gonna be great , but still pissed for the time being . Send something to cheer me up before tonight . 
Golfing 18 holes with my dad ... Gonna be a looooong afternoon . 
Got IDed for the first time in ages . Felt weird , lady at the bar was really nice about it though . 
Sunburnt from golf . I'm going clubbing looking like a frelling lobster . The night is not starting off well . 
Anyone coming back to UB interested in a playwrighting group ? Please get in touch . 
I need to stop falling asleep at clubs ... 
Why do classes have to start tomorrow again ? 
Looks over all the freshmen in the union and realizes how old , bitter , and jaded he is . I hate being a senior . 
Anyone know whats up with the good hub ? Cause I can't get on it . Need me some Shakespeer . 
Doesn't feel as much a part of the department since I'm not having anything to do with department shows anymore . 
Just got Deus Ex Human Revolution in the mail . Well , I know what I'm doing tonight . 
Damn you end of Torchwood season 2 , for making me nearly weep like a baby before I start my new game . Now I need cake and happiness to enjoy a game now 
Thank you drunken frat morons for reminding me why I tend to stay home on Saturday nights . This night better be worth it . 
is the best thing you never had . 
I need someone new in my dreams . 
wants his own sonic screwdriver . 
You know that point in the day where you debate whether or not to take a shower to go get food ? Yea , I'm there . 
Had two interesting dreams last night ... Well least I know where most of my day dreaming will go today . 
Theres probably some great song lyric that goes along with how I'm feeling right now , but I can't think of any ... 
Remember that time when I wasn't a thousand different kinds of awesome ? ... yea , neither do I . 
26 more days until gymming it becomes a habit ! 
Typing up a rather offensive short play that I now see needs a bit of punching up . 
Apparently back in 2009 I was delightfully ridiculous . Nice to know that hasn't changed . 
Well hello < PROPMALE > Smith . So you're my Doctor now ? Well lets see how you do . 
Not really sure how to feel about what just happened ... 
Anyone wanna give me a ride tonight ? 
I can't believe I walked home last night . 
Could really use a confidence boost today . 
Today 10 years ago , I was in my 6th grade math class , not paying attention , the principal walks in and says that two planes have just collided with the twin towers , it wasn't until later that day that I was told it was an attack and my whole life changed . 
Really rather not face today , but here I go . 
Still just an unofficial member of Torchwood , but I'm working on it . 
Ok , so I'm halfway through season 4 of Torchwood , am I gonna have any faith left in humanity after this show ? 
Alright all my witty and creative friends , I need some help . I need a new word . I need a non gender specific word for boyfriend/girlfriend . \Significant other\ " seems too formal to me and \ " girlfriend or boyfriend\ " is too long to say . So any ideas people ? " 
Well that was season 4 of Torchwood . Love this show !!! 
Wow this weekend felt short , it was really good though . 
Whats the point of getting to the finish line if you didn't really run the race ? \ 
Feeling kind of introspective right now . Thank you Niquil . 
Ugh , need halloween costume ideas ... 
Sitting in the mall waiting for my car to get fixed , and jingle bells is playing , I had to double check the date before freaking out . 
Facebook , I really don't always mind your changes , but can you please at least give me a way to get everything in the newsfeed , and not just what you deem important . Cause I want to see everything , not just the 4 people you think I'm best friends with , cause you ALWAYS get them wrong . \ 
-JR 
Really into listening to comedy lately . Anyone out there know of good comedians I may not have heard of ? 
You know that moment when you creep someone on facebook whom you're not friends with , and then you feel like a total creep after doing it ? Yea , having one of those . 
Waking up , and already I have a bad feeling about today ... 
I was right , today did suck . 
Can't fucking sleep ... 
Needs to do something crazy this weekend , and is open to suggestions . 
Needs to take a nice long drive in the near future . 
Just listened to the top twenty songs in the iTunes store , and my god do a lot of people like shitty music . Not a single tolerable song on there . 
Had probably the best night all semester , and finishing it in one pf the weirdest and most enjoyable ways . 
Well then , that was all the Dr. Who on Netflix . Time to start up my BitTARDIS . 
Got next to no sleep , but woke up happy . Wow this weekend was really good . 
I love how whenever I feel like I've achieved something , Victory Fanfare from FFVII plays . 
Trust me , I'm the Doctor . \ 
All caught up now !!! Now to wait til christmas ... 
Cause if I'm gonna be in that much pain , I'm going to do it to myself . 
To my fellow students in < PROPMALE>'s class tomorrow morning , I forget , do we or do we not have class tomorrow ? 
Why yes , I am a lot more interesting than you . How did you know ? 
To the people blaring KISS outside my bedroom window at this hour . KEEP IT UP !!! 
I'm JR Poklemba , and I'm bisexual . Happy National Coming Out Day ! 
New twitter . @KoolKomedian . Follow me ! 
Am I the only one out there who can't do laundry without daydreaming of < PROPFEMALE > Day ? 
Just got my sonic screwdriver in the mail . And for a bit of irony , unfortunately I need a real screw driver to put the batteries in .... Nope , not feeling like the Doctor quite yet ... 
Sonic Screwdriver now works . So you can trust me , I'm the Doctor . 
Haven't posted on my blog in a few days . Any topic you folks want to hear about ? 
Ok , I really just need to get the fuck out of Buffalo . 
Thank you to all my friends who helped me out tonight . I went from a total emotional break down to feeling awesome . I would also like to make a special thank you to rum for giving me the apathy to make certain comments . 
One last obnoxious status , ' and I go to bed smiling . ' 
Total emotional breakdown last night , not one wink of sleep all night , and now 7 straight hours of class ... Yea , today should be fun ... 
Well now that that silly bullshit is out of the way . Lets have some fun ! 
Physically , emotionally , and mentally exhausted . Why is it so hard to get a win this semester ? 
Did anyone out there know this existed ? Because you should have told me that something like this existed ! \ 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night_of_the_Lepus 
Just need to make it until tomrrow night . 
\You know lobsters mate for life . \ " \ 
The line between gay and straight is my own personal jumping rope . 
\I want crabs\ " - < PROPFIRST > Grecco " 
On the whole this weekend was pretty great . Also on the whole Preparation H feels pretty good . 
Its just a Linkin Park kind of day . 
You know how I had that list of things I wanted to do tonight , well how come I can't think of any of them ? 
Just finished reading the absolutely perfect play for me to direct next semester . Unfortunately it will take at least 20 actors and a budget . * Sadly picks up another play and starts reading . * 
Just because I'm currently allowing you to exist , doesn't mean I like you . 
Really just wants to go back to sleep and not have to be up this early for just one class ... 
Wow , just as I get my PS3 back , my XBOX live account no longer works ... I just am not aloud to game this semester am I ? 
Got spanked by a large older woman , saw < PROPMALE > Horror for the 11th time , and added to the already giant collection of drag < PROPFEMALE > pics on my phone . Successful night ? I think yes . 
Ugh , its not ok when I watch a show when I share a name with a character , especially when its a female JR .... 
Attempting to force myself to do work .... not exactly succeeding . 
While searching in the UB libraries database \avant-garde purpose\ " \ " avant-garde point\ " and \ " avant-garde worth\ " came up with no sources 
Tomorrow begins my second attempt at NaNoWriMo . Who's with me ? 
If you mention mention your boyfriend/girlfriend to me and I then proceed to beat you on the head with a metal baseball bat , thats on you . 
Its decided , my new career path is Batman Villain . 
I really need to stop torturing myself with facebook . 
God , I totally forgot how awesome the first episode of Samurai < PROPFIRST > is . 
Off to the train station for an unbelievable night . 
Who knew that all one needed to do to feel completely lost and alone was go home ? 
Had a dream I smoked pot with < PROPFIRST > CK . It was a good night . 
Dear random girl in CFA mens room working on her < PROPMALE > project , the mens room is a private and safe place with no judgment , you being here disrupts the feeling of the room and makes it uncomfortable to poop . I hate you . \ 
That moment where you finally win the battle of getting out of bed , and then you regret it the rest of the time you're getting ready to go out . 
Neck is overly stiff right now . Would kill for a good massage ! 
Was asked if I was homophobic last night , it was so hard not to burst out laughing . 
Has a feeling I'm going to make another large mistake tonight . Please someone give me something to do so I DONT do this ! 
My friends seriously put up with way too much of my shit . Love you guys sooo much ! 
\What have you done today to make you feel proud ? \"" 
GODDAMNIT !!! Why is it so hard to be productive !?!?! 
Finally checked to make sure I don't have finals this semester . I don't . So it looks like I'll be home some time in the vicinity of December 10th . So who's throwing my welcome back party ? 
Its nights like these where I'm happy to have my own theme song . 
Wow , even when I do get enough sleep , its still a huge fight to get out of bed ... sigh ... 
Laundry night always ends so sadly . You throw the clothes you were wearing into the hamper you just worked so hard to empty . Starting the evil cycle all over again . 
Just had a dream about getting rejected by two girls . I can't even get any in my dreams . WHAT THE FUCK !?!? 
Can I just say how much I love having creative friends ? 
Congratz Twilight , you have officially gone from me constantly being angry and hating you , to not even realizing you're still around ... not sure if thats a good thing , but there you go . 
I miss it . 
Decided I'm going to start trying to channel the awesomeness of < PROPMALE > Campbell . 
