saw District 9 a few days ago , and it had a lot of pain in it . And you are meant to dislike the main character , and it was really good ! To be honest , I'm surprised he survived all that . 

is packing his stuff to move to college in Vermont ! 
is now in college , and was having trouble getting into his room without a key for about 1/2 of yesterday , until they fixed the card-machine . 
' s dorm had it's fire alarm go off at 11 last night because someone burnt the popcorn . 
will post pictures of his college and dorm soon . ( ps , living on vermont \hills\ " that are massachusetts mountains sucks for those who have been sedintary for the last two months ) " 
is becoming even more of a nerd because he is now typesetting for a manga and plays magic the gathering almost constanly since everyone else up here does too . 
is going to play the college game Humans vs Zombies ! and has to get a nerf gun , like this one : RAIDER CS-35 . $30 plus extra ammo , but it should be well worth it . 
Oh my god ! so many birthday recognitions ! 
is training for the next HVZ with the Pack . We have manuvers , formations , and a system for survival . Our goal is to have the entire Pack survive the zombie invation ... yes we may be taking it too far , but too far is what makes HVZ awesome . ( those who don't know what Humans verses Zombies is should look it up ) 
has not signed into Facebook for two months ... 
tried to pull an all-nighter , and failed horribly thanks to a < PROPFEMALE > potion ... not fun . 
Is home for the summer ! Now I just need a job ... 
may be working with < PROPFEMALE > this summer ! 
Is going to cape cod to visit his college friends on the 16th 
finally has a summer job ... at Dunkin Doughnuts , but whatever at least I have an income now . 
< PROPMALE > Pilgrim was possibly an even better nerdy movie than Kickass , but it's a different kind of nerdy so I dunno , but it definitely had the best music . 
got a new phone with a texting pad , it's pretty cool . 
is currently moving into his new dorm room ... not as good as the other one . 
is learning dvorak instead of qwerty , but cheating by using his phone to set his status . 
sketched animals at a local farm for drawing class ... and did not look where he was stepping ... yeah 
Thanks you guys ! It's nice to know that I can practically fall off the face of the earth , and you guys will still spam my wall with good wishes . 
hasn't touched facebook for about a month ... lots of hw to do . 
My phone decided to set my status for me while I was texting someone else , I wonder what it was ... 
