is drinking coffee and doing homework . Good and Evil . 

wishes every morning could be as flippin sweet as this one ! 
is being bathed by my < PROPFEMALE > . I do so love my little gremlin . 
is about to play some tennis . Sore arm tomorrow fo ' sho ' 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > at < PROPFIRST > Haskell's! Cheers ! 
will be in Hawaii in two weeks ! Can I be cryogenically frozen til then ? 
My Blackberry is broken :( 
nobody panic !!! The Crackberry is back up and running :) 
If I put the lime in the coconut , will I really feel better ? 
is feeling the sting of regret ... 
is tired of coming in last place . 
encourages you to punctuate responsibly . 
is wondering if the cure for a Cinco de Mayo hangover is a breakfast burrito . 
could be the new spokesperson for Red Lobster . 
has a very broken air conditioner . Hot yoga anyone ? 
Earrth's Children Book six - Land of the painted caves will be released in March 2011 !!!!! FINALLY ! 
is either going to punch or hug someone random today . Voting starts ... now ! 
just put liquor in coffee ... and it was tres tasty ... win ? or fail ? 
really wants to pie Macroeconomics in the face ... if everyone pied it in the face , it would increase the demand for pie and prices would rise .... see ? Learning . 
just got a tip for having a < PROPFEMALE > pack discussion . I rock so hard . 
is canoeing this Saturday and I need a partner !!! 
Ocular Fluid !!!!!!! 
needs a snuggle < PROPMALE > to brave the storm with . 
is headed to the Boro ... can you get a ticket for Facebooking while driving ? 
can't sleep . Feeling crummy . Wish I had someone to talk to ... 
just witness an old lady getting so excited her teeth popped out . 
has the next two days off ( woot ! ) , but can't leave town and has no plans ( not-so-woot ) 
wants to go out !!! ARG !!! 
Wine-o-clock came early today .... thank you FIFA 
mmmmm , coffee . 
A wise Indian once told me that despite you , life goes on . And no matter what , you're always gonna be okay . So very true my friend . 
From TFLN : \Went to the career fair today .. I handed out many resumes to find out later that they say I have a bachelor o farts degree ... Top that . \"" 
just got done watching Legion . I am now terrified of old women and small children and I want wings reaaaaallly bad . 
Must .... have .... sushi .... 
getting my name changed to < PROPFIRST > ' Badass ' Bohannan . 
Just updated to Facebook 1.7 on my BB and it won't connect to the FB server !!!! Gaahhh !!! HELP !!! 
I could swear I just saw the Arvest sign say \Deficated to Your Dreams \"." 
I wish Facebook would let me \Dislike\ " things ... like Farmville status updates ... " 
is watching cat videos on Youtube .... with my cat . I think < PROPFEMALE > likey 
Time to make a wish ! 
need . more . coffee . 
must move .... can't sleep .... 
needs more coffee ! 
it's a badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger ... MUSHROOM MUSHROOM 
Who loves orange soda ?? 
If you're going to pay for your drink by throwing your money at me , expect to get your change back the same way . 
I want to get you a black cobra .... Just to put around the neck . 
tried to check in to Hell on foursquare ... guess I'll have to make a new venue . 
Just downloaded Age of Empires to my Blackberry ... take that iPhone ! take that Droid ! 
and we're off ! 
14 hour trip in 14 words : Missouri , Sunset , Kaaaaaannnnsssaaasss , Starbucks Doubleshot , a town that smelled like poo , Colorado , Sunrise , Sleep . 
is sampling beer @ the Coors factory . 
and we're off ... again . 
remember kids - pants up , collars down . 
some people just need to beat their children . 
Blackberry 6.0 on October 1st !!!! 
there is never enough time . 
First day at the new job ! Hooray ! 
Hates being an adult . When I'm sick I have to make my own damn soup . 
Ever feel like maybe you didn't miss the boat , you just got on the wrong one ? 
Is #1 ! 
Eating a very lonely ( but delicious ) lunch ... 
