my husband is not a perfect man but he is my man . 

apparently I am cool enough for the presidential suite lol 
wonders if she hits her head with a pen in the same place will it make a dent 
likes the < PROPFEMALE > fly trap , a plant that eats meat ironic 
its official , I am pregnant AGAIN !!! 
God works-the end 
was making my bed and K'Lee jumped on the bed to pop the \bubble\ " . this event reminded me of a made up game my sisters and I would play . LOL ! " 
changing a flat tire this morning 
cleaning , though it make take a few minutes longer , is so much more fun with my daughter 
if you want a guaranteed promise , read Psalm 1 all six verses and live it ! 
had a great visit with my mother-in-law . she has a genuine love for me ( like the daughter she never had ) its a great feeling knowing she loves me for me 
is hanging up clothes , getting a 3 year old motivated to clean up after herself in her room , washing dishes , starting another load of something , before heading over to < PROPFEMALE>'s ( my mother-in-law ) to check out the sales-who's knows we may even go to the beach . no matter what we do it is an adventure 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One Facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . The Bible says , if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father at the Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show , re-post . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas guys and gals , i wish everyone a safe and joyful travel to gather with family and friends . spoiler alert- < PROPFEMALE > isnt real , on the up side Jesus Christ is . Have a great celebration no matter what you are doing ! 
God has taken care of me with school and providing my husband of an awesome position . Good luck < PROPFIRST > , I love you !! 
started having contractions Sunday night 1-3 < PROPFEMALE > apart . Thanks to God working through the hospital staff they have spaced contractions 30 < PROPFEMALE > apart . God is working this through we are in his hands 
my sister is in her car driving 18 hours to see me-what a sweet sister , i love you 
God has blessed me with amazing family and friends I love you all Makayla is steady and contractions are spaced 1 hour apart , she is God's miracle in progress 
Dear Jesus , my faith in your hands remains , Thank you for letting my ears hear all the encouraging words from you through others . Thank you for my lil fighter Makayla and my sweet lil K'Lee , both from a husband that loves me 
my < PROPFIRST > made it safe ! 
Makayla < PROPFEMALE > born January 26 , 2011 weighed 1lb , 8oz she started breathing with the breathing tubes after a faint cry . she is stable keep our lil one in your prayers 
was released from the hospital today-its a bit emotional leaving Makayla at the hospital but I am comforted knowing that she isn't alone because she is in God's hands 
is wishing < PROPFIRST > safe travels home , she is making good time . I enjoyed you coming to see me sis :) I love you 
Makayla opened her eyes at me tonight :) Makayla's scan came back Clear of abnormalities , Praise God !! 
God is good all the time , God is good 
being a dad means climbing on top of your truck when its 36 degrees in the rain to get a < PROPFEMALE > balloon out of a tree . She will love waking up to her balloon in her room :) 
my husband makes the best lasagna EVER ! 
makayla was taken off the ventilator this morning and placed on c-pap . she is doing well . God takes the impossible situations and makes them victories 
K'Lee says certain things are her favorites , especially if its mommy's then she applies the share claus . I love it ! 
Sept 11 ( NY ) , < PROPFIRST > . 11 ( Haiti ) , Mar . 11 ( Japan ) < PROPMALE > 21:10 &11 Then Jesus said to his disciples .. Nation will rise against nation , kingdom against kingdom . There will be great earthquakes , famines , and pestilences in various places , and fearful events and great signs from the heavens . Jesus says , \Behold I come quickly\ " So ask urself ... \ " WHERE WILL U B 5 MINUTES AFTER JESUS RETURNS . . . DARE U 2 REPOST " 
Makayla is much like < PROPFIRST > , once they put their minds to something they never quit :) 
I am beside myself in 5 hours I will be able to hold Makayla for the first time !! ( I can't wait til K'Lee can hold Makayla , neither can K'Lee ) 
I am so thankful for my church family . when you choose to see God , you will . when you ignore Him , you won't see Him even though He is still there . 
watching back to the future , and I still think < PROPFIRST > j fox is cute 
K'Lee enjoys looking at the pictures of her growing sister . I wish everyone could hear how excited she gets(I am not complaining at all ) I think it is truly a treasure . 
last night K'Lee curled up in mommy and daddy's bed , I had curled up on the couch and my poor husband was left to shuffle us into our correct places . < PROPFIRST > the peach cobbler and bacon&cheese stuffed hamburgers were Excellent ! 
2 girls jumpedoff a bridge into fast , cold water to retrieve a cell phone . they needed to be rescued over a CELL PHONE 
K'Lee found Cocky 
if you don't believe breast fed babies are healthier and happier take a visit to Makayla's NICU ... she is bigger and less fussy than babies older than she is 
my husband gets to dress up all spiffy today in a tux fitting ;) I hope he sends me a picture later 
every time I fry eggs I think of the commercial this is your brain and this is your brain on drugs ... any questions 
There comes a point in your life when FUN no longer means bar hopping , clubbing , being out till 4am or drinking too much . It means movies , family dinners , kid athletic events , bedtime stories and 8 pm bedtimes . Becoming a parent doesn't change you , it makes you realize the little people that you created deserve the best of your free time !!! Re-post this if you are PROUD to be a parent and love your life :) 
if I never knew how blessed I am to have such sisters and friends of mine ... I would have to be nothing short of blind . 
incommodious meaning inconvenient or uncomfortable . this hospital room is more than incommodious I assumed it would be . 
BIG NEWS Makayla comes home on Thursday !!! 
my husband really gets me . 
K'Lee Anna : Pregnancy : 38 weeks ; Labor : 18.5 hrs ; Wt : 6 lbs 6 oz ; Birth Length : 20 3/4 in ; Time : 11:39 PM ! The stats that forever changed my heart . Repost if you are a proud mama . 
Makayla Ashlee : Pregnancy : 23 weeks ; Labor : 18 hrs ; Wt : 1 lb 8 oz ; Birth Length : 12.5 in ; Time : 11:00 PM ! The stats that forever changed my heart . Repost if you are a proud mama . 
my husband grilled salmon , steaks and baked potatoes for me last night . and finished things I started while I was playing Soldier I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
picture it Sicily 1920 ... 
my husband is amused that his phone talks for him what a geek 
K'Lee took a picture of her sister this morning and posted it to facebook and wrote a message ... drill sgts were right 3 year olds are smarter than privates 
already can't wait for today to finish so I can spend my time with my husband :) Love ya babe ! 
is loving my 27th birthday ! 
giving kudos to those who run pushing a stroller . this is day 2 of just that and I gotta say running 2 < PROPMALE > while pushing 50 lbs is hard work whew 
K'Lee loves taking my super cute shoes , boots , necklaces , and feathery headbands dressing up and claiming my things as her own ... so I am cool mom now but later I will be the stupid old lady hahaha 
dear unexplainable \dreams\ " haunt someone else " 
enjoyed watching captain < PROPFEMALE > with my husband ... well done 
8 weeks and craving gummi bears 
dear inventor of fractions ... WHY ? 
a Soldier is like < PROPFIRST > Wallace ... fights for the people to able to live and exercise FREEDOM . though the masses do not see the work that a Soldier has to do to make their lives worth living . 
blue cake , blue icing and a meatlovers pizza are in order for K'Lee turning 4 tomorrow 
how do you sooth a crying baby ... put em in front of a Gamecocks game 
I am more than ready to get back home 
my husband gave me several things but my favorite is him and our girls 
86% on my Psychology test , yea :) 
The past few nights Makayla has successfully devoured squash 
I got home from class and my husband made bacon wrapped chicken breast and < PROPMALE > sauce covered egg noodles ... I am enjoying it ! 
I have learned something new about myself ... I like math and I am not too bad at it either :) 
thank you < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > non alcoholic creamer , you are a great substitute for daytime ... 
Trivia- if you hammer a nail in a tree , where will the nail be in 10 years ? I will post the Answer tomorrow 
I started rubbing K'Lee's foot , so she rubbed mine . I began to tickle her stinky feet , so she tickled mine . I snorted when I laughed , so she snorted too . 
checking out land for sale 
so Makayla gets around on the floor by laying on her back and pushing off the floor with her feet as means to scoot . its funny because when she is tired of going in a straight line , she will turn herself in a circle what a stinker . 
is skeptical to a fault when people tell me \I'll take care of it . \"-- especially when they caused \ " it\ " to happen in the first place " 
< PROPFEMALE > Hall shared the following link : http://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.174259209325653.44765.174252539326320&type=3 
Home from class and smothered with kisses from K'Lee ... my sweet girl 
went to class just to have the Prof cancel ... trying to kill time with some math tips only to discover the Prof is in a meeting . How about I just roll with what today brings , planning obviously isn't one of them lol 
good morning friends ! ( I finally woke up before my last minute alarm ) my next challenge today is not to go to sleep before bed time ... stay tuned for how I do 
okay < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . I need your help with a psychology assignment call me anytime this weekend for the details . 
14lbs 11oz 24 inches long and makayla's head 17 1/4 inches round 
is flirting with the childhood dream of being a veterinarian 
100% on my Psychology test !! yea me ! 
sigh of relief , spring schedule is compete . 
its going to be 70 degrees today :) sunshine 
Age 16\ 
I was dating : no one\ 
I wanted to be : an EMT\ 
My best friend : < PROPMALE > Shipley \ 
Biggest fear : loneliness\ 
Lived : Drexel\ 
Like my status and I will give you an age . 
had a blast chatting with my friend < PROPFEMALE > 
is bringing back the word rump , now just think about this how can you stay in a sour mood when you say , \rump hole\ " It just makes me laugh uncontrollably and I forget why I even got mad to begin with . " 
private practice hits me because Makayla was born 23 weeks and by God's grace she doesn't have complications 
Second visit at a new church . I like how the service is different . But I was told that my four year old is too fidgety for childrens church , they put her in a room by her self to play in . My feelings are conflicted in the actions I want to take about this . I may still be in search for a fitting church to attend . 
hey girl sorry so late my mother in law stopped by 
How many people can I visit at Missouri in 4 days ? :) 
tomorrow my husband turns 30 ... hmmm i remember when 30 was old , now 80 is old LOL 
was comparing K'Lee and Makayla's hand prints ... guess who has the same hand print as they do . hint its not mine 
