Hmm another day of coughing and pooping !! and Beet red hineys !! The joys of motherhood Bring it on !! though cant complain because they got my cough . 

Well < PROPFEMALE > feels better but Devlin had a temp of 101.2 at 10am . both are down for a nap now . think I will join them . 
well after nap time Devlins temp was 103.5 . 
another round of breathing treatments all day and a new x-ray tomorrow and doc appt for Devlin . Poor kid but he does seem to be feeling a little better . 
Ok kiddos are awake now what to feed my PICKY little man ??? 
lovely time at the pool whistles startd blowing and then everyone was jumping out . SOmone one left a brown floater in the water 
Lovely Mother's day ! He ask's me today when we want to do that thing we discussed before . Hmm what thing . Oh the Divorce thing never mind I asked him last week abuot it when he got himself a girlfriend . Now he is wondering about it . So here we go . I am on teh actual road to a divorce . Says he wont argue about stuff just need to write down all i want . 
I am officailly the stupidest woman on earth for ever believing any promises made by my husband . This time we will get the divorce . no more playing . I am done . 
He never showed up to see the kids at grandma's yesterday when he took a vacation day so he could . He showed up this morning and took Devlin to the park . He has 2 hickeys on his neck !! \ 
told me I was selfish and want everything my way on saturday mornig . he hasn't see his kids for two weeks until this morning and he has hickeys . an I shouldent be upset . he wishes that i wasnt upset . 
$pm appt with thte attorney i need to get a shower and ready . 
well he says that i will not have insurance when the divorce is final . well duh but he thinks i will just get married again . real soon . does that mean he already has his next victim picked out ? 
He signed the divorce papers this morning !! Did not try to make us change the custody stuff . now we just wait until the 60 day < PROPFIRST > is up and the divorce is finalized on august 18 . 
It is amazing how kids will suddenly decide they like something new < PROPFEMALE > has decided that apples are great to teeth on and has gone through almost a whole bag of small ones here . They look pretty ragged when she is done chewing on them . And she also has decided she likes mandarin orange as well . 
Sick babies and now momma has sore throat .... debating on going in to clinic to get it it checked out .... 
Wow beautiful morning went to park to wear the kids out they loved it now taking good naps so mommy can too !! 
Just realized I need to start trying to figure out what costume to make for the kids for Halloween !! Gotta have time to make them !! 
Just what the doc ordered relaxing afternoon with a best friend , lots of girl talk and man problems and kids doing adorable things and giggling like angels while acting like demons !!!! 
The chatter box started on the drive home ..... All through dinner .... All through dinner , all through < PROPMALE > Potter and now gong strong in bed !!! Guess I'll know when he finally goes to sleep because it will finally be quiet !! No more trucks , tractors , cranes , spiders , toys , and mashed potatoes !!! Gotta love lil'boys!!! 
Ar 720 the little chatterbox carried the box of cookies his dad left here last night wanting one . Gave one told him to go back to bed . Then he shows up with a slice of cheese !!! 
Wow up early so thought a trip to park before work it started sprinkling on us and the frigging windshield wiper split and started waving at me . So we are at mcdonald's eating breakfast . 
Ok I know Devlin just hasn't completely gotten better but apparently today was pretty and at grandma's she said he was lethargic all day and just wanted to cuddle under his blanket . Still no fevers he just isn't shakin this stuff . He has a good day or part day then slumps again . Guess I'm gonna be on the phone in morning with doctor again asking questions . 
Ok last week Devlin refused to get out of the car today he actually got out . Them proceeded to be a brat inside if the haircut place !!! His stylist was afraid we were not going to be able to do it . I pocked his but up and pit him in the chair minus a shoe lost in the wrestle match . He proceed to bawl but he held still like an angel for her !!! So finally he looks like a boy again !!! 
Ok so I give him another < PROPMALE > since he is getting treatment for depression and alcohol . Once again I think things mint have a < PROPMALE > and once again I am so horribly wrong I should be locked up in a padded cell for my own protection . 
Cute little car show a block down the road we had to take a stroller ride to look at them . It was small but there were some really nice camaro's mustang's and corvette ' . Devlin loved looking at them he was quite a chatterbox . 
What do you do when daddy decides he doesn't have time for us and isn't going to work things out again then first thing in the morning your 2yr old son is at the door knocking on it saying it is daddy . 
Ok now he wants to finish divorce paperwork . I will see lawyer at 9am in morning . Plan on making changes in paperwork . 
Dermatologist got a laugh out of me . She said Happy Crappy Birthday . And no spots morphing into anything worrisome yeah me . 
MIL < PROPFEMALE > de b-day cards with kids for < PROPFEMALE > and brought me dinner and cheese cake for desert !! Kids were so cute bringing me their cards ! The got some calls from home . One call had a sis brother and ay daddy < PROPMALE > and daddy sang to me . Daddy thinks he can sing the blues . Was just the pickup I needed 
Bored Kids are asleep and I cant join them for some reason . waiting for them to wake up so we can go for a walk !! 
Divorce is final . 
Hmmm now if selfish brat can actually watch my babies on Sunday I might be able to get a start on Halloween costumes for them ...... Prob not gonna happen 
Does chocolate gravy , biscuits , and banana slices qualify for a good brunch ? Sure tastes good 
Aaahhhhhh home from a good day at work . Kids are low key watching < PROPMALE > potter . And final divorce papers in the mail . Banana down kids for quick snack . Life is good . It is amazing how much better and happier you feel when the divorce is finally totally final . 
Holy cow can we say meltdown times two !!!! 
Ugh ..... Change bedding and jammies at 4 , 530 , 715 , and at 930 . Clean couch of ibuprofen can't give more yet . Still has a temp of 101.4 . Devlin just doesn't feel good today . Sheets washed feed sissy again . At last nap time think I'm gonna join them both . 
I like it on the counter or table . 
you know you are a parent when going to the toilet becomes a spectator sport ! 
wellmunchkins are in bed asleep no fevers or throwing up ............. well at least fro now . Think i'm gonna trun in now too . Mommy needs some sleep . 
So we stop at Cici's for pizza after running an errand . Guess who starts flirting with the man at he next table ! Yep my lil'whirlwind she was giving him her biggest smiles . And got him to laughing pretty good so then Devlin starts chatting him up too . I was so funny . They are such lil hams when there are men around . 
Well < PROPFEMALE > now has Devlin's higher temp . Right about on time for them to . And he is still havin low grade temps off and on . I just hope she doesn get . The bards with it . 
any one planning on going to this ?? \ 
Night of the Living ZooOctober 22 , 23 & 24 : 6:30 p.m. – 8:30 p . m . \ 
Bring your ghouls and goblins for a night of no t-t oo-scary Halloween fun at the Sedgwick County Zoo ! Several ghoulish activities , like pumpkin bowling and beanbag tosses , can be found throughout the Zoo . 
Take a stroll down jack-o-lantern < PROPFIRST > , creep up to < PROPFEMALE > stations and let your spirit come alive ! Advanced tickets : $6 at area QuikTrip stores , starting Oct . 1 Tickets purchased at gate : $6 for Zoo members$8 for nonmembersChildren 2 and under do not need a ticket . 
is thinking we need to invent a contraceptive for laundry baskets since every time I turn around it's reproduced ! 
Making special pancakes at 10 pm for my little guy . \ 
He better eat them !!! Lol 
Cinnamon and cranberry oatmeal is quite delicious if I do say so myself !! And < PROPFEMALE > liked it too . Of course Devlin stuck to the plain but he did eat a pancake with cranberry in it . Maybe I am doing an ok job feeding my kids healthy stuff . 
Hmmm if the garbage disposal doesn't make enough noise and you see little smoke curls does that mean it is fried ????? 
Wondering if I am going to wake up in middle of night hacking a hairball ?? Too much fur flying while sewing Devlin's costume !!! 
Yummy pancakes for dinner . Apple , cranberry , butternut squash , and oats !!! 
Would just about do anything for a full body totally limpify your body work over !!! Head to toes . Not the crappy just rub you back for a < PROPFEMALE > or two and call it good crap !! 
Don't ya hate it when u burn your tongue on soup ? 
The difference between the dillons knock off and the real thing in nyquil is unbelievable !!! I slept for 5 hours this afternoon while mom watched the kids . Solid uninterrupted totally able to breathe the whole time sleep . Still not all better but that made a huge difference in how I am feeling . 
Wow first time I got to see Bones in like a few months and it was a gormagon rerun !!!! Errrgggghhh !!! 
Hmm mix some black beans and shredded cheese in salsa and Voila . < PROPFEMALE > ate some for me along with part of a tuna melt !!! Devlin on the other hand . Nope he is such a stinker !!! 
Would kill for a decent back massage !!!! 
There my workout for today scrubbing carpet !! Wow doing the whole room bigger chore than just spot cleaning !!!! 
Perfect I need to crawl through the floor moment . As we are trying to leave the Y Devlin takes off down the hall was and tries to go through the emergency exit . Alarm sounds off ................. 
Don't anyone ever tell me again that i am crazy for putting blueberry pomegranate v8 juice in a blender with ice-cream !! I found blueberry pomegranate chocolate chunk ice-cream today at Dillons and it is almost as good !!! 
Sissy went poo on the potty chair !!!!! Yeah good job !!! Big girl maybe she will teach her stubborn big brother !!!!! 
,,, Life is short . Dance naked and wiggle your butt .. 
Dang two broken glasses so far this morning . Devlin has been busy !!! I really need to get more plastic cups !!!!! 
Lovely barfing up mucus noses running away coughing and hacking til u have to sit down . Mmmmm yep think we have a nasty cold or something . And don't forget the crankies to boot . Mommy needs a vacation !!!! 
Taco pizza and BBQ wings equals intense craving for < PROPFEMALE > red grapefruit juice and none to be found !!!!!! 
SCORE !!!! Grapefruit juice !!!!! 
Devlin's B-Day party was lots of fun but man o man I gotta do some thinning out in the play room !!!! 
Lovely night . I come\ 
Home and hear \mommy my tummy hurts ....... urghhhhhhhhh ....... I < PROPMALE > feel good\ " and Devlin has what < PROPFEMALE > had earlier I the week . 3 bed changes 3 jammy changes and several towels later and up and down all night . He is still out but < PROPFEMALE > is rarin to go she is feeling much better so far this morning . It's gonna be a loong night at work tonight ...... " 
Lovely ...... Cold powdery blowing snow .... again . 
Ok 10 inches and still going . A drift knee high right at my car door when I'm trying to leave work . Already told work will probably not make it in tomorrow due to being snowed in !!!!! 
Oh what an aroma ...... potato soup cooking on stove .... Mmmmmmmmmm . While a boys car is getting a custom job . Bondo on roof to fix dents ..... primer ...... wet sanding in kitchen sink .... soon to be turned from black to orange . 
Ok checkup time . Doc still thinks < PROPFEMALE > feet will straighten out with time but we are going to see a pediatric ortho for a check out . 
Pineapple 
Mmmmmm yummy grilled steak shrimp zucchini onions mushrooms and burgers and hotdogs . Beautiful day . 
So . Ummm who ordered the snow for today ? Really not very nice !! 
At the dentists . Will see how I feel later ......... 
Gonna have to get two small fillings . Good thing insurance pays for it !!! 
