strange but some thing is off somethings just not right but no matter watever it is it's not important and hopfully watever it maybe doesn't mess up my good mood . 

i got jumped 
Before the new year starts I would like to say I've been looking back on everything that's happen throughout my life and every time i < PROPMALE > out with family or friends and I realise that not one moment was a waste thank you all for being there for me everyone . AC aka Korikage out 
Happy new years oh snap someone break out the bubbly lol . AC aka Korikage out 
wow I've been asleep for 13 hours and not one person try to wake me and no body texted me either but whatever I slept just fine . AC aka Korikage out 
Is up watching < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ah what a great classic it sure takes me back . AC aka Korikage out 
is just happy 
they say that there is no right one 4 anyone i beg 2 differ . 
hahahahahahaha i guess i can't stop be me the nice , kind and chill person i am sometime got love 4 all my old & new friend lol ( coon squad lol ) 
is getting ready 4 something really big !! 
this is awesome i've been renewed and i will continue as planed as the most happy person on earth . 
Wat is up with the lightning it's such a mood killer and it ruined the party 
Zzzzzz 
ahahahahahaha bored ;( 
This sucks I need someone to talk 2 with no prejudice . 
wwwwwowwww ppl r so weird make u think don't it 
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ...... 
I don't care that i currently single but it would be nice 2 b dating again . :D 
THIS IS IT THE DAY OF PROM I'AMM ABOUT TO GET IT IN . XDXDXDXDXDXDDXDXDDXDXDDXDXDXDXDXDDXDXDXD 
prom was great me and Kateresa Jamecia had a amazing time after prom i took her home and that was it nothing more but a kiss on the cheak . :) i'm just gald she came with me 
Really bored and tried 
Is stuck between a rock and a hard place a little help here 
It seem that i must make a hard decision i wish i had help if the is someone up there i need their help now . 
I'm just sayin ... why the hell do some girls date assholes , morons , douche bags , and those who r unfaithful it's not worth ur time if they don't try to change ! 
I'm bored maybe i'll write some new notes today 
Thinking about a lot of things i wonder what to do from here also thinkin of someone close to my heart not sure what to do . ~ AC of Coon Squad ~ 
Hell Yes !! The final week of school let this living hell end but i'm gonna miss some of u Also can not wait for the asian festivel this weekend , and i'm gonna be doing a lot work and might have some this last week of school lots to do !!!! 
The countdown begins 4days left 
3 days left !!! Had a very nice day hanging out with Kateresa Jamecia and school is crazy . 
2 more days !!! 
1 day !!! 
THIS IS IT THE LAST DAY OF SCHOOL IT ALL FINALLY COMES TO AN END ALL THAT'S LEFT IS SENIOR BREAKFAST AND THEN GRADUATION !!!!!!!! Thank goodness it all over . I'm really going to miss all my friends stay safe and see you again someday . Oh yeah , Asian Festival here i come !!!! XD XD XD XD XD XD XD XD 
The countdown in mins is now 5 
4 
3 
2 
Well can't sleep can't wait 4 the Asian Festival and thinkin of someone but there is nothing i can do but wait and continue being me hope to see u all at the AF 
ASIAN FESTIVAL !!!!!!! 
It's time ..... 
Well somethin is not right ! I'm not sure wats wrong with me really maybe i'm really going crazy I really need a long vacation from everyone i see on the regular I need to get away somewhere .... but it could be worst I guess no one really understands . DX DX DX DX 
1 more day ........ 
THIS IS IT THIS IS THE DAY IT ALL COMES TO AN END I'M GOING TO MISS MY FRIEND CAN'T BELIEVE IT FINALLY OVER IT BEEN FUN AND NICE KNOWING ALL OF U . Went to Kateresa Jamecia's gradution party had a great time congrat to all those who will be gradutaing this year and good luck to the next . 
It's over it is finally over much love to all my friend going 2 collage or the armed forces i'll miss u all and good luck and safe travels . :-P \ 
AC of Coon squad 
Life is good 4 once . 
I'm feelin good things seem so good , today nothing will bring down my mood . XD 
Right now i'm done i think i've reached a breaking point don't ask wats wrong if ur going to try and give advice because i don't want it right now please . Thx 
Today was a long day but fun u know 
I have given her my heart because she is and always has been worth it . Also she should know I'm talkin bout her . 
Is up for some reason watchin purple rain . Good movie still . \ 
~ Korikage K ~ 
Well i've put it off long enough time to put my plan into action should be fun . 
Morning to all my fam and friend today will be a good day !!!! 
Man WTF y am i so hungry all of a sudden >.> 
There r just some question that can't be answered by other human being no matter how much they think they know sick of those who think they know everything 
Let their light be my guide I will stay true to my path and myself . 
hmmm I guess this is how it's going to be but I should have known better i seems sometimes never change my own fault for thinking otherwise AC of Coon Squad out XP 
Nothing is absolute not even death . Can't remember where i heard that but it's true . 
It seems love is losing it's original meaning now someone tell me i'm wrong with a straight face . New note on the way 
As the # my friends increase phase 1 of my plan is closer to complete only a matter of time before my ambition is realized !!! 
Phase 1 is almost complete just small things to tie up . no stupid comments please 
Only a few more thing and it will be the end of phase 1 on to phase 2 big plans a celaberation will take place and all of my friends and famliy will attend hopefully . This is going to be big may need help with expenses anyone want to help ?? 
THIS IS WAT THE FUCK I'M TALKIN BOUT WHEN I SAY I JUST CAN'T HAVE A GOOD DAY SOMETHING ALWAYS RUINS IT Y ME WHY THE FUCK IS MY LIFE SOME KIND OF BAD JOKE 
i'm beginning to know wat true despair is . the pain is the worst feeling ever i need someone to cheer me up . anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out to stop this feeling . 
It seem I have to push my plan phase one complete now on to phase 2 my ambition shall be realized before the summers end my plan must be in the final phase or it will all be for nothing R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Edwards miss u granddad ;( 
Reading Hitman Reborn funny as hell and good action manga 
Am I fool for believing in other for believing in love some do but I don't I will not falter no one will stop me from being me I'd like to see someone try !! 
My life just got worst my family on my mom's side is about end up killing each other but I am not going 2 let that happen wish things could go back before this 
My heart is spilt in 4 held by 4 very different people intrested to see the end of this delima . AC of Coon Squad aka Korikage out 
Aw isn't that cute they think their in love well more funny than cute 2 me but people r fools it's sad 2 think love is only a fools dream it really is sad . 
listening to my music pissed thinkin bout a lot love hate life and death i'm in hell now can't wait to put an end to this feeling . AC of Coon Sqaud aka Korikage out . 
Come join me in creating a new world lets work together in making the world a better place to live ! 
by now we all should know better unfortunlly as human being we make the same mistake over and over again not because we're stupid it's because many of us r stubborn as well as persitint . others maybe other thing or ur just stupid maybe . 
The only way to relivse my ambition is to make very hard desisions the outcome will be very intresting . 
Finally my plan is almost complete just a few more things left to do . AC of Coon Squad aka Korikage out 
come to think of it one of the thinks keeping me going is my love for all my family and friends but only 4 people can truly hurt me they are the 4 girl that hold a piece of my heart . AC of Coon Squad AKA Korikage K out 
Just got back from dayton for my granddad's funeral i'm tired no one to < PROPFEMALE > wit so i'm going to sleep 
People are foolish and ignore the truth even when it staring them in the face wat a shame . 
If I see another status with the words my babe in it I'm going to throw up it pointless to lie to urself if u can't stand them leave them before ur stuck with them or they will break ur heart and u either way u'll suffer love them or leave make it easier on urself . AC aka Korikage out 
It's sad when you caim friends as family rather then your real family . I'm feeling like that right now sometime I feel that my own family are to much . I could name 5 family members that i'm ashamed of on both my mom's and dad's side and the list continues to grow . On the other hand friends can be just as bad . Well whatever still love them all . AC of COON SQUAD OF 2010 aka Kroikage out !! 
I keep thinking to myself what do I want but it seems i can't think clearly anymore . I feel like I don't know who I am anymore looking in the mirror , I see a person who has lost himself in a world consumed by hate , greed , lust , and war . I'm going to do something it maybe a big mistake but a question still remains . Who the hell am I ? 
I'm about to break passed my limits can't take much more of this 4 once i'm going to do wat makes me happy . 
In a perfect world u can do wat u want when u want but in reality there r consequence 4 every action one post on the internet or casual encounter can ruin ur life now of days the walls do have eyes 
A dark shadow looms over my shoulder and it's eating away at my soul if only I could find a light shine by my side but where can i find it . AC of Coon out 
Swing , swing , swing \ 
From the tangles of\ 
My heart is crushed \ 
By a former love\ 
Can you help me find a way\ 
To < PROPFEMALE > on again ? \ 
-Swing swing by The All American Rejects 
I need to find someone who can draw some anime charaters for me is there anyone who can help me . 
There is only one thing i hate more than anything I hate when people conpare me to someone else don't know why but I fuckin HATE that it just pisses me off . AC aka Korikage out 
Nothing is true and everything is premitted . I wonder what that means . 
I have never in my life been this confused , upset , or irritated I'm so fuckin tired all the arguing and bull I need a break from this madness or people need to get along . I need to find a punching bag quick or I'm going to take it out some dudes face I need something to hit !! I'm going to go < PROPFEMALE > out wit someone today . This stuff is insane . AC aka Korikage out ! 
There is so much I can say about this world we live in that is messed up , and I try not to think so much about fantasy but it's my escape from this hell . In my fantasy I'm not alone in a empty space in mine I'm surrounded by all my loved ones smiling together in a peaceful bliss . With that I say this to all my family and friends I love you all and no one can change that . 
i find it funny when ppl don't know i'm using sarcasm but then again maybe I'm more cruel then i give myself credit . 
sometimes I think I'm the biggest idoit in the world then again maybe I don't give myself enough credit I believe I'm very intelligent may not have the best spelling in the world but I am very smart no matter what . AC aka Korikage out 
People argue religion all the time when there is are some holes and information they don't have to proprely back up their argument . Think about this \God\ " puts u throught trials to see if u can still have fate in him but y if he is this all knowing being he should know wheather or not u will or will not turn ur back on him explain that for me i may have left sometime out . " 
is feelin really good right now . 
She has my heart and no one can take it from her she is my number 1 and her name is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . :D :3 O: ) 
Damn single once again my life sucks ass i wish 4 once the happiness didn't have to end . 
...... bored ..... this sucks nothing to do 
some ppl have no idea wat a pain in the ass they are 
feels over looked and hurt to think that I could be tired of being alone guess I can't stay in solitude for to long . AC aka Korikage out 
Love yourself & those who love u , find pleasure in simple things , and enjoy life to the fullest . AC aka Korikage out 
sometimes it's best to move on and forget the past . AC of coon squad aka Korikage out 
I choose to be myself no one can change me I see nothing wrong with being true to myself I no longer care about those who can't accept me for who I am . AC aka korikage out 
I hate to do it but I have to turn my back on some people I can't keep doin this to myself . AC aka korikage out 
things can't just be simple i always try to do my best but it's never enough wat the hell do u ppl want from me i'm not superman damnit i can't always have the right answer WTF do u expect I'm human that's y sometime i wish i didn't have emotion then maybe this wouldn't hurt so much . AC of Coon Squad aka Korikage out 
HALO REACH !!!!!!!!!! AC aka korikage out 
Today is my first day of collage wish me luck . AC aka Korikage 
over Evin < PROPMALE>'s playin halo reach < PROPMALE > MrCasual Coachman beatin everybody and < PROPMALE > Nom Nom Hill is being a waste of space i'm bout to write a new poem for u know who when i'm done i hope she likes it . AC of Coon Squad aka Korikage out 
Is in a lot of pain , it just won't stop my heart can't take it any longer ...... 
the games end here I'm sick of people trying to play me , I am really not the one u want to take so lightly in short don't fuck with my emotions it won't end well trust me it won't . AC aka Korikage out 
I'm thinking of her wish she was here with me now she know i'm talkin bout her . AC aka Korikage out 
I shall stand tall and face all my demon then after I've won that fight my most important goal is to change this world not just so my family and friends will be happy so that all that follow this dream shall live in peace . AC of Coon Squad aka korikage out 
man i really gotta stop doing that can't keep getting so emotional over everything . AC aka Korikage out 
for some strange reason i'm in a really good mood i guess listening to music really help me get my mind of things . AC aka korikage out 
head hurts like hell someone make the pain stop ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate that I always bite my tongue when need to say something well so many things go unsaid now I regret not saying anything . AC aka korikage out 
feelin like i'm forgetting something oh well better get back to my < PROPMALE > . AC aka korikage the greatest < PROPMALE > ist out 
love is sometimes miss place this is done all the time and very common in young couples ha ha how sad they really think they are in love well i guess we won't know for sure until a certian something happens 
sometimes I feel like I'm in nightmare and I can't wake up but then again the only thing that scares me is that I may never forfill my dream and I lose everyone I care about , but u know wat I will not allow that to happen I am the one who shall change the world and everyone that wants to help me make my dream a reality will see a better future for all around the world . AC aka korikage out 
so it's not about fame and fortune , \ 
it's about believing and believeing in yourself , \ 
and understanding that this life is , it's life , \ 
it's < PROPFEMALE > , and the Pursuit of Happiness , \ 
and Happiness is not about getting what you want all the timek , \ 
it's about loving what you have , \ 
so Get Ready It's a New Day . \ 
\ 
i've been on my grind\ 
i can only grind\ 
for so long ... -Asher Roth G.R.I.N.D 
you know sometimes I know my life may not seem all that bad to others but its not a competition of who life is worst as a friend you should just understand how I'm feeling and right now my heart feels heavy and it hurt to think I get so close just to get pushed so far away I don't know how much longer I can stand it why do I care anymore .. AC aka Korikage out 
To be forgotten and discard is the worst feeling ever but i guess i shouldn't complain so much it only makes things worst and makes me seem weak . 
Can someone tell me y i should give a Damn about anything else but myself ive reached that point where im done < PROPFEMALE > bout anybody im sick of this bye im gone 
there i go again i shouldn't let my emotions get the best of me i know i'm better than that . 
I think I'm done talking about my feeling and problem to anybody I really think it's time I just keep it to myself . AC aka Korikage out 
I regret so much right now 
I finally know y i've done everything i've done because i wanted wat everyone else had the good and i thought i could handle the bad but now i know wat i thought i wanted wat i needed i don't really need i'm just gonna let it all go . AC aka Korikage out 
is it me or has my life become some kind of bad joke cause right now i'm not laughin and this really is not funny i really don't feel like being bothered with dumb shit . AC aka Korikage out 
math midterm coming up 4 me this sucks i just can't win can i 
ha ha ha I kicked that math midterm's ass I know i got an \A\ " sweet victory it feels good AC aka Korikage out " 
so very tired to bad i got class hope i don't fall asleep again . AC aka Korikage out 
I must bring my ambitions to fruition so that no one has to suffer needlessly nobody should lose their life for no reason I have to change this world before its to late and everything falls apart . AC aka korikage out 
Hmmmmmm ............. 
I am an artist I know beauty when I see it so if I say ur beautiful then it's no lie it is the truth . AC aka Korikage out 
Why do I even bother caring about anybody weather it be family or friend they just continue to disappoint me I'm so tired of this crap . AC aka Korikage out 
No matter how much you want to believe someones a good person even if they don't think so but you know what next time if they say so I'll believe them no more giving the benefit of the doubt 
I can't sleep these thoughts run through my mind I hate this feeling of uselessness y exist if I'm of no help 2 anyone y can't my pain end . AC aka Korikage out 
Is thinking 
Can't sleep 
#17 I've know you since 9th grade and ever since then we've been great friends I glad I met you !! your like my big sis love you !!! <3 
#14 your one of my best friends i'm glad to know you and you'v always been there when I need you love ya <3 
#618 when i first met you i didn't know wat to think but now your like my brother I glad that you always help me when I ask and for dealing with me and my problem I'd like to say thank you for being there for me and thx for all the advice man no homo but i love ya bro 
#5 i don't know much but that your family i wish i could get to know you better but you seem to be a really good person love ya fam 
#313 you're a real cool dude didn't talk that much to you but when i did it was a good conversation hope to talk again sometime sir . 
#1017 you a cool dude funny and you were right should've just trusted you man my bad we still cool right lol . 
I need ....... 
i feel numb well my face does 
now i'm in a better mood thanks laughing gas . 
I made < PROPMALE > and I am < PROPMALE > my life is < PROPMALE > I am a < PROPMALE > ist that can and will change this world . AC of Coon Squad aka Korikage out 
There is only so much I can take and I believe I've reached my limit I don't think I can take it anymore I won't force someone to get help if they don't want it . I'm not a damn hero and I'm only human so I say this < PROPFIRST > Goldenboy Mullins , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Knight , and < PROPMALE > Fox Palm you guys were right ok I just tired of all this 
How very intersting the world has become . AC aka Korikage out 
I may have little faith but now I'm begging god whoever please don't take him away from us but don't let him suffer please not yet I can't take to see him go just yet . AC aka Korikage down but not out 
is about to write a sad poem . AC aka Korikage out 
I wonder ............. 
I think I'm gonna write that poem now 
Poem postpone till i can remember wat i was writing about but i prob won't 
Well i wrote the poem and yet i think it didn't turn out the way i thought it would . :( 
What a pain 
Wondering why 
I want to have intelligent conversation with someone but what a shame there is no one that can or will . AC aka Korikage out 
How could this happen it's not fair why did he have to go now i feel truely dead inside why must feel so much pain ....... I'm so sorry 
What does it truely mean to love someone . 
No matter what I do or what I say , you will never feel the same way for me . AC aka Korikage out 
Is thinking of her . 
Is really pissed off right now 
can't wait to go to japan tired off < PROPFEMALE > and you know what I'm gonna stay there anyone wanna come with me ? 
We need that one person , who holds us tight , keeps us going , keeps our head up , holds us , kisses us , talks with us for hours . Says \Babe I never want to leave you . \ " Tells you they love you every 5 minutes . They are out there and you will know when you see them . " 
kinda bored bout to go to sleep 
Have you ever had the feeling like your truely alone in the world ? AC aka Korikage out 
Well I realise that the more I think about it the more I feel disgusted and disappointed in myself that I made such a big mistake ugh !!! AC aka Korikage out 
Idk what it is about kids but I seem to turn into the perfect parent I just feel at peace and happy inside also my heart seems to be at ease . 
Ah wat a terrible dream 
Need to make some plans for this weekend any suggestion ? 
I quit I not gonna try and build anyone up if you continue to put yourself down I think you all have broke me have fun getting used to the new me . AC aka Korikage out 
I wonder 
I <3 gummy bears their Damn good lol 
Ugh what is this pain tightening in my chest it hurts so Damn bad and it's a physical pain and not some emotional crap yeah i said it . AC aka Korikage in pain 
Turns out my chest pains r stress related should've known & before someone try & say I don't have any stress how the Fuck u gonna tell me wat i got & don't got . 
Wat a waste of human emotion should have never let myself get so attacted but unfortunate 4 me I have a heart well I might as well fix the problem for good . 
I wonder who even reads my status sometimes 
Saw someone get hit by a car i laughed but then i went to sleep . AC aka Korikage I'm back feeling good 
I feel physical , emotional , and mentally drained FML . AC aka Korikage out 
It's funny how people just continue to suprise me with what they say and do but you know what I just couldn't be annoyed with them but it's ok . 
How disappointing ....... 
Has lost his heart 
I'm gonna go see that Green Hornet movie it look awesome anybody wanna come with me ? 
I filled with terror and fear I had the worst most possible nightmare again I never want to that kind of fear and pain again . AC aka Korikage out >_> 
WTH is up with all this damn snow it just keeps coming ahhhhh i'm gonna freeze to death out here . AC aka Korikage freezing my ass off 
Well it seems things have gotten a bit more intersting . AC aka Korikage out 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > will always be a great show 
Man can't wait to see the Green hornet movie seems like no one wants to come with me I'll just go alone . AC aka Korikage out 
Today is gonna be an eventful day . AC aka Korikage out 
I think my phone and < PROPFIRST > overload just now 
Wow what a weekend . AC aka Korikage out 
i feel like crap right now 
wahooooooo !!!!!! another quiz ( easy A in the bag . ) reese's and gummy bears I'm feelin to good right now lol !!! AC of Coon Squad aka Korikage out 
The Green Hornet was an awsome movie !!!!! It was funny as hell so need to find different movie to see hmmmm Season of the Witch looks promising I'll give it some thought . AC aka Korikage out 
Just because it feels good don't make it right . AC aka Korikage out 
It felt so good beings by her side does that mean I'm still in love her ? Maybe who knows . AC aka Korikage out 
As February slowly draws closer I realize I'm get one year older , man that sucks I'm one year closer to death .... :( jk lol Well It's not that bad I guess . AC aka Korikage out 
Between my birthday and < PROPFIRST>'s day I'm not that excited about next month . AC aka Korikage out 
Time together is just ever quite enough\ 
When you and I are alone , I’ve never felt so at home\ 
What will it take to make or break this hint of love ? \ 
Only time , only time\ 
When we’re apart whatever are you thinking of ? \ 
If this is what I call home , why does it feel so alone ? \ 
So tell me darling , do you wish we’d fall in love ? \ 
All the time , all the time . \ 
Saltwater Room by Owl City 
I've been sitting here trying to figure out why I feel the way I do but I don't know if I can't take it I just have to face the answer even if I don't like it . 
hmmm feeling trigger happy bout to go home and play every shooting game I got till my headache goes away Damn midterms they kill me . AC aka Korikage out 
i just got robbed no jokes and they bastards took my wallet trying to stay calm and not jump off the deep end and go out and kill them both those niggas are not gonna get away with this . AC aka Korikage out 
I'm gonna write a poem than off to play Halo Reach . AC aka Korikage out 
I hate this life I hate seeing my mom cry it's not fuckin fair !!!! I going to change this world so much that I never have to see my mom or anybody I love and care about shed another tear . AC aka Korikage out 
Ohayocon was awesome had a great time with my good friends < PROPMALE > MrCasual Coachman , Evin < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > Nom Nom Hill . Also I saw some of my other friends like Angel Life'sViolinfiend < PROPFIRST > , Uneek Akira McKnight , Remington < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Watkins , and < PROPMALE > Fox Palm . AC aka Korikage out 
Finished a new poem last night but I'm not sure if it's any good need some people to read it and give me feedback . AC aka Korikage out 
The words highly upset come to mind right now . AC aka Korikage out 
Damn every school distract is closed and this wind is scary it's shaking my window . AC aka Korikage out 
And boom goes the dynamite . AC aka Korikage out 
I never thought I was much of a poet but it seems I'm better than I thought . AC aka Korikage out 
WHY CAN'T I SLEEP UGH !!!!!!!! AC aka Korikage out 
I wonder why we fall in love ? AC aka Korikage out 
Ahhhh someone save me from this nightmare this hell we call life . >_> AC aka Korikage out 
Suddenly I feel so unluckly and out of place but I guess it's not so bad to be me and I'll be ok . AC aka Korikage out 
I think I'm gonna join the peace corp ........... AC aka Korikage out 
Suddenly I don't feel so great . AC aka Korikage out 
I would say I'm suprised but then again I would be lying . AC aka Korikage out forget this crap >_> 
I better get back to making cranes before Saturday . AC aka Korikage out 
is in deep thought now . AC aka Korikage out 
I feel ........ 
Hmmm in less than 24 hours I'll be one year older wat to do wat to do . AC aka Korikage out 
5 mins 
1 
Happy birthday to me happy birthday to me I'm 19 < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Bitch 
Thanks everyone I love you all . AC aka Korikage out 
All of my hate . AC aka Korikage out 
???????????? 
I think it's about time I remove this mask and show the world what's underneath and you all may just be surprise . AC aka Korikage out 
It's time to get a little revenge this is gonna be fun . AC aka K ? rikage out 
Sometimes I think none of you know me at all . AC aka Korikage out 
I hate morning . AC aka Korikage out 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > her voice is just heavenly and now I'm going to let her voice take me away . AC aka Korikage out 
really why me man can't life be easy for once it's always something FUCK MY LIFE !!!!!!! AC aka Korikage out SMH 
you know what i just don't care about anything cause I will never be at peace so fuck it I'm going to crush the world FTW . AC aka Korikage out ( sinister mind at work ) 
THIS IS MY WORLD YOU JUST HAPPEN TO LIVE IN IT !!!! AC aka Korikage out 
Rest in peace 
For some reason I can't sleep and I'm looking up at the night sky looking for some answers and wondering what I should I do and thinking about her even if I don't know why anymore . AC aka Korikage out 
There are just somethings in life you want to or need to know about some people . AC aka Korikage out 
Ugh if your not playing one of the many games or using any apps facebook is a thousand times more boring than usual . AC aka Korikage out 
My heart feels really heavy right now and I don't know why . AC aka Korikage out 
And the tears just keep coming :'( someone please ease my pain I need a hug right now . AC aka Korikage out 
Music is my second escape from reality and I like to sing along gonna go to ( Six Billion Secrets ) website later maybe . AC aka Korikage out 
WTH man ppl make < PROPMALE > poke avi's now man it's gonna get crowded real quick up in here I'm already suffocating let a man breath ugh X ( . AC aka Korikage dying XP 
I wanna be with you . I really like you . But at the same time I don't . Why ? ' Cause I know you'll hurt me , and not even care . And I don't wanna risk getting hurt again . Weird I really do feel this way about her to bad she can see :P . AC aka Korikage out 
you've just been hacked by your little sista\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Knight :D 
They call me mellow yellow lol . AC aka Korikage out 
Feeling really good for no real reason and that's not the meds talkin Lmfao !!!! AC aka Korikage out 
The weekend was shit and I'm gonna get ready for this math quiz in the afternoon . AC aka Korikage out 
Those who get in my way \I'll bite you to death\ " just like Hibari-san would . AC aka Korikage out " 
is feeling good man . AC aka Korikage out 
this day will forever haunt me for the rest of my life . AC aka Korikage out 
And once again I'm disappointed in myself . AC aka Korikage out 
I'm not feeling to hot something is not right I feel dizzy when I stand up I feel like I'm gonna passed out . AC aka Korikage out 
I <3 my friend and I enjoy life a little more everyday . AC aka Korikage out 
I wonder how the hell I keep making so many friend & they're all a little different lol from thugs 2 skaters it just keeps growing my circle of friends . AC out 
Had an awesome day hangin wit < PROPMALE > Osaka , < PROPFIRST > Watkins , Demitriuzz Green , and Remington < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!! I got a lot of great pics and bout to take my ass to bed super tired . AC aka Korikage out 
Man I'm so not ready for my math final crap man ...... AC aka Korikage out 
I just don't get it anymore . AC aka Korikage out 
I wish you wouldn't stare at me like that it bothers me . AC aka Korikage out 
What this feeling my heart feels heavy and I feel so defeated I wish I could know why it hurts so much I just want someone to hold me and tell me it'll be okay but then again I guess that's asking too much . AC aka Korikage out 
Had an awesome day hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > CanIlive < PROPMALE > and had the biggest laugh when < PROPFIRST > Watkins & < PROPMALE > Fox Palm got a $100 ticket each and wats the word I'm looking for SALT !!!! lol AC aka Korikage chillin 
I hope you find someone that loves you as much if not more than me sweet dreams . AC aka Korikage out 
Every time I go to the ( Six Billion Secrets ) website I feel a little better about my life and I don't feel so alone . AC aka Korikage out 
Hmmmm What's your favorite color ??? AC aka Korikage just asking 
I feel a bit odd 
hmmmmmm 
You know I was thinking of what to say to express the anger and the resentment I have built up but you know what I have to say now FUCK IT . AC aka Korikage out 
I can't treat you like a lady if you act like a hoe period !!!!! AC aka Korikage out 
HAHAHAHA I oddly feel so much better a weight has been lifted kinda so to speak . AC aka Korikage out :p 
ahhh man can't believe wat i just did ugh man this feeling sucks ...... AC aka Korikage out 
WTF did I just see a FREE MY NIGGA sign just now wow black people can be a trip lmfao . AC aka Korikage out 
I'm gonna show her what's behind this mask and blow her mind heh heh . AC aka Korikage out 
and I wonder ....... AC aka Korikage out 
Well my job is done nap time lol . AC aka Korikage out 
The < PROPFEMALE > are lovey aren't they . AC aka Korikage out 
