Oreos ........... 

had a nice workout at the gym this morning ! 
is going to Portland today ! Woot woot ! 
took < PROPFEMALE > to work with me . She can be my assistant , bout time she earned her way ! 
can't wait to get off work ! 
is tired of fake people . If you have something to say , maybe you should say it to my face . 
is bored ! Where is everyone ! 
Happy New Year everyone ! 
I hate my phone ... 
So I had to get my phone replaced and I lost everyone's info , please text or send me a message so I can put it all back into my phone ! 
is thinking about someone ... 
They aint got nothing on you babe ........ Nothing on you baby ! 
So who wants to go to the tulip festival and do the 5 mile run with me ? It will be fun 
going to Seattle for the day ! Hope it stays nice out ... 
Has the day off , time to get some stuff done ! 
is off to my soccer game ! 
so who wants to go see a movie tonight ? I need to get out ! lol 
has a ton of pent up anger at the moment .... I need to go for a long run ! 
Had an awesome run today . Until I stopped and looked around and I didnt know where I was . lol 
someone just hit our mailbox and drove off down the road on a flat tire . I hope the cops find them dumbass people ! 
almost made < PROPFEMALE > miss the bus this morning . oops ! 
Does anyone know how to fix a car door window motor ? I really have to get this done ASAP ! 
is awesome ! 
needs to start planning my drive to VA ! 
Is enjoying my last weekend in WA for awhile , stop by and say bye ! 
Goodbye WA ! Hello Portland ! 
Ok . In Portland chillin with my < PROPFIRST > ! 
Is in Atascadero ! 
Off to Prescott AZ in the morning ! 
Had fun in AZ . Now 13 hours to OKC tomorrow ... 
Anyone know a good place to stay in okc ? 
FML . The closet Starbucks is 50 < PROPMALE > away ... 
Just drove 25 minutes out of my way to find a Starbucks in Mississippi . It was so worth it ! 
Time to go out and enjoy the sun ! I love Atlanta ! 
Saw friends today I haven't seen for awhile . Can't wait to come back ! 
Is praying for Uncle < PROPMALE > . 
Is about to watch some Sealab 2021 ! 
Hehehe I just told < PROPFEMALE > to go kick some balls ... Refering to soccer practice . 
Misses < PROPFIRST > ! 
where is a good place to get a bunch of < PROPFEMALE > clothes ? I guess thats all < PROPFEMALE > wants for her Birthday . lol 
Jaimes having a boy ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! My baby is 6 today ! 
The sun is out ! This is going to be a great day to spend inside working on electric circuits ... 
is wondering why anyone would want to be an electrician ... 
Is SO glad its Friday ! Time to go run 4 < PROPMALE > ! Gotta love it ! 
< PROPFEMALE > scored 2 goals in her soccer game today ! Go < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Your love is my drug 
Ironman2 ! 
So glad its Friday ! Off to VA Beach after class ! 
Loves sushi ! 
is praying for < PROPMALE > mom in the hospital today . We love you < PROPFEMALE > and hope everything is alright ! 
Bought tickets for my mom and kids to come out in June ! I can't wait ! 
Mmmmmmm Coldstone .... 
Misses < PROPFIRST > and my babies ! 
Can't wait to chill with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today ! 
Its peanut butter jelly time ! 
LOST is starting ! 
Definitely needs new running shoes ... 
Is camping ! Woot Woot ! 
Saw < PROPMALE > of Persia and it was awesome . Which was nice after the last couple movies I've watched ... 
So glad its a short week ... 
Hanging at the pool , got the BBQ going . so glad its summer ! 
Its soooooo hot ! 
Helping < PROPFEMALE > with her yard sale ! 
< PROPFEMALE > lost her last tooth ! 
It is so hot and < PROPFEMALE > out and its not even 9 yet ! I wish I could skip work and go to the beach ! 
Has been up for 4 hours already and its already hot out . Yuck ! 
Eating sushi with my babies and mom ! 
Wants to drive up to DC ... Anyone have any info on DC ? 
So ... 
When you can't get what you want how do you decide between what's left ? 
Wants to get chocolate wasted ! 
Team Jacob ! lol 
Is so tired ! Toy Story 3 tonight ! 
already 97 degrees outside and stuck wearing ACUs all day ... why can't the Army do short sleeves and shorts ? and flip-flops ! lol 
wants a trunk monkey . 
Peanut Butter Jelly Time ! 
Is exhausted . After 6 < PROPMALE > wed , 6 < PROPMALE > yesterday and 7 < PROPMALE > today ... 
Is at the pirate festival ! 
Miss my kids already ... 
Wants to play some pickup soccer today ... 
So glad its Friday ! 
I miss my mom ! 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > both in the hospital and I'm stuck across the country . Wish I was back home right now ... 
< PROPFIRST > had her baby ! 
Almost done with this school . Final test on Fridy ! 
Just 9 more days and I can leave VA ... 
Getting my nails done after a long week of ftx its good to feel like a woman again ... 
4 more days ! 
Graduation tomorrow ! Can't wait to be done and get back to WA ! 
All done ! 
It's so nice outside ! I should go to the beach ... 
Is in Richmond ... its so dirty here . 
is in Sandusky Ohio . 
Cedar point was awesome ! Time to jump in the pool ! 
Goodbye Ohio ! Indiana has a faster speed limit , I love it ! 
Is in Chicago at the Navy Pier 
So the Sears tower is now the < PROPMALE > Tower ... but the sky deck is awesome . I will post some pics soon . 
At Lambeau field in Green Bay , its awesome ! 
At the mall of < PROPFEMALE > ! Woot woot ! 
At the new Target field where the Twins play 
At the Vikings metrodome 
Driving through North < PROPFEMALE > ... not much to see . Especially when ur driving directly west into the sunset ... 
In Montana ... Hopefully we can make it to Billings tonight . All these hotels look like they should be in a horror movie 
Almost out of Montana ! Hopefully I will make it home today ! 
In Idaho finally ! 
Almost to Spokane . Excited to see < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Leaving Spokane on my way home ! 
Finally home with my girls ! 
has a box of mostly 24 month clothes and some coats and an infant Kelty Kangaroo carrier and I need to sell them asap if anyone is interested . Really nice stuff ! 
is going for a run ! Gotta start training again .. 
Does anyone want to run the Seattle Half Marathon with me on Nov 28th ? 
At the Puyallup fair today ! 
At drill this weekend getting ready to deploy in < PROPFIRST > . Fun stuff ... 
Is making blackberry pancakes for my Zo ! 
Hiked to Goat Lake , 10 < PROPMALE > roundtrip and it was the perfect day for it ! 
Got some new running shoes to wear in ! 
Ok , so does anyone want to go to the fair on sat ? 
The fair was packed today ! Its so nice outside , better go enjoy my last day of being 25 ! 
Went and saw the town , not as good as I thought it was going to be ... 
Can't believe Zoë is turning 3 tomorrow ! 
Happy birthday to my Zoë ! 
what is national coffee day without free coffee ? 
Needs a job . lol 
Is going to dacca park for the fall festival ! You guys should come ! 
needs to get some nice family portraits done , anyone have any suggestions in the south < PROPMALE > county area ? 
Ready to play some soccer later ! 
Off to hike Mt Stone and the lake of Angels 
Off to work in the morning for my 3 day drill weekend ... 
Had a 13 hour workday on a sat ! At least it wasn't nice out ... 
No school tomorrow ... have to find something fun to do ! 
Getting ready for my pt test in the morning ! Woot woot ! 
Welcome to the suck . Lol . Aka WLC 
So im giving training on tactical field care and it says to determine a casualtys level of responsiveness to squeeze their toe ... hmmmmm 
Back from the field , im so glad its going to be hot and dry in Kuwait .... 
Graduation in 2.5 hours ! 
So glad to be home ! 
What's going on tonight people ? Anyone know any good haunted houses ? 
So tired of stupid people ! 
who has season 3 or 4 of < PROPMALE > ? I am hooked now im gonna have to get it .... 
needs a cheap tune up and timing belt for my car .... Anyone know a good mechanic ? 
Its so nice out ! Wish I didn't have to work .... well at least < PROPFIRST > and I have date night tonight ! Woot woot ! 
Moving trucks around today , I think I want an LMTV .... 
is heading to Yakistan in the morning ... Driving a 5 Ton , I hope we make it ! 
So , still waiting to leave .... 
On the road ! For the next 6 hours ... 
At Ellensburg , almost there ! 
Made it finally ! 
Land nav class ... fun ! 
Is ready to throw some grenades ! KILL ! Lol 
Ran 6 < PROPMALE > today .... 3 weeks til the half marathon ! 
Time to take over ! Watch out ! Hehehe ... 
Its pouring down snow and we are outside taking over ... at least we have some concealment ... 
Its not snowing ! But still cold . Running FOB operations and vehicle searches . Fun ! 
Did some downed aircraft training today , kicked some butt ! 
And so it starts again ... 
Ia about to go on a UH-60 flight ! Woot woot ! 
Welcome to the suck ... 
what the hell am I looking for ... 
Is stuck in the worst traffic ! Where did all these people come from ? 
2 hours till go time ! Lol 
About to watch Predators ! Better be good ! 
Snow day ! 
Had the fireplace going and lamps lit , then the power came back on ... maybe it will go out again . Lol 
Went to Costco and it was packed ! Stay at home people ! 
Is going to watch Grown Ups and eat soy beans ! Yummy ! 
Put up the tree and lights today with the kids , put on the Xmas music , started baking pies , then our power went out ... 
So we just saw Due Date , hilarious ! And then decided to google itsrainingtwoandahalfmen.com and its really set up as his < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Is going shopping ! Southcenter herr we come ! 
Spending time with < PROPFIRST > and Zozo . Maybe going to the tree lighting in Seattle ? 
All registered for my half marathon tomorrow ! Who's gonna come out and < PROPFEMALE > me back to my car ? Lol 
Its go time ! 
Made it under 2 hours ! Woot woot ! 
My first half marathon : 1:59 . 20 ! 
Playing with Zo at the mall , then movie time later when < PROPFEMALE > gets home ! Its a girls day today ! 
I heart 3 day drill weekends ... 
Pt ! 
Got my new running shoes in the mail today ! Vibram Fivefingers Bikilas , I heart them ! 
cant wait to go for a run after work ! 
On my way to PNW Ballet to see The Nutcracker ! 
12 bars of Christmas tonight in Seattle ! Who is going to come out tonight ? 
Who is up for tubing at the snow park sat ? 
Off to my game ! 
All ready for the SnoPark tomorrow morning ! The kids cant wait ! 
Snow time ! 
So glad Monday is over ! 
Who wants to go look at Christmas lights tonight ? 
Cookies ! 
Has all week off to spend with the girls ! 
On my way to Seattle REI , after snowshoeing earlier I realized I need some more gear ... 
Riding the lightrail ! 
On my way to Portland to see < PROPFIRST > ! Woot woot ! 
GO SEAHAWKS ! 
Hearts robot unicorns ! 
Feb 12th , Snowshoe to stomp out Breast Cancer , who is coming with me ? 
Finally decided on my next tattoo ... 
Looking for guitar lessons for < PROPFEMALE > ... and maybe piano lessons for Zo ... anyone have any info ? 
cant wait to be done with my field sanitation class tomorrow .... 
Anyone want to get rid of some wii controllers or games ? 
Chillin with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
its gym time ! I guess I have to work off all the junk food I ate yesterday ... 
Is excited for the Superbowl tomorrow ! Go Packers ! 
Come on Packers ! Hold on ! 
Green Bay Packers , Greastest team ever ! After the Seahawks ... lol 
Is awesome ! 
After 7 hours I have emerged as the reigning Risk champion ! 
Enjoying my last day of freedom with my < PROPFEMALE > getting our nails did ! Lol 
Waiting to get on our plane in a big metal building with no heat ... at least it will b hot in Kuwait . 
So I will be in TX in about 4 hours . Later home fries ! 
So I'm stuck on north fort hood for awhile and its really small ... ran around our base and only got in 2.65 < PROPMALE > . Blah 
Is stuck in TX , lol I can't wait to get out of Ft Hood ! 
My new address for the next month : SGT < PROPFIRST > , 1-168th GSAB , North Fort Hood , TX 76544 
Wishes I knew someone stationed at Ft Hood . This place sucks ... 
So I owned this squirrel in the golf cart on my to the airfield this morning ... he never had a < PROPMALE > 
Was defeated by a large cotter pin ... FML 
People need to man up and grow a pair . This is the military , not girl scouts ... 
So I've waiting weeks for these new running shoes cause mine are almost falling apart and they are so not what they said they were online ... FML 
