got back from florida , tired and spacey 

and to think i made a joke about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > the day before he died ... maybe i shouldnt tell jokes 
goin to six flags tomorrow , anyone else goin ? 
is so fuckin confused about everything 
misses the old days in NY and SC and 09/10/08 
Mellow 
needs some good bands to listen to , any suggestions ? that or some songs 
im so pist right now first my dad and now i have to deal wit her bullshit im fuckin tired of all this . ima try to mellow out now , watch superman 
my great grandfather just died , idk how im tryin to figure it all out 
just finsihed my english and health hw gettin off till tomorrow , remember rule 32 : enjoy the little things in life 
got 2 questions 1 . does anyone know how to work bittorrent and 2 . does anyone know anythin about explosions in the sky 
Fright Fest is offically the best time of my life 
thinkin of gettin rid of my superman stuff 
to anyone whos been tryin to get ahold of me my mom took my phone and idk when ima get it bak 
is gonna make napalm this wkend 
how is it that ur body is hyper but ur mind is knocked out 
Hopes < PROPFIRST > loses so the EAGLES get to b division leader . 
wats wit everyone havin a pokemon pic or their profilepic ? 
dude y do dreams always have to b screwed up 
... atleast the lakers won today 
feels like superman again 
could it b the sign of the end of the world since jcps is closed ... hmmm 
duck tape ... the greatest invention ever 
hates when facebook acts up 
ur not ur job , ur not how much money u have in the bank , ur not the contents of ur wallet , ur not ur fuckin khakis , ur r the all singin , all dancin crap of the world 
alright i think someone just sent me a spam account ' 
Sweetness my car is almost bak cant wait 
So tell me now , if this aint love then how do we get out ? 
WTF SERIOUSLY WE TRADE MCNABB TO THE REDSKINS !?! 
moshin 
life is good 
Dad if ur on facebook send me a message 
Thunder was pretty good , especially when after ur blastin the radio down the highway . 
Does anyone have my all that remains cd i cant remember who i gave it 2 
All i want is a little of the good life 
Lets get this prom started 
Sittin at ihop waitin for a table ... prom was better than i thought it b 
gettin a new car tomorrow 
Car plans put on hold till tomorrow 
Dad callwhen u get the < PROPMALE > 
Just got my new car . Its a ' 09 < PROPFEMALE > rio and silver ... i believe i have a little of the good life 
no phone for three wks cuz it broke ... fml 
when u fudge up , u get bak on d 
pardon me while i burst into flame 
I need you to hear , I need you to see that I have had all I can take and\ 
exploding seems like a definite possibility to me ... i gotta love this song 
if i go crazy then would u still call me superman 
does anyone know wat time the senior thing starts at ? 
gettin my new phone 
I got my new phone 
text me if u dont have my number message me 
Bang 
Red Dragons ! 
it just hit me that i dont have to goto high skewl anymore ... it seems werid 
First job done second about to start 
Just had my last day at the ... its kinda sad since im not gonna see any of the little kids anymore 
Graduation in less than 10 hrs ! 
Damn i hate waitin .... about 5 more hrs 
hey if u dont have the address for my party send me a message and ill give it to u 
Im so freakin bored 
Time is running out 
So freakin confused 
2 nd a half hrs away 
In illinios ... holy cow its borin 
Heading to the stop , needs to clear my mind and forget some stuff 
Im not sum boy that u can sway 
All u need to do is put a little fire in ur life 
Secerts 
So throw ur diamonds in the air , we'll stay gold forever 
Sitting around bein bored debatin on wat to do this wkend 
Goin to work for sum extra hrs 
... she fell asleep 
Listenin to the baha men ... old cds 
Missin secerts 
Bak in town for the day 
goin thru my phone delete the peoples number i dont talk to anymore 
ur eyes are the brightest of all the colors 
Bored stuck at < PROPMALE > for 3 hrs text me if u r up 
She's my sweet lil thing , she's my pride and joy . 
... i think she fell asleep ... again 
If love is a labor , ill slave till the end 
Bored sumone text me 
4 days 
I hate insomnia makes u think things u shouldnt and makes u doubt things u shouldnt 
In Kentucky again ... sweetness 
the ignorance of younger siblings is really starting to get annoyin to me ... grow up people 
Anyone know where to find a good wolf tattoo ? 
can anyone else not do a cta 
There was no way that was a freakin tapout , stupid ref 
< PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs . the world my new number 1 movie 
Hard to believe that everyone is goin to school tomorrow and ima be at home just sittin around for another week 
chillin in the dorms tomorrow is gonna b good 
tonight was good , just hate when things start to slow down ... maybe i should gain insomnia and create an alter ego and try to create i chain of fight clubs ? 
3 hrs till my next class wat to do wat to do ? 
Done wit my first day of college 
Gotta love college classes so spread out i get 5 hrs of chill time 
someone hacked my profile 
i got a question for everyone ... Religion or Science , which one is right or are both right ? 
First wk of college is done pretty ez the only class kickin my butt is pt but not for long 
Just finished my first paper and i gotta say if it wasnt for mr kyser's journal entries i might not have finished 
whoever is textin me and callin my phones broke so i cant answer either one 
no phone for my bday 
just bought my firdt lotto ticket feel kinda accomplished(rvrn tho i know i sound dumb ) , and thanks to everyone that wished me a happy birthday 
Done wit wk 2 ... 16 left for first semester 
12089 text in a month ... new personal record :D 
... i hate aleks software 
Just got done with ftx ... so tired 
Oxygen gets you high . In a catastrophic emergency , you're taking giant panicked breaths . Suddenly you become euphoric , docile . You accept your fate . It's all right here . Emergency water landing - 600 < PROPMALE > an hour . Blank faces , calm as Hindu cows . 
aint no rest for the wicked 
i feel accomplished , i've learned 4 bass songs in one day 
? I'm a pirate ? 
i freakin hate alek software and i need a stupid graphin calculator 
What Do You Want To Do Before You Die ? 
Ignore that last post my friend hijacked my phone ... again . still wondering what people would like to dobefore they die 
i've got PT in 6 hrs and i cant sleep ... fml 
i hate these fake people who join the support the troops groups , if you wanna support them y don't u join or volunteer for the military ... seriously 
Inbox only . Tell me something you've always wanted to say to me . Stays between us , promise . Put this as your status , & see what you get . 
I just spent the last 10 mins in class having to listen to a lecture about how to open a file on the computer ... fml 
I know the movie never back down so well i can qoute it in my sleep ... seriously 
Roadtrip 
back from a quick road trip to joliet 
hate my itk160 class i dont wanna go today but we have a test 
and so it begins again ... 
15m swim with a rifle , tread water for 5 < PROPFEMALE > s , 10 < PROPFEMALE > swim , jump off diving board with a blindfold and rifle , remove all gear before co < PROPFEMALE > g up ... all finished and it was an awesome experience 
If you could go back in time and change something , would you ? 
Headed out to get my tonsils removed ill b out of it for like 5 hrs 
apple juice and icecream ... best thing to have when u have ur tonsils removed . heading down to ky later today hopefully i get to see everyone this time hit me up if u do 
... i hate hiccups . They r bak to annoy me again nonstop all day 
Headed into surgery again to stop the bleeding 
Hiccup Wars episode 4 : Revenge of the Hiccups 
Cant sleep 
wat is with all these question answer statuses ? 
In town bored . Someone hit me up 
writing my paper about facebook privacy and came upon two disturbing articles about what happened when peoples privacy settings were hacked . i don't wanna finish this paper now but i know i have to . 
can it be atleast be over 20 degrees here ? 
facebook is now numberbook ... thanks a lot people 
2519 2617 1412 ... bet no one knows what this means 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours too 
drained from all these stupid finals 
talk about that eagles miracle . went from 3-24 to 37-31 in just 7 mins of the 4th quater . 
Theres a wocket in my pocket 
So bored ... 
There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age . Remove yourself by searching your name , find the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , then go to the bottom right corner of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on the Privacy button to remove yourself . Copy & re-post so your FB friends are aware . 
и Ќи и ии и ии Ќи и ии и ии иЌ и 
how about them packers ? 
kinda gettin feed up with military post 
Gotta love this snow day 
Are there any other survivors of SNOWPOCALYPSE ? 
Shesh people having sex in b dubs bathroom ... isnt life fun 
< PROPFIRST > cutlers nickname ... 50 cent , cuz you only get 2 quarters out of him 
go pack go 
HOW ABOUT THEM SUPER BOWL CHAMPIONS THE PACKERS !!! 
i hate programming 
anyone know any good hardcore or screamo bands 
needs to find a tutor for accounting ... any ideas ? 
The weather is so awesome today , we went from 32 to 56 in one day . So glad my accounting teacher gave use half the points we missed bak . 
finally got a job 
so now its a regret 
\The compiler doesn't know what the opposite of letter is . \ " \ 
about time we get a break here 
tired of whiny fb statuses ... grow up 
If all dogs go to heaven do you think < PROPFIRST > Vick is gonna be nervous ? 
think i might be changing my < PROPMALE > but idk what to though ... any suggestions ? 
To give to you my sin , to give myself again . \ 
And this is my call to the faithful , I'll be for only you . \ 
Doing what you , have called to me , no one could ever understand , \ 
my shame you took with those nails in your hands . 
