I suppose this is the first day of the rest of my life . I am homeless , jobless ( for now ) and own nothing . I've closed doors and trying to unlock windows . I have the love of my girls , family and friends , what better to start a new life with . 

< PROPFIRST > and I have had a wonderful day . Lunch at Shucks on the Levee , a little shopping and watched the movie Gamers , a bit intense . I'm sitting in her room on call and she is at the math lab for a couple of hours . Will stop at the grocery store and head back to the \dead zone\ " around 10p CST . " 
My first day in Syracuse was quite interesting . The city is nothing like cities in the south . It appears to be more complicated to navigate . They even have round abouts for < PROPMALE > roads . The hospital looks very intimidating . Forget the fact that its huge , its downtown with lots of one way roads , roads under bridges and there is construction going on . Wish me luck !! Oh , its 55 degrees up here and raining . 
My first day off from work was cold , rainy and miserable . Today on the other hand was absolutely fabulous . Granted its still a bit cold 55 , but the sun was out . I went to the apple orchards to pick apples but ended tasting apple wine and apple vodka . YUM ! Then headed to a small town to eat lunch that was absolutely breathtaking . It was situated on a huge lake , very quaint . Very nice day . 
< PROPFEMALE > has been here since Thursday night . We have had the BEST time . We are going to have a great time picking apples , tasting apple wine and apple vodka then lunch at a very quaint little town . I'm going to miss her terribly . We both wish < PROPFIRST > were here !! 
I miss everyone terribly !! Its definitely not how I thought I was going to spend my 50th birthday . 
D Day is here and everyone wishing me happy birthday is making it so much better . Thank you for thinking about me . I miss everyone and hope to see you soon . I'm off to write a paper for school then possibly a movie and dinner . Any suggestions on movies ? 
I'm off for the next two days . Hoping to get lots accomplished . I will be so glad when I finish my Algebra class , its killing me . Its 28 degrees here with no snow but at least its not raining ice . That is what is does when its below freezing point right ? Hope everyone is having a great day . 
There is snow on the ground ( just a little ) and its actually 33 degrees today AND the sun is shining . Went on a 4 mile walk on the Erie Canal . It was fabulous . Forget Algebra for a while , I'm heading to Skaneateles for some apple wine and do lunch on the lake . I miss everyone !!! 
When I woke up this morning , there was 6\ of snow on my FJ cruiser . I can tell you it is NO fun brushing off snow at 6 in the morning before work . And people willingly live up here . < PROPFIRST > . the 4th can't get here soon enough !! " 
I have finally finished my Algebra class !!!! Thank the good Lord ! After spending countless hours and tons of frustration , I got a B . Needless to say that will mess up my grade point average . But I'm thankful for the B but more importantly just for passing . Its snowing here in Syracuse , very pretty . A bit cold 19 degrees . But the sun is out !!! Everyone have a great day ! 
I've made it to St. < PROPFIRST > Missouri . Its about an hour or so out of St. < PROPFIRST > . I have to admit , I thought I was going to die this morning . I started out in Erie , < PROPFEMALE > . There was an additional 2 ' of snow , the interstate had a trail to follow , the snow was falling blindly and I kept sliding on the roads . I quite counting at 5 of the number of cars that had slid off the interstate . Hope everyone had a great day !! 
I've made it to California . I only have 5 hours left to drive tomorrow to get to my new apartment in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . I have to say I didn't think I would ever get here . 2500 < PROPMALE > is a long way to drive by yourself . Thanks for all the support on my journey . 
My first day in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > was quite productive . I got my car hand washed , inside and out for $17 . What a deal . I < PROPFEMALE > to the farmers market for some fresh fruits and vegetables and hummus ( yum ) . I also got my internet hooked up . I've unpacked all my boxes and I cooked dinner in my apaartment for the first time . Hope everyone is having a great weekend ! 
Yesterday I spent the day at Fisherman's Wharf . Had a shrimp sandwhich and clam chowder at Alioti's . It was fabulous . Then went on a brisk 3.5 mile walk and looked at all the different piers . Saw some different sites , including people and watched a little break dancing . Nice day . 
Well , I actually start my new assignment tomorrow . Unfortunately , I have an entire week of HR and computer training . I know its not going to be boring . California is definitely different from the rest of the country but in a nice way . I've enjoyed exploring and look forward to lots more day trips . I miss everyone back home !! 
My next assignment is in Sitka , Alaska . YEA !! 
My last day at Kaiser San < PROPFIRST > is tomorow . Then I have less than 24 hours to pack my belongings , pack my car , get an oil change , finish my math class , start my Chemistry class and start driving towards Louisiana to see < PROPFIRST > !! I can't wait to see her , its been almost 5 months and I need < PROPFIRST > time . I had < PROPMALE > time so that that isn't on empty !! 
My last day in San Jose !! \ 
I have enjoyed this assignment and all the people I work with . I will miss them !! 
well , I'm out of California and past Phoenix . I'm hoping to get into Texas tonight , but I'm not sure bow big New Mexico is . 
Made it to El Paso , TX . It was a very long day of driving . I'm hoping to get to Louisiana tomorrow . 
Well , I didn't make it to Louisiana but I'm on the east side of < PROPMALE > so tomorrow will only be a 6ish hour day of driving as opposed to a 12ish hour day . 
Spent a fabulous day with < PROPFIRST > in Baton Rouge . I'm never letting more than 3 months go without seeing my girls !! 
Well , at the hotel in Atlanta , GA waiting to fly out to Sitka , AK tomorrow morning . I leave at 0820 and get to Sitka at 1745 Alaska time , 4 hours earlier than Eastern time zone . Spent a wonderful week in North < PROPFEMALE > with great friends whom I'm going to miss terribly . 
Sitting at the Seattle airport for 5 hours waiting for my flight to Sitka . Having some fish and chips and a Long Island Iced tea to hold me over . I start work tomorrow at 8a . Good thing its daylight until 2130 so I can get around to the grocery store a bit easier . 
Just finished walking home from work . Its about 2.2 < PROPMALE > of wonderful site seeing . Its about 60 degrees and low humidity . Not too cold , not too hot for walking . Work is going to be VERY different . There is no RT at night so I'll have to do vent checks !! < PROPFIRST > where are you ??? I'm going to really enjoy this assignment . 
Its 10p and still daylight !!!! 
Went hiking with a non for profit group that goes every weekend . Went to Herring Cove trail that leads up to Beaver Lake . It was fabulously beautiful . Mobile uploads are taking awhile . 
Until I get my camera cord I can't post any pictures . If you would like to see the pictures from my hike at Herring Cove you can go to Sitka Trail Works and check the hike out . The pictures are fabulous . 
Tonight is my first night shift . I hope I make it . I am sooo not a night person . When I was there for a class this morning there was only one patient . Its going to be a lonnnggg night . I think I'll bring my Chemistry , I could definitely use time on that !! 
After working my first night shift , I walked home which is about 2.2 < PROPMALE > , ate some breakfast with protein , took a melatonin and slept for 8 hours !! It was unbelievable . I might be able to work nights for these 13 weeks but its going to be a long 13 weeks ! 
Well , I repeated my after work walk , ate the same breakfast , took a melatonin and I've gotten less than 4 hours of sleep and can't sleep . I'm on my last night of three . OMG I'm going to die tonight !! Plus I'm orienting in the emergency room to boot . 
Sitting in Harrigan Hall waiting for the family concert to begin . the view behind the concert is gorgeous ! 
Last day off , tomorrow start 3 night shifts in a row . Only 30 more shifts !! This is going to be a long assignment . Would anybody like to take my acids and bases Chemistry test today ? I will pay well !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love working nights . I love working nights . I love working nights . I love working nights . Its not working !!!! 
My last night then I'm off for 7 days !! I will only have 26 night shifts left . I guess you can tell I'm counting down . 
I NEED sunshine !!! 
On my second night of three in a row . Of course since I sleep during the day and work at night there is some sun shining through and I think I even see some blue sky . When its fabulous here there is nothing to compare but when its not its really not . Only 24 more shifts after tonight . 
Getting ready for my last of three nights . Tomorrow is the All You Can Eat Crab Feast for the Sitka Music Festival . YUM , I love Alaskan < PROPMALE > crab . I hope everyone has a fabulous weekend . I wish I was in < PROPMALE > celebrating with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > at their engagement party !! Congratulations !! 
I have NO patients to take care of . 
As you can tell by the picture the crab feast was VERY good . If I knew , I could have brought some wine . That was the only thing missing and maybe a little company . But it was quite an enjoyable afternoon . Happy Father's Day to all you dads !! 
Off to work shortly . Worked the ER last night had lots of fun but very busy . Off tomorrow then work on Friday . Have a great evening ! 
Well , off to work on a Friday night . Hopefully , I'll be hiking in the morning for a couple of hours , depends on how tired I am after working . Then I'm off for 5 days !! YAY !!! 
Just finished my second night at work , only one left then a couple of days off . I hope I get to see the fireworks tonight . I work the ER so ..... The fireworks start at 11:30 p . Its raining today , I hope its pretty tomorrow . Short nap after work then the parade and lots of wonderful events . Happy 4th of July weekend !! 
OK , today is a day that everyone should be jealous of . I'm actually off and the sun is shining and there are only a few clouds in the sky AND its 65 degrees . It is absolutely , fabulously beautiful . I'm heading to the water to see if I can see the eagles fishing . 
Back to work tonight . I think if I could invent glasses with windshield wipers on them I could make a fortune up here in Sitka , AK . Heading back to the lower 48 on August 19th . Going to Louisiana to see my baby first , then to Florida to see my other baby !! I am so excited . 
The sun is shining !!! I am heading outside to ride my bike and workout . 
Well in case anyone wants to know , I made my A in Chemistry and an A in Nursing Research . I was very worried about Chemistry . Thank goodness its over !!! 
Tomorrow is my last day off until I head for Louisiana to see may sweet baby and then to Florida to see my other sweet baby . AND its supposed to be sunshining tomorrow !! Sitka is absolutely beautiful when the sun is out . 
I completed my last \night\ " of work . I'm on call for CFIM and packing to leave for Louisiana at 0600 in the morning . I will get to see my sweet baby tomorrow night . I am very excited to be heading back to the lower 48 . Alaska is beautiful and definitely a must see . I would come back IF I had a day position and not nights !! The people are wonderful . I made some very wonderful friends !! " 
Well , I'm in Juneau , the first stop of four . ready to be home !! 
I got the job in Manhattan !! 
I start on September 1st at Memorial Kettering in Manhattan in the Interventional Radiology Department .. Four ten hour days , no nights , no weekends or holidays . 
I should be in < PROPMALE > tonight but I'm stuck in Memphis , missed my flight by 5 minutes . This is not how I wanted to spend the evening !! I have to wait another day to see my other wonderful baby ! 
I had the most wonderful time being with < PROPFIRST > !! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are going to the beach today !! I have been running nonstop since I left my quiet life in Alaska and need to calm the soul . I think I have all my paperwork done for my new assignment . The sun is out and it looks gorgeous . 
Finding the perfect apartment was a bit overshadowed by me breaking my ankle on the move over . doing well , just a little slower . Ditching the crutches as soon as I can . 
Well , its back to work . The ankle might give me a little trouble especially when I have to wear lead . We shall see . I did get my apartment finished yesterday . Need to go shopping for groceries though . Maybe I'll have them delivered !! That's an idea . Have a great day ! 
It's a beautiful day here in NYC ! The sun is shining and its 70 degrees . I think I'm going to hobble around a bit and see central park and get to know the area a bit . 
My 4 day weekend has started !! I'm so excited , hoping to see a bit of NYC . I'm also going to finish my apartment and get some additional homework done . 
Beautiful day today !! going to a street fair , a fall eqinox festival and the MoMA . 
After church , went to Coney Island in Brooklyn . Ate a chili dog from < PROPMALE>'s on the Boardwalk . Beautiful day ! 
Had the entire day off !! Beautiful day !! Planned to go to Central Park but had to wait on UPS to deliver my two boxes . They are both extremely heavy and no way I can < PROPFEMALE > them esp . with a broken ankle . And guess what ? Neither has come yet ! 
Just got off work !! Busy day !! Off for the weekend , yea !! Not sure what I'm going to do though . There is supposed to be a festival in Little Italy , possibility . Lots of things to see . 
At the San Gennaro parade ! 
Watching off Broadway play 39 steps , its really good !! 
Well , after four weeks in a boot for my broken ankle , it gets to come off today !!!! What a lovely thing . Now I just have to work on getting all the strength back before twisting it again . 
I would like to thank everyone for their Birthday wishes !! \ 
I had a fabulous birthday . 
I'm not sure if anyone is going to be surprised or not but I have taken a permanent position at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan , NY . The offer was too good to pass up . I really enjoy working in the Interventional Radiology Department . If anyone wants to visit just let me know !! 
I had the best Thanksgiving in the world . I had both my girls with me , went to the Macys Day Parade , had wonderful food and the Saints won . Life doesn't get any better than that . 
I'm going to miss my sweet angel . < PROPFIRST > left last night . 
