Morning Everyone !!! I have some bad news ..... I LOST MY EARRING !!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH . NOW I HAVE TO BUY ANOTHER ONE !!. Well its time for an upgrade anyway I have had it for like 10 years anyway . 

I am sooo ready for this weekend to come ... and then the next weekend to come ... and then the next weekend after that to come !!! 
So i am very excited about going to NYC this weekend !!! 
So Beyonce better bring it tomorrow night at the Verizon Center !! Be there !! I WILL !!! 
ok so im < PROPFEMALE > tired from the whole week !!!.... Beyonce was last wednesday .... New York was the weekend ... Saw Brandy ... Ashanti on Broadway ... and even saw the Asian guy who plays in the white castle movie !! I am done !! 
Ugghhh im sick ..... is that better !!! 
Yay for yuummy soup to make me feel better ... and its made by the Chef for it has extra Heartiness !! Compliments to the Chef !!!! =) 
Happy 4th ALL !!! 
FOOD !!!! 
Ohhhhh what a world !!! Wat a world ... wat a wooorrllddd .... 
Is this a Sweet Dream ... Or a Beautiful Nightmare ???? 
Good Morning Everyone !!! Anyone up for a Pasta inspired dinner tonight ??? =) 
IM HUNGRY !!! 
There are no snacks in this house !! Can someone please tell me why ??? Not even a regular Potato Chip !! LOL 
So I love complications at the job ... I have an unexpected day off today ... i might go in though ... TO SHOP !! LOL 
Breakfast Time !! 
I know its summer but i just had to make myself a bowl of Cream of Wheat 
So im not used to being off on a Tuesday ... and there are still no snacks in this house !!! I need snacks to help build up my Metabolism !! LOL 
So I forgot that the new season os Big Brother is on !! I missed 2 episodes already !! I need to catch up !! 
So I was off again today because of Servers crashing AGAIN at my job !! Just woke up from a nap and now it is SNACK TIME =) .... The snacks have FINALLY entered the house .. 
Big Brother Time People !!! 
Ok So you Think You Can Dance TIME !! 
I have a busy day tomorrow at work so people better get out my way ! They will get run over !!! 
Ok sooo tomorrow is going to be a nightmare at work ! I am not playing around at work tomorrow 
Someone please remind me to take 2 shots of Vodka before i head to work tomorrow morning ... Today was Crazy and exhausting !! Spent almost 12 hours working ... What the F%$& !!! 
Anyone up for some shots ??? lol 
Ok so forget the shots !! I have something better ... Lemon Pound cake with French Vanilla Ice cream !! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT !!! If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and I . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you 
Can U say Garlic mashed potatoes with Sloppy < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Nothing like watchin Big Brother eating some lemon pound cake and Ice cream !! Life is good Life is Grand !! 
Im so tired ... =( 
How you doin ??? 
OMG work at 4AM !!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! 
Very Tired !! My legs and Calves hurt uggghhhh !!!! 
Ok its Fish Taco time !!! YEEEEESSS !!! 
Ok < PROPFEMALE > im loving Thursdays now ! I have my whole line up of Shows tonight from 8pm to 11pm ... If u feeling me give me a dollar !!! LOL 
No Party In ATL for me !!!! Especially with that Party Planner !! LOL 
Its dinner time !!! =) 
Well ...... 
Sooo .... Cookies and Cream ice cream has taken over my night 
Our space songs on a spider web sitar Life is around you and in you Answer for < PROPFIRST > Leary , dearie Let the sunshine Let the sunshine in The sunshine in Let the sunshine Let the sunshine in The sunshine in Let the sunshine Let the sunshine in The sun shi 
Are you pondering what I'm pondering ???? 
BIG BROTHER TIME !!! 
Cookies and Cream Ice Cream time !!!! 
Sooooo VH1 is having DIVAS 2009 coming in a couple of weeks and they have announced 4 of the 8 DIVAS .... Kelly Clarkson ... Miley Cyrus ... Adele .... and < PROPFEMALE > Lewis ..... Comments ... questions ... concerns ??? 
WOW ....... 
Almost Big Brother time !!!! What should i snack on tonight ??? Any suggestions ??? 
Dinner time !!!!.... Can you telll that I LOVE TO EAT !!! LOL .... Ok i will be taking suggestions on what to snack on when I watch my So You Think You Can Dance Finale Part 1 tonight !!! 
Ok so ........ I LOVE SO YOU THINK YOU CAN DANCE !!!! I LOVE SO YOU THINK YOU CAN DANCE !!!!! 
So Im watching So You Think You Can Dance .... and I will watch Big Brother online !! 
I cant wait till AMERICAS BEST DANCE CREW TONIGHT AT 9 !!!!! 
Ok all day yesterday i was smelling Sweet Potato Pie .... And today i was smelling Coconut . LOL ... Sooo ummm who wants to make me a Sweet Potato Pie ??? LOL 
Mirror Mirror on the wall .... Do I need Lotion on my Elbows ??? LOL 
So its Pound cake and Ice cream time !! If your with let me hear u say YEEEEEAAAAAHHHHH !!!! 
YUMMY CHINESE FOOD !! DO NOT DISTURB OR U WILL LOSE YOUR FINGERS !! LOL 
I think im gonna lose my mind ARTISTRY IN MOTION IS GONE !! ARE U KIDDIN ME ?!?!? 
My bestfriend says 2 bucks equals 35miles in gas on a Mazda !! Any Questions ?? Or Concerns ??? 
Cookies and Cream Ice Cream time !! I love Thursday nights !!! 
10s 10s across the board ..... When I appear they all applaud =) 
So I think I am addicted to Cookies and Cream Ice Cream ... Thank goodness these bowls of ice cream have not shown up on areas of my body where it would require me to work out lol 
“Those who enjoy their own emotionally bad health and who habitually fill their own minds with the rank poisons of suspicion , jealousy and hatred , as a rule take umbrage at those who refuse to do likewise , and they find a perverted relief in trying to denigrate them . ” - Johannes Brahms 
“Without craftsmanship , inspiration is a mere < PROPMALE > shaken in the wind” - Johannes Brahms 
So on the menu for dinner ...... Salad with a baked potato and Tilapia ... and get this .. MOM MADE IT YUUUUMMMMM 
So today a Co-worker brought all the employees Papa Johns Pizza for Lunch !! She won it BIG at Delaware Park hitting the slots !! $ 15,000 !!! Anyone up for a trip to Delaware ???? LOL 
Today has been such a relaxing day ! YAY !! =) Who wants a drink ??? lol 
Had a wonderful weekend !! Thanks to everyone who made it enjoyable ! =) 
Ok Facebook .... they have just released 2 more divas to be on VH1 Divas 2009 .... Paula < PROPMALE > and Jordin Sparks ..... Comments ?? Questions ?? Concerns ??? 
OMG !!! I thought this day would never come but it has !! My dad brought KFC for dinner !! Now all my close friends know how i feel about KFC !! Now I have to have a little talk with my parents about THE STRESSED MSG CHICKEN !! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!! 
So I just got off the phone with a great friend and he just told me ... lol ..... that he just read a study on Light skinned African Americans lol ... and he also said that the results are not in my favor lol .... WTF !!!!! LOL I mean i know im difficult but GOODNESS !!!! LOL 
BIG BROTHER TIME !!! With Double < PROPFIRST > Cheesecake Ice Cream !!! 
\She Better get Black and Get Black real fast !! \"- NeNe .... LOL !!! I love it !!! " 
So my weekend has been pretty relaxing ..... actually all my weekends for the past month and a half have been pretty relaxing ... It's starting to get kind of annoying .. I need some excitement in my life soon or I think I am going to Burst !!! 
I have a question that I have been Pondering for awhile now ... Why do people still stick up their middle finger in pictures ?? Come on now can we keep it classy ?!?! What do you think ??? 
Good Morning !!! I have this comment to make .... Everyone is a buzz about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and her little comeback ... Well she can have the spotlight for a couple more months because after that My girl < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is gonna blow her right out of the way !!! With her anticipated performance tonight on the VMA's , her role on < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Movie \ Why did I get married Too\ " and her working on her new album . Look out 2010 !!! " 
GO RAVENS !! GO RAVENS !!! GO RAVENS !! 
Ok so I have a night of shows !! < PROPFEMALE>'s best dance crew ... then Big Brother ... then The MTV Music Video Awards ... I hope I have enough dessert for all this TV watching ! LOL Can you say !! Cookies and Cream Ice Cream ??? I might even add some pound cake in the mix too !! LOL =) 
OMG < PROPFEMALE > KILLED IT !!! 
That is why I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !! Only on the stage for 2 mins and she tore down NYC !! 
Now how diddy know who T.I. wanted to thank ???? lol SIT DOWN DIDDY !!! 
Big Brother Finale Time !!! 2hr Finale I might add !! LOL 
Live from < PROPMALE > Center with the New York Philharmonic was great ! If you dont know anything about it then I am going to need you to get some culture in your life other than Hip Hop !!! 
Finally Heroes !!! My Monday nights will not be boring anymore . 
Eating a Yummy lemon CUPCAKE !! Your not the only one who can get cupcakes < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Its grub time !! On the Menu : Baked Tilapia ... Mac n cheese .. Steamed Broccoli and Carrots and Califlower ... Candied Yams ... Corn Bread .. Creamed Spinach !! 
Lets go RAVENS !!!! 4-0 Today at New England !!! 
RAVENS MAKING THOSE PLAYS NOW COME ON !!! 
That was a good game !! We were sooo close !!!! 
Hey Everyone !!!.... =) 
Allllllriigghhtttyy Then ....... 
Dinner time !! Now im not complaining but we are having fish tacos yuuummmmm !! But there is no sour cream !! How can we NOT have sour cream ?!!?? I loooovvee sour cream on my fish tacos ! Am I wrong for being a lil disappointed ???? 
How you doing ????? ( Doing my best < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ) LOL 
OK its game time .... We had a close one last week but today is gonna be a SLOBBERKNOCKER !!! LOL 
CHEATED !! CHEATED !! CHEATED !! CHEATED !! CHEATED !! CHEATED !! 
Why does the Bills vs Browns game look so unorganized ?? They dont look like they know what they're doing lol 
A Big Bowl of Caramel Waffle Cone Ice Cream !!! DE-LIC-IOUS !!! 
Let 
Let your Freak Flag Fly and if someone doesn't get you ... MOVE ON !!! 
OMG today is National Dessert Day !! Everyone go get a dessert and bring it over to me !!! LOL 
Happy Friday Everybody !!!! Dont be Tardy for the Party !!! Frozen Margaritas here I come !!! 
Ok so this Tuna Fish sandwich is NOT cutting it !! After I finish this Im making some Waffles and Cheesey eggs !!!! 
Can you pay my bills ? Can you pay my telephone bills ? Can you pay my automo ' bills ? If you did then maybe we could chill ..... 
Lunch time !! Baked Tilapia with Garlic Mashed Potatoes !!!! I think Im going to start taking pictures of my plates to share with the world lol 
O-M-G !!! I can't wait till tomorrow is over . This week has been so stressful . I seriously need a drink ... or 2 ... or 3 .... and a couple of shots !! 
You get to ask me 1 question ( TO MY INBOX ) . It can be any question , about anything , no matter how crazy it is .... No catch ... Just between you and I .... No one else will ever know .... But I dare you to repost this and see what people ask you ! 
Morning !! Its so < PROPFEMALE > outside . It came right through my window shutters shining on my face . What a great feeling !! =) 
American Music Awards on ABC 8pm !! GO < PROPFEMALE > !! GO < PROPFEMALE > !! 
< PROPFIRST > AGAIN ??!?!?!???!?!? 
Is < PROPFIRST > even POP OR ROCK ?!??! 
ok sooo I just made < PROPMALE > n Cheese .. Cranberry sauce and Saurkraut all for the first time ! The < PROPMALE > n Cheese and Cranberry sauce was from scratch too !! 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! Hope you all have a Great Day ! Now to the business at hand ..... The FOOD !!! So Breakfast time .... EggNog French Toast with Turkey Bacon and cheesy eggs ! With of course some Orange Juice ! 
Wow Dinner was WONDERFUL !! Ate , laughed , talked about people ... it was great !! LOL 
So why does my mom have this Big Bottle of Patron in the dining room and refuses to open it yet ??!?!? I didnt know Bottles of Alcohol were decoration pieces !!! Its killin me !! lol 
\And after all the drinks and bars that we've been to Would you give it all up ? Could I give it all up for you ? And after all the boys and girls that we've been through Would you give it all up ? Could you give it all up ? If I promise boy to you ....... \"- Lady GaGa ... Speechless " 
YAY FOR THE SNOW !!! Plus im off tomorrow !!! so Let it snow ! Let it snow ! Let it snoooooooooww !! 
I love those Crazy iCarly Kids !! LOL 
OMG I am < PROPFEMALE > sore from Boxing ! 
Im soooo fat ! Eating < PROPMALE > n Cheese with Pan Seered Tilpia . Oh and I had a couple of < PROPFIRST > Curevo drinks too .... lol Is that how u spell < PROPFIRST > Curevo ???? I dont know !!! LOL NIGHT !!!! 
Decorating the Christmas Tree !! Oh Christmas Tree Ooooohh Christmas Tree ( Singing ) LOL 
OK the part I hate mor < PROPMALE > ever . TIME TO SHOVEL UP THE SNOW !! =( But I will be throwing snowballs at my parents U best BELIEVE !! LOL 
People have NOT rung my < PROPFEMALE > yet ! Go to my < PROPFEMALE > and Ring my < PROPFEMALE > !! 
OK IM DONE WITH THIS SNOW .... SPENT 4 AND A HALF HOURS SHOVELING OUT 4 CARS !! 
Ok Wii time !!! 
.. Cause I'm a Freak Bitch BABY !!... 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are .... Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 , or more , brave friends who will do this ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !! Hope everyone has a Fantabulous Christmas !! I will be accepting gifts until < PROPFIRST > 2nd 2010 so its not too late !! LOL 
Ok so the Wii Fitness Plus is no joke !! Now I can get my work out on !!! 
Confessing time 2009 is almost over !!!! INBOX ME one thing you always wanted to tell me no matter what it is ! This should be interesting . Cut and paste this in ur status and see what you get 
glass of wine #2 
I need 2 Vitamin waters ... Multi-V ASAP ! 
So im watching Family Guy and a thought just popped in my head ... When Stewie cusses , are the others in the same room hearing him cuss or is it baby googling ?? LOL 
Right now Chocolate Covered Raisins are my best friend !! 
Waffles and Cheesy Eggs are my best friends right now . 
Pistachio Nuts are my friends right now ! 
So now Crunch n Munch Buttery Toffee is my friend right now 
YAY !! My Black < PROPFEMALE > Earrings came today !!!! BLING BLING !! =D 
Y am I still up ??? Oh yeah cause I have no work tomorrow ! LOL 
Good Morning !!! 
I need a serious Drink ! lol 
Finally someone knows how to include me in the plans ! Party all the time ! Party all the time ! Party all the time ! 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . BE HONEST !!! 
This box of Raisinets is my friend right now 
This Box of Goobers is my friend right now 
Butter Milk Waffles w/ Cheesy Eggs and 3 slices of Turkey Bacon ! These are ALL my friends right now ! 
< PROPMALE > Capp's Bag of Cheddar fries .... My new BFF !! 
OOOOOOHHHHH NO FIELD GOAL !!!!! 
How did we get from Crab Cakes to Tuna fish ??? LOL oh well Gotta eat ! lol Got people making Lamb and Asparagus ! Cant get an invite worth S%*# LOL Its all good though ! 
You all can now refer to me as ... C-Bizzle ..... Fo Shizzle ! 
This bag of < PROPFEMALE > Nut Cheerios Snack mix is my friend right now !! Problem ???? 
They can say whatever Ima do whatever No pain is forever Yup ! You know this Tougher than a lion Aint no need in tryin I live where the sky ends Yup ! You know this ...... 
So it's Official ! Next season I will be auditioning on American Idol . My preparation starts this weekend ! 
So Culinary Circle cookies are being discountined in my store and got discounted to $0.99 ! U KNOW I BOUGHT 3 BOXES ! They will be my friends for the rest of the week . 
Ok so im really confused about something ? Maybe somebody can fill me in the rules of life ?? Why is it people who dont have a job get the benefits of affording to travel like every other weekend or travel to big events where here I am a person with a JOB and dont have time to do those things ? Im confused !! 
Shake me ! Shake me like a British Nanny !! 
Haircut time !! 
Well the game is pretty dissapointing right now BUT THE COMMERCIALS ARE HILARIOUS !!! LOL 
ok so Im turing my attention to this bottle of Grey Goose for the rest of the night ! This is a bad game ! 
La la la la la la la la la la ....... 
Fill up my Cup .... Molzeltoff !! 
Time to go Night Night ! ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
How can they let them hit < PROPMALE > so much but with other Quarter Backs they cant hardly touch them ?? 
Just a second , It's my favorite song they're gonna play And I cannot text you with A drink in my hand , eh You shoulda made some plans with me , You knew that I was free . And now you won't stop calling me ; I'm kinda busy . 
I thought < PROPFIRST > Swift was like Pop or something ? Now she is Country ??? 
Move over < PROPMALE > Songz cause when Usher comes back ... LOOK OUT !!! 
WHOOOOOOAAAAAAA WE LIVIN ON A PRAYER !!! 
It's amazing how One person can ruin such a Great day !! 
Another Drunken night with success !!! Have a goodnight !! LOL 
Everyone be safe today and tomorrow !! < PROPFIRST > J !! I had fun last night !! Your drunk ass self !!! LOL 
I Loves me some Cake ! 
Ok on to the Slices of Pizza ..... I dont like being snowed in cause I eat and my ASS GROWS !! LOL 
Well Its time to head on to work !!!.... NOT !!! LOL 
So I dont have to be back to work until Tuesday but I may have to make that Wednesday cause this snow is piled up and there is no where to put it !! 
I think I wanna move to Canton . Easy Walking distance to the Bars !! 
So Im bored and I dont want to drink anymore Ciroc ... Someone Entertain me please . 
Good Morning Everyone . Day 2 of the dig out continues . Time to dig out a car . Yes only 1 car ! LOL Dad has got to be to work tomorrow . But not me !! LOL Be Safe everyone .... P.S. GO SAINTS !! 
I am LOVING these commercials !!! LOL 
So I guess now < PROPFIRST > Kardashian is finally going to get married . LOL < PROPMALE > Bush said he would propose to her if he won the Super Bowl . LOL 
So who wants to move with me to Las Vegas ??? Away from this snow ? 
ok so i just got skype and its pretty koo !! 
Ugggghhh I hate wet Socks !!! 
I cant wait till Sunday . I get to eat a whole Red < PROPFEMALE > Cake by myself ! =) 
Ain't no feeling like being free When your mind's made up And your hearts in the right place , yeah Ain't no feeling like being free When you've done all you could But what's misunderstood ( It's all good , it's all good ) Ain't no feeling like being free I'm like an eagle set free And finally I'm looking out for me Ain't no feeling like being free Cause my mind's made up And my heart is in the right place 
We Are The World 2010 World Premiere TONIGHT !! During the Opening Ceremonies of the 2010 Winter Olympics ! I cant wait !! 
Wow finally back from the Barbershop . 2 and half hours . But I look fresh so im happy ! 
I have been waiting YEARS for this moment to happen and I am goin to enjoy every bit of it . =) 
All Smiles here People !! ALLLLLL SMILES !! =) Today was a good day ! 
Yuuuuuuummmm A glass ofWhite wine and Raisinets !!! What a night !! LOL 
How u gonna get Chinese food without getting duck sauce ??? I NEED DUCK SAUCE !! 
Just had some Yummy Banana Pudding ! OMG ! I want more !! I think i will ... lol 
I can't stand Cougars . lol 
Wow its very funny how some of the older Generation cant practice what they preach . Just found out some info about a certain person which doesnt surprise me . This person doesnt even know that I can Ruin his Reputation and Career JUST LIKE THAT ! 
Why Am I cracking up Watching < PROPMALE > on The < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Show ? LOL 
I can't wait to see \Alice in Wonderland\ " . Im < PROPFEMALE > excited !! " 
I'm in need of a serious drink or 3 ! 
Oh what a beautiful Moorrrnnninnggg ... Oh what a wonderful daaayyy ... I've got a fabulous feeeeelliinnggg .. Everythings going my waaaayyy .... ( Sings in the key of B flat < PROPMALE > ) 
Click \LIKE\ " if I have ever made you smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile :) Please play along and repost this as your status ... " 
YAY FOR DRINKS !!! Blame it on the GOOSE !!! 
Well the Countdown is ON !! One more week to get these Pisces out of the way then the true Aries fire can begin ! LOL 
I have a taste for Chocolate Syrup and Whipped Cream . 
Goodnight all you have been a great Audience ! 
Ok who wants to give me a nice back massage ? My lower back is KILLING ME !! 
OFF WITH HIS HEAD !!! 
How you Doin ????? 
Yuuuummmm BIG PANCAKE BREAKFAST !!!! 
Wii Bowling ... Trying to beat my Dad's Score . 
How come everyone was all boo'd up during the Fall and Winter and now Im seeing everyone change their status to single ? Wassup with that ?? TALK TO ME PEOPLE ! LOL 
\Darling I love you but give me 5th Ave ... \"- Green Acres Theme Song " 
Dinner Time !!! 
Cold Stone Creamery time !!! 
This Celebrity Apprentice is no joke 
Wii < PROPFIRST > Kart coming on Tuesday !! I can not wait ! Whose's coming over to play ??? 
OMG I will be getting my Lady Gaga Tickets for her 2010 North American Tour ! YES !! 
Ok so we had all the hype of Beyonce's \Video Phone\ " and all the Hype for Lady Gaga's \ " Telephone\ " ... Which video do you think lived up to all the Hype ?? " 
Lunch time !! Who wanna bring me something good ?? LOL 
Wii < PROPFIRST > Kart Time !! 
Mall .... Movies ... Maybe D.C. Tonight !!! Who knows .. I got a fresh cut so I gotta get out ! LOL 
:: TOOTS HORN : Off to the Mall to buy T shirts !! 
Had a great time going to Federal Hill and seeing the Harbor from beautiful View . 
So I saw an Acquaintance and his friends at the mall and got a laugh in the face and the cold shoulder . Now I know why I call you an acquaintance and nothing more . I cant stand some water signs . SO FAKE ! And the sad part is you dont even have your shit together ! SO MESSY ! I hope you were at the mall filling out job applications instead of trying to look cute in front of your friends . HOT MESS ! 
All I have to say is ... Shi-Poo-Pi !! 
Ok so Im back with my Dessert Review for tonight : Vanilla Sandwich Ice cream by Edy's . This is sooooo yuuummmmyyyyyy =) 
Out to lunch with Mr. Philly 
Hanging out with the Fellas tonight ! I am not responsible for my actions tonight . Blame it on the Sex on the Beaches ! LOL 
Had a WONDERFUL weekend ! < PROPMALE > out with Good friends Friday evening . < PROPMALE > out with a Great < PROPMALE > Sat night ! XS has the best drinks I might add . 
It's The Easter Beagle < PROPFIRST > Brown !!!! 
I Think I'm gonna let loose tonight ... Start my Birthday Extravaganza off a week early ! LOL .... How you dooiinn ? ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Voice ) 
2 shots of Ciroc .... Check ! 
Had a GREAT time tonight !! 
< PROPFEMALE > On Oprah !!!! 
Why Did I Get Married Too ! 
G&M !!! 
Happy Easter Everyone !! 
Big Interview with Wachovia Bank tomorrow morning ! Ahhhhhh !!! I hope I do well . Pray for me please . 
Hey Everyone !! Thanks so much for all the Birthday Love ! =) I really Appreciate it Honestly ! Plus I heard that I got the new job I applied for . So I'm just getting all kind of Birthday Surprises today !! YAY !!! Cant wait till tonight !! 
SHOTS ! SHOTS ! SHOTS ! 
Celebration Part 2 !! I havent even recovered from last night !! LOL 
Happy Birthday to all the Aries !!!! We are the best ! Whether you want to admit it or not !! 
Part 3 tonight ??? Maybe ???? lol 
Okkkkkkk soooooo Part 3 successful ! Kind of ... tip tip lol 
Part 4 Of my Birthday Extravaganza !! 
So getting in from part 4 . Saw Date night . It was ok in my opinion . It had some really funny moments then it had its dry humor moments . If you saw the movie what did u think ? 
Morning Peeps ! Nothing like a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > \FeedBack\ " Remix to get my day going ! =) " 
Just got in from Part 5 of my Birthday Extravaganza . Im tired and full ! This has been an eventful 5 days . Im gonna need a week to re coup ! 
Thanks to everyone who helped celebrate my Birthday Extravaganza 27 ! If you didnt help have no fear the Celebration will not stop until May 8th ! So you have plenty of time to get it in with me ! =) 
\ And whooooooo .... arrrreeee ..... yyooooouuuuuu ? \"" 
I wanna do some online shopping soooooooo bad !!!! The T shirts are calling me !! I have to restrain myself ! 
Not that I don't like you I'm just at a party And I am sick and tired of my phone r-ringing Sometimes I feel like I live in grand central station Tonight I'm not takin ' no calls ' Cuz I'll be dancin ' I'll be dancin ' I'll be dancin ' Tonight I'm not takin ' no calls Cuz I'll be dancin ' 
Everyone in the audience gets a shot !!! U get a shot ! And you get a shot !! And u and u and u !! U ! U ! U ! LOL 
Can someone find me ? I don't know where I am . 
Morning Peeps !! Gotta love Chobani Greek Yogurt ! Yuuummmmm 
Head .. Shoulders ... Knees and toes .. Knees and toes ... 
I wanna make love in this club . In this club In this club In this club I wanna make love in this club . In this club In this club In this club 
Habachi Grill was kind of Yummy .... Yes ... I must say ... Y-U-M-M-Y 
Suit and Tie Here I come ! 
Ok so I really am turning into a Chunky Dunk !!! Im gonna have to hit the Wii Fit again !! This is Utterly Ridiculous !! 
I'm Waaaaiiiiittttttiiinnnnggggg 
I dont care what I have to do . I will be goin out tonight ! So Catch me if you can ! =) 
I'm dancing alot and I'm taking shots I'm feeling fine I'm kissing all the boys and the girls someone call the doctor cause I lost my mind Cause I'm doing things that I normally won't do the old me's gone I feel brand new and if you don't like it f*$% you The music's on and I'm dancing I'm normally in the corner just standing I'm feeling unusual I don't care cause this is my night 
Gooooood Morning ! =) I can finally get some sun today . YAY ! 
ZZZZZZzzzzzzZZZZZZzzzzzzz ...... 
GLEE ! 
Good Morning to all the Mother's out there !! Happy Mothers day ! Oh and dont forget the Mother's to be too ! =) 
LOL so my mom has already challenged me to a game of Wii Bowling later on today . LOL 
I think I wanna go on \A Minute to Win it \"" 
Get a little crazy , get a little stupid , \ 
\ 
Get a little crazy .... ( little crazy , little crazy ) 
Iron Man 2 in Xtreme Digital !! 
Iron Man 2 was really good . I can't wait till the Thor and Captain < PROPFEMALE > movies come out ! 
Ciroc is my best friend ... It makes me all warm and bubbly inside .... heheheheh =) 
\Just Wright\ " was a really good movie ... You will Laugh ... You will Cry ... You will get Angry ... You might even get hungry with the few food scenes they have LOL " 
Just kiss my bumper .... Just kiss it ! 
Baby I can love you , love you , love you with my hands tied\ 
I can please you , please you , please you with my hands tied 
I was wondering maybe \ 
Could I make you my baby \ 
If we do the unthinkable would it make us look crazy \ 
Or would it be so beautiful either way I'm sayin ' \ 
If you ask me I'm ready \ 
([ Echo :] I'm ready , I'm ready ) \ 
([ Echo :] I'm ready , I'm ready ) 
O-M-G !!! The Pretzel M&Ms are sooooooooooooooooooooooo YUMMY !!! Tonight is gonna be a good night . LOL 
What would you do if I had a twin ????? 
Glass of wine #1 .... Check ! 
T . A . N . N . I . N . G 
At the Barbershop getting F.R.E.S.H. =) 
It's so erotic\ 
Here's goes I got a pocket\ 
Full of < PROPFEMALE > with your favorite flavors\ 
You can have it now or later\ 
Don't you wanna taste\ 
Don't have no time to waste\ 
I got some tasty cakes\ 
My fillings so sweet\ 
And its good enough to eat 
Ok Lets get this 3 day work week over with so I can start my Mini-Vacation ! =) 
Scrumdiddliumcious !!! 
Ok So I am needing some Cake and Ice Cream in my life ! Let's make that Happen ! OK ?!? 
Glee did Bad Romance RIGHT !! 
Countdown ..... 
At the park eating snowballs with a very good good friend . Have A great weekend everyone ! 
Oh how I love a Melon Ball ! I love it so Dearly !! 
If this Sun continues on like this through the summer I am going to look like a raddish come fall ! GEESH !!! 
EGG CUSTARD SNOWBALL !!! =) 
\Everything in its time \"" 
2 weeks to lose 2 pounds 
Pray for me people just got back from a job interview ! I hope I get this one ! =( 
So just had an interview with the District Manager of a company and I can proudly say that I HAVE A NEW JOB !!!! =) 
My back is killing me !! So are my thighs .... and my Calves ... and my feet !! I think Im falling apart ! =( 
Finally found a sweet red wine !! YES !!!! 
Imma be Imma be Imma Imma Imma be ...... 
Gooooooood Mooorrrnniinnggg !!! (Singing in a cheerful tune ) =) 
But wait like ... like waaattt ??.... like .. like waaattt ??? I dont get it ... Like waaattt ??? WAAATTT ?? Reeeaallyy ?? 
Desnudate ( Get naked)\ 
Desnudate ( For me)\ 
Oh oh , oh oh 
Now I stand before you with my heart in my hands\ 
Im asking you to take me just the way that I am\ 
Please lay down your arms\ 
Do you know me , make me feel safe from harm 
How\ 
would u rate me : ( 1)crazy(2)I'd marry you(3)talkative \ 
( 4)sarcastic(5)loveable(6)clubhead(7)moody(8)dumb(9)spoiled\ 
( 10)mouthy ( 11)random(12)hot(13)funny(14)smart ass(15)amazing(16)sexy ( 17)cute \ 
( 18)rude(19)simple(20)strong ( 21)the best(22)freaky 
I like Skype !! =) 
But wait like ... like waaattt ??.... like .. like \ 
waaattt ??? I dont get it ... Like waaattt ??? WAAATTT ?? Reeeaallyy ?? 
Hello .... Good Morning .... Hello .... Good Morning 
So I'm hungry ! Who is gonna be the lucky person to fix me some breakfast this morning ? =) 
Don't tell me you're sorry ' cause you're not\ 
Baby when I know you're only sorry you got caught\ 
But you put on quite a show\ 
Really had me going\ 
But now it's time to go\ 
Curtain's finally closing\ 
That was quite a show\ 
Very entertaining\ 
But it's over now ( but it's over now)\ 
Go on and take a bow 
On to the Next one 
Lavender on my pillows .... Time to get some good sleep 
I had too much fun last night ! Met alot of really nice people . =) 
Good Morning ! =) I have a short work week then on to get my party on ! Catch me if you can ! =) 
Countdown ! 
Jury Duty ... BLAHHHH !! See you all next year ! =( 
Ok so they resolved the cases and didnt need a Jury so we went home at 12:30 =) I got paid for watching a Movie LOL 
So I have a question ... How many people are on your friends list and how many people do you actually talk too ? Or I should ask how many people make the effort to talk to you ? 
Now I know you're sorry and we were sweet\ 
But you chose lust when you deceived me\ 
And you'll regret it , but it's too late\ 
How can I ever trust you again ? \ 
I feel like our world's been infected\ 
And somehow you left me neglected\ 
We've found our lives been changed\ 
Babe , you lost me 
YAY my < PROPMALE > Brothers shirts came !! =) 
If you could give me an Alias name what would it be ? U know like Beyonce has \Sasha Fierce\ " LOL " 
Well I would love to stay and chat but your a total Bitch 
Hey everybody ! What a wonderful day to go get some finger printing done . =) 
I just realized that I dont go back to work until Wednesday ! =) 
Night Peeps ! This lavender on my pillows is taking effect and i have a busy and fun day tomorrow . =) 
Sooo Good Morning everyone ! =) Today is gonna be a good day . Gotta hit the Wii fit today before I hit the streets =) LOL 
WOW tonight was a good night ! =) Saw alot of people ... Met alot of new people ! =) 
So what should I do tonight ?? Any suggestions ? 
Top of the Mornin to ya !! lol 
Oh what a wonderful morning ! =) Breakfast time !! my last day of my five day vacation ! Then out with the old and in with the new ! =) 
No regrets\ 
Get into it\ 
No apologies 
Last day on Facebook . Im bored . 
ok I am back 
Start new job in T-minus 96 hours ! =) Last day at my old job . Im gonna miss the crazy customers and my co-workers . BUT on to the next one ! =) 
I'm Bored 
Brought 3 new pairs of dress slacks ... Another belt ... and 3 new ties . Tomorrow there will be business attire pics ... stay tuned . =) 
Snapple Fact of the Day : A < PROPFEMALE > flytrap can eat a whole cheeseburger .... Lets ponder this for a moment . 
Snapple fact of the Day : Alaska was bought from Russia for about 2 cents an acre .... Lets ponder this shall we . 
Snapple Fact of the Day : A Cat has 32 muscles in each ear . Lets ponder this for a moment . 
INBOX\ 
ONLY : tell me somethin ' you always wantedto tell me . i'll keep it \ 
between us . post this as your status&&see what you get ! \ 
INBOX ONLY ! 
I'm hungry ! 
So who is having a cookout ? I want some good food and good drink this weekend ! =) 
ok time to get out of my bed ! What should I wear tonight ? 
Snapple Real Fact of the Day : < PROPMALE > S . < PROPMALE>'s middle name is S . Lets ponder this fact shall we and share this new information . 
So they have a Cold Stone Creamery Ice cream Parlor game on the Wii ... What would be the objective of that game ? LOL 
Hey everyone ! Snapple Real Fact of the Day : Vultures can fly for six hours without flapping their wings . Hmmmm interesting =) 
Bonus Snapple Real Fact of the Day : < PROPFEMALE>'s full name is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Roberts . 
Hey peeps ! Snapple real fact of the Day : The Saturn V < PROPFEMALE > rocket consumed 15 tons of fuel per second . Yikes ! 
Hey guys ! Snapple Real fact of the Day : Mountain goats aren't actually goats . They are antelopes . WoW ! 
Haircut time !! Cant touch this ! 
Getting my Martini Flight on at Houlihan's! =) Im flyin like a bird ! 
So My friend just said that she keeps her air on 80 lol 
Ok more drinks at fridays ! Yeeeeaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh !! =) 
uuggghhhh I have to get up and get stuff for lunch tomorrow but I dont feel like it !! Who wants to go shopping for me ? 
A bowl of ice cream and sippin on my Capri Sun .... LOVE IT ! 
Hey Peeps ! Snapple Real fact of the day : Hawaii is moving toward Japan at the rate of almost 4 inches per year . Lets marinade on this shall we ? 
Morning Everyone ! Snapple real fact of the Day : The average person falls asleep in seven minutes . 
Morning Peeps ! Snapple Real Fact of the day : Our eyes are always the same size from birth , but our nose and ears never stop growing . 
Hey hey hey ! Snapple Real Fact of the day : An Alligator can go through 3,000 teeth in a lifetime . 
Copy\ 
this to your status and see what people rate you ... ( 1 ) ghetto ( 2 ) wish\ 
we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) Loveable ( 6 ) crazy ( 7 ) I \ 
want you ( 8 ) spoiled ( 9 ) wild ( 10 ) funny ( 11 ) sexi ( 12)mature ( 13)wish I\ 
had ur number(14 ) honest ( 15 ) freaky 
I want something sweet and yummy . 
Weekend Edition of Snapple real fact of the Day : Pound cake got its name from the original recipe which called for a pound of butter . 
HEY PEEPS ! Snapple Real Fact Of The Day : Manufacturing recycled goods uses up to 95% less energy than using raw materials . 
You Done Gone LOCO !! 
Hey everyone ! Snapple Real Fact of the Day : President < PROPFIRST > Taft weighed over 300 lbs and once got stuck in the White House bathtub . 
Hey Everyone ! Snapple Real Fact of the Day : Shakespeare invented the words \assassination\ " and \ " bump . \"" 
Report :\ 
IN MEMORY OF EVERY CANCER PATIENT , FAMILY MEMBER , AND FRIEND WHO HAS \ 
LOST THEIR BATTLE WITH CANCER AND THOSE WHO CONTINUE TO CONQUER IT ! \ 
PUT THIS ON YOUR < PROPFEMALE > FOR 1 HOUR IF YOU KNOW SOMEONE WHO HAS OR HAD \ 
CANCER . ? MANY WON`T COPY AND PASTE THIS . Will u ? 
OMG !! What a long day !! Thank goodness for a 4 hour day tomorrow then off to get my haircut after work . Just took a shower now layin in bed watching Smallville . I need to go to the liquor store tomorrow also . Im running low on my Vodka . LOL 
Im kind of glad its hot and < PROPFEMALE > . Now I can get some sun and get a tan lol 
I\ 
love my < PROPFEMALE > BBQ Frito Flavor Twists oh how I love you < PROPFEMALE > much . lol 
I'm addicted to kissing and hugging\ 
Touching and rubbing\ 
I'm a sucker for love\ 
If you're addicted to kissing and hugging\ 
You're a sucker for love 
I think I might pop open the 99 peaches tonight =P 
99 peaches did me right tonight 8-P 
Big Brother and Double < PROPFIRST > Cheesecake Ice Cream !! 
What kind of reality tv show do you see me on ??? 
My manager just bought all of is pizza for lunch ! Yay !! I love it when a team does a good job . =) 
Waffles for lunch !! YUUUUUUMMMM 
I havent been out in more than a month . I need to get it together QUICK ! Ok time for bed I have work tomorrow morning . Only for 3 hours though and i get paid for 4 hours . YAY ! 
I need some Houlihan's in my life tonight ! Thai Wings with Calamari and a Mojito . Maybe 2 mojitos instead . 
Destination : Houlihan's ... Mission : Demolish Thai wings , Calamari and 2 mojito's .... Purpose of Mission : Stop stomache from growling . =) 
Scratch the Mojito's and just give me 2 Raspberry Long Island Iced Tea's Please =) 
You know that I want you .. and you know that I need you ... I want that bad .. Bad Romance 
Snapple Retired Real fact of the day : Almonds are part of the peach family . 
These customers are W-O-R-K-I-N-G my N-E-R-V-E-S today ! 
No More Wire Hangers !!! 
Double < PROPFIRST > Cheesecake Ice Cream ... Do I have to say anything else ??? 
It's time to Step Up !..... In 3D that is ... =) 
Long distance is hard work but short distance just gets on my nerves . 
Hi everybody ! =) 
I ams who I ams ... If you dont like it then on to the next one ! =) 
I need some Red Lobster in my life ! Who is treating me ???? 
Bow chicka Bow Wow ! 
I need some cupcakes in my life ! 
I was watching Cupcake Wars last night on the Food Network and I realllly want some cupcakes . 
Snapple Real Fact of the Day : Strawberries contain more vitamin C then oranges . 
Bonus Snapple Real Fact of the Day : No word in the English language rhymes with month . 
ok time to hit the Wii Fit ! Have to look right for this weekend . 
The ants go marching 1 by 1 hoorah ! hoorah ! 
Snapple Real Fact of the Day : The average person takes 23,000 breaths a day . 
Fortune cookie Fortune : You will enjoy good health , you will be surrounded by luxury . 
Had a GREAT time tonight !!! haven't done that in months . =) 
Headed to the bar ! Day 2 of Birthday Extravaganza !! Hope all my friends are having fun at the Ravens game with sky box view !! Whoop Whoop !!! =) 
Good Morning everyone ! So I was cleaning out my wallet and found all these gift cards from starbucks , bestbuy and target . LOL They still have money on them too ! Who wants some coffee and a cd ??? LOL 
Hey everyone ! Snapple Real Fact of the Day : Women blink nearly twice as much as men . 
Do I dare go out tonight ?? hmmmmmm ??? 
Hey Peeps ! Snapple Real Fact of the Day : An average of three billion cups of tea are consumed daily , worldwide . 
Agenda for today : Work for 3 hours ... Lunch .... Movies ... Cookout with peeps I havent seen since June . YAY !!!! 
wow what a night 
Last night was sooo much fun !!! Good food ! Good Drink !! Good people !! Good Drink !! Good Conversation !! Good Drink !!! 
You know I know how\ 
To make em stop and stare as I zone out\ 
The club can't even handle me right now\ 
Watchin you I'm watchin you we go all out\ 
The club can't even handle me right now ( yeahhhhh)\ 
The club can't even handle me right now ( yeahhhhh ) 
Hurry up I am hungry !! I want some breakfast !! =) 
Hey everybody ! Snapple Real Fact of the Day : Tug-of-war was an Olympic sport in the early 1900s . 
I ATE TOO MUCH OVER THE WEEKEND . Nothing but air and space for dinner tonight . 
I Wanna .... 
... if you have no voice , SCREAM : .... if you have no legs , RUN : ... if you have no hope , INVENT . 
What should I have for dinner ???? 
Getting ready for the Wii showdown of the year ! Bring it cause I show no mercy !!!! lol 
If you could describe me in one word what would it be ?? 
Patron and Lemonade ! Enough said ! 
Snapple Real Fact of the day : Brain waves can power an electric train . 
Hi Everybody ! Snapple real fact of the day : The first lollipop was invented in Connecticut . 
Im hungry !!!! =( 
Now That's a Darntoot'en good Mojito !!!! 
Salmon cakes with < PROPMALE > n Cheese for lunch . Life is gooood Life is sweeeeet . =) 
ok so who is gonna buy me that New I pod Nano ???? Its all touchy screeny ! =) 
Can I get that dro\ 
Can I get that remmy\ 
Can I get that coke\ 
Can I get that henny\ 
Can I get that < PROPFEMALE > on the rock rock rock\ 
Can I get salt all around that rim rim rim rim 
Yay for teller appreciation week ! Pizza ... cake and icecream ! A wide variety of flavored popcorn and chocolate covered pretzels was yesterday ! =) 
Have you ever noticed that the people who are standing the closets to you have the worse breath . Have you ever noticed that ? Maybe the people who are far away from you do have bad breath but you dont know . They always have something to say to you too like \Hey ! How's your hula hoop ! \ " Whispering pushing the bad air right to you . Just right in the face ! lol " 
So tired and have a long wait in the barbershop . But i gotta look good for this upcoming week . =) 
THAI WINGS !!!!! =) 
Here comes the rain and the start of the rainy week . oh well ! =) 
Hey everyone ! Snapple Real Fact of the Day : Snails have teeth . 
Ok time for Gold's gym dance workout . Gotta look good for the upcoming events . =) 
I Gained weight ! OMG !! I was 1_ _ now im 1_ _ !!! Nothing but water and air starting tomorrow cause tonight I wanna eat cake and ice cream !!! =p 
Baby wanna dance in the darrrkk .... 
Workin 9 TO 5 .... ( Singing ) 
Yummy Pasta salad !!! YUUUMMMMMM !! =) 
My shoulder hurts . =( I need a massage . 
Altoids Creme de Menthe ! Yummmm ! 
The real housewives of Orange County have NOTHING on The real housewives of < PROPFEMALE > Hills . NOTHING !! 
Yummy Chinese food for lunch ! = P 
Nothing like a hot chicken pot pie on a chilly fall night . 
Is it sad that I am Inspired by the Real Housewives of < PROPFEMALE > Hills ?? 
Nothing like some chinese fried rice on a < PROPFEMALE > october day . 
ok so who wants to take me on a shopping spree so I can buy clothes for the fall and winter ? Don't raise your hands all at once now ! LOL 
The best stuff on earth !!!!! 
Firefly ... Firefly .. Oh how I love Thee ! =P 
ok that was a very good nap . I love it when I fall asleep and when I wake up I dont even know when I passed out . LOL 
SURVEY SAYS !!!!!........... PING !!!!! 
Dont you wish you had some hair to whip back and forth ? 
Touch-a , touch-a , touch-a touch me \ 
I wanna be dirty \ 
Thrill me , chill me , fulfill me \ 
Creature of the night . 
Looks like overtime for me this week ! 
I can't wait to do the time warp this weekend . LOL 
Do\ 
any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here's a \ 
task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about \ 
how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status ... so I can \ 
do the same to you . You will be amazed at the results you get ! 
Time to < PROPFEMALE > out with the ladies .... AGAIN !!! GEEESSSHHH !! LOL 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s s ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I 
I like Treats more than Tricks ... How about you ??? 
gotta take a short nap before I whip my hair back n forth . 
LETS DO THE TIME WARP AGGGAAAIIINNNNGGGG !!!!! 
Am I Boughie .... Ghetto ... orBoughetto ???? 
ok so I thin i whipped my hair back and forth a lil too much last night . My neck is SOOOOOOO SORE !! AND STIFF !!! =/ 
Always eat pie at room temperature ; it always taste better that way =) 
I love watching The Magic School Bus in the morning . It takes me back to Elementary school sitting in the library reading the books . I love that Ms Frizzle ... she is sooo frizzy LOL 
You are always dang on late !! >=/ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Movies always make me cry ... That's why I have my tissues ready for this movie ... lol 
Has anyone ever pondered this ? Will < PROPFEMALE > White ever retire ??? 
LOL 
Ok so Im off tomorrow ... time to get loose with the goose . =) 
Gold's Gym Dance Work out time !! =) 
Drink and my two step ! lol 
What a refreshing morning ! =) 
About to < PROPFEMALE > out with 2 of my most FAVORITE people in the WORLD !! Happy Happy Joy Joy !! 
So my fortune out of my fortune cookie said .... \You should be able to undertake and complete anything . \"" 
Did alot of thinking over the weekend and came to alot of conclusions and decisions . 
What is with this Q&A thing ? Im confused .. how does it work ? 
Inbox Me Your Question And I Will Answer Them ... NO LIMITS !!! 
Q : Why didnt we meet soooner ? \ 
A : U were busy .. I was busy 
Q : Where u ever attracted to me ? \ 
A : Yes and no . lol 
Q :D o \we\ " still have a < PROPMALE > ? ;-) \ 
Q : do u think i am cute :) \ 
A : YEP ! 
Q : When you moving to NY to be my boo ? Lol . \ 
A : The year 2029 
I like this Q AND A ! Keep bringing them ! lol 
Q : have you ever fallen down the stairs ? \ 
A : LMAO !!!! Nope but I have tripped up the stairs LOL and so Have you !!! 
Q : have you ever felt like you loved me ? \ 
A : Ummmm in the past yea . 
Mmmmmm ... Utz Onion and Garlic potato chips ... Mmmmmmm !! =-P 
Mmmmmm .... Tuna Fish sandwich with lettuce , onion , mircle whip and pickle butter chips .... Mmmmmmm ( P.S. WITH A TALL GLASS OF WATER ! =) ) 
EGGNOG TIME !!!!! 
A < PROPFIRST > Brown Thanksgiving !! =) 
Watching Smallville ..... Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!! 
The end of the year is approaching and I ask this one question ... What have you achieved this year ? 
I don't like this time of year . I am constantly eating and gaining weight ! =( 
E-G-G-N-O-G !!!! 
I cant wait till Thanksgiving is over so I can bring out my Christmas spirit ! =) Watch out World ! Christmas Humming is a comin !! =) lol 
I hope everyone has a Happy Thanksgiving ! =) Relax .. Laugh .. Drink and EAT !!! LOL 
Those Bills are puttin it to the Steelers !!! Very Nice !!! 
Scrub-a-dub-dub time =) 
wow that Q & A thing on here faded real quick . lol 
Change\ 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \ 
invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be\ 
no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for \ 
violence against children ! 
Having Dinner for Breakfast and Breakfast for Dinner . 
Are these little white bugs flying outside or are they Snow Flurries ?? 
Round one ... Homemade Lemon Pound cake with a glass of Eggnog . 
NO CHEATIN !! - you have to post this even if your taken & see what people want from you . INBOX ONLY ! 1 . Baby 2 . Another < PROPMALE > 3 . Love 4 . Kiss 5 . Friendship 6 . hang out 7 . naked 8 . Chill 9 . To cuddle 10 . Long relationsh ip 11 . Good laugh 12 . Night out 13 . Hug 14 . To be my bff 15 . Full body massage . 16 just wanna sex me 
Hello World ! How < PROPMALE > Thou ! =) 
7001 : We have known each other for aloooooonnnnnngggg time . Your my rock forreal . I can wait till you start making mens clothing so I can get free clothes . lol 
1701 .. We havent conversated as much . Y I have no idea . Oh yea I know why cause u always try to read me when I comment on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > lol . U seem like a koo person though . I hope we get the < PROPMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > out soon . 
1107 .. Mr. NY !!! 
187 .... You\re a very koo person . Dont know each other that well but I know we will get closer . " 
78 ... One of the sweetest people I know . 
365 .... One koo dude !!! I hope our paths cross very soon . 
68 ..... One of the most closet people I know . U have turned out to be the sister I never had . U know I got your back no matter what . 
1776 .... Where shall I begin ... It alll began in Windensemble In the second row of the clarinet section when you asked me \So how do you like it so far ? \ " LOL Then we move along to the famous tripping up the stairs ... Has your scar healed up ?? LOL . The we progress to the famous Falling up the Bleachers of our oh so loved conductor . We could all hear your laugh . " 
1776 .... then we move on to the infamous 3 altos who couldnt keep their mouths shut in the back of chorus who got moved to the front of the class . LOL Love u cuuzzz !! 
5825 .... One of the realest people i know . Hope we can < PROPFEMALE > out soon cause im gettin tired of all this these excuses ... lol 
82 ... Possibilites 
2802 ... We need to talk 
2222 .... you are the sweetest person I know . 
225 ... Hopefully our friendship will grow more cause u are a really koo person . 
088 ... U are like the best person on earth . We always have fun when we are around each other and I promise I will visit soon . 
202 ... U are the most caring person . U always seemed to find me when I was in at D.C. clubs lol 
u always got on my nerves in highschool and you still get on my nerves everytime i see u out . But your a koo person and U make me laugh all the time . =) 
95864 ... ok first why the number .. WHY ?!?!? LOL second my most favorite person on the earth . We got each others back . Love working with u we have lots of fun . 
Goodnight !!!! 
Can't wait to let my hair down and whip it back and forth tonight . LOL 
Where is my Sunday Morning Breakfast ?!?! 
Christmas Tree shopping .... DONE ! 
Christmas Tree Decorated in gold trimming .... DONE !! 
I have been out all day running around doing Christmas things . My parents brought Stressed chicken which I dont eat but I did . Im tired . Dueces ! 
I definately have to get this last gift today ! Save the best for last ! ;-) 
Finally 2 of my 3 gifts came today . 
Im feeling like eggnog tonight . =P 
I cant wait till my games come next week . I can finally have an excuse not to be on facebook . lol 
At the Barbershop getting Fresh ! If U feel me let me get a \YYYYEEEEAAAHHHHH \"" 
Does anybody know how to connect the Wii to the internet . I need help . It wont connect . =( 
So here is my SuperBowl Prediction ..... Falcons vs Patriots 
Sometimes you need to understand that family comes first . 
My games have arrived . I will talk to everyone next year . Have a Happy New Year ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! =) I hope everyone has a great Holiday ! 
I thought they were calling for snow later tonight ?? Oh I guess I will be \Walking in a Winter Wonderland\ " =) " 
Thank you for my < PROPFEMALE > Earring ! =) You are the best !! mmuuuuaahhh 
so fox news just said we are gonna get 6 to 10 inches of snow tomorrow . Is this right ??? 
INBOX ONLY | 2010 is almost over !! Confess something u always wanted 2 tell me(100% PRIVATE ) put this as ur status . You might be surprised 
< PROPFEMALE > Roasted Cashews are the BESTESTESTESTESTESTESTEST !!!!!!!!! 
Now it just dawned on me why 90% of people in Baltimore don't smile .... It's because they all have a gold tooth they are ashamed of . 
oh boy what a day !! 
I am mentally Exhausted !! =( 
Say WHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTT ?????? 
Smallville is the SHIZNICK !!! LOL I love this show !! 
Yummy Yummy in my Tummy 
ok so I REFUSE I repeat ... REFUSE ... to be a Pisces ! I am an ARIES not a PISCES ! Pisces are spacey and weird and passive !! 
Ok so I got 3 stars on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > The Experience \Thriller\ " So Im ready for some competition ! BRING IT ! " 
\God created humans and Humans created racisim\ " an AH HA moment on the Oprah Show . " 
So I take my trip to Australia tomorrow . SOOOOOOOOO EXCITED !!! =) 
5 mins until I leave for Australia !! Im sooooo excited !!!! 
Day one was GREAT !!! 3 more days in Australia !!! 
I Have to drive all the way to the east side to give $20 to someone . There has got to be an easier way to do this !! LOL 
wow it's 16 degrees outside ! 
I guess it's gonna be Me , Wine and Wii tonight . 
I need to go in my closet and try on all these jeans that I have to make sure they still fit . I gained alittle weight . uuggghhhh !! 
I am home safe !! For those who were wondering about my safety in this bad weather . For those who were not concerned I have 2 words for you ! ___ ___ !! LOL 
My job will get me when they get me ! Im not breaking my neck just because they are greedy and want sales and solutions and proxy . 
I have been in my bed in and out of sleep alllll day !! I LOVE IT !!! 
... and 5 ... 6 ... 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 ..... 
if you care about me ; COMMENT on this status . if you think im a good friend ; LIKE this status . if you ever had a crush on me ; POKE me . if you hate me ; MESSAGE me and tel me why . if you not scared ; POST this as your status 
\It's not really trust if you ask someone to explain themselves . \"" 
That is it !! I have got to get this weight off me !!!! 
Wine Wine the magical juice the more you drink the more you GET LOOSE !! LOL 
I don't really care who wins the Superbowl I just want to see the Black eyed Peas perform at Halftime and get my free food and drink . LOL 
GO BLACK EYED PEAS !!!! 
\How did you get trapped in the belly of a whale ?!? \ " LOL " 
I have a feeling there are gonna be a lot of penalties in this game . tsk tsk tsk ! 
YES !! TRANSFORMERS !!! 7.1.11 !!! 
YES THOR !!!!! MAY 6 !!!! 
The movie previews are better than the commercials this year !! LOL 
YES CAPTAIN < PROPFEMALE > !!!! JULY 22 !!!! Im gonna be all up in the movies this summer !! LOL 
Please do not disturb !!! MY GROUP IS ABOUT TO PERFORM ... THE BLACK EYED PEAS !!!! =) 
I don't even care about the game anymore ! LOL I am completely satisfied with the Half time show . My only problem now is what to watch after the game . Glee or Real Housewives of Atlanta Reunion ? 
LOL \What's a Bieber ?? \ " lol " 
Just Dance 2 has my name on it . I have to stretch before I start though . =) 
So is anyone buying the iPhone 4 for verizon ?? 
I am craving Krispy Kreme donuts !!!! 
Tonight was soooooo much fun !! Saw good friends and met some new ones !! Time to hit the pillows . I have to work my 2 hour shift tomorrow . 
I still haven't received my Krispy Kreme donuts yet . I am trying to be patient but I don't know how long it will last . =) 
Heads will roll ... Heads will roll ... Heads will roll .. on the floor !!! 
I'm officially getting my haircut like < PROPFIRST > Bieber this weekend and I'm going to fling it to one side like Puck on Glee . LOL 
doesn't someone want to buy me some jeans ?? 
I want a chicken cheese steak sub with fries !!! 
Finally the Pisces months have come . Lets get this over with so the Aries can spread that Aries Fire !! 
I want to create another Nike id shoe . This may be my early birthday present . 
I am mentally and emotionally drained . 
Sangrias all around !! Whoop ! Whoop !! 
MMMMMMM there is nothing like a Chick-Fil-A chicken sandwich and tater tots for a midnight snack . =P 
So I have a question .. Does Hawaii have a football team and if they do how come they don't play in the NFL ? 
I think I wanna move to Hawaii . Any thoughts or concerns ?? 
My mom bought me < PROPFEMALE>'s book . I will be reading it all day tomorrow . 
Good Morning everyone ! =) 
at the airport dropping my dad off . I wanna take a trip ! I may just buy a ticket to someplace and dont come back . 
So who wants to be my best friend forever and pick me up a dozen of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts ? It has to include 2 Banana Kreme Pie Doughnuts . 
I am craving Cheese Fries !!! 
Have you ever wondered how your life would be if you weren't born in the city u were born in ? I mean have you ever thought about how different your life would of been if you were born in a different state or city ? A whole new group of friends ? New job ??? New everything . 
Wow I haven't been on twitter in almost a year . LOL I forgot how to use it . 
Why am I still hungry ? I just ate a big plate of Spaghetti with steamed broccoli . 
I'm extra feeling this Glee Episode . 
I wanna see Shrek the Musical !!! 
I want to buy an express T shirt sooooooo bad !! 40% off !!! 
Now the sun starts to set around 7pm . 
I can't wait to just let myself go !! 
MMmmmmhhhhhhmmmmmmmm 
Who is making me breakfast this morning ??? 
Oooh naaaa na ! What's my name ??? 
How can one person cause so much stress ???? huh ??? HUH ??!?!!? 
Don't tell me not to live , \ 
Just sit and putter , \ 
Life's < PROPFEMALE > and the sun's\ 
A ball of butter . \ 
Don't bring around a cloud\ 
To rain on my parade ! \ 
Don't tell me not to fly -- \ 
I've simply got to . \ 
If someone takes a spill , \ 
It's me and not you . \ 
Who told you you're allowed\ 
To rain on my parade ! 
So I dyed my hair green !! Pics are coming soon . =) 
Cookies N ' Creme ice cream !! YUUUUMMMMMMM !!!!!! 
To all my Fellow Aries !!!!! Happy Birthday !!! We are the Best !! Don't stop that Aries Fire !.... Oh yea don't forget Birthday Extravaganza April 8TH !! MY 28TH BIRTHDAY !!! 
At the Barber shop Getting Fresh !! =) 
I must say Tonight was a BLAST !!!! =) I love true friends !! 
Yummmm Big bowl of Double < PROPFIRST > Cheesecake ice cream !! =D 
10 more days until the EXTRAVAGANZA begins !!!! =) I have to stock up on my Monster drinks cause I know im not gonna get enough sleep . 
Sooooo .... ummmm ... Wassup ?? 
I can not wait till next week . It is gonna be on and poppin !!! =) 
Why is it so hard to find a good shoe with the right shade of purple ?? 
Look at me now .... Look at me now 
Good Morning everyone !!! =) 
Oh baby I can't come down , so please come help me out\ 
You got me feelin high and I can't step off the cloud\ 
And I just can't get enough 
Nap Time . 
Dinner time ! 
Salmon top with crab meat , red potatoes , and steamed broccoli and carrots . YUUMMMMM !!! 
I don't care nothing will stop me from getting my haircut tomorrow . 
