in < PROPFEMALE > and hating it lol 

still in < PROPFEMALE > in the appalacian mountains if u want to know were ive been message me and ill let u know wuts been up 
bored in < PROPFEMALE > and sneaked online lol 
will be home in november :D 
is going offline finishing up school for the day and then is going for a run ! 
bored out of my mind and super sore : / 
doing a biography project then going running ... bye :D 
still in < PROPFEMALE > chilling with brother and dAD be home in 39 days :) 
goodnight 
finally back in new port richey hit me up on facebook or call me 
happy thanksgiving ... going to tampa today :) 
hanging out with < PROPFIRST > on decemember 26th saturday at 6 p.m 
im at home talk to me :) 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas :) 
brb in 11 or 12 days ( january 8th or 9th ) :) 
home sweet home finally :) 
going running :) then when im done im gonna run some more .... karate tommrow :) 
going runnin then karate call me at 848-1497 if u want to do something anytime this weekend 
bored nothing to do talk , call , or come over :) 
some one any one talk im bored 
good night need to sleep got karate and running tommrow yay ! 
just did 2 1/2 hour karate practice then going running 3 < PROPMALE > talk to me on facebook or call me at 727-848-1497 if u want to < PROPFEMALE > out tonight 
bored who wants to do somethingtonight 
talk ? 
goodmorning :) talk to me if u want to do something today or tommrow 
goodnight got lots of working out to do tommrow :) 
if anyone wants to do something this week talk to me :) 
goodnight had a long day going out to eat tommrow with my dad tommrow and runnin but call me or message me if u want to do something :) 
some one please talk to me im so mad right now : / 
anyone talk to me im bored : / 
running 5 < PROPMALE > then 2 hours of karate practice wish me luck lol :) 
brb at 9 something 
:) 
guns dont kill people .... i kill people :) 
night school at < PROPFIRST > ... for 2 hours then karate maybe bbl :/ 
my knee ankle and left hand hurt :( 
im so happy my mom took me to best buy and got me a brand new laptop :D 
What did the blonde's right leg say to the left leg ? Between the two of us , we can make a lot of money . 
Friendship is unnecessary , like philosophy , like < PROPMALE > ... It has no survival value ; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival . 
talk to me or come over im bored :/ 
“Don't rely on someone else for your happiness and self worth . Only you can be responsible for that . If you can't love and respect yourself - no one else will be able to make that happen . Accept who you are - completely ; the good and the bad - and make changes as YOU see fit - not because you think someone else wants you to be different . ” :) 
Watch your thoughts ; they become words . Watch your words ; they become actions . Watch your actions ; they become habits . Watch your habits ; they become character . Watch your character ; it becomes your < PROPFEMALE > 
Nobody really cares if you're miserable , so you might as well be happy . :) goodnight 
i love it when my supposed friends completly ignore me :( night school be back sometime 
The way to keep yourself from making assumptions is to ask questions . 
the only easy day was yesterday :) 
i love it when \friends\ " act nice around u in person and then completly ignore u when u try to talk to them .... you might as well say fuck u dont talk to me . goodnight " 
throwing up alot :( good times 
have a terrible stomach virus or food posioning throwing up every 45 minutes and cant eat or drink anything today .... its going to be a hell of a weekend 
karate tournament tommrow gotta wake up at 5 in the morning :O wish me luck ;) 
had an awesome day got a medal at the tournament and now im chilling with my karate peeps best day in a long long time :) 
“You must love yourself before you love another . By accepting yourself and fully being what you are , your simple presence can make others happy . ” :) 
i like pizza :) 
can some one teach me how to play farmville lol i wanan try it 
night school is such a blast : / be back at aroound 6 . 
broke my wrist in 2 places .. fml :( 
is chillin :) 
“To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing 
good night got a long day of nothing tommrow call me if u want to do something :) 
gotta write a 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper and go to the docotors before karate wish me luck lol 
writing an 8 < PROPFEMALE > paper on < PROPMALE > armstrong ... gota get it done for tommrow .... time to have a blast ! 
im in a good mood and hopefully ill see the person i want to see tommrow .. goodnight :) 
anyone talk please 
is excited for disney world tommrow and seeing my friends this week ... especially the karate ones :) 
anyone talk ? 
Why did the blonde tell her Pastor under no circumstances would she have more than three children ? Because she heard that 1 out of 4 children born in the world is Chinese . :) 
needs a new running < PROPMALE > starting tommrow any one down ? :) 
crappy day cant wait for tommrow 
running 6 1/2 < PROPMALE > to karate to work out ... good way to make a crappy day a little less stressful :) 
at dylans house .... i pet his dog and he got so excited he peed every where lmao good times :) 
anyone talk to me im bored . 
is training for a triatholon :) 
just got back from army and < PROPFEMALE > corps recruiter :) 
just talked to < PROPFEMALE > recruiter for to get a shot at special ops i gota be able to do 20 pulls ups 100 situps in 2 minutes and do 3 < PROPMALE > in 17-18 minutes just to even be considered for it .... time to step up my training :) 
chillin wit < PROPMALE > be back whenever 
cant wait for karate tommrow its been a longgggggg weekend . 
bored cant sleep anyone want to talk ? 
noodles butter and age parmesan cheese = win :) 
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us . :) 
is anyone elses facebook being retarded ? 
tonight is gonna be a good night :) 
today is a good day ... thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday :) 
just got a new phone finally lol my number is 360-593-4411 :) 
had a great day helped at karate camp ... workout atee outback saw the people i wanted to see and now chillin with my brother and his friends .. today was a great birthday :) 
just got back from < PROPFEMALE > corps recruiter :) 
well with a 12-18 months of waiting till i can get into the military should i go to collage or get a job once schools out ? any ideas 
so i just came home and i have a dog :) 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Monis :( 
had an awesome day saturday :) 
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . :) - Dr. Seuss 
cold carrots water banana and hard boiled egg = awesome dinner 
wonders wuts the point in having a person on facebook when they refuse to talk to u haha ... sucks for them 
finally i decided to delete my myspace .... i think it was a wise choice :) 
me < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > plus 33 kids = crazyy !! 
large dark roast coffee + muliple shots of expresso makes me go from tired to wired :) 
had a pretty good day especially being at karate .. and now im eating carrots and water :) 
absolutely loves my new dog !!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Life is about trusting your feelings and taking chances , losing and finding happiness , appreciating the memories , learning from the past , and realizing people change . :) 
Is in ft . Pierce :-) 
had an amazing day started off kinda crappy but i did well at the tournament .. had a rly rough division but i won 3rd in regular sparring and 2nd in wkf fighting .. if i want gold at nationals it just means i gota work even harder ;) haha 
omg carrots and water again yay ! plus a bananna this time 
Challenges are what make life interesting . Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful . 
does anyone wanan talk ? :) 
Pt with the marines and then karate :-) 
had an great time working out with the marines today they were rly impressed by me for the physical test to get maxiumum points u need to do 100 situps in 2 minutes i got 133 which was more than any other person there and for the mile and a half run i did it in 10 minutes exactly and i was the second person done with that so i got maximum points on that so i guess im doing pretty well :) 
True friends can go long periods of time without\ 
speaking and never question their friendship . And pick up like they\ 
just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ REPOST\ 
if you are lucky enough to have at least one :) 
feeling verry ... blahh : / 
“Before you speak , listen . \ 
\ 
Before you write , think . \ 
Before you spend , earn . \ 
Before you invest , investigate . \ 
Before you criticize , wait . \ 
Before you pray , forgive . \ 
Before you quit , try . \ 
Before you retire , save . \ 
Before you die , give . ” 
stressfull day ... my brain hurts and is no longer functioning goodnight . 
is mad my dog crapped and threw up in my room :( 
A blonde walks into a gas station and says to the manager , \I locked my keys in my car . Do you have a coat hanger or something I can stick through the window to unlock the door ? \ " \ 
is going to put a picture of my dog once i get a camera < PROPFEMALE > you guys can see what she looks like .. and im going to bring her to the dojo next week shes the cutest thing :) 
Marines pt time to get off my butt :) 
today was just another day did well at the 2 hour marines pt and tommrow i get to start running with my new running < PROPMALE > :) ( finnaly i dont have to run alone ! ) 
“The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits . ” i like this :) 
i hate farmville its completely lame : / 
good day today its the best ive felt in a couple months :) 
im so tired im out .. night 
i lost 7 pounds in 3 days :) 
anyone wanna talk i cant sleep : / 
ok im finally able to sleep im out goodnight 
got my haircut and now i have no hair left :) 
Im out goodnight . 
i have this feeling that today is going to be a good day :) 
feels dizzy and like complete crap :( 
imm sooo glad high school is almost over it was the worst time of my life ... im glad we only got a couple weeks to go . 
needs a job to help keep busy .. does anyone know any places ? 
im bored ... talk anyone ? 
is looking for a running partner who is willing to run 5-10 < PROPMALE > 5 times a week 
went to bed at 12:30 and now im awake again at 3 ... not being able to sleeep is always a great way to spend the night :( 
had kinda a rough day anyone talk ? 
“Even though we've changed and we're all finding our own place in the world , we all know that when the tears fall or the smile spreads across our face , we'll come to each other because no matter where this crazy world takes us , nothing will ever change so much to the point where we're not all still friends . ”\ 
:) 
To everyone : I'm sick of people talking shit about people behind there back , if you have something to say , say it to there face , otherwise your just a pussy , I'm tired of little gitz and fake people in NPR , and don't judge me because of my past , you don't know me or what I've been through so to all of the fake haters \Fuck you \"" 
Going for a run .... starting my trainning program for a triatholon . 
Relaxin , hmu . 
Fuck people 
About to go for a run/workout then chillin Hmu . 
Just woke upp hmu especially ladies 
Pushups , situps , protein shake then 5 mile run then to the ymca to workout later Hmu 
Does anyone know were I can get a temporary job ? 
IDGAF ! 
Getting an apartment again soon , anyone know some good places ? 
Guys who treat women like shit , are bitches I'm pissed off . 
15% body fat according to the US Navy formula , I'm startin to get that beach body lmao 
Goin to Green key beach ! 
I don't do that high school drama bullshit anymore like seriously grow up 
Chillin hmu 
Bored just chillin ... down for pretty much anything today hmu . 
I strongly dislike stupid people . 
Going for a run in the rain 
Damn , trying to quit smoking is hard . 
Making some positive changes for myself to help my life improve . 
Chillin 
Does anyone know where a good MMA gym is in NPR ? 
I hate fake people 
Gym , time to get back in shape . 
Bored , hmu 
Hell ya , I got a job ! 
Going to collage , got a job , staying out of trouble , life is great . 
Start my new job today , im excited ! 
Moving sod for 6 hours sucks , I already hate my job lmao 
Ran today , time to get my ass back in shape . 
Today is going to be a good day . 
Getting another tat soon , can't wait ! 
I don't tan , I just burn . 
Got a job , going to college , past my drug test , getting another tattoo and apartment soon , life is going well . :) 
Anyone down to start working out daily ? 
