Saw \Public Enemies\ " today and thought it was the worst film he'd seen this year . Save your time and money . " 

Confounded machines ! The Mustang is having issues ! Now the turn-signals and back-up lights don't work ! What next ? The engine falls out and all my male friends tell me they are gay ? Argh !!!!! 
is off to see Pandorum . 
is glad his boa is feeling better . 
Thanksgiving sucks . Amen ! 
I will have Kaiser Wilhelm shot !!! 
Finals are all done . Only nine more classes until I can start applying to UC's . And over the winter break ... I plan on doing MORE studying . 
Hanging out 
Well this year is not off to a good start : I couldn't party too much because my stomach has been feeling shitty the last few days . Oh well , I'll just sit at home and read some < PROPMALE > Pessoa and some Lev Shestov and write more of my philosophical diatribes -- in other words , a great way to ring in the new year . Yay ! 
Well I'm finally over the stomach ailment that impaired my ability to enjoy New Years < PROPFEMALE > . Oh , and don't ask how I know . 
I've just posted the first article for my new blog : \Democracy on Trial . \ " Read it at http://apolemicist.blogspot.com " 
\I hate being sick . \"" 
I want to tell you a story : a man went looking for humanity , and couldn't find it anywhere . 
is wondering why in the hell so many English teachers have an eternal hardon for Shakespeare . \He's crap !!!!! \"" 
I thought church was supposed to make you happy ? Why is it , then , that my parents always come home from church yelling at each other ? God is Love right ? What a joke ! 
Have to write a damn essay about two stories , then have to study for my Poli Sci exam , then have to begin work on another stupid essay about illegal immigration . Teachers assign too much stupid shit . I'm already getting burned out . * sigh * 
is looking foward to Round Table and philosophical discussion later . 
The car is washed and deoxidized . Now it looks like a real pimp mobile . Now , it is time to do ... what ? 
Just watched \Observe and Reoprt . \ " Damn I love that movie . Now I'm bored again . " 
Might go see Shutter Island later ... don't know though . 
Finally finished waxing the damn Mustang . Combined with deoxidizing it , this weekend has turned into a < PROPMALE > pain in the ass . Now time to work on my stupid illegal immigration esay . Yay for me . 
Yay ! I don't know why , but yay ! 
Bored and uninspired . 
You know what one of the best feelings is ? Receiving an out-of-print book in the mail , seeing that it is in mint condition , and realizing it is all yours ( and at a very good price too ) . 
Male friends , allow me a question : Why is it that when males get a girlfriend , they immediately become wimps and will not stand their ground ? 
Got my tickets to Public Image Limited , their first U.S. show in 18 years . All is well . 
Is going to Public Image Limited tonight . Hell yeah ! 
So the alternator died on the Mustang ( at least that's what I think happened ) , and now I'm trapped at home . Ain't life great ? 
You know what I am sick and tired of ? Studios producing shitty remakes of great films . 
If I had the mindset of a book-burning Nazi , the first thing I would cast into the flames is the complete works of < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare . Shakespeare is pigshit !!! 
The wine is flowing , Babylon has fallen , Sodom will prosper , and Gomorrah ... well ... what then ? 
Hey Facebook : thanks for making my profile better ... BY COMPLETELY FUCKING IT UP !!!!!!!! I HOPE ALL THE DEVELOPERS ARE RAPED TO DEATH BY DEMONIC DONKEYS !!!!!!!! 
\And if you want to find hell with me I can show you what it's like . \ " -- Danzig . " 
Bored out of my fucking mind . Anyone wanna do something ? ( My guess is no . ) 
You know what I am really sick and tired of ? Getting contradictory information from places regarding whether they are hiring or not . I swear , places like that need to get their shit together !!! 
You know what I am getting sick of ? \ 
Environmental groups , and books that support and expound the Humanist \ 
life stance . Both are popping up like flies on shit and aggravating me \ 
beyond all measure . They're both utopian ( i.e. full of shit ) . I'm not against people who choose to believe in \ 
either of these , but let me say this : WE GET THE FUCKING \ 
PICTURE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOW FUCK OFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have existed from the morning of the world and I shall exist until the last < PROPFEMALE > falls from the night . Although I have taken the form of < PROPFIRST > Romero , I am all men as I am no man and therefore a god . 
Friends and family , promise me something : if I ever get engaged , put a bullet in my head or have me committed . Obviously , something fatal is about to happen in Evanland . 
Why does \I love you\ " come off as the lamest phrase in the English language ? " 
Have a job interview today with General Atomics Aeronautical . Wish me luck . 
Just finished playing some Goldeneye on the ol ' N64 . Ahhh , nostalgia . 
Just saw Shutter Island . It was lame . I want my dollar twenty-five back . 
Enough about the Gulf oil spill . Just about every issue of Time has ran a cover story on it . We get it : it's a catastrophe , now move on . Pissing and whining about it isn't going to change anything : we're still going to drive gas-guzzling vehicles and suck the Earth dry of oil and the animals are still going to suffer . Stop having so much hope for humanity : we're not that good . Let's move on to something else -- 
I didn't think about this before , but the explosion that caused the Gulf oil spill happened on April 20th a.k.a. 420 . Hmmm ... is marijuana perhaps to blame for this catastrophe ? 
Okay , so apparently , BP , in the wake of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill , swore that they would protect the walruses that will be affected by the oil spill . One small problem with that : walruses have not called the Gulf Coast home for over 3 million years ! 
How\ 
many of us really know everyone on our facebook ? Here's a task for \ 
you ... I want all my facebook friends to post how you met me . After you \ 
comment , copy this onto your status . You'll be surprised at the \ 
responses you get . 
Not that I give a shit about basketball , but I was hopping the Lakers would loose simply because I like seeing the home team loose . 
To my Dad on Father's Day : Thanks for being a complete asshole all these years . Thanks for treating your family like shit . Thanks for never being there . Thanks for teaching me nothing . Thanks for ruining every family holiday . Thanks for not appreciating anything anyone has ever done for you . I hope all this stuff will be with you and give you the worse Father's Day ever . -- < PROPFIRST > 
Apparently , Obama has his panties in a bunch because some general called the bastards in Washington a bunch of clowns . I agree with the good general . 
Everyone is making a big deal out of this earthquake . It's a fucking earthquake , let it go . 
IFYOU\ 
ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rateyou . \ 
1 . ) Crazy 2 . ) I'd marry you 3 . ) Talkative 4 . ) Sassy 5 . ) Loveable6 . ) Too \ 
nice 7 . ) Moody 8 . ) Sexy 9 . ) Spoiled 10 . ) Mouthy 11 . ) < PROPFIRST > 12 . ) Just \ 
plain awesome 
Why is it that when something breaks , people stand and stare at it as if that will fix the broken object ? 
It's 3:18 a.m. The parents just left a little bit ago for Wyoming . Let the party begin . 
According to women , men are placed in two categories : assholes and sex fiends . According to men , women are placed in three categories : hot , ugly , and annoying . With such superficial classifications , is it any wonder that men and women fail to understand each other and live in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I just drank a whole bottle of wine and talking to a great woman . She's great . Now it is time for some verse : \ 
The beauties walk away in decay\ 
and live to fight another day . \ 
The screams are bountiful and sublime\ 
and in time you will soon be mine . \ 
Those petty philosophers of verse\ 
will soon be better off than worse . \ 
I cannot raise a hand or my price\ 
and those who think so , you sure are nice . 
I made someone happy today . Three points and a doggie biscuit for me . Yay !!! 
Some party I'm having : everyone is stuck in traffic ! Just me and my cousin < PROPFIRST > . Thrilling !!! 
Fun party last night . A big thanks to those who showed up , and a bigger no thanks to those who said they were going to come but never showed nor called ( < PROPFEMALE > and Becca are excluded from this ) . I should make them pay for all the alcohol that went undrunk . 
Happy birthday to me ! 23 today ; in other words , I'm an old fart . So my parents and siblings gave me the best birthday present by staying an extra two days in Wyoming . They won't be home until tomorrow . So I'm all alone on my birthday . How awesome , in a non-sarcastic way . 
\Love\ 
Is it me , or do too many people get their political views and humanitarian passions from celebrities ? 
It's great watching the brush fire from my house . It's in the hills right behind my house . Awesome ! 
The\ 
morning after the fire is Surreal : a < PROPFEMALE > haze hangs over the valley , \ 
ash is falling from the sky , the main boulevards are vacant , an \ 
emptiness permeates my neighborhood , and the Bacon Patrol is out in full \ 
force acting like they know what the hell they are doing and making it \ 
seem like our tax dollars are at work . Beware , Al-Quaeda might be \ 
amongst us ... 
There is another fire southeast of me . Rancho Vista Boulevard is closed and I am home alone . How exciting . 
My\ 
dad claims I am a \selfish and sinful person\ " because of some 
Just heard the news : Proposition 8 has been overturned . Take that religious right ! Of course they are going to keep on appealing to higher courts , but I think they are just beating a dead horse . 
Random thought : Shit happens -- that explains me . 
Every time I see < PROPMALE > Tebow I just want to punch him in the face . That fucking smile of his pisses me off . It says \I'm a self-righteous moral prick ! \"" 
How superficial can the world be when we are obsessed with a fucking wizard and a vampire and werewolf that are in love with the same girl . 
\Remember that a government big enough \ 
You know what I love ? When you think that someone likes you , really likes you ... then you suddenly cease to exist . 
I just saw an issue of People magazine with the Duggars on it . It says they have 19 kids and want more . Are those stupid hicks THAT backwards ? Have they ever heard of birth control ? Oh wait , God prohibits men from wrapping their < PROPFIRST > and women are prohibited from using birth control because , after all , God did say \Be fruitful and multiply ; fill the earth and subdue it . \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Coulter reminds me of a transvestite . 
I\ 
am sick and tired of colleges always bringing out new editions of books \ 
that are no different from the previous edition except in cosmetic \ 
terms . Then they charge you up the ass for the book . If this isn't a racket I don't know what is . 
Went into the pool for the first time in nearly ten years today . And now I'm sunburned . Yay . 
It's Saturday and I need a change . Anyone want to chill tonight ? 
Why is it that so many people are unbearably boring ? 
Off to the beach today . Oh yeah , be jealous . 
College textbooks SHOULD NOT cost more than tuition . It's nothing but a racket . I'll bet the colleges pay $20 bucks per book , then < PROPFIRST > the prices up to $140 . This is greed in the first degree . I say we boycott college bookstores and college textbooks until they lower the prices . I say we give them hell in any way possible about robbing college students ... and I am not against \propaganda of the deed . \ " That is all . " 
Out of work college student needs a job . 
So let me make sure I am clear : just because my classmates are too stupid to understand what I wrote ( despite it being perfectly clear ) , I am at fault and have to get a bad grade . Well , let me apologize then for not letting my brain turn to mush , and actually * trying * to enhance my intelligence . 
I came home , went upstairs , and discovered Lucian , my boa constrictor , dead . I know it wasn't negligence on my part , so I'm guessing he was sick and showed no symptoms . It was nice knowing him and I'm very happy that I got to be his final owner . I think I'm going to drink a beer in his memory ... and here I thought he'd be with my for quite some time ... just like a child ... and that's how I felt about him . 
I love these lyrics :\ 
\Torn so much\ 
I see where I rank in your book now . Thanks for nothing . 
So glad October is here . So glad we are finally getting some rain . The time for doom and gloom is upon us . Spring and Summer , go fuck yourself . 
Okay , so I'm on Musicians Friends browsing through guitars , and I see a < PROPMALE > Tuck Signature Series Guitar by < PROPMALE > . WHAT THE FUCK !? How does a lame ass guitarist in a lame ass band get a signature series guitar ? This just goes to show you how pathetic our world has become . 
I love these lyrics . From \Darkness\ " by Burzum : \ " When night falls\ 
Ah , it is colder than sixty degrees -- and it is still not cold enough for me . Oh winter of my cold soul , hurry up and come . 
Boredom , boredom , boredom ... nothing but perpetual fucking boredom . 
Seeing as many of my friends are doing it , I may as well add my two cents : I like it alone . 
You ever get the feeling you were born in the wrong < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Alright , enough about those damn miners . They're out , great , let's move on . 
Cars are more problems than they are worth . How I wish everything was so much simpler . 
Well , the transmission on the Batmobile crapped out . Looks like I'm stranded at home . 
So my friend and I have this bet : he claims that < PROPMALE > is better than The Big Bang Theory , and I claim the opposite . What do YOU think ? You have to have seen both shows at least once to vote . Also , please try and spread this out to your friends so the pool of answers will be bigger . 
The clouds < PROPFEMALE > like lead and lightning rapes the sky ;\ 
We behold with our eyes the metaphysical lie . \ 
The anger of the gods and misanthropic hate\ 
Leads the whole of mankind to the abyss of their fate . 
I am loving the rain and the thunder and the lightning and the hail . Finally , we have a beautiful night in Palmdale . 
So , how many of you Californians think that < PROPFIRST > Brownstain is going to beat < PROPFEMALE > Witless on November 2nd ? ( Just for the record , I don't support either of these candidates : I'll be casting my vote for the Libertarian candidate < PROPFIRST > Ogden . ) This is simply me making a prediction like I did in the 2008 Presidential Election , in which I was correct . 
Just finished < PROPMALE > Goldwater's \The Conscious of a Conservative . \ " If there were more politicians like him in the world it would be a much better place . " 
Two things :\ 
1 . I don't care who you are , it is impossible to look cool while driving an SUV with Sodom blasting on the radio . \ 
2 . Cops apparently think they own the road . I just got mad-dogged by an off-duty sheriff who was driving like a retard and trying to cut me off . Remember this pig fucker : I have no qualms about sicking the dogs on your ass -- and dogs love pork . 
am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the \ 
United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one \ 
nation , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all ! I grew \ 
up reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer do \ 
that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE ! Let's see how many will re-post this\ 
and not care about offending someone .. 
Just finished my security guard training . Now I can start applying for positions busting punk ass shoplifters . Yay for me ! 
First we had the Tea Party , and now we have The Coffee Party . The fucking Coffee Party -- seriously ? It's no wonder nothing gets done in this country : we've turned politics into a game . 
You know , the more I read philosophy , the more I am convinced of < PROPMALE > Bierce's definition of it : \Philosophy -- A route of many roads leading from nowhere to nothing . \"" 
I posted an essay on my profile that I have written ( under Notes ) . Read it and let me know what you think . Feedback is appreciated . It's called \It Doesn't Take a Rocket Scientist . \"" 
Can't even enjoy a movie on Netflix Instant Play without the piece of shit internet connection acting like a bipolar bitch in heat . I fucking hate Time < PROPMALE > and wireless ... 
So\ 
my friend and I have this bet : he claims that < PROPMALE > is better than The\ 
Big Bang Theory , and I claim the opposite . What do YOU think ? You have \ 
to have seen both shows at least once to vote . Also , please try and \ 
spread this out to your friends so the pool of answers will be bigger . 
\In accordance with my < PROPFEMALE > of life 
How fun : I get to listen to my little sister act like the damn brat that she is . She is the reason I want to get a vasectomy and NEVER want any children of my own . 
1stperson\ 
to like this - you will be my profile pic for 24 hours . 2ndperson - \ 
your last name will be my last name for 1 day . 3rd person- ill ... marry \ 
you for 48 hours . 4th person , I will write on your wall saying ilove \ 
you ! 5th - you can ask me anything you want in my INBOX ONLY \ 
and ...... i'll tell ... the truth ! put this as your status if your brave 
\Take me ... can't you feel the Call\ 
Happy Halloween everyone ! ( Note to self : I still have to get a costume ... ) 
So here are my predictions for this election . This is only covering a few of the candidates and some of the Props . \ 
Gov : Brown\ 
Senate : Boxer\ 
19 : No\ 
20 : Yes\ 
21 : Yes\ 
23 : No\ 
25 : Yes\ 
\ 
Mind you these are not how I am voting but simply predictions . And unlike some people , I do not believe in the secret ballot , so if you're interested in who or what I voted for , shoot me a message . 
You know , I'm all for having a plurality of opinions ; but just because you * have * an opinion does not mean you necessarily have a place in any sort of rational debate or public discussion . 
The only \change we can believe in\ " is change we bring about ourselves . " 
The Batmobile is back in business . 
You know you're getting old when you find life insurance offers in the mail . 
Last night I played Risk for the first time . The game lasted three hours with me kicking my friends ass . All I can say is I am definitely playing that game a lot more in the future . The world will be mine ! 
The science of positive thought is tantamount to the science of espousing bullshit . 
You know what's really freaky ? Sitting alone in your house writing a horror story , and constantly hearing noises . Either I'm scaring myself or ... never mind . 
\I've been waiting for a guide to come and take me by the hand . Could these sensations make me feel the pleasures of a normal man ? \ " --\" Disorder\ " by Joy Division . " 
It's raining and gloomy out , and I love it . 
\Oh Yes\ " by < PROPFIRST > Bukowski\ 
Just browsing through all the status updates tells me one thing : everyone is watching football . If you ever see me post a status update regarding me watching football ( or any other sport for that matter ) , please shoot me ... and most of you won't find that too hard to do . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . Things I'm thankful for : good friends and family , good books , good music , good movies , good cigarettes , and good laughs . 
So who's going out on Black Friday ? Sure as hell not me . No bookstores ever have any good deals on anything good . 
I just discovered they are remaking the movie \Vanishing Point . \ " Damn you Hollywood . Damn you ! Haven't we learned not to mess with perfection ? " 
“Do I write out of love of men ? No , I \ 
write to procure for my thoughts an existence in the world ; and , even if\ 
I foresaw that these thoughts would deprive you of your rest and your \ 
peace , even if I saw the bloodiest wars and the fall of many generations\ 
springing up from this seed of thought—I would nevertheless scatter \ 
it . ” -- < PROPMALE > Stirner 
\She was lighting a fart and her bush caught fire . \"" 
You know what I love ? How tax filing websites always show people extremely happy about filing their taxes . Here is an idea that is much truer to life : show a person bent over a barrel , a gun held to their head , and a huge dildo with the words \Government\ " on it being shoved up the persons ass . " 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but ... 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your sup ... port good people : I copied and pasted , will you ? 
\The aspiration to ' save ' the world is a morbid phenomenon of a people's youth . \ " -- E.M. Cioran . And this can be applied to individuals as well . " 
Mom's sick and I'm taking care of the kids . Great day for me . 
\It is safer to be feared than loved . \ " -- Niccolo Machiavelli . " 
#1990 : Uh yeah . Stop eating your vagina sauce . And remember , if you're going to change the world ... uh that was going nowhere . Yeah . Anyways , stay cool . 
#21 : nice , pretty , good sense of humor , knows how to have fun , good taste in music , doesn't take any shit , likes chess , and is all-around awesome and cool . 
It's too warm ... 
\Shit . I knew the old folks . They only went two ways -- to God or to wine . And those on God complained . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Bukowski " 
So people keep going on about some meteor shower . Well , I saw no falling rocks . The Universe can shove ' em . 
I am Dionysus , the god of many . You lives are in my hands , but I care not to hold on . The wine shall flow and the cities shall fall ; nothing will be as it was once before . 
So explain something to me : how in the hell is a simple judo flip considered \violent\ " ? Some cheap moralist just flagged a video of such on You Tube . Now it cannot be viewed unless your age can be verified . What bullshit . " 
I begin my security guard training tomorrow . I'm glad , but that means goodbye goatee and goodbye long hair . Oh well , it was time for a change anyways . 
Well tonight will be my first night on duty . Yay ! 
Today will be my first non-supervised shift . Wish me luck . 
Is it me , or are The Clash one of the most overrated bands in history ? and \London Calling\ " being the most overrated album ever ? " 
Well , first night manning the post solo passed without serious incident . Let's just hope the owner of the property doesn't complain because I didn't log that I farted crossways ... or something stupid like that . 
“That's what real love amounts to -- letting a person be what he really is . Most people love you for who you pretend to be . To keep their love , you keep pretending , performing . You get to love your pretense . It's true , we're locked in an image , an act . ” -- < PROPMALE > Morrison 
You and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . 
Time to buy some books on Amazon with my Visa gift card . Yay ! 
Lower back pain fucking sucks . 
\And if my thought-dreams could be seen 
So the other night I get home from my friends house and what do I see ? My neighbor's trampoline lying in their neighbor's front yard . Apparently the wind was blowing so hard it carried the trampoline over the wall into the neighbor's yard . Needless to say I was laughing my ass off . 
Well it is officially New Year's < PROPFEMALE > and I say goodbye and good riddance to 2010 . This year has been the biggest waste of my time . Well , I did get a job and make a few new friends so this year has not been a total loss . Thanks to all those who made this year tolerable ( at best ! ) . And to those who made it suck , fuck you . ( Special Feature : I just noticed another friend has disappeared from my life . Well fuck you then . ) 
Everyone is loving the snow . Yes , it's just dandy -- except I get to go stand out in it tonight ! 
You know what I find so funny about teenagers ? They always think of themselves as \fiercely independent\ " when they are doing the exact same stuff as everyone else . That sounds more like fiercely conformist to me . " 
My Uncle Norm passed into the great unknown today . I didn't know him all that well , but I knew him enough to know that he was a great person . He will be missed . This family is slowly fading away ... like a footprint in the snow . 
To whoever invented Time < PROPMALE > internet : I hope you get viciously raped by Satanic goats , castrated and disemboweled by demonic children , puke and shit all your insides out , and then have your head explode . 
I was bored so I made this up . \ 
Egoistical\ 
Vindictive\ 
Artistic\ 
Nihilist\ 
Recalcitrant\ 
Opposing\ 
Misanthropic\ 
Erratic\ 
Rejected\ 
Ostricized 
The longer I live , the more the stench of humanity sets my teeth on edge . 
Let's see how creative my FB friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name ONLY ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this as your status , so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's ...... no fun 
Who knew that the first ten days of the new year would be so ... interesting . 
Just got good news : due to one of the guards at work resigning I now have taken over his schedule which means a set schedule and a full forty hours a week . 
I'm so sick of Barnes and < PROPMALE > offering me 30% off of shitty books that are only fit for those with the intellect of an aborted fetus to read . At least Borders gives you 40% off any goddamn book you want . 
\Oh it's such a perfect day\ 
Nothing like listening to The Doors after getting off of work , receiving the book I've been waiting for in the mail , drinking a Pepsi , and having today off . Fuck the world ! 
I hate it when books by authors I like go out of prin t--t hen they cost a fortune to buy ! 
Am I the only one who sees something fundamentally wrong with an advertisement on an MC5 music video ??? 
Saw \In the Line of Fire\ " for the first time tonight . Such a great movie . " 
I have made a resolution : from here on out , I am going to vote for the political party that is least likely to win be it fascist , communist , socialist , or similar ilk . Why waste my vote you ask ? Simply because I can and I don't give a damn . We live in a world that truly thinks it will make a difference by voting . Well , perhaps I'll just become a mockery of that very ideal . \ 
End transmission . 
I hate it when people just disappear from your friends list . Oh well . As I always say , \Who need friends when you have good books ? \"" 
Yay , been approved for a credit card . 
\Optimism is cowardice . \ " -- Oswald Spengler . ( Leave it to me to kill the light at the party . ) " 
You know what I love about my job ? The fact that you don't have to be nice to people and that you can boss them around . Oh , and lets not forget being able to tell the snotty brats to get the hell out of the play yard when it's time to lock it up . Bwahahahahahahahaha !!!!! 
At the risk of sounding like a fascist I'm just going to say it : People who write in books ( highlighting , underlining , etc . ) need to be stood against a wall and shot . 
I love how Amazon's Two-Day Shipping is always more than two days . 
The vodka I drank earlier is still kicking my ass . 
\And if my thought-dreams could be seen\ 
I HATE Google instant search . 
I always laugh at people who say , when making reference to poon , \Its been a week . \ " Try four and a half years < PROPMALE >." 
So families gather around the television : the men to watch the cheerleaders and envision them later when they are screwing their wives , and the women to watch the players and hope that the cup is not the only thing causing that lump . I , however , stand back and ponder what Sigmund Freud would have said about the game of football with its obvious homosexual connotations . 
So while everyone spent their time watching football I chose to watch a few episodes of House . Yeah , I definitely had a much better ( and more productive ) day . 
I ... feel ... nothing 
Valentines Day ... had certain events transpired differently , today would have meant more to me than just another day . 
Got my tickets for Motorhead ordered . On March 11th , Club Nokia won't know what hit it . Hopefully it was built with reinforced steel , otherwise that place is gonna collapse . This is the first time I'm seeing them in eight years since I started liking them . 
So I heard that if the government doesn't get their shit together and figure out a budget to get them through the next seven months of the fiscal year , they'll be shut down . Frankly , I'd like to see this happen just for the fun of it . Oh , despicable me ! 
So tonight I get to stand in a shit shack no bigger than an outhouse with the rain and wind blowing in , and check in people so stupid they don't deserve to live so they can go visit grandma and pillage her medicine cabinet . Oh yeah , I love my job . 
So I'm sitting in my backyard entertaining gloomy thoughts as is usual and it starts to rain . In turn , my thoughts become gloomier , and the rain falls harder . Am I the only one who finds this funny ? 
Here is a new rule for video games : when you shoot a villain in the head , they should die . I'm really getting sick and tired of these villains in video games that have supper human strength and don't die even when you shoot a rocket up their ass . This sheer stupidity is part of the reason I quit playing video games . 
In a world in which everything is dead , it is a struggle to remain alive . Around us are nothing but the decaying bodies of the dead -- the dead who often never got a < PROPMALE > to really live . And we keep trudging through the darkened waters while all around us the bodies of the dead try and pull us under ... 
If there is one thing I hate about college English teachers , it is that they assign the most pointless and uninteresting subjects for essays . Less than three weeks in and I'm already sick and tired of it . 
Here is something I thought up tonight while at work ( and this will show how much time I have on my hands ): This town really needs a brothel . 
You know what's better than sex ? Opening a package in the mail and finding an out of print book inside . Oh , and tonight at work I overheard two guys in the jacuzzi talking about having sex with underage girls . Like , woah . 
I still insist that this town needs a brothel . 
If it starts snowing tonight I'm gonna go apeshit . 
It's amazing : looking back on the friends I had in high school , I've pretty much kicked all of them but one to the curb . 
So now I'm all certified with pepper spray and the baton . Now I can blind some fuckers while beating the shit out of them . Go me . 
So work decided to fuck with my schedule and now I have lost my whole weekend . Oh well , it's not like I ever did anything anyways . :-) 
So tonight at work some dipshit called me a \fucking Nazi\ " and \ " Hitler\ " all in the span of five seconds . All I did was laugh in the guys face . " 
I've been giving this a good deal of thought lately , and I have finally reached a conclusion : I'm through pursuing young women : I'm going after cougars . 
\Public opinion reigns in society because stupidity reigns amongst the stupid . \ " -- < PROPMALE > Chamfort\ 
I love how , when I speak the truth , people delete my comments . 
Go to your profile . Top 5 friends in the side bar are on your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? < PROPMALE > Ball , < PROPFIRST > Negaard , < PROPFIRST > Huls , < PROPFEMALE > Go , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > are on my team . I think we stand a pretty good < PROPMALE > . 
Loyal to my friends , hateful towards my enemies , indifferent to those who are neither . 
Tattoos used to be cool ... until everyone who was anyone got one . Now they're just lame . 
Had another encounter with another transvestite . I will give the previous one credit for at least trying . The one I encountered tonight didn't seem to give a damn : it's kind of hard to be convincing when you're dressed as a woman , but the picture on your license is of a guy . 
Eight hour turnarounds are fun ! 
