I'm getting mind raped by my gf 

Wow I have a headache 
Multitasking like a f'ing god . 
doesn't have any plans today . 
Next year , check out the big slides set up on the Mississippi near Brownsville around the 4th of July ! If you hurry it may still be set up . 
is passing the time . 
is rampaging through the social internet . 
Having a yard sale this weekend , if anyone's passing through Hokah , check it out . 
I NEED A CAR !!! 
No longer wants to look at another ear of corn ... EVER !!! 
What's everybody been up to ? Hit me up man ! Haven't herd from most of you for over a year ! 
How do the parents ever get fat when they have to take care of little kids ? 
My stomach's talking . 
How many replies will I get I wonder . 
Haven't slept in two days . Cause I have no memory card for the PS2 , I have been trying to play the games all the way through without saving . 
Gimme some money ! I'm broke ! lol .... No seriously . 
Watchin ' District 9 , not too bad so far . 
I wonder how many Gigs of space I download , read , and delete in a month . 
Be on at 2 gimme some contact with the real world !! 
Will do anything for a car right now ! 
GIMME FOOD RAWR !!! 
is incredibly bored . 
rawr 
I got a buzz-cut , lol . 
Soooo sleepy . 
Goin ' down to Indiana , visiting a friend for a week . 
Waiting to get my new 360 . 
Mmm , brownies . ^.^ 
Crawls to nearest computer to complain about not having a job . ( instert complaint here ) Spends rest of time browsing internet for porn , lol , jk . 
Having relationship issues . 
I GOTTA JOB !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I don't have any good pictures of me . 
is dressed in a white business suit . Very spiffy . XD 
Thinks Disgaia 2 is a really complicated game if you're a newb . 
~ Stomache grumbles ~ I'm hungry . 
^w^ Donating plasma is actually the largest income I have at the moment . 
Obsessing . 
Contemplating the secrets of the universe . Ask me what I've learned , if you dare . 
join my pack on dogwars ! http://bit.ly/90YBiA 
Ugh , you know those days where every little thing that's not that important ALL go wrong and the whole day is ruined even though nothing bad went wrong ? 
I'm using the wi-fi here at the plasma center with a needle in my arm . XD Typing one handed is getting easier . 
Never comin ' down . Nevah evah gonna touch the ground , the ground . ^w^ 
The whole house to myself and no parental supervision and she takes the car keys ! 
My internet is posessed . It magically ( or tempormentally ) works or doesn't work and nobody ( not even from the internet installation crew ) can figure out why . 
Keep your sanity . 
Bombed all traces of my Ex's existance . 
So much to say and no idea how to say it . Making myself metaphors with no sound , a deep message from the my lips never found . \ 
Who am I to you , a person made to fit . Identity created to set myself free , never see through it and love the fake me . 
But what I say never comes out right . It's mean and it's true realism\ 
isn't nice , truth isn't always the answer a white lie could suffice . \ 
Yet I love an argument , differences leading to a fight . Humor me\ 
sometimes when I say it in jest . Tell me what you think , I'll figure\ 
out the rest . 
Deep thoughts man ! 
I have one rule for life ....... Okay , several . But you don't get to know ' em . XP 
I hate < PROPFIRST > Bieber on principle . Having fan girls that obsessed means you must die but I don't think his music is as bad as his male reputation . 
I wish I had a digital camera . I have almost no pics of me whatsoever . Nor do I have cool pics of whatever I do everyday ... Also lacking a cellphone . v_v 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim movie was pretty good . Really odd but hilarious . 
The path of least resistance is well to be avoided . 
The word \nothing\ " is the perfect oxymoron . " 
GENERIC PERVERTED JOKE ! 
Who thought of the potato pancake ? 
Ugh , feel like crap . Woppler ! You gotz me sick ! 
mint doesn't help a dry throat . 
Rawr ! Hand hurts ! 
>.< Headache is disorienting and making me want to throw up . At least it's not a migraine yet . 
Lies understood to be lies and said anyways are unforgivable . Especially when another's reputation is affected . 
XD Installing WoW on comp right now . Gonna try the 10 free trial . 
The swelling in my left hand has gone down but the entire inside of the palm is still bruised . 
HUNGRY ! Gonna resort to cannibalism . 
Cold Stone Creamery's ice cream looks SOOOO DELICIOUS ! But I think I'd rather buy Hog'n'das by the tub and just take that home . 
Total slaughter ! Total slaughter ! I won't leave a single man alive ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > picked a peck of pickled peppers ... Then he ate them , the end . 
Everyone's a little dysfunctional . 
5th in the tournament ! 
