im home . had a great weekend 

bored out the yinyang 
just chillen 
just got home 
watchen american pie . fixin to txt biscuit lol 
just added my best friend 
home ... 
at sams ..... chillen 
watchin the fights then xin some playbox .... feel free to txt 
chillen . watchin the original american pie cuz its the best 
bored .... txt me 
bored .. ne one up for conversation ? 
sleepy sick and bored 
bored any one up for conversation ? 
chillen with zach ... waitin on the game 
is the effin man 
just sittin around 
I don't believe in it . Have you ever seen a lion limber up before it takes down a gazelle ? 
thanks for all the birthday wishes 
tired as hell ... bout to rig my laptop charger so i can go lay down 
bored ... saw < PROPFIRST > hood and it was pretty epic ..... prolly new pics later txt me 
hates everything about everything 
just sittin around ..... wish someone would have brought me mcdonalds earlier ..... they know who they r lol 
Just got home .... had a good night ... except tht my name was changed to skyler vonzizi 
at work ....... 
at zachs chillen 
just chillen with zach and higginbothom 
kinda sorta really sleepy 
at work ... tired cuz its so early 
watchin family guy then countdown to ufc117 and hangin with zach 
in new orleans ...... real tired ..... definitley goin to sleep 
at zachs ... mite do a movie later 
chillen at zachs .... still effin sick ....... playin < PROPFIRST > cart on the 64 and is suprisingly entertained 
glad to be home but pissed about the fights .... rosenthal is the worst ref ever .... also still sick .... not happy 
tired ... sick ... pretty much the same as all week 
still tired and sick .... but sushi definitley lightned my spirits 
Singin < PROPMALE > mcgraw and faith hill with zach < PROPFIRST > and wingate at waffle house ....... just tht awesome ..... i love jukeboxes 
chillen with < PROPFIRST > zach and justin ... bout to swim 
im aswome !! 
really tired .... and bored .... up for conversating ... 
tired as hell 
At work ..... really blows 
at work ..... fixin to get off 
at zachs .. saw the expendables and it was super badass 
chillen with wingate ... bout to eat some spagetti 
just started a twitter\ 
a little disapointed in myself 
holy shit holy shit a swordfish almost went through my face 
tired as hell ........ 
waterpark is finally closed !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate npf ... A call or txt would be nice 
HOMEWORK !!!!!! thanl god npf is over 
is really pumped 
had a decent day 
im tired as shit but cant sleep 
rdy to sleep 
kinda bored ... and tired but i dont wanna sleep ... up for talking tho 
this really blows 
a little on the sore and tired side but had fun .. which is a good thing 
REALLY wants to go to colorado state 
Got mail from ColoradoState today !! 
is really really tired and sore ...... really 
not geeling great ..... planing on relaxing tomoro after work 
cleaning ... which really blows ... 
OHHHH .. someone left their facebook up at work annnd they are not suppost to be on here BUUUTTT i could be really mean but i wont ... ill just log out !!!! 
still cleaning 
no effin way 
I EAT POOOO 
really really tired 
rise and rise again until lambs become lions 
just got home .... bout to watch the ultimate fighter 
Team GSP all the way !!!!! 
needs someone to start working out with 
all of this time i cant believe i couldnt see , left in the dark when you were there in front of me 
fights tonite 
At bww for the fights . which is awesome 
is kinda bored but stuff tp do later so its all good 
hurt his neck 
just got off .... HUNGRY !! 
chillen ... fishin was great 
fixin to head out ... 
at home .... tired and sore ..... takedowns are douche bags 
team GSP is 3-0 
thank god the weekend is here 
Michigans goin to win 
had a relaxing day .... it was pretty nice 
is exhausted 
ultimate fighter time !! 
gettin rdy for work 
Hardy all the way 
< PROPFIRST > Rogan\what do u think went wrong . \ " < PROPFIRST > Hardy \ " ummm i got punched in the face . \"" 
Never Back Down 
Finally got my Gi !!! 
listenin to some conway twitty at work ..... really wants to sleep 
open mat in the morning ... cant wait 
5-2 today at open mat .... im mighty proud of myelf 
is unusually tired ..... 
its too early to be awake during the weekend 
really tired and really sore ... but i learned my lesson ..... 
Faber all the way 
is working ... visitors welcome 
is excited about tomorow 
had a great time at lunch cant wait till tonite 
got his computer charger in finally 
On the way to baton rouge 
You ready for a little NAFTA ? 
MMA tonight and then ill be blessed with mashed potatoes for supper ... life is good 
at work starving ... cant wait till jiu jitsu tonight 
getting my tattoo today !! 
Has his first tattoo 
Playing on my new phone 
Loves angry birds 
The evo is the best phone ever 
Fixing to get Christmas dinner again 
Had a fantastic workout can't wait to do it again 
Watching never back down and catching a little rnr 
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it . 
Pain is temporary . It may last a minute an hour a day or a year . But if I quit it will stay with me forever 
Losers quit when their tired . Winners quit when they'be won . 
Just got back to Damons the fighter is a great movie 
needs someone to come workout with him 
Is down to 207 
Cooking up some diet food 
Hates writing essays 
Chilling at Labjj waiting for class and open mat 
Down to 208 
At work ..... 
Down to 205 lbs !!! 
Always keeps one in the chamber in case your pondering 
Training was awesome can't wait for more 
Fight night . 
Don't forget the front kick 
In class bored 
This weather makes me want to go fishing 
Neon bowling 
This sucks ..... I hate swim meets 
Bored ... someone should give me something to do 
Got accepted to mcneese 
School then nap then work .. I'm already tired 
Us extremely happy right now 
Two bags .. super awesome 
Has a car again ! 
Hates this job so freakin much 
Can't wait to train tonight 
Have I mentioned how much this job blows yet ? 
Dear Ufc judges , \ 
Learn how to judge fights . \ 
Yours truly , \ 
Scalisi 
Getting off early ! 
I hate this job ! 
Down to 192lbs ... 
Screw this job 
Wish I wasn't working a double so I could go train tonight 
I'll make it to the < PROPFEMALE > if I have to crawl 
Really tired ..... this job sucks .. can't wait to quit 
Tired ... 
Sorta bummed out 
Watching the fighter 
Down to 192.5 ! 
Fight night ! 
Got to quit popeyes !... and got a job at the movies 
Digging the new job 
188 lbs ! 
< PROPMALE > lawyer was freakin awesome ... definitely should get awards 
Bored .... 
So sick to my stomach ...... Damn u pizza 
Really didn't want to go to work today ........ 
The part of the story I don't like is that he gave up looking for his dog after an hour . You get your ass out there and find that f***king dog ! 
Kangaroo song , kangaroo song , KANGAROO SONG !!! 
But I wipe my own ass ... I wipe my own ass ! 
The season finale of lights out is awesome 
Getting graduation stuff ..... my parents should feel old lol 
Fishing with baus and < PROPMALE > 
Dos < PROPFIRST > all day 
Workin for spar tonight ... Thts what the hell I'm talking bout 
Thank God for payday 
Needs to be off ... urs almost fight time 
It's time !!!!! Goodluck to all my boys from LABJJ 
BIG < PROPFIRST > WITH THE LAT CHOKE !!! 
< PROPMALE > representes with tht americana ... tht Wtf I'm talkin bout 
< PROPMALE > tore it up .... DIESEL ... LABJJ . us 3 and 0 
Lamma u can eat a weiner ... ur Jiujitsu is no where near the level of LABJJ 
Had a pretty great weekend 
The inside leg kick .... enemy of cups everywhere 
I have decided tht benglis is the anti-christ ..... 
Starting to get my first little bit of cauliflower ear ! 
But we have beef jerky 
I think what my next tat will be ... idk where to put it tho .... 
Im so bored ..... 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s 
Wow .. luna's freakin rocks 
Is exhausted .... 
I'm in alot of pain but proud as hell . 
Is officially done with high-school ! 
Is the best big brother ever .... 
