Thank god ' 09 is done with . It's been THE shittiest year for me . I nearly lost my life in LA , I've had shitty relationships , poor grades , and some more stuff that I won't share . I just hope 2010 is much more promising than last year 

Finished my bio . Like it ? 
< PROPFEMALE > , i know you're stressed and caught up with that working life , but I'm gonna make sure you don't work tonight . . . . . What , can I not quote stuff from songs ? 
True love goes beyond physical affection . Sure , Sex is a bonus , but it's not the right way to show affection . That person can name all the other people you can possibly date , or all the reasons why ( s)he's imperfect . . . . but true love not only the chemistry , not only the compassion they < PROPFEMALE > , but the inclination to invest everything in someone aside from themselves . . . . But what do you know , right ? 
Once again , nostalgia's taking over my psyche . Will our hero walk this earth on some < PROPMALE > Bixby shit , yearning to taste a woman's sweet lips , hold her close , and tell her that she's the only thing that he needs in his life ? Tune in on the next episode . . . 
2009 , you were shit . 2010 , you were shit , and ended in the worst way there is . Hey 2011 , wanna be the combo breaker , or you gonna fuck me like the other bastards . . . . 
Many politicians , business interests , phony benefit groups , even religious leaders want a bullet in my forehead . ( smiling ) I'll < PROPMALE > their wish soon enough . Before I do , I must give back to friends , family , and significant others I love . . . from whom I've taken so much 
My heart goes out to everyone in Haiti , whether they have been displaced , died , or struggling . It's a rare , yet a beautiful sight when we see acts of humility being shown . This should not be treated as a feeble matter , for Haiti is a land plagued with famine and disease . With awareness , condolences , and support , we can and will help rebuild this nation ! 
I thought I was able to grow out of this high school bull shit ; however , for some reason , people just LOVE to push my buttons with their condescending attitude . It'll be all over though , because I'll be off this rock while they're stuck in the same spot . It's a much better payback than any manevolent fantasy anyone can muster . 
I remember handling my stress , hatred , and anger by fighting those who gave me exactly that . Every so often , I get those cravings fight . Every now and then , I have to remind myself about the consequences . Now I have a new stress reliever , which is staying up all night on facebook . That's one of the only few ways I can even get to bed on days like these . . . 
Sorry < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , but < PROPFEMALE>'s one State of mind I DON'T wanna be in . Leaving it , however , is like leaving a burning house . Can someone tell me please , what possessions ( woman ) should I take with me ? Tell me is it worth seeing the remnants of it ( pieces of my old self ) . Never before have I been confused in all my life in this transition . . . . . 
My horoscope - < PROPFIRST > . 30 , 2010 : A partner , either your life partner or a colleague , is likely to be in an irritable mood today , which you could find a bit upsetting . Bear in mind that this person's mood probably has little if anything to do with you , or anything you've said or done . Just stay out of their way until they're over it ! ( I should have read this a lot sooner\ " , 201 0-0 1-31 03:30:38 " 
Word for the day : Never fall in love when it's not willing to catch you . 
Thinking about tomorrow . Nervous , but I'm confident . I'm been planning it all for two weeks . As they say , put it all on the line and let the dice roll . 
This week so far has been shit for me . Sunday , February 14th : My < PROPFIRST > gets sick , I had to work like a chimp in the cage . Perfect timing , right ? Monday , February 15th : Had to work a shift I wasn't good at because everyone decides to call out . Today : I got word that a good friend of mine has gotten shot . I'm officially the < PROPMALE > of sorrow . 
I really about had it with people's diatribes against black women . Today , one guy who was Mexican was romanticizing about all white women and bashing heavily saying all black women are nasty . I can point out 10,000 nasty things about any other woman . Stop blaming an entire group for what some idiots do . I have nothing against any race of women , but if you diss my women , expect me to do the same thing . 
My man Guru , Hip Hop pioneer and the epitome of real Hip Hop , smitten with a heart attack and now lays in a Coma . I notice how a lot of famous people tend to die young from heart disease and cancer . I talked with it with my pops and he asked me , \Is getting the luxuries of life knowing you're only going to live till you're 40 more importantly than working hard for 80 years max ? \ " Food for thought . " 
I just lie awake and think of all the nights we spent . . . on the Summer's magic spell . But when it all done came , the love did not remain , and made my world a living hell . 
You're a part of the team and love is what it demands , but everything falters , but on paper , it looks so much grand . What do you do ? ( A)Move on , forget about your plan . ( B)Cruble under pressure like you're less of a man . ( C)Fight even harder for your love and pride ( D ) None of the above , go with the ride 
Note to self : Do not watch \A Single Man\ " . I don't know WHAT the hell I was watching last night . . . . . " 
I hate nightmares , because some nightmares end up coming true . I've dated three girls in the past , dreamed about them breaking up with me , and several weeks thereafter , all three of ' em broke up with me . But I had several dreams about a special someone , nothing like a break up though . . . . but could those come true in a sense ? 
I made someone smile tonight . It was someone who really needed it . :] 
Seems all efforts are futile after finding something out . I mean , I know , I saw it coming , but I thought there was hope . Please take me away from this place . 
Can decypher any intricate puzzle , surpass any maze , and can slay any demon known to man . The only demon he's susceptible to . . . . might be his own . Will our hero make through this 51 day tribulation without fucking up all what he worked for ? Tune in on our next episode . . . . . 
Tonight's a beautiful night . . . . . but it would be much more beautiful had I have a female to hold hands with and look at the full < PROPFEMALE > with 
Why you giving ME such a hard time , < PROPFEMALE > ! You got all these politicians lying , stealing , and causing wars , then you got folks on the street bangin ' , slangin ' , and wife beating . . . . and you punishing ME for shit I did back in high school ! Can't we just move on with our lives ?! Clean slate . . . < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My imperfections weighed heavily on my self-esteem . Some black families think prayers answers everything . I fell victim believing if my soul was saved , I could just snap my fingers , then my problems with love and drama would go away 
No matter how much I get , I'm never satisfied . Constantly trying to get instantly gratified . I like to indulge your life , well is that alright ? I should feel happy , but still feel bad inside . . . . . 
If you were pulled over by the police , and they accuse you of being a gang member , which gang would you choose to be in : A ) Rollin 60s Neighborhood Crips . B ) Black Disciple Nation . C ) The Zulu Nation . D ) United States < PROPFEMALE > Corps 
Sorry fot not being on for like . . . . forever . Lol ! My computer had a virus , and while I was getting my shit fixed , my schedule was WAAAAAAAYYYY too booked for me to be on here . Then again , i honestly don't give a shit about facebook . I'm only here because of the games and keep in touch with the folks I do care for AND underground hip hop artists . Lol ! I'm too grown to get wrapped in kiddie shit :P 
Goodbye , facebook . See you in three months . 
< PROPFIRST > is one guy who steals every < PROPFEMALE>'s girl . He's the reason why your girl acts shady or funny around you . If you're lucky , your girl may be honest and say that < PROPFIRST > has her right where he wants her . Fellaz , stand your ground when < PROPFIRST > is around 
All that good work gone to shambles . I cleaned my hard-wood floors only for my nephew to spill chili on them . . . . . . 
I almost can't wait to go to MCT . My stay in < PROPFEMALE > was boring :/ 
Rules to having a < PROPMALE > Team in the < PROPFEMALE > Corps . 1 ) Accountability . 2 ) Don't be a < PROPMALE > fucker ( get him/her killed ) . 3 ) Don't sleep on your stomach ( especially with your mouth open ) . 4 ) Never volunteer for anything unless it's easy 
Here in my MOS school . would you believe that I need condoms for my room inspections , otherwise I would fail ?! what's the point of having them if you aint gonna use ' em any time soon . it's safe to say that not only I don't want any of these hos here but I also have my eyes for someone already . . . .? 
Why is it that I'm surrounded by people and < PROPFEMALE > out a lot . . . . yet I still feel lonely . Once I left < PROPFEMALE > , a part of me was left behind . Once again , they don't understand . 
Sometimes you feel as if you don't belong , that you're that fifth wheel or that lone wolf in the crowd . Perhaps the reason behind it is that you're not the only one whose completely fucked , that you're the only one that has their shit in order . Nothing is wrong with you , don't let anyone tell you otherwise . How do I know this ? I'm in that same predicament . 
Wow . . . what a fuckin ' day . First someone relayed the wrong text so I showed up with the wrong uniform and made an ass of myself , then I forgot my badge and had to run my ass from back and forth . . . . now I failed the test . I'm taking a load off for an hour , getting back in and studyinh . . . . but I can't think right now . . . . 
Baatin ( 1974-2009)\ 
After listening to Black Milk's latest album , Album of the year , it depressed me that another member of Slum Village is gone . . . . the good really does die young doesn't it . . . ? 
Statistics show that over 50% of < PROPFEMALE > Corps suicides are relationship related , whether it's a break up , infedelity , or not being engaged in a relationship at all . Yeah , I think there's plenty of truth to this 
How many times do I have to fuck myself over until I get it right . . . . 
Great . Birthday is here . . . . and hating life 
Sadly . . . . I'll be in VA for a while . Maybe for Xmas/New Years , but I'm going back to VA . . . . sorry everyone . . . . 
Arrangements made . I'm coming home on the 17th of December . Question is , will there be anything worth returning to ? 
your profile pic to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To join \ 
the fight against child abuse . Let's not see a human face on Fb until \ 
Mon . Dec . 6 . Copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to \ 
do the same ! 
Seeing my classmates graduate is making me sad . . . . 
Feeling like death about now . Honestly , I really don't mind getting hit with a mortar round or a stray . My friend was wrong , death is NOTHING compared to how I feel now . . . . 
External wounds and internal wounds contrast in the inflictions . External wounds can be easily shrugged off , for they heal over time . They may hurrt at the scene . Internal wounds include heart wounds , stomach wounds , etc . ( to be cont . ) 
Those particular wounds don't heal as easily or they never heal . They hurt 10x more . When someone jabs you in the heart ( breaks your heart ) , your stomach empties out in its contents ( can't eat ) , you could be left eyes open ( no sleep ) , & you're with no soul 
They said going to GA and time would heal all wounds . . . . but I only got infected on my trip there . Coming back , fresh wounds are made . My body's screaming for an amputation 
They say in life , you have your ups and downs . I'm no exception , I had both . Right when you think you have everything mapped out and ready to execute your plan . . . . fickled fortune , weather drying autumn leaves or a blooming flower , lends a helping hand 
Ugh . . . I miss her so much . If only I can hold her , kiss her , and tell her that no girl can EVER fill in this whole in my heart that was left in I hopped on that plane back to hell . 
Got done fixing my attire . Gotta go through these next three months with my lifeline cut off . Is it possible to go through it . . . ? 
