Check out da new opb < PROPFEMALE > crew dancin on youtube da new takeover type in superstar blaze 

I can make you better tho u gone let him ruin you 
plays computer games all day , spend time with the misses , work and repeat . i need a hobby . 
Its only fair that I keep it real . I mean u kno its still there but Im not the type to ruin you 
Workin Hard 
Question : What components make up a man/woman ? How did every one become grown overnight 
Seems like everybody is sharing nowadays so if you cant beat them join'em 
Feelin good rite now got off da extra baggage now tryna find something to get into . 
Its 1200 in da morning all yall need to take yall a**es to sleep 
To finish the day off all I need is some coco butter , some wd40 , some handcuffs and some < PROPFEMALE > syrup 
Lakers so whack they own coach don't even wanna claim them . Kobe crying again . Lebron give that man some pointers on his jumpshot 
Maybe the Lakers should draft that dude < PROPFEMALE > Greiner from Baylor . He plays harder than Gasol 
No I aint no hustla , thug or gangsta . I got what ya want though . Ya might get mad that I dont spend no paper on ya , but the one thing I do bring to the table always keep them coming back 
Missing classes over dumb shit damn I fucked up 
Nah I aint cold blooded . Sometimes I just gotta do wats right for me . Can't make everyone happy . 
Question of the Day : Would You let someone piss on you for A million Dollars 
Cavs gotta stop breezing through the playoffs . Making the Lakers look bad . 
Damn I got a migrane !! Hard work pays off . Need an old white woman wit a lot of money to let me **** her to death and get the inheritance . 
Ha ha I can pull one just like the best of them . Who gets the last laugh . Unexpected is the key . 
Im so glad females being honest these days but if I aint hearing da rite shit den its still some bull . Fuck yo past oh hell no sounds like a set up . I aint even want you to breathe around me if you cant control ya self . Tricks gettin tricky . Oh well now im on to the next one . 
Ah bad day just found out < PROPFEMALE > girl ash got da iq of a raisin in the sun . Couldnt even pronounce the word opera . Attempted to sound it out and came up wit oprah . Yea it's sad < PROPFEMALE > u struggling to pronounce simple words . can't blame her though shes from lynchburg 
Always tryna shine but ya dull as a b**ch . If you was smart you would stay off the tip of my d**k 
