saw the sun for the first time in a week today 

Check out my new room , it's Rat-free !! 
is pleasantly surprised 
is tired 
thermostat doesn't work and heating is on full blast . Just checked room temperature and it's almost 95 degrees 
is contemplating pulling an all nighter 
my endoplasmic reticula are taking a beating 
is sick at an inopportune time 
Classes are ... over ? 
I need collimators in front of my eyes to prevent my attention from scattering 
4 finals in the span of 26 hours is exhausting . Off to bed . 
The last final is always the hardest one to study for 
is in hibernation 
it's Festivus for the rest-of-us . Commence the airing of grievances . 
Worst part of this semester : 15 hours of classes crammed into Mon , Tues , and Thurs . Best part of this semester : 75 minutes of classes in the remaining four days in the wee 
just saw a rabbit leap 3 feet in the air to avoid getting hit by a car 
is watching Olympic curling 
my cell phone survived a ride in the washing machine AND the dryer with but some superficial injuries 
misses playing racquetball 
I have observed that everything looks more delicious when wrapped up in aluminum foil . I wonder if this is Pavlovian response to take-out from Chipotle . 
is very excited about the 10-day forecast . 50 degrees and up starting tomorrow . 
The closer I get to completing an assignment , the more I feel like procrastinating what's left . 
Studying for QNF tomorrow . The first of a number of things to think about over the next month . 
loves playing tennis ! Gosh I missed this weather 
Won $40 in a math contest ! 
I am to write a 10 < PROPFEMALE > paper about a disease that affects the visual system . Risk factors include hypertension and ER stress , both of which can be caused by trying to write a 10 < PROPFEMALE > paper about a disease that affects the visual system . 
is happy with my finals schedule . Evenly spread out and done by next Wednesday . 
I finally defeated my QNF paper . 
bowled a new personal record of 142 today . Then I bowled a 180 the very next game ! Must be all that frustration pent up from over the last week . 
it's official , I'll be staying in Chicago for the summer 
is tired , sleepy , and DONE 
I dreamt that I got a B in electronics and that I fasted until I got that A . It must've worked because I got my A today and was hungrier than usual for lunch . 
Monaco GP , Federer vs . Nadal , and now Celtics vs . Magic . Today is a good day for me . 
IIT tuition for returning students in the next year : $ 30,223 \ 
IIT tuition for freshmen in the next year : $ 31,363 ( difference of $ 1,140 )\ 
Seems like the freshmen are the ones getting jipped on the iPad issue 
Eye test today :\ 
Doctor : \Can you read the last line ? \ " \ 
Back in Chicago 
Dying to play some tennis and/or racquetball . Any takers ? 
Feels sorry for anyone walking outside in Chicago right now 
I am going to name my first two children primary and secondary so that I can one day take out my frustration with the medical school application process on them 
If there is one thing I learnt while working in a research lab , it's that in any dispute between my computer and myself , my computer is always right and I'm always wrong . 
somehow mistook my stomach grumbling for my cell phone vibrating 
Moved into my new room by myself and my body is now paying the price 
That was a fun , productive , exhausting , tennis-playing , AC-lacking , med-school-applying , image-processing summer . Looking forward to the first week of classes . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! I had almost 8 hours of classes and 2 hours of homework and still managed to have a great day ! 
Had an awesome 21st birthday weekend ! 
in Westborough for the weekend 
kinda missed the \break\ " in fall break " 
Too much memorization involved for the design exam . Gotta start coming up with mnemonics that will help me remember these mnemonics 
Wait ... what ... no midterms ? This will be a ( relatively ) good week 
Looking forward to my first med school interview ! 
There were about 20 exam related word docs , ppts , excels , pdfs , browsers etc on my desktop . I took great pleasure in closing all of them , one by one . 
in Westboro for the break 
saw < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > at Natick Mall 
back in Chicago 
I snooze because i set my alarm early and I set my alarm earlier because I know I will snooze ... it's a vicious cycle 
is apparently too emotionally inhibited and should start acting more like a drama < PROPFEMALE > , haha 
Anil is awesome :) 
If anyone is facing the issue of leftover bonus points , I would be more than happy to help out :) 
Is looking to sell my 20 inch TV , mini-fridge , and printer for suuuper cheap . Let me know if you're interested 
Anyone want a TV for free ?! 
done ... now what ? 
Looking forward to more than 30hrs of travelling : driving to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow , flying to < PROPFEMALE > the day after 
Exhausted but also excited by almost 70 hrs of traveling and touring < PROPFEMALE > in the last five days 
Traveling around by myself in Delhi really reminded me how comically bad my Hindi has gotten 
Fun trip :) 
Butter chicken , naan bread , cheesecake , and wine . I had a nice and quiet birthday with family . Is this what adulthood feels like ? 
Has a new laptop that doesn't rely on fans or wet paper towels to not overheat and crash 
Saw a woman on the metra buy an extra ticket to justify occupying her adjacent seat for her handbag in a crowded train 
I think I am at a point in my life where most of the new people I meet kinda look like somebody I met before ... Pigeonhole principle in action 
