anyone have a party that needs crashing ? 

well its cold outside up here but way fun 
hey guys !!!! im curently staying with my grandparents ......... IN < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! the time zone thingy is different so i wont be on much ...... so yeah 
coming back thursday 
< PROPMALE > f-ing potter tonight , at f-ing midnight !!! everyone beter f-ing be there or be f-ing square !!! f-ing 
i think we should find narnia .... then kill that lion dude .... hehehe 
ok so who wants to bust out at midnight and tare some shit up ?! 
who wants to go out tonight , and go jump in the middle of a lake ?? anyone ??? 
...... my life is as boring as crap !!!!... he ... hehe .... lol i said crap !!! 
..... i hav a question thats bin buggin me ..... do u kno .... the muffin-man ?? 
well guys i think we need to end the summer with a bang !!! any ideas ?? 
if u wanna laugh and u apprecheat a full serving of profanity check out these songs ;) ' jizz in my pants ' by the lonly island , ' gay ' , ' taxi driver ' , and ' grandfather ' by < PROPFIRST > lynch 
you guys wanna peice of advice ...... kick some ass !!!! nd hav fun doin it !!! ;) 
well school started summers done but who gives a crap !!!! we can still make the year 09 kick ass !!! 
well school is .... AWSOME baby !!! i love this crap !!! 
The latest and newest diet plan that works ! Its in the news http://wowurl.com/144m 
almost there guys ... just a few more hours 
hey guys heres the deal .... i dont kno who wnts < PROPFEMALE > come over < PROPFEMALE > nite for a bon-fire soooo ... just call me nd i thnk u can come ... 218-443-0438 
bday .... nd its as borin as watchin paint dry 
well aint that just racist !!! 
well ik you guys hate school but it aint that bad 
so ... whts everyone ganna do for holloween ? p.s. < PROPFEMALE > , no streaking ! lol jk 
hey < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hodgden , < PROPFEMALE > in there we'er all hopin fur the best =) 
well < PROPFEMALE > nite ganna be another one of those nites ..... ;) 
... lol .... pigs are dirty little fellas !! 
ok well im ganna go out tonite try to see something !! 
is waiting for the fun to come ...... 
well ... i think if i stay in this house for 2 more minutes ill die ... or at least pass out 
pulllin an all niter just so i can get into brainard soooooo early for black friday biotchs !!! 
well moorhead ths weekend ... definetly ganna be fun ;) 
is it crazy if the fun i have is being knocked around in 20 degree weather ? 
..... i absolutly hate having to wake up early 
future home ... canada 
well first time i was ejected ... kinda retarded if u ask me 
last games of the year , in painsville minnesota ... 
seasons done ... and im pritty sure that summers is almost here 
Contests in wadena ... im ganna die 
i run off the ledge just to fall at ur feet , run a little farther get hit by a bus ... lay in the street , damit either kick me nd walk away or help my fat ass up !!! 
wht < PROPFEMALE > do wht < PROPFEMALE > do .... 
iv gatta do somethn ths weekend ... 
sleeeeeeeeppppp sounds sooooo gooooood 
rain .... =) 
when did the fun become stress , happy become bordom , and life become a pain in the .... yeah ......... 
schools almost done !!..... only problem , hudge test on tuesday ....... ooo joy 
..... 3 ....... f***ing days ....... XD BOO-YEAH !!!!! 
2 days left 
lol i love it when some idiot trys < PROPFEMALE > make a fake person and hits on ya , gettin kinda old tho 
dudewiththepurpleshirtsaywhaaaaaa ? 
iceland is great and all , but it f***in sucks when your stuck there for 2 days haha glad to be back home 
workin my moms bird feeder ,..... not really goin to well lol 
.... paint .... the number one killer of clothes 
......................... your face 
to find someone that makes us feel like nothing else in the world matters is what everyone is searching for , even if you dont think you are , there is someone looking for you 
hey dude i think thats a cop car ...... ( running ) .... wow stone your stupid 
is a LIFEGUARD , so im pritty much the man 
ill wait to love and maybe love to wait , but ill still wish to end up with you 
can defenitly wait for school ! 
its time to get my life back , its mine not yours bitches !! 
Border Patrol in Bemidji , workin hard ..... Officialy my hero 
Turn Greeeeen !!! 
why cant every day be this good 
Apples 
bitchy bitchy bitchy , lol grow a pair and stop whining !!! im getting a headach thanks to you ! 
howdy 
what else can i do when iv worn myself to the bone , when findings some freinds means finding a home , and now nothings left to give . O help me please i need help to live . finding myself all started with you . 
on the way to misourie !!! 12 hours of driving , whoopie ..... 
feels good to be home 
definetly not that thing your \cooking\ " in home < PROPMALE > ....... looks lik it just mov < PROPMALE > a little ..... " 
Its hard enough not being with you , but to see you hurt is like sliding a knife into my heart .... 
a little time in life can be the best part that will never leave you where ever you go . friends will come and friends will go but the memories you share stay with you 
tournoment in Evelyth , one game then back home for the weekend . should be fun 
Sucks being yourself ... nobody seems to notice you anymore .... 
hey guys , lost my phone in a blizzard , so i bought a new one lol just send a text , its the same number 
Iv had my share of ups and downs , but could someone help me out ... cause im startin to get sea sick 
