It is times like these that i wish we all had solar panels . 

well my son almost destroyed my ps3 , he shoved 4 dvds in the slot , its a good thing that i was able to take it apart and fix it . 
ok how do i stop my son from making a huge mess , throughing around my dvd , taking everything out of my wallet , or destroying my ps3 , i tried caging all of my stuff but he already figured out how to open it . 
A worm knows one thing with complete faith . Eat to live . Whether it's moldy dirt or rotten flesh , that worm digs and eats , eats and digs to fulfill its one truth . Eat to live . But I hold one now in my Undead fingers . It squirms , fighting to free itself . What is it thinking ? When I pop it in my mouth and chew its pink flesh , does it realize that you should NEVER place all your faith in one ideal ? \ - Gauldoth the Half " 
I have struggled to understand a Universe that allows the destruction of an entire planet . Which will win this endless conflict - destruction or creation ? The only thing I know for certain is never to place your faith entirely on one side . Play the middle if you want to survive . Everyone else is a fanatic . 
Why can't everyone see the inherent goodness in destruction ? Or the evil in creation ? A < PROPMALE > cannot live without the nutrients provided by the destructive force of a < PROPMALE > fire . And if I am wrong , then why is lifeblood of creation - water - the most destructive force on the planet ? 
So , what is the point if I am but an insignificant pawn of the Universe ? Knowledge ! To know the Universe is to transcend it . Destruction , creation , good , and evil ; the grand scheme of things they are just the masks we use to understand that which we cannot grasp . Well , here is my hand . Show me your secrets . I am not afraid 
In the scope of the Universe , we are but a single breath . To say we're insignificant is to give us too much credit . But when the Universe chooses you to be part of its plan , you'd better hold on and take what you can get because your ride will surely be over before you know it ! 
I have a lesson for you , Waerjak . See here , a pair of mating spiders , and a scorpion - equally poisonous creatures . Watch how the scorpion easily kills the male spider because he is so small . Now , the female , enraged by the loss of her mate , attacks the scorpion with everything she's got . You see , she kills the scorpion , but at what cost ? Her own life . Such blind hate is dangerous , and pointless ! 
ok im sorry just some interesting points of views that i enjoy . 
i so miss my world of warcraft : < 
Good bye cruel Nordstrom world . In 2 weeks I will be free . 
My son is 22 months old , today he wanted to be changed so he grabbed a diaper and changing pad unfolded the pad in front of me layed the diaper next to it and assumed the changing position . 
I know that I may loose alot of friends for speaking out . But I speak out because I love humanity . 
War is the ultimate failure , and those who blindly follow its lead are not heroes but the cowards that hide behind the facade of patriotism . favorite quote 
my sons birthday is next weekend . is chucky cheese to uhmm , cheesy ? or is there another place i should reserve ? 
anyone know a good contract lawyer , i cannot attend school anymore because itt tech put me on the wrong curriculum so when i came here i was kicked out because of it , they of course took my student loans , and government < PROPMALE > money and now i have to pay it all back . to be honest , i had a 4.0 gpa , and am way to smart to not be inventing something new . 
Thank you all for your birthday best wishes , now i can greet my 32nd year with a smile . 
I just saw the KICK-ASS prescreening , and it was awesome , just a few parts that were better in the comic book , but other than that it is a must see this april , a 10 year old hero , that slices up bad guys , blows their brains out and a mouth that spews out curse words I hardly ever use , oh and did i mention , nerds , lots and lots of nerds ? ok just 3 but you'll want to see it ! 
I realize that i am not a very good facebook friend , since i only come to check facebook every week or so , but damn if this wow isnt taking up all of my time . Well , ok , bye now . 
my 2 year old son , is trying to escape , while we are still asleep he will either unlock the front door , or open the window and push out the screen and jump out the window , push the little gate away , and start running , oh how do i keep this boy from trying to see the world ? 
i got my 1000 yugioh cards in the mail today , i am totally trickin my geekiness out today . 
you know the ironic thing about this post is that when people just see your post , they would think that you dont know the definition of irony . hahah 
my son got his first hair cut the other day , no crying or even a whimper , he just sat there and moved his head as he was told . 
My wife and son have gone back to singapore today , the sadness maybe unbearable , but my rage might get the better of me , so dont tick me off . you wouldnt want to see that . 
I just got the new iPod 4g . I love this thing . Greatest invention since the the moped scooter which I hope to buy this weekend . 
Well , happy thanksgiving people . Though i'm thankful daily , lets make this R&P day special . I am thankful that I finished putting up my stores christmas decorations and I can actually take today off , even though i really want to go in today to make sure the store is perfect for tomorrow . 
I have just gone out and bought a new assembly for the toilet and fixed it myself , instructions , they aren't just for show . First time doing it and got it right , thank you years of navy engineering training . Oh and I see your status Basina , see if you are paying attention , lol . 
There needs to be an actual inventor's degree . One specifically designed to train the mind to combine ideas , with training in eng , mech , elect , psych , physics , chem , etc . Not going in depth with each field , just giving the brain enough information in each to build on . Time to evolve people . 
Thank you all , this is the yeAr where it all happens . Even if some of you think I'm a old fart , I don't look a day over ......... 35 lol 
Have things changed since last month ? I just ordered a pizza from dominoes , the driver comes to my apartment and refuses to deliver the pizza , said that i had to come out to get it from him . I mean was parked just five feet away , but i'm in T-shirt and shorts and he should be fully dressed . Last time i checked pizza deliver was to the door , i mean he is not the ice cream truck guy . Am i wrong here ? 
ok , so my scooter just slid from under me on the feeder when i hit a patch of icy mud , the movies don't lie , i actually did roll several times from the impact , but i regained my composer before the cars came , picked up my scooter and got to safety quickly , man that was embarrassing . lost a decent sized patch of skin from my knee though . 
Darn you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , your yaoi-ness has infected all of my anime , just watched Vampire knight , man where does it all end ? 
Ok so just saw black swan it was pretty good , great ballet and at parts scary , for you guys , there is a lesbian scene with a couple of your favorite actresses . 
Ok , alien vs ninja was AWESOME !! female ninja vs alien in cave , at least the last time i did that with a girl it didn't finish with the anal probe , or did it ? ; > .......... not me you know like her wise right , i mean you know ..... ok 
