Want to ask , but afraid of the concequenses 

Looks like Imma be alone for New Years . Guess Ill just talk to < PROPFIRST > then 
feel a bit better thanks < PROPFIRST > . ill just make myself better and keep loving you 
awake and managing . staying strong and focusing on a different source of the pain 
Im having so much fun ripping this stupid thing apart . i havent smiled like this in a long time 
If im so happy then why am i having a hard time smiling ? 
Why does my body feel like this ? My soul feels heavy , almost as if it is trying to take on physical form . Is this what it feels like to truly and completely accept one's self as a multifaceted multidimensional complex human ? 
I feel so lazy . Ive been dozing in and out in bed with my laptop XD 
Grandpa passed yesterday . Our long road with him has come to an end . His has ended and that comforts us . With Love to Grandpa < PROPMALE > 
On the way home from Attica I saw a bunch of leaves out of my perifrial vision and immediately reached for my side . In all honestly I was thinking \Fuck ! Byakuya ! \"" 
i totally go shit on at work last night . thank you god it was at 6:20 
Saw Megamind ! It was amazing ! I think the best part was they didnt use a bunch of cheap tactics because it was 3d . It was almost like watching a play . Definately close to a ten . 
actualy had a good night at work . yeah i know pretty big paradox 
So excited tobe off tonight i cant wait to < PROPFEMALE > out with the guys 
at the hookah lounge with the pack ... well most of it :( but also :D and X.X 
Now has straight hair 
wrawr i wanna sleep with my mate 
looooooooooooooooooooong day 
is extremely worried about < PROPMALE > .... 
Thank you Jesus he is alive !!!!!!!!!!! 
just made stovetop biscuits .... but i dint have enough flour so the dough was all sticky and they turned out weird . still yummy though 
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawn been nappins all day 
day just started and im already lonely ... 
bwraaaaaaaah 
... 
Wraaaaaaaaawr digthrough da snow for work then count down more till my birthday , almost a full day with the love of my life ! 
safe , shooken up and getting -100% comfort from my family . yay . 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > you both need to sit down with me and have a nice long talk . 
wrawr 
I need a plot for a video game . Okay everyone : Lets collaborate ! 
??????????????????????????? 
I just got a letter about my accident from a lawyer . XD its been three days 
ugh just make all the crap stop please 
Vir sapit qui pauca loquitur . 
Waiting for my ride to WICKED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
fucking phone wont do a goddamn thing i want it to and then shes bitching cause apparently she knows more about phones then i do . A PHONE CANT WORK WITHOUT THE BATTERY INSIDE !!! EVEN IF ITS PLUGGED IN !!! but oh no im the stupid one here im the one that doesnt know what im talking about 
apparently pretending to be happy , cutting , smothering , forsaking anything and everything i want or < PROPFEMALE > and being in unspeakable pain is who I am supposed to be . If I wasnt gay I would be that person again and thats what God wants me to be . BULL FUCKING SHIT ESPECIALLY AFTER YOU JUST TOLD ME YOU WANT TO SMOKE AND SLEEP AROUND BECAUSE UPHOLDING GOD'S MORALS IS TOO HARD AND YOU HATE IT 
Yay < PROPFEMALE > brought me a great night at work !!!!!!!!!!!! 
well that dream died hard and fast 
wishin i could spend the day with my man 
Time ticks forever but a heart of love is made of < PROPFEMALE > stronger than Hell 
My < PROPFEMALE > for power has never been greater . Merely to feel that I am doing something beyond what I can ? To play hero ? Or is it more simple . Just the plain knowledge that I have power . 
Is everyone in my life mad at me ? No one will reply to me on anything 
* sighs * i need to cry now i dont know why just do\\nKeep Holdin ' On 
Mutation . It is the key to our evolution . It is how we have evolved from a single-cell organism into the dominant species on the planet . This process is slow , normally taking thousands and thousands of years . But every few hundred millennia evolution leaps forward . 
im sorry .... i was just trying ..... and now all of this ..... 
I shouldnt be listening to this but I cant stop 
I just fell completely and totally in love again . Bittersweet 
Lassen Sie ihn wählen Sie mich . Bitte Gott , lass ihn mich erwählt 
So begins my trial . These days shall test me in ways I cannot begin to fathom . The fight will be long and grueling . My strength may fail me . I will , however , fight until the day I die . I will not surrender . My hope will shatter everything that blocks me from my path . I will prevail . I will succeed . I will win over all others . I will Love . 
Spencers school had a shootout . Hes okay and no students were hurt . praying for the mental health of the students and faculty and the health of the principle and assistant principle 
hopefully hangin with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > in a bit :D 
okay scratch that maybe just < PROPMALE > 
Im so excited I finally get to see < PROPMALE > 
Had a great night with < PROPMALE > and worked through a bunch of stuff . Wish I had a car so we could < PROPFEMALE > out more often 
stuck in a nightmarish realm of semi conscienceness 
ugh my phone is fried . it stays on till it starts moving 
so not looking forward to being single this year valentines day .... again ..... 
ugh tired as hell from work ... hopefully hanging with < PROPMALE > later and gettin a new phone 
was hoping to go out and < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > but looks like thats not gonna happen 
i actually want < PROPMALE > to get called off work ? oh wait he has moneys so its okay :D 
Learning to crochet !!!!!! \\nKeep Holdin ' On 
I wish people would realize that to me the smallest promises are the most important 
Can it be true ? Has hope actually paid off ? 
Hopin < PROPMALE > gets his car ! and im starting my first project XD 
had a great night with < PROPMALE > woooot 
ugh couldnt sleep yay me .... 
Yaaaaaaay new pnone is workiiiiiiiiing 
Working on a lot , trying to get what ive messed up back on track . I also really hope that I succeed in trying to get the one person that means everything and more to me to fall in love with me * dreamy sigh * 
feels so special right now and is on an amazing high of happiness 
Thinking about the most amazing man in the world ... * smiles and drifts into sleep * 
OMG CONGRATS LYNNEA ON THE FACEBOOK SONG I KNEW YOU'D GO FAR 
I wanna go to the hookah lounge tonight but i dont really have a way to get there .... I really wanna < PROPFEMALE > with a friend ... god knows i need it right now ... but i have no way to see anyone ... 
i feel trapped and alone .... 
another night all alon in my room .... yaaaay ....... 
why is my heart deteriorating like this .... what have i done to cause myself this pain ... this suffering ...... I have been strong .... I have healed .... why must I feel like I am going backwards ..... why must i feel ..... alone ..... 
i just want to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone is that so wrong 
anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > just text .... please ? 
at rosewood wth gamma my fingers no workie omg its six in da mornin 
wooooooooooow did we really just do that < PROPFIRST > Kenworthy ? 
I have not slept since I woke up for work yesterday .... oh dear ... 
i still cant sleep * cries * 
Still cant really sleep again 
I wanna go to dennys anyone with a car game :D 
At dennys with the most awesome guy in the world 
Just got back from dennys it was awesome just like i expected :D 
I just picked up three extra shifts for this next schedule . By the end Ill make just over a grand before taxes WOOHOOO 
i feel extremely ignored by everyone I know .... why ? no clue 
I had a crazy ass night and i figured what the hell ill try this to cheer me up\ 
IN-BOX ONLY : tell me something you have always wanted to tell me . And I'll keep it between us . Put this as your status and see what you get :] 
after 30% taxes ill make $1200 this schedule 
* sighs * i didnt think about this before .... 
Working on a project woohoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
just got off text me before i sleeps 
off to work again 
Workin a 3-11 midnight double tonight . woohoo 
just had to reactivate my phone cause apparently when i got my new phone i was supposed to recheck ' auto refill ' and i didnt ... woops ... 
needs some serious prayer for my family . now . 
so ..... shity ...... sjo ..... painful ..... 
just got off work .... even my toes are stiff .... 
103.0 ........ fuck ............... 
Is this real ? Am I understanding ? What is this feeling that consumes yet voids ? Is the truth of love truly this powerful to instantly change my this way ? 
I am in love . No one will ever change that . 
Woohoo Im working on a medley arrangement Ive wanted to do for yeeeeaaars !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Feeling better .... sorta .... I think im so happy that my body is in overdrive fighting this thing off 
I sooooooooooooo sound like a neck breather right now 
* cries * i had to call off work 
waitin for the doc still feel like shiiiiiiiiiiiit 
zpat and cough meds blech 
i feel icky in places taht i didnt know existed ... at least i have my mind clear again 
SUPER < PROPFIRST > 64 WOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
Teacing < PROPFEMALE > chess XD 
you act like you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out today then you ignore me all day . its killing me 
oh omaha westside technicolor showchoir you never fail to cheer me up 
stayin at waters until i have to work again tonight . Everyone i care aout better stay safe . Night yall 
as of seven oclock tomorrow morning i will have been here for three days solid 
IM HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOME 
SAVE MEEEEEEEEEE 
Just got back from an awesome night with < PROPMALE > got some new earrings and had fun signing shit randomly :D 
soooooooooooooooooo who wants to talk 
Vip at hooooookah loungeeeeeeeee 
Just got back from the hookah lounge yay had an amazing time with an amazing guy 
YOU ARE SUCH A FUCKING DISRESPECTFUL LITTLE INGRATE !!! HOW DARE YOU COME INTO SOMEONES HOME LITERALLY SCREAMING !?!?! BEING LOUD IS ONE THING BUT YOU WERE LEGITIMATELLY SCREAMING YOUR FUCKING LITTLE DUMBASS HEAD OFF !!!!! ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU KNOW THAT SOMEONE IS THERE AND ASLEEP BECAUSE THEY WORK FUCKING MIDNIGHTS AND WORKS EVERY FUCKING SUNDAY NIGHT !!!!!! 
Working on a movie script 
Everyone read my note and tell me what you think 
YAY I WON THE SUPER BOWL 
fuck it all dammit 
woot on < PROPFEMALE > six woohoooo 
i feel so left out ............ 
OMG GO ICHIGO 
i feel like i have no friends whatsoever ............ 
Tried too hard and fucked up bigtime ..... 
The price is wrong , Bitch ! 
Open my fucking mail and you expect me to respect you ? that is not a giving . Respect is EARNED . So fuck you gramgram , no I dont respect you . I didnt think it was possible but i respect you less than i did before 
So gramgram read my post and got pissed off . It wasnt directed to just her stupid , so she is refusing to do my hair . Whatever Ill do it myself in the morning as close to when she wakes up as i can so she has to smell it as long as possible 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > tonight ? i wanna actually have fun and I cant do it here 
why are people treating me like shit all of a sudden ? what did i do that everyone thinks its suddenly okay to walk all over me 
dammit my voice still isnt back i wanted to record shit and put it on youtube * cries * 
Just got my hair done 
Im explaining Entiar to someone XD I forgot how complicated it is lolz 
Gonna try to record a duet with myself , hopefully my voice cooperates 
??????? 
JUST GOT OVER $1000 
i just wanna be your fucking friend dammit 
ugh i feel restless and unwanted 
* deep breath * Everything will because everything is . Fear tests hopes answers . Cry through the pain and fight through the sorrow . Happiness just might be on the other side 
As of right now I am completely unavailabe . I will not respond to texts , calls or anything on facebook . I will post again when I am once agan availabe . 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > . Your death bed has showed me many things . I love you my friend . I will mourn you when you leave us . I am filled with newfound wisdom andI ghank you . 
< PROPFIRST > , I need you to come hid me away from people 
Just waitin 
just bought a webcam and camera wooot 
Walked to Fuji with < PROPFIRST > , then went to < PROPMALE > World and got a webcam and a $600 camera then walked to the hookah lounge and < PROPMALE > stopped by . Still hangin at the lounge with Gamma but STARVING 
I got exactly what I wanted out of that camera now can anyone take me up to < PROPMALE > world to return it ? 
so imma use my camera as much as i can before i have to return it 
omg bleach was FUCKING AMAZING 
$1300 woooooooooooot 
I've been in darker places than most of you could ever fathom and yet people completely disregard everything I say . Why ? I have been in , and more importantly , gotten out so one would think that my wisdom would be gold in the eyes of those I reach out to . Oh well what do I know I'm just some dumb ass . 
Okay everyone crash course on me : Ive been raped and molested my whole life . I still have < PROPMALE > issues when people , especially guys , compliment me constantly . I freak out when you touch me . I cant handle being cornered . If you want me to do something do the above to break down my mental barriers . You just read an instruction < PROPMALE > to fucking < PROPMALE > over 
you all wanna know why i stopped taking my meds then fine they stoppd working dammit they dont help anymore theres no point when i < PROPFEMALE > to fght harder on them than i do off then 
Okay , everyone let it go . We all know enough of what happened to know that no one is hurt . Leave it at that . All this bullshit ' s<PROPMALE>' talk or whatever you want to call it needs to end now . All that does is stir up drama . \Imma kick his ass\ " \ " Shes a bitch\ " All that fucking shit is making me sick . GROW THE FUCK UP " 
Why dont you want professional mental help ? \ 
because it means itll make me stand on my own two feet 
Ogenki desu . 
tired , might take a nap .... probs will ... text 
thiiiiiiiinking about recording something and putting it on youtube thoughts anyone ? 
MY CAR IS FIXED 
I have the undeniable need to use Fenix . anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > ? 
hookah time !!! 
So heres a list of possible covers Ill do . I want everyone to vote :\ 
Poor Unfortunate Souls\ 
< PROPFEMALE > la < PROPFEMALE > ( six parts)\ 
No Surprise\ 
Listen to Your Heart\ 
Seasons of Love ( Eight part I think ...? )\ 
Hes My Son\ 
Love Story\ 
How to Save a Life\ 
Little Wonders\ 
Or any Wicked Song 
so i dont think imma upload anything cause no one cares enough to tell me what they wanna see ... 
Little Wonders it is ! 
theres a difference between a bit and later . i wish people would start keeping their promises to me .... * curls in a corner and cries * 
Does anyone know how to photoshop wings onto someone ? 
... ive never wanted to kiss him as badly ...... Its never hurt so much to not ..... yet its never meant so much to deny myself ..... 
So stressed that i screwed up three times today . So this begins day 1 again 
Fine ill just buy the fucking game 
something has changed with in me , give me this moment , something is not the same , this precious < PROPMALE > 
fucking programs lying their asses off . IF IT WONT PLAY ON THE INTERNET DONT TELL ME THAT YOU SAVED IT IN INTERNET FORMAT 
got a looooooooooong day ahead . pickin some stuff up at the mall then appling at apartments yaaaaaay text if you wanna come wiith 
lolz great night with mah peeps 
Yay my first singin vid is up WOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOO 
blech/ .......... 
Cant sleep . I tried .... I tried my best ....... I just cant sleep ......... 
So much I could record but idk what ! 
Sorry everyone it would be up but i chose high render instead . Maybe the volume problem is fixed ? 
fucking program was ' uploading ' for an hour and a half to tell me it failed ... 
fine ill use this one 
GOt my appartment !!!!!!!!!! 
My gma is makin fun of < PROPFIRST > Scheen and she seriously said \Total bitchin ' rock < PROPFEMALE > from Mars\ " XD XD XD XD XD XD " 
??????????????? \ 
??????????????????????? \ 
???????? 
Writing a duet for < PROPFEMALE > and myself wooooooooot 
lolz ... just ... just lolz 
I had a lot more fun than you think . Just because it took every fiber of my being to control my heart doesn't mean I wasn't happier than I have been since last year 
Just saw a bunch of posts that remind me of < PROPFIRST > . 
25th needs to hurry the fuck up 
Yays < PROPFEMALE > is hacking u cuz i luvs u < PROPMALE > <3 
if its a test let m finish now or ill fail . if its not save me from the hell . my skin is cold and my soul is dark . where is the one who saved me ? 
so i got called off cause i have too much overtime to just pick up two hours . well shit 
my head hurts so so so bad .... fuckin sleep headache 
Waitin to get my pics done at the church i get my own wooooooot 
This time i have a right to be made . Last night you said we would now you say you already have plans . it kills me when you do this . why ? why do you do this to me ? 
Why ..... why is this ..... no ..... I do not care why .... but I do ..... Dammit ! Why is my emotional side so much more than everyone else ? Why do I have to be cursed with feeling so much , so intensely at the same time ? Why can't I just be normal ? 
i ........ love ........... but this was friendship not love ............. im not the bad one here .............. am i ..............? 
You seem to have made your choice ... 
* sighs * Dash you just cannot see . What is it that is blocking you from the truth ? I am not like everyone before . I am someone all my own . Someone special and unique . My feelings are pure . Ask anyone . I sense what others cannot . Believe what I say . You know better than anyone that I cannot lie to you . 
Yay fucked up again 
Wow . Just wow . 
ugh ..... Gparents know Im smoking . On the best side though only three months left 
Goin with < PROPFEMALE > as a Protector . Rune if you have ever taken over now is the time 
i WILL NOT be known as merely an EX you dirty little ass fuck bitch 
just got home from hangin with < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ( spelling ...? ) Had a blast watchin < PROPFEMALE > bitch the fuck out of the manager :D 
goddamit fucking bullshit 
\You jumped on it like a drag < PROPFEMALE > on a cheap pair of nylons \"" 
Why does every one feel the need to play with my head ? 
jesus fuck my leg still hurts 
bwrawr 
i love you . I love you best friend , protector , defender , partner in crime . You give me arms to cry into , a place to hide and a smile to wear . I love you in more ways than i can bear . I love ypu my One and Only 
cant work till friday ...... 
pain ........ 
back to work tomorrow ? please dont make me 
At the hospital just got a blood patch . In an observation room . God my back kills 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for making my visit so amazing . 
back feels a little better but imma ask the nurse if im cleared to take a shower , i think thats why im itchy . I feel so nasty 
Had to settle for a bed bath , my back hurts like hell now but im clean . 
* sighs * 
i need another blood patch .... make the pain go away ......... 
why is it the times i truly need you , you arent there ? i fake i can handle when we all know i cant .... i need you now moreso than in a long time but why should i get even the simplest of needs met ......... 
My body is a bigger bitch than < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > on her period . 
am i forgotten again ? 
Sorry about the angry and depressed statuses , especially that last one . I am just so frustrated and embarrassed and weak . I have to call someone in to empty my urinal because I am not allowed out of bed . 
I aaaaaaaaate foooooooooooooooooood 
....... ow ............ 
I AM SO FUCKING SICK OF PISSING 
Wow didnt know I meant that little . Apparently drama is more important than I am 
I love you . Just five minutes with you and its like the world is right again . You make me so happy and I have fun with you no matter what we talk about or what we do or how long . Thank you for everything . I love you 
that was rather embarrassing < PROPMALE > Larson I dislike you at the moment 
Damn you hospital ....... * cries * 
Home today ? Sounded like it 
Omg .... IM HOME 
I give up . I just give up . I try and try and try and try but when I finally voice my real feelings it is suddenly decided we just won't talk about that anymore . Whatever ... 
fucking pain medicine and goddamn headache . what the fuck are you making me think !?! i want my head back now dammit 
Strong .... Strong ..... I need ...... Music ..... * sighs * I know everyone hates it , but it has given me so much strength . 
if you could just understand if you only knew what id give to lay here beside you im sick of pretending these pillows are your arms . I want your heart and nothing more . Ill do everything to win you back just dont give up . You swore you would do anything to make this work so start keeping your word and see in your heart that we are in love 
What kind of demonic curse have I fallen under ? Not even my own Best Friend understands me . 
Anyone know a good lawyer ? 
How does everyone like the new pic ? 
* cries * 
Dammit why can't I feel a name this time ? First time this has ever happened .... Maybe while I'm packing today :D Ill figure it out 
Damn I could use Lightning right about now . I'd be done packing ...... now . Actually the second period but you wouldn't register what happened until the ' now ' :D 
Unicorns and glitter !!! 
So today has been a mountain climb . Started with me blacking out for the first time in nine months ( accurate ? ) packed then got my bed and my chair and then < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and then < PROPMALE > Larson for a few . Now watching Failure to Launch for the first time from about halfway through with my grandparents . Wow only me 
And so it begins 
Amost completely and totally moved in . Just waiting for a few furniture pieces tomorrow and then ill be done for now . I love my place ! 
so excited < PROPMALE > got his present and loved it wooooooooooot maybe a nap before work ? 
First night without company so wat do i do ? Musicals popcorn and monster . Oh yeah 
Ugh another night of no sleep . Guh stupid stupid stupid . Definately sleeping the shit away when i get home . After housework that is 
Hey yall im having a sorta house prty like thing tomorrow . Just text me or inbox me if you wanna come and ill give you my adress . 
meh ..... i fucking hate going back on my meds .... this is so damn emotionally painful to deal with the increased symptoms . 
doreans comin over then i gotta go do laundry . Gonna be a good day . Bills are paid and im off . Ill text and post when i get back then yall can just show up 
Ah the power of real and true happiness how i love you 
So excited gonna saveup to get my tattoos and a weight bench and ab cruncher :D :D :D 
hangin with < PROPFEMALE > yay 
< PROPMALE > + @ < PROPFEMALE > evetts + musicals = doom 
damn you fucking control 
And the knife is twisted even deeper 
so may emotions andthoughts for one mind . Lookin forward to a good day but damn i need stronger meds 
This gives a whole new meaning to crackin open a cold one . Love you < PROPFEMALE > XP 
I feels fuuuuuuuuunny 
Wow i must be the luckiest guy in the world to have all that i do . Had a great night and now im just curled up warm in bed 
I just licked mah own nipple 
Goin to around the clock with < PROPFEMALE > , my friend with ' benifits ' lolz , then shes comin over to do my hair . Then helpin at church and dennys . Its gonna be a good day 
nothing could ruin this day for me save maybe a plane . Itd better be a big fuckin plane ad be landing nose first in jacobs face lolz 
Sittin in the sun while my laundrys goin . Shoulda worn shorts but whatever 
beautiful night out and a nicd quiet evening alone with my thoughts enjoying the mundain things of life 
so i passed out before the storm started an didnt wake up once . Anyone wanna fill m in on what i missed ? 
is beginningmy independant study of nursing to get a head start on my classes . Not tha i have ay classes to prep for but soon i hope to enrole for an rn program 
Nervous yet excited . Happy but scared . My mind is foggy and my thoughts are clear . 
gurh in such a weird mood . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the couches and chairs . Feeling insanely strong emotionally and i love it 
Lolz an all nighter wth gamma turned into a snoozefest at three XP 
woot hangin with jeeeeeen tonyght !!!! And today and into tomorrow loooolz then family getshere sunay yehaw 
Im starting to take offense . Why the hell wont you talk to me ? 
Yay lightning 
This bullshit with her is about to makeme go over her head . Way over it . 
wow that hurt . Maybe because i never ot to do it or maybe cause im having < PROPMALE > issues with my mood 
* sighs * ugh dammit tired and icky and whatever 
What have i done 
eatin with family once food is done and then hangin with will later 
meetin will and textin < PROPMALE > . Thisll be a fun night 
woot cooooooooffeeeeeeeeeeeeees 
hhreredhrehee pwetrtu cooklersws 
engage thy enemy not with prowess or wit or skill but with determination from thy hearts indignation that strives for thine own yearning\ 
- Maties Alterio 
in great pain comes great solace . In great solace comes great wisdom . In great wisdom comes great duty . In great duty comes great pain . In this circle comes life . In life comes joy . 
