at my dads chilln lovn da visit 

god bless granny < PROPFEMALE > 
yeah but on dah real im bored as hell . 
niggas d's days trip me out 
d's nigga b trippn you'll < PROPFEMALE > find me doin dat 
u know what ? forget dating im done im just gonna do me n who < PROPFEMALE > wants to be friends THEN that fine ( if JW DOESNT STEP IT UP)LOL LMAO LLS 
im so ready to go do something 
Copy\ 
this to your status and see what people rate you ... ( 1)ghetto \ 
( 2)wish we went out ( 3)talkative ( 4)sarcastic(5)loveable ( 6)crazy \ 
( 7)i want you ( 8)spoiled ( 9)great person(10i wanna txt ( 11)funny \ 
( 12)beautiful ( 13)mature ( 14)wish we had sex(15)id take u home to \ 
...... mom ( 16)wish i had your # ...... ( 17)wierd(18)honest ( 19)freak ( 20)sexy 
i wish i the power of influence man i would be good for lyfe ya digg . $love ya jw$ 
ya'll besta believe imma get mine so stop trippn over me and get yours . ( grown woman statis b@#$%&*) 
for all the girlies tryin to take my spot i got three words for ya .. i think not .. 
im bored and want some baits # 
man im bored i need some fun ( keep ya minds out da gutta ) $ ! K3 
YOU KNOW WHAT FUCK D'S FAKE ASS BITCHES SAYIN DAY UR BFF FO LIFE AND AS SOOOON AS THEY GET A MAN DEY SAY \FUCK U SIANARA GURL I DONT GOT TIME FOR U ANYMO I GOT A NIGGA NOW AT LEAST I GOT SOME ONE . well guess what if u like dat DEN GET THE FUCK OFF OF MY MOTHERFUCKIN < PROPFEMALE > AND DONT TALK TO ME < PROPFEMALE > YA'LL FAKE ASS MISERABLE GOOD FOR NUTIN SKEEZERS ...... if u kno it doesn't apply to you then it dont apply to you . " 
i got dem snappaz and dem clappas so whats da deal > lls 
i try to be nice to everybody friends and fuckin enemys so if you mad get out of my face fall back niggarow 
im home now i WAS at my big sister's chillin and stuff its good to reconnect with my fam after being trapped in jail aka my grandmas house lol 
MIND UR BUSINESS PEOPLE I CANT HAVE NO PRIVICY FROM OTHER FAMILY MEMBERS BECAUSE OF U NOW BUG OFF !!!!!! LOL U KNOW IF UR INCLUDED OR NOT IF U DONT ASK . 
my grandma is really gettin on my nerves once i grad hs im out n i dont give a care bout nothin NE more . just me myself n i.im tired of it all . man i cant wait to go to collge n be one my own i need to grow up and stop hangin on to her like a crutch and go out in the real world . i cant go to hcc and stay at home wit her.im going to a university in a dorm n get on my grown woman status ya digg . 
i love meek mill 
man yo gurl love ha some meek mill 
thanks everyone i love ya for dat 
: .... ) thank you everyone omg i feel loved 
im no more good ugh i have never been this hyped b4 homecoming or mall i cant pick 
man homecoming was ok it was too steamin in there and people need to learn how to put deoderant on lls 
i've got my eye on you you know who u r 
yo im just curious what would u rate me ? 
i guess light skinned boys are definitly coming back in style lol 
why all of my freinds turnin up pregant man dis is crazy 
bored as hell waiting for my best budd to meet me down da street 
before u start gathering all the fun in life ask yourself do u really deserve anything you get . have you been a terrible person and done terrible things 
fff 
just wondering what would u rate me now 1-10 
bored as hell nothin to do o well i guess ill go to the gym 
I HATE PEOPLE THEY ALWAYS GETTIN IN MY WAY I CANT DO ANYTHING WITHOUT SOMEONE BLOCKIN ME 
why u messing wit me man ur jokes aint even funny ya'll no how i feel bout u no who imma get you back watch imma get your asses back u aint getting away wit this 
niggas are so wishy washy they keep playn these stupid games well i dont have time for it 
just got home and I'm astonished because it seems that a larged majority of the male sex is petty and grimmy as shit and that doesn't make any sense get your shit together Negroes stop actin so fucked up 
aww now i want a turtle as a pet they r so cute 
just tired of peoples bs and they can kiss me where the sun don't shine and what lol 
about these boys sayin they in this gang n shit ya'll fake as hell if u rep 16 other gangs along with the one u n ur boys made 
DRAMA DRAMA DRAMA 
i whip my hair back and forth 
damn i cant win for losing . i did the most stupidest mistake of my life and now im paying for it . why cant i just shut up and be happy . well i guess ill hace to learn it , move on and prey that i didnt lose too much . and the last thing i need is that or losing something important over stupidity . 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I\ 
know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my \ 
friends will be some of the 3% and put this as their status , at least \ 
for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still \ 
fighting it . ? 
sitting at home playing the guitar and worrying about if i lost a good friend or not 
look out world im back 
chillen at the library with my friend 
again drama drama come on people get over it . stop crying and let shit go 
in her 40s and still lookin good happy birthday mommy i love you 
i miss my baby im away from him too long 
ds boyz claim they gettin money i aint seen non yet lol 
happy thanksgiving everyone 
Rip mommy we will miss u I love u always n forever . ' 
As for yall niggas snoopin around in peoples business and slandering and gosiping about people remember this god dont like ugly talkin bout u christian and stuff but at the same time being a hipocrit if U dont look at urself in the mirror and repent u going to hell and u call urself family ha 
ive never been so mad in my life i kno i aint sosposed to say this but ........ I HATE PEOPLE 
fuck yall niggas and as for yall bitches keep ya name out of your mutha fuckin mouth got it 
