left her cell phone at the dentists and is too sik to party tonight : ( waaaaaa !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

the \law\ " is just a matter of opinion ... " 
is drowning and hopes that one week from today when she walks into CHOP they'll throw her a life raft and it will be the last day she has to gasp for breath ... 
Anything I’ve ever done that ultimately was worthwhile initially scared me to death . - < PROPFEMALE > Bender 
is having a going away party sometime this weekend ... whos interested ? 
is totally short circuiting ... 
the only thing i hate more than stupid people is stupid doctors ... 
is TERRIFIED beyond belief : ( omg omg omg 
IS IN PITTSBURGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
saw dr lowe and tomorro ill b admitted to CHOP for evaluation and a PICC line !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG OMG OMG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has a picc in , has been started on TPN , and is prepping for an endoscopy and colonoscopy tomorrow ! but she misses her oregon buddies quite a bit : ( 
what has two thumbs and hates painful hospital crap ?? 
scopes sowed ulcers , erosion , bruising , and bleeds ... in your face doernbecher ! 
damn colonoscopy preparation !!!!!!!!!!! 
having a fun filled summer in the hospital hooked up to more meds than < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . FML . 
the \law\ " is just someones opinion .... \ " you can't handle the truth !!!! \"" 
burn in hell antibiotics/antifunguls !!!!!! 
is back in the hospital and wishes it was run lik it is in scrubs .... 
fml fml fml fml fml fml fml fml ....... 
may need an IV placed in her neck . fml . 
has an IV in her neck for at least 48 hours until the infection clears and they can replace her picc line and change out her feeding tube . just bitchin ' . 
is outta ICU . phew . 
mmm ... homeade pizza ... 
remember remember the 5th of november !!! 
is outta the hospital and has a bitchin new feeding tube 
has agreed to wear a dress to the tomato festival ... what am i getting myself into ??!! 
wants to go to maui and see < PROPFIRST > nelsons free concert ... 
wishes she had a pet pig named steve-o ... 
STEELERS GAME !!!!!! 
still wishes she had a pet pig named steve-o ... 
is sad to learn another gp patient passed away . RIP telitha mcadams . 
is really getting sick of dealing with issues that would normally be waaay beyond the maturity level of a 17 year old ... 
\The < PROPFEMALE > don't know what they want and are prepared to fight to the death to get it . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Littlewood " 
so this is what hell looks like ... 
is being sent to another fucking eating disorder unit when she doesn't have one . i dunno if ill hav internet there , so if u wanna say anything to me , say it now . ill miss u guys : ( saad panda ... 
is in a lonely hell ... 
feels so scared she can't even function ... 
is hangin ' by a thread and countin on a miracle .... 
take my hand and we'll make it i swear whoa ohh livin on a prayer ... 
feels awfully icky : ( ...... 
anybody else lose fb for a few hours earlier today or am I just special ? 
is smack dab in the middle of the dreaded G-20 ! 
sick turtle : ( 
is being transferred to CHOP due to probably intestinal ileus . wish me luck ! : ( 
needs an ng tube : ( : ( 
reeeeely hopes this isnt as good as it gets ... 
hello depression ... 
is completely and utterly INFURIATED 
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same ... 
is watching ' The Office ' for the first time ever . I still think I like House or Scrubs better ... 
is being discharged in 1.03 hours ! Not sure how I came up with that figure , but it works ! 
so ... much ... pressure 
.. 
so ... much ... pressure ... 
gotta get outta here !!!! 
come on ... really ? I mean ,,, really ??? 
\Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious . \"- < PROPMALE > Gill " 
< PROPMALE > insomnia last night . spent a total of 6 hours staring into nothingness . how strange it is when the human mind has nothing to entertain it but its own whimsical creations . 
the only scary thing about halloween is having to give away < PROPFEMALE > to whiny little kids . except for your kids < PROPFEMALE > ! 
RAWR IM A DINOSAUR !!! 
can i get a hell yea ?? 
is nervous about her picc insertion and tube replacement : ( 
hospital+liquid diet and no < PROPFEMALE > = lame halloween ! 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > Pepin : ( 
\there aint no reason things are this way ... \"" 
so sore after her tube change ... but no more picc line ! 
:-( 
~ When you decide to be something , you can be it . That's what they don't tell you in the church . When I was your age they would say we can become cops , or criminals . Today , what I'm saying to you is this : when you're facing a loaded gun , what's the difference ? ~ < PROPFIRST > Costello 
I AM SLAGATHORE !!!!! 
hospital food is a crime against humanity . and tastebuds . 
ha ha cal got straight cathed ! ( dont ask ) 
I AM SLAGATHOR !!! 
screw team edward/jacob . go team holden ! ( catcher in the rye ) 
OMG WILD TURTLES !!!!!! ( including calley ) 
IS BACK < BABY ! NOW RESIDING IN WEST < PROPFEMALE > , OR ! 
Has decided ADHD must be caused by boredom . Anybody wanna chill today ? 
has virtually nobodys cell < PROPFIRST > , so message me yours if you think u can put up with me ! 
doubts ... 
is going to add going on a dinosaur safari on her ' things to do before 30 ' list 
I've been told family guy/south park will warp my mind , but I think it was the other way around ... 
is suffering deep psychological trauma and depression after seeing the ' eclipse ' trailer and continues to find < PROPFEMALE > swans pathology very , very disturbing and wonders how long it will be before < PROPFEMALE > wuts her name carries robs bastard child and starts hittin the pipe ... 
' Words will always retain their power , words offer the means to meaning and for those who will listen , the enunciation of truth . And the truth is , there is something terribly wrong with this country , isn't there ? ' -\V \"" 
' Words will always retain their power , words offer the means to meaning and for those who will listen , the enunciation of truth . And the truth is , there is something terribly wrong with this country , isn't there ? ' -\V \"" 
fish died : ( anyone wanna chill tonight and comfort me ( in a completely non-sexual way , even tho I am quite delicious ... ) ? 
passed her permit test ! A lil late yes , but not half bad given the circumstances ! 
why do guys think that just cuz they have penises they can pee wherever the hell they want ?! 
hah watching rocket power and catdog ... anybody else miss 90's nickelodeon ? 
I am th edog , the big bad dog , I am the dog , THE BOUNTY HUNTA !!!!!! 
the meaning of life is ... mocha frappucinos ! ( xtra whip pleez ! ) 
unfortunately I couldn't make it to the ceremony , but congratulations 2010 and best of luck !!! 
finally doing it ! ( pics later will explain ;) 
had a REALLY scary dream that someone made her pay money to go watch eclipse after seeing the previews then falling asleep . brings new meaning to the \impossible dream \"..." 
ITS ... ITS .... PEANUT BUTTA JELLY TIME PEANUT BUTTA JELLY TIME !!!!!!! 
dad accidentally mowed down a rabbit nest and we found one survivor whos too lil to be set free yet , so I gave him some water and we'll see if he makes it through the night . Advice ? Anybody ?... 
< PROPFEMALE > made it through the night ! : ) looks like we'll let him in our outdoor pen while the sun's out , keep him in his lil box at night , and as soon as he's eating solid < PROPFEMALE > food like grass we'll let him loose ! 
naming contest for little < PROPFEMALE > ! cast your vote for Keller , meaning little champion , Kieran , meaning little dark one , or < PROPMALE > , meaning small stream . 1 vote per person please ! ballots will be tallied this time tomorrow . 
well , keller passed away . he was looking pretty good , but i guess nature just takes its course sometimes . 
sooooo bored ..... 
is watching Lords Of Dogtown and wishing she wasn't a random little molecule floating around in the 1970's ... sounds like a jolly good time ! 
hmmm cheetos or doritos ?? i think ill be a good person and buy both so no feelings get hurt ! 
I need high ceilings ! 
met the Kraft cheese lady in the cheese section of Albertson's ... 
just found an awesome dropkick murphys song and will be rocking out to this and other tracks until further notice ... 
you're NEVER too old for a slip n ' slide 
Is a little sore after spending 1 1/2 hours weeding < PROPFEMALE > , which tis a difficult task when one lives in oregon and the stuff is everywhere . But at $12 an hour and an mp3 player with a nice new addition of < PROPMALE > petty and flogging < PROPFEMALE > , can't complain too much 
has to see yet another surgeon tomorrow and has dealt with so many idiots that she really hopes that this fellow is at most only half an idiot , for his own sake , not hers . Violence is not usually the answer , but as they say , its only funny until somebody gets hurt , then its hilarious . Although , they wouldnt be able to charge me as a minor anymore ... trip to coffee creek anyone ?? 
The medicine men have decided to do surgery on friday when they do my endoscopy to implant a jejunostomy tube . Sarcastic , cynical , and occasionally clever/amusing remarks that display her warped sense of humor thanks in part to the hicks < PROPFIRST > shall follow when the initial shock has worn off ... 
me : i hate surgery papers theyr pullin do u hav a living will crap . cal : just say leave it all to ur sister ! but dont die on me ! me : duh ! but if i do u hav to cure gp and start the < PROPFEMALE > lathrop hospital of peace and love . cal : wutr the rules ? me : dude ull b chief of medicine ! cal : OMG YES !!! ah , family ! 
wants to liv in a world where evryones ipods/various gadgets contain both eminem and < PROPMALE > petty . nuff said . 
wow ... evidently < PROPFIRST > s jr. now has something called the ' big < PROPFIRST>' ... i hope they kno that as far as McD's and the big < PROPMALE > are concerned , ITS ON !!!! 
time doesn't fly when you're having fun , it teaches you how to have it 
just got home from the hospital post-op 5 days ... time for large doses of physician prescribed narcotics , the couch , and decent non-hospital cable ... 
in addition to itching/scratching from pain meds , swelling at the op sites , extreme pain and nausea , low grade fevers , and general misery , it appears I have a bladder infection involving 2 bugs so now I get antibiotics which make me very sick by themselves . This should be a fun addition . dislike button over and over and over again ! sad turtle :'( 
has spent most of the last 2 days majorly stressing over the many tasks she must complete in preparation for a license and the coming school year , but has decided at this point a few days of rest would be well-deserved and speed the healing process 
think of it ... a country founded on saying one thing and doing another ... and we shall call thas country < PROPFEMALE > ! 
hes too pretty to be straight ! 
really wish I'd start healing from the stupid surgery ... I know it takes time when they cut into your intestines , chest , and neck simultaneously for several hours , but c'mon!!! 
first to DMV then to the surgeons office for stabilizer removal ( which may end up being being quite painful ) ... Sounds like a fun fun day ! 
just returned from Frys electronics and has decided the strange little men that work there must be white oompa-loompas ... well , I hope they're not cannibals , as that would be frowned upon in many societys ... 
Just found/picked up a jar containing containing her unfinished collection of state quarters from her earlier years , put it back as she used to give a crap , but picked them back up cuz she doesn't care anymore and gas money is gas money . Would someone alert me when the recession is over , please ?? 
THREAT LEVEL FOR SCOTTDALE/NEW STANTON : QUICKLY RISING ... ' IT ' TIS ' COMING ... 
pro : 12 hours at kennywood w/ cal n the cousins . con : phone was lost , but more likely stolen by a < PROPMALE > ... 
if anybody has a used verizon phone and is currently residing around her base camp in scottdale < PROPFEMALE > , she is willing to pay a reasonable price and would VERY much appreciate it . 
new reality show idea- 2 badass gay guys adopt like 10 boys n hav to liv in one really < PROPFEMALE > house or somethin ... 
will be hopefully visiting peeps @ cumberland by monday yooo ! 
wallet got jacked . mp3 player got killed by a family member who is lucky to be alive in my humble opinion . not to mention my online classes arent behaving . at least i hav my health ? oh wait , that was the first thing to go ! 
WHERES my snare ?!?! 
while staying at the hampton in richmond I eeked out another new show idea ... who remembers that show airline ? the one that shows all the crazy things/stories of airports ? It'd b lik that , but in a hotel ! thumbs up ?? 
while driving 6 hours to new jersey today , I stoppd at a McD's 4 a smoothie and noticed quite a few black people and teen moms . Todo , we are NOT in WL anymore ! interesting culture change though ... 
had to fly home today :'( feel free to b scooper duper nice to me whilst i work thru this difficult time lol 
bite me online classes ! BITE ME !!! 
aww ! the dog is pouting because I wouldn't let him drink out of the toilet ... that poor deprived child ... 
desperately needs to get outta the house and do somethin tonight ! ideas ?? 
hows mez fb crew this mornin ?? 
saw dropkick murphys , MET lead singer , signed tees , breathe electric ( among many others ) rocked the warped tour , not a bad day ! :) 
mom : i think ill clean off the dining room table . I wonder what I'll find under all that crap ... \ 
me : Good thing this isn't southmoreland high school , you'd probably find an 8 wk old bastard fetus ! 
hot shower+hot coffee = thas wut im talkin bout !!! 
SERIOUSLY thought she was going crazier than she already is ! Heard the phone ringing , but it wasn't . Then it started ringing again , but it wasn't . I finally realized it was the TV background noise ! 
Congrats to my homies ( especially choco bear ! ) movin into their dorms for the first time ! Very proud of u guys , and can't wait to join u as soon as I'm done re-inventing the super-senior image ! 
Take me awaaay ... to better days ... a sweet escape ! 
Sad , angry , but numb at the same time ... A 14 year old with gastroparesis passed away from complications from it the other night . Dammit , where's the cure ?! Where's the research ?! Where are me and the thousands of others including families and friends whose lives have been shaken to the core by this disease suppose to look for a shred of hope ?? There are some things I don't think I'll ever understand . 
Ibuprofen : Nectar of the gods ... 
this is my OMFG EMILYS HOME ! status ! lets giv her a proper fb welcome , ex patients/staff !!! 
Gets to drink a shit load of radioactive strawberry flavored dye tomorrow morning for tests . Joy . Too bad I'm old enough to know when the radiologists say it tastes good they're being ball faced liars much compareable to mall santas . Maybe they'll at least give me some stickers ? 
No strawberry dye , but pretty nasty radioactive syrup . < PROPMALE > pain/nausea that hasn't gone away . Bonded with the radiologist . After we needed to be creative to get the test done , he said what a lot of them say , ' You should be a doctor . ' < PROPFIRST > my words , I will . Got to brag about my tat/Cal which never gets old ! Funny how doctors/patients bond when you're screwed up enough internally that a simple test is anything but . 
Radioactive dyes a bitch . Especially when it sends you to the hospital . But it's not as big a bitch as my phone DYING the same day ! Goodbye only current link to sanity ! Plz leave ur cell < PROPFIRST > people ! Contact list may be lost . FML . 
Anybody got some smart-juice and maybe a strong shot of 100-proof dealing with humanity for Tuesday ?? ;) 
Has discovered that she and < PROPFEMALE > Alley share some similar beliefs on aminals- If your have mice and rats in your house , humanely catch them , give them a good meal , and release them far away from your house somewhere that will make a lovely new home :) 
Been runnin runnin runnin since 5 am ... got some homewrk I'll do later , but did I earn a few hours of steamy < PROPMALE > tea , a good book , and sum quality fb time ? hellllz yeaaa ! 
@#$% #& ! #&$(@& !!!!!!!!!!!! :( 
As I end a very stressful wkend and gear up for a VERY stressful week , I figured it only fair that I warn some of you that this week will be filled with even more sarcasm , warped humor , and cynicism that < PROPFEMALE > before ... You've been warned ;) 
Hates 9 hours in the ER and leaving about as sick as I came in . So what now ? another app tomorrow and an outpatient procedure Thurs . GP/CIPs a bitch . 
Has decided to do what tv/movies claim was done in the olden days when life got complicated : Saddle up the horses , < PROPMALE > a bank , live on top of a moving train , and settle wherever it makes it's last stop . Although this day in age that may prove to be challenging . Well , it was a fun fantasy while it lasted ;) 
A word of caution ... when you're going to make someone NPO after midnight for a procedure , don't schedule the stupid thing at 2:40 in the afternoon !!!!!!! How dare you sick people take my 8 am reserved slot ! ;) 
Really knows how to start the weekend w/ a temp of 101.2 . Dammit . 
Really doesn't want to wake up the kitten , but when she falls asleep on my homework it eventually must be done . 
Fever spiked at 101.4 . Hello tylenol . This isn't good for my rage issues ;) Maybe bloodwork at infusion clinic tomorrow to look for infection :( 
I'd love to go back to when we played as kids but things changed , and that's THE WAY IT IS ... 
Kiss my ass CIM tests everyone else took in fresh , soph , jun year . Guess I'll be taking you in Nov . sometime ... so this is your warning ;) 
Just found out that depite < PROPMALE > surgery/out of state hospitalization , she made the 09-10 honor roll at wlhs ! :D 
gp/cip + murphys law = DISASTER . sigh . 
on the way to the ER , pretty sick , txt me and I'll get bak to ya as soon as I can . 
home ! :D 
Hates ti when Saturdays feel like Mondays . Sunday , you sure sure as hell better redeem yourself ! 
Insomnia @ 4:30 am leads to be being alone with my many , many thoughts ... Which leads me to believe my mind may actually be more warped than previously hypothesized , if that's even possible ! ;) 
Despite being up at an ungodly hour , Doesn't feel all icky this morning , and while it doesn't happen frequently enough for my liking I'll take it :) 
Just realized that she has to start reading the ' roar ' now since it has supposedly important senior shtuff . Damn . 
Is kind of asking for trouble ( like I need more psychological trauma at this point ;) by watching Texas Chainsaw Massacre , but on a rainy October night , NOT watching it would be sick and wrong :D 
If this be treason , make the most of it . 
Relevant < PROPFIRST > Carlin quotes :\ 
\Isn’t it a bit unnerving that doctors call what they do “practice” ? \ " \ 
bak in the er , may get admited instead of waitn til monday . if u txt me thatd b awesum n id get bak 2 u asap . 5034597310 ! fuck u gp/cipo . u still goin down . 
Got to come home tonight ! 
packed duffel bag , check . homewrk , check . sarcasm , dignity , awesome support system , check :) 
OLD SKOOL Disney halloween movies ! :D 
Still in the hospital , probably at least 4-5 more days and just realized she's made NO progress on a halloween costume ! Ideas ??!! I was in the hospital for it last year so this year has to be EPIC :) 
Gets to go home tomorrow ! Woot ! But feeling pretty damn discouraged about a lotta shit :'( 
So it's not ok for a happy , perfectly legit gay couple to get married but IS ok for the ' Sister Wives ' and their hubby to have their own show about it ? 
Pretty bummed to be in the hospital on halloween . Again :( 
Going home tomorrow , and staying there dammit ! Foot stomp ! 
Despite being born on election day when the republicans took control of the house , this baby elephant will NOT become the new mascot . Why ? She was born in < PROPFIRST > , Australia ! This is ' merica , we gots no room for them aliens ! 
Put this as your status if you know someone/are related to someone who suffers from being a Pittsburgh Steelers Fan . Being a Steelers Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for PSF and sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 90% of Steelers fans won't repost this , because they don't know how to copy and paste . 
After a quick glance at msn's online headline news story , there was something about a baby panda , something about Wal-Mart , something about free college SATs , but checked out in vision and hearing after \Cup holds 2K gallons coffee \"..." 
Nothing that's magic can ' lose ' it's magic , we just stop looking for it ... 
omfg ... did a WL cop just take mercy and NOT write a speeding ticket ?! Tis the start of the apocalypse ... 
Not lookin forward to portacath removal/j tube change tomorrow :( On the bright side , been getting in a lotta meaningful Calley Lathrop matching tattoo bragging :D Hoping for humanity/strength in an inhumane situation . 
So ... after getting home last night realized her re-scheduled drivers test is this morning . When one has been sick the last few weeks ( port/j tube surgery- fuuuun stuff ! ) , little things like this must be put on the back burner . Aw hell , I'll give it a go anyway and just hope they don't add ' reckless driving ' or ' vehicular homicide ' to my record ! 
Needs to completely stop watching the local news until they stop bashing 4lokos ... 
Hopes Calley Lathrop and co . have a bitchin time at Winter Formal , I know you'll all be home by ten , completely sober , and not needing to make plans of how to redeem yourselves for the evenings actions/behaviors you don't even remember ! ( if this is really how the night ends I may just have to abandon all hope in humanity and kill myself ) 
correction- Hopes @Calley Lathrop and co . have a bitchin time at RUGBY Formal , I know you'll all be home by ten , completely sober , and not needing to make plans of how to redeem yourselves for the evenings actions/behaviors you don't even remember ! ( if this is really how the night ends I may just have to abandon all hope in humanity and kill myself ) 
Whoa whoa whoa hold the phone ... 50 bucks for Costco membership ?! If I have the necessity to go there to buy in bulk that's a toootally legitimate fee ( don't wry Costco , I still love you for your pizza ) 
Ahahaha < PROPMALE > getting socked in the face , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and the like pulling amazing plays , more penalty yards than play yards , gotta love when Steelers play the Raiders and simultaneously kick their asses ! 
FRIGGIN A !!!! ( In my best Juno impersonator voice , of course ) 
Oh god . The holidays . 
Insooomnia in disturrrbia ... 
Damn you antibiotic-related body rash , damnnn youuuu !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin's Alaska=Kait's proverbial headache/newest cause for rage issues/extreme sarcasm . 
Ugh . Ya know ya got bad veins ( more like non-existant ones ) when 16ish sticks later ( 3 in the neck ) they abandon all hope . We settled with a hefty dose of Potassium through the j and a total of 3 IM injections to deal w/ the pain and nausea from that and the whole digging around the tendons in my neck and other fun spots thing . I'm 
Has noticed quite the increase in the consumption of stupid/rude/ignorance juice lately , and hopes we can all come to our fucking senses and play nice . 
~ A sense of humor can help you overlook the unattractive , tolerate the unpleasant , cope with the unexpected , and smile through the unbearable . - < PROPMALE > Waldoks\ 
Ima need me summa that today . 
I'd rather be _______ 
Good thing I'm usually the last patient of the day for GI , it always seems to take at least 2 hours lol . If I made it into a driving/road rage analogy , I'd be the extremely old driver that can't find their way to Home Town Buffet and the dollar store lol . 
Erry day's a good day . Sometimes the reasons are just harder to find . But they're there . 
QOTD : \The emotional strain it gives me is comparable to monks that whip themselves . \ " XD " 
Likes Calley Lathrop ' s most recent status so much she's dedicating her status to it :) muahahahaha ! 
?????????????????????????? \ 
???????????????????????????? \ 
stolen from the wall of < PROPFEMALE > Haston :D ( who stole it from Steeler Nation < PROPFEMALE > ) lol 
Hates when fellow fbk'ers stauses are so damn hypocritical you'd love to say something , but aren't really in the mood to start something lol . 
Is pretty close to just avoiding fb completely lol . Preeetty close to up to here --- with the \Christmas Cheer\ " haha ... " 
Often in the current shithole that is my life , being * positive *,* motivated * , * sympathetic * ( towards the bitching of others mostly , although who's life sucks more is irrelevant as theres no such competition , only being thankful for what you DO have ) , is infuriating . But sometimes anger is like ... wheaties ? In that it fuels greatness ? No day but today , people . 
It's t-shirt timmeeeeeeee !!!!! :D 
Yaaaaaaaayyyyy internets back I missed you fb friends !!!! ( but don't flatter yourselves ;) 
After seeing a commercial about a woman addicted to ventriliquism , doesn't feel quite so bad about how her free time is spent ... 
Bout 2 get 2 more units ... hopefully it'll perk this turtle up a lil ... @ least in time 2 WELCOME HOME CHOCOBEAR !!!!! :D 
Watching Riding the Bullet ... Brilliant work < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , brilliant ! 
Is watching the cat < PROPMALE > its tail ... Thought that was a dog thing ? Wutev , I don't hate . 
