Getting laid !! 

partying its my moms bday !!! 
looking forward to sunday ! 
Looking towards a better week !! 
Feeling unwanted by a certain someone ! disappointed in his actions !! 
Just got done watching the bad girls club , because i am a bad girl !!! 
Genisis < PROPFEMALE > strikes again !! Hahahha !! 
Hanging out with my baby girl cass !!! 
I know your broken hearted , but baby there are plenty of fish in the sea !!! Chocolate ones too !!! Girl your fine and you know it now get out there and show it !!! 
I'm big and beautiful and love my life !!!!! Thank you Jesus !!! 
I'm big I'm beautiful and i'm loving life !!! 
Genisis < PROPFEMALE > strikes again , ha ha ha , going purple !!! 
i'm exhausted and sick , this diva is down for the count , i hate being sick !!! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
This cold is really kicking my ass , my whole body aches !!!!!! 
Going job hunting , pls pray for me a job , needing one bad !! 
Faith means being sure of the things we hope for and knowing that something is real even if we do not see it !!! 
Getting ready to leave for the weekend , be back saturday night ! 
I'm sorry i missed everyone at church on sunday , my uncle passed away , i'm mourning my loss , i loved him very much !!! 
Lost my uncle this weekend , i'n mourning , sorry i missed you all in church ! 
who ever said it was better to have loved and lost than to never love at all lied !!!! liar !!! 
whoever said it was better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all lied !!! liar !!! 
thinkin about last night , what ride !!! 
Feeling much better , just lovin the life God has given to me , he's in control , i just have to remember just to sit back and let him do his thing !!! 
To all my facebook friends , got a random txt this mornin from a girl and her friends from northside baptist church they are waitressing tonight at the < PROPFEMALE > corral and they get to keep all there proceeds to help them with a tour thier doing to spread Gods word so if you can go out and support them k !!! 
GOD I LOVE MY CHURCH , AND EVERYONE THERE , YOU SHOULD ALL JOIN ME AT SECOND BAPTIST CHURCH , COME YOU ALL FACEBOOK FRIENDS LETS GET SOME RELIGION !!! 
I LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > AND < PROPMALE > , YOU LIGHT UP MOMMIES LIFE !!!! 
Everyone please keep < PROPFEMALE > in your prayers , i'm not sure what is going to happen with getting her out but she may have to do the whole 4mo . in jail , i pray for her to have strength everyday , her kids are safe with me and Grace and i hope that gives her some comfort , but please , please keep her in your thoughts and prayers !!!! 
For those of you who don't know who < PROPFEMALE > is , she is my best friend , and she really is not the type to handle jail , so please pray for her and her situation ! 
Nothing to do tonight , anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
So , < PROPFIRST > is officially gone ! When one door closes another one opens , and mine just opened ... thanks < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Got the job working for the census bureau , yeah , extra cash , i'm so going to spoil my son this summer !!!!! 
WOW , my baby is so amazing , he even rubbed my feet last night ... and believe me my little tootsies needed it , they hurt so bad from walking all day ... i can't wait to see him tommorow night !!!!! 
saw the losers with < PROPFIRST > last nite awesome movie 
Yea , < PROPFEMALE > gets out of jail tonight , i've missed my bestfriend !!! 
trampolines , sangria with a mix of vodka lethal combonation 
so ready 2 c iron man 2 , just wish it was with my son but his daddy beat me 2 it 
no movie 2nite my < PROPFEMALE > is sick headed out with < PROPFEMALE > l8r 
Diggin my new look !! 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MY FACEBOOK MOMMAS , AND EVEN YOU SOON TO BE MOMMAS YOU KNOW WHO U ARE !!!! 
happy birthday 2 my handsome son mommy loves u !! 
Chillin with my daughter < PROPFEMALE > for the night , payday tomorrow , woo hoo !!! 
god forbid somebody get on my facebook and say anything 2 me someone stil thinks he runs my life dont u already hav a girl worry about her and get out of my ass like were stil 2gether 
watching the waterhorse with mattie .. tired 
i love a big family seems i have more cousins than i know wat 2 do with but id like 2 get 2 know u all so message me k 
Saw Iron Man 2 last night with < PROPFIRST > , he liked it , i thought it was boring ... well atleast till the end then thats when all the action happened .. 
So hopefully my baby boy will be comeing home next week , i don't know wether to laugh or cry , ive missed him so much !!! 
one more day until my bubbie is here 
So mom and dad are cutting into thier < PROPMALE > money to help me bring < PROPMALE > home , they know how important it is for him to be here , but ive also learned in bringing < PROPMALE > home who the true people in my life are , greed is a nasty thing so < PROPFEMALE > on to your money like God can't provide you with more !!!! 
So < PROPMALE > will be here tonight at 745 , i'm so excited i think i could just pee on myself !! LOL !!! 
ok facebook friends can anyone help me with some gas money 2 get my son i need 2 catch a break already if u can call or txt me at 4331349 thanks guys 
Well we made it , it was great to hold my baby last night in my arms and just here him sleep next to me , today bbq at the house !!! 
Took < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > swimming last night , by the time we got home , kids fed they were sound asleep , my legs felt like rubber ... time for my fat ass to lose some weight lol 
watchn the kids play in the kiddy pool outside .. dam mosquitos !! 
GIGIDDY , GIGIDDY , GIGIDDY !!!! 
Taking the kids to a sword fighting demonstration today , < PROPMALE > should love it !!!! 
So tired of lonely , hes not my bestfriend , ready for relationship , she can visit any day now !!!! 
Going to visit my brothers leaving today be back sunday night , ready to see may may and baby mia !!!! 
Spending time with the twins , and my niece , having a blast , Happy birthday Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and I miss you < PROPFEMALE > kiss the kids for me !!! 
So i just got back in to town from visiting the twins and my parents it was a great two weeks away , but back to the grindstone to take care of these children !!!! 
Was invited to a different church tonight with a friend , the blessings bestowed upon me and my family were felt within me , both of the kids were prayed over , jesus lives and is alive in my life !!!! 
Sooooo ..... If all my cousins could please send me your addresses and birthdays , and your childrens names and birthdays i would really appriciate it !!!! 
Having a blast with the kids today ... indoor forts , ice cream and now movies , war of the worlds and then transformers ... aawwww weekends !!!! 
Bright eyed and bushytailed , ready for church , bring it onnnnn !!!!! 
Took the kids to see a movie this morning then headed to the beach , the kids had a blast , poor < PROPFEMALE > so wanted to swim , but had to sit on the sidelines with < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Last night was a rough one , < PROPFEMALE > was throwing up all night , im exhausted today , but she seems to be better !! 
Its just rainin , rainin and rainin , and my birthday is coming up , i hope it doesn't rain then .... id like to go to the beach !! 
Oh my god , Friday night and i am sooooooo bored , somebody save me !!!! 
What the duece man home alone again tonight !!!! 
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY EVERYONE !!!! 
So 4th of july will never be the same for me , something traumatic happened to me , i finally had to take something to help me sleep so i wouldn't think about it anymore ... just remember to < PROPFEMALE > everything around you , no matter how small it could be gone in an instant !!!!! 
Theres nothing like a pair of shoes to cheer you up , my friend < PROPFEMALE > came over last night wtih 6 pairs !!! Early birthday present !! 
Having a wonderful birthday with the kids , Grace made me a delicious chocolate cake !!! 
Had an awesome bday party !!! Thanks to everyone for the bday wishes , and all the guests who attented my party !! 
Im sick as a dog today , going back to sleep !!! 
Feeling sooooo much better today , that bug almost kicked my butt !!! 
What a beautiful day , got my babies and my health , what more could i ask god for !!!! 
getting ready for matties third bday !! 
happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
my church is the best .. period ! 
y does it hav 2 b so hot this is unreal ! 
y cant people mind there own business ! 
i am sooo loungin 2day 
1 more day 2 relax until school starts ! 
everyone have a blessed day on the 1st day of school ! 
college math crazy , but i think im getting the < PROPFEMALE > of it !!!! 
< PROPMALE > homework this weekend !! what the duece and the school year is just beginning !!! 
church was awesome 2day salvation is in the air ! 
my math class is really kickn my butt ! 
good morning 2 all my fb friends hope u hav a blessed day ! 
church was awesome ! 
headed bak 2 school 2moro , goin down early 2nite 
Man 5 am came quick this morning , and < PROPFEMALE > did not want to go to school and its only her second day ... go figure 
School has got me bogged down , if i haven't called you lately , know that i still love you !!! 
School is going well , < PROPFEMALE > is loving it at headstart , and < PROPMALE > is doing so much better now that hes on his meds ... love you fb friends .... you know who you are !!!! 
off 2 bed big math test in the am 
good morning facebook friends and family ! 
ready for school on this fine am . Start my new job 2day ! 
finally some time wit the kids 
Back to school today , enjoyed my time with the kids this weekend , < PROPMALE > takes his school pictures tomorrow , hes definatly styln his mohawk 
< PROPFEMALE > has her back surgery in two days please keep her in ur prayers ! 
< PROPFEMALE > has her back surgery in 2 days please keep us in ur prayers 
on our way 2 corpus for nikkis surgery please keep us in ur prayers 
< PROPFEMALE > is in surgery now its been 4hrs stil a ways 2 go poor baby ! 
i wish these drs would do something 4 her fuckn pain 
< PROPFEMALE > is doin better stil in pain but doin better 
< PROPFEMALE > is doin better shes stil in alot of pain but not as much 
< PROPFEMALE > is home now shes glad 2 b out of the hospital 
< PROPFEMALE > is home now and glad 2 b out of the hospital 
i might as well say goodbye 2 any free time school is consuming me ! 
back 2 school and wk so much 2 study ! 
Thank God its friday , still have an essay due , but I am so going to relax !!! Party at Christinas !!! 
ok myspace and fb friends call me for info for the party 2day 4338052 all are invited 
had alot of fun lastnite bak 2 the books 
so happy < PROPFEMALE > is home with me the lord is the master of all 
lord i lay everything at the foot of the cross u r my healer and my savior 
another day of school and work !! 
tgif ! 
2day was a good day wit the kids and my bff so ready 4 bed now ! 
i think im ready 4 the week .. well maybe .. lord bless me and those around me ! 
have a 1245 pm appt in corpus and transit wants 2 pik up at 510 am wats wrong wit this picture 
well niks bak looks so good and shes doin so much better the lord has put his healn hand upon my child 
big math test 2moro i think i mite pass it 
i know i say this every friday but 4 real .. tgif !! 
lunch with mommy and daddy 2moro ! 
good morning world ! 
passed my math test ! Had a pretty terrific day ! 
i have a killer toothache ! 
now i have the cough from hell i cant get this junk to come out of my lungs ... blah 
gettin ready 4 church and realizn how much hmwk i stil hav ... aaahh 
big test this am .. to all the veterns i salute u ! 
oohhh sexy girlfriend ... 
wat it do baby ! 
wat a tangle web we weave .. wel u know the rest ! 
On thanksgiving break and lovin every minute of it !!!! 
start my new job 2day 
Happy Thanksgiving to my family and friends ... love you all !!!!! 
had an awesome day with the family ! 
back 2 school on monday wat a drag i was enjoyn the time off ! 
happy birthday capio mommy loves u ! 
i am so exhausted tryn 2 wk and go 2 school and on top of it be the best single mom i can be 
Semester is almost over finals next week ... aaaahhh !!!! 
stil hangin in there even though i dont feel good ! 
finals 2day wish me luck ! 
one more final ! 
passed my finals with 4.0 grade average ye me ! 
in the hospital thank god its after finals and b4 xmas 
stil in the hospital im really hopein im out by xmas ! 
i mite b out by 2moro yea ! 
going hm 2day yea ! 
so good 2 b hm did a little xmas shopn 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my family and friends , I love you all for being there for me through the good and the bad !!!!!! 
had a beautiful xmas theres nothing like a loving family ! 
kids r bak 2 school .. a little time for myself ! 
id believe u if u said u loved me ! 
ok everyone i had 2 get a new phone and i need addresses and bdays again ! 
can somebody clue me in on wat u < PROPMALE > r t < PROPMALE > kn about with the zodiac sign 
i think i mite have found mr. Rite ... maybe .. lettn god take control 
Classes are getting brutal !!! 
false alarm ! 
< PROPFEMALE > do we just let our kids go .. im trustn u lord ! 
< PROPFEMALE > do we let our kids go ? 
jesus is doing great works in my life .. thank u heavenly father ! 
I am loving life to the fullest , I have a wonderful family , and wonderful friends , what more could a girl ask for .... oh yeah almost forgot I love the Nelsons ! 
headed 2 the expo 2moro with my new < PROPFEMALE > and my other grandchild auden ... happy happy 
So I was thinking alot about my family today , and remembered when we used to make capio pizzas for < PROPFEMALE > , decided to make them for her daughter and keep the tradition going , she loved them !!!! 
Its a beautiful day today ... to bad my < PROPFEMALE > is to sick to enjoy it !! 
I have another killer headache , i dont know whats going on but its making my stomach upset ... blah ... 
I am so relaxing this weekend , it has been a hectic week all around , sleepy weekend for me !!! 
Well back to school tomorrow .. the weekend just goes by to fast !!!! 
Out of my fitness walking class , on to English and Writing , then software app ... then the probation ... almost done .. yay 
Starting to feel nauseous at school , my gums are very sore still from my tooth extraction , and my < PROPFEMALE > tay is still not feeling well either .. should have stayed home !!! 
so its just me and < PROPMALE > this wknd its been so quite .. 
home wit my babies workn on my english paper spring break .. humpf som break ! 
finished my lesson 4 the kids 2nite at recovery now im going 2 relay b4 i have 2 leave .. i love u capio ! 
< PROPFEMALE > refuses 2 take her ponytails down bcause her < PROPMALE > bear thinks shes beautiful .. um ok kids can b so strange 
kept the kids home from daycare 2day just want 2 love them hug them and kiss em all over ! 
off 2 moms the kids r attending a bday party and we get 2 c < PROPFEMALE > havnt seen her since xmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > mommy loves u this big ... i see u every day < PROPFEMALE > i look at matties face .. b good capio ! 
im so glad its the wknd but as usual i have hmwk ! 
< PROPMALE > was so awesome at defending the goal 2day im a proud soccer mom ! 
