so today is the 8th anniversary of 9/11 .... I remember exactly where I was and how that terrible day unfolded ... do you remember ??? I am very , very thankful for all those people who serve to keep all of us safe and sound both here and abroad ... Thank you < PROPMALE > and Kolby and everyone else !!! 

Amen < PROPFIRST > , Amen .... 
Well , it's sunday evening .. Laundry is done , the girls are at youth group , i'm on facebook seeing what everyone i know has done this weekend ... < PROPFEMALE > had a vollyball tournament this weekend ... they didn't do very well .. but it's a young varsity team , mostly sophmores and juniors ... fall is here , the evenings are cooler ... life is good , God is good ... I can't ask for much more than that ... love to all !!!! 
I think we went from spring , a little bit of summer , no fall , straight to winter ... it's spitting snow this morning .. kind of chilly out there .. but oh well , at least it's not sticking yet !!! < PROPFIRST > - atleast you went and had the eyes checked , I need to go but don't want to have to buy glasses !!! LOL :-) 
sunday afternnon , getting ready to have steak and apparagus , yum yum !!!! 
yeah of crongrats to my two brothers , < PROPMALE > was recently promoted to Assisant Fire Chief at < PROPFIRST > Fire Dept in < PROPFIRST > Texas and < PROPMALE>'s promotion to Colonel has finally been approved by the senate . I am soooo very proud of my brothers and my sisters as well as my children and husband :-) God is good to those who trust in Him !!! 
It's thursday , almost friday , and it's supposed to snow today ... what happened to fall ????? 
it's snowing out .... ugh !!! and i didn't bring my scarf and mittens ... grrrr but i have my scraper , not that it's sticking .. but still ... ugh !!! 
it's snowing this morning .. nice big flakes , sticking to the ground ... winter is here ... 
thankfully it's friday , it's been a long week , but we've had great weather here , in the 60's and 70's all week .. this is the last free week from sports , next week starts tryouts for basketball and swimming for the girls .. the craziness will start up again .. oh well , could be worse right ?? LOL !!! 
it's friday ... very chilly here , snow is coming in this weekend ... winter wants to come in and take up residency i think .... 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! I hope you all have a wonderful day !! 
Brrrr ... got in the car this morning , the temp was 9 degrees .. brrrr .... 
< PROPFEMALE > = The most beautiful thing found on Earth < PROPFEMALE > = A girl who craves attention . Is also one of the most giving people you will ever meet , but do not cross her since she can be the spawn of Satan . Is apparently good in bed , does not have the best luck in finding worthy partners . Oh my gosh ... lets just say that I hope i'm somewhere in between the two ... ugh !!!! www.urbandictionary.com 
what a great day out .. the sun is shining , snow is melting ... it feels like spring !! yipee !!! 
Off to < PROPFEMALE>'s first track meet of the season ... it's warm while the sun is shining , but it will get chilly as soon as the sun goes down for the night !! Good luck Maeg !! 
another track meet today and it's supposed to start raining followed by snow ugh !!! oh well , during the heat of summer i will be wishing for cooler weather ahhahahaa 
no track meet today ... it got cancelled due to weather .. bummer ... it's already raining with bits of snow ugh !!! 
I'm so proud to live in Colorado , i just heard that our attorney general is sueing the government over Obama-Care !! YIPEE !!!! WOO HOO !! the fight has just begun !!! We will take this country back from all of those who wish to trample on the constitution !!!! 
chatting with my daughter on fb .. how cool is that ???? 
PROMISE TO MY CHILDREN : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you understand why I do it . Then I'll know you are a responsible adult . All because I LOVE YOU !... ... You will never find someone who loves you and cares about you more than your MOM ! Copy & paste if you feel the same 
Happy Anniversay to my wonderful hubby !! the man that i would marry again in a heart beat !!! I love you very much !! 
thanks for all the wonderful birthday wishes !!! it is going to be a great day for sure :-) 
Congrats to my big sissy < PROPFEMALE > !! way to go on the new job and the opportunities it holds for you , God is definitely smiling upon you !! Love you sis !!! 
Happy birthday to my wonderful daughter < PROPFEMALE > who turns 17 today !!! 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank checkpayable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Veteran , know a Veteran , Love a Veteran or support the Troops ! 
I love and am so thankful for all of those who have served to keep us free and safe . Many thanks to my dad , dad-in-law , husband , brothers , brother-in-laws , nephews , neices and friends !! Many thanks and prayers !! 
God saw you getting tired & a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you & whispered come with me . With tearful eyes we watched & saw you pass away . Although we love you dearly , we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stop beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke our hearts to prove to us he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this Christmas 
is missing my momma today , 4 years ago today , she went to heaven to be with Jesus and the angels and family and friends ... one day I will get to see her again , until then , I will < PROPFEMALE > the memories I have of her !! I love you momma and miss you terribly ..... 
