Just talked to my college roomate for the first time . How cool is that ?! 

Wishes she could go to AOSFYC . :: pouts :: 
How did grease go ? 
well damn , and here I was thinking y'all would be excited 
why are all these people on facebook at middies ? I don't understand ! SLEEP , PEOPLE , SLEEP 
Just wants summer to be over . 
watching teen titans .. such a little kid , but i love ' em . lol . wish they would do another season 
chillin at the library . IM me 
I need ideas on books to read . im running out 
lookit . http://www.thealmightyguru.com/Blasphemy/Index.php 
oops sry bout that 
I like watching extreme sports on the TV . I particularly like racing cars and racing motorbikes . I was watching the racing cars with < PROPFIRST > on the Extreme Sports Channel when on came a sport of which I was previously unaware . In < PROPFEMALE > , it seems , there i 
In fact , they do it for a living . Yes , that's right , there are people who make a living out of sitting on the cows . The cows clearly really dislike it . It really annoys them . That's why they are so angry . There are loads of people sitting watching and che 
In Spain , they stab the cows . Cow stabbing seems even less fair than sitting on them to be honest . I guess it must be because Spaniards weigh less on average than Americans - they probably feel they don't have the weight to sit on the cows , so they're bet 
It does worry me that I'd feel a bit sorry for the cow mind . I like cows , they are nice . Maybe we should just have a sport where we're nice to the cows instead . That would be much more fun , surely ? We could give them nice hats too , and paint flowers on th 
Yes , I think that's the sport we should invent . Extreme Cow Makeover And Complimenting . Now THAT is what I call an extreme sport . 
woo 
FREE LAB PUPPIES To a good home . Purebred , no papers Going to pound otherwise Respond or call- 740-502-1368 
And if i had ur number , i don't now . lost my phone and all my contacts . plz email me with ur digits . thx . 
Aw ... woke up at 8 , and my first class is at 8:30 . AHH !! 
Time for sleep ... ahh ... 
Sigh ... off to class ... music theory quiz today . Wish me luck ! 
Done with classes . Hooray ! 
Never forget . 
Is working on an FYE paper . WHYYY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is sick ... thinks she's still going to classes though . Ramen fixes a lot !!! 
wtf ? I justlooked at the clock an its 11:11 . AGAIN !!! Geez ... 
Can I start a blog on here ? If so , I'm going to ... 
Really wishes someone from her family would come see Pippin ... so excited for opening night tomorrow !!! Don't forget , guys , dress rehearsal tonight ! You can come watch !!! 
officially declares tonight's opening performance of pippin an outstanding success . Come see it tomorrow-sat . at 8 and sun at 2 . 
to bed with me . my melatonin finally kicked in . 
Is depressed that Pippin is over . Can't wait for the next show !!! 
is headed off to bed . Still depressed that Pippin is over . EPIC FAIL if u didnt go see it . 
RIP < PROPMALE > Martino , the godfather .... 
has decided she kind of likes the sound of Takeover UK , but isn't really how she feels about their lyrics ... 
Just got back form Heidelberg Idol !!! It was great ! Everyone did really well , but I think < PROPMALE > is a shoo-in to win !! They're announcing it at the pep rally next thursday ! And that blonde guy ( who i am ashamed to admit i cant remember his name ) was really fun to listen to , even if his voice was untrained !!!! < PROPFEMALE > did awesome as well ! 
Dressin ' up the cats , they're gonna get married Dressin ' up the cats , they're gonna get married If we don't get all the cats married , When they die , they go to cat hell . ( Christian propaganda in our media . lol . jk ) 
is done with her Music Lit midterm !!! Yay !! Diagrams kinda hurt her brain . I wish I could use word instead ... Going home tommorrow !!! Haven't been in a looong time , cause of Pippin and money stuff ... Can't wait for the long weekend . 
Going to choir . YAY !! Almost done with the day , and its fun , to boot !!! Huzzah !! 
I solemnly swear I am up to no good ... 
learned to spell the british way and it causes her trouble ... colour , favour , grey , its all so confusing .... 
{ Today , my brother had tons of animal crackers on the floor looking through them . I asked him what he was doing and he replied , \The box says you can't eat them if the seal is broken . I'm looking for the seal . \ " I have high hopes for him . MLIA } Nice . " 
soory i just discovered mlia and im addicted ... 
Exams weren't as bad as I thought they would be .... 
thinks heidelberg should do a lipdub ... 
MAAAAARCOOOOO 
Haha just set my language to pirate . this is awesome ... 
Has been confronted with boobies too many times today ... if I were interested in women , this would be the greatest day of my life . As it is , I feel rather tired and undermotivated . 
Up from a long night with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > . Had a lot of fun , but now is ready for old-fashioned mom and dad time . I wanna go home .... 
How do i add a network ... i wanna join the spoon assasin thing but i cant add myself on the network ... sob ... 
I might declare myself the emperor of cheese at some point and start a gouda-based rebellion of sorts , but no real harm would be intended ... 
would be HUGELY grateful if anyone could tell her where her phone was ... again . God ... I'm so brainless .. 
was jsut struck by depression and is wearing a hole in her stress rock as we speak . Just wants to talk to her mom . Or be with < PROPFIRST > or < PROPFIRST > ..... jeez . Damn . i'm lonely ... 
is cleaning out her fishbowl . again . damn 
All my classes for today were cancelled , except choir ... YAY ! 
wants to get a bubble wrap cover for her phone ... 
NEEDS A PINK SHEET , just to borrow , can ANYONE help me ????? 
went to halloween party as \Swine Flu . \ " Pictures will be posted soon . " 
Magic Show going on at Ritz Theatre at 2pm today . Check it out ! Heidelberg students are backstage !!!!! Tickets go on sale at 1 , doors open at 1:30 . 
Is bouncing pickles . 
( INSERT Witty remark here . ) 
Just switched from Internet Explorer to Google Chrome , and is very impressed . 
thinks that if a man really loves a women , he'll give her spicy hot cheetos on every birthday . 
I want to sing another < PROPFEMALE > . So different from the one I always sing . But when I do the dishes ... I run the water very , very , very hot . And then I fill the sink to the top with bubbles of soap And then I send all the bottle caps I own afloat And its the greatest voyage in the history of plastic !!! 
really wishes that the guy beside her would invest in headphones ... so loud ... 
is really very tired , but wants to do something different . 
needs today to just be over . 
Well , Mediocrity lived through the night . I have hopes for her . 
has texting now , so if u have verizon , text me . 17405021368 . 
Mediocrity died around 1 in the morning , guys . Day of mourning ensues ... :( 
Is tired out of her mind . Music Theory at 9am ... curse you , soul , for making me a music < PROPMALE > . 
FACEBOOK TRICK : Press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then left and magic circles will appear . The only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status if it works . and yes it did work 
Always fucks everything up . Probably just lost 2 friends , maybe 3 . Great . I couldn't just lie , could I ? 
is ready to go back to school ... 
I will be COMPLETELY ( that doesn't mean i have to answer ) honest for 24 hours . You can ask me any one question and i promise you will have my full honesty . I dare you to put this on your status and see what questions you get ! 
Sooo ... tomorrow will be thursday ... which means ...? 
was really scared yesterday , but i thinks she's ok now . 
Hey does anyone have the Music Literature CDs ? I need to copy them ... pleeeeeeeeeeez .. thanks . 
is going to bed . 
Ha . No . 
is now happy again because she now officially owns her textbooks . 
whoever hacked my facebook and said i am interested in women , had better beware . I will eat you with spicy mustard . lol . 
please tell me I don't have to stay in this room . 
wasn't invited . :( 
When it hurts to look back , and you're scared to look ahead , you can look beside you and your best friend will be there . To < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , I hope the candle in your heart is always lit , you will never know how much you helped me today . 
can't find her debit card . Its got my name on it guys . If you see a random card , its probably mine .... Help ! I can't go home without it ! 
My facebook just gott a face lift . It will be so much more fun to check my facebook now that all that dead weight is gone . I don't need that negativity . Love you guys ! 
Feels like her Music THeory exam went well . Here's hoping ! X <- crossed fingers 
Sorry to spam your fb , but hese sites are lol worthy . 
yum ... food . Must eat now . To Hmann ! 
is going to bed . Early morning tomorrow . then i get to go home . yaaaay . i'm so out of it right now . lol we sang a song about Haydn not having an E in it . Yeah . We're tired . 
Wish me luck . Jury at 1:20 ! 
HOME SWEET HOME !! HUZZAH !!! 
is deeply .... DEEPLY !!!! in love with Spock . Just finished watching the < PROPFEMALE > trek movie for the second time and is ready to go back for thirds . 
is trying to show my dad facebook . lol baby boomers ... 
My whipped ice dairy drink brings the attention of many males to my place of residence , and they declare that its quality surpasses that of yours . Absolutely , it surpasses yours . I could convey to you the recipe , but I would have to demand compensation . 
Just got her early christmas stuff . Got the entire series of Death Note anime . Guess who's having a marathon tonight ? 
Gave Baby < PROPFIRST > his presents today . Who knew fourteen month olds like fuzzy blue slipper socks from Dollar Tree as much as broke college students do ? 
is having a hard time accepting the fact that all the guys she is totally in love with are either fictional or waaay too old for her . Example : Severus Snape and Spock . Why do I fall for dark haired nerdy old guys ? 
HAPPY CHRISTMAS !!! 
is tired but trying to stay awake to finish updating all the crap i haven't done in a month . 
Back from Walmart ! Now I can wash my dishes AND my clothes ... in seperate kinds of soap ! Yay ! 
Choir til 5:30 , then I SWEAR I will do homework ! A theory worksheet , a buttload of reading , and lots of logistical organization/notes stuff . I have decided to be in bed by 11/ 11:30 ish . you should still totally IM me , though , because you all know I don't REALLY want t do it . 
How exactly does a college student dress as a \college student ? \"" 
' I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind . They come from ahead and they come from behind . But I've bought a big bat , I'm all ready you see . Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me!' 
My check engine light came on the other day . I popped the hood and looked , and the engine is still there . Silly light ! 
\This necklace has cost two very fine men their lives . Sometimes I wear it to honor their sacrifice ; other times I wear it because it goes with this skirt . \"" 
has anyone seen my debit card ? I used it to get money out of the atm , but now its AWOL . anyone ? 
I'm bored . Anyone wanna do something ? 
The creepy preacher guy is gone . He stood up , turned on rap music on his ipod as loud as he could crank it , and walked out . I don't know whether to be impressed or think he's a douche . 
Well , off to Voice Lessons . Gotta learn some more pretty itialian and < PROPMALE > !!! everybody wish me luck ! 
DUUUDE ! I WANNA TAKE U TO A GAY BAR ! I WANNA TAKE U TO A GAY BAR GAY BAR GAY BAR !!! Wooot ! 
OMG the entire floor stinks so bad of fish . I think the cake may not have been a great idea ... 
Flying is just throwing yourself at the ground and missing . 
Happy hump day , guys . Hard to wake up , and I am NOT laying back down because I will go back to sleep if I do . 
PIANO CLASS CANCELLED ! ITS LIKE CHRISTMAS AND THANKSGIVING !!!! AT THE SAME TIME !!! I now gots an hour til psych ! 
Don't let it get to you . You'll do better next time . 
only has bricks and harnesses to gift . Still needs 6 bricks , 4harnesses , 8 horseshoes , 8 nails , and 8 wooden boards . Appreciate any help . 
WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH MY FACEBOOK !! THE LAYOUT IS ALL AWKWARD !!! EWYY ! 
If you catch a Chinchilla in Chile And cut off its beard , willy-nilly You can honestly say That you have just made A Chilean Chinchilla's < PROPFEMALE > chilly . Nice . 
The bustard's an exquisite fowl , Without any reason to growl . It escapes what would be , Illegitimacy , By the grace of a fortunate vowel . Sorry guys , I'm on a limerick kick . yay ! :P 
NO CLASSES !!! My scales fell out of my head , AGAIN ! But with another 6 hours of practice , I should be able to stuff them back in . Its a good day ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from Rectal Cranial Inversion . Rectal Cranial Inversion , otherwise known as Head Up Your Ass Syndrome , affects the lives of many . There is still no known cure for Rectal Cranial Inversion , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , mainly because ... they already suffer from RCI . 
Dunno where my phone is again . < PROPFEMALE > keeps screwing with my stuff ! Talking to mummy on the dorm phone . 
Normality frightens me . If you are all the same , why do you all have different genetics and seperate souls ? Because we are all the same , normality is actually ABNORMAL . Indeed , isn't it even UNNATURAL ? 
Want to be more than info super highway traffic , want to be more than a walking demographic ! 
SPRING BREAK IN 3 !!! YEAH !!! Really just want this week to be over !!!! Education technology and Voice lessons today , and then I'll probably do the Music Theory Homework . I'm not fond of putting seventh chords into my chorale harmonizations and then having to put Non chord tones in on top of that !!! I might just die where I stand . lolz 
I could really use some help on my chicken coop expansion . If you click on my name to the left it will take you to my profile . Then all you have to do is scroll down to the barn raising icon . Thanks in advance . 
First day back and I already need a nap . lol . debating what to do with my life ( other than the whole music thing . ) 
Is going to my Vocal Lesson . And then , I might just find a < PROPFEMALE > spot and read outside ... ah yes . very nice . Anyone want to join ? Be outside < PROPFEMALE > at like 4:30 ... GO ! 
I hate when its too cold to open a window , but too warm to sit with it closed ... argh 
needs to logout ! sdkfhadklfhaskdjfhlkajdshflksdhfkjs - Love < PROPFEMALE > - 
Wrote a new note . Check it out ! 
Is kinda scared that someone in Brenneman knows that much about her ... anyway ... tomorrow is easter , and I am reading the last < PROPMALE > Potter book for like the 20th time ! Yay ! 
Brenneman Music Hall- its a cornucopia of disturbing concepts .... 
refuses to let academic stress get the best of her . I have as much to do as the next music < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > , plus I get to memorize like seven music pieces and a ten minute acting script . Yeah ! I can do it , no problem !!!! Bring it on , Heidelberg University ! You've never seen efficiency like this shit ! 
Just had a fender-bender . No injuries , though i will have a hefty citation ... and my jeep is out of commission for a few days ... i don't know how badly its injured , perhaps barely , perhaps very badly ... the real question is how do i get < PROPFIRST > home ... she might have to stay another day . I'll ask Dr. McConnell if she can come to classes with me ... like a tour . 
doesn't want to feel left out any more . 
Is done with her acting papers ! Huzzah ! Now I will celebrate with a round of Oregon Trail ! 
is waiting to practice her THR 207 scene with < PROPFEMALE > . Still a little sniffly , but loads better than yesterday ! Hope today is a good day . 
Thinks she did well on her acting final ... hope you could hear me , Tucci . I was doing it all for you ! Lolz . Anyway , I need a summer job in the Coshocton/Warsaw/Millersburg area . Anyone know of any ? I'm not picky and I work hard . 
So ... I had a dream that my daddy bought 10 sheep and a llama ! But when I went in to play with them , I found out the Llama could TALK ! He told me he was from narnia ! Then my dad yelled at me , and said not to play with the animals , we only bought them to test our hair-care products . He said if I didn't stop talking to them , he would sell them , so I stopped because I didn't want to lose my Narnian friend . 
My room is half naked ... i don't like it . 
Wants to see the cast list . I might go insane . Why is it taking so long ???!!!! 
These quotes are keeping me cheerful , long after the coughing and ringing in my ears has made me sad ... 1 . “I enjoy convalescence . It is the part that makes the illness worth while . ” 2 . “I cannot believe that my illness is natural . I suspect Satan , and therefore I am the more inclined to take it lightly . ” 3 . “Warning : Humor may be hazardous to your illness” 
\OH MY GOD . THIS HAT IS UNLIKE ANY OTHER . IT DEFIES THE LAWS OF PHYSICS . \"" 
Is getting up early for the first time since school ended ... ew . I feel awake , but my bones are still weary ... Oh , well ! Wish me luck on my first day of work at ITM !!! 
Is officially done with summer . Im so bored ! 
Is glad its the weekend . Working as customer service for creditreport.com is rather challenging ! 
Had a slight panic attack today . Have you ever had the horrifying feeling that your life is going nowhere and that youre totally lame ? 
Wants to quit , but refuses to give in . School is only eight weeks away ! I might stop at six weeks so i can get some REAL summer in !!! 
Anyone want a cat ? We are moving and can't take them . one is longhaired and loveable . the other is shorthaired and quiet . both fixed . 
Only four more days of working here . Then i can quit . And on that day , i shall flutterwacken . Vigorously . 
Is considering trying to build her credit ... Between paying off some of her student loans and getting a mtvU student credit card , hm ? 
MOOOOOOOOOOOOM ! PAY ATTENTION TO MEEEEE ! 
Is it possible to feel claustrophobic in your own life ? 
No texting for a while , guys . The whole family's a bit short on cash , so the phones have been limited . If u need anything , email or call after 9 or on weekends . Unless its like urgent , then just call . 
was awakened this morning at 4:30 to the sultry sound of THE SEED OF CHUCKY . I am not amused , television programming people . 
Mommy's in the hospital with a kidney stone . They're putting in a stint later . Keep her in your thoughts and pray if you do that sort of thing . :) 
made it into concert choir ! 
loves dr. < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > der westhuizen . it's official . best aural training teacher . EVER . 
loves concert choir more than ever . Got a little overwhelmed by solfege today . I think once we get to words , my brain may explode . 
sooo ... at&t , i'm not sure if you are aware , but you are not a religion . So there . 
is sick . in bed . NOT in class . WHY ? 
Even more than this , however , the sick - like lepers - were often reviled because people believed that they had brought their torments upon themselves . 
Needs to make a schedule ... I'm falling so far behind its pitiful , and on top of that , I'm not sleeping again .... Gotta agree with < PROPFIRST > Furda I have no idea how I'll live through this semester ... 
I agree with < PROPFEMALE > Fuller , because < PROPMALE > Thee Stump eats babies . 
But there are sounds ... ( Missing her roomies ! I woke up to the silence and I'ts weird ... ) 
Will practice today . Promise . But first ... cheezy shells ! 
is robbing < PROPFIRST > to pay < PROPFIRST > ; i.e. skipping Growth and Development with Kang to work on Music History with DC . Worth it ? Definitely . 
Is reaaaallly tired . Skipping perf though ? Negative . I've bummed off enought today . 
TIRED . 45 minutes of sleep in the last 48 hours . This can't be good ... 
is different , not psychotic . Stop treating her like she's a bad person for having a different background . Love , Me . 
is not loving the new open score stuff ... I have the rep pretty much down , harmonizations ok , and accompaniment is decent . Open score just bends me over a table , though . 
The hard part of the day is over . Theory wasn't crazy . Piano test was ok . G&D was boring as &*%^ . Woodwinds was mediore , Music History was fun ( and we got out early ! ) I just finished the notes for study group at 5:30 and we have musical practice at 8 . So , overall , not bad . 
is sleepy . Only two tests and two ( undone ) assignments tomorrow ! Yeah ! \ 
...... goodnight . 
Has a break . Just finished my Creative Writing Story \The Little Ninja That Could . \ " I am debating on whether to post it as a note on her or not . " 
loves choir more than usual . Pg . 11 of crossing the bar made me cry . Fail/Win . 
helped < PROPFIRST > Beach . It was fun and we got that paper to organized , he should have a final copy in no time !!! 
is going to have to focus on the important things from now on . Excess things will be pruned . You know what you are , evil prune-worthy subjects ! 
likes it on the staircase ? What is this all about , coshocton people ? 
is chilling before lunch , then off to practice woodwinds some more , then woodwinds class , then music history . Blegh I just don't like or understand the clarinet . 
is excited that pirates is doing well but frowns deeply upon those who did not show up . You know who you are and why you did not come . No excuse . 
is sleepy . Bed :) 
just got back from Pirates preview . Not our best practice so far . Only like 8 of us were even there , and it messed up the timing and the choreography . Oh well , it ended up being pretty mediocre anyway . And you-know-who was there , so it was both exciting and awkward . 
is really bad with horror movies . Sobbed for like five minutes at the end of Paranormal Activity . 
reserved seats for her parents on Saturday ! Can't wait to see her mommy and daddy ! And the midget too of course ... 
is headed to pirates dress rehearsal . 
Mommy , Daddy , and the midget are coming to see Pirates tomorrow . I hope they like it ! < PROPFEMALE > is sitting on < PROPFEMALE > , and I'm snug in my bed with my pillows . All is as well as it could be . :) 
is ready for pirates to be over , so I can have my life back . But ... could it maybe not be over just yet ? 
is ready for a change . Ready , set , GO ! 
is a prisoner in her own life . 
testing , testing 1 , 2 , 3 ! 
Obstacles are things a person sees when she takes her eyes off the goal . 
wonders where her roomies are ... I looked for < PROPFEMALE > at Bmann before I left , but no one was there , and < PROPFEMALE > should have been done with her exam by now ..... the room is naked , and someone threw a chair across the lounge ... 
really hopes you will be happy . 
has decided that there is performance in her future . Now to go where the winds of song may blow me !!!!! 
just finished reading Hunger Games Book 3 : Mockingjay . I've been relentlessly soul raped for the last 4 hours . Wonderful book . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . The Order brings Unity , but the Death Eaters continue to < PROPMALE > division and hatred . 57(ish ) wizards died in the terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of people won't repost this . Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army . 
somehow managed to sleep for 12 hours ! i went to sleep at like 5pm and woke up around 6:30 am . Sure , its wasting half a day , but when you only get 3 or 4 hours normally , it feels amazing ! I think its worth it , I feel awake for the first time in months ! I'm going to get serious work done today ! 
Soooo . Facebook chat is being a D . 
Please , join me in putting this on your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by velociraptors . It's time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up for vicious sport . Velociraptors are , after all , kind ... of ...... unstoppable . 93% won't copy and paste this . 
feels like she did better than expected during induction . :) Now to make it actually good for perf class . 
So ... Just walked by a girl in a hoodie , shorty shorts , and uggs .... Wtf ? seasonally confused much ? \ 
I Miss you . <3 
hates tenor clef . :( 
\I know this girl who wants everyone to know that she can handle herself . She knows what she's doing . She's capable of making her own decisions and showing up for her own appointments . She doesn't need a babysitter or a secretary . She doesn't even need your < PROPFEMALE > or indulgence . Treat her like she's not a moron . Do you know this girl ? \"" 
your attitude never ceases to amaze me ... 
feels that she is almost ready for finals . All my hard work this semester is paying off . Theory , Aural Training , Creative Writing , and Growth & Development will be fine . I still need to practice for Piano , Woodwinds , vocal juries , and Music History will take as much studying as always , but I got this ... I just might be spending a lot more time at Brenneman . Overall , I should be able to pull a 3.5 . 
I guess i should have known better than to think anything had changed . Why do I even try to talk to you . Its hard to be friends after that . No wonder we're both alone . 
Officially withdraws her earlier comment and says that @aj lacefield is a wonderful addition to heidelberg . I Miss you . <3 
So theory was cancelled , and piano will be self-practice , so no quizzes today ... I know someone who will be very excited . 
Growth and Development , Piano , Lessons , Woodwinds , Choir , Aural Training , Creative Writing , Music History , then THANKSGIVING BREAKKKKK !!! 
A friend is one who believes in you when you have ceased to believe in yourself- the person who knows the song in your heart and sings it back to you when you have forgotten the words ... 
Oh my GOD ! You freaking cradlerobber !!! She is only fifteen and you are way past drinking age ... and you know what's sad ? This is the SECOND one you've statutory raped ! You are a disgusting pervert , and I have lost all respect for you . 
is focusing on finals now . Drama is on the back burner , and if i have my way about it , it won't be on the stove at all . Not something I give a crap about right now . 
is done until tuesday . Except Messiah . 
headed to brenne , then a few errands if i can get my car going ... 
has a b- in woodwinds . Did not see that coming . Is there an instrument < PROPFEMALE > that grants better grades than you deserve ? 
only has 1 grade posted so far . :( come on professors , i did your homework . 
sees darkness on the horizon . Brace yourselves , lads . Its going to be a bumpy ride . 
has rekindled her deep and intense love of lord of the rings ... oh frodo , why have I forsaken thee ? Nerd alert , but I don't care :: happy dance :: someday i'll upgrade my vhs recordings of the movies to DVD . Im on the last chapter of my 5th reading of the trilogy ... every time i see something i didnt notice . 
Dear Americans , I'm sorry , did you just insult us ? I couldn't hear you over my health care benefits . Sincerely , Canadians 
\The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being . Her heart withers if it does not answer another heart . Her mind shrinks away if she hears only the echoes of her own thoughts and finds no inspiration . \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
just got < PROPMALE>'s Divine Comedy for my Kyros !!! 
So .. the pain is down to a constant ache in my jaw and a slight throbbing in my < PROPFEMALE > . I can now speak and eat mashed potatoes . Another milestone :) Reading Hunchback of Notre Dame ( original version by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) . Yay ! 
You and I wake up in jail together . In ONLY 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste so that I can respond ... 
MY FACE DOESN'T HURT !!!!! much 
is now OFFICIALLY moved in . 
I ain't missing you . \ 
I can lie to myself . 
I am now using facebook in latin ... and I know what it says . sweet . 
somehow managed to finish Principles of Teaching AND History today . Got to finish my essay before bed , no problem . See you all tomorrow ! 
is slowly sinking into madness . 
Dear you , \ 
So ... you're cute , and you should talk to me more . \ 
<3 < PROPFEMALE > 
Is alone and sleepy ... I hate being lonely , and I'm not just talking about tonight . 
Is tired ... just tired . 
Wants her computer back 
Facebook is gettin oregon trail and < PROPFIRST > sandiego !!!!!!!! Take that frontierville !!!! 
Il est venu < PROPFEMALE > temps des cathédra < PROPFEMALE > s\ 
< PROPFEMALE > monde est entré\ 
Dans < PROPFEMALE > nouveau millénaire\ 
L'homme a voulu monter vers < PROPFEMALE > s étoi < PROPFEMALE > s\ 
Ecrire son histoire\ 
Dans < PROPFEMALE > verre ou dans la < PROPMALE > 
< PROPMALE > petites choses toujours viennent à bout des grandes\ 
Et la littérature tuera l'architecture\ 
< PROPMALE > livres des éco < PROPMALE > tueront < PROPMALE > cathédra < PROPMALE > \ 
La Bib < PROPFEMALE > tuera l'Eglise et l'homme sera Dieu\ 
Ceci tuera cela\ 
Des bateaux sont partis déjà sur l'océan\ 
Pour y chercher la porte de la route des Indes\ 
< PROPMALE > va réécrire < PROPFEMALE > Nouveau Testament\ 
Et nous sommes à l'aube d'un monde qui se scinde\ 
Ceci tuera cela 
In hell , all the toys require assembly , and batteries are never included ... 
Just played runescape with the little sister . You know what ? It may be nerdy , but it sure was more fun than whatever you did tonight . :) 
just wants to be accepted guys . Thats all . Can't anyone understand me and not treat me like an idiot or an ass ? Or an outcast ? 
Well , between the room being 90 degrees , the tv flashing strobe lights and playing rock music , and that stupid cell phone chiming every five minutes ... looks like I'm not sleeping again tonight . And people get annoyed with me for sleeping all day . I guess I need to get used to not having an opinion ... no one cares about it anyway . 
is done playing nice . All year , I've compromised and compromised . All year , I've adapted to other people's needs to avoid drama , while everyone else ignored my opinions , and made fun of the way I am . I'm done with that . Now its the < PROPFEMALE > show . I am who I am . Like it or go away . I'm over it . 
Sigh ... Mozart makes everything better :) All I need now is choir and a good night's sleep and I may be able to regenerate my soul . 
... you make my dopamine levels go all silly . :D 
it is impossible to love and be wise ... 
