finally has good internet 

w/e 
i took too many quizzes 
hell im out 
i have too much time on my hands 
take my quiz 
First quiz i made was best take that one 
the world is a small place 
nothing 
i am like a f**king horse ... haha ( its true 
waiting ................. 
its now 1039 ... 39 minutes too long for me to wait 
someone text me 
Calling out to all trumpets in the BHS marching band . Apparently the saxes think that they are the shit . ehhem ... SANGHO YOM 
being ignored by ____ ! 
IS OUT FOR THE NIGHT . TRUMPETS SAX'S PERCUSSION i surrender . we all win . LATES Y'ALL AIIGHT 
2+2 =3 ,,,, thats how tired i am 
If you know it won't happen should you even think about it ? If you think it won't happen do you give it the benefit of the doubt ? How long till you can ask ? Should there even be a question ? I don't know , do you ? 
Whenever I find something good , how come it never finds me back ? 
Women are like boxes of chocolate , some are nice and sweet , some make you feel like crap , and some manage to do both 
Life is also like a box of chocolates , sometimes it can taste like crap ... 
What can I say , other than goodnight and goodriddance to another day of my life 
text me -- boredd 
sooo white people go out for sushi on their 16th and people from < PROPFEMALE > come to disneyland 
no hw - i can go to bed < PROPFEMALE > day tomorrow !!! 1 
i get faster responses from people who are offline than those who are online >.> 
There's nothing on my mind . 
Why is everyone sick this week ? 
iPod updates take foreverrr 
You have now left California >.> Hello < PROPFEMALE > 
zzzzzzzZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzz 
phillies . end of story . 
6 hours of band and then a parade 
Today , in french , we switched seats . I am now sitting next to < PROPFEMALE > . WTF !?!?! FML . 
Women can not be trusted \.\" ( period ) " 
Women can not be trusted and men are idiots . 
I come on , she goes off . 
sucky internet sucks 
To the world you may be just another girl , but to me you are the world . 
I've always loved you , it just took me till now to realize it 
I want you because I couldn't have you , I couldn't have you because I waited too long , I waited too long for fear of rejection , I feared rejection because of how much I wanted you 
Got my permit 
says hi ... and bye 
new profile picture :P 
Doesn't have to get up at 6 for school tomorrow :) 
hopes everyone is enjoying school and studying insanely hard for their AP tests while i am goofing off all day in washington 
morning everyone 
Story of a Lonely Guy 
>.> mobile fb fails 
If you like this status I will understand how your news feed is being flooded with I like you becauses 
Did you know you can google maps Area 51 ? 
dislikes liking peoples statuses and not getting a like back :'( :) 
I think people should like status ' because they like them , not to boost their self-confidence ... 
Packed up and ready to go . Washington here I come .... 
No longer living in my house . Currently homeless living in a hotel :( .............. :) 
Bye bye everyone 
is now officially living in Washington . Goodbye California ! and everyone in it <3 :'( 
FINALLY HAS INTERNET !!!! 
16 
? ? ? ? ? ° ? ?? ? ? ? 
why does everyone go offline AT THE SAME TIME 
is not celebrationg the 4th of july tomorrow 
so bored 
< PROPFIRST > Clemens and < PROPFEMALE > Tomich need to get on facebook . 
Congrats to all those ( nerds ) who got 5's on their AP tests :) 
Dammit Germany 
If you like this status I'll post on your \ 
wall something I like , dislike , confession and first impresison if i remember it . ( sometime in the next like 5 days ) 
Anyone else notice that the octopus chooses the box closest to it ? That makes the box chooser the oracle not the octopus .... 
Why am I still awake ? 
Netherlands > Spain 
Imagine having a spelling < PROPFEMALE > of names . Spell Xavi - chavi 
WTF heitinga 
:( 
I know I'm in BC when there are 5 deer on the property 
so who sent me 1 , just one question on formspring ?? i mean really , make me get on for nothing ? 
They should not be allowed to call that The Karate Kid .... maybe the kid that learned karate but no . sad excuse of a redone movie . not that was bad , but the original was so so much better 
I'm a single man would you be my exception tonight ? 
Somehow has mono AND Strep .... w t f :( 
Love how people are on Facebook at 2 in the morn 
Back after a month in BBC :) 
Band camp tomorrow ... Get to memorize a whole new flip folder . Hopefully some music is the same .......... 
Moving to WA means I can't ask Her out ; tell her how much she means to me ; tell HER how clueless she is and tell everyone else thank you , so thank you for all the times and memories . :) 
Today was Band Camp for Schmucks .... I miss the \Smart Kid School\ " and In the Stone is the 1/2 time show ... .......................................... " 
Someone text me and lets talk 
See previous status . 
Need someone to chat with so bored and I don't know anyone up here :( text me 
From the moment I met you , all those years ago , not a day has gone by that I haven't thought of you . 
Sitting at the DOL bored as heck to take my WA written test . 
So bored I'm starting to look forward to school 
If you always expect the unexpected then you stop expecting the expected , making the expected unexpected . 
Its 10:30 and I'm tired ???? School must be coming >.> 
Moving ruins everything 
School tomorrow ahhhhhhhhhhhh ... Crap . 
I really don't mind what happens now and then , as long as you'll be my friend in the end . 
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return . 
Love lifts us up where we belong ; where the eagles fly , on a mountain high 
You never know what you had till it's gone , even if it was right in front of your eyes . 
Why does my heart cry , feelings I can't fight 
What hurts the most , was being so close , an having so much to say , and watching you walk away . Never knowing , what could have been , and not seeing that loving you , is what I was trying to do . 
Slept from 230-7 can't sleep now 
I have what some can only dream of , yet I feel as if I have nothing . 
Congrats to all you beckman bandos who finally got sweepstakes :) 
10:10 on 10/10/10 
No school till 1:20 . Thank you PSAT . 
Inbox only blah blah blah ask me something you've always wanted to blah blah blah stays between us blah blah post this as your status too blah blah blah 
Previous update was supposed to be a joke from which the second party apparently couldn't understand 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > if you are on one more random app of mine ....... 
Hey this is an IMPORTANT message to all the IMPORTANT people in my life . I need to know which group of dates would be the best time to fly down and be able to see you all so here they are : December 18-23/4 February 18/19-25 or April 2-10 please let me know 
solar flare images on google images = awesome 
How ' bout baby we make a promise \ 
And not promise anything more than one night ? \ 
Complicated situations only get worse in the morning light\ 
Hey , I'm just looking for a good time 
Looking back , I have this to regret , that too often when I loved , I did not say so . 
Getting dark at 4:30 is really going to mess with my sleep 
Has successfully made the transition back from Halo Reach to Call of Duty Black Ops 
What parade is today ???? 
Sometimes , I need someone to say you'll be alright , what's on your mind\ 
Sometimes , I miss knowing someones there for me 
When you get lonely if no one's around\ 
You know that I'll catch you when you're falling down 
GD physics 
If anyone spoils HP over Facebook I will hunt them down . No joke 
< PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 : Too hyped up . 2 1/2 hours of disappointment 
< PROPFIRST > Bissell & < PROPFEMALE > Birdsell get on 
Why do people do things like abbkabgjekabgkjebngkjsbgkjebgklabskjgbeskgbs\ 
this 
Don't think I've done a single thing right in my life so far 
One of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love , love someone else 
She's everything I ask for and so much more . 
Never had nuthin ' ' cept you ; I ain't seen nobody , ain't knowed nobody , Ain't loved nobody , that's true . \ 
But if you'll love me , I'll love you , If you want money though , I won't do , ' Cause I ain't go nuthin ' , I never had nuthin ' , Don't want nuthin ' , ' cept you . 
She had the most amazing smile 
There are a lot of girls up here , but none of them are you ? 
I hate barely having internet and cell phone reception ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to those who celebrate ! Happy 25th of December to those who don't :) 
When you're a teenager and you're in love , it's obvious to everyone but you and the person you're in love with . 
Just know , I'll always be there for you 
You make me smile 
So , how was Winter Formal ?? 
Our generation needs to learn ballroom dancing . 
Love is a many splendid thing 
If i get a 55% on my physics final , my grade will actually go up hahaha 
I hate Mondays at school , but to be home and have to study is much worse . 
There used to be a real me , but I had it surgically removed . 
Why do girls very rarely start the conversations 
was going to post something meaningful but forgot what it was . 
Totally just beat Starfox64 with Peppy Slippy AND Falco alive . 
A picture paints a thousand words , but it’s still not enough for how I feel about you 
Haha Beckman finals this week ! Have fun !!! :P 
The perfect girl , the girl of my dreams , is you because love is not about finding the perfect person , but about seeing that person perfectly . Although , you are just about perfect . 
I'll never forget that night when it was just you and me , where everything seemed perfect , when I wanted to stop time and live in that moment forever . 
You make each day worth living . 
Nothing like a 4 hour nap after school 
If I had one hour to do whatever with whoever , I would spend it with you to talk and figure things out , and fix all that's been broken . 
12 days till I see everyone back in socal !!!!! 
Soooooo college night was pretty boring 
What I want is what I've not got , but what I need is all around me 
It's always interesting when people who don't know me , hate me 
Happy Singles Awareness Day ... Just kidding\ 
It sucks 
So my phone is officially broken . If you need to reach me text me at 1-503-446-5357 ( with your name since I don't have contacts ) and I'll reply when I get wifi 
3 days ! 
In 2 days and 1 hour I will be in Orange County 
Had to replace my phone , got the iPhone so i can text now but i need your < PROPFIRST > ... so send me a text with your name or post it on my event please and thank you :) 
Totally forgot Beckman didn't have school today 
At sea-tac waiting to fly into Cal !!!!! 
How do you sign past/future tenses ?? 
At the airport about to leave California :( bye 
Back in dumb ol ' Washington 
Why couldn't we have had this snow on a school day 
I wish Pokémon were real .... 
Story of a lonely guy : girls possess me but they're never mine . 
I hate calculus 
So who else is taking the SAT tomorrow 
Well the SAT was boring 
I don't wanna just make love , I wanna make love last 
73 minutes of school tomorrow . 
I rank #1 at Beckman . Be jealous 
Out of school , now what to do 
Is every compliment taken as flirting ??? 
Forget the past , because people change . Live in the now , and don't always make choices based on past reflections . Life is about making mistakes , and finding ways to enjoy the outcomes 
Everything is so quiet at 3 
' Cause it's you and me and all of the people with nothing to do , nothing to lose \ 
And it's you and me and all other people\ 
And I don't know why , I can't keep my eyes off of you 
This week needs to be over already 
For those of you who haven't found out firsthand , Crysis 2 is amazing 
The term ' poke war ' seems so hostile/unfriendly . I think I shall call it cyber tickling . 
Hello Spring Break , Canada here I come 
It's Sadies tonight ?? I never would have known without the 500 status updates about it !! 
In Canada - intentional rates & crap so dont text me . Thanks :) 
