HAPPY NEW YEARS !!!!!!!! Its 2010 ... so what are you going to do with it ??? 

still lookin for a job ... anyone got one for me ??? 
going to PLAY tomorrow , come along ! 
...? 
this stupid thing always asks \whats on your mind ? \ " phf as if it really cared ... " 
Go check out this web site : katsholidays.worldventures.biz 
so now i know the roles in my head have been reversed there is nothing i can do to change the sitch 
does anyone know where i can get a job ?? 
i'm still lookin for a job , any ideas ??? 
truth or dare ? 
does anyone else feel that there is some sort of impending doom about to fall upon them ? 
hey all , my little sister < PROPFEMALE > isn't doing so good right now . would u do me a favor and pray for her ? please 
snow snow snow ... everywhere is snow !!!!!! 
lost in the whorl winds of my mind 
contemplating 
I'm getting married June 8 , 2011 !!! 
wedding plans on hold ... gotta get a J.O.B. lol any ideas ??? 
I'm getting married on the 24th !!!! :) 
We're protesting BP gas ! they need to clean up the oil spill and save our earth !!! 
made an epic dinner tonight spicy chicken and rice , almost an asian style ... idk all i know is that its yuuummmmmmmy yummy ! 
Little < PROPFIRST > is amazing 
Lookin for a job ... anyone hiring ??? 
I FINALLY HAVE INTERNET AGAIN !!!! WOO HOO !!! 
what the fuck ??? everything that comes flying outta my mouth today has pissed him off ... look out world here comes my mouth !!! 
life never changes , day in day out , its always the same ... God i could kill for some excitement or at least a change ... 
\ ... Fascination casts a spell and you became more then just a mystery And I think about you all the time Is this fate is it my < PROPFEMALE > And I think about you all the time I no longer pretend to have my hands on the wheel because I feel the magic all around you It's bringin me to my knees Like a wannabe I've gotta be chained to you ... \"" 
my dog , < PROPMALE > , died today . he had been struggling with a heart murmur for a little while . 
I wish I had piece , joy , happiness , patients , friends . A tranquil temper . Didn't get offended so easily . Didn't snap so much . An easy going attitude . A job to support me , a car to < PROPFEMALE > me . The right direction . A focus . A purpose ... 
PLAY ! SUNDAY ! BE THERE !! 
PARTY TIME !!!!!!! 
silence ... oh how sweet a word 
... love the way you lie ... 
Daddy < PROPFIRST > went home this morning , He went quietly and quickly , I'm very glad he will never have to feel pain again 
funeral for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Sr. is Monday at 2pm , everyone is invited 
... 
life's not fair , is it ? 
car accident ... hospital for 5+ hours ... so not even cool 
numb ... that is the feeling ... just numb 
PLAY TOMORROW !!!! COME JOIN THE PARTY !!! 
saturdays were not made for waking up at 6 am . 
hey everyone change your profile picture to a cartoon character to support the awareness of child abuse ! 
so both female and male deer grow antlers in the summer , males drops theirs early winter where as females drop their late spring . Therefore , according to all stories describing < PROPFEMALE>'s reindeer , EVERY single one of them had to be a girl . Should've known ONLY women would be able to drag a fat man in a red suit all around the world in one night and not get lost !!! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!! 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't just post a word & not copy .... That's no fun ! 
ok I know everyone must have heard this by now so i thought i'd clear up some confusion about the dates for the \new\ " horoscopes which are as follows :\ 
the light in the darkness is calling my name , it is faint and distant and yet i can never seem to drown it out . slowly , coming from the darkest part of my mind , the unavoidable seems to consume me . gasping for air , i fall deeper . all around me no one is aware . i must not give in ... i must not give in ... i can't .... 
i'm outta coffee creamer :( such a sad sad day 
when the voices in your head start contradicting each other then its time to get out !!! -Mad Hatter 
sometimes it really surprises me how wrapped up i get over stupid crap , i so wanna throw some punches , scream and cry all at the same time and yet i do nothing . its just total bull ... why can't i let it all out ? why can't i let it go ? any ideas ? 
to whom it may concern : i have left < PROPFIRST > , moved out of the apartment and moved back in with my parents . 
i NEED to get out of TN !!! any ideas ? 
going to PLAY tonight ! should be fun 
