found four Moonshadow chips in a box , this weekend ... I wonder if I can still use them ... 

is doing reading for this week's class ... sigh . When will the homework end ?? 
is not feeling well ... and , on his day off , too ! :( 
Is baking banana walnut bread . 
is writing questionnaire questions ... which is not nearly as easy as it might sound ... 
Wonders if his 10+ hour workday will end * before * his 7:00 class starts ... 
wonders why he's still in school , a ) at the age of 35 , and b ) in the middle of the summer ... 
is sad ... his netbook stopped working last night , and he doesn't know what to do ! :( 
CONTINUES to wonder why he's spending his time in Vermont writing term papers for classes ... But , at least he ( finally ) got his data . 
apologizes for the slow email response ... he's still writing papers ... damnit . 
finished both damn papers ... whatever will I do with a week off from classes ? :) 
Just submitted his 4th retention packet ... one more to go , then it's tenure-time , baby ! 
is doing laundry and enjoying a beer . Mmm . 
is sick . Damnit . Last trip to VT was spent on homework ... this one is all about blowing my nose and lying in bed ! 
Two days and counting ... then Hawaiian beaches ... 
is hoping to finish a few things before it's time to leave for my trip ! 
Aloha !! 
Per your request ... Having fun ! :) Getting ready to head back to the chilly mainland on Friday/Saturday . :( 
is about to leave paradise ... sigh ... I just hope it's not snowing in NJ , yet ... 
wants to know who , out there , twitters ... tweets ...? 
is finally done with his Fall class ! Two more to go until graduation time ! 
is getting comfy with the family , and starting the early Christmas festivities ! :) 
Is slow ... ly ... wind ... ing ... down for the day ... 
just bought a pair of new cowboy boots ! 
SNOW DAY !!! 
is starting a new chain ... 
: A new chain has been forged ... amen . 
I don't mean to sound ungrateful , but ... ANOTHER snow day ? I have stuff to do ! 
enjoyed sitting in the parking lot at work .. for 2.5 hours ... last night , waiting for AAA ... 
Is spending yet another night working on tutorials ... such is the life of an aspiring instructional designer ... 
raises a toast to the Killarys and all of the other < PROPFEMALE > ancestors before them ! 
continues to struggle with video tutorials ... Isn't Captivate supposed to make this easier ?? 
would like to stop making tutorials , thank you very much . 
23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA & 17,000 in IL . New Jersey & FL are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries as well . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers , copy & paste this to your status . 
is on to something new . New duds , I think ... after a very productive furlough day ... ( don't worry ... I didn't check my work email at all ! ) 
just finished the ( hopefully ) last edits and just has to put together his Abstract ! ( and some last minute technical edits , of course ... ) ! Hooray ! 
sent off his INSDSG690 project today ! Hooray ! 
Opened his NJ tax ' return ' only to find out that they screwed up and want me to pay . How did they screw up ? Apparently I've been receiving alimony for the past year , equivalent ( exactly ) to my earnings at work . What a coincidence ... 
: A new chain is forged . I've been a slacker the past few weeks . Feels good to get back on track ! 
is headed into the city today to see < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and the kids ! Hooray ! 
had a great time seeing < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and the kids , yesterday . And I even remembered to say \hi\ " for < PROPMALE > ! :) " 
' s back hurts ... Anyone know a good masseuse in NNJ ? 
Thinks that early morning exercise should be banned ... 
is getting ready to ' Commence ' tomorrow . 
loves VT and free WiFi on I-89 ! 
realized that his status is outdated , and needs to be changed . 
is thinking that a new picture is in order ... I mean , really ... I'm not ' officially ' graduated yet , after all . 
found out that he's been accepted to present as part of a panel discussion at Reference Renaissance in < PROPMALE > ( Aug . 8-10 ) . Anybody in the area want to play tour guide ? Any suggestions as to what to do ? 
had a blast at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s , this afternoon ! 
Just got my DROID ! 
got his hoe down , last night ! Thanks for the dancing , food and especially , the hurricanes , guys ! :) 
Back from Provincetown ... Glad to be back , but kinda wishing I was still on vacation . 
Howdy from < PROPMALE > ! 
Has trekked across most of downtown < PROPMALE > in the last 24 hours . Raining now so it looks like I may stay in tonight . Ahhhh ... 
... a new chain is forged . Had my first PT session today and got the OK to start exercising again ! Ah ... 
Is officially DONE with his M . Ed . coursework ... Now , just waiting for grades to be posted . Ah ... 
has discovered that he much prefers reading to writing ... 
Tenure , here I come ...? 
RAIN !!! 
Day off . Partial cable . Ugh . 
zzzzz ... 
Boo . 
Thursday is the new Friday . 
Just spent the afternoon doing paperwork ... what a way to enjoy VT ... :) 
Is waiting for < PROPMALE > Potter to start ! 
Watched Avatar and Shutter Island this weekend ... Avatar ? As good as everyone said ... Shutter Island ? Disappointing ... 
Just walked through ice and rain from Jersey City to Hoboken ... cold and wet ... but LOVING my yaktrax ! 
I'm only part < PROPFEMALE > , but I'm < PROPFEMALE > enough . :) 
Headed south this weekend for CIL2011 ! 
CIL2011 
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2dll8_drunk-powerpoint-presentation_fun 
is all packed and ready to get on that cruise ship ! 
The local wildlife just turned out to welcome us to < PROPFEMALE > Florida ! Not sure what we're doing today but the weather's amazing ! 
Hi everyone ! Rather than try to reply to all of your wonderful birthday wishes , I'm sending out a mass ' thank you'! It was a great day , and a good start to my 37 ... um ... 32nd year . :) 
Packing and painting ... bad paint ... I'm soooooo looking forward to this move and being able to unpack and settle in . 
1 more day ... 
All moved . Photos to follow ... :) 
Almost 1 week in the new place ... the boxes are slowly disappearing , but there seems to be an endless list of little things that we need ... blah ! 
Feedback from a class I taught last year : \Tony Joachim is a nice fellow and a sharp dresser . \"" 
< PROPMALE > . Potter . IMAX . 3D . 
You know , I learned today that the Virtual Bookshelf app is going away , and started moving myself over to GoodReads ... After adding about 10 people by their Wall , I figured it'd be easier to just let people add ME if they're interested in seeing what I'm reading . :) 
Had a great time at the Montclair < PROPMALE > Museum with < PROPFIRST > Andrews ! 
Prepping for tomorrow night's class with a custom cocktail by < PROPFIRST > Andrews ... what a life ! :) 
Actually heard someone say ' daggummit ' this morning ... 
Howdy from Branson , MO . Having a blast and spending some cash . :-) 
Had a great weekend traveling between Arkansas and Missouri and back again with < PROPFIRST > and his family . :-) 
I can't believe that it's been a whole year already ! Happy anniversary , < PROPFIRST > ! I'm looking forward to many more with you . I love you , baby ! 
