my internet is down so this is a brief message to say hey to everyone ! Hey ! 

I need my internet back ! 
Am I getting old if my Dr. tells me I have bursitis ? 
hmm ...... looks like we are in for a week of pb and j and < PROPMALE > and cheese 
I have become a Super poke pet addict . Please tell me there are treatment facilities for this ! 
< PROPFIRST > Wolf 
Car Dealers are related to the Borg ....... resistance is futile . 
I love my new Honda Fit ! 
I need help I am unable to unmeld myself from the keyboard and superpoke pets ! 
I am so lazy 
WOW ! thanks for the hearts . Now where should I put them ? 
I am so excited about going to Charlston to the Coastal County fair this weekend with my sister and her family ! yippy ! Funnel cakes here I come . 
Banks are evil . I am keeping my money under the mattress . Oops , did I say that out loud ? 
Well we are still going to Charleston but not the fair . One outta 2 aint bad ! 
What's on your mind ? Let's see how many people on FB aren't ashamed to show their love for God . We need to get God back in our lives . If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status ; I just did ! 
cooking the turkey looms large 
SPP is miserably slow and getting worse for me . I am trying to play with everyone but it keeps freezing . 
SPP is soooooo0 slow 
I have no christmas spirit 
BAH HUMBUG ! 
IF anyone from ST Giles even cares just thought I would say hello to all . 
One by one the kittehs are stealing my sanity 
My boy < PROPMALE > is back in mental health for holidays . I am hurting so much . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
slide better stop updating before the new petshop items come out or else ! 
ATTENTION ALL SUPER POKE PET FRIENDS . I am so sorry I have not played regularly . My son < PROPMALE > is still in pediatric psychiatric < PROPMALE > so I am very overwelmed not mention it takes a year to get thru my friend list beacause of crashes . Thanks for your < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Would you eat the < PROPFEMALE > if it were made of spare ribs ? 
Finally on the mend ! Now that is the way to start off the new year . Love to all this new year . May 2011 be a year of blessings to everyone ! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes . I got a whopping migraine for my birthday which is still lingering and a bank error ! 
snow 
TO ALL MY BROTHERS AND SISTERS AT ST . GILES I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU 
SPP PLAYERS UNITE ! White Out on 01/12/10 ! No play from noon till midnight and put up in an empty winter habbie with a black ribbon to display your support for change in SPP . 
BAM ! 
size 5 :( 
I can't stop sleeping . 
How hard can it be for < PROPMALE > to sleep in his bed ? It is much more comfortable than the floor ! 
My internet is down so I really am not ignoring you ! 
Apparently mixing rotel tomatoes and velveeta does make a tasty nacho cheese sauce . 
I can not wait for warm weather . I am powered by the sun you know . 
On briefly , still no net . May God smile upon me and one day again bestow the wonder that is the world wide web . < PROPFEMALE > Hill you are my idol ! 
< PROPMALE > has informed me that he wants to go fishing . Looks like I better pull out the tackle . 
Enjoyed the hail storm . < PROPMALE > panicked and bit Conway on the arm . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > was screaming where's the tornado ! 
Warm weather , yeah ! 
My blue egg is not cracking 
< PROPMALE > wants me too make boiled shrimp and hush puppies this coming week for dinner ! 
God is so Darn Awesome 
I love you ABBA ! 
Lord see the cry of my heart and hear my prayer . Lord < PROPMALE > me the serenity to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference . 
I have lost 10 pounds . I am so happy 
I was on the internet with < PROPMALE > looking at toys from the 70's showing him the Dressy Bessy mom played with when she was little and he informed me that toys from the 70's are a bit scary looking ! 
Internet hog and proud of it ! 
< PROPMALE > wants me to hit him right now . He says its clear that I hate him . Another typical day with childhood mental illness 
The pool is open . I will never hear the end of it from < PROPMALE > now ! I better buy lots of sun block ! 
Just enjoyed some old fire marshal < PROPMALE > skits ! 
If I said my hair was on fire would anyone care ? 
I can not believe I am threatening to ignite my hair in flames and no one seems to care but my husband and maybe < PROPFIRST > . Something tells me < PROPFIRST > has more of a morbid curiosity . 
OK , I have put the matches up . Gee ! 
My bedroom is turning into an annex of the comic book store . What's next , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in the corner ? 
Great day today at the pool and then a cookout on our new grill . We got our first large gas grill . < PROPFIRST > calls it his big boy grill ! I should have taken a picture of him out there all proud , turning burgers . 
So lazy and sluggish today ........... must move .......... 
What an enjoyable pm ! Went to the farmers market . Took < PROPFIRST > Jr to Blacksheep skate shop for his first pair of skate sneakers and a new grip for his board and then drove over to the public skateboard park . We were informed we would have to sign and notarize a death and injury waver for him to skate there ! I am rethinking this now !!! 
So much for swimming at the pool and a cookout today . 
Slip sliding away .......... 
Evil , evil psoriatic arthritis . My back just gave out . The pain ! 
is feeling good ! 
I have now lost a total of 15 pounds !!!!!!!!! 
Well , for my summer fun I get too start injecting myself with Enbrel . The perks of Psoriatic arthritis ! Don't you wish you had it ! 
Schools out now what ? 
Spent the day at the pool today . < PROPMALE > only lasted an hour . Hollar if you want to come swimming ! 
My fish world keeps crashing :( 
Cleaned my whole bedroom today . Life is good . 
Well looks like we are not going to DC this summer and I am very sad . I just hope we can make it at all . I need to win the lottery ! 
Just took an evening dip in the pool to drowned my sorrows . I don't understand . They are still there . 
calling all SPPers I need playdayes for this quest please . I just played with everybody . 
I am enjoying the sound life happening all around me as I sit on my bed . 
Just treated the cats with frontline . We knew it was time when we started finding flea crop circles on our skin . Could they be mystic fleas sending messages . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > had a perfect triangle on his foot . 
What a great day today . We supported our local at the Farmers market and then had a blast at Conway and < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party . Nothing like a nice and easy \ 
Saturday . 
Enjoying peace and quiet . < PROPMALE > is at his < PROPFEMALE > & Popetes house . Thank you mother . 
Clean kids room top to bottom and their closet today . It has been a red letter day ! 
Today is my first born son's birthday . I treasure this day because I was told I may never have kids and I almost died to have him but God knew better . Now I get to celebrate < PROPFIRST > morgans 15th birthday . Happy Birthday my boy . I adore you so passionately . 
Some young know it all at the pool tried to tell me how to deal with my special needs child w/PDD NOS who was having a melt down . How do you say was she able to think she could do this ? Her answer ....... I am a NANNY ! Well to the young know it all nanny in the bikini at the pool , you haven't got a clue till you walk a mile in my shoes . 
Had an awesome weekend except for the nanny ! Conway we miss you already and glad you came to stay for the weekend . So much for the babaganoosh ! 
3 more pounds lost ! a total of 20 now ! All thru good eating and common sense ! Also swimming a Lot of laps ! 
I just want a brownie ! Is it that hard to do ? 
It has come to my attention , thru another friends joining a porno group resulting in a picture on my wall of 2 women in a shall we say compromising position , that facebook allows pornography . I feel very violated . Oh great my 15 year old son has an account on here . I need to take action ! 
I love hash browns 
Cake is good too 
I am off to swim my laps now . 
My favorite quote of the day from < PROPMALE > at the store as he was getting out of sorts toward the end of our shopping , \lets leave these suckers . \"" 
Another great weekend . Keep em commin ' 
Why am I up at 5 am ready to start my day ? 
I just enjoyed the most satisfying walk by myself in my one of my favorite places . I like me ! 
I have run out of mafia wars friend requests ! Sorry ! 
I am obsessed with my mafia ! 
I am out of Mafia friend requests 
Where are my Profile boxes ? 
HMM ! 29 member's for Calebs cause and I have 294 friends . What is wrong with this picture ? 
At midnight last night our boy < PROPMALE > was rushed into the mental health hospital and is waiting for a bed . Intensive Home Therapy has been pushing him to go farther with his coping skills but < PROPMALE > had to eventually come to the end of what he can truly handle . Yesterday was that day . < PROPMALE > himself came to me and said \I am losing my grasp . \"" 
PT2 ---- After 2 weeks of downward spiral he was just too suicidal and overloaded with inner turmoil . A child can only cry so much before he is worn out . Autism and mental illness had their way . he may not be coming home this time . Therapeutic < PROPMALE > home is the next step . Our pain is unimaginable but we have to keep on going one day one minute at a time . 
Sorry to reprint the cause bulletin but I want nonmembers to get the update too . 
< PROPFIRST > Reynolds as deadpool , awesome ! 
Our precious little boy had to spend the night at CMC for Lithium poisoning and now has been made a < PROPMALE > of the state and shipped to Greensboro NC to a mental health center there . 
< PROPMALE > looked good , all things considered , during our visit . He cried when we left . :( \ 
We are staying in a wonderful old bed and breakfast . Very peaceful . 
2 1/2 more Hours and I get to see my boy again !!!!!!!!! 
Back home and broke ! 
Mafia wars energy refill rates stink ! 
I am so lazy that my hair looks like a birds nest today ! 
< PROPMALE > is home !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Went to by < PROPMALE > school shoes today . His choice , a pair of black converse high tops . 
Snoochie Boochies ! 
Must beat the feds ! 
Thought for the day-----There's about a tenth of a gram of poop in the average pair of underwear 
Somebody please tell me there is more to life than this . 
I have carried a child within my body ..... I have comforted a baby upon my chest ..... I have loved a child with all my heart .... My body is not magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a mother , and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a mommy !???? 
< PROPMALE > is refusing to go to school tomorrow . This could be a long 24 hours . 
The first day of school went off without a hitch ! 
I want to dance at the feet of my Lord and my Savior with passion and delight . 
So much for a good weekend . < PROPMALE > is getting sick with a very sore throat . 
Had a great evening at the < PROPFEMALE > Knights Baseball game with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , my parents and my niece and nephew ! Fireworks afterwards . Life is good sometimes . 
I love my Family so much . A wonderful Mom and Dad , A silly Sister and Brother in law and an adorable niece and nephew . We had a great time yesterday visiting and cooking out . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > said it was his favorite weekend n a long time ! And yes Mother you will be remembered for many precious things and leave a legacy of good memories and lessons ! I love you and Daddy passionately ! 
Sushi would be so perfect right about now . 
On Christ the soild rock I stand . All other ground is sinking sand . 
I have been on a hiatus from Facebook . Needed a break from this place ! Now I have returned . Did you miss me ? 
Hello friends and family . Hope your fall is a pleasant one . Please join our cause for < PROPMALE > and support him if you haven't already . 
Nice nice weekend I am having . I hope everyone else is doing the same . I love Fall ! 
Hello 
Getting excited about turkey day ! < PROPMALE>'s birthday is Dec 3rd . Our precious Aspie will be 10 years old . He says double digits means he is a preteen ! 
Great thanksgiving for the most part . Now for < PROPMALE>'s birthday on the 3rd . Gonna be tight . 
Perhaps if I said I was going to kill myself then people might notice me 
I am ok ! I have seasonal affective disorder so depression hits hard this time of year . Thanks to all who really do care ! 
I always knew that having lunch buddies would one day come in handy ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > has informed me that he wants an ipod and an electric guitar . OK ! 
We are trying very hard to hold on through the holidays and keep < PROPMALE > out of the Behavioral health children's unit . He is struggling to keep his grip right now . he had a manic episode one day which really was a hard blow . We had downgraded the bipolar diagnosis . < PROPMALE > just cannot handle birthdays and Christmas and I almost feel like just not subjecting him to it sometimes . I know he really wants to . 
I have nothing to say 
Weebles wobble 
Guess what I got for Christmas .......... The Flu ! 
Last night The Flu shared all it has to offer with me . I am not impressed . 
Well the flu was actually pneumonia which I found out today when I went to the hospital . My primary care physician was out on holiday and the Dr. taking his cases was booked ! 
I am off to rest some more and sweat and shake and cough ! 
The birthday girl thanks all her many fans and admirers for her bday wishes . 
Cheesecake and lots of it . 
