Im so unphotogenic look at my picture its sum wite anime < PROPFEMALE > chick 

This college stuff bores and frustates me . 
i need a boo i really do :( 
My sister is a total buttmuncher !!! 
I feel kinda weird right now ... 
I hate chores with a passion especially when my siters get to leave without doing them . 
I see him and he sees me but are we seeing through the same eyes ? What does he see ? 
The weater's bipolor it was rainning but now its compltely < PROPFEMALE > ! WTH !! 
O wth how that get there ? 
its on twice !!! WTH 
WWWAAaaaaaa ..... I hate life 
This College stuff is no joke I have like 30 things to do before the end of the month or my schlorship application get flushed . And Im not even half way done !!!! Arrrrgggg !!!! 
Hes like a < PROPFEMALE > . A beautiful creation but such a pain in the ass . 
I get bored really easily . hmm . I give people permission to raid my house but find it first . 
If anyone can get a decent picture of me then and only then will I post it on my facebook/myspace . 
yay the computer works !! and our tree is the smexyist tree in the whole world . 
Pink champagne . Yum ! Happy new year ! 
Watched inception for the first time . Its kinda sad . 
Went to bed at 5am . Pretty bomb . Woke up 20 minutes ago . 1:45 pm . 
Computer crashed again ... 
What if you saw into the future and what you saw actually happend ? what would you do ? 
Sooo Funny LOOK : Pants on the ground Pants on the ground Lookin like a fool with you pants on the ground Gold in your mouth Hat turned sideways , pants hit the ground Call yourself a cool cat looking like a fool Walking down town With your pants on the ground ! 
I have that omonious feeling right now . Like something bad .. i mean really bad is going to happen . 
Happy yet pissed at the same time . Too much preperation fo college .......... and cramps . 
whaaa it doesnt work !!! 
Everything in this room is edible . Even Im edible , but that my friends is canibalism and is frowned apon in most socities ! 
Sooooo bored today . Can't wait to see all my loving friends ! 
Breast inplants are linked to terrorist activity ?!? WTF whats the world coming to ? 
As a former computer game addict , i just want to say ... I miss those days . 
Sand & sun , Wind & Rain , Trees and plants all look the same . I play and eat , I work and sleep , But in my dreams I call your name . 
Hey world im a ninja-vampire , what now soso 
To touch your face and see your smile . Makes me want to stay awhile . 
Wars are fought over your smiles : ) 
QUICK !!! Think of a nickname for me ! 
IMM FA FA FA FA FREEZING ! 
1 more essay to go ! Ha take that < PROPMALE > ! 
Ngi i love you very much but ....... im going to have to deport you . sorry .. 
My parents think im sleeping , but I'm positively not , for beneath my pile of covers I am doing quite a lot . 
I just watched the time travelers wife guys . It was so sad ... 
Today seemed incredubly lucky for a lot of people . It was an overall good day . 
I think my mom predicted that i was going to come late today ... and now ..... tomarrow the SAT . Wish me luck . 
I cant take my phone to the SAT . Ill most likely be at the mall around 1 . 
I finished the SAT . It wasn't that bad ..... 
Wow . Theres like a million people on . HI EVERYONE ! I LUV YOU !!!! 
My sister saw a pit bull attack a small dog . Shes tramatized . Poor thing . 
What happen to the guy who tried to take a 76 yr old 5th degree black belt's purse .......... He died . 
57 insults in one day ! I take the laptop to my room and she thinks im hiding some boy in my room and that i should think hard about what i am doing ! Which would be ...? Sorry Ngi , YOU ARE GOING BACK TO NIGERIA !!!! 
There seems to be no specific useful information about japanese americans in the census . Why do i always manage to pick the most difficult subjects ? 
HELP ! CANT FIGURE OUT CENSUS DATA FOR JAPANESE AMERICANS . i think im going to cry ! 
Is Finished With her History report ! Wooo Hoooo !!! 
So the new battery i got for my phone is not charging so the battery has died . 
Running through the house singing Who Let the Dogs Out and Single Ladies . Kick off to a great week ! 
You people are all lucky that you don't have two mothers at home . Its a good thing they both have work or else i would die ! 
So sore ... biked 10 < PROPMALE > ... woke up in pain ... On the bright side : IM ON A BOAT ... In 3 hours woohoo 
San < PROPFEMALE > in a day .. YAH RIGHT ! Cant even do Fisherman's Wharf in a day . But I took a boat to frisco and had fun :) 
My phone works now woohoo 
I get to see all my friends tomarrow ! I miss you all so very much . 
Life is like milking a cow . You got to milk it for all its got . Sometimes it can be sour . But its worth it when its oh so sweet . 
Had fun today . Everything is moving so fast . Next year im going to need a new lunch crowd :( 
I dont know about you guys but , im pretty sure grandmas arent suppose to call their grandchildren stupid asses . 
I was wondering maybe , could I make you my baby , if we do the unthinkable would it make us look crazy , or would it be so beautiful , either way im saying if you ask me Im ready ... Love this song lol 
So < PROPFIRST > was vibrating on the bus today and making funny sounds . It was amusing . 
so im at a baby shower for my god sister . A piece of chicken fell on my pants . And my phone refuses to text anyone but does everything else . But having a good time . 
My poor virgin eyes can't take much more . Please put some clothes on ! 
i mean like , ooh my god im < PROPFEMALE > in love i found you finallyy , you make me want to say oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , oh OH MY GOD ! -Usher 
my prettyful hair got all screwed up while sleeping . Now i must flatten it with no flat iron . 
Sniff redbox ran out of Avatar . Now ill never see it . Unless my dad buys it . DADDY COME HOME . MY MOTHERS ARE KILLING ME . 
So i need to learn how to draw better . Guess ill start practicing . 
my mom yelled at me this mourning for not remebering what she emailed me . But come on i went to bed at like 11 and woke up at 3 cant even remeber what i ate yesterday . 
Eating rice then i have to order pizza for my sister that eats even more then < PROPFIRST > . I didnt think that was physically possible til Sunday . Girl ate half the food there . 
I dont know what I did but my neck is killing me . Maybe i shouldnt have climbed that fence ... Anyways anyone want to be a camp cousouler ? Its free ! 
Africans have too much drama . My parents kept me up and now I cant fall asleep . Im going to need coffee in the mournig . 
Everything in this room is edible , even I am edible . But that my friends is canibalism and is frowned upon in most societies . Lol watching < PROPMALE > wonka . 
OMG Avatar was < PROPFEMALE > incredibly epic . I almost cried . 
This is a winter day in nigeria . Lovely huh ... 
Bugs bugs bugs . Just because im african they think they can bite me whenever they want . Im sooo tired . Donteven know what im sayin . 
NO MORE < PROPFEMALE > TESTING EVER ! WOOHOOO YESH ! 
I totally know what i want for my birthday ! A simple bracelet ... And a camera ... And a DS ... And a pokemon game ... And streetfighters 4 ... And final fantasy ... And an ipod ... And Oh nevermind . 
Cookies !!! Sugar high !!! Woooohooooo 
I want to get my ears pierced again ... 
Ive had a headache all day . Maybe it was the cookies ;) . Anyway when my new laptop gets here everything will go much smoother . 
Is 1510 on the SAT good ? 
Does anyone have a power cord for an HP laptop that they don't use ? 
My mother has trapped me & sisters in our house and we're not allowed to eat . If you want to sneak us food just look for the house with the crazy african lady screaming attack at tv . 
Prom sounded like fun . Ill got next year who wants to come with ? 
Yummy , creamy , sticky , white .... And black ice cream ! Yesh 
Im actually doing homework ! I must be sick or something . 
Im I too old to run away from home ? Cuz its sounding pretty good to me right now . 
Drawin a blank right now ... 
If fairfield were cool like san < PROPFEMALE > would it be called the field ? Anyways ice cream is sooooooo good . Mmmmmmm :) 
So people question . Whats the meaning of life and how did we manage to make it so complicated ? 
Cookies , biking and the cupid shuffle . That is what my afternoon consisted of . But i feel hollow , shallow and empty inside . Ha i have way too much thinking time . 
To anyone Ive ever complained to im so sorry . If im anything like my grandma youve been through hell . Thanks for puting up with me . I can be insensitive at times . Sorry for not being more .... Interesting ? I could have been better . 
arrg ... Theres a little person in my tummy going crazy with a golf club . 
Dude the guy who plays < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on burn notice is sooo hot !!! 
My grandma nearly killed my sisters for fake tattoos on their backs . Ha it a good thing i didnt tell her about the real tattoo i plan on getting . 
Most of my cookies were eaten by the local cookie monster today . And yesterday the cookie monster ate my pizza . 
Im going to be completely truthful for 24hrs . You can ask me anything ( only in my inbox ) and I will answer honestly . I dare you to post this as your status and see what you get asked . 
Good news- i have two real best friends . Ive never had one before . Bad news- they both left me . 
My local abominable snow woman changed the weather from ' spring time ' to ' did hell just frezee over ? ' . 
If < PROPFEMALE > had two mothers like mine ... She'd call a cab and hightail it outta there . 
Ate fast food for the first time this year and now i feel bloated . My dad was terrible . He kept crackin fat jokes about the lady at the counter . I dont care how funny they were or how fat she was . Its not nice daddy ! 
Dear ngi conviced that every guy in the world is trying to rape me . I need a car w/ licence soon . 
My sister is cursing everyone out . I keep telling her that you guys can hear her and the computer doesnt work like that ... 
I feel sick . I feel drained . I just might slowly go insane . 
When i close my eyes i see you . Traces the planes of your body . Taste the sweetness of your lips . But when i open them your not there . Where are you ? 
Don't you hate it when you have a million thing spread out for a project , and when your almost done you can't find that little but very important < PROPFIRST > of the project . 
Omg i just had the bestest coconut cake ever . 
Love is a beautiful thing . It comes in many forms . Im lucky to be loved in a few of those forms . 
Soooooo drained . Sooooo sleepy . Unicorns dancing with aliens over rainbows in a toxic waste dump . What a weird ass dream that would be . 
So now according to my little sister ... im turning white guys !! lol uggg is it wrong for me to want to go to school right now ? 
So im going to be killed by my mothers because i did not eat in the traditional african way . Its way to complicated being african american sometimes . 
Yesh , my spanish project taste delicious . Now i have to figure out how not to make them sooo fat ! 
I found my bitth certificate today . I was born at 11:11 pm . Man thats almost the next day ! 
Lakers win !!! Can i get a woop woop ? 
Im boooooorrrreeeed . Text me . 
My senior best friend is leaving me and im not going to see him for forever !!! :'( 
I feel like a fluffy < PROPFEMALE > puppy dog on the inside . :) 
Summer break guys ! Wooohooo ! We are Seniors ! Now we set forth to find those summer jobs . 
I feel .... Rebelious !! ; ) 
If you like this status , I will write something I like about you , make this your status if you want a challenge . 
So i went to a bridal shower yesterday . Sooooo boring . If it wasnt for my cousin and me texting people till like midnight , i would have died . 
I never want to see another dress again . Dress hunting for my uncle's wedding was hell ! 
I really want to all of a sudden but its completely wrong and ... I dont know . Im so confused ! 
I GOT STARBUCKS GUYS ! woooooohooooo !!!!! 
My mom insists that I get my hair braided for the wedding . Well my hair was nice while it lasted . 
Im going to die . I need to interact with people other than my family or else i might just explode . 
Nigeria is my team . They're going to win the cup . Nigeria FTW !!!!!!!!!! 
So today I sat in the front seat of a car backwards while my dad drove around . Then when we got out i chased my barefooted sister around until our dad left us . So we started to walk home and three quarters of the way there i jumped into my dads car and laughed at my sister as she walked her barefooted ass home . What a fun day . 
My hair is all braideded and now it slightly hurts . 
Who else has most of their family at home watching the world cup . 
So im at this pre-wedding dinner party and totally bored out of my mind . But i get to go to a wedding tommarow so yay ! 
So having your world cup team lose their first match especially when they had like 10 goal oppertunities is bad . But having them lose on your wedding day with every guest behind that team is worse . 
Nigerians are so weird when it comes to parties . They come 3 hours after the event starts and stay till 3 in the morning . And as long as you dance you are almost gurranteed to get money thrown at you . 
So I just made a lightly seasoned tomato sauce with some salmon fresh off the skillet all over radiatori pasta . Most delicious thing ever !!! 
Dont play mabinogi . It will crash your computer . Not that i would know ..... 
So the picnic yesterday made me < PROPMALE > ly sick ... I could hardly get out of bed . But the good news is the lakers are going to kick some < PROPMALE > ass ! 
so US made it huh ? Not going to last that long in the next round especially if they go up against spain . 
Omg . < PROPMALE > Nye the science guy is on CNN !! 
Africa man !!! Sorry US . Feilharbor failed you . And the only goal they made was a penalty kick . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Lautner wear a skirt and act almost completely gay on SNL made me crack up . Come back anytime < PROPFIRST > . <3 
I almost cried when < PROPFIRST > Brown sang that tribute to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Sometimes when i read what you guys post on facebook i fall out of my chair laughing . 
For the first time ever i have fixed a laptop i have crashed . Im < PROPFEMALE > proud of myself . :) 
poor ghana and brasil . Oh well tommorow is movie day with my buds . im Pumped 
I need more contact with people . I think ive forgotten how to chill out . 
To be a child is one of the greatest gifts in the world . As a child you are pure and are capable of not having a care in the world . You are in a position in which nothing is expected of you but to have fun . What a gift childhood is . 
Today was < PROPFEMALE > boring . Who wants to come over some day ? I warn you . My grandma just might kill you . 
I got my new laptop to work !!!! :) Now who wants to predict how long it will take me to crash it ? 
Sooooo Booorred !!!! I need to be entertained . 
Rode my bike up 3 big ass hills yesterday and almost died . Pretty sure I pasted by a coulpe of my friends houses . Maybe next time im suicidal I'll stop by to say hi . 
I should say something .... Hi people !!! 
is sad because now she wants to see inception but not by herself . 
Can i plz send my grandma to nigeria . Please . I will pay for the ticket myself . I will sell everything i own . I will put myself up for eternial servituide . I will live in a tin can , i will climb mt . Everest , I will eat a chipmunk , heck Ill become a monk . Just please dont let me live with her EVER AGAIN ! I love her ... But i rather love her from afar ..... WAY Afar . 
I go up that hill the reason im there isnt there . T_T 
What the hell is up with the school screwing up everyones schedule . I wanted phycology ... ya ya my spelling sucks shoot me . 
Mooo im a gorilla :) 
1st day of school ... when's our next vacation ? Everyone is trying to switch classes . So far I went from a repeat to an irrelivent in class . Please let my plan work ! Please please please !!! Anyway hella excited cuz I might get a new phone ! :) 
So my life kinda sucks right now . It is not a happy time . :( 
All right everyone I am now offically 17 . And today I have found a new favorite cake . Blonde Mile High Cake . OMG it was orgasmic . :P 
Im playing this game where you pick a crew and go on a journey . So i typed in < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . We traveled for a month but eveyone died . < PROPMALE > was a canibal so we killed him . < PROPFEMALE > thought it was a good idea to eat some mold . Me and < PROPMALE > got sick and died and < PROPMALE > messed with an ant farm and they crawled down his mouth and killed him . But it was funny . 
Two hearts ... one soul . 
HEY !!! Does anyone think they can give me a ride to senior sunrise . My parents said \ You dont need to go to school at 5am so you can look at the sun . Thats what the telescope's for !! \"" 
So like now im completely exsausted and yet I cant sleep . Huh I guess I better get used to it ... 
So mad . Why did my dad buy this no name camera that has a battery that won't charge and you can't find a replacement one anywhere in the world ..... And I was actually going to take pictures of me too . :( 
Hey do you guys think I can get a 2200 on the SAT .... lol SHIKE !!!! But Ill try tho . 
Im pissed . I missed the VMA's . 
I hate the bus with a passion . Please lord , give me a car . 
Definition of Senioritis : You just don't feel like dealing with bullshit anymore . 
Absolutely going to practice Thurs cuz everybody mad at me now even my dad . :P Better late that never right ? 
Someone text me or I just might die of boredom !!! 
Went to wrestling practice for the first time today . It was pretty good except SOMEONE got tired before we were out of the schools glance and decided that walking was better than actually attempting the challenge . So we came DEAD last . Its ok I still love ya tho . 
Sometimes I wish I knew every language in the world . When people start speakin a different language I feel left out . 
So it turns out theres a pipe in fairfield thats even more corroded then the one that exploed . GREAT ! 
Wrestling conditioning provoked my allergies some how and now I feel like a giant sneezing snot monster . Ugg fall is indeed around the corner . 
So today when I got off the bus and this guy started following me . He came up and started asking and saying inappropreate things to me . Not Fun . He kept following me so I colund go home until I lost him 30min later . YUCK ! 
I have alot of friends whose names start with a J . And they all like to be on facebook at the same time . :) 
Can't go to Wrestling . Noone told me I had a doctors appointment at 4 . Ugg now I haven't gone all week . 
What A Nice Day !!! Well Nite everyone ! Love ya !!!! 
Is it cheating if you go to fix your desktop and just replace it with a new one ? 
My dad just got me a droid and i got him every < PROPMALE > Marley album I could find . DAD you owe me an Ipod . 
Im on the bus wit m < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . <3 
Finally the internet is working !!!! 
Ok Which one of my awesome friends will teach me how to skate ? 
The One I want is always after another ... 
Im gonna be a mighty < PROPMALE > , so enemies BEwARE !!! 
Guess what wonderfully delicious food i had today guys ! ~ Sweetheart ~ 
I'm a genius guys . I'm < PROPFEMALE > proud . :) 
What's on my mind ? : Life . And why mine was chosen to be placed on this earth . 
My sister needs to learn respect , common sense and HOw to help OTHERS besides herself . 
Omg guys I got chargers for my droid . Now all I needs is to activate it . No more irritating phones :) 
My moms going to africa let us all rejoice . Now if only she would take my grandma with her . 
Why does the weather hate me . I've been praying all month that it should rain and just when I get my hair pressed ... it rains . Oh what luck I have . 
Play Super Smash Bros and I'm beasting !!! 
That stage in the year approaches again . I need to ignore the sudden increase of video games in my life and focus on school . 
Watchin Lion < PROPMALE > in english . Such a beastly movie ! ~ Sweetheart ~ 
Fish net stockings + rhinestones = PAIN ! 
Is there anything going on today ? Tell me about it . 
Lost my phone guys .. Life sucks 
Giants WIN !!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOHOOOOO !!!!!! World Series Champs !! 
Morning practice going to be damn near impossible due to my lack of early morning transportation . Drowning in things I need to do before the month is up . Attention span continuously decreasing ... its all bad . 
SAT subject tests were dummy hard . Went to the colts classic . Sucked at score keeping tho . Haha . 
Being sick sucks :( 
College applications not as scary ... still pretty scary though . 
We're like magnets that keep changing polarity . Everything keeps moving and changing . Nothing seems to be define . 
If he asked me out ... what would I say ? 
I'm going to kill this child , < PROPFIRST > Bieber ... 
My name is Jemina and im a game addict . :) Huh im bored someone talk to me . 
If you were < PROPFIRST > Bieber's Dad how would you handle it ? 
Three little birds sat on my window , and they told me I don't need to worry . 
Is there anyone out there that would teach me how to snowboard ? 
Ohh I get to see alot of beautiful faces tomorrow . Yay 
My grandmother has officially gone crazy . I told my mom , \this is what happens when you give her too much freedom . \"" 
Is at home with the worst stomach ache in history !! 
So how was school everyone ? I wouldn't know ... 
Ehh ..... What's up , Doc ? 
So this was a total waste of a weekend . Can't wait til the next one . 
< PROPFEMALE > ready for the weekend now ... 
Yay ! More cold ... Yuck ! 
To any of my stock market group members ... I selling 25 shares of Costco cuz we need to sell something and costco is making bank ! Don't be mad ... 
Got every Family Guy episode from 1 to 8 on Netflix instant view . < PROPFEMALE > 
Should I tell him ? What will it effect ? How will that effect it ? 
INBOX ONLY ! 2010 is coming to an end . So tell me a confession you wanted to tell me all year & it'll stay between us . Post this as your status . 
Let's get partying guys . Maybe if I ask nicely I'll get to run the slopes soon . 
What should I get for Christmas guys ? 
Happy Christmas . Cuz you all are special ! 
I head to Arizona tomorrow . It should be great seeing my cousins again after all these years . 
On ~ Sweetheart ~ 
I'm in Arizona guys 
I love you 
Snow ? In Arizona ? Nope all that white stuff can wait ' til I'm back home where my warm clothes are . 
Back in California . Omg I miss trees . I never realized how big a part trees played on my life until I went a week without a decent one . 
Ngi , I promise that the people on TV won't hear you no matter how mad you are or how loud you scream . Now please go to bed . 
My laptop just crashed . My life is OVER !!!! 
If my laptop didn't crash and my phone wasn't tripping out you all would be hearing beautiful music right now . 
Just wishing I could do the job for you sir . I'd give her a ha and hiya and how ya . And I'd kick her sir . 
So yesterday we all drove to Richmond then to Alameda to drop off my Aunt . Then some how between there and Fairfield we end up in San < PROPFIRST > . Lol wtf . 
I finally got my Droid activated wooohoo . Sadly my dad is confiscating my old phone . Sorry < PROPFIRST > . Anyways text me people 510-776-5662 . 
He's cute , familiar , and warm . I've known him for a while and I can't get him out of my head . On the other hand , he's a new face . Strong & silent . Utterly Sexy . 
I feel lonely like noone cares :'( 
Should I give him a < PROPFIRST>'s day gram or should I just tell him straight to his face .... nvm first one is kinda creepy . 
I need backup on the late city bus tomorrow . Some asshole is teasing my little sister . Someone needs to stop me from slitting his throat ! 
@ Home watching Powder Puff Girls . Hell ya ! 
Remember the cartoons when we were younger . There would be epic battles over simple things like the last cookie . 
It feels like my room is going to fall off the front of my house . 
Who ever missed Salerno's & Adams ' class is soooo screwed . 
Mars struck a plea deal that requires him to spend one year on probation , pay a $ 2,000 fine and do 200 hours of community service , as well as drug counseling . 
At an Nigerian Baby shower . Can't hear myself think . 
Dang Steelers . Bounce back fast . 
Aww sadness . They should have played those last 43 seconds . 
Don't you hate it when you post something and noone comments . Then someone posts the exact dame thing and there's like fifty comments . > : ( 
EVERYTHING KEEPS SHOCKING ME !!!! 
Dear Kanye , < PROPFEMALE > are Red , Violets are blue . If JB wins another award you know what to do . ;) Jk That's rude . 
Who's your < PROPFIRST > ? 
I got accepted into Monterey State . That's pretty cool 
Wtf is Cee lo Green dressed as a huge bird ? 
Bored with life and sick of rain . 
Dam it mom you made me miss the all < PROPFEMALE > game so we can sit at my aunts house and do nothing !?!? Never Again !!!!!!!!!! 
Watching Titanic . Its soon sad . :( 
I feel like playing basketball or football . Who wants to do a quick game ? 
I hate the bus with a passion !!!!!!! 
I need to take my leap of faith soon before I miss my < PROPMALE > . But I'm so scared of what the outcome will be . 
I fail ! I had the perfect opportunity for my leap of faith and I completely chickened out . I should kick myself . 
My mom dragged me to a wake . I thought it was my aunt's but it some person I'm not familiar with . Felling devices . 
Decived . Darn spell check . 
I got hit on by some old Guy who thought I was thirty . I told him I was 14 . Super jailbait . 
I said I would so I will . I'm just afraid of what the outcome will be . What if its rejected ? 
Man . I just suck are this . 
I think I'll just come right out and say it to his face . I try to ignore all the other faces starring at me . 
Hey sky . Please be < PROPFEMALE > and nice like yesterday . Sincerely , WTF are you doing ? 
Can someone come to my house and save me from my crazy mom . I might need to sleep over . Anyone ? 
So I had a fun time on the bus with my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . It was fun having him commentate my gameboy games as I played . :) 
How do you tag people on your status ? I can't figure it out . 
Just talked to Monterey Bay today !! I needs to drive down there for my meet and greet . 
I'm confused and torn at the moment . How can I fix this ? Hmm ...... 
With my magical technology reviving hands I have made my Droid ' s internet work at school . 
The Japan quake shifted the earth's axis ? Wtf . And Japan moved like 8ft up . 
The man who created Pokemon died in the Tsunami . Just thought it might make ignorant people care . 
Sorry the Guy from Pokemon didn't die . That's what I get for doing late research . 
At the library . Bored out of my mind . SOS . 
I swear ever morning without fail < PROPMALE > Mars is singing Grenade through my radio . 
Is it wrong that I have a crush on Jet < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I just watched that < PROPFEMALE > Black video . Lost like 4 mins of my life and some of my brain leaked out of my ear . 
The awkward moment when you watch All Dogs Go To Heaven and realize the main character is < PROPFIRST > Sheen ... 
I got my prom dress :D All tho its peach its really pretty . If only the Guy I want to go with would go I'd be set fit prom . 
I believe thus will be the year if bad music videos . 
Its funny how he got my head spinning around and around without doing nothing but looking cute . 
I gave noticed that I have become very Kinestheic in the past year . 
Gore Army competition ?? NAH !!! 
\Don't have a Plan B . It only distracts from your Plan A . \"- Will Smith " 
So if anyone has any suggestions for the Mr. Gore day button hit me up . 
Haha my dad is great . He said if he had a Cannabis farm he would fill the main enterence with poisonous snakes and then the ones in the back will be sky high . Silly Daddy . 
Had family from Reno over which was pretty cool but as much as I love family . I really miss my bed when they stay over 
Thanks for telling me your going to Nigeria 2days before you leave mom . It not like people need to know this or anything . 
Phone has been acting up . Hope its nothing serious . 
Orientation thing at monterey today excited . 
My phone behaves again !!!! Yay ! 
Doesn't know what to write for her community service paper . 
