Does anyone know a fabulous way to murderize lots of moles ? 

Found out yesterday that my grandma died . 
We breed rabbits , and one of the babies wasnt getting fed so I was taking care of him for 3 days .. and he was doing great ... but for some reason he died 20 mins ago .. Im heartbroken ... because he was doing so good i let myself love him , because I thought he was going to make it .. 
Well now I am taking care of the last 2 surviving bunnehs in that litter , and thankfully they are doing well . :) Plus my mom came home with 2 kittens the other day lol . Tons of babies to love :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Hed , It dos hurt ! 
I got a hair cut wee , the hair on the floor looked like someone slaughtered a wookie . 
It was not your fault , but mine , and it was your heart on the line , I really fucked it up this time , didn't I my dear ? Didn't I my dear ? 
My lungs , they hate me . 
Fun thoughts on farmlife : I clean way more than I ever used to , and it's still not enough . 
My daughter says thank you :) its so cute it sounds like gahmah , but when I give her something she asks for she says it , and when someone says thank you she nods and says gahmah hehe 
Did you know , that to a two year old pants make excellent towels for cream cheesey fingers ? 
Should you tell someone that you used to be in love with them ? I have no expectations of anything altering , and no need to hear it back .. just the urge to tell . 
lol my daughter has started calling me < PROPFEMALE > 
I hope when I go to feed critters that our momma hen has hatched another baby .. that would make it 3 they are cute little buggers hehe 
Yep there were 2 chickies out there ! Tomorrow should be 4 ! 
g will someone pee for me ? lol I'm holding a sleeping toddler . 
I feel like poo . 
I'm sleepy , but my daughter is asleep , ( earlier and easier than usual ) So I feel I should stay up to have me time lol . 
Geebus , my daughter woke up screaming and shaking , I thought it was a nightmare , but then she threw up . Shortly after she calmed down and went back to sleep . God I hope it's not the flu , I hope it was just a sour stomach . * crosses fingers * 
YAY SNOW !! I can't wait to bundle up Rhi Rhi and take her outside , I doubt she remembers last year's snow ... She was only 1 then . 
Well my family had another thanksgiving dinner that couldn't be beat lol but my daughter wouldn't eat any , so I'm in a turkey coma ... alas she is not . 
Well , I have the opportunity to go to college . I am excited and scared . I have to pick the college and field of study by Friday . I picked microbiology , as a starting point to get to epidemiology . However it looks , like I will have to start with Biology first . Bring it on ! 
Gawd I love snow ! For realz , makes me all giggly and chit . 
Ok , so today and the past few days I have been working my arse off getting my moms ex's crap out of the house . Currently i am sitting in a recliner , with my feet propped up , on a homedic heated massage chair mat , and with a heating pad on my leg . I feel nice . 
LOL being a 2 year old is hard , shes wearing my boots , which go up to her thighs , and is whining because she cant walk in them . 
My daughter is 2 years 3 months old and doing WONDERFULLY at potty training :) I'm so haaaapppy lol I just take her pants and diaper off and put her potty down on the floor and we haven't any accidents :) She seems to know when she needs to go and sits on the potty . YAY ! 
So next time I go shopping I am buying my daughter big girl panties ! She seems to be fully potty trained .. holy hell it only took 4 days ... wow . \ 
of course diapers for night time still , but she knows when shes gotta go , and she sits on her potty all by herself ! im so proud ! 
I've lost about 15 lbs , at least a pantsize . Yay for eating breakfast . Lol it doesn't make sense that eating more is helping me lose weight , but I think eating once a day before bed like I used to do , was killing my metabolism . I am always naseous in the mornings , ever since I was a kid .. so it's hard to eat breakfast .. but I choke something down now . Even if its just a piece of cheese and a glass of juice . 
Ok , it's official , I am a superhero . I heard one of our goats SCREAM . Well , I popped Rhi Rhi in her stroller and HAULED my fatass across 3 acres to find the youngest and smallest goat with her head stuck in the fence . She is our only goat that has horns , and they had gotten stuck in such a way that she would have broken her neck had I not been out there as quick as I was .. I got her out ( very tough ) 
WTF an anxiety attack . Today ? Really ? Thanks . I can't think of any reason for it .. I usually have bad anxiety if I feel like I didn't get enough done for the day ... but I had a productive day today .. superhero moments and everything . :P 
Lol , I now have stickers all over my face . Rhi Rhi is decorating . 
Alright I fit into my once too small jeans .. fairly comfortably , I think I have a few more days til they are super comfy . I feel like I am on a roll ! 
