Well , I was feeling a little depressed and now I'm not , but it'll just go back and forth 

:) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Cool you can facebook on the 360 and twitter ! 
If anyone can see this post an ' X ' in the news so that I can post . The 360 is wierd like that . 
I'll just play bfbc2 now 
yeah 
REPLY PLEASE\ 
\ 
Uhh ... does anyone know how to fix the face book spamming ? \ 
Everytime someone posts something or sends a message I get e-mailed . \ 
And so far I get 30 e-mails/hour 
PLEASE REPLY\ 
How do I stop facebook e-mail spamming . Everytime Someone sends me a message or accept a request , etc . I get e-mailed . So far I get 30-email/hour . 
blababa 
ohhhh yeaahh Thanks to Mendel I remembered today is my birthday . 
T_T 
Happy Birthday to me T_T 
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
dlseixc plopee can siltl raed tihs wlel 
Today you can feel sad , tomorrow you can feel even more sad , but if you go all the way to the end you can get over it . Afterwards the only thing to do is become more happy . 
I'll just poke everyone 
woohoo 1:30 am for 10 nights in a row yeah !!! 
AHHH everyone or almost everyone poked back 
woohoo 2:30 am !!! 
Ahh everyone poked back again 
wtf ? You can change you gender on FB really easy at any time 
Whose still on ? 
Why everyone stay on late , does parents yell at you ? 
How late does everyone stay up to now ? 
PLEAZZZ ANSWER , does everyone here go only on facebook or do you go to other social networks as often 
yea !! 2:05 am again .... for the 2nd week in a row 
Holy crap who stays on this late ? at 2:45 am !? 
yeah :) can't sleep 
omg i yawned 
finally sleepy at 3:15 am 
good night 
bleh 
I want to post a real picture on my profile and I was wonder what should it be ? \ 
The following :\ 
-Just me\ 
-My suit (+tilted fedora)\ 
-Military Uniform\ 
-Me with my pet < PROPFEMALE > in my head\ 
-Or other\ 
and it can't be something stupid -.- 
were gonna die die die die die die die hard , mother F@ #ker 
>.> hey everybody I'm just here doing nothing 4 the rest of the summer . So if anyone going somewhere close with a bunch of friends , don't be afraid to invite me , I most likely be able to go . 
only 1/4 of my poke opponents still fighting 
Wow , who's still awake @3 
I have the patiences of a rock !!! \ 
... ( until the rock gets bored and decides to move ) 
nomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnom 
If you're brave , copy this into your status and see what people rateyou : ( 1 ) Crazy ( 2 ) I'd Marry You ( 3 ) Talkative ( 4 ) Sarcastic ( 5)Lovable ( 6 ) Awesome ( 7 ) Moody ( 8 ) Dumb ( 9 ) Great Friend ( 10 ) Mouthy ( 11 ) Random ( 12 ) Hot ( 13 ) Funny ( 14 ) Amazing ( 15)Beautiful ( 16 ) Cute ( 17 ) Rude ( 18 ) Fake 
yea pulled and all nighter 
its funny to open the microwave and found out that u were cooking something 5 hours ago 
Here is a scenario : \ 
If you and a friend committed a crime an if you both accuse each other , both gets 10 years . If both says nothing , then both gets 5 years . If one accuses and the other stays silent , then the accused gets 15 years and the non accused gets 3 years . What would you do ? 
If the closest person you knew told you that you are a useless piece of crap and that you would be doing the world a favor if you killed yourself because no ones needs you . What would you do ? 
Who's bored , anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Nothing like the \ur mom\ " comment after an insult reply " 
Weeeeeee ( spins around in office chair *) 
ok i'm done 
If I helped it was planned , If I hurt it was unintentional . 
Just got my AP scores 
Those people who lives in their mom's basement and do nothing but play games all day . Does anyone knows what happens to them . Because such an isolated life seems ... wasted . 
Eureka I got it !!! I know , I'll just give up ! 
Cause you are a pirate ! 
I'm gonna go to sleep noa 
Don't you hate how fb in messenger you have to scroll down sometimes when someone said something otherwise you can't tell they said something 
(>\)> <(\"<)" 
ha no one is awake but me 
well its day again 
to the people with 500+ friends , doesn't the news feed gets constantly spammed ? 
Sometimes I have too much influence over people , which sometimes I want to avoid . 
No more oil spill , yey . 
I was going to mess everyone's mind with a music video i saw but I'm a good person 
If you were dying now , who would you want to see before you died ? 
Question : What will roller coasters be like in 60 years ? 
its like 2am 
Don't you hate it when your parents are constantly over your shoulder and you are about to snap and say go away until they say \I love you\ " then leave then you feel bad . " 
The ironic thing is that there is no justice in law . 
Today was a waste of day light to me . 
Boom De Ah DA 
Dammit !!! I cannot for the love of anything can I find \Greensleeves\ " with good vocals and music and it is pissing me off . If anyone can find an original or either a mixed version I'd appreciate it . " 
poke 
auhhhhhhh .... schools starts on the 25th , auhhhhh ... 
After a while of poke wars you forget the meaning of them ... Its like you click on all of them and feel nothing anymore . 
RawR 
I've always wondered why there is a like button but no dislike button on fb 
WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
:( 
:) 
I don't want to set the world on fire ... 
:3 
:| 
Poa\ 
Tay\ 
Toe 
I r :( \ 
Because and school over is summer starting is the , \ 
But again friends I happy see am my to 
Friday the 13th ! 
Adventuuure 
3 : 
School Shopping :) 
needs you to do something :\ 
IF YOU CAN READ THIS GET WINDOWS LIVE IF U DON'T HAVE ONE !!! \ 
Also if u do have 1 message me . 
See this is why I wanted everyone to have windows live cause i can use my xbox to im all messenger but aim because aim doesn't use e-mail , also if anyone wants to add me its htd_sithlord@yahoo.com , works for any messenger gmail , yahoo , windows live , etc . 
Quit leaving the chat >.< 
urg , how can I remember all your names if it is common then only reason you can remember mine is cause mines not . 
We are not retreating - We are advancing in another direction . -General < PROPMALE > MacArthur 
Don't you hate it when you forget to smile for a couple of days and when you do you rip your mouth and it starts bleeding . 
1 ... 
HAHAHAHA , :( no late nights todays 
Apparently everyone who had school today are still on . 
I remembered when people used to say that the world will end when we get a black president . Well ironically Obama's term ends in 2012 . 
The duck goes : \quack\ " \ 
2 hours until reach , #@$ ! ing east coast got it an hour ago . 
I dislike my history 
Yay finished bio lab 
imzooooboredsome1bothermeorspammewithsomething ! 
I ..... 
I feel that i have thermal shock and now suffering from short bursts of seizures and now concerned about well being . 
>_< I feel sick 
Xp I feel like I'm going to barf or implode or something 
I swear to drunk I'm not god !! 1 
THATS FUNNY PEOPLE SAID IT WOULD COOL DOWN !!! 
What the hell is with the last 3 post i seen about a double rainbow ? 
Never mind I see the FUCKIN HUGE DOUBLE RAINBOW , I just went out side , I mean its huge i think that i can see the gold pot from 30feet away . 
WHAT THE FUCK MEDAL OF HONOR BANNED IN SAN < PROPMALE > CAUSE TALIBAN KILL U.S. SOLDIERS IN THE GAME . WHAT THE FUCK ABOUT FUCKING CALL OF DUTY , OR BLACK HAWK DOWN WHY DIDN'T THEY BANNED THAT !?!? >:O 
1 ! 2 !.. 3 !.... 4 ....... 5 ....... 6 7 8 9 sighs * 
Price Ali-Aliasad-Aliabobuar 
Anyone here taking AP chem with data from their titration cause a douche bag Indian named fiesta ruined our data i need new ones . 
When in doubt BS it . 
6:00 pm 
Wait I don't get it what does everyone like it where ? \ 
I hate when people keep things from me . 
AH ! Does anyone one know if there is a senior meeting tomorrow in the morning ? Please answer back if you know anything about it . 
did anyone else get a 1/2 second blackout ? 
Take that AP bio , I finished the guides and reviews , diagrams and back of book questions and if i dont get an A I am seriously going to < PROPFEMALE > myself . 
dX 
Building happiness is harder than building houses . 
There's NOTHING TO DO TODAY !!! >:O Going insane !!! 
I guess nothing matters in the end . 
Everyone needs help 
Don't waste your days you only get 30,000 of them . Thats not a lot . 
DUR E < PROPFEMALE > UL WANKA 
I think I'm being stalked ... 
holy f *** the airline pass thing is a spam machine 
NO DONT DO IT IT IS A FAKE IM PRETTY SURE 
So I was bored at the library do community service and a random pick up line just poped in my head while i was there : \If you were a lost book at the library I would check you out under fantasy\ " -Thats no me speaking ... " 
oops should've have procrastinated bio , how long could it be ?..... \ 
5 hours later ... \ 
That wasn't that hard and its time to sleep too .... CRAP CHEM ! 
Anyone taking Civics now and doing current events with newspapers ? 
The best cure for a song stuck in the head is to listen to a series of music that you have never heard before . Preferably that series be of the same genre . 
is either the dumbest smart person or the smartest dumb person . 
anyone wanna mass trick or treat tomorrow ? 
???? ??? ??? ????? ??? ??? ?????. ??? ??? ???? ??? ??? ?????? ???? ?? ??????? ???????? 
I realized when you play a game for fun is sucks but when you play to win its fun . 
whats more important moving a 1600 on SAT to a 1900 or a Math II of 550 to a 680 ? Importance * not value in percentage wise . 
Does anyone know where i can find a copy of my transcript ? Like now or online today ? 
After Dec 4 i will no longer care 
Fee wavier saved me $460 on apps 
yea stayup at midnight when im not supposed to 
Ch-Ch-Ch-Chia presidents , obama has a green afro 
I need current events , anyone have newspapers from November and December !? D: 
If you've read this like this status 
Does anyone know what is being rebelled in Egypt right now ? 
: x gonna barf 
I can't taste anything :( 
I'm Bored anyone else bored ? 
Why cant cellphones and laptops be upgradeable like computers ? 
The world's top programmers are American and Indian 
Forgot about this 
