nothing like ending the year being cussed at , threatened and sprayed in the face with the garden hose ... ah .... good .... times .... 

creativity and all the wonderous things i can create are rampaging through my mind . where's my ibuprofin .... 
oh the prevalence of boredom and the daunting task that lies ahead of me , i weep for for you aching muscles ... 
going on a house-boat for 3 days for work , its a rough life but someone's got to do it .... be back saturday . 
Truth : the beacon in the storm that lights the way to safety . 
heading off to majestic Burney Falls , photos to follow ... 
ha ha i just loved that pic of me with the gingerbread man , it made me laugh , i'm such a dork ha ha ha ha .. 
Sickness is abhorrent !! Abhorrent I say !!! 
is eternally grateful to < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Missing my family in Canada , wishing i could visit them sooner than i'm able to ... 
Its amazing how the simplest answers somehow seem to be least obvious . Funk is gone . Prayer is amazing . 
Luscious gobbets of liquid descend from on high ! 
God you are great and merciful , even in time of need or strife , you always provide you always are powerful , i love you Abba , ever will i praise you . 
How did we meet ? Everyone play the game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to see the responses . 
Doth the delicate delinquent doddle dangerously amongst the dubious debutaunts whilst deciding dasterdly dim dramatizations of damnation and dilemma ? Definitely . Draining are the drole derisive dithering dames whose droning is deplorable and detestable in the drabbest of dialects , to be sure , delightful doppy dobbermans are decidedly more desirable company to the damaging deluded \darlings\ " in this domicile . " 
Cinema , Cookies , Christmas = Great way to start the season ! 
\You show me a society without shame and I will show you a society that is flirting with Hell . \ " - Ravi Zacharias " 
Its almost vacation time ! less than a day ..... 
leavin on a jet plane .... i'll be back on the 21st ....... 
arrived safely in Redding yesterday afternoon . had a great christmas party and watched the most amazing episode of The Soup yet ! Great day . 
back to the grind ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Aaaannd ....... Go ! 
writing at starbucks , here's to coffee , creativity and short work days . 
Hope everyone has a happy new year ! 
Fellowship , Prayer , Conversing in Spanish , Laughing , eating grapes , toasting with Champaign . This was my New Years . I am glad . 
kids are awesome 
thanking God for great conversation and challenging thoughts from like-minded friends . 
What is Christianity ? 
Shine your light so all can see it Lift it up cause the whole world needs it Love's come down what joy to hear it He has overcome He has overcome -DCB ( SMS ) 
\Most Christians have been taught in church or by their parents to set aside time for prayer and scripture reading . \"" 
The more intimate the relationship with God , the more it hurts when you do something to cause seperation ( i.e. Sin ) . How great is the blessing of realizing that seperation and running back to the Father's arms . 
Really wants to inflict massive physical damage to an inanimate object right now !! 
Yay tomorrow i get to interact with normal kids .... 
GO VIKINGS !!! 
currently disconcerted :( 
Having lost all sensitivity , they have given themselves over to sensuality so as to indulge in every kind of impurity , with a continual lust for more . \ " , 201 0-0 2-01 10:48:49 " 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status . Put the first entry for your name under comments . 
A weary soul 
Encouraged by my God through my Brothers in Christ . 
Why cant my mind turn off at a reasonable hour ? / 
WOOHOO ! Great day , Taking pictures , running around historic california sites , slipping in mud and getting dirty and soaked by rain . Adventures rock !! 
Tonights Menu : Andouille Sausage with an Apricot Worschestershire < PROPMALE > Glaze . Side of Farfalle noodles with Diced tomato and < PROPMALE > . Yumm 
Gah !! The tension is killing me !! OT !! 
CROSBY !!!!! CANADA WINS !!!! CANADA WINS !!! 
\The profundity of God's love is an ever-present wonderful mystery . \ " - Me " 
Can't wait until Erase the Dark !!! just got my submissions all ready to go !! 
is bored . 
... the highest safeguard for the physical , mental and spiritual health of the child is not primarily the attention paid to the child but the unrestricted love of the parents for each other . - Henri Nouwen 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland 3D = Awesomeness 
Oh contemptable mind , oh malingerling spirit , be not near to me ! < PROPMALE > me succor my God for I know truth is found in you . 
Erase the Dark tonight !! If you live in or around Redding you should come see some < PROPMALE > and have some good food . $10 at the door . 2225 Bechelli < PROPFIRST > . All monies go to Cypress Elementary School . 
Erase the Dark was awesome ! Lots of great music and film talent . Many great artists and photographers . Not to mention good food . All around good night . And all three of my pieces sold !! made my night . :) 
Rompiendo Cadenas 
Everyone line up for your forced health care ... oh you don't want it .... well we have ways of dealing with you people .... like a fine !! 
The american health care future looks very bleak . To much power has been given to the president . The people of < PROPFEMALE > only have themselves to blame for voting him in . sigh ... 
Ohio State is out :( boo ... 
Their just so single serving !! ( < PROPMALE > talking about Banana Muffins ) 
Contact Lenses FTW !!! 
I dont want to work ! I Just want to Bang on the Drum all day !! 
\oh Chinese Yo-Yo you make me happy ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Edwardson hahaha " 
\Matt < PROPMALE>'s Mustache was so thin it was like Manute Bol on Yom Kipur . \ " - Sklar Brothers on ESPN radio . " 
Best Game of Modern Warfare 21-4 ! Led kills in my last 5 games . I'm getting better , woot !! Only level 21 . 
Lunch Menu : Pan-fried Lemon < PROPFEMALE > Tilapia with a Green Onion tomato Feta cream sauce . A side of Creamy Orzo and Cauliflower . So yummy !! 
Wilson : You wanted what we all want ... House : The power to transform into any water-based object ? \ Wilson : To look across the gulf and know there is someone else like you . " 
I have to many creative hobbies , drawing , cooking , photographing , writing and not enough time to do them all . ' sigh ' . 
Fear of God is not fear of punishment ; instead , fear of God is a deep reverence , awe and love for the one's creator . 
Quote of the Day : .... Starring Liam Neeson who says this in my head everytime I take off my pants . \ \ " Release the Kraken !! \ " - Male Host of the Rotten Tomatoes Movie Review Show " 
Hmm ..... very interesting proposition has crossed my path .. decisions to be made , conversations to be had , God to be consulted .. 
I'm gonna miss this town ... 
Epic Man Night !! 3 Course Meal : 1 : Ribeye steak , Coleslaw , Yummy Rolls 2 : Baked Potatoes w/ all fixins 3 : Strawberry Shortcake man-style !! Hopefully a funny movie : Defendor 
Watching Tarzan the Apeman(1981 ) apparently they weren't to discerning with their animal choice ... given that orangutan's don't live in Africa much less socialize with Chimpanzees . 
Sad day .. last day teaching sunday school at the stirring . :( i'll miss those little ones . 
Parents ! Don't ever treat your kids like they are an inconvenience to you , that attitude breeds resentment which leads to a fractured family . 
Ironman 2 , good movie . seeing it at midnight , not so good ... 
riding the brief episodic doldrums .... 
Acceptance !! sort of .. 
Life : its whats happening right now . are you missing it ? 
I am the next Eminem but my name is Skittles !! - Client at my group home , since she can't be properly named ( HIPAA ) she wanted to be called Pickles .... never a dull moment . 
Best night of MW2 for me yet ! 18-0 ! I was on fire tonight !! 
< PROPFIRST > Hood : 8/10 . Good story , strong characters . Ridley < PROPFIRST > likes to use the same kind of characters . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is fairly similar to < PROPMALE > Arillius in Gladiator : Sagely warrior and morally ambiguous . Though < PROPFIRST > Hood and Maximus were fairly similar , come from nothing to lead the army . Go watch it , entertaining and engaging . 
What a great community we have at the Stirring ! Everyone is so willing to help out when someone needs it or comfort others in times of sorrow or rejoice together when something great happens ! If there is a need , it will be met . So great !! 
UFC 114 in one week ! Go < PROPMALE > !! 
Honor heals generations . 
Sweep ! Sweep ! Get out yo ' brooms ! Come on Celtics !! 
digital < PROPMALE > is fun ! 
Family = Awesome ! 
I want a sword ! 
In Hebrews 11 the author wrote about those who were acknowledged for their immense faith and it said in verse 38 that the world was not worthy of them . I hope that can be said of me when my life is over . 
Coffee and Conversation with a good friend , two rounds of disc golf , party with friends by the river and hilarity and good times back at the house with Quelf and good food to top it off . Great birthday celebration day !! 
What a surprise to log on after a loooooong day of work to see 41 messages in my inbox . Thank you all so much for the birthday well-wishes !!! I am loved ! 
Change is the harbinger of < PROPFEMALE > that is a juxtaposition of the dualities of anxiety and anticipation . 
About to watch Brazil vs North Korea !! thank you charter ! 
aww , what happened Spain ? 
2 weeks ... 
Brazil Advanced !! not really a surprise though . 
Be Strong and Courageous . Do not be afraid or terrified because of them , for the Lord you God goes with you , He will never leave you nor forsake you . \ 
Deuteronomy 31:6 
Last day of work ! 
alas the day is gone the work is done . Au reviour VYS . 
BOOO !!! Fail ! 
my contribution today : Chicken Salad Sandwiches . contents : Chicken , mayo , halved green grapes , diced sweet onion , chopped fresh parsely , asiago cheese , < PROPFEMALE > , S&P . with baby arugula and spinach on a hoagie roll . mmmm 
One of the best things i've made ever : Blackberry garlic Balsimic vinager over a round steak slice cooked medium well with a sprinkling of melted asiago cheese and a < PROPFEMALE > tomato that was cooked in the sauce , over a slice of french baguette . thank God for diversity in foods and the brains to put them together . 
\Let the Holy Spirit be a snuggie around you . \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
Spain vs Netherlands World Cup Final ! gonna be a great game ! 
feeling : morosely content 
Despicable Me = best animated movie of the year ( IMO ) 
Symbolophobia : The fear of symbolism ..... hahaha 
last sunday at the stirring for me ... sad day :( 
disc golf in 100 degree weather , only in Redding ( technically < PROPMALE > ) and I won ! woot ! 
I'm having a yard sale all this week . I need to move some stuff . I have a small desk , a black book shelf , a comfy chair with foot rest , an old small couch , all manner of books and assorted other items . Stop by if interested . 1241 Grouse Dr. off of Browning behind movies 10 . 
alas , California , the time draws near .. 
great last night of < PROPMALE > high youth , sprayed kids in the face with water hose and was thoroughly drenched by vengeful children with buckets . HAHA , good times . 
You may make a fool of yourself with a dog , and not only will he not scold you , but he will make a fool of himself too . - < PROPFIRST > Butler 
... sorrow ... 
hopefully our only setback , shredded tread on front tire . Set me back a pretty < PROPFEMALE > . :( 
made it to Salt lake city with no further mishaps . Halelujah . 
stopped in < PROPMALE > , Nebraska . No problems at all except sore rear end . Last leg of the journey tomorrow . So done with traveling across country . 
I has arrived , Ohio beware ! 
hmm .... 
Great way to start the day : P90-X . yay for burning muscles ! 
\Is that still Skanctus Real ? uh ... \ " - my mom . proceeded by copious amounts of laughter . " 
transitionary periods suck ... 
Find rest , O my soul , in God alone ; my hope comes from Him . He alone is my rock and my salvation ; He is my fortress , I will not be shaken . My salvation and my honor depend on God ; He is my mighty rock , my refuge . Trust in Him at all times , O people ; pour out your hearts to Him , for God is our refuge . Psalm 62:5 -8 
O weak vessel that I am , Lord your grace empowers this mortal flesh and your love renews this feeble mind . 
i have an interview !! 
< PROPFIRST > !!! You're such a disease !! 
First Interview done ! Nailed it ! 
Create in me a pure heart , O God , and renew a steadfast spirit within me . Do not cast me from your presence or take your Holy Spirit from me . Restore to me the Joy of your salvation and < PROPMALE > me a willing spirit to sustain me . Psalm 51:10 -12 
\One of the greatest challenges of the spiritual life is to receive God's forgiveness . There is something in us humans that keeps us clinging to our sins and prevents us from letting God erase our past and offer us a completely new beginning . Sometimes it even seems as though I want to prove to God that my darkness is too great to overcome .... " 
I has a second interview !! 
Watching Anchorman with my parents , mom has left the room 10 minutes into it ... see how long my dad lasts . 
Dinner Menu : Appetizer of Tequenos and Arepitas Main dish of Grilled Pork Tenderloin marinaded in lemon/lime juice with < PROPFEMALE > and spices . Topped with a mango , pineapple , OJ Red onion , Cilantro salsa . Side of Apple and Cranberry Cous Cous . Italian bread , salad and Lemonade/Ice tea drink . Dessert : Tres Leches Cake . 
Orientation done , class starts in 21 days !! 
bearded or unbearded ? that is the question . 
\Until at last i thew down my enemy and smote his ruin upon the mountainside . \ " -Gandalf " 
\NOW FOR WRATH 
watching Band of Brothers , concentration camp scene gets me every time ... such a tragedy . 
I made Mango Sticky Rice ! I know , you're jealous . 
all moved into my grad school digs ! should be getting my job squared away tomorrow , God is good . 
i have a job !! now just need to getdrug tested , fingerprinted and physicalled . 
job training next week , classes start the week after , yay for things happening ! now just have to find things to do until then .... i think i'll go find a disc golf course ... yeah .. 
hates taking a nap at 9pm because i'm tired , then waking up at 12:30 and being unable to fall back asleep until after 3am . ugh . 
missing Redding and my peeps therein .... :( 
had a dream about a homicidal monkey with sloth-like claws on a boat that was a school . Had to draw a picture of something , which ended up being a elephant ballerina and then explain it for one of my psych classes in the dream . Then excuse myself because the monkey was picking off people left and right , ..... 
A sad day , The Stig has been un-helmeted ! 
Praise be to God ! For his love and mercy are abounding and his providence overflowing . 
Confucious say : Man who fart in church , sit in own pew . 
bizzare dream #2 : I was helping cater an event and had gone into the men's room and was chatting with some other guys briefly and this woman walks in and we stop and look at her and she sings \this'll be the day that I die .. \ " she then stands there . " 
job training starts tomorrow ! yay for not-boredom ..... 
Restraint training tomorrow , woot ...... 
was watchin ' Crocodile Dundee 2 on hulu and they didnt let me finish the movie ! grr .. 
first day of on the job work . On a boys unit , today was good , played football and watched them play rockband . Fun group of guys . my coworkers were funny and great to work with . 
DUDE !! Arian < PROPMALE > !! 230yds 3TDs , and i picked him up from waivers !!! haha 
time to go get learned and make my brain bigger'n stuff . 
today's assignment , read < PROPFIRST > 1-8 and note 6 observations without interpreting those observations and then read < PROPFIRST > 1 ; 1-13 and note 6 more un-interpreted observations based only on those 13 verses . inductive studies ... yikes . welcome to Grad school . 
i pulled out my keys and grabbed by car keyless entry thing and tried open my apartment door by beeping it open . hahaha . good times . 
I love it when God whispers a few simple words to me that renew my passion and remind why I do what I do and why I continue in obedience . 
I hate to see you fall down , \ 
I'll pick you up off the ground , \ 
I've watched the weight of\ 
Your world come down\ 
And now it's your chance\ 
To move on , change the way you've lived for so long , \ 
Find the strength you've had inside all along\ 
\ 
Cause life starts now , \ 
You've done all the things\ 
That could kill you somehow\ 
And you're so far down\ 
But you will survive this\ 
Somehow because\ 
Life starts now\ 
- Three Days Grace 
prayer request : that God would bring people into my life . my life is quite peopleless at the moment . :( 
2 awols ( that were brought back pretty quick ) 1 hold ( 30 mins ) and a < PROPFIRST > on the back from the supervisor , day ended pretty well . 
Ahhh , the beverage of the gods .. and < PROPMALE > , I don't mean Mountain Dew ... 
so i'm walkin through walmart the other day and i see this kid ( 17-20yo ) walking the opposite direction and he had what looked like tribal lightning-ish tatoos down both sides of his face and neck and he had a spikey mohawk to go with it . I tell ya , the things one can see in wallyworld . 
funny word mess-up of the day , haha : Authoritities . hahaha 
Great night ! Lasagna , Garlic Bread , Wine , Dessert , great conversation , listening to friends learn hebrew through song and repetition . God is good . 
Jesus ... 
aleph , bet , gimel , dalet ...... 
Funny moment at work : Skinny , nerdy , pastey white kid singing Ludacris lyrics as he walks to his room , arms going and everything . 
I have changed my phone number . If you would like the new number please leave a message on this post . 
... 
new < PROPMALE > Clancy book finally out coming in December . I can't wait !! 
Lady Gaga's music is like a cold , its catchy ... 
O Divine Father , teach me how to love . 
Hurray for a history class that is not all about memorizing dates and events !! 
2 < PROPFIRST > 1:5 -9 
mmmm .. soup in a bread bowl 
Baking , Music , Homework . 
sigh .. 
2 hours of < PROPMALE > Brown ( Good Eats ) clips with my mom and siblings huddled around my little netbook . good times . 
was taking pictures of this tree where the leaves had all turned a vibrant yellow and the property owner came down to also take pictures . we talked for a bit and she gave me 5 rolls of film as she was now using digital cameras . So cool !! 
Thank you Lord for the blessing of empathy , though at times it seems to be a curse . I pray that you continue to bestow upon me the wisdom to use it adequately . Give me your words . 
To all my Redding area friends , i will be flying into Sacramento for < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s Wedding on the 5th of November . i don't have exact time yet but I am seeking someone who would be willing to pick me up . Also I'm looking for a place to stay until sunday when I fly back to Ohio . \ 
To quote the scholar < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , \May God guide you on your quest . \"" 
1 evening in a small group with < PROPFIRST > Wardle : Great conversation , a free book and deer meat . Good times ! 
My face is cold .... 
Light has come into the world , but men loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil . Everyone who does evil hates the light , and will not come into the light for fear that his deeds will be exposed . But whoever lives by the truth comes into the light , so that it may be seen plainly that what he has done has been done through God . - < PROPFIRST > 3:19 -21 
Oh Your Love is a Symphony ... all around me ... running through me ... - Switchfoot 
I'm at church , an old gentleman is snoring in the pew infront of me . i'm stifling laughter . In the midst of his sermon the preacher says to the congregation : Are you tired ? Are you weary ? I laugh . 
Come thou restful slumber , break through the gates of mine waking consciousness . < PROPFEMALE > me off to the land where fantasy and unconscious mingle and celebrate . 
But whatever was to my profit I now consider loss for the sake of Christ . What is more , I consider everything a loss compared to the surpassing greatness of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord , for whose sake I have lost all things . I consider them rubbish , that I may gain Christ and be found in him , not having a righteousness of my own that comes from the law , 
Friends and Family , I ask your prayers for my grandmother , < PROPFEMALE > . She had a massive stroke today and prognosis is not good . 
Nothing like the high comedy of < PROPFEMALE > Clouseau to bring me some levity . :) 
The sorrow is apparent in the windows to my soul , thus has been my countenance this day . 
\These things I thought on 
My heart is steadfast , O God ; I will sing and make music with all my soul . Awake , harp and lyre ! I will awaken the < PROPFEMALE > . I will praise you , O Lord , among the nations ; I will sing of you among the peoples . For great is your love , higher than the heavens ; your faithfulness reaches the skies . Be exalted , O God , above the heavens , and let your < PROPFEMALE > be over all the earth . - Psalms 108:1 -5 
dear friends , please be praying for my grandfather , < PROPMALE > , now , he had a heart attack this morning , most likely due in large part to his anxiety over his wife having a stroke last week . He seems to be doing ok now though , and is being is usual incorrible self . But pray for continued healing for both of them and for no further complications . 
I'm excited for the cookies I just made to be done ..... so I can .. devour them ... nom nom nom 
Making Lasagna , come on over if you would like some 
I love the leaves that dance with the wind and the smell of freshly cut parsley that lingers on my hands . 
I know much , therefore , I know very little . 
Is there anyone hiding there in the dark ? - Inspector Clouseau 
fellowship , its what its all about . :) 
Chocolate Chip Pancakes for lunch ! Yes !! 
Tired people are funny . 
California here I come . 
this is gonna be a diverse flight : African family , crazy lady doing a stretch routine in the waiting area , an Amish couple , me , various other families ... 
wishing I didn't have to leave .. : l 
To the bitter cold I have returned , to my humble abode I have come back . 
Boldness and Humility . We are not mere sheep in this world ! 
:) 
good eats inbound ! and I don't mean the show . ;) 
i looked into his young eyes and beheld there in a moment : \ 
turmoil ... tormented pain ... hopelessness ... \ 
... and my heart broke\ 
O Love Divine , your children are lost and hurting . 
:D 
And now a rap from < PROPFIRST > Crundwell : Pain , ouch , it hurts . Inspired by JDog . Thank you . 
May my prayer be set before you like incense ; may the lifting up of my hands be like the evening sacrifice . Set a guard over my mouth , O Lord ; Keep watch over the door of my lips . Let not my heart be drawn to what is evil , to take part in wicked deeds with men who are evildoers ; let me not eat of their delicacies . Psalm 141:2 -4 
God has an amazing sense of humor . hahaha . :) 
\I'll be strong and courageous\ 
My heart is full . My joy is made complete in you most Holy God . 
If anyone wants homemade Baked macaroni and cheese with Andoullie Sausage , come by around 8:00 pm . 
rejoice 
Anyone ( ohio people ) going to see < PROPMALE > potter tomorrow ? 
Selected Chants from the Russian Orthodox Church = Melodic , Haunting , Wonderful . I like it . 
Just saw inception , it was nice to see somewhat of an original idea and it was done very well . Kudos to you Mr. < PROPMALE > ! 
GRRR at upset stomach !! 
Mom : I think if you add baking powder , no , baking soda to water its supposed to , I think settle your stomach . \ 
me : ok\ 
Mom : wait , I'm not sure if its settle your stomach or make you throw up . \ 
me : hahahahaha\ 
Mom : haha , great advice I know hahahha\ 
me : hahahhahahha , that was amazing . 
Father bring healing to your people , to your sons and your daughters . Not for the sake of wholeness of body , soundness of mind , or fortitude of spirit but that your mercy may be seen and that you above all will be glorified . All praise be to your Holy Name . 
moments .. 
: l 
Mighty is our God , He makes the lame to walk again !! 
Tonight's agenda : watch The Big Lebowski , check ; watch Schindler's List , play with one of my drawings in Photoshop . 
I am thankful for the air that i breathe because even it is a gift from God . Happy Thanksgiving . 
lunch is a tried and true : Andoullie Sausage in an Apricot-Worchestershire glaze over a white rice and warm french bread . yumm ! 
Dessert tonight : Sauteed Spiced Pear with < PROPFEMALE > Whipped Cream 
I inadvertantly created a new candyish substance : Brown sugar , cranberry juice , cinnamon , nutmeg and cayenne . add heat . let the alchemy begin !! muahahahahhahahahahha ! 
The Church does not need brilliant personalities but faithful servants of Jesus and the brethren . - Bonhoeffer 
I can has California weather plz ? kk thanks . 
My parents are like < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > with a bit of < PROPFEMALE > Ball and Desi Arnaz thrown in . I love'em . 
San < PROPFEMALE > pulled it off ! good win . 
When you're in the business of people , that is to say : their well-being , no amount of preparedness is sufficient . Insight and revelation abound . 
If you say my name , I cease to exist . what am I ? 
its snowing ... 
surrendering my will is so hard 
The acquisition of knowledge serves to illuminate the level of ignorance that exists within ones mind . 
He has made everything beautiful in its time . He has also set eternity in the hearts of men ; yet they cannot fathom what God has done from beginning to end . Ecclesiastes 4:11 
I remember my affliction and my wandering , the bitterness and the gall . I well remember them , and my soul is downcast within me . Yet this I call to mind and therefore I have hope : Because of the Lord's great love we are not consumed , for his compassions never fail . They are new every morning ; great is your faithfulness . I say to myself , The Lord is my portion ; therefore I will wait for him . Lamentations 3:19 -24 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same ! 
Dinner menu : Pan seared dear steaks with an Apricot Balsimic glaze . Spinach salad with walnuts , grape tomatos , dried cranberries , and feta cheese with an italian dressing . French bread . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , imprisoned since 2009 for ' blaspheming ' Muhammed , faces the death penalty in Pakistan . < PROPFIRST > Loua , a missionary to Guinea , was tortured , shot through the heart and mutliated on 11/14/10 . Ksor Y Du and Kpa Y Co imprisoned for 4-6 years for preaching the gospel in Vietnam . Pray for these our brothers and sisters who are persecuted for their Faith . 
Oft mine mind meanders thither .. 
Question : When is driving 30mph on the freeway a good idea ? Answer : When you can't see 10 ft infront of you , the lanes are undiscernable and the snow is blowing toward you . 
\How tragic that we in this dark day have had our seeking done for us by our teachers . Everything is made to center on the initial act of ' accepting ' Christ and we are not expected thereafter to crave any further of God to our souls . \ " - AW Tozer " 
early my mind wakes\ 
the day beckons and i rise\ 
snow dances with wind 
True intimacy with God demands an emptying of the self and a complete surrender of every area of life : things , relationships , desires and plans . There is no \my\ " or \ " mine\ " . Why is God not enough in our lives ? " 
I see you laughing at the rain that hits your face\ 
With your arms stretched open soaking in the love\ 
In a world you found so hard you find so beautiful\ 
There's a hope in you deep inside for me\ 
- Flyleaf 
Life here sacrificed\ 
Someone who payed the price\ 
Blood in our hearts\ 
Blood on our hands\ 
We cry out , we're fighting , it's warfare , we're dying\ 
Believing we're winning , it's ending , we're singing\ 
It's already done\ 
we've overcome\ 
Mercy screams its violent love\ 
Justice and mercy\ 
The death of us created for\ 
This is where they kiss\ 
Can I lie here in Your arms\ 
My only calm is You\ 
Save me\ 
- DCB 
funniest thing at work tonight , two boys were actually seriously trying to levitate in their room . they were trying for like 2 hours . made me laugh so hard . 
“We're not necessarily doubting that God will do the best for us ; we are wondering how painful the best will turn out to be . ” - CS < PROPFIRST > 
joy is ... 
Gru : \Do you speak spanish ? \ " \ 
\Often we combat our evil thoughts most effectively if we absolutely refuse to allow them to be expressed in words . \ " - Bonhoeffer " 
Male resident : \You can't be a Christian 
I need to have a job that doesn't come with the likelihood of working on Christmas . : l 
Immanuel 
Just got offered the casemanager job i was hoping for !! Woohoo !! 
This gift of Christ we celebrate today . He came to die for us but also to be an example of love . Let us love one another today . Love your family . If you go out , love those that you meet . 
Faith in the face of doubt , Hope in the second coming , Love that conquered sin and death . 
GPA : 3.7 
< PROPFEMALE > is nigh , wake ye sleeper ! Embrace the adventure of the new day . Hold fast to courage and hope . Be of good cheer and quail not , the Lord goes with you . 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's no fun . :) 
the snow claims another vehicle .... or at least a portion of it . 
So proud to be a Canucks fan , best team in the NHL this year . 
where's my magic wand ... 
missing Redding right now :( 
my bicep is twitching ... its really starting to annoy me .. 
perspective dictates attitude 
How does one enter into the suffering of another without trivializing it and yet maintaining a safe enough distance to not be consumed by it ? both of which are very easy to do . 
Lord give me your < PROPFEMALE > , mine just isn't cuttin ' it . 
With eyes fully open , I take note of the mire in which I sink . I raise my arms to the heavens and cry out . My rescue , my only hope , takes hold . Jesus . 
I never get tired of listening to Coldplay . 
Reflect on the reality and implications of the omnipresence of God . What does do these thing mean to you ? 
mmm .. freshly baked cookies . 
overheard at Mansfield Medcentral Emergency room :\ 
Doctor : \If you heart stops 
... remember the promises ... 
needs something positive to happen ... 
intrapsychic turbulence ... this too shall pass .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Hathaway as Catwoman , < PROPMALE > Hardy to play Bane in 3rd Batman movie !!! 
God is bigger than the storm 
Pray for Christians in the country of Eritrea where Christianity is illegal . 3000 christians are in prison and living in sub-human conditions . 
Holy Holy Holy is the Lord God Almighty , who was and is and is to come . 
New Job Orientation !! 
Feel all manly ... n ' stuff , worked on my car ... * booyah * fist-bumps all around ... 
The Word was among us tonight . 
preaching ( sort of ) , prayer and pancakes . great way to start the day ! 
Seminary basketball ! booyah . felt good to sink some 3's and surprise some people . ;) 
One more day 
bittersweet 
Pay your surgeon very well\ 
To break the signs of aging\ 
Celebrity skin is this your chin\ 
Or is it war your waging\ 
First born unicorn\ 
Hard core , soft porn\ 
Dream of Californication\ 
Dream of Cailfornication\ 
- Chilli Peppers 
the joy of laughing ' till your cheeks hurt 
God in my laughing\ 
There in my weeping\ 
God in my hurting\ 
God in my healing\ 
Christ in me\ 
Christ in me the hope of glory\ 
You are everything 
batman the animated series ! reliving my childhood ... 
When faced with the stubborn shame that results from sin , do not be conquered by it ! Instead , turn your face to Christ and be immersed in his love and grace and forgiveness . 
42 
listening to fox sports radio during the game is way more entertaining than listening to blah commentators on tv , only down side is not seeing the commercials ... 
Pack wins ! 
\You learn God ... not through your ears but through your feet : follow the Rabbi . \ " - Peterson " 
And < PROPFIRST > Forsbergs back ... * crickets * yep thats what i thought .. 
\Now for wrath ! Now for ruin ! And the Red Dawn !!!! \"" 
And the world's newest nation is ... South Sudan ! Good news for the Christians there . North Sudan will be hardcore Islamic , South Sudan will be more religiously diverse and accepting . 
Perspective change : Instead of spending our time trying to avoid sin , let us look for ways to bless others and glorify God . 
\Lord I love you/ You're a father's hand at night/ You're the sunshine in the day/ And I long to be with you/ All my days/ In old age if I'm still hanging around/ I'll be found around with you/ And I lift you up so high/ I love to lift you up \"" 
gah ! i've been in this hemisphere too long ... 
\what did it feel like when Aslan changed you back ? \ " \ 
\Oi Lienda\ 
I like laughing . Laughings my favourite . 
Where the wind blows , there also do I go\ 
Without a care or worry , I'm in no hurry\ 
My life is not my own , but lived for you alone 
\Its just like poetry inside\ 
Its one thing to know about the authority that God has given us , it's something else entirely to claim that power and pray it over your brother or sister . 
I look around at a beautiful life\ 
Been the upperside of down\ 
Been the inside of out\ 
But we breathe\ 
We breathe\ 
I wanna breeze and an open mind\ 
I wanna swim in the ocean\ 
Wanna take my time for me\ 
All me\ 
So maybe tomorrow\ 
I'll find my way home\ 
- Stereophonics 
Tukutendereza Yesu 
Coconut flavoured M& Ms. . I approve . 
slightly longer pronounced exhale ... 
Met with first client today and they seem very motivated . I like motivated people . 
I like gypsy moths and radio talk\ 
Cause it doesn't remind me of anything\ 
I like gospel music and canned applause\ 
I like colorful clothing in the sun\ 
I like hammering nails and speaking in tongues\ 
- Audioslave 
The < PROPMALE>'s Speech : two thumbs way up . 
Dear twitter-pated dude two rows in front of me in church , \ 
Your < PROPFEMALE > to nuzzle a hole in your girlfriends neck is really annoying and distracting . Please stop . \ 
- everyone behind you . 
For God so loved the world that he gave his only Son , so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have eternal life . Indeed , God did not send the Son into the world to condemn the world , but in order that the world might be saved through him . < PROPFIRST > 3:16 -17 
MBTI equiv results : INFJ 
\Lord beer me strength\ " - < PROPMALE > Halpert " 
Feel very accomplished ! finished all my OT research before the library closed . Now just need to put the paper together . 
In Canton for the weekend . Nice break from Ashland/Mansfield . 
OT Paper done ! now onto 503 paper ... 
Sensationalist satirizers surreptitiously sound off surrounding some sequence of shoddy shipping secrets . Simultaneously , squeamish sirens speak of squalid songs and sordid sailors . Subsequently , sacred sonatas and splendid sloops are sardonically sent south with sweet silly seamen and superfluous sages who sequester sanity and subvert sense . 
Therefore , as God's chosen people , holy and dearly loved , clothe yourselves with compassion , kindness , humility , gentleness and < PROPFEMALE > . Bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another . Forgive as the Lord forgave you . http://bible.us/Col3.12.NIV84 
stomach doing somersaults .... chills .. miserable :( 
I really want a Canucks jersey .... 
I wonder if < PROPFIRST > Sheen is pulling a < PROPMALE > Phoenix on us ... except on a much grander scale and much more comedicaly terrifying ... 
My Roommate is frying broccoli at 8 in the morning .......... lol 
Goin ' to the library , gonna read me a lotta pages . Goin ' to the library , gonna read me a lotta pages . 
Urgent Prayer for < PROPFEMALE>'s mom . Prognosis not good . Pray pray pray . 
Jeff : You know what makes humans different from other animals ? \ 
Troy : Feet ! \ 
Pierce : No , bears have feet . 
I am experiencing a mild but sharp pain sensation in the region of my corpus collosum . 
word of the day : Feculence 
word of the day : Sticklebats 
got my hairs cut ... finally 
dinner menu : 4 cheese conchiglioni w/ red sauce , french bread , juice . mmmm 
Dinner for Schmucks = Amazing !! 
Shooting shotguns = yes ! 
Call me a nerd but I just discovered something amazing : a 12 volume history of Middle Earth . I must have it ! 
Pasta , its whats for dinner . 
We have \first world countries\ " and \ " third world countries\ " but where are the \ " second world countries ? \ " why don't they ever get any press ? Inquiring minds want to know .... " 
Tommy : \Does this suit make me look fat ? \ " \ 
and they'll know we are christians by our love 
when the < PROPFEMALE > obliterates the night\ 
we will be dressed in robes of white\ 
no sorrow or need for fright\ 
in a voice of praise we will unite 
making beer bread . yum . 
thankful for creativity 
\And < PROPMALE > stalked to his shaded seat and waited for God to come around to his way of thinking . \ 
beauty in imperfections 
Comedy Roast of < PROPFIRST > Shatner !!!! YES !! 
RAWR !!! 
so i wore shorts and sandals ( and for you jokester folks I had the other clothes that people normally wear on as well ) to class today trying to give the weather a hint , you know hey look i'm wearing shorts and sandals ... hint hint ... bring the warmness . Apparently mother nature didn't take the hint ... more like laughed at me ... 
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say Canucks win the President's Trophy and < PROPFIRST > Sedin wins the Hart Trophy and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Trophy . 
At Starbucks reading Love Wins . 
As seen on ' Damn you auto Correct.com'\ 
Speaker 1 : How's your day going ? \ 
Speaker 2 : Awful . I have a bad case of the manboobs . \ 
Speaker 2 : Omg . The MONDAYS !!!! Not manboobs .... \ 
Speaker 1 : Haaa . Thats HILARIOUS ! 
May the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be pleasing in your sight , O Lord , my Rock and my Redeemer . - Psalm 19:14 
hmm .. 
This just in , Disney to make a film commemorating Butler's < PROPFEMALE > story in this year's NCAA tournament . Set for release some time in 2013 . 
You know when you're putting on deodorant and you know its getting low and you go to apply it and on the first pass of the armpit it breaks into a thousand pieces ..... yeah .. really really annoying ! 
Ugh .. 
really missing my Redding peoples right now .. all of you . : l 
\The man who has struggled to purify himself and has had nothing but repeated failures will experience real relief when he stops tinkering with his soul and looks away to the perfect One . While he looks at Christ the very things he has so long been trying to do will be getting done within him . It will be God working in him to will and to do . \ " \ 
is now in the 2011 counseling cohort !! 
Here is a worrisome stat line : In the US , 30% of teenagers don't finish high school and half of the people who enter college drop out . 
Doh ... Throwing a softball around with the roommate = screaming shoulder ... ouchies . :( 
is liking 30 Rock . :) 
How easy it is to descend into cynical apathy when faced with the depravity of the world and the seemingly impossible task of being a light therein . It is at the realization of the grace poured out for us by the love of the Savior that we can overcome this present darkness . 
2-0 Canucks lead !!!!! Woohoo !! 
Game 1 in the books ! Canucks shut out the Blackhawks 2-0 !!! YES ! 
Canucks win again !!! lead series 2-0 ! 3venge !! 
Gah ! Playoff Hockey is soooo nerve-wracking !! 
YEESSS !!!!!! Canucks win !!! 3-0 series !!! 
life ... 
Unutterable utterances ubiquitously undulating underneath the uvula usurping the unanimous understanding of umbrella-wielding urban underlings who usually upset the unctuous unbelievers united under the universal umbrage of unmitigated unilateral ugliness . 
Its time to play what movie and who said it : \ENGLISH MUTHAF***A !! DO YOU SPEAK IT ?!?! \ " and .... go ! " 
Do you enjoy working out ? Do you enjoy sweating and losing weight ? Do you enjoy being naked ? Well now you can do all three at the same time !!! Register now at the Easy Gym in Arrigorriaga , Spain !! Coming soon : Naked Yoga !!! 
Restrepo , great film . 
Dang it !! I have Tiglath Pilesar III stuck on repeat in my head ! Confound you , ancient Assyrian ruler !! 
In him whose blood was shed we believe . \ 
In him whose blood we are covered we are saved . \ 
In him who conquered the grave we have life . \ 
Praise be to the him who sits at the right hand of the Father ! \ 
Hosanna ! Hosanna ! Hosanna ! My Risen < PROPMALE > ! 
I love my family , never a dull moment and plenty of laughs . :) 
oh the ebb and flow 
magnificent evening 
They did it !! Canucks beat the Blackhawks and move to the next round of the playoffs !!! so relieved . 
1-0 Canucks ! Lets go boys !! 
Great day in < PROPMALE > . Lots of laughs and the Indians won . 
We are a cynical generation . 
Mr. Bond always gets his girl , they might resist at first .. but its only a matter of a few hollywood minutes . 
Thai Food !!!!!!!!! and I helped to cook it , which is even more awesome !! 
YES !! Canucks 3-1 series !! Now finish them !! 
