Really addicted to fable II but still I sucks that new years < PROPFEMALE > is spent at home with my 2 sick brothers will the parents are at karaoke but at least I am not sick . Still wish I was < PROPFEMALE > with some of my peeps but what can I do . 

Happy New Year Everyone but especially to my peeps you know who you are if your not sure just ask . But Happy New Year Everyone . 
I wish taco < PROPFEMALE > would bring back the bacon club chalupa . 
Does anyone know when < PROPMALE > is due back back because he stayed the night with < PROPMALE > after < PROPMALE>'s bachelor party and was supposed to come back today . Mom is making corn beef and cabbage because he's working on wensday so where wondering where he is . 
Currently hooked on Dragon Quest V but can't decide whether to continue my current run in daggerfall or put that on hiatus . 
\What is it you do Vargas\ " Emilo Largo-Thunderball " 
Currently Playing Dragon Quest V Final Fantasy 1 and 2 < PROPFEMALE > of souls Pokemon Blue < PROPMALE > Clancy's splinter cell 
Anyone ever have pme of those were everything is so-so has nothing good is happening in life , but nothing bad either its all like a twilight of mediocore events . But maybe I am being so pesimistic that I am not se anything good but optimistic enough not to care about it . 
I remember once at campground two years ago I saw a guy that was a spitting image of old snake from metal gear soild 4 . 
Thats not me , that's an aremenian kid with mental problems . -Kick Ass 
PEOPLE NEED TO UNDERSTAND THAT CHILDREN WITH SPECIAL NEEDS DON'T HAVE AN ILLNESS , SO THERE IS NO CURE & IT'S NOT CONTAGIOUS . THEY ONLY WANT WHAT WE ALL WANT , TO BE ACCEPTED , 93% OF YOU PROBABLY WON'T COPY AND PASTE THIS . WILL YOU BE IN THE 7 % THAT WILL , AND LEAVE IT ON YOUR STATUS FOR LEAST AN HOUR . IT'S SPECIAL EDUCATION WEEK !!!!!!! 
Finally beat dragon quest V and excited that I finally get my own room soon . 
I can't belive they had blood 2 to the good old games catalog man I can wait to play it and for it to actually work . Still trying to figure out how to beat vselka again in splinter cell . Starting a new game in Banjo kazooie and hopefully continue my final fantasy 1 and 2 run . 
Jonesing to play some 3d < PROPFEMALE > game heros for epic retro < PROPFEMALE > gaming fun . 
Finally , got the pc back after it got fixed so friggin happy today . 
Hoping to find out about elder scrolls 5 at E3 because one can dream 
Loving my new PSP the ability to play tomb raider and mgs on the go and other great games is great . 
I can't wait only 4 days till I am 18 years old . 
Less than 30 minutes away and I am finnally 18 and only 3 years seperating me from 21 . 
Thanks everyone for the happy birthday . I agree with Christian we do need to get together . Today so far has been a very good day , and now all I can hope is to continue to lose the weight and everything will really start falling into place . 
Damn its too damn hot , and I got nowhere to go . I know its summer but its really annoying when theres nowhere to go . 
Really starting to love Final Fantasy 2 I haven't done the dreadnaught yet and I am already power leveled I need to take < PROPMALE > to Fynn for a tune up . But this is warning to Emperor Mateus of Palamecia you are so going down . 
Today should be fun having a great time with FF 2 and I am almost finished making a great character for morrowind so I can start playing that again . Sure I would to do other stuff than play games all the day , but I don't have money or the license to get a car that and the fact that I am kind of timid at the thought of driving and having nowhere to go , but I have to change that soon . 
I am so glad to have beaten FF 2 but that's not the big news this week , I really can't wait till sunday so I can < PROPFEMALE > with christian and the rest of Lemieux crew . I would have said DK crew but very few people would've caught the reference . 
I could be called a pessimist but I think of myself as an optimist grounded in reality . 
I\ 
remember reading that British Cook Book author Nigella Lawson was an atheist , so if she\ 
were to make a devils food cake would it be called Logically Delicious \ 
Chocolate cake named for non-existent Malevolent Divine Being . 
Had a great timing < PROPFEMALE > ing out with Christian Lemieux and the rest of the Lemieux crew man I hope we get the < PROPMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > out again before Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . 
No I do not watch Wizards of Waverly Place I am an Adult ! 
I am hoping that now with renewed vigor that with a healthy diet and exercise I can get the muscle and metabolism going so I can once again be a healthy wait so I can focus on other problems like meeting new people and I hope one day meet a girl and be able to to form and get into a relationship . 
Ugh . I hate it when you get friend requests from people you don't know or never met when It clearly says in my profile I won't accept Friend count uppers or people I don't know or like . Or when its a girl and I either don't know them , it doesn't list where there from and since I don't have a picture of myself up I am sure most the time its just FC Upers and those ignore it . 
< PROPMALE > Moleman is one of the greatest TV characters of all time . 
Can October get here any faster because September is another barren month for games where has October has fable III and Fallout to keep me busy until Deus Ex Human Revolution comes out . 
Started Playing Final Fantasy III for DS again don't know I stopped but anyway I must get back to it . \starts humming Mambo de Chocobo \"" 
I got to say I am thankful I don't live anywhere near a river or or a low lying area now that < PROPMALE>'s coming , but than again you never know . Well then again it doesn't help to worry about that stuff . \ 
10 points to anyone can guess and Identify where this quote comes form even more points if you know the when it happens . \Son of Submariner \"." 
Wow a Methuselah rookie card 
Man I got to play the thief games again soon that and I can't wait for my copy of doom 3 to come in so I can enjoy the dark mod and all its thiefy goodness . I must say if you ever get the < PROPMALE > to play these games you must because they are some of the greatest games I have ever played . 
Yeah my copy of doom 3 came in the mail today man there is nothing more fun then opening a package when you know its for you and its not going to kill you . 
Man , when I see all this < PROPFEMALE > O'Donnell footage is hilarious , man I still hope the tea party will go away . I can't believe this one candidate from Utah wants to get rid of social security and unemployment , like dude your an asshole . This wont motivate people to get jobs when those jobs don't exists . 
Having so much fun playing metroid zero mission . 
Oh my god the main character of bioshock infinite is voiced by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > the same voice of < PROPMALE > from the thief series . That cannot be more awesome if you don't know about the thief series I must say by god you must look it up . If they could get < PROPFEMALE > Brosius to do a voice in the game it would be even better . 
Gonna be playing some Morrowind and some Final Fantasy III today meaning there is gonna be some fun tonight . 
I was wondering to anyone who have actually played the games which are your 2 or 3 favorite final fantasy games . \ 
Mine are < PROPFEMALE > and IV I haven't done < PROPFEMALE > I so I can judge on that one yet . But I would like to hear from anyone else . 
Man today is really boring that and with my asthma acting up I detect more boring on the horizon . If anyone has the time and wants to do something just let me know I am always available , because pawtucket is really boring and its mostly old people and really young kids around hear so its even more boring . 
If any of you guys are doing anything cool for Halloween let me know because I just can't wait till Christmas to < PROPFEMALE > with anyone again and I will have fallout new vegas if anyone's interested 
Man , I have been wheezing for days know and I have been using my inhaler and their hasn't been any improvement . I haven't been out it the cold so I am wondering where the hell did goddamn wheezing come from . It feels like my lungs are gonna jump out from my ribs then my chest . 
At least I something do until new vegas comes out , I can wait while playing some 3d < PROPFEMALE > game heroes , link to past and start playing FF 3 DS again . Man It's so boring around here it isn't funny . If anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out soon or anything just contact me . If you don't know how to contact me just comment and I will message you about how to . Because I doing nothing anytime soon . 
I can't help but like anything that is the Anti-Tea Party . 
Also I hate when republicans portray < PROPMALE > people like innocent victims . I\ 
got an idea how about you stop showing indifference to the working \ 
class and working poor and help them in a way that isn't tax cuts . 
\We leave the Kids with you for a couple of hours and they get taken away by the state\ " \ 
Every time I here < PROPMALE > McDowell I can't help but wait for him to talk about how the Enclave is going to reclaim < PROPFEMALE > from the ravaged wasteland of the aftermath of atomic war . 
I am currently playing FF 3 again , but man I can't wait to I work my up to Final Fantasy 6 . But on another note , Dear Square-Enix Please Localize Dragon Quest < PROPFEMALE > DS in North < PROPFEMALE > . 
\Thatherton \"- Hank Hill " 
Can't wait for thursday I get to enjoy some fallout new vegas . 
Fallout New Vegas is beyond Awesome . If anyone is doing something soon and want to hangout let me know because I can't stand having to wait till Christmas < PROPFEMALE > that and it would kick tons of ass . 
Really loving fallout new vegas but man I really need to get back to playing FF 3 again so I can make my way up to FF < PROPFEMALE > because I really love that game but I am so OCD about playing my RPGS in order . Which why I have played DQ IX yet because I waiting for DQ < PROPFEMALE > on DS to be released in < PROPFEMALE > already . At least before Deus Ex HR comes out because I be to busy with that when its released . 
I can't wait for election day so we can continue fixing this conservative made mess . People need to realize that the free market isn't a benevolent deity cause its not it would kill its own mother if it helped profit margins . 
Is anyone doing anything tomorrow ? Let me know because I would like to get together and < PROPFEMALE > out . 
I sure hope < PROPMALE > Ried wins in < PROPFEMALE > to keep the horrid < PROPFEMALE > Angle . People with autism or autism spectrum disorders are people too . We do have problems and we need help and acceptance the last thing we need is these kinds of narrow minded cruel people out of Washington . 
Just got goldeneye for the wii . 
I finally beat fallout new vegas now to go through assassins creed again . On another topic , man is Sunday the most boring day of the week . 
Coco's back tomorrow . :) 
I am reading a great article on income inequality in our country its called the united states of inequality and I would recommend anyone to read it unless your conservative because you guys tend not to care about this crap . 
Man you know your a gamer when you associate big band music of our grandparents day with post nuclear wastelands or Ayn Rand inspired underwater hellholes . 
I am so excited I finally get to play earthbound . 
Still have no clue what GOG.com next big game will be but I am hoping its gonna be a LGS Dynasty game . Hell every big western game in a 10 years is linked to that studio . 
Humans are weak and easily corruptible that why any system that relies on them to be on their best behavior and not leveraging it for their own gain at the expense at society at large are always destined to fail . Don't let you think that means I am depressed or anything its meant merely to be thought provoking . 
Man I am so bored . But now hopefully at this point I can get my sleep sorted out so hopefully this time everything can work out . But as for now I only want 4 things . \ 
1 . To get a normal sleep schedule\ 
2 . Lose weight\ 
3 . Hang with my peeps soon\ 
4 . A wing man for obvious reasons because hell even after the weight issue is solved I still won't have the confidence to talk to a girl who isn't related to me . 
I just checked PlayStation Store and the PS-One classic game on sale for the 15th Anniversary is coolboarders . I am completely dumbstruck , there are tons of better ps-one games on Playstation Store and they choose coolboarders . What is their selection process ? 
I hope someone other than < PROPMALE > will recognize these quotes \Die 
I accidentally typed ass in to the search bar on face book and one of the suggestions is the NRA is facebook trying to tell us something ? 
I gotta play some < PROPFIRST > allstars and < PROPFIRST > rpg soon because seeing all this < PROPFIRST > has me in a serious < PROPFIRST > mood but on a similar note . < PROPFIRST > rpg I can't think of a more ingenious idea or execution of an idea . 
Man we need to get some more black ink and paper so I can print some stuff up so then I can play the sweetness that is < PROPFIRST > rpg . 
I can now stop worrying I just checked amazon and they got a new shipment of Fable 3 Collectors Edition so now I am guaranteed to get it for Christmas . Now I don't have to worry about someone buying the last copy of it at gamestop at < PROPFEMALE > square . So I must say WOOOOOOT ! 
For whom it may concern my mom will be at the craft fair at north attleboro high school so please go there and buy something . 
Has anyone seen the hilarious S&M Plumbing and Heating commercial with its hilariously provocative jingle . 
The < PROPFIRST > of a good game is not whether it sells well or loved by the critics or receives rave reviews or if its is popular . No its whether the game is fun to play and continues to be fun every play-through and doesn't rely on something that cheapens the experience for replay value . That is what < PROPFIRST > s a good game . 
\The gift of the silver the tongue . They say its the < PROPFIRST > of great speaker and of liar . \"" 
< PROPFIRST>'s was playing ECW Anarchy Rules and man I forgot how annoying the crowd was in that game . Mind you I never played I've seen and heard < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > play it but man some of the sounds in that are very grating . 
This Christmas I can now say I am a proud owner of Final Fantasy Dissidia among other games . 
I was playing assassins creed earlier and man that reminded me about how much I hate the despots , beggers and troublemakers in that game . \ 
\The Christian < PROPMALE > and his infidel army\ " over and over again really gets to you . Then the beggers throw rocks at you if you try to climb a building and the trouble makers always go up to you and push you at the most inopportune times . " 
\Hey its Enrico Palazzo \"" 
I was surfing the web and their was an ad for dc universe online and < PROPFIRST > walked up and said hey look dc universe . So know how often < PROPFIRST > asks for shit , I wanted to say fool you couldn't even pay attention to runescape let alone pay subscription fees and we don't have a pc to run that the stuff . But I am probably looking to deep in to his silliness . 
I have one question whats the deal with the American medias love affair with old people specifically those born from 1945 to the 1960's and hatred of those born from 1985 to 1995 or somewhere in that ballpark . I never quite understood this conundrum and I wonder if its unique to the US . 
How do you like my new picture 
Man I love the show < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > its hilarious . 
Man I really need to get back to playing FF3 DS because FF6 is just begging to be played , man you can tell I got nothing better to do . 
Yay , I beat Assassins Creed 100% so now I can finally start going through AC2 . I know I am a bit late to the game but hey I had other games I was playing at the time that and I wanted to go through AC again so I could get 100% . I am so glad I able to find that last templar . 
Man I am so bored now its not even funny . 
< PROPFIRST > is playing Smackdown Vs Raw and make what is by far the fugliest female Create a wrestler of all time . Its inhuman I tell you . 
I can't belive they just revealed Elder Scrolls V . 
I really hope they don't pass this sham of tax bill . They showed the two senetors for rhode island at a senior center talking about how the felt about it but I am wondering why are they talking to seniors they won't be alive to pay for consequence of the wealthiest americans and the republicans commiting what amounts to highway robbery . Of our generations future and our Childrens future . 
On a lighter note man am I bored right now . 
Man , my mom made a really delicous key lime pie . 
Just remembered the awesome new years < PROPFEMALE > parties where I would < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > Moitoso & Christian Lemieux at < PROPFIRST > Moitoso's house . Man those were some of the most fan and best days I < PROPFEMALE > r had . Man I can't wait for the < PROPMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > out with you guys again . 
Deus ex HR has been delayed now I have no clue what to do as far as pre ordering it goes since they gave the very vague time line of the next fiscal year which ranges from April 2011 and March 2012 . Since I don't get or have tons of money it is really forcing a hard decision on what to do . 
Finally beat Assassins Creed 2 100% WOOT ! 
Lets all hope this holiday seasons that 2011 is the year were mankind pulls it out of their ass and finally starts to set things right . As long has 2012 isn't an apocalypse because if it is that would be a real pisser . But I am not holding my breath , Pessimism strikes again . 
I was thinking recently and I felt I wanted to list each decade of the 20th century and give it a label has an era . \ 
1900-1910 A New < PROPFEMALE > Begins \ 
1910-1920 The Death of Empires and the rise of mass death\ 
1920-1930 High Times Can't Last forever and the age of organized crime\ 
1930-1940 The < PROPFEMALE > times and the world goes mad\ 
1940-1950 World at War , Genocide and the reconstruction 
Anyone remember the hilarious merchant from fable . \would you like to buy some chocolates for your sister\ " with a hilarious speech impediment and lisp . " 
I just shot a duck by saying fuck . 
Dragon Quest < PROPFEMALE > is coming out in North < PROPFEMALE > on February 14 2011 
Counting today 4 more days till Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and that means 4 more days till I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with my cousins and the rest . Woot . 
I was thinking since were so close to Christmas I was wondering what is your least favorite type of gift to receive ? For me its clothes . What about you guys and gals . 
Thanks to everyone for the really awesome family gathering we had today . I wish we go do stuff like this more often . Hanging out everything . I had so much fun I didn't get to everyone if I didn't see you I am sorry . But on another note I wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and a Happy New Year . 
Beware of wampas during this blizzard . Word of warning Tauntaun's do smell bad on both the outside and the inside . 
Be wary of any \lemon snowcones\ " now . " 
42 days till Dragon Quest < PROPFEMALE > for DS woot . 
Apparently Deus Ex Human Revolution was delayed due to squares horrid fiscal year due to the horrid reception of Final Fantasy XIII and Final Fantasy XIV . After XII the series really fell on its face . Well I knew something was wrong when the removed towns from XIII and XIV disastrous launch . 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people WON'T copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this 
I know < PROPMALE > Mcwhatever the rest of his name is , is the pentagon guy for NBC but I thought they should of have had someone else talk about the relative mild Capt Honors issue . The reason is that I and lot of us see < PROPMALE > Mcwhatever the rest of name as the shit just got real guy for the really bad news involving the pentagon and our military 
The today show is talking to Republican Representative for Minnesota < PROPFEMALE > Bachmann and it says on the bottom will < PROPFEMALE > Bachmann run for president ? Well I got say I sure as hell hope not . If you don't want < PROPFEMALE > to cease to exist in the next 10 years fine vote for the Minnesota dumb ass . 
Man am I really bored today 
About the cause below me and < PROPMALE > have been saying this for years . 
I hate respiratory infections , I gotta say , thanks < PROPFIRST > for bringing this home to us from school . 
I hate being sick . 
Hole in the wall is just one game show that doesn't translate well from its native land of japan to the united states . For several reasons \ 
1 . No crazy Japanese announcer \ 
2 . America's obesity problem\ 
3 . Reruns sister trying to fit through a hole in Styrofoam that most Americans have no < PROPMALE > of fitting through . 
Like if your sick of seeing the smug smiling mug of the that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Laughner Nut . Everytime I see it I wanna go to Arizona and smash his goddamn head into a table like because I wanna wipe that smirk of his face . 
Duke Nukem Forever is coming out May 3rd 2011 !!! Its finally upon us 
If you played New Vegas and hate Caesar's Legion like this post 
My favorite Bender Line \Now nobody can I say I don't own < PROPFIRST > Larroquette's Spine \"" 
Loves playing Final Fantasy Dissdia 
Lets hope no more artifacts get destroyed in the crisis in Egypt . Not only are they destroying their heritage but also a gift to all of mankind . 
Just found a crack on his thief complete collection disk . I have no clue how it got there but now I am pissed . 
Sick of freezing his ass of at night , among many other issues I don't need at this time . 
I am gonna cast Fira 
I hate when people say they don't wanna redefine marriage , but we did it before why can't we do it again . I say we did it 3 times . It went from a caveman who kidnapped a women and tied her to his house , then two often a young girl to an elderly < PROPMALE > for the sake of cementing family and political alliances . 
Purple Monkey Dishwasher 
The Protests in Egypt were heartwarming for many reasons like\ 
1 . Real Democracy in the Mid East\ 
2 . Peaceful Protest\ 
3 . Especially for Americans it was good to see to a political protest that wasn't entirely composed of ignorant old farts in stupid costumes that have no clue how the government or the real world works . Example : Tea Party\\Libertarians 
< PROPFIRST > playing Wii Fit is a site all most behold . It absolutely hilarious . 
Dragon Quest < PROPFEMALE > Tommorow !!! WOOT 
Dancing is Forbidden it is mystery time 
The new trailer for skyrim is simply amazing . If you have either a kick ass pc , xbox 360 or a ps3 and like rpgs and open ended sandbox games you owe it yourself to check it out . 
Question on jeopardy about black ops all 2 of the contestants name the 2 previous titles where I knew it was black ops right away and I don't even own it or have even played it once . 
I really can't wait for skyrim 
If you want fiscal responsibility , how about we got corporate subsidies and agricultural subsides . This is mostly to fiscal conservatives because some liberals and libertarians support this . 
Hey it's Enrico Palazzo 
Like if you wanna punch < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in the face . 
Is really pissed about having to get xbox 360 fixed and computer issue . Could something good happen this week , I doubt it . 
The nerd made R.O.B a goddamn gyro . 
New Deus Ex games release date will be announced next week in boston at PAX EAST . WOOOT 
I am a firing my lazor ! 
If you have an xbox 360 and or a ps3 and haven't added me well you can now . My gamertag is denied paladin and my psn name is maxrebo 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can suck an egg . 
Life its a shit sandwich and we all gotta take a bite . 
I can't believe we are on the verge of another witch hunt this time against muslim americans . If you are an outcast , pariah , dreg , different or a minority or any other group who has faced undue scrutiny and oppression at the hands of another . Well then we all now this isn't right . 
New monitor works great so far . 
Instead of Secret Millionaire , and Undercover Boss how about a show that shows the real state of this country and income disparity called shine my shoes fuck face . 
< PROPMALE > Maher just came up with the greatest idea ever , drop one other wall street or big money dickheads responsible for the financial collapse into a poor neighborhood and well that's it . You can figure out the rest . 
I've got an idea for a tv show it can be set in Wisconsin it can be called I am a wage earner get me out of here . 
I can't wait for the next new vegas patch that will hopefully fix this quest I wanna complete . I love the dark mod for doom 3 and well dragon quest < PROPFEMALE > is just plain awesome . 
Jam Handy reminds you to keep your preserves in a convenient location . 
No Final Fantasy < PROPFEMALE > on Virtual Console in North < PROPFEMALE > today and its not coming next week because of natsume championship wrestling . Whats with them screwing over North < PROPFEMALE > on Virtual Console nowadays . 
Just saw a really awesome video of thief with stick figures but the animation is awesome , even if you haven't played the games you can't deny this videos awesomeness and hey it make even makes someone take a look at the fine examples of excellent games . 
Don't make a lifeform with free will if you intend to force down one narrow path . 
On a lighter note , purple monkey dishwasher . 
Can't wait for may to enjoy myself some duke nukem forever then june for the ocarina of time 3ds , whenever for skyward sword , august for deus ex human revolution , and skyrim in November its like the goddamn game of the month club . 
MMM , Breakfast beans . ( MST3K Reference ) 
I really can't wait to play Final Fantasy IV The Complete Collection on psp the wait wouldn't be so bad if there any good games to play till then but it until that and the late may 3ds update and great stuff coming in june we have a gaming drought well I say boo urns to that . 
Remember when you were a kid what were you interested in ? Video Games , Comic Books , The Stock Market ?! 
I am Commander Shepard and this is my favorite store on the citadel 
Mystery Science Theater 3000 is by far one of the greatest shows of all time and if haven't seen it yet and have the < PROPMALE > you must watch it you will not regret it . 
Why are they dressed has snifits , super < PROPFIRST > brothers 2 is the years demon pageant theme . I love the rifftrax of wicker man I swear that movie was made to be riffed . 
That's not a super villain , that's < PROPFIRST > Lesko he helps you save money from the government . Yeah well any guy that dress in a suit of question marks is makes my villain sense go off , 
I thought toons liked getting beat up . 
In the criminal justice system of gotham city there are three groups , the police who arrest the criminals , the lawyers who prosecute the criminals and the goddamn batman . 
Holy Crap , Kings Quest 3 now has 2 remakes . 
His last words were Huzzah 
Having access to play instantly on netflix I see they have a pretty good selection of anime can anyone reccomend me some good stuff to check out . I already have seen and like full metal alchemist , Dragonball and Dragoball Z , and cowboy beebop . 
Here's hoping Final Fantasy < PROPFEMALE > comes out on virtual console tommorow 
Sadly we didn't get Final Fantasy < PROPFEMALE > on VC today , we got super bonk . Man Nintendo of < PROPFEMALE > must really hate us . 
Well the Cats out of the bag , why would anyone put a cat in a bag , cats hate bags . \ 
If you catch the reference 10 points but the points don't matter . 
Here's hoping Square does remakes of FF V and FFVI in the vain of I , II , and IV though III would also go nice along with those too . The Snes trilogy are my personal favorites so I would most definitely pick those up same with III just for the < PROPMALE > to play it in North < PROPFEMALE > with sprites . 
To show that the metal krusty o is harmless I will demonstrate by eating one myself . ( eats krusty o and collapses to the floor gagging in pain ) Sir that was a regular krusty o . 
I am bender please insert Girder . 
Dear Cranston School Commitee just take the fucking banner down , its not endorsing athieism it just not endorising any religion which is what all state , secular and public institution should do . Hell even private institution unless your a goddamn house of worship . In other words keep god and hist rules to yourself and in your and his house . 
