time isn't wasted when your getting wasted 

this is how normal people feel after drinking ... this sucks 
is bored ... 
about three that's my plan . keepin ' steady 
Downtown is hella fun . I live down here and have no complaints . When do you go back to school ? Where are you working .. I work go to class party . The normal stuff . 
apparently like to strip sheets , pillow cases , blankets , himself , and anything else within reach during a good nights sleep ... 
as been bailed on . Someone should come swing dancing with me tonight . 
thinks his computer is getting ready to die :( 
getting drunk and going to club 21 to help pimpin with her crush on the DJ ... YAY DRINKING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has a cramp in one of the most unbearable places on the body 
There's only half a handle of SoCo left . Monday < PROPFEMALE > overs means that the weekend was good to fucking end 
INTERVIEW !!!!! 
:/ 
they say imitation is the highest form of flattery , but I dont plan on resting on the 7th so does that mean I'm surpassing the master ? 
I need more sleep but dance class is calling . I have goals to achieve today . but after class ( 10pm ) I'll be bored lets do soemthing 
is in a < PROPFEMALE > of self discovery . All things found are good . Where there found seem to be bad though lol 
30 hours later pimpin ' has almost finished her initiation into the big kids world ... 
not ready but needs to . 
Senseless video game violence and nerd convo's always make me feel so much better . 
Just a little bit 
ZombieLand !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and Funness for the whole night Hehehe 
Travares's facebook lawlz 
COME TO CLUB 21 TONIGHT !!!!! It's 18+ . If you RSVP the cover is cut in half . RSVP and meet us for abomb night . http://sanfrancisco.going.com/event-673214;Risque_w_TENDERLIONS_Mike_Diamond_B-Day_Bash?recipient_email=travaresd%40hotmail.com&src=v_i_sfo_91009_1cekydj7chfog 
I should have napped on break . F it . PUMPKIN CARVING TONIGHT !!! 
WANTS FOOOOODDD !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Found the perfect pet in La . 
I want one NOW !!! COME TO ME FERRAH COME TO ME JIMINY !!!!!!! 
Is ready to be done with class so i can go play with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
is such a sap sometimes ... 
I'm finally awake and ready to party 
I HATE BEING BORED AND STUCK AT HOME SICK GRRRR !!!! 
Pumpkin Cheescake Whoop Whoop !!!!!!! 
is homeward bound with notta to do ... YAY !!! :/ 
Why do I have 62 Farmville requests ?!?!?!?!? 
Hates the stupid ass people who ruins downtown for everyone else ... 
Ive been in the same spot for hours . I think I'm just fine without internet i get to actually see people and do things 
its time start the partying mwuhahaha 
Its time for a celebratory drink !!!! SAINTS !!!! 
NAUGHTY GRAS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
babysitting on a Sat . night :( . please someone save me once i can leave here 
omg i cant sit here anymore how the hell did i ever stay around a comp this long when i had internet . guitar hero/brawl here i come 
finally off !!!! LETS DO SOMETHING !!! 
out and about hit me up if you want too < PROPFEMALE > out 
FREEDOM !! 1 
HOT TUB TIME MACHINE Round 2 !!!!! 
Took a lil nap now its time to get ready for club come to Tre ' . 
TO RANCHO !!!! ( after a lil nap ) 
my mom is sending me to take a nap :/ . thanks mom for making me feel like im 5 again . 
is now free !!!! its time to party hit me up !!! 
Why is a < PROPFEMALE > the animal for Easter ? And why does it lay eggs ? If it had to be a egg laying mammal why isn't the Easter Echidna or maybe the Easter platapus , since those are the only egg laying mammals . Happy Easter may a mutated rabbit visit ur homes and leave colorful chocolate suprises in places you wouldnt normally look :) 
Is not really feelin it 2day :\\ 
What is there 2 do on a tuesday night in sac ? 
tuesdays at old ironside is crazy fun especially if ur with someone who knows everyone in the place 
Clash of the titans !!!! 
Its friday !!!! like my cuz said \decisions decisions options options ... life . \"" 
Why am I still up ?!?!? grr 
2nd sat anyone ? if your going text me ill be floating around 
Why is it that I dont sleep at home but i can sleep in the smallest most uncomfortable chair at work :( 
< PROPFEMALE > , gutar hero , juice , hostess cakes and the PIC !!! wanna join ? 
You can't spell fantasy without N A S T Y . 
Lipstick 2night ? 
To happy hour !!! If anything's going on latter tonight hit me up via text ! 
Bislas 2night !!! be there 
8 solid hours of drinking and no < PROPFEMALE > over . and what am i doing 2night ???? round 2 
Pussycat pussycat I love you . yes i do . 
Drinking at OT come join 
Is going to bed ... unless someone calls and says they're comming over lol 
Hitting the markets with me mammy and < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Needs to get on a regular work sched so my sleep pattern can follow 
Its cold and im going back to bed to read and nap b4 the club tonight . you should come to Tre ' tonight no cover no dress code drink specials all night and beer pong with the girls from < PROPFEMALE > vu . text me if ur comming , you should . but till then you know wher eima be stop by . 
Some people wish everyday was christmas , i wish everyday was Earthday ! do something to celebrate ; recycle , walk places or carpool , use less water , plant something , etc . etc :) 
Lunch time jog then start runnin everywhere else . text me if u wanna do something 
Is going 2 attempt a nap b4 wrk at 6 ... fingers crossed 
Nap time round 2 
spending the night with some of my closest friends soudns good 2 me 
needs plans 2night text me !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Needs sleep i guess ... but i dont want to :\\ 
gets to sit in my car all day and get paid whoop whoop 
< PROPMALE > green and grandmas boy with good friends 
Sitting in the breakroom bumpin dirt nasty 
Would rather be on a plane right now then anywhere else :\\ 
Confidence is its own catalyst 
Is now awake and looking foreward to the night 
Soooo im sure i have plans 2morrow but i dont remember with who ... hit me up if its with u . 
Capitol dawg ! 
Is bonding with < PROPFIRST > Hova and LSD 
Its my friday lets do something !!!!!! 
Has no clue why I'm so restless 
Is feeling particularly black 2day seeing as I'm going home with a fresh pair of < PROPFIRST>'s and purchased them from the back of a < PROPFIRST > with blocked out window's . 
social = asian 
At times feels like I'm channeling the spirit of the late < PROPFIRST > or maybe my Dobson genes are kicking it into high gear to catch up for lost time 
Sometimes I like to wear women's underwear when no one is home ... 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for taking advantage of my stupor and posting things on my facebook . retrobution is comming 
life caught up with me thursday night and I'm not happy about it at all ... 
Is it supposed to bleed like that ? 
\Travares your so weird\ " \ 
gettin situated now its just finding somethng to do with the babies 
its going to be a super busy few days ... 
Two more days ... 
After talking to The Dyke til llate last night i realized its been way to long thank god this transition is almost over 
doesnt like this restlessness ... 
is tired from last night but 2night is drinking and \driving\ " so no sleep 2night for me . " 
workout , shower , swing dancing , drinking , sleeping at my new place , going trail riding in the morning , showering hitting pride with the boys and drinking and sleep b4 work on sunday . sounds like a busy/good weekend 
isn't a partaker but a supporter so its time to get turnt up in the lavender district . 
going to Tre ' 2night hit me up if you wanna go and ill tell you how to get on the guestlist it closes at 8 though 
misses my pool 
has thursday and friday off who wants to go on an adventure ? 
Is going to spen the night nerding it up with close friends and my favorite baby sister !!!!! 
M . Night Shamalan needs to eat a < PROPMALE > . If u watched avatar the last airbender dont see the movie 
is prolly gonna be kicking it at a friends house and singing kareoke all night unless something else comes up that sounds more entertaining 
The trasistion is over its time to move to my new place 
Hates the dmv at this moment right now < PROPMALE > lthe crying kids the broken display monitors and that stupid automated voice that tells u where to go when ur < PROPFIRST > been c < PROPMALE > led thats like 3456789176554372 decibles to low to actu < PROPMALE > ly hear 
its time for goped tag with the roommate then hiting tre with friends !!! 
look out sac ive jsut been permited mwuhahahahahaha 
Do the stanky leg 
Is done starving myself 
2nd sat !!!!! 
is ready for it to come off 
mwuhahahaha 
about 10 years ... thats how long ive had my hair long . It's been about a week without most of it and it feels amazing . 
wasnt there a movie about things comming 7's . 
needs a grip of cash in the next 24 hours for my baby : / 
is probably going to set my phone on fire later 2day 
My phone's broken if you tried to text or call me in the last few days thats why i havent responded but its getting fixed so text me after 3 to make sure i still have ur number since they might be erased 
Thank god Cuddi has some damn perseverance !!!! its going to be a good season 
feels really really really really dirty and refuses to sleep in my own bed 2night because of it :( 
is giving up sleep 
This would be funny if it wasn't so sad 
wants hooka 
Is in SF and bored who wants to go get a drink ? 
is going to mind one of these days along with my motivation 
Loves this weather but im just a little bit bored :\\ 
It's about to be an amazingly happy hour at pyramid !! 
IT'S BREAKFAST TIME !!!! I've been looking forward to this for the last 12 hours 
hats going on this weekend ??? 
Is kinda retarded ... 
has gone from inactive , bored and pessimistic to antsy and energized in the time it took to listen to one < PROPFEMALE > + the machine song 
I can't stop pissing fire !! 
is not a huge fan of facebook highjacks right now ... thnx < PROPMALE > 
Is officially back to my roots . thanx bro 
done baking now its time to run errands until bj's and pumpkin ale ... I may need a DD for this adventure . 
Never trust a big but and a smile that gurl is ... 
Cant believe my mom had a cheesecake pan and didnt tell me 
Crown shots with my dad and step mom the only thing that would make this sunday better is if Oakland can pull out a win 
like my man < PROPMALE > said , \ could this be ... \ " yes i think it is " 
fish sticks are official < PROPFEMALE > over cure of the weekend !! 
kinect is exhausting especially when ur running on lik 3 hours of sleep 
is getting ready for the hunt mwuhahahahahaha 
should stop playing online and get stuff done lol 
wine tasting done , the hunt was not lucrative , now its time to drink the night away 
wish I was jigga man , care free living 
since i have to wake up early in natomas anyways i might as well dance central till i pass out 
iss a little pissed off .. the first 2 attempts a fondant were perfect now its shitty every time i attempt it :( . quick $25 regardless 
you have to love going through the drive thru at taco hell at 4 something in the morning after a house party and seeing friends long boarding to do the same 
I achieved all but one goal this weekend and doesnt like this not finished feeling :\\ 
Does anyone know why the line to mix is so long ? 
Its time for the holiday baking marathon :) . 
Would love whoever came and cleaned my room for me 2morrow :) 
Rapin errbody is not club music and should not be played at them > : ( 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to all those people shose number i dont have 
All u can drink mimosa's then video games and bowling with the family this is going to be the best 26th-mas ever 
It is not hard to se ewhy she won an < PROPFIRST > for this movie . 
I have never felt so used as i do now . thank you < PROPFEMALE > portman and < PROPFEMALE > kunis for the < PROPMALE > mind fuck . 
I love old ladies that buy you drinks and holds great conversations all the while showering you with flattery . everyone should visit the sticky wicket once in their life 
Idk whyI never had guinness on tap b4 but i know for sure it tastes better with an < PROPFEMALE > band with an electric mandalin 
needs something to do tonight 
A night out with my sexy black wifey sounds about right 
whats going on 2night ? 
Who wants to drive me up 2 the cabin and party this weekend ?? 
FB is a wonderful thing sometimes 
Only people i know to have an after bar party is my rancho folks 
Can't wait till wed 
needs something to do 2night 
Its apparent hat i live most days like they are weekend days it might be catching on 
I love free anything but movie screenings is near the top of the list 
< PROPFEMALE > slammer , skins rock band its gonna be a bomb ass night 
Screw u shady mexican place in w sac that gave my sister and i food poisining uve ruined both of our day >:( 
Let the celebration begin !!!!! 
So the debauchary starts at 9 at < PROPMALE>'s then someplace with music . it sounds like my usual friday night but its my bday so its different ... kinda . text me if ur comming or going to b downtown 
Who the hell's going to naught gras ?!?!?!?!? 
Thanks for all the bday love and a special thanks to morman < PROPFIRST > for that shot that's still making me suffer ... but in about 3 hours ill be ready to go out and party some more . 
off to play in the yay all night god its fun being me most times :D 
There is no last call in my life 
New phone !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
At my first drag show and I'm very confused , not about my sexuality , but about feelin like a piece a meat to all the foreign Latin boys :-/ 
Decided to go larping in next month 
It's Thursday I'm thirsty but I don't know where the party is :-( 
rainy days are anisocial days :'( 
Moving with < PROPFEMALE > nunes and < PROPFEMALE > colbertson in the rain 
Its a long awaited night out with my P.I.C $1 wells music and entertainment its gonna be a good night 
I'm pretty sure someone said at one point not to take your girl with you up in the club . Espicially if your a muscle bound bro bitch that's insecure 
Dear common cold , betweem the drugs and care at my moms house and drugs and care I get at my dads you only get one day to put me out of commision becuase 2morrow starts another fun as hell party week 
So far this day has been a total waste with the exceptions of jacks with Pimpin and my visit to < PROPMALE > and busters . I'm over this \job\ " already " 
I love random calls from my recruiters :/ 
An amazing breakfast of bangers and mash and corn beef hash with two of my favorite people . Now I'm feed and going to SD for an amazing weekend . Dueces Sacto !!!!! 
I can honestly say that the traffic is a < PROPMALE > reason why I hate La . 
Just got a < PROPMALE > tongue lashing for living life like a Taio < PROPFIRST > + Young money hybrid by pimpin lol :/ 
TTime for a little sleep before an epic SF trip 
nap , workout , and plan my night , sounds like I have an eventful few hours :) 
protien shakes are sooooooooo tasty ... :/ 
EEpic 
CCinco de mayo is technically over and after 8 < PROPFEMALE > shots 5 random other shots and random adventures its time for a sober nap 
