wrapping christmas presents is a lot of work ... 

i start my new shift today ... i bet i'm gonna be tired tonight 
my mind is pretty blank at the moment - too tired to think up anything witty 
Once upon a time there was a < PROPFEMALE > who lived in a castle on an island in the middle of the sea .... 
Pop Quiz\ 
\ 
What's your favorite word ? Fubar\ 
... least favorite word ? responsibility\ 
... turns you on ? guys\ 
... turns you off ? not having a guy\ 
... favorite sound ? someone else cooking me dinner\ 
... least favorite sound ? me cooking me dinner \ 
... profession , other than your own , would you like to attempt ? Wonder Woman\ 
... profession would you not like to attempt ? clown\ 
... favorite curse word ? Fuck 
What's up with Frisbees ? 
Dream on , Little Dreamer , Dream on 
My daughter is gone for ten whole days ... I'm not sure what to do with myself :( 
I knew a couple who had 2 refrigerators . The one in the kitchen was for food and the one on the back porch was for his beer . 
I'm going camping this weekend at Patagonia but I think Thursday is going to be my get very drunk night ... just seems like the thing to do ... 
yay - i'm almost packed for camping - now i just have to clean my house in case it is robbed ( 4 loads of laundry , a sink of dishes , change the fish water , feed the cat , and sweep , mop and vaccuum ) all before tommorow even though i work until 10:30 pm ): 
Camping was awesome ... sitting with my lawn chair in the \surf\ " drinking a beer - it was excellent ... but Lizzy left today for two whole weeks ): " 
Food is love .... that is the quote on my phone and i've hear d that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach but i don't think that only applies to men cuz I love food and a person who can cook will get my vote every time 
I did my first 10 hour day and it wasn't so bad :) 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Wars :) - 
likes working with < PROPFIRST > 
has a headache ... :( 
Working a 12 hour day today ... it's hard :( 
I'm melting , melting ......... AAAAHHHHHHH 
I saw the movie UP las night with my daughter and it was very cute :) 
I'm going on vacation next month to < PROPMALE > Florida and I'm super excited 
So tired that I may actually be asleep right now as i type this message 
So one of my favorite presents today was from a co-worker who hadn't known it was my B-day but gave me a balloon with Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > and some gift wrapped chocolate chip cookies 
I think I feel a little like ... ( fill in a personal hero ) when he/she ... ( fill in super cool action or comment ) 
\You are a dousche . You know what a dousche is ; it is water and vinegar . You know what a water truck and a vinegar truck sound like when they collide . Dousche ! That's what you are . \ " - I heard this on a chat string entitled Funny Drill Seargent Quotes " 
Half of me wants to go out and the other half wants to sleep immediately - that's what ou call a conflict of interests 
I like it on the coffee table . 
About to have some pizza ... MMMMMM-MMMMMMMMM 
i found a version of the game i was looking for ( numbrix ) on the LA Times site 
i hate computers ... and I hate computer nerds who talk alot about how to fix them to us regular non-computer nerds who don't understand half of what they are saying but understand that the computer nerd is not offering to actually fix the problem 
I passed my Security + test yeserday and llife is good !!! 
In Japan , they believe your blood type indicates what kind of personality you have ... Mine dits me but my daughter's seems off ... 
still haven't seen < PROPMALE > Potter .......... aaargghhhh 
i love to shop !!!!!!!! But i hate to have to wait to unwrap them til xmas .... even if they aren't for me ... :) 
angry shark ............ muah hahahaha 
Change your profile pic to a cartoon from your childhood to support the fight against child abuse and leave it up until 12/6/10 !!!! 
I leave for vacation on Saturday ......... YAY 
Am 
OOOH !!! You are cute ! :) 
Guess what everyone !!!! I got the house i offered on . the listing is down below on my < PROPFEMALE > . Barring any unforseen issues or repairs , i will move in next month the 26th or earlier if my < PROPFEMALE > and downpayment assistance program come through earlier :) 
