WOW 2 in the morning and a po po copter has been shining their lights on or house for 30 < PROPFEMALE > and our house is surrounded by cops .... i miss Costa mesa :( 

< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > DIED !!!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!! 
SO much to do @ work ... must keep .. head ... from exploding ... 
YAY 3 day weekend !! 
Lost my sunglasses :( R.I.P Gascans 
hates being sick :( 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Z's new song \Empire State of Mind\ " is off the hook !!!!!! " 
dosent trust anyone who has over 100+ friends on Facebook .... 
Everyone has their guilty pleasures ... mine is Dethklok !!!!!!!!!!! 
eraghhhh !!! Stupid Board of Directors just decided to take a completely different turn in our integration with Namco ... goodbye all the work I just did for the past 3 months . Hello all the tons of new work I have to do now :( 
Man it sucks going back to work after a 4 day break ;( Dont want be here anymore .. must find new job before .. head explode ... 
Must .. make it ... to ... cruise ... will be ... so ... awesome ... i hate work . 
Sooooooooooo bored :( This day needs to be over !!!!! 
Wonders how total idiots become CEOs and CFOs ....... 
Jetsking in Cabo , Horseback riding in Mazatlan , ATV off roading in Puerto Vallarta , and now work on Monday ! :) 
Annoying Things To Do On An Elevator : 1 ) CRACK open your briefcase or handbag , peer Inside and ask \Got enough air in there ? \"" 
Today was a sad day for we lost a wonderful , loving brother too the long sleep of death . Vic had a kind heart and a wonderful personalty . I consider myself blessed that I was able to call him one of my close friends . 
In a sea of mundane brothers , Vic stood out as a shinning example of how a true christian brother loves , acts and is committed to his congregation and to the ones he loves . I truly wish that when I reach his age that others look to me as I and everyone that knew Vic looked to him . 
Even though his death saddens us to the core we must remember that we will see him again in paradise and he should be one more reason to make sure we are there as well . For I know that i will be anxiously waiting to embrace my good friend again and to share in the good times like we did in the past . 
Found out today that our baby is a GIRL YAY !!! I cant wait to have another Daddy's Girl running around the house :) 
I think my name wins the urbandictionary game :) 1 . < PROPFIRST > is a name for a lovely , lovely boy . ' I love < PROPFIRST >.' ' Same , he's a great guy . ' lovely sweet lush gorgeous 2 . machine , sexy , hot and makes girls go crazy \peter sure knows how to drive me insane\ " hot sexy machine yum crazy " 
A watermelon farmer was determined to scare off the local kids who went into his watermelon patch every night to eat their fill . After some thought , he made a sign that read , “WARNING ! ONE OF THESE WATERMELONS HAS BEEN INJECTED WITH CYANIDE ! ” 
He smiled smugly as he watched the kids run off the next night without eating any of his melons . A week later , the farmer was surveying his field . To his satisfaction , no watermelons were missing , but a sign next to his read , “NOW THERE ARE TWO ! ” 
chef < PROPFIRST > will be making maui short ribs with potatos au gratin and rice ! very yummy 
Gahhhh Mondays sux !! Our Blackberry server at worked died over the weekend and I spent all day pulling a Lazarus on it now my whole week is gunna be blown :/ 
Stein Um Stien ...... 
I'm so happy cause I'm a gummy bear , GUMMY BEAR !! 
Prone to all things naughty .... 
At the hospital waiting for baby #2 to come ! 
< PROPMALE > has four ducks ! 
gahhhh 1st day back at work after taking a month off for new baby bonding . It sux not being with the 3 most beautiful\ 
girls in the world but now I have 3 precious things to run home to !! 
Sweet !! The Grilled Chesse Truck was at my work today !!! 
WOOOOOO Earthquake !! 
Wooooo OC Fair starts today and runs through to Aug 15th Lets Go !!!! Some pretty sweet Band line ups ( except < PROPFIRST > lambert boooo ) ZZ TOP plays on the last day !!! Wooooooo 
gahhhh why have all the exxon stations turned into 76 stations ??? 
Saw the new fantasmic .. liked the old dragon better .. 
WOW this is the best line of a IT job posting I have ever seen !! What kind of a hell hole place must this be to have this under requirements : Highest level of emotional stability required to deal effectively with \ 
multiple priorities , tight deadlines , occasional user dissention , and \ 
continuous change LOL 
Ughhh was sick this weekend , had to drag my sick butt to work today but on a bright note I GOTZ MAH NEW PHONE !!! DroidZ X baby !!!! 
Whyis it that when I'm not seriously looking for a job there are tons of job openings but when I seriously start looking there are practically no job openings ??? lame .. 
Song of the week : The High Road by Broken Bells\ 
\ 
Insanely good song enjoy it !! 
blaaahhhhhhhh . NET Framework patches and upgrades take fooorrreeevverrrr to install !!!!!!!! ;( 
Musician of the month : UNKNOWN HINSON is freakin funny and plays good music !!! CD : Future is Unknown Songs : \Your Man is .... \ " \ " I cleaned out a room(in my trailer for you)\ " \ " Foggy Windows\ " LOL so awesome !!! Pine cones and party liquor woooo !! " 
\If\ 
The wifey made the best Koren kogi tacos ever last night !!!!!! Very yummy !!! 
You know you have a huge < PROPMALE > streak in you when A . you don't have any friends because people cant stand you or B . You don't have any friends because you cant stand other people . I believe I fall under B . :) 
Song of the week : Punk Rocker feat Iggy Pop by the Teddybears . An old song but still good ! Iggy still got it ! 
I LOVE IT !!! I LOOOOOVVEEE IT !! 
Yummy anniversary dinner !!! Yay 3 years down eternity to go !! 
wow awesome another accident ... this time almost lost my hand i think this is #4 or 5 with this car ..... 
“There’s no such thing as a water landing . It’s called crashing\ 
into the ocean . ” -Pilot , South < PROPFEMALE > 
WOW awesome why to start a Monday ... i saw a big puddle in front of our building and i was like \SWEET I Luv driving through puddles\ " but it turned out to be poo poo water and everyone driving into work drove through it so now the parking structure smells like mega poo poo .. ironically a good way to describe Mondays :) " 
Freezing my butt off camping at < PROPMALE > mar beach :) 
Loved spending time with the wife and kids at camping .. did not love gaining almost 10 pounds form all the eating ;( 
Woooooo new version of Android OS V 2.3 !! Flash support finally !!! Now the perfect phone ! 
bad things happen to good people ;( 
zufh *!\\" ! xyHZgzz !!! *\" zrrzzzxzy ? " 
Family day at Disneyland last night , was fun but just not the same :( 
Mazzy < PROPFEMALE > = awesome !!! 
Wooooo watching tron at the el capitan ! !!! 
Spent an awesome time at the Long Beach Aquarium of the Pacific with my girls ! 
I just had the most awesome Eggs < PROPMALE > ever !!! My super awesome wifey made them from scratch ! 
Woooo best game ever about to go down !!! Gooooo steelers !!!! BLACK AND YELLOW , BLACK AND YELLOW !!! 
YES WOOOHOOOO !!! BEST DIVISION GAME EVER !!!! STEELERS ALL THE WAY !! 
WOOOOO BLACK AND YELLOW !!! Super bowl baby !!! Sorry Jets u gunna lose ! 
After watching Food Inc . and Super Size me back to back , I never want to eat fast food again !!! 
STEELERS !!!! 2nd half is ours !!! Black and yellow !!! 
Lrn how 2 catch greenbay !! 
Hate ... work ... sooooo much ..... 
@ the Dentist :( 
Yeaahhhh way too crowded at disney for a weekday :( 
\The wicked will get theirs in the end but the stupid will get theirs much sooner \"" 
Woooo GetShaved is opening up a store in Torrance !! This Friday < PROPMALE > & Western best shaved ice you will ever have !!!! You can thank me later :) 
. Such is the nature of the competition between the strong and the weak of the intellect . Such is the pattern of ' exploitation ' for which you have damned the strong 
More games need CCR and snazzy jazz flute music in them ! 
