Relaxing after a long day with my girls at the LA Zoo ...... tired now but can't sleep 

Being lazy today ... Sometimes it's nice to do absolutely nothing . 
Wondering what we will do today 
i hate mondays !!! Is it over yet ? I just want July 4th to be here so I will be in Vegas having fun ! 
You guys seriously need to let me know when you are going to be in Vegas ! I am there about once a month and would love to meet up with some old friends ! 
went for a hike today ndswimming in the lake and then through the sprinklers on the golf course 
Wishing I was home for the 4th this year ...... miss the river and the fireworks :( 
Had a busy weekend and long busy day at work today 
Wondering what's next ......... 
Watching North & South with my kids 
Hoping to have a fun weekend 
Can't believe it's a Saturday night and I am sitting at home with nothing to do 
Spending the day getting my house in order and hopefully relax sometime today before I have to go back to work tomorrow 
Finally cooling down from a hellishly hot day 
Some men can be so stupid ! 
Why is it that some people will say they will watch my kids when I need them to , but when I really need them to they won't ? I need a night without my kids for once ! 
Chillin at home cleanin my house 
Looking forward to my trip to the beach with my girls ! A much needed break from this town ! 
Enjoying my trip to Monterey with my girls ! We are having so much fun ! 
Relaxing in my hotel room after a long day at Fisheman's Wharf and Cannery Row . Tomorrow , the Beach and Big Sur on the way home ! 
Finally home from my little vacation with my girls ! 
Just spent the day at Magic Mountain with my oldest ! Ready to go back to work now ! 
Hoping tomorrow is a better day than today ! I had to yell at too many people today and none of them were inmates ! 
One more week until my vacation ! 
It's finally Friday and no kids tomorrow night ! Now just gotta find something to do ! :) 
Gonna go out .... not sure what I'm doing or where I am going yet but I am going ! 
Well today was a totally wasted day . Had a sitter for the kids and did absolutely nothing . Sometimes I hate this town ! 
Been working on music for a wedding . Tired now gonna call it a night . Gotta work tomorrow . One more week til my vacation ! 
Gonna go outside and see if I can see any of the meteor showers 
You know it seems like I had more money when I actually made less than I do now . Sick of being broke and everyone wanting money from me when all I am trying to do is give my kids what they need . 
Had a really nice day today walking around Tehachapi with an awesome guy and his little girl :) 
Getting ready to go see the car show and < PROPFEMALE > out in town for a while 
is finally relaxing after 2 long days of moving 
Going to bed .... still tired from moving ...... 
has it really already been 8 years since 9/11 ? 
Finally at home from a nice weekend trip to Sacramento , Lake Tahoe and Mammoth 
Gonna chill at home this weekend and get my house in order . 
Got a lot accomplished today ....... my house asctually looks lived in now ! :) 
Finally got everything except for the trash moved out of the old house to the new one ! All thats left now is to do some cleaning ! :) 
Finally sitting down after folding my and my daughters clothes and putting them away . Just now eating my dinner and then gonna relax for the evening . 
Definitely ready for the weekend ! Been a long week ..... ready to relax ! 
Relaxing before the kids come home 
Go Yankees and the Chargers ! 
Everything is done at the old house ! Don't have to ever go back there again .... woo hoo ! 
Definitely ready for the weekend ! The week is dragging by ...... 
Getting ready for halloween ! Almost my favorite holiday of the year ! Love scaring the shit out of kids :) 
Feeling better after doing nothing but layin around , watching movies for the past 2 days and drinking about a gallon of orange juice . 
Tired .... long day 
Goin out tonight but miss my girls already ! Too quiet without them ! 
Sittin at home watchin a movie with my sister ! 
Today has probably been one of the wierdest days of my life ..... but I like it ! 
Tired tonight ..... glad tomorrow is Friday ! 
I hate this wind ! Both kids home today with bad sinus headaches and coughing :( 
Got my yardwork done and the rest of the halloween decorations out .... now I'm tired . 
Woo hoo Go Yankees ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is sick :( Woke her up this morning for school and she started throwing up . I hope it doesn't last long . I hate when they are sick :( 
Still home with < PROPFEMALE > . She had a fever most of the night . Finally got it to go down so now she's sleeping . 
Gotta take < PROPFEMALE > to the doctor today ... She is still sick . Hopefully there is something that will make her better . 
Cant wait for the weekend .... headin for the beach 
Wishin my computer was working right so i could get rid of all these requests ! 
Thank you to all the veterans and all military personnel giving their time to give everyone else what we have ! If I could do it again I would ! 
Gotta love 5 year olds who think they can tell adult what to do and control what they do .... Hoping this is just a phase that will pass quickly . 
Finally got my computer to work for a bit ..... This weekend went by way too fast .... back to work tomorrow :( 
Got a headache that just wont go away 
Still feel like crap and can't breathe every evening but sittin here watching < PROPMALE > with the girls and figuring out my new computer . 
Woo hoo ! Snow ... lots of it .... Look out for all the stupid people trying to drive in it ! 
Tired after being up all night with a sick < PROPFEMALE > . Should have known not to eat Grandpas spaghetti ! 
Feels like all my insides are inside out ..... Can't get comfortable enough to sleep more than 1/2 hour :( Gotta love my girls though they trying to take care of me . 
Watching Christmas movies in peace with my girls .... 
Wow girls fell asleep so now I'm watching Top Gun without them :( They are missing out tonight .... good thing i'm recording it for them :) 
Wanting control of my house back ...... I dread leaving my bedroom in the mornings ... I feel like I am an outsider in my own God Damn house ! This is the absolute last time I ever let anyone stay at my house . I need my privacy and freedom back ! 
Ahhh .... peace again tonight .... gotta love hockey nights ! 
I am really amazed at how some people get such a kick out of other people being unhappy . That just shows me just how unhappy these people are . It's sad , really . There are some people who would do anything to try to help other people and it usually backfires in some way .... that doesn't make it funny , it's life . Grow up people , life is short , do what you can and learn from everything . 
Got a lot accomplished today ... Got to shoot , breathe in some OC powder when I couldnt breathe anyway , swing a baton around and then clean my kitchen when I got home .... time to relax now :) 
Watching Christmas movies with my girls again ...... and relaxing :) 
Tryin to figure out what I want to eat for dinner 
Not looking forward to the next week without my girls ...... I hope it goes by fast ! I really am starting to hate holidays , especially when there are so many stupid people in this world . 
Cleaned my garage and put up Christmas lights for my girls for when they come home . Now that I sat down I am really tired . 
Had just a wonderful day working today ......... 
Got to freeze my butt off at work today and deal with stupid people all day today , but then again , I do that every day . Really getting tired of the bullshit and people acting stupid and having to give people instructions on how to do everything when they are adults and can watch and learn for themselves . 
Trying to plan what I'm gonna do while i'm on vacation . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all who get to enjoy it . I hope all that do appreciate their families and loved ones and getting to be with them because not all are that fortunate . 
Had a nice evening with friends and family ( ex-in-laws ) , a niece who made the evening a little easier , since I miss my own kids , who will be home tomorrow ! I can't wait to have them home again ! 
Totally blessed to have 2 of the best daughters I could ever ask for ! I am so glad to have them home again ! I couldn't ask for a better Christmas present ! 
Thought I got paid today :( Guess I'll have to do all my runnin around tomorrow . 
How many fake teenager shows can there possibly be on the disney channel ? At least in cartoons kids understand that is not real life ..... but with real people in them they think it is real and that's how life is supposed to be . 
What is it about the Beach Boys and the Beatles that always make you feel good ? 
Kids go back to school tomorrow . I wish they had another week of vacation :( 
Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered BABY LOSS ??? the majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss is a taboo ??? break the silence ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ Babies Gone- too soon but never forgotten about !! 
Looking forward to tomorrow ! 
Wishing I could be at home to be with my family right now . I am losing too many people in my family that meant a lot to me and I haven't been able to see them in years :( 
Sittin here watchin some movies with all my girls :) 
Lovin the rain ! 
Hoping school is not closed tomorrow for no reason . I guess there is already a 2 hour delay .......... 
Tired after cleaning all evening and still have more to clean ........ gotta get up early so gotta get some rest sometime 
Woo hoo ! It's snowing again ! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Gotta study for my Sergeant interview ....... I really hate interviews ! 
Woo Hoo ! Finally got my new phone ! Just need to figure it out now .......... 
SERIOUSLY !? Beyonce really should not try to sing any Alanis Morrissette songs . That was just horrible . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from Rectal Cranial Inversion . Rectal Cranial Inversion , otherwise known as Head Up Your Ass Syndrome , affects the lives of many . There is still no known cure for Rectal Cranial Inversion , but we can raise awareness ! 93% won't copy and paste this , mainly because they already suffer from RCI . 
I really wish it would either just rain or just snow . Not go back and forth .... gonna make the roads worse if it keeps this up ! 
Just spent 4 hours in a classroom full of kindergardeners helping out with a Valentines day party . 
I forgot how much I liked Frosted Shredded Wheat ! It's not often i actually have time to eat breakfast . 
I feel like my head is gonna explode ! My allergies have been bugging me all day , sneezing nonstop and now my sinuses are all clogged up . 
Wishing I felt like enjoying the beautiful weather we are having . 
Did I ever mention how much I hate waiting ? 
Gonna go < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends and play some poker .... perfect for this weather ! 
wondering why I even bother watching the news ..... it just pisses me off . 
Hopefully tomorrow is better than today .......... 
Well off to Bakersfield in a bit to waste the day ! 
Back home after a long 2 days .... couldn't be happier ! 
Enjoying my time with all my girls ! They are definitely a blessing ! 
It's raining again ... perfect night for watching movies with my girls 
Ok I am tired of the cold weather now .... ready for summer I think . 
Snow day for kids today ! Wasn't looking forward to going out in this weather anyway :) 
I thought it was supposed to stop snowing ? 
Its Daughter Week !!! ? If you have one Daughter or Granddaughter or more , who makes your life interesting and fun , Is a blessing in your life and makes life worth living , copy and paste this to your status . ? The world would not be the same without our beautiful GIRLS ... 
is an adult living in the real world , where I have responsibilities , I make my own decisions and I don't apologise for putting my family first 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence . i was born in Charleston , WV . 
ANYBODY IN THIS COUNTRY PATRIOTIC ANYMORE !?! Bra colors made FaceBook news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!!! This should appear in everyone's status ! Please do this 
Ok , so if I offend anyone by this , I'm sorry but I really would like to know why the Jehovah Witness's celebrate the death of Jesus but not his birth . 
For my Savior , Jesus Christ , A new Facebook challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost , I hope I am right !!! Let's lift up HIS name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of You and Me . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . Im not ashamed 
Happy Easter , everyone ! Had a great morning so far with my girls . We enjoyed goin to church this morning .... thank you < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Lets light up West < PROPFEMALE > tonight by turning on your porch light and burn it all night to show support for the miners and their families ............ EVEN those outside of WV , turn on your porch light for these men !!! 
my heart goes out to the families of the 29 fallen miners , may the lord wrap his arms around them and comfort them in their time of heartbreak . I am so very proud to be a Mountaineer and very Proud of our WV Coal Miners ! My thoughts and prayers are with you . 
As we lay them down to sleep . I pray the LORD their souls to keep . Keep their famlies in your heart . For their miners had to part . Show the famlies that we care . Copy , paste then push share !!!! From a PROUD WEST VIRGINIAN Our Hearts are with you all !! 
Just to let everyone knows that gives a shit ..... Some Biatch stole my brand new phone today at the mall ... so , if I had your number , I don't any longer . I need everyones phone < PROPFIRST > again . Stupid welfare abusing bitches cant work for what they have so they just steal it instead . Thank God for insurance ! 
Tomorrow HAS to be a better day !!!! 
Today was a much better day ! :) 
whats the deal with this weather ? I really hope it stops by morning if i can even sleep though it . sounds like im in a hurricane ! 
Really tired of this weather . Are we ever gonna get summer this year ? 
Tough girls come from New York , sweet girls theyre from Alabama but West < PROPFEMALE > girls , we have fire and ice in our blood . We can ride four wheelers , be a princess , throw a left hook , and drink with the boys all while making some moonshine darlin and if we have a opinion you know your gonna hear it .. I Love being a West < PROPFEMALE > girl !! 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the UnitedStates of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : one Nation under GOD , indivisible , With < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ! Let's see how many americans will repost ! 
Wow ! My 6 year old is dancin away to some Blood Sweat & Tears while doing her homework ........ She is a wierd one :) 
Is it gonna get warm anytime soon ? I am tired of being cold :( 
camping with friends and daughters and daughters friends for her 12th birthday party 
Survived the camping trip ! Let's see what this week is gonna be like ! 
Off to the Country Throwdown concert with my daughter , her friend and my bestest ! Should be a fun day ! 
Awesome concert tonight ! Very friendly and talented people on this tour ! 
Missing my girls ........ it's too quiet without the constant bickering :( 
My girls come home tomorrow ! I can't wait ! I miss them so much ! 
Ok to everyone who lives in Tehachapi and doesn't know me ..... stay out of my business . I really am sorry your lives are so non eventful that you have to dwell on my life . I really don't need a bunch of Tehachapi lowlife snobs judging me . Live your own life and stay out of mine ! 
Sorry guys ! I am just venting about these people that know absolutely nothing about me who want to interfere in my life and talk about something that is none of their business . Nothing was intended toward any of my friends on here . 
I thought Mondays were only supposed to be bad when you are at work ? 
Camping trip to Mammoth on Wednesday ! Can't wait but still so much to do ! 
Today was the best 4th of July I have ever had ! Spent the day watching my girls have fun at the park and then headed to Lancaster and watched the fireworks with one of the nicest guys I have met in a long time :) 
Ok I really feel old now :( I somehow managed to pinch a nerve in my neck or back and now have very limited movement of my head , neck , upper back and right arm ! Not good ! Thank God I have a high pain tolerance because this is pretty bad ! 
I am amazed how much a baby can learn in one day ! She's mastered rolling over and already pushing herself forward and ate some carrots today and actually liked them ! 
Im off to prison ...... i mean work ! :) 
moving is all done :) now i get to unpack and reorganize again ! 
ok so my six year old says that < PROPMALE > should have played a < PROPFEMALE > in around the world in 80 days ! 
ok so the baby just has alergies and its causing her to wheeze but the dr says she weighs too much ! 
so are we getting furloughed again ?.. 
got more unpacked this evening . cant wait to get my house organized ! mountain fest this weekend ! woo hoo i need a break from organizing ! 
hmmmmm .......... :-) 
had an awesome weekend with some good friends , my girls , family and the guy of my dreams :) 
:-) 
sometimes u just have to trust and believe and let things just happen :-) 
well had a kinda stressful day today with the fire too close to home but evening ended great with the best kids and man i could ask for :-) 
what did i do to be this lucky ? :-) 
Finally friday but no 3 day weekend for me 
Why does life have to be so complicated ? 
Missing my friend 
Damn songs ( and thoughts ) in my head won't let me sleep !!!! Lol someone is gonna pay for this ! 
Why is it that people feel they can tell you their opinion but when you tell them yours they get all offensive . I do what I can to give my kids what they need . Thanks to those who support me , fuck everyone who doesn't . I've proven you wrong before , I can do it again ! 
Seduce my mind and you can have my body , find my soul and I'm yours forever . 
Would be awesome if I could sleep ! 
Ugh not feeling very good :-( 
... Don't let the sadness of your past & the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present 
What doesn't kill us makes us stronger 
Life ain't always beautiful ..... 
How many times can your heart be broken before it can't be healed ? 
Love is a shelter in a raging storm . Love is peace in the middle of a war . \ 
No , love is not a fight but it's something worth fighting for . 
All I want is happiness for everyone and I keep hurting everyone that I love . This isn't how I wanted things to be . 
Why can't our lives have the happy endings that are in movies ? And why does everything have to hurt so much ? They don't show that in the movies . 
Missing my everyone that makes my life complete :( 
Thankful for all the people who have entered my life ...... I wouldn't be who I am today if not for these people . I'm also thankful that some are no longer in my life because that has made me an even better person . There are those who I would give anything to have with me , and they WILL be home soon where they belong . I am also thankful to all my friends who have stood by me through everything :) 
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you , pales in comparison to what lies inside of you . ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Can't sleep ..... can't get warm and the wind needs to stop . :( 
Wishing my brain had an off switch so I could sleep :( 
Is there something wrong with me when i fight my boredom by volunteering to go to work ? 
Feel like crap ...... gonna snuggle up in bed and watch a movie I think 
I do not wish to be everything to everyone , but I would like to be something to someone . 
Really hating Tehachapi and it's damn wind ! 
Faith is to believe what you do not see ; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe . 
At the request of a facebook friend - We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON ......... EVERYONE'S ... wall !! Even if its only for an hour . " 
Would give anything to be asleep right now . 
Amazing how 16 hours of being at work seems like nothing when I would otherwise be bored sitting at home . 
\Loneliness and the feeling of being unwanted is the most terrible poverty . \ " \ 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec 6th ) there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for a campaign against violence on children . So do it ! 
BRRRRR ............ can't get warm :( 
I hate when I am looking for something and I can't find it but I know it's here . 
I can't change what's been and gone . It's made me the person I am today . I'm not perfect but I'm happy and the only people who matter are those who love me xxx 
Waiting again as usual ........ 
Woo Hoo ! No longer in criminal status ! No more court for anything other than my kids ! 
Really hate seeing people I care for deeply waste their love on people who only take advantage of and play head games with them . And there's absolutely nothing I can do but sit back and watch them get hurt over and over again :( 
I hate waiting in a room full of disgusting dirty drug abusing lowlifes . Hurry up and get this day over with already ! 
One baby home ..... 2 more to go :-) 
loves when people try to cause problems in my life because they are jealous . Hate me if you must , but I have something you will never have . 
Can't believe my life is important enough that you talk about it to everybody . Sorry your life isn't worth talking about . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Thank you to all my friends and family ...... you give me the best present anyone could ask for :) 
Hopes everyone had a great Christmas . I definitely enjoyed my day :) Got to be with the most important people in my life today ..... best christmas present ever ! 
Finally ! A whole day to spend with my baby ! 
Feeling like you're not good enough is the worst feeling , but that's something I experience everyday . 
Sitting here , bored out of my mind , can't sleep and can't stop thinking about someone . 
Ya know , I hate it how people are SO nice to you and try SO hard when they want something , but totally ignore you when they don't 
Finally home from a fun-filled night of what some of us call work . Time for me to do my own sleep study ..... 
Really hate rude , impatient people . 
Wind and a sick child ...... 2 of the many things keeping me from sleeping yet again tonight . 
Oh that's too bad ...... I must have hit a sore spot . I got blocked from someones profile :-) My day is almost complete . 
Birthday is starting off fucking great ....... screaming child at midnight . Bad thing is shes half asleep and nothing is shutting her 
Really tired of living on empty hopes and dreams and being teased with happiness to have it all taken away 
Thank you to all my friends who wished me a happy birthday 
It's amazing how some people will put themselves through hell just to make people who don't desrve it happy ...... 
Good night all ! Gonna try to rest up for my relaxing day off tomorrow and hopefully an interesting evening tomorrow night ! ;-) 
Had an extremely nice night ...... hoping to have many more like tonight ! Good night all and sweet dreams :-) 
YOU MIGHT BE ABLE TO FOOL PEOPLE ... BUT YOUR NOT FOOLING GOD .... SO WHATEVER A MAN SOWS HE WILL REEP . 
Can't wait to get started on my new house ! 
What a beautiful day ! 
Wow so much for the new house ....... i hate people sometimes 
Thinks its funny how people who try the hardest ends up getting screwed 
I hate iphones .............. 
Happy singles awareness day everyone ! 
Ok 2 down how many more can i do ? 
Did a freight train run me over at the gate last night and i didnt know it ? I feel like shit today :( 
Feeling much better today after almost a full day of sleep . Hoping i slept it all away . I hate being sick . 
Moving into my new place next Thursday and Friday ....... Anyone want to help ? 
Had a great evening with my beautiful girls this evening . They are definitely the best kids i could possibly ask for ! I love you girls ! 
Tired ..... got some stuff put away today but not enough . 
Home trying to motivate myself to unpack boxes but my mind keeps wandering ............. 
Why is it that everything bad happens to you all at once and the good things trickle into your life one thing at a time ? Not complainin but its about damn time ! 
ok japan got their < PROPMALE > quake ...... makes me wonder how long before one happens here . 
cant sleep ...... again . 
Another day is done and nothing has changed ..... 
Happy St < PROPFIRST>'s day everyone ! 
Is spring ever gonna get here ? I am so tired of cold weather ! 
Hate snow ...... hope I can get home ..... I thought it was supposed to be spring already ? 
Well the world didnt end today ........ again 
