Happy Birthday Sander Have a Great day 

I want to wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Chirstmas and a Happy New Year from our family to all of our friends I will not have timeon Christmas Day . God Bless Everyone 
Happy New Year To everyone My Prayer is that 2010 is the best year ever !!! 
counting down to the new year had a great dinner with my little sis and brother in law at Texas de Brazil and now hubby is setting off fireworks woo hoo the new year is almost here and it is going to be even better then this year 
Thank God its the weekend I need some me time 
Going to bed 
I wish I could sleep ..... up again tonight 
I'm not real happy at this point . After working overtime ALL week and still having to work today . I came home last night only to find out that my husband changed my voice mail message what the hell It is my phone in my name that I pay for it just makes me mad 
Thank God it's Friday !!!!!!! 
Woo Hoo Its Friday !!!! Big Dog show this weekend come out and support the Dogs and get some poochie smooches . 
Glad to be home . Finally get sit down and have a glass of wine or two before it starts all over again . Hopefully this week will be better then last week . 
Unwinding after a hard day at work . Sitting down with my good old friend Belvedere trying to relax 
The crisp cool air touching my skin , The Bright Full < PROPFEMALE > that Lights the sky , The man I love snoring in bed . What could get better then this ? 
Just had lunch iwith my < PROPFEMALE > . Now relaxing and watching horror movies . 
Early Sat . morning unable to sleep wish I could get rid of this cold . Going to take a pill maybe then I will be able to rest rest rest at least I don't have to work this weekend . So it's going to be all about me !!!! 
Ok I am ready to start my day . My husband is out of town just me and the dogs and the remote control 
I was just in my garden and I cannot believe how fast things are growing soon I will be harvesting . What a glorious day here is < PROPMALE > 
Happy Halloween It is another glorious day here in O town 
Ok I did my part , Get out there in vote . It is now time to Reclaim < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
If\ 
your Dad is , or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad\ 
ever , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he\ 
is in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone\ 
know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him ! ???? 
Sunday Morning getting ready for church service . Trying to stay warm and my husband wont turn on the heat he just wants to fight me in every way today life is just Grand 
It's another Monday I hope it goes by fast 
It was very nice being home from work before dark . Sharing a great night with my husband and dogs . Some times it is just the simple things that are always the best 
Can anyone tell me why planning a holiday dinner with family always has to be so hard . I pray that one year everyone will get on the same < PROPFEMALE > and not make about themselves . 
It's hump day the weekend is almost here 
Friday is almost here WooHoo 
Thank God it is Friday I have today and a few hours on Sat the rest of the time is mine 
Be naughty , Its more fun then being nice !!!! 
“For those who believe , no proof is necessary . For those who don't believe , no proof is possible . 
Looking forward to getting my day started so it can be over faster 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone . It has been a very busy year however I am thankful for all my new and old friends for making this a very blessed year for me . I have a lot to be thankful for . Thanks Again 
Just finished my workout to burn off the carbs from yesterday ready to shop to I Drop , Hopefullput Drago will be in his new hometoday . Spend time with mom and dad . I think I would have less to do if I was at work Oh no did I say that I think its about the same amount of work LOL 
Just got home from shopping Now it time to watch the game . I guess im rooting for FSU don't like the gators 
I wanted to exprees my Thanks to all the folks that helped me find Drago a forever home . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for providing that forever home . 
It was a long day at work . Trying to unwind and get some sleep , however nothing is working 
I am glad to have made it through the day so much to do and no time to do it Christmas is not that far away so maybe I should start shopping 
Ok so I now have started my shopping online maybe I will get all this done before Christmas 
Ok it Friday and it needs to 5:30 pm so I can start my weekend 
Ok it Friday and it needs to be 5:30 pm so I can start my weekend 
Ok finally home about to start baking 
The day needs to end I want to go home and relax 
This Day Needs to End Already 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . I am posting this now since I will not have a < PROPMALE > to do so again before the Holiday 
I hope everyone's holiday was as wonderful as mine 
BUON ANNO Happy New Years 
I am married to the best man on the planet he takes such good care of me . However he can still push my buttons 
Wow what a day today has been so far getting a lot done . Just want the day to be over soon 
Finally home going to get in bed early and try and get some well needed rest . Today was a very enlightening day . Thanks to my girls < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for being there for me today . 
Trying to get started today nausea is not fun 
Wow service was real good this morning . Had wonderful lunch with my hubby now we are relaxing watch a movie . S undays are my favorite day , however they just go by so fast 
Ok it time to start the work week . Let's get it started already so It can be over and I can have another weekend . 
I am a very blessed person . I love my life and all the people in it friends and family alike 
Today is National Hot Pastrami Day . 
Chilling with my dog having a cup of < PROPFIRST > 
Big day today keep us in your prayers 
American Idol we will see how it will be without < PROPMALE > 
My sweet baby girl Asti is always so happy when I come home why cant husbands be more like dogs 
The < PROPFEMALE > is so bright it lights my back yard like a spot light Cosmos < PROPFEMALE > Che < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Cause an Uproar !!!! 
Rain rain go away come again another day 
American Idol whew all I can say maybe they should record themselves before they audition so they can hear themselves on the other hand if they are tone deaf they won't hear how bad they are 
Enjoying some me time with full control of the remote control 
American Idol OMG all I can say is ......... Tone deaf 
< PROPFEMALE > Hollywood week begins let the games begin 
Why Why Why do I subject myself to all this strife 
Congratulations to all my friends who were at the garden for the big show there can only be one BIS but you ALL are winners for just being there . 
Its the weekend whew who 
On my way to the Fl State Fair 
At the Daytona 500 and it seems like it's getting hotter by the sec . 
Some people just need know how to say NO instead they play games and give you every excuse in the . Book and they think there fooling you or and you don't know what they are doing NOT 
Watching American Idol 
Trying to relax after a real busy day knowing that Sat will be long and hard however I have the best team in world to help me get through it You guys know I love you 
At work wanting this day to end so I can go and start my weekend 
Blue has never been bluer , True has never been true , < PROPFEMALE > has never tasted so sweet , there is a song in the breeze , a millon voices of praise . A < PROPFEMALE > has never been redder , The Sun has never been brighter , if I could find the wright words to say You wouldnt cry for me today . 
Having a glass of wine watching < PROPFEMALE > Idol 
TGIF 
Relaxing watching American Idol top 13 
Why is it always the people you care about the most end up being the biggest jerk faces on the planet 
One more day and then the weekend and oh my how busy Im going to be 
What a beautiful spring morning I was just out back in the garden everything is in bloom birds a singing dogs are not digging holes It is very peaceful . I wish I could stay here all day just like this . 
Finally home for the rest of the day . Out by the pool I will be chilling the rest of the weekend will be nothing but relaxing . 
Ok calzones are In the oven . now I get to finally sit down . With a wonderful glass of red wine . While I listen to Puccini It doesnt get better then this 
Finally home one more day down for the week only 4 more to go 
Banana < PROPFEMALE > 
Banana , cherry 
Know your role and shut your mouth It's time for The Rock 
