pissed 

< PROPFIRST > jensky is a sexy bitch .... getting my eye brow pierced 
after five days after i get my eye brow done .. he just now notices . what a drunk 
i gotta hot date ....... with your mother 
i am F.U.B.A.R 
back to reality ... everything sucks 
A.K. anyone ??? 
itsssss hooootttt aaaaasssss fffffuuuuuuccccccckkkkkkk 
is wondering why the hell am i playin wii fit with my brother 
MISSES HIS HAIR !!!!!!! 
feelin shitty 
should i put a hoop in or a bar ???? 
Planns on getting wasted .. like cant walk wasted 
Sittin at bar 
bout to < PROPMALE > out on some delicious ass food 
is full 
Feels so good to be out school 
Saaaaaayyin FFuuuuuccckkk Deleting the aaacccoououunnnnt 
Farmville is gay as fuck ... thats what im thinking 
futtin noise 
just gonna fade away 
Happy new years everyone 
didnt have a lick of alcohol last night , but still had fun . plus im watchin kevins dawgie Blue 
Literally hasnt done < PROPFIRST > shit all day 
a lil chili cook off at the bar . prepare for the heartburn 
Me and < PROPMALE > have formed an alliance and anyone who dare poketh thou will be conquored by the long finger of < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
Is so whiffeled out of his mind !! 
Its weird how you can make someone elses day by ruining yours . its funny how shit works out 
Mr. Lorang and I are taking Mr. Moore to the airport ... That son of a Bitch 
sadly im startin to feel alot better without the need of my budweiser ... disappointing :( 
todays is oh so nice . and tomorrow is supposed to get even better 
DUUUUDE its soooo flippin nice out . 
gonna get all my hair cut off . 
I was told never burn down bridges i would have to cross in the future .. well luckily for me theres one bridge left and lets see how this one goes 
Phish starts they're tour on the 11th of june . guess who is goin to see the first show in Chicago . 
Hey Pig Piggy Pig Pig 
Me and my brother are hanging out with our good friend Mr. Kush 
Its a beautiful Flippin day Mr. Bigglesworth .. 
Damn today is even gonna be better .. yes mam 
Woke up to Nine Inch Nails in my ear drum .... just peachy 
feeels so good to be in my own bed .. 
may not be a smoker but he always knows whats goin on 
welll looks like im up here for good 
Fluffhead 
Some shit is just scary as hell 
well for bein gone a couple of days i sure got one hell of a welcome back from the leetards 
wwhhhhooooaaa im gonna get fucked by the long < PROPMALE > of the law today haha 
DickNose 
woke up to chocolate chip pancakes .. the greatest hhhmmmm 
its a nice ass day out i love it .. some dg 
Boy grillin out with some beers .. couldnt ask for anything more 
Nothing is turning out the way i planned .... 
You have stains like blood on your teeth 
Memories fade , Like lookin through a fogged mirror . 
some Train to the motha fuckin Wreck ... hellz yeah .. CHOO CHOO 
I'm just an effigy to be disgraced , to be defaced , your need for me has been replaced . and if I can't have everything well then just give me a taste !! 
Gonna take my lil dog to the park .. what a glorious day ha 
if ya bring a travel mug to starbucks . they hook ya up FOR FREE !! think about it coffee drinkers 
wake n bake to the new southpark ... classic 
well had a semi productive day . went to the geology museum . pretty interestin . now sittin on the porch and enjoyin the lovely weather 
< PROPFIRST > is having a wild time . hangin with the brother . 
really wishes he didnt do most of the shit he did last night 
hell yeah breakfast for dinner fuck yeah 
WAKIN UP SUCKS 
in that state of mind to say Fuck It . 
A Gin & Juice Wrap filled with Wreck .. better strap in !! 
My goal is to pass pluto and keep going . ima astronaut hah 
Today was A Great Success 
shit was good last night but wakin up .. i flippin hate it 
havent ate in tweleve hours not a happy camper 
chinese food .. wurd 
i need a pick-me-up 
Fuckin Gingers they have no damn souls 
< PROPFEMALE > bored . and theres no body i can chill with 
gonna downtown with my pup to get some eye brow studs .. thanks mom ya jerk 
hangin out with my favorite mexican haha 
gonna avatar it up 
i would never see the day where i saw a < PROPFIRST > on 32 inch spinners .. classic 
buuuurrrnnnnneeedddd oooouuuuuttt 
feels like shambles on the inside . 
my head is gettin fucked with like none other ... not cool 
interestin day wooooooooohoooooooooo 
bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks 
squiggly line in my eye im watching you . 
grillin out all day every day never gets old especially with a master chef 
really wants to enjoy this day when im off of work 
Is makin today my bitch 
Fuck Facebook . Makin me waste my time and shit .. Haha Fuck 
Fuck work this early 
Above the trees where < PROPFIRST > breathes , we float upon the air 
it sucks wakin up this early 
Im feelin Real good 
is it just like you imagined 
headin out to the disc golf course . its such a beautiful day 
same shit different day . 
bored as a sin 
it is about that time 
“The unreal is more powerful than the real , because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it . because its only intangible ideas , concepts , beliefs , fantasies that last . stone crumbles . wood rots . people , well , they die . but things as fragile as a thought , a dream , a legend , they can go on and on . ” 
Et il est < PROPFEMALE > jour arrivé , Marte < PROPFEMALE > r < PROPFEMALE > ciel , Et < PROPFEMALE > rte < PROPFEMALE > r la mer , Et la mer avait embrassé moi , Et la délivré moi de < PROPFEMALE > cellu < PROPFEMALE > , Rien ne peut m'arrêter < PROPFEMALE > intenant .. 
moooooooooooooooo 
oink 
Singin the < PROPFEMALE > song . by myself 
tired as the troll under your bridge 
ddddddddddduuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuudddddddddddddddddddeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ... i feel effed up 
aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh . 
My God . W 
Volcano 
work blows balls . like donkey balls 
dude lightning storm .. awesome 
and jimmey < PROPFEMALE > wwwwhhhoooooaaa 
feels sick as a dog 
is still a sinner 
its gonna be a long night 
felt like i woke up from a 3 year coma ... yyyeeessss 
throw him motha huggina arm out 
Heading back to good ole Illinois 
got another continuence 
such a beautiful day glad i didnt waste it 
i love < PROPFIRST > carlsons balls more then anythimg else in this world ! 
has to drive and really dont wanna do it 
bestest day out ever 
goin flippoin swimmin all damn day 
burnt 
Aggravated 
nothing is more interesting than disc golfing in the rain .. yess 
Jesus dont want me for a sunbeam 
dude my body is not pleased with me after last night 
Sunday Funday ........ 
its kinda bad when your outside for a couple of days and your just as burnt as last summer 
Good time to R 
Finally Free 
squeal like a piggy 
its the perfect little dream , the kind that hurts the most 
GOT MY MOTHA FUGGIN PHISH TICKETS BITCHES !!!! 
its a lovely day in the neighborhood .. wouldnt you say so mr. rogers ? 
With days like this it would be wrong not to < PROPFEMALE > out with the volcano 
Shes got a hat ... and all her hat says is Asshole 
What am I doing ??? 
Dude i had fun last night ... like in a while 
dont make someone a priority if they make you an option 
PHISH . PHISH PHISH PHISH PHISH PHISH PHISH .. AAAHHH 
Not once ... not never 
It's the coolest thing when you can witness a musicians creativity . 
there is no other place than frying my brain with awesomness in chicago .... PHISH 
We're at a code red recovery mode .. great success 
ppppoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooppppppp 
Its not that you lied to me , but that i no longer believe in you has shaken me . 
Shut your beef curtain 
Morality is herd instinct in the individual 
When I read about the evil of drinking , I gave up reading . 
Everyday 
Now im having dreams about how cruel you are .. so sorry your time was wasted 
Day N Nite 
My god . i walked the plank for the captain .. not good 
My ass just got on of the hospital for some meds .. Fuck My Life right 
YYYYYYeeeeeeeeaaaaaaahhhhhhh 
Norco .... again 
Gonna watch Toy Story 3 .. heeellllllzzzzz yeah 
Toy story was epic 
Someone gonna tell you lies .. cut you down to size 
It feels like I'm cooking in my room . 
i love whats going on with the weather . whhhoooooaaaaa 
dude this shit is crazyy 
Is finally back where i feel i should be .... 
Its so fun when ya say fuck it .. 
got some disc golfing in .. today will be a good day 
ima problem that will never ever be solved ... 
did i mention < PROPFIRST > buffet . 
just got back from < PROPFIRST > buffet . i never thought i could be so tired but yet so wired . 
comfy and cozy in blanket cocooon , watching lord of the rings , im a bafoon :) 
my lordy i dont know what to do with myself at this kind of hour . 
i really dont feel like driving back down to Illinois but i gots tah 
Bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks 
ima get malaria with all the freaking bug bites 
I cant feel the left side of my face ... yeeessssss 
on second thought i like christian girls 
put baby batter all over your face ? 
Shit call me the < PROPFEMALE > man 
HANDS IN THE AIR , A SMILE ON MY FACE , IT'S AMERICA'S BIRTHDAY , I JUST SHIT ALL OVER THE PLACE !! 
I really regret last night .. 
Jumping < PROPFIRST > dash its a guess guess guess 
got the urge to pull his < PROPMALE > from the dirt and fuck the universe 
Wow talk about total solitude >>> 
volcano 
Now I just stare into the sun\ 
And I see everything I've done\ 
I think I could have been someone\ 
But I can't stop what has begun\ 
When everything is said and done\ 
And there is no place left to run\ 
I think I used to be someone\ 
Now I just stare into the sun 
poop poop poop poop poopidy poop poop 
cruising down the road listening to phish with mr. jt and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... aawweeesssooommmmeeeee 
I wanna go freaking swimming 
Round 2 Bitches 
sleepin in a effed position does a really good number on your neck 
going to egg haven to eat the best breakfast of my huggin life 
get to go to rockford to see my veryexpensive doctor about my stomach 
in iowa for the cousins grad party .. woooo hooooo 
dude sick ass thunder storm 
get along lil doggy get along . get allong lil doggy get along get along 
saw Inception .. coolest most trippy movie ive ever seen . 
my dad is killin me smallz 
Fuck it 
A thousand dollars , two years of probation , and a drug class later . Im done with bullshit yay 
< PROPFEMALE > eyes 
so buggy out it looks like snow 
ever look back on something and wonder why the fuck ? just had it 
brown chicken brown cow 
my brain is offically mushed 
ardvark 
live fast , die young 
gotta drive to flippin Wisconsin to pick up the sweetest dog 
< PROPMALE > carlson 
its sooooooo hhhoooooooottttttt 
where exactly did the sun go ??? 
mr. lopez is takin me on a hot date to the k.k 
my phone is fucked . cant text or make calls . faggot 
i wanna become the worlds biggest horse jockey 
smoke dope and rap 
gonna actually lifts weights for the first time in years 
Is feeling torn the hell up 
does not want to be productive today . 
Confuse what you can of the ending\ 
and revise your despise so impending\ 
' cause I soak on the wrath\ 
that you didn't quite mask\ 
im getting it clearly through alternate paths\ 
or mixed in with the signal you're sending 
wanna watch dinner with shmucks 
i aint trippin on nothing , im sippin on somethin , and my homeboy says he got a bad bitch for me . bitch im single 
community service with cornfest all weekend .. i think so 
i could eat a peach all day ;) .. thats what im hungry for 
my < PROPMALE > is strickened with rigomortus 
I need to get to Jericho Flemmings house pronto 
eat bomb asss steaks for dinner 
feels like poop 
< PROPFIRST > is boring 
being young and reckless in d town .. bitches 
< PROPMALE > is busting some acoustic jams . its so amazing my head will implode from the greatness that comes from < PROPMALE > s talents with guitars . 
i love my momma 
i think being stubborn is good in some ways .. 
dude im beat up 
i hate combines 
i feel something epic gonna happen 
it feels like theres a needle in my eye socket 
Im feelin all sorts of loopy .. The problem is , im sober 
is wondering what i should do today .. no work 
why am i still awake 
Fathom the odd hypocrisy that Obama wants every citizen to prove they are insured , but people don't have to prove they are citizens\ . ~ < PROPMALE > Stein " 
says blah 
dug a trench 
most lame night of all 
got the 677 number again 
is tore up 
nothing smells better than year old moldy corn sitting in the bottom of an auger ... shits rank 
rrriiiicccchhhhhaaaarrrrddd whad ya ddoooooo 
i hate women but for some reason i still care for them 
ill never let you down ima shine on sight 
Work work work fucking work god dammit 
no way not never 
would really really enjoy a full rub down 
why is it that when i want to forget my dreams bring it back 
I think this is the longest waiting game i ever had to play by far 
just got done working a 12 hour day . bring the wings 
i really dislike cold weather 
see you in my nightmares 
Well looks like ima be a farmer for a lol while longer 
Just saw this smoking hot women at < PROPFEMALE > Tuesday ............ I couldn't stand up 
never any days off . that shit is catching up real quick . fuck im tired 
kilin motha huggin zombies 
you follow my program its a dead end . i just buy booze and drown in it 
watchin the new < PROPFEMALE > in philidelphia 
ima about to give my brother some ether . knock his ass out . < PROPFIRST > 
in my opinion if you can get lost in liking things on this fucking stupid social network you have be a full blown retard 
So exhausted . I just wanna go to Dixon garsh nabbit 
gonna smash holes pumpkins 
is done with this day 
i just wanna sit and poke smot 
you aint nothin but a vulture 
i wake up to phish in my ear . today will be a good day 
i dont know if the day is over or just began . so much to do so little time 
its that sumdog millionaire < PROPFIRST > wood flow and uuuhhhh 
aaaaaahhhhhhhhh work 
who in the right mind would try to kick you out cause you dont go to church .. some drunk ass 
killing some gooks 
theres only 3 side effects of being stoned , happy , hungry , sleepy 
is in love with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > music 
how many people you know that they can say the murdered the fuck out of a deer with their brothers practically brand new truck . welll i can a 
< PROPFEMALE > is really biting me in the ass , kill a deer , fuck up my brothers truck , smashed my thumb , broke my index finger , fucked up some equipment that we borrow , its been a great friggin day . FML 
ggoooooooddd moooorrrrning motherfuckers . got to go to work on a mother fucking friday wwwwwwwowooooooooooooooooooooo 
i need a fucking cig or im going to murder people 
after dinner feels like being young and reckless .. 
im so gifted at finding what i dont kike the most , so i think its time for a toast , lets have a toast for the douche bags 
basically the first day off in like two months ... who wants to do something 
had some dreams take me down memory road .. kinda fucked up but kinda interesting 
its freaking freezing mr bigglesworth 
watched jackass 3d ... almost pissed myself 
its not everyday you can stand around and make money . 
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuckity fuck fuck ....... just remember 
is feeling awfully lonely right about now 
have the longest weekend off . the boss went to florida 
Fucking Noise 
is watching flubber and wondering what the hell were these guys smmokin 
why am i so darn stupid 
really wishes he had somebody 
just wants this to be over 
rockford is a place of famine and death 
is breaking out of this joint 
theres a nurse here thats so attractive it makes me wanna stay a lil bit longer 
is finally home and resting . cant eat for shit though 
is now looking for a car to purchase .. what to choose 
is wondering about one to many things 
Sometimes it's necessary to go a long distance out of the way in order to come back a short distance correctly . 
this morning i was told that if i keep doing what im doing , its like commiting suicide , never really thought about it that way .. damn i fucked myself way up :( 
my brothers visiting from wisconsin today , fml 
< PROPMALE > out with family all weekend . friggin crazy 
When I'm dead & in my grave , No more pot & whiskey will I crave , On my tombstone it shall be seen . Here lie the bones of a smoking machine 
finally got enough time to go to kish and apply for school 
HEY Mr. Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggger 
im playing a game its called insincerity 
i looked at all the answers for that 21 questions bullshit . i declare i have no friends from this day forward 
watch im driving big rigs to A-Town . gonna plow some airports 
watching < PROPMALE > pawn some newbs .. yyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh 
lost my mother huggin phone 
Just got a new phone and lost all my contacts . Hit me up if ya want me to have your number 
going to iowa to see the g-parents 
You know its pretty bad when you start having dreams about zombies . Fuck COD 
Have a food baby growing inside of me 
The best is yet to come 
You cant help my isolation , you cant help the hate that it brings , you cant help my absence of faith , but you v 
I got this droid phone a week ago . Wasted my life trying figure this shit out . I still dk 
I just found the best combination of Items I wanted most can anybody guess what it is ??? 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > doesn't always drink beer , but when he does he has the dos equis guy serve it to him in a dress 
I gotts a placement test this morning we'll find out how much I forgot :) 
I thank god I can say fuck one time 
You should make toilet tissues cause you the shit but all you got are fucking issues ya fucking bitch 
20 fucking degrees . God dammit 
Snow :) 
im gonna plow the shit out of this snow . 
Ima turn this snow into blow 
Jesus I feel like an escort service . Four people getting down in the backseat of my car . Fuck my life 
took all the piercings out . 
i just found my cd case full of Phish cds , this day couldnt start out any more funky 
spice in the morning before work . not the greatest idea ive had 
oh my god , oh my god 
is oh so bored 
Watchin Blow 
Wants it be the 22nd alrdady 
It seems like everything I do is wrong , right on time , so I just stuff my < PROPFEMALE > and try to drink some wine , to ease my mind , maybe everything will be fine . 
Im a day dreamer , high so I dont care 
I woke up this morning to a tv show investigating the killing of < PROPFIRST > lennon 
Pretty green < PROPMALE > , rollin my blunt 
Going to wisconsin for the weekend 
Doin some xmas shoppin . Spendin to much dough 
My heart hurts 
drove to dixon to kick for the day 
I can see right through you 
Wants something to happen , just doesn't know what though 
sittin next to uncle < PROPFIRST > blazin up the purple sack 
and let the good times roll 
Its sucks I can't drink . Missin out on some shit . Saw a lot of friends haven't seen in a hot minute . A damn good though 
I'm hanging with my two bros , snow has been smashed in some faces 
You'll shoot your eye out kid 
Meeeerrrrrrrry Chrrrrriiisssssttttttttmmmmaaaaasssssss , God bless every one us 
gonna go to rockford , gonna watch true grit , yyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwww 
ima gonna < PROPFEMALE > with the brothers until they leave and then mista moore and i will be young and reckless 
I feel so violent violent fucking with that ectasy 
It'll get ya drunk , you'll be fucking fat chicks in no time , mmmmm mmmmmm bitch 
loves days like this 
is just beatin off 
dicking around on the laptop 
goddamn , gotta pay for my classes , then beat the rest of the day off 
soooo bbooorrrreeeddd i need a narcotic 
who wants to grab some breakfast 
its another cold day in < PROPFIRST > 
Freakin out at kish over stupid shit , but now treating ourselves to BLUNT STATUS . Serious shit 
Stoney bologna 
Maxin on some of grandmas food . soooo gooooood 
just might drive to < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > out with the bro 
Wakage and bakage 
There's a chemical in weed called ' fuck it ' . Hahahaha awesome 
' Fuck your couch'\ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Got up at 730 ....... fuck that 
I should've paid more attention 
7:30 - woke up this morning\ 
8:00 - started to feel queasy\ 
8:01 - smoked\ 
8:02 - feeling priceless 
felt like i just blacked out for 2 hours doing my homework . Fuck That 
Just locked myself out of my mothers house . Great fucking , morning 
Gonna work out 
Is feelin like a lame ass sitting at home watch the television 
Im sooooooo sooorrrreee 
Kinda sad how much time you spend on the phone when your oh so bored 
its been an interesting night for sure 
First show I turn on national geographic , its about using LSD as a medical drug . Freaking nuts 
Watched the packers last night , watched the bears today , gonna be a badass motha huggin game 
Hasn't had a lick of THC in his system all day 
Fuckin Mondays 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes : ) 
And that's what I get for tryin ... yuuuuuuup 
Gonna get stupid before class . Day is started 
Is feelin way blaher than blah 
i smoke trees like a train man 
Fuckin a cotton .. im fuckin tired 
Applebees for a lil bday dinner perhaps 
Is < PROPFEMALE > clueless 
Gotta list full problems , ill tend to them later life is a bitch and I appreciate her 
Don't know why I just put myself through the worst pain shoving my industrial back in . Fuckkk it 
My friends are all nuts and im a loose screw 
My wish is not to mean everything to everyone but to mean something to someone 
Hate waking up 
Don't ..... don't ....... don't 
Feelin sick as a dog . Wish I had a cuddler to sleep with day 
Feelin sick as a dog . Wish I had a cuddler to sleep with me all day 
Like a midget at a urinal im gonna have to stand on my toes 
Sooo who wants to give me a back maasage 
My god jersey shore is like an std . Everyone is talking about it 
Still looking for a cuddler to sleep with me all day . 
Either I feel better cause im high or its the 800 mg horse tranquilizer I took . Jk its prolly cause im high 
Now that I feel better . I just don't know what to do with myself . Hmmm 
Random road trip to rockford . To guitar center . It pays to be shmokin 
IM IN A GLASS CASE OF EMOTION WAAAAAAHHHHH 
Watching idiot abroad ... pretty fucking funny 
im just lightin up my la la la la la 
Watchin dinner for shmucks . \ 
Love it . 
Drunk people smell 
Wake up this morning to a fucking < PROPFIRST > beiber commercial .. what a lil fuck of a faggot 
My dad texted saying ' you can be very aggravating and disappointing but all in all your a good son ' . I have no idea how to respond to that 
Soooo about this blizzard ... if schoolio is cancelled tomorrow , who's down to have a fucking snowball fight or going sledding . I need this out of my system quic 
really wants to do winter activities tomorrow . 
Fucking blizzard my ass , I just want some winter fun for christs sake 
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks 
Im in < PROPFEMALE > and my drunk ass father clearly can't tell its safer to stay put where im at . Fucking idiot 
Fuckin pissed 
Fuck Salt 
I could use a monster truck and a ten foot chain right about now 
I can seeeeee clearly now the snooow is gone 
Fuck love get dome 
Pretty pumped about no school but still nawshing to do wiff my lifr 
Who downs to make a big huggin snow fort ? 
I lost my phone building the greatest snow fort . I have a new phone and no < PROPFIRST > . Hit me up 
I need < PROPFIRST > bitches . Hit me up 
Mrs. Bozarth is making Mr. Unger and I lunch 
put your hands in your pants and be my lil freak 
the change in my pocket wasnt enough im like fuck you and fuck her too 
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets . 
is at that place where it at makes sense 
donezooooo 
WTF a fucking car with facebook !!! This shit is getting waaaay to serious 
nap time 
going to the spaghetti lunch with the fam for mr. < PROPMALE > 
so glad i went to the benefit for < PROPMALE > tourdot . i had a lovely time 
went on quite the adventure yesterday , it was fun 
I love watching cartoons in the morning 
< PROPFIRST > Hunt and I went through my closet , I have 61 articles of clothing , 40 of which are hollister and out of those 61 only 8 of them are not preppy . definitely need to expand the horizon 
i want friday to be here already . its gonna be a epic adventure 
i just realized its been six months since ive had a lick of alcohol 
D . d for the night with epic people . 
Fuck gloomy days like this . 
wearing the pajamas , absolutely loving it 
Goodnight 
school 
down and out 
on that Lavender shit 
listening to robs drunk ass snore in his drunken coma 
Is much enjoying this < PROPFEMALE > day 
burrrr 
Gonna spend time with the mother for her birthday celebration 
The food was so damn good i want my own personal chef 
flying way passed pluto 
killzone 3 most epic fucking game 
decision to decision are made and not bought 
its not the strongest of species that survive , nor the most intelligent , but the ones that are most responsive to change --- mr < PROPMALE > 
So < PROPMALE > howell found my phone which i lost in the snow fort A month ago . Im really hoping for it 
my phone that happened to be buried under the snow for a month happens to work fresh as a < PROPFEMALE > . immmm soooo puummpped 
welp time to hit the < PROPFIRST > ole trail 
Not quite the morning I was expecting but it still had its benefits 
Spring break has started 
Im burning trees like a damn train 
gotta a new droid in the mail today :) 
Caseys pizza is absolutely delicious 
barr for lunch ???? 
Im gonna be on a whole other planet . There will be no point in contacting me . Please leave a message after the beep . 
Im back now with a story to tell 
i just wanna have fun 
who wants to do some recreational activities with this guy right hurr 
< PROPFIRST > sheen is the shit 
watching that 70s . makes me wanna live back then 
not a single nice day on this so called spring break .. FUCK THAT 
im really fucking bored someone text me so we can do something 
I got my head checked by a jumbo jet . It wasn't easy but nothing is 
When the fuck did we get a Kish Health Care Center on 23 and 30 . I need to get out more sheeeesh 
i swallowed some Listerine . stomach kinda hurts . debating on callin poison control 
ive literally rotted my brain throughout this day 
getting ready and heading up north for the weekend 
Wisconsin is on hold til tomorrow :( 
Who goes to white castle at 2 am . Me < PROPMALE > and mr. < PROPMALE > who happens to be shitfaced . 
yyyeah its not happening today 
i wanna get blown today . right after school . 
Just watched < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > was smoking on a piece pipe . At the end his eyes were cashed out . Lol the sweetest show I've ever seen 
psshhh stupid schoo 
BLLLLUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNTT TTTTTIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEE 
Back to school , back to school , to show my da da im not a fool . 
i hope my teeth dont stain green 
my back hurts 
hmmmm well theres that 
Do you remember when we used to sing < PROPFEMALE > la la la la la lalala la to do 
I would say an interesting night most indeed 
Watching blazing saddles 
Wants some breakfast in bed 
Kinda feelin like an idiot right noww 
Nothin , just bear stuffs 
Fuck this gay ass rain 
< PROPMALE > crackers are delicious 
futtin noice 
I like how it looks sooo nice out but its still oh so cold . Fuck winter 
I fucked up 
Burgers at the tilted kilt are amazing , and I get a boner from the waitresses . :) 
wasting my time wasting time 
Is going to cut this facebook addiction 
If you seeing a big green tractor or a big orange tractor on highway 30 its me and my step dad . Honk if your horny lol 
So was that fucking stupid or was that fucking stupid 
I just wanna sleep all day 
I enjoy days where I can be lazy 
poop in a shoe ? 
Just washed my car and boy does she look beautiful 
Todays gunna suck . Slept stupid . Now im all outs whack 
God damn ballsnatchers 
Feels deader than a door knob 
Cubs game !!! 
Officially a Cubs fan after today 
Is confused about shhhtufff 
Dr. < PROPMALE > helped me out a.k.a < PROPMALE > howell 
Had < PROPFEMALE > much in the rain . Up til the point where it started hailing 
