is back from bball camp . 

Best two days of my life !!!!! Cycling with three different people in the past two days for a combined total of more than ten hours . Plus a ton of solo cycling . Speaking of which ... I know what I'm doing all night tonight 
Basketball camp 
just flipped off of his bike 
Just had a freaking crazy weekend 
Finley , here we come !!! 
OWNS AT LIFE !!! well at least bowling . bowled a 146 my first game this summer , then found my groove and had a 167 second game . 
Aquapalooza rocked . best day of my life 
dropped his phone into a river and lost all my contacts when i got a new phone 
Elevation with < PROPFEMALE > was amazing 
gets to sleep in tomorrow !!! 
My sister just tried to kill me . 
Hurowitz APUSH : which chapters are for homework ? 
Hurowitz APUSH what chapters ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Tassa likes me ! 
I NEED A LEATHER JACKET AND < PROPMALE > HOMECOMING SHIRT FOR MUSICAL EX . PLEASE RESPOND IF YOU HAVE ONE THAT I COULD BORROW TOMORROW 
ok forget the leather Jacket , Who's got a < PROPMALE > Homecoming T-shirt I can use for the skit tomorrow ? 
Loves the ladies in my life ... < PROPFEMALE > for the sandwich , < PROPFEMALE > for the wrap , and last but not least < PROPFEMALE > for the cake . 
Lets go sunday 
Skype is awesome . 
thinks he gets more out of OP open gyms than TJ open gyms ... 
I find the one person who I am sure can help me the absolute least of all the people I know , and ask them for help first . I must be some kinda mad genious with crazy logic even I don't understand cuz somehow it worked lol . Either that or I'm just plain stupid and very lucky 
Just finished my english homework ... forget AP Physics tonight , I've already spent 3 hours in that class today , and I'll worry about Spanish in the morning . Thank Heaven for < PROPFEMALE > and Parallel Computing . 
If anyone who has my phone number is online can you please call me repeatedly until I find my phone ? 
Today's lookin good 
Great weekend 
I'm watching myself blink . Its soooo wierd ... 
Can't go to school at all today even though I'm already done with my appointment because the doctor said going up and down stairs would be too bad on my legs . 
Facebook keeps showing me < PROPFEMALE>'s thumbnail picture for < PROPFEMALE > ... Is anyone else's facebook being retarded ? 
facebook is dying 
Ecclesiastes 7:2 -4 I'm feeling very wise today 
apparently one of the most advanced Artificial Intelligence programs available to the public thinks I am almost definitely a chick based on my responses to various things ... 
ADD Pastor = Very fun sermon 
Dad is finally home 
is sad I won't be seeing as much of < PROPMALE > on the bus this year cough cough ok maybe not sad I won't see < PROPMALE > himself , but im definitely sad he's not riding the bus 
TJ drama is amazing . I had no idea they were capable of putting on a show like Meet Me in St. < PROPFIRST > . I'm definitely gonna go to more plays . 
Best weekend in forever 
Thanksgiving with the family was ballin 
Got my phone again 
Pretty much the perfect day . 
Lets go OP 
Haha best day every . Hooray for impulisiveness 
Ultimate Round one was AWESOME . Round two tomorrow at 11 . Anyone is welcome to play a couple parents even played lol \ 
DIRECTIONS : From 234 you turn onto independent hill rd . and you will see the soccer field right there . 
frustrated with my computer >.< 
can practically recite his windows product key from memory .... 
Worked out , took a shower , ate breakfast , looked at the clock and saw it wasn't even 5:45 yet ... 
Last Day of Work :( 
< PROPFEMALE > is the smartest kid ever 
Best day ever 
Let me in = beast 
Peace this world can neither give nor take away 
2-0 
Best Birthday Present Ever 
