Bruins Win in OT !!! Fuck Ya 

Let's Go Red Sox Sweep the fucking Phills !!! 
.... shitty start to the week 
Yo mother fuckers i am going to AC/DC on Tuesday . 
Just got back from AC/DC concert and it was fucking amazing !! 
Got back from Baltimore , what a trip ! Good times with the friends . 
fuck the free world 
Let's watch the Patriots destroy the Eagles 
5 more days and i am back at school , it sucks but also good . 
work sucked today someone kill me please 
Well i will have to keep that in mind for the next time 
I would like someone to kill me please , all this school work is making me sick . 
Hates when people try to bring a holiday or something important up more than a month away , they should just live in the moment and appreaciate everything they have right now ! 
Fuck school 
Fuck School , fuck School 
Gotta Write this fucking 8page paper that is due tomorrow 
Fuck School , is it Thanksgiving Yet 
Going to be a long and stressful day , but this has to be done . Love ya grandma you will always be in the prays . 
Home for winter break 
Is this holiday season fucking over yet !! 
Lime green like that sticky icky 
Facebook is the stupidiest thing that has ever beeen made and people on this don't mind their fucking business and people need to get the fuck out my business . 
\she probly would give good head as much as she sucks your face and shoves her toung down your throat \"- quoted by Commando " 
someone fucking kill me please < PROPFEMALE > fucking sucks 
Too much work to do 
Going on A tour of Jersey with < PROPFIRST > , hit me up if you want me to stop by !!!! 
2 weeks left in my college career , where did 4 years go 
Fuck You Lebron , Lets Go Celtics 
Home now , it feels good to be home 
Off to the bar to start the birthday weekend !! 
Thanks Everybody for the Birthday Wishes !!! 
We are going to the finals . Here we go Celtics !! 
i guess its another Celtics vs . Lakers Finals 
FUCK YOU officials for the Celtics vs . Lakers game , you are making the worse calls , i have ever seen , this is the finals now when the fuck to blow your whistles and i wonder how much < PROPMALE > paid them 
Celtics all day , lets go get banner number 18 boys 
Sometimes i wish i was a missing person !! 
somebody kill me , worked an 11 hour day and need to be at work tomorrow at 5:30 am for another long ass day 
grilling in the rain people say it cant be done well they are wrong 
the best new word i heard ... is a combo of smart and lazy which equals smazy 
Somebody do me a favor and put me out of my misery 
Lost power at the house this sucks 
Happy 10 joke day to all my friends at school its 10/10/10 today 
Somebody save me from this shitty day 
Life is totally sucking this week , shit needs to change 
What about those Phillies and Yankees , Fuck em fuck em fuck em , here we go Texas and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > will finally get his championship 
Off to the Celtics game with both Devlins . 
i can smell you ! 
I wanna go too Jamaica 
One word ............... Patriots 
going to take a fucking nap , hit the cell if u need 
Patriots are in the playoffs , fuck ya 
When will this fucking day end 
somebody kill me back to work at 6:00 am tomorrow for the third straight day 
Bah fucking hum bug ! 
Somebody do me a favor and make me disappear 
Already shoveled once with the younger brother , i see the snow never ending 
hopefully the lord comes and takes me sooner than later , cant deal with this shit anymore 
Its sunday and we all know what that means , the patriots are going to own . 
.... needs a change 
Fuck you snow storm , i have no place fot anymore snow and they are expecting 12 more inchez 
Fuck Bitches get money ... 
Out of the shop for a few hours , into boston i go and going to get paid to sit in my boss truck 
Made it safely home to mass from Pa , it was a good weekend 
duke is back to being number 1 , right where they belong 
watching the C's game wit the pops , gotta love some quality time wit the father 
My father said the best man-law yet , \the bigger the hoops earrings the bigger da hoe . \"" 
Spending more quality time wit the pops , he says the most damnedest things 
