... nothing interesting happened today ... Ooh , i'm eating cake and manny can't get none ! 

just kind of bored .. 
Hey peoplz ! 
Even though we are hours away , I wish everyone a happy new year and that everyone's resolutions work out . Make sure that you keep your friends and family close and always try your best guys . Live life like you're about to die the next may . Treasure it and live it big ! 
Got texting on my ipod ! If u want the number , message me . 
I'm going to have my phone off the whole weekemd . If what u had to say was important , sorry . 
WTF ?! 
Chem Hhomework is easy ! Seriously , come on people . 
So ... anyone else have any work that they have been procrastinating on ? Am I the only one ? 
So have u ever been so hyper that u don't think u'll EVER go to sleep ? I feel that way right now ... 
Lockdown sucks ! Hopefully we won't have to go through that crap again tomorrow . 
I can't WAIT for Vampire Diaries to come on ! It's getting better every week ! 
My eyes and stomach r hurting . I'm so tired . After I'm done with my farm , I'm goin straight 2 sleep . G'nite Facebook . 
Kind of bored . Trying 2 do my stuff on Facebook so I can watch my show . 
Nothin happening rite now . Just listening to my msic . Bored like me , then text me . 
Gosh ! The Colts suck so much ! They easily lost against the Saints ! Hopefully none of u betted on the Colts . If u did , I feel sry 4 u . 
I'm turning 16 in less than 20 minutes ! Yay ! I'm heading off to bed . G'nite people . 
I didn't have tat great of a day at skool but seeing the comments on my profile made me feel better . Thank u every1 ! 
G'nite ppl . 
Good nite Facebook ! I have 2 wake up early 2maro . C yah ! 
My first ever concert was amazing ! I don't think I'll b able 2 tlk 2maro . G'nite Facebook ! X3 
If any1 plays Mafia Wars , please add me as a member ! 
HAS ANY1 BEEN ABLE TO GET THE HOT < PROPMALE > SEEDER ? If u have , please tell me . It doesn't seem 2 b working . 
Wow ... my fam is crazy ! We had a lot of fun today . Well ... got to go to bed . Good night . 
I paid 16 farm cash and got a porcupine ?! Tell me that isn't robbery . 
What do you think : Do you think I would look good with curly hair ? Your answers will be confirmed/denied 2maro . 
Good nite ppl of Facebook ! 
Good nite FB ! Sayonara ' til 2maro ! 
Chem teacher gave us hw all week . Wow ... tat's something new . 
Good nite ppl . C u 2maro ! 
Facebook is acting retarded . Getting off 4 now . 
I'm tired of fake ppl always tlkin bout my friends ! They kno nothin bout them and they want 2 run their mouth bout crap they kno nothin bout . Shut up , no 1 wants 2 hear the garbage comin out ur stank @$$ mouth ! Ppl need 2 mind their own business and stop interfering into other ppl's lives just b cuz their miserable . 
If u're a friend of mine and I missed u , prepared 2 b hugged 2 death 2maro . U've been warned in advance . 
Got internet on phone . yayz ! anywho ... bye ! 
... pollen sucks . 
... If I answered no 2 a question on the friend quiz , it's cuz I was just clicking No multiple times just 2 get the little credits . If I answered yes , then it's the truth . 
Had SO much fun at the zoo today ! 
It's a shame how immature teenagers r . It's like they're in elementary school again . Like seriously ? Some ppl just need 2 either grow up or get away from me . Immature ppl piss me off . Today was going great til some immature girl pissed me and my friends off . She better b glad we're not violent ppl . 
I rly don't want 2 go 2 skool ever again . Just aggravated and fed up with ppl there . They're so immature and it's gettin tiring . Just wish ppl will grow up . I can't stand them . Evry year I get stuck with ppl like them . Just wish immature ppl would just disappear from my life ... 
Bout 2 go 2 skool . ugh ... Just hope THOSE ppl don't mess with me 2day . 
I was happy when it looked like it was about 2 rain , but then the sun came out .... 
... some ppl just don't care bout other ppl . No worries though . We'll stay strong . 
Goin 2 sleep now . Good nite ppl . C u 2maro . 
I feel it is all my fault ... I couldn't stop him ... if it works , I'll b the 1 2 blame . God , don't let it work ... 
had fun 2day with the kids out on the football field . got completely wet b cuz the kids threw water on me . all in all , good day . 
Bored . Listening to IWrestledABearOnce . Wish I could do screamo like her . 2 more weeks of skool . Thank goodness ! C yall then . 
on the bus goin 2 school . got up b4 the alarm clock did . guess 2day is gonna b wonderful . :) 
Good nite Facebook . Gotta long day 2maro . 
Did any1 fight at 1st lunch or was it hyped up ? Evry1 was gathered over there and actin like fools . I didn't want 2 get trampled . 
Preschool graduation ceremony = boring . Reception = frustrating . Cleanup = tons of fun ! Don't even know . :) 
exams 2day . good luck 2 evry1 ! math one 2day . let's get this over with . 
Destination ur mother's couch ! ( lol ) 
Well , have my chem and spanish final 2maro . Gonna go 2 sleep now . LAST DAY OF SKOOL IS 2MARO !!! Gonna miss all my senior friends . Good luck ! ^-^ 
A'S ON DECK ! Got 2 A's on my exam 2day ! So ready 4 the summer and wat's in store . 4 all my friends in other states still in skool , < PROPFEMALE > in there ! U only have a couple more weeks . U can do it !! 
Dang man ... my cousin got me addicted 2 a song and < PROPFEMALE > Neumann got me addicted 2 some of The Used songs . Now I can't stop listening 2 them . lol 
Hm ... People rush into so many things . When it starts crumbling , they don't even have a < PROPMALE > to fix it . Slow down and enjoy the ride . Believe me , when you take your time on something , it's a lot more satisfying then flying through it at lightening speed . 
LOL ! < PROPMALE > of Myspace has a Facebook ! Look him up . 
11 mystery items on Farmville ( 8 eggs and 3 mystery boxes ) and still no fuel ! Geez , I barely have fuel ! 
... FLYLEAF ! 
< PROPMALE > !!!! Everybody is passing . Tat's good . Got my 14 credits . 
Blessthefall + What's Left Of Me = Win ! 
Bored like always . Blech ! 
electricity is out . sucks ! 
Yes ! My power is bak on !!!! 
MY POWER WENT OFF AGAIN !!! @ *&#@* % !!! 
Goin 2 sleep peeps . G'nite . 
Having a movie day . Won't b online 2day . Ttyl =) 
Already watched Obsession and Pandorum . Bout 2 watch < PROPFIRST > Blart : Mall Cop . Then after tat , probably Quarantine . =) 
Almost done with Quarantine . Don't know wat I'm gonna watch nxt . This movies scares me slightly . 
Race to Witch Mountain was pretty good . Bout 2 watch The Proposal anf if I have time maybe The Stepfather . =) 
Having another movie day . May get online later 2 play a couple of games , but won't stay on long . =) 
Getting offline . Tlk 2 u guys laterz . 
The show Pretty Little Liars is REALLY good . Makes sense cuz the producers of Vampires Diaries r the same ones 4 PLL . Tat's y both shows r addicting . =) 
New show with vampires and werewolves called ' The Gates ' . It's pretty good . Sundays at 10 p.m. On ABC . 
Watching Degrassi Season 1 . The show looked interesting so I decided 2 get into it . =) 
Just had Hibachi Grill 4 lunch . It has so much variety ! Loved it . =) 
No new episode of pretty little liars ????????????? Tat's so mean ! 
Can't get on the pc 4 awhile . if u wanna tlk , txt me . =) 
Well , been in Borders 4 at least an hour . My iPod battery is running out and my cell is bein eaten up from using the internet . 
Well ... I'm on the computer finally . Computer somehow is working . lol Can't tlk 4 long pplz . he he he 
I finally own converses ! Seriously , now my gothis outfits will b complete . 
Watchin Boondocks . Hilarious . Idk how they make up this stuff , but it's so funny . 
Become fans of the band \When the Zombies Come To Get Us\ " !!! They would really appreciate it . =) " 
Going to sleep early 2nite . B off in like one hour so if u wanna tlk , now would b the time . 
Watchin the Cowboy Bebop movie . Yay ! 
Screamo music is the only thing that seems to make me feel better . Just scream all your frustrations away ... 
Wow ... u send something 2 ppl tat requires them 2 click 1 button and they don't even do it . Seriously ... r ppl tat lazy ? 
Beautiful Dirty < PROPMALE > !!! Lol 
spuods ?? o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ?? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
Just listening 2 music . Kind of a boring day . Hopefully something ( good ) happens 2maro , but I highly doubt it . Goin 2 sleep soon . Peace . 
My iPod is so stupid ! B cuz it messed up , I only have 29 songs on it . Piece of crap ... 
Have u lost all hope ? I find mine lost . It's disappeared along with my dreams and faiths . Where can I find them ? There is only one answer . Look inside ur heart and find the truth . Only u will kno the secrets tat lie within . \ 
~ Find ur LOVE 
Drown forever in the sorrow tat ur subconscious brings . Isn't it easy 2 fall in ? Let it fill u up and sink in . Don't feel sorry 4 the things u did . It's ok , just accept it . Resurface with a new awareness that everything will ok again . \ 
The more I give , the less I receive . Though what I give can't be wrapped up in a box or will it ever be anything valuable to anyone , it's all I have . You can either accept it or live without it . If not , that's your own battle , but for right now , all I can do is try . \ 
The more I dream , the more I see your face . You're always here for me though you don't seem to care . I wish you could help me through everything that has past , but that would be impossible since it was you who caused me this pain . Don't despair my little heart . Everything will be calm again . Just slip back into your forgotten dreams again . \ 
Got 2 get evrything ready 4 Monday . Got my clothes all picked out and make-up and blah . Just gotta decide wat I want 2 bring 2 entertain myself when bored . Any suggestions ? 
School is going to start officially tomorrow . * sigh * I guess it was a good summer vacation . See everyone at 6 . ^-^ 
Skool was rather annoying . They messed up my schedule BEYOND belief . I have 2 chage 4-5 classes on it . It's goin 2 b a LONG skool year . 
Sittin in childcare 4 ANOTHER period . Can't wait 4 the day 2 b over . Spanish after this . Ugh ... 
The weather always seems to project my mood . It's dreary and dark outside and tat's how I feel at the moment . Something just doesn't sit rite with me rite now . I just feel tat something bad is goin 2 happen . I hope I'm wrong ... 
Crawling around me ; sleepless eyes . Your hands they haunt me . Fingers tipping down my spine . Heaven forbid well aware of your sins . In the wake I'll be just like the rest . Tell the sun don't fall so we'll never forget . Heaven forbid well aware of your sins . In the wake I'll be just like the rest past praying for . ( LOVE this song ! Past Praying For by VersaEmerge ) 
Danger in the Manger ppl ! iwrestledabearonce ! 
Grr ... left my poem book at skool . Hopefully it's in my locker . Well ... heading off of Facebook . C u peeps 2maro . ^-^ 
Seriously goin 2 sleep now . bye ! 
Goin out 2 eat with family . Yayness ! Only 1 missin ni my dad . Aw ... I'll c him 2maro though . Tlk 2 u guys later . 
Saw at least 5 ppl I knew at Hibachi Grill . I guess evry1 luvs this place like I do . ^-^ 
Bout tat time 4 skool again . Ugh ... Let's get this over with so we can come home again . 
Lunch , Physics , and Math was SO much fin 2day ( especially lunch ) . Hope 2maro is better than 2day , then my whole week will b perfect . =) 
thinkun bout wat may come 2maro . so close 2 sleep ( finally ) . Onemore blink and I'll b gone . C yall At skool . 
at the bustop . Ready 2 get the day over with . 
Got 3 tests 2day . Ugh ... can't wait 4 this day 2 b over . 
Going 2 bed early . Feel horrible and light-headed . Hopefully feel better 2maro mornin . G'nite Facebook . 
Tryin 2 go 2 sleep . Finished all my homework ( yay ! ) . Got a test and a quiz 2maro . * sigh * Skool gets more annoyin evryday . G'nite folks . 
Make sure u have real friends by ur side at ALL times tat luv u no matter who u r , wat u do , or how u act . Real and true friends r hard 2 find , but once u do , don't let them go . U find tat life gets easier when ppl believe in u ... I gotta get some sleep . Got myself a quiz 2 do in math . =P G'nite Facebook ! 
Grr ... My phone isn't sendin any picture messages ! 
“Before you criticize someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way when you criticize them , you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes . ” 
Snip snip snip ... Boredom overtakes me ! =( 
COOKIES !!!!!!!!! ( 7 2 b exact . ) Too much chocolate and sugar 2day . 
SO tired bout hearin or seein class rings . If yall don't graduated 2012 , I'mma laugh . 
Well ... gettin offline . C u 2maro Faebook . =P 
A word of advise , always make sure ur password isn't hackable . U don't kno wat ppl will do 2 mess with u . 
FACEBOOK IM SUCKS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH !!!!! 
Well G'nite FB ! Got skool 2maro . At least we get a half-day this week . YAY ! 
Between my eyes is a mind that only sees things as it is . If u wanna lie and tell me wat I don't c is the truth , tat's fine . I kno the truth and I recognize ur lies . I won't tell u I kno of ur lies and deceit , but once u're drownin in guilt all tat will b left is me . Would u rather me let u drown or jump in 2 save u ? 
finally bout 2 go home . Just can't wat 2 get home and relax . 
Got my US History test 2maro . SO gonna Ace tat . Ain't even a challenge . 2maro is gonna b a chill day anyway cuz not much stuff is happening . Want 2 go 2 the football game , but it's at Richmond .... 
< PROPFIRST > the Movie was SO funny . I swear ... him havin his voice altered so high makes everything even more hilarious . 
skool = blah ! 
starting 2 think my bus already came .... 
false alarm . it just decided tat it wanted 2 come as late as ever . 
Getting offline . C ya ! =3 
i \ 
\ 
knew the truth and I still went on the ride . now i only have one bullet in the chamber ... matter of life and death . no matter wat , i should plan 2 play this deadly game by myself , but some1 always ends up unlucky and joins me . ( in other words : I screw life up 4 ppl . nvr trust some1 who is cursed . ) 
Doesn't matter how much times you say sorry or how much you try to help someone ... the best thing you can do is stay out of their life and have them figure it out yourself . That way the mistake is their own and you won't be blamed for it . I did what I felt was right , but honestly if you can't accept that , then let it be . Don't feel like being online after all this crap has happened . Call or txt if needed . 
Stupid Writing test ! Well , evry1 make sure 2 do ur best . we need a high Graduation rate this year or else we'll b a stupid state skool . 4 those who can't stand the skool now , think of it nxt year as a government controlled skool . 
TGIF !!!!! 
The more that I say , the less I feel . What in this world is truly real ? I miss ur touch and ur heavenly sigh . How did we grow apart ? Tell me why ... I apologized for what I did . Even now , I'm engulfed by sins . I'm forever forgotten and my breath has past . No matter what , without you I can't seem 2 last . :( 
When u're havin problems in life , u finally understand the hidden messages in songs . They become the code tat u live by . Some songs could actually solve ur problem . All depends on whether u believe or not . 
October is cancer awareness month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member or friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . ( Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? ) 
Thanks Goodness it's Friday ! I'm SO glad I'm at home ! Gonna miss my friends , but of course we do it all over again nxt Monday , which I can't believe we don't have off . Sucks . Well , u kno wat 2 do if u wanna contact me . :D 
Listening 2 Lady Gaga and gettin inspired . I rly luv her music and style . She's so different . Awesomeness ! =) 
Today was 10/10/10 ! I had a wonderful day 2day ! =) Hope evry1 else did too . We vote 4 homecoming < PROPFEMALE > on Tuesday . Make sure u VOTE FOR < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Got my hair done again . Lol Yall will c it 2maro . It's nerd day so don't 4get 2 dress up ! C u guys 2maro and have a good night . =) 
VOTE FOR < PROPFEMALE > FOR HOMECOMING < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3 
VOTE < PROPFEMALE > Fuechsel FOR HOMECOMING < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3 
At the bus stop listening 2 some EscapetheFate 2 pass the time . * sigh * Three tests 2da . Hope I can manage . =( 
OMG ! Wait til u c my Tacky Day outfit . 
Got my outfit on and out the house . 2day is goin 2 b hilarious and I can't wait 2 c evry1 ! 
Internet isn't workin so have 2 use phone 4 awhile . :( 
I miss it more than anything . If I could take back what I said that ended what I had , then I would . What more can I do or say to take this pain away ? It's nothing to you , but everything to me . Please don't hate me or regret the things that happened . Hopefully , we will meet again and our problems resolved . :( \ 
~ Xishalet 
Bout 2 go 2 the fair ! Yay ! The day has come ! I'll c whoever later ! =) 
Omg ! got on my first upside down ride . SO much fun ! 
Broke my glasses on the last ride . waitin 4 daddy 2 pick me up . =) 
This was it , the final < PROPMALE > . Is it over or is there hope ? I highly doubt it though . If it's gone , then it's forever forgotten . 
Let this inevitable trial begin . 
Goin out 2 eat 4 my mommy's birthday . =) 
I downloaded High School of the Dead Episode 1 on DirectTV ondemand . There < PROPMALE > Waldun ! R u happy ?! lol 
Watched Tower Prep on Cartoon Network and found an awesome song ! This Is Who We Are by Hawthorne Heights . Finally CN has good music on a show . =) 
Can't sleep . had a awesome day yesterday . started out with chores ( blech ) then led 2 goin 2 Hibachi Grill , goin 2 the mall and walmart . then spent some family time til 2:30 . couldn't ask 4 more rly . =) 
2day was a wonderful day considering the circumstances ... :{ I hope evry1 else is havin a good day even though it's gloomy outside . :) 
Finally was able to sit down and write something . I haven't been able to do that in forever . Maybe with how life is zipping by , I haven't really any time to take on this stuff . Oh well . Might just do that all day 2day . Hope evry1 is happy and well . 
SO glad tat 2maro is friday . Hope tat makes 2maro fast and easy . 
Probably won't b online much 2day . Internet bein all crappy . 
4 those who r tryin 2 txt me and notice I am not txtin bak , I got my phone taken and won't get it bak 4 awhile . Just try 2 message me or watevs . 
Was ich will , kann nicht leichtfertig getroffen werden . Ich will , was ich nicht haben und wenn man nicht zu schätzen meine Diskretion , < PROPFEMALE > kannst du dein Glück zu nehmen und ertränken sich in ihm . Ich bin fertig sein , was du mich haben willst . Ich breche kostenlos mit meiner Hoffnung intakt und meine Träume endlos . 
Watching AstroBoy . Pretty good movie so far . =) 
Well ... watched Astroboy and my fav movie , Sweeney < PROPMALE > , 2day . Bout 2 go 2 sleep . Got 2 c all my crazy friends 2maro . u guys make skool awesome 2 come 2 . C ya ! :P 
Cuz of some stupid ass ppl , probably ain't gonna have another pep rally . I mean , they stupid and all , but it's nice 2 skip a class . 
Bored , but don't want 2 go 2 sleep . Hm .... wonder if there is anything I can watch on tv or something ... 
There's a vulture on my shoulder and he's telling me to give in . Always hissing right in my ear like it's coming from my own head . It's got me mixed up trying not to give up . Tell me there's a way to get out of here . Oh , Fixed At Zero .... :( 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Curve !!!! :) lol . I only like This is Halloween by them . Still cheers me up a bit . Hope this week finishes up quickly . Not likin it so far . Goin 2 bed soon . G'nite pplz . 
Missing it more than I thought I would ... Who would have thought ? 
Went to the movies 2 c Devil and My Soul To Take . They were pretty good . Skool 2maro .... Ugh .... 
Have my phone bak so text me after school . Some ppl ' s < PROPFIRST > I forgot . :p 
Bowling was SO much fun ! Hope to do it again soon . ^.^ 
Hope everyone eats until their pants bust open . Happy Thanksgiving ! ^.^ 
Black Friday people . Shop til u drop . =) 
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
Bout to go to the mall . Hope there is some good stuff I can buy . If not , just hold onto my money and wait until later . Same sale later on in the year anyway . ^.^ 
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????... <3 @ 
It's sad that my own phone is more advanced than my laptop .... 
???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
Really sad how ignorant and immature people can be . All over something stupid . Just don't get people sometimes . They ruin everything they have over something so trivial . They'll regret it in the end . 
Wishing something god would happen .... 
Whatever shall I do ... 
CHANGE UR PROFILE PICTURE TO YOUR FAVORITE CARTOON !!!! ^w^ 
Trying to learn a dance . Almost busted my butt multiple times . Welp , time to go to sleep . Can't wait to c my buddies 2maro . 
Had a wonderful day today ! =D Hope everyone else's was too . 
Finally learned my dance ! Hoping on everyone else to learn it too . Still have to perfect it . I'mma b SO sore tomorrow . No 1 better mess with me . >.> 
Today was awesome like yesterday . Lol Gonna have a lot of stuffies finished today and I will hopefully perfect my dance ( though my muscles r screaming in pain ) . No pain , no gain . 
???????????????????????????????????????????? 
Everyone is playing the number game . Don't really care for it . lol Kind of bored though . * sigh * 
Not the best day in the world . honestly tired of the same stuff each day . now the pep rally is cancalled . jeez ... 
OMG !!!!!! I found the last puzzle piece that was missing !!!! 
I failed at what I wanted to achieve . Just wanted to believe .... 
Darn Facebook won't let me change my name anymore ! 
Ice skating was fun and hilarious ! Nice 2 c evry1 1 more time b4 the holidays . Have a good 1 . :D 
Only 45 minutes ' til Christmas . :) 
Got wat I wanted 4 Christmas ! Hope u guys do too ! 
At home . Bought to eat me some ham . 
Finally out of the hospital . Gonna eat when I go home . 
Does anyone have FaceTime for iPhone or iPod Touch ? 
Waiting on the world to change ... 
Ugh ... Skool 2maro . Well i'll c evry1 2maro . :) 
Ready for today . C ya at skool . 
Feeling fabulous and refreshed for some odd reason . 
Hope it snows . Don't want to go school . 
Thank you Vexen ! Your magical powers made it snow ! I wonder if it will snow tomorrow too ... 
Who is going to military ball ? 
Welp , skool wuz decent . Only two more days . 
I'm watching Brüno . This movie is SO hilarious ! < PROPFEMALE > Baron Cohen is stupid . 
Had an amazing day today . Hope that every day could be like this . Just gotta make it until Feb . 11th and then it all goes down . :P 
I have a tummyache . :( 
Almost time for the Super Bowl to start . Go Green Bay ! :) 
21-10 . Tat's wat i'm tlkin bout . Packers gonna need 2 step up their game though . Steelers gonna b desperate 4 points . More interceptions and better defensive plays and we should b fine . GO PACKERS !!!! 
Wow . Well they're gonna lose now . Honestly this is just sad . It's like they r givin it up . 
PACKERS WIN !!! yeah ! * throws a party * 
Honestly , y do ppl not understand tat HHS is full of thieves ? Don't leave important things layin round or out in the open . smh 
Military ball was on point ! U don't even kno . I have 2 go nxt year . Surprisingly , no 1 stole . Says sumthin bout ARC . 
2maro is < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Blech . Wake me up when it's over . 
Blech . This horrid day is almost over . Hope 4 a new beginning 2maro and hopefully this week can go by fast . Got alot of good things happening later on . Thank goodness . Need 2 get up out of the house sumtimes . :P 
I HATE it when a site I go 2 almost evryday ends up not workin . Jeez . I was on it yesterday and now all of a sudden , it decides 2 crash . 
1 more hour til my birthday . < PROPMALE > and I r gonna b SO hyper 2maro so yall get ready ! <3 
Being sick sucks ! Thank u 2 all the ppl who made my birthday fun 2day . :3 
Omg , my b-day started wonderful and then hit rock bottom . Having a cold ruins everything . All i could do was sleep . I'm feelin almost fine now . Hopefully it'll go away on Sunday . 
I used to think i didn't kno much ppl , but evrytime I go out , i c ppl I kno . Welp , we only got three days of skool this week . Tat's awesome sauce . 
Well ' Facebook Nation\ ( lol ) y don't u run and tell dat ? 4 real tho ... Gotta do these math quizzes and my social studies hw . :P " 
Honestly didn't know that there is SO many subgenres under rock and metal . Can't sumthin just b rock or metal ? Y is there metalcore , post-hardcore , hardcore , deathcore , and etc ? 
Breakdowns r the best thing known 2 man ! It basically makes a song ! If u have a crappy breakdown , the song is crap ! 
Went 2 Columbia 2day . Didn't even kno I was goin . Woke up and was dragged . lol Pretty chill day though . Sad tat there's skool 2maro . * Sigh * 
We are starting a disaster . \ 
Maybe it's not what we're after now . \ 
We're all alone ... 
I know a sing that gets on everybody nerves , everybody nerves , everybody nerves . I know a song that gets on everybody nerves and this is how it goes ! <===== Reason why being bored is dangerous . :P 
I've only known you this year and I feel like I've known you forever . You will forever be in our hearts and will reside in our souls . I can't believe you're gone . I just saw you yesterday . How could this have happened ? Watch over us and all of us will be reunited wih you again someday . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . :'( 
At home just lounging sbout . Thanks 2 u guys who posted vids with < PROPFIRST > in them . It's nice 2 c him smilin and havin fun . :) 
The service was really nice . Everyone had on their black and purple . Wished everyone could have shown up but majority was there . Thanks to everyone who supported the family . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > 
So I'm sick ... again . Honestly , I need 2 take better care of myself . I hate this . :( 
Thank goodness we have a half-day 2maro and no skool Friday . Need a break from that place . Hopefully I pass these Grad Tests the first go around . :) 
Justen Dickerson and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ForeverTogether , idk if u have a virus or whatevs , but u keep sending me the same link every five minutes in chat !!! ( Have nuthin against u , but do sumthin bout it . It is rather annoying ... ) 
I LOVE how you don't go to school one day and everyone's world is collapsing around them . How can so much happen in a couple of hours ? Smh 
OMG !!!! I hate her SO much !!!! If I ever met sum1 like tat in my life , I would have 2 hurt them . ( Talking bout Sae in Peach Girl . :P ) 
UPDATE : Peach Girl is the most dramatic anime in the world finished it yesterday . I <3 the ending . Reading the first book in the Maximum Ride series now . On chapter 83 . 50 more chapters to go . :P 
Well life is a never ending road leading to nowhere . U think u're on the rite track until sum obstacle leads away . Maybe the detour will b more fun than the path u were on or u got urself in trouble again . Either way , this will b an awesome adventure . 
Darn you papercut !!!! 
What is everyone's plans for Spring Break ? I don't know bout you , but I think it's time for me to catch up on my sleep . :P 
