Happy New Years Everyone !! Welcome to the new Decade !!! 

Lol so today i got the funniest thing ever !!!! A letter tellling me i am eligable to participate in Nationals Miss Teen Phoenix Pageant . 
Wants to write really badly but can't decide on wat to write about .... 
Got a headache from Math Camp :/ 
Really Frustrated . 
Happy That i don't have Math Camp tomorrow :) 
Boreddd please chat or text ! 
Happy Fathers Day Everyone !!!!! 
Made a Cake for Father's Day ! :D 
Might go to New York for 2 weeks by myself and visit my cousins there !!! :D So excited !!! 
Soooo Boredddd Someone please Text me !!! 
Nobody tlking w/ me :( feel lonely ...... 
HI ! 
Rest in Peace < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . You will always be remembered . 
I Got Contacts !!!!! :D 
Had an awesome day !!! Watched transformers and finally saw some of my friends after a loooong time :D 
Soooo Boredddd 
Bored out of my mind ! 
Math Camp getting on my nerves -_- 
Has to do Geometry hw :( 
Really Tired ...... 
Sooooo Happy there is no Math Camp tomorrow :D 
Can't believe its already half-way through Summer Break !!!! 
Happy 4th of July everyone :D !!! 
Math Camp tomorrow !!! :( 
Wants to burn my Geometry textbook very badly -_- 
Really Really Tired .... 
Don't hafta go to Math Camp tomorrow !!!! So happy :D 
Just got back from the Awesome Demi Lovato Concert !!!!!!!!!!!! :D And i was right in front of the Stage !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D !!!!!!!! 
Failing at writing .... 
Frustrated because i am getting writers block !!!!! 
Trying to fix the crappy story i started !!! 
Can't wait to see HP 6 !!!! 
Can't wait to see HP 6 Tonight !!!!! :D 
Just got back from HP 6 !!!! It was good if u don't remember the book . However if u like to compare the book with the movie .... Its disappointing ... 
Hoping its going to rain tonight !!!!!!!!!! 
Worst morning ever- Slept at probably 5:30 tossing and turning in bed cuz it was < PROPFEMALE > hot . Woke up with my mom yelling at me that i am going to be late for my Physical at 7:30 . Got there at 8 without eating breakfast , and guess what ? I have to get my Tetnu 
Really Bored :/ 
Wants it to rain really badly !!!! 
Hears Thunder !!! :D 
And now its Raining :D !!! 
Is apparently the blindest person in the world according to Deona Perlas :P 
Missing my cousins in < PROPFEMALE > :( 
Wishing i was in < PROPFEMALE > right now !!! :( 
Can't believe that school is around the corner ..... 
So Bored :/ Anyone wanna talk ? 
Can't wait to get my schedule !!! 
My Schedule !!!!! - 1 . H Chem-PHY Thies , < PROPMALE > , 2 . Choir 1-2 Devalk , < PROPFIRST > , 3 . H Alg 3-4 Kubishta , April <-- :D , 4 . Computer Appl Haynes , < PROPFEMALE > , 5 . LUNCH !, 6 . French 1-2 Sanders , < PROPFIRST > , 7 . Fresh Eng Theisman , Geral . 
Regrets not practicing for Dance * wince * 
Omg 1 more week of Summer Break !!!! :( 
Has to go Shopping for School !!!!!!!!!!! 
OMG Freshman Friday tomorrow :D 
Freshman Friday really tiring ... But i am happy i got to see everyone !!!!! :D 
Still Need a Backpack for Monday !!!!!! 
Going to Dance Audition for < PROPFEMALE > nite then having a sleepover at a friends right after :D . 
Last Day of Summer :'( First day of High School Tomorrow ! :) 
School tomorrow !!!!!! ( and i still need to finish my packet for Algebra 3-4 :| ) 
School was fun :) 
Just got home 30 minutes ago , tired as hell and still has Enlgish and French homework to do :/ 
So Tired .... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Soooooooooo Happy i am not in Honours Freshman English :D !!!!!! 
I am really tired and bored but I don't wanna do math hw or else i will definitely fall asleep ! 
Omg i cant believe i survived the first week of High School !! 
Hates Webworks !!! 
Just got back from the Speech and debate meeting at DV and it was awesome :D . Now i gott do hw :/ Great .... 
:'( 
Sooo Happy tomorrow is Friday :D Plus < PROPFEMALE > Nite !!!! 
Its Raining !!! :D <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Nite today :D 
Had a very tiring but awesome day :) gonna go sleep before i pass out on the comp :P 
Hates hw .... 
Anyone know the exact theme for sadies ? 
I Don't Know .... 
Loves being home alone so i can blare the music up and forget abt everythinig :) 
I don't know about the rest of you people but this week went by sooooo slow for me ! Thank god tomorrow is Friday !!! 
Parents having fun at Maui ....... Without me ! D: 
Had an awesome day :D 
Drowning in my hw :( 
OMG I just noticed its Drizzling outside my house !!!! :D 
I see the lightning ! I hear the Thunder :D 
Rain :D <3 
<3 Rain <3 
Sooo happy the weekend has finally arrived :D 
Grrrrrrrrrrr Homework swamping and poisoning my mind !!! Some one help me !!!! 
Anybody know wat the TSTDC e-mail address is ?! 
Finally the Weekend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Trying not to pass out on my laptop :/ 
Emmys !!! 
Slept about 4 hours .... Thank God its a half day !!!! 
Anybody in TSTDC have Domo's e-mail ? 
Please read my new note everyone !!! I want as many opinoin possible on it !!! Now i need to start on that hw :/ 
Just got home from TSTDC !!! :D it was awesome !!!! Now ..... Homework time .... Trying not to pass out .... 
Can tell that today is not going to be a pleasasnt day ...... 
Walked into my room today after coming home and it hit me .... TOMORROWS FRIDAY :D 
Got my new phone and i love it !!!!!!!! :D 
Hates hw -__- wants to burn each and every book , paper , RN , and textbook given to me .... 
can't believe that its already October ! 
Omg Fall Break next week :D !!!! 
Finally Fall Break !!! :D 
So tired ... Wants to go to sleep but just can't! 
Just remembered ... I have PSAT this weekend .... Great ... 
Had an awesome day at the mall with < PROPFEMALE > , Summer , and < PROPFIRST > :D !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > excited for Diwali !!!! :D 
The hills are alive with the sound of music , With songs they have < PROPFIRST > for a thousand years , The hills fill my heart with the sound of music , My heart wants to sing every song it hears- The Sound of Music <3 
Happy Diwali !!!!!! :D 
Can't believe that school is already here ! :'( 
I had such a good feeling that it was going to be a good day ! Then it just went downhill from there ... 
Finally done typing all the poems i wanted to preform !!!!! Now time to go catch some zzzz's!Night! 
Chipotle = Heaven !!!!!! 
Does not know what i should to be for Halloween !!! 
Sooo Happy that we have a late start tomorrow !!! :D 
In a bad mood :/ 
Finally Changed her profile pic !!!! :P 
Should prob . start on her homework , but doesn't want to :/ 
I literally woke up today thinking its Thursday , I didn't even realize it was Tuesday until i checked my calendar ............. I have a feeling this is going to be one of the most slowest and busiest weeks ever . 
Perfect weather today !!! Hoping that it stays this way !!! 
I was so tired today i forgot tomorrow was Friday :P So now i found a reason to be happy :) 
< PROPFEMALE > excited for the Tounrnament tomorrow !!! :) 
Had an awesome Day yesterday !! :D Doesn't wanna go to school tomorrow :/ 
Good day today !!! Slept in and didn't get in trouble for it . Had Deona come over after ages and < PROPMALE > out together . One of the most relaxing days ever (: 
Cannot wait until this weekend !!!! :D I have a feeling it is going to be awesome !!!! 
Tomorrows a Half Day !!!!! :D then ...... Next Wednesday- No School !!!!! :D !!!!! 
Had an awesome Half Day !!!! Saw the Grudge 2 with McKenna and Ash Bash !!! - Where is < PROPMALE > ? XD Best day ever !!!! 
Relaxing week (: Can't for the weekend !!!! 
Got the dislike button !!!! :D 
Knew I shouldn't have seen the Grudge 2 ...... Now i am seeing it everywhere !!! >:[ 
Had the Best Night Ever !!!!!! :D ( except i stepped on like a dozen rocks while dancing like crazy ! :P ) 
Happy Birthday to me !!! :P Turning 15 at 8:45 p.m !!!! :D 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Party animal . 6 : Boring . 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bf/Gf Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : God loving 22 : Smart 23 : Loving 24 : Loyal 25 : Trust worthy 26 : Fake 27 : Spiritual 28 : Successful 
Nightmare Before Christmas is an amazing movie !!! <3 
Really Really Tired ..... But needs to finish RN for English D ' : 
Finally Finished the RN and turned it in (: Nighty Night Fb ! 
Pretty nice Sunday compared to me week (: but doesn't wanna go to school tomorrow ): 
Feels like Monday keeps on dragging on and won't end ): 
So i baked a cake for French Club today ( as some people know ) . Anyway when i left to go to Speech and Debate after i had like i little less than half of th cake left . So i entered the squad room and < PROPFIRST > asks me what i had and after he took the first piece people literally swarmed me and in less than 1 minute the whole cake was gone O.O ........ 
K so 1 day i am going to bake either cookies , brownies , or cake and hand them out , So comment if u want either of them and wat kind . The most popular one are the ones i am going to bake and bring to school . So Comment (: 
Watched Paranormal Activity today (: It was really not that scary .... I don't get it ... I mean sure its creepy and everything but its not that scary ... 
Awesome Day !!!! :D 
will be completely honest for 24 hours ( on Facebook ) . . . You can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy or sinister . Put this in your status and see what you're asked . :) :) :) 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE !!!!!! :D 
I know this is kinda late but .. Rain ! :D <3 
Yesterday , my dad picked me up from school in his work car , which is a black < PROPFIRST > . I've always said he looks like a child molester when he drives it . So when he picked me up in front of the school he said ' Hey girlie , you want some < PROPFEMALE >?' I said sure and my older brother slid the door open and I got in . The looks on people faces ? Were nothing but priceless . And the best part , he actually had < PROPFEMALE > . MLIA 
Today , I woke up and looked in the mirror and noticed that my face was covered in glitter . I asked my wife about it and she said she put it on me while I was sleeping so that I would < PROPFEMALE > like < PROPFIRST > from Twilight when I'm in the sunlight . FML 
Today , I found out that neighbor's cat ( Nala ) is pregnant . The only other cat on the block is mine ( Simba ) . I am keeping one of the kittens and naming it < PROPFEMALE > . MLIA . 
Today was going so awesome !!! Until now . 
School Tomorrow ): 
Doesn't wanna go to sleep because of the storm and how much i love it ! But still wants to sleep because i am tired :/ ... Idk wat to do !!! 
Today I found out why Apple didn't make a kids version of an iTouch phone . It's because if they did , it would have to be called an iTouch kids . MLIA 
Going to make some cookies today , i am only going to give it to the people who comment on this status ! 
Just spent like 2-3 hours making batter and baking cookies ! You guys better appreciate it because i missed Glee just to make cookies ! ( Comment on status if you want cookies ) ( P.S. People who have already commented on my other status don't need to comment again ) 
Just came back from Choir Concert ! And is now veryyyy tireddd !!!! 
Finals this week ): doesn't want to be buried in reviews and end of the semester tests .... 
A couple weeks ago , I moved from England to the USA . So far my new classmates have asked me to say : hobby lobby , banana , bloody hell , and the loo . My new english teacher has asked me to say : Lumos , petrificus totalus , hogwarts , Expelliarmus , Crucio , Expecto Patronum , and Avada Kadavra . I think i am going to love the united states . MLIA 
Today I took a pregnancy test . It came back positive . I’m a guy . MLIA ( this one is wayyy better !!! ) 
Can't take this anymore . 
I love how in most states it would be snowing right now , but in Arizona its raining (: 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ryone !!!! (: 
MERRRRRRRYYYYYY CHRISSSSTTTMASSSSS EVERRRRRYYYYYONNNNEEEE !!!!!!! :D ( as you can tell i am very hyper right now ) 
Does anybody know the big thing thats going on with Skype ? 
Lovely Quote from my brother after my stupid comp decided to work : \See your computer has mood swings like you ! \ " Gotta love your siblings ...... " 
Happy New Year to everyone ! Hope 2011 will be a great year ! 
Today , my husband was teasing my unborn baby in the womb by blowing raspberries on my stomach . She was pretty annoyed by this and was rolling around . Then when he placed his head against my stomach , she kicked him in the jaw . Way to go baby ... MLIA . 
Today , my little brother was refusing to shower and wash his hair . My mom was exhausted and asked me to help . I went online and printed out a picture of < PROPFIRST > Pattinson . I told my brother that if he didn't shower he would turn out like him . He screamed and ran up the stairs to take a shower . MLIA 
ASU here we come !!!!!!!!!!!!!! (: 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I want for the new year is a CURE ! 93% won't copy and paste this will you ? 
Light Blue !!! (: <3 
Right now i feel like going in a hole and dying since my feet hurt and are covered in blisters , plus my legs hurt from walking around ASU all day long , but guess wat ? After winning the tournament all that really doesn't matter ... Cuz we dominated ASU !!! And i have some pretty funny stories !!!! :P 
Best Weekend ever !!! ASU and Cardinals beat the Packers (: 
Rain (: <3 
Go Cardinals !!!!! :D 
Heyy everyone ! News Flash ! I am grounded for the next couple of months ! Don't expect me text u guys back ! talk to u guys next time i can get one !! 
Knows its gonna be a good week cuz its gonna rain all week !!! :D <3 
Got my cell phone and Laptop back (: Still waiting for my door :/ 
Had a lott of fun at Mt . View !!! Fun tournament !! (: Can't wait for the weekend !!! 
Saints Won !!! 
What is 2i < 6u simplified ? 
No offense to anyone about wat i am going to say : So i sit down with my parents to watch Obama's State of the Union speech when i realize , the Democratic side of the room is full with people of all ethnicities and genders , then i look at the Republican side of the room and it is filled with men in suits ... All i can think of is how different the two Parties really are .......... 
Wants Saturday to come now !! 
Parents left a day early for their vaca !!! :D My bro and i are all alone until next sunday !!!! :D 
Had a fun time at < PROPFEMALE > Nite (: 
Has anyone ever wondered why Salazar Slytherin put the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets in a girl's bathroom ? MLIA 
Had one of the most fun yet tiring weekends ever !!! And now my parents come home .... There goes the fun .... 
Can't wait until single awareness day !!! I finally have an excuse to eat chocolate and ice cream and watch TV all day (: 
Sometimes i wsh i could sleep forever , because dreaming about being with him is better than knowing that it will never happen . 
Have a happy single awareness day people !! 
Thank Goodness it isn't Valentines Day anymore !!! Now i don't have to be depressed abot being single !!! (: 
Hell yes !!! < PROPFIRST > White , < PROPFIRST > Vonn , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Kicked ass today !!!! :D 
At this year's school ball , my science teacher Mr. Cooper showed up dressed as Darth Vader . The most flamboyant gay kid in the school showed up dressed as a hardcore drag < PROPFEMALE > in a pink sequinned dress . We voted them < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and , of course , they danced together . It was the best ball ever . MLIA 
Gotta love sparknotes !!!! <3 (: 
Apollo Ohno should've won silver in Mens 500m !!!! > : @ Stupid Canadian Ref . disqualified him !!!! 
Stupid phone is bein bitch so if u txt me , expect no reply until maybe , hopefully , tomorrow ... 
Web Works can go die in a f'ing hole ! 
Has anyone seen The Hurt Locker , cuz quite frankily i think Avatar should've won no matter what .... I mean like that movie is amazing ! And for those who haven't seen it , you have no life whatsoever . 
Anybody know any good rap songs ? 
Hates having parents who don't understand the meaning of friendship 
I <3 Pandora !!! 
Half Day !!!! (: 
Even though is early i should probably sleep if i don't wanna fall asleep on my laptop :/ Night everyone !!! 
Anyone have Mr. Thies for science ?! 
NO School Friday !!!!! (: <3 
How long does it take you to figure this out ? What is the 6th number ? 1 , 2 , 6 , 42 , 1806 , ______ ? 
TGIF !!! 
I love indian holidays (: <3 
\If i had balls i would kick them ! Wait Wat ? I MEANT YOU ! \ " Deona Perlas Hahahaha (: gotta lovee that girl !! " 
It feels so nice to procastinate , now i kinda regret it :/ 
Finally Finished that damn facebook project for english !!! Been working for literally 3 straight hours trying to get it right , and its still messed up !! Whatev , by now i really don't care . 
My new favorite word is lollapalooza !!! (: 
Just saw How To Train Your Dragon ! It was sooo cute !!! (: 
Pop's tonight !!!!! (: can't wait !!!!!! 
Wow ! Pops just came and flew by sooo fast !!!!! Can't wait till next yearrrr !!!! (: 
i <3 Deona Perlas 
Yayyy !!! Suns Won !!!!!! (: 
i <3 deona perlas :) 
Had a lott of fun with Deona Perlas and < PROPFEMALE > Ebert Todayyy ! Went to panda express and got an interesting fortune cookie : be quicker of mind than of tounge .. ( in bed ) o.O Yuppp ... Anyway !! Fun day !!! (: Thanks guys ! 
Had a better day than expected !!!! (: Hope tomorrow is even better !! 
Being sick during the summer is no fun ): 
Got new glasses !! Hope my contacts come in soon though .... 
First person to like this : you will be my profile picture for the day . Second person to like this : your last name will be my last name for two days . Third person can dare me to do one thing . Fourth person : I will not say I'm in a relationship with you for a week . Put this on your status if you have nothing better to do . 
What started out as a great day just turned bad . 
Amzing win by spain in the last few minutes !!! 
\Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
YAAYYYYYYY SPAINNNN WONNNNN :D !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
“Sing like no one's listening , love like you've never been hurt , dance like nobody's watching , and live like its heaven on earth . ” - < PROPFIRST > Twain <3 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out this week cuz i am bored as hell and need to meet up with people !!! 
Saw Inception and it was sooo good !!!!!! Much better than i had originally expected !!! Leanardo DiCaprio is just amazing !!!!!! 
All i gotta say is : Rain <3 (: 
Had < PROPFEMALE > much fun today dancing in the rain in my backyard !!! Somewhat reminds me of < PROPFEMALE > (: 
Was too lazy to put this up earlier but now i am bored ... Sooo Anyone gonna be in my classes maybe ? \ 
\ 
1 ) H French 3-4\ 
2 ) H Finite Math/Brief Calc\ 
3 ) Choir 3-4\ 
4 ) Lunch\ 
5 ) H Biology 1-2\ 
6 ) H Sophmore English\ 
7 ) AP World History/ Geography 
is now becoming obsessed with < PROPFIRST > Gordon-Levitt ....... 
Its Raining ! (: <3 
Whoo hoo !!!! Cardinals won !!!! 
I wish i could be little again , not care about looking perfect , not worrying 24/7 about grades , hanging out with guys without things getting too complicated , no more stupid drama to make life more stressed , not a care in the world for the future , being friends with everyone and having the time of my life , but then everyone gets older , and reality hits you one day , nothing will ever be the same again . 
Really doesn't want to do the essay for English :/ 
I love 7th Period AP World , i swear the highlight of my entire day is that class ! <3 (: 
Its days like today that make me want to be a kid again with no worries . 
Took a three hour nap after school and i have never felt better ! 
Three day weekend went by way too fast ): 
What am I doing Saturday night ? Watching < PROPFEMALE > and The Frog on Netlix (: <3 Beat that ! 
This weekend should never end ! 
So how many people watched Glee today and wanted to punch < PROPFEMALE > in the face ? 
Finally made a tumblr (: http://volleyaero.tumblr.com/ 
I hate finance ... Especially in Finite , because all we ever deal with is word problems .... 
Choir Concert was a lot of fun !! (: <3 
My parents might let me get my room painted over fall break !!!! :D Needs help finiding the right color !! 
Next time you go on Wiki and search something , on the left side with all the different languages pick Simple English ! 
I like it on the couch . 
Finally the one thing i have been looking forward to since school started !!! Fall Break !!! 
Haha its so much fun looking through old Diary's and seeing how different i was (: 
My room got painted blue today !!! (: 
Who has to be at school at 5:30 a.m. during fall break for TSTDC ? I doo (: but i wouldn't want to be anywhere else ! ( except my bed ) 
Seriously facebook ? Why in the world do you want to change the way we chat like fifty times ?! Its getting too complicated !! I just want to know who is online or not by their name not profile picture ! 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . 97% won't post this as their status , be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer . 
HI ANISHA !!!! \ 
<3 BECKIII 
Happy Halloween everyone !!! <3 
So I am tired as hell from Halloween and decided to finish up homework when my computer decides to totally not cooperate with me and shuts down . I have a rough draft for a 5 paragraph essay due tomorrow as well as a project for AP . Isn't life great ? 
6 more days until birthday and even better , 17 more till deathly hallows !! (: 
I would just like to say Happy Diwali to all you indian people out there (: <3 
Well facebook is being stupid with chat and not showing people that its my birthday today ..... :/ 
8 more days till < PROPMALE > Potter !!!! Can't waitttt !!! xD 
Day just went from okay , to really really bad . 
Put this as your status if someone you knew was killed by Lord Voldemort . As everyone knows , being killed by Avada Kedavra , having your soul sucked out by a dementor , or getting petrified by a basilisk is a truly tragic fate for anyone , muggle or wizard . 93% of people won't copy and paste this . Will you make this your status to spread awareness of this growing threat ? 
Was at the park yesterday playing tennis with my brother , when two little boys run past the courts and then one of them yelled \Expelliarmus ! \ " . I gotta say i approve their parenting (: " 
First time backing in months ! Forgot how fun it can be (: 
Likes the new sound that facebook makes once you get a new im (: 
No cell phone , laptop , or ipod this whole long weekend . This is more of a torture than a break . 
The three things that keep me sane everyday : Music , Books , and My Best Friends <3 
Found out today that my realtives in < PROPFEMALE > lost their 8 month old baby girl due to Kidney failure . RIP . 
Tangled was so cutee !! <3 
Had fun loking crazy and singing in the mall with Suravi Sengupta (: 
Who is totally ready for their math final tomorrow ?! ( Not me ) 
Tomorrow is gonna be one busy day ! Especially with the DVHS Choir Concert tomorrow at 7 ! Come see it cuz it is gonna be awesome !! (: 
Whatever idiot that came up with mid-terms and finals needs to be shot in the face . 
Half Day + Chipotle = <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! I hope you all have a wonderful day full of joy and laughter ! <3 
I wish the insomnia would leave so I could make peace with my dreams 
First day back and it felt like break had never even happened .... 
Anybody else read Pride and Prejudice for the Victorian Project ? 
Three day weekend (: Can't waitt ! 
Highlight of my Day : Cantilena finishing 20 or more boxes of pizza in less than 30 minutes ! (: 
Grammy's <3 
I usually don't like rap , but damn Eminem , you are just freaking amazing ! 
poooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooop 
Anybody have an old T-Mobile phone they aren't using , that i can borrow ? ( my current phone broke ) . 
Bluberry ! (: 
RIP Dobby <3 You will be missed dearly ! 
Tylenol freaking sucks ! I took it like an hour ago and my head still feels like its being hammered ! Anyone wanna give me some Advil ? 
Finally the only thing i have been looking forward to since Winter Break ! Spring Break (: 
It is a tragedy what is happening in Japan , my prayers blessings go to the people who live there and have family members there . 
There is no place like home after a long vacation (: 
Just to warn everybody , my touch screen on my phone stopped working and i won't know when it starts working again . So if you text me i can't read it or reply to it , and If you call me i should be able to pick up and talk ! 
