Partied my ass off last night ! Pissed someone stole my champagne , drank it , and left the bottle so I could find it empty . Other than that , rang out the new year right :) 

Not sure what i'm doing today . If anybody does anything fun tonight , let me know ! :) 
Just got macked on at wal-mart , in the parking lot , when it's 10 degrees out .... those guys are keeping it classy :P 
Left my damn debit card at the bar .... 
Doing nothing for the rest of the day sounds good 
So excited for grad school ! 
Celebrating my anniversary tomorrow :) Then going on the canoe trip !! 
think i want to hit someone 
Going to the Rhino Tonight ! It's a rare occasion and everyone is invited to come out :) 
Going to the Woodward Dream Cruise today 
Going camping for the weekend !! 
Wants to know what people have planned for labor day weekend 
chilling out with some banrock station , movies , and my boy 
not sure why no matter what I do , all I get is disrespect 
seriously 
couldn't hate life any more than right now ....... 
working hard for my money 
Making some dinner 
Going to the zoo today 
Happy Hallmark day ! Or I mean Sweetest Day to all ! 
HAAAPPPYYY HALLOWEEN ! 
is doing online training at work , trying not to be too excited about it ;) 
Is going out in the field ;) 
so sick with a fever :( I hope this goes away quick 
head is hurting , feeling kinda dizzy , and my fever won't go away ! AAAHHH ! 
Feeling a little better today . Let's hope I can keep the ball rolling ! 
Been sitting at the house all week wanting to die , now I need to get outta here even if it's just to the mall or something 
Feeling useless not being able to go to the gym ... f(*% you , bronchitis ! Lots of work to be done next week 
Partying at the hotel tonight so i don't get thrown in jail by the po-po later on tonight ;) that would definately ruin my thanksgiving 
Happy Thanksgiving !! 
I am going shopping today but just for a christmas tree , our other one looks like it's turning yellow :P 
Put up the tree and now i'm drinking some cocktails , watching the red wings with < PROPFEMALE > mother fucking brown 
I'm broke for one more day and then I get paid !! :) 
To do : Grocery shopping , Christmas shopping , try to find a place to hide presents where kid won't find them .... 
What to do tonight .... 
There's a lot of work to be done in the gym this week , time to play catch up 
Totally decorating christmas cookies and watching my favorite christmas movie as a kid , The muppets christmas carol ...... lol 
REALLY pissed that I am sick again ! At least it's no where near as bad as last time but it is really fucking up my workout routine ... bye , bye muscle ... i'll see you again in a month , i hope 
In a daze ...... :( 
Officially back living with mom .... lame . At least , I will get back on my feet financially .... here's hoping 
Can't believe it's almost Christmas .... 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone :) 
I know my baby is a lot more comfortable now because he won't shut up , lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! It's just not quite the same this year .... 
Going to see Avatar with the girls :) Have my christmas cocktail there 
this has beeen the oddest christmas ever 
Mission : get cleaned up and figure out what is going on tonight 
Wondering about some things ..... 
Work then I definately need to go workout ! I have some catching up to do 
Left my phone at home ....... i hate when I do that . Good thing I have my work cell :) 
Is it possible to have excitement and passion without drama ? Or do the two go hand in hand ? 
Got a new dress for new years ! OOOO yea :) 
I can't believe the year is over ! The last workout of 2009 and then it's time to party ! Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > everyone , be safe out there . 
Had an amazing night ! New years resolutions : take more pictures , buy a house , and enjoy life . 
Date night with my boy <3 
I think facebook needs a facelift ........ >:O 
I would like to drink some delicious wine ..... if only I had some company to drink it with 
Made some meatloaf for dinner ......... turkey meatloaf :) 
Venturing out to the rhino tonight .... wish me luck in this weather ! 
Going for some exciting grocery shopping then library pub tonight 
We cannot love and be limited . 
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own . You do not blame them on your mother , the ecology , or the president . You realize that you control your own < PROPFEMALE > . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
The self is not something ready-made , but something in continuous formation through choice of action . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Not Feeling too hot today 
Bridal show today with my girl and then who knows 
Out to Bar < PROPFIRST > tonight :) 
DEFINATELY overdid it yesterday .... 
hmmmmmm ............................................................................................... 
Wish I was still sleeping like everyone else !! 
I hate Netgear 
You may be deceived if you trust too much , but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough . - < PROPFIRST > Crane 
Love < PROPMALE > bank right now ! :) Going to workout the legs today , some running around to do , and then out to the rhino with my gals 
Debating what I should do tonight .... might go to wings game , might not 
Probably going to the liquor store tonight in Novi .... hit me up if anyone wants to join ! 
Ok back to having no idea what i'm doing tonight , lol 
Drank it up , spilled on my shirt , turned ' em down left and right , and made it home alright :) 
First time I've slept in past 12 in I don't know how long 
Let us not look back in anger or forward in fear , but around in awareness . - < PROPFIRST > Thurbur 
Out :) 
isn't sure what her status is 
There's no stopping this hot < PROPFEMALE > shillelagh !! lmao 
Nothing like a little sex and the city therapy :) 
My day just got soooo much better ! :) 
It's such a small world ..... especially in south lyon 
Sometimes you just have to know when to cut your losses 
SOOOOOO Ready for tonight !! I'm bringing sexy back ! ;) LOL 
Happy Birthday to my little babydoll , < PROPFEMALE > ! Can't believe she's already 6 ! 
Felt like a goddamn celebrity last night ........ it was fucking great !!!! Danced my ass off , met some cool people , and rocked it out ;) 
Of course my computer gets a virus from myspace ..... boooo ! 
Does NOT want to drive around in this weather 
Interesting 
Lies are often much more plausible , more appealing to reason , than reality , since the liar has the great advantage of knowing beforehand what the audience wishes or expects to hear . 
Just chillin tonight with some wine , < PROPFEMALE > , and movies 
< PROPFIRST > actually sent the first ' < PROPFIRST>' greeting himself . While in prison , it is believed that < PROPFIRST > fell in love with a young girl — who may have been his jailor's daughter — who visited him during his confinement . Before his death , it is alleged that he wrote her a letter , which he signed ' From your < PROPFIRST >,' an expression that is still in use today . 
Gotta do my taxes today so I can get some extra dough 
When it's dark enough , that's when the stars finally appear at their brightest . 
Legs feel sore today for the first time in I think months . Yay for progress !! 
\I'm SSSSuper SSSSerial \"" 
Definately feeling it today from squats on monday !! Just walking is slightly painful LOL 
Hahahahahhahahahahhhahahahaha !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! slop fests all around !!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy my shoulder doesn't hurt as much today so I guess I didn't injure it too bad 
I love my fucking analytical mind !!! It's my best friend but also can be my worst enemy ;) 
Sometimes it's hard to know if you are doing the right thing or the wrong thing when there's so much grey to navigate through . But usually your first instinct is the right one . When we push that to the side and keep searching for other things or answers is when we finally realize we knew the answer all along . 
I have reason to believe that I have victories to taste I can feel them on my teeth , upon my lips and in my chest I can roll them on my tongue , they are more supple than defeat I feel the tension in my lungs and every move is fueled by my resolve to breathe 
Less than a month away to the big 2-6 ! Dear god , no ! Need some ideas of what to do ....... 
T-minus 8 hours until my people's holiday where you must drink until little leprachauns appear and try to steal your lucky charms ! Kiss my shillelagh and blarney stones !!!!! 
R.I.P. my little Baby cat , she will be missed :'( 
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time ; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable . 
Some need a challenge and others just need something to bend to their every whim ; I like challenges . 
Getting ready to squat some serious weight , get these legs even sexier than they are now for summer ! 
It's not enough , it never is 
It's like going from a ferrari to a pinto ;) 
Just waiting for the shit show to begin 
A knock off is good at seeming like the original but the owner knows the truth but pretends that they don't . 
\And confidence is the stain they can't wipe off \"" 
It's gonna be the perfect weather , for the perfect weekend ! 5 more days !!! 
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity . The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty . 
I can feel summer coming on ! I can't wait !!!!!!! Tonight , tomorrow , and SATURDAY are gonna be amazing !! 
Great night last night !! :) Round 2 tonight in < PROPMALE > Oak , can't wait ! 
Here I go for round 2 !! Ready , set , go ! 
Thanks all for the Birthday wishes ! Tonight is gonna be a great time and I can't wait to see everyone there ! The shit show starts at 9 tonight !! :) 
Thank you for the birthday wishes and thanks to everyone who came out and celebrated with me last night ! I had a great time !! Now it's time for some recuperating and having some delicious easter dinner :) 
has a raging headache that needs to go away ASAP 
So excited for Opening day !! 3 more days :) 
O yea ! Things just keep getting better all the time :) Gotta keep the momentum going !! Can't wait til tomorrow and friday !!!!!!!!! 
So excited to < PROPFEMALE > out with my favorite people :) Only 2 more hours til my girls and my boy will be here ! 
is checking out a house today 
Tonight , we shall go watch the shit show at the cougar den .... I mean , memories . 
Going to shoot some guns with the old man today :) 
People spend a lifetime searching for happiness ; looking for peace . They < PROPMALE > idle dreams , addictions , religions , even other people , hoping to fill the emptiness that plagues them . The irony is the only place they ever needed to search was within . 
In real love you want the other person's good . In romantic love you want the other person . 
The first time you looked at her curves you were hooked And the glances you took , took hold of you and demanded that you stay And sunk in their teeth , bit your heart and released Such a charge that you need another touch , another taste , another fix -Dashboard Confessional 
All perceiving is also thinking , all reasoning is also intuition , all observation is also invention . 
gonna go kick my legs asses ! lol my injury has no choice but to toughen up real quick ! 
Chillin like a villian for the rest of the night 
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete , everybody will respect you . 
Driving home , saw some dude right after he got hit by a car while riding a bicycle around Beck and < PROPFEMALE > , just lying there in the left turn < PROPFIRST > . Why is there always retarded shit happening at that intersection ? 
My hip needs a break but I just can't do it ! I don't wanna stop !!! 
Officially decided to give my injury a week of rest and hoping that will do the trick . 
Gonna not stink like smoke after the bar tonight ! Gonna be so weird ... Good for me , bad for < PROPFEMALE > Brown !! lol 
love chillin with my boy :) 
Woke up way earlier than I wanted to .... Gonna need a nap :p 
Our ideals resemble the stars , which illuminate the night . No one will ever be able to touch them . But the men who , like the sailors on the ocean , take them for guides , will undoubtedly reach their goal . 
Why do people think it's cute to air their dirty laundry everywhere ? Sick . 
Today was a fairytale\ 
I wore a dress\ 
You wore a dark grey t-shirt\ 
You told me I was pretty when I looked like a mess\ 
Time slows down whenever you're around 
Bachelorette party tonight !!! It's gonna be nuts ! 
Hopefully everything comes out beautiful <3 
wedding tomorrow . ah geez . 
Indiana wedding today ! get to < PROPFEMALE > with my good friend < PROPFEMALE > who I haven't seen in waay too long ! reception will be crazy !! 
So had way too much fun in indiana , got to see some old friends , got hit on by guys from 5 different countries , drank a lot , some dude threw up on my arm and all over another guy , danced a LOT , and got lost in dt , stole reeses pieces , and enjoyed a beautiful wedding ! lol 
About to go hit some baseballs around . 
I'm nothing but a masochist .... 
anybody up for some volleyball today ?? 
Thinking about all the changes that need to be made to get what I want set in motion 
My back is pissed at me .... need to numb it .... 
How am I still getting sick when it's damn near 90 degrees outside ? What's everyone's plans for memorial day ? 
Say something new .... 
Happy memorial day ! 
It rained for like a minute but that minuted foiled any outside plans I tried to make today ..... booooooo ! Making the best of it with my man ;) 
\Luck be a lady tonight \"" 
Love wants a certain kind of closeness ; < PROPFEMALE > needs space and distance to thrive . 
Ignorance is my new best friend 
Wants to go to cedar point , go camping , visit colorado , go hiking , party on some boats , skinny dip , bonfire , canoe trip it , aaaaaand just basically have a fucking awesome summer ..... who's in ? 
Went from a nasty day out to a beautiful one !!!!! Too bad my boy is sick in bed with strep :/ 
Made some delicious chicken , mushroom , and spinach crepes from scratch ! Wanted to take a picture but my phone doesn't like to do things I tell it ... 
Tigers game tonight with < PROPFEMALE > Rocks !! Hope it doesn't rain ! 
You cannot judge the quality of another's friendship by superficial appearances , especially when things are going smoothly . It is only when we have experienced the worst , most crushing of times is when we can experience the joys of genuine friendship . Only a man of principle , a woman of resolve-a person who stays true to their chosen path-can be a trusted and true friend , and have real friends in turn . 
So sick of money ........... 
I need a new gun show picture to put up .......... LOL 
How does it feel , \ 
What does it mean to you , \ 
You're heart is real , \ 
It isn't bulletproof 
Up north for the weekend , chillin at the cabin with my boo :) So excited ! Some relaxing time , definately need it after this week !! 
Cannot believe how many damn mosquitos bites I have and of course nothing happens to < PROPFIRST > ... I must be extra tasty , lol ! 
OOOOO , is it Thursday yet ?? 
Going to the drive-in tonight and then ready to get schwamered tomorrow !!! 
Massage at the gym = bruised ass 
Crazy that Scream 4 is shooting in downtown Northville ! I almost drove through it yesterday , too . LOL 
Tigers game tonight with my sexy man !! And it seems like everybody I know is gonna be at this game tonight , lol . 
I broke down and scheduled an appt to see a doc about my damn hip/back injury that i've been suffering from since APRIL 
You cannot establish an identity through others , only sheep think that this is possible . Leaders are the ones that are followed and I've always been the leader ;) 
Told to take 2 weeks off from legs !!!! I'm gonna go nuts ! That's what you get when you overuse your hips ;) lol I don't know how well I will stick to this plan ..... 
Physical therapy for the first time today , found out I might have scoliosis ............... sweet 
Sometimes you have to push aside your pride and bite the bullet 
Something is finally working , now I just need to figure out what it is and keep up with it . Maybe it's all of it , either way ......... starting to feel better :D 
So I hear the Walled Lake Beach party is this Saturday , who's going ?? 
Partying is gonna be at the beerfest thingy in south lyon tonight !! come join ! 
Last weekend was a good weekend :) Hope this weekend will be as good or better ! 
Damn , I can already tell when i'm done with physical therapy .... I'm gonna be fucking dominant in the gym !! Feeling better everyday ! 
Love is union with somebody , or something , outside oneself , under the condition of retaining the seperateness and integrity of oneself . 
Reason , ruling alone , is a force confining ; and passion , unattended , is a flame that burns to its own destruction . 
Celebrating < PROPFIRST>'s birthday tonight at < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s in Brighton at 9 pm . Come on out ! 
One of these days the sky's gonna break and everything will escape and I'll know \ 
One of these days the mountains are gonna fall into the sea and they'll know \ 
That you and I were made for this \ 
I was made to taste your kiss \ 
We were made to never fall away \ 
Never fall away 
The only thing on my mind is , \What the fuck just happened ? \"" 
To the gym I go , time to get these legs back in action :p 
CAMPING !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
WTF is wrong with the world , there is always a mother frucker that needs a reality check .... isn't there ? 
Is it really Mid-August already ?? 
Who wants to go to Cedar Point around September 4th ?? Raise your hands !!! 
Making some dinner with my man 
LOL , People are stupider than I originally thought ........ awesome 
I am the voice you'll never get\ 
I am the one ..... I am the Promise and the Threat 
Fun night last night !! Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > :) 
Well , well , well ... Me and my cat , < PROPMALE > , are gonna cuddle up , have some wine , and watch Taxi Driver . I feel like I have abandoned my child and he no longer knows who I am ...... LOL . 
So many things I could do , yet I feel like doing none of them . The beach to get my tan on is about it , maybe hit the ol ' vball around . 
\I was awfully curious to find out why I didn't go insane . \ " - < PROPMALE > Maslow ( founder of humanistic psychology ) " 
Out to Memories for my girl , < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday !! Time for some cougar shit shows !! I'll take picutres for you , < PROPFEMALE > Brown , lol . 
Arts , beats , and eats + Cedar Point = fun filled weekend :D 
This morning has made me realize that I need to go jacket shopping soon . 
NOT looking forward to tomorrow . It's gonna be a long day . Anybody have plans for friday night ? 
Getting tortured at an all day training . So happy to have a phone with internet to entertain me . 
I have nothing witty , fucked up , entertaining , mind-blowing , perplexeing , wonderious , curious , stupid or hilarious to say on the o-so glorious facebook . 
If you can't be a good example , then you'll just have to be a horrible warning . 
Oh so very tired , I would like to nap . 
\You're the best thing that's ever been mine\ " ;) " 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > . We all love you and miss you ! 
So excited for the weekend !!!!! Gonna party it up with the gals cuz yayi's about to get married :) 
My body continues to hurt me ............. 
Dinner with Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Peters :) 
I always feel like I'm waiting for something 
Bachelorette party tonight for < PROPFEMALE > !! It's gonna be a wild night :) 
An intelligent person is never afraid or ashamed to find errors in his understanding of things . 
So glad it was just allergies yesterday and nothing more 
Walk for Breast Cancer Awareness tomorrow morning at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Shopping with Mom :) 
Hopefully , this week will fly by :) 
If there is such a thing as a good marriage , it is because it resembles friendship rather than love . 
Rehersal dinner tonight :) 
Yayi's getting married today !!!!! Can't believe it ! :) 
Best weekend ever ! I got to do so much and spend my time with all my favorite people !! 
Getting sleep but still feeling exhausted 
fall on your knees cuz next time I won't be so kind 
The muscle in my calf has been twitching for 4 days ! It needs to stop already ! 
What , What 
Almost Halloweeny-time !!! 
The millions of < PROPFEMALE > fleeing Ireland's potato famine of 1846 , helped to popularize the celebration of Halloween nationally . Taking from < PROPFEMALE > and English traditions , Americans began to dress up in costumes and go house to house asking for food or money , a practice that eventually became today's \trick-or-treat\ " tradition . " 
Love my world but miss my girl 
It's ol ' hallows < PROPFEMALE > , bitches lol 
Happy Halloween ! 
Is gonna be voting today ! 
Blackberry's Suck ! Especially the ones with the little rolly balls . 
Running around like a chicken with my head cut off :p 
Having a really good day ! Get to see mr. and mrs. kopchick tonight ! 
Just wanna go back to sleep !! 
Hoping this nice , mild weather sicks around as long as possible . < PROPFEMALE > Brown is trying to curse it with all her snow talk ! 
Say whatever you want to say cuz I can laugh it off ;) 
In order to motivate others , sometimes you have to just lead by example and hope that it'll rub off . 
You don't want to wait much longer because you think that you've been patient long enough . You aren't quite ready to initiate your plan today , but in your mind you have already escaped from the starting gate and are running the race . It's crucial now to pay attention to the differences between what you want and what you already have , but it's not yet time to bridge the gap . 
ah man , it's monday boooooo 
Sooooo irritated >:o I hope things change around as the day goes on .... 
Glad that I have someone to make me happy and laugh when i'm upset . I'm a lucky woman :) 
tonight is time to get chocolate wasted with my bff , < PROPFEMALE > brown ! 
Being tired all day really sucks but at least I made it through my gym session 
I am thankful for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hale for being a nutty housewife back in 1863 and pushing Thanksgiving to be a national holiday ! Now we all get to stuff ourselves silly tomorrow :) Tonight , however , is the biggest bar night of the year ! 
Thanksgiving was good but boy did it do some damage so I had to do some damage at the gym ! Now I just need something to do tonight .... 
Saturday Night is alright ! 
Time for the gym . I know you are all so surprised . 
To the ol ' watering hole with < PROPFEMALE > rocks and downtown < PROPFEMALE > brown . 
Thinking about going househunting soon . Probably after the holidays . Anybody that's done it got any tips ? 
< PROPFEMALE > cochran concert in novi . 
Good thing I bought extra cookie dough cuz I burnt one tray with a brand new oven that got way too hot , way too fast . Then I wake up this morning and the \cookie monster\ " ate a third of them already .... aka < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE >." 
I want it to be the weekend already . 
I'm too pretty to be in the situation I am in right . fuck you , to whoever tries to run their mouth to this status ! LOL ! 
poker face :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > tomorrow :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s going away linner in < PROPMALE > oak . I'm sad but happy for her ! 
All businesses should be required to have a snow day like the schools do ! Except for the gym and maybe grocery stores lol . 
lunches all friggin week ! 
My traveler's check saves me once again ! lol 
For a second I wish the tide , Would swallow every inch of this city , As you gasp for air tonight , I'd scream this song right in your face , If you were here , I swear I won't miss a beat , Cause I never , Never have before ! 
Yay for Friday ! 
Watching some south park , eat some brownies that I made from scratch , and < PROPFEMALE > with my boy . Excited for the bash of the year tomorrow . < PROPFIRST > , you must be proud ;) 
Lunch with < PROPFEMALE > , xmas shopping , and then it's time for craziness tonight at the xmas bash ! 
6 more days til Christmas ! 
I hate being apprehensive about stuff . It's usually because I have a feeling I know what will happen . 
Wow , that was a rough start this morning . 
I need to be better with picture taking . A bit more shopping to do today , workout , dinner with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , then off to < PROPFEMALE > arbor to celebrate < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE>'s bdays !! so much to do ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! thankful to spend the holidays with the ones I love . 
Had a great Christmas :) Best one I've had in a while . Love you , < PROPFIRST > : * 
Good luck in S . Korea , < PROPFEMALE > ! We'll miss you . 
My boyfriend is spoiled :) 
Happy New Years to everyone !! I hope everyone has a great night and is safe ! I get to spend the night with my love and a few of my good friends . Yes , we are going to the HOTEL but at least we can walk back safely ! 
Feeling stronger everyday ! 
Making some dinner and then MACHETE ! I hope it's as good as it looks . 
I think I might just punch my work computer because it is painfully slow . Today is gonna be a long day . 
A little bit of snow and everyone drives like even bigger idiots than usual . argh ! 
cuddling with my man to keep me warm :) love it . 
Some running around to do today . Then out to R.O. for Keithy poo's bday ! 
Going to support my boo in Redford today ... time to wheel and deal some people . 
Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth . 
Worst sleep ever last night , hot and cold chills , aching all over , and coughing ! Hate being sick ........ I hope I can fight it off in a day if I just rest today . 
Honest disgreement is often a good sign of progress . 
Driving all the way out to Gibralter ... agh . NOT fun in this weather . Finally , over this cold almost so I think a visit to the gym is in order afterward . 
Out for < PROPFIRST>'s Birthday tonight ! 
Time to whip these guns back into shape ! No more sicky for me !! 
Old sex and the city reruns are the BEST 
I would make the same mistakes again 
Getting the long locks cut . I'm scared ! I hope it turns out good ! 
Ah , what a crazy night . That's all that needs to be said about that . 
My hips and back are pissed off at me :( A little heat therapy is all i need 
I want spring to come !!! Or take a vaca , whatever comes first . 
They need a pet peeves category . I would say : Traffic , irrational/unintelligent people , junk email , credit card/loan/financial corporations , and one-uppers . 
Going to see < PROPFIRST>'s new nephew today :) 
Yay for a surprise pay increase ! 
Dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > in Brighton ! Then it's up in the air ... hit me up if anyone is doing anything tonight ! 
Unhappiness is best defined as the difference between our talents and our expectations . 
Going to go see True Grit with my < PROPFEMALE > tonight :) At the little South Lyon theater LOL 
Watching House .... I love how nonchalant he is . 
I do not have good luck with tires . This is probably the 5th one that has been replaced in a little over a year ! :( 
Super Bowl Sunday ! Who's gonna win , steelers or packers ?? 
What was everybody's favorite super bowl ad ? I think my top was the Pepsi < PROPMALE > commercial where the girl chucked the can at her husband and ends up hitting the blond girl and taking her out ! LMAO ! 
Wish I could progress with some things a little quicker ! But good things come to those who wait ............. or those who push a little harder to get what they want ! 
Just signed up for a certification program that's six weeks ! I hope it's worth it !! 
Danced my ass off last night and got it out of my system :) Now , what to do tonight ? 
Gonna go see my abandoned child aka my cat < PROPMALE > and sunday lunch with the rents followed by The < PROPMALE>'s Speech :) 
My < PROPFIRST > is taking me out tonight ! <3 
cpr and first aid training all day . blah . 
Last night = hilarious when you're at the classy rhino ! Had some girl calling me < PROPFEMALE > all night and even introduced me to \Mark Whalberg\ " ! I should've taken a picture LMAO ! " 
Saturday night's all right 
So sick of the snow . I want spring to come quicker ! 
Took a snow day .... looked outside and said F$^@ that . President's Day on history channel :p 
day 1 of torture commences . took me an hour and a half just to get here . who is the genius that schedules a 3 day training in the worst month of the year ? 
day 2 of fun :p can't wait for thursday night . 
Last day of training ! Hoping to get out a little early and going to the wings game with my man ! 
I feel like an old woman after running yesterday , i'm too young for this ! LOL Gonna go tough it out at the gym . Can't stop , won't stop 
The weekend went by way too fast 
Had a old man come up to me at the gym to tell me he appreciates seeing me up there and working out hard . I get some of the most random compliments ever sometimes . LMAO ! 
Slighly frustruated 
To find yourself jilted is a blow to your pride . Do your best to forget it and if you don't succeed , at least pretend to . 
Who eats brussel sprouts and canned tuna for lunch ? This girl right here ! 
Sad my love is leaving me for 9 days :( 
And the shit show already begins ! 
I need this headache to go away .... so i'll go do some cardio and relieve some tension . 
Going to the hotel tonight with downtown < PROPFEMALE > brown ! Come < PROPFEMALE > out if you want ! That's my open invite :p 
Time to attempt to deal with some BS >:O 
Swim in the smoke , the hero will drown , intoxicating beauty tears everything down . 
There should be no surprise that I do not condone fat tuesday . Hoping to squeeze in a gym session then getting Holmstrom's autograph with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Wish my boo was back :( 
