Call me beofre you're dead , we can make some plans instead 

fucking car got stolen . 
fuck . bored . there's nothing to do . 
5,000 SQUIRRELS 
My bad .. 10,000 SQUIRRELS ! 
now with 50% more SQUIRREL ! 
fuck isu 
friday was awesome :] squee 
absolutely bored . Call me ... you know who you are 
doing laundryyy ... bleh 
And we're running down the backstreets Oi ! Oi ! Oi ! And we're running unafraid Oi ! Oi ! Oi ! Cause we all know that that's the sound of the streets 
RIP Maddix/Mandark :[ 
so confused .... :[ 
so this has been like the best day ive had all year most likely .... :] 
party tonightttttt :D oh yeah . and why are guys such assholes sometimes , i mean really ? 
damn ... 
wearing my roommate croc shoes . i feel like a twat 
im sorry ... i really am 
i wonder how many cars you see when dirving have bodies in the trunk 
feel like shit .... fuck 
fuck us postal service . 45$ for a fucking package to be two nighted , its been FOUR FUCKING DAYS ! 
My package was supposed to besent in 2 days . its been FIVE fucking days now FUCK YOU USPS 
moving to kentucky in december prob 
made my pc look like a < PROPMALE > :] 
still bored though ... 
bored ... ready to go home 
feels like shit .... first time sick in years .... :[ 
bi polar ? 
fffucked uppppppppppppewpepepeppepewfpmpnsf 
i like my coffee black just like my metal 
cant wait to go home tuesday and see mah besty :] 
cant wait to go home !!!!!! :D 
getonmyhorse.com 
hanging with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > :D 
well tough titties then , mr. pussy cat 
back at campus ... still kinda sore from the accident 
went to bed at 8 this morning , awake now though because my roommate doesnt know how to be fucking quiet and let people sleep 
< PROPFEMALE > sigh 
completely fucking pissed off 
dont know what to do , think im really going to move pittsburgh in a month or so . start over . 
I'm half alive , but i feel mostly dead 
I'm guessing there's a pill for that ? 
Tired ... but not tired enough 
blah , i cant wait to get my phone activated so i can text .... no more cracked screen ! 
And i dont want to be the center of attention , i just want to be noticed . 
on facebook apps and shit you should be allowed to send gifts to yourself .... 
last day at ISU :[ 
im going to delete the next person who changes their main pic to a pokemon . 
wake&bake 
bored . bored bored . bored bored bored bored bored bored 
wasnt good enough ... again 
court tuesday . this fucking blows 
poop ? 
hate it when i forget to sign out and people mess with my shit 
Tired of lying in the sunshine staying home to watch the rain , and you are young and life is long and there is time to kill today 
And now my bitter hands , cradle broken glass , of what was everything . All the pictures have all been washed in black , tattooed everything 
Sometimes I worry that I've lost the plot My twitching muscles tease my flippant thoughts I never really dreamed of heaven much Until we put him in the ground 
A million poppies gonna make me sleep . But just one < PROPFEMALE > it knows your name The fruit is rusting on the vine The fruit is calling from the trees 
If only tonight we could sleep In a bed made of flowers If only tonight we could fall In a deathless spell If only tonight we could slide Into deep black water And breathe 
And I cant tell if you're laughing Between each smile there's a tear in your eye There's a train leaving town in an hour It's not waiting for you and neither am I 
-yawn- 
.... cleaned my room ... O.o 
January , 1979 saw a terrible crash , and couldn't help but laugh , my ear pressed against the pass , like a glass on a wall of a house in a photograph , my forehead no longer sweet with the holy kisses worthy of your fiery lips , I was floating in a peaceful sea , rescued by a sinking ship . 
so ... fuck those notifications talking about people leaving comments when theyre really not 
boredededededededededededededed 
class at eight in the morning , i hope i wake up ... 
There was a sense of disappointment as we left the mall , all the young people looked the same , wearing their masks of cool and indifference . Commerce dressed up as rebellion 
today is going to be the best day ive had in awhile .... 
tired ... headache ... fuck 
fuck off 
There is no reconciliation that will put me in my place , and there is no time like the present to drink these draining seconds , but seldom do these words ring true when I'm constantly failing you , like walls that we just can't break through until we disappear 
cant stop listening to rise against 
nap .__________. 
just woke up ... bored ... nothing to do 
thinking about going back to bed ... 
class cancelled squeeeee 
damn why do i feel so much better all of a sudden ... 
... class ... sigh 
my nights ruined . thanks . 
bleh bored 
hm ... the < PROPMALE > show isnt really as good as family guy 
got myself up for class , forgot about court though . fuck 
dont you know the first law of physics ? everything thats fun costs at least 8 dollars 
out of jail , it was only only for the night though , no big deal . //Forgiveness is the final form of love// 
bleh . i hate peppers 
what else could i say ? everyone is gay . 
dear chasey lain ; 
Holy eyes , I never knew I'd beg down at your feet , hold on tight , I never knew I'd know much more than this . Open sky , the wave of pain , the scent of you is bliss . Hungry eyes , they stare at me ... I know , I know -- don't go ... 
fuck . shots at 8 in the morning ? fu tj 
clean socks :D 
fuck . why does the caf have such retarded fucking hours 
makes me wonder why im still here 
Standing up high on a mountain top , looking at the valley below . < PROPFIRST > Poppins flies by on a rattlesnake and I bury my head in the Egyptian snow 
theres really no fucking excuse as to why its 3:18 and the mail still isnt here . Its fucking ridiculous . mail should be where it needs to be by 1 . everyday no matter where youre at . 
interesting weekend ... not looking forward to how its going to affect the rest of the week though ... 
need ..... lighter 
funny how having a certain song stuck in your head can make your day better 
Today , I saw a commercial for the Snuggie . I thought it was stupid idea , but I couldn’t change the channel because I was under a blanket and I didn’t want my arms to get cold 
was going to take a shower until she saw roaches in the showerstalls ... fucking disgusting 
is . are you ? 
has just made the internet eight words longer 
oh no , said the elephant , it seems im stuck in the fridge and i cannot make it to the lion < PROPMALE>'s party 
still drunk ... last night was awesome 
There's really no need to listen to the warnings of somebody who is neither a surgeon nor a general . 
I wish < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > wouldn't keep loose change in my weed . 
Attention tramps ! You are prizes . Nothing but hairy prizes . You think you're important , but you're not . 
cant stand what my everyday has become 
I don't know if God exists , but it would be better for is reputation if he didn't 
im actually glad i went to my floor meeting . go figure 
cleaning my room .... i know right 
cant ... sleep .... :[ 
:D 
my mom sent me the yellow twister drink :D everyone knows yellow is the best one 
let it burn 
not another flaming giant squirrel .... 
:[ 
does that < PROPFEMALE > with all the girls ? sunshine ! 
dear encore gourmet food corp , your generic ramen noodles taste like ass . 
What awaits each person in Heaven is eternal bliss , divine rest , and ten thousand dollars cash 
had a meeting with the area director . too bad he didnt show up for it 
And the answer's always waiting at the liquor store 
is somewhat of a tetris prodigy 
jeez ... who scraped the icing off your cupcake ? 
sunday morning hold church down at the bar 
What it means to me to be with you alone , close the door and no one has to know 
Going out to eat with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . Then coming back and getting SMASHED with everyone else . :D 
BEEERRRRR 
wow a whole week of nothing . 
so .... < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland was totally not what i expected ... not really that good of a movie ... and the actress they chose for the white witch ? aweful casting . really . 
fucking pissed . 
stuck at home with no way to get back to campus . great . 
getting a ride to campus with people i dont even know ... great . 
oh shitttt strangers with < PROPFEMALE > is on 
bleh ... hearing in an hour . 
Hold on to the memory , it's all you got 
oh bored ... 
needs some different friends ... 
new piercing :D 
Did it all get real ? I guess it's real enough . 
hasnt had a cigarette today :[ 
court in the morning ... 
oh college , what have you done to me .... 
i wish that just for one day , everyone would say exactly what they wanted to say . 
Sing me to sleep , I don't want to wake up on my own anymore 
but dreams have a knack of just not coming true , and time is against me now 
Drinking a beer , getting a tattoo . Life is good : \\n 
and im tired of losing 
I’m a driver , I’m a winner ; things are gonna change I can feel it 
why cant i sleep ? 
slept a little bit ... better than nothing 
Dear Chasey Lain ; 
loves the smell of poo .. 
hates its when people change my status to something stupid lol 
Its only a bad influence if you dont have fun : 
out of credits , needs food :[ 
well , waking up sure was pointless ... 
3 daysss 
And a new day will < PROPFEMALE > for those who stand long , and the forests will < PROPFEMALE > with laughter . 
fruit loops , then sleep 
:] 
oh < PROPFIRST > johns , its been too long 
who would have though that it was premium night at the towers on 420 ? 
breathe 
so ..... tired ..... 
lol seems people are getting their profiles hacked . sucks for them 
has credits now , oh boy :] 
fuck 
And you know it might not be that bad , you were the best I ever had 
I don't care if it hurts , I wanna have control . I want a perfect body , I want a perfect soul . I want you to notice , when I'm not around . You're so fuckin ' special , I wish I was special . 
packing everything to go back to vevay tomorrow .... not looking forward to cleaning my fridge 
wtf ? you dont put half eaten popsicles in the fucking freezer . 
miss you :[ wish you felt the same 
has nothing better to do than get high and watch eureeka 
Take your time , you know i like it when you smile 
has a midget hitting on her on myspace . suddenly remember why i dont use it anymore . 
FUCK . get out of my head . 
the spider in top corner of her shower that she decided not to kill has more than trippled in size . great . 
levanta levanta tienes que gritar , \ 
levanta levanta tienes que bailar 
Wafflehouse ? Really ? 
< PROPMALE > - i played dont stop believeing like four times on the jukebox , i mean were not gonna be here . Jerie- Thats awful , you better tip . 
is still .... drunk 
hitman is on . hell yeah 
got fourth place out of fortyfive people in laser tag yesterday :D 
seriously ? cigarette prices went up AGAIN ? bullshit . 
oh jeez ... 
If love is a labor I'll slave till the end , I won't cross these streets until you hold my hand 
wow , the US is getting buttfucked by the weather right now 
has anyone seen googles homepage ? you can play pacman on it :D 
well ... was almost a perfect night :/ 
I want something good to die for , to make it beautiful to live 
is going to have the most fantastic weekend with mister < PROPFIRST > miller ! 
war does not determine who is right , war determines who is left . 
frustration 
It's one thing to make a book into a movie and leave parts out , its another to twistthe plot and make up scenes that never happened .... bullshit 
It's an institution that is in decay\ 
and if I have love I wish to portray , \ 
I will surely find another way 
<3 ' s < PROPFIRST > Chin-Quee toooooo :D 
call me up before you're dead , we can make some plans instead 
I wish i didn't have that beer the other night so i could have it now 
How many < PROPFEMALE > Kalberer ' s does it take to find the only fucking button on an iTouch ? 
Are you a cop , sheriff ? 
birthday in two weeks :] 
fucking id disappeared . broke and cant cash my check . fucking sucks . 
ugh . it feels more like 8am than it does noon .. 
and the days press on like crushing weights 
thinks that Sublime's remake of < PROPFEMALE > Begonias is better than the Grateful Dead's original . 
only day off for two weeks and nothing to do ... 
and it doesn't matter much to me , as long as it's dead 
cant wait to go to the swiss wine festival this weekend :D 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > traffic for making me late for work yet again 
when you live in an apartment complex that only has two sets of washers/dryer dont be a fucking cunt and put all your laundry in both of them so other people cant clean their shit 
And at the border of utopia I'd toast to anarchyy ; 
doesnt see why everyone is bitching about the new < PROPFEMALE > layouts 
Loves waking up to her neighbors blaring ' twelve days of xmas ' 
yay . lost my keys ! even better ? someone found them and took my car ! 
