Not deleting facebook just myspace 

Is there anyone I know not getting pregnant or married jeeze talk about the year for marriages and babies 
Just blowing through my course work I'm lovin it , better job here I come ! 
totally hate being sick especially when there isnt a cure all for it ! 
Somebody keyed my fucking truck ! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR what the hell I haven't done nothing to nobody why they gotta fuck with my baby !?! 
Smashed cell phone yesterday , lost all my #'s so please text me or call me with yours ! Talk about a bad run on luck ! Hopefully my luck will change this week 
Can't wait for my days off god they're so far away stupid overtime and night shifts almost over tho :) 
Good morning its another beautiful day in frozen hell todays temperature will be freezin balls 
Where the hell is winter ? I would really like to know this is not winter !!!! 
I feel old ! 
Happy Turkey Day ! 
Not that I don't want the snow ... but really just light layer of snow covering the ICE is not what we need :( 
Another wonderful day 
SNOW HARDER ! I WANT MORE SNOW LOTS OF IT BIG SNOWFLAKES COME ON !!! 
Someone do a snow dance ? Talk about snow ! 
Work , School , Clean , Cook , Sleep , Work , School , Cook , Clean ... Life is a never ending job ! 
so ready to go home not diggin today 
ATTENTION !!! The group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of pedifiles they are doing it because kids will accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture it has nothing to do with supporting the fight against child violence . It was on tv and ... its on tonights news put this on your status to warn everyone and to get them to change it back !! 
For every life that leaves this world a new one is born :) 
Fucking wind ! 
im so tired i could fall asleep right now uggggggh dont want to be at work booooooo ! 
I don't use facebook apps anymore I'm only on here long enough to check whats new 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
my immune system sucks ! 
You and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours 
Oh how I long 4da friendships 4m < PROPFEMALE > I was young It's an awkward feelin watchin ur friends get married & have children While ur left wonderin will dat < PROPFEMALE > b me U wnt 2call em < PROPFEMALE > out wit em But nothins like it use 2b Ur lives R 2separate worlds & In dis twn its so hard 2find a friend 2Shoot da breeze wit w/out worryin Is there ne trust left n friendships nemore N need of sum girl time minus drama Is dat evn possible ? 
I came to win , to fight , to conquer , to thrive\ 
I came to win , to survive , to prosper , to rise 
Another boring morning at work 
my head hurts my teeth hurt n i feel like i havent slept in weeks today is gonna be the longest day ever ! 
It's funny how 1 bad thing can happen and it turns into a snowball effect 
This is not winter this is frigging ice age 
IF YOUR DAD IS OR WAS YOUR HERO , YOUR BEST FRIEND , OR JUST THE BEST DAD EVER , WHETHER YOU ARE BLESSED TO HAVE YOUR DAD STILL WITH YOU , OR IF HE IS AN ANGEL IN HEAVEN , COPY AND PASTE THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND LET EVERYONE KNOW YOU ARE PROUD OF YOUR DAD AND THAT YOU LOVE HIM DEARLY 
It's my first weekend off in grip , whats the plan ? Going out to pipe friday night hope to see yall there im definitly over do on some chick time ! 
Best ladies night in a long time ! 
My hunny got me flowers for no real reason :) I love my hunny , its so nice to have someone in my life that loves and appreciates me :) IM SOOO HAPPY ! 
uggggh I HATE GOVERNMENT ! Self indulgent f***s that care only about their own pockets and nothing about the rest of us that are struggling to survive ! 
another wonderful snow fall ruined by ran what the heck is up with this winter lynD no like ! 
omg todays the first day and last day this week i can actually relax at work , my mile long to do list is done except for 2 things :) yay me ! 
TGIF ! 
Ugggh goin through a faze again , I miss my anchortown fam , my true best friend and all the fun we use to have , I hate being an adult to think when we were young we wanted to be older and now that we are older we want to be young again , boy how i wish my parents weren't right 
Dear lord please watch over my aunt < PROPFEMALE > give her the strength to pull through 
Work work work 
Happy valentines day 
Another freaking cold day I'm goin tannin after work I need warm sun even If its fake 
I can't fight the urge I gotta do it ........ 
I want summer I hate winter this year ! 
Thank you every1 for the happy bdays 
Wind wind go away DONt come back Any day ! 
I Hate northern sales they r the worst distributor ever ! They r the part of my job o hate the most ! 
MOOSE ! 
I'm so beyond mad I went in Friday 2 get my license renewed cuz it expired on sat lady told me I couldn't get it renewed yet cuz it wasn't expired I go into 2 day 2 get it renewed the dumb b **** didn't bother 2 tell me there were closed all this week grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
My poor truck I think she hates this weather more than me 
Finally got my license renewed 
Somedays just aren't happy days :( 
People r so ridiculous oh no tsunami warning key word there ppl WARNING . Reminds me of a bunch of chicken lils the sky is falling the sky is falling 
Great just when I was almost finished with my final and was finally gonna stop procrastinating and finish I loose one of my booklets :( 
So tired its ridiculous Glad I got my coffee to help me through today 
I just so love how I'm constantly treated as if I'm the bad guy n nothing I do is appreciated n I get all the anger directed towards me I'm so tired of this it's not fair ! 
I bust my ass for 8hrs then come hm to bust my ass some more spend 90% of my paychecks on bills n still I'm under valued n unappreciated what gives maybe I should sell myself into slavery it's like I already have neways GRRRR 
Fuck it 
I feel so hopeless helpless so weak so worn down I just want to be happy again 
Thank god bad days dnt last forever 
Happy 4th birthday my precious < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Tired tired tired ! 
Can u report merchandisers to BBB for charging u for things they didnt send u for constantly sending u things u didnt order n not sending u half the shit u did order ? 
Oh lordy imma be busy at work 4 awhile 
I need employees that actually WORK ! 
FRIDAY ! 
