... the < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland Rabbit has nothing on us .... Welcome to 2010 . 

Is going to enjoy her day off and do some baking 
work today through monday -- blah ! 
hates this schedule/ work change already and it's only day 1 
so tired ... 8th day in a row ... tgif 
Loves her new little kitten but I'm so worried about him . Until he is litter trained he has to sleep in the bathroom -- and I don't want for him to be alone , he's never been alone before . Not going to sleep much tonight ! 
is going to bed early tonight as soon as the baby ( kitten ) gets his meds 
today understands the importance of the path i took though sometimes i wonder if i made the right choices along the way 
is enjoying her day off ... just took a bunch of new pics of the kitten .. i will pick out the cutest ones and upload them on here :-) 
This is it ... today I take my boards at 2pm -- my stomach is in knots already ... 
Well 75 questions later .. i'm done ... now for the horrible waiting .. which is almost more nerve-wracking than the test itself ! 
, RN !!!! 
what yucky weather ... i really don't want to go to work tonight .. 
i don't wanna go back to work tomorrow .. 
doesn't want to go to work ... this isn't why I got into nursing ... :-( 
Thank you everyone for your birthday wishes ! I had a great day -- RJ took me to the aquarium .. I will post pics and vids later ! 
So i found an awesome apartment ... looks beautiful ... 700/ month -- first thing wrong - probably a typo for $1700 per month .. second thing - its in a retirement community lol -- somehow i don't think i fit the < PROPMALE > ! 
needs help finding childcare for a nurse friend . She works evening shift and it seems finding care for her 3yo daughter is impossible ! Anyone have any suggestions or know anyone ??? 
last day of work and then a night off ... need it after yesterday ... didn't get home until way late ... lets see what tonight holds ! 
Wants to urge everyone going back to school .. or to school for the first time to check out BookRenter.com -- awesome site where you rent your textbooks for a FRACTION of what you would spend to buy them from a bookstore . I LOVED using this when I was in nursing school -- saved $200 just in one semester !!!! Seriously consider it - how many of those books will you ever pick up again ? Go to their site ! 
TGIF and payday ... in desperate need of both ! lol 
\Common sense is not so common \"" 
thinks its the weirdest thing to be getting her shower in the morning instead of the afternoon ! Stupid work schedule 
feels like superwoman when she gets all these little things done -- but i still dont ' wanna go to work !! lol 
Doesn't want to go to work today . I just want to curl up with a good book and forget the world exists 
-- it's 1:30 am ... and i JUST got home from work .. sigh ... 
Wishes everyone a good first day at classes ! 
had a good two days off .. now back for two more days of fun before the weekend off 
got the job ! So now I will be floating between two separate jobs and school lol but that's okay . It will all be worth it ! 
--- full < PROPFEMALE > and old people ... NOT a good mixture lol 
wishes this weekend would have lasted forever .. 
Doesn't want to go to work today . I want to clean and then curl up with a good book or a good movie .. sigh 
Early morning trail ride this morning -- Can't wait ! :-) 
Thinks this BSN program MIGHT just kill her yet .. oi vey ! 
Lie To Me -- What an awesome show !!! 
is struggling through these papers ... sigh . One should never have to write three papers for one class in one week on top of work .. bah ! 
.. 4 hours of class .. here i come ..? 
is dead ... 9 days straight of work .. i will be up late doing school work ... and then i still have three more days of work and school to do tomorrow night ... sigh .. I need a vacation ... 
is absolutely frozen to the bone but I had a great morning with steph and the horses ! Now off for a hot shower ! haha 
is a paper writing machine ! 
DAY OFF !!! so gonna enjoy this ! 
can't wait for this weekend to be over ... last \have to\ " weekend at HH . " 
has a paper to write but no way to write it yet :-( 
Is so happy to have a day off ! 
what an awesome day so far -- baked a double dark chocolate cake in a budt pan looks gorgeous even without the fudge drizzled over it ! And I made my kinda-sorta famous coffee cake for the gals at work -- now if only I could find the motivation to clean up my room after I destroyed it trying to oranize it ! lol 
is going to clean tonight 
feels like hell but I can't miss class ... ugh ... 
Fourth Kind = Amazing 
really didn't like hearing my alarm go off on this Saturday morning -- at least I'm only scheduled for 4.5 hours ! Then off to the family holiday dinner 
30 mph wind gusts + thick wet snow = unpleasant outside ! haha .. at least I'm inside now and ready to bake and sew ! Dad and brother are heading out with the plow in my dad's newer truck - we'll see how the beast of a truck does :-) 
got an official 8\ of snow ( in the non-drifted spots ) -- SOOOOO happy that my dad has a plow because in honesty I would SHOOT myself if I had to shovel all 400ft of it ... lol " 
just ( .. again *) realized how frustrated I am to have an entire apartment's worth of stuff ( literally ! ) and no apartment to put it in ... BAH ! 
Is gonna go celebrate tonight ! Can't wait - this is the start of an AWESOME few days !!! 
Is off to the mountains for a weekend get-away -- FINALLY !!! So can't wait for this !!! :-) 
Happy New Year to all ! 2011 Will be the best year yet -- I have the best relationships with people that I have ever had .. I'm feeling healthier than I have in years .. I'm getting married to the love of my life in October .. I finish my bachelors degree this year (* BEFORE the wedding ) ... I don't think I could ask for anything more . 2011 -- Ready or not , Here I come !!! 
is currently ODing on sour skittles while procrastinating from doing school work thats due at 6 tonight lol ... they shouldn't have given me a month off ! 
is off to class ! 
remembers days gone by and wonders how those days flew by so fast 
did i miss something ?? why does everyone have a color posted as their status !?!? 
Black with purple , pink , and white patterned dots 
Bed .. work in the morning until who knows when and then off to an evening with my Steph ! 
had a great night with Steph ! 
had a great time in Philly but now is exhausted ! 
is currently writing a research paper with the cards stacked against her .. bah ! 
wishes this cold would just go away already - i don't even have a voice anymore ! 
Catching up on NCIS and NCIS LA ... so happy ! 
Work tomorrown then three day weekend ahead 
thinks its time to clean some trash and clutter out of my life entirely and start fresh :-) 
thinks that if you want to know if your feelings on anything are legitimate or if you've lost it -- ask your animals . Always honest and they never criticize . 
Legion = awesome :-) 
feels good - its nice to wake up and get that workout in !! 
New class starts on Wednesday -- Holistic Nursing , I was so excited ... then I opened up the book - Chapter 1 is 46 pages all by itself ... sigh .. here we go .. 
cardio yoga ... wow ! 
Got in an awesome workout this morning and yesterday my workout was shoveling ! haha 
I love my late work days . I can get SUCH a good workout in before work ! :-) 
is not digging this new homepage .... 
well .. at least we can all look forward to a day off tomorrow hahaha :-) 
well ... half an hour of shoveling in and half an hour of screwing around lol .. measured in at 8.5 \ at 9:30 . Already what i shoveld is an half an inch coated over - the heaviest is still to come !! yikes ! " 
Just made coconut macaroons and am in the process of making a deep double dark chocolate cake -- YUMM !! 
just baked 7 dozen chocolate chip cookies .. now off to do more shoveling lol ... damn i can't wait till this stuff is outta here 
boss just called .. i will def be going in tomorrow .. blah ! 
waiting until i get a call saying when i have to be in work ... working until late tonight .. that i know .. yay ... 
So I'm working from 1-ish to 5-ish - only one doctor on and we are triaging most of the patients out until tomorrow when the roads ( and the corporate center ) are in way better condition 
So tired ... goin in at 8 tomorrow 
RJ and I have been together since June 2005 :-) 
\All that I'm after is a life full of laughter As long as I'm laughin ' with you I'm thinkin ' that all that still matters is love ever after After the life we've been through ' Cause I know there's no life after you \"" 
i hate dragging myself out of bed early but i love being able to get my workouts in in the morning - :-) 
well it was turning out to be a good evening .. was on a roll making the curtains for my parents bedrooms ... then my brand new sewing machine decided to break and has to be professionally fixed ..... .... going to take out my frustrations as i bake something ... sigh 
So my frustrations worked themselves out in the form of chocolate chip cookies , coconut macaroons and oatmeal raisin cookies . Thoroughly exhausted now ! lol 
my mind is bent ... Shutter Island .. go see it 
getting ready for my presentation on reiki therapy tonight in class ... stupid class til 10 ... then who knows what tomorrow holds with all this snow - however I have a sneaking suspicion that I will end up having to go in . Oh well .. money is money . 
class over with ... now we will see what tomorrow holds . 
No work today -- a genuine surprise ! :-) so now i guess we see what TOMORROW holds lol 
No work again today lol -- was supposed to be there at 8:30 -- got a call not to come in til 10 . Then another call not to come in til 12 .. then finally another call sayin that the roads are drifting shut and not to come in at all lol .. what an interesting morning 
Vanilla Fudge < PROPFEMALE > Cake - in the oven -- YUMM ! 
Has currently decided that her exercise ball makes a better chair for a few reasons : 1 ) its good for your back - makes you sit up straight , 2 ) good for your abs - makes you use your core to stay balanced , and last but certianly not least 3 ) I CAN BOUNCE !!!! lol 
I'm definitely OCD -- as i sit here color coding my workout log and separating things into tabbed dividers !! lol 
Life is good :-D 
First attempt at making bread - banana bread ! Had some bananas that were going mushy and i didn't want to waste them so i decided to try the bread ! We will see !! 
what an awesome day :-) 
Work and then off to be early -- leaving for Florida in the morning :-) So excited ! 
Sad to be back in chilly weather ... it was so beautiful in Florida . I will post some pictures after work today . Currently I'm sifting through 5 days worth of emails lol .. YUCK ! 
Sorry guys - i am really curious to see what the psychic things say , I think they are fun . But the only way to see them all is to have them posted to my wall . If they annoy you , please block them from your news feed !!! 
Got a new vacuum today - awesome little thing- Electrolux Intensity . Its a small vacuum that collapses but sucks the deepest hairs and carpet fibers out of your carpet - gets everything your other vacuums missed . Absolutely in LOVE with this thing ! lol 
Hey -- question for everyone . Does anyone have/ know anyone who has any dumbbells that they aren't using or even maybe looking to sell ? RJ and I are looking for some to help amp up our fitness goals ( especially him because he's doing P90x ) . THANKS !!! 
Reposting this because I put it up so late last night ! -------> Hey -- question for everyone . Does anyone have/ know anyone who has any dumbbells that they aren't using or even maybe looking to sell ? RJ and I are looking for some to help amp up our fitness goals ( especially him because he's doing P90x ) . THANKS !!! 
Bah ... disappointments are so ... Disappointing ! 
is having SUCH a good weekend :-) I'm VERY grateful for it !! 
Good news to share :: RJ and I are getting an apartment - it's official as of today . Its in Downingtown Commons and is GORGEOUS !! Can't wait !!! 
Going to pick up my cat that's probably very pissed off me --> i sent him for snip snip today lol 
Cat is home and is settling in . He's not so fond of us right now lol . I'm currently trying to get homework done but after such a long day I find my mind just wandering .. bah ! 
I LOVE getting up and watching the sun come up ! Off to do a multitude of things today ! 
is cleaning .. organizing .. and packing -- can't WAIT to move ! haha 
Its like pulling teeth to get me to do research for school .. but you put something in front of me that deals with me directly or even remotely peaks my interest and I can spend hours researching it . My current research : Are multivitamins worth it ? 
So what happened to 80 and warm ? Its chilly out there ! 
Just got back from seeing the CUTEST baby !! Congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Umbilical hernia repair today -- gonna be really weird to see my belly button after this haha 
Surgery went well .. at home recooperating now 
okay .. so now that the anesthesia has worn off ... i can barely move or breathe without pain . Someone remind me why this was a good idea lol 
Everyone has an old wives tale for how to stop hiccups . So here's my secret : Have any kind of abominal surgery and you'll figure out how to will them away in a hurry lol . 
well that was an exciting morning ... now time to sleep .. 
Here's the thought for the day : \Women are Angels and when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly ...... on a broomstick .... We're flexible like that\ " :-) " 
feeling better and feeling productive -- getting a lot done :-) Work from 1-5 today too 
What a LOOONNNNGGG day ... didn't think I was gonna be able to work a full day but I did anyway . Special thank you to < PROPFEMALE > for redoing my steri-strips and making me look Purty ! lol .. and anothe special thank you to < PROPFEMALE > for her awesome bank knowledge and getting RJ and I set up ! :-) 
Well , one week out from surgery and I'm feeling pretty good ! Thanks to everyone for their concerns and well wishes - It was greatly appreciated :-) 
arg ... I can't focus on my work to get these papers done . This is a serious problem ... one that requires ICE CREAM ! Pretty good solution I'd say :-) lol 
stupid school work .. ugh .. trying to catch up on things following the surgery and i don't seem to be gaining much ground which is terrible because more and more work keeps coming down the pike ! oi vey ! It doesn't help that i'm completely mentally obsessed with moving - i'm stressing over it and 10 days can't come fast enough ! A month from now I'm gonna need a vacation haha ! 
One of the best moments for myself during the week is when I get home from class on Wednesday nights . Even if I have work to do , I'm definitely not getting into it at 10 at night after all day of work and class . Its time just for me to be able to kick back and read -- I love it ! :-) 
In 1 week I will be moving into my new place ... Can't WAIT !!! 
so much to do in so little time ! 
I'm looking for my sanity .. its very small and doesn't often work , but sometimes it is useful . If you happen to stumble across it , let me know ! lol 
Gonna try and knock out this 6 < PROPFEMALE > paper ... hopefully I can get most of it done before work and then wrap it up after work . 
Finally done my paper !! woohoo ... now onto the next one .. ugh ! 
For anyone out there thinking about going to or sending your child to Immaculata University - Don't .. run very VERY far away or buy the biggest bottle of Advil that you can find ... oi vey . 
Today , got up early to wrap up some packing . Off to work from 8:30 -3 - Then coming home to finish packing and load the suburban . Going to the apartment after that to lay down the carpet . Tomorrow is move day !!! So excited !!! 
Well we are 95% unpacked and about 50% organized haha . We're getting there though . Can't wait to get it straightened up and have it feeling more like a home :-) 
TGIF ... i'm so very in need of a break ! 
Being a NURSE means you < PROPFEMALE > immense responsibility\ 
& very little authority . You step into people's lives & make\ 
a difference . Some bless you , others curse you . You see people at \ 
their worst & best . You see life begin & end . You see people's\ 
capacity for love , courage , & endurance . ? IT'S NURSES APPRECIATION\ 
WEEK . REPOST IF YOU ARE A NURSE , LOVE A NURSE , AND/OR APPRECIATE A \ 
NURSE5 
Happy Mother's Day to all the incredible mom's out there !! We got the best in moms , now you guys deserve the best day -- Enjoy !! 
loves coming home and cooking a delicious , healthy dinner with RJ -- I will admit that he does the majority of the cooking ( because I'm flat out bad at it lol ) but I keep our bellies happy with delicious baked good ( of varying degrees of healthiness haha ) 
TGIF -- Life is busy , but good :-) Grateful for all that I have right now ! 
Loves having Kerr Park as her back yard -- off to < PROPFEMALE > with RJ and < PROPMALE > :-) 
lol .. so according to chinese beliefs , I am considered to be very lucky and fortunate person --- the number 8 is very lucky to them and my textbook directly states : \Thus a person born on 8/8/88 would be considered to be extremely fortunate or lucky . \ " Can't say as i disagree with it . Like I said the other night - I'm very grateful for everything I have :-) " 
Finally got to bake in the new apartment - something simple yet delicious -- Coconut Macaroons ! Yumm !! 
Ace'd my hour long presentation on the Chinese last night with my partner -- Now that that's over and I have a week off from school idk what to get myself into ! haha .. maybe I will clean ! 
Is proud to say that the apartment is back in tip-top shape again ... well .. let me rephrase that - its cleaner than the day we moved in ! lol . Shouldn't have rushed the cleaning prior to moving all the stuff in . Oh well ! Its sparkly now ! 
Soooo tired the past few days - wish i didn't have to work tomorrow so that i could sleep in . No such luck . Looks like i will just be going to be way early . 
So i went to work today .. got out 2 hours late because of the amount of patients we saw today ... then go to Rainbow elementary to say hi to me mum at the carnival and got roped into doing food and then cleaning up -- remind me not go say hello to my mom again lol 
Coffee cake is in the oven .. YUMMMM !!! 
Gonna start P90X tomorrow :-) Lets see how well this goes 
Fed the < PROPFEMALE > and gave him some catnip -- he's a happy camper now lol . Lunch at noon with G-Dad :-) and then who knows - maybe swimming , maybe tanning .. maybe both ! lol 
omg .. soooo sunburned - but it was totally worth it :-) 
Just went to a very nice Memorial Day presentation in Downingtown . Beautiful ceremony . Thank you to all of our veterans and men and women currently in arms . 
just completed my first P90X excersice -- over an hour and man am I wiped out . Muscles are shaking like crazy lol .. but that just shows me that i pushed hard and didn't slack off . Plyometrics tomorrow after work . Don't think I will be able to move after that lol 
So here's what i learned at work today thanks to < PROPFEMALE > McCown Myers : Deer ticks don't have antennae .. they have ANTLERS . And Dog ticks shall now be referred to as dog FLEAS .. just because lol . And according to our boss Pedestrians are now hitting Pedestrians and causing injury instead of cars hitting pedestrians .. makes sense . Right ? lol 
You know life is good when you wake up with a smile on your face every day - even despite the fact that you would really prefer to not go to work today lol 
Completed my first week of P90X !!! So stoked ! 
5 years <3 :-) 
Awesome day at work and I got out early !! RJ and I are gonna do our P90X cardio workout get cleaned up and then dinner reservation at Bonefish Grill then off to the movies to see The Karate Kid . SOOOO excited !!! 
Would love nothing more than to spend some time with RJ -- but he's at work and I have to babysit for a few hours . Sigh .. Maybe when he gets home ? 
Father's Day was a success - cooked chicken cacciatore for the family , baked chocolate chip cookies for the guys , and gave my dad and my grandfather their presents - Great day ! Happy Father's Day ! 
Apartment is clean and I'm packed and ready to go to volunteer at the Autism Camp tomorrow - Can't wait !! 
Hi Ho Hi Ho ! Its off to camp I go !!! 
Let the fun begin ! -- off to work this morning until who knows what time . Gotta finish my potato salad for Aunt < PROPFIRST > and Uncle < PROPMALE>'s party - then going to that . Then gotta drive 2 hours out toward Gettysburg to a campground to meet up with my family and family friends . Coming back Sunday afternoon and then unpacking and repacking . Then leaving for < PROPFEMALE > . Oi vey ! 
From my observation , the person who created this lifestyle of too much to do and too little time to do it in must be the owner of the coffee , ibuprofen , and sleeping pill companies and is probably the richest person in the world lol . 
According to an ad on the side of facebook , RN now stands for RESCUE NINJA !! haha - I LOVE it !! 
Couldn't be happier right now :-D !! 
So my advice of the day - be careful about what barber you choose ! RJ went to one today to get half an inch taken off . He came home with a military crew cut ... WHAT !?! lol ... Old crazy barbers ... go figure ! 
Is annoucing our official wedding date as October 8th , 2011 - I finally settled on one !!! Now , so long as everything goes smoothly from here on out it will stay that way ! lol 
What a perfect end to a very LONG day . RJ and I just got back from picking out our rings - I can't WAIT to get them now ! :-D !! 
It feels soooo good to wake up on a Saturday morning when all is quiet and know you have nowhere you have to be and nothing you have to do :-) Eventually I will go grocery shopping and then later this afternoon we are gonna go visit G-Dad . 
Going shopping with my momma - its gonna be a great day :-) \ 
\ 
\I'm sure happy with what I've got\ 
Thank you Everyone for the birthday wishes !! I'm having a great day - breakfast at Nudy's cafe , then ice cream from Margos- YUMM ! 
Thank you again for all of the birthday wishes !! I had a great day and overall had a great weekend :-) 
What a beautiful day :-) Work this morning then going to see Springton Manor later this afternoon - can't wait ! 
A very good productive day ended with dinner and great conversation with the family :-) 
Very good day off -- woke up and just watched some re-runs of NCIS on my computer .. got the laundry done in the meantime . A trip to the library where I checked out a book and walked out with a bag full that I bought for a dollar each lol . Then out to lunch with < PROPFEMALE > - which was excellent . Back home and got my workout done :-) ( However I have class from 6-10 tonight so it all goes downhill from here lol ) 
Is going plant shopping for the apartment :-) I need some GREEN ! lol 
Question : Does anyone have an old verizon cell phone that RJ can use temporarily until he gets a new phone ?? If so let me know and we will pick it up . My cell number is 484-459-1766 
Hoping everyone has a great first day at school ! I have to laugh because I'm a bit jealous - I always LOVED the first day of school . Didn't think about that as I was dying to graduate lol . Times like these I think about that song by Trace Adkins - \You're gonna miss this . \ " Oh how right he is ! " 
Enjoyed my camping trip with the family a lot :-) Wished it didn't have to end , but I did miss RJ lol . 
Eating the oddest dinner of my life -- half of a PBJ sandwich with a small serving of homemade spicy and creamy yellow squash soup with cooked mushrooms stirred in lol . ( The PBJ was because I was tired of waiting for the soup to finish ! lol ) 
Doesn't know what day it is anymore .. oi vey 
The first day of Fall may have been hot , but it was a perfect day for homemade soup :-) 
So i officially LOVE my convection oven - cooked the banana bread in 40 minutes as compared to the regular oven at an hour and 15 mins ( 75 mins ) -- 35 mins less cook time and less energy used because of that and it being a way smaller appliance !! Gotta love technology ! 
Cleaning and then Downingtown Fall Fest today with < PROPFEMALE > :-) 
If there are any nurses you know looking for a FT job , CHOP Care Network North Hills ( mouth full aint it ? lol ) is hiring a FT RN . 
wait ... is that THE SUN I see poking out this morning ?!? Hallelujah !!! No more rain !!!! 
One Year to the day until the wedding :-) 
Its been one of those days ... blah ! 
So\ 
I know of the BEST massage therapist ever and she does TRAVELING \ 
massage . Meaning she comes to you ! How awesome is it to be able to get\ 
your massage and stay in the comfort of your own home !? She is currently here at my apartment and in my excitement I felt the need to tell you all about her lol . Please , If anyone wants more info let me know - when someone does a good job I absolutely want to support them ! 
It's Friday and it's going to be an awesome day -- I know it ! :-) 
Really would love to not have to write this paper and go to class tonight . Its only Wednesday afternoon and I'm already fried 0 , o 
I had a pretty darn good day -- I know tomorrow will be a good one too ! Now off to bed before I fall asleep on this couch !! 
I have decided that today is going to be a good day . Got up and did my workout .. going to do some barn stuff with Steph and then riding . Then later a group of us are going to see < PROPMALE > Potter :-) 
What a truly awesome day yesterday was ! Spent a good portion of the day with Steph doing all things horses lol .. and then came home for a visit from my parents and bro . Got the best gift ever - the board he made for me ( check out the photo album on it !! ) and then off to see < PROPMALE > Potter with Steph , < PROPFEMALE > , and my bro < PROPMALE > . Couldn't have asked for a better day :-) 
Happy Thanksgiving all !! Enjoy your day full of good food and family -- Remember to be grateful for all that you have :-) 
Got the potato salad done .. two pumpkin pies in the oven and now kicking back for a bit . Decided that the deals aren't great this year for Black Friday from just the little bit of looking I have done . Not impressed this year . 
has the greatest friends ever in < PROPFEMALE > Waltz and < PROPFEMALE > McCown Myers -- AND I get to spend the afternoon with them . Doesn't get much better than that !! 
Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The \ 
goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join \ 
the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status . \ 
Invite your friends to do the same !! 
I'm so not ready for it to be Monday again . I wanna pretend I'm a kid again and can hide under the covers without a care in the world . 
oh weekend , where < PROPMALE > thou ? 
went and saw the AWESOME light show at < PROPFIRST > Lawson Amen ' s house tonight -- great party ! And now I am off to go grocery shopping ... blech ! Thank god its the weekend though !! 
Awesome day with one of my favorite people in the whole world .. and then i got to have dinner with her and her man -- Thanks Steph for an awesome day and an awesome night :-) 
These are the days when you just wanna hide under the covers all day with a good book . Homework , errands , then off to work 
Paper writing time -- no more facebook for me . If you need me , text me . 
My Love made me gluten free pancakes this morning for breakfast :-) Soooo good !!! 
would really love to still be asleep right now .. ugh .. 
sigh ... what a long week . I really can't wait until its over 
4-5 hours of work .. then coming home to get some stuff done and off to the Amen family Christmas party .. then back to < PROPFEMALE>'s house to open presents and see Aunt < PROPFEMALE > .. then off to the DeLorenzo's! Just typing this makes me exhausted and I'm only visiting a handful of places ! I wonder how < PROPFEMALE > Clause does it ! ;-) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! Hope everyone has an amazing day fill with family , friends , laughter and love -- thats what this is all about :-) 
Had the best Christmas ever -- thank you to my family ( BOTH of them !! ) for making this day amazing . ( and tonight I am not only grateful for that , but for good people in the world . I lost my purse tonight and a woman was kind enough to call me and tell me she had it . Thank God for those kinds of people ! ) 
What a great night . A massage by the best massage therapist I know and I got to see Steph !! And she gave me the most awesome presents ever !!! :-) Life is good ! Smile !!!! :-) :-) :-) 
Life is full of surprises -- I was supposed to work from 9-3 today , but I just got a call that one of my co-workers got the schedule confused and was at work when she didn't have to be . She called me to tell me I could stay home today !!!! :-D !!! 
Reposting this from a friend in the hopes that someone will know who the dog belongs to --- \DOG FOUND . Heads up everyone ... friend at work found a white dog ( maybe a bichon ? ) in the d-town/thorndale/c-ville area . Collar but no tags . If you know who he might belong to shoot me a message ! \"" 
Wii Fit Plus is addictive ... haha 
Updated the laptop to Win7 -- so happy ! 
The best part about this Monday is that I don't have to go to work today !!!! Always an awesome feeling to have just that one extra day off every now and then :-) Off to the library shortly then Wii Fit and X Stretch and * gasp * maybe even get ahead on some of my homework ??? Hahaha We will see ! 
