tomorrow , last hunting day of the year . hopefully i get something 

sittin here in the ville . wanting to go back to salida . 
one more week of relaxation ! yea ! 
School is preety good !!! Excited for the year ( weird I know but still ) 
school ! yeah !! classes are gay , but people in them ( and some who arent ) are amazing !!! 
today was fun . got to see most of my friends from salida ! and u got to see them win first for boys and second for girls !!! YEAH !!! 
thanks everyone for wishing me happy b-day ! :) it was a great weekend . thanks you < PROPMALE > , kealy , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and everyone else i was with over the weekend ! 
got my ipod !! :D and i only lost about 500 or songs ... :-/ . still better than losing completely everything 
vail was amazing . :) got approval from the parentals , and she is amazing :) plus . got a new hat !! :D 
what an amazing weekend . 1 . science olympiad = amazing night at the hotel place , getting locked out and looking everywhere/ than the raveing/ and the messing around . 2 . actually competing at science olympiad , completely guessing on the tests and make up great answers with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 3 . superbowl party and < PROPFEMALE>'s= hilarious and being with brea :) cant get much better 
What to do today ? really bored :-/ 
I wonder why stupid , pointless things bug me the most ... :-/ 
Why can't it be friday ? :-/ i dont wanna go to school tomorrow and do the stupid night of the notables mumbo jumbo 
South Park+Salida = Complete happiness !!! :D 
The best thing to hold onto in life , is each other . :) 
Went around that track 18 times today ! 17 laps too far !!! 
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart . 
There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner : that , in the dinner , the sweets come last . 
If you live to learn , you will eventually learn to live . 
See !! i told you it changed , you just had to refesh your facebook :) 
No more school in three days . Vegas in five days . Reunited with my love fifteen days . License in 16 days . :) what a great next couple weeks 
Home from Vegas . What a phenomenal place . But still , there is no place like home . :) 
Wow . I would have never expected that from her . I'm sorry man , looks like her true colors are coming out ... After five months . 
\Every minute everyday it's automatically ok . When I make it all about you\ " -Stellar Kart " 
From breaking porches , to being chased by < PROPFEMALE > and everything in between that happened over fibark , made this years fibark the best one yet !!!! 
Rafting this morning with a awesome group of people , relieved with the best news I've got in a long time , and then kayaking with scout sorcic on Sunday for the first time !!! :D what a great couple days . :) 
What an amazing weekend . From four-wheeling , to trying to catch fish , and even sitting on the couch . I will never forget the events that took place . :) I Love You Brea . :) 
In a state with like a million things to do , how could i possibly be so bored ? 
Who knew , waiting patiently actually does work out in the end . :) 
Kayaking yesterday and being taught by scout to roll . And then climbing my first 14er today with scout and the rest of her crew !! What a fantastic weekend !!! :D 
If you have a brain in your head , and feet in your shoes , the direction you go is anything you choose . 
Wow . What a rough week . So many things happened ... Hard to even describe how to react or even think . Just ... Wow . 
Will you please wait ?? I'm pimping my cowbells !!! 
Today me and scout totally reached the end of the rainbow and guess what we found !! I'll give you hint ... There was no gold or freakin leprechauns !!!! We got cheated !! 
I want to Hippo ! 
Snow+epic pass = EPIC SEASON ahead !!! 
This week really needs to just end !! 
Two more deer tonight ? Really world ? Why do you hate us ?!?! I hate driving , I give up . 
Why is it so cold in this arctic tundra I call home ??? 
All of the good today outweighed the bad . :) thank goodness , and now topped off by snowboarding tomorrow for the first time all season ! So stoked ... And relieved . 
From night skiing last night , to a great dinner with the girl I love , to waking up to a delicious breakfast , then watching a new movie with my dad . To eating a great dinner on the town , and now enjoying a pie from one of my best friends , what an amazing birthday . Thank You everyone for the birthday wishes !!!! 
Pretty good night . Watch the bouldering comp with scout , then enjoying cake . What a wonderful day in the life of < PROPMALE > . 
10 inches last night , and all today it snowed and I'm stuck going to school ??? Wow . 
0987 we had some fun times back in the day . From leaving basketball games and cruising . To you being my breakfast burrito hook up . Hopefully you like it better wherever you're at ! 
7 I miss you so much ! The one time we < PROPMALE > out this summer was so much fun . Dodgeball with wood chips , and even calling you in the middle of the night last year to see if we can chill on my birthday . We need to < PROPFEMALE > out again !! 
3515 I miss talking to you . We're in the same anatomy class , but it's like we rarely talk . It was nice last year when we spent lunch together in the library , and just talked alot . Where did that ever go . But oh well . You are an awesome person , and an amazing skier . Also , you're quite funny . 
0001 you are truly a gnarly rider . I wish I could land the same things you do . Haha . If your ever in keystone , breck , or a basin . Hit me up !! 
19 don't even know where to start . How bout from the good ol days ? Haha . Well since ive come to bv , you have been the first person that become my friend . And since that day , we've just gotten closer . If you can't tell , look to the past , making legit bridges that don't work , staying up super late making a bridge that needed to be done a week earlier , and even getting permanent scars on our hands . Fun times . :) 
22 we have had some ... Interesting times . Like prom last year was pretty fun . I enjoyed playing extreme < PROPFEMALE > pong with < PROPFIRST > in that small room downstairs . Other than that , just school memories will always be there . :) 
007 you are awesome . What ever happened to all those Spanish messages ?? Well here's a secret , I cheated on those :p 
Fresh pow yesterday . And maybe night riding keystone tonight . God I love snowboarding . 
What a great way to spend the first hours of Break ... An amazing night with < PROPFEMALE > celebrating one year . :))) 
Chillen at the verizon tent at the Dew Tour winning free stuff ! 
Such a great day at Breck today !! Such amazing snow , and a great day of riding . :) can't wait for the next time up there . 
Yet another great day on the mountain . I can get used to boarding every day . 
Home from another full day of riding with the girl i love the most ! Time to rest all my aches and pains and get ready for more . :) 
Who says you cant swim in snow ?? Well I beg to differ !! 
A beautiful day to end break . Amazing powder at vail with brea and her family . :) but also broke my phone ... :-/ 
Are you pole worthy ?!? 
Just got home , -18 degrees without windchill !! What is this world coming to ? 
Just checked everything again , -18 temp but with the windchill , it is a solid -36 . Oh my goodness 
How can a day of competing and a full night of laughs cause so much exhaustion ?!? 
Two weeks until the deadline for Nationals . Two weeks that I need to to race and place in the top 12 in the state to be invited to Nationals ... Am I ready ? 
Sooo bummed I missed out on night skiing tonight ! But hopefully backcountry Loveland tomorrow should make everything better !!! :D 
State done and accomplished with a first place standing ! Time to take the national title !!!!! :D 
What to do this weekend ? Hmm . 
SPFT ... !! :D 
Amazing day at Monarch ! Fresh pow and riding with friends , can get much better than that . 
What a great day !! 
Anyone with their < PROPMALE > paper done , are you feelin up for writing mine ?? :D I have officially 2% done ! My title < PROPFEMALE > is looking fantastic ! 
Sheesh . This < PROPMALE > paper is goin by easy ! Why did I wait 6 weeks to do it ?? 
Just over 30 minutes ago , I finished my < PROPMALE > paper , and honestly , it's awesome . Way better than any paper I couldve written in 6 weeks !! 
There is just no point in coming home anymore . :-/ 
A full day has passed ... Will it ever get easier ? 
11 inches of fresh pow and I slept in ... I need to work on balancing my life better !! 
