We need to find people to run security short notice for bowiemas , anyone have ideas ? 

Metro trip planner just told me to ride the S.L.U.T , how very odd . 
who wants to go drink electric ice tea for nikola tesla's birthday ? 
Randomly back in town for the night , starting at < PROPFEMALE>'s at seven . 
has learned to never do pony and the crescent in the same night . 
To all my dear friends in the bay , i'll see you on friday . 
Castro Disastro !! In other news , I saw a shooting , in real life ! WOW MOMMY !! 
Castro Disastro was fun , but now it's time for the Seattle Battle , see you on the dance floor . 
is starting an acoustic Top 40 band . Get ready . 
Never , under any circumstance , mix cheap vodka and champagne into the same glass .... unless it's a flirtinni , in which case be very careful . God I drank like a seventeen year old last night . 
Going out to lunch if anyone would like to join . 
To all you forgetful alcoholic drug addicts , it's Gretchens birthday , and bitches better give her a call . 
Twilight study session , come if you like beer with your home work . 
Whos going to fair the trip to the udistrict with me for dans birthday ? Happy birthday dan't , you're old , and in the way . 
Tonight , show at scribble squat with witchs kromosomes and others . then caintlins birthday at the alibi room , then sioux city < PROPMALE > and the beggers , emeralds and more at the black lodge ( formerly known as holy mountain ..... ) 
The bodies exibit was no where near how amazing it was last time . This time around there about 30 less items , very sad . I guess it was still awesome if you've never been at all . 
Does anyone know how to get a hold of the Underground Event Centers booking people ? I've looked on the intronet but found nothing . 
Preparing for my national licsensing exan for massage therapy tomorrow , oh so much fun . 
Passed my exam , now just two classes and I'm done . THANK FUCKING GOD . 
Birthday today , out all night on the hill , starting early . 
Deadly birthday , this is the only birthday I've ever passed out drunk ..... guess you shouldn't go to a bar that you normally get to drunk at for your birthday , oh pony . Thanks to all my friends who came out , ever if you did buy me too many shots . 
Last day of school was today , now I'm really finished . I'll be out drinking in a few hours if anyone cares to join . 
Well , we figured out the capital of slovakia , but whats the capital of fastvakia ? 
I need help moving crap , anyone have a truck ? I'll buy you beer and gas ! 
Stuff moved into new place , now need to arrange . 
FUCK YOUR HOLIDAY !!!!!! 
Headed to belltown for show at dog park , then probably going to shortys or something . 
meeting < PROPFEMALE > at bauhaus for coffee in a bit if anyone would like to join . 
INSOMNIA ! 
Oh my god , our asshole neighbors are putting up christmas lights , I think I might puke . 
Hey everybody , I'll be out of contact for the next ten day , so if I don't respond to a text , it's not because I hate you . No drinking , No smoking , No talking ..... here I come . Wish me luck . 
One day till Bowiemas !! For those of you wondering , there are still tickets but they're starting to sell alot faster now . I will be out on capitol hill selling tickets tonight so come find me if you want to be sure you can get in . The excitement is killing me . 
Bowiemas photos ? anyone ? 
Accordion sold ! 
Unicorn tonight ! 
Pre funk at my apartment , then tummy ache at Can Can with performances by , < PROPFEMALE > Fondue , < PROPFIRST > Hell , ArtStar , and a < PROPFIRST > Waters inspired DJ set by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Today I woke up with the memory of shop lifting for the first time since I was 14 , and one of those cheesy zodiac lighters for a sign I definately am not . 
Due to my fiances intense delirium tremens , the wedding has been postponed . See you all at snackhole ! 
Prefunking at pony before Come Back , see you tonight . 
My neighbor keeps on shouting like a jackass , is there some kind of football thing going on ? 
Last night my phone was kind enough to delete all 300 contacts I had . fuck my life . 
god invented sunlight to punish people for drinking 
I had a dream that I had a new born little brother named Pippo , he was fucking rad . 
Why am I set with circadian rhythms that don't allow me to live a perfectly normal socially acceptable life style ? oh yeah because thats fucking BORING . Just because I don't like to work INCREDIBLY early , doesnt mean I don't work , it just means I don't work at the same time as you . Burn in hell you squares . 
To anyone thinking of going into massage therapy , be sure to test to see if you can handle hours of BAT SHIT CRAZY new age music . just a thought . 
We're doing a full drag outing to woodland park zoo once the weather is nice again , transportation will be provided . Sign up below . 
Easter egg hunt with airplane bottles inside = amazing 
Moving out of my place by the end of the month , not sure where I'm going ..... Any rooms on the hill ? 
Still looking for a new room mate , either willing to find a new place , or move in somewhere . Our lease is up and my room mate wants to move to far off the hill for me . 
Hey everybody , I need to practice CranioSacral again before I start working on the public , just a few refresher sessions . So , if you'd like to have your cranial bones adjusted . Just let me know ! If you have no idea what I'm talking about read here : http://upledger.com/content.asp?id=26 
So , the new Cocorosie is pretty much an audiogasm . 
Um .... the lobby makes me homophobic , never coming back here ! 
Trannys make the world go round . 
Going thai food , call if want join . 
Finding 20 dollar$ + new awesome < PROPFEMALE > size bed + Epic brunch = amazing day , and its only 1 O'clock 
Does anyone have any idea how hard it is to find a toy < PROPFIRST > run in this town ? I'm not going to northgate for a fucking < PROPFIRST > gun . 
I'm in the lobby of the W and they're playing the GAYEST music ever . This is just uncalled for . 
I dropped my phone in a bowl of pho yesterday . 
who do i know , that needs a place to live ? 
If anyone sees my blue dickies sweat shirt with a blackbird raum back patch , and a brown heart patch , could you please grab it off the person wearing it for me . 
We've got a tattoo machine and a half gallon at my apartment , come over for free tattoos !!! 
true blood party tonight , give me a ring . 
I just gave a massage to the president of Mikes Hard Lemonade . How random . 
So my room mate is moving out and im contemplating what to do with the room ..... ball pit ? 
I had , SO MUCH FUN , last night . and I missed the parade , and I really don't care . 
Crazy meth addict neighbor downstiars says I'm too loud , which I probably am , but he's a meth addict so he doesnt have any rights . I'll have to figure out to get him evicted now . Ugh . 
As of today , I live alone .... and it's already fucking amazing . 
1RottenWoodWay Reunion tonight ! Bring wine , food , and instruments . See you in the thickets ! 
At home depot buying a fucking air conditioner . 
There's a bunch of kids rolling on X behind me on the bus .... I don't think this day could get any better . 
Playing music alone is starting to get really boring ..... anyone out there want to play some romani balkan crazy party time ? seeking .... another fiddle , rotary trupmet , ACCORDION ! guitar , SINGER ! anything , fucking anything . 
Cooking deliciouse curry wraps at my apartment if anyones hungry . 
Writing legal letters at three in the morning so your landlord doesn't come spray your apartment with disgusting pesticides is exhausting . Good night . and long live the hereby undersigned . 
Lounge night at thye mercury tonight ! smoking inside and classy attire ! Hope to see you in your best suit with a nat < PROPMALE > hanging out of your mouth . 
Hercules and love affair = amazing 
No sleep , body aches , need Epsom salt bath . 
In a wonderful mood , day off tomorrow . going out for a night cap . 
Just lost 12 gigs of music from my laptop getting a virus . Please bring your Ipods to me so I can copy away . 
Getting into drag and heading to the eagle for Fringe !! 
See you in a few hours Bay area ! 
I love , my bed ... and the rain . Home Home Home . 
I just had a stray cat come in through my window , then proceed to FREAK THE FUCK OUT , and knock over my lamp , hookah , candles , several house plants and music stand . I hate animals . 
Does anybody know how to get a hold of the guy who does the booking for The Underground Event Center ? He gave us an email address but we cant seem to read the handwriting and or the email just doesn't work . 
Sioux city < PROPMALE > and the beggars show tonight at fun house , as for now , amazing drinks made by jawn wakefield at shortys . 
Having late dinner at quinns , wondering what there is to do on a sleepy Tuesday in seattle . 
Goin to pony for dirty deeds . 
Well , someone stole my card < PROPFIRST > and charged $632.32 to my bank account .... Leaving me with no money and a bunch of running around to do . Oh well , I had a really awesome day yesterday so things could be worse . 
About to leave for SF . Mission burrito here i come !! 
Day of the dead was so amazing and intense . 
Its my birthday at midnight , yet again I havent planned anything . I will be getting people together tomorrow though . So be prepared ! 
Last minute but .... does anyone have large speakers for dancing at my birthday party tonight ? 
Thanks everyone who came last night , i had an amazing night . 
Exploding power lines and < PROPFEMALE > in the dark at the unicorn ! 
Off to get Thai Soup . Who wants to get a bottle of whiskey and stick it in the snow while making some sort of snow man monster ? 
\yeah rock n ' roll whooo ! \ " \ " no i said wrong hole !! \"" 
Ten foot tall time traveling trannys from out space , the north pole , quantum mechanics and fate as fact or fiction . Nicoderm patches can produce some fantastic dreams . 
Bowiemas tickets now on sale to friends , they'll go on public sale next week at moksha , until then just find me on the hill ! 
Going to south < PROPFEMALE > , apparently , it's snowing there . 
Back from the airport , hanging out at my house if anyone feels like a nightcap . 
So it looks like were going to sell out of bowiemas by most likely tomorrow , maybe early the next day so pllleease go get your tickets as soon as you can ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Bowiemas everybody !!! I'm so excited to see you all there tonight ! 
Hey everybody , I'm doing massage out of my house until Tuesday before my trip . I have a couple people but still have more time , let me know ! 
