happy new year ! 

is back to stay 
time to downsize 
the people i live with are little fuckers ... take it as u will . 
would rather be thrown under a bus ... 
Happy Easter everyone ! 
The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon , but that we wait so long to begin it . ~ W . M . < PROPFIRST > 
At the circus ... 
just got new glasses !! woot woot ! 
Is @ the vcu block partay all day . 
zoolander . love it . 
is tired of the same ol thing . 
is kinda bored . maybe i'll learn a few songs on the guitar ... any sugestions ? 
dont want to be here , at all . ( school ) 
just got the last copy of \water for elephants\ " at B & N ... not looking forward to this mandatory read . " 
has sooo much crap that needs to get done , but most of it wont . 
skiping kempf to < PROPFEMALE > with fretwell . sounds like a plan ! 
if you're talking to me and i dont respond . i'm not ignoring you but participating in the day of silence . 
don't use today as a way to mess with people being silent . dont sit around and try and make them talk . instead , respect them . take into consideration WHY they we are silent , and respect it whether you agree or not . just respect it ! 
... when i get that feeling , i want sexual healing ... is something thats good for me ... 
Hate it when my phone falls between the seat of the car and my hand wont fit to retrieve it ! 
won't be at prom , or post prom for that matter . Not complaining either . But hope that the ones that do indeed attend have a good time ! 
at a womans convention ... no bueno . 
Who is the idiot that spills hot coffee on their white shorts ? < PROPFIRST > Brown . 
just wants to curl up in her nice , warm , dry bed , and sleep . 
I have so many things to say , i jist can seem to the find order . 
As it tunrs out , i just dont give a fuck ! 
If you faild to attend the theatrical productions tonight , your loss . But you have two chances left to redeem yourself . Also , great Job to those that were in all three plays ! 
Kinda dont want to disect a brain today , nor do i want to go to kempfs class , nor did i do the take home quiz for JT english . oh well . 
Disect a sheep brain then lunch . i think i may skip lunch today ... 
and now what am i suppose to do with this new found time after school all next week ... 
To all that have done me wrong- I forgive you . To all that I have done wrong- Forgive me . 
any sen10r's going to the lake ( field trip ) , that want to give me a ride ? 
Still @ school . FML 
can't a girl get a decent example of a caring mother figure ? God freaking Damn . 
Just got home from SCHOOL ! FML 
looks like i'll be at school til 11 again tonight . No Bueno ! 
Who just got home from school ? < PROPFIRST > just got home from school . FML 
more so than not , i find myself wondering : \what was i thinking ! \ " Now is one of those times ... " 
should probably start to study for the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Anatomy exam i have to take tomorrow ... 
Yea , so my phone grew legs and ran away . FANTABULUS ! 
finally has a phone ! 
new phone . No < PROPFIRST > . Text me ur first name and last initial ... 
got a new phone . Message me your number . 
used to rule the world . 
the spicegirls blaring on the radio ... Tell me what you want , what you really really want ... 
no more theater class with mama fret ... :( 
i've had the time of my life and I owe it all to you ! ;) 
it means no worries for the rest of your days ... 
so happy school is offically OVER ! 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Schriner run into a wall ( intentionally ) chest first , then moo like a cow until her face turnded red ... it was a great last day ! 
sen10r field trip to busch gardens ... now that my friend , that was a good time . 
baccalaureate .... 
just counting down the days . 
because this hate , is f*cking real . 
just got a car !!!!! Woot woot ! 
just because you raise your voice doesn't mean people are actually listening to you , nor does it mean they care , or that you \won\ " the argument ... " 
is asking for something she will never have ... 
is fighting a war that she can't win . 
in suffolk for a week ... 
vanilla flavored tootsie rolls = orgasmic ... 
toy story 3 . What more is there to say !? 
homemade blueberry pie ( berries picked from the backyard too ) ... yumm ! 
\should a death come so that new found knowledge and understanding may be gained ? \"" 
umm .... the appartment is litterally flooding thanks to some idiot in the room above me . This is going to be a looonnnggg night . 
I just refuse to be judged as the people who've defined me before i had a say ... 
take me out tonight , because i want to see people and i want to see lights ... 
finally got most of my vcu forms and what not done , but have so many left ... 
off to get more college stuff . 
not a worry in the world , life is good today :) 
Just saw RENT at the Firehouse theatre in downtown richmond . Amazing ! 
orientation today and tomorrow ... woot . 
still awake , just another sleepless night . 
< PROPFIRST > Brown is Producing a radio show !? Whaattt ? 
the weepies :) 
shower then packing for nyc . 
watced the sun rise , on the way to new york 
finally made it to < PROPFEMALE > . Still got some ways til new york . 
hello new york ! 
stuck in a hotel room , in new york city , the day before my birthday . What more could a girl ask for ? :( 
chillin in new york with the fam . Today is a good day . 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
back in VA , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tonite :) 
sleeping on a sofa is really starting to catch up with me . 
Carpe diem . seize the day boys , make your life extraordinary ! 
i'm just running from today , but no matter how hard I try or how fast I run I can not escape the events of today , nor can I act as though they never happened . 
so bored . If you want to chill text . 
getting ready for move in in a hour . 
the deed is done . 
is about to snatch a bitch . 
Sept . \ 
5 - 11 is National Suicide Prevention Week . Suicide is the third most \ 
common cause of death for 18 - 24 year olds . On , WEDNESDAY , September \ 
8th ( tomorrow ) , write ( or paint , color , draw ) the word \LOVE\ " on your forearm ( doesn't matter which ) as a \ 
watching Toy Story with < PROPFEMALE > Zwirner , < PROPFEMALE > Escobar , < PROPFEMALE > Claiborne and < PROPFIRST > Austria- fun time . 
... my fingers hurt ... 
English class is canceled today ! only 2 classes today , done at 2 ! woot 
hates math , to a whole new extent .... 
i'm sorry but not everything has to do with you . 
my pigeon poop is your pot of gold ... 
you make me smile . 
shoot < PROPFEMALE > , shoot ! 
just when we thought it was over , we realized it is just beginning- oh dorm living- this is going to be a long week/weekend . Did i mention we have fuzzy creatures eating our food ... that's is not even the half of it . 
mmmm . hot chocolate on a chill night . lovin it ! 
Midterm Exam postponed ! There is a God ! 
run and tell that homeboy , home home homeboy ... 
curse you damn drummers down the street ! really !? you have been drumming since 6 ! GO HOME ! 
really !? Again with the drumming ! - must i tell you twice ! GO HOME ! 
life is way to short 
Dear Math:It's not me , it's you . I hate you with a grand passion , it would be great if you would remove yourself from my life ... completely . It's over . 
this paper .... no bueno .... 
yeah , um ... there is a mouse ( yea MOUSE ) in my flipping dorm room . It's cute and all , but its gots to go ! 
who ever thought that scheduling an exam at 8am was a good idea ... should be slapped ... twice ! 
Think I'm going for a walk now , feel a little unsteady . Don't want nobody to follow me , except maybe you . I could make you happy , you know , if you weren't already . I could do a lot of things , and I do . 
treat her like a lady (: 
curse you damn drummers across the street ! You have been out there since yesterday . Either play a different beat or GO HOME !! 
you know what they say about the young ;) 
:) 
