NYC cops need badges that don't look like they came out of a cereal box ... 

Anyone know of any apartments availbale in nyc ? ( I know its a long shot - just putting it out there . ) 
stupid < PROPFEMALE > corbusier paper 
Still no paper but plenty of coffee ! 
gotta knit more caution ... what does that even mean ? 
Paper to write .... Animation to finish ... Waiting for Rendering to complete ... its been a rough couple of days . 
I hate papers that seem exciting at first and then you start writing them and they are utter crap and due tomorrow . 
I finally finished !!! Paper in , all final reviews done ! Check ! Check !! Check !!! Check !!!! Now what am I going to do with myself ? 
To all my Kentucky people : I'm back ! 
Heading back to NYC . Goodbye Kentucky . Sorry to all my Kentucky people I didn't get to see - I was extra busy with family this year . 
is excited to finally organize the boxes of crap that have been stacked in the corner of my room . Yay Ikea ! And the tub drain is finally being cleared ! Yay Super < PROPFIRST > ! 
Yay Spring Break !!!! Anyone know of a good place to go into the < PROPMALE > not to far out of NYC ? 
Heat not on , no hot water in the shower , and no food in the house . I see no reason to get out of bed . 
This city is drunk ! And green ! 
Does anyone know a good , cheap dentist in New York ? 
The super scary super of my building just yelled at me for other people's cigarette butts in the trees outside of my apartment . I'm very tired of being scolded for things I don't do . 
needs toothpicks 
Aleck is making me a bicycle ! I'm marginally sunburned from the beach and I still have a delicious cocktail in my hand . I can't wait to ride in the heat wave that has engulfed the atlantic seaboard . It's summer for crissakes ! 
french fries smothered in cheese sauce with a side of ice cream makes a delicious dinner 
Headed back to the beach !!! Hurrah ! 
Anyone want to go with me to < PROPFIRST > Nest in the Bronx to do a site visit today or tomorrow ? 
On a bus back to New York . Philly is a very nice place to visit . It's so quiet ! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!! If I didn't get to see you tonight I hope I get to see you soon ! 
Back in New York and happy to have humidity again . Weird , I know . 
Riding off into the sunset ... Sunset Park that is . 
i hope that you aren't driving ? 
I'm sick of being sick ! 
