spending new years in tennessee with the cousins :) 

what a day .. left my purse in middle of a kentucky gas station .. had to drive 30 < PROPMALE > for an exit to turn around . then car broke down and triple a came and we drove 50 minutes with a weird tow truck driver . 
bed . work tmr alll day . no car . this sucks . 
SINGLE !!!! WOOHOOOO !!! 
going out to eat with my family .. then heavens . 
gettn my hair done at heavens :) 
hair is orange . omg . 
looking for jobs .. 
interview at 4 . yay :) 
with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > :) 
got a job :) yayayy ! 
with my cousins tonight :) yay . 
hopefully i get the job :) with meag tonight .. gettin in my hot tub ! 
loves arguing . escpecially to left winged athiests :) 
gotta good job now just need a good guy .. well i guess i dont need one .. but i want one :) 
anyone like < PROPFIRST > or < PROPFIRST > up for a debate ? should we allow parents to choose the sex of their future children ? 
DEBATE OF THE DAY : Is burning of the Flag morally wrong ? Or a freedom of speech ? What do you think ? Anyone can answer ! 
DEBATE OF THE DAY : Should parents be held reliable for accidents involving their guns and children ? 
DEBATE OF THE DAY : should we have the right to own a gun ? or should they be illegal ? go check out my last debate too ! 
doin my hair , then with best friend :) no work todayyy ! 
excited for work tonight .. anyone who wants to come , come into cadillac jacks tonight , its kareoke night . and most beer sold of the year ! it will be fun !! 
happy thanksgiving ! 
DEBATE OF THE DAY : Do you think torture is right to obtain information out of supposed terrorists ? Like anyone who we suspect has information that we need , and they wont tell us , should we have the right to torture them ? Should we have the right to send supposed terrorists to Guantanamo Bay ? 
DEBATE OF THE DAY : Is racial profiling right ? Do you think that just because we see someone who looks suspicious , we should be able to stop them and ask them questions and search through their things ? 
DEBATE OF THE DAY : Should marijuana be legal ? Should it only be legal for medical reasons ? If so , what is the age at which you can buy it ? Same as cigarettes ? 
siclair tomorrow . then with samy , brea and < PROPMALE > . the cat , giraffe , sloth and hyena will be reunited ! 
cant wait till wed when ill be in tennesse with cousins and best friend :) going to bed , then work alll day tomorrow . textt me 4096037 . 
getting ready , packing , then off to tennessee with my cousins :) 
actually has homework .. feels weird . 
none 
Im movin on At last I can see life has been patiently waiting for me And I know theres no guarentees , but Im not alone There comes a time in everyones life When all you can see are the years passing by And I have made up my mind that those days are gone 
i hate being a procrastinator . doing homework . 
doin homework 
is going to be regretting that i didn't go to sleep sooner in the morning :/ 
I'm gonna be the one to break the news ! < PROPFEMALE > FISCHER IS PREGNANT AND HER BABY WILL BE DUE SEPTEMBER 18th (: yay ! 
nothing tomorrow :) yay ! 
outttt . (: 
babysitting my favorite girl (: 
what a game .. super mad . tmrr check , dentist , the orientation for work . textt mehhh (: 
Long night of homework , but excited to write my story . tomorrow- school , then lunch with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . texttt mehhh (: 
caddys tonight .. thenn < PROPFEMALE > is staying the nightttt (: 
caddys tonight with < PROPFEMALE > for kareoke ! then school tomorrow with best friend . 
people who are saying that that we should come out with a Catcher in the Rye movie now should respect the fact that J.D. Salinger didn't want anything written about him , or a movie made from the book . RIP J.D. Salinger . 
homeworkk . 
doin homeworrrkkkkk . 
Glad i got all my work done .. I just love it when your partner doesn't come to class and you're stuck with all the work .. LOVEE IT ! 
bedd . doctor in the morning . then old worrrk . then school to work on some stufff (: 
tomorrow is going to be the worst day of my life . goodnight . 
homework . 
homework . amandaas :) then kareoke ! 
someone stole my phone so if you're trying to get ahold of me and i'm not answering that's why ! 
from urbandictionary.com: A happy person who is a good listener and reliable friend . Likes to party and is always there when you need her . '' Call < PROPFEMALE > she'll go out '' 
borrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeedddddddd . 
just realized in a week i can go to canada and gamble .. what the heck i must be growing up ! 
i HATE snow . 
GO COLTS ! <3 peyton manning ! 
at amandaaas ! 
bed soon . school with < PROPMALE > in the morning . with steph and heaven after that ! then idk (: 2more days <3 
snowed in ! not goin to class . ( : 
( 203 ) I asked a girl to buy her a drink , she had I have a boyfriend , so I said , well i have a goldfish , she said what ? I replied , oh I'm sorry I thought we were talking about things that don't matter . -- from texts from last night . 
thanks everyone for the bday wishes (: 
( 972 ): they say celebs die in threes . leave it to < PROPFIRST > mays to throw in one extra COMPLETELY FREE ! 
( 516 ): Thank God they found balloon boy , I was afraid that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was ordering take out from heaven . 
work $$$ . then ghosthunting again with the uncle and < PROPFEMALE > . \maybe they are the ghosts eyeballs ! \ " -- < PROPFEMALE > Obryant " 
President Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011 . This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ! Nice to know that during a time of rampant inflation , while war is fought in 2 theatres , our men and women in uniform get A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS !!! Please repost if you support our troops . THIS IS UNREAL !!! 
dentist . homework all day . then tomorrow school , work immediantly after . then break . then work again tomorrow night :( 
NOBAMA for 2012 election .. who ever agrees with me , \like\ " this status ! " 
after a long day of workin , imma be excited to do some sittin tonight 
I've saved so much gas money by running on low fuel for days . 
it's crazy that my biggest regret in life is giving somone a free mountain dew . 
Dayton Tea Party on taxes with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Bogan :) then hanging out with her :) 
got pulled over for not having a light on my lisence plate . when the cop shows up he asks me why i'm not wearing a seatbelt . i get a ticket for not wearing a seatbelt but not for the light . then when im driving home i realize that the only reason why i didnt have my seatbelt on was because i had to take it off to open my door because my window doesnt work !!!! yes i love my life . 
i appreciate it obama , the only \change\ " you have given me is what i'm trying to scrape out at the bottom of my pockets . " 
Love is stronger than death even though it can't stop it from happening , but no matter how hard death tries it can't seperate people from love . It can't take away our memories either . In the end life is stronger than death . Rest in Peace < PROPFIRST > Niles Holtzman , I know you're watching over us all . 4/21/08 <3 
she believes that life is made up of all you're used to , and the clock on the wall has been stuck on three for days , and days . she thinks that happiness is a mat that sits on her doorway , but outside it stopped raining . 
I heard your voice through a photograph , i thought it up it brought up the past . once you know you can never go back i gotta take it on the othersideeee . 
please everyone who knows her pray for Angel . she means the world to me and so many others . i will keep praying and I know God is watching over her . 
Someone prove me wrong 
babysittin my favorite girl tonight (: 
im an addict for dramatics , i confuse the two for love . 
I love this weather :) 
Fight night :) . 
Goodwill and library with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
With long lost best friend :) 
Please everyone keep my family in your prayers . 
i love you so much < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > i know you can make it ! 
Babysittin . I love you < PROPFIRST > ! You're doing much better keep it up , you're so strong !! 
I don't think I've been under so much stress in my life .. 
Seize the day or die regretting the time you lost , its empty and cold without you here too many people to ache over 
its times like these you learn to live again . 
dont call my name , dont call my name , < PROPMALE > . im not your babe , im not your babe < PROPMALE > . 
winter , please come back !! 
shish kabobs with < PROPFIRST > Zynda 
I walked in to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and he said \why don't you take a seat right there . \ " YAYAYAYYA he's coming back to his old self !!! :) " 
ughhh sick once again . 
work .. then possibly borfire with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Bogan and other people . yayayay :) 
Family bday party for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
do i really have to be up at 8 am to go to a stupid servers meeting ? ughhhh !!! 
wow .. two minutes ago it was absolutly beautiful outside . now its raining and looks like a tornados coming . thats ohio for ya 
Swimming :) 
omg sleep is so amazing 
layin out and starting my diet today (: woooohoo 
Just don't tell em I've gone crazy , that I'm still strung out over you 
tomorrow is gonna be amazing .. swimmin all day with the fam . then last night of karaoke with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > before he leaves for texas :( 
If you like this status , I will post on your wall something I like about you . Make this as your status if you want a challenge . :) 
Layin around talkin about god with < PROPFEMALE > this is great 
Layin out by the pool with a cold cup of ice in my hand . There's nothing like chewing ice on a hot day like this ! 
Omg eclipse eclipse eclipse . That's all I hear or see .. SHUT UP !! 
Amandas bday party :) 
In a great mood .. Work tonight . Then pool party with the family tomorrow .. then Fight Night tomorrow night :) Have a great 4th of July weekend everyone :) 
How am i spending my 4th of July ? Working !! How lovely :) 
Wow I love how everyone in < PROPFEMALE > is spending their 4th of july at my work !! Ugh just wanna be off !! 
If a man says something in the woods , and no women are around , is he still wrong ? 
Like my status and ill give you a like , dislike , first impression & confession 
Stayin later at work .. makin some decent money . Cannot wait to be in Tennnessee this weekend !! 
And be ye kind one to another , tender-hearted , forgiving one another , even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you . \ Ephesians 4:32 " 
Packing :) watchin < PROPFEMALE > tonight yaya ! Then off to tennessee tomorrow !! 
Trust in the Lord with all your heart ; and don't < PROPFEMALE > on your own understanding . In all things acknowledge him , and he shall direct your way . [ Proverbs 3:5 , 6]” 
off to TENNESSEE !! byebye ohio :D 
Huge < PROPMALE > fire right at the tennessee sign . Craaaazyy !!! 
So happy to be with my cousins , away from ohio , and not having to worry about anything ! Life is good :D 
i love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Hall and < PROPFEMALE > Heydasch !!!! :D :D 
ready to go out on the lake with the family :) 
needs sleeeep . zipline tomorrow in Gatlinburg then going home Wednesday :( goodnight 
People are so much nicer in tennessee than ohio its crazy !!! 
watching a movie with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Irwin .. last night in Tennessee :( 
It is possible to believe that all the past is but the beginning of a beginning , and that all that is and has been is but the twilight of the < PROPFEMALE > . It is possible to believe that all the human mind has ever accomplished is but the dream before the awakening 
I wonder if I've been changed in the night ? Let me think . Was I the same when I got up this morning ? I almost think I can remember feeling a little different . But if I'm not the same , the next question is ' Who in the world am I ? ' Ah , that's the great puzzle ! 
For once in my life , I can say I have finally accepted myself , learned to love my flaws , and live every day to the fullest . I accept the good in me , the bad in me , and will strive to change whatever I've done wrong . I have my God , my family , and my TRUE friends . I'll notice the beauty in everyone and everything . Before you can love anything else , you at first need to love yourself <3 
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination . Imagination is more important than knowledge . Knowledge is limited . Imagination encircles the world . 
Live life fully while you're here . Experience everything . Take care of yourself and your friends . Have fun , be crazy , be weird . Go out and screw up ! You're going to anyway , so you might as well enjoy the process . Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes : find the cause of your problem and eliminate it . Don't try to be perfect ; just be an excellent example of being human . ” 
I can not believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something yr old . Here are a few 20 somethings worth knowing about .... Justin < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , < PROPMALE > Tate 27 ~ These 20 somethings gave their lives for you this week . < PROPFIRST > who ? 
But I say to you who hear , Love your enemies , do good to those who hate you , bless those who curse you , pray for those who abuse you . To one who strikes you on the cheek , offer the other also , and from one who takes away your cloak do not withhold your tunic either . Give to everyone who begs from you , and from one who takes away your goods do not demand them back . And as you wish that others would do to you , do so to them . 
\What good is it to envy the greener grass on the other side when there is so much to < PROPFEMALE > in ones own weeds . \"" 
thousands of candles can be lit by a single candle , and the life of the candle will not be shortened . happiness never decreases by being shared . 
If anyone has a Blackberry charger and battery that they don't need anymore , could you let me know please ? my battery isn't working , idk if it's the battery or charger . i will give you a little bit of money . thanks ! 
A wise and frugal government which shall restrain men from injuring one another , which shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement , and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned . This is the sum of good government . – < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Worst headache of my life ! Sleeeep 
Bed bed bed bed bed 
i missed out on my best friends baby shower . it hurts me more than anything . i love you < PROPFEMALE > Fischer 
I have 2 free tickets to HippieFest this Friday at 7:30 that I got at work , I need someone to go with me !! and i need to know asap ! 
Wow .. Been at work for four hours and have made 3.97 ! Yay !!! :( 
Its pretty scary driving through miamisburg right now ... 
I am balling my eyes out from \if you really knew me\ " .. This is insane ! " 
i should've never cut my hair , what was i thinking ? 
Come into Buffalo Wild Wings-Springboro , Oh tonight to watch the Fight , and play Madden 2011 before it hits stores ! Enjoy a refreshing , cold Miller Lite for only $2.89 . Oh , and sit on the patio !! :) 
Quitting smoking cold turkey tomorrow whatttt ?! If I am in a bad mood towards you for a few months , or a few years , please forgive me . 
really wishes she was about 40-50 years old , or whenever menopause kicks in , right now . 
does anyone have a blackberry curve battery they no longer need ? ill give you 15-20 for it . dont wanna spend 60 in the stores 
If anyone needs to get ahold of me , do it on here . My phone no longer works . Ahhh what a relief :) 
Before work : Leave phone out on desk . Took battery out and left it on another side of the desk . Phone was not charging at all . After work : Phone has battery in it , fully charged , completly working like it's brand new . No one touched it . My mind is blown . Maybe it's really true that if you really wish for something , it will come true . 
All I ever wanted in life was to meet < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
First time closing tonight at work :) 
Please rain ! 
First night in about 5 years I feel as though I got a full nights sleep ! :D 
Fight night :D 
Gotta be at work in 20 < PROPFEMALE > and keys are nowhere to be found . Cool 
By far the worst night ever at work . 
Today : lights turning on randomly . Yesterday : remote flings off couch with no one around ! There's a ghost in this house I'm serious !! 
Crazy < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and Barack Obama coincidence : < PROPMALE > was hit in the head from behind , Obama hid his head up his behind . 
I hate Dayton Ohio and all the surrounding areas . 
well hello September . You sure got here pretty fast 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > at bdubs in west carrolton !! Come join :D 
what a night . 
Dude its cold out . 
what if the Earth was really the mental institution for the Universe ???? 
It's rather ironic that as I was lying in bed last night , the song Ironic randomly came into my head . And , ironically , I have heard the song Ironic 3 times today . When I probably haven't heard it in 3 years . Isn't it ironic ? 
to be nobody but yourself , in a world which is doing it's best , night and day , to make you everybody else , means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight ; and never stop fighting 
In ancient times skillfull warriors at first made themselves invincible , and then watched for vulnerability in their opponents . 
Work ! Come enjoy this beautiful day on the Patio at Buffalo Wild Wings-Springboro , Oh :D 
closing tonight . boooo 
Baby I like itttt ! 
If two people love each other , there is no happy end to it . </3 
I HATE that my energy level is the highest from about midnight till three in the morning . and then during the day it's blahhhh . ahhhhh 
Everyone that is awake right now should be watching Aftermath : Population Overload on the History channel . It is blowing my mind right now . 
Crazy night at work ! Gotta love when the power goes out ! 
They that can give up essential < PROPFEMALE > to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither < PROPFEMALE > nor safety . 
It's crazy to know that all the matter in the universe , if brought together , is just the size of a pea compared to all the space in the universe . Should make all these dumb people out there realize that they're not so big after all ! 
You made a rebel of a careless mans careful daughter .. you are the worst thing that's ever been mine . </3 
Congrats < PROPFEMALE > on your baby boy ! I can't wait to meet him !! :) 
Omg really people do not know how to drive ! do you realize that there WERE 2 < PROPFIRST > s , and THEN they turned into one ?! You do not keep driving in the oncoming < PROPFIRST > right beside me and try to hit my car ! You were def the one who was wrong ! Stupid idiots never been so mad in my life ! Wish my window rolled down so I could flip this guy off . I am a nice person but omg people are idiots !! 
Can't believe I went to the library today and got The Complete Idiot's Guide to American Government . Actually reading all of it AND taking notes . Wow I'm a nerd . 
One stiiiiing ! And you can say goodbye to all of your friends . One stiiiiing ..!! 
Made 5 dollars on a fight night ? Ok cool 
Must be national 20 < PROPMALE > under the spped limit day 
You're gonna miss this , you're gonna want this back . You're gonna wish these days didn't go by so fast .. 
Who's employee of the month ? Meeee ! 50 extra bucks on my check :) 
I find out I'm turning more and more into my mom with each passing day 
What's worse than downtown dayton ? Downtown miamisburg for sure 
Men don't respect women 2day , bc women have demanded all the same rights as men . B4 the womens liberation movement , & the ratification of the19th amendment , men treated women like gold . God clearly states that women r inferior to men , & our Fathers based our country on Gods word . if we would have listened to god , & kept our constitution from what our country was founded on , the world would be a better place , what do u think ? 
That's something to be proud of , that's a life you can < PROPFEMALE > your hat on . That's a < PROPFEMALE > held high , as a tear falls down , gut sucked in , chest held out . Like a small town flag a flyin , or a newborn baby cryin , In the arms of the woman that you love , that's somethin to be proud of . 
Omg people snoring is the most unbearable noise in the world ! I'm gonna cry !!!! Can't believe I can't wake up to a constant ringing of my alarm right in my ear , but I can with snoring two rooms down . I need to invest in an alarm clock with a snoring noise . 
Its crazy that , sometimes , if you are a strong person , the horrible things that happen to you in life , end up making you such a better person . Love my life and looking forward to the future :) 
How many people in a day are gonna ask me if my eyes are real ? No , I got them from an organ donor , she didn't need her eyes anymore and handed them off to me . 
33 miners were found on the 33rd week of the year . It took 33 days to drill the passage to them . The date they were rescued was 10/13/10 which equals 33 . They all believe that God is the One who was with them through this and Jesus was crucified , buried and resurrected when He was 33 
Yay for lost boys 
I wanna walk , not run . I wanna skip and not fall . I wanna look at the horizon and not see a building standing tall . I wanna be the only one for < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
SKATEWORLD ! 
Extra hour of sleep ? Don't mind if I do :) 
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered 
Forces moving from the center of the earth again . I can feel it . 
Life is a beach and I'm just playing in the sand . 
It's easy to take < PROPFEMALE > for granted when you have never had it taken from you . Happy Veterans Day thanks to all who have served and are serving ! 
Today's men are losing their minds 
what an absolutely beautiful day <3 
Only ten more hours ... 
got the < PROPFEMALE > i needed for school . sooo happy :) 
At work .. Not a single customer . Sooooo gay 
people never cease to amaze me that they can stand hours in the cold just to get something they won't use after 10 years , 5 years , 1 year from now 
If you were everything a woman wanted , she wouldn't want you anymore . 
She took a hike don't matter if I like it or not because she only wants the wrong way 
This time of year used to be the greatest thing ever and the one thing I looked forward too . Now its the only thing I'm dreading . Ughh wish I could go missing for the holidays . 
Please change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , Dec . 6 , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to denounce violence against children . Please pass it on . 
i have lost 6 pounds in one day .....????????? 
Ok this number thing is getting old , I'm about 2 seconds from deleting this thing . 
well phone took a plunge in the snow .. so no phone right now . i hate snow . 
This is a joke . 
I love girls 
I've only gained about 50 pounds today . 
one hour and 25 minutes left 
whatever happened to doing work with a pencil and a piece of paper ? technology is cool and all but not when you have to do MATH online ! ughhh 
Happy Friday ! If any of my family members would like to come in and eat I have $15 dollars off for you ! 
I have been doing accounting homework for the last 7 hours and the teacher puts an email up an hour ago that he wants chapter 2 done also . oh and that he wants two timed quizzes done online due by 11:55 tonight . oh and the times I have for each of the quizzes are 2 hours . this means i wont be done with this stuff until 6 in the morning woooheeeeeee ! 
it's 2011 .. who cares what everyone is doing , what they're wearing , who's dating who , who did this , who did that . if everyone cared more about themselves then everyone else , the world would be a much better place ! just LIVE 
i hate walking 
all that we are is a result of what we have thought . 
meditation works wonders ! 
I wish it felt the way it looks outside 
History shows us that the people who end up changing the world- the great political , social , scientific , technological , artistic , even sports revolutionaries- are always nuts , until they’re right , and then they’re geniuses . ” 
hellllllo 20's! 
thanks for the bday wishes everyone ! 
Everything's so blurry , and everyone's so fake , and everybody's empty , and everything is so messed up . 
I wish I could < PROPMALE > in Socializing . not to be mistaken for sociology . 
craziest night at the buffalo i must say 
welp my life is officially over 
Just saw obama at sinclair . 
When life hands you a < PROPFIRST > , stroke the furry walls . 
I hate April fools day . Everyone just loves to pull pranks on me because im so gullible . So stressed for four hours for something that was all a joke ! 
