life just really SUCKS !!!! 

is getting ready for another hard day at work !!!! It really sucks !!! 
....... Seems like everyone is doing good .... so I guess its time to go to bed so i will get up for work !!!!!!!! fun fun !!!! 
Money does sometimes equal happiness and it sucks when you have none !!! true statement !!! 
attempting to do some homework !!!!! and it sucks !! 
Life sucks and sometimes you just need to let go but everyone holds you back . I feel trapped and it totally sucks 
Life sucks and sometimes you just need to let go but everyone holds you back . I feel trapped and i cant get out of the cage !!!!!! 
is going to bed now got a lot to do tomarrow and very little time .... lol 
Life sucks I cant get to sleep and I am so dang tired !!!!!!!!!! 
So thinking of getting a new phone but which one ..... the LG EnV touch or the LG EnV 3 !!! which one ??? 
Well time for bed long day toasted like 2000 reg buns for prison order for like 3 hrs ., then went to class then went to work again and did truck ! blah one long hard day !!! lol !! 
Life totally SUCKS !!!! not enough money nor time , my phone broke today while doing truck for the < PROPFEMALE > Arches !! great !! this sucks !!! So sorry to anyone who has tried to text me today !!! 
Well time for sleep !! barely any time for sleep with school and work sucks !!! 
when does the homework ever end and relaxing start ?!?!? 
Well time to give up and finish later before it due at 5:30 pm ....... 
going to bed have to be up by 7 to be at McD's by 8 am sucks !! 
Why cant the rain just stop ?!?!?!? 
Well time to go to bed work in the morning ...... blah it sucks ..... school and work .... but Wednesday I am done with fall semester then January will pick back up again ....... sucks !! 
Just one more < PROPFEMALE > then going to bed stupid finals ........ yuck !!!! 
School sucks especially when you have to pay for it and then there is no money left to finish paying the semester Balance off .... money needs to grow faster !!!!!!!!!!! 
Well time for bed .... can't get rid of my writers block maybe I should go to sleep and get up and try again ...... Night Everyone !!!! 
Finally done with all that homework and done with the semester . Still need money to finish paying for this semester ..... Don't think I will be heading back in the spring not enough money ..... 
Well its been a long long day ..... dad finally fixed the electricity now there is hot water ...... Well soon to be another long day at McHell and have to do truck and work all day it sucks !!!!! 
Its a boy his name < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 8lbs 10oz 21 inches long and a full head of hair . He just put his mom through 30 hrs of labor but < PROPMALE > is a Christmas Gift to the world ...... Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Well Going to Bed now .... I get to see my new nephew in the morning so time so i am real excited to see him !!!! 
Happy new year to all my friends and family be safe in 2011 !!! 
Sitting here with my sisters < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and baby < PROPMALE > ... 
BLACK 
Miss seeing my mom everyday and then one day it is just no more ........ been 6yrs and it is hard but we are doing our best to get through with out you here with the family ..... Love and miss you MOM !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well going to bed now Goodnight everyone !!! 
I karate chopped my dog in your bathroom because I'm sexy and I do what I want !!!! 
Well it is time for Bed long day .... So GOODNIGHT !!! 
Well time for bed ..... Night Everyone !! 
Well time to go watch tv with the family ....... 
Well time for Bed !!!!! 
Well time for Bed ......... goodnight everyone !!!! 
Well time for bed , Good Night everyone !!!!! 
Time for Bed !!! 
Well I guess I should probably go to bed now I have to work it Is going to be a GREAT DAY at McDonalds and for my BIRTHDAY !!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME ... LOL !!!!! 
THANKS TO EVERYONE FOR THE BIRTHDAY WISHES !!!!! 
Thanks everyone !!!! I did have a really good birthday and it was cuz of all of you !!! 
< PROPFIRST > McDonalds has Barq's Root Beer now !!!! 
Well I'm going to bed now , so tired and my back hurts so bad !!! Maybe I will feel better in the morning !!! 
Had a stressful day at work but in the end it was well worth the high score and passing that dang S.O.R. Good job , Finally !!! 
I thought it was spring where the heck did this snow come from !?! 
So tried to clean the new frappe machine for the 1st time by myself and it took 2 hrs an hour longer than it was supposed to take ....... Couldn't get the Bio-shield pump to work !!! 
Work sucked ..... and it was a long day !!! 
Well my car is sitting in Wal-mart parking lot ... Fuel pump broken and I just filled the tank , spent money on Laundry detergent just to spill all over < PROPFIRST>'s carpet in her car when Dad took a turn to quick ..... So my day started good then went down hill in 2 hours !!! 
Life REALLY SUCKS right now my car is in the shop need $300 something to get it fixed ... my puppy Bentley died and I really miss him .... I <3 U , Bentley !!!! 
I miss my baby Bentley so so very much !!!!! work SUCKED !!!! 
I'm thinking of getting a tattoo ..... What should I get ?? I really want to get something to remember my mom !! 
Well time for sleep ..... rough day at work at least i think I am so dead tired !!! 
Well going to attempt to get some sleep got to get my new stereo put in my car in the morning !!!! 
You have to see this ! A simple town competition ends a 8 year marriage ! http://broughttoyou.org/failedcompetition 
There are many complaints that facebook has become unacceptably slow . The report shows that the reason is that facebook has a number of non- active members . We want to send this message to see whether you're active members or not . If you dont post this message within 2 weeks you will be removed in order to get more space ................ Well going to bed night everyone !!!!! 
Well rough night at work I thought all the drama was over guess it just was hiding !!! Oh well I hope Wednesday night will be less DRAMA !!! Fingers and Toes all crossed !!! 
Well had a great day off ............. got a few things accomplished ...... saw my nephew and went to watch an AWSOME movie with family and a friend !!!!!! 
I think I love my new internet from Verizon it is AMAZING and way faster than the Alltel !!! 
The 2010 VMA's are amazing !!!!!!! 
Well had an amazing day went shopping for holloween costume < PROPMALE > out with a good friend and watched 2 AMAZING movies 1st was Easy A and 2nd was Resident Evil : Afterlife both were AMAZING !!!!! Now its time for bed it was a long day !!!!! 
Well I guess I have to go to work now they are allowing us back in :( fun fun !!!! 
I like it on the bedside table . 
Well it is always fun to get off work an hour or so late then as you go to leave you can't because a trucker hits the over < PROPFEMALE > on < PROPFIRST > 2 then cause you thought it was a good idea to tell one of the managers on duty then your stuck at work another 30 or so minutes !!!! Fun Fun :( 
Loving the new phone !!!!! 
A friend just said I like it on hard core vibration .................................................. only on her cell phone 
so sad and angry it sucks 
Happy birthday mom even if I am 3 hrs late saying on fb ..... I wish u were here love you !!!!!! 
I am sick and tired of my family treating me like I'm not worth anything in this world !!! I need out of the hell hole now !!! 
Sitting at walmart because the ppl in automotive dont know how to replace parts back on my car after an oil change !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and happy birthday < PROPMALE > 
Todays ganna be a long not so fun day I dont feel good and I have to work I just love the weather !!!! 
Officially the worst day night morning ever 
People drive stupid this early in the morning 
Im so tired and my hips r out of place and they hurt so bad ..... 
Does anyone know a good chiropractor open earlly on saturday mornings 
Well getting ready to go do the route with Tamanda !!! 
Well just finished watching a great movie for the second time ....... Easy A is a must see .... well that is all for now ..... nite 
Its been too long since youve had a status so I fixed it :) 
Besties forever :) I love my Lorla lol . 
And for all the world to know I was told when I was stuck in a drift that the state troopera in a 4x4 are not authorized to pull vehicles out . sincerely < PROPFEMALE > 
So tired but cant sleep , dont feel good at all ... Work may suck a lot today . 
Im sick and feel as if I may die at any moment !!!! 
I hope I feel better by friday so im ready to be evaluated for work !!!! 
Cant sleep but im just so dang tired ... I really hate being sick !! 
Well I feel a little better today .... Got told by the doctor if the Z-pack doesnt work im ganna have to use an in-hailer(spelling ? ) .. So fun fun .. 
Well im getting ready for my day I have my guides ready so lets get this evaluation done ...... 
So tired , still dont feel good and I have to be at work at 11 a.m. today is going to be rough !!!! 
Im so tired just dont want to get up and go anywhere just want to stay in bed and sleep ...... and I have the worst heartburn ever and headache . 
Still dont feel good stomach hurts still have heartburn really bad and also that bad headache . Im having issues sleeping . Im just laying wishin & hoping for slee 
The refs for the k-state and MU game suck they r not calling anything ..... 
Chinese !!!!!!!!!!! 
Wat an annoying night at work ..... Stuff was left un-done and I was , bever told that I was suppose to count and enter .. im just frustrated .. COMMUNICATION is key ! 
Thanks everyone for the b-day wishes 
Its so much fun being called a bitch on ur birthday < PROPFEMALE > I did nothing wrong !!! Promise 
Hey thanks everyone for all the Birthday wishes !!!! Had an okay day but now time for bed got another early morning again day 2 then 1 more togo !!! 
Im so tired ...... want and need sleep .... another early morning but just so nervous about the test :( 
Well just got back from seeing the new adsition to the family ..... she is so cute ... Congrats < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST > for a beautiful daughter < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Brownlee 
Happy st. patricks day !!!! Don't forget to wear green today ..... 
SO tired worked a 9 hour shift 
Mmmmm chinese !!!!!! 
Everyone come buy mccafe ' shakes from mcdonalds they are amazing 
Tired dont feel good .... Its going to be a really long day 
Hey everyone HAPPY HOUR @ McDonalds daily from 2-5pm come get a $1 off a medium or large ........ shake or speciality McCafe ' ..!!!!!!!!! 
