' Where oh where could the sane people be ? oh where oh where can they be ? ' 

Here today , gone tomorrow . 
Then I realized what it took to tell the difference between thieves and crooks . Lesson learned , me and you . ~ Green Day , ' < PROPFEMALE>'s Day Parade ' 
Got my braces tightened today ..... Now in I'm pain .... 
Seeing Greenday July 3rd , Paramore July 19th ! Woot ! 
Oh life . Don't you love it ? ;) 
Taking Back Sunday is awesome . 
Got back from Tacoma YSA . Awesome dance ! 
Countdown to see Green Day this Friday ! Woot ! 
Green Day Was AWESOME !!!! ( Though I must say , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > needs to wash out his potty mouth . lol . ) 
On this 4th of July we acknowledge our country's declaration of independance many years ago . We celebrate the brave men and women who fought for the freedoms we hold dear , declaring this nation free from an unjust force . We honor their sacrifice and hard 
I just won a meet and greet with Paramore before the july 19th concert ! Woot ! I'm so excited ! 
Paramore Concert Tomorrow ! Woot ! 
Paramore rocks ! 
Church was awesome today ! 
Now I venture forth to work once again , knowing exactly what lays before me , and I am < PROPFEMALE > tired of the same old crap day in and day out . lol . Can't we at least get new crap and work from there ? 
\To Live Is To Make Music . \ " I love that quote . " 
I need new pics . My hair's not that short anymore . I totally have it spiked now , Yes ! lol . 
Paintballing was awesome ! < PROPFIRST > , you're so coming next time . ;) 
It's a good day for < PROPFEMALE > everyone , we're still here . ;) 
Yes ! Working is totally making me ripped ! Oh yeah . ;) 
I'm sick ..... It stinks . :( 
Ugh . I'm tired of people thinking I can't see through their bullcrap and all their retarted games . NEWSFLASH , I can and I will not forget it easily . Get a clue . 
.... Someone just bury me in a hole please ... 
Ignorance is your new best friend . Ignorance is your new best friend . ~ Paramore 
Going to Birch Bay this weekend for the Waterpark ! Wooo ! Good thing my sicklyness was ealier this week . 
Birch Bay is awesome ! Waterpark today woo ! ( yes I found the internet . ;) ) 
Home sweet home . :) 
Oy , the world we live in ... 
Standing on a bus stop feeling your head pop out , in the night on the kind where you want to be out on the street , crawling up the walls like a cat in heat . And the air is thin and it blows through your skin , and you feel like something is about to begin but you don't what and you don't know when , so you tear at your hair and you scratch at your skin . You want to run away , just get on the train and leave today ~ A.T.E 
Pay attention world . I declare that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is the most amazing girl in the world ! That's right , I said it . And I ain't taking it back . :) 
Just wrote a poem in 30 minutes and it's good . woohoo ! lol . :) 
I ain't taking it back . ;) 
Taking Back Sunday and Weezer are amazing ! Blink 182 not so much , too much loud distortion on a lot of their sound stuff , they had some good moments though . Awesome concert ! 
Conviction will get us through the night . ~ Aiden , ' The sky is falling ' 
I'm an Elder ! :) 
I'm so happy . :) 
Paramore is amazing ! 
Maybe if my heart stops beating it won't hurt this much ... ~ Paramore , ' Never let this go ' 
Worst day ever . Woohoo . 
* Hits head against wall , again , again , and again . * 
* Again , again , again , again , again , again , and again . * 
So this is what it feels like to be a jerk ... I hate it . 
Wow , what a day . 
Feeling better now . :) ILYB ! 
\This one goes out to the one I love . \ " ~ R.E.M :) " 
Today has been amazing ! :D 
Crazy little thing called Love . :) 
is re-finding his footing , and preparing for the future . :) 
Doesn't like it when < PROPFEMALE > is sad ... :( 
I've been a dancing with myself . I've been dancing with myself . And if I had the < PROPMALE > I'd ask a woman to dance , I've been a dancing with myself . Ah ah oh . Ah ah ah oh . ~ < PROPFIRST > Idol 
Just another day in paradise . :) 
People never cease to amaze . A day in the life of someone who works in retail . Oy . 
She's gone away Fading through the crimson rain . Letting me go Eventhough she never came . ~ She's Gone Away , < PROPMALE > Hartsock . <--- That's right ! Booya . ;) 
I guess my poker face is a little too good at times . :/ Oops . 
I walk this empty street on the boulevard of broken dreams where the city sleeps , and its only me and I walk alone . ~ Green Day ( you all know what song . ;) ) 
So close and yet so far . ~ Linkin Park 
Do you know the enemy ? Do you know your enemy ? Well you gotta know the enemy rah-aye . 
\I just wanted you to know I think about you everynight when I fall asleep . You were in my dreams just like in a movie with a happy ending . \ " ~ Hawthorne Heights " 
Crazy , well that's how it goes . Millions of people living as foes . Maybe its not too late to learn how to love and forget how to hate . ~ Crazy Train , Ozzy Osborne 
Life is awesome ! Even when it stinks . ;) Haha Gotta love living . :) 
Another day , another dollar . 
Shouting bloody scary roars at coyotes is always interesting . But it works everytime . ;) 
Paramore > Lady Gaga .... a message from the foundation for a better life . ;) haha 
Wake me up when september ends ........ I'm awake ! I just , I ju .... * snore * 
Hysteria . Mass Hysteria . 
' Ignorance is still your new best friend , Ignorance is still your new best friend . ' :P lol . Who is this about you ask ? I don't know . But if you look in the mirror and ask yourself is it you this is directed towards I'm sure the answer is yes , cause you are obviously uneasy enough to look in the mirror and ask yourself about it . It's nothing personal really , I just like messing with you . ;) 
Fear is only in our minds , taking over all the time . Fear is only in our minds but it's taking over all the time . ~ Evanesence 
:( I lost a friend today .... 
This was over before , before it ever began . Your lips , your lies , your crutch . Like the devil has your hand . ~ Anberlin . 
Never learn , never grow . A philosophy you know . ~ < PROPMALE > Hartsock ' ( Anti ) Letter to the wise ' 
Is happy for real friends . I love all of you . :) 
To work once again I go . :) 
Paramore's new album came out today ! Now the UPS man just needs to bring Me and < PROPMALE > our Limited Edition version . Muwhwhahahahaha ! I'm stoked ! 
This is your life , are you who you want to be ? ~ Switchfoot . 
Uploading Brand New Eyes on my itunes ! Woot ! 
PARAMORE ! :D Need I say more ? ;) 
Gah . The past month I've had this heavy metal song idea that's been dancing around in my head . I need to pull it together . It even has hardcore screams in it . NO SQUEALING . lol . 
All is lost again . But I'm not giving in . I will not bow , I will not break , I will shut the world away . I will not fall , I will not fade , I will take your breath away and I'll survive . I am not a proud cold blooded fake , and I will shut the world away . ~ Breaking < PROPMALE > . 
' Zombie ' by The Cranberries . One of the best songs ever written . 
The world is indeed crazy . And that makes me just that much crazier . :p lol . 
Off I go to work where I shall continue to be amazed by what stupid things people do at a grocery store . Yay ..... * sob * lol . 
Shock and Awe ... Shock and Awe ... What am I talking about you say ? I don't know . It sounds awesome though . :p . haha . 
I'll stop the world and melt with you . I'll stop the world and yeah it's better all the time . There's nothing you and I won't do . I'll stop the world and melt with you . ~ ( I don't know who does this song , but its stuck in my head . :) lol . ) 
You know it's sad but true ! Sad but truuuaauuee ! ~ Metalica , Sad But True ( awesome song ! ) 
Today I offer up myself to this , I'm living for my dying wish . We give it all ! No there's a reason , there's a reason to give it all . ~ Rise Against 
Sunrise sunset will you wash away the rain ? Sunrise sunset will you wash away the pain ? This nightmare won't last long . Are you scared to sing this song ? I'm right there by your side , tonight we got a < PROPMALE > . ~ Aiden 
Watch out world here I come ! I'm kind of a big deal . Yes that's how fat I am . Look out !!! INCOMING !!! Lol . 
Crazy crazy day at work . Oy . 
For < PROPFEMALE > is calling me . Open up my eager eyes , cause I'm Mr Brightside . ~ The Killers . 
Don't kill the messenger ... He might kill you first ! Muwhahahahaha ! 
Do you know the enemy ? Do you know the enemy ? Well you got to know your enemy ra-eh . ~ Green Day . So my question is . Do you know your enemy ? 
Rantings of the desolate lost children part II complete . It's quite a beautiful mess I must say . lol . Both parts are an official poets nightmare ! Take that rules and official code of conduct ! It doth vex thee so . ;) 
Who wants to die in a burning house ? ok , if you do stay exactly where you are and live exactly the same and rid yourself of all form of conscience , intuition and awareness .... Thatta boy . Good job . ;o 
I'm sorry , did I hurt you with my spine ? I really need to get that looked at . It's quite contagious . ~ ME ! :D lol . 
Missing a certain someone . ;) 
Hang'em high .... No , higher ... Higher ... Higher ... Perfect . What ? Not choking ? Bring'em down . We start over . 
The last of the rebels without a common ground , I got to light a fire into the underground . I can hear the silence of a beating heart that bleeds from a system that's falling apart . With money to burn on a minimum wage , and I don't give a * crap * ... about the modern age . ~ Green Day , American Eulogy . 
You can't live in fear . ~ Ghost Rider 
There there troubled hearted , don't cry . Just remember that under every pile of steaming molten crap is the seed of a beautiful flower readying to < PROPFEMALE > . ;) 
Feeling a wee bit down today . But its the last day of the work week , and am going to a barn dance saturday so . Should be a good weekend . 
I feel strange right now , not sure why . :/ 
Just saw Zombie Land . Not gonna lie , I was disapointed . Had funny moments , but I actually got bored with it . I was hoping it would be more funny . 
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything . 
The truth shall set you free . It may hurt for a moment but if you endure and remain strong the rewards are eternal . :) 
It's ok to try and shoot down my argument good sir . I'll just sneak around you with my knife . :o This is a metaphore of course ;) lol . 
Go grab your shovel and we'll dig a deep hole to bury the castle , bury the castle . ~ Paramore 
Lies kill the spirit of the human heart . ~ Me ! :D 
So tell me now , if this ain't love then how do we get out ? Cause I don't know . That's when she said I don't hate you boy , I just want to save you while there's still something left to save . That's when I told her I love you girl , but I'm not the answer to the questions that you still have . ~ Rise Against , ' Savior ' 
Can't wait for 30 Secdonds to Mars new album ! 
If under any circumstance a boy scout/eagle scout finds his spine beginning to tremble and on the verge of cracking he will exert all his keen senses and yield the power of one of the greatest tools known to man and use it with precision and skill to aid himself in the pending dire circumstance ... Yes , I'm referring to Duct Tape . * heavenly choir music * 
If any of you lack wisdom go and get some . ;) ( lol ) 
If you're trying to turn me into someone else it's easy to see I'm not down with that . I'm not nobody's fool . If you want to bring me down go ahead and try . ~ < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne 
Wickedness never was happiness .... However , that guitar solo was totally wicked ! Wooo ! ( Don't you love our language ? ;) ) 
When in doubt , slap yourself upside the head and quit being a doubter . ;) 
All truth will and must prove itself . Anyone who does not understand that has missed a great vital lesson indeed and can easily be swayed into the clutches of any lie . 
Any and every human being on this planet has the potential to be happy . However the descision to be happy is not predetermined nor an unescapeble fate set to fall upon everyone . It is a blessing given to all those who whole heartedly seek it . 
Remember , it could always be worse . If you forget , you will be reminded ... And that reminder will suck . lol . 
Hooray for days off work ! Woo ! 
Some people in life are just victims . No matter what happens , it happened TO THEM . ( They're not right in the head . ) ;o 
Do unto others as you would have done unto that guy over there . No , over there ... A little more left ... That's the one . 
2 of the best songs ever written : < PROPFEMALE > ~ Goo Goo Dolls , Zombie ~ The Cranberries . I need to find more to add to this list . 
GAH ! NEED HIGHSPEED ! Chat never works . :( 
Smart and dumb are merely different points of view in this world ... Hence we are in big trouble . The world is flat afterall . ;) 
I LOVE VIOLIN MUSIC ! 
Take caution when someone says you're very sharp , they just might use you to stab something ..... :o 
If you do not challenge yourself you will never realize your own potential . 
Sing us a song and we'll sing it back to you . ~ Paramore , ' My Heart ' 
Headstrong , I'll take you on . Headstrong to take on anyone . I know that you are wrong and this is not where you belong . ~ Trapt , ' Headstrong ' 
If you were to slit my throat , with my one last gasping breath I'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt . ~ Taking Back Sunday , ' You're so Last Summer ' 
HAVE HIGH SPEED ! 100 MB a second ! WOOO ! 
Some people just don't have the guts to fight for their own happiness . Its very unfortunate , but very real . A true shame . 
High speed , so happy , woot woot . lol :) 
XBOX LIVE READY ! :D 
Xbox live gamer tag : Too7Much7Love 
Don't kill the messenger people !... oh , crap I'm too late .... They killed him already . I got dibs on his message ! :D lol . ;) 
Overcome , people , overcome . Of course I speak of overcoming being stupid ... So Overcome . ;) 
Waaaaooooh , Christian's inferno , Waaaaaoooooh , Christian's inferno . Ah hahahaha . ~ Green Day , ' Christian's Inferno ' 
If one cannot overcome their own self , anything and everything that they do overcome in this life mounts to very little if anything at all . 
Had a very nice evening with Miss < PROPFEMALE > Nielson :) 
Wickedness never was happiness . Happiness never was wickedness ... Shout out to the world . What have we done , what are we doing ? And they still won't answer back , because we all know too well we're not heading in a good direction . So the question remains . Who are our enemies ? 
We won't stand for hazy eyes anymore . ~ Taking Back Sunday 
Ever get tired of being tired ? Ever get sick of being sick ? Ever get angry about being angry or depressed about being depressed ? If so , you need to brush up on your vocabulary skills a bit . ;) haha . 
* cracks knuckles * ok , time to school some nooobz . And I am not talking about xbox live . :o . Nooobz beware , you don't know who you are yet , but I do . And that's the important thing . ;D 
AHHHHHH !!!! < PROPFEMALE > , you really need our help now . 
Revolt against the honor to obey . ~ Green Day , ' Know your enemy ' 
I'll see your argument and raise you a philosophical point .... And you fold . Gosh , there's no one to play cards with anymore ! ;) 
Some people are just stupid lad , they can't help it . Their heads just ain't screwed on right is all . 
Fear is the mind killer . ~ Dune 
When you set yourself up for failure there ain't much you can do about it except un-set yourself for failure . Until then , brace for impact ! Ahhh ! < PROPFEMALE > always comes through . 
Next time you point your finger I'll point you to the mirror . ~ Paramore , ' Playing God ' 
I'll make you a deal , when you stop being an idiot I'll stop looking at you with a blank stare . ;o lol . 
Getting to bed ! Tonight was awesome . Thank you Lexi and < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
And when your heart stops beating I'll be here wondering ' did you get what you deserve ? ' The ending of your life . And if you get to heaven , I'll be here waiting babe . You get what you deserve . ~ My Chemical Romance , ' Dead ' 
I'm not perfect you know ... I have a dirt smudge riiight * looks for smudge * There ! Wow , all I need is some soap and I'm good . :D .... Oh wait ... Dang it , I'm full of crap ! So close , so close . 
And then the good girls die . ~ The Killers 
Desperate , but not hopeless . The clock strikes midnight in the murder city . ~ ' Murder City , Green Day . ( Idk , its just stuck in my head . lol . ) * starts dancing * 
I am not afraid to keep on living , I am not afraid to walk this world alone . < PROPFEMALE > if you stay you'll be forgiven . Nothing you can say will stop me from going home . * guitar solo * ~ My Chemical Romance , ' Famous Last Words ' <------ Awesome song ! I love living ! :D 
Break the silence ......... Wooooo ! :D 
You built up a world of magic because your real life is tragic . ~ Paramore 
The Mentalist is AWESOME ! ( tv show ) 
3 cheers for saying what you don't mean . And 5 cheers for getting a clue and saying what you meant to begin with . Hooray . 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! There aren't enough smart people in the world ! 
Don't give up what you want most for what you want at the moment . ~ Anonymous 
I never wanted to fall in love again and then pop goes my heart ' pop goes my heart ' ~ Music and Lyrics . Its fun and catchy ! lol . 
' I'm an addict for dramatics , I confuse the two for love . ' ~ Taking Back Sunday , ' Liar ' 
A hero of war , yeah that's what I'll be . When I come home they'll be damn proud of me . ~ Rise Against , ' Hero of War ' Good song . 
And worst part is they think I'm actually buying the bs . lol . Don't forget who you're talking to noobz . :p 
There ain't no rest for the wicked . 
I'm moving on and looking brightly into the future . :) 
Internet is back ! :D 
I beg to dream and differ from their hollow lies . This is the dawning of the rest of our lives . On holiday . ~ Green Day 
Overcome . 
So today at work a grandma brought her granddaughter to see me at the checkout . Cause according to her this granddaughter from Texas would not be able to say she did not see anything great in Washington if she saw me ... Yes , this caught me off guard . lol . 
The other day me and < PROPFIRST > tried to see ninja assassin . We walked out the first 10 minutes . Apparently ninja's are like giant blenders that spew meat chunks from the shadows . Oh and bytheway , Ninja stars are bettter then bullets because they're bigger ... I guess ? All I know is what we saw sucked and I want my 10 minutes returned to my life . lol . 
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 is AWESOME ! 
People are very easy to read . The challenging part comes into play when you don't want to see what is truly there . 
' We create our own veil to reality . In not feeling we fail . Fodder for a corrupt twisted society . ' ~ Death Machine 
It means very little to believe in something that you do not act on . People will see your belief as empty words . And to be quite < PROPFIRST > they are exactly right . One's meaning and opinion has no quality if their behavior contridicts it . 
Hip hop sucks ... A message from the foundation for a better life . 
If you don't speak your mind you're speaking someone else's ... Cause you're a pushover . Oh . 
95% of teens would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Cullen standing on a skyscraper ready to jump . If you're part of the other 5% that would be sitting in the crowd , eating popcorn and yelling , \DO A FLIP ! \ " copy and paste this into your status . " 
Lad don't let the world weigh you down . It's too fat to hold on to . 
If you're not a straight shooter you're going to die in a gun fight . Period . 
And so begins the SNOW . :O 
Feels good to be growing up . :) 
I am not the weak willed . I will not give into facist beliefs . ~ All That Remains 
How to hunt for a snake in the grass : Burn the grass . 
AVATAR IS UH-MA-ZING ! Just had to get that off my chest . lol . Picture of the year by far . 
If you do not oppose evil when it's among you , you have opposed that which is good . There is no fence in the greater picture of actions . Every choice aids good or evil . No one is exempt . Therefore do not fool yourself , but decide . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas World ! :D 
It's more than a feeling , more than a feeling . ( you know the song ;D ) 
Now have Rambo 1 and 4 on my ipod . Woot ! 
On the city streets the people look the same . ~ Silverstein , ' Your Sword vs My Dagger ' 
' Demon(s )' by Darkest Hour is officially a favorite song from guitar hero 5 ! 
People don't like it when you see through them . * whispers * They take it personally . Kind of pops their ' I'm so stealthy and cool ' bubble . 
And one of these days we'll no longer betray ourselves anymore . We're falling back , the same way down . ~ Darkest Hour , ' Demon(s )' 
I found my weapons of destruction on call of duty modern warfare ! Righteous ! 
Aye Lad , people are not as smart as they pretend to be . But don't grow too angry with the deception , maybe if they get really good at pretending to be smart they'll learn how to be smart . Unfortunately the stupid comes naturally and is a wee bit hard for them to control . However , there is always hope Laddy . ;) 
If any of you lack wisdom , which you do . Go out and freaking get some ! ;) lol 
On countdown for vacation to California in april ! :D 
Why do people lie to themselves ? Easy . The truth is scary , it makes TOO MUCH sense . Mythical , ideal and proffered detached nonsense is so much more easy to swallow compared to involved , attached and realistic perspective that does not cater to one's insecurities . 
Look , I know you want to look like a victim here , but you're still the idiot holding a gun . Being a sloppy predator does not qualify you as a victim . However your qualifications as a fool are top of the class . (( Disclaimer : This is not directed to any person , you can breathe now . lol . ;) )) 
People , you probably are aware of this but I thought I would say it anyway ... You're all crazy . :o 
Need .... Halo ... Movie ... AHH ! 
Facebook . Your own personal peanut gallery for all life's up and downs . ;) 
Finally got my copy of ' This is War ' by 30 Seconds to Mars , and it does not disapoint . :) It cries awesomeness with every sound ! 
30 Seconds to Mars is so awesome ! 
' A warning to the people , the good and the evil . This is war . ' 
I don't know what it is but I will always love < PROPFEMALE > Lavivigne's first album \Anything But Ordinary\ " . It's a great album . Very down to earth " 
Glee has gone too far . They did a version of < PROPFIRST > Idol's ' Dancing with Myself ' and it's horrible . They should have left < PROPFIRST > alone ! 
So many people suck at arguing and debating . You don't even have to have a comeback anymore . They open their mouth and it's over , you win ! What is becoming of the world ? Intellectually speaking , I am so bored ! 
It's too late to apologize ... So accept this as my not apology . 
' I really hate to say it but I told you so ! So shut your mouth before I shoot you down ol ' boy . ' ~ Green Day , St. < PROPFIRST > 
If this ride is going to down in flames .... I call shotgun ! :D 
HAPPY SATURDAY EVERYONE ! I DON'T HAVE TO GO TO WORK TODAY ! WOOT ! :D 
I love life ! Deal with it . lol . 
I fought the law and the law won .... I will be having an awesome comeback however . ;o 
< PROPMALE>'s Pointless Point Of The Day : Don't beat yourself up , there's plenty of insecure bullies out there that will do that for you . This way you contribute to our wonderful society . ;D 
Oh , got a hair cut yesterday . I know you guys are really going to miss my lightning spikes . lol . 
I am now officially addicted to the tv show ' Monster ' on chiller . Downside is that its anime ( well its nothing like typical anime , which is probably why I'm enduring it lol . ) but the story is crazy interesting . Insane plot ! I'm so hooked ! ( falls under mystery crime category . ) 
< PROPMALE>'s Pointless Point of The Day II : If ever you find yourself in a situation you don't like , take comfort in the fact that the situation doesn't like you either . ;D 
Put in my two week notice of quiting grocery outlet ! Joy is on the horizon ! :D 
Beat Mass Effect 2 . RIP : < PROPFIRST > , Legion , Grunt . 
go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name . copy and paste this to your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
Just saw ' The Book of < PROPMALE>' with < PROPFIRST > . EXTREMELY good movie . Thank you < PROPFIRST > for getting us to see it ! :) 
Interpret the following line : \Amongst the confusion we turn to illusion . \"" 
' That's what you get when you let your heart win . Waaaoooaahhooo ! That's what you get when you let your heart win . Woaaaaahoooaaoah!' Yes I love Paramore ! And I'm not afraid to say it ! Been a fan for 5 years and counting ! :D 
' Come on get rhythm when you get the blues . ' ~ < PROPFIRST > Cash . 
Keep your feet on the ground when your head's in the clouds . 
Dear BECU , please delete my internet checking account . A random personage enjoyed a $14 ticket to a < PROPMALE > jon/billy < PROPFIRST > concert at my expense . I therefore would like to delete this account so that this personage will no longer amuse him or herself at the expense of my wallet . Thank you . 
Hey , don't write yourself off yet . It's only in your head you feel left out and looked down on . Just do your best . Do everything you can . And don't you worry what the bitter hearts are gonna say . ~ ' The Middle ' < PROPFIRST > Eat World 
' Stop , take some time to think . Figure out what's important to you . ' ~ Against Me ( I don't even listen to that band lol . But the song has a good point I think . ;) ) 
I shot the sheriff but I did not shoot the deputy ...... I pulled off some sweet ninja moves on him , he was such a noob . ;) 
I feel sorry for those of you who cannot apreciate the awesome talent of Silverstein . They are quite a band . 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! And to me as well of course . ;D 
' This union . A battle fought and lost . This union was not about the cost . ' ~ Silverstein , ' A Shipwreck in the Sand ' 
There you were under the street lights . And you're too drunk to notice that everyone is staring at you . You don't care what you like , the world is falling around you . You just have to see her , you just have see her . :) 
Thanks Everyone ! I did have a hapy birthday . :D 
Time to get healthy . Green smoothies here I come ! :D 
My grocery outlet career is ovah ! :D 
' Break away from everybody , break away from everything . If you don't like the way this place is take yourself to higher places . ' ~ Three Days Grace , Break 
Lol . People think they're actually smart . haha . That's a good one . 
Salute to the impaired desperation that is eating up the brain from the inside out . And just like anything else none of you have a clue of what I am talking about . Rhyme it , rhyme it . ;) 
There's more to living than being alive . ~ Anberlin . 
Desperate , but not hopeless . The clock strikes midnight in the murder city . 
Just watched Time Traveler's Wife , I love that movie . Though now I feel like I need a man cry . lol . 
Anberlin is awesome . 
I have just been reminded how awesome Halo 3 is . Boo and Ya . Booy and Ya 
The truth never set me free , so I did it myself . You can't be too careful anymore when all that is waiting for you won't come any closer , you have to reach out a little more . ~ Paramore 
Sometimes I give myself the creeps , sometimes my mind plays tricks on me . It all keeps adding up , I think I'm breaking up . Am I just paranoid , or am I just dumb ? ~ Green Day :D 
You call it fate , I'll call it < PROPFEMALE > . ~ Silverstein 
Life is good ! :D 
If love is a labor I'll slave till the end . ~ Rise Against , ' Swing Life Away ' 
Break away from everybody , break away from everything . If you don't like the way this place is take yourself to higher places . ~ Three Days Grace , ' Break ' 
People of the world , you are insane .... Not that you need a reminder or anything . ;p haha . 
Misery loves company . Why else would it throw so many pity parties ? It's either lonely and wants a hug or overbearing and annoying . hmmm ... 
< PROPFIRST > Hoerner , we're getting a band together . Who else wants in ? ;) 
Let's compare scars , I'll tell you who's is worse . Let's unwrite these pages and replace them with our own words . 
Not having a good day . 
Question with Boldness . Stand by the Truth . Speak without Fear . ~ Anonymous < PROPFIRST > Beck quote . 
Hooray ..... ( Idk . lol . ) 
I have quite a talent for making simple solutions complex it would seem . :/ This growing up thing sure is interesting . My 16 year old self would see no error in fighting fire with fire . But my 20 year old self is starting to realize that the goal is to put out the house fire . Not burn down the house faster to get it over with , but actually save what you can and put that fire out . 
You quote the good book when its conveniant , but you don't have the sense , no you don't have the sense . ~ Taking Back Sunday 
Ah yes . My world domination plans are coming along quite nicely . ;) 
Lol . That guy got hit in the head with a coconut ! 
For far too long these voices muffled by distances . It's time to come to our senses , up from the top . We give it all . Now there's a reason why I sing . So give it all . And its these reasons that belong to me . 
Wake up . 
Can you hear me ? Are you near me ? ~ < PROPFEMALE > , My Chemical Romance 
She never lets it go to her heart . She never lets it go that far . When they start talking , she starts walking right back to my heart . She never lets it go to heart . ~ < PROPMALE > Mcgraw ( oh yes , one of the classics . ;) ) 
It's just the price I pay for < PROPFEMALE > is calling me . Open up my eager eyes , cause I'm Mr Brightside . ~ The Killers . ( Yes I am totally posting a bunch of song lyrics ) 
Live everyday as if it were your last . :) 
Time to take a nap . 
This is a call to arms , gather soldiers it's time to go to war . This is a battle song , brothers and sisters time to go to war . ~ 30 Seconds To Mars , ' Vox Populi ' 
Du hast ... Du hast . * electric guitar * 
Looks like our 12 year old cat is dying right now . :( She's had a good run though . 
Watched ' The Fourth Kind ' last night . I now know without a shadow of a doubt that alien abductions consist of two things : Men and Satan . Sorry , there are no little green men involved as this movie will show with real documented footage . I'm so thankful for the priesthood in my life . 
You and me we're the same . Asking for more , more than the numbing existence offered us all . What did they say ? What did they do to make you crawl back in ? Despite everything that you've been through you're still right here . Where I left you . We can lift up our heads to the sky find all of those strings that they're pulling and keep from falling back into our old rhythmic poses . Turning us into machines . ~ Darkest Hour 
First official work day at Taco < PROPFEMALE > . Wish me luck ! 
Hello California ( in two weeks ! ) ! :D 
And one of these days we'll no longer betray ourselves in anyway . ~ Darkest Hour , Demons 
I am tiiired . And dizzy for some reason ... Awesome saturday . lol . ;) 
' Under pressure . Pushing down on me , pushing down on me . ' <---- Totally getting my < PROPFIRST > Bowie on . ;) 
THE BRACES ARE OFF ! :D 
I will not bow , I will not break . I will shut the world away , and I'll survive . 
OK , time to stop failing . It's time to get the game face on . Sorry guys , you are going to be schooled . Class is in session . Oh yes , you read it right . I did just say that . Boo-ya . ;) 
Everyone watch < PROPFIRST > Beck ! 
California countdown ! Better prepare myself here * plays beach boy music * 
Off to the < PROPFEMALE > of tacos . 
He doesn't look a thing like Jesus , but he talks like a gentlemen like you imagined when you were youuunngggg . When you were yaaaaooouunnnggg . ~ Killers , ' When you were young ' ( totally held the notes there . lol ) 
They will not force us . We will be victorious . ~ Muse 
I am not afraid to keep on living , I am not afraid to walk this world alone . < PROPFEMALE > if you stay you'll be forgiven . Nothing you can say can stop me from going home . ~ MCR 
Off to California tomorrow at 5 am . woohoo ! 
Half way to our destination ! Woohoo ! 12 hours of driving is intense . 
Enjoying the warm and oh so < PROPFEMALE > california . :) Sidenote : General Conference is awesome ! Between them and < PROPFIRST > Beck I have hope that many people will become sane . :D 
OK it's official , the sand dunes are awesome ! :D 
Disneyland yesterday with a side of sun burn . Today , california adventure with a side of more sun burn . lol . Bring it on ! Woo ! 
Experienced my first rip tide at redondo on friday . That was fun . Woohoo ! The water was crazy , probably from all the earthquakes . 
Albums I listened to from first to last song while traveling : Discovering the Waterfront ( Silverstein ) , A Shipwreck in the Sand ( Silverstein ) , Hook Me Up ( The Veronicas ) , Be Not Nobody ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ) , Liberation Transmission ( Lost Prophets ) , Overcome ( All That Remains ) , Never Take Friendship Personal ( Anberlin ) , This Addiction ( Alkaline Trio ) , Brand New Eyes ( Paramore ) . 
Watch < PROPFIRST > Beck ! I mean it ! 
No one likes a smarty pants . Hence no one likes me because I love these pants . They're great ! All purpose , and very comfy . ;D 
Into the wild ! On a mission * air guitar * ( yes it's a song . haha ) 
Today has the makings of a great day ! Why ? Because I say so ! ;D 
Good evening my fellow < PROPFEMALE > ns , < PROPFEMALE > nees , and Americonners . I have no idea what I just said , but I said it with a < PROPFIRST > Bush impersonation so that makes it funny . So laugh with me < PROPFEMALE > , laugh .... * silence * .... Crickets : ' Ha ha . Loser . ' .... I may have to rethink my jokes < PROPFEMALE > . 
I submit that the south park version of poker face is better than the real version of poker face . lol . 
Had a very good day . :) 
The man who does not understand himself understands very little . All answers and truths gained are void if a man does not know what is in his own heart . 
I am at some < PROPMALE > crossroads right now . 
It is becoming increasingly obvious to me that all these crazy people do not realize they are crazy . Hence I have to face the facts , look into the mirror and watch it very closely .... Wait . Does that make me crazy ?... 
Apparently fate has a sense of humor , < PROPFEMALE > , and irony all in one . So watch your step if you're against it . It may just school you kido . ;) 
Just got back from the dentist and my teeth are extra shiney . ;D 
Just on the phone with verizon for an hour ... I need a nap . lol 
Grr . Where did my sunshine go ? 
It's official I work at a fast food place . Got flipped off today at the drivethru . And right as he drove off I simply stuck my head out the window and shouted ' You're welcome . ' ;) 
\Lift up our heads to the sky . Find all those strings that they're pulling and keep from falling back . \ " ~ Darkest Hour " 
Breaking < PROPMALE > ! Live ! Tomorrow ! Woo ! \ 
Well it's techinically Nickelback , Shinedown , and Sick Puppies too . But it's Breaking < PROPMALE > that I'm stoked for ! 
Failure comes to those who fear it the most . 
If God's the game that you're playing we must get more aquainted . Cause it must be so lonely to be the only one that's holy . It's just my humble opinion but it's one that I believe in ; you don't deserve a point of view if the only one you see is you . ~ Paramore , ' Playing God ' 
30 Seconds to Mars tomorrow ! :D So excited ! Got my sibs tickets for their bdays , first concert for them ! Gonna be awesome ! 
30 seconds to mars ..... OH MY GOODNESS !! < PROPMALE > LETO ROCKS !!! AHH ! AMAZINGGGG !!!! 
The lawn uprising has been cut into submission . 
I love living . But I really need to go climb a mountain or something . ;) 
And tonight the concert to top things off . Yea , the < PROPFEMALE > on top of this awesome concert weekend .... PARAMORE !!! :D 
Totally found an amazing profile pic . ;D 
I've been looking , I've been looking for . I've been looking for something more . ( yes I quoted a country song . ;) ) 
My eyebrows ain't plucked , there's a gun in my truck . Oh thank God , I'm still a guy . ( do I even need to say who I'm quoting ? ;) ) 
Standing on the rooftops , waiting till the bomb drops . This is all we got now , scream until your heart stops . Never gonna regret , watching every sunset . Listen to your heart beat , holding on what we feel . Scream your heart out , scream your heart out . ~ The Lost Prophets , ' Rooftops ' <--- awesome song . 
Off to Taco < PROPFEMALE > I go ... Yeah I know . I'm the envy of the nation . ;) 
Had an awesome night last night . Danced with a live band . Sweetness ! And now I'm sick today . Woohoo ! 
Life is good ! All you doubters in your emo corners of poor me and boohoo my tears make a good beverage , you're missing out ! Woo ! 
Rise and rise again until lambs become lions . ~ < PROPFIRST > Hood 
If we do not know for a surety what we stand for we are very little men indeed . And we need fear every wind that blows our way . We know not the future for we know not ourselves . And if we cannot know ourselves we can know nothing with surety . 
I don't know why , but I am very excited for life right now . It is very likely the next time you see me with my face in the mudd I'll have a huge smile for no reason at all . \ 
I'm really not afraid anymore . I always had a shell to protect me from people . Keep me safe . But you know what ? There's about as much safety as happiness in there . And I want more . So farewell insecure comrads . I am one of you no longer . 
What did they say ? What did they do to make you crawl back in ? Despite all the things that you've been through , you're still right here .... ~ Darkest Hour , ' Demons'\ 
Music is poetry , poetry is the ultimate form of seeking and attempting to share understanding and meaning . Any who know not it's power know very little of learning or understanding . 
We have nothing to fear . Not even fear itself . Fear is just a little cat hissing and puffing up it's fur trying to act tougher than it is . And what happens when the cat is called on it's bluff ? It runs away . This is the same with fear . 
A-ha is awesome . Don't know who they are ? Look ' em up . ;) 
I wonder if in concert Bon Jovi picks one person to blame each show for giving love a bad name . ;D 
Ugh . Too much Taco < PROPFEMALE > in one sitting ... < PROPFIRST > Brown knows . lol . \ 
Not doing that again . But I liked it too much , it's dangerous I tell you ! lol . Carrot juice is going to be my best friend tomorrow . 
Need ,,,,, Car .... Must ..... DRIVE !... So .... Close ! 
I am not afraid to keep on living , I am not afraid to walk this world alone . < PROPFEMALE > if you stay you'll be forgiven , nothing you can say will stop me from going home . ~ Famous Last Words <------------------ Amazing song , if you don't know it you're missing out , look it up . ( band : My Chemical Romance ) 
24 Series finally tonight ! WOOT ! 
Note to everyone that got the dumb question on their wall , not me ! Stupid thing did it on it's own 
Can you hear me ? Are you near me ? ~ < PROPFEMALE > , MCR 
This nightmare won't last long . Are you scared to sing this song ? I'm right there by your side , and tonight we've got a < PROPMALE > . Sunrise sunset can you wash away the rain ? Sunrise sunset can you wash away the pain ? ~ ' The Last Sunrise ' , Aiden 
Just a small town girl , living in a lonely world . She took the midnight going anywhere . ( I love journey . ;D ) 
I look like I have some master scheme going on in my profile pic . Why ? Because I do . :o lol . ;) 
Conspiracy Theory will forever be one of my favorite movies . ' I love you baby , and if it's quite alright I need you baby through the lonely night . ' <-- ( you have to see the movie to know what I'm talking about . ;) ) 
But where's your heart ? But where's your heart ? But where's your . And I know there's nothing I can say to change that part . To change that part . To chaaaaaaannnnggge . * guitar * So many bright lights they cast a shadow , but can I speak ? Is it our understanding I'm incomplete ? <--- Awesome people know what this is from . ;) 
Dear Mother can you hear me laughing ? 
Dancing with myself uh uh uh oh . 
Green Day rock band this summer ... I'M SO GETTING IT ! WOO ! 
Just saw < PROPMALE > of Persia and I must say it was pretty sweet . :D 
The bright light beams from her eyes like broken glass . Or a broken heart . ~ Silverstein 
... On my own here we go . * guitar * 
Kingdom of Heaven bluray directors cut = Amazing . 
Do as I say not as I do because the * crap's so deep you can't away . I beg to differ on the contrary , agree with every word that you say . Talk is cheap and lies are expensive , my wallets fat and so is my head . Hit and run , and then I'll hit you again . A smart ass but I'm playing dumb . ~ Green Day , ' Walking Contradiction ' 
You can't handle the truth !..... You're hands are too small . ;) 
Life is an adventure . Don't live it in your shadow . 
The truth will set you free . But first it will make you miserable . ~ ( can't remember who said this ) 
Sorry , the ends don't justify the means . The means create the end and it will justify itself in the light of truth . 
This is a call to arms . Gather soldiers , time to go to war . This is a battle song , brothers and sisters time to go to war . 
New hair cut . Sorry people , my ' I touched the - and + ends of the car battery ' is no more . lol . ;) 
Even through the most dark of times I will always be happy in the simple truth that I am alive . I could never what it feels like to regret life . I love it too much . Even when it sucks . ;) 
Guy 1 : I'm sorry , but I can't apologize for being awesome . \ 
Guy 2 : But you just apologized for not apologizing . I'll take that as an apology . \ 
Guy 1 : I ... you ... er ..... Now you owe me an apology . \ 
Guy 2 : Why ? \ 
Guy 1 : For hurting my feelings . \ 
Guy 2 : ...... 
Sing me something soft sad and elegant , or loud and out of key . Sing me anything . We're glad with what we've got , done with what we've lost . Our whole lives laid out right in front of me . Sing like you think no one's listening . You would kill for this , just a little bit . Just little bit . You would . You would . 
Declaration to the insane .... Hi . 
In a land of make believe that don't believe in me . ~ Green Day 
Can you hear the music ? 
Feeling the righteous pain after a glorious paintball day . ;D 
Near , far , where ever you are . I believe that the heart does go on . 
I smell like tacos .... No really , I do . I'm not joking . 
She's the last of the amercian girls . 
Saw Toy Story 3 and it was great . lol . Brings back memories . 
Here's a story it's sad but true about a girl that I once knew . She took my heart and ran around with every single guy in town .... Hey hey , umbadadada hey hey , umbadadada hey hey . <----- Name this amazing song if you dare . ;) 
Life is a gift and we cannot offer a greater gift . But we can offer a gift that compliments the first beyond measure . So I'll share with you my gift . I'll share with you my life . And I am most grateful for everyone being apart of it . My heart is full . This is the greatest adventure and I cannot hide my joy . :) 
Dance away the night with me . Don't look , don't think . Just feel and see . 
This is a warning , live without warning . 
Long work day over , I'm pumped ! * falls over * .... * snore * 
It makes me want to shout ! A little bit softer now , a little bit softer now . Aye ooo ehh aye ! 
Canadian independance day is clearly a taco < PROPFEMALE > holiday as well . ;) 
I give it all . Now there's a reason why I sing . So give it all , and it's these reasons that belong to me . Today I offer up myself to this I'm living for my dying wish . I give it all . Now there's a reason , there's a reason to give it all . ~ Rise Against ' Give it all ' 
It is a hard thing to teach a man he has a heart when he cannot feel it beat within his chest . 
Dear Cigarettes , why are you around every corner I turn and in the face of nearly everyone ? Dear Cigarettes , I hate you ! You make me choke . Get away from my fresh air ! And Mr Booze . You'll get your lecture later . 
Message to all the shallow hearts ..... I love you . Now grow up . ;D 
I got a dollar tip at work today in the drivethru for being entertaining . lol . I love my job . 
I submit that being awesome is a choice . Not a condition . <----- This message brought to you by THE TRUTH . ( don't forget the caps . ;) ) 
Profile pic curtousy of ' < PROPFEMALE>' ( aka < PROPFEMALE > my sister . ) Love you sis . ;) 
Hello , I've waited here for you everlong . <---- good song . ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > la living . ( everyone panicing and running in 20 directions ) < PROPFEMALE > la living . ;) 
We choose who we are , we choose who we will become . Do not make your choices lightly or the outcome is out of your hands . There are those who act and those who are acted upon . Don't let your life pass by without ever knowing who you are . If you look in the mirror and see a stranger , stretch forth a hand of integrity and know that person . For we are our choices . 
Oh my goodness .... Inception . 10 out of 10 . Best movie I've ever seen . Wow . It was brilliant . I'll be suprised if it doesn't win some awards or at least nominated . 
You've lost your minds . I was honest I never promised anything . Just a brotherhood to stand for something . And even if they disagree , follow your dreams . If you don't try you fail . ~ Silverstein , ' A Shipwreck in the Sand ' 
They're gonna clean up your looks with all the lies in the books and make a citizen out of you . Because they sleep with a gun , and keep an eye on you son so they can watch all the things you do . 
If we can't learn from what we've done we'll never know what we've done , and what we're doing . And surely we'll be trodden under by any enemy who knows exactly what he's doing . <------ Sun Su , you didn't write this , but think about putting it in your book ok ? ;) 
We were the Kings and Queens of Promise . We were the Victims of Ourselves . ~ 30 Seconds to Mars 
What did they say , what did they do ? To make you crawl back in . Despite everything that you've been through you're still right here ... Where I left you . We could lift up our heads to the sky . Find all of those strings that they're pulling . To keep from falling back into our old rhythmic poses turning us into machines . ~ Darkest Hour , ' Demons ' 
Alone in a crowded room ... * sigh * Story of my life . I am a pioneer on the road less traveled it would seem . I know who I am and I am unashamed . Not many people can say that these days and I didn't know that . But here I am and here I stand . And I declare in strength there is a God in Heaven that loves his children . He has not forsaken us , nor will he ever . Wake up and remember who you are . 
I fell apart and got back up again . 
And I'm not alone . With the touch of your hand I am whole again . ~ All That Remains . ( awesome song ) 
Little girl , little girl why are you crying ? Inside your restless soul your heart is dying . 
If you don't stand for something you'll fall for anything . Legs cannot work if they are never used . 
Walking Birch Bay at 11 pm is pretty awesome , not gonna lie . So peaceful and quiet by the water . 
People are quite funny , not gonna lie . In not telling you something they tell you everything , and the last person to know that is that one person that ' didn't ' tell you anything . lol . \ 
Oh when will I find a worthy opponent to have an epic jedi mind trick dual with ? ;p haha 
I walk this empty street , on the boulevard of broken dreams . Where the city sleeps , and I'm the only one and I walk alone . * guitar * 
Dear people , it is coming to my attention how much you are not aware of your insanity and it is quite disturbing . I may start making preparations to survive the zombie apocalypse in which you will take part and I have no intention of letting you eat my brains . Sincerely , Jonathan\ 
P . S if there are any humans out there you're welcome to join me in my anti \ 
zombie castle ( complete with fiery moat and chainsaw barricade ) 
And I leave behind this hurricane of *( messed up ) lies . ~ Green Day 
Countdown to Road trip . Me and < PROPFIRST > are going to Yellowstone . Leaving Saturday morning . :) 
I will not be online the 11th through the 26th . Yes a true vacation . :) \ 
So facebook I bid farewell come Saturday . :) 
In the spirit of Adventure and Conquering that resides in the souls of all man , I and my elder brother set forth . Farewell People ! Life is what YOU make it ! \ 
We Shall Return When We Return . 
Dear Halo Reach , you're beautiful ... And I love you . 
\I want to break every clock . The hands that turned will never move again . We could stay in this moment for the rest of our lives . Oh is it over now ? Hey . Is it over now ? I want to be your last first kiss that you'll ever have . I want to be your last first love . I want to be your last first kiss . \"" 
In the day everything's complex . There's nothing simple , when I'm not around you . But I miss you when you're gone . That is what I do . ~ The Cranberries , ' When You're Gone ' 
' It was the roar of the crowd that gave me heartache to sing . It was a lie when they smiled and said you won't feel a thing . Beneath the obvious scene we'll show them what we all mean . And if I'm so wrong how can you listen all night long ? ' ~ My Chemical Romance , ' Disenchanted ' 
The truth will set you free . But first it is going to make you miserable . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . ( either < PROPMALE > or < PROPMALE > , but I think it was < PROPMALE >.) 
I'd stop the world and melt with you . I'd stop the world and yeah it's getting better all the time . There's nothing you and I won't do . I'll stop the world and melt with you . 
B . Y . U ....... Branded Young people Unite . Wait ..... < PROPFIRST > You're Ugly ..... No wait .... Buy Your Union . :O ! lol . I think I'm on to something here . Rexberg is a dating service after all . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > don't you deny it ! ;) lol 
Hearsay is the Jedi mind trick of the century . Be sober in your judgments . Be smart . 
Anyone who wants to join my awesome train feel free . But leave behind \ 
your crazy ! No crazy fool allowed on my awesome train ! Unless it's my \ 
kind of crazy that is . Then we may make an exception . This is not a \ 
double standard because < PROPMALE>'s kind of crazy = Awesome . So it makes \ 
perfect sense . ;) 
Oh ye that sleep in thy slumber shall never see the sword of thy slaughter . 
If you haven't realized you're insane yet you most certainly are . 
As it will be in the future , it was at the birth of Man . There are only four things certain since Social Progress began . \ 
That the Dog returns to his Vomit and the Sow returns to her Mire . \ 
And the burnt Fool's bandaged finger goes wobbling back into the Fire ; And that after this is accomplished , and the brave new world begins . \ 
When all men are paid for existing and no man must pay for his sins . 
< PROPFEMALE > Hartsock and myself are in the new Thirty Seconds to Mars video ' Closer To The Edge ' for about 3 seconds . It's not long .... But still . WOOOO ! My face was on TV . :D haha 
Good eye sniper . I shoot , you run . 
It's official . My unofficial official fan club now has an avenue for their good tastes . ;D lol . Booya ! 
Now I'm not saying I'm sorry . One day I hope we meet again . No ! No ! No ! I will never regret . No ! No ! I will live my life . ~ 30 Seconds to Mars , Closer to the edge 
By their fruits ye shall know them . 
Ode to the joys of life and all that comes with it . :) Not always fun , but it's good for us . 
Life is good and awesome ! :D And I go back to work in 10 hours ! Woot ! 
I saw the social network last night . Pretty good movie . Very interesting to see some history behind this site of the facebook . ;) 
A good friend is going to comfort you and tell you what you want to hear in times of trouble . A true friend is going to be there with alert soberness and tell you what you need to hear and raise alarm or caution if in danger . So are we seeking good or true friends ? Which are we being ? What affect do we have on our friends by the kind of friend we are , and what affect do they have on us ? 
Bright days lie ahead . :) 
' He said son when you grow up will you be the savior of the broken ? The beaten and the damned ? He said , will you defeat them ? Your demons , and all the non believers ? The plans that they have made . ' <---- name the song 
Another day has been conquered by the great < PROPMALE > of the Hartsock clan . Wannabees and haters , I love to disappoint you . Booya ! ;D 
Dearly beloved are you listening ? I can't remember a word that you were saying . Are we demented or am I disturbed ? The space that's in between insane and insecure . Nobody's perfect and I stand accused , for lack of a better word and that's my best excuse . 
Tonight the sky above reminds me how to love . Walking through winter time , and the stars all shine .... The angel on the stairs will tell you I was there . 
Captains log , Diet Day 19 . \ 
The Taco < PROPFEMALE > smelled very good today , and was very determined to lure the monies from my wallet as well as the self control of my being . I am glad to report that the adversary to my soul and dear friend to my love handles did not prevail . Day 20 is in sight , oh the sweet smell of freedom . :) 
When the Cambrian measures were forming , They promised perpetual peace . \ 
They swore , if we gave them our weapons , that the wars of the tribes would cease . \ 
But when we disarmed They sold us and delivered us bound to our foe , \ 
And the Gods of the Copybook Headings said : \Stick to the Devil you know . \"" 
Sometimes pretending to be happy is the highest level of bliss realized by humanity . It is unfortunate and tragic ... No illusion or high in the human mind can make up for the absence of joy . Joy is founded in truth . He who loves a lie can love nothing greater for all greater things are beyond his reach . 
I hope you never fear those mountains in the distance . Never settle for the path of least resistance . Promise me that you'll give faith a fighting < PROPMALE > . And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance ... Dance . I hope you dance . 
Power to the underground music ! Heck yes ! 
Gah !.... Don't ask , the person knows who they are . lol . Yes I'm going GAh at you ! ;p lol 
I curse you ancient pc and your inability to handle my awesome music maker ! Sadness . 
This is more than entertainment , in this world so sick with pain . ~ Rise Against 
All I wanted was you . All I wanted was you . ~ Paramore 
We reap what we sow ..... So don't get mad at me for loving my reapings ! Take some notes if you like my garden , don't go hating . ;D 
Happy Thanks giving everyone ! May we take this time to remember the goodness our God has given us , and the many blessings and mercies he has shown on this great nation . Let us always be thankful for present and past as we build a bright future with humble hands . :) 
' So say you'll share with me one love , one lifetime . ' Yes , I was totally singing this song from phantom of the opera today .... sort of .... I'd like to think I was singing it . lol 
' Crash crash burn , let it all burn . This hurricane's chasing us all underground . ' 
Got the new My Chemical Romance CD ! Heck yes ! 
Rise and rise again until lambs become lions . 
What's with everyone's cartoon profile pics ? Did I miss something ? lol 
This is my official act against childhood abuse on facebook ( and it's more effective than a cartoon picture ) . Ok here it goes ....... Don't punch babies . You wouldn't like being punched as a baby let alone an adult . So don't take things out on another person let alone an innocent child . It's wrong . \ 
There we go . I think that sums its up . 
We are aware and know the hearts of fellow man . So let us act as such and help our brothers to stand . And now we offer this small bit of wisdom . The heart it came from will set you on your way . Ignorance will crush us , \ 
destroy all that we have . So let us rejoice that the power's in our \ 
hands . To shape us and make us keepers of fellowman . So let us rejoice \ 
that the power's in our hands . ~ All That Remains 
It has been proven that 15 minutes of air guitar everyday increases your natural < PROPFIRST > flow . 
My new lap top is awesome . :D 
And now the crossroads .... Vocals or no vocals ? hmmm . 
So Dark The Con of Man ... 
Phantom of the opera music .... enough said . Legit is legit . ;) 
What did they say ? What did they do ? To make you crawl back in . Despite everything that you've been through you're still right here . 
crazy crazy crazy life . To the point where all I can say in response is ... Woo ! Again again ! Woo ! Oh yeah ! Woo ! < PROPFEMALE > totally digs me . lol . 
Haha Seahawks win . Woot . 
Say Beatles I say Beethoven . Haha . I win . 
Life is good despite the amount of monkeys flinging poop at you . ;) 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Farro left Paramore last month and I somehow didn't know until now . This has been building up for a while , but now that the founders of the band have left tis very sad . It will be interesting to see what happens now . Paramore will not be the same . 
Dude , I'm spying on my house via Google Satellite imaging . It's sweet !.... should I be worried ? :o 
Gravity don't mean too much to me . I'm who I've got to be . These pigs are after me , after you . Run away , like it was yesterday . When we could run away , run away from here . ~ MCR Bullet Proof Heart 
So I made a twitter < PROPFEMALE > and what do I with it ? Poke and prod random celebrities and see if any respond . Also I challenged < PROPFIRST > Swift to play Halo . lol . Or the < PROPFIRST > Swift poser , either way I challenged a < PROPFIRST > Swift entity to play Halo . lol 
Facebook makes it too easy to mess with people sometimes . lol . 
Run away . From the river to the sea . And find out that your face is down inside the gutter . You're a stray from the salvation army . There ain't no place like home when you got no place to go . ~ Green Day 
<---- Woah , look at my midget self ! My ears are huge . See this is why I can hear high pitch rings . ;) lol 
Running out of blood to bleed . Sorry vampires . 
Pop music is brain wash . I'm copying and pasting lyrics to prove it . Tonight's conspirator < PROPFEMALE > Spears . She's a big deal for reason . Cultural tendencies are such fragile things , very easy to condition a mind set in young generations . < PROPFEMALE > and her club get 5 stars tonight in this regard due to how accepted her music's ideology is as human nature in today's young minds . Brava . 
Wow it's < PROPFEMALE > out .... Party ! lol 
Music is awesome ! 
Thanks for all the happy birthdays guys . Sorry I really didn't check my wall until just now . lol 
New song up . ZS10 . 1 word . Zombies . :o lol 
At some point in our history reason became madness and madness became reason . The main thing that sucks is that a lot people still don't care . 
I hate to burst your bubble everyone but . What you do today decides who you are tomorrow . You can deny it and dismiss it but you will always prove it right in the end . So how about we start being honest with ourselves ? Excuses only buy us more time in denial which in effect places us in the chains of slavery forever serving our habits . Let's be honest with ourselves everyone . 
Well it's official . I have been called to serve in the Knoxville Tennessee Mission . :) 
Some things in this world are just gross ... I will refrain from saying what in order to not offend anyone ... This time . ;) Muwhahaa ! 
I think I just pieced together my first symphony on the piano today . :) 
Each year one vicious habit discarded , in time might make the worst of us good . ~ Benjamin < PROPMALE > 
Principle is what speaks through time . Opinion's will remain opinions , \ 
and facts will remain facts as men's perception and awareness of them continue to vary . ~ Me 
Ancestor quote of the day : \When you are winning a war almost everything that happens can be claimed to be right and wise . \ " ~ < PROPMALE > Churchill " 
When everything's made to be broken . I just want you to know who I am ... 
Ancestor quotes of the day ( I couldn't choose just one ! lol ) \ 
\ 
\Clothes make the man . Naked people have little or no influence on society . \ " \ 
People will continue to be people ... Therefore I will continue to be a mad genius . ;D 
Countdown to Three Days Grace ... :o 
One day , I will meet my match . One day ... lol . 
Apparently < PROPFEMALE > has a spanish cousin , and her name is < PROPFEMALE > black . lol 
Holy Crapshakes ! < PROPFEMALE > Black is making money . Turns out it does grow on Trees ! :D 
I'm Mr Bright Side ! 
Crazy train ..... crazy crazy crazy .... train .... It's a very crazy train . Preach it Ozzy . 
DALLIS IS OFF HIS MISSION , HOLY PIZZARONI !.... Yeah I don't get the pizzaroni thing either . lol 
Hide your body when the sunlight dies . Everybody hide your body from the scarecrow ... Everybody hide . 
ok I have no idea what it was I just deleted off my wall , but sorry people . 
March 27th , 2011 . 21st year of life . \ 
Dear Journal , it would appear the byu zombie horde is taking interest random objects . A Cube cult has sprouted on the grid and is taking hold . This will buy me some time , but their hunger for brains will not be ignored forever . They've almost finished their own . Evac to Knoxville will commence in 2 months . I hope I can survive this outbreak , it's getting dicey . 
My Chemical Romance is awesome . 
Talents are earned . There is no cosmic or any form of coincidence in the fruit of sown seeds . If you believe you cannot achieve something or see yourself incapable , it will not be your abilities or inabilities that hold you back . Only the faith you never had in your own hands ... And that is why you fail . Talents are earned . ~ < PROPMALE > Hartsock 
Rock band 3 is sweeeet . However . Circles are still cooler than lines . Hence I submit Rock band buys out guitar hero for copyright of it's circles .... lol 
I saw an angel ... of that I'm sure . :) 
My sister is engaged ........ And I'm leaving in a little over a month .... Holy smoked crackers over chili batman . We're growing up . lol . 
I love phantom of the opera music .... That's right , I'm listening to it right now . All I ask of you . :D 
< PROPMALE > Zimmer was totally in a 80's band . The guy is legit . lol . 
< PROPFEMALE > is the icon of binge drinking .... That's about it . lol 
< PROPMALE > Tennessee is within my mission boundries ! For those of you don't know why I think that's freaking cool , it's cool because < PROPMALE > Tennessee is the hometown of Paramore . :D 
2 More songs to finish ... So close . 
A million little pieces we've broken into ... <--- Name that song . And for those of you who know it already because of me you can't answer . lol . 
Can't learn if you don't listen . 
At this point of the game Osama live or dead makes little , actually NO DIFFERENCE . His employer/puppeteer remains anonymous and not looked for in the public eye . Still a bright sunshine filled day on their side of the fence . What ? You don't think he did what he did on his own incentive and resources did you ? 
Now everybody do the propaganda ! And sing along to the age of paranoia . * Electric guitar * Welcome to a new kind of tension , all across the alien nation , everything isn't meant to be okay . Television dreams of tomorrow , we're not the ones who are meant to follow . For surely that's enough to argue . 
