Four . No , five . No , wait , FIRE ! 

Dialing 999 won't get you the emergency services , so remember the new number ! 0118 999 88199 9119 725 3 
is watching < PROPMALE > Potter and the Goblet of Fire . I'm skipping over the bad parts though ... which is most of the movie . 
I need to read Atlas Shrugged , but I keep getting disstracted . 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Reading Fanfiction . 
Who is < PROPFIRST > Galt ? 
I got my license ! 
getting ready for my college trip ! 
Out to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and our families . 
I'm in Indiana ! 
I'm home ! 
Which came first , the phoenix or the flame ? 
just rearranged her entire room 
going to pick up my cousin from the airport ! 
Good Night . I need to go to sleep so I'm not tired for Canobie Lake tomorrow . 
Going to Maine ! 
has Blood Promise and a free day to read . Perfect :D 
Went to Wheel of Fourtune , then had lunch at Castle Island , and then went to the drive-in to see District 9 and Inglorious Bastards . Today was a great day ! 
Summer Reading :/ 
Some Like it Hot ! :) 
Is it bad that my trash bag is a Barnes and < PROPMALE > plastic bag ? 
funfunfun 
Relay carnival tomorrow ! :D 
Antigone essay 
Writing my college essay . 
I'm dead from swimming . 
That house was like pepto-bismol pink , only purple . 
might just go to sleep now ... oh wait , theatre 
is heading to Carnegie Mellon tomorrow . I'll be back tuesday . 
Still needs to do homework , at least Assassins stuff is done . =D 
Assassins Tomorrow ! =D 
Catching up on my tv shows 
SATs :( 
didn't get much sleep last night because she's sick . Stupid fever go away ! 
see amazing , beautiful 
It is now time to goof off ! 
I really need to try oreos dipped in peanut butter . 
is going to college ! 
New < PROPFEMALE > then sleep over ! 
Does anyone have season three of Lost that I can borrow ? 
Wake up in the morning feeling like Jenn Schirmer . 
Quite an eventful birthday . Just anther reason not to drink and drive . 
Is going to Carnegie Mellon ! 
Celabratory Dinner/Scavenger Hunt tonight ! Can't wait ! :D 
Party at < PROPFEMALE>'s!!!! 
my family now owns six cars . Why ? I have no idea . 
IT takes a great deal of courage to stand up to your enemies , but a great deal more to stand up to your friends . 
So there are two scholarships for Memorial and only one for Brookside . Proof that Memorial is better ? I think so . 
School + Track + Tech Week + Tons of Homework = No Time for Sleep 
The auditorium really is haunted . 
If you want to know what a man's like , take a good look at how he treats his inferiors , not his equals . 
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain . 
Getting ready for manhunt . Is it bad that I checked the phase of the < PROPFEMALE > and the weather in order to figure out the visibillity tonight ? 
Yes Amazon , I really do want to read < PROPFEMALE > Mia and the Magical Koala , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and the Baby Panda , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and the Lion Cub or < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and the Fluffy Guinea Pig . Those are clearly my favorite books . 
Today went from a day where I had nothing planned to a day where I spent at least twelve hours with my friends . 
Not doing anything . I may go to Barnes and < PROPMALE > just to occupy myself . 
The End ? 
Had a fun evening in Boston ! 
Six Flags with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Gallivanting with the girls later ! 
Stayed up til four in the morning reading . Whoops . 
I had a fun time at the pawsox . Except for the fact that there were these really loud and annoying kids that sat right next to us . 
Toy Story 3 was amazing ! 
Off to Barnes and < PROPMALE > to relieve the boredom . 
Boredom is an emotional state experienced during periods lacking activity . 
Six Flags ! 
Work 7-7 . 
Going to the beach with the girls tomorrow ! 
Got my room mate ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter and the Half Blood < PROPMALE > . 
It was blood yellow ! 
Got my AP scores ! Did better then I expected on all of them except physics . 
I want to do something ... 
Ice Cream ! 
Is there anything to do in < PROPMALE > that doesn't cost money ? 
Had a fun time camping . 
I never thought a black and white , side-scroller game could be really graphic . 
Lilith fair was great ! 
Going to the two best places in the world . Disney and Hogwarts ! 
Going to talk to a doctor in Boston about my weird blood work , and probably get my blood drawn for about the twentieth time this year . 
Getting my braces off today ! 
Beach with the girls . 
I love CMU ! 
Whitewater rafting today ! 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . the world was a wicked good movie ! 
Donated blood ! 
I hate being sick ! 
The fence is now pink ! 
Why am I always so hungry ? 
Studing for Calc . 
This is my cousin and my sister in law . 
loves monkeys with the strong fiery passion of a thousand burning suns . It's a huge fetish , and a problem . Don't laugh , I'm seeking therapy . 
Thank you fire alarm for going off at twelve thirty when I still have an essay to write . 
PB and J and then sleep . 
Mech E lab is not due until monday ! My week just got so much better ! 
< PROPFIRST > Papale : You only have four hours a night to ... \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Flores : Conceive a person ? 
Mech E homework , why do you have to be so annoying . 
Nap time . 
I like it on the couch . 
?????? 
Gotta love when you understand all of your calc homework up until the very last problem . Then you spend a good hour working on it and it still doesn't make sense . Makes you so confident for the exam tomorrow . 
Calc Exam ... 
So glad I don't have classes tomorrow ! 
I want < PROPMALE > and cheese but I'm too lazy to make it myself . 
Soccer ! 
Please , join me in putting this in your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by velociraptors . It's time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up forvicious sport . Velociraptors are , after all , kind of unstoppable . Pleaseshow support for families of victims , though for the victims it's most likely too late . ? 
Snapple and then sleep ! =D 
I hate migraines . Oh well , off to take a nap . 
Finally finished homework . Just in time to register for spring classes . 
Pretty satisfied with the < PROPMALE > Potter movie overall . Now off to bed . 
Sleep ? Who needs that ? 
Sleep ! In my bed at home ! 
Not feeling well . Sleep I guess . 
Octopus doesn't start with the letter E . 
Flying back to Pittsburgh today ! 
Decorating the tree in our lounge ! 
\There's white fluff falling from the sky ! \ " < PROPFEMALE > Flores " 
Studying for my first final tomorrow . 
SNOW !!! 
Sleep . Physics final in the morning . 
Done with the physics final , had brunch with the girls , and had a snow fight with my friends on the way home . I'm now wearing comfy pants and no finals until friday . I think it's a good time to relax and read . :) 
Sleep ? I think so . 
Sleep . Last final tomorrow . 
SNOW ! Again . 
Watching Mean Girls while cleaning my room and packing . 
Finished packing . Just a couple hours left of being in Pittsburgh . 
Finished a book , watched some Death Note . I'd call that a pretty productive first night home . 
To bed with me . Work in the morning :( 
It does not feel like 7:00 , it feels more like midnight . 
Starcraft ? I think so . 
Christmas shopping with my siblings . 
It's white fluffing , a lot . 
Finished Death Note ! 
\Those stuffed people make me uncomfortable ! \"- Jenna " 
I was kidnapped tonight and forced to participate in an \awkward family photo\ " with my friends . I was then allowed to eat at panera before being subjected to a mind fuck more commonly known as Black Swan . " 
Finished Ender's Game . Enjoyed it immensely . 
Off to a doctors appointment in Boston . 
Packing for my flight tomorrow ! 
Watched The L word for the first time . 
Eating snow with syrup , watching anime in class , and sliding through slush for fun on the way to and from campus . 
Just owned experimental chem homework ! 
Snow ! 
Lots of flannel ! 
Starcraft 2 party ! 
Fire alarm at nine this morning . I went to bed at seven thirty . Also I completely forgot to put shoes on before I went outside . All and all a fun morning . 
Sore throat and over six hours of class . 
Sick , been throwing up since two and the only thing I keep thinking is that I don't have time to be sick I need to do 15-110 homework . 
Just finished all of the solo parts of 15-110 ! 
Going to retrieve my life from the lost and found ! 
There seems to be snow everywhere but Pittsburgh . It confused me greatly that it was actually raining today . 
FLANNEL ! 
Finished knights and knaves with only some slight issues ! 
