i hate having insomnia . every friday i work until 3:30 am and i cant go to sleep on sat nite . at least i am making a little money though . 

holy crap i made a damn facebook ... 
Today is starting off much better , i think i will stick around a while and see how this whole LIFE shit pans out .... ;) 
finally got all my fin aid stuff done , get my loans and my grants in a week ! thank god ! 
CRAP CRAP CRAP CRAP CRAP CRAP CRAP !!!!! i forgot that sept 19th is national talk like a pirate day ! how did i not have that saved in my phone ? wth ? now i have to wait another whole year !!!! i am so sad ..... :( 
starting to get over the fact that i missed national talk like a pirate day , getting ready for school and work today . have a good one ! 
so i ended up being at work till 4:45 . gotta love the bar rush ! 
hey , just wanted to let everyone know that i lost my cell phone , so if you dont mind please send me your phone < PROPFIRST > in a personal message , cuz otherwise i wont be calling you ever again :) 
well happy new years , im not stayin up for this crap . 
I got the job at cracker barrell ! whooo ! 
man last nite was long ! but i feel so much better going to work knowing that i will eventually be able to pay all my bills and maybe even have a little left over afterward . 
If any man will come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross daily , and follow me . For whosoever will save his life shall lose it : but whosever will lose his life for my sake , the same shall save it . For what is a man advantaged , if he gain the whole world , and lose himself , or be cast away ? -Jesus Christ of Nazareth < PROPMALE > 9:23 -25 
I have become an spiritual insurgent ! 
Everything Ive loved is just a memory . Stripped of every ounce of self respect , drag me to my knees . Cover me in ash , curse the day that i was born . Release me from this living death welcome oblivion . -The Nodes of Ranvier 
Battered , Broken , But not afraid . know i had prosperity , ive tasted defeat . blow by blow this world has crushed my dreams ....... Battered , broken , but not afraid . battered , broken , but not afraid . im battered and broken but this life will be restored . -The Nodes of Ranvier 
The Lord is risen my friends ! He has walked among us today , He has shown us the holes in His hands , let us put our fingers in the wound in His side . Today all things are made new in Christ Jesus . May you walk with Him today that He may renew you . My loved ones , i long for all of you , that i could be with you on this day of exalted joy . May the Lord watch over you and keep you until i see you all again . 
i dont care if u call him god , allah , yahweh , adonai , elohym , christ , yeshua , dios , ting , deus , theos , spirit of the universe , higher power , universal concience , it doesnt matter . I AM is almighty , all-merciful , all-loving , and I AM is amazing . I AM is working in my life , driving me forward , and all i can do is to press forward into the future with an overwhelming awe and wonder . 
what an unbelievably beautiful day ! 
Before the soul was reincarnated into this body , into this time and place , it was basking above in rays of Godliness . And it comes into this world for 1 reason only , that it may bring light into the darkness , that it may take the darkness of this world and make it light ! - Matisyahu , Live at Stubbs 
Lets do this , im a cashew ! 
Just a few more < PROPMALE > assignments and spring semester is over ! Cant wait for summer , its gonna be awesome ! 
Im hungry , i think im gonna have some spagettioes when i get home ..... Mmmmmm ..... Spagettioes ...... :) 
ok , i gave in and finally had a cracker barrel employee breakfast . It was like $3 with my discount and frickin delicious ! Holy crap ! I guess when u cook it all day u forget that its food , tasty tasty food ... :) 
Officially changed my < PROPMALE > to psych and my minor to hist today . From there i can get a masters of div and a masters of psych . Feelin good . 
One Ummah will be at the Recovery at the Capitol Event on Wednesday the 19th , hope to see you there . I will be running a booth that was provided courtesy of Surrounded By Recovery and my good friend < PROPFIRST > Wonder . all praise and < PROPFEMALE > to God . \ 
Grace and Peace . 
The Surrounded By Recovery event , Recovery at the Capitol , was rescheduled to Friday the 21st , because I work 5am-2pm I will be unable to work the One Ummah booth . However , I appreciate the opprotunity that < PROPFIRST > gave me to be a part of the event . 
Please put this on your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of MURDERING SCUM . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour 
God im on my knees ! suffering ! is this all i am ? please , feel my pain lift me , hold me close to your heart . God - You - Are- All i have ! Your - Love - Is- What sustains me ! \ 
\ 
-War of Ages 
so , apocolypse now is possibly one of the greatest movies ever , started it last nite , finished it this morning , frickin amazing . The Horror ...... The Horror ...... 
i want ice cream .... :) 
i cant believe how tasty fries and a chocolate shake are together ! its amaz-z-zing ! 
on the phoenix throne ! Death becomes Life ! \ 
-death and rebirth , the phoenix throne , dead to fall 
plotting a Grand Adventure to California to visit old comrades . 
started at home work out regime , frickin killer , nice to know i havent lost it completely tho . Feelin really good , and really sore , something i have missed for a long time :) wish i still had kimmyku and his bro for workout partners . 
Reconnected with an old friend of my from another life . good to know that all of my past isnt just a twisted mess . God is pretty amazing . 
wow ! I fell asleep at 430pm ysterday and woke up at 430am today ! Thats ridiculous ! Guess ive just been runnin myself ragged this last week or so . I feel amazing today though . Ready for another great day and maybe some crazy adventures too ;) 
i have spread my dreams beneath your feet , tread softly , for you tread upon my dreams . -yeats 
I got a call yesterday confirming that , as long as i can afford a flight to NY , I am going to < PROPMALE > in January . The trip is almost free through the < PROPMALE > i Government and a Jewish orginization called < PROPMALE > Birth Right . I am frickin stoked . 
Invictus - by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Henley 
mom and sis are home safe in california , had a blast hangin out with them , go back to work thurs , lookin forward to tnl tomorrow and relaxing weds . Funny how good life can be . 
so , 430am is still a sucky time to wake up for work . Going on vacation and sleeping in till 830am didnt change that at all . ( and , yes , 830am is sleeping in to me . Sad , i know . ) 
rush at redrocks ! Need i say more ? Amazing ! 
first day of class today ! Whoo ! School rocks ! Never thought i would say anything like that ... 
Got my birth certificate in the mail and now i can get my passport ! one step closer to < PROPMALE > THIS WINTER ! whoo ! man im stoked , this is gonna be frickin awesome ! 
greatness is achieved through bold acttion . -mom 
... i am the master of my fate , i am the captain of my soul . 
The 6 P's: Perfect Practice Prevents Piss Poor Performance ... i frickin love it . 
having an entire day off was amazing ! My entire apartment is clean ! Im so happy and relaxed ! God is awesome ! 
happy rosh hashana everybody , may God inscribe your name in the book of life for another year , may your year be full of peace and happiness ! Shalom ! 
< PROPFEMALE > festival ! Whoo ! 
irish/scottish festival kicked ass ! 
< PROPMALE > is almost in my grasp ! Just gotta book the flight to ny and pick the exact dates ! Whoo ! This is gonna be ba . 
expendables kicked ass ! 
ive lived , ive died , ive done it all a thousand times , and i dont regret a thing ive done , this time was mine to have ! -Unearth , In the Eyes of Fire 
its amazing how life can sometimes seem so complicated , but i can always find beautiful periods of serenity : an hour at the gym , a couple hours under the needle getting a new tattoo , writing a new song on my guitar , working on my oil painting . Small pieces of nirvana , bliss , that i can seize for a few minutes , an hour or two . God has truly blessed me , has truly blessed humanity . 
Through a series of minor disappointments this week i have come to realize how blessed i am with the friends i have made in my life . I know what really matters and i know who will be there . I have been told i will be able to count my true lifelong friends on 1 hand , and if i am honest with myself i can fill the fingers of that hand with tried , tested and proven friends . Thats pretty cool to me . 
no room for regret , no time for remorse . -reptile lord , the phoenix throne , dead to fall . 
new mission : reduce swearing to an absolute minimum . Im notso concerned with completely eliminating swear words from my vocabulary , but my vocabulary is quite extensive and i feel i would better convey my points if i expanded on the words and terms that come to me so easily that are of a higher order . 
If there was a single day i could live ... A single breath i could take ... I'd trade all the others away .... I'd trade all the others away ... 
im goin , goin , back , back , to cali , cali . Im goin back to cali ! Im gonna be in town from the 20th of november until the 30th . Hit me up if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out ! Word son ! 
pretty tired today , but gonna pull through , gotta go to the gym for at least 2 hours today ! Its gonna be awesome ! 
3 hours at the gym today . Intense . 
yesterday was amazing . I havent been this relaxed in a long time . 
my life sure is strange and crazy sometimes , but i wouldnt change it for anything . 
i just wrote a really eerie but beautiful song on guitar , and i am pretty sure i stole the chordal progression form disney's beauty and the beast . I am such a geek :) 
last nite was awesome . Never had a better dinner , and never had better company for dinner ;) 
invented a new delicious dish today , blackened pepper pan roasted chicken over sauteed fingerling , russet , and red potatoes and mushrooms , topped with sauteed green and yellow < PROPFEMALE > peppers and white and yellow onions , with pan blackened brocoli and coliflower . Yum :) 
spent halloween doing homework and watching movies cuddled up with my lady . Pretty nice . :) 
getting a full nite's sleep before work really changes my attitude ! I feel great ! And < PROPFEMALE > blend breakfast tea makes mornings simply wonderful :) 
i am governor < PROPFIRST > brown ! Who always smiles and never frowns ! Soon to be pre-si-dent ! ..... California ! Uber alles ! California ! Uber alles ! Uber alles ! California ! Uber alles cal-i-forniaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! \ 
-california uber alles , fresh fruit for rotting vegetables , the dead kennedys 
i have the whole weekend off . Now i have time to do ALL of my homework for the rest of the semester . Its gonna be nice not having to stress over school for the next month :) 
can i just say , registering for classes sucks ! 
just dance is awesome ! 
at the terminal waiting to board my plane :) 
ok , im on the plane . Lets get to frickin california already ! 
just landed . Never thought i would be THIS happy to see these rusted steel grey skies . 
LA auto show rocked . I'll post pics when i get back to Co . 
im going tto the beach today :) 
i love my friends and family out here , but i already miss my girlfriend and my church . 
i just have to thank God from the bottom of my heart and the seat of my soul for the beauty and wonders with which He has blessed us . I got to go down to Point Dume at the bottom of Zuma beach today and it is a truly breath-taking place . 
got my jewish deli experience in ! Now i just need sushi and thanksgiving dinner and my vacation is complete ! Whoo ! 
i love my peeps . 
Happy thanks giving . I am grateful tht you are all a part of my life , and grateful to God that i have this life to share . I love you all . 
today is disneyland . :) 
finally to pirates of the carribean ! whooo ! the whole reason i came to disneyland . 
disneyland was awesome ! 
church #1 for the day : grace chapel in lancaster california . lets see how they do it in the desert . 
Cant wait to go to TNL tomorrow , missed my pastors and setup buddies . lookin forward to seeing my beautiful girlfriend and hangin with my peeps at home in Co . :) vacation has been awesome , but im a little homesick . 
alright , this is the home stretch , i am up and hoppin in the shower , then its off to the airport , and by 11 i will be in < PROPMALE > . 
so happy to be at church ! i know , im a God geek , but i think it could be alot worse :) 
wow . i actually sorta missed being at school . wierd . 
my mom rocks ! 
happy chanukah everyone ! 
wow . im so sick that i look like death warmed over . this sucks . 
chai tea soothes the throat and the soul . my room mate took me to my indian restaurant to get chai and curry . best roomy ever ! 
TNL at the gothic ! whooooo ! 
at some point last night , it dawned on me that i had just finished watching my church perform at the gothic theatre , which i got to help set up , in order to raise money for charity : water , which was at $4200 of the $5000 we were trying to raise when i saw it last , and drinking a beer , brewed by my pastor , in the church offices with about 100 of my favourite people . awesome . i love my church . 
ok , next week is finals and then i dont have school again till late january . i have such a love/hate relationship with school ! 
psych final done ! pretty sure i have a very respectable B in this class at the very least :) 
ok , political science final done , now just the dreaded history final and im free till mid january ! 
finals are done ! whoo ! 
this week has been awesome ! got to meet with my pastor before church on tuesday , which is always a spiritualy appetizing experience , got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my good friend < PROPFIRST > Cross for dinner , and got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my good friend < PROPMALE > Gutierrez for a kosher dinner . God must really like me :) 
tonite was the first time in 400 years for this specific event to occur when it did , which just makes it even better . tonite i watched a total lunar eclipse , on the winter solstice , the shortest day of the year , the beginning of winter , and my birthday ! whoo ! again , God must love me :) 
in the words of my pastor , gray at tnl , < PROPFEMALE > chrismas and may the peace of christ go with you . 
now i remember why i dont do opening shifts ! holy crap im tired and beat ! you are so lucky youre my friend < PROPFEMALE > ! 
just watched the book of < PROPMALE > again . it may sound wierd , but that movie is spiritually uplifting for me . it reminds me that no matter how dark the night becomes , the < PROPFEMALE > is coming , and God renews his gifts and blessings with each rising sun . 
yay ! snow day ! no work for me ! 
God is frickin awesome ! got to < PROPFEMALE > out with the amazing < PROPFIRST > Cross , damn good man and a damn good friend . 
so i simply love all my friends at tnl . thats it . 
Any man who appeals to the law is either a fool or a coward . Any man who cannot take care of himself without that law is both . For a wounded man shall say unto his assaiant : if i live i will kill you , if i die you are forgiven . Such is the rule of honour . \ 
- Omerta , Ashes of the Wake , Lamb of God 
beer and pancakes < PROPMALE > show was awesome ! 
man im so happy i went to that < PROPMALE > show and me < PROPMALE > Zobell , it inspired me to st < PROPMALE > painting again . i have made leaps and strides over the past 2 days on my angel painting and i have 3 more canvasses in the works with base coats on them . i am lovin this ! 
From the dust you came , and to the dust you shall return . 
well , i went and bought some supplies for this new thing im doing , couldnt find a leather shop but that will soon be remedies . let the madness ensue ! 
now for a day of silence , resting in the Lord my God , my Refuge , my Tower of Strength in the face of the enemy . 
day of silence was awesome . now i need a little human interaction . 
today was the best day in months ! 
got my leather supplies :) this is gonna rock . 
as crazy as it may sound , i think my main project is actually coming along QUICKER than i was hoping . its gonna be awesome . 
so i just cooked stirfry chicken that is simply gangster , white rice , and created the all new < PROPFIRST > stone special , chicken and avocado egg rolls , thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for taking me to kona grill and introducing me to avocado egg rolls ;) holy crap is this delicious . once i am done i will finish it off with cream , raspberry and pinapple filled wontons . mmmm .... 
its official , i love both smithwicks and shepherds pie . 
today is gonna be a good day . my hands are sore from leatherwork , my body is sore from workin out , i feel good . just gotta do a quick grocery run and cook when i get home then i am free to paint the rest of the day away . 
well , here goes another cooking experiment . a little healthier than the last few meals : chicken breast baked with a light layer of creamcheese and celery with < PROPMALE > , oregano , salt , pepper , thyme , baked to perfection ; sweetpotato ; asparagus with same spices . we will see how it goes , but i gotta say , i am pretty optomistic :) 
if it is at all possible , i now dislike the black eye peas even more than i did before this halftime show . 
doing laundry is exhausting ! but i have my food plan all ready to go shopping once i have pants to wear :) 
soooooo .......... i absolutely hate environmental science . it pretty much just majorly sucks . and i cant really say much more than that . oh , i can also safely say : \screw environmental science . \ " and thats definitely all i can say on that . " 
well , day 1 of type O diet . filet of sole baked with < PROPFEMALE > oil , < PROPMALE > and thyme , delicious , parsnips and turnips with < PROPMALE > , oregano , little butter and < PROPFEMALE > oil , and an artichoke . yum . i need to rework the parsnips and turnips , im thinking if i dice the turnips and pan fry them with diced asparagus it would be awesome . i think that will be in tomorrow's lamb dinner :) this is fun . 
the lord is my refuge , my tower of strength in the face of the enemy . -psalms 
110 pushups , 10 vertical pushups , and a series of crazy self resistance dynamic workouts yesterday . cant wait to get home and bronson it up tonite :) 
Thank God for TNL . Without it , I would surely be going insane today . 
my God my God ! Heavenly Father ! i feel forsaken ! eternal night now reigns ! daylight engulfed by shoadows , i pray You end this agony ! God ! everything i loved is just a memory ! stripped of every ounce of self respect , bring me to my knees ! cover me in ash , curse the day that i was born ! release me from this living death , welcome oblivion ! -the nodes of ranvier 
God ! im on my knees ! suffering ! is this all i am ? please ! feel my pain ! lift me up ! hold me closer to Your heart ! God ! i have failed You once again ! Your Love is what sustains me ! -War of Ages 
God gaves us rational and reasoning minds , why do so many people choose to throw that mind to the wolves of ignorant indiscretion ? 
whoooo ! tnl at the gothic for free the girls ! this is gonna be BA ! 
we got the gothic set in record time and sound check is now starting . that means i get to relax and enjoy the perks of workin my butt off today :) 
how is our world so broken ? i just read about libyan pro-regime militia opening fire on civilians with assault rifles and anti-air g < PROPFEMALE > s mowing down at least dozens . is there bothing to be done for these people ? why do we have a < PROPFEMALE > ? why does < PROPFEMALE > , self-proclaimed protector of freedom and democracy worldwide have an army if they will simply stand idle while a despot commits genocide ? 
wow . its crazy how much you can learn about a person by sking them . crazy , isnt it ? 
gonna be going on a ride-along tomorrow nite with gray in the elementary kids classes . a little nervous but lookin forward to it . my first role as a teacher in the kingdom of God . thanks gray , mackey , and chip for the opprotunity to contribute to the community . 
there comes a point where you must take a leap of faith , and either you land to find firm ground beneath your feet , or you will learn to fly . 
note to self and to whomever else it may concern : cutting through a tire , even with a sawzall , is EXTREMELY difficult . i dont suggest it . i need to find a significantly easier material for bootsoles on the next footwear project . 
wow ! just took a solid 2hr nap ! i feel amazing ! and 
so i have been working on this letter to my dad in prison for about 3 days now , its ridiculously long , but im not sure if its cuz i have alot to say or if i am trying to avoid finishing and sending it . 
182 pushups , 182 situps , 21 vertical pushups . now to setup the stage and sound and go to training for teaching the little ones . tuesdays kick ass . 
just woke up from a nap and now im extremely hungry ... but also still really tired and feeling extremely lazy . what a predicament ... 
once more , into the breach my friends . 
im starting to think that my definition of happiness is fundamentally flawed . time to start discovering God's definition of happiness , and maybe see how that works out for me . 
those who danced seemed quite mad to those who could not hear the music . 
daylight savings , and the execution thereof , is not ok . it sucks . i want to go back to bed now . 
well i finally got fired from cracker barrel . and oddly enough , i am kind of relieved . i should probably be stressed out but i think everything is going to be alright . im actually kind of optomistic , what does God have for me next ? 
yay for tattoos ! 
all thats left is the yellow :) 
this week just gets better ! got 2 hrs of tattoo work done by my artist for FREE tonite ! life is good ! i now have a full colour shoulder piece ! whooooo ! 
thy < PROPMALE > and thy staff do comfort me ... 
did someone say rum and coke + splatterhouse ? i think they did ! 
happy < PROPFEMALE>'s! 
thanks to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and nate for a great time ! st < PROPFEMALE>'s rocks ! God i love being < PROPFEMALE > ! 
last nite was awesome ! so happy i have such great friends to share a great holiday with . 
sometimes i imagine 6 impossible things before breakfast . 
why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
UNPLUGGED : Dotterer & Stone in the fireside room ! good times ! 
thanks to < PROPMALE > Mackey for hooking me up with a new part time job to replace cracker barrel . i spent a total of 2 weeks without a primary income source , thanks to my other 2 jobs it didnt actaully effect my income . now with the new job i will be working dramatically less hours AND making more money . God truly provides . 
each of us is given a role in life , by God , and it is our choice to serve it or not . some are speakers , some are protectors , some are prosecutors and some are defenders . some are graceful and some are severe , but each of us is given our place . i would rather be hated for who i am than loved for who i am not . and so i will strive to be who God made me to be , no matter the consequences . 
as the deer doth pant for water , so my soul doth thirst for thee ... 
Lord of my Salvation , Light of my Life , lift me up from this darkened valley , Raise me up upon the wings of Eagles that I may soar with Your Spirit . 
esse quam videri 
Copy this and put it in your status if you know someone or have heard of someone who knows someone or have heard of someone who may know someone ; or if you don't know anyone or even if you have just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone then do still copy this ! Most people won't , but it's important to spread the message . Be proactive !!! Oh , and the hearts ...??? For < PROPMALE>'s sake , don't forget the hearts !!! ??? 
alright ! 1 assignment down , 3 more to go ! whoo ! 
i have been working on this stupid toxic waste paper for hours and i only have 1 frickin < PROPFEMALE > done ! ahhhhh !!!!!! 
ok , 2 assignments down , just gotta finish that stupid toxic waste paper tomorrow . crap . 
i want coffee so bad . 
homework done ! whoo ! and i got coffee :) mmmmmmm ...... 
this just in : ex-vegitarians say that bacon is the \gateway meat \"" 
80 degrees yesterday , rain this morning , snow now , what the hell colorado ? 
watching the blue < PROPFIRST > extras for the book of < PROPMALE > , wicked cool stuff , denzel decided to become a producer a short way into preproduction , God sure does have an amazing way of puting people right where they belong . 
