High heels and alcohol don't mix .... but , had an awesome time at the block party - highly recommended ! 

is finished with a week long training class . Teaching is exhausting ! 
Bowling , eating , drinking and dancing , makes a Friday complete ... 
Finished decorating the tree , Christmas is almost here ... 
Going to hear the Nomads tonight 
Ended up dancing to Final Verdict at buffalo thunder , great band ! 
Going to try our first big New Years party- Fiesta Bowl block party - in Tempe , hope it's not too crazy ! 
Warming up for round 2 of tempe new years ... it shouldn't be this cold in Phoenix ... doubling layers of everything and hopefully we'll make it to midnight ! 
is happy to be back home :-) 
Fuschia with lace !!!! 
Saw the hypnotist last night at Buffalo Thunder - very funny , but are the volunteers really hypnotized ????? 
We have high speed dsl now !!! Just canceled wildblue . :-) :-) :-) 
Doppelganger week - I wish i looked like her , but I've been told i do ... so thats something ! 
Back to being me ... 
aaahh valentines weekend almost here - a 3 day weekend AND nothin but fun and love with my sweetie ! 
Friday is finally here , 3 day weekend off to a great start ! 
I'm excited , just getting ready to start the weekend now - heading to ABQ to see a Thunderbirds game for Thirsty Thursday ! 
Question ... how was your 20 year reunion compared to your 10 year ? Which was better , or did you even go ? 
going to another thunderbirds game tonight - mardi gras this time ! having fun in albuturkey 
< PROPFIRST > ... < PROPFIRST > spiceywiener .. 
tickle tickle ... lol 
happy to be home 
going to see < PROPFEMALE > in 3d - hope its good ! 
Go Lobos ! 
Go Lobos - again ! That would be so amazing if they win ... 
Oh well .... 
Looking forward to wine tasting and dinner with friends . 
Computers suck ! We changed the server out at work , and now I can only get on the internet thru the adminstrator account , arrggg .... 
Celebrating 6 years to the day I met the love of my life :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > dex sucks ! Thought our new laptop would be here today , but they are holding it in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to be delivered tomorrow :-( 
TGIT Thursday , isotopes are winning , we'll get our laptop saturday ! It's time to party and pre-vacation ... !!!! 
and celebrate 7 yrs !!!! 
Isotopes 13-5 whoo hooo !!!! 
having a great time after lots of baseball , bowling and minigolf - almost done celebrating our 7th year together - looking forward to < PROPMALE > in may ! 
back up and running ... :-) 
Almost time for vacation !!! Ready to celebrate my sweetie's birthday , tomorrow is taking forever to get here . 
Ready to start exploring Universal Studios and all it has to offer 
Nomads rock ! 
Had a wonderful sat night camping in the tent and watching horror movies , I love saturdays ! 
I love fridays in los alamos and gordons concerts :-) hope these are around till i can't dance anymore 
Hoodoos , here we come ...... 
Heading out in a bit to go roll down some dunes at Great Sand Dunes Natl Park 
we are going back Sunday with manufactured sleds for dune sleding ... just gotta figure out what to use . 
Elitch gardens is the plan for today , hope the weather holds as it is currently reported . 
sigh .. its cold and rainy today in < PROPMALE > , hopefully it will be better tomorrow - can't control the weather 
We're going to check out the music fest at buffalo thunder this afternoon .... I love summertime ! 
Ready to celebrate our anniversary tomorrow ! Wow , I can't believe its been 5 incredible years already ! 
Sigh , Washington Il is smaller and has so many more things to do in a small radius than Los Alamos . We're having great fun visiting < PROPFIRST>'s mom and seeing the sights ! 
6 days to vegas !!! Woohoo ! 
Friday's finally hear , vegas is calling ... Going to go check out the Frightdome this time - October is my favorite month ! :-) 
If you are in ABQ in Oct , check out Primitive Fear - both haunted houses are awesome , 2nd year we've gone and didn't disappoint !!! 
Almost finished packing for Estes Park - Halloween in the < PROPMALE > Hotel is going to be so cool ! 
Checked in to room 405 at the < PROPMALE > , hopefully this will be an exciting night ! And the Halloween ball should be fun too ! 
Wish our camera took better pictures , out in the low light in the hotel , the pictures just didn't come out as well as I'd have hoped . 
Celebrating a very special day today with my sweetie . Its great having a day off for it too ! 
woo hoo , new super comfy ergohuman office chair :-) I'm happy ! And so is my back ! 
Looking forward to seeing the New Mexico Thunderbirds opening home game tonight ... nice to have semi-pro basketball nearby . 
having fun in las vegas ... 
Time for some bowling ! 
Looking forward to Fiesta Bowl Block party ! 3 days ! 2 days to Tempe ! 
It's really cold in Tempe - wtf ??? Oh well , enough drink and it's all good :-) 
Happy New Year to all my fb friends !!! 
Since I'm a virgo now instead of a libra , does that mean my personality changes too ? 
Glad the sub-zero temps are a thing of the past , -15 is really not right . Ready to go watch the NM Thunderbirds and get away from thinking about freezing pipes ! 
I'm a vanilla pop tart ! 
Heading to Mardi Gras !!! 
arrgg .... juniper sucks - even with a month of using a neti pot and allergy meds , I ended up with a sinus and ear infection . 
