I feel hungry for life . 

fuck chairs 
why does < PROPFIRST > have a small weiner !! 
Show today at the boardwalk ! Still time to get tickets ! Call or text me ! 225-4407 
My whole body hurts . In The Midst of Lions was ?????? last night . 
Moneyyyyyyy you are mine once again . Time for destruction ... 
I broke free from the fallacies . I don't need a savior because I saved myself . 
don't you just love randomly waking up in the middle of the night ? 
sighhhh 
Es la hora de destrucción para Nuevo México . ¡Lo violamos ! 
about to get down in new mexico ! fun times tonight , show tomorrow , then a long disappointing drive back to rancho . 
Mathematical ! 
I gots a couple shows coming up , one in Vacaville on Sunday , and one in Roseville on the 25th . Hit me up for more info ! 
sexual assault rifle . lmao . 
From the makers of Piranha 3D ... Shark in the Pool 3D !! lol . I am gonna make a preview for that . 
The sun never < PROPFEMALE > this morning . 
lmao me and < PROPMALE > have some epic R&B coming tomorrow . 
The world I've come to know and love is disappearing before my eyes , It's like losing your own life to see one dematerialize . 
My cat got hit by a car right in front of me last night . 
i am starting to freak out cause we need to sell hella tickets to this show that is in 5 days 
hella depressed today . fuck everybody . 
wow i just almost died by choking on bacon . at least it would have been tasty death . 
buy a ticket to my show tomorrow , they are only $5 it's in orangevale at club retro , i think it's the last show at that location before they move it to roseville . 
i feel sick today my stomach feels like it's dyinggggg 
I've made you a friend hat 
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > you're so high , floating the clouds , shooting up the airplanes . Don't worry about me , I'll be fine , down here on the ground adding to the airwaves . 
I officially give up on humanity . 
Fuck my fucking life . 
It's the darkness you can't see you should be afraid of . 
¿Tengo árboles , necesitas ? hit me up 
Buy a ticket to see The Descolada Virus at the Boardwalk this Saturday ! $10 each . I really need to sell some cause I haven't sold any . 
Kill me , plz&thx kbai 
Don't you touch that ! If you throw that away I will rape you in the mouth ! 
oh god damnit someone take me to the mall i've only got 2 days left to sell like 10 tickets for this . 
fuck planet earth , i'm taking the space elevator out of here . 
would it be lame if i got a tattoo of my own lyrics ? 
This November swallows me whole . 
that was actually a pretty fun show , the neighbors had us come over and play right after we finished ! haha 
I am starting a music promoting/booking company , does anybody wanna help out with that ? 
my back is killing me it's ridiculous 
why the fuck are people posting shit on my facebook in my house , next time it happens i am punching everyone who was here in the face . 
is it everybody's birthday today ? what's up with that 
ughhh i think i have a kidney infection somehow . 
i'm hella mad , the day after my show at the boardwalk is silverstein . 
oh no facebook is starting to pull a myspace 
So I just went on Chinese myspace , and it's actually a better version of original myspace . wtf myspace . wtf . 
happy crimbas . 
I just got a laptop ! Happy chrimbas facebook . 
my laptop already stopped working . wtf . 
humanity sickens me for its lackthereof its namesake 
I just got accepted to a free computer tech repair class ! 
if anybody knows a band that can try to sell 20 tickets in a week and is available to play on the 21st please hit me up , i am trying to fill this spot asap . 
Why are the people of Rancho Cordova of lower quality than the water in the ponds of Hagan Park ? 
