Life is cruel , what to do .. what to do 

work was boring and long ! 
bored 8\\ 
just got back from a very long day at work ... ugh time to get some shut eye 
reworking moms kitchen my uncle did a very poor job with it gotta replace all the granite floor X ( 
whooo ! just got word that my computers fixed going down to Atlanta to pick it up and send the laptop to get repairs 
Fireworks ! 
Today sucked other than the fireworks got some rest from work 8| 
July 3rd 2009 ... worst day I have had this year > 8 ( (/facepalm ) 
tired , bored , sleepy 8 ) 
had a rough day at work .... -_-' 
bored , cousins might come over from Cali if my uncle lets them 8| 
doesn't have to go work tomorrow XP 
Anyone else got a Gaia ? 
-_-' got called into work just now 8 ( 
Last Day of work this summer ( hopefully ) time to chillax till school starts 8D 
im bored ... 
8| got nothing to do thats interesting 
bleh school ... 
World Of Warcraft : Cataclysm is going to be EPIC ! Check it out theyre bringing my favorite dragon back , Deathwing 8D ... i know im a geek when it comes to this and drawing 
I'm thinking of going to watch a movie today , but im not sure yet ... 8| 
ahh ! my hand hurts been drawing too much lately .. 8 ( 
just got off work yay ! 8 ) 
< PROPFIRST > ... you will be missed by us all rest in peace bro ... 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > , wish you could have graduated with the rest of us , we will miss you 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > , Ill see you sometime in the future . 
School was boring today xept for < PROPMALE > 8 ) 
seems like this weekend will be a very boring one , i gots nothing to do :[ 
A boring saturday .. think ima watch some anime tonight 
listening to Russian music its not bad 
what an eventfull night , fooling around after soccer got us in trouble .. 
ugh .... lastnight sucked so bad .... 
lol i learned a couple new songs on the guitar today 8D 
i gotta go get my contacts ordered for halloween ! times almost up 0_o 
ahh .. feel that cold air , my favoriet time of the year is drawing near 8 ) 
well most of my fall break is over ... gotta go to knoxville and install some granite countertops 
sleep ... agh work was exhausting today ... but were ahead for tomorrow i get done early ! 8 ) 
woot ! i am in control now i have set up the new and improved home network muahahaha ! 
well im bored ... i think ill play some WoW and then watch a movie or two till the anime airs on TV 
yeah so we went to the haunted caverns and i apparently punched a dude now i got dry blood on my hand ... 
meh , the fourth kind wasn't as good as i thought it would be 8| 
hmm , time moves slowly when you got nothing to do .... 
meh .... big bro making me wake up at three to go shop for a HD TV ..... i hate my life sometimes ... 
meh .... bored this weekend might go to the movies to watch something dunno what yet 
meh .... ima go watch a movie in town somewhere i woke up only four hours ago hehe , i love sleeping in now i gotta try and not stay up all night .... 8P 
meh ... winter break is boring as hell so far nothing interesting to do gonna go to the movies on saturday prolly 
so bored .... 
i feel like being lazy today , but i alos want to watch a movie later tonight dunno which to d0 
I love rainy days 8 ) 
whoah .... my lilk bro just locked me out of my own room .... LOL ! curse his cynical little mind , i may have to buy a new lock thou i had to weaken my current one to get back in 
Woot ! Birthday on Sunday 8D 
WOOT ! its snowing on mah Birthhday 8P 
GRRR ! my modem got fried 8 ( 
UGG ! just got off work ... sooo tired still got some to finish up early tomorrow before i can relax 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!! X| 
is at work right now installing a kitchen in alabama , text me ..... that is if you have my number ;) 
another night at home just chillin , writing final draft for english paper XD 
The talent show was good , now the only thing left to worry about is prom should i go or not go ? If so with a date ? ( if i can find one this late ) 
All you noobs missed a good Improve show at OHS , SHAME ON YOU !! 
Uggh ... to think the school year is almost over , oh well time to look forward to the future 
Its a cloudy rainy day , just the way i like them haha , time to learn the rest of this song on the guitar and begin looking for my final project for < PROPMALE > 8 ) 
WOOT ! go mom ! she brought home some chicken nuggets 8D 
Well no school for the rest of the week , gotta get st < PROPMALE > ed on that final < PROPMALE > piece XD 
Ok so .. Who all is going to river boat ? 
To the mall ! * charge * > 8 ) 
WHOO ! River Boat was amazng only two things were left undone but those might be able to be completed sometime int he future 8 ) , if only i could get the rest needed for work tomorrow .... got alot of countertops to install 8 ( , i need some sleep ... 
is gonna eat early then head off to play soccer at the small feild near the university , if you have time come and join the practice it will be fun 8 ) 
Time for some shut eye hopefully this weekend wont be as boring as i think it will .... 
off to work , then to the movies ... if i get out in time to catch one , wish me luck ! 
is heading out to eat with the family then off to do something else ... hopefully 
Well no movies tonight , so i guess ill stay in and look for more music , inspiration for a new < PROPMALE > piece , and just chill 
Damn , We have those senior interviews tomorrow at school . > 8 ( 
Oh crap i didnt study for my < PROPMALE > exams !!!! AHH ! 
is bored at school reading more of the Demonata series and waiting to be interviewed .... and got facebook oh his phone yay ! 
is bored out of his mind ... i gotta do something fun this weekend 8 ) 
ONLY TWO MORE DAYS WHOO ! 
is having a hard time beleiving that high school has come to an end .... i might actually shed tears when i exit the building .... 
Well that's it for high school days as far as class goes , now i gotta finish up the last bits of the senior project ... :( 
just got off work early yay ! gonna find something fun to do later 8 ) 
My car litterally sucks .... :( 
is hanging out with peeps till the iron man 2 movie starts 
Iron Man 2 ... yea that was epic , it think i may actually go see it a second time ;) 
Meh ... today was ok .... i still have this feeling of wanting to do something dangerous . ;) 
finally finished with the days house work .... got me some bad rug burns just now >:( now to get the rest of this song down on the guitar 
gots a lot to do today ! 
ugg ... < PROPFEMALE > tired .... must sleep ... hungry .... uggggggg ! 
WhoOO ! I love my godfather , sent me a nice gift 8 ) i wish he could be here tomorrow to watch me graduate ... 
is releived ! Highschool is over and done with . Now to deal with the future . 
well today has been productive , made a list of songs to learn for when we go to California , WoooOOO ! 
is trying to figure out what to do today . 
work was not that bad today , got a little messy and a few cuts on my hands but nothing < PROPMALE > lol 
is at the rush working out with some homies !! bout time i seriously considered going to a gym 
is headed to the gym , trying to decide what else to do for the weekend . any suggestions ? 
sooooo , sore .... and hungry 8| 
hmm ... what to do , what to do ... 
nothing interesting to do tonight , anime time 8 ) 
boring day so far , gotta mow the yards then off to the gym :| 
is going to alabama to install some countertops 8| 
just got back from work ... and is very tired ... 
-_-' im bored no work today , going to the gym at 4 
im thinking of trying another big piece , but i have no idea what i want to create ... 
work was exhausting .... gona go rent a movie or two and just chillax this weekend 
is exhausted ... just finished the last kitchen of the week and headed home after stoping somewhere for some food . @_@ 
is done with work for the day ... maybe .. the WoW servers aew down for maintenance . what to do what to do .... ;) 
is bored at work ..... 
FUCK YEAH ! ESPANA ! 
is about to begin the final stage in the painting of his mom's kitchen .... (; .. ;) 
ugghh ... sooo tired .... must .... relax .... and . eat . skittles ! 
Woot , got a new graphics card today for my computer and i must say that it is very nice , now just waiting on the ram to arrive 8D 
so sleepy , however , can't sleep o_0 
Paranormal Activity 2 this weekend who wants to join in ? XD 
so , paranormal activity 2 .... not as good as the first one . 8 ( 
what to do , what to do ... 
bored ... 
Another boring day at school .... XP 
Dull essay topic FTL .... =\\ 
i gotta find something interesting to do soon , been extremely bored these past few months -_-' 
-_- figures , straight to work when school lets out haha , oh well ... 
hmm what to do , what to do ..... 
