\ ... describing an ' invisible injury ' and the resulting condition \"" 

Masceradin ' your personification as a lyrical law\ 
When you just not fascinatin'\ 
Nigga , you need to stop flexin ' stop vexin ' what you not\ 
... And be sure ' bout what you got 
workin out then scoutin around the old town ... text ( 631 ) 747 2099 
like a moth to a flame ... 
( Rev 13:18 NIV ) This calls for wisdom . If anyone has insight , let him calculate the number of the beast , for it is man's number . His number is 666 . 
love without pain isn't really romance ... 
... and i know by your smile , it's you . 
wow , if i see another piece of litter on these beautiful streets , i am going to fingerprint the person who threw it and dump tons of garbage by his house . 
i wear my scars like the rings on a pimp , live my life like the captain of a sinking ship ... 
it's hard not to harness chaos when you've found the lines between 
put on those shades , wave to yesterday , the sunlight hurts my eyes ... \ 
got my whole future ahead of me B ] 
the way of the wise : early to bed , early to rise ... 
need sunshine in my life because , the world ... it is shady . 
\The heart is the general 
Feelin ' like a million < PROPMALE > $ :) 
Breathe , breathe in the air\ 
Don't be afraid to care\ 
Leave , but don't leave me\ 
Look around\ 
Choose your own ground 
i think mirrors are the only thing in life that do not lie 
God I'm tryna focus with my third eye lens\ 
And I'm a grown man so I know my sins 
landscapes or architecture ? 
oxymoron of the day : moralistic capitalism 
a true gift isn't asked for , it is intentionally given ; like a curse , the giver wishes for the matter to be more than it is , so that the receiver is perceptively bound to him . value comes from the heart , and materialism has very little to do with that part . 
... love at first sight , or lover's worst plight ? 
i can't be the only one to confuse ketamine and potassium when thinking of bananas . 
your heart will explode . 
shake n bake after spending the night on an elephant's ass ... goodstuff 
great weekend :) lookin forward to a good week 
cheerios , coffee , five hours ... let's do this Bl 
Like this status and I will tell you what I truly think and/or honestly feel about you . :v 
me ? yeah , i could write you a book on life ... or you could just open your eyes . ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > la < PROPFEMALE > 
she's so beautiful , i just wish i could learn her name ... 
teaching , or even tutoring , should not be about the money - it should be about a love of the craft ; it should be of and for the students and education . people like my english teacher remind me that there's good things in life when you choose to disregard the bad . that bitch is nasty . : l 
can't have a dollar when you got no sense 
Deadmau5 all day 
beauty is in the blindness of the believer :v 
Surely you've learned to read it , You should know : No surface shines brighter , Than the light that burns beneath it 
homework is overruled by sleep , good night 
Somebody died , did he ? Nobody ... Walking on sunshine , but still we're treading water ; The son of many reasons searching for the daughter 
This is business , no faces just lines and statistics\ 
from your phone , your zip code , to S-S-I digits\ 
< PROPFIRST > is hardly real and they never have feelings\ 
but you push too hard , even < PROPFIRST > got limits 
