wants to know why everything happens all at once . 

imagines all the people living for today . 
was just told not to bother coming into work because we're closing early ... there goes time and a half , plus i just showered and got dressed for work . 
never realized how bad stan'ilan pot holes were til she spent so much time off them . 
served < PROPMALE > Chapelle today , and didn't even realize it at first . She kids you not . 
has no internet until the 29th . 
has no internet until the 5h , contact via cell phone . 
has internet !! yes , comcast came ON TIME . 
is afraid to turn on her tv because she might lose the internet if she does so . 
cannot sleep . 
us going to ussba nationals with < PROPMALE > Zaccheo =) 
sometimes feels her life is anything but normal . 
is looking at pictures and realizes she misses friends from home =( 
wants to know if anyone can actually see the meteors yet . 
loves her lambda fam =) 
starting to pack up and hit the road , after many many plans gone wrong . 
is in serious need of a good cuddle ... 
could sleep all day . 
is watching an infomercial she's never seen before with < PROPFIRST > mays in it ... oh < PROPFIRST > mays , you may be gone but your legacy isnt . 
[ finally ] got new para ! 
doesn't know what to do with herself now that the semester is done . 
just did all her holiday shopping in less than two hours . ftw 
is on staten island .. til the 28 or 29 . 
had a glorious drive back to Towson with the Beatles[remastered in Mono ] and a very well behaved < PROPFEMALE > =) 
misses her sisters <3 
understands why people's statuses are colors , but wants to know how it originated ... 
is off to see two friends get hitched ! ( and also going to the first wedding in her adult life-scary ! ) 
is takin care of business . 
had a fabulous night at work . 
is in love : http://www.converse.com/?csid=439#/products/collections/music/114955F 
is letting all coffee-holics know that Starbucks WILL be closed tomorrow . 
is making baked ziti , sauce from scratch , thank you =) 
needs a ride to work tomorrow , my apt complex hasnt plowed the lot .. what is she paying for then ? 
dear facebook , please stop changing your homepage every 6 months . kthanks . 
really wants to go to the gym . 
wants some warm weather , not for lack of snow , but for open windows and fresh air in her apt . 
is having chicarina soup because she's homesick . 
has a computer with no operating systme .. windows crashed or something of the sort . So cellphone is the only way to get in touch with her . 
is VERY thankful that windows did not crash ! 
has had a wonderfully relaxing day consisting of 7 hours of reading . 
is trying to remind herself that everything happens for a reason , and things usually work themselves out at some point . God works in mysterious ways . 
spring09 still oh so fine ! Happy lambdaversary ls's: Yina Aparicio , < PROPFEMALE > Polo-Sherk , < PROPFEMALE > K , and < PROPFEMALE > Turcios <3 
just stepped outside while at the library and her computer logged her off and she lost all her work . F this ... is there a point in trying to restart at this hour ? 
will send an SOS to the world . 
has alot of thinking to do 
is feeling very warm and fuzzy on her one year lambdaversary ! Thank you linesisters , pm < PROPFEMALE > Febres , apm < PROPFEMALE > Ingram , and < PROPFEMALE > Goodwin for being there every step of the way with me , through thick and thin ! 
is considering getting some food and then studying until she falls asleep . Opinions ? 
is home , sweet home , and usa has an svu marathon on- ftw ! 
has a conspiracy theory going on right now : laptop won't start , phone didn't receive texts , desktop didnt have internet , then wouldnt shut down , and now aim is freezing . I am not supposed to be communicating with anyone today , apparently . 
is sitting outside and reading , its too beautiful a night not to . 
thinks there is nothing like the satisfaction of finishing a good novel . 
has spent the entire weekend nursing a cold , fingers crossed that she is better tomorrow . 
is on staten island for the weekend . you know the number . 
forgot how much of a necessity water is ... 
had a great day , all thanks to her linesisters =) 
is telling everyone to come out to Debunking the Greek Myth tonight ! 7pm in Chesapeake II , come and find out what you think may not be true ! 
wants to see YOUR team win a game in the 20th inning . 
free food , TONIGHT ! 7pm in UU308 , spanish , italian , asian , and hatian dishes : come taste our culture ! 
wants to run away . 
is hungry but afraid her stomach is too messed up to eat . 
would like to know where her tax return money is , it was supposed to be in her account 2 weeks ago ! 
is confused about the new format for facebook profiles . Where did all her information go ?!?! 
is hoping to have just as good a drive back down to md as she had up to ny . 
is running on safe mode with networking . womp . 
likes pina coladas , and gettin caught in the rain . 
had an overall awesome weekend , and it all started with The Three Tree Experience at Sinix , awesome show guys . 
is living it up til she moves back to NY . 
is looking for someone to watch baseball with tonight .. 
is so excited , and she just can't hide it ! 
is on Staten Island for the next 10 days . 
is going to the Mets game tonight ! 
is excited for convention !! 
cannot believe convention starts TONIGHT . We're gonna paint jersey burgundy and gray . 
has nothing but love for LTA . 
remembers that time heals all wounds , one year has gone by fast . You are loved and missed grandpa , rest in peace . 
is excited for an awesome Saturday night . 
wants to know why its raining everywhere but Baltimore for once , this heat and humidity has gotta stop . 
is going to Camden Yards for the first time , ever . 
' s account may have been phished , just a warning if anyone has a link from her . 
cannot find the charger for her camera , so sad . 
is going to try to avoid facebook for the rest of the day until she watches the game at 10pm with < PROPFIRST > Barnes III , since today's plans have changed a bit . 
is falling asleep to the sound of rain . To The Sea tomorrow . 
is 21 . 
is thankful for the birthday wishes , now its time to pack . 
is having a birthday d o-o ver in fell's point tonight , since she is no longer sick . 
doesn't wanna go . 
can't believe today is the day . 
feels kind of weird saying she is home and knowing that she is staying . 
is watching < PROPFEMALE>'s Baby for the first time . 
has to get used to this whole ' no right turn on red thing ' again . 
wants to know where she can find < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Coastal Wheat on staten island . 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change , courage to change the things i can , and wisdom to know the difference . 
is going to be in Towson tonight , tomorrow , and until early Saturday , cell phone is the best way to get in touch . 
is SO tired . 
misses < PROPFEMALE > already , who'da thought ? 
is going to bury herself in words , its the happiest place she knows . 
what a perfect night to be on the boardwalk . 
weeds tonight ! who's watchin with me ?? 
is going to a Brooklyn Cyclones/SI Yankees game tonight with the WHOLE family , its good to be on staten island . 
got a yob . 
' s future financial status is lookin good , it's about damn time ! 
doesn't miss smelling like coffee when she gets off work . 
is going to see EatPrayLove with su madre . 
is happy to have all the Powers children under one roof/in the same city <3 
is eating leftovers from a Seder dinner . L'chai-im! 
does not understand how Y is sometimes a vowel . 
is saving for a netbook , saving for a netbook , saving for a netbook . 
is a Gwarrior . 
had a really good day at work . 
is super excited for a long weekend down in Towson . 
finds very little use for facebook nowadays . 
thinks she is going to have to start watching football just to keep up with the rest of the world on Sundays . 
is a natural disaster , she's the last of the american girls . 
is restless 
misses < PROPFEMALE > , and all the people in it . 
in need of some cheer . 
is thoroughly enjoying her new netbook , and finally having her own operating computer again =) 
Rain on broadway tonight =) 
thinks that life really is what happens while you're busy making other plans . 
So let me get this straight ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has had 7 divorces , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55-hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > James , Tony < PROPMALE > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING ; yet , the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL people !! 
has been sitting in front of the tv & computer sipping coffee for an hour , its nice to relax . 
woooo department of sanitation ! 
will be in Towson in t-minus 24 hours . 
needs more friends on staten island , especially ones that are girls ... 
feels like running 
saw a bunch of munchkins on the way home and wishes she had some to throw at them 
facebook has informed me that there has been a blackout somewhere on staten island within the last 10 minutes . what would we do without smartphones ? 
sweet gestures warm my heart 
ok , i think today is officially a bad day . BUT it is my 2 year lambdaversary , and i'd like to remind all my linesisters how much i love them . dont forget pm and apm too =) 
wants to know why every other goddamn partner can find coverage , no matter the reason , and when i am bedridden with the flu there is NO ONE . this is ridiculous 
is tired of being left behind . Something's gonna change soon ... 
so SO happy that there is nothing serious wrong with my car , and that its drivable . The way today is going is making up for everything else this week =) 
satisfying my need for a vacation by heading down to Towson on Thursday ! 
