The New Year is finally around the corner ! Thank goodness ! I am so ready for a new year , a new decade ! I don't think I will miss 2009 , but it will never be forgotten . 2010 WILL be much , MUCH better ! For those that have the day off ... ENJOY ! For those that have to work ( like me ) be thankful you are starting the new year off on the right foot ... with a job !!! 

Today was my last day working days ... rotating to nights . I like working nights and I was excited about it until Jered mentioned how he was sad about it because he would hardly get to see me * sniffle sniffle * . Well , at least we still have the weekends . 
I'm excited for < PROPFIRST > , he just bought his first new car !!! Yeah him ! 
Just trying to get motivated . I am working on Dad's Memorial Book . So many good memories , but such a hard thing to have to do . 
Happy 4th of July to everyone out there ! If you get to see fireworks , enjoy them extra for me ! 
Life doesn't seem to get any easier when you take it \one day at a time \"." 
It is freakin ' HOT ! 
When will things get better ? 
Long week done , weekend here I come ! 
Chopper's filter got clogged . :( His new filter arrives this week . Poor thing , he looks like a \Mud Gator\ " . Gonna go rinse him off . " 
Massive potatoes delivered by < PROPFEMALE > and Robb ! Sweetness ! 
I'm irritated . My stepson lost the TV remote and gave up looking for it . It is now MY job to find it . I don't even use the darn TV ! 
It's Friday ! And this week , it is actually my Friday ! One more 12 hr shift and it's 4 days off ! Get ' er Done ! 
It's the weekend ! 
I really miss my Dad . 
I'm a Great Aunt ... again !!! My nephew < PROPFIRST > Jr. ' s son arrived yesterday at 1:33 am . Baby Jaxon McPhaul ! Congrats to < PROPFIRST > and his family ! 
feels derailed from the track called life . 
I now have bangs thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Weaver ! Hopefully now , my hairline will stay in tact ! LOL ! 
I'm pretty excited , Mom is coming to Boise to visit ! I guess this means I'll have to clean the house though . 
Tomorrow is Jered's birthday !!! Tomorrow my mom will be here !!! 
Today is Jered's Birthday !!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY JERED !!! 
Tonight is Jered's Birthday dinner ! Yummy ... Chinese food ! It's the simple things in life that make it worthwhile . :) 
Miracles do happen !!! My mom showed up on our doorstep right before we were gonna leave for Jered's birthday dinner !!! 
Mama and I are making Chinese food for lunch/dinner . Then on to dessert . 
After a short visit , mom has headed back to Oregon . It was nice seeing her . 
Got a nice red pillow to match the nice red interior of the Camaro so I can drive it ! Laugh all you want , but it's true . 
Accidently overbaked the cookies ... must eat before they turn into bricks ! 
not sure what to do with today ... any suggestions ? 
Please help find < PROPFEMALE > Bear ! 
Still haven't found our precious < PROPFEMALE > Bear . Please pray she will return home safe , sound and soon ! 
< PROPFEMALE > IS HOME !!! She was missing for almost a week , but we put a trap outside with food in it and this morning ... SURPRISE ! It was a scared little < PROPFEMALE > Bear ! Welcome home Bear Cat ! 
Let's get dirty ! Project for today ... replace the Water Pump in Daddy's Camaro ! Wish me luck ! :) 
Jered and < PROPFIRST > are replacing the Intake Manifold Gasket on the Camaro for me today . :) 
Yeah , Friday !!!! TGIF ! 
I think I might wash the cars today ... not sure yet . However , they really do need it . 
So 2 of 3 cars got washed today ... not bad . There is always tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > isn't feeling well , I have to take her to the vet this afternoon . I hope she is okay . 
Pizza and movies ... sweet ! Now if only my neck would stop hurting ! 
My car needs to go to the shop but I don't have a ride home ... guess it'll have to wait ... again . 
Have an new appointment to take the car in on Monday . Hopefully we'll be able to make it this time . 
Ugh ! Okay , now 2/3 cars have appointments at the shop this morning ! Let's get ' er done ! Wish my pocket book luck ! 
Okay , 2/3 cars have appointments at the shop this morning , but guess what peeps ... now one has to be towed !!!! Good night almighty ! So much for the well wishes on the pocket book ! 
The Z has a new clutch and a new battery , yeah !!! Hopefully no more issues for a LONG , LONG time . How about a drive ? 
I'll find out what the MRI says Friday morning when I get off work . The doctor gave me some muscle relaxers and pain pills for my neck that so far seem to be doing an okay job , so we will just keep on keeping on ... 
Today is Aunt Shar's 50th birthday !!! Age is just a number , and Shar is definately 50 years young ! Time to party ! 
I love how when you really don't feel like going to church but muster up enough energy to go anyway , is when it seems to be the most rewarding ! 
\Just another manic Monday ... wish it were Sunday ... ' cuz that's my fun day ... my I don't have to run day ... just another manic Monday ... \"" 
My MRI came back normal , however the pain tells me otherwise . The doctor wants me to see a spine specialist to rule out anything that may need surgery . He went on to say that it could very well possibly be Fibromyalgia , which is treatable , but a permanent condition . 
My stomach is upset . I have a headache from not eating but can't take any pain killers b/c MY STOMACH IS UPSET ! The headache would go away also if I could eat something that had some nutrients , but again ... MY STOMACH IS UPSET & I can't keep anything down !!! Am I sick ? No , not really , this all started because of my neck pain & the enormous amount of pain killers I had to take to function , literally give me an ulcer . 
I am feeling quite a bit better than before , but still not sure about eating a normal meal . That could make things go down hill real quick . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you ! 
I miss food ! Still not able to eat whatever I want so I am on a bread and water diet . So far , lost 5 pounds this week . No , I am not trying to lose weight , but it is kinda unavoidable . Spicy Mexican food sounds amazing right now ! 
It's Friday ! 
EVERYONE BE AWARE OF A MESSAGE GOING AROUND ASKING YOU TO LOOK AT A WEBSITE CALLED \FBSTARTER\ " THIS IS A PASSWORD GRABBER AND LOGS YOUR INFO FOR SOMEONE ELSE TO USE . PLEASE COPY AND PASTE THIS IN YOUR STATUS TO MAKE AS MANY PEOPLE AWARE AS POSSIBLE " 
It irritates me that in these hard times people can get food stamps to buy their groceries & then load them into their newer < PROPMALE > SUV . I work by rear off , spend what little money I have on groceries & load them into my 1988 Nissan ! Yet , I make too much for food stamps ... I just don't get it . 
Jered got a job !!!! Yeah ! 
Making Home Affordable actually came through for us !!! Looks like we get to keep our house ! So excited ! It's been a GREAT week ! 
So now that we get to keep our house , I am super excited about making it our HOME ! I actually want to decorate ! Lived here for almost 3 years and still haven't decorated . Have one wall of pictures and that is about it . Anyone have any ideas ? I am going with fall colors ! :) 
We made our first house payment in 8 months today ! Such an awesome feeling to know you actually can afford it ! 
I am greatful for the power of prayer ! 
Getting up at 4am for work really sucks , especially in the cold winter months , but I am greatful to have defrost on my car ! Thanks Mom and Dad ( and < PROPFIRST > ) for letting me use the Camaro ... winter would really suck not having defrost ! Family rocks , a great blessing ! 
This has been a very trying year . Once again , I have to rely whole heartedly on the love of our Lord to get me and my family through another difficult time . Love you so much < PROPFIRST > . I wish I had more time to spend with you . You will be missed ! <3 Please keep the Ouellette family in your prayers , they need them now . 
It still hasn't really hit me yet . Not sure what to say or do . After a hard but brave battle w/ leukemia , my cousin < PROPFIRST > passed away Friday . He was 20 . I wish I could be w/ the family right now instead of all alone in this house . I wish I could have visited more often , he & his family are AMAZING ! This year really bites the dust . < PROPMALE > , we love you & miss you ! Daddy will take care of you ! <3 
I'm grateful for forever families . I am grateful to know I will be with my Dad and < PROPFIRST > , along with so many others again . I miss them all so much . In the words of Dad , \Till the next time\ " . :) " 
Back from < PROPMALE > . Who knew bowling was so evil ? I am so sore , feels like I have Loc-Tight in my hip joints ... Getting \old\ " before my time . " 
Thinking about hitting the treadmill ... we'll see if that actually happens . 
I hit the treadmill today , but it fought back . Actually , it kicked my butt ! 
Okay , we are going for day number 2 with the treadmill ... oh , my body hates me already ! 
So , < PROPMALE > broke his heat lamp . I am not tall enough to fix it , so Uncle < PROPMALE > is gonna come over and help me out yet again . What would I do without him ?! It's the 3rd time in the week Jered's been gone . 
It was a nice Turkey Day . My boss let me off work early so I could have dinner with my hubby's family ! Got there , had AMAZING ham , turkey and potatoes . And for dessert , Aunt Shar made homemade Lemon Meringue pie !!!! It was so good , I had two pieces and she sent me home with one more ... so much for the running I've been doing ! 
Day after Thanksgiving ... shopping ? Not a < PROPMALE > . Break out the Christmas decorations and blast the Christmas carols ! Warm fuzzies , here I come !!!! 
It's the weekend !!! Nothing really going on , but I think it's better that way ! :) 
My wood snowmen are up on the cabinet tops ... so awesome ! I downloaded a bunch of really good Christmas music ... sweetness ! I just took a batch of cookies out of the oven ... better yet ! Warm fuzzies have begun ! :) 
Jered and I saw Ninja Assassin and New < PROPFEMALE > today ! All I have to say is : Ninja Assassin was good , but really , seriously , June 30th ... that's when Eclipse comes out ! 
Wednesday is over ... on to Thursday . One work day down , three more to go ... 
Ha ha ... Thursday is now over ... on to Friday ... PAYDAY ! We are officially half-way through the work week , over the hump , on the down hill slope ... need I continue ? 
And the countdown continues ... Friday is now history . One more day . At least I really enjoy my job , I just hate 4am wake ups . Ugh ... one more . 
The weekend is finally here ! Jered and I had Chinese food and watched the new Terminator Salvation on Blu-Ray ... very nice . I think we are gonna have to watch all the Terminator movies from 1 to 4 just so we can remember all the little pieces on how they fit together . The whole series is just a huge paradox , time to exercise the \old\ " brain cells ... " 
The weather outside is frightful , but the fire is so delightful , and since we have no place to go , let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ... But it must be gone by Thursday morning . 
The power went out in the middle of the night and just came back on not too long ago . 55 degrees inside my house is not very comfortable . Sitting with both fireplaces going and the heat on . Come on 71 degrees ! 
Let's see how many people on FB aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior ! We need to get God back in < PROPFEMALE > . If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status , I did . God Bless . I say < PROPFEMALE > Christmas too ! 
Got my Christmas decorations up ! Snowmen EVERYWHERE ! Starting to feel a little more like the holidays ! 
My commute to and from work seemed to take forever . I love the snow , but I don't like driving in it on an unplowed , unsalted , dark road early in the morning or late at night . Especially without 4WD . I've been so spoiled ... one day again , I will have 4WD . :) 
Does anyone have a snow shovel we can borrow ? Our driveway is a death trap . Planning to go out and buy one ... one day soon . 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE ! ? 
I love spending time with my hubby , just the two of us . <3 
Off to work , lets see how bad the roads are today ! 
Ugh ... I was feeling totally fine and now ... not so much . My stomach , my head ... What the heck ! I have to be up at 4am for work and there is no way I will be able to sleep feeling like this . 
Came home early from work , still not feeling well . Fell asleep on the couch for most of the evening ... and now on with life . 
No more denying it ... Jered and I are both sick . Thanks my lucky stars for nasal rinses , cough drops and Tylenol PM ! 
I'm sicker today than before . Hopefully I will get better before I have to go back to work on Thursday . I'll probably end up sleeping most of the next two days ... what a waste . 
Think I'm gonna call it a day . Gonna rest for work tomorrow . Have a great Christmas everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Belated Christmas to everyone ! I just got home from work , so I am a little behind . Hope everyone had a wonderful day with family and friends . On to the new year !!! 
Oh yeah , the weekend ... how do I plan on spending it ? Hmmm ... totally going to go see AVATAR ( maybe in 3-D IMAX ) with my hubby . After that ... who knows ? Who cares ? It's the weekend !!! 
I really hope 2010 will be better than 2009 . < PROPFEMALE > , we love you and will miss you ! Have fun with Dad , < PROPMALE > and all the others who have gone ahead . Will see you again soon ! <3 
I am making curried potatoes . I love curried potatoes ! I love curried pasta ! I love curry , so yummy ! :) 
White 
I feel like potatoes . Baked ? Fries ? Onion ? Cheesy ? So many ideas , I have to choose one and make it happen . Any suggestions ? 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > , fries it is ... They smell so yummy in my oven , too bad I have no chili sauce to go on them ... oh well . Now , on to the music search . To download or not to download , that is the question ... 
So much for getting up early to get things done . I love working nights but they really ruin my days . Well , better late than never , right ? Jered and I are off to the chiropractor . 
Ugh ... why is school so expensive ? I feel sick at the thought of how much money I just spent for one class ! I better do good dang it ! 
Be very careful if you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved . Copy and paste if you agree . 
We can all help with the Haiti disaster relief ! You can donate $5 to his Yele Haiti Earthquake Fund by texting \Yele\ " to 501501 ( the $5 will be charged to your cell phone < PROPMALE > ) or visit www.Yele.org and click \ " donate . \ " The link is on my wall . " 
I am going to make this a good year . 
I'm excited to be able to go to church . Hopefully I can stay awake ... I just got home from working a 12 hr shift and church is in 1 1/2 hours . 
I start back to school tomorrow ... wish me luck ! 
First day of school went super well ! Feeling really good about it . I am actually excited to do homework ... I may be sick . However , Jered said he always liked school and homework , so maybe not as sick as I thought . 
I really want a sandwich . A nice hot roast beef sandwich with onions , prepared horseradish on a hoagie roll and Au Jus to dip it in . It sounds so amazing . Dream on ... And since I am off to bed , that is what I'll do ... dream about my \dream\ " sandwich . How lovably lame am I ? " 
Put this on your status if you know someone who has MS . I wish for a cure in 2010 ! Dear God , I pray for the cure of MS . 93% WON'T copy and past this , will YOU 4 just one hour . ( I love you Mom ! ) 
Despite what has been thrown my way already this year ... IT IS GOING TO BE A GOOD YEAR ! Oh , and P . S ... Does anyone know how much a new windshield will cost for a ' 88 Nissan 300ZX ? Ugh . 
I am so grateful for my family . My biological family , my married family , my work family , my friend family . I have been blessed . When I think there is nothing else and I don't know what to do , someone will swoop in and save me . I love you all . If you know me , think about me , call me , or just remember my name ... I love you ! <3 
< PROPFIRST > is home ! Mom said she opened the door and there he was ! Yeah ! 
So this government and tax thing has really got me confused ... so , when we make money , we get a crap load of money back but when we don't make money and still pay the same in taxes , they want more ? 
* WEDDING WEEK ** Replace your way-back profile picture with a wedding photo this week ! ( yours or one you were in ) Paste this into your status and pass it on . Our Wedding- July 8 , 2006 ( Daddy's 67th birthday ! ) 
So I made a roast and mashed potatoes for dinner , not bad . But , note to self , pay attention when applying condiments . Horseradish SAUCE , not PREPARED horseradish ! Oh my , oh my ... it was HOT ! 
Today I made a sandwich out of the leftover roast from last night ... this time with horseradish SAUCE ... much better ! Add some onion , and there you go ... it really hit the spot , especially after just now realizing I've gone through the whole day with my shirt on backwards . * sigh * 
It's my long week at work ... 4 - 12 hr nights at work . I hope they go fast , I am in need of another weekend already , and I just got up ! What's up with that ? 
Oh the week is OVER ! I am so tired I think I could cry . Four long , slow days at work . The weekend is finally here . I think I am going to stay in bed all day Monday . 
I can't stay in bed all day today ... darn it ! I did get to stay in bed until noon . Not bad . 
< PROPFEMALE > Chameleon by Culture Club ! That is too funny ! 
Tonight's menu ... bbq chicken and brownies ... now to get started ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Put this as your status and then what is says about your name as the first comment . 
My mom said she is gonna come visit !!! I am so excited . She always spoils us when she comes . It's nice to have family visit , I miss them so much . 
Oh thank goodness it's Friday . In the middle of my shift last night , I developed a cold . I feel so yucky . My throat , my nose , ugh ! One more night ... 
It's the weekend ! Nothing planned . I really want to see the movie \The Tooth Fairy\ " with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( formally known as \ " The Rock \") ... his movies are always so funny . I could totally use a good laugh . " 
Not sure what to do with my day . Chiropractor appointment is all I have planned . 
Made homemade < PROPFEMALE > cobbler . So yummy . However , Jered ate too much and now has a stomach ache . I guess that means more leftovers for me ! 
One more work day ( maybe 1.5 days ) this week . Taking at least part of Saturday off as a birthday present to myself , even though that isn't technically until Sunday . Nothing planned , just don't have to work ... YES ! 
To go to work tonight , or to not go to work tonight ... that is the question . 
Up next ... hot bubble bath ... ahhh ... 
FYI , < PROPFIRST > was a priest who served during the 3rd century in Rome . When Emperor Claudius II decided that single men made better soldiers than those w/ wives & families , he outlawed marriage for young men . < PROPFIRST > , realizing the injustice of the decree , defied Claudius & continued to perform marriages for young lovers in secret . When < PROPFIRST>'s actions were discovered , Claudius ordered that he be put to death . 
Thanks to all for the b-day wishes ! It has been a good & interesting b-day , w/ several missionary opportunities , probably the best birthday gift one could receive . So , just to let anyone & everyone know , I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints & if you have ? ' s about the Gospel , or about your purpose on earth , don't hesitate to ask . I would <3 to share my knowledge ! :) 
I need a nap ... 
5 days and counting till Mama comes to visit ! 
IMPORTANT !!! Please watch the link on my wall ! It is very informative to today's government and the world we live in ... Please pass it on when done ! 
I've been spoiled . Surprise belated birthday dinner party by my mom and hubby ? . Gifts , movies , breakfast , dinner ... It's been super sweet ! :) 
I really miss my Dad ! There isn't a day that goes by that I just wish this was a bad dream . Daddy , I <3 you and miss you so much ! Together , forever , always you and me ... <3 
<3 I love my hubby ! Just thought I would say that . :) <3 
I'm still not feeling quite right , having dizzy spells and anxiety attacks . Jered has been so sweet , he has taken care of me , driving me around to and letting me sleep a lot . He also made Pad Thai for dinner tonight , very yummy . He even was a good sport and let me take a picture of us ! 
Bleached my teeth ! Got my < PROPFEMALE > whites back ! :) 
Please pray for my father in-law , < PROPFIRST > L . Adams . He really needs the Lord with him . <3 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood ! 
My neck hurts and I am super dizzy . Think I'm gonna boot a < PROPFEMALE > out of my spot in bed and take a nap . 
Ugh , still feel crappy . My neck is killing me ! I have the worst headache ever because of it . I have no < PROPFEMALE > to do ANYTHING ! 
Having a slow start today . My neck is still not right and I have class today . Just make it through .... ugh ... 
I feel like a part of me is missing . His name is \Daddy \"." 
5ft and 89 pounds is not healthy . I hope I feel better soon . 
I am still not all together . I am so tired and fatigued . No energy at all . However , I did accomplish the task of laundry ! It took me two days for two loads , but I did it ! Grateful for the little things . I really want to feel better though , this is getting old . 
This morning Jered was in the shower & I was on the couch resting waiting for General Conference to start when I heard a ruckus from the other room . Chopper had fallen out of his pen & into the litter box ! Jered not being available , I had to wrestle Chopper & calm him down . Chopper was nice & calm so I picked him up , then he proceeded to pee on me ... Needless to say , I was next for the shower . 
Not to be forward , but I am desperate ... Please pray that I'll feel better soon ! I need all the help I can get . I really need to get back to my work & school schedule . I am still very weak , & always want to sleep ; everything takes so much energy , especially wrestling an alligator . Good news , I have gained some weight . Up to 94 pounds ! Jered has been shoving food down my throat , thank goodness someone has . :) 
Seriously in need of a miracle ! Need to feel better ! Need to have things go in a positive direction ! 
If you have a husband that makes you laugh , that you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , who is your world , and a man that you can thank God every night for , copy and paste this to your profile with YOUR anniversary date ... 7/8/06 
After a lot of hard work , I am FINALLY all caught up in school from being sick and missing several weeks of class ! Feels really good to not be behind anymore ! Couldn't have done it without the support and help of some really AWESOME people ! Thanks ! 
Wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms , I have you in my heart ! Repost if you have someone in Heaven . 
Went hiking and free climbing at Jump Creek Canyon with Jered , < PROPFIRST > and the in-laws ! It was so awesome ! The weather was perfect . Such a beautiful place . I had so much fun ! But now , I'm warn out . Who knows how many < PROPMALE > we climbed and hiked ... 
My Calculus test is being graded as we speak ! I am dying to know what I got ! This test literally haunted my dreams !!! I won't know what I got until Thursday ... I don't know if I can wait that long ! 
I got an 89% on my calculus test ! Rock on ! 
EWWW , the boys are being boys ! I have to leave the room before I get sick ! Food , scary movies and two immature boys don't make a good combo ! 
I think I am going to work on my Dad's memory book . If anyone wants to add a thought and/or memory about him , you can message me with it on Facebook and I will be sure to add it . I know that all of his family and friends would love to hear what you have to say and share ! <3 
<3 Still looking for contributions to my Dad's memory book . If any of you have a memory/thought you would like to add of my Dad , I know his family and friends would love to see it ! <3 
Today seems to be a happy day ! 
Out of the blue , my mom said she wanted to be here when I do my Dad's < PROPFEMALE > work . She not being a member , I informed her she could not go inside the < PROPFEMALE > . Then she asked if she could go inside a regular church building , and could I figure out what time they meet on Sundays because she is feeling like she needs some guidance ! I NEVER saw that coming , so excited ! 
Finals tomorrow ! 
Date night tonight ! Dinner at the Outback then off to see Iron Man 2 ! Excited ! 
Nothing knew going on , but I am excited for church tomorrow . I've been looking forward to it . I don't know why , maybe because I haven't been since I've been sick and on nights . I hope I can get up , I am so not a morning person . 
How sad , another great music legend gone . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio passed away today . I think I am going to have a Dio/Black Sabbeth ( Heaven and Hell ) music-a-thon . 
Jered and I are going to work on our yard today ... TOGETHER ! May sound silly , but we are excited , something new and refreshingly different to do together . Plus , since now , we know for sure we get to keep the house , time to make it OURS ! Off to Zamzows to get some yard stuff . Mama gave us some flowers , they are gonna get planted today too ... hopefully ! :) 
Final grades are in ... I GOT AN \A\ " IN MY MATH CLASS ! I am so happy ! Hard work and prayers really pay off ! " 
A year ago , my world stopped turning . We had our last conversation . I held your hand , I kissed your cheek , I squeezed you so tight , I told you how much I loved you . One last time , we parted ways ... \Till the next time . \ " I <3 you Daddy ! I miss you so much ! " 
I think \Mother Nature\ " has lost her cotton-pickin ' mind ... it's snowing at the end of May ? It was actually warmer when I went to work at 5am than it is right now ! My car was covered in snow after work ... I put the ice scrapper away for the season ... I BETTER NOT have to dig it out ! " 
I've been working on my family history and have been introduced to so many family members I've never met . It's really interesting to see how we all fit together . 
Sooo ready for bed ... 
I can't believe < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died ! Another < PROPFEMALE > from childhood has passed on ... so sad :( 
Poor Chopper ... last night he had a mishap with his pond heater . We found him drowning at the bottom of his pond being electrocuted by it ! We didn't hear him thrash or anything ! Jered saved him & put him up on the land where he spit out water from his nose . We feel so bad , like we let him down . He's alive , but only time will tell if he'll be okay . Please pray for our alligator baby's health to return . 
Disaster Cleanup is coming out to assess the damage this afternoon . Last night , Jered & I had to pull out gross , nasty carpet from that room . We decided , since it has to go , we are gonna replace it with hard wood , so next time ( hopefully there will be no next time ) it can just be mopped up & disinfected . For now , Chopper is residing in my master bath soaker tub . Ugh !!!! Thank goodness for homeowners insurance ! 
If your kids recently got Shrek glasses from McDonald's DON'T LET THEM HANDLE OR DRINK OUT OF THEM ! They are being recalled due to high cadmiumcontent . Cadmiun can cause cancer , bone softening and kidney disease . PLEASE REPOST AND PASS THE WORD To find out more go to McDonalds Recalls 
I am making pulled pork for dinner with a co-worker's recipe ... so excited . I had never had it until recently and it was so good ! 
So , an interesting turn of events has occurred out of the blue ... last night , my stepson moved in with us because of a situation with his mom ... will this be for the summer ? For a month ? Who knows ... this could get interesting . 
I got my hair cut ! Yeah , thanks < PROPFEMALE > for coming over and doing it . You're the only one I can trust to cut it right . Hopefully , it will grow now ! 
French fries for dinner ... yummy ! 
I'm feeling pretty good right now . Just got back from my meeting with the Stake Presidency to renew my < PROPFEMALE > recommend . I can't wait to do Dad's < PROPFEMALE > work ! My physical pain has disappeared and has been replaced with excitement ! 
Drove with the tops off today ( on the car gentlemen ! ) ! Z Baby got washed and is all pretty and clean . Turning heads going down the street ! Such a beauty ! 
Sometime yesterday , I started feeling sick ... it's been down hill from there . I haven't been able to keep anything down and I have a headache that just won't quit . I am sick and tired of being tired and sick ... what gives ? 
Why does my iTouch ALWAYS lose it's mind when I am getting ready for work ?! This is the second time that erased all my music off itself before work ? I spent an hour creating a new playlist so my 12hr shift wouldn't be silent . Ugh ! 
I am so tired ! 
I need sleep . I am sick from not sleeping and stress . Came home early from work to sleep and can I sleep ?... nope , Jered and < PROPFIRST > are playing guitar ... I guess I'll just have to wait until I pass out . 
My poor < PROPFEMALE > ... she keeps sneezing ! It is adorable , and funny because she sounds like a person when she sneezes ! The poor thing can't stop sneezing though , I feel bad . Is there < PROPFEMALE > Benedryl ? 
Happy Father's Day Jered ! Happy Father's Day to all the Dads out there . Enjoy your day ! 
Got up as if I were going to work but instead took Jer < PROPMALE > to the airport , then had to take < PROPFIRST > to school . I got home w/ enough time to change Chopper's water , then it was time for me to pick < PROPFIRST > up from school . Return < PROPMALE > home once more ; then left to go pick up a friend's daughter from driver's < PROPMALE > . I still have to pick Jer < PROPMALE > up from the airport at 9:30 tonight ... It's nice to actually be ne < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... I am tir < PROPMALE > though . 
I've been having way too much fun pricing out accessories and what not for \Z Baby\ " . Gotta have a wish list ... mine includes new embroidered floor mats ... ;-) " 
It's the weekend ! What to do ??? 
Life is stressful ... this better be worth it in the long run ! 
The heat is killing me ! Not even kidding . It's so hot out that I can feel my energy being sucked out of me . Instant headache , dizzy ... on my way to having a heat stroke ... oh yeah ! Not at all cool , literally ! 
Going to the < PROPFEMALE > today !!!! Very excited , I really need this right now !!! 
When life throws you lemons ... THROW THEM BACK !!! 
I just want a normal day ! A day where things go well , a day that nothing bad happens . I thought I was having that day , to find out that my pet , < PROPFEMALE > died ! We rushed her to the vet , not knowing she was gone then got charged double ! They charged me for an exam and a necropsy ! What exam ?! We were there for all of 5 minutes when they told us she was dead !!! I think I'm gonna cry myself to sleep now ... 
Jered made dinner and it was ready when I came home , so sweet ! I miss my < PROPFEMALE > baby so bad ... can't believe she is just gone . Jered has been helping me with lots of hugs . I miss my dad a lot too right now , a week away from his birthday , our wedding anniversary . Off to bed for another tear-filled night ... I need to get it together . 
Blessed are they that mourn : for they shall be comforted . - < PROPFIRST > 5:4 
I am Murphy !!! Went to my friend's daughter's baptism , feeling good ... Then Chopper creates a title wave in his pond creating a lake underneath on our new hard wood floors , taking forever to mop up . Then found cat pee , again , on our new hard wood floors , had to mop that up . Followed by finding a FINGER NAIL in a < PROPFEMALE > Cuisine ... I lost it . Yes , on the hard wood floors , and had to mop that up . I'm going to bed ! 
Went for a hike and free climbing today with Jered's family to < PROPFIRST>'s Gulch in Oregon . It was awesome ! Hot , but awesome . I am so tire , ready for bed . 
\Then I said 
Today is the 6 anniversary of me joining the church , so I got up early and went to the < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > ! It was awesome ! I was able to hear my Dad and spend time with him . Then , I came home to hear the news that Jered got the job at IMFT ... unofficially , but I'll take it ! Just enjoying a GREAT day ! 
Cleaning the spare room , aka the junk room . Yeah , not so much fun . 
Happy anniversary to Jered and I !!! Four years ago today we were married for time and all eternity ! Today is also my Dad's birthday , he would have been 71 . Daddy , I love you , I miss you and I can't wait to be with you again ! 
So excited that Jered got a job ! Such a stress relief . 
Just finished washing and detailing my mom's car by hand ... I'm too poor to have it done professionally . Looks good , hope my mom thinks so too . 
Today is my sister and brother in-law's 30th wedding anniversary !!! Congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! Love you both , enjoy your day !!! 
Ummm ... food ... 
Chowing down on some home made < PROPMALE > ' n ' cheese . Used Daddy's recipe . Nothing like comfort food . Ummm , so good ! 
I am so tired ! Can barely keep my eyes open ! 4 more hrs of work then another 40 minute drive home ... must stay awake ! 
Let me tell you ... driving 32 < PROPMALE > ( not including a detour into Boise ) , in rush hour traffic , in 108 degree heat ( yes , thats right ... 108 people ... the temp gauge doesn't lie ) , with no AC ... NOT FUN ! Just in case any of you thought about trying it ... DON'T! 
Woke up , went to church , came home , made chili from scratch for the first time , washed Marro ... so far a pretty productive day . Now ... do I nap before I take on washing the Beast or not ? 
Ha ha ... so , I did NOT take a nap before taking on Beast ! That right there is an accomplishment . So , to add to my last status ... Woke up , went to church , came home , made chili from scratch for the first time , washed Marro and Beast ! Oh , I rock ! 
Gonna make the 6:30 am session at the < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > this morning ! Looking forward to starting my day off right . Oh how odd to be up before the sun ... 
YOURPHONE NUMBER IS NOW ON FACEBOOK !! NO JOKE ... Go tothe top right of yourscreen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go to the left side of your screen and click Phonebook . Everyone's phone#'s are now being published . Please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can ... remove !!!! 
Cleaned the whole kitchen this morning , including the inside of the fridge . Did more laundry , took < PROPMALE > to the vet ... ugh , I am so hungry ! 
Jered leaves for UT today :-( I am going to miss him so much . I am grateful that he has a job though . Last night , when I got home from work , he surprised me and took me out to see Eclipse and to dinner . So sweet . I love him so much . Praying for safe travels for him ! 
Ummm , okay , take 2 ... So Jered left for UT , and then about 40 mins after he left , he calls ... his car broke down ! Had to call AAA to get a tow to his uncle < PROPMALE>'s shop in Boise . I had to meet them there , took WAY longer than expected ... 3 hrs longer ! Now , Jered is on the road again , in my Dad's Camaro . Back to no AC for me . Please Lord , let him arrive safe this time !!! 
Okay , 3rd time is a charm ... right ? Jered left for UT this morning , the Jeep broke down 40 minutes into the trip . Had to call AAA , & go get him . Dropped myself off @ home , then he took Marro . He broke down AGAIN right outside Twin Falls ! Again , AAA was called & I was on the road to get him . Now he has Z ... Please Lord , let him make it to UT ! Please !!! 
Yeah !!! Jered made it to Lehi , UT !!! He got there just before midnight ! Poor guy ! Officially started the trip at 10am ... 14 hours , and three cars later , he arrives safe , sound , but oh so tired and frustrated . Now ... how do I get to work ? 
Being stranded sucks ... in case anyone was wondering ... 
Just when things start to look up , they take a nose dive . Back to being stranded ... \ 
\ 
Dear Lord , enough is enough ... can we move on now ? Please ... Thank you . 
The pain is so great that I can't believe that this is my life . I haven't hurt this bad since my accident . The pain meds that the doctor prescribed say \DO NOT DISPENSE TO PERSONS UNDER 21 YEARS OF AGE\ " ... that's just awesome ... " 
Had Aunt Shar & Uncle < PROPMALE > over for dinner tonight ! Nice to have company since Jered is away . They helped me < PROPFEMALE > some doors on the office . Then tomorrow I get to have dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and Kaden followed by family home evening ! Looking forward to it , something positive ... Yeah ! 
It's early and I'm up ... gotta get movin ' if I want to make my appointment on time . Beast is having his brakes done this morning . I swear , I am starting to think that I should just move into < PROPMALE>'s shop ... I guess it would be closer to work ... UGH ! 
Don't ask about today ... it's too depressing . 
Had a fun time with < PROPFIRST > . I wish we could have < PROPMALE > out longer than just one night . :( 
What is it with people ... if you say you are going to be somewhere at a certain time ... BE THERE AT THAT TIME ! If you are not going to be there , LET THEM KNOW YOU ARE NOT GOING TO BE THERE ! Is it really THAT hard ? 
Had a Priesthood Blessing today ... it really changed my mood . My day is so much better . I love the Gospel ! 
Jered is on his way home from Lehi , UT for the weekend ! I am so excited ! I haven't seen him in 3 weeks ! 
Jered left for UT again ... another two weeks all by myself . :( 
At work , outside with a Coke and some OREOs ... HAPPY SATURDAY ! 
School starts tomorrow . Ready or not , here I go again . Let's see , what time does class start again ? 
First day of class down ... Back to the homework grind ... ugh ... I CAN do this ! 
Ugh ... woke up this morning & got ready for work . Go to the garage & NEITHER of my cars will run ! What is up with this ? Hitched a ride to work , then to school , then back to work & finally home ... I work with some really awesome guys ! You really know who your friends are when you are in need . Thanks guys , you know who you are ! :) 
Getting ready for my crazy schedule ... modifying part of my night work schedule to accommodate my day classes . Yes , that's right ... working nights and doing class during the day ... not what I had really planned on , but it'll all work out . 
Decided on a whim to drive to Lehi , UT to visit the hubby ... I miss him . Got in the Jeep and hit the road after work . And of course , the Jeep died in the middle of nowhere . Then my knight in shinning red armour ( Jered in my Z ) came to my rescue ! 
Ugh ... came home from work to find that Chopper's pond sprung a leak ! Water everywhere , completely ruining the hardwood floors we just put in after < PROPFIRST>'s mishap in June . Relocated Chopper to the bathtub once again , mopped it up & now , I think I can finally go to bed . 4 hrs of this ! Jered is suppose to come home this weekend , thank goodness . Work tonight might seem like a vacation compared to this . 
Grades posted for the first Chemistry exam ... I got a ' B'! Not bad ... 
My hip & back are finally starting to recover from my slip & fall while holding Chopper Friday night . His pond sprung a leak & I had to get him upstairs to the bath tub . With no one to pass him off to , I had to jump while holding him over the side . I haven't been able to put weight on my right leg & have been taking pain pills & babying it since . Really sucks ! 
Bears baby ! 3-0 !!! 
Dinner with Grandma , always nice ! 
Enjoying a nice ice cold COCA-COLA ... I'm telling you they should pay me to love their product so much ! Enjoy ! ;) 
I miss Jered so much ! It is so hard to have him away . I know that it is a good thing , because he has a job , but I hate not having him here . This <3 is for you love ! 
I like it on the end table ... 
Super excited ... gonna hit the road to UT to see my < PROPFEMALE > ! Haven't seen him in a month !!! Gotta get ready to go !!! :) 
My < PROPFEMALE > is home for the weekend !!! Feels like home again ! 
Got 100% on three Chemistry quizzes in a row ! Feeling pretty good about that . Hopefully I can recreate that on the exam Friday . Feeling pretty motivated . 
??? I want to wish my parents a Happy Anniversary !!! 28 years today , and even though Daddy's no longer on earth to celebrate , I know he is with Mama this day ! Love you both !!! ??? 1 
* sigh * Our Black Throat Monitor took a crap on our carpet while trying to fix his cage . If you don't know , they have the worst smelling \stuff\ " on the face of the earth and regular cleaning doesn't get the smell out . And Jered says reptiles are easier than children ...? I think not ! Bring on the children ... * sigh * " 
Somehow got a virus on my computer and haven't been able to use the internet for a while . Hopefully I got it fixed ... Thank you Norton for helping me out in my time of need . :) 
Went to the doctor today for the sharp pains I have been having in my head , left eye and ear . They feel like electric shocks to the brain , really painful . Anyway , he said it sounds like Trigeminal Neuralgia and I am now on a treatment plan for it . Hopefully he is right and the pain will go away soon . 
Every person has 1000 wishes ; a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer ... <3 U & Miss U < PROPMALE > ! 
This pain has to stop !!! Oh my goodness gracious , I really hope the meds the doc gave start working soon . I feel like my brain is being electrocuted ! 
My MRI came back and there are no signs of a tumor ... thank goodness ! Restarting the meds for the TN , hopefully they'll start working soon . 
Jered decided that I should have a better vehicle for winter . I'm not hard to please , my criteria was that it had to have 4 doors , automatic , AWD or 4WD ... not only did I get all that ... I got cup holders too !!! Oh how I have missed cup holders !!! 
Share if your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly ! 
My \headaches\ " have been slowly returning ... ugh !!! Good news is I have a doctor's follow up today . Maybe we can nip this in the < PROPMALE > quick . Hopefully . " 
Life's journey is not to arrive at the grave safely in a well preserved body , but rather to skid in sideways , totally worn out , shouting , \ ... holy cow ... what a ride ! \"" 
I feel like my head is just going to explode when the pain hits . Why is it getting worse ? Why can't I just be normal ? I am living in a cave , all my blinds are closed . I only go out in the dark . I feel like some sort of night crawler . I get sick when the pain hits , sometimes instantly . I barely made it home from work , couldn't even go upstairs . I lived on the couch for two days . Please make it go away ... 
I feel like I am going to pass out , but my boys are hungry . I am trying to fight this so I can make my boys some food . I can do this ! 
* sigh * The meds are seeming to work , I've been in quite a bit less pain with my head ... Thank Goodness ! I just want them to go away , I want my life back ! 
Christmas came early for a certain Adams gentleman . He is now the proud owner of a vehicle that is reliable ! Maybe not having to worry about cars breaking down all the time will help relieve some stress and I'll start to feel better . Now to get ready for my doctor appointment . * sigh * 
\part of every misery is ... the misery's shadow or reflection : the fact that you don't merely suffer but have to keep on thinking about the fact that you suffer . \ " - C.S. < PROPFIRST > " 
I'm so out of it . The meds I was given to help get the old ones out of my system make it so I can't see straight . Hence why I've been staying home . I thought I was going crazy and hallucinating because I thought I saw Jered when I woke up . Ha ! No , I was not hallucinating , he took the day off and hurried home to take care of me after finding out what the doctor said . So sweet , I started to cry ! 
Not sure what to say ... Jered went a head a got < PROPFIRST > an entertainment setup for his bedroom . I understand he's really wanted to do this for him for a long time , but does a 15 year old REALLY need a 50\ Plasma 3D TV w/ 7.1 surround ? Apparently I was mistaken when I thought not . " 
I really hope < PROPFIRST > like's his Christmas gift . If not , I'm putting it in my room ! Can anyone help me with a big bow to put on his door ? 
Yummy , roast with horseradish sauce ! So good . < PROPFIRST > can't stand the smell of horseradish , but for some reason , knowing that makes it taste that much better ! I'm such a pill ! 
My head ! 
You would think my brain would be scrambled by now with the pain it's been dealing with . 
I feel like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > in an episode of \HOME IMPROVEMENT\ " . Where's < PROPMALE > when you need him ? " 
< PROPMALE>'s new pen is done and he is in it . Jered has left for UT in this snow . I got the garage cleared enough to put the cars back in there . Thinking about putting up my Christmas decorations . I only have a few , but might as well ... right ? 
Enjoying some peppermint hot chocolate watching Better Off < PROPMALE > on Netflix ... oh yeah ! 
Classes have been canceled because of the snow ... YES ! Back to bed I go ! 
Change your profile picture to a Cartoon from yourchildhood . No human faces should be on Facebook until Monday , December 6th in support of the campaign against Child Abuse . 
I have a follow-up appointment tomorrow about my TN . Is it weird that I'm excited about it ? 
Going to the < PROPFEMALE > today with < PROPFEMALE > ! Super excited ! It's gonna be a good day ! :) 
Downloading more Christmas music ... I love Christmas music ! 
TO ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!! Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his family . 
My stupid FB got messed up somehow . It says my current city is in OH even though I've changed it & no one can post on my wall . Does anyone know how to fix this ? 
Working on Christmas cards listening to Christmas music and drinking peppermint candycane hot chocolate ... I love this time of year ! 
I made it to church and it was wonderful ! I've been so tired and sick , it's been a long time since I've been . Grateful to have been there today , I needed it ! 
Going to the < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > today ! I can't sleep , feeling so good ! 
I need someone to shovel my driveway ... I don't have a shovel , plus , it's cold . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone out there in Facebook Land ! 
Jered just finished installing one of my Christmas presents ... speakers in our bathroom so I can rock out while I soak in tub ! Oh yeah ! 
Having < PROPFEMALE > Southfield take pictures of me and Jered at the Capital Building today ! So excited , I can hardly wait ! 
Had our pictures taken this afternoon and I had such a great time ! Thanks < PROPMALE > for being so awesome ! I can't wait to see them all , more sneak peeks please ! :) 
Some last minute errands to run with my < PROPFEMALE > before he heads back to Utah . Do you think I can make them last ALL day ? I'm sure gonna try . :) 
Jered is headed back to Utah ... again . Every time he leaves gets harder and harder . Looking forward to seeing < PROPMALE>'s finished photos and my mom coming to visit this weekend . I can do this ! 
Worried about Jered's travel back to UT . He's pulled over already to nap b/c he's tired . Now , back on the road , still tired w/ bad weather . Prayers please ! 
Jered made it to UT safe and sound just after midnight . He called me and went straight to bed ! Thanks for all your positive thoughts and prayers ! 
Ringing in the new year at work ... Do you think it would be too much to ask to have a confetti filled FOUP drop from the ceiling at midnight ? Probably ... might be a contamination issue ... 
My mom is visiting ! I woke up to the smell of homemade cookies ... such a sweet smell ! 
Gonna go to the < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > today ! I decided to work on some of my Family History ! I found some new information which is really exciting , but now I have to figure out how it all fits together ! Where is a Family History Consultant when you need one ??? 
One more work day then it's the weekend . 
Woke up so sick . Starting to gain some energy back . Hoping to feel normal again soon . 
Go back to the doctor tomorrow for a follow-up on my TN headaches . I've been feeling a whole lot better ( except for being sick this weekend ) . I hope he says I can go back to a normal work schedule , that would awesome . But we'll see . Wish me luck ! :) 
In Utah visiting Jered ! Arrived Saturday night and get four whole days ! So much to do , or not do . 
Having a great time in Utah w/ Jered ! He surprised me with a new camera this afternoon ! A Nikon ! I am so excited to try it out ! We've gone to the Utah Auto Show where I saw the 2011 Dodge Durango R/T ... so awesome ! They finally got rid of that ugly design & are bringing back the original one like mine ! Today went around to all the Temples nearby with < PROPFEMALE > ! So much fun , haven't seen her in forever ! Pics to come ! 
I am still feeling pretty bad . However , I am feeling better , I have two window shades open instead of them all closed . I figure that is progress . Jered has left for Pakistan and is currently in Dubai . He will be there until the 7th and then head on to Pakistan . I will post pictures of Dubai as he sends them to me . He says it's really neat there . 
I am back on Vicodin for the pain in my head . This is not how I imagined life to be . Please pray that I will be able to return to work this week . I need some sort of income . I need to get better ! My doctor's appointment isn't until the 7th , and the ER can't seem to do anything more for me than Vicodin . Prayers please , for me and for Jered and < PROPFIRST > who are on there way to Pakistan . 
Doctor's appointment Monday ... hopefully everything can get sorted out . Or at least get started on getting sorted out . I am miserable . 
Went to the doctor today ... after revealing some strange bruises and odd joint pains , Doc requested some blood work to make sure my cell counts , thyroids and blood sugars are all good . Basically , even though I am emotionally okay , my depression has caused my body to stop operating and working the way it should . And then there is also the TN ! What a joy , Heavenly Father will get me through , of this I am sure ! 
Ugh . New meds make it so I can't sleep even though I am tired ! First I sleep too much now I can't sleep at all . Doc is giving me yet another med to help me sleep . This is so frustrating . 
If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ????? 
I hate traveling when I'm sick , I really don't have energy to navigate an airport . But Mom bought my ticket to PDX for my bday a month ago , can't disappoint . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . Had a nice day with my mom looking at old family pictures that have been packed away for almost 10 years ... since we left Chicago ! Been fun learning about my family history . Probably one of my greatest birthday gifts . I have a lot of < PROPFEMALE > work to do when I'm feeling better ! :) 
Irritated ... and I don't feel well ... adds to the irritation . 
Blood tests show my potassium level is low again among other things . Doc started me on potassium pills & a different drug for my TN . Hopefully this will do it ! 
Ummm ... so apparently it's daylight savings time ... I woke up and my computer , phone , and iPod all said one time , and all my clocks in my house said some else ... it's too early for this type of confusion ! 
Feeling pretty good today compared to most days . Woke up to a phone call from my < PROPFEMALE > wanting to know how I was doing . I miss him so much . Little things like that make life so much better . 
Wishing things were different . 
So nice to be with my < PROPFEMALE > ... it's been way too long . Over a month ! 
I am now the proud user of Windows 7 ... holy cow ... it is way better than Vista ! Thank You Jered , I love you so much ! You are always making sure I am in the \here and now\ " as far as technology goes ! " 
Jered spent the day installing a new media only stereo and Infinity speakers in my Durango ! Now I don't need the old school tape deck adapter to listen to my iPod in the car ! He said he wants to do more but it will have to wait . I think he's done more than enough . I love him so much ! 
Jered , < PROPFIRST > & I came home this afternoon to find that < PROPMALE > had escaped his pen again & had hid under the head board in the master bedroom . I walked into our room & I saw a grey & white scaly thing under the drawers of the headboard . I stopped & bust out laughing , what a funny lizard . In case anyone is wondering , to get a 5ft , 33lb lizard out from under a 500 lb , solid oak headboard , bribery works quite well ... 
Woke up this morning and opened the door to find < PROPMALE > right outside of it . He has become quite the escape artist , and apparently , he really wants in our room ! 
It's such a beautiful day . If my eye was okay , I would take Marro out for a ride . I feel bad for Marro , all cooped up in the cold , dark garage ... :( 
I love General Conference . It helps me feel strong when I've been feeling weak . There is so much I forget about my Savior in my day to day that now I remember . 
A new < PROPFEMALE > announced in Meridian Idaho !!! Sweet ! So exciting ! 
I was going through some old boxes of stuff that never found a home in the house after we moved in . I found a $25 gift card to Red < PROPFIRST > and my Dad's Chicago Cubs baseball cap ! Sweet day ! <3 
