I'm off to a pedicure and massage . Ahhhhh 

Back from pedicure , massage and then kickboxing .... lI missed the kindergarten class on order I guess . But it was GREAT ! 
Mmm .. kay bored going poolside 
I officially have another teenager in the house ..... Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
Back from Hurricane Harbor with the kids . It was a DAYCATION and you could make a pretty nice Italian leather handbag or so with my skin right now ! Moisturizer Pleeeez :) 
Packin up to leave for Cayucos today !! Fun for the 4th :) 
< PROPMALE > said that people are having fires on the beach and thinks I should get off of the computer . Oh okay twist my arm ... let's go check it out ! 
Planting Flowers ! 
On my way to see < PROPFIRST > for lunch !!! Excited :) 
Just got back in town and I think I'm melting !!! 
Back from the first football practice of the season . GO QUAKES !!, < PROPFEMALE>'s cheer practice and Baja . I need a massage tomorrow ! The picnic table for two hours took it's toll on my back ..... wa wa wa 
< PROPFEMALE > passed her written test today !!!! I am sooooo excited :) 
Going to make some home made tamales today and possibly some fresh bread . I know it's hot out ! What am I thinking ? 
I am tamaled out ! I think I made 112 tamales yesterday . Spicy chicken , spicy beef and of course green chile and cheese . The bread recipe didn't turn out so well . Whole wheat bread with the < PROPFEMALE > mix . Yes I even ground up my own wheat berries for wheat flour . It didn't rise well . Can't say I didn't try . 
Selling all my ebay items today . What will I do with all the extra space that I have then ? I have some ideas :) 
Going to get busy now . 
The kids will officially be at three DIFFERENT schools tomorrow . Summer seriously needs to be extended a month ! On a good note , < PROPFEMALE > gets to take her first behind the wheel session and then all I will hear is ... \Can I drive ? \"." 
I think I might work out today ..... later of course ! 
Pick < PROPFEMALE > up at 9:00 from Cheer and I am DONE running around for the kids today . It's been a long one , but fun . 
Busy weekend .... two days of < PROPFEMALE > Moore simulcast . Pretty great . I missed Hunters football game but he made the touchdown and that is waaay cool . Cleaning and organizing left to do before midnite ! 
Okay , today is the day I start working out again . Tonight actually . It IS Monday and I AM just going to do it . Somebody better check in on me later and make sure I survived since it's been so long ! 
Okay all .... I did go to the gym on Monday and guess what ??? I survived a little sore but not bad so I'm going again tonite . Oh and I drove right by the fast food places on the way home today even though I was starving . Progress :) 
My little < PROPMALE > is 11 today . He is the cutest ever !! I am blessed :) 
Great game last nite . < PROPMALE > made three touchdowns and came about six yards from making one more . Very exciting to watch !! 
Okay ..... been working out some and now I can hardly sit down on the toilet and I feel like I am walking with a wet diaper between my legs thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Michaels 30 day shred workout . OUCH ! 
I haven't shaved in 7 weeks now !!! This is a strange but incredible feeling . Laser hair removal rocks !! Call < PROPFEMALE > at Advanced Women's Healthcare on Brimhall ..... I think they are still having an awesome special right now . 
I love the rain ! I was starting to think that our weather peeps had lost it with their new \rain shadow\ " term . " 
I am not one to use the word \hate\ " but I can say \ " I HATE HOMEWORK !!! \ " Football game tonite .... will need hot chocolate :) " 
Happy Halloween People !! Gettin ready to go out and about with the kids . Not sure where yet .... it's an adventure :) 
Out with the pumpkins and in with the turkeys .... I am waiting for the reindeer ! It won't be long . 
Last football game tonite ..... then HOMEWORK is the new sport ! 
Installed countertops , wood ceiling , lighting , sheetrock and today I will be laying stone . My hands are dirty ..... this is fun ! 
Okay ... today I am lookin like CRAPOLA but I'm feeling GOOD ! Crazy 
Just got done eating a bomb lasagna with the family . It was nice with no football practice tonite . I even got spelling pre tests done ! 
Getting ready to head out for Sacramento ....... Road trip !!!! 
We took first place in Sacramento yesterday for CHEER ! 
Getting ready to go to bed after putting up more rock . Seeeee this is why I sleep in people ;) 
I am high on paint stain fumes right now . I think I'll go sit down . 
I'm feeling really blecky . I think I will try a good workout at the gym to see if it helps . I'm outta here . 
Going shopping 
Heading out for some last minute shopping for the weekend . We are having an open gate weekend so if you want to ride or play you are welcome to come . 
Recovering from four days of over indulging and now I'm bulging . I'm a poet and I know it : 0 Better take a nap and straighten up 
What a beautiful day ! The leaves are so colorful and falling from the trees and the sun is SHINING ! 
Gettin ready to go to Anaheim . Cheer comp . tomorrow and then maybe a little Disneyland and some Southcoast Plaza . Yessss ... 
I love the rain but along with it comes nice BIG AFRO hair . I feel like Animal on the Muppets {{{{: / 
I need to finish the slate on my fireplace and not very motivated sooooo I'm bending over , will someone give me a swift kick to get going ??? 
I love the mud !!!! I'm wishing that I still had my Jeep . That was the best for mud puddles ! 
Such a Beautiful day out today ! And smells great too . On the downside .... I just cleaned a bathroom . Where is my maid ? I think she ran off with my hairdresser ! 
Okay , I think I WANT a job . I am in NEED of more fulfillment instead of just existing so it needs to be something that piques my passion . I am passionate about Cooking ( would love to have a little restaurant out here on my property ) , Fitness/Health especially Alternative medicine dealing with BHRT ( a Wellness Center would be great ) , and helping the less fortunate . So with this I ask ..... any ideas ???? 
I think I could freeze tonite and nobody will find me in the fog ! 
This is the first Christmas spent without my hubby in 15 years . We haven't opened presents yet ........ maybe tonite late ..... maybe tomorrow ..... but we will wait because he's our < PROPFEMALE > !!! :) 
Happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > and Happy Anniversary to ME ! 
I believe in MIRACLES ! 
My daughter is officially SWEET 16 !!! And she is sweet about 90% of the time so I am lucky :) 
K ... not real sure about the celeb look alike thing that's going on but let's have some fun . I'm < PROPFEMALE > Evans . Now post yours :) 
It seems that I have several doppelgangers so today I am < PROPFEMALE > Hoffs from the Bangles for my friends < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Today I am Wonder Woman per my friend < PROPFIRST>'s comment . It's fun being all these different little beauties . How will I ever go back to < PROPFEMALE > ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > Claims to be anti-social but is the exact opposite . Very beautiful and one of a kind personality . Has fun just about all the time and can make you laugh when you least expect it . Enjoys playing halo and can kick ass in Guitar Hero 3 . Has amazing talents with her mouth and can do just about anything with it . Most spectacular/lovable person you could ever meet . She is so awesome ; she has to be an < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Took the kids to schools , hit the gym , grocery store , cleaned out and reorganized two refrigerators all before noon . It must be the Wonder Woman pic !! 
Headed to Palms Springs for the weekend . I am taking my < PROPFEMALE > flavored snow cone syrup in case I get to make my own snow cones on the way . You never know . 
Palm Springs is gorgeous today . Headed to the jacuzzi ..... again :) 
Palm Springs was great but I am soooo looking forward to my HUGE bed and my hubby tonite ..... and no earplugs ( uh hum , you know who you are ) ;) 
My man makes the BEST fried chicken in the whole WORLD !!! 
Today < PROPFEMALE > got to drive herself to school ( and the boys ) . I have been waiting a Long time for this day and it's pretty exciting ! I have a feeling she will be stopping at the grocery store later :) 
I finally did it ! I volunteered with Flood Ministries on Sat . nite and it was an awesome experience . I think it does just as much for you when you help out others :) What a great organization ...... if anyone has items to donate let me know and I will be glad to take them down there . Many families with children need so much right now . We are blessed . 
Can't wait to snuggle with my < PROPFEMALE > { > 
I remarried my man this weekend in Newport Beach . And I didn't laugh at any of my vows this time . Pretty Cool 
The wildflowers are INSANE today and the smell is INCREDIBLE !! I'm going back outside :) 
My muffin ( < PROPMALE > ) has chickenpox today . He had a fever last nite and stayed home from school today thinking it was just a mild flu but nooooo . Looks like spring break starts early for him :( 
What a great Easter with family and friends . God is Great !!! And so was the food :) 
It's < PROPMALE>'s BIRTHDAY today and I'm in love :) For those of you who know him feel free to send him a bday text to 342-9348 if you get a chance ...... it was a real hit with him last year ( I think he got about 40 out of nowhere and it made his day ) . 
Wow this facebook birhtday thing is pretty great . I wish that I would have gotten on here yesterday to see all of your wishes . I would have just had everbody gather around my computer screen and had my cake there with all of you . Thank you for being so thoughtful my friends it made my day ..... TODAY !!! :) 
I got sworn in today soooo .... I am officially a Notary Public and certified < PROPFEMALE > signing agent :) Somebody use me !! 
Just waiting for the AMGEN Tour to ride through my front yard . 
Hi , my name is < PROPFEMALE > and I am a Family Feud addict . Please help ( preferably by letting me play your fast money rounds ) 
Here's a < PROPMALE > for you to make a difference TODAY !!! Just one dollar can supply one person with a WHOLE YEAR supply of clean water in Africa . Please check out the link at bloodwatermission.com It is the well done project . The fundraiser is just for today so get going people . 
Soooooooo tired ...... like dark circles and all kind of tired :\\ 
Getting ready to lay some tile today . I think I am going to go with the < PROPFEMALE > pattern . Nothing like cutting an 18 inch on a diagonal . Goodbye nice soft hands ! :( 
Playing with Craigs Droid ..... I love it 
Here's to seeing wonderful things in the sky TONITE !!! :) 
I just bought my < PROPFEMALE > a new truck ..... how's that for INDEPENDENCE ?? He's lovin it ! 
Off to the lake :) 
Going to get < PROPMALE>'s football gear and then back to the lake ..... finally !!! 
No kids at my place for the first time this summer ! WOW .... I don't know if I should cry or run around in my birthday suit . 
Unanswered prayers are sometimes what we unknowingly need . But man those answered prayers sure are AMAZING . It feels like playing guitar hero and getting < PROPFEMALE > POWER ! God is Good :) 
Back from the lake ........ man is my bed gonna feel good tonite ! 
Off to get school SUPPLIES ! 
Getting stuff out of storage ...... I will seriously have to sew for three years straight or open my OWN fabric store !! OMG ..... I think he found another box : 0 
Off to do some cosmic bowling . Its all about the strikes 2nite : 0 
Goin Poolside :) Cuz it's HOTTTT out ! I'm hoping to hear a little < PROPMALE > Marley and chill . 
9:00 on a Saturday nite and I am getting ready to make me a custom headboard for my bed . It's going to be AWESOME ! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > to get my new car today . Excited !!! Someone guess what it is :) 
Is it possible to be in love with a car ???? 
Getting the last of my carpet installed right now . I get to check one more thing off of the list of 100 :) 
I need a foot massage right away !!! 
Today my youngest son is 12 .... half the age of my oldest son . One day that can never happen again . Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
Going in to town to get stuff to make a banner for tonites football game . The best part is ....... I get to drive my car !!!! Byeeeee 
It's 3:00 am and I am just out of the jacuzzi with my man . I have to say that he was an angel sent from heaven to me !!! I'm in LOOOVVEEE 
Coming home from Avila Beach .... Naight and < PROPFEMALE > are married now , WOW ! 
Going to build a treehouse ! 
Off to < PROPMALE>'s last football game !! 
Going to run around with my little < PROPFEMALE > today .... byeeeee 
Soooo excited Naight and < PROPFEMALE > are having a baby boy ....... in APRIL .... I wish there was microwave speed for this process . I can't wait :) 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody !!! I'm smelling my turkey and it's making me hungry !! 
It's just toooo early for me to be up ..... what do you people do at this time of the day ?! 
Okay listen up .... if you are stressed out about Xmas , I'm here to help you put things in perspective . 3 hours sleep and no food for two days ( the food thing my idea ) , not getting along so well with my hubby and then had to evacuate our family and pets that we could from our home at 1:00 this morning to go to a hotel bcuz we got flooded out . I will post pics later but we are talking about four feet of raging water .! 
Thank you everyone for your prayers , well wishes and offers . We are still trying to sort out what to do . Should we stay and build on the other side ( out of the flood zone ) or move to town ? Not sure yet . I'm liking the hotel break right now but can't afford that forever so to help me weigh out my options does anyone know of a house to rent off hand that I can check out ? 
I would like to give a special shout out to < PROPFIRST > Frost who gave us a super generous gift of a $500 gift card to Lowes , to < PROPFIRST > Phares with BS&E for donating the use of some cleaning equipment and to our church VBF for some christmas gift cards and wonderful prayers ! THANK YOU 
After getting to spend one nite in my own bed it was off to the hotel again last nite bcuz the water came right back up and messed up everything that we spent all week fixing . TIRED ! 
Sooooo tired ..... Heather just wore me OUT !!! Nitey Nite : ) 
Off to take some formal pics of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My beautiful daughter is 17 today . I am so blessed to have her in my life ! She amazes me every day with the person she is that is like me and yet so different than me in some ways . Arianna ..... I love love love YOU ... Happy Birthday ! 
Two formals and a birthday down ..... one birthday and a baby shower around the corner :) 
Off to football .... go < PROPMALE > ! 
