HAPPY NEW YEAR ! WOO 2010 ! 

Saw the movie Paranormal Activity today . Great movie . Scared the hell out of me . But now i have to study for science . how fun -_- 
got an essay to work on for english . how fun -_- 
Going to watch TMZ . haha 
I so do not want to run the mile tomorrow . ugh ! 
Got my costume yesterday . Im gonna be a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Finished my book report . and now watching wheel of fortune XD 
Saw this funny quote today . \I'm happier than a bird with a french fry . \ " lol " 
ugh we lost the game . 7-0 . -_- 
for breakfast I had cinnamon rolls . yum ! haha 
listening to some Owl City 
watching ghost adeventures live show . lots of weird stuff going on . 
been eating losts of < PROPFEMALE > today . no stomache ach ... yet haha 
went to the dentist today . -_- on the plus side , got no cavities woo hoo 
An optimist is someone who falls off the Empire State Building , and after 50 floors says , ' So far so good!' haha 
yesterdays ghost adventure was awesome . best episode . 
saw the thunderbirds today . it was so awesome ! 
FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . Put this as your status if it works . after you follow all the steps scroll up or down ... then the circles will appear . The only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Now is a gift , thats why it's called the present . 
Just gotta say New < PROPFEMALE > was awesome ! it was so hilarious . so now im waiting for it be on DVD . haha 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
can't believe school is already tomorrow . notready to go to science class yet :( 
done studying world history 
think i did pretty good in math and history . but im not too sure for science tomorrow . :/ 
just bought a lot of songs on iTunes :D 
can't believe i got a B on my math exam yes ! 
finished a painting today . ill post a picture later 
finally saw Avatar today . it was : AWESOME !!! i wanna see it again :D 
had a great day today . went to my cousins birthday and played basketball and football with my dad ! :D 
watching American Idol . Do some ppl really think they can sing . 
not enjoying the rain -.- 
Todays < PROPMALE>'s ( my dog ) 2nd birthday ! woo ! haha 
watching < PROPFIRST > iglesias on youtube . he is hilarious ! 
yes i got my project presentation over with finally . 
went hiking in red rock today . it was pretty cool to see the waterfall . 
eating some doritos :D 
working on my essay . ugh its getting so boring . :/ 
just finished 2 paintings :D 
nervous for tomorrows testing . :/ 
had a pretty good day today 
todays assembly was so hilarious ! :D 
SPRING BREAK HAS FINALLY ARRIVED ! :D 
hahaha i became a fan to alot of stuff right now . :P 
haha im on a \Become A Fan\ " spree :D " 
had fun at the adventuredom with < PROPFEMALE > 
HAPPY EASTER ! 
Had so much fun in lunch today . :) 
listening to hollywood undead - circles 
watching < PROPFEMALE > lately ... 
laughed so much at lunch today . funny superhero costumes . ;D 
... just laughed for like five minutes for no reason at all . haha :D 
just finished playing tennis and im red as a tomato :/ 
im tired of waking up early fro school . just want summer to come . 
only 6 more days as a sophmore . cant believe its just 2 more years till graduation . :D high school has gone by fast so far . 
SUMMER HERE I COME ! 
went shopping today . is it possible to buy too many shoes ... 
saw the movie knight and day . it was really funny . < PROPMALE > cruise and < PROPFIRST > diaz did a great job . 
watching beetlejuice . 
ECLIPSE TOMORROW !!! 
ECLIPSE WAS SO AWESOME ! 
went to benihana for my brothers 20th birthday . pretty fun except i still feel full from all the delicious food . :D 
just had a mccafe and i believe its taste so much better than starbucks . 
im going to miami in august !!! :D 
went to the shark reef today and got to touch like 5 stingrays :D 
had so much fun at ashleys b-day party . dance the entire time :D . but now my feet hurt . haha 
went to town square today and saw the movie < PROPFIRST > st. cloud . loved it . :D 
is not enjoying the thunderstorm right now ... 
a dog peed on me today ... -_- 
just got back last night from florida . had a great trip . :D 
love the song E.T from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
watching the Titanic 
watching the VMA's and writing my english essay . 
liked the VMA's . i was entertained . 
Just got back from a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > concert . It was incredible !! 
cant wait for next weeks episode for the Buried Life . 
WOO ! SILVERADO WINS ! 
this ghost adventures episode is one of the best . 
had a busy day . went to the new hoover dam bridge , which was really cool . then babysat . 
just watched on youtube boy meets world the halloween special . miss that show so much . 
watching halloweentown :D 
anyone wearing their costume to school tomorrow ? 
cant wait for frightdome tomorrow 
had an awesome time at frightdome last night . got a high 5 from a zombie :D ! 
had an amzing time at the party ! now cant wait for halloween tomorrow :D 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN ! 
the new episode of the walking dead was awesome . 
aviation nation was pretty cool and just finished eating raising canes . pretty good day . :) 
the AMA's ending was awesome ! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING ! 
saw burlesque today and then went bowling . first time cant believe i got 4 strikes . 
the walking dead show just keeps getting creepier ... 
can't believe tonight is the season finale to the walking dead already . 
tonights episode of ghost adventures is one of the best I've seen in a while . 
Tron was awesome ! 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! can't wait for tomorrow morning :D 
