summer = love . 

is so tired of people . 
hates mondays , and could really use some sunshine . 
does not want to be at work . :/ 
Hey God , please reschedule this rain . :-) 
is glad the sun is shining again . 
today is the first day of the rest of my life , and I'm alive . 
really needs to start over . 
is in real need of a weekend . 
she didn't come home ... 
gets to see Jordaaaaaan and Smashley this weekend . :-) 
whatever , I do what I want ! 
where'd you go , i miss you so . 
is thankful for life , and family . :-) 
ready to try out my mad snowmobiling skills . :-) 
aint no such thing as to fast , to < PROPMALE > , and to hotttttt . 
you turned my frown upside down and now my worries are gone . 
is just so content with everything . thank you jesus for family , friends , health , and a job . :-) 
made a super danko breakfeast . eggs , bacon , hasbrowns , and pancakes . mmmmhmm . ;-) 
fully understands the concept of why you should wear a hard hat on a construction site .. 
very much consumed in the Christmas rush . 
Christmas should not always be so tense :/ Have no expectations and have no let downs . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . 
has to bum around on crutches ! I guess I can't fly .. 
arg , i have the worst luck . :-( 
man , I love eating little piggies . :-) 
has come so far , and is never looking back . 
is sipping or maaaybe chugging on some cooers . oh yes . :-) whats with colors ? 
Black . Just like my soul . Muahaha . 
Man , this is a long day . Ready to get my drink on . Cherrrrrry bombs ? :-) 
makin ' some biscuits and gravy . :-) 
has myself a large cup of coffee , and is going to stay positive . :-) 
a little bit of you makes life alright . 
maaaaaybe her water broke ? Ahh . we love you baby < PROPFIRST > . :-) 
oh man . thank goodness its friday . definitely sleeping in tomorrow . :-) 
life is good . :-) 
is missing the month of October . What happpppenend ? 
new year , new people , new places . i'm so ready for this . & hearts ; 
on a better note ; baby < PROPFIRST > is on his way . For real this time . :D 
hello baby < PROPFIRST > . Welcome to my world ; you will now make us complete . & hearts ; 
great day . yes , i'd say so . :-) 
eeyyy , it don't matter . 
one < PROPFEMALE > , two < PROPFEMALE > , three < PROPFEMALE > , wheres < PROPFIRST > at ? :-) 
Its 97 degrees in my house and it feels soooooo wonderful . :D 
if I ain't got nothin ' , I got nothin ' to hold me back . 
you get whatcha get and you make the best of it . 
listening to classical music , writing an essay , staring at baby < PROPFIRST > . :-) 
dance like no one is watching , jump like you have wings , smile like your looking at the most beautiful boy , and live like your not scared of whats coming next . don't let yesterdays trials be todays setback . 
wow , and just when you thought you had already hit rock bottom . fml . 
when the sun shines , and you got the bestest friends , life is pretty all right . :-) 
hows that chocolate tasting ? did you see they were trying to take my chocolate !? who ? those < PROPMALE > nazis .. but I told them whats what and ate it anyway . :-) 
whoaaa ; dance next week . better come watch . ;-) 
wishes the sunshine would come out and melt all the snow . i think my car is in serious need of a wax job ! 
please lift up my mom in prayer , she is really having a hard time breathing .. and things are really starting to look bad . :( 
okay , so I realize I will always be second best . 
granola&hearts ; :-) 
sh-sh-shake it babayy . & hearts ; ;-) 
is diggin ' the element of suprise . 
coffee , coconut , milk , and orange juice alltogether . Who'da thought . Mmmmm . :-) 
is being such a slacker today . boo ! 
has no reason to complain . I'm so blessed . I just need an attitude adjustment or maybe a swift kick in the ass . Hah . 
just run with me , i could take you so far . 
I get knocked down , but I get up again . (-: 
man , thats rough . RIP Newman . :( 
great weekend . I'm so loving this awesome weather . I hope it sticks . :-) 
man , I feel awesome ! haha . :D 
man , sometimes I really wish I lived closer to town . I feel like doing something .! 
today was a great day ! starting to think about the weekend ... ;-) 
!!! this not being able to sleep thing is just not an option . :( 
man , I feel rough . so damn tired , and my knees , ass , and back hurt . i think a cup of coffee is in order . :-) 
weekend+cherry bombs = get wild . ;-) 
mmm , yes . :-) 
I'm feelin ' like a < PROPFEMALE > , you cant stop my shine . ;-) 
is aware of every muscle in my body . ughhh , I'm so damn sore . :( 
ne plus ultra . <3<3<3 ;-) 
is headed to Florida in the morning . :-) 
Is fried like a lobster ! ; But , I lovvveee Flo-Rida . :-) 
man , I was dreaming some weird dreams .. haha . Gonna make some breakfeast and chill by the pool . :-) 
is diggin ' on the swishers . :-) don't really wanna come home , but boyyy I miss you . 
had a lovely weekend . Its good to be home . :-) 
\and you just never know when your heart is gonna go pitter patter . \ " :-) " 
hottub comes today and my < PROPFEMALE > comes friday . so ready for the weekend yo . :-) 
tgif . all i want to do is sleep . 
had fun with Chaaaaarlie . But man , the weekend flew by . 
just ordered wheels for my car . soooo excited . :-) 
fucking Obama . Piece of shit . I do not want to pay some 40% of my paycheck into healthcare that I'm never going to use . 
mom - \get me some business in here . \ " me- well what do you want me to do ? mom - \ " go stand on the corner in your bikini . \ " me- \ " uhhh whaaaat ? we don't have corners in the yaak . \"" 
is wondering how the most perfect guy was right in front of my eyes and I never noticed until now ... I suppose everything is in perfect timing . <3 
is worried that I'm worried . meh , I'll just drink a < PROPFEMALE > bomb cause \it don't matter ! \"" 
be loved but never love , attach but never combine , trip but never fall , to be broken is better than shattered , tell him of your strength but never of your past , be trustworthy but never trust , and be cracked but never open . 
nothing is ever what it seems . can't wait to get the hell out of this place . 
Sooo if anyone has a graphing calculator I can borrow , pleeeeeeease let me know . Text me 2915681 . Thanks man . :-) 
mother fucker . fuck me . buttt thank you < PROPMALE > for your help . your my hero . ;) 
85% of the battle is getting yourself there . 
my ears feel ... hot . :| 
arg , pointless .... 
oh yeah , well MY boyfriend drives 36 < PROPMALE > to put a flower on my car . <3 :) 
stand up for something , or you'll fall for anything . 
420 <3 Anddd < PROPFIRST > is 3 months today . My little loverbug is growing so fast . (: 
is actually getting a little excited for my birthday . :-) 
this day is taking forever to end . ugh , five o'clock please come soon . 
best birthday yet . :-) 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cant change , courage to change the things I can , and the wisdom to know the difference . man , I have such a busy week ahead of me . I just want some sleeeeep . 
I feel so ridicilously terrible . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . :-) 
Man , I am so blessed . I have the best family , friends , and boyfriend I could ever ask for . Life is goooooood . <3 
hm , bummer . 
maybe its just the weather .... 
Moyie . Get Muddy . ;) <3 
sucessfully stayed outta trouble at the mud bogs . :) 
Apparently sounds like an old man . I don't wanna be sick anymore ! :( 
Kindof a frustrating day . Lord , please help my car not to cost a million dollars , and thank you so much for blessing me with such a wonderful boyfriend who lends me his truck . :) <3 
God is great , beer is good , and people are crazy . 
If you don't change your beliefs , your life will be like this forever . Is that good news ? 
If there is a question about my intentions I'll tell ya , I'm not here to sell ya , Or tell you to go to hell , I'm not a brat like that . \ 
\ 
I'm like a puzzle but all of my pieces are jagged , If you can understand this we can make some magic , I'm wrong like that . 
has been bit by the travel bug ! ;) who wants to go roadtrippin' ? 
mmm , in a state of twitterpaition . :) 
trust is like a piece of paper , once its crumpled it can't be perfect . 
just kindof feels like crying .. and I DONT cry . ! @#$%^&* 
feeling alot better today . I'm sooooo glad my family is finally home . I missed them . also , going to get everything I was stressing over wrapped up . plus five days off work and some sunshine ! oh yeah , and drinking a coconut coffee out of my new super duper 20 oz Hawaii coffee cup . ;) 
so glad for a three day weekend . I'm pretty sure I'm just staying in my bed all day tomorrow . :) 
if you want it , you got it . baby bend me , break me , anyway you need me . 
freedom doesn't come cheap . 
is looking at houses this weekend !! ah , so excited to start a new chapter . :) 
Haha , I love Missoula !! :) 
what a wild time for a Tuesday night and sleeeeeping on the porch isn't so bad . :P 
really really wants to go to dance tonight . 
anything worth having , doesn't come easy . 
this weekend was a great kickoff to summer . dancing on the Bonners stage rocked , lights , camera , action . ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > glad all the boys are coming back . ready to really get this summer started . hot like mexico , rejoyce . 
what a lovely day . no other people I would have rather spent my day with . got a schweeeet tassle , and seen a baby bear . :) 
I've never been much for gambling , especially with my heart . 
had a good productive weekend at home . I'm exictied for the carnvial next weekend , should be good stuff . :) 
I really really want some naked baby pictures with < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
< PROPFIRST > is signing the lease for our duplex tomorrow . Sooooooo excited . Its the most perfect place , I can't wait to move in . :) 
TFIG ! Washed , and waxed the car , lookin ' fly . :) Now its time for some good crazy fun . 
what a fantastic weekend ; summer is definitely here , and I'm lookin ' brown . :) 
sometimes it takes losing what you had to realize what you lost . 
I'm thinking that 60% of my liquid intake shouldn't be caffiene . But it makes me feel soooo good . Mmm coffee . <3 :) 
Is getting a fancy blackberry storm . I hope I don't break it !... :-) 
SO tired of website work . I wanna be outside in the sunshine .! 
after tons of work this weekend , and lots of help from my wonderful boyfriend , I'm spending my very first night in MY cabin . Wooo ! :-) 
So tired , and sooo much to do before the weekend . 
TGIF ! Gonna wash and wax the boat , and drink some beers . :) 
its pretty good to be me . :) 
I'm gonna design , and sew myself a dress .. from scratch , without a pattern . Should be fun . :) 
man , I sure wish I had some clam chowder soup ! I guess tomato will have to do . 
what a beautiful day for a thunderstorm . 
got a whole 12.5 hours of sleep last night , and I feel amazing . :) 
you might think I'm bulletproof ; but I'm not . 
just ate a big bloody steak . very delicious . :) 
I want to keep you as my pet to play with and hide under my bed , forever . ;) 
rodeo was a blast , haven't had that much fun in awhile . :) 
I'm awesome . ;) 
man , the weeks are rollin ' by . 
Oh , I got my wheels spinning . ;) 
I have never liked a bad idea so much . TGIF ; ready for some fun !! 
Can't believe next weekend is my last weekend here ; so bittersweet . I'm gonna miss all my buddies !! :( 
placed right into probability and statistics for math . no college algebra for me . hell yes ! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > your moments , they will soon be past memories . <3 
is really pissed off right now .... breathe ... 
At oreintation . And rocked both of my placement tests . :) 
I'm on my own . 
love zoola town !! 
so excited to start my first ever day at school tomorrow . :) 
Eeee , dropped my astronomy class and got nutrition and performance/rehearsal classes instead . :) 
I think 7 am is too early for my math homework . Off to dance dance instead . :D Hate the early mornings , but still love college and my classes . :) 
shiiit . changed my schedule yesterday and totally spaced my nutrition class this morning . : @ 
is spending all day in the library so I can finish my homework and party in Spokane with the buds for Sissy's birthday ! :) 
had a fantastic time in Spokane , good to see the crew . But our limo got pulled over twice , hahaha . :) 
until next time ; I'll catch you in my dreams . 
this studio makes me want to dance everyday of my life . I just love the arts building . :) 
weeeeellll , got my math and economics homework done , now I just have to pass my quizzes , and write my speech , and read my nutrition book and ..... oh I love college . 
TGIF : Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!! Excited to go out tonight . :) 
is really hoping to find a washer machine today . I have zero clothes to wear . :O If anyone in the Missoula area knows of any good deals for a set of washer/dryers lemme know . :) 
so tired today , but the late night chinese and study jam was definitely worth it . glad I found the cool kids around campus . hahah . :) 
So good to see Joush , < PROPMALE > , and even < PROPMALE > . Always a recipe for a good time . :) 
Ah , midterms next week already ? Time flies when your having fun , and just my luck that I would get sick . :( 
Got my first college A ! Woohoo ! :-) 
really beginning to think 18 credits and a job is too much . $%&^ , @#*% , #%$ *#@$) #% (#%* #$%%#* !!! Ah , I can do this .. right ? 
funny how one phone call can change your whole day .! :) 
I miss baby < PROPFIRST > ! But , definitely still loving college and especially dancing 12 hours a week . :) 
Pretty tired , and cranky , and trying very hard not to take everything so seriously ... :/ 
How the hell is it only Wednesday ???? %$& ! 
and then I remembered , anything worth having doesn't come easy . 
is looking at old pictures , then I'm gonna print out pictures at walmart tomorrow ! but seeing all these memories makes me miss everyone alottt . So dear buddies , I haven't forgotten about you , and I miss you lots .! :) 
Where is everybody ? I wannnna do something ! 
apparently this was the weekend for popping tires . :/ 
things could be alot worse . I'm just thankful to have such wonderful people in my life to help me keep my < PROPFEMALE > up . < PROPFEMALE > Parks , thank you for waking up at 6 in the am to take me to school . Your like the coffee to my morning . ;) 
I may get to go home this weekend ! Ahh so excited . I'm gonna squeeeeeeeeeeze < PROPFIRST > bear . <3 
It was great to go home , I really missed my family . :) 
homework , dance dance , homework , work , dance , dance dance . :) 
man , I wish I wasn't so sleepy all the time . 5 weeks of being sick is really getting old . I gotta get rid of this ! 
I think I'm finally getting over this crazy test anxiety . Math test , and economics test today and I'm feelin ' goooooood . :) 
Ah , so glad the weekend is finally here !! :) 
jammin out drinking coffee , trying to focus on our speeches with < PROPFEMALE > Parks . 
Ive gotta stop passing out in the library .. 
I feel pretty damn good about my speech presentation this morning , I'm lookin ' all professional and cute today , and my brain is doing hw like ten times fast than usual . Oh yes , today is a good day . :) 
Today is a great day . :) 
is thinking I should have really taken hunters safety , I wanna shoot me a deer ! ;) 
Ah yes Friday .. :) And my exam was waaaaay easier than I was expecting . Today is another good day . I love college . 
great weekend . (: 
Bring on November . I'm ready for some days off school , and Thanksgiving at the Coveys ... mmmhmm . :) 
Math exam , then gettin ' my buzzz on for Halloweeenie . Gonna be some good times tonight . 
teach me how to dougie . 
actually got alot of homework done today . so glad to have tomorrow off , party tonight , day of the dead tomorrow . have I mentioned I love missoula ? :) 
if your already paid , I guess you've got it made . 
Got a 98 on my econ quiz . Yess . If only I was that good at math .. 
Friday , got my paycheck , got my new dance stuff , anddddd < PROPFEMALE > Covey is coming tonight . Plus the sun is shining . Today is a fantastic day ! 
went shopping with KP and got some fancies . :) 
damn you university of Montana . if you didnt sell more permits than parking spots , maybe people wouldnt need to park in the quick stop . fucking parking tickets . grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! 
oh I miss my mommy ! and < PROPFIRST > bear . Thanksgiving cannot come quick enough . On a fun note , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Beck ' s piece is going to rock dance up close , hard . come watch us dance dance revolution . :) 
there's no stars here , I can't wait to go back to the yaak . definitely got \winter fever\ " booo " 
is doing my first show for the university's dance department tonight , pretty jazzed . :) 
has lost all motivation for anything school related besides dancing . Ahhh , can it be Thanksgiving today ? :) 
everyone did a great show tonight . sooo much hw to finish , then the cast party tonight . still wishing today was Thanksgiving .... 
gonna spend the night cleaning my chrome wheels , and makin my car shine like the < PROPFEMALE > it is . :) 
is gonna present my speech very soon , then play hooky on the rest of my classes and drive home !! Sooooooo excited . Gonna party like rockstars with < PROPFEMALE > Covey tonight . :) 
Got my A on my speech ! Woo . I could totally tell I rocked the socks off it this morning . :) 
Oh yes , its great to be home ., I had such a wonderful Thanksgiving with the Covey family . Glad I still have a weekend to chillax in the Yaak . :) 
yup , things change . 
feeling alot of big decisions coming on , hopefully Christmas break helps to clear my head . In the mean time , finals , finals , finals . Ahh . 
Pretty sure I rocked that math test . Who woulda guessed that people would ask ME for help on math . Hmmm , I feel the tables have turned . :) 
Jesus , please heal my arm so I don't have to go to the doctors . Ideally by Thursday so I can dance . Amen . :) 
Praise Jesus because today my arm feels alot better and I can dance with it . Now just one more week from tomorrow and I will be back home and done with finals . Yeehaw ! 
Oh man ... ridiculous . :) Tonights gonna be fun . Love you < PROPFEMALE > Parks . 
has met some good people here , can't believe today is the last day of classes . < PROPFEMALE > Dunlap thanks for this egganoggin coffee . Today will now be a gooooood day . :) 
busy january , why is everyone gettin vaca but me ? dollars ? oh yeah sure you betcha . ;) 
make your choices wisely .. 
today is turning into such a bastard , I WILL NOT let a damn dog ruin my Holiday . Efffffff . 
booked !!! < PROPMALE > , here I come . This is going to be the best new years ever . <3 :) Whew . 
feels so unbelieveably blessed . i just wish everyone could be so fortunate . < PROPFEMALE > christmas eurrone . 
In < PROPMALE > . Yeeehaw . This hotel service is amaaaazing . Very soon and he will be here . Ahhhhh , I'm so ecstatic to be here . :) 
quite positive today is one of the worst days of my life . 
maxed to the limit . 
God give me the strength .. 
This is the first good lookin day I've seen in awhile , should lift the spirits all around . :) 
for being so kickass at fireplace sales , I sure wish I could start a better fire . Its freeeeeeeeezing ! 
I'm gonna make some fun these last 9 days here . ;) 
TGIF !! Gonna have a poker/cigar night with the crew . Yeshh . :) 
lots of unhappy people today . 4 days till I'm back home in Missoula . It cannot come quick enough . 
boy , for one little girl I sure spend alot of money ... 
whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat ? 
workin ' , then headed back to the Zoo . :) 
pretty good to be home . can't wait to start my new classes tomorrow . :) 
donno why I'm so sleepy lately . gotta kick it in gear , got scuba class tonight . ;) 
so ready for the weekend . I just wanna party ! 
No doubt , people are crazy . 
pretty blessed to have such good people in my life . thanks < PROPFEMALE > Dunlap for coming out with us , and thanks < PROPFEMALE > Parks for getting me home safely . so ready to concur this next week . :) 
I hate computers , and computer homework . On a better note , pretty stoked to see the crew this weekend at Hollywood Undead !! :) 
And everytime I think maybe spring will come ; it has to snow . :( 
needs some jammin ballet tunes .. 
is definitely going to Florida for spring break . Bring on the sunshine ! :) 
is just < PROPFEMALE > sleepy . spring break , hurrrrrrry and get here so I can just lay in the sunshine . 
This is the start of something new . :) 
only you can make your dreams come true . 
on a jet plane . :) 
having a good time in Florida , but I got fried yesterday at the beach , and I miss my < PROPFEMALE > lots and lots and lots , and shopping today , yessss ! :) 
good to be with < PROPMALE > again , but I'm missing the florida sunshine , and I don't wanna go back to school in the am . 
Boy , I hope I get some birthday money , that'd be real cool . Hahaha . 
this to shall pass . 
is feeling ... frustrated . what is with these terrible weekends ? :/ 
has no idea why this online homework doesn't round properly for me ! Grrrrrr . 
Birthday party tonight . :) 
I definitely do not miss drinking . No more . :/ 
is real popular on my birthday . :) haha . thanks for the birthday wishes everybody . 
