will be back at < PROPMALE > within the next 24 hours and is very much looking forward to an exciting Winter Study of Gogol , broomball , and other such shenanigans . 

is back at home . Erm ... he means < PROPMALE > . 
will be at a murder mystery party tonight and will probably have a pretty good time . 
has finished the first two movements of his $12 Concerto for < PROPFEMALE > , which is both the title , the commission , and the premise for the attack it brings upon : Capitalism , Stalinism , Atonalism , Postmodernism , Minimalism , Modernism , and just about every other 
has apparently gone to war with his computer , which is at fault for declaring war in the first place . It was not his idea to move his entire iTunes library to some backup folder in the back of 19 other folders , nor was it his idea to play hopscotch on Fa 
really dislikes reading about the recently deceased . He has much more important things to do . What's dead is dead and shall not change . < PROPMALE > is still dead ... sorry ... unless you take the Heisenberg uncertainty principle , < PROPFEMALE > Clause , and the Mall of Am 
is , indeed , back from Minnesota . You didn't notice he was gone ? He didn't post anything to mention it ... sorry . 
thought < PROPFIRST > was amazing and is looking forward to going again on Sunday . 
is enjoying the conducting seminar with Maestro Barg and looks forward to more tomorrow ! 
is not here right now . Please leave your name and number after the tone and he will get back to you as soon as he can . Beep . 
had a great time on his Ephventure , wrote a song , met < PROPMALE > Finn , learned to step-dance and Latin dance very badly ( due to his second left foot ... ) , and is doing overall well at < PROPMALE > . Oh , and he's on Facebook . GASP . 
is right , and you are right , and all is right as right can be ! 
is in The Elizabethans ! He's also still fencing , enjoying listening to throat singing , practicing his < PROPFEMALE > for lessons next semester ( not this one ) , stumbling over little tidbits on piano ( gracefully stumbling , he'd like to think ... though that would be a lie ) , and is still mildly shocked . Who'd'a thunk ? 
is quite convinced that Genghis Khan would pummel Lebron < PROPFIRST > in hand to hand combat , despite what other members in his entry might think . Remind me : how many people has Lebron < PROPFIRST > killed ? Thank you . 
' s Greek class got cancelled again ! Woo break . Gurrgghh to the entire rescheduling thing , though . This will be ... interesting . 
has contracted a slight cold . Acho . Good news : it's not swine flu ! Bad news : he missed music theory class this morning and discussion of blech ... he means Bach . Cough . 
should be doing homework/practicing for music theory , but he'd much rather be listening to shellac recordings of Die Dreigroschenoper transferred onto CD , so he's doing that instead . He can do homework tomorrow . And he's ready enough for that quiz . Besides , Weill is a genius , so he's learning more from that anyways . 
has had a wonderful two days . Reading period is amazing , and it can only get better . 
just got some ... books ... from the library ... on thanatophilology ... the study of dead languages . Talk about bamf ... or nerd . He's enjoying himself quite a bit . 
thinks Siberian Mountain Day sounds AMAZING . 
has really missed theological dialogues with fundamentalists in Cincinnati . It's much easier to catch them at making ridiculous claims than it is to catch the far more astute religious minds of < PROPMALE > college , who at least can create interesting , infinitely long circular arguments . 
needs to compose now . He has no clue what he's going to compose , but if he doesn't do something quickly it will drive him legitimately insane . 
does not want to read Mill tonight and would much rather be reading Brecht . But that's due later . He also must study Greek , archaeology , and deceptive cadences . So little time , so much to procrastinate ! 
is quite indignant to have been forcibly placed under house arrest for contracting the common cold . What wrong has he done !? 
' s house arrest is over , and he is being reassigned to luxury housing in a Rockefeller mansion instead . He's not quite sure why , but it seems like it will work . 
feels like he's at a conservatory , because he did six-eight hours of music today , and is now relaxing from it by studying music and listening to Mahler . Gad , he's tired . 
is dedicating the night to Greek and listening to Wagner to make sure that he keeps working for a long period of time and doesn't do things like get on Facebook . Wait ... what's this ? FACEBOOK ? Who turned the blasted computer on !? 
is sincerely considering getting rid of his facebook , because it has caused him more pain than it has done him good . If he does , indeed , leave , he will leave you his contact information that you may keep in touch with him , either through email , snail-mail , or smoke signals , whichever you prefer . He won't do this for another month at least , but it might happen . Thanks for bothering to read this . 
has had his fun being emo . Time to go back to utter and total seriousness . Like PENGUINS ! And , more seriously , Verdi and Greek homework/studying until all hours of the night . 
is presently being devoured by his < PROPMALE > Archaeology Research Paper , complete with analysis of < PROPFEMALE > architecture , race in < PROPMALE > Egypt , and the < PROPMALE > imperial cult . How fun .... ( SAVE ME ) ... Wooo ... 
and Cuddles the Penguin want you to < PROPMALE > your finest and join the Elizabethans for an afternoon of Renaissance A Capella Festivities at Thompson Chapel , Saturday December 12 at 4 pm ! 
was going to go do his homework when a concerto for < PROPFEMALE > quartet bopped him over the head and left him to go write music instead . Yay for moments of random frustration which lead to equally random moments of inspiration ! 
is awake from his nap and ready to take an evening for Wagner ... aka ... he'll be up until all hours studying Greek . 
is listening to Die Dreigroschenoper for the gagillionth time so that he can write his essay on Brecht for FRS . 
is listening to Berg's < PROPFEMALE > , and thinks it's freaking crazy in an amazing sort of way . THIS is what opera can be . FASCINATING !!!! 
likes penguins ! Also , he wants to write an opera as AMAZINGLY PSYCHOTIC as < PROPFEMALE > . That would make him feel very succesful and fulfilled in life . 
enough procrastinating , time to work on this essay . NOW . And listen to Wagner . That should cover the amount of thime this will take . 
had a wonderful dream that he was on the shuttle from < PROPMALE > to Albany to catch his flight . Then he woke up . Oops . Now he's in the middle of a nightmare involving catching a motorcoach and hoping for the best . Nonetheless , he will be home tonight . 
is home . 
is presently listening to < PROPMALE > Weill . He's made considerable progress on his < PROPFEMALE > quartet , and Mother Courage looks like a doable project . For now , though , it's time for a break . 
: ridiculous Sunday brownie thing at Friendly's: $6 ; a nice Thai dinner with friends : $14 ; rolling down Springstreet blaring opera : priceless . For some things , there's money . For others , there is the yearly Elizabethans ' Reunion . 
enjoys marking ads for < PROPFIRST > Brown as offensive . It started as irrelevant , but now he's absolutely fed up . Really ... does Facebook need to rub it into his face that he is an Ohio resident , not a Massachusetts one ? 
was completely inspired by the interview with < PROPFIRST > Sondheim tonight . He's going to work on Mother Courage ... as soon as he's written an essay for his Gogol class ... 
would like to thank all of his wonderful birthday-well wishers , including the ones who wished him well twice , or even thrice . He will respond to each of you individually as soon as he has time . It's been a great day . Thanks again !!! <(\) ( penguin !!! ) " 
is back in < PROPMALE > after a lovely jaunt off to Montreal . Now ... time to get ready for classes to start up again ... for real this time ... 
is back in < PROPMALE > after a lovely jaunt off to Montreal . He's also responded to all of the kind birthday wishes of his dear friends . NOW it is time to get ready for classes to start up again ... for real ... and in weather which is not quite as cold as that of Montreal ... thank golly-goodness ! 
found his < PROPMALE > tutorial far less terrifying than he originally expected . Maybe that's because he spent most of the later half of the day thinking in < PROPMALE > ... which does weird things when ordering food or accidentally bumping into people . 
thinks that buying an add on Facebook for one's college council bid is not conducive for winning over the ... oh ... practical-spending-minded and/or socialist vote . While he agrees with several of Comrade Hikel's policies , this is absolutely ridiculous . Vote ... < PROPMALE > F ... for College Council . We don't have a platform , but we know what NOT to do . 
hates < PROPFIRST>'s Day . If you want to give him a < PROPFIRST > , make it a Chinese New Year present instead . He thinks Chinese New Year is awesome and far superior to the bloody , lovey-dovey , ridiculously pink greeting-card holiday . Yes , he is bitter . You'd be too if you were in his place . 
is sick of kissy-faces . You do not need to eat each other's lips in public . I don't care if today is Chinese New Year ; that is not a valid excuse . Oh , it's < PROPFIRST>'s Day ? Then go get married illegally and come back and talk to me then . Thanks , and bye . 
is just bloody angry . Furious . Depressed . Yes , those work . 
is going to be over in the music building doing something , possibly involving interesting , abnormal 7 chords . If you need him , go to practice room 2 . If he's not there , try practice room 3 . If he's not there , check his room . 
is sick of people saying they know what is best for him , doing that , and really just acting in their own best interest disguised as his best interest , which is not in his best interest , and may be mildly detrimental to his sanity . Thanks @ everyone . 
is applying for a job in the Chaplain's office . ( Insert moment of confused silence here . ) 
should be studying Greek right now instead of listening to Brahms and staring at his computer screen unproductively . Bad < PROPMALE > , get off facebook now ! 
likes penguins . 
is not awake right now . He is on autopilot , which consists of declining Greek verbs , conjugating Greek nouns , reading music upsidedown to memorize paradigms and writing nonsensical facebook status messages ( ie , you cannot conjugate a noun or decline a verb in any mode except autopilot ) . Oh , and liking penguins . 
has finished both his exams for the day . And , to make things even better , he's finished his Prelude . So , now ... time for a weekend . 
is doing laundry . On a Saturday night . WOOT ! 
does not enjoy reading Fraktur . Seriously , who came up with this ridiculous script ? 
wishes everyone a happy Murder-Someone-You-Love Day , and is pleased to inform you that he won't be taking part in this year's celebrations . ( Insert general sigh or relief here , I think ? ) 
loves having a room with a view on a beautiful day like today . Which , to make matters even better , is a room of his own . ( End modernist British literature references here . ) 
took the entirety of < PROPFIRST > und Isolde to erledigen ... erm ... finish ... his Deutschaufsatz auf Wagner ... essay for < PROPMALE > on Wagner . < PROPFEMALE > ... er ist kaputt ... Yup ... he's done for the day . 
on tour with the Elizabethans ! 
is in Hawaii . 
is back in Williamstown . He's actually been back for a day , but he forgot to update yesterday , apparently . Oops . 
is quite fond of the Grieg piano concerto . 
is surprised that nobody has figured out his profile picture . I mean , sheesh , it's not like he picked somebody completely random . He's not THAT crazy . 
is a terrified , Kafkaesque mess . 
has a concert today with the Elizabethans at 4:00 in Thompson Chapel . Be there ! 
has had 10.5 hours of work at the music department this weekend . Can the week just be over now ? 
may be the first student in < PROPMALE > history to get lost on Spring Street while completely sober . And the moral of the story : when you're walking , concentrate on where you're going , not on doing your music assignment in your head . 
thinks it's somewhat ... no ... completely ridiculous that the lunatics back at home can't vote for a school levy . Seriously ... $261 more dollars a year per $ 100,000 home ? Yeah ... why don't we watch when your property values go down . Have fun with that . 
fears that his profile picture might make him look \illegal . \ " As if Kafka weren't having enough trouble with the bureaucracy to begin with ... " 
can now add \Motet writing\ " to his resume . " 
will be spending the weekend figuring out Hypsipyle , what her role in the Argonautika says about Hellenistic perceptions of colonialism , and trudging through pages of Greek with haphazard translations attached ... oh ... the things I do for the classics . 
will defeat Hypsipyle , < PROPFIRST > , Apollonios , Pindar , Euripides , AND Herodotus ( not to mention Mori , Clauss , Green , et < PROPFEMALE > ) , if it's the last thing he ever does . 
hath conquered his darnded Hypsipylessay . Huzzah ! 
shall now conquer all of his Greek exam , which is divided into three parts . Grammar , known-passages , and sight-passages . Then , he shall go forth and defeat the villainous Pausanius , and Strabo most-malodorous , and Hadrian the Hellenophile . 
loves Kafka , but does not enjoy living his novels . Time for a change of scene ! 
is , indeed , back in Cincinnati and now mentally recovered enough for socializing . So , feel free to contact me if you'd like to do something in the nearish ( or more distant , even ) future . 
has , in print , severed all ties with the Elizabethans , and feels greatly relieved . 
will be going to see Wagner's Meistersinger either tomorrow or Friday . Yes , it is Wagner , so , yes , it is five hours long . If anybody else would like to join him , please notify him posthaste ! 
just got back from a positively phantasmagorical performance of Wagner's Die Meistersinger < PROPMALE > Nürnberg . Thanks Yekaterina ????????? Khazanova for joining him and making the experience that much more fun ! ( YAY WAGNER ! ) 
is en route to Minnesota and will not be in touch with anybody for the next week or so . Bye ! 
has finished reading Hippolytus's opening hunting monologue in Seneca's Phaedra and is really hoping that it gets more interesting from here . As lovely as three breeds of dogs and all the things they can kill may be , it would be nice to actually be translating a plot soon . 
is posting his apparently obligatory celebratory valediction to the despised , and now defeated , Prop 8 . He should also stop trying to think in Latin , because it makes his stati sound ridiculous . Erm ... statuses . 
is suddenly in the mood for Chaucer . 
quite unlike the rest of you ( cough ... entry ... cough ... spam ... cough ) , is not yet at < PROPMALE > but will be there on Tuesday morning . And yes , there was a tinge of envy in that first bit , since he really cannot wait to see you all again soon ! 
is quite contentedly moved into his lovely new room in Prospect , feels comfortable with his classes , and is overall rather chipper . 
wonders how < PROPFEMALE > is supposed to be an idea . I mean ... really ... I don't live in an idea do I ? Or am I just an idea , living in an idea ? Is it really this existential ? And if it's an idea , why can't everyone have it ? So , why are some immigrants illegal ? Are they not ideas too ? Who the heck came up with this dumb idea that all this is an idea ? 
can now tie a bow tie and has a schnazzy top hat and a second-hand overcoat ; thus , he can now go out in public like a proper late 19th century gentleman . 
thinks that obviously the greedy teachers are robbing the poor , unfortunate billionaires . Oh , poor billionaires , how tragic to be wealthy . What a pain it must be to have people to do your taxes and tell you that you are making $0.43 less in interest than last year . Woe is them and their miserably small , 9-digit dividend checks , woe is them ! 
has developed a liking for the first movement of Beethoven's 12th piano sonata , which would be even more of a liking if he didn't have to write an analysis paper on it . 
does not like this cold . Nap time again . Hopefully my work will figure out how to do itself in the meantime ... 
could not be more glad to not be in Ohio . 
is sick , tired , overworked , stressed , and a bit depressed . Aren't midterms fantastic ? 
would very much appreciate it if the person who stole his laptop , backpack , and text book would be so kind as to return them . 
is now able to breathe again . 
has already voted for the Levy . Other Lakota Residents should go and do the same . 
is glad to know that their wallets mean more to his fellow Ohioans than the education of their neighbors ' children . Keep fattening your wallets , my dear Ohioans . In the end , you'll get what you pay for . 
: Hallo , History . Yes , I'd like you to meet my new acquaintance , \Two more years of standstill in the US government\ " . \ 
is going to go take an 8-12 hour nap . 
just found out that they do , indeed , have composition courses at Regensburg . What little questioning there was , has been decided : next year he's off to Regensburg ! 
has finished the first two of his three mega-projects-o'-death , and may now resume living . 
can finally say he has finished his exams , and he's quite sure that he has passed them . 
is en route home . Just one motor coach ( in which he is now sitting and about to depart ) , two planes , and a car ride to go ! 
Maximillian Tiberius Bear : Requiescat in Pacem . \ 
Goodbye , my dearly beloved dog . 
got to read an original memo from former President FDR . This should be a fun winter study . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Bodner . You will be greatly missed . 
thought he hated < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > as much as humanly possible . After a full weekend spent drudging through an impossibly illegible letter about him and trying to find his obscure cronies , he hates him even more . 
would like to thank < PROPMALE > College's PE requirement for holding him to his New Year's resolution for half a month so far . 
wishes he could thank each of you individually for the birthday wishes , but there 70 of you . So , thank you , all of you . It was a wonderful day , and I feel incredibly loved . 
is quite pleased with this semester so far . Wagner , Verdi , Lysias , Plato , Vergil , Tropical Diseases , and Pos t-t onal music ? What could be better ? 
HAPPY SINGLES ' DAY EVERYBODY !!! 
Would like to thank Puccini for solving his music theory assignment . Now , to bed . 
has finally written a piece about PENGUINS ! His composing career may now complete sadly , as how do you get better than penguins ? 
has devoted his entire weekend to < PROPFIRST > und Isolde , and has enjoyed every minute of it thus far . 
