its warm out and i can stop hibernating now woho ! 

my < PROPFEMALE > man is doing great we had some great cuddle time yesterday and brought in the new year together he is going to be a night baby just like his parents and he has a < PROPMALE > temper wounder who he gets that from ? Hope everyone had a great new year and that this year is better than the one before for everyone . 
purple makes the world go round 
the mind is a beautiful thing we waste ! :-) 
i bowled a 73 ! YAY way better then the 4 I bowled on my 21st . lol 
is watching shutter island 
is going to go bug < PROPFEMALE > 
can't wait till sunday going down state to see < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
knowns < PROPFIRST > has issues cuz the oven is talking to him lol 
You know what ?! There is no Easter < PROPFEMALE > ! love mallrats 
ahh i hate long drives 
prozac is my new best friend lol 
ahh why can't michigan have walffle house ? so not fair 
just sitten around listening to guitars be play what could be better ? 
i just watched the most perfect sunrise . a complete kalidascope of colors . and right before the sun came up it felt as if the world was holding its breath 
to full of energy so goofing off and danceing around 
\I could be the one who would die to feel you breath\ " xmas day-sevendust love that song " 
had a great time out with my girls dancing the night away 
has to have a night of the living dead marathon so < PROPFEMALE > gets out of her zombie obsession . 
is listening to music and being goofy 
YAY ! I just found out that my neices and nefews who I haven't seen in over three years are comeing up for easter I can't wait to see them 
Give me a whisper And give me a sigh Give me a kiss before you tell me goodbye Don't you take it so hard now And please don't take it so bad I'll still be thinkin ' of you And the times we had ... 
together we find the roads we left behind . 
why do people always ask me if i have kids when they havent seen me in awhile I mean really people do you not remember ME I would be a crazy mom , aunt is so much nicer . 
really ? i don't care . 
You're just jealous because the voices are talking to me and not you ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is red , white and blue . Redneck , white trash and blue colar ! 
cannot believe they are calling for snow this weekend . Its just not right 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a \ 
man wishing he could talk softly in her ear ... While you \ 
HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and \ 
reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a\ 
man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman \ 
CRY , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if \ 
you're against Domestic Violence 
can't wait till next friday , going to the sevendust concert 
wow i just found my wedding video that has been missing since the wedding I was laughing so hard at < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > that I had tears . Plus I found < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s Anniversary Party video lol I love the great aunts they are so funny when they are drinking . 
Sevendust was the greatest concert ever . I got to meet the band and Lebron called me hoot gotta love it . had so much fun . 
one of these days i will stop glowing in the dark ! 
you don't love someone because of how they look , you love them because they are singing a song that only you can hear 
well it seems to be the year for babys , and now its my turn . Im Pregnate 
so update baby is due in Feb . yay and morning sickness is finally gone . i feel for those women who have it the whole time 
Does MTV even play music anymore how can they even call it music tv 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t reallyknow everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’texist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know aboutthis ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder .. what Mom thinks about this ? At ... 75 : I wish I ..... could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world 
It's A BOY !!!! 
going to the casino what else am i going to do on a sunday night 
so thanks to having a tree fall on the power line in front of my house i either can turn on the fridge or the heater oh choices 
what is you fav halloween memory ? mine is in school some friends and i went to a haunted house and one friend was sacred of clowns she ended up getting chased around by one and was screaming her head off its still one of the funniest things i remember lol 
Ok so power is back on but we lost our tv computer and microwave figures its the expensive stuff 
Ok so been in labor for almost 27 hrs and still no baby but mom and baby are doing good well as can be when baby is only 24 weeks mostly just sleepy 
Gixer was born november 4 at 806 am he weighs 1 lb 8 oz and is 12 in long at this time both mom and baby and stable and doing well gixer will be staying at the childrens hospital in grand rapids 
just checked on gixer so far today he is doing good his test have all come back on the positive side 
gixer is still doing great there were no problems last night his breathing is good he has been keeping most if not all of each feeding down i am so proud of my mini man now he just needs to keep it up 
Gixer is doing good today they just took him back off the breathing regulator and are going to let him try breathing without it for awhile that was kinda nerve racking to watch but he is calm and sleeping again 
well mini man has had a rough couple of hours after they took his breathing regulator out he got clogged up and had to go back on it then there was problems getting his feeding tube in then his iv got clogged and now they have to poke him every time they want to do test poor thing is all worn out and is sleeping again 
so far today mini man is doing better they have him on insulin due to blood sugar but they said that was normal and that all of the white blood cells he is producing are healthy 
http://www.wix.com/gixerlove/gixer 
mini man is doing really great today his blood sugar went down some and today they are doing a brain scan to make sure everything is looking good in his head also they are putting him on a med to close the hole in his heart that all babys have while they are inside you but that close by themselfs on full term babys 
OK so got the brain scans back and gixer has old blood in his brain nothing new it could have been caused from the birth or from all the stress he was under the other day its on his left side and there is a possibility he may have problems with moving legs or arms but no way to tell untill he is older and close to going home 
Well my mini man is a week old today and he is doing great he was opening his eyes and helping me with his diaper 
so tomorrow they are going to try to take Gixers breathing ventalator out agian to see if he is able to breath on his own . They said that even if he is only off for an hour that it will be good for his lungs to try to work by themselfs . Poor little guy it so hard on his body to do this tho so I really hope that he will not have to go on agian . 
mini man had a really good night he had a heart scan this morning and we will find out the results later today to see if the hole closed in his heart 
he had his first temper tantrume he was getting a shot of vitamine a it was the cutest thing his little face got all squished up and the arms and legs where everywhere 
ok so the heart scan came back the hole has not closed yet so they are going to run the med untill sunday and check again they put a picc line in so they can take out his belly cords they placed it on the side of his head and it means soon i will be able to hold him and do skin to skin contact 
he is doing great today he is still on his stomace and was not happy with the nurse when she did the labs today he was able to lift his head up using his upper body i just cant belive how strong he is 
mini man is sleeping peacefully right now he had another heart scan this morning and we will get the results back some time this after noon his breathing is still up and down so they are going to keep him on the regulator for at least another day 
mini mans heart scan came back he still has a hole but it is alot smaller have to talk to the doctor tomorrow to find out what the next step is 
the doctors said that his hole is small enough that they dont have to give him any more med for it and tomorrow they are going to try to take the tubes out of his mouth 
mini man is doing okay today he has been haven some problems with his breathing going up and down but the setting is still not to high but they what it to go back down before they try to take him off the breathing vent also until the settings go down i will not be able to hold him :( 
mini man is doing better today his breathing is a better and he got his first paci today and was able to suck on it with out any help 
mini man has been off his vent since noon and now he is on a nippv his next step will be a cpap yay 
mini man was doing so good today they went ahead and took him off nippv and now he is on the cpap i just cant believe how great he is doing 
well mini man is doing good this morning he did not seem to like the CPAP so he went back on the NIPPV thats okay tho cuz its still an improvement from the vent 
my mini man is two weeks old today ! He worked really hard in the last 28 hours but he got to tired to breath on his own anymore so he went back to the breathing tubes . poor lil guy has had a hard couple hours but he is resting agian and is back to being stable . 
mini man is doing better today his breathing is stable on his tubes and his sugar level is normal but he does have an infection so they have him on antibodys 
mini man is doing great today he was wiggling all over the place but once i started reading to him he calmed down and fell right to sleep 
mini man cant decide if he wants to use the breathing vent or do it on his own i think he is still tired from working so hard the other day but he is STUBORN so he has to keep trying when he should be sleeping 
mini man is doing great today his breathing is picking up they did have to put him back on insulin but it is a low amount 
mini man is doing good today his blood sugar has gone back to normal and his infection is down he is doing better on his breathing today now he just needs to keep it up 
mini man is still doing great i am so proud of him his sugar is a little low but not to bad i am hoping they try to take him back off the vent soon cross fingers that he does good 
cant wait mom is on her way up should be here in about 5 hours as long as she dont get stopped in traffic DO NOT PISS THE GPS OFF mom lol 
gixers birth amouncement went into the paper today i cant wait to see it 
happy turkey day mini man is three weeks old today he is looking so good and still holding strong 
mini man had a rough night and day his stats have been dropping pretty low during care time his breathing is almost half on his vent now 
mini man is doing much better today they took his vent settings down to thirty percent so his is breathing more on his own than he was and they cut his labs in half so he will not have to get poked every six hour 
mini man is having a good day so far he was bright eyed and holding moms hand his vent is down so he is breathing more on his own but he lost weight last night the little stinker he was at .! lb 14 but is back to 1 lb 11 
mini man is having a good day he is no longer naked so mommy is happy lol 
mini man is doing good today yesterday they put him on the NIPPV wich is an upgrade from the vent he had in so far he seems to be doing well on it the doctors said that if he continous to keep excepting his feedings that he will get his PICC line out so one less wire on him yay plus he will be able to wear hats agian . 
my mini man is having a hard day he is on day three of being on NIPPV and he is starting to get tired of breathing mostly on his own he is destating alot and his heart rate and oxegen levels have been droping more , but , im pretty proud of him this is the longest he has been on the NIPPV . 
tommorrow in < PROPFIRST > my family is selling bake goods and < PROPFEMALE > bars at piggly wiggly for the benifit of Gixer please stop by 
my mini man has worked so hard for the last 4 days but he finally got to tired to breath on his own so he is back on the tube vent in his mouth . Im so proud of him it has been a very rough couple of days and both mommy and baby are worn out , so we both gonna sleep for the next few hours 
Gixer got his PICC line out today one less wire going into his body ! 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , Dec 6th of 2010 , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories ! This is for a campaign against violence on children . 
Gixer finally hit two pounds today !!!!!!!! 
happy one month birthday gixer ! 
mini man is doing good < PROPMALE > changed his daiper and helped to change his bedding for the first time < PROPMALE > they are going to check his heart again and hopefully the hole has completely closed crossed fingers 
PDA has gotten big so they are going to keep an eye on it this week but if it hasnt closed or gotten smaller looks like next week will be sergery 
mini man is doing good today he is finally plumping up he is about to start getting his baby shots so they are going to be poking him all the time :-( 
Today is the best day in my life I get to hold GIxer for an hour or more this afternoon its called kangaroo today will be the first time since he was born that i will get to hold him for more than two minutes and i will accually get to hold him close to me outside his incubator and not just up to change his bedding or weigh him . I am so excited there are no words that can really express what i am feeling today . 
holding my child for the first time was just beyond words , the best i can say was that it was zen like . calming and as if the world was finally right . we were able to bond for almost three hours and the whole time his stats were sky rocketed he was almost completly breathing on his own . im so thankful for my mini man and so proud of how well he did . 
Mini Man is having his PDA closed on Wed so he is going to have to be cut opened . Its very bitter sweet it will help him with his breathing but at the same time Im scared about the surgery . I know he is a fighter and he will do great its just hard to think about such a little guy going threw this . 
Gixer is off the tube and back on the NIPPV vent he is doing so much better the tube had a < PROPMALE > leak and he was doing most of his own breathing so they decided to go ahead and try agian on his NIPPV 
I'm planning on having my baby shower on < PROPFIRST > 15 if you would like an invitation please message me your address 
Mini Man is up to 2 lbs 6 ozs now !! he has almost gained 1 lb since he was born he seems to be doing okay he was destating a little bit with his heart dropping and his breathing going down but for the most part he has been pretty steady . 
Gixer had his surgery today he did wonderful he will have a scar about the length of a finger and his PDA was so large that they had to use two clamps to close it . Right now he is in la la land on pain meds and seems to be pretty happy about it . thank you everyone for the well wishes . 
Mini Man is doing great with his recovery he was more alert today and moving a little more , he has been destating here and there with his heart rate droping really low and his breathing going down but the doctors said that was to be expected right after surgery . 
Gixer is doing great he got the vent taken out and is on the NIPPV so he is breathing more on his own and he is eatting again also they took him off the pain meds he was pissed off this morning and in some pain but by this afternoon he seemed happier and more alert then he has in days . 
My Mini Man is doing good today he had his first eye exame today he has premature eyes which is to be expected since he was born at 24 weeks they eye doctor will see him every two weeks to see how he is progressing . He is on day 4 of being on the CPAP breathing machine hopefully he will not have to have that tube back in . He is recovering great from his surgery . Im so proud of him 
Mini Man got a bath today he is such a water baby he just loved it we had his CPAP off and he was breathing all on his own for the whole bath but he was pretty worn out afterwards so the CPAP had to go back on but it was so cute he was splashing around and just floting in the water . 
my mini man is 7 weeks old he has come so far and is doing so good . he is 2 lbs 13 ozs now and i can finally hear him cry its very soft and you have to be close to him to hear it but it is the most beautiful sound i have ever heard he so fiesty and gets mad so easy poor thing got my temper lol I hope that every one has a wonderful christmas and dont drink to much egg nogg and watch out for those darn mistle toe . 
Gixer is now 3 lbs !!!! Thats double what he started as , the doctors said that soon he will be able to stop using the CPAP and will start for a few hours every day breathing on his own I cant wait . 
I hope everyone has a very happy new year and is very safe please if your going out dont forget a DD . I plan on spending the new year with Gixer ! He's up to 3 Lbs 2 oz 
my mini man is doing so good ! He is now on Nasal Canula which is just strait oxagen so he is enflating his own lungs now yay ! they are going to start bottle feeding him this week I'm so excited we are hopping to be able to bring him home by the end of the month . 
I am so nervous they are going to start working on bottle feeding Gixer this week but because he is a preemie we have to go super slow so he doesn't asperate and have to go back on the breathing tube . He had his eye exam and has stage 1 ROP which means there is a line that is stoping his blood vess from completely developing . I'm so proud of my mini man tho he is getting so big hes 3 lbs 8 ozs now ! yay 
Gixer Tried his first bottle today I am so proud of him he ate 8 ml the first time and 6 ml the second and I got to burp him for the first time it was so cute it seemed to startle him back awake lol . I've only been gone a few hours but I already miss his face . We made it safely back to northern mi with no problems and have a full and fun week planed ahead . 
My mini man is doing great he is 4 lbs 2 oz . He now has the lid of his incubator open and is taking at least one full bottle a day he get sleepy most the time and can't finish but that's okay hes little i understand . I miss him like crazy and have been really sick since i left grand rapids I hope i get over this soon cuz it will really suck to be three minutes from my son and not be able to see him . 
oh my mini man is going to be a monster he is growing so much he is now 4 lbs 7 ozs . they moved him to the new hospital so he now has his own room and i can stay the night in the room I can't wait to see him today i have missed him so much . 
