A strange pattern is emerging in celebrity deaths ... < PROPFIRST > Mays , < PROPFIRST > ( both 50 ) , < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett , who will be next ??? 

never thought i'd be happy to be back in < PROPMALE > after the interact conference though did have a blast though 
5 DAYS OF ECON LEFT 
ECON COUNTDOWN : 3 DAYS 
just got done playing a Risk game for four hours . Didn't win . 
Ahoy ! Yar be the best pirate pickup lines ever ! 10 . Avast , me proud beauty ! Wanna know why my < PROPMALE > is so Jolly ? 9 . Have ya ever met a man with a real yardarm ? 8 . Come on up and see me urchins . 7 . Yes , that is a hornpipe in my pocket and I am happy to see you . 6 . I'd love to drop anchor in your lagoon . 
Ahoy ! Yar be the best pirate pickup lines ever ! 5 . Pardon me , but would ya mind if I fired me cannon through your porthole ? 4 . How'd you like to scrape the barnacles off of me rudder ? 3 . Ya know , darlin’ , I’m 97 percent chum free . 2 . Well blow me down ? 1 . Prepare to be boarded . 
got the math departmental award !!!! 
Graduation party at the Borsts in Summerfield ( it'll be the house with all the cars in front ) , to celebrate 2010 graduation of will borst , will ramsey , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > potts , and < PROPFIRST > patterson anybody that knows us is welcome - it starts at two to threeish , several are playin football at around three or so , and everybody is eating at five thirty , thanks ! I forgot to hand out all the invitations at graduation lol 
UTK Flash Rave in Hodges Library - Crammed about 3000 people in the library lobby absolutely crazy will post a video from youtube if possible - Crowd surfing < PROPFEMALE > , Dude on a blow up horse - awesome .... 
11 sorry louts be thinkin ' they're me mate ! Should I say Aye , or walk the plank with ya scurvy self ? Argh the dilemna ! 
goin ' to see the YES MEN today - media pranking workshop and they are giving an official presentation tonight !!! Gonna be AWESOME !!! 
... And < PROPFEMALE > (???) is first on the Libyan front lines to unleash an assault on military vehicles !!! 
I wish facebook would make a thumbs down button for people's posts ! 
