Na-na-na ... Na-na-na ... Na-na .... Feelin ' groovy 

So . Tired . But happy ! 
Following Miss Frizzle's advice 
OMG , chocolate-covered bacon ! So bad for you and so yummy . 
Geez , is it Friday YET ?!! 
How come my Friends list doesn't show Status like it used to ? Does anyone know how to fix it ? 
Almost done with moving . What a pain ! 
is so very much in love !!! 
Ah , chocolate ..... 
Casi Cielo will be available at Starbucks starting January 12 ! Yay ! 
is so glad that being a nurse allows me to witness absolute miracles and watch prayers being answered . 
Did you ever wish that some people's ex-whatevers didn't always work so hard to prove just why they're an ex ? Yeah , me too . 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
Just saw \Legion\ " . Worst . Movie . Ever . Or at least in my top 3 . 100 minutes of my life that I will never get back . Ugh . " 
Sun , glorious sun ! 
Happy children , a pedicure with my best friend and not cooking dinner tonight .... recipe for a nearly perfect Saturday ! 
102.7 F . No wonder I feel like crap . 
Recovering from a night of fun seeing Concrete Blonde with my sweetie and my best friend . What a great time ! 
Looking forward to the Fourth ! 
Parenthood : the toughest job you'll ever love 
I think < PROPMALE > is chasing bears in his sleep 
What a wonderful surprise that \head over heels\ " still applies to how I feel after a year ! Totally awesome !! " 
what does it say about the nutritional value of potato chips when even yellow jackets wont touch them ... wow 
< PROPMALE > and I went to the Family Fun Day at Sehmel Park -- it really lived up to it's name ! -- then picked a big bucket of blackberries for jam . I just wish < PROPFIRST > and HeatherLee could have been there .. Tonight , < PROPMALE > and I are going to get away for a little romance . * happy sigh * 
Here's hoping that liars get what they deserve from the universe . 
Another week DONE !! So glad its the weekend ! And I'm NOT ON CALL !! Hahahahaha ! Special bonus : Cirque Du Soleil with my < PROPFEMALE > this weekend . 
What to do on a rainy , cool Fall day ..... 
Counting my blessings : wonderful children , the love of my life , amazing friends , a warm , dry home , good health and a great job . Happiness :) 
The cast is off ! I don't know who's more excited , me or < PROPMALE > . 
Misplaced my movitation ... it must be around here somewhere ... 
My new favorite stupid quote : \Note to self : don't use toothpaste as lube again . \ " Again ?!! Hahahahahaha " 
More stuff that makes me smile -- Cole and I will be changing our status to \married\ " on July 4th ! " 
Change of plans : Eloping while we're in Hawaii ! :) So excited ! 
