Losing everyone I hold dear to me faster everyday .... having a diffcult time trying to figure out how I can keep in touch . :( 

Night , I have to get up to take a cake to my b/f for his bday ! Cross your fingers for me . 
He liked that cake ! I'm glad I did somethin right for a change .... :) 
WeeK # 3 for me at CFCC .... 
Going crazy for this guy I know .... it's something very different from what Im use to ! 
Cant wait to go out with him again ... it's so much fun being with him ! 
Thinking of < PROPMALE > ... :) 
I Miss < PROPFEMALE > Bryce .... cant wait until Saturday ... :) 
Missing my Bryce ... cant wait to see him again ... 
Missing < PROPMALE > right now .... waiting for the next time I can see him again ! 
Waiting to see Bryce .... missing him alot .... wishing I could curl up & go to sleep next to him ! :( 
Saturday night was amazing ... even though I almost got in trouble for falling asleep at < PROPMALE>'s house ... It was so totally worth it !!!! 
Bored & hurt very much !!! 
Missing him lots ! Hoping I can be with him during winter break .... 
Wisdom tooth remove finally . NO MORE PAIN I CANT HANDLE !!!! Thank you to the Oral Surgon who did it too . 
Still in pain , but much happier than I was Monday morning ! 
Wants to sleep but has to stay up long enough to take my medication .... Tired of this wisdome tooth crap ! 
Going insane nothing to do ; somebody HELP ! 
Feel FUNTABULOUS ! 
Needs a job , and soon ! 
25 more pounds and Im done losing weight .... Wish me luck because its been a pain to get there so far . 
Not wanting to go to school ... just wanna crawl back into bed and sleep more ! 
Hello weekend ... I've need you since Monday ! 
Got some new pics after losing 21 pounds ! Check'em out please and comment . 
Yay ! I'm getting to my goal , it may be slow , but it's working . 
Have a really big sweet tooth .... :p 
I don't know what to do . It's gonna take me 18 month to become a Radiology tech and that seems like forever ! I have seriously considered military because I don't know with this new health care reform if I'll be able to get paid like before . 
Needs something to do to keep my mind from dying of being bored . 
Long irritating day . 
I wanna leave the house and just drive ! 
This weekend already blows ! Bored , have no money , and nothing to do ... I need to be saved from this hell ! 
Needing something to do ... sitting around being bored . 
Hoping for a better week I really need it ! 
I'm someone you'll never forget , because I'll impact your life in a way you'll never want to forget ! 
Hoping to hear from someone soon .... getting kinda worried since I haven't heard anything in 2 days ... 
Feeling much better even with a group people ... sunshine feels so good on my skin , it's been a while since I've been out like that ! 
Had a decent weekend ... got better this morning ... now I just hope my week gets even better . 
Just wants to cry ... 
Feeling much better today ... just needed some time with myself and my thoughts 
Waiting patiently for something else good to happen in my life ... I just hope it can be soon because I really would like it ! ( Thinking of someone special ) Hope my luck keeps up the way it has lately ! 
If I keep this up I'm going to mess everything up ... It's hard and I need a little help ! I just need to hold back the tears a little longer to try and figure this out ... 
For those friends that will never see the light of day again or be able to start a family of their own . < PROPFIRST > Sorcek 4/2010 , Laryn Edmunds 2/2010 , and < PROPFEMALE > Hyten 11/2008 . You will be remembered and loved by all your friends & family ! 
I dont know where I stand with you , or even know what I mean to you , but I do know I think of you all the time ... 
I love all my friends ... I dont want to hear about anymore dying ! I'm about ready to expload with all the pain I am dealing with from losing so many friends already , so please everyone try to be safe ! I'd like to see you all again . 
I don't know where I stand with you , or even what I mean to you , but I do know I think of you all the time , and that I do worry and care for you ! 
I'm glad to know where I stand with you now , and to know what I mean to you , because you mean a lot to me ! I hope you realized this when we were together . 
Working 1 to close tonight ... 
Still floating above the clouds in my own little world thinking to myself ... that I must be dreaming , but I should know better because spending time with you this weekend was real , it happened and it was amazing ! 
Work was actually kinda fun ! 
Long weekend of work , and I still have Monday and Friday .... BLAH !!! 
Had a fun weekend ! 
So now I get to help work with the truck ! Here I come with new transmission fluid for the truck .... YES , IT'S ABOUT TIME PAPA ! 
Home from work ... 
Goin to drop my car off to get new brakes and then to work ... 
Got home and now I just wanna cry ... 
Just needs a hot bath to relax a bit .... 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Hood Men in Tight .... Fricken Awesome !!!! XD 
Ok guys !!! we need as many people as we can get in on this .... Mrs. < PROPMALE > is an amazing teacher and works < PROPFEMALE > hard for her students ... Its time we all gave back to her . SO if you are or where her student and would like to help , we want to get < PROPFIRST > Banderas to come to the school and meet her .... ITS A SECRET SURPRISE THINGY , so you cant bring it up in front of her !!!!? < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Threnody 
Work tomorrow 9:45 to 6 and saturday 1 to 9:15 ... blah !!!! 
Tired of work .... :( Way to much crud goin on ! Just want to cry because I dont know what else to do . 
Glad to be home .... 
HAPPILY WEARING A SIZE 6 < PROPFIRST > !!!! XD 
Night All ... work tomorrow 9:30 to 5 
Thinking about getting another peircing ! 
Not ready to work 6 days in a row , but I have no choice . 
Work tomorrow 9:45 to 6 ... 
Come to the dark side . We have cookies ! 
Lip pierced , friends graduated , now my uncle is coming down the last two days have been awsome ! 
Springs with my sister tomorrow ! 
Working 11 to 8 ... Our stupid one day sale at < PROPFEMALE>'s gonna be so bored and tired of work ! 
Hoping tomorrow is better ! 
Bed so I can get up for work in the morning Night Night ! 
Please ask me anything , send me anonymous questions ! make sure to click the link : http://ama.honestybox.com/i/592351963 
So my sissy had a nervous break down , but I understand why . Im just glad that my mom and sis are safe and it was just the car that was damaged ! 
Off to sleep now so I can have some fun in the sun tomorrow ! 
Working 1 to 9:15 tonight ... blah so not ready for work . 
Gotta work on the car in the morning ... 
Fixed the car thank goodness it was an easy part for me to replace without having to take it and paying up to $300 for it . 
Tired and just wanna cry .... :( 
Workin 11:45 to 6 ... not to thrilled about it with how the rest of last night went for me . Just not in the mood for anything . 
Gonna rest a little so I can be refreshed for work tomorrow . Better ending for today than yesterday . Thank goodness ! 
So not thrilled with Verizon right now ! 
Once alone usually always alone . Which seems to be my case a great deal of the time . Hardly talk to anyone and usually not to the same person more than once . I guess Im always to busy for my own good . Work and school never any true fun time . :(( 
Goin thru my closet and gettin rid of my big clothes ... about time ! 
Got screwed over by Verizon for $250 ! 
Trying to save some money up so I can move out by the beginning of August . 
I can't wait for Friday to be here ! Im so excited ! :) 
I give up life and things in my life dont seem to work for me what so ever anymore ! What to do next ? Everything makes me so sad all I can do is cry ! 
Tonight was fantastic !!!! 
With how life is at the moment it is going to kill me before I even get a < PROPMALE > to do anything with it . My gma is gonna drive me insane and I just need emotional space right now because Im going straight for the deep end of all nothingness otherwise . 
Tired of people blowin me off . I put up with it way to much . If you really want to < PROPFEMALE > out you better come to me because Im not goin any where just to get ditched ! Livin my life and dont have anymore time to just waste when I can have fun and relax . 
So I just signed a lease for an apartment so I can move . I should be good to go August 21st ! 
Gonna miss my kitties when I move but it's to keep me somewhat sane , so I'll just have to deal with it and visit once in a while . 1 month and 14 days until I can move ... super excited ! 
Watching Dungeons & Dragons 
How many of us\ 
really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ... I\ 
want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy\ 
this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get . This\ 
might just be interesting !! 
Love is nothing you just fall into , it's something that happens on it's own . You'll never know when or where or even who , but you'll know it when it happens because you'll never stop thinking of the one you love . There are those that don't believe in love , but then there are those of us that are optimistic about finding it . 
leaving work earily . not feeling well :( 
Starting to feel a little better ; now that the stress I've been under is not so bad . I feel like I can breath once more . 
back home and much much better after running ! my stress seems to have slipped into a forgotten land . 
If you're brave copy this to your status , and see what people rate you :( 1 ) crazy ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable ( 6 ) sexy ( 7 ) strong ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) like your lips ( 11 ) wild ( 12 ) wanakiss you ( 13 ) funny ( 14 ) lets go out ( 15 ) beautiful ( 16 ) amazing ... ( 17 ) cute 
Idk what to say for once in my life ... : / 
Love is nothing you just fall into , it's something that happens on it's own . You'll never know when or where or even who , but you'll know it when it happens because you'll never stop thinking of the one you love . There are those that don't believe in love , but then there are those of us that are optimistic about finding it . \Love answer your phone and let us know why you aren't always there when we need you to be . \"" 
It's official I'm moving August 21st ! 
Finally home from work and I have work again tomorrow ... UGH ! 9am - 6:30 pm 
Good Night ! Maybe talk tomorrow after work . Just another day of life to continue on . 
With some good friends havin a good time ! 
Night all ! 
Tired of my pants tryin to fall off . It's nice to know I'm losing weight and all but this sucks when I have no pant that fit ! 
Home and happy to be here for now 
Night Everyone ! 
In class bored outta my mind ... but I'll be out soon . 
Work tomorrow 5 to 9 
i had a great lunch ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > . 
Had a fantastic night ! Now time for bed . Good night everyone . 
Good morning world it's a beautiful day in my life today . Hope it continues ! :) 
Today was fantastic ! I need more days like this one ! Still have a big smile on my face from last night . :) 
Nothing to do tonight ... Hopefully something will come up for tomorrow . Off for Saturday and Sunday YAY !!!! 
Goona go put air in my tires and take a look at the truck to see what else is wrong with it and see if I can fix it some how . Hoping to go out tonight . 
Air in the tires now and nothin I can do about the truck for now . Have to wait until my granddad buys the stuff for it . 
Waiting ... that's all my life is right now is waiting ! Moving , School , Work , and Friends all I do is wait for something or someone . 
Not my brightest moment running in the middle of the day , but I still feel better afterward . It seems to help balance me when I'm ready to tip over . 
Had a decent day and a wonderful night ! We'll see how tomorrow goes and how everything goes down , but for now I'm off to bed . Peace ! 
9 more pounds and I'm done with losing weight ... 120 here I come ! 
Who knows me best ? My full name , age , birthday , eye color , nickname(s ) , my hero , favorite color , and number . Post as your status and see who knows you best . 
Long day ahead of me ... school until 10:40 and then work 12-9 . Just wanting to go home right now . Waiting for tomorrow to come . 
Tire of of waiting , and yet I keep waiting . That is my life right now a waiting game hoping it will end soon . :( 
Today will be a better day ! 
Home at last from class ... YAY !! 
So tired ... but still have homework :( BLAH !!!! 
Not in a good mood what so ever right now ! 
Tired wants to go back to bed ... even after going to bed early last night :( 
Home yay !!! 
Up , but still tired even went to bed early again . Guess I need to go to bed a bit eariler tonight or maybe take a nap when I get home for like an hour or two then do my homework and start packin . I need a amazing Saturday night ! 
Home from school now to relax a bit . :) Can't wait to move still very excited ! 
Living my life and ready to move on forward ... that's how I roll ! 
Gone for a run 
Back from my run it was a good one ! 
Off here for the night . Peace ya'll! 
Only have one class to go to today ... what to do the rest of the time ... hmm . I really don't know since I have to be at work by 12 . 
Off to work ... I wont be home until 10 , so peace out ! 
Home and about to start on my stupid 3 < PROPFEMALE > paper .... :p sucks sometimes to be me , but I just deal with it and move on ! 
DOES NOT LIKE 3 < PROPFEMALE > ANALYTICAL PAPERS ON POEMS .... Someone please shoot me before I go off the deep end . Oh ! Wait ... I'm already there ! 
Up way too earily for work yet I must go ... :( 
Home from work ... YAY !!! 
SO BORED !!! 
Packing Boxes ... 20 days 
Gone for a walk ! If you want to get a hold of me call or text because I dont plan on coming back soon . Peace ! 
Back from my walk ... 
Night all ! To bed I go to wake up for school and work . 1- 9:15 
Up but not ready for the day ... 
Home and happy to be ! No work tomorrow ... YAY !!! 
For those of you that know what I'm like when I'm mad as all hell sorry , but for those of you that are new with dealing with me just leave me alone when I get that way otherwise I might be so nice ! Hate to say it but when I'm mad it's just in general . Nothin against you people that I love ! 
Goin to bed hopefully I wont be so pissed in the morning ! If I am still pissed everyone can just deal with it , because I'll tell you to take a hike off a < PROPMALE > any ways ! 
Home ... gonna relax for a bit . 
so bored ... 
Love me , love me not ... Hurt me , hurt me not . I'm about ready to give up ! I just don't wanna get hurt , so please be kind to me . 
Out for a walk . YAY ME !!! 
Back from my run ... 
Has a long day ahead of me not ready for it . Has a longer weekend to deal with . :( 
Working 11:30 to 9:30 instead of 1 to 9:30 . Oh , joy ! 
Home and happy to be . 
Gonna turn in early . Night all ! 
Home from school relaxin a bit ... Thank goodness ! 
goin on a walk ... later 
Finally decided to come home from my walk . 
16 Days and counting ! 
Up even though I'm not ready to be and gonna try to take one step at a time to deal with my long day . 
Home from work and shopping for my apartment ... now someone entertain me ! 
Peace out ! 
Off to work soon ... 12-5 
Home ... helped my friend get a kitty ... but now I must find something to entertain myself so I don't die from being bored ! 
New work dress code for me is fricken amazing ! I can dress like myself and not a up tight bussiness woman . YAY ! 
I give up on guys in general ... I guess I'm gonna stay single for a while to come cause I'm tired of drama , so back off and leave me be I don't wanna get hurt any more by anyone ! I'm am tired of weeping alone and being the only one to care . 
sleepy but my day shouldnt be to long I only work until 8 tonight . YAY !!! 
Home at last ! 
Maybe I should be in bed , but I have too much on my mind to sleep honestly . :( 
Exams tomorrow then I can get rid of my textbooks and pick-up my new textsbooks ... Yay ... Not ! 10 days and counting so excited 
Exams today and goes to work after getting my new textbooks for next semester . On another note : people trying to make things work that will never work please stop telling the whole world to help you because you're just embarrassing yourself ! Grow-up and take it like you should and move the hell forward otherwise you may lose some good friends without realizing it . 
Cant wait for work to be over with ! Then I get 2 days off . 
Tomorrow I'm getting up early to do laundry , pack some stuff , and then go to a friends , and then Friday Im going to St. < PROPFIRST > Beach ! 
Might be on later ... Peace ! 
I really dont like being ignored by a friend especially one I've known for 13 years , so Thanks a lot ! I really enjoy seeing you wallow in grief and pain just love it to bits ... My best friend wont even talk to me anymore ; maybe I should just stop caring as much as I do maybe I should just leave you alone for another 6 years and you'll realize what our friendship is ! 
I hate the game of Life ! It's always a big mess that you can never clean up . FML I'd really like to stomp this game we call life into the ground ! 
Can I just cry my eyes out plz ? You've taken what doesn't belong to you and now you hold it without realizing what is happening ... why must I be such a fool when it comes to you ? You dont understand and never will understand what I feel and what you mean to me ! So please ignore these tears you see and let me be in my misery ! 
St. < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! YAY !!!! 
Upped the gauge in my lip and man it hurt ... but it looks good ! 
Goin to St. < PROPFIRST > Beach today ! Gonna have fun with my mom and sis . 
Had an awsome time at St. < PROPFIRST > ! 
In so much pain !!!! 
Off to bed .... hopefully I can sleep ! 
Doesn't want to work 11-8 tonight . 
Pissed to the point of screaming and putting a hole in something !!!! 
Freezing !!! 
Im off here if you have the digits and you wanna talk txt me or call oyher there is reason why you dont have them 
going back to sleep . still dont feel good but still need to go to work today . 
Thinking about cutting my hair short short again ... with the back shaved up and the top maybe an inch or so long ... 
Eye Doctors tomorrow morning then to < PROPFEMALE>'s to chill until work at 5 ... Long but eventful day ahead of me ! 
Sweetheart , you can take me as I am or just leave me be , because I'm not gonna change for anyone in the world any more ! I'm beautiful the way I am and you either can except it or walk away , but in the end baby you know you're missin something good ! 
Sweetheart , you can take me as I am or just leave me be , because I'm not gonna change for anyone in the world any more ! I'm beautiful the way I am and you either can except it or walk away , but in the end baby you know you're missin out on somethin good ! 
I'm moving tomorrow . YAY !!! No more Bronson ! 
In G'ville officially ! 
No breakfast food so Im goin to the peanut butter jar ... Yummy !!! 
Cooking dinner 
So bored ... need people to chill with 
Needs help to stop being bored .... I'm missing someone that has blown my mind away and is a sweetheart to me that also excepts me for who I am . I'm glad we had a < PROPMALE > to get together , but I wish he didn't have to leave . Now to wait to see him again ! 
I'm missing someone that has blown my mind away and is so sweet , and also excepts me for who I am . I'm glad we had a < PROPMALE > to get together , but I wish he didn't have to leave . Now to wait to see him again ! It's going to seem like forever until I see him once more . 
This mind blowing sensation that has happened I can't get over it . Will you come back you to me faster , because I think I'm slowly losing my senses and little bits of my heart at a time to you . You make me smile when we talk and you've turned my world upside down . 
You snuck into my heart like a ninja and stole my heart all at once . You've turned my world upside down . Please come back to me soon I'm losing my senses slowly without you here . I'm waiting for you and wont stop waiting because of how you make me feel . 
I am head over heels about you ! Honestly I absolutely love everything about you and I miss you . Counting the day until I see you again ! 26 Days to go 
I am head over heels about you ! Honestly I absolutely love everything about you and I miss you . Counting the day until I see you again ! 25 Days to go 
24 Days left ... I can't wait . I think I could do that happy dance soon ! 
23 Days .... Happy dance is coming on soon ! XD Still cant wait !!!! 
22 days and still counting ! HAPPY DANCE !!!!!!!!!! 
21 days ! YAY !!!!! Closer ! 
20 DAYS !!! Super excited ! 
19 days to go ! I cant wait I'm about ready to explode with excitement ! 
To Love is Nothing .. To be Loved is Something .. To Love and be Loved is Everything ! 
To Love is Nothing .. To be Loved is Something .. To Love and be Loved is Everything ! 18 Days left ... slowly going crazy . Hun you should get here now I'm missing you ! 
i made sammiches 
\Love doesn't make the world go ' round . Love is what makes the ride worthwhile . \ " - < PROPMALE > P . Jones ( 15 days Come home soon hun I cant wait to see you ) " 
What lies behind us , and what lies before us are < PROPFEMALE > matters compared to what lies within us . ( 14 Days hun ... just 14 ) 
I love you not because I need you , But I need you because I love you . ( 13 days ) 
Long , tiring , and awful day . 
Things keep going down hill ... what am I to do everything has gone to hell in a hand basket . Im so tired and yet I cant sleep ... I only sleep when I cry myself into exhaustion . Save me before I crash and burn ! 
Got some poems I wrote up on my notes ... Idk if they're any good though . 
I think I'm done crying and I hope I'm done because I'm so over being emotional like that . It's way over rated ! 
So I found a silver hair the other day ... I'm only 20 and I'm already getting silver ... :( 
Well , the last couple of days have been pretty good . I have my best friend in the whole world in my life again and I can't wait to see my family tomorrow after work . 
anyone know of job openings anywhere in Gainesville ??? I just got knocked down to 7hrs in a 4 week period and I need to find another job ! 
Tired of being so far away from the people I love ! 
AHHHH .... needs my manager to get back to me about having a weekend off so I can take my road trip to < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
I hate waiting ! I've never been a patient person and that hasnt changed ... my manager better answer me back about my days off cause Im gonna go insane ! 
Got my go ahead for my days off ! 
Thanks everyone for the happy birthdays . 
Stoked about Holloween weekend ! 4 Days off and taking a road trip ... WOOT !!!!!!! 
15 days before I take off for < PROPFEMALE > 
14 days left 
Good Night beautiful world ! 
1 week 5 days until I leave for < PROPFEMALE > 
1 week 4 days until < PROPFEMALE > 
1 week and 3 days to < PROPFEMALE > 
1 week 2 days until < PROPFEMALE > 
8 Days until my trip to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
7 days to < PROPFEMALE > 
6 days until I leave for < PROPFEMALE > 
5 days to < PROPFEMALE > 
working 2 to 11:15 ... yuck ! 
4 days until I leave for < PROPFEMALE > 
3 days until I leave for < PROPFEMALE > 
2 days until < PROPFEMALE > 
1 more day I get to be leave for < PROPFEMALE > . 
Finally where I wanna be and its been fantastic ! :) 
Back in gville ... had an awsome trip 
Relaxing at home with < PROPFIRST > very happy . 
Have to work 9 p.m. to 3 a.m. someone shoot me please ! 
Had a bad night and an even worse morning . hopefully today gets better . :'( 
sent my poor < PROPFEMALE > to the vet , because she has to have her tail amputated . :'( 
Goodbye hair ! I'm tired of your weight and the trouble you give me every morning . 
Frushstrated with homework lucky me I can't rip hair out any more since it's short ! 
sick as a dog but still at school ! 
Thinking about taking my hair a little shorter next time . 
I've decided shorter goes the hair next week at the salon . Goodnight ! 
Anatomy ugh ! I want more sleep ! 
New cars are always great !!! 
Love Anatomy sooo much !!! :p I want out now !!!!!! My brain is going to explode . 
< PROPFEMALE > 
