goodbye to flakes and headcases in 2010 

the difference between depression and disappointment is your level of commitment . 
has red hair . 
says getting on her shit list is bad for your health . 
We have potential 2 fall in luv 1000x . But certain ppl define how u classify what luv's supposed 2 feel like . They set the template 4 what u will always luv about other ppl , even if some of these qualities are self-destructive . The person is not inherently different than anyone else , they’re often just the 1st luv . But that person wins & u lose . Cuz 4 the rest of ur life , they'll control how u feel about every1 else . 
computer is broken , if you need to reach me call me 
computer fixed , hollaa 
watching south park season 6 and i need water so i'm going to the kitchen . lol 
whisky + vodka + < PROPFEMALE > + rum + gin = bad hangover 
did anyone else get a xmas card from the white house or am i just special like that lol 
anyone know where i can get free windows skins ? 
baking a < PROPFEMALE > pie just for the hell of it . is that better Steph Tomeo ya tramp lol 
tired from clothes shopping ... going to watch some of vin's adorable videos with a big ridiculous grin on my face lol 
stuffed after eating 3 slices of pizza , b&w cookie , garlic knots and 2 cannolis 
Just popped that bottle 
An exciting morning in bed with a cold watching < PROPFEMALE > Girls . 
Au Natural 
some people just really don't know who they're fucking with . 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
Sorry to anyone who got IM's from me about free gift cards , my acct was hacked . 
With so much drama in the LV it's kinda hard bein < PROPFEMALE > Double N.I.E. but I somehow some way manage not to choke a motherfucker like every single day ... thug life 
A note to anyone wanting to Boycott BP : Arco , ampm , Castrol , Wild Bean Cafe and Aral are all part of the BP network . 
So sad , my cat is missing and I didn't know until \ 
hours after he got out . ='( Have a headache , cant even eat . Thank god \ 
this is my night off 
A big f*ck you to all my fairweather friends , you know who you are . I'm not a novelty to be enjoyed at your convenience . 
I miss you Cinnamon ! ='( 
Cinnamon is home ! Neighbor found him and he's so dirty from being outside 3 days ! 
BP brands to boycott : Arco , am/pm , Castrol , Wild \ 
Bean Cafe , Aral , Amoco and Safeway Gas 
My tummy hurts . Boo . Pain pill to the rescue . 
Ahh much better . 
I love the orange lines they put over my face in my passport photo so that I look like an oompa loompa . NOT . 
Work is pissing me off . On a positive note today is payday . 
I feel like treating myself to a movie tonight just me myself and I 
Things Not To Say To An Officer : Hold my beer\ 
while I grab my license . Sorry , didn't realize my radar detector was\ 
off . You musta been going 125mph just to keep up . You're gonna check\ 
the trunk , aren't you ? Was trying to keep up w/traffic . Yes I know there\ 
are no other cars around ... that's how far ahead they are . When I\ 
reached for my bag of crack , my gun fell off my lap and got lodged between\ 
the pedals . 
Sorry for the multiple posts ; my FB be trippin ! 
Facebook should be absolutely ASHAMED of themselves for deleting the Boycott BP < PROPFEMALE > . Why don't you delete mine too while you're at it you unscrupulous tools ... if BP opened their wallet again I'm sure you would . 
Watching Hoarders makes me want to go clean something . lol 
Running around like a chicken w/o head today ... Walgreens , hair salon , nail salon , dermatologist , massage spa , library , tanning salon , sleep , work tonight . :o ) Rough life . 
Why do I torture myself ... 
Why the fcuk am I still awake ? 
Hello darkness my old friend I've come to talk with you again because a vision softly creeping left its seeds while I was sleeping and the vision that was planted in my brain still remains within the sound of silence . 
Burnt my eggs and found a bug in my drinking cup . Day is off to a bangin start . 
A liberal is a man who wants to build bridges over the chasms that separate humanity from a better life . - < PROPFIRST > Nixon 
I'd say I've officially seen every Forensic Files episode . 
I always hitch my wagon to a dull < PROPFEMALE > . 
You know you've got problems if you have to resort to Magic 8 Ball for an answer . 
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread and so I come to you my love , my heart above my head . Though I see the danger there , if there's a < PROPMALE > for me then I don't care . 
FL Residents : Help Sea Turtles Survive ( free posters and bumper stickers ) http://www.helpingseaturtles.org/request-materials.php 
Anyone seen Grown Ups ? 
To the moron behind\ 
me at the cashier's cage who decided to rattle his chips in his hand \ 
incessantly for 5 mins straight , just want you to know you were this close to \ 
experiencing death 
Why can't I so much as say hello to a man without a crazy wife , ex-gf or baby mama turning my life into an episode of As the World Turns .... And people wonder why I < PROPFEMALE > a box cutter . 
Nothing like getting 3 needles in your face first thing in the morning . 
My phone was reset so I lost half my phone < PROPFIRST > , everyone send me your digits please . 
Don't sign up for service over phone w/T-Mobile . The incompetence is astounding . The sales reps have no qualms about lying for commission . Call a few times , you'll get a different story each time . They have no record of my payment 6 days ago , I'm w/o my web or int'l discount , they claim I owe more even though I was quoted lower . 2 days and they can't get it corrected because their \system won't allow them\ " . Garbage . " 
TiVo , MSNBC switched channels . Get with the program . 
No one's gonna catch you if you can't just let go . No one's gonna love you if you can't let love show . No one's gonna find you when you're hiding in the dark . No one's gonna find you . 
I officially joined the 21st century and got a Crackberry . Yay me ! 
Just watched Shutter Island .... awesome . 
Playing on Crackberry for the past 6 hours .. 
Watching The Crazies 
Sippin rum and coke by my damn self . 
The party continues at < PROPMALE > Ramos Jr's house . 
Doc wants to chop up my back again after it was just making progress healing from his butchery 3 weeks ago . So looking forward . How bout I roll the dice on this cancer thing cause I don't particularly give a shit . I want my tanning bed . 
No more hate , bye Prop 8 ! 
Wish it would hurry up and be winter , I'm tired of sweating my brains out . 
Making fruit salad 
Watching < PROPFIRST>'s Day 
I hate people who shove their pretend perfect lives in everyone's face . I hate friends that aren't worth a damn . And most of all ... forget it . Where's my alcohol 
Why do people get offended by the truth when they should embrace it ? Just curious . I'm somewhat drunk but that's irrelevant . 
It's growing stale by the minute listening to the media endlessly tout < PROPFEMALE > Palin as a great entertainer . She has to be in on the joke to hold that title , otherwise it doesn't really count . 
Doing my own acrylic nails tonight , hope it's not a disaster . lol 
Ladies if you wanna wear a backless dress please ditch the bra or buy a clear one . 
Dear ASPCA , I'm pro-animal rights however you need to stop with the miserable commercials of dead puppies laying in a pool of blood set to heartwrenching music . I'm watching a perfectly lovely show , next minute I wanna put a bullet in my head . 
Burning the midnight oil , so much fun . Although I get paid to go on FB and fuck off in general so I can't really complain . 
It disturbs me that McDonald's butter does not melt . 
I'm getting sick of Facebook ASSUMING what I want to search for and then forcing me to search for it . 
A study published in the journal of Nature Neuroscience in autumn 2007 by scientists at NYU and UCLA found that liberals had more brain activity than conservatives . 
Eyes are tired from reading 5 hrs , have to kill the remaining 3 hrs of my shift in some other fashion . Lol 
Tree fell on my car , that's fuckin great . Nice end to my day . 
Have you ever thought about 2 words at once and a combination of both came out of your mouth ? Yep . 
Going into surgery shortly . Lucky me 
Woke up a few ago ... back is burning , waiting for my old friend Lortab to kick in . 
I'm nauseous . 
Am I the only one who has < PROPFEMALE > vu about random , stupid shit ? 
I love having my water shut off 4 times in one month because the genius property manager can't spring for a competent plumber . One day it was shut off for nothing because he didn't even bring his fucking tools . Seriously ? 
Why is something I wrote on someone's wall in my news feed .... like I don't know what I just wrote . 
My stitches are itching so bad it's driving me crazy . 
Should I eat 3 week expired eggs that were possibly recalled ... cuz I'm REALLY hungry . 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > to cataracts surgery . 
Off to get my hair done . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > vs . < PROPFIRST > trial . 
I need a vaca desperately ... should I go to < PROPFEMALE > or NY 
Breakfast with friend , tanning , onto the next . 
Okay I'm taking a poll ..... which movie was funnier , < PROPMALE > or Jackass . Vote now . 
Everyone has the right to be weird , I just abuse the privilege . 
Watching Massachusetts vs . < PROPMALE > trial . How absurd that a doctor would diagnose a two year old with ADHD . 
At doc to get stitches out . 
Well the doc said be careful with lifting for the next two days so that gives me a good excuse to skip grocery shopping . 
I need to know which airline to fly ... my choices are US Airways , < PROPFEMALE > , Continental or Virgin . So far I'm really liking Virgin . 
OJ + Cran-Cherry = Yummy 
Exhausted from workin out , time to shower and collapse 
Certain individuals are heavily plagued by shame deficiency syndrome . If you're going to broadcast your Springer-esque life on Facebook , at least go on TV and get paid to make an ass of yourself . * yawn * 
Just because you're from Utah doesn't mean you can leisurely cruise the Strip at 15 mph and hold up traffic while you sightsee . Get on the bus or get out your walking shoes and get the frig outta my way . 
Watching ' The Broken ' 
If mozzarell was a person I'd make love to it . 
At work ... it's so friggin hot ! Turn the A/C on cheap bastards 
Please be 8am ... please be 8am ... 
I hate when a hair sticks to my lip gloss but if that were the only thing I were upset about , tonight would be peachy . 
Fuck my life . 
Saw Devil tonight . Was good , I enjoyed it . =) 
Kill me now . lol 
Making this a productive day ! 
Watching ' The Back-Up Plan ' 
Why do certain clothing stores need my name , phone number , address and copy of my footprints at birth to make a cash purchase ? Pretty ridic if you ask me . 
Boys confuse me SO much . :\\ 
I like it raw . 
I love listening to a chainsaw outside my window for 3 hours ..... NOT 
So burnt from being in the sun 5+ hours at the lowrider show 
Watching South Park make fun of Jersey Shore and lmao 
I may GTL twice in one day I'm so bored ... 
The inspiration I needed today ... Aiutati che il ciel ti aiuta . God helps those who help themselves . - Italian Proverb 
Watching Home Alone . Which pretty much sums up my Saturday nights . 
If only I could crawl in a hole and remain there . 
I love how cool my sheets are this time of year . 
Watching < PROPMALE > Maher's latest DVD . I need the laugh more than ever . 
He fuckin hates me . la la la love . I tried too hard and he tore my feelings like I had none . 
Is anyone doing anything for Halloween ? 
My bad , meant to say tomorrow is last day for early voting in < PROPFEMALE > so , vote ! 
Ugh , headache . Attempting to take a nap . 
It's a Taco < PROPFEMALE > and Netflix night . 
No words describe how I feel . It's going to be a rough 6-7 more hours at work . :( 
La penna ferisce più < PROPFEMALE > spada . The pen is mightier than the sword . - Italian Proverb 
I seriously thought Palin's campaign ad was a satirical joke when I saw it .... then realized no , it's her actual ad . I feel like I'm in a parallel universe . 
Watching Get Him To the Greek . 
Ugh , time to work out but feel like going back to bed . 
Guess who doesn't care anymore .... this chick ! 
About to get a camera shoved up my nose and down my throat . 
The back of my throat is numb and my nose is running . I feel like I just snorted an 8 ball . 
I hate when someone ruins a song for me . 
Good on you Kucinich for putting Issa in check . 
Watching ' Frozen ' 
Watching ' Armored ' 
is eating strawberry cheesecake for breakfast cuz that's how I roll . 
This TSA rubdown search garbage really blows my mind . What's next , drop your pants and cough ? When are we going to realize that REAL security happens BEFORE the terrorists reach the airport and put a stop to these inane procedures ? 
Time to drag my ass to the treadmill . :/ 
Nausea fucking sucks . 
Fuck off sun . 
Movies , movies , movies ! 
The penalty good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men . - Plato 
LoL \A woman just tried to smuggle a baby onto a plane ! \ 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being an ass , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if \ 
your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up \ 
where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you \ 
... for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . \ 
They will know who they are 
Love sleeping in on winter mornings . 
Dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and a movie . Happy Thanksgiving y'all! 
Saw The Next Three Days , loved it . What I didn't so much love was the guy behind me whistling through his nose . 
needs a leather jacket . 
Watching ' Nine Dead ' 
GTB - Gym , tan , Blockbuster . I hate Sundays . 
The city shut down my tanning salon for 4 hours because it \uses too much power\ " and they're building a pedestrian bridge across the street . How retardo . " 
Okay I'm highly irritated . Just want to get my workout outta the way and I can't do that either because someone's on my machine and the other treadmill is broken . Can anything ever go right for me ?? 
I want < PROPFEMALE > . 
Spilled perfume on myself and don't even know what kind it is ( < PROPFEMALE > bottle , no label and I have so much shit ) but it's giving me a headache . lol 
I really pisses me off how manufacturers don't make things to last anymore . My pizza cutter broke today , however my mother's ( that she's had since before I was alive ) - still intact . Just one of many examples . 
Just finished watching You Don't Know < PROPFIRST > with mom starring the great < PROPMALE > Pacino . #TeamKevorkian haha 
< PROPFIRST > Cantor tests my gag reflex . 
I am not a liberal who is so afraid of the word that I had to change my name to progressive . - < PROPFIRST > O'Donnell 
Wish I wouldn't fall asleep with the TV on cause it wakes me up in the morning . Lol 
Watching ' After . Life ' 
Chicken noodle soup . Chicken noodle soup . Chicken noodle soup with a soda on the side . LoL 
Dear stomach : Stop growling , I'm not feeding you . lol 
Gettin my nails did . Whaaaat 
? Everybody finds somebody someplace / There's no tellin where love may appear / Something in my heart keeps saying / My someplace is here ? 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > Edwards 
is inconsolable 
Never ever EVER will I waste my time on a man again . NEVER . DONE . FOREVER . 
Copy this and put it in your status if you know someone or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone or even if you've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message ... 
If you take a < PROPMALE > , sometimes good things happen and sometimes bad things happen . But if you don't take a < PROPMALE > , nothing happens . 
The perfect life is spread before us every day , but it changes and withers at a touch . - J.B. Priestley 
I love when everyone ignores me . 
Whyyy did I eat so much pizza whyyy ... 
Bring it on rain .... all day and all night just like my bleeding heart . 
Watching ' Fragile ' 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays everybody , spend it with the ones you love . 
Anything on TV is entertaining when you're high . 
Italian dinner with mamma . 
Nothing says < PROPFEMALE > Christmas like throwing up outside the restaurant . * blech * Goodnight * blech * 
Are all my east coast peeps enjoying their winter wonderland ? LoL 
Doc appt , gym , tanning 
I hate when the roof of my mouth is burnt/sore . 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... even if you don't talk much lately .... Re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world ! 
Fam reunion with < PROPFEMALE > Manzi lmao 
Is getting tired of all these substitute hosts on MSNBC . 
My life is beyond bizarre . 
Anno nuovo , < PROPFEMALE > nuova . New year , new life . Or so I keep hoping . 
God a 10 hour shift ... shoot me . 
Fuck this shit .... staying in bed til I'm better . 
Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment . Those 5 people must in turn post this and send something they made to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
Does anyone have sore throat remedies ? I'm taking codeine/promethazine but it's not helpinggg . 
Back to work tonight ... fun fun . I'm better ... I think . 
LET'S SEE HOW CREATIVE MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS ARE ... LEAVE ME A 1-WORD COMMENT THAT BEST DESCRIBES ME USING THE SECOND LETTER OF YOUR FIRST NAME ... IT CAN ONLY BE ONE WORD ... THEN COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR WALL SO I CAN LEAVE A WORD ABOUT YOU ... DON'T JUST POST A WORD & NOT COPY , THAT'S NO FUN . 
At work , reading The Audacity of Hope . 
Time to get ready for work in a few mins , ew . 
I am < PROPFEMALE > COLD by this freight door .... I want my bed ! 
? I never meant to start a war / You know I never wanna hurt you / Don't even know what we're fighting for / Why does love always feel like a battlefield ? 
Why aren't Facebook mobile uploads working ? GAY . 
I want a TiVo that automatically skips over commercials ... I'm too lazy . 
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without . - Confucius 
Trying to wrap my head around the fact I'm apparently no longer an Aquarius . 
How you treat others reflects who you are and it will come back to haunt you . That's all I have to say . 
You can't survive in this world with a heart like mine . 
To party , or not to party . That is the question . 
Watching some freak on TLC who eats toilet paper . And this is my Saturday night . 
Human slug over here really needs to hit the friggin treadmill . 
Man I hope I get this job ! * fingers crossed * 
I want Taco < PROPFEMALE > . Wahhhhh 
< PROPFIRST > cerca trova ... He who looks for something will find it . - Italian Proverb 
Lucky there's a Family Guyyy .... 
If I disappear it's because a certain psychopath shows up at my door tomorrow . Why me . :( 
Click \Like\ " if you're glad you met me . Post this as your status and see how many you get . ;) " 
Phone off til the 24th so FB me . 
Watching Case 39 
Holy shitballs it's cold with this wind . Space heater BACK on , 
My nails need to be done , my BlackBerry is shut off , and now , I'm out of soda . It's a dark day in the history of mankind . Pretty soon I'll have to make a sign and stand by a freeway off-ramp . 
Lovely . \ 
\ 
Hi < PROPFEMALE > ! Here is your Daily Horoscope for Friday , January 21 \ 
\ 
Someone who is smiling to your face while planning to stab you in the back is just about to make their play -- so make yours first ! Now is the time to at least get out of the way , if not to counter-attack . 
Time to kick my ass at the gym then soak in that artificial sun . 
Who wants to hit the movies tomorrow ? 
I need a Facebook intervention . So I can become an alcoholic instead . Someone better be buying me shots tonight !! 
wonders why people I don't know think it's okay to friend request me w/o even introducing themselves . That's like me , a stranger , knocking on your door and not saying shit when you open it but expecting you to let my ass in . 
likes how on my < PROPFEMALE > it says \Today is your birthday\ " in case I wasn't aware . " 
Should I see Little Fockers or 127 Hours ? 
Agitaaa go awayyy ... Some nerve I had eating pizza w/o taking my Prevacid . 
Drunk and watching Takers . lol 
At Gold Coast sippin on Rum & Coke 
Does this asshole in front of me know where the < PROPFIRST > is , cause it's not the sidewalk . 
Over 8,100 text messages on my < PROPMALE > this past month LoL 
If you \poke\ " me does that mean we just had Facebook sex ? " 
Chillin in my < PROPFEMALE > Mouse pajamas 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you ......... are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you .. lol\ 
OH YEAH !!!!!!!!! 
This is gay . I only slept 4 hours and can't go back to sleep . 
You know what I miss as a kid ? Going to a store called Learning Is Fun . I can't wait to have a child just so I can take them to Learning Is Fun . lol I'm such a dork . 
How many of us really know the people on our fb friends list ? Here's a task , all of my fb friends leave a comment on this status of how we met . After you comment , copy this to your status so i can comment on you too . You'll be amazed at what people say ! 
Ugh I have to get out of bed for my nail appt soon and I don't want toooo 
These lace panties give my ass a wedgie . TMI .... deal with it . 
Hot pink nails ' n toes .... it's so necessary . 
I have to work on < PROPFIRST>'s Day . :( 
Black and yellow black and yellow black and yellow black and yellow lol 
Ordering pizza and watching Saw : Final Chapter 
This pizza is better than sex . 
is rockin some really big hair right now . 
Here's a shovel , can you dig it fool ?! 
Watchin < PROPFIRST > Murphy Raw lol 
just finished sex toy shopping . : X hahaha 
Homegirl on Cheaters flushed her wedding ring down the toilet , that's hardcore right there . I'd rather pawn it . 
Has anyone ever used < PROPFEMALE > ? Wanted to know if it adds any funny taste to food . 
I wish the Rainbow Bridge had a phone ... so I could hear your bark again . I thought of you today ... but that's nothing new . I thought of you yesterday and the day before that too . I think of you in silence and often speak your name . All I have are memories ... and pictures ... in a ...... frame ... Repost if you have a pet over the Rainbow . 
Who wants to snuggle :P 
I want Chinese . Thanks to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Funny how he was so quick to raise his voice at me and tell me he could get another girl in 10 seconds , and now that I refuse to acknowledge him he can't get this girl who's 2,500 < PROPMALE > away off his mind . * shuts phone off * 
Aww I missed Sandler on Leno . :( 
is really tired of ExtenZe commercials . 
really wishes her stomach would stop hurting so she could be somewhat productive . 
is friggin starving like an Ethiopian . 
Watching The Girl in the Park 
Soo ... guess I'm supposed to sleep now . 
Gung Hay Fat Choy ! 
Watching ' Buried ' 
feels like crapola and needs to go grocery shopping . 
All these years later and the mere sight of him still makes my heart sink lower than the Titanic . I think it's time for me to restock on liquor . 
Vodka - check , < PROPFEMALE > - check , gin - check , rum - check 
Downloading songs the past 3 hours and counting for Steph Tomeo . I'm such a good friend . lol 
Does sweet & sour sauce go bad ? I'm guessing yes . And what the hell is this other sauce the Chinese place gave me that smells like mustard and gasoline ? lol 
I'm pretty sure it's a bad thing when your pee is brown . 
What to eat . I feel like shit as usual and nothing appeals to me . 
ZzZzZz .... 
is watching < PROPMALE > . 
They wanna charge my mom $400 to fix a voltage issue w/her big screen projection TV that won't turn on and broke less than 2 years ago ( she paid $300 that time ) . You're better off picking up an old tube TV from a landfill than investing thousands in modern technology that is made to break . That's what she's doing now ... watching TV on a 20 year old RCA that'll probably still work when my children are in college . #SCAM 
Why the FUCK am I breaking out in hives the past few days ?! #NOTCOOL 
I was gonna take my ass outside ... but then I got high . Daaadadadadanana 
My foot is asleep . 
Does anyone have a Food Saver ? 
is off to the office . 
< PROPFEMALE > , I'm home ! Oh that's right . I have no < PROPFEMALE > . :/ lol 
I hate when I have an itch deep inside my ear ! 
is gearing up to watch MC on HSN in 2 hours and then the hysterical stupidity that is Jersey Shore . 
Are my smoke detectors really going off right now ?! My cat just had a fuckin coronary . FML 
Drinking Long Islands and cleaning the house in the middle of the night . 
Feeling so nice right now . :P 
is making out with the cat . Don't judge me . 
Why won't my video upload ?? Wahhhhh I'm going to sleep . 
My cat is such a weirdo . Does anyone else's cat try to eat their hair ? 
And I was like .... why you so obsessed with me ?? < PROPMALE > complex guido ! See right through ya like you're bathin in Acqua di Gio ! rofl 
is watching < PROPFIRST > Whitehall on Comedy Central . British people are hilarious . 
Buon San Valentino to all my sweeties . 
A long sweater coat , a heavy coat over top , leather gloves and I'm still cold . Tomorrow , a scarf and a beanie . 
doesn't like that she can't enjoy a caramel macchiato at work because Starbuck's isn't open that late . This is Vegas bitch , you need more than one 24 hour location that isn't on the other side of town from me ! 
5 mins til freedom . 
It smells like stale shit in here . Thank god I'm leaving . 
is @ work and with macchiato this time , thanks < PROPMALE > 
Does anyone know a good email client I can use to check my Cox email from my phone ? I use mail2web.com and it blows . 
Time to watch < PROPMALE > Maher vids on YouTube and kill the remaining 6 hours . 
According to a black girl who just walked by , I look black . Maybe I should lay off the tanning . Funny cause I feel pretty pale today . 
loves the bumpy part of the 95 ... I feel like I'm on a speedboat . In fact , I just discovered there's a fan < PROPFEMALE > dedicated to it with over 2,000 fans . LOL ... In other news , I'm glad I was driving too fast to definitively tell if that was a dead cat on the side of the road . 
To all those I love , you know I love ya today and always . <3 
They smile in your face / while all the time they wanna take your place / them backstabbers :) 
needs a foot massage . 
Should I grab a burrito on the way to work ? Hmm . 
Early to work .... sitting in my car . lol 
Ugh My head hurts . Maybe cause I need to eat . 
is on her 6th piece of gum . 
Ahhh I wanna go home and there are reporters here , please don't film me . lol 
God relief please be here in 15 mins . 
The guy at McDonald's always offers me a free soda . :P 
just saw the biggest daddy longlegs spider ever and now I don't know where it went . If it crawls on me I'll fucking scream . 
Free < PROPMALE > Taco ! I got the hookup everywhere . LoL 
This new photo system on here is really lame and pissing me the fuck off . 
Apparently you can rent out the Jersey Shore house for $ 6,500 a night . rofl Seriously , who would want to ? 
Does anyone else get cell phone calls from < PROPFIRST > that show up as only 4 digits ? It's fuckin old already , I hope whatever computer that's dialing me explodes and kills all the telemarketers within a 50 yard radius . 
< PROPMALE > cuor non si comanda . The heart can't be controlled . - Italian Proverb 
Don't the \push and turn\ " directions on a prescription bottle defeat the purpose of child proof ? Assuming your child is literate .. " 
You're only worth to a guy what you're worth to yourself . If you settle for next to nothing , you get treated like next to nothing . 
Dear downstairs neighbor : Really don't think you need a \beware of dog\ " sign for your barking rat that weighs less than my cat . " 
Sipping a Long Island and listening to music at 10:40 in the morning . Life is good . 
is watching Paranormal Activity 2 in bed with a cocktail . 
should get drunk more often . 
How is it I have a hangover when I haven't even gone to sleep yet ? lol 
wants ice cream . 
L'importante non è vincere < PROPFEMALE > partecipare . It's not whether you win or lose , it's how you play the game . 
is sick of her BlackBerry trackball getting stuck . 
Il silenzio è d'oro . Silence is golden ... why waste my words . 
Just had a dream saying I should eat lots of asparagus . 
#nowplaying The Town 
Headache . 
When is my scar gonna stop itching ? My surgery was middle of August ... 
I love you my lovelies !! 
feels like having a glowstick party in my room . 
Well that's nice , my messages and comments aren't loading . 
Like LL said , I need love . 
Should I go black again or stay brunette ... thoughts ? 
My remote is officially missing . wtf . 
Tanning , movie time , sleepy time . 
I'm getting so I really love the cold . I need to move , fuck Vegas . 
is watching The Social Network . 
Great , burnt my friggin pizza . * sad face * 
is watching The Haunting and eating overcooked pizza . lol 
Attention YoVille players : Please send me silver keys ONLY . Thanks ! I will send you silver keys unless you specify something else . 
Am I the only freak who loves to vacuum ? 
? Dreams last for so long / even after you're gone ? 
I just unintentionally cracked my wrist . Fucking oww . 
Yawn . 
My empty 55 gallon fish tank does still serve a purpose . I can see the reflection of my TV without having to roll over cause I'm too fuckin lazy . 
Great I just accidentally deleted my list of house music to download . 
Why do I have 20 years worth of lip gloss ? lol 
Tingle tanning lotion = no joke lol 
Why is poking someone now a three step process .... is it really that serious ? 
I can't believe I'm 26 . wtf . 
Too many young men today are stuck in a stage of extended adolescence . Stop playing video games and start taking on some responsibility . - Stolen from < PROPMALE > Maniscalco 
Gnocchi and ziti .... fuckin stuffed . 
just saw a hyena eat a dead elephant's ass on Tosh . 0 . 
FOUR stores to find fucking bran muffins .... REALLY ?? Not even the Whole Foods near me . RIDICULOUS and I have a migraine . 
It's not who you are that holds you back ; it's who you think you are . 
My water is shut off again . I'm SHOCKED . 
wonders how cookies got their name . First of all you bake them not cook them .. 
I feel like crying watching Snook cry over Vinny lol ... I would just rape him in his sleep . 
Time to get tanoriffic . Then the store for fresh mozz and prosciutt :D 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Tosh : Happy Thoughts 
It's so fun to run in my dreams in slo-mo . 
Is anyone else havin trouble loading YoVille ? 
2011 must be the year for scumbags . After seeing countless friends and family get repeatedly and willingly shit on by men , I'm so glad I'm single . 
So who's going to keep me amused between the hours of 2am and 8am ? 
nom nom nom prosciutto nom nom nom 
Omg I want my bed . After ripping off this uncomfortable bra . 
hates songs with long ass intros . It's a song not a movie nukka ! 
Most dudes is okay / half of the rest aint / talkin bout what they wanna do / reality they can't / ask em what they life worth / watch em draw a blank / I really aint got no interest if it don't involve the bank 
I ... don't ... know ... what ... to ... eat ... 
can't wait to get a new bed and get my ceiling fan installed in time for a brutal summer . 
Thanks for waking me up 3 times you telemarketer/creditor/POS . 
Just washed my fucking car and another asshole pigeon shit on it . 
Say it aint so Vinny , say it aint so . An < PROPFEMALE > broad ? Really ?? 
is watching Let Me In . 
It's .... tanning timeeee !! 
Wtf don't people understand about 10 items or less ... assholes 
Should I go see Snooki ? I think she's drunk already so who knows how long she'll last . 
I'm so retarded lol I thought today was the 12th . Grrrr Where to go ... 
Drinking @ Luxor . What is everyone doinnn 
I'm a losa babayyyyyyy so why don't ya kill mayyyyyy 
omg Facebook you're annoying . 
beddddd 
loves the psychotic Virgin Mobile Android commercial . 
Watching Heavy . Okay if you get in your car and your stomach hits the horn , you need to lose weight . 
Am I the only one who thinks Trix don't taste the same as when I was a kid ? They suck now . :( 
I can see the Nigerians are on FB now ... Did anyone else get a letter from an \attorney\ " claiming a relative died and left them nine million dollars ? lol " 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s / Happy Anniversary Italy ! 
Well that was disappointing . 
is so irritated . 
Eating a burrito with a fork is a pain in the ass . 
< PROPFIRST > Trump is such a clown . 
yawn ... come on down to South Park and meet some friends o ' mine ... 
It's fuckin freezing in here . Guess I shouldn't have put away the space heater . 
I love being woken up on 3 hrs sleep to them powerwashing my bldg . 
Well since the waterfall on my window stopped I'm attempting sleep again . If it doesn't happen I'm going to be pissed . 
Why is sleeping with a man like a soap opera ? Just when it's getting interesting they're finished , until next time .... 
My cat just went liquid #2 on my bed . Thanks . 
Chocolate donuts at 1am muhfukka .... LoL I'm so redonkulous . 
Why did I buy a comb when my fingers do a better job ? 
Fish tacos never appealed to me . Perhaps because I already own one . 
Watching my manz < PROPFIRST > Greco on Cheaters :D 
has < PROPFIRST > Bros . on her ringtone . LOL #YouAintFreshAsImIs 
Is anyone else having problems uploading photos ? It's really pissin me off .... 
Okay the whole \winning\ " shit is just annoying now . It wasn't funny when cokehead said it and it isn't funny now ... kthanx " 
Ahhh ... tanning bed + no protective eyewear = itchy watery eyes and good ol ' corneal damage . lol 
I fucking hate my asshole job who think they can < PROPMALE > their employees blind at every turn . I hope you get hit by a bus < PROPFIRST > you cunt . 
They got money for wars but can't feed the poor . 
Exactly what flavor is Cap'n Crunch supposed to be ? 
Me : < PROPFEMALE > why did you throw out my Long Island ? Mom : It was fermenting . Me : Alcohol is expensive . Mom : It's been in there for 3 months . Me : I don't care ! 
Is it Jersday already ? 
Does anyone know where you can buy Now and Laters in Vegas ? I can't find them anywhere . 
Goodbye goodbye to all the fake people in my life / I never wanted you around me so be on your way now / You better think twice / Before you let people in your life / Cause when you put down / No one is around you 
I gotta get up in 4 hrs and I can't sleep with all this bullshit swirlin in my head . 
When I think of all the phony people , the shallow mindsets , the empty words and the broken promises it really makes me wanna throw in the towel on this life . 
All around me are familiar places ... worn out places ... worn out faces . Bright and early for the daily races ... going nowhere ... going nowhere . Their tears are filling up their glasses ... no expression ... no expression . Hide my head I wanna drown my sorrow ... no tomorrow ... no tomorrow . And I find it kinda funny ... I find it kinda sad ... the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had . 
Half asleep @ nail salon . Please let me get a couple hrs sleep before work when I get home ! 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > Ferraro 
At the Mirage chillin like a villain , my bed I be missin . 
I'm hungryyy feed me 
You know you're fuckin bored when you're seeing along to < PROPFEMALE > Chameleon . 
is getting paid to listen to house music and eat pretzels and chips . 
Almost had a coronary when I dropped my phone and it wouldn't turn on :O I hope it's not damaged !! 
is at Putters with @ < PROPFIRST > Matli 
Still chillin w/ < PROPFIRST > @ Imperial Palace with his sleepy ass . 
Damn < PROPFIRST > you snore mad loud kid LOL 
lmao w/Amanda at work about topics such as psychedelic drugs and \cuddle parties \"." 
Add me on BBM bitchez - PIN 24B60C14 
is watchin Jerseylicious at work . 
Sneaking wine @ work 
When I get down on life I just remember the small things that are so GREAT . :) 
I'm going lez . Taking applications 
Being fat and incredibly lazy is not a valid reason to use a motorized cart at the grocery store . 
Some random guy just sent me a message asking me to < PROPFEMALE > in his low budget remake of Attack of the 50 Ft . Woman . lmao How do these people find me , srsly .... 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > , what have you gotten yourself into this time .... 
I'm soooooooOoooooooooooooooooooo highhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh omgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg 
I had an experience tonight I'll remember the rest of my beautiful life . 
And < PROPFEMALE > in Philadelphia is the best show everrrrr 
YEAHHHHHHH !!!!!! WHATTTTTTTTT !!!!!! OKAAAAAYYYYY !!!!!! LMAO 
suddenly feels like listening to Indigo Girls . lmaoo 
:) For the Week of Mar 28th , 2011 -- Your taste for the unusual is likely to be satisfied on this wild weekend . The impetuous Aries New < PROPFEMALE > in your neighborly 3rd House can trigger an instant connection when and where you least expect it . Passionate Mars joins your electrifying ruling planet Uranus , intensifying your personality and making you an exciting person to be around . 
My BlackBerry is taking a crap and I've only had it since July . It keeps turning off by itself ever since I dropped it a couple days ago ... this sucks ass . :( 
Fucking sick . http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1371883/Vitaliy-Sulzhik-sues-Monster-Energy-Drink-finding-dead-mouse-can.html 
I go to sleep hoping my little dream finally comes true . 
Thank you higher power for the perpetual April Fools joke that is my life . lol 
Snooki got paid $ 32,000 for a Q&A at Rutgers University . Are you fuckin kiddin me or what . 
Pastor jerkoff broadcasts Qur'an burning online = mob of pissed off Muslims in Afghanistan kill a dozen people at < PROPFEMALE > compound . I hope you're proud of yourself jackass because after all what's more Christian than enciting violence and hatred . 
Will one of my faggy friends please text/IM/BBM me please ? 
That girl I just wanna love her treat her like no other talkin bout shoppin sprees spend my money on her damn I really want her 
Playing deadmau5 at 4am and pissing off my mother . 
At Steak n Shake w/Amanda 
Watching Black Swan w/Amanda and smoking that ganja 
I have to peeeeeee 
mmm cookies 
omg cookies 
Why is there a man digging through a purse on the side of the road across from Bally's ? 
Welcome to Shitty Walk LOL 
WARNING PLEASE READ ... If someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance on the sidewalk with your arms in the air , DO NOT do this , IT IS A SCAM , they just want to see you naked . Please copy and paste this to your status -- I wish I had received this yesterday , I feel so stupid ? 
just had the most bomb chocolate chip cookie from Rebel . Now I know where to stop off on my way to the weedman . 
Morning just another day .... happy people pass my way .... looking in their eyes .... I see a memory .... I never realized .... how happy you made me oh < PROPFEMALE > LOL 
How come the biggest shit talkers have no balls ? Like a poodle that yips all day ... 
Dude , I totally forgot what I was doing .... 
Dear employer : Fuck you for cutting our pay that was already grossly insufficient . Your employees of several years are now making less than when they started . You should be ashamed of yourself you money grubbing scam artist . \ 
\ ... It is a crime for people to live in this < PROPMALE > nation and receive starvation wages . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. " 
