Wow .... so thought i was off today and woke up to realize I'm not . My head is so far in the clouds these days it's not even funny . Bust Busy Busy ! If it weren't for < PROPMALE > , Bayo and < PROPMALE > I don't know where I would be ! It is so well worth it though . < PROPFEMALE > is going to have the best Christmas ever ! Yayyyyy ! :) 

I'm not ashamed !!! Let's see how many people on Facebook aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior ... We need to get God back in < PROPFEMALE > ... If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status 
Check out my MySpace ...... I updated and changed a couple things ! Soon to have more recent pics ! 
Girls Girls Girls ......! Lol ! Not doing much of anything really ! Talking to Will like normal ! Gettin ready to start preppin a bangin ass dinner ! Mmmmmm ! Can't wait ! 
Don't feel well at all ! This sucks ! It seems like everytime I turn around I'm sick again ! AAAHHH ! Also wondering what it is about my life that is so freakin interesting to others ? People seems to be more worried about what the hell is going on in my life then their own ! WTF ? The older they are the more they figure they have to talk about ! We aren't in grade school now ladies ... SERIOUSLY ! Grow up and move the hell on ! 
So much running through this cloudy winded mind of mine ! 
OMG am I pooped ! I need sleep !!!!!!!!!!!! Between < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , I can't get any sleep ! Toss and Turn then Hot and Cold ! Nothing but a pain in the tush ! All I want to see is the back of my eyelids ! 
Another long ass day today ! Looking for a new casa ! 2br that accepts pets ! If you know of any help a sista out ! Lol ! Oooohhhhh shit ......! I just do not have motivation today ! It's cause its a nasty funky rainy day ! In the 70's-80's this weekend folks ! Can't freakin wait ! \YYaayyyyyyyyy ! " 
OMG I'm soooooo freakin sun burned ! This shit sucks ! It's all < PROPFEMALE>'s fault ! That's my story and I'm sticking to it ! Never again will I go tanning in a salon ! F That ! Lol ! Really not funny though ! OOOUUCCHHHHHHHH ! 
Things are all falling into place ! For the first time I just feel like everything is so \RIGHT\ " ! It feels freakin great ! Like the first bite a fat kid takes of his chocolate cake ! MMMmmmmmmm ! So sweet ! LOL ! Thank you my < PROPMALE >!" 
Juice ??? Crangrape or Cranapple ?? The real question ....? I'm voting for the crangrape myself ! Cranapple only if mixing with alcohol ! What do you all think ??? 
Hating the fact that I feel like I have no one to depend on but myself these days ........ :( Leave it to someone else and you're leaving your ass open for penetration ! 
Can't wait to get off work and go home .... MUST GET SLEEP ! Lol ! My ass is beat and I'm not talking kinky stuff either ! 
Cant wait til Sat ! I'm soooo freakin excited ! Going to see Zac Brown Band , OAR , Collective Soul and others ! I can't wait ! Yayayayayayayay ! 
Can't wait to spend the night with my < PROPFEMALE > ! We are going to have a blast this weekend ! Preakness Infield MugClub Tickets to see Zac Brown Band , OAR , Collective Soul and more ! I can't wait ! 
My body hurts all over and my face is deff sun burned ! It was worth every last little ache and pain ! Can't wait for next year ! Bring it on ! 
Had a great day today but it was long as all hell ! My head is killing me ! Watched my neighbors get evicted today and it about broke my heart ! My heart and thoughts were on the infant they had when her crib and belongings were being ripped through by a bunch of blood sucking vampires with no shame ! My prayers go out to them ! 
What's on my mind ... you really don't want to know at the moment ! It would make me sound like a horrible person ! Only God can judge me .... And give his Forgiveness ! 
\Men have called me mad ; but the question is not yet settled 
“Everyone has a right to be stupid ; some people just abuse the privilege . ” 
Should I stay or should I go ? 
A wise person once said \Love Hurts \"....." 
If I didn't care , more than words can say , \ 
If I didn't care , would I feel this way , \ 
If this isn't love , then why do I thrill\ 
And what makes my head go round and round\ 
While my heart stands still ... \ 
\ 
-The Shawshank Redemption ( 1994 ) 
Just made some kick ass homemade chicken and dumplings ... OMG can't wait to sit down and eat . Finally I can keep food down ....... its freakin great ..... 
I'm in a hater mood right now .... AAAHHHHHH ! A hater of the opposite sex .... What is a relationship really worth ??? Not my fucking sanity that's for sure !!!!! To hell with that shit along with your excuses and temper tantrums ! It just aint me and the time wasted will be mine no longer ! That's how the cookie fuckin crumbles ! 
How does one handle a relationship when one can't handle one's self ???? 
Is so tired of wasting my day inside working when it is so beautiful outside ...... the pool is calling my name ....... I hear it ....... lol 
I love and hate men like u .... I love u cause Im like u ... I hate u \ 
cause I fall for guys like u and end up hurt ..... call that stuck between\ 
a rock and a hard place ... u feel me ...? 
OK .... since I can't sleep I figured I would ask you all to help me with ideas for this years birthday party .... Where ?.........??????? Come on guys .... I have faith in you ... 
\Friendship is \ 
Have no plans for the 4th ! Might just be < PROPFEMALE > and I with movies popcorn and ice cream after fireworks of course !! Hit me up if anyone has any ideas or wants to join ! 
White , Free , Single and 23 baby ..... Happy 4th of July . 
Oh how I'm dreading this 11hr work day .... So much for the pool and relaxation ... I'm beat ! Have more than 65hrs scheduled for this week ... Lord let me get through it with a half sane mind ! lol . 
So somebody brought up the dating thing in convo yesterday .... I haven't been on a damn date in forever . Not opposed to blind dating but I know some people I call friends like to be tricksters so I'm a little leary .... Wouldn't you be ??? 
I love the way you lie .... Great song . Mad props to Rihanna and Eminem ..... I'm lovin it ! 
Ok ladies and gents .... I'm free Sun ! My only day off .... let's make some plans here .... 
good morning FB ! Another super long day ahead .... only 4 more to go ! Yay ! ( yawn ) 
Really really really hoping everything pans out for my OC trip this coming week . I so need a couple days to relax . \I could really use a wish right now \"......." 
I would be lying if I said I don't miss him ... I do ... or do I miss the thought of him there by my side ? The warmth and comtort of his embrasing arms ?.... HAHAHA for those of you who know him ... you would be laughing at this too ! 
15 hrs in one day wasn't as bad as I thought ... the next two days will really be the test .... another 15 tomorrow and then a 16 on thurs .... Lord Jesus be on my side .... 
Woke up in a really good mood this morning , must be because I know my week is coming to an end and I'm excited for OC next week ..... Mon-Thur ..... N e body wanna come down an chill just hit me up . 
Lord , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the thing I can not change .... Be on thy side Lord , for I am on my knees . < PROPMALE > me forgiveness and guide me Lord . I am but 1 soul from the flock of your many followers . I am but 1 believer and I am need of your guidance . In Jesus name , Amen ! 
Lost in a weak moment we tend to give in to our inner demons ... \I am only human\ " we try to convince ourselves . It isnt until we have faith in ourselves that those demons sprout wings and fly towards the < PROPFEMALE > gate of the Lord's Kingdom . \ " We are only human\ " . \ " I have faith in me\ " ....... DO YOU ???? " 
OMG am I tired .... now that this week has passed my stress level can be knocked down a notch ... Still very worried about Will ... I'm praying that this too is only a test ....! 
Oh how I can't wait for 7a to roll around . Sleep sleep and more sleep I need ... To make things worse my damn vacation is coming on Mon and I just heard it is supposed to rain for the beginning part of this week . Just my luck . I sooooo hope not ! 24hrs of non-stop work is just not my cup of tea . Another 16 starting at 11p and I'm done for a couple days ... I CAN'T WAIT ..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is counting down the hours til my vacation starts . 6hrs and I'm ready to roll . Really hoping it doesn't rain the entire time we are there ! Can't wait ! 
Just got here .... a 3hr beach trip for vacation and I end up in a trailer park ! Next year I'm going and planning alone ! 
is having a great time gettin ready to hit the OC boardwalk with the family ! 
has < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > tickets that I'm not able to use now due to a loved one being in CCU in the hospital ! I paid 88 but if you want them ill take 50 bucks for them ! the concert is tomorrow ! Tickets were purchased through TicketFly.com ..... hit me up asap ! 
Cancun Cantina tonight ... Ladies night out ... YAY ! Look out fellas ! ;) 
Looking forward to my interview .... can't wait ! Hopefully my wants and needs will be satisfied and my bank account will see double what it is now ! wish me luck peeps ! 
Is amazed by the amount of water that can leak into my apt from one window ..... AAAHHHHHHHHHHH . Not happy right now ! 
should sooooo be sleepin . I just can't wait to start school and get it over with . Im excited ....... yaaaaayyyyyyyy ! 
What a perfect end to a perfect day ! Got a lot done , spent time with my < PROPFEMALE > and my baby girl ! Wish everyday could be like this ! 
I hate to be placated ! Knowing that you have been for so long not only hurts your feelings but affects relationships ! WTF ! :( 
No Devil can hide his horns all the time ..... I guess every < PROPFEMALE > has it's thorns ! :( It just sucks when you repeatedly get pricked by them ! 
Who would have thought Mother Nature could be such a bitch ......... :( Rain rain go away , stay away until the day , we need your ass to come again , maybe then I'll call you friend ! 
I like it on the floor ..... 
Its couples week ! Copy and paste this with the date when you got together . \ 
DATING : 10-16-09 TO BE MARRIED : 04/10 
OMG what I wouldn't give for a little sleep and a new body . N E Body wanna make a donation ???? lol . 
Happy Anniversary Baby . I love you with all my heart and am looking forward to spending the rest of my life with you . XOXO . Congrats for snaggin such a catch as myself . ;) 
GGGOOOOOOO REDSKINS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Huma Huma Nuka Nuka Apua Ah ........ YEAH BITCH 
Thank you all sooooo much . Hopefully today will be a good day ! I'm keeping my fingers crossed ! 
Thank all of you once again for the wonderful birthday wishes . Going to see < PROPMALE > Rucker in concert tonight and am sooooo excited ! To bad he doesn't know its my birthday ..... LOL 
I\ 
may not be the most beautiful girl or the sexiest girl nor do I have a \ 
perfect body . I might not be everyone's first choice , but I’m a great \ 
choice . I do not pretend to be someone I’m not , because I’m good at \ 
being me . I might not be proud of some of the things in my past , but I’m\ 
proud of who I am today . So take me as I am , or watch me as I walk \ 
away ! ? Post if you’re proud of being you !!! Real women Rock ! 
How many county workers does it take to paint 1 damn fire hydrant ? And people wonder why we have so many cut-backs !!! DUH ! 
ATTENTION !!!!!! Do\ 
NOT join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a \ 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE ! BE SAFE AND HAVE FUN ! 
HAPPY TURKEY DAY ....... 
Gettin the little one ready for school and off fishing for the day . Can't wait . 
OMG my mind is a cluster f@ck......Men are on my shit list .... today at least . \Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky like shooting stars ; I can really use a wish right now\ " ...... to get me the fuck up out of the hellish mind of mine ! Sometimes I wonder just how the f @ck I'm supposed to deal with stupid people ?????????? AAAAHHHhhhhhhhhh " 
The sun shines upon this dogs ass . Hopefully the cloudy sky will disappear for good and my knight in shining amour will return to me in his natural tate of body and mind . This HULK guy has just got to go ..... LOL 
Tired of STUPID PEOPLE . Lol . Lovin my new place and workin on my smile . I got this ....!!!!! 
How easy it is to fall in love and how hard it is to fall out . My life status should be \it's complicated\ " . Now wonder my head hurts . Lol . " 
Missing my < PROPFIRST > pan . Take us back to your neverland . Not ranch . This utopic paradise you Speke of . Is this love ? Is my mind caught up like froto on this precious ? Is my baby girl with her blonde hair a ringlet curls . Sun shining through my clouds is your smile a voice so loud . Abnoctious but sweet and never-ending . You give me wings . To meet you in neverland . Hand in hand . My < PROPFIRST > pan . 
My baby girl is fighting a nasty cold , my manz is layed up with a hurt foot and I am still sane for this moment in time . LOL . All is well and looking\ 
forward to spending the day with my babies . XOXO . 
Not feeling so hot today ... Wish the weather was more like yesterdays . It was great to see family yesterday even for a brief moment . Too bad the only thing that has changed is me ............................. RIP Ms. < PROPFIRST > 
