damn you facebook and your shatty chat ! 

has one more day till his weekend . Hell yes . 
will do anything and everything . 
can't sleep 
is a little put off by time and how quickly it passes . Of course my work week is the exception to the rule .. 
should be sleeping ... 
needs to get it together . One more day of work . >.< 
spent 10 hours at Worlds of Fun yesterday .. Now , back to work . T_T 
one more day till my weekend ... Time skip , go !! 
yay for 40 hours a week and no money ! 
wishes money wasn't so necessary .. 
isn't looking forward to yardwork tomorrow . * sigh * 
knows it's already been said , but boys are irritating . 
misses you 
has wednesday off ? Boo-Yeah ! What ? Errands ? ... lame ... 
used to wonder where all of his friends went , but the smoldering bridges behind him helped to fill in the blanks 
paid $5.00 for a $4.55 pack of cigarettes and received $5.45 change back . Win ! 
got the resume all put in order and sent in ... Unfortunately I left my cell phone in < PROPFIRST > ... We'll see tonight if I have any missed calls . Wish me luck ! 
can't seem to sleep 
is feeling froggy ! 
has gone half-crazy , and the other half is simply lying 
feels today has the potential 
is hoping on board with doppelgänger week ... Having fun yet ? 
valiant effort , KSU , but not good enough . ^_^ 
knew it couldn't be that easy . 
has six more days until the job interview , and has now run out of crosswords . Crap . 
go go excitement ! ... Or not ! 
won't miss this weather at all . 
is playing some < PROPFIRST > Kart . Hit me up , just please don't do it with shells . 
doesn't mind the changes facebook made . It's really nothing to cry about . 
is finally having his car fixed tomorrow !! 
' s rage gauge is almost maxed ... Beware . 
' s car looks even better than the day he picked it off the lot !! 
plays the guitar for his macaroni and cheese while it's being cooked . Nothing like the blues to make poor people food taste soooo good . ^_^ 
Composure : I need it . 
can't be tamed or twisted to fit anyone else's needs but his own . And I'm ok with that . 
is taking a moment to embrace insanity in an attempt to hold darkness , if only for a fleeting moment before it takes its own hold over me . Yet again , strangely ok with it all ... 
\When it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel was just a freight train coming your way . \"" 
float . 
should have brought a pillow to training today . 
doesn't have anything insightful to say , but wants to post anyways . I have just become the majority of facebook members . XD 
had his brat sacrificed to the god of good times last night at the cookout . Needless to say , the good people of the Census Bureau should not be given the task of tending a grill . 
is feeling a < PROPMALE > bit irritable today . Recognizing that it's inexplicable , I won't be taking it out on anyone in particular .. Just an awkward show of what you people call \emotion \"." 
screw intuition . I'd rather remain blissfully ignorant , thank you very much . 
feels fantstic this morning . :-) 
believes nothing short of random road tripping on a beautiful day like this is appropriate . 
is starting to feel at peace again . Keep those fingers crossed ! 
is prepping himself to go bother some Americans . I put the \FU\ " into \ " CFU \"" 
CFU ... Pissing off one household at a time in 90 second intervals . Sign me up . 
loves it when his days off don't coincide with anyone elses . Party of one ! 
go go passive aggression ! 
... zombie .. 
had an hour long training session , followed by my lunch break , and finally ending with a meeting . An hour and 45 minutes of not working ? Sign me up twice , plz . 
is praying for inbound . 
dear Vangent , please give me my friggin money . Kthxbai . 
mmmm , steak . 
is about to find out what bothering people on a Sunday feels like . 
Monday : The lesser of my two fridays . 
welcomes you to \When will it be over Wednesday\ " . Expect this event to take some time . " 
needs to save himself from himself . 
wishes his schedule would quit lying to him . 
prefers to believe that those who have reached enlightenment show no < PROPFEMALE > to flaunt it . 
is regretting the cream cheese and jalepeno pizza he devoured last night . >_< Oh the pain ... 
wouldn't be < PROPFIRST > if there wasn't inner conflict . 
' s body is rebelling against him . 
is feeling uncharacteristically wonderful today . I suppose losing a hundred pounds worth of baggage will do that to ya . =) 
needs to stop falling for your provocations . Time to search for that elusive inner-peace once again . 
\into the < PROPFIRST > of the sun march our hero hunting the darklord . \"" 
stands by being unpredictable simpy on principle . 
has the weekend in his sights ... Just an hour and a half to go ! 
is on a quest for dipping dots ! 
Someone has to be the villain ; otherwise the light wouldn't offer the same level of salvation . 
loves a good lazy sunday . 
is 2 hours away from facing a week's worth of work dragons . Boo . 
will one day pursue his own happiness . For now though , it's enough to see others smile . 
is feeling , which isn't ok . 
is feeling a < PROPMALE > bit haunted . 
just shut up and let me count you ! 
Happy Mommy Day ! 
weekends are a week too short . 
< PROPFEMALE > should have a mandatory telephone ettiquette class . 
had a dream with a very nostolgic group of characters ranging from my elementary school days to high school . That's the closest I'll ever get to a reunion . 
loves a good storm . ^_^ 
It's finally Friday !! Gonna party like an old man and sleep . =P 
inexplicable rage . 
' s back feels terrible . 
is back at square one . I know this place all too well . 
Skyward Sword ? Yes please . 
is one of the few people who can turn a 5 hour drive to an 8 hour one . I'm going to bed now . 
feels it's time for a quick survey . If you think it's lame when your significant other decides which friends you get to keep , like this status . If it's acceptable behavior , leave a brief comment . 
... survey doesn't apply to me or my decision making ... I can't believe I have to say that . 
getting ready to go to Illinois tomorrow ! 
stress , anxiety , and paranoia . It couldn't be my vacation without my flaws . 
is the kind of guy who worries about baby-birds wandering around cats , dogs and lakehouse kids . 
if I had a warning label , what would it say ? ( Ganked ! ) 
is here by choice . 
pit-felled 
Is it better not to speak in consideration of someone else's feelings , or to speak loudly with only your own well-being in mind ? 
still moving stuff . At least 2 more trips to go ! 
< PROPFIRST > says I have to change my status . \ 
\ 
Mission Complete ! 
Do I have a part in life's charade , or must I force another's role ? Shall I cast my lot or catch aloft , drifting where winds of fate blow ? 
would take an intelligent discussion over uninmportant pleasantries any day . 
Yeah , I randomly post on people's statuses ( stati ? ) , what of it ? 
somehow had gone 22 years without seeing the Blues Brothers . After watching it , I have no idea how it's possible . 
is watching \A funny thing happened on the way to the forum\ " . Haven't seen this since Latin class . =) " 
Nothing like green shoes to brighten up your day ! Any distraction from the heat will help .. 
is a few days past done with August 
should be going to bed ... 
it's wonderful to have a vehicle capable of holding all of the stuff you'll be moving . That being said , a Ford Escort is NOT that vehicle . =P 
those who fought the power then are those who have the power now . And the cycle continues . 
is all sorts of blargh ... 
is so tired .. 
anyone know of any job openings in the < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , or Olathe/Overland Park area ? 
has run out of ideas for creative or insightful updates . Booo .... 
just spent close to half an hour cleaning out facebook notes from way back when . If I were my friend back then , I woulda slapped the crap outta myself . =P 
... if they manage to take ALL of today to get my car worked on ... Even Wal-Mart would have been done by now . 
* sigh * Overland Park .. 
has nothing nice to say about parking garages . 
is finding 1860's history incredibly insightful . 
ignorance is bliss like money is happiness . 
can't decide if it's more amusing or annoying to almost choke on a cough drop due to coughing with a cough drop ... 
It's called equal rights . All you're doing by burning religious documents is creating content for \training videos\ " . Leave me and the rest of the country out of you're fearful ignorance . " 
Basement nostalgia ... 
Reason #3 to have a . 50 cal mounted onto your car : People camping for spots in parking garages . 
Garaaage saaaaling todaaay ... 
is an uncle ! 
I see sun , but feel no heat ... False advertising ! 
go for broke ! 
feeling kinda shellish . 
I like to play my guitar for my nephew . Nicest , most attentive audience ever ! 
blah blah blah 
isn't having as much fun as he'd like ... 
needs inspiration , but not quite as much as aspiration . 
rang the < PROPFEMALE > atop a 42 ft climbing wall today . My fingers and forearms feel accomplished , at least . 
haunted much ? 
grawr with a heaping side of blargh . 
had quite the fulfilling evening . ^^ 
sitting some dogs . Day 1 
Day 2 ... -.- 
Dog sitting complete !!! 
Extra hour of zzz's ? Sign me up twice . 
is watching christmas movies with the sweetie . =) 
I'm a fish . =P 
