Sleepy as shit lol :) Talking to < PROPFEMALE > before she heads to work , then back to bed for me till 9 lmao 

Kinda tired but idk if ill sleep lol . Get to spend the day with my wonderful girlfriend :D cant wait !!!! 
Kinda annoyed but ill live ppl seriously need to get off my back ..... 
im super tired :( need to sleep a good bit today but i dont see that happening :) 
Tired but thats nothing new :) Needs to be monday so i can be off work for 2 days and spend quality time with @ < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
Yay !! Its my friday :) . Get to see < PROPFEMALE > tommorrow and super excited about our date ! 
Wondering how i landed such an amazing girl ?? Glad i have her tho !!! Ive never been this happy before ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Yay ! finally a pic where you can actually see who i am ! 
Yay ! another week of work is finally over !! :) Excited to get to see < PROPFEMALE > Today :P 
Meh is the word of the day :P Learn it and love it ! :D 
I wish sleep didnt exist its such a waste of time , so much more productive stuff i could be doin ..... >.< 
Love wasnt Love till i Met you ! :) 
He who is not impatient is not in love . :) 
Love : Two minds without a single thought . 
fucking hate stupid ppl that only criticize\ 
one person and doesn't watch or say shit to anyone else its fucking retarded >.< 
Yay ! im finally away Wal-mart for 2 days :D 
Lifes a bitch and then you die . hopefully mine comes quick 
Fuck life in the ass with a giant dildo 
Will never understand the way of a female . you find someone you fall madly in love with and they feel the same way and it jsut vanishes >.< 
Really misses the one that got away ! 
People think its < PROPFEMALE > easy to just get over the girl that you fell hard for . its takes time and will always sting . everything remind me of her and its blows thinking about what i had and lost . 
i guess for some ppl moving on is alot easier then it is for others :( lmao but im cool with that :D 
How can you truely say you loved someone with all your heart if you just get over them in a blink of your eye ? 
Life is priceless to me :) 
Bored out of my mind , there is nothing to do ...... 
Getting a new profile pic soon i hope hahaha :D 
Pictures never do anyone justice at all :) thats why i hate pictures lmfao 
\One day\ " was suppose to come but that day will never come . " 
Bored out of my mind :( nothing to do in this little crap hole town lol :) 
Never understood why people say sry for something they knew was the best for them . dont say sry bc you DONT actually feel bad about it Bc its what you felt was the right thing to do ! 
The little things in life like opening a door or giving a compliment is what matters the most :D 
it is impossible to fix stupid if i could id be a fucking billionare :) 
Leaving my brain at home ...... hope no one bothers it :P 
It made perfect sense in my head when i said and thats all that matters :) 
wonders why ppl treat him like the \gay best friend\ " lmfao " 
Totally Just Double rainbowed that was fucking amazing lmfao 
Off to do my Non-real job lmfao :) 
Is there a women on this earth that can actually be straight forward about anything ? 
Even when i try and go out and test the waters i always manage to find something that reminds me of what i truly want is her back 
Grrrr my fucking eyes hurt lol >.< 
loginto farmville 
Emotionally and Physically Drained way to much shit to be thinking about . 
Had some well needed father son time :) 
why must ppl go on with the goddamned childish and stupid fucking shit . 
Lad i don't know where you've been but i see you won first prize :) 
All This Bullshit has made me Strong Motherfucker :) 
Yay for sleeping for 5 hours and wide awake >.< 
Doesn't feel well at all ): 
After passing out from something to ease my stomach im up all night once again >.< 
Asshole mode GO ! (: 
Is in a better mood after a fantastic night of sleep ! (: 
Dreams are things thought up by people who want something out of life but then crushed by those who have failed at making anything out of life for themselves (: 
The best compliments are the half assed one (: 
Stupidity killed the human race :) 
t-minus 8 days :D 
yay for still feeling like shit bahaha 
Feels like complete and utter shit >.< 
one more day ! (: 
is starting his new job bright an early this morning :D 
got all the way to alumni drive and then got a call that they would like me to start tomorrow >.< 
is tired and gonna be sore in the morning lmfao 
Exhausted >.< , Bed soonish :P 
People need to learn to drive there is no fucking need to drive slower then a semi truck that is in the slow < PROPFIRST > when ur suppose to be in the fast < PROPFIRST > ..... 
I need ppls < PROPFIRST > Gogo ! i got a new phone :D 
Today is y dad's Birthday !!!! So Happy Birthday DAD !!!!! 
Ugh not feeling well at all >.< 
Absolutely hates everything right now ugh ! 
Ugh sick , would rather be at home asleep :( but duty calls lmfao 
Semi trucks are silly , flipping over on the interstate ^.^ 
Wants the feeling of being needed/loved/wanted back ! >.< 
Jobless lol 
The black eye peas need to call it quits !! So fucking horrible ! :( 
I absolutely hate being put in the middle of everybody's fights , i am always the one that gets called and made feel like shit bc they're fight with the gf or bf fuck that leave me the fuck alone ..... 
