been doing ok an everyting just do not be on here much I don't get it ??????????!!!!!!!!!!! 

Don't know what is the point of facebook sometimes , other than being nosey . I be reading this and I am like what is going on for real ? I am totally confused !!!!!!!!!! Anyway I be going to church now ! Went to Bible study for the noon . It was off the chain . I miss every body . < PROPFEMALE > you threw an excellent birthday party for my sister . I don't know if you on here but thanks . And if any one did go I thaank you ! 
So any way what's happening people ? Why is God so mericiful ? Shoot I am glad he is cause we humans can be down right crueland petty ! 
thanks < PROPFEMALE > 
well I am bout to eat , chow ! Then I am of to home on the Westside !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well I couldn't make it to church today , mainly cause my gas is extra low and I am over my parents house using they computer yet again to file for unemployment . Though things are starting to look up ! A job called anf I might be starting it on tuesday september 8 yippee ! I hope I like it . Then maybe I won'thave to worry so much about trivial tings lie gas . Pray for me people , love you ! 
well if is day 3 for my new job an i like it butnthe problem is i have to stand up the whole shift , people you shoul of seen me when i finnally got off each day , I could barely walk . It was horrendous ! I pray my strength in the lord that he will bless me to either get over the pain , endure the pain , or no longer have the pain in my fet no more . Whatever the lord bless to happen I will praise in advance ! 
we hungry today but we will endure ! I love my new job , feet hurt but hey thats the break ! next week i get paid I might go celebrate and watch \I can do bad all by myself\ " movie on friday at eagle highland any one wants to help me celebrate . Jesus is soooo good ! " 
Well nice to see everyone is up an running ! 
well i can say i will like being single again . Less of a hassle .! 
well I wason here but I might as well get right back off , Looks like some folks are upset about something , I have no idea . Any way ya'll have a great week ! 
well right now the wait time for a divorce is on my mind , who knew they make you wait 60 days . I guess they think you might change your mind . I will not be changing my mind , shoot I paid the money and I doubt they will give me a refund ! 
Well last nite was a great nite , I feel so much relaxed now ! 
Guess i be celebrating New Years at a place calld the Triangle . Its 15 for a single person plus champaine , party favors , and a lil grub . 25 for a couple . Times like this i wish i had someone . Oh well i am going to have fun by my lonesome . 
Dang website . Uggh . 
Why wait if you know that you getting older every day and that there might be a bettter person out there for you ? I mean I am not going to walk up to a guy but if a guy approach me and we got to be friends then I don't mind dating if he asked me out . Long as I take it slow it should work out . If not I just have to be by my lonesome till mr. right comes along . Wow . 
Happy easter facebook ! And good morning 
Stomach hurt . Too much food last night . Ham ! Turkey ! Turnip bottom greens ! < PROPMALE > and cheese ! Sweet potato pie ! Potato salad and more . My aunt can through down ! It was good . 
Is wondering when things will finnally come together for the good . Don't need anymore crazy stuff . Man ! 
So many new movies out . Wanna watch clash of titans and why i get married too . Choices ! Choices ! Wonder who ill take wit me ! More choices wow ! 
Turkey meatloaf !? Hope it not gross . Mom always making stuff . 
Is wondering why people take her inherent kindness for weakness ! She's thinking if people keep on thinking that about her she might just disabuse them of that thought and snatch sum weave out ! 
K ... Wats the poke link for exactly ?... I'm a bit confused as to the purpose for it ... 
Is depressed . No longer is she friends with the only guy friend she had ! Dang it ! Liked hanging out . Talking , watchin tv , dinner ! Man ! I miss him already ! Guess he wasn't a good friend after all ! He gone ! Am depressed ! Time for sleep 
Wat to do ? Guessn i'm going to watch a movie today . Yeah ! Clash of the titans ! Here i come . I even have a < PROPMALE > to watch it with ! Can't wait to pick the movie apart with them ! Oh yeah ! Going to be fun ! 
Is still awoke even though she have to work tonight ... Thinking bout things .... 
Open Discussion- Is there a difference between a friend and a boyfriend /girlfriend ? Can people from the opposite sex be friends without the complication of emotions getting involve ?.... My thoughts on the topic is anything goes ! 
Just getting off work ! So tired .... Thinking bout my friend . Wonder .... 
Went to sleep but wakes up even more tired .... Man ! Lets go back to sleep ! Forget food ... 
Just got off work . Must say them 8 hours went pretty fast . Now if that can happen all the time . 
Wonders , wat do men think of when they first meet a woman ? 
Is off till sunday night . Must say week went super fast . Now need friday and saturday to go super slow . Just wanna lil rest and recuperation . 
Thinking of taking a break from being too nice . Time to focus on more important people . God ! Me ! Myself ! And don't let me forget . I ! 
Wonders if there is such a thing as true luv ? Yes ! She knows and luv god and knows he luvs her . She talkin bout luv among a man and a woman . Physically , emotionally , and spiritually attraction that equal luv tween two persons of opposite sex . Is it there ? Is it even real ?.... Oppinions are accepted 
Well was busy ! Missed all my fb friends ! In 3days i got a wedding to attend . Congrats go to my lil sis < PROPFEMALE > and her boo , dyland ! Enjoy your happily < PROPFEMALE > after 
Well it was a busy week . Went to wedding , gave a great toast/speech and worked extra hours to make up the day i took off . 
Still tired . Glad today friday . And i am still confused as to wat it means to get poked on fb . Wats the point again ? 
Is feeling < PROPFEMALE > keys ' single-unthinkable . Am so gonna buy the whole new cd just so i can listen to that one . Disclaimer : i do not support any recent personal decision she have made , just luvn that single . 
Virgin mobile , a prepaid cellular provider , now offers its customer 3 new plans . All 3 plans includes unlimited internet access and text . Just for $25 a month u can get 300 anytime minutes , $40 for 1200 or $60 for unlimited ! Now if others can get with the program . 
Ants will be a < PROPMALE > annoyance this year . Argggh ! Wheres my flyswatter ? Gotta eliminate sum even if its one at a time . Theres billion of ' em . Good grief ! 
I thinking the sun is bright and hot today . Gonna say i am allergic and go into the house and cool off . Man ' em ants are mucho loco today ! Whoa < PROPFEMALE > ! Wat that one carrying ? Wow ! They strong ! 
Is thinking bout all the things she is allergic to . Lets see- grass , poison < PROPFEMALE > , oak , flowers , liars , cheaters , maniupulators , and oh thats right people who think they know it all ! Thats a lot of stuff . And folks wonder why i hardly ever go out ! Lmbo ! 
Is just saying . Whew ! Its hot ! Opened a window propped my fan and am slowly cooling down ! Summer is here with a vengence ! 
Is singing- is it the way u love me baby ! Is it the waaaheey u loove me baby ! - the jam fo sure ! Also- he loves me especial ly different in ever y way !! - can't go to concert am so upset . Gotta work ! Sorry < PROPFEMALE > ! Man < PROPMALE > i meant to come but work was pressing ! Gotta make that money 
There are several down sides to being voluptuous or over weight . I won't state the obvious but one is that no matter wat u wear it looks like u just went to the goodwill . Man ! It could be baby phat or < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and u still look like u got up out of the bed and threw on some old rag ! Only time u look good is if u wear formal clothes wit all the right pleats . Looks like its back to the gym i go ! Dang ! 
Is wondering ! If i put on sum of the clothes i see these gals wearing will i be discriminated against ? I don't think it fair ! I'm hot too ! I need to cool off too ! Man ! Its not fair ! 
Since am off dis memorial i will be making up my time go in early today an tmmrw and friday i gonna work 4 hrs even though i am off ! Can't afford to miss any hrs cause that means missn money ! I don't roll thata way ! 
Nitey night fb or mornin to most yall ! Sleep time got a long day or night at work ! I work graveyard ! Luving it ! 
Well cum saturday i will be starting back up exercising just need to buy sum decent footgear . Nothing too expensive . And a knee brace i twisted it sumthing fierce anybody know where i can get either of these items for a reasonable price i am on a budget ! 
Is thinking she don't mind being usher's baby ! Hmmm ..... Usher .... I'm just sayn ! There goes my baby ! Yep ! Here i am usher ! Lmbo !! 
Is single and not really enjoying it much ! Am wondering when will i be enjoying it ? Man ! I guess this is better than it was . Beggers can't be choosers ! Was in a bad relationship now i am just bored . Bored is not exactly good . Thats wat got me in trouble the first time . Its summer ! Wat to do ? 
Just published my note . True love revealed . Would like all my friend here on fb to read it and tell me wat u think . 
Man ! Seriously debting if i should go in for make up time tonight and monday morning ! I am < PROPFEMALE > tired . It seems like my job is my second home . I hate being a temp ! No job security . Wonder when they gonna hire me on ! I need them benefits asap ! 
Wanna use a phrase to address her so far crappy life , so in the words of the trump , \your're fired ! \"- hello to an totally acceptably improved life ! Hello ! Thats wat i am talkn bout ! Positive confession ! " 
Is up ! Was asleep . Man why am i up ? I got a long day today , gonna do two shifts . 1st and 3rd . Need to be alert . Wasn't posed to be up till 4:30 am why i woke at 1:40 am and can't go back to sleep ? Arrgh ! This is not good . Nope not good at all ! Gonna pop sum energy pills after all . Dang ! 
Dang ! Still up ! Guess won't get much rest today ! Plus its hot already ! 
Happy memorial day fb 
Is tired ! Just got off work . Had a ok memorial , wish i didn't have to work though . Would of been more fun . Seen a bunch of fam i haven't seen in a while . Want to say i love my fam ! Yall special to me and see yall next cookout . Thanks to our friends that came and help us eat all the food . Yall are good people . God bless everybody , fam amd friends ! 
Was up and have decided that she is not gonna miss much ! So is gonna go to sleep so she can be well rested for work tonight . In the words of her sis < PROPFEMALE > , gonna go diggn for gold ! -Peace out fb 
Is saying wtf ? Man ! I am ticked . I understand somebody needed space in the fridge on monday but they could of asked where to put my salad and brocolli heads . I got two mini fridge and a deep freezer . Why they left my food out on top of deep freezer instead of in it ? Can't eat spoiled produce . Ugh ! Money now wasted ! Next time ask before u do sum stopid stuff ! Wtf ! Made me cuss ! 
Is saying though i am still mad at whoever done that , i love u still ! Just wanted to say that . 
Well got mandatory overtime today . Wished i didn't! My leg still not up to par . Need to rest it real good , can't do that if i am on it all the time . 
Don't be offended if i decline to look at your links , events , or < PROPFEMALE > suggestions ! I just don't want to take a < PROPMALE > that it might < PROPFEMALE > a virus . Plus i don't like it when people tell me what i should or shouldn't do ! So no i won't open your link to check out watever ! 
Well ! I went to my buddys oldest baby girl bday party . I was tired from lack of sleep but i enjoyed myself . They had a clown . Cinnamon . Great lady clown . Made animal balloons , painted kids faces , and much more . Kids had fun . Made me want to wait sum more before i have any though . Bad part is i forget how old the bday is . Think 4 or 5 . Tired ! Sorry gIrl . 
Wondering wats love got to do wit it 
Is wondering why give an inch when u know they will try to take the whole yard ?!? Smh ! Greedy jokers !!! 
Wat can i say but that today is another day . Gonna make it a better one . Got milk ? Lmbo ! 
Well if u had a date raise your hand . Now if u got stood up raise your hand . If thats the case then its best to go do like that song said , \its on to the next one \"" 
Happy fathers day to all the men who are real fathers to they kids 
Am excited . Got a new friend . We gonna see how that turns out . Hopefully my friend will turn out to be a good one . That last forever . 
Love is in the midst . lts delicious . Cant wait till its in my vicinity . Come here u scrumptious feeling . I been waiting a long while for your return . 
Got to go home two hours early my job parking lot flooded . Car almost drowned thank god it didnt . THank u lord ! i cant swim . 
In begining stage of getting to know my friend . Scary . Dont know wat they will tell me or wat i will divulge . 
I dont know , maybe i should pass on the dating thing . Seems like it too much work . I already got a job i dont need another . Maybe ill be a hermit . Rotfl ! Boy ! Yeah ill tell my friend . Too much work . Lmbo ! He probably wont like it much . He will get over . < PROPFEMALE > the loner . Sounds good 
Man i need < PROPFEMALE > 
Letting go of the past is very hard . We got to do it though so we can take our present off pause and then move forward to embrace our future . Things going to be difficult till then . Be prepared to fight for the future thats just ahead . 
Am excited and scared all at the same time . A weird combination . Taking my time in a new relationship . So far so good . Dang my stomach acting up . Been awhile since i got this worked up . Lord make your plan for me visible . U know how i get . Love u . 
Ok . I have doubts so guessn i have to break up . Dang it . Must be intuition or wat many would call the spirit of discernment . Lord guide me ! 
Ok . I will wait on the lord . Lord while i am waiting < PROPMALE > me < PROPFEMALE > please . And let my eyes be open to wats really going on in my relationship . Thank u i appreciate all my friends u have placed in my life . Love all of them . 
Why am i so suspicous of people ? Maybe cause i ran across some shady characters in my life . Duh ! 
Goodnight fb . Or should i say goodday . Guess when u work 3rd shift anything goes with the sleep . 
Okaaaay ! Kinda upset bout my car . Making crazy noises . Can barely here the radio . Going to go get it checked out next tuesday . Pray to god its not expensive to fix . I need to work . Need my car to get there . Lord help ! Thanks in advance ! 
Am singing at the top of my diaphram , \there goeesss my baaayybee ! \ " man ! Usher got a good single in that one . B ) " 
Kinda chilly this morning . Brrr ... I will survive ! 
Men . One man in particular . Boy he scrumptious . Going to go on a date . Very romantic fellow . Can i trust him though . People say a lot of things now adays but is it true . I need < PROPFEMALE > fb . 
Well i am happier than i ever been . Feel like the chessire cat in < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland . Cant stop smiling ! Lol ! 
Well . Had a great time yesterday . I know wat god has planned for my life is always good . I will thank the lord for watever he has in store for me in advance . Thanks lord ! 
Is finally going to bed . Lord has eased my worries . Thank u lord for answering my prayers . Love u ! Night fb 
Gudnite fb . 
Well i was sleep but then the itching began . Seems that a mosquito is lose in the house or maybe several of them . They got my hand and my wrist my leg and my ankle on both sides . Hope them bloodsuckers are full . Man my hand looks like a softball mitt . 
Unfortunately i cant read minds . I can assume alot of things but that doesnt mean my assumptions of wat is really going on is correct . Need to communicate wat is going on . 
Well the fantasy has ended and real life has intruded once again . I am single . Just have the most horrible judgement of men ever . Totally clueless . Oh well its back to the drawing board . Lmbo ! It was fun while it lasted . Going to be bored for a long while . Good thing i am going to kings island with co-workers july 10th or id go crazy from boredom . 
Well tonight its back to the grind . Work . Work . Work . Gotta make up my hours cant be short any check . 
Cant wait till saturday . Kings island here i come . I am a ride warrior . Gettn on everything and maybe in the waterpark too . 
Just got back home . Got my car looked at something bout the hub and a abs tail something or other . They say 216 to fix it . I asked them will holdn off make my car breakdown they said nope so i said i am holdn off . No money yet . Tired of the noise . Gotta start saving . 
Is kicking off her shoes and relaxing her feet , nodding her head to an uptempo beat , just kicking , just kicking .... My version of the song by xscape . 
Is thinking bout the song by < PROPFEMALE > green , emotional rollercoaster ! I am on a emotional rollercoaster loving u aint nothing healthy , loving u aint never good for me ! Boy ! Thats wat i could be ! Glad i am now single . Bout to hop off that rollercoaster . Too much bumps and stomach in my throat to enjoy ! 
Listening to < PROPMALE > songz and < PROPFEMALE > minaj song bottoms up ! Gotta say it sounded revolutionary . They should do more collaborations . Wow ! 
Has just got done hangn wit my coworker . Cool to have a friend that works wit me ! Went home and did sum domestic chores . Got a bbq tommorow . Cant wait to eat burnt hotdogs ! 
Wat a day ! So nice and < PROPFEMALE > out ! There is also a breeze . Thank u lord for a beautiful breezy day ! 
Going on 7 months since my divorce . Why i feel as if i been single longer ? Enough pessimistic stuff ! Time to get back in shape . God help me in my time of need ! Let my body remember its smaller shape from back in the day and bless all the curves i have not to disappear totally with the weight ! Amen ! Lol 
Tell me why my ball bearings on the right side of my car is a safety issue and needs fix asap . Gonna be broke for next 2weeks for real . Devil tryn to keep me from going to bible study . Gods got a way ! Till then need prayers and gas donations for next 2weeks . Donations are accepted always . Lol 
Has done enough worrying today , time for some shuteye . Gotta work tonight . 
In my best drake voice , \ should miss me when i'm gone ! \"" 
About to sleep , hopefully i have constructive dreams . Ways to get the paper ! Am broke ! Dang car ! Ugh !! Smh ! 
Bout to head to work . 3rd shift is great ! Am a night owl . Dont see how anybody can wake up at 5am and try to work . Dont see how anybody can stop wat they doing and go to work at 2pm either ! Smh ! 
Why a guy wants wat he used to have when he see that somebody else now got it ? Weird pychology ! Take care of wat u got before u lose it ! Retard . Lmbo ! 
Is saying good night facebook . 
Time to get my own ! Yeah ! Going to be interesting . I thank god in advance ! Thank you lord ! 
I believe that a pessimistic negative attitude about life and its surrounding circumstances , can be in a way a generational curse . Pass on from one family member to the next . Yep ! Time to break the curse . 
Is saying , \dueces ! \ " Lol . Ahh ! < PROPFEMALE > Breezy ! Always coming up with a new way of saying the same thing . " 
going to start the process of getting my own ! Praise God ! Don't need a man to havwe my own place , car , or clothes ! Busy getting money while the getting is good . Thank you God for the power to get wealth . 
Going to get my place . Anybody wanna give a housewarming gift ? Thank u in advance to the lord . For everything . If anybody do give a gift i thank u too . Be in new place in next 30days or so . 
just paying some bills and writing up short poems/stories ! Check out my newest note , Olde to Life 
I had good barbecue today . Yummy 
Back to the grind tonight . Thank god for my job . Love 3rd shift . Time to sleep . Goodnight facebook ! Hehehe . Or is it evening ? Ha ! Watever ! 
Rough times , but with god all things are made possible . Love u Lord ! You are an awesome God ! 
My heart , how not to get in broken again . 
Wonders , wats people secret fantasy ? Feel free to tell me . I wont judge u . 
Wonders , wat makes a person a \good catch\ " per se ? " 
A lil down . 
Was direct by a friend to read 1corinthians13 . Talks about love being the greatest gift of the spirit . Love god , others , but i get the other thing now , love yourself . Be patient and kind to u . Dont be jealous , brag , or prideful . Dont be rude , selfish , or get upset wit others . Dont count up wrongs that been done .., love 
Is saying , \That's just it ! I am officially renovating my mind and heart . \"" 
Got a question . To spare someone u love feelings , would u lie to them ? 
Wonders , do anyone ever get born a homosexual ? Or are they influence to make that decision by outside circumstances ? Hear so many excuses but i believe thats just it . An excuse for that particular sin . Anybody have a different oppinion ? Feel free to comment . 
Topic of today- How do know your significant other is playing u ? Feel free to share . Men and Women . Whats the signs ? 
Welp , going to sleep after i read the Word for today . Am a lil confused . Need to cleanse and then rejuvenate my mind . Devil's gonna be backing off me . He gonna be hittin the ropes soon . Cause if God be for me who in they right mind could be against me ? I am more than a conqueror thru Christ who strengthens me . 
Lovely , < PROPFEMALE > , afternoon . It brings to mind my friends wonderful smile . God bless your day and night . 
So guess as the song says , women lie , men lie . Its true . Sad though . Time to get sum chocolate and a good book . Read some more lies . Man ! Smh 
Ok . So i am kind of tired getting passed by , by the love bug . Guess its just not going happen . So i will wish all my friends who are in a relationship , whether married or otherwise , a wonderful life . And please invite me to your weddings so i can eat your cake . I like vanilla and lemon ! Yummy ! Lbs ! 
Is in , en garde ! Devil best step back . God's got my back . I will not be weary in doing good , cause i know Gods in control and wont put on me more than i can bear . So devil get to stepping . 
Bout to move on to sumthing better , better , better ! No more trying to make it work ...... Dueces ! 
Welp ! I had a great day today . Great food and company . Even won uno 3-1 . Haha . I am good at uno . Next time we doing dominos ! Whoop them in that too ! Hehe . Did i tell ya i was very competitive . Aries ! Baby ! Lol ! No complaints today . Enjoyed myself ! 
I ask for guidance from my heavenly father . I let jealousy and bitterness sabotage my relationships past and present . Father forgive me . I ask all those in my past and present to forgive me as well . I am sorry . 
Well i ruined it . Smh ! 
No sense to cry now . I will watch the colts and see who god wants to win . I will cry later . Man ! 
Well i am glad that colts are handling their business tonight . 24-0 so far so good . Got a headache though . 
Wow ! Colts won ! Now time to mope and go to bed . My dad is probably happy , he got to see it all in person . 
Not sleepy . 
Got alot on my mind , am not sleepy , anybody still up ? Need to talk ? I am here . 
Still up . Insomnia i guess and a racing mind . Already counted sheep , tried to do it backwards got to 49 then called sleep a hopeless cause . My headache is still around too . 
Well . Just woke up . Didnt go to sleep till 5am . Still tired . Look for my newest note to come out this week , people . 
Got my mind on my money and my money on my mind . 
Maybe i will sleep in today . Got a headache , same one from last night . Wheres a good bon 
So if i can find an old book to read again that would be awesome . Keep my mind occupied . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > - A Long Walk and Whatever . My favorite all time song of hers is He Loves Me . 
Welp bout to go to sleep . A friends job is never done . Love all my friends . Am more than willing to talk on the phone and discuss watever issue u might have . Am super duper tired though . Got to go to library today . 
Looking forward to a game of uno tmmrw . Will i win ? Yes , of course ! Hehehe ! They have no < PROPMALE > . Maybe they might get me in dominoes , kinda doubt it ! Hahaha ! Said i was competitive ! Lmbo ! 
Feel horrible ! Stomach ache ! Going to sleep . 
So i am not sleepy again . I miss my job . My life is a hot mess . So anybody want to talk and make me feel a tab bit better ? Kinda up set that my plans keep changing and theres nothing i can do . 83 days is a long time . 
Guess i am up for today . Got go to library . Maybe meet my friend for uno and dominoes . Try to relax and enjoy their company . 
Dang they cancel on me , i guess its cause of the gloomy rainy day . Man ! So looking forward to kicking some butt in uno/dominioes . Well off to the library . 
Lets all celebrate ! Lol ! Was happy before me and now cant stop thinking bout him . Smile is beautiful . 
U the man babe , u the man ! I believe in God , me , and you ! We work together we will overcome all obstacles ! 
So i finally got some books . Going to read some romance action horror books . U know i cant just get a regular romance book , unless got some great storyline . 
Reading love books of the paranormal persausion . Yes a lil vamp an a mortal . Love twilight series the movies want to see wat all got changed to make it a movie . 
So today is a great day , God woke me up . As well as the phone . Maybe it wont rain today . 
welll I went to the library , now its back home . Hit fb via mobile . 
Got to get myself together no time for fun and games . I am 31 time to do me . Might grow to be a spinster thats the scary part . 
Listening to mp3 , got keysha coles-i should of cheated ! Smh ! Girl can sing . Now < PROPMALE > Songz- lol wit smiley face . These songs these days ! Lol :) 
Trying not to be sad . I got to let it go and let God fix wat needs to be fix . Its just i want to help it out some . Sorry Lord . U know me . Always worrying and very impatient . Fix me Lord . 
So i want to talk . Anybody want to humor me ? 
So i am going to take up my < PROPMALE > again ! Maybe next year i will get me a booth at one of them community function and sale some of my work . 
Am not sleepy . Thinking . Dang ! Why i do that ? Man ! Lord knows . 
Still not sleep my friend didnt call before bed time . Guess they fell asleep already . Now if only i can fall asleep too ! To much on my mind and i am sad bout an action i had to take . 
Smh ! Sad to the point of crying .. It hurts when u have to let go of someone u love . I am going to pray for them and believe that if its meant to be we will come back together . Lord help ease the pain . 
Guess that means no more uno ?! Dang it ! 
I am single and not looking ! 
Went to a party ! Had fun ! Learned sum stuff . Lol ! Ever heard of- Pure Romance ? Wish i had sum money ! Hahahaha ! Lmbo ! 
Good morning fb . Got a wedding to go to . 
Welp . Not feeling good at all . Missed everything today . Sorry ! I am a grumpy sick person . Wouldnt made great company . 
Going to bed early wish me luck . Usually i am a night owl . 
over sis house on computer bout to be mobile 
So maybe i can convince my friend to at least play uno/dominoes wit me later this week . Who knew they were such sore losers . First got to get rid of watever is causing my stomach problems . Ugh ! Its getting on my nerves ! 
I remember R . < PROPFIRST>'s- Keep it on the Down Low . So is he talking bout a secret relationship , i wonder wit who ? The 16 year old ? Hmmm ? Lol . He was giving us hints . 
Called my friend , why the vm ? Must be busy . Me i am nosy . Wondering wat they doing this time at night . Hmmm ? Lmbo ! 
What happen to my goodnight phone call ?? Dag nab it ! Pose to get a nightly call and visitation 3 days out of the week ! Am a creature of habit fb ! Lmbo ! Sum do coffee , i do uno and nightly calls ! Im feenin ! Rotflmbo ! Miss my bff ! 
Relationship . Money . Car . Family . Clothes . Does < PROPFIRST > Mcdonald like good bald ? Lmbo ! 
So i am still up . Go figure ! 
Is wondering , \How many licks does it take to get to the center of a toostie pop ? \ " Lmbo ! They never did figure it out ! Dang owl ! Ijs ! Lmbo ! " 
Welp got haters . Why do haters hate ? Want to hear everyones oppinion on this ! 
Is listening to my favorite artist of all time . All her old songs . The one and only < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Makes me think of my special friend , my uno partner , my confidante , my ace boon coon ! Stay real ! U know who u are ! Mwauh ! Lol ! 
Is thinking that it would be nice if my friend could call , one more time so that i know they getting better ! Miss em already ! 
Is like shivering her bed . Thinking its way to cold to come out the covers unless its to pile on more covers . Dang its cold ! 
Is thinking it must be really cold cause my daddy turned on the heater . He always trying to save money and wait till its 30degrees or something . Yep its cold . 
Is a creature of habit . I can now go to sleep since my special friend called and wished me a goodnight . Hope they get better soon . A tab bit worried . Gn fb ! 
Shout out to my real special friend , my confidante , my ace boon coon , and my best friend forever . I am your number 1 fan ! Love u C . C . ! Mwauh ! 
Want to puke . Mcdonalds suck before bed . Man ! 
Is cold again , dont think i would last the whole winter without 3comforters . Sometimes think that a divorce was a wrong decision . Especially now ! Brrr .... 
Is freezing ! Dislike the winter . Too cold ! And this is supposed to be fall . Yeah right ! This is a joke . Why am i cold ? Man ! 
So to make a long story short , \ I love you ! Mwauh ! \ " ( L ) " 
I like it on the floor , counter , couch , stairs , bed , chair , dishwasher , and on the kitchen table . 
Am being so domestic right now ! Lets just hope that it will be worth the wrinkled fingers and the smell of ajax and pinesol thats premeating the air . People better come tmmrw ! Id be mad ! Cant stand wrinkley fingers ! 
Finish cleaning house . My mom bday today ! Hope she enjoy herself . Love u mom ! Your first born . < PROPFEMALE > aka < PROPFEMALE > chelle Trotter ! :) 
well back to the weekly grind . Had fun with my friend yesterday . They met my folks and kicked it pretty well . Maybe I can bring my friend around more often . Depends ! Peace out C.C. 
Miss my friend . What u fell asleep already ? Wake up ! U forgot my goodnight call . Its tradition . Man ! Now i am going to have troubled sleep ! U wrong for that C . C . U wrong ! Jk ! Lmbo ! Still ! 
How people feel bout the long distance relationships ? Can u < PROPFEMALE > with that ? 
Is it taboo ? A woman proposing marriage to her man ? And how long do a person wait before they should propose marriage(male/female) ? Any one got some oppinions on either of my questions ? Want to hear it . 
Is mad , she has the most terrible feeling that something/ someone is conspiring against her . Wondering if its true or paranoia ? Lord pls shed light on the situation ? Amen ! 
So ..... I didnt get much sleep .... Was worried .... Still worried ..... Sometimes i wonder if other people worry like i do bout things or people ? Dont like worrying . It makes me mad . 
Not enough sleep . Bout to do a < PROPMALE > change if things dont start shaping up . Not everybody going to like it . Including me . Even though it might be the best thing for my future . I need sleep . I need a peace of mind . Going to get it . 
Looks like ... A snake in the garden/grass . 
Need communication to make any relationship to work . Even tween friends and family members . 
Hows this for communication ? DUECES !! LMBO ! 
is wondering What was the point of the whole thing ? 
Welp . I love me some him ! < PROPFEMALE > Braxton 
So Anxious- Ginuwine . Love that song . Baby meet me at 11:30 . Jk ! Lmbo ! Sexy song ! 
Its raining pretty bad . Maybe i will go take a nap . Might be the best nap ever ! Rain usually does . 
Congrats to my lil sis katrena trotter . She is engaged to Mr. < PROPMALE > . She < PROPFEMALE > happy . I am happy she got the man she loves and that he loves her in return . So difficult to find a good person to love and who love u in return . Now i know its feasible . Yippee ! 
Just a bit worried bout something ! Kind of confused as well . Wondering , What the heck is really going on around here ? 
so mafia wars is confusing as heck I need help . 
Am ok now . Whew ! Hate worrying , so i fixed it where i dont have to worry no more on one particular issue . Admit i am sad but happy that i wont have to worry bout it anymore . If God want the situation to happen He would take away the worry . Since i worry it not of God . 
Ok . I admit for the 1st time ever thinking real real negative . I mean super negative . I need prayers on the real deal . Otherwise it might get worse . Devil is not pulling his punches . Lord help me please ! 
Am sorry 
GOD is good !!! Time to seek Him out again and tell Him how much I love Him . When I changed God stayed the same , GOOD ! Need to go fellowship with other believers . Anybody know of a True church on the eastside of indpls . Near shadeland ? 
Now to add a friend . Question- will they accept me ? 
Next to u Lord I am nothing . 
The Lord wouldnt put on u more than u can stand/bear . Trust in Him and < PROPFEMALE > not to your own understanding , but in all your ways acknowledge Him and He shall direct your path . Ok Lord , now what ? 
And so I am going to use a one week pass to cardinal fitness . Knowing i am going to join afterwards . Gotta lose some weight . Wanna look good for next summer . Never know who or wats going to be jumping off around then . Got to be prepared ! Lmbo ! 
And so I pray that all the men and women and children associated with me be bless continuely . 
Is saying , \ I am going to take a break ! \ " and \ " I hope that u miss me a lil when I am gone ! \ " and \ " I was wondering maybe could I make u my baby ! \ " and \ " Dueces ! \ " Got a lot on my mind . Too many songs for one . " 
Is up early . Kind of different when a friend text u at 5am talkn bout are u up ? Um now I am . So been up ever since . I tell ya being a friend never ends . I look out for them . Wat u want to talk bout , hmm ? Yawn ! 
Is wondering , how Jesus do it ? Guess being half man and all God theres got to be some perks to that stat . Multitasking ! Go Jesus , go ! 
Want to sing usher song , There goes my baby !, but I am not sure if it is ! Lol ! We live in a world of maybes and might bes . Not a place for a definitely . Smh ! 
Is cooking baked pork chops . Sweet potato , and shells and cheese . Yummy . 
Is missing my bestfriend C.C. Who knew school could take up all a persons time . No time for friends anymore . Maybe i can get them to losen up sometimes . Otherwise they get ancient real quick . 
Kind of upset . Got this procrasination thing down to an < PROPMALE > . Its not good . Going to work on doing thing in a timely fashion . Lord help . 
I just dont know . Please dont expect me to have all the answers to your questions . Let me re-direct u . Ok , this is God , God this is my friend . They have some questions that i thought U could better answer . 
Time is of essence , am not getting any younger . 
Hey ! 
Is wondering if there is a point to a lot of things people do or say ? Cause to me I see alot of jaws flapping , but not anything that pertains to me directly . Alot of people doing stuff but none of it benefits me . So what was the point again ? *lifting an eyebrow * 
Want u to know , that you are the best . The best I've ever had . You are my everything . Mwauh ! Love u like a dog loves his bone , like a magician loves his rabbits , like a woman loves her wedding ring . Without u there would hardly be any luster in my life . Mwauh . 
Shout out to my best friend C . C . ! 
Goodnight i guess . Though i got to admit sleep eludes me everytime . 
Guess i am fighting a battle wit sleep . Dang i didnt want to win . Anybody got some sleeping pills ? 
Want to < PROPFEMALE > wit my best < PROPMALE > , C . C ! Lets go paint the town red . Get brunch ! Get out of the house ! 
Welp ! Guess i will head to bed earlier than usual . Am bored . Miss my < PROPMALE > . 
So i guess am alright . Could be better though . Could be great ! Where u at ? 
Is so spoiling her dinner by eating a bag of sour worms . Dang they good ! 
Is saying wats upper fb ? And wonders why the silent treatment from my < PROPMALE > ? 
Welp a friend of mine has a bday coming next week . Going to have to give ' em sumthang ! Then again my parents aniversary the same day . Maybe i have to push back the bday another week hope they dont mind getting a present a week later . 
Wonders if there is a problem ? If there is one , wonders why they havent come to me about it ? I mean thats what friends are for , right ? Two people working on a solution is better than one most of the time . 
Sleep eludes me yet again ! Man ! 
Whew ! Doing research . Need a computer though . Guess better head to the library and wait a long time to get on the computer . The kids are out of school . 
don't understand the vampire or the mafia wars . Smh . I just don't get it . 
well I guess bout to go back to the house . library was busy as usual today . catch yall on my phone\ 
peace out 
Dang ! Things are all messed up round here ! Looks like I have to take some steps necessary for getting back on track . Need stability . 
Looks like am playing taxi tmmrw ! A trip to the greyhound . I think thats on illinois street . 
Thinking bout getting rid of my kinky half dyed hair and going permed . Will think of this some more and make a decision in december . I do know i will be lookn different come new year 
Is so not having a good day already ! Man ! I woke up and was good . Then things started going down hill . Had argument with my dad . I cant deal wit drama early morning . 
Guess am bout to get ready to be a taxi driver and maybe later mite go shoot some pool . Been neglectful . 
Is saying that I love everybody ! Though I do got some favorites . 
Goodnight . Got to get up extra early to get a oil change . 
Over slept , guess do oilchange tmmrw . 
Got me some more sour worms . Now bout to read my book and kill ' em ! Them worms are so dead ! Hehehe ! 
Welp its been a lovely day . The sun was out . I went to the park and had a great time . Scenery was gorgeous . Must say God outdid Himself when He created the world . Its lovely everytime . Thank u God for eyes that can see , and all my other senses . 
Not feeling well . 
Am not feeling well . Looks like i wont be driving round much later today . Other than library and oil change , I am staying home . Man ! 
Man am at the place to get my 5 oil change . They had emergency . Lady having chest pain , had to be driven to the hospital by one of her co-workers . I am going to pray that she be alright . 
Right . My stomach hurts something fierce . Think i will lie down and take sum aspirin or something . Wow ! 
Wish I could of spent more time with u today , but my stomach hurts . Feels like an alien is eating me up from the inside out , like a movie I saw a long time ago . Forget wat it was calld . Hurts ! 
So laying down has help my stomach . Bout to play a game on my ps2 . 
Let the beat hit em , let the music take control . Let the beat go round and round and up and down . - old skool for me . Dont know the title of the song nor the artist . Just know i remember that part . 
To say that I love you wouldnt mean much , but to show it .... Means everything . 
Had finally watch the movie- For Colored Girls . Still a lil shaken , or shell shocked . I admit to crying . Was a good movie . Wats done in the dark will be revealed by the light . If u havent watched it I suggest u do . 
Is wondering where to begin ? And wat to do once I figure the first question out ? Tough decisions . SN : movie- For Colored Girls . Make u think on a deeper level . Makes u realise that u are not alone with your problems . That there might be a person that went through or had a worse situation/circumstance than yours . 
Today is Friday . That was quick . We almost at next week . Time be flying . SN- ever wonder why they never made a Wonder Woman or Superwoman movie ? I mean since they making all these < PROPFEMALE > comics/dc comics movies , why not wonder woman/superwoman ? 
Is up and failed to go to sleep . Was reading a good book . Lots of fighting and a touch of romance . Do like action packed books . Right now reading < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Sanderson book 13 of Wheel of Time series . Too bad < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > passed away . Good long series . 
Am still here ! Thank God ! Opprotunity to start doing things the Godly way . Thank God for second , third , fourth , fifth and up to whatever amount of chances He have given us . Especially for the hardheaded/stubborn people like myself ! 
Went out to eat at the GC for my parents anniversary . Had alright time until ... Man ! This old white guy dropped a brownie and then proceeded to pick it up off the floor and put it back on the tray wit the other brownies . I am sooo never going to eat there again . I should of known buffets are not to be trusted . Gross . 
If u have a question , inbox me and I will answer it . 
Ok . Duct tape and crazy glue . Wait . I dont have any crazy glue . So duct tape have to do . - fixing a side mirror 
Stupid rain . No duct taping today after all . Bored and cold today . Miss my bff , been busy i guess . Oh well lets see wat i can get into today . Grocery shopping and ps2 . Finally got the god of war walkthrough . Kept getting stuck . 
Brrr . Cold . 
just want to know why it got to rain ? Its cold out . Am at the library . 
guess have to make it on my own . FB take nothing for granted . Time is a wasting on people that not bout the right . I cant wait till Jesus comes . Come Lord please . Tired of the stuff I been going through , need you now . 
Am bored again . To keep myself out of trouble I am going to sleep . GOT AN INTERVIEW tommorow at a gas station . Wish me luck fb ! 
Still up . Guess I am a bit excited and nervous . Interview jitters . 
Gotta interview in less than 2 hours . Wish me luck fb . 
Welp the job wasn't for me . The Lord will provide . 
Am bored . Guess i go bake sum chicken 
I feel a bit stuffy nosed , headache , and my throat is scratchy . Arrgh ! Winter is here . Man ! 
I need a computer with internet access . Library only give 45min to 1hr . The things I need to do sometimes be longer . Man ! 
Guess I just sit back and see whats really going on with you . Maybe I will finally understand and we can go from there . - my thoughts bout facebook ! :D 
Is going to be like sum people she know and get ghost . See if they like it . Lmbo . Wat comes around goes around . Ijs ! 
Would u get all righteous and sanctimonious if I cuss up a storm ? Just want to explode . Want to cuss out a lot of folks . Guess its best for me to get ghost . Dont want to offend anybody . Man ! 
Had the Godbabies over . Kinda upset I am Godmoma number 2 . Smh ! I WATCHED them as babies . No fair . I dont know bout having more than 1kid for myself . My < PROPFEMALE > is not very great after 2 kids in the house . I would definitely make sure everything is either cloth or plastic . Though I think they would find a way to break that too ! Lmbo ! 
Have a headache . 
Where you at ? 
It takes a fool to learn that love don't hurt nobody . So true . 
Life is so bitter tasting right now . Going to drink me a Sweet tea to livin it up . It not the regular either . 
To have you only to lose you to circumstances ! * sheddingalotoftears * 
Ok . Bout to pass out . Gn fb 
Got a hangover . Smh ! 
Disappointed . Crushed . And disilluded . Man ! Am sad . Want my friend back . 
I want my bestie back . * sulking * 
time is of te essence . 
Mistakes everywhere . Wheres the defense ? Arrgh !!! Man ! Colts . Smh ! 
Man ! * coltslost * 
Of course u are invited to Thanksgiving dinner . We going to have a lot of food . YUmmy ! 
Feels very cold . Wheres a heating blanket when u need one . Wonders if some body invented electric socks already . My feet cold . 
Though I am not no where near sleepy . I guess I will bid you all goodnight . If u see me back on here later I dont mind if u want to chat . I be insomniac cause I used to work 3rd shift . 
Yeah , I am up and bout to get out of the bed too . Just had to do some stretching . Got a interview today pray for me . 
Body is tired . Feel like I was lifting weight and doing crunches in my sleep . 
And I'm off to my interview . Wish me luck and pray hard . 
I am back from my interview . Was nervous but overall I think I did ok . Keep up the prayers . They will let me know by end of week . 
Its extremely < PROPFEMALE > but not that chilly out . In fact it feels great ! Wonders if all this wind means rain on the way . 
Want to go out today . Shoot sum pool and listen to horrible kareoke . Lmbo . Maybe I can get someone to < PROPFEMALE > out for couple hours . I am thinking 8pm or so . 
Thanksgiving 3 days to go . Hungry already . Maybe my bestie will come . 
I guess no body want to go shoot pool and crack up to bad kareoke . Fine . Guess I browse internet and make sum more notes/poetry . Maybe read my book . Smh ! 
Dang its raining like crazy outside . I remember somebody once said this was baby making weather as well as good sleeping weather . I would know bout the first claim since i dont have any kids , now the second claim is dead on the money . SN- allergies kicking up . Man ! 
Took sum benadryl to ease my allergies/hayfever . Nothing to do today , guess i will head to the library . 
Am a bit tired . And a bit bored . Today would of been a great day to play uno with my bff . U also are invited to thanksgiving C . C . 
Forget the library that benadryl making me sleepy . Going to sleep . If any want to talk . Just text/ call me up . U know my digits . 
Dang looks as if I got to go to westside to help my lil sis . All that driving man ! 
Finally home . Traffic was a beast . 
Family dollars sour neon gummi worms are truly sour unlike cvs or the brand name ones in black package . Whew ! Got me puckering up for real . 
Dang . I am in my covers trying to stay warm . It did work for a while , but i shifted and my foot got out . Now am cold again . 
Is mad ! 
So it going down like that huh ? Shoulda known . What made me think it would be different ? Thats why I am mad . Arrgh !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > ... Who off tonight ? 
Cooking again ! Who knew I was so domesticated . Guess my parents love my baked chicken ! No one off tonight ? Welp if u are give me a ring . We can catch up on ole times . Thanksgiving in 2 more days ! Yeah ! Going to eat sun good food . Yall dont know how the Trotters get down do ya ? *smackingmylipsinanticipation * 
R . < PROPFIRST > - I'm a flirt . Lmbo ! 
Good morning fb ! Had an ok sleep last night . Must of been snoring . THroat all dry and sore . Anyways . WHy dont everybody give me a rundown of all the food they gonna have tmmrw ? 1 more day till thanksgiving , yippee ! 
Gobble , gobble Happy Thanksgiving to everyone . I HOPE u all eat real good , enjoy your family , and get stuffed ! Lmbo . Love everybody ! * SMOOCHEZ * 
Man ! Every year they have the black friday sale . Every year I always have a financial conumdrum . I see Radioshack has a laptop for 149.99 and Menards have a 22inch tv for 99 dollars . Smh ! A digital camcorder for 19.99 at menards . Dang it . Why ? I need a < PROPFEMALE > . 
Yeah so bout this time last year i was filing for a divorce . In fact today the date . Lets see how far i moved from that point . Hmm . It seems the answer is not very far at all . Welp , looks like I have my work cut out for me for next year . 
So would it be too much to ask , \will there be a Thanksgiving afterset tmmrw ? A place where a single person can < PROPFEMALE > with other singles and shoot pool ? \ " I am just asking cause I know my day tmmrw will be done by 8pm and I will be bored after that . Ijs ! " 
Welp got a date with a handsome gentleman on saturday . A girl got to have fun sometime in her life . Hope it goes gud . 
Welp , its official ! Today is Thanksgiving day ! I give thanks for all my family and all my friends ! I give thanks to the Lord Jesus for giving me another < PROPMALE > to get right by God . Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! Wat u thankful for ? 
Welp its dang near 6am . Cant say i went to sleep though . So again want to say I love everybody and want to wish u all a Happy Thanksgiving . And I wish the best for u always . Mwauh ! 
Still up and about . Smh . Too much to handle so early in the morning . Got to get cooking by noon . Got a headache already . Am enstranged with my bestfriend plus he getting married to boot . Lots of things going down . Man ! 
Tired . 
Guess sleep has evade me . Time to get up and help with the thanksgiving dinner . Having home made everything . From stuffing to sweet potato pie . 
O give Thanks unto the Lord for He is Good yes He is Good . - that was one of my favorite songs when I was singing in the church choir . Still is my personal favorite . Thank u Lord for u are Good yes u Are Good ! 
Maybe me and a friend will go to a movie tonight . < PROPMALE > potter ? Or For Colored Girls ? I rather see < PROPMALE > Potter since I already seen the other choice . 
Stuffed 
I am upset . Though I cant do anything bout it . My friend leaving to go back home to stay . Wish I could go too . 
Sad ! Watchd \For Colored Girls\ " with my ex co worker . Movie made me think deep . Already seen it with my mom and 2 sis . Same results . Came prepared with the tissue . I think < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and whoever else made it should get some awards . " 
Look like I am still having my date on saturday/today . Going to shoot pool and listen to sum bad kareoke . Maybe it will cheer me up a bit . Since my best < PROPMALE > is going back home to stay . SMh ! Very sad over it . Need a lil fun to take my mind off it . 
So i am up . Why ?? 
Listening to < PROPMALE > - Fist Full of Tears and Mint Condition- What Kind of Man . Date went very well . Extremely well . THERE might be sumthing . Only time will tell . 
Welp fb . Had awesome time . Gotta wake up early . So nighty nite ! * SMOOCHEZ * 
Time for a re evaluation . Going be me . Put the fake ish aside . And nah it not bout a man boo ! A man is not a necessary part of my life . Duh I just like to dramatize and write poetry bout love . Can a girl write stuff n not be considered low esteem/desparate . Heck just calling me those things is not helping . How bout we change up wat we say bout others ? 
Other than my previous post wats happening fb ? 
Making me a note . 
Crazy friends ! Smh ! 
Night fb 
So . Am up . SMH ! Lol ! 
Am mad at Contrail . 
got a headache , trying to figure where I last had my debit card . 
Welp its been gud fb . Goodnight got a headache off the chain . 
Busy days up ahead . Friend of mine moms sick , askd me to take him to the hospital today . Prayer is def needed . She got blood clot in her lung . Wednesday got to go downtown . Thrusday got an interview . So very busy week . Pray for healing and me to get a job . With comcast . 
Ok fb . I need to practice on my interview . I need every body to come up with questions that a potential employer might ask me . For sum reason i always freeze and forget that they going to ask me questions . And when i get in it they ask me a question i might not of thought of . Got to get my mind in gear . Plus it helps to see what questions might get askd . 
One more day to prepare . Then its showtime ! (got interview ) 
Snow ! Man ! 
Todays the day . Pray and wish me luck on my interview . 
Goodnight/morning fb . Had excellent time last night . 
Interview today folks . At 1.30 pm . Am already in the parking lot . Pray and wish me luck . 
Morning fb . Hows everybody hanging ? 
Playing my ps2 wit a friend . Power Rangers Super Legends videogame . Fun times . 
Well had great day today . Playd my ps2 and caught sum much needed zzz's . Who knew I was this tired ? 
Looks like all plans i had to < PROPFEMALE > out today has been canceled due to the horrible weather . I am staying in . No driving . 
got a cold Fb . Smh ! throat all jacked . weather is not helping . 
I been hanging tough wit my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Playing ps2 and trying to get over my cold . Waiting on a phone call . Wats up wit yall ? 
So this cold was kicking my butt . I finally got it down to just the stoppd and runny nose phase . Missd my bff contrail . Thats ok he got work to do . Plus been chilling with my homie < PROPFIRST > . Ps2 and fantasy movie heaven . Made the fact that i was sick seem irrevelant . Thanks < PROPFIRST > boo ! 
Argghh ! Why ? Stupid cold ! 
Goodnight fb . Sleep tight . 
A better day is today . My cold is almost gone away . Am thanking God for it even now . Back to the grind of finding work . 
Taking benadryl for the sneezing and runny nose . 
So my cold is gone now its just allergies , benadryl should knock out my other symptoms . ALready feeling a-ok . Yep . 
Wats gud fb ? Looks like snow is in the horizon this weekend . 
Playing ps2 with my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Power Rangers Super Legends is getting harder and harder . NARNIA- < PROPMALE > Caspian game is fun too . Its hard . 
Goodnight fb ! 
Man ! All this snow ! Its ridiculous ! Smh ! Who want to help me build an igloo ? Lmbo ! Shout out to my bff Contrail and my new < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! Luv u guys ! 
Now time for sum rest and recuperation . Looking at all that snow makes me tired and want to hibernate . Smh . 
Back sick again fb . Dang snow made my cold rebound . No going out today unless someone else driving . 
Be prepared for my next Note/Poem fb . Yeah . Yeah . I know probably nobody reads them . Oh well . Delete me if u dont want to see it . Lmbo . Or u can take time to read sum . I am no ones poetic justice but sum of my stuff is interesting . 
So yeah , I am starving over here . Somebody come pick me up and take me to lunch please . I cant drive very well in these snowy/slushy covered conditions . And i am not feeling bologna right bout now ! Arrgh ! Pure torture . 
I ate bologna . Its not sitting well . Man ! Never doing that again . Yuck . Pure torture . 
Question- If u could be any super hero , x-men , or any person wit super natural powers , who would u be or wat powers would u want ? 
Hello everyone ! 
Am excited ! I believe sumthing good is coming my way soon ! Thanking God in advance for watever it is ! Yeah ! Go jesus ! 
I think its almost time for a makeover . Maybe near my bday . Yeah ! 
Still feel as though something gud is going to happen sometime in the near future . Dont know wat but i am most definately looking forward to it . Thank u Lord . 
Singing Black Eye Peas song- I Got A Feeling ! 
Yeah ! I havent been to sleep yet and its 9.26 am . GOODNIGHT fb . 
Man ! Now i gots a headache . 2 hours of sleep dont cut it fb . Dont know why my brain didnt go to sleep like everybody last night . Now i am suffering the consequences . Arrgh . In spite my headache . I still got a feeling that things will be getting better . Dont know the details . And am still thanking God . 
Question- If u could go back in time and were given the < PROPMALE > to change one thing bout your past , what would it be ? 
Guess i will try to sleep again . 
Hello ! Its snowing yet again in Indy . Every year since i had my liscence in the winter i have done a 360 in the middle of the road . So i am gud , i am staying in . Man ! 
Why ? Am freezing ? Shout out to my bff contrail , hoping u having fun wit your updated laptop and doing gud on your math . I just register for online classes today . Taking up digital graphic design . And to my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFIRST > i going to come play ps2 with u . We got to play the Narnia game . I also going to put note/poem on fb . Eventually . 
Welp fb . Seems as though things was lookn up . I had a setback . I will work it out . Eventually . Right now i am sad . Wish i could changed sum things . Smh . Contrail i miss u . I need to talk . U the only one that listens . And u give gud advice majority of the time . Thats why u my bff . Inbox me . 
Dang fb ! Heres a lil backdrop for u . I was diagnosed by a doctor as a kid with a disease that usually affects people twice or three times my age . And right now arthiritis is kicking my butt . Dang this cold weather . I ache all over . Please lord let this winter be quick so spring and summer be here . 
Go blue ! 
Congrats to Colts . 
Mwauh ! Though things never seem to go the way we want it , i still care enough for the both of us . A friend is hard to find but a good friend is a rarer < PROPFIRST > . Mwauh ! Love everyone . 
Snow ! Smh ! 
Just chilling wit my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > boo . Having alright time . 
Looking at WWE tribrute to the troops . P . Diddy sang Every Breath . Whats upper FB ? 
V for Vendetta ! Good action movie . 
Nitey nite Fb . 
Last minute gifts . Please forgive me . I got the cheap ones . I am unemployed people . U get wat i can afford . Mwauh . Love you . 
Am cold tonight . 
Wow ! Xmas time is here ! 1 more day ! Man ! I will never understand a person mind . At least not as soon as I would like . Heck , i am still trying to get to know me and Ive been me for 31 years . Lord help me to learn quickly and to not offend in the process amen ! SMH ! 
Got to get up early tmmrw fb . Last < PROPFEMALE > shopping , last < PROPFEMALE > signup for school , a trip to the gas station , and cleanup the house . Fun times . Cept for the cleanup part . Lol . 
Alright alright goodnight , goodnight ! 
Dang my throat hurt ! This weather is not conducive towards a persons health ! 
Getting worse ! Arrggh ! 
Feeling miserable . Plus i am going to be behind on my classes . Smh . Lord i need a miracle . 
My throat hurt , and my neck feels like it bout to break . I took sum meds but it not working . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Laadeedahdum ! Lmbo ! 
Got a fever ! 100.4 ! Bad news bears . Feel horrendous ! 
Am going back to school . Yeah ! Tommorow is orientation . Guess while i got all this free time i might as well better myself . Dont got any children or a boyfriend/husband to worry about . So thats a plus . More study time . 
My financial aid did not go through so I will not be going to school after all . Dang and here I was getting all hyped . 
Thanks everybody for the comments on my hair . My best friend , that i call her my cusin , < PROPFEMALE > Guzman did it . She charges 25 . She also know how to do other things too ! U can look her up on my friends list and add her to your friends list . Tell her u interestd in getting your hair done . She will go from there . 
Glad that was only a dream . I am stuborn and i would of gotten killd over robbers trying to steal my debit cards . Lmbo ! Bout to cuss them out in my dream . Gud thing i woke up . Man ! 
Cant wait for things to get better . Times a wasting . Lol . 
Well i must admit i am glad this year is almost over . Next year i am starting with a fairly clean slate . Going to make a impact in my own life instead of wasting energy with others . Yeah it is selfish but i believe its time for me now . 
Double standards ! Smh ! 
Welp today is the last day for this year . Midnight starts the begining of a new chapter in sum peoples book . Will the chapter be a support to the overall story of their lives or the action episode . Want mine to be the action part . Time for a take off ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Perrys -Teenage Dream . I kinda like the song . Yep ! 
Happy New Years , a lil early but dont worry i will write it again at the correct time . 
Lord help things are getting way out of whack ! Man ! 
Want to give shout to my bff , c.c. What up man ? 
time is a wasting fb . time is a wasting ! things got to start looking better asap ! My < PROPFEMALE > is starting to run out when it come to me finding a place of employment . Arrgh ! I dislike not having to work ! This is like the longest not vacation ever ! 
Want my bff to come back with something from NYC just for me ! While he there hope he has fun with his fam . 
Arrgh !! As < PROPFIRST > brown would say . ARRGH ! GOOD GRIEF !! 
Kust got done playing mafia wars and Vampire wars . I will never truly understand it . I is so weird . 
Got to give my left thumb a break . It all jammed up and sore from playing God of War1 on my ps2 . Spent 5 hours last night trying to beat the Hydra < PROPMALE > . And I still havent killd him . Thats the first boss . Dang this game ridiculuosly hard ! 
I am proud to say my weave lasted 1 whole week . I am also ashamed that in the morning i will remove that same weave . Its driving me crazy . I am itchy scalp . I believe my eczema has flared up . Arrgh ! 
Going to stay home and chillax . Listen to some music , watch a dvd , and eat popcorn . 
My weave mite last till next tuesday . If so , that will be 2 whole weeks . Hopefully i can endure till then . Thatll be the longest time i ever kept a professional hairstyle . Can i do it fb ? Can i endure ? Only God knows ! 
The world looks very different now ! Terror everywhere . No one is safe . Jesus is coming sooner than we think . The signs are most def there for whole world to see . Mass chaos ! Whew ! 
On a less serious note . Wats happening fb ? 
If u had a billion dollars .........?? What would u do wit it FB ?? 
Go Colts ! 
Hello fb ! 
Welp am bored . Guess i be chillaxing at home again . 
Listening to Love Calls by Kem . Am a bit sad . Nothing new on that front . Guess its time to move on . Lmbo @ myself ! 
Got a new note/poem coming soon FB ! 
Ok . I made peace with the fact that I may be single and childless for the rest of my natural life . So best get out my pen and paints and bible . I got some catching up to do . WRiting my poems , painting pictures , and reading bout the Goodness of my God . Love u Lord . Fill in the Gap Jesus . Amen ! 
:) 
Ok . I lost my bible . Man ! Gotta buy a new one . 
Would u consider me lazy if I said I was seriously thinking about going to sleep right now ? 
Goodnight FB ! 
Listening to , Keyshia < PROPMALE > - Sent from Heaven , beautiful song ! 
Admits that I am Heartbroken . So < PROPFEMALE > me . I am also bored to death . 
Bored . Bored . Miss my friend C.C. Also want to play my ps2 wit my other friend < PROPFIRST > . I also want a job . It looks like I can not get any of wat i want right away . Arrgh ! 
Dang . Had too much caffiene today . Now i cant go to sleep . Smh . 
Lord thank you for waking me up this morning . Help me to stay focus to try to get things done in a timely fashion . Help me to refrain from spending money in a wasteful way . Help me to be more discipline in everything . Also help me to stop cussing out loud and in my head cause people drive like lunatics . Amen ! 
Still trying to keep this weave in . Tmmrw would be 2weeks . Taking it out and then i be back to my multi colored afro . Mite get the color cut off soon . 
Yeah , I heard we going to get a lot of snow early morning tuesday . Am staying at home . Will go look outside on wednesday to see if roads are driveable . Maybe i will keep this hair in longer than i thought . I am a true soldier . Lmbo . Hopeing i dont get another itching attack . Try for another week . 
Want to say that I love my family and all my friends . Every last 200+ of yall . Sorry i dont talk to the majority of yall . Though I doubt if any of u even cares . Though I do read most everyones post if u write one . Just wantd every body to know I love u . Mwauh ! 
Has honesty and respect become extinct(spelling) ? 
Well it look like a lot of snow . Wet snow . We can make a snowman with it . Nah ! Not going out today . So have fun sliding in the streets people . Be careful and drive slow . 
Just thinking .... 
Is wondering if there is any good Reason to lie to someone u love ? 
Is in my warm bed thinking that i am going to fall asleep early today . I hope I dream good dreams . 
Goodnite FB 
Bored . 
I need a sleep aid . 
Dang i hope this wont be a recurring issue(Majority of my friends talking bout The Game ) . Please Lord let it not be so , amen ! 
Why i feel like i need to go back to sleep ? 
Posed to play taxi today . Though . If they dont call or contact me soon , i will change my mind . I seen it snowed sum more . Feeling sleepy again . 
Welp . Today was a busy day . I playd taxi . Maybe i should get my chauffers liscence and be a taxi driver . Hmmm . Mite be a gud idea ... 
Am home . It was fun hanging with my bff today . LOVE YOU ! 
So maybe i will chill for a while . Wish i could play uno wit friends to pass up the time . I dont have any great fantasy books to read or any paint . That God of War game keep on eluding me . I cant seem to beat the first boss . Dang < PROPMALE > Hydra ! Wats up FB ? Wat everybody up to ? 
I am not truly satisified with my being single . At least not with the idea of that being my state of life for the rest of my life . So am asking the Lord for < PROPFEMALE > to presevere till the right man find me . Though Lord knows who I want , < PROPMALE > Chesnut . Is he married already ? Hope not . If so then a nice man who loves God and me , will do . 
See fb ! Its so hard to go to sleep like other people . I am a night owl . Any body hiring for 3rd shift , sign me up . 
Though today wont be as interesting as yesterday . I am going to make the most of it . Going to eat my suga cookies and icecream and listen to my keyshia < PROPMALE > cd . Then maybe i might attempt to defeat the Hydra < PROPMALE > on God of War video game . 
Wow ! Maybe i might have a pow wow ! Uno ! Baby ! Just kidding . Today is going according to plan . Ate my suga cookies and icecream . Now keyshia < PROPMALE > here i come . Might take a nap too . Unless anyone has sumthing better for me to do . Uno sounds like fun right bout now . So do poker , i declare war , speed , and dominoes . EVen a game of Trouble sounds gud . 
Goodnite FB . If u need to chat , text me . Please do not call unless u do not have texting availible to u . Peace . 
Ms < PROPMALE > is on ! Zzzz .. Give me a wake up at 5/6pm 
Well . I had an great day . Very unexpected surprise . Cant stop grinning . Tmmrw bout to < PROPFEMALE > wit my baby sis and our cuz/best friend . Just relax and rewind . Girls only ! 
Thinking bout < PROPFEMALE > Minaj joint- Moment in Life . 
Fall for Your Type- < PROPFIRST > Fox . I like , I like . Had me thinking bout all the men I ever dated . Hmmm . 
Ok . Maybe I need to lay off the caffeine . Tried to go to sleep it not working . 
Still tired . Had sum crazy dreams . Kept waking up in the middle of them . And i think I got restless leg syndrome . My legs feel like i was walkin a lot in my sleep or sumthing . Though when i woke i was still in my bed . 
Man ! Guess next time i get askd a question , i am going to ignore it . Cause i usually tell the truth and most ppl say they want the truth but in reality the dread it . Wat if the truth didnt make u feel better , but actually made u feel worse than a lie would ? Would u rather the lie or the truth ? Which would u perfer FB ? 
Think I am addicted to coffee . Going to pay for it later wit hardly no sleep tonight . 
Starved . Thinking bout that strawberry swirl icecream . Am lactose interolant . Want sum icecream though . Gud thing am not going anywhere today . Here I come icecream ! Yummy ! 
Dang i guess i am minus one friend . Smh ! I should start lying to my friends more maybe they would stay my friends . Lmbo @myself ! I will miss u . Peace out and be careful . I will always think of u as my < PROPMALE > whether u think so or not . Mwauh ! Dang it . 
Talkn and drinkn wit my girl . 
Had a decent time talkn an hanging wit my sis and cuz today . We drank a bit . At least it was at home . Had to do sum catching up on each other lives . Chill and relax witout the kids or any other distractions . Had ok time . Love u < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Mwauh ! 
Just drinking my daily cup of coffee . Too bad places closed due to it being a holiday . Got to do everything on tuesday . Maybe i can visit my friends this week . Since it going to be a short week . Just hope we dont get any snow or if we do , just a lil bit . 
So we got silly mugs on Fb . Lmbo ! Love every last one of yall . Lol ! 
Ha ! Thats wat u get ! 
Lets see how much everybody know me . If u my real friend u would know the answers . 1 . Wats my fav pop ? 2 . Wats my fav colors ? 3 . WAt i do in my spare time ? 4 . When i went to school wat was my < PROPMALE > ? 5 . Am i married or divorced ? 6 . Wats my zodiac sign before the stupid article came out ? 
So today is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. Day . I appreciate what he set out to do in his life . He helped this nation grow and blend together . 
Fb . I finally took out my weave . Dang my head tender . Give my head 2 more weeks to recuperate then i will get it done again . Maybe longer . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > - Whatever . WHatever you want me to do ! Lol . I will be singing this song to my future husband . Yeah ! And u know this man ! 
Love me some < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > old songs . HE Loves Me ! Her songs sound like wat I would say to someone I am feeling deeply . Lets take a long walk around the park after dark .., 
Obviously I got my mp3 on repeat for all < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Songs . I need to get sum of her new ones . Am not willing to change it to Gucci Mane yet . Lol ! 
Ouch ! 
Gonna take a hot steamy shower and go to bed . Today was a stagnant day . Maybe tmmrw will be a lot more live . 
So i trimmed my hair . Most of the gold is out . Back to my basic color . Dark dark brown . I wish i could say it black but its not dang it . 
Hmm .. I wish . 
Dang ... This is bad ... I cant go to sleep now . I am hyped up for no apparent reason . Got dry eyes too . They hurt . 
Had a great day today . Lovely time . Had me thinking bout < PROPFEMALE > Scotts- He Loves Me . :) Beautiful song . Even got that as a ringtone . Now if i can have a person to assign it to . 
Ok . I know its early but I am going to try it anyway . I am tired . Hope it works this time . Alrighty then , here goes nothing ........ Goodnight FB , love every last one of yall , mwauh ! ( What ?! Did u think I was going to say something different ? ROTFLMBO ! ) :-P 
K . More snow . * groan * 
over my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > house using the computer . Looking up some songs and some obs . Wish I brought my controller to the ps2 . We could of played Narnia . Smh ! I forgot it . Bout to head home in a few . 
Insomnia is back . Gud thing i got sum new songs on my mp3 . 
Got < PROPFIRST > Fox new song on my mp3 . Fall for your type . Its so beautiful sounding . Got it on repeat . I couldnt go to sleep . My head wont let me . 
Good afternoon Fb . Just not feeling good myself . Wish things were less ify and more concrete . That way i could get sum rest . 
Am in a gross mood today . Am open to texts and calls to cheer me up . U all got my digits . Smh ! Just gross . 
Dang its dark already . I dont like winter much . I really dont . I am a spring baby . I got to have sunshine . 
My real friends write me back . Thanks to all who do write me back . I still love all my other associates on here too . Mwauh ! 
Its over . I give up . I am going to face reality . Its never going to happen . I understand . I cant make someone love me . Even Jesus couldnt get everyone to love him and he is the son of God . Smh ! 
I am just going to forget everything I ever thought or knew bout love . Crap dont work . 
Smh ! A gross mood today ! It havent gotten better . Better put on sum bandages on my bleeding heart . Smh ! 
Listening to T.I. - Whatever You Like . I wished .... 
R < PROPFIRST > - I Wish * uh huh me too missing my Grandma . She was my only friend outside my mom for a long time . RIP Grandma ! I LOVE U ! * 
U see right through me , how do yall do that ? 
I am so cold . Need to be warm . 
I am in a relationship . I know everyone probably thinking , dang she work fast . I do . And the person is very nice . Puts me first . And loves and respects me . They gave me great advice on everything . Though i admit i didnt listen half the time . I known this person for a long time . Years . I love u boo . Sorry i took so long to realise your feelings for me . 
Summer coming . Best get me a gym membership , so I can look ravishing for my boo . My baby want to see to see me in a smaller size . Says I got too many lumps in all the wrong places . Told my hun that if i do lose weight my lady lumps would be the first to go . My honeybunches of oats said just do it . I said i will . Cause i want to be in a smaller size clothes too . 
My love is not a jealous person . In fact i can still have friends that are men . Nope not jealous at all . I kinda worry if that means my babe is overly confident that no one can enroach on their territory or that they dont think my men friends are attracted to me . Dunno . 
My hun is medium height , has short hair , and a lil tummy . I love the way they walk , talk , and listen to every word I say . A very gud friend . Took them a while to confess their feelings to me . At first they was so busy with school and then it was making that paper . Though we stayd in contact through it all . Even my divorce . A gud friend . I love u . Sorry i be slow sumtimes boo . 
Do to doo da ! I am so happy now . Its great to know that someone u like loves u back . May everybody feel as great as I do . I THINK this is the one . Wat it do ? :) 
Ouch ! < PROPFIRST > . U got to stop poking me . I am getting bruised up ! ROTFLMBO ! Wats up ? 
I am going to get my boo to beat u up < PROPFIRST > ! They going to get u like a dungeon dragon ! POw ! Rotflmbo ! Now stop poking me . Dang fb for making the poke availible to Heihehci(Tekken ) looking characters on fb . Peanut head ! 
Bout to go to walgreens and look to see if they got sum books . While i am there going to check out the chocolate and the sour gummies . Maybe my < PROPFEMALE > would want sum cheetoes or sum gushers . 
Just got back . Walgreens selection in books has went to a all new low . As in almost nonexistent . Though i did get the chocolate . Regular size milky way and twix is . 49 cents . 2/$2 < PROPMALE > size hershey bars . Got the cheetoes for my boo . And sum sour gummy worms for . 99 cents as well as a orange pop for . 79 cents . I didnt see any gushers . Guess i will share my worms wit my baby . 
Goodnite fb ! My boo and i are a bit tired . * wink wink * lol ! Ok . Maybe I am the one thats tired . My boo left me after the Walgreens run . I miss em . Ok nitey nite ! 
Ok . Well . Never mind am not that tired . Read my book and listen to < PROPFIRST > Brown- Crawl . 
I am just now getting it . All my life I had what Lady Gaga song proclaim- A Bad Romance . Crappy . Now it is getting better since my love opened up and told me how they felt . Communication is a key to having a great romance . Love u boo bear ! 
Am listening to Kem- If its Love . If its love it will last forever . Beautiful song . 
Am pissed . Men be making me mad ! Think they can do or say anything and get away wit it . I know sum women do it too . But men have one on us . To all those losers out there both men and women , u gonna get yours . I am just saying . Vengence is mine says the Lord . Yep yall gonna get it gud . 
Ok . I am up . Long night . 
My babe and i are having a issue . Hoping things get better . Feeling a lil down . 
My boo thinks I am fat as a house . Dont believe we going to be together anymore . I cant lose weight overnight . Guess am going to be single again . Dang . Oh well . Nothing new there . Wats up with yall fb ? 
If any one want to have a personalized < PROPFIRST > card made up . I will hook up the poems and u can pick which u want to put in your card to your love . Got plenty of love poems . Since i made them over the years . Inbox me . 
I can even draw it out a < PROPFIRST > card for u . Any pics . Hand drawn , or computer generated , or just your own pic . I can put it all together wit a poem to suit the card . Its just a idea . Gives me sumthing to do for the next month . 
If it makes u feel any better just supply the card stock , pics u want use , and choose a poem , or have me make one up on the fly . Just need a lil description of the person and what makes them stand out to u . I will do it for free . Though i admit i would charge a fee of 4.50 per card made if it is widely popular . Meaning more then 20 people ask for a card made . 
Wats up fb ? 
Welp . I got to move on FB . Tell me how u moved on when or if the person u loved dont want u no more ? What u do ? 
Got sum cds but they only play on my moms portable DVD player . And she stay glued to that player , watching an old T.V series . Any body remember Ally Mcbeal ? Yeah so I cant listen to them . Am mad they dont work on my ps2 or my car radio . 
Me an my boo went out today and got the cds from my bff . My baby had a moment and got into it with my bff . Almost did a dungeon dragon on C.C. but my bff reason it out with my love . Thanks C.C. For the cds and putting up with my boo . 
Lmbo ! I am crazy sumtimes ! Pow ! 
I love my < PROPFEMALE > ! So sweet . Knows how to pick me up when i am down . And is faithful 24/7 . So strong and beautiful in they own way . Knows what they want and goes after it . And is so truthful . They have never strayed nor lied to me . I love u boo ! Stay lovely . 
Today is saturday . Tell me why i never make it out the house on the weekend . I be meaning to head out and shoot sum pool , yet i never make it . None of my friends want to < PROPFEMALE > at a bar or pool hall wit me . Yall are sick by the way . Though I love ya . Smh ! *letsgoplay * 
Welp got to go to fedex/kinkos . Get on the computer real quick . 
How do u handle rejection , fb ? 
K . Enough questions with no easy answers . Guess i will head to sleep . Maybe I might be getting married soon fb . Who knows . Till then , Goodnight ! Dueces ! 
Ok . I am going to come clean . I dont got a boyfriend . Lol ! Yeah ! Am still single . Shout out to < PROPFIRST > . Thanks for not spilling the truth out . I know i took it to the extreme . Lmbo ! Thanks . U a gud friend . Had to liven up my day sumhow ! Hehe ! Pow ! Gotcha Fb ! ROTFLMBO ! 
Am listening to Kem- If its Love . If its love it will last forever . Beautiful song . Wish i could of gotten his older albums downloaded . Kemistry . Would love to hear Love Calls . Dang it . 
< PROPMALE > Studdard- Feel Beautiful . My jam ! Mite have to put in on repeat . Remember when I was working my job . I would put that on repeat . ANd run around my pick cell singing it at the top of my lungs . Everybody be like they thought i was running over a rabbit . ROTFLMBO ! 
Alright . Goodnig ... i mean good morning fb . I am going to head to sleep finally . My eyes are droopy . Dont wake me till noon . Got to get at least 3 hrs in 
< PROPFIRST > u always poking me ! I am going to get u ! Lol ! 
Lmbo ! I am crazy sumtimes ! Pow ! Going to lay low today and play ps2 and watch football . 
Thinking bout just staying home . I did go to bed all late . Dang near 8am . And woke up round noon . Tired . Wake me up at 8pm fb . 
Staying home after all . Alright am going to sleep . Wake me up at 8pm FB . Otherwise i will stay sleep till 10/11pm and will be up the rest of the night again . Smh ! 
Yawn !! Gn fb . See at 8pm or so . 
Just another day and another night in the life of < PROPFEMALE > Trotter .... Wats happening fb ? Tell me who all played against each other today and won in football . Ever since the Colts lost I admit to not watching football anymore . I figure wats the point , it aint the Colts . So i need an update . 
Maybe i go back to sleep . 
I want to jump into the happily ever after part of my life already . 
Hear it is almost 8am and the sun havent came out yet . 
Snow .... 
chilling at the library . trying to put in job applications . 
dang I never have enough time on the library computer . I just filled out one application and only got 14minutes left . it sucks not having your own computer now days 
Listening to 112- cupid . THat was the jam . 
Yeah . I am bored . 
Most definitely bored . Someone please put me out my misery !! 
Had to pick up a < PROPMALE > from skool . Turned out to be a entertaining day . Yep . :) 
Got sour stomach . 
Good night . Lmbo ! 
Getting my tune up today . Man i am broke already . The rest of this week going be hard . 
Dang that tuneup put a dent in my pocket . Charge me 60 . That is cheap compared to alot of places . Parts bout 30 . Problem- my turn flash dont work right . We got a new one but cant find the old one to take it out and replace . Maybe we can get ahold of someone to put it in . 
First time i ever had my phone die completely out fb . This week so far is a ok week for me . Other than I am broke , got to say i still had fun so far . Shoutout to my new friend . U know who you are . 
Going to join the gym . Going to join the gym today ! Yeah ! 
Am sleepy . I might take a nap . 
And before i head to sleep . I want to say that i had a great time over my friend house . Good convesation . Stay strong Mr. BOND ! 
Wat is love exactly ? A bond someone has for another ? Two friends making a choice to be more than friends together ? Physical attraction ? A decision to protect and cater to another ? Emotions ? Wat exactly is love ? Love is what God say it is in 1 Corinthians 13 . If u dont have love u dont have nothing . * realtalk * 
Fb . I am coming out with another note/poem soon . Just want to share good news . Am dating again . I know , I know . This time i am telling the truth . 
Women are Angels and when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly .... On a broomstick . We are flexible like that .... If u like this post it ! 
Maybe i was mistaken . I do be assuming stuff . Maybe i am not dating . I think not . Sorry everyone . False alarm . I am still single and available . My bad . I was bout to get happy bout it too and start congratulating myself . At last , i was dreaming up stuff . It was a lovely dream for a second though . Smh ! 
Fb . Goodnight . 
Dang feel like i was punch on the side of my throat fb . Smh ! Could be the dang sinus 
Maybe things will start looking better . < PROPFIRST > is coming and I need a date . Who want to be my < PROPFIRST > ? Lol ! 
Am bored my friend was posed to call me . Guess my friend fell asleep . Smh ! 
Tell me why my feet is cold fb ! So bored . Need entertainment . Wheres the talking babies for etrade or the woodchuck comercial for geico ? 
So am a lil sad . No date today . Oh well , his lost . Wat up fb ? 
A lil bit tipsy ! How everybody doing ? Hold up i cant feel my legs . 
When is superbowl ? 
heard going to be a blizzard or sumthing 
Rain , rain , go away ! Heck that aint rain ! More , like it ice ! Smh ! Slippery than the slippery noodle out there . Fb , be careful . Peace out ! 
Dang my sis messed up my gud sleep . Man ! I probably be up rest of the nite . No fair ! 
Omg ! Its treacherous outside . Dont walk out doors and not expect to slide all around . My dad got stuck in his truck . Had to chip away the ice to get him out . Wow ! Bout half an inch thick ice formed on my car . Door is frozen solid . If u got to work tmmrw i advise getting up 3hrs earlier . 
My bff < PROPFIRST > be on the roll today . Like your rhymes/raps bay ! 
Shout out to all my fb friend who got to go to work despite all the ice that is on your car . Be safe and drive like u got sum sense . Slick than i dont know wat . Dont care how late u is for work . Work cant replace your life . * Realtalkdriveslow * 
Guess i will go to sleep finally . Goodnite fb . 
Omg ! My mom fell and maybe broke her wrist . They headed to the hospital now . Told them i am not going outside . Back in the day i remember falling all the time going to my bus stop . Not going out there . Uh uh , not me . Pray for my parents and my sis to make it there and back . 
Drinking coffee . Fb i hate the taste of coffee . Problem is that its the cheapest source of caffeine other than maybe tea . See , fb , i am addicted to caffeine . If i dont get my daily fix i would be dragging all day and snappish . U dont want me to be snappish . Trust me on this . Lmbo ! Seriously , u dont . 
My sis just calld me from the hospital . The nurse said my mom arm lookd deformed . They going to do sum xrays and my mom might have to undergo surgery to straighten her arm out . Pray for her fb . She on a iv drip of painkillers right now . 
My poor mama . Xrays show her wrist is most definitely broken . She will have to get surgery . My poor mama ! She at the hospital waiting on the surgeon . My dad and sis came back . 
My poor mama ! Bout to go to surgery now . My dad and sis headed back now . 
Ok . Its seems that my text is not working properly . Cause i sent 5 people the same text n only one got it . My mom is ok . She didnt have surgery after all . The doctor realigned her arm and put it in a sling . She will be ok . Thanks to all who prayed . * seeprayerdoeswork * 
Just got done watching < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in Enter the Dragon . Been a long while since I seen it . GUD karate or watever . 
I went outside today . Got sum of the ice off my car . Was bout half inch thick up to whole inch and a half of ice . Now the problem is my wheels are half submerged in ice and i keep slipping on the chunks i chippd off my car . I am stuck . Cant backup or drive . Smh . 
Dang . I am in my covers and I am cold still . No fair . 
Craving sum chocolate . Smh . 
I miss him . Is that even possible ? Smh ! 
My tires are stuck in the ice . Thats so not gud right now fb . Hopefully tmmrw be a lil warmer and i can make a dent in the ice . Was going to boil sum water and pour it round my tires but was told that was a bad idea . Kinda like pouring hot water on your frozen windsheild . U end up later with a crackd windsheild . So hot water is now a no go for my tires . SMh ! 
My car is so giving me a headache . Dang wheels ! Cant get out . Bout to go stir crazy . Heard theres a a singles- One Night Stand tmmrw at New Life Worship Center church . Was thinking bout going . Am single . Dunno now . Stuck in the driveway . Smh . 
Yeah im single , i am single . 
Ok maybe its not fair to blame my car for my headache . Its my glasses thats doing it . Ouch . Prescription is old . Bout dang near 4years since my last eye exam . Smh . 
Dang i am bored . Can sumbody come by and swoop me up . Lets go bowling or sumthing . Lasertag ? 
So i went around poking people . I admit , i am bored . Have to make up my own entertainment . Shout out to all who just got poked by me in the past 5 minutes . Shout out to all the other 200+ ppl i didnt poke . I would if i could . Love every last one of yall . 
Instead of the\Heat Is On\ " we going to say the\ " Poke Is On\ " ! Ouch ! I BRUISE easily . People on fb be poking too hard . Lmbo ! " 
Mwauh ! And if u love me send it back . Lol !.......... I know , i know . U probably wondering wat is up wit < PROPFEMALE > . Hello !!! Its called BOREDOM , it contagious , and I got it . If u dont send me the love back u run the risk of catching it too ! Mwauh ! Lol ! 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > Minaj- Here I Am * Pink Friday * tight ! 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > Fox- Freak*Best Night of My Life * Everybodys , sumbodys , Freak ! CAN i be Yours ! - thats a tight song . Its so true in a sense . Loving all his new songs . 
Fall for Your Type- < PROPFIRST > Fox . Love this song . Its so smooth . It flows . The instrumentals is outstanding . Love it . DRakes lyrics . Smh ! Perfectly done . And the video ! Omg ! 
I will never get over this song . Its the bomb ! Love it . Somebody burn the cd for me . Please . Thanks . < PROPFIRST > FOX- BEST NIGHT OF MY LIFE . Thanks . I will love u for ever . Promise . 
All my friends are contaminated . SMh ! I tried to save yall . Cant say i didnt try . I love you guys and gals . I truly do . I have to quarintine u . If u want to be free of contaminents shake off the disease of BOREDOM then give me sum love ! Mwauh ! Hahaha ! 
Was looking at my profile pic . I notice its not one of my best takes . Though my eyebrows look perfect . And my cheeks look like they got blush on them . Fb . Only thing i did was put on lipstick . Dang . I look great . Ijs ! Not tooting my own horn , but shoot .... toot . Toot . Lmbo ! 
Sad and a bit lonely . I am missing someone . My other half ? 
Ahh well . Missing something . Is it u ? 
Yeah got a lot on my mind . Hard to go to sleep . Missing u . Man ! SMh ! 
Smh . Ok i will attempt to go to sleep . Alright . GOODNIGHT . 
Well wats going on today fb ? Am up real quick . Bad dreams . Ahh well . Wheres the coffee ? Going to try to see if my car want to cooperate today . 
Argh ! Why am i still stuck ? Its tween mud and the ice . Mad ! Really am . It it to be 50degrees for bout 4hrs . Melt this and dry it up sum . Good gravy 
Sumbody help . Please . Till then i am taking a nap . If u can help me get out my driveway inbox me thanks . My mom got a broken hand and my dad at work . 
Welp guess i am stuck . Dang it . 
So i am taking this time of revelation to see who is a true friend of mine . Probably wont be able to drive for another 4 or 5 days . Or if the snow gets melted low enough where no one slides all over the place trying to push me out . This actually means no seeing my friends and no taxing them around . Welp we will see they true colors . 
Admits . I am i a bad mood . Bout to pull my loner on and not be socialiable for a while . Today is last day . Tmmrw i mite say 1 thing but i will pretty much be anti-social for a while . 
Goodnite fb . Dont expect much convo from me in the next couple of days . Unless my car get unstuck . 
Yep i am so done . More snow . Arrgh ! Antisocial mode is engaged . Smh ! Please do not disturb . 
Gross mood . 
Dang my whole body sore . I guess all this stress , me falling , and me shovelling ice and me carrying hot water and me trying to help push my car out the ditch got me sore and hurt everywhere . 
Yep . I am a bit happy . Early bday present to myself . Laptop . Now to get internet service . Shoutout to Mr. Chisholm who gave great advice on which laptop to get . C.C. u a computer whiz . Glad u my friend . Thanks . For being very helpful and making everything is as advertised all via cell . If u was here i would give u a big sloppy kiss and hug u to death . Lmbo ! Thanks . 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > - He Loves Me , on my new Laptop ! So kool ! 
Oh . Today has been an eventful day ! Am sleepy now ! Going to put away my new Laptop and go to sleep . Goodnite fb ! 
Still sore as if i was beaten or ran over by kids in power wheel cars . 
God done brought people into your life for a reason . Its up to you to figure out why or wat for or for how long . 
K . FB . I am still sore and to boot i am tired . I gonna do a shoutout to my friends and associates . Shoutout !!! And goodnite . Goodnite !!! 
Ok . Goodnite for real this time at 4.40 am 
So , wats gud fb ? Since I probably wont have a date on < PROPFIRST > weekend since I am single . I would like to know wat would constitute as a great romantic < PROPFIRST > date . I never had a date so I wouldnt know . Tell me wat yall did for your past dates . 
Welp guess i will go take a nap . Everybody is too busy to talk on here . 
On my laptop . No internet yet but least i can listen to my music and play majong . 
Welp going to go to sleep . I was listening to my music on my Laptop . Got me a songlist . Once i get internet and sum cds i going to learn how to burn a cd . Just learnt how to rip cds . Hope it dont affect the orignal cd . Anybody knows ? 
Im living my life like its < PROPFEMALE > , living my life like its < PROPFEMALE >,< PROPFEMALE > . Living my life like its < PROPFEMALE > . Im taking my freedom , pulling it off the self . Im taking my own freedom , doing wat comes naturally . Im living my life like its < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE >...- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > . Am taking heed . 
Gudnite . Again . I be up again by 7 or 8 . Taking a nap . 
Am up again . That was refreshing . 
Bout to watch sum movies via Laptop . 
Might have a date on < PROPFIRST > s . If thats to happen they got to come get me cause i am still stranded till the weather permits . Too bad all my male friends are car less . So no < PROPFIRST > after all . Dang and i never experienced it with anyone . Maybe next year . Sumone wish me better luck next year . Thanks . 
Gudnite Fb . Be back later , peace out . Yawn ! 
I wish that when u poke sumone that it let u have the option to attach a personal note to the person u just poke . Mainly so i can figure out why we poking each other any way ? I am so confused as to why we back n forth poking each other . Dear owner of Fb can u give us a option to send a poke with a note please ? Otherwise take of the poke . Since i dont know why people poking me for . Thanks . Lmbo ! < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just got done watching The Warriors Way , great movie ! Cool samauri fighting . Awesome kill effects . Lmbo ! I made up that last one , kill effects ! Lol ! 
U had that masculine thing down though , shoulders back , back straight , never round . U just running across my mind . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
You are the most beautiful person in the whole world . If we could light a candle in your honor , it would seem as if yours was the brightest flame . You are the most intelligent person i know . Getting advice from you , feels like i done struck it < PROPMALE > . I am so glad to have u as my friend and savior . ~ Adoration to the God most High 
Alright guess i will go to bed now . 
Am tired . Smh ! Why ? Guess i will be staying home after all . No Valentines this year . Time to go back to sleep . Dream of better times and warmer climates . 
Man ! Stressing ! Need my friends to give me encouragement . 
Love is everything u ever thought or imagine it to be . Love can stand the test of time . Love is strong and is kind . Love can bring u a peace of mind . Love is always good . To love someone means u have all these qualities in your relationship . If u dont already got it , u need to step up your game . Love is always there and its waiting on u . * justwantedtowriteboutlove * 
I am finally free ! Yeah ! Got my car out wit help of my dad , neighbor , cardboard and salt 
Ok fb . I wont be commenting much unless its bout boring stuff . Got a lot of things to do , got to get crack a lackin . Specially since got my car free . If u dont hear from me much its cause i am at the gym . 
Ok . Im woke . ( first boring coment . ) 
Smh @myself . 
Happy Valentines Day everyone . I love all of you . Hope that u all have a wonderful day with the person you love . I know everyday should be Valentines for u , but I want u to go ham on today with the love . Just go all out . You never know it may be your last time to show your feelings in 3d to your love one . Lifes short and feelings change . Get crack a lackin people ! 
got my internet , problem is its extra slow . oh well . long as it work . i can always go to the library if i want faster speed . lol 
ok i see . internet be faster late nite . kool . i want to applogize in advance to all my true fb friends . i wont be talking on fb much after this . now i get to use the applications and look up youtube stuff and movies . fb going to be on the back burner for real though . and when i get my external hard drive its on and poping . I am just saying . sorry . love every last one of yall . 
good nite fb 
Had a great day today ! Went on a date . Had fun . Gud clean , no strings attached fun . Just got to talking and getting to know each other in a public setting . Watever happened to sitting or walking and talking to a person ? Wat happen to the days when people got to know each other before all the extracurricular activies ? Wat happen to courting ? 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > Legend's-Ordinary People . Gud song . 
K . Facebook . Got to go to sleep . Got to get up early and handle sum business . Nitey nite ! Love everybody ! Mwauh ! 
sup fb ? 
good night fb 
Morning ! Hows everyone ? 
bored 
Just woke up . Dont see nothing new . So am going back to sleep . Yawn . Love everybody . Be gud now . Shellychelle will everybody when she wakes up again . Lord willing . Peace out Fb ! 
Today was definitely a great day . Hope to have a repeat sum other day ....... Anticipating for that day already . Hopefully it will happen again for my bday . < rubbing my hands together impatiently > lol ! 
Welp time for bed got to be up . Interviews . People pray for a sister . Love everybody ! Mwauh ! 
Looks like the same ole . OK good nite then fb . 
Brrr . Its cold . 
wat to do ? wat to do ? 
Hopefully tmmrw /today be a better day . Allergies be gone . I am hopeing 
maybe I will burn sum movies today . 
having a ok day/nite tonight . 
U guessed it , I am still awake . Insomnia ! 
Had a great time playing Tekken 4 . Was whooping sum tail .... Finally ! Though near the end I didnt do so well . Messed me up when we traded controllers thats ok . 18 to 6 is still a win ! 
Unfortunately I am very competitive . Who knew ? Lmbo ! 
Alright bout to wash my hair and go to bed . Goodnight fb ! 
am staying in the house . gas is way too high to drive . heard the dang bus is high too . 
was on skype . guess my internet slower than most . ohhh welll ! at least i got on the video call for the first time ever . thats cool . wished it didnt get all messed up cause of the slow connection . 
Still up Fb . Staying home today . Trying to download my movies still . I started at 5pm yesterday . My internet is slow . It only startd picking up speed at 2am . Go figure . SMH ! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ...................................................... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ................ I wished !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
still downloading movies . it got slow again , smh 
Tangled is a gud movie . so is Narnia- < PROPFEMALE > Treader 
127 hours , smh ! Based off a true story . Glad the guy alive . sad bout the arm . smh 
so not feeling great . though i did break the monotony of house sitting by hanging with my friends today . Call of Duty looks to hard to play on ps3 . Next time I am going to try my hand at Mortal Kombat vs . DC Universe . 
still woke ....... doing surveys and downloading movies . 
alright am bout to head to bed finally . got all my movies that i orginally thought to download finally downloaded . took forever . smh . just glad my 20 movies are done . am taking request . hit me up . in my inbox . 
Welp . Just wantd all my Fb friends and fam to know that I still love every last one of you . Might not talk to yall as much , but my love for everybody is still there and is going strong . Hope everyone has a blessd day and enjoy themselves . U only got one life to live , so live it . Peace out . Mwauh ! 
lah < PROPFIRST > da 
watching < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the olympians 
blah blah blah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Am bored ! 
had to download date night again . it worked fine till i try to make the dvd . then the audio went awol on me . smh !!!!!!!!!!!!! wasted 3 dvds . argh !!! 
Wats upper fb . Just made a decision . Figured that i am not needed by anybody . So i am going to just chill . 
yeah . time for sum cutbacks . things getting a lil tooo tight round here . 
bout to write another note/poem fb ...................... < PROPFIRST > give me a call . i tried to call u but got the voicemail . 
goodnight fb . was looking on amazon . they got sum interesting sci fi fantasy books coming out and already out . get me a gift . my birthday is coming soon . inbox me and i will tell u which books i want . 
celebrating my dads bday a lil earlier . smh . love my dad . shout out to all my fb friends and fam ! 
ok good night everybodyor is it good morning ? 
Ok . Maybe i simply need to work on going to bed earlier . 
All my life . I waited . I wont put my life on hold any longer . 
i am going back to sleep . just had a crazy dream . its early morning . so might as well go back to lah la land . 
Dang . Cant go back to sleep . Smh . 
yep . i am definitely awake . no going back to lah la land for me . 
Maybe i mite take a nap after all . Good morning fb . 
Did daylight saving time start last night ? If so the clocks in my parents house are all wrong ! 
bout to head to the gym , weird . lol ! 
My < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > got blessd wit a new job ! Go < PROPFIRST > ! 
Am going underground . Going to stop talking to everybody . Am not very socialable right now . Even though i am sure everybody notice and didnt give two craps that i havent been saying a lot lately on here . 
Times like this , i wishd my grandma was still alive . She was the only person that listend to me without judging . A truer friend than most . Miss her . Need her so i can tell her everything that happend to me thus far . RIP- grandma , love ya , missd ya , wishd u was still with us . Smh ... Sad . 
rip nate dogg , remebering phrase : regulaters , mount up !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well FB , You all can read my short story : The Rescue . I think its cool !!! My first adventure story . Its got A < PROPFEMALE > , a tower , and a Dragon . 
oh yeah my short story / notes- The Rescue comes in 5 parts . Be sure it read all 5 from start to beginning . Maybe it will help ease the monotony of the day for some of you . 
oh and yes Its plenty of typos . I am not a professional writer and FB doesn't have spell check or grammar check per se . So all you english majors , < PROPFEMALE > me . 
Time to get it together . Lord help ? Thanks in advance Amen . 
And my birthday coming . MARCH 29th . Am not adverse to gifts . Please feel free to hook a sister up . IJS ! 
oldies but goodies , My Fair Lady and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Listening to my mixtape . 
my birthday march 29th . wonder how that will go . i will be 32 . 
Am now disillusioned about my friend and a bit overwhelmed with melancholy for a friend now lost . 
tired to the bones . seems like things are getting rough . whew . need energy . 
letting go .......... my final decision . Got to let it go before i turn into somthing I'm not . I will be sad . But things will get better . I got to trust God will see me through . Hard . If I don't it will progress and I will start being bitter . 
Met sumbody . We will see how that plays out . 
Gn fb . Was too keyed to go to sleep already . Finally the sandman strikes . Yawn ! 
Got a bottle of Ragae Red wine . Just no one to share it with . Lol . Just my luck . Smh ! 
Some ppl are in your life for a season and sum in the long term . I am needing long term friends . Got 3 so far . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . Love u guys and gal . U always listen when i need a ear . U always treat me as u want to be treatd . Love u . Of course I love my seasonal friends too . How bout we do sum upgrading from seasonal to full/long term friends . Just a idea . 
New question for my friends , seasonal and long term . Alright .... Compared to others .... Wat exactly makes u different or unique ? 
Great to < PROPFEMALE > with friends . All day everyday . Shout out to my buddies that I < PROPFEMALE > with , i will try to keep at it . No more neglecting yall . After fam comes friends . 
time to have fun ! had fun yesterday with my friend . went to a birthday party . kids were runnig and playing , grownups had they on fun . love talking . with could do that more often . perhaps i maybe visit my friend < PROPFIRST > before he goes to work tommorow or after work . my birthday coming . wonder how it will be . 
fb . why things can't be simple ? why everyone want they cake and anothers too ? Me I just want one cake . Too bad I am single . Or should I be glad . Too many greedy folks out there . 
Tell you , some people don't know a good thing even when it reachs out grabs your hand and pulls you in for a kiss . wait , maybe they do know a good thing , but just ignore it cause it wasn't in their plans . We all need to open our eyes and see the good thing in front of our face for wat it is and hold on tight . otherwise , you going to miss out and get the bad crap that you was planning to have . Duh ! 
some people are beautiful through and through . some are beautiful on the outside only . some are beautiful on the inside . and unfortunately you have those that are just butt uglyno matter wat . Which are you ? 
boy !!!!!!! Decisions decisions . Got to see wat can benefit me most , got to look out for number1 . That means everyone other than God , comes last . Yes , even the ones I profess to love . I love you , but if its between you and me , it will be me , I am going to look out for first . Done , looking out for others thate either don't appreciate or don't care about the effort I put in things . No more taking me for granted . 
ugh . hate making decisions . this time i am going to take my own sweet time about . I will not be rushed , cornered , or tricked into any irrational thought on the matter . Make sure I mean what I say this time . No wishing I could rethink stuff cause I will already thought about it . So wait for me to think it out . This is my future or will pertain to my futre , got to think hard about it . No regrets . 
think I hate surround sound . feel like the whole house is vibrating . dang ! 
stat theif :::::: There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So love the people who treat you right Pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy Falling down is a part of life , getting back up is living . Drama Free and Loving it ~ Re-post if you agree 
today my heart stopped beating for a moment when I realized I have lost the love I once knew .... 
At the doctors . Getting xrays for my mom broken arm . Later tonite gonna support my friend . The group he is in got a show . They rap . This be the first I will hear them rap . Hopefully they are gud . Then saturday i am gonna to my girl Rogstar birthday party . Yeah . Fun times are just begining 
Once i am done with the hospital , going to hit the Bookstore , Barnes and < PROPMALE > off 82nd street . Ran out of books to entertain me . Anybody that knows me , knows that I love to read . I COULD probably open my own used book store . All the books I own now and all the thousands of books I owned but sold back . 
Because I choose to ignore your negative qualities , doesnt mean I didnt know that u had them or that I am slow . It means that i focus on the positive qualities , hoping that you would let them grow . 
Wats up FB ? Had the important decision taken out of my hands . One less worry . Time to move on to greener pastures . Summer is on the way . Time to have fun and also get things done . Shoutout to my special friends , < PROPMALE > Griffin and < PROPFIRST > D Miller , as well as < PROPFEMALE > Dunbar . Thanks for keeping me grounded even as I keep yall entertained with my crazy stories . Peace . 
Mom is out the cast . Now she got to work on her range of motion and getting strength in her arm . So glad she pretty much free . Yay ! 
wow i feel relieved . i was stressing these last couple weeks FB . I want to say I love everybody if You like me or don't . I will never hate you . Takes to much energy to hate . I am also praying for everybody on my friends list , all 200+ , maybe not by name . Special prayers to God for all my closest friends and for all the people that no longer in my life . Love everybody . Peace Out . 
This might seem crazy , but I love everybody including my Ex's . won't name everyone , though cause I haven't seen him in awhile . My ex husband if you ever be on here , I still love you , boo ! might not like you much , but I forgive and I love you . Jesus says to love everyone . Thats what I intend to do . 
I am not perfect , but I never said I was so you have no right to blame me for my flaws . I am who i am and I have no shame in that . I admit , I'm slightly damaged and these bruises seem permanent but I still love with all my heart , I still dream with everything I have . I've realized that \forever\ " can end at the blink of an eye and sorry means nothing unless someone actually changes . \ 
lately I find myself copying peoples stats . if it worded great and it pertains to me whetherI went through it or not I copy and paste it as a stat . Thanks to all my freiends that have great stats that I can copy . 
bout to read my new books and chill . maybe go visiting . glad to be free and glad to be driving . God blessed me . hope the blessings will keep coming my way 
bout to see whos on skype . i tell ya , everytime i get on , none of my friends be on , or only 1 or two . skype is overated . 
dang i am freezing . where the heat at ? Ok fb I am going to bed with my new book . I might doze off . Catcha later ! 
Hangd out wit my friend < PROPFIRST > . Watched TNA Lock Down Wrestling . Bout to head home . I decided to do a rain Check on going to my other friends show . Hope his group does great . Tired . 
Unfortunately i havent been to sleep yet . Gud nite FB . 
Sleepy stilk 
Ok . Why is it cold ? My bday is coming . I need it to be in the 60s or 70s again . Please Lord ? Bring back the great weather , Please ?! 
Maybe i AM getting older . My tolerance for bull crap is almost non-existent . In fact my < PROPFEMALE > is even more skimpy than wat it was . I used to put up with a lot of stupid stuff . I love every1 so please , no more silly stuff . I am definitely changing . Get on my level and we be cool . 
Maybe i will < PROPFEMALE > out by myself today . Any decent places on the East side of Indianapolis . I used to live on the west side . So i know bout sum places over there that got the pool tables which is wat i want to do . Shoot pool . Any place to shoot pool on the East side or is it all clubs with no pool tables over here . 
Ok . IM missing a friend . Shout out to all my friends . Love ya . 
Guess I just have to deal with stupid stuff . People don't know a gud thing unless its gone . I'm gone . bye bye 
If you're not scared put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) A SweetHeart . ( 2 ) I'd marry you . ( 3 ) I want to date you . ( 4 ) Sarcastic . ( 5 ) I miss you . ( 6 ) I'd have sex with you ( 7 ) Beautiful . ( 8 ) Smart . ( 9 ) Imaginative . ( 10 ) I want to make you mine . ( 11 ) Hot . ( 12 ) Funny . ( 13 ) Fit . ( 14 ) Amazing . ( 15 ) Tough . ( 16 ) Cute . ( 17 ) I want to kiss u 18 ) I love u 19 ) friends 4ever 
People are so elementary now days . Its why I lose a lot of friends , cause some of my friends has friends thats 30+ in age and act like they 10 . Its retarded . Hello if you got immature friends it kind of make me wonder . I am just saying . who you < PROPFEMALE > out with or associate yourself with gives a person insight on what kind a person you are . 
dang its cold , nights like this ....... You get the picture ...... Lmbo !!! Unfortunately I am single and by my lonesome . oh well ... Bout to continue reading my romance novel . Its getting interesting . Got some imaginary war the heroine is trying to prevent . Lately the romance novels got action pack adventure going on . treking through woods and swords and stuff . My kind of entertainment . 
bout to check out Skype . No body be on it , I wonder why they still running the site . I mean I understand its suppose to be able to let you use it to make free calls but what if you already got unlimited minutes on your phone . 
yep . just got on there nobody is on there . it sucks bout to unsubscribe . 
going to order a pizza 
Can't wait till summer . Its on and poping < PROPMALE > . Bout to join the Gym . Dang people didn't sign me up last time I went . So mad . I even gave them a voided check so they can take the money out of my checking account since the last time i was signed up for the gym my debit card expired and they didn't have my new number . So I got to go up there again and sign up . man . 
oh brother ! i am starving . got maybe 15 minutes till the pizza man get here . I am also feeling a lil under the weather . Dang weather changes . Why couldn't it stay warm . Now my nose is starting to run . 
Shout out to all my Family on FB ! I love every last ne of yall . As well as my ex hubby , who I still consider family . 4 years with me and you family to me . I know it seems stupid but its true . 
pizza came . It was ok . hit the spot . am full now . 
ok i am bored . am not sleepy though . 
Today . I dont feel like going out . I save a lot of money staying at home why leave the house unless its bout making more money . Also i have no one to worry bout . Yeah . My money is growing and its my own . Lol . 
I think I finally met my match . The person that makes me happier than I ever been . 
can't wait to start getting my self together . 
I am not in any mood to socialize . Seriously , Ive been a messed up mood for the last 3 weeks . 
arrgh . bored to death . Can't wait for summer . I get to go to the park , bars , and more movies . I might even walk , mite . Lmbo . its too cold out . Where that warm wether disappeared to ? 
off to the store 
Sad . Maybe i messed up . 
Taking a nap . Be up at 3.30 pm 
bout to head out . 
At last ! Here I am another year older . Hope this be the begining of one of the best years of my life . Real talk . Hope i meet my future husband . Or if i already met him he start talking bout our future together . Either way its going to be a gud year . Yeah . Go 32 ! 
Just cause your special to me , doesnt mean u dont get treated like everybody else . Like fam . So i am going to say watevers on my mind . Cause thats wat i do wit my fam . Just be happy i love u . To all my friends , Calondra , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and the many others . Love ya fam ! 
listening to < PROPMALE > - Bad Habits 
I love my life , my God , my fam , and my friends . Good or bad , i wouldnt change a thing . Its wat made me who I am today ! Go me ! Yeah ! Am growing and changing for the better every day ! I Love me , MWAUH ! 
thanks now i am going to go with my parents to the store . 
Wow ! I am grateful for all the bday well wishes . Thanks . TRied to make it a point to thank everyone . Thanks . Everybody . Love all of you and appreciate the bday shoutouts . 
I love that the people i call friends do have a sense of humor just like me . Otherwise being their friend would not be as exciting . We got to have sumthing in common . Figure a sense of humor is as good as any thing . 
Wat the ...... Snow ? For real though ? Dang ! I thought we were officially done wit winter ! Man ! 
My love is deeper . Didnt u notice ? 
I love my life , my God , my fam , and my friends . Good or bad , i wouldnt change a thing . Its wat made me who I am today ! Go me ! Yeah ! Am growing and changing for the better every day ! I Love me , MWAUH ! Am in a loving relationship . With myself . 
I love my life , my God , my fam , and my friends . Good or bad , i wouldnt change a thing . Its wat made me who I am today ! Go me ! Yeah ! Am growing and changing for the better every day ! I Love me , MWAUH ! If u remove yourself from my life , know that its your loss . Seriously . 
Listening to an old christian cd by artist known as < PROPFEMALE > . I love the cd . Especially the tracks- Gods Got An Army , The Blood , and No Way , We Are Not Ashamed . 1993 cd . Great . Love it . 
w if you see me on the street you might stop and stare . Yep its orange , blonde again . I love it . For those that seen it in the in between stages meaning , all black or half and half , well , what can I say . Surprise ! 
why it erased half my words ? 
lol !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Men are a trip !!!!! Oh well !! Wats up friends ? 
Ok I am going to attempt to sign up for the gym again . This time I am going to make sure they got me in their system . If it don't get done this time , I am going to give it up as a lost cause . Meaning its not meant to be . Me and the Gym . 
watching megamind again . its a good movie . 
Breathe . Just breathe . 
Welp guess i will finally go to sleep land . Nitey nite ! 
Wow ! I wish people stop text or calling me before noon . I am sleep . FRom now on , i am going to ignore all incoming stuff till 1.30 pm . Cant stand too much negativity or positivity when i havent had much sleep . Love yall though . Dont be mad . 
Cancun restaurant on e . 82nd street . Never been before hopefully its delicious . My ex- co- worker and gud friend < PROPFIRST > is taking time to celebrate my bday . Last year was lovely this year will be classy . 
Had a great time with my friend today , We watched Rango . it was ok . It had its funny spots . I also enjoyed sum Mexican food at the restuarant called Cancun . Have to say it was a great late birthday gift . 
having issues . Pray for my fam . 
when you are finally alone , you are no longer preoccupied about how to make another person happy . you are now focusing on wat can make you happy . 
dang my stomach hurts . taking meds . 
Stomach is keeping me woke . Dang . Took sum meds , but they not working . Wonder why . Dang it ! 
ok . its raining . can anyone say , Spring ? 
listening to Kem- When I'm Loving You 
Bout to download sum oldie but goodie fantasy movie , Stardust , < PROPFEMALE > , Krull , and Legend . Oh yeah , them old movies rocked . Can't wait to watch them . Funn times for sure . 
And my brain is up with no sign of tiring any time soon . Man ! I got to lay off the caffeine . Guess one cup of coffee instead of two , from now on . 
Hate that my stomach is still outta commission . Very inconvient . Arrgh !! Wheres my tylenol , ibprofren , advil , excederin , alleive , or bayers aspirin 
about to watch My Fair Lady , love that old movie 
Still watching MY Fair Lady , awesomeness . How kind of you to let me come . Lol ! 
I've grown accustomed to his face 
Unreturned love ..... Wat more could be said about it ? 
Why cant a man understand a woman ? Or vice versa ? 
Alright . Gonna go to sleep . Sweet dreams my FB fam and friends ! Love every last one of you . Shoutout to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Calondra , < PROPMALE > , and C.C. Good friends are hard to find and great friends are like a rare < PROPFIRST > . 
too bad i am not feeling great today would of been great to < PROPFEMALE > at the park 
family friction . prayer is def needed . thanks all . 
got a headache 
About to hit a place this weekend . By myself . Could be the movies , park , bar , or bookstore . Don't really care what I do , long as I am out the house . Time to have fun . 
Ok . I know this may seem redundant , but I am just not sleepy right now . In fact , I am wide awake . I didnt even drink any coffee today either . Man ! 
Ok . I am going to go to the bar tonight . SHoot pool and chillax . Tween the triangle and the point . Thinking the point cause i never went before . Wonder how much to get in the door . 
At the Point . So far it okay . Old people . Lol . My kind of crowd . 
had an ok time , considering i was by myself . mite have to do this again . 
Am a bit sad . Things are most def changing . 
Going to sleep early . 
Starting over . Over , over . A lot of friends havent made the cut . Still have sum gud friends that i kept . Dont get me wrong . Everybody still in my friend list . Just a couple have been cut from my mental list . Still love everybody . Mwauh . 
making a cd for a friend 
argh 
Dang used tire place closed on sunday . Trying to help my friend by picking her up from work and I caught a flat tire on the highway . Good thing i was by my exit and even better police help me change my tire . FB , thank God for people that know how to change a tire . Thank God was by the exit . 
Sleepy . Goodnite till whenever i wake back up . 
Cant say I didnt already know . So currently I am Under Construction . * resigned to being single * 
Happy Easter Everyone 
A new day today ! I thank God for it . Hows everyone today ? 
Still under construction . Lets just say the things I used to do , they gonna be put to a end . * resigned to being single * 
Please keep my fam in your prayers . Thanks . 
Good early Morning/late Night . Am up . Maybe i will finally go to the land of dreams . Turning my phone to silent for my friends that should know better but still attempt to call me before 12.30 pm/1pm . Duh . I be sleep finally . Dont be mad . Ttyl . Love yall . 
Sad day today . Pray for the Trotter family . 
Bored . Guess I will head to bed extra early today . Trying to change . I am still Under Construction . * resigned to being single * 
At the library 
at the library again . It is soooo much faster to download movies here than at home on my prepay services . 
