misses her baby soooooooo much !! 

just made amazing pineapple curry jasime rice !! jealous ?? 
( viral ) social experiment : if you read this , even if we don't speak often , please post a comment with a memory of you and me - anything you want , good or bad or silly or sad . When you're finished , post this paragraph as your own status ... you'll be surpri 
ATTENTION JERSEY PEOPLE !!!.......... Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow . You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4 . They will be euthanizing all animals without a home !!! Go & save a life !! 30 cats and 80 dogs left . please re-post ! 
Thanksgiving at our place !! We eat at 5:00 pm !! We would love to have you !! : ) 
on my way to 60 degrees and rainy . yay . 
Happy New Year kids . I'm just happy to be down to one layer . NYers ... My dress was sleeveless . Jealous ?? ; ) 
Nude . 
Been thinking about adopting a pet ?? Chihuahuas arrive at the Manhattan ASPCA Wednesday < PROPFIRST > 13th from 12-7pm . Chichis are the PERFECT city dog , so loyal , extremely loving , highly intelligent with tough new york personality . THEY ARE AMAZING !! 
Just gave < PROPFEMALE > a big piece of chicken out of my pasta , totally forgetting I just loaded it down with cayenne pepper !! She's still at her water bowl . Good lord , the gas that is to come while I'm sleeping ... ( I'm so sorry baby !! ) 
Hello everyone !! Those of you who are interested in my upcoming production , please send me your email so I can forward you some info !!... And I would just like everyone's email address anyway . xoxo : ) 
only the cool kids are on facebook at 12:30 on a saturday night . : ) 
This evening has taught me that when I'm angry , I flush ... bad . 
This evening has also taught me that New York has given me elephant balls . 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood , a beautiful day for a neighbor ... 
Why and HOW the shit are things on my profile changed ??!! Don't believe it . It's LIES !! 
What do you do when your best isn't good enough ?? 
Stupid facebook has to go and remove all favorite music , movies , books , etc . Ugh . It took awhile to fill that shit out . I'm not fixing it . And I guess I will no longer be judged on my interests . Good riddance . 
Today's thought for the day : \Compliment three people everyday . Insult four . \ " ~ A Cynic's Guide to a < PROPMALE > and Full Life " 
Thought for the day : \Help a child plant a garden . They have no idea what pot looks like . \"" 
Thought for the day : \Take a kid o the zoo . Then leave him thre . \"" 
caaan't sleeeep !! 
Thought for the day : \Dance like nobody's watching . Then apologize to those who were . \"" 
Ought oh . I think I'm a hoarder . 
Thought for the day : \Give confidence to others . Gain fifty pounds . \ " ~ The Cynic's Guide to a < PROPMALE > and Full Life " 
Thought for the day : Stay in shape . Pear Shape . ~ The Cynic's Guide 
why am i on facebook right now ?? I have to work like 125 hours this weekend ... drunk with energy ... ugh . 
Please say prayers for my baby dog , < PROPFEMALE > . She went to the vet for shots Wednesday and they found what was thought to be a bowel obstruction . Laxatives didn't work so they did er surgery & discovered it was in fact her kidney engorged w/ blood . The doctor opened her & her kidney burst right away . They don't know the cause or next step . She is staying at the vet's overnight . Please say some prayers , she needs it !! 
Best song ever ?? < PROPMALE > Rice's 9 Crimes- the demo version . It makes me cry ... I'm so weird . 
And evidentally women cooking steak for me turns me on ... or so I just told my friend . I'm beginning to think I have deeper issues than anticipated ... and they most likely stem from my unhealthy obsession with True Blood . Just saying . 
Alright kids , wish me broken bones . Commercial Agent audition tonight . Let's see how excited I can get about Doritos . 
Getting the baby's staples out today !! Thank you sooo much to everyone for their prayers and good juju . We love you !! Xoxo 
I cannot even wrap my head around the anti-Muslim bullshit that was just forwarded to me in an email . I am so ashamed of you !! 
My legs are killing me !! 
Off to sell little pieces of my soul to upper east siders and tourists .... Hey do me a favor , come by a bottle and later return it to the soho store . : ) 
there's so much amiss right now ... 
ooooooooooops . 
hehehehehehe 
<-------- hahaha , ya'll look . I may be a big ole lesbo , but that shit is just fucking hot !! 
Duuuude !! Not working the past few weeks paid off !! I got two auditions kids !! : ) 
Clearly I'm having issues with decisiveness . 
\Never refuse a homemade brownie . From < PROPFIRST > Chong . \ " ~ The Idiot's Guide to a < PROPMALE > and Full Life " 
How did the < PROPFEMALE>'s get to be the coolest gig in town ?? Screw < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , forget prestige and notariety . I want an < PROPFEMALE > !!... in the comedy category . : ) ( No really ... can someone please just put me on a sit com ... I promise I'll do good . ) 
Missin you boo . 
Let's go Red Sox !! Woot . 
Bravery isn't being without fear ; but rather being full of fear and choosing to face your life anyway . Swan dive even though you know you could very well break your neck ... or be laughed at , critisized , humilliated- that's just how shit gets done . ~ Just a little something a year in NY has taught me . : ) 
Blah Blah , Vampire Emergency , Blah . 
Ash : \I feel like people in this country are embarassed to know things . \ " \ 
\I think they missed an opportunity in not naming it ' spacastle ' . \"" 
Thought for the day : \Rub a dog's belly . De-claw a cat . \ " ~ The Cynic's Guide to a < PROPMALE > and Full Life " 
I was just told , \you have the best corpse face . \ " My night just got way better . : ) " 
Whiskey drunk . Whooooops . 
It's HBO Sunday at my hizzie . Boardwalk Empire , Bored to Death , and Eastbound and Down premiere !! Menu : Tilapia , veggies , and something I haven't decided on yet ... 
Ashley : \He has such a nice ass . I want to bite it . I mean 
Coheed and Cambria is touring with the Deftones !!!!!!!! ( I think I just peed a little . ) 
What some might say are my best qualities ( my optimism and unconditional compassion ) are quickly becoming the death of me . 
Heart Burrrrrrrn . ( There is no amount of Zantac in the world right now ... ) 
IT'S NATIONAL COMING OUT DAY !! : ) 
Me : I need to get my head out of the clouds and come back to reality . \ 
Ash : I see Reality at a party and I'm like , who the fuck are you ? I'm friends with your enemy , Imagination . And sometimes we all < PROPFEMALE > out with Delusion , too . 
Thought for the day : \Learn to fake enthusiasm . \ " ~ A Cynic's Guide to a < PROPMALE > and Full Life . \"" 
like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I learned about you by looking at your wall , 2 . The color you remind me of , 3 . My first memory of you , 4 . An animal you remind me of , 5 . Ask something I've always wanted to ask you , 6 . Give you a nickname , and 7 . Challenge you to make this your status 
\I would eat every vegetable that grows in the green earth if it was fucking fried . \ " ~ Ashley MuthaFuckin Chleeebus " 
I'm withdrawing my investments . Snip snip snip . 
I hate crying in this city . There's nowhere to hide . Ugh . 
Holy hangover Batman !! 
At < PROPFEMALE > Poisson Rouge !! Happy Halloweenie !! 
I have a detrimentally high bullshit tolerance . 
Kentucky Goblin Siege tonight at the Kraine under KGB Bar on 4th street @ 8pm !! You'll laugh ... a lot ... I promise !! : ) 
ouch . just OUCH . 
Holy Guacamole !! I actually went to bed at 10pm and woke up at 8am . Pretty sure that's the most normal thing I've ever done in my life !! 
1 day alone , 4 days with friends , 1 night alone , 4 days with girlfriend + friends , 1 second alone , 6 days with mother and grandmother with two full days of work in between , then IMMEDIATELY hop a bus to beantown , concert , 3 days with friends , 1day of work , then 1 week with friend , concert , work , thanksgiving , work , concert , die . 
Me : So Nanny , what do you want to do today ?? \ 
My 70 year old Grandmother : I need a new vibrator . I wore my old one out . I'm on horomones now . \ 
My mother : oh God mom !! 
Look what popped up on my Word of the Day :\ 
lexeme- noun LINGUISTICS roughly , the set of inflected forms taken by a single word , such as the lexeme “run” including as members “run” ( lemma ) , “running” ( inflected form ) , or “ran” , and excluding “runner” ( derived term ) . 
Oh good , I'm halucinating . 
Made it hookers !! First time back to Boston since I left 5 years ago . Weird . 
Gross . 
I don't think my ass and legs could hurt any worse from dancing so much !! 
Alright chickens , it's your last < PROPMALE > to see the incredible Kentucky Goblin Siege !! Tonight at 8pm at the Kraine Theatre , 85 E 4th street !! 
Come to Haven tonight !! 51st btwn 2nd and 3rd !! Happy Birtnhday < PROPFIRST > !! We looooove you !! 
I know I say I love a lot of things , and it's all very true and good , but I just gotta give a shout out to goat cheese . I love you goat cheese !! 
Nothin like a bag of new bras to make you feel all pretty and girly ... And broke as shit . 
I just asked a customer if they'd like to try the new Blueberry . I'm gonna go out on a limb and say I dont think waking up at 7am agrees with me . 
Thank you to the rude coworker for knocking by me so your fat ass could sit and eat your muffin and to the clueless idiot tourist for simultaneously knocking into me causing ridiculously hot coffee to blister my hand this morning . Just a heads up , when someone screams twice , right next to you , chances are YOU are doing something to cause te screaming . Turn the fuck around !! 
6 down , 7 hours to go . 
Who the hell told < PROPFEMALE > Gray to make a Christmas album ??!! 
Someone wanna explain to me the purpose of the areoles on the mannequins ?? Some don't have heads , but they sure as shit got a little more than high beams . 
\thank you guinea pigs . For always being up for anything . \ " Ha !! Sometimes I feel like a guinea pig . " 
Lexe : I wonder how much self control I actually have -- \ 
Ash : NONE !! 
Ahhhhahaha ... \your Jacksonville is showing !! \ " ~ Ash " 
Dear Mr. Hipster Dude with the ugly hat at Bloominghells : While I would prefer not to be subjected to your over the top PDA , staring at me from behind her shoulder while you're doing it only skeaves a lady out . Both times . 
\I got no money but I want your soul . \"" 
Claim your time slots NOW people !! Space is going fast !! ( I love you all so much and need to make sure I have time to see all of your beautiful faces while I'm here . ) 
It's amazing how much I can accomplish with a car in the suburbs . For instance , I flew in , borrowed the car , and did ALL my Xmas shopping in 3 hours ( on Dec . 23rd !! ) NY efficiency meets Jax ease and convenience . Wow . 
The freedom to pick your nose in traffic is something truly taken for granted when one doesnt drive in NY . 
Home Sweet Snowglobe . 
Gooo . Nnaaa . Vooom . Miiiit . ( Seriously though , can't wait to stop feeling fucking sick to my stomach . This is bullshit . ) 
\Pink < PROPMALE > makes me contemplate my own mortality . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > Chlebus " 
32 degrees never felt so good !! 
Just can't seem to shake this feeling . Someone come slap me out of it . 
It's nap time bitches !! 
I finally got my butt in the gym !!... And then went to the grocery store , which is unfortunately inconveniently located right next door . ( Damn I'm hungry . ) 
Just got tattooed !! 
Tattoos , interesting people , and opportunity give me the hiccups . 
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE pray for my sister < PROPFEMALE > RIGHT NOW !! Seriously , I don't care how you pray or even if you believe in God , PLEASE , I'm begging EVERYONE send a prayer up for her healing . She needs it NOW !! 
Off to the gym . Yes , that was indeed a pig that just flew by your window . 
And that would be the LAST time I go to the gym post audition in full face ... at 11pm . 
Today I learned not to go into the wine store right after the gym if your legs are still wobbly . When you start to fall over , they'll just think your drunk . 
So my sister is FINALLY home !! THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU to everyone who said prayers and sent good juju . We're not out of the woods yet . She's still in a lot of pain , but her lungs are much better . But your prayers have worked . I love you all sooo much . 
Got a callback for the Columbia thing hookers !! ( Evidently I CAN memorize and pull off two brand new monologues in less than 18 hours . Holy monkey balls Batman . ) Woot . And next Thursday , I've got a mini part in an independent film . Oh , and I'm doing make-up for the set , like 20something ladies . What the hell am I gonna do with all this responsibility ?? 
Lesson of the Day : ( yesterday's ) If it takes more than 20 minutes to dig out a crumbling cork from a bottle of wine , chances are that vomiting will soon follow consumption . Even if it's just a swivel and a sip . 
Lesson of the Day : ( Today's ) Just because it's the color of concealer , and it's shaped like concealer , doesn't mean it IS concealer . You could have just applied nude colored lip gloss to your entire face . \ 
( Which I did ... in public ... sitting in the waiting room at my GYNECOLOGIST'S ... getting pretty for my biopsy evidently . ) 
Eeek . Big day tomorrow . On set from 6am to 10pm . A little scared . Wait , what are my lines ? 
It hurts . It hurts . It hurts . I don't think we're 18 anymore Toto . 
Lesson of the day : Make sure you have the appropriate salad dressing BEFORE embarking on the creation of the greatest cob salad EVER . Cuz Lite Caesar just throws off the vibe . 
Blue < PROPFIRST > ... or more like black and blue < PROPFIRST > 
Callback for Othello !! Woot . : ) 
The best way to spend a Friday evening !! Such good food . Such a good show . SUCH a good friend . <3 
It's a wee bit disconcerting to wake up with your eyes swollen shut . I mean , how do you know you're not dreaming or going blind ?? 
