-- here comes 2000 , and the times they are a-changing . And if I'm still alive at two thousand and twenty-five , I'll be singing ... ( the century plant groooows ... ) 

percusses the vocals . 
will open up his folding chair next to you . 
is a proud contributor to CASA.org, and is ecstatic to be slowly making his presence known in the a cappella community . 
is neither profitable nor prophet-able . 
is trying to move out of his apartment , rehearse for/perform at a gig , and < PROPFEMALE > out with as many people as possible -- all before leaving for Japan on Sunday . 
left < PROPMALE > at 6:43 am Thursday and awoke in Okinawa at 6:30 am Saturday . Travel time from one O-town to another was about 22 hours . 
is about half-way through responding to all the awesome birthday wishes , but won't be able to get to the rest for some odd hours . I'm getting there , promise ! On a side note , < PROPFIRST > likes how Facebook knows everything , and is advertising to him in katakana and kanji ! 
wa boisu pakasshon desu . 
is going backwards through time . Sayonara , Okinawa . < PROPFEMALE > ne , < PROPFEMALE > pan . 
read in a newspaper that student loans ( both federal and private ) are nondischargable in bankruptcy , and is suddenly quite scared . 
-- A CAPPELLA AUDITIONS : SO NOTED AND CRESCENDUDES ! Love to sing or beatbox ? Come try out ! Auditions are this Wednesday ( 6-9pm ) , Thursday ( 6-9pm ) , and Friday ( 1-4pm ) in Colbourn Hall 204 . Check out our facebook event < PROPFEMALE > ! 
acknowledges that this might just be his hopeful ego talking , but he would really like to think that the writers of Glee knowingly gave the Crescendudes a shout-out on popular national television . 
had an insanely difficult time finalizing the Crescendudes ' roster . These past hours were not easy at all -- truly , thank you to all the guys that came out and auditioned . 
... euf ... a narrow win for a cappella is a win for a cappella , but still . Quite stressful . 
' s phone is AWOL . Sorry if you've been trying to reach him . 
is making progress with the trumpet and the electric guitar . What's that you ask ? Oh no , no ... he doesn't play those instruments . He is making progress in being those instruments . 
should have known that studying a span of Eastern < PROPMALE > history from 2600 BCE to 1988 CE would be easier ( and less strenuous ) while listening to ultra-smooth , lush , and insanely tight a cappella . Thanks Mosaic . 
-- Finale corrupted the song I was working on and it no longer opens ... merde . 
wants everyone to know that there's a very likable photography exhibit going up in the library right now . 
thinks that vegetarians should be able to photosynthesize , and does not care to think about the evolutionary logistics necessary to make that a reality . 
is officially a goner : he dreamt about a cappella last night . And he never remembers his dreams . SOJAM in less than a month ! 
-- day two of a cappella dreams . I have a less clear sense of what this dream was about , but I believe there were some sticky acapolitics involved . 
is so flippin ' happy with his dancers ! 
got a compliment on his French pronunciation/accent from a native French speaker ! 
is overdosing on the mundane and would greatly benefit from anything of depth -- any kind of anchor or stimuli to uproot and upend this automatous lifestyle . 
-- SCOOBY AND THE GANG JUST STORMED THE UCF LIBRARY . A nice little respite from a dreadful week ... 
is the last airbender . 
is inspired and validated , and seeing so many people who share his passion for a cappella makes him feel like he belongs . Thanks , SoJam . Also , his review is the featured article on CASA.org right now , so go check it out ! 
is incapable of sleep when all the doors of a cappella seem to be opening simultaneously . Seriously , whatever everyone qualifies it as -- fate , < PROPFEMALE > , divine plans of higher beings , kismet , coincidence -- it seems to be happening , and < PROPFIRST > is freaking out . Clear your schedules for mid February , everyone -- the details are unconfirmed , but something BIG is in store for the Crescendudes . Serendipity is abounding . 
feels like his RA interview went really well ( he name-dropped < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and his pwning floor decorations ) . Good luck to all the CAC RA candidates -- how cool would it be to have a CAC building next year ? 
is so grateful ( and , well , ecstatic as the first time ) to get such a kind shout-out from the always-stellar Mouth Off ! podcast , even if at the bafflement of < PROPMALE > Brown ! Thanks guys ! 
BOCA 2010 TRACK LIST ANNOUNCED ! 
went to Publix today to get some last-minute things for Thanksgiving , only to learn that when purchasing Land of Lakes butter , the register rings it up as \LOL Butter . \"" 
doesn't want ( no , he really doesn't want ) to be < PROPFIRST > Lithgow or < PROPFEMALE > Curtin . 
-- If ever there is a moment , a decipherable catalyst , an incision of divinity , etc ., let me know . I would very much like to witness it , to decry it in the style of the irascible inquirer , to exalt it and slake my meagerness upon it in the style of the venerable hermit . 
MET and AUDITIONED for several TOXIC AUDIO members ( original cast , baby ! ) and did not put two and two together until about thirty minutes ago . He is really freaking out right now , but is glad he did not know , otherwise he would have been exponentially more nervous . He can't believe ( though is extremely grateful ) that he got this opportunity through his French professor . 
is PUMPED for the biggest a cappella concert UCF has ever seen ! Jam-packed with four dynamic groups , this is the one you don't want to miss ! Only $3 for students and $5 for adults . Tomorrow night , COMM 101 , 7pm . Be there ! 
loves the Crescendudes with everything he has . 
is songwriting some a cappella goodness dans français . Gratifying ! 
thinks there were hits and misses with the opening night of Sing-Off ( both in production and performance ) , but is generally stoked beyond words that contemporary a cappella is getting this kind of coverage at all . Woohoo ! Oh , and in subsequent seasons ( please let there be subsequent non-mini-series seasons ! ) , how about finding anybody besides < PROPMALE > Lachey to host ? 
took down his previous status because he completely spoiled the results for somebody ! Sorry ! 
They should boot < PROPFEMALE > from Sing Off and replace her with < PROPFEMALE > Bareilles . < PROPFEMALE > fills the role of relevant female in pop-music , and was a member of a great collegiate a cappella group ( UCLA Awaken A Cappella ! ) . Her hit song \Gravity\ " was originally recorded with Awaken in 2003 on \ " Dysfunctional Family Album . \ " Those qualifications alone give me more blind confidence in her judging than < PROPFEMALE>'s . " 
Hey Shawn -- please don't tell < PROPFEMALE > that a cappella is \with no music . \ " That's just plain incorrect . " 
-- NO , Voices of < PROPFIRST > , \aaaah\ " does not make for a good snare sound ! " 
is a dairy vs . non-dairy smackdown ( i.e. , a serving of cottage cheese with some soy milk ) at 3:23 am . In other news , this is < PROPFIRST>'s first non a cappella related status since November 30th . Oh wait , now it's a cappella related ... 
is excited to see < PROPFIRST > McFerrin's performance on the Sing Off finale tonight ! 
is following all of the Sing Off live-blogging during commercials . Just in case you were wondering . 
I'm sorry , Nota . Love you guys , but your \Lean on Me\ " doesn't hold a candle to Mosaic's . " 
-- observations on Sing-Off , below ! 
WHY ARE ALL THOSE PEOPLE LIVING MY IMPROV-WITH-BOBBY-MCFERRIN DREAM WITHOUT ME ? I believe that is the first time I've written an entire sentence in all caps . It's that amazing . After Sing Off , I'm listening to < PROPFIRST > McFerrin for HOURS . 
-- connections/training came and went in a flurry . Now for door tags , bulletin boards , newsletters--it's all so official now ! I'm the newbie RA at Apollo ! 
would like to know if anyone is taking the 3300 level French Grammar course , and if so , where/when it is . There's no trace of it on myUCF ! 
Hey residents -- having trouble affording all these really expensive textbooks ? You can get a shor t-t erm advance up to $600 from the financial aid office in Milican . Also , check out chegg.com: you can rent your textbooks for the semester at a much lower cost than buying . 
Hey residents ( okay , UCF students in general ): the Blue Man Group is performing at half time of tonight's basketball game -- get in for free at 8pm with your student ID ! 
Hey residents--I'll be going around asking you to sign occupancy checks . Make sure to sign by Tuesday -- if you want , you can drop me a line here to let me know when I can reach you . Other than that , have a good weekend , everybody ! 
Residents ! Need those occupancy checks by 2pm today -- hit me up if you haven't signed yet ! 
wants to go to the URSA I <3 the 80's party tonight . Who wants to come with ? 
hopes that all his friends get the RA positions they're applying for , and is giving a shout out to < PROPFIRST > Schon because he deserves one ! Good luck everyone , can't wait to hear some good news ! 
' s most wanted items to be released in 2010 : < PROPMALE > Thompson's \Habibi\ " and Tally Hall's second studio album . What are yours ? " 
needs a poetry buddy/group/outlet . 
-- anybody awake with a case of the late night munchies ? I could definitely go for some food and company . 
-- did someone text my landline ? If so , it's better to just call it , or call/text my cell . 
Hey residents -- not a morning person ? Reclaim breakfast ! ALAC Midnight Breakfast tonight at 11:59 pm in the Libra Community Center . A group will be meeting at the Apollo Courtyard at 11:50 pm to walk over together . 
< PROPFEMALE > , “toi petit cœur , hérisson acéré : fort , serre-moi fort . “ 
I guess it's not a day and age where JD Salinger's death can get as many facebook status dedications as < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s . 
likes to take advantage of the bourgeoisie . 
finally got around to posting his doppleganger pic . 
thanks everybody who came out to movie night ! How'd you like this week's pick ? 
baow jhey nh wah nih kuh baow jh nah nh nah nh nah nh ! 
has misplaced his phone again , so sorry if you've tried to reach him that way recently ! 
still has no phone ! In other news , doesn't actually have duty today , so who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out and watch the Olympics ? ( cough < PROPFIRST > Emlet cough ) . 
can't believe the concert with VoiceMale is tomorrow ! You really can't afford to miss this if you are a student at UCF -- TOMORROW , 7pm , Comm 101 , $3 for students and $5 for adults . 
is performing with the Crescendudes and Brandeis VoiceMale TONIGHT ! You don't want to miss the Brandeis VoiceMale/UCF Crescendudes Concert ! 7pm in COMM 101 ! 
, after a blunt reminder of how deeply he cares about a cappella , has just submitted his audition request to Hyannis Sound . Baby steps towards that career in a cappella , my friends . 
wishes Margaux Ring and < PROPFEMALE > Zavada the best of luck for tonight ! You lovely ladies will storm the competition ! 
< PROPMALE > Hare and < PROPFIRST > Boitano skating together at the tender age of 9 years old ? What will the Cosmic Compendium of Coincidences think of next ? 
is dealing Texas Hold ' Em at ALAC's Casino Knight tonight ! 7pm in the LCC -- play some poker , win some chocolate poker chips , have a < PROPMALE > at free and awesome PRIZES , and of course FREE FOOD and LINK LOOT ! Should be a blast ! 
transient 
Sorry , Canada ! Time for some fresh ice and OT !!! 
CANADAAARRRGGGHHH . 
is such a sap , and is glad that Catriona < PROPFEMALE > May Doan finally got to light her part of the Olympic Cauldron . 
argh . 
Loveydovey < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , gnawing on nostalgic hooey -- is it all one big booby-trapping all our minds ? Away , away , there is a prison where pathos paves a dull incision . I'd rather root canal a vision and undermine the grind . I'll find my way around it ... 
Lorsque je vous vois , je tressaille . C'est < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > et c'est mon souci . 
missed the boat . 
SB ? Spring Break . SB = Sick Bed . 
has a cappella on the brain ( naturally ) . He also wonders if he can set a personal speed record with this arrangement and still be content with it . 
Haha ... whichever Crescendude ends up with this rhythmic guitar line is going to despise me ! ;P Happily plugging away 4 measures at a time ... 
Who wants to celebrate Pi Day with me this Sunday ? 
Eek ... is an audition in Middleton , Massachusetts in these coming weeks feasible ? 
is going to Massachusetts a week from tomorrow ! 
Oy . Where are my Pi Day peeps ? We've got like 59 minutes to rendezvous . 
Pi Day + Pokémon = Pikémon Day ! 
has never had a pandora.com station get it so wrong -- wonder why the ' genome ' picked less prevalent traits . 
is mentally distracted and diverted . 
Scrabble Slam ! 
insomnia insomuch that somnambulating smears into insomnambulating inasmuch as somber sophism insists 
thinks he's going to Boston . 
Yesterday : I had a 1-on-1 improv jam session with < PROPFIRST > Mcferrin ( he sang , I danced ) which ended in deafening applause from the patrons of the sold-out Boston Symphony Orchestra symphony hall . Unbridled and blistering happiness . Easily one of the best days of my life . 
is done with a weekend of a cappella recording ! After two straight aca-intense weekends , the school week seems kind of mundane . 
< PROPFEMALE > Winners were announced ! And no , that's not an April Fool's! 
took a stray < PROPFEMALE > that floated into his head at 11pm and finished composing a song around it at 4am . It's his first completed original composition . It's simple , short , and silly , but it's also a viable marketing tool which he predicts will be lucrative in the following weeks . Awesome feeling . 
is awake after napping since 9:30 and is not sure if he should try to sleep again or go venture into the world for food . 
does anyone have a video camera he can borrow ? If not , maybe a webcam and a USB microphone ? 
* If anyone has an experience as an usher/golf-cart driver for the UCF Theatre department , is available tomorrow night at 7pm , and is willing to do me an IMMENSE favor , PLEASE contact me as soon as possible . * 
is paying $15 for one hour of easy work tonight at 7pm . You must have experience as an usher for the UCF theatre department and have worked with < PROPFEMALE > Rahman . Ushers trained to use the golf-carts are preferred . 
Aquaticappella Fest ! is tonight !!! 7pm in ENG2 102 , $3 for students and $5 for adults . With 4 a cappella groups and a special guest artist performance , this is the biggest a cappella concert UCF has ever seen ! 
is SO PROUD of Gemini Blvd ., KeyHarmony , and So Noted , and is DISGUSTINGLY PROUD of his Crescendudes ! That was by far the best concert CAC has ever put on ! < PROPMALE > thanks to Makeshift as well for making the night even more special ! 
Are there really no videos of the Crescendudes from the concert ? Seriously ? 
is compulsively checking his email . 
, though he did not win RA Survivor , is proud to have survived un-clipped ! 
is officially interning with OVERBOARD this summer ! ; LKDJFOIeasdewnbwnwflknSDO A summer of professional Bostonian a cappellaaaaaaaaaaaaaHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!! What is this nonsense ?! 
Mr. Donne : No man is an island because man is too concretely corporeal to abide by a self-prescriptive metaphor for any worthwhile amount of time , not because of collectivist optimism that creates a rapport with communal mortality . Man is not an island , but man sure can be insular . 
is on the campaign trail ! You should Vote for Crescendudes to win the I Love UCF Contest ! 
wants to thank everybody who already voted for the Crescendudes ! The poll is currently closed because there are investigations into an unseemly amount of false-votes . I'll keep you all updated as things progress ! 
really wishes he could have been at the ICCA finals last night to see SoCal VoCals take down another championship title . 
is broadcasting that there's less than 24 hours left to Vote for Crescendudes to win the I Love UCF Contest ! Keep up the support Floridian voters , we're almost there ! 
Less than 5 hours left ! Keep voting for the Crescendudes to win ! http://www.ucfsga.com/?p=poll 
profusely thanks everybody who supported the Crescendudes in their quest to win the I Love UCF Contest ! Though the poll ended on Wednesday , we are still waiting to hear the official results . No matter the outcome , thanks again to all our family , friends , and supporters ! 
Still on campus ? Come to Gemini Blvd . Presents : A Cappella Extravaganza ! 7pm @ Brooklyn Pizza in Ferrell Commons -- what better way to end the semester than an evening of a cappella ? 
sickness singing for the loss 
dislikes moving . 
has very infrequent access to the internet right now . If you need him , give him a call/text ! 
enjoys driving through Oviedo . Why ? While waiting at a red light , a chicken literally crossed the road in front of his car . Why ? He's not sure . 
has a lot of people he needs to see before leaving next Saturday for Boston , and is running out of time ! Will be out of town on Wednesday and Thursday ( and potentially Tuesday ? ) . Drop me a line here , since I am currently unsure of my phone charger's whereabouts amongst all my packed stuff ... 
Tomorrow : flying to Boston for my internship . Sunday : first gig ! Let the aca-summer commence ! 
If you're going to be in Boston in June and I haven't already invited you , let me know so that I can invite you to Acapocalypse 2010 ! With Overboard , Duwende , Five O'Clock Shadow , and Mr. < PROPMALE > , this show will blow you away ! 
gig #2 
Hey , there's a humanitarian chain-status-thing circulating . I can support benevolence . \ 
\ 
If you \like\ " this status 
Madrox is easily one of the roundest characters in super-hero comics that I've come across . The X-Factor revamp has some meh arcs , but overall is extremely good . 
made tofu stir-fried in soy sauce and sesame oil with sugar-snap peas and brown rice for lunch . Yummm . 
the thought of poetry has kept me awake 
Acapocalypse 2010 tonight ! 
Is there another dumb submarine ? 
Did everybody say what a good day that it was for everybody who said what a good day that it was ? 
is scoping out a huge amount of quirky and/or raucous guy-centric bands in preparation for his return to the ' dudes . 
In Soviet Russia , Independence celebrates YOU ! 
Probably the last to see it , but Google's logo today is an interactive patriotic Rube Goldberg machine ! That's just nifty . 
My feet don't glide like they did back then , when I would call you up so we could shoot the moon -- these days I'm left to howl in tune . 
Whoa ... RARB and CASA integrated . Whoa . 
crunchy carrots and crunchy chords 
Red quinoa + portabella + black beans = very tasty , highly nutritive , but just a degree shy of being too < PROPMALE > and earthy . 
, on this last day of the world cup , got to sing the national anthem ( with Overboard ) for the Boston Breakers ( Boston's team in the Women's Professional Soccer league ) and watch their victorious game against the Atlanta Beat thereafter . Couldn't help but think of the awesome < PROPFEMALE > Martinez ! 
RIP < PROPMALE > Pekar . 
There once was a trip to Nantucket\ 
( to which Overboard ferried by bucket ); \ 
though the bucket's a joke , \ 
the same can be spoke\ 
of the infamous man from Nantucket . 
Nantucket was a blast , topped off by seeing Hyannis Sound for the first time . Now back in the world of internet connection and beds . 
Overheard at a Marriott Suites this morning : \It's cheering poop ! It smells like poop ! It must be cheerleader poop ! \"" 
is a week's worth of enervation . 
If we were honest and both wrote a sonnet together ( a sandwich with everything on it ) , at least we would know that the sparks didn't glow , but we owe it to ourselves to try so we aim and ignite . 
Hm ... a failed escape artist with a penchant for Segways . I am now convinced that < PROPFIRST > Bieber is actually Gob Bluth . A horribly disfigured and/or time-travelling Gob Bluth . 
does not have a working phone until his charger comes in the mail . Email/facebook if you need anything . 
[ still no phone ] . Been slaving over a hot finale for the past few days . Phew ! 
is averaging a finished arrangement every other day ! Hope to keep this pace at least until I fly back on Sunday . 
Ugh . Why does Finale's playback have to be glitchy ? Finale may be asking me to give it a breather ... 
just came back from his last Overboard gig . Saaaaaaad . 
in this vichyssoise ... such a vichyssoise . 
I am totally floored by how many people wished me a happy birthday . I am truly , truly appreciative , and it was a happy day indeed . On to the individual responses ! 
discovered his go-to spot for hacky sacking at night . 
has got the keys to make himself a caravan to Mars . 
fingerpaint ocelot 
Residents ! 
< PROPFEMALE > mihi pacem 
Why is UCF telling me its name when pronounced backwards and phonetically ? 
loves CAC ! 
needs companions to see the following movies : Toy Story 3 , < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim , and Inception . 
Quick everybody : what's your favorite blog on the net ( that has some practical and informative application) ? 
ROOM RESERVATIONS ! Auditions are good to go . 
Day 2 of auditions ! 
? Are you just worried to see me ? ? 
NEW CRESCENDUDES ! 
Whoa , it's a good day to be a < PROPFEMALE > ! Happy birthday to two great gals , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Sagardia ! 
it fills my head up and gets louder 
Is there no middle ground between inundation and insulation ? 
Ugh . \Manspeak\ " and \ " womanspeak . \ " These buzz words seem counter-productive and overly typifying to me . " 
worn out in Juarez 
Decorating the office ... with the office ? < PROPFIRST > gets a little < PROPFEMALE > ( and a little third-person ) when sleep deprived . 
bored 
still needs to brawl < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Reilova ... 
malaise 
The gents of Overboard continue to be the coolest cats in a cappella . Reason 375 : FREE TRACK TUESDAY . You're missing out if you don't take advantage of this weekly awesomeness . 
It's the end of the world , la da di da da da da da . I'm innocent , I'm innocent -- keep me out of this , keep me out of this , keep me out of this , keep me out of this . 
Crescendudes make me so happy/proud/excited despite these malaise days . Also , < PROPFIRST > Vastola is a praiseworthy and upstanding gentleman . 
' s inner French Hornist is very unhappy , apparently . His dream last night ended with him holding a horn that was significantly rusted over , mournfully unfolding the < PROPFEMALE > that was as brittle as aluminum and bent in 50 ways . 
These are the days of static impuissance . Where is the substance , the candor , the < PROPFEMALE > of being ? 
fornicate this 
Capitalism was never meant to be an educator . 
The first of many oncoming blows . Let it go with dignity . 
So ... anyone want to go on an excursion to Lake < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ? I'll buy you lunch ! 
they're going to love my baby tonight when they're under the spotlahdahdeedee 
is the blue-tape bandito . 
AHHH . The new Jukebox album is so very good . Good luck , other musicians , getting any playtime in my headphones for the foreseeable future . 
Effin ' awesome rehearsal with the ' dudes . 
on joue , on plonge 
doesn't remember anything about his dream last night except that there was some focus on French grammar . Geez ... 
is gay . Shock or lackthereof ensues , as does life . Happy National Coming Out Day , everyone . 
Holy crap , people are awesome . Yes , that's you . 
Any Crescendudes want to come with me to the party tonight ? 
thinks the Crescendudes should do something fun tonight ( i.e. , after 4:45 pm ) . Volleyball ? Food ? Hijinx and calamity ? Hit me up ! 
I am so relieved that my French debate is over ... 
so let us create what we need each other to be 
can we please abolish the perfunctory 
wants to have real dialogue . 
is without phone until tomorrow afternoon at the earliest . 
So ... anyone want to take me to the Golf Channel station tomorrow ( downtown-ish < PROPMALE > ) ? Need to get my phone from mom . I will buy you lunch ! 
Come see the Crescendudes perform today at 3:15 on the free speech lawn between the library and MAP ! Or , come to the Crescendudes Performance at Tent City tomorrow at Memory Mall ! 
Proud of the ' dudes , as usual . 
SoJam was simply excellent . Much love to the a cappella community , to reunions , to CAC , and especially to the ' dudes . 
is doing research into purchasing a loop pedal ( for use in solo live vocal performance ) . Right now I'm favoring the Digitech JamMan over the Boss RC-20XL . Gearheads , what else do I need for a set-up ? Trying to keep it small and relatively inexpensive . Obviously need a mic ( probly shure sm58 ) and a main ... and I assume a monitor ? Is a soundboard necessary if I'm just going straight pedal ? 
Strolled around in a crisp 57° while singing copiously , communing with raccoons , playing hacky sack , and dancing barefoot until being spotted by the popo , at which point I offered a friendly wave and a ' hello , sir ' before returning to my room . I love late night excursions across a deserted UCF campus . Anyone want to join next time ? 
So ... I composed an original song . In French . Currently practicing it since I am not accustomed to being proficient at the keyboard , but it still is a nice feeling . Makes me want to churn out more . 
You need to come to Contemporary A Cappella at UCF's Winter Concert today in HEC 125 at 6pm . End of story . 
U ... C ... F ... KNIGHTS . U . C . F . KNIGHTS . goooOOOO KNIGHTS . 
So ... someone needs to go with me to the fun . concert this Thursday at the Social . Tickets are like $15 . 
is apparently poisonous to Sing-Off groups , haha . 
J’ai bavardé avec < PROPMALE > quatre cavaliers . Je n’ai demandé pas leurs noms , mais j’ai offert < PROPMALE > avoines aux leurs chevaux . Ils avaient l’air de plein de regrets , mais leur démarche était < PROPFEMALE > miracle intransigeant . On a chanté des beaux mensonges , mais après ça ils me sont partis simplement . 
is a fool for a lonesome train . 
Is anyone going to the Fun concert tonight at The Social ( 7pm ) and willing/able to give me a ride ? Or , for anyone not going , can I bribe you into being my ride for the evening ? Seriously , I am willing to part with some money for a chauffeur this evening . 
is getting a big group of people to go see < PROPMALE > Potter 7 tonight at Regal ( in Waterford ) at 7:40 pm . We'll most likely get dinner beforehand and < PROPFEMALE > out afterwards . Let me know if you're interested in any part of the festivities ! 
ain't never seen nobody turn errands into < PROPMALE > ; that frumpy chinese girl sure pulls a mean green c < PROPMALE > ! 
