Well 2010 was great but all good things must come to an end ... let's make 2011 even better ! =) 

Bday bonfire at Hunting Beach , right off of Beach blvd ! $15 for parking or you can park on the street and use a meter ! Text me for the lifeguard tower we'll be closest too ! Oh and bring something to sit on ! Bring wood if ya like or something to munch on but once we get there we'll head into town to get last minutes supplies ! Damn I feel like I'm forgetting something ... 
Thank you everyone for your bday wishes !! I really appreciate them and if we didn't get to celebrate together ... then we will soon ;) 
Survived the camping trip ... and I'm so ready for the next ! =) 
I want to get chocolate wasted ! 
Needs to go watch Inception 
So we barely survived the camping trip ... but are we going to survive the Vegas trip ?? Tune in next time to see the season finale of your favorite real life soap opera - The Drunk and the Restless ;) 
Wow ... 2 of us threw our backs out ! ( which means we're effing old ) Looks like Vegas is a no go for us =( 
You may like it on the floor , table , or couch but you're gonna forget where you left it like you always do ! 
Needs the beach , the breeze , and the bonfire ! 
6 < PROPFEMALE > paper in 2 hours ... new personal record =) 
2 hours and 30 mins at the dmv today ... and I have to go back tomorrow . FML 
Monopoly , Taboo , Balderdash , Buzz Word , Apples to Apples , and Cranium ... planning a game night ! The Undefeated Guys vs the Sorry Girls round 4 ;) 
game night's cancelled , sorry everyone . 
can't sleep , clowns will eat me ... 
Attention football players ! Turkey Bowl @ San Dimas High - 8am ... which is about an hour away . Bring some cleats and get banged , we're tackling today . No Pads ! 
Christmas season is my favorite time of the year ;) 
Woke up early to have breakfast with a friend and run errands ... now I'm free all day with nothing to do ! Any suggestions ?? 
Homework turned into one Facebook Quiz after another ... okay , time to get back on track -_- 
I think I broke my foot ... again X_X . Please please be wrong ... I don't want to wear another cast for as long as I live !!! 
I'm tired , but I have class later ... but I'm tired !! x_x 
Just finished Click and now I'm watching Toy Story 3 ! Now all I need is some snickers and my super movie catch up weekend will be complete ;) 
The Mechanic , Click , Toy Story 3 , Due Date , It's Kind of a Funny Story have been taken care of ... so super movie catch up weekend is going well . I still have Killers , Centurion , < PROPFIRST > St. Cloud , Date Night , Dinner For Schmucks , Faster , Life as We Know It , and The Eagle left ! Man I'm totally gonna need some more hot chocolate ... 
\What a night for a dance 
\February stars\ 
Oreos and peanut butter ... more grand than gold and silver ;) 
My fellow Californians , in the war between In-N-Out and Five Guys , I have finally chosen a side ! I'm sorry everyone but I'm with Five Guys . Now it's time to enjoy my food coma ;) 
Beach day/bonfire night tomorrow ! Let's enjoy this awesome weather at Huntington Beach yeah ?? 
