Really can't wait for this week to be over and get back to my regular schedule for work . Hope that everyone has a great day . THANKS !! < PROPFEMALE > for wanting to be my friend , you and your family are AWESOME !!! 

Kind of a rough day at home this morning . I fell or I should say I slid down my 3 steps where my washer is . Stepped on a round piece of wood with my right foot and as I slid down my left leg went underneath me . Can anyone say OUCH !!!!!! will give it a couple of days and if not better , will go to the doctor . Hope your day was better . 
took it easy today . The knee is feeling better . Brother is healing very well and NO SURGERY , THANK YOU , LORD !!! 
will be taking care of 1 dog and 2 cats starting today and ending Monday at my Brother and Sister-in-laws trailer . Can anyone say ...... YIPPPEEEE !!! 
Is feeling sad because she is missing her big brother , < PROPFIRST > who passed away yesterday morning , but knowing he is in loving care with his mom and most of all with Jesus who loves him more than I . 
I just want to say I LOVE JESUS !!!!! He is so awesome . Here I am with no job and I am not collecting any unemployment or taking from my < PROPFIRST > and Jesus is supplying everything I need . I trust in you Lord Jesus alone . HE IS my ALL IN ALL . Thank You Lord Jesus you ARE so AWESOME !!!! 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . So love the people who treat you right . Pray for the ones who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . God never said life would be easy . He just promised it would be worth it . Post to your wall if you agree !!! 
If your Mom is your hero , your best friend or\ 
just the best mother ever , whether you are blessed to have your Mom\ 
still with you , or if she is an Angel in Heaven , copy and paste this\ 
into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom \ 
and love her dearly .? I love you Mom !!! ? ? 
I want to say HAPPY MOTHERS DAY 
True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship , and pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ REPOSTif you are blessed enough to have at least one . 
I want to say HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my big Bro Kev \Bear\ " he would have been 52 . From this year on He will celebrate his birthday with Jesus and the rest of Heaven . I Love You \ " Big Bear\ " .... and I miss you very much ..... especially that chuckle and grin .... " 
In honor of my Dad who served in the Vietnam War 1968-1969 . He served in the ARMY for about 22 years . I LOVE YOU DAD , YOU ARE THE BEST . And THANK YOU !! to ALL who have and who still are serving and fighting for the FREEDOMS of this Great Country of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > . GOD BLESS YOU ALL !! 
My soul finds rest in God alone ; my salvation comes from Him . He alone is my rock and my salvation ; He is my fortress , I will never be shaken . Proverbs 62:1 
Give ear to my words , O Lord , consider my sighing . Listen to my cry for help , my < PROPMALE > and my God , for to you I pray . In the morning I lay my requests before you and wait in expectation . Psalm 5:1 -3 
Got a call today for a contract job prospect from APAX Systems for Bemis Company here in Oshkosh for Helpdesk work ; $15.00 hr and will start mid-July thru Oct/Nov . PRAISE the LORD !!! Please pray I get this job ; that the LORD will equip me with the necessary skills . That I will learn quickly ; be able to retain what they teach me . That this may turn into a FT job if it's God's will for me . GOD is Awesome !!!! THANK YOU ! 
You can know the Bible cover to cover , but if you don't live it ; then you don't really believe it . 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . \ 
So He put his arms around you and whispered \come to me\ " . \ 
My JESUS , My SAVIOR , LORD there is none like YOU . All of my days , I want to praise , the wonders of YOUR MIGHTY LOVE ! Shout to the LORD all the earth let us sing , POWER and MAJESTY , PRAISE to the < PROPMALE > ; mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of YOUR NAME . I sing for JOY at the work of YOUR hands , forever I'll LOVE YOU , forever I'll stand , NOTHING compares to the PROMISE I have in YOU ! 
My chains are gone ; I've been set free , my GOD ; my SAVIOR has ransomed me and like a flood HIS MERCY reigns ; unending LOVE ; AMAZING GRACE . 
If I came with a warning label ... What would it say ? ... Be honest and\ 
if you're brave post this as your status and see what people say about \ 
you ! 
Commit your way to the LORD ; trust in HIM , and HE will act . Psalm 37:5 
Do not accept a\ 
friend request from a < PROPFIRST > BUTTERFIELD and < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTINA\ 
SMITH they are hackers . Tell every 1 on your list because if somebody\ 
on your list adds them , they'll be on your list too . He'll figure out\ 
your computer's ID and address , so copy & paste ..... I just received\ 
...... this warning .. See MoreSee More 
LIFE and DEATH are in the POWER of the TONGUE , and those who LOVE it will eat it's FRUIT . Proverbs 18:21 
If you have a mom who has/had made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged \ 
you tight , watched you succeed and , saw you fail , cheered you on and \ 
kept you strong , put this as you status if you love your mommy ! :) I love you mom ! 
I pray that the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ will give you the Spirit of Wisdom and Revelation in the Knowledge of HIM . Ephesians 1:17 
You do not have because you do not ask . You ask and don't receive because you ask wrongly , so that you may spend it on your desires for pleasure . < PROPFIRST > 4:2 b-3 
And be kind and compassionate to one another , forgiving one another , just as God also forgave you in Christ . Ephesians 4:32 
Ephesians 6:13 -18 . Needs to be done everyday to be prepared for the day . God Bless everyone , and make it a terriffic day today . Make sure you go and Hug someone today , you never know , it just may be what they needed . 
I am sure of this , that HE who started a good work in you will < PROPFEMALE > it on to completion until the day of CHRIST JESUS . Philippians 1:6 
If I ride the wings of the morning , if I dwell by the farthest oceans , even there your hand will guide me , and your strength will support me . Psalm 139:9 -10 
7 years ago , yesterday my Wonderful and Beautiful Mother went to Heaven to be with Jesus . Even though I miss her so much still , I will see her again and we'll have lots to talk about . I look forward to that day , so I choose not to be sad because of what lies before me . See you later Mom ; I Love You !!!! 
I have the GREATEST 
I have the GREATEST DAD ever !!!!! He just gave me a really cool looking printer and brand new hardly used . Now I can print !!!! YEAH !!!! YIPPPEEEE !!!!! I give THANKS to GOD for my Dad , for giving him such a GENEROUS Heart !!!! I LOVE YOU , DAD !!!!! 
IT'S BROTHER'SWEEK ... If you have A brother who has made you \ 
laugh .. Pulled your hair .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Tickled your\ 
feet .. Hugged you .. Watched you succeed .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back \ 
up .. Cheered you on .. Made you strong .. Made you cry .... Can't do without . \ 
Copy and paste ! Love Ya ! Kev and < PROPMALE > !!! 
Ephesians 4:2 -7 
If your Dad is , or was , your hero , your best friend , or just the best Dad ever ; whether you're blessed to still have your Dad with you , or if he is an angel in heaven .... copy and paste this for your status and leteveryone know how proud you are of your Dad , and that you love him dearly -- forever and always I love you dad and when you leave me i will know that you are always right next to me ? 
Children with special needs only want what we all want ; to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week and this is in honor of all children - made in a unique way and who learn a little ... differently 
My mom has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , seen me fall , cheered me on , kept me going strong , and drove me crazy at times ... Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you love your mom , whether she's here with you , or in Heaven 
THANK YOU !! So much for all the Birthday Wishes . I am so blessed with The Greatest Family and Friends anyone could ever have . May God Bless all of you this day and everyday . 
THANK YOU JESUS for this year ; for being my Strength when I was weak ; I could not have made it without YOU !! \ 
TO ALL my Family and Friends : I pray that you and your loved ones will have a VERY < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas and also to have the BEST of New Years . GOD Bless !!! 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . The Bible says , if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father . This is a simple test . If you love God and are not afraid to show it , re-post this , I did . 
There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age , family member's names . Remove yourself by searching your name , find your < PROPFEMALE > , copy the URL then go to the bottom right of the < PROPFEMALE > & click on the Privacy link to remove yourself . Copy & re-post so your FB friends are aware 
A bit freaky ( someone posted it @ WJAC News ): EVERYONE'S PHONE < PROPFIRST > ARE NOW ON FACEBOOK !! Cell #'s too ! Go to top right of your screen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go to left side of your screen , click Phonebook . Everyone's phone < PROPFIRST > are now published . Please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can remove their < PROPFIRST > . ( Privacy Settings-Phone-Customize-Only ME 
< PROPFIRST > 3:17 : For God did not send the Son into the world in order to judge the world , but that the world might find salvation and be made safe and sound through Him . ( amplified version ) . Thank You , Jesus for accepting me as I am and showing me how to accept others as they are . 
< PROPFIRST > 4:14 : But whoever takes a drink of the water that I ( Jesus ) will give him , shall never , no never , be thirsty any more . But the water that I ( Jesus ) will give him shall become a spring of water welling up within him unto eternal life . ( amplified Bible ) . 
< PROPFIRST > 6:35 : Jesus replied , I am the Bread of Life . He who comes to Me will never be hungry , and he who believes in and cleaves to and trusts in and relies on Me will never thirst any more . ( amplified Bible ) . Amen and Amen . 
< PROPFIRST > 8:10 -11 : When Jesus raised Himself up , He said to her , Woman where are your accusers ? Has no man condemned you ? She answered no one , Lord ! And Jesus said , I do not condemn you either . Go on your way and from now on sin no more . ( amplified Bible ) Thank You , Jesus !!! for your forgiveness !!! 
< PROPFIRST > 10:9 -10 : I am the Door ; anyone who enters in through Me will be saved . He will come in and he will go out and will find pasture . The thief comes only in order to steal and kill and destroy . I came that they may have and enjoy life , and have it in abundance . ( amplified Bible ) Don't let the enemy steal your JOY !!! 
< PROPFIRST > 11:25 -26 : Jesus said to her , I am the Resurrection and the Life . Whoever believes in Me , although he may die , yet he shall live ; And whoever continues to live and believes in Me shall never die at all . Do you believe this ? ( amplified Bible ) Yes , I believe and Thank You , Jesus ... My hope is in You Lord !!! 
Psalm 27:1 : The Lord is my Light and my Salvation -- whom shall I fear or dread ? The Lord is the Refuge and Stonghold of my life -- of whom shall I be afraid ? ( amplified Bible ) 
Psalm 21:6 -7 : For You make him to be blessed and a blessing forever ; You make him exceedingly glad with the joy of Your presence . For the < PROPMALE > trusts , relies on , and is confident in the Lord , and through the mercy and steadfast love of the Most High he will never be moved . ( amplified Bible ) How Awesome our God is !!!! 
In honor of MS awareness week , March 7th-13th , 2011 , please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has Multiple Sclerosis ( MS ) . I know my friends will . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Do it in honor of those fighting MS\ 
LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸PRAYER WAVE¸ . ·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . Going out to all those affected in the Pacific and everywhere else affected by the earthquake and tsunami . Keep this going ??? 
BUT YOU DON'T LOOK SICK .???! ~ It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness : Scleroderma , Heart Failure , Lupus , Fibromyalgia , Chronic Fatigue , APS , Diabetes , Crohns , Colitis , Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , MS , Depression , Bipolar , among Others .. 
Wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms ... I have you in my heart ~ Re-post if you love someone in heaven 
When the wicked come to power , people hide , but when they are destroyed , the righteous flourish . Proverbs 28:28 ( apologetics Bible ) 
