I almost fell down the five stairs in this house . Something like that always happens when all I am trying to do is be quiet ! 

OH , the cute little accordion bug . 
If anyone sees me going to eat any more choclate , tackle me . 
We can go home today ! :) That will be soooo nice . 
I SO LOVE ! my new car ! I made it all the way up with zero worries !! :) 
This new CD is going to be the best ever ! 
Oh those darn clingy people . 
I am SOOOO excited for March of next year !!! < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland is coming out !! 
Made it to Salt Lake without falling asleep !! Also ... job interview ? 
Going to see Iron and Wine tonight !! I wish I knew my way around better . 
Iron and Wine last night ... very odd that Mr. Beam reminds me of < PROPMALE > . 
I got the job !! 
Two last days in a row ... Kinda sad . :( But yesterday was fun ! 
Hanging out , waiting for someone to give me directions to where I need to be . Or to my new house , either one . 
OH , weddings . 
It is impossible to fit a whole aparment's worth of stuff into one bedroom ! Obviously , but still ... 
You know , I really don't like having the day off . 
Work party or no work party ? 
It's like we are rekindling our childhood ! 
I am pretty excited for the show tonight ! 
Needs ... something . 
Applying for jobs . Trying to find something in the wee hours of the morning ... Any suggestions ? 
It's always fun chatting with the aunty . 
Loves discovering good new music and acquiring it . 
Thinking that this friday will be eventful ... but maybe not as eventful as the last one . 
Why is it that every time I am working all by myself , there really needs to be someone else there ? We were pretty slammed , had to call in back up . 
AH ! My laundry is done ! How could you all let me almost forget it ?! 
Good < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
I am actually looking forward to my day off this week ! It promises to be quite eventful . 
I want to paint my nails ... I can't enter the room with the polish ... Yet I don't want the door to open ... 
Hey thanks for Ikea ! 
Christmas hair ! = quarter life crisis . 
Christmas hair failed . :( 
Thanks Lando for all your help ! 
Does anyone else have a weird unexplainable crush on < PROPMALE > Grohl ? 
' Tis the season for attempted family pictures . 
I HATE being tickled . I don't care who you are or how long I have known you , it's just not funny . Blblblllblb . 
I am sorry for making someone mad . I just wanted to take a walk . 
Add ice for cold drinks ... Thanks Morelia's! :) 
I SO called the Penguin . So called it ! 
No Chocolate Fever but I found Rosenkrantz and Guildenstern on DVD ! 
The Hangover with the fam ... You would think that might be awkward . 
Ah ... no work for two days . Hopefully I get some stuff done and the traffic is not TOO bad . 
One last thing to do , but it has to wait until much , much later . Think I might as well take a nap seen as how that's what the rest of the family is doing . 
Totally wish I had a webcam right now . My mom is about to break in half ! LOL ! 
I like imitating my grandpa's dance while he is on the phone , clam dip , stockings , and keys . 
New boots ! They make my toes feel like ten friends on a camping trip . 
I have scraped my car windows off about fifteen times in two days . It's not like I go many places either ! But , I found my rear defrost button . How did I miss it ?! 
I feel like a douche sitting here with both a laptop and an iPad in front of me . Yes , I am using both at the same time for different purposes . 
My Nike+ sports band says I only went . 2 < PROPMALE > in 20 mins yesterday . Think maybe it needs calibration ? 
Yep , being back is very nice . 
I am NOT thinking about clowns ! I am thinking about bettering myself ... Da Do \I was walking in the wholesale flower district ... \"" 
New job , new responsibilites ... or so they say . Let's see what happens shall we ? 
I am so not good at ice skating , it's actually pretty funny . 
Tan 
Why oh why can't I just take my house with me on vacation ? That would save TONS of money . Anyone know a good place to stay in downtown Seattle ? 
Must not forget to get a key made today ... Don't let me ! 
You know , I really should not have done that ... It's kinda making me feel horrible . 
Bad mood , bad mood , bad mood ... That's all . 
I hope no one completely finished they work project today ! I need something to do ! 
Well , the project was 100% done when I got to work . I had to clean the slat wall for something to do . It was pretty darn gross . 
Goodbye Seattle . Maybe another distant year . 
My little cousins are so cute ! Little < PROPMALE > knows my name ! 
Any one ever been involved in the Ragnar ? 
Oh man , welcome back to twelve hour days . 
It might not be good that my head still hurts after hitting it yesterday . Stupid little < PROPFEMALE > . Also , I have found that having to wake up early has made me paranoid in my sleep that my alarm won't go off so I keep waking up every couple hours . Needless to say I have not slept well the past week or so . I am glad I am being forced to quit my habit of sleeping in way too late though . 
I got a strike on my very last < PROPMALE > ! It was pretty impressive , not gonna lie . ;) 
I do love getting visitors at work ! :) 
I really need to get my hair cut . I really need to find the time . 
I could really go for some iced chai right about now . 
C'mon life ! What other mundane boring every day frustrations can you keep throwing at me ? You can be more creative than that , I think ! Or why not try the flip side for once ?! 
Scary horoscopes ! 
Any one who says money isn't everything or that you can't buy happiness is either fooling themselves , too < PROPMALE > to care , or someone I would really like to trade places with . My whole world is ruled by the fact that I don't have enough money to even live with my mother , much less do anything I really want to do . 
Maybe we can see the < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! It's been a while . 
Nope , no < PROPFEMALE > . 
Who knew learning the ways of alphabetical order would come in so handy ? 
Why is my mom eating popcorn in milk ? 
It's a very nice Iron and Wine type of day . If it rains though , I will have to switch to < PROPFIRST > Bird . 
Copies finished , trash taken out , all set for the weekend . Oh wait , there is the little thing about the other job tomorrow . Oh well , another day another few cents . 
Snowing =D amien Rice . I just decided . 
The door opened by itself again . What a bored ghost . 
Really ? That really just happened ? Ugh why , why , why do I do things like that ? WHY ?! 
Ok , I almost just wrote \Lol\ " on a message at work . Good thing I caught myself . Thanks internet and texting ! " 
What have we learned today ? If your sinuses are clogged < PROPFEMALE > diet dr. pepper is a good way to clean them out , AND it makes a wonderful projectile . 
Lovely , my cousin is making me feel old AND calling < PROPFEMALE > . Super great . 
There is no night of the frogs . I just called it that to fool < PROPMALE > . 
Hi ho hi ho it's off to work I go . 
I do so love < PROPMALE > crackers in milk . And Just Friends . Such a great combo . 
Not gonna lie , I am pretty excited to watch Cloudy With A < PROPMALE > of Meatballs tonight . I don't know anyone who has seen it , but I am in the kiddie cartoon kind of mood . I just have to wait for adult time to end at 5:00 . 
Wow , that guy who just came into work was very good looking . I hope to see him here again . 
Isn't making someone go on a date technically illegal ? 
Really , I just got home and there is the creepiest noise coming from somewhere in the house . I don't know what on earth it could be , and I kinda don't want to move ... 
I want to have a snowball fight with ice cream ! Or jump on jello ! 
There was a scary spider on my conditioner today . I don't know where he went after I threw the bottle ... Hope he doesn't end up in my room ! 
My new favorite quote , \I'm dyslexic in my ear . \"- Dave " 
she's so sweet and caring . she's funny as hell and a bit crazy at times ! she loves to just kick back and have fun ! she will always be their for her friends , and if she needs to punch some girl in the face to prove it , SHE WILL ! she can be a bisnitch sometimes , but only when you bring on the drama . she's always caught up in it even when she doesnt wanna be . 
\ ... mend that shelf with too many books . Read me your Favorite line . \"- Damien Rice . This is my favorite line . " 
I love the idea of old books that are falling apart crackling , but when trying to actually read one , it's a difficult task when all the pages keep falling out of order . 
Ho hum . Yet again . 
loves when someone posts a status that pretty much only I will understand the value of . 
You don't even know how scary last night was ! Good thing I will be moving tonight and sleeping in MY bed in a new , non-haunted ( hopefully ) place . 
I HATE ! moving ! The carrying , the lifting , the driving , the cleaning , the organizing and putting away of things ... It's just frustrating . 
My MSN horoscope says that getting my hair done at the end of the week will lift my mood . Good thing I have been planning for weeks to get my hair done this saturday ! 
I don't know who it is , but there is someone singing upstairs at work . Something opera like , and not too bad either . And I think they are in the bathroom ... 
I'm just trying to do my jugsaw puzzle before it rains anymore . \ " , 201 0-0 2-10 16:17:04 " 
So , can't get my hair done saturday . Guess my mood won't be lifted . Maybe something else will come up . 
The GPs are coming ! Unless it snows ... DON'T SNOW ! 
So , even though I don't get to have my hair done , I can sleep in ! Maybe . 
Don't you love when no one talks to you for days and days , then you finally make a plan , and all of a sudden more people invite you to things ?! Why can't they spread it out ? Honestly ! There are not enough hours in the day sometimes . 
Don't you just love that \what if\ " game ? At least when you are the one asking the questions . " 
Someone has called work about six times and has said nothing . There is no creepy breathing , or weird clicks or anything . Pure silence . I think they need to take their phone off mute . 
Yeah , that's right , I went paintballing . AND I am still the < PROPFEMALE > of 007 . How dare you doubt me . 
Getting kinda excited to see part of the middle school gang ! And co . 
The series finale of Six Feet Under needs to be kept under lock and key . In fact , the entire last season can go in too . It's the saddest thing ever of all time . 
Just remembered I get to totally play Ocarina of Time when I get home ! It's been years . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !! 
I just stood outside for fifteen minutes trying ti get the stupid door unlocked ! The key worked fine for the bottom , but just would not unlatch the bolt . Ugh . 
Wtching a random baby for a little bit ... What's his name again ? 
Ever talk to someone in < PROPFIRST > Kong ? It's not easy . 
Quite in the mood for a prank war ... If only I were clever enough to live through one . 
Starbucks went ... well last night . 
Someone just asked me if I have ever done voice work because I have such a nice sounding phone voice . What a nice pick-me-up . 
The House episode for the week is re-run . Guess I don't have a good excuse anymore . 
Left up right . Left up right . If you play it too long in your head , it really will put you to sleep . 
A humungous Blueberry Blast smoothie really hits the spot . 
Shrimp salad for lunch ! Thanks Mom ! 
My shoes sound like tap shoes , but they're not ! How many more people do you think will ask ? 
Ok , I need to go somewhere that NO ONE knows my family . Not one person . As opposed to EVERYONE and their dog around here . It's getting kinda old . I don't want to talk about what everyone is up to , for the eight hundredth time today . 
Last night I woke up because a light was shining in my face . I was going to be mad until I realized it was the < PROPFEMALE > ! Either that or I caught aliens in the act of abduction . 
\I can see my brain . \ " My classic ringtone for when Brie calls me . I laugh and laugh every time . " 
Why do < PROPFIRST > pins follow me everywhere ?! I am not kidding . I don't even wear them but I see them all over the place . 
I must belive that I have an unvaried immune system . That's my story , and I am sticking to it . 
Your moods and heartfelt feelings are difficult to hide this week . Tuesday brings many committed relationships to a crossroads . Be very honest about what is happening . The interests of children should take center stage on Wednesday . Try to see the world through their eyes . There's a risk of becoming too trusting at week's end . Read any contract or legal agreement carefully . 
I have to go to the store to pick up stuff to cook tonight . Still don't know what to get for dessert , and I am picking my cousin up at 6:30 . Dinner is spaghetti , any suggestions ? 
Falling . Asleep . At . Work . 
I think I might need to get a Benz . Driving one is very , very nice . 
\Can you believe all this snow ?! \"- Dad " 
Longest phone conversation EVER ! NOT in a good way . Whew ! 
Nothing like reading an old favorite book to keep the spirits up . I wish there were a \Roger\ " in real life so I could not help laughing hysterically in his presence . " 
I just got my butt kicked in Call of Duty II by a ten year old ! He also beat me in HORSE . I am losing my touch . 
< PROPFIRST > Danburry next monday ? I think so ! 
I need three new tires . THREE ! I bought my car less than a year ago . :( 
Ahhh the venti chai with an extra shot of chair . Delish . Do YOU get an extra pump < PROPFIRST > ? 
My new CD is fantastic ! I especially love number 18 . I also did not have any Creek Drank the Cradle , and now I do ! 
I don't know if I am stupid or if this stuff really just does not match up . I just don't know . 
I was just reminded of the Tibetan monks I met a while back . They were hilarious ! And they loved soda . 
Number , < PROPFIRST > all the live long day . 
My new favorite ... laughing at a text or something on the computer no one around you is in on , and making them think you are off your rocker . 
I think I was just insulted ... 
Tommorrow is the end of a 58 hour week . Sunday is the beginning of a 63 hour week . 
Last night I had a dream that my jaw would not stop sliding over and locking out of place , like it used to do when I was little . It really hurt , and I hope it does not start happening again for real . 
You know what irks me ? When people say that pregnant women are \prego . \ " That's a pasta sauce guys . " 
I just realized that until just now , I had forgotten about Redbox . 
I TUNES ! 
Anyone else want to hold hands while watching WALLE ? Also , my dad is watching it downstairs alone , and laughing . It's making me laugh . 
I am now officially caught up on all House under the sun . 
I don't really have anything to say , I just want to make sure I post something Christian does not miss it too much . 
I was supposed to be in Seattle right now . 
No joke , I just called this number and this person's out going message-not the ring back- was \We wish you a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas\ " in pig oinks . Where to start on what's wrong with the picture ? " 
The only thing I am getting from this hour ahead stuff is ice on my car that I have to scrape off every morning . 
It's not exactly Honolulu Grill , but it'll do . 
I talked about it last night , but I did not even think of wearing green today ! I just went about my normal routine . 
So , I'm in your life , when ya going to be in mine ? 
< PROPFIRST > Danburry this month . Passion Pit , Yeasayer , and now Ani DiFranco in April ! Pretty exciting ! 
My last 13 hour day for at least a week ! Whew ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s guy was seeeexy ! 
Am I really doing this again ? Really ? 
I actually got to take a nap yesterday ! And I did not feel weird or anything when I woke up . It was lovely . 
House is a rerun tonight . What will I do now ? 
The phone does not ring today unless I am trying to eat something . It has now happened five times in a row . It must be a sign . 
Back in like week two after Vegas week of American Idol , I totally said that < PROPFIRST > should sing < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . And he did . I also said 70's guy should sing The Calling , but he did not stay around long enough . 
AND ... back to reality . 
Ani tickets purchased ! Confirmation printed ! I hope all you St. Georgians can make it ! 
Even my horoscopes are against me today ! Bright side : my eyebrows are a work of < PROPMALE > . 
Why does playing spider solitaire make me think of Nip/Tuck ? 
It is official , I suck at bowling . 
I am a \new\ " Merrell owner ! " 
\How did I become a molecule in the concrete of this city ? The difference in my endless motion in a space too small to see none the less expected to be . I only get a little attention when I fall . \"" 
Oh , < PROPMALE > Adams , why did you have to die ? The world will never know what happens to < PROPMALE > , or why the other rhino died in the pool . Nor will we know who the mystery client was . Sigh . 
What Becomes of the Broken Hearted-Jimmy Ruffin , Automatic-Pointer Sisters , When She Believed-Benoit-Freeman Project ft . < PROPMALE > Loggins , Young Love-Wynona Judd , Under The Bridge-Red Hot Chili Peppers : Some tracks from one cd I was listening to . True Rwanda indeed . 
Just realized I can afford my play day next week ! New tires , new hair , and probably Cheesecake Factory to top it off . After that , I will be broke again , but it will be worth it . 
When did this family get so big ?! I mean really . 
Super glue should be a mandatory part of all first aid kits . And duct tape should probably be thrown in there somewhere . 
I heart Beatles music . Even when the American Idol contestants butcher the songs . 
I realized that at least one childhood dream came true ... My car is swimming in cds . 
That was probably a top five biggest mistake ever for me . 
My mind cannot hold as much as it used to be able to . :( 
I am the receptionist . If I tell you to wait while I go ask if someone is available , DO NOT follow me down the hall way ! You were not invited . Stay at the front desk until I give you permission ! 
I finally gave in and activated my other phone . I can't get in to stop doing things I don't want it to be doing . But the messages erase much faster than my old one , so that's nice . 
Two different people three different times have fallen asleep while on the phone with me ... And people wonder why I would rather just text all the time ! 
Job hunting online . This probably won't get me very far . Back to the leg work I guess . 
\Stare at the kiss marks on a Spider Man notebook . Waxy sweetness to explore every degree of your mental health . \"- Good old < PROPMALE > V . " 
Two concerts and a party should make for exciting weekend . All confirmed and all with company . :) 
\Oh pod how I miss you . Oh pod how you tease . \"" 
No joke , my ears just started burning for no apparent reason ... Wonder who is talking about me ! 
\Nobody's < PROPFEMALE > all the time but I know you and you know me and it's alright . \"- Vertical Horizon . How I love them . " 
I would like to thank the following in order of appearance for the fun weekend : < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , Lexi , Lisa&TJ , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Munch , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Lisa&TJ again . You gotta love those folk singers and their tendancy to forget their own songs . :) 
Things that did not used to make me sad but now do : WallE and sour patch kids . 
Universe , you are such a tease . Please move the joke along to someone else . I am getting very , very sick of it . 
Think he will notice ? I don't think he will notice . 
I need to reorganize my pins . 
\What's the point of all this pointless proximity ?... Why should I keep you if you won't keep me company ? \ " EXACTLY ! Thank you Ani Difranco . Your song Company is exactly what I wanted to say . " 
\Shark bait oohaha\ " and five course lunches : Who knew you could make inuendos out of such things ? " 
I broke , but then later fixed , the sink . 
I now officially know what people mean when they say they just cannot eat . 
Goodness me , 12 hour days in one place are looooong . 
Nothing cuter than a little duck couple taking a stroll down the street together . Just precious . 
\Tired of screwin ' up . Tired of goin ' down . Tired of myself . Tired of this town . \"- TP " 
Wow , I have not looked at my really old emails in FOREVER ! There are so many from lifeguards at Green Valley , people from camp ( Rafe , Sures , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > etc ) , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , Dad , < PROPFIRST > . There are mission letters and really old surveys . That was in interesting trip through the last six years . 
\I feel BETTER ! \"--- name the movie . " 
Good talk , even though it was on the phone . 
I just discovered it is quite possible to be all 7 dwarves at one time : Sneezy , Sleepy , Dopey , Doc , Happy , Grumpy , and Bashful . Thanks for your help on that one < PROPFIRST > ! 
\I know I'm alone if I'm with or without you . But just being around you offers me another form of relief . \"- R.K. " 
O.A.R. , if I had kept track I would tell you . I am always the temporary place filler . 
Little hearts floating around my head . 
What an interesting night . 
House and Cuddy ? Is it for real this time ? 
Click , spark , flame , burn , burn , burn , POP , fizzle , fizzle , fizzle , hissssssssssss , ash , gone . 
How funny . 
I cannot believe how cold I am right now ! My feet still have not thawed from last night , and now the rest of me is icy . 
It is May 25th and my FB is telling me it is Towel Day . Grab one and let's go hitchhiking ! 
A word of advice : Never assume the weird sound you hear in the car is just part of the song on the radio . 
Thank you to my parents for both bringing me food today at work . :) 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > . :) 
Jars of < PROPMALE>'s album The 11th Hour : Quite refreshing when you have not heard it in a while . 
I just finished my first sudoku without any mistakes !! It took forever , but I feel accomplished . 
Yep , singing lullabies and old cowboy tunes to myself at work again ... 
So , < PROPMALE > Park is completely flooded . Roads are closed . And that < PROPFIRST>'s Jr. is from Hell . All in all , it took waaaaay too long to get my lunch . 
Just finished my book . Must find another one . 
I think everyone should listen to and heed the advice in < PROPMALE > Votolato's \The Light and the Sound . \ " It's not that easy though . " 
My ears are burning again ... 
I do believe that it is time once again for me to make frog eye salad . Or almond pastries . Possibly both . 
I'm a bit down . I need Fraggles . 
That one little chunk of money I was saving for a trip ? I now know what I will buy instead . :) 
I think I might finally get it this time . 
No texts for over three hours ... I forgot what it was like to not have my phone with me at all times . 
Bowling was fun last night ! I did pretty darn well if I do say so myself . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > :) . Today I am getting < PROPFEMALE > registered and such then off to Toy Story 3 . I am the only one NOT left out this time , go figure . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is my man . Him and < PROPFIRST > Depp . No one else . 
So , I am thinking if I wear capris all weekend , I may just get a tan on my legs . Maybe . 
Spider Solitaire with more than two suits is just ridiculous . 
Frog eye and Chai : Can life get better ? Well , yeah , but this is what I get for now . :) 
Whining to the receptionist is not going to guarantee you a phone call from those in charge . It will just ensure you and annoyed receptionist . 
Here's to July : To making it better than June , with the help of my new project . < PROPMALE > , you better keep it up , too . 
SOOOOOO happy for my friends < PROPFEMALE > Macfarlane and Tj Smith for their new little guy ! I can't wait to meet the little bundle of joy ! :D 
If it were not disgusting , I think I would just always walk around bare foot . I would < PROPMALE > flip flops when it was too hot , or painful in some other way , but in general , no shoes . 
Catch the tail by the tiger and take the horns by the bull . 
O blah < PROPFIRST > O blah dah Life goes on WOW Bra la la la life goes on . 
I need a new scene . After being stomped , kicked , violently shoved , smoked on , had someone dropped on my head , and got a piece of tree stuck in my eye , I do not think I will go back . To the grandma who got dragged to the middle by her grandkids , I hope you made it out alive . 
I just really don't like The Cure . 
Just discovered The National . Very good music . 
Two more 13 hour days left ! Then I will even have weekends off ! What a concept . 
Picking someone up from the airport is not as hard as I anticipated . Also , the park in Orem is quite , quite nice . I will try the huge swing next time . 
Why is my bed always the most comfy when my alarm goes off in the morning ? 
So ... scalp treatment and relaxation , or going to work ... decisions decisions . 
Crushes used to be fun . Now they are just plain crushing . If you see the tin man anywhere , send him my way . 
I hate today . To top it off there will probably be a bug in my food tonight , and my bed will break . 
Well , can't eat again . Lovely . 
My knee is killing me . I do not know what I did recently to make it act up like this . It was doing so good for a while . 
Got some sleep last night . Now if only I could stop looking at my phone every five seconds . It's not going to ring like it used to . 
A few parties , a couple reunions , a trip to St. < PROPFIRST > , ( and possibly to San < PROPFEMALE >?) all by the end of August . Maybe one of these , if not more , will be the amazing day I was hoping for . 
\I think that it's brainless to assume that making changes to your window's view will give a new perspective . \"- DC4C . I will have to disagree with this one . Still a great song . " 
Do not ask me how I keep forgetting we now have a dog . A drooly dog . It had better stay out of my room . 
Purchasing The National's High < PROPFEMALE > album was a good idea . 
When did I lose my great Checkers abilities ? 
I miss my \good morning ................. ' s \"." 
< PROPFIRST > Gubler it was so good to see you last night ! Thanks for letting me tag along . :) See you again very soon ! 
So how about them garlic burgers eh ? 
\You'll be given love . You'll be taken care of . You'll be given love 
Pretty sure I am going to sleep until noon tomorrow , just because I finally can . 
Hello St. < PROPFIRST > friends ! I will be down there next weekend . ( Night of the 6th-evening 8th ) Let us all < PROPFEMALE > out ! :) 
Very good weekend . Slept way in , made some acini , went to a party :) on saturday . Sunday , so far , breakfast with amazing scones and a free chai . Tonight = pedicures ! 
Nooooooooooo more chicken tikka masala for moi . 
I need to stop being so tired ! 
After a heart to heart with Tj Smith and some thought and confirmation , I discovered I was a very , very gullible person . That will never happen again . Thank you Tj . 
Has anyone else noticed the very high amount of roadkill around here lately ? 
Going to Toquerville Falls on Saturday ! 
I hope all the awesome rain gets done with by tonight . I have a trip to take tomorrow ! 
I don't want to talk about me today . How are you all doing ? 
I was very productive last night . I will now come home to a clean environment . AND I am already packed for quick departure after work . 
I need a smooooooth road . Move shapes into place to fill the gaps ! 
Driving 75mph on the freeway with both windows rolled down while it's cold enough to get goosebumps outside and the volume turned way up : Good for the soul . This was a good weekend . 
Um , yes . I think I will . 
Once my head hits the pillow , I am out in about five minutes . 
Calling the office fifty times a day every day is not going to get you anywhere . If you are so desperate , make an appointment . Honestly . 
Well that was a lovely 8 cd adventure . Thank you Jaqui Baxter . 
Awwww , grandparents . 
Lovely reunion . Simply delightful . 
Yep , I am now a cliche . 
Do you ever wish you just had one of those activity books your parents would give you on long car rides ? With word finds and such . Yeah , I would like one right now . 
It's . Freezing . In . Here . 
You know , I got what I wanted , and now I have nothing . I almost feel as though I sold my soul to the devil or something . 
I do believe that I have hit every single red light in the last 2-3 days . 
I really should have brought a jacket to work today . 
Volunteering at KRCL ! I think I might be excited for this . 
Lemurs , man . Lemurs . 
Jethro Tull on KRCL ? OK ! 
It is so nice to have my ipod all updated . 
\There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds . \ " - < PROPMALE > K . Chesterton " 
The last few bits of a friendship are always so bittersweet , aren't they ? 
My phone now = just alarm+ICE . 
Going through old French notes . These are very old papers . I had forgotten about all the poems Hintze tried to make us memorize . \Il Pleur De Mon Coeur\ " haha . " 
I could really go for some Bon Iver right now . Also , why don't I own Moulin Rouge or Love Actually ? 
The air play works very well in the office . And Bon Iver is making wonderful background music . It was way too quiet . 
Sigh :( 
Volunteer training is pushed back indefinitely . But at least they are keeping me in the loop . 
I thought that walk was going to take a lot longer . Even with the bank transaction , it only took one hour . Now what to do ? 
I heart Park City . Alpine slide the 18th ! 
I could go for a massage about now . 
My aunt just called me . She meant to dial her house number . She is now a bit freaked out . Silly Care Bear . 
My eyes just want to shut and stay that way . 
I dreamt last night that my brother got a Super Nintendo/Nintendo 64 combo console . I want one . 
My grandpa SHOULD work at the Pizza Factory . Haha . 
\Silence is an answer that begs three more questions . \"" 
Bookmarks are great inventions . Especially ones with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > on them . Thanks bro . 
My weekend : New haircut , wicked sunburn , Bees game , Red < PROPFIRST > , bowling , arcade , and frozen yogurt . Also , I discovered the other day there is a Rock Creek in Draper . I wonder if it is the same thing ... For sure worth a look . 
I almost forgot the nearly out of control fire . But those were some good marshmallows . 
Ok , Lady Gaga songs being played by a < PROPFEMALE > tower on a college campus ? Way , way , WAY too far . It's really kind of disgusting . 
A 46 < PROPFEMALE > fax ? Some people just need to learn how to use e-mail . 
\Don't think of me as a hand . \ " \ 
Official volunteer meeting tonight . Should be exciting . 
Just recently I have been kind of wishing I had and older sibling . 
House season premier next week ! 
Last night , the fire alarm went off for no reason , and only lasted a second . Today , my horoscope says to check our home for potential hazards ... Should I be worried ? 
Tucker < PROPMALE > is an awful human being . 
I was listening to Five in the car this morning . Oh ... to be 13 again ... Or not . 
It's just about pomegranate season ! 
And so begins my new fiscal year with a text , and song , a 12pack of caffein free diet coke , and a decorated car . Thanks fam ! 
I just want to make everyone jealous right now and announce that I just got an Ipad . Yep , that's right , a real one . 
Feast your eyes on my first status update on my iPad !!!!!!! and !!!!! some more !! Also brought to you from my bed . 
And the best quote of the night , courtesy of Laur , was too inappropriate for mass audiences . 
What a walk ! 
Everything to do with Internet is just better from the perspective of lying on the couch . Not too mention playing Scramble . 
I have not slePt this late in forever . :) 
So I have an iPad , an iPod , but have run out of earphones . This is a problem easily fixed . 
Join us for a marshmallow fight ? Happening now . 
THe song If You See < PROPFEMALE > comes to mind this morning . 
Today has just flown by . 
Sorry @Jaqui Baxter , but I really do love Snow Patrol . 
I just saw a commercial . I did not know what it was for , but I noticed the guy's shoes were Timberlands . Turns out , it was a Timerberland commercial . Even after a couple months of being away from shoes , they are still with me :/ . 
So far , it is a :D kind of day . Only one other thing could round it off , but I am not counting on it . 
I am an app fiend ! 
Two concets i MUST see : The Aracde Fire and < PROPFIRST > Adams . Might they come to Utah ? Probsbly not . :/ 
It took three people to suggest Angry Birds , but I have to say they were all right . So thanks < PROPFIRST > for making me get it . 
I guess I am a bit pathetic . 
Ogden bound ! 
It is a good thing I have an iPad to keep me entertained when friends cancel lol ;) . Good luck on your test @Tj Smith ! 
Slept like a baby . Woke up to the < PROPFEMALE > on my face . And there is nothing like a pillow freshly plumped from the dryer . 
If you have someone to hug , don't take it for granted . 
Let's see if I can pull off this enchilada bake .... 
Enchilada bake = fail . Now watching The Buried Life with Laur . 
I just got a random craving for mint chocolate chip ice cream . 
Last two days have been all about Default and Matchbox 20 . Tomorrow I start with Vertical Horizon and Our Lady Peace . That is 5 albums total . 
There was a bit of frost on my windows this morning . It reminded me I will soon need a window scraper in my car . Good thing I have one ! Thanks again < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! :) 
Just ... sigh . 
I just realized the fortune I ilk not have to spend on Christmas presents this year . 
I am taking 100% advantage of the wifi at the radio station byt downloading as many free apps as possible while there are no ringing phones . 
So many frogs , not so much else . I need to be intrigued . 
I discoveed once again there really is a 5am . 
I am very sleepy , and I need to do laundry . I am thinking about skipping volunteering tonight ... 
Glad I went to volunteer anyway . They gave me a cozy hoodie just for being the awesomest one here . :) 
It would have been really fun to have worked on the music genome project . 
Seeing sprinklers on while it has been raining makes me want to punch people . 
I miss it , and yet I am just so sick of it . It just will never be the same . Bright side , this hoodie is awesome . 
I've got some pretty darn cute cousins . 
Disoriented , and demented , and a little nuts . 
Good morning all ! I think it is already nap time . 
Just slept until 10:30 . I do not even feel bad about it . 
That whole thing aboUt being around for 1/1/1 , 2/2/2 etc ... what about 8/8/88 and 9/9/99 ? 
Somehow the word \super\ " became my word of the day . I have now said it about 5 times . " 
I would like to take my turn now please . 
Today started with disappointment and a nose bleed . Just awesome . 
I have gotten too tech connected ... I am boycotting my phone for all social purposes . And I will try really hard not to check fb also . Wish my luck ... or don't because I won't see it . 
This is I LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , \ 
wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , broke your arm , saw you fail , cheered you on , and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . \ 
Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! 
Yes , this is Facebook , but I am using the Myspace Video app and I LOVE it ! Kind of like Pandora , but not . 
I am so used to my iPad that doing thing on a regular computer is weird . 
I am updating on the way to St. < PROPFIRST > . I think it is nap time for me unless < PROPFIRST > stops listening to this awful music . 
For no apparent reason , everyone keeps staring at mom , Laur , and I as if we were aliens . But we are feeling like everyone else is ! 
Last night we closed the vent in my room . I closed my window at around 1:30 am because of the incredible wind , and I was still a bit cold . Right now , the heater at work just came on . Winter really must be on it's way . 
Portugal the Man , I like you , but please get out of my head . 
I feel that people are using exclamation points way too loosley . I am guilty of this as well . There are exciting things , but not everything is exciting enough to warrent such punctuation . 
I just cracked open a library book , and the way it smelled took me back to reading the Animorphs books . All the way back to 5th grade with < PROPFIRST > Lefler haha . 
I am wearing pants from my 21st birthday , a sweater and tank top from 2007 , a coat from 2006 , but my boots are from last year . I think I need new clothes . 
My new favorite thing is when I am chatting with someone and they need to leave , but don't say goodbye first . 
I now have bunco once a month and cooking every other week . Next week I am seeing < PROPMALE > Kasher and going to Dancing With the Stars . I have not been to a concert in a while , so it should be fun . 
My most recent disgusting discovery is that < PROPFIRST>'s now has a fried cheese sandwich . This is not regular grilled cheese . It happens to be cheese sticks inside of a grilled cheese . Ew . 
Hulu is free right ? I find it ridiculous that in order to use is on my iPad , I would have to pay $9.99 a month . They tricked me when it said free . That was only to \tour the app . \"" 
I got everything done last night that was on my list in addition to playing a game and seeing saw 3D . Then I slept until 9:30 . 
With all the kids in our neighborhood you would think we would have had more than two knocks on our door . 
Having days off has gotten very old . If anyone knows of any night/weekend jobs they are not going to take , please let me know . 
Why on earth do I have \Music of the Night\ " stuck in my head ? I have not even thought about Phantom of the Opera forever . " 
I wish I was going to Sufjan Stevens tonight . That would be pretty sweet . 
:) that went well :) 
And , the bagpipes are back . I want to get annoyed , but I can't because they are from the graveyard next door . 
I did not realize how incredibly out of it i actually was yesterday at work until I just went back to review what I had done , and found I missed tons of items . Ridiculous . 
This has been shaping up to be a fine week so far . I have still got < PROPMALE > Kasher tonight and So You Think You Can Dance tomorrow night . 
I was up way too late and way too early today to be over hearing this conversation in the conference room about socialism . 
I need to WAKE UP !! I have stuffs to do tonight . 
All day yesterday the traffic was awful . This morning was a breath of fresh air . 
Yep , it is a year away , but I AM going to the Cirque Du Soleil < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > show . ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Bibber , let's see < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > get his own Cirque show . ;)) 
Idiot cold . No cooking dinner tonight . 
Nothing like a shot of Dayquil in the morning . 
One good thing I will say about this cold is that I am not coughing nearly as much as I usually do , with or without cough medicine . 
I have been told repeatedly this year what a charming , creative , sweet , outgoing little girl I was ... I know , I am shocked too . 
Pretty mountains . :) 
Might I start going to the gym next week ? If I can breathe like a normal person by then , I think so . 
There is a restaurant in Italy , in a prison , where you are served by inmates . These inmates are in there for things like murder and such . Is it sick that I want to go ? 
My new project ; free online accounting course . My grandpa cracks me up . 
The Magic Flute , haha . 
I feel , ever so slightly , like this little strawberry . 
I could really go for some pudding . But I will make do with this giant marshmallow . 
Does anyone else remember the Animaniacs song about \Hello \"?" 
A movie with < PROPFIRST > Depp and < PROPFEMALE > Jolie = conflicting opinions for me . 
Oh , Grease 2 . 
The wind is whipping so hard , I think my car might just get blown away . 
Why is it a surprise that < PROPFIRST > Reynolds is the sexiest man alive ? He really is . 
Just pass Poached Eggs in Angry Birds . Yes , it took FOREVER , but now all the different \worlds\ " are unlocked . " 
Why is there no glue anywhere in this office ? 
The Color Purple was fantastic . I was very impressed . 
I keep thinking how at a loss I will feel when I am done with this series , but then I realize I still have 18.5 books left to go , and feel better . 
I had a really good line for my status this morning , and I have forgotten it . 
Starbucks raised their prices . Looks like I am going to save money now , seen as how they are not wholly worth it . 
Banana Pancakes was a good song to start the day this morning . 
Good morning , good morning , a happy winter morning ! 
I have yet another headache . I can't take it . If I ever had real migraines , I do not think I would survive . 
I love typing with my manicured nails . Makes me feel < PROPMALE > or something . 
My phone is actually dead . It has been a long while since it has had enough activity to die . 
My cleaning night has been moved up to today from the usual Friday night so I can have clean space for the holiday . Also , it will keep me occupied while I am too scared to drive in the storm that's coming . 
I now have the rest of the week off because of this storm and the holiday . I don't know what I will do with myself . 
The house is clean and I don't want to drive the roads juuust yet with my baby car . Nintendo time . 
My iPad look brand new thanks to Mr. < PROPMALE > Wheeler's nifty little cloth thingy . Look at it shine . 
Pie and rolls for days . 
My family is chalk full if weirdieS to the highest degree , but I challenge you to find a more entertaining , funny bunch . 
One . 5 days left in my 5.5 day staycation . 
Love Actually :) 
Sleep is not a cure-all , but it sure doesn't hurt anything . 
Yay for family breakfasts . 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > Beck for scraping my car off this morning , and for the new windsheild wipers . :D 
Every time I go into a gym , I just think how nice it is to not have to clean those locker rooms like I did once upon a time . 
I was the youngest customer at the bank by at least 40 years . Elderly people have the funniest requests . 
One month left in a rather unpleasant year . One . More . Month . 
Got to level 166 in Jumbline . I don't know if I should be proud or not . 
Good advice from the comic Get Fuzzy today : \Don't mess with a Muppet man . \"" 
Why does < PROPFEMALE>'s keep changing everything about their menu ? Their fries now need fry sauce to taste good , their salads have weird leaves in them , their buns are too buttery , and they really need to bring back those breadsticks . 
If I am involved , just let me take over . I will do it better than everyone else . 
I think I should have just stayed in bed all day today . 
It's raining , it's pouring , I wish I was snoring . I did not sleep well at all last night . 
With some people , I need to just stop bothering . 
This office supply catalog has 1,361 pages . The stuff in it is all very impressive . I never knew there were so many varieties of envelopes . 
Oh , 22 . You are my fave . You knew that . Thank you for being around and putting up with me . It's been rough for both of us . I know you will do great things and get everything you want . 
If anyone knows of any good night/weekend jobs available please let me know . Well , suggest them to anyone you know who is unemployed , then let me know . 
#8 No fair . ;) 
Got a chess set and a checkers set from bunco tonight . Next round at my house . Could turn ugly . 
9 people to get Christmas presents for . 5 down , 4 to go . I don't know what to look for . 
Is it sad that I still remeber all the names of the members of Backstreet Boys , N*SYNC , LFO , 98 * , and Five ? And I know which one is singing just by the sound of their voice ? 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and Ewan McGregor in love ? I mean , I am still going to see it , but who came up with that pair ? 
Minus the Bear always makes me feel like speaking only in song titles . 
In Better Off < PROPMALE > in the wrapping paper/energy dose episode , if you look really carefully , you can see < PROPFEMALE > is reading A Barrel of Laughs A Vale Of Tears . I like that . 
COME IN and know me better man ! Wait , did I already say that ? 
I just saw a woman with the oddest walk . She was all bundled up , and appeared to be ambling slowly along with long arm strides . 2 seconds later , she was down the street . I can't figure that one out . 
Free meter parking downtown . All the meters are wrapped with shiny red bows . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! ( Just don't stay parked for more than 2 hours ) 
I left my wallet in < PROPFIRST>'s car last night . It was fun this morning when I pulled up to get my drink and had to tell them never mind , I misplaced all my money . 
Noodles are probably the most professional thing to be eating at your desk . 
I wrote a fantastic poem today . I am quite proud of it . 
I am still feeling Maroon 5 this morning . 
I am downloading bunches of old cowboy songs . It doesn't get better than these . 
Chickery chick chala chala checkalaromala inabanana cabala cawalaca can't you see , chikery chick is me . 
If my car is not in the driveway , I am not home . Quit locking me out . 
I am seeing < PROPFIRST > Archuleta tomorrow :) . 
Christmas will be fun this year ! I was just thinking about that . 
Did I mention I almost hit a deer yesterday by my house ? Where it came from , I just don't know/ . 
Is it strange that I have a mini thing for the guy in She's Out Of My League ? 
I woke up 20 mins late , but still managed to be ready on time . My mom scraped off my car , too , so the morningended better than ut started . Thank you mother . :) 
I think I am going to be vegetarian . I am feeling a bit grossed out lately . 
When I am all by myself , I still talk a lot . 
And this year was supposed to br different . 
So , no big deal or anything , I just get to take a ride in a hot air balloon next summer . \ 
Also , hi Corissa Chadderdon Beck ! 
Allergies in winter , and me without my Loratidine . 
I am the chair master . 
Bowling last night i got a 70 and a 100 . Not too bad considering last time . I also left with pizza . 
I am in love with Frightened Rabbit and unlimited vegan pizza . 
Ever look at someone's < PROPFEMALE > and wish you hadn't because they forgot i ninclude you in everything that has been going on for the last 6 months ? Yep , I am done . If they want me in their life for real , they know where to find me . 
My car is burried under and 2 feet of snow , so I am staying home today . Maybe I will go out back to make some snow angels with the dog . 
Smoke alarms only lose battery life at 5:00 am and are always so high up they cannot be reached . 
Pretty Little Liars starts again tonight . 
Challenge accepted . 
I am , once again , the chairmaster . 
I was going to go to the gym immediately after work , and grabbed everything I need , except my shoes . 
Last night , at the gym , with every single machine next to me unused , the smelly guy picks the one immediately to my right . 
\Pain is weakness leaving the body . \ " -- Quote stolen off a fitness website . " 
When the artist you have created a station for in Pandora only has one album out so far , it might not be the best station ever created . 
So , it's Saturday . 
I love egyptian cotton sheets . 
I also love that the sample clips on iTunes are much longer than they used to be . 
Good lunch . 
I am pretty sure I saw < PROPFIRST > Ferrigno while driving to work this morning . 
Do you get your daily dose of reality ? If not feel free to take some of mine . 
The Jazz announcers need to stop saying , \Pants on the ground . \ " it was barely funny a year ago . " 
Finished Better Off < PROPMALE > last night . I will miss < PROPMALE > and Lem . 
Banana chairs are very conducive to painting toe nails ... and playing nintendo . 
I could really go for some of my grandparents ' homemade rootbeer . 
It is nice that when I randomly find myself singing to myself at work , no one can say anything because everyone in this building does it too . 
Name the movie with all the following actors : < PROPFIRST > Oldman , < PROPFIRST > Tucker , and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
I am so glad they brought back The End on 101.9 FM . The acoustic versions are always my favorite . 
I am thinking I need to find me a british indie pop singer guy like the one from The Kooks . 
I do so love < PROPFIRST > Lillard . 
I dreamt last night that I was teaaching cursive writing to elderly women , and I was great at it . 
Does anyone else remember that old dinosaur cartoon , We're Back ? 
Oh hey , American Idol starts tonight . 
I did not get one bunco last night . But I did get the brown sugar and fig lotion , which was actually my ultimate goal . 
Time for some SLC Punk . Hope it lives up to my expectations . 
So , < PROPFIRST > Downey Jr. is in town . I would not mind running into him . 
Broken Headlights by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is a 
There will be death tonight if the stupid smoke alarm does not stop beeping . Any 6ft+ individual want to come change the battery for us poor short little women ? 
Using this exercise ball as an office chair is not working our as well as I thought it would . It definitely needs more air . 
It's a car windows rolled down kind of day . 
The < PROPMALE > Smith song Somebody That I Used To Know should really be the theme of my 2010 . 
My eyes need more excitement ... who wants to play < PROPFEMALE > pong ? 
Mk , Iron & Wine on Conan last night ... not bad . I rather liked him more when I saw him live solo though . 
Watching the 6 foot 70 year old guy rocking the zumba class at the gym made the entire trip worth it . 
Soooo ... yep . Talk to me . 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong , wild , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you .. I'll be looking for the ladies who re-p 
There is always that one guy . 
You know when your alarm goes off and all of a sudden you get reeeeaaly comfortable ? Why can't that happen when you don't have to respond to the alarm ? 
\Why do birds suddenly appear ? \ " I suddenly want to watch The Simpsons . " 
Up until today , I quite liked < PROPMALE > from Get Fuzzy comics . Today , he is watching Jersey Shore . I can't like that . 
It is looking like June will be a nice busy month . Yes , I do already know . 
I am thoroughly enjoying Iron & Wine's new album . It is good morning music . 
Medicinal Marijuana users are in for a treat with the pot infused soda coming soon . What will they think of next ? 
If I were to write a book , it would be a book of excerpts . I can't come up with a plot line or good dialogue to save my life . 
I am not watching The Magic School Bus or Anything . Nope . 
St. < PROPFIRST > for President's Day weekend is a go . :) 
Here comes the storm do dun dodo . Here comes the storm and I say ... :P 
It has been a very bad week for typing for me . Come on fingers , get with it ! 
I need ideas for bunco prizes , as it is my turn to host next week . Also , what shouls we have for dinner with them ? I am wondering if I can just get away with $5.00 pizzas ... 
Pachuca Sunrise is a great song to put on when you have to do something you don't want to be doing . 
I tend to do a lot of things with my hands in my pockets . I also noticed I \cheers\ " people from across the room whenever I have a drink . Who do I think I am ? " 
22 < PROPMALE > to log onto Nike this weekend already , and there is still time for more . 
How am I today ? I just got a second chai . So yeah , not well . 
Moral of the story : If a drunk gambler wants to give you some chips , don't distract him with a question until after you have the chips in hand . 
Anyone want to buy me a Super Nintendo ? I will let you play too . 
Ti dum , ti < PROPFIRST > , a teedaly dum < PROPFIRST > day . We march along and these are the words we say . 
My favorite FedEx guy must have been a trainee because I have not seen him in a long time . :/ 
Who wants to go to Xetava on Monday afternoon ? 
Driving to St. < PROPFIRST > alone Friday evening . Anyone need to hitch a ride ? 
It's me ... in the thing . 
I should not be allowed to laugh . It gets annoying after a bit . 
If I didn't visit you this trip , you have firt priority next time I head down . Haha . < PROPFIRST > Smith Isom I saw you 3 times , so ... we will see about you ;) 
Gee , it sure would be swell if I could have a full night without coughing my lungs out . I would like to sleep . 
The blue people ! They're great , they're just ... chilled out . 
I just got called a \little latke full of cheese and cheer . \ " :) " 
My gas station < PROPMALE > quit his job . :( 
Retail therapy , for me , consists of jewelry , video games , and songs . Could be worse , right ? 
Life is always better when seen through eyes with freshly waxed brows . 
Score ! I now have in my hands an NES console complete with < PROPFEMALE > , Super < PROPFIRST > Brothers , and other games . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Madsen ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Macfarlane SmithAnd < PROPFIRST > Gubler : Acadec won't die . You can't escape it's clutches . Its darkness consumes . 
What did the ceramics maker become when he worked too many hours ? A Hairy Potter ... Gotta love the newspaper word jumbles . 
Not sure how I am feeling about opting to try a soy chai . It's definitely different . 
My name has been mistaken for < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > etc . Today was the first time anyone has ever thought I said Jenn . 
< PROPMALE > Rice = good for the soul on days like this . 
My eyelashes look fantastic today . 
Ogden bound . 
< PROPFEMALE > Jessop , some Five came on my iPod this morning . Good times . 
My whole life I have been surrounded by various extrememly talented people . You would think after 23 years , it would have rubbed off in some way . 
I miss my old familiar faces . I say we plan a big \reunion\ " in St. G . Hiking in Snow Canyon ? " 
Chai didn't help tonight . 
Does anyone else find the Red and Rover comic to be getting a bit uncomfortable ? 
It was so nice to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > Macfarlane Smith and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ( and the men folk of course ) at the same time for the first time in like ... 5-6 years . And < PROPFEMALE > Dickensen's party was also fun ! 
Reminiscing about supreme old Disney Channel Original Movies at radiothon . Still love them . 
I am pretty sure that every time i turn on 101.9 FM they are playing either Sweet Disposition or I'll Follow You Into The Dark . 
Today , I broke through the crack on my Dezeray's Hammer cd . I really liked that one too . :( 
I like the word skeleton . 
The newspaper I bought today was missing the E section . No comics or puzzles for me today . It's kind of ridiculous this is not the first time this has happened . 
One of the pretty little liars is sitting in a dark room listening to < PROPMALE > Smith on a loop . Yeah ... right . 
I do not have a pencil . I now have to be like Confucius and do my crossword with a pen . 
I have nothing on my mind . I am tired . 
Fair enough . 
< PROPMALE > Votolato should make me feel better tonight . 
I just registered for Salsa classes . You know , \Because people like to say salsa ! \"" 
Happy trails , until we meet again . 
