BREAKAWAY !!!! 

MEH - < PROPFEMALE > - KOH !!!!!... thats mexico for all yall that dont get it .... haha i said yall .... hahahahaha im bored 
lots of stuff to do .... i hate current events . 
im excited to go shopping for costumes and jeans with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > :)))) < PROPFEMALE > Newman < PROPFEMALE > Hancock 
ARRG ! i hate history ! ESPECIALLY the CONSTITUTION ! i dont understand it :( i dont understand history in general . lol . im smart until it comes to history . 
haha .. i just had the biggest longest laugh attack of my life ... i love my brotha :) 
this is just great . i get to sit in my house studying for the stupid constitution while everyone is going around getting < PROPFEMALE > . i want caandy < PROPFEMALE > bad . 
the pants aren't treating me too well . lol . 
OMG ! i hope i can do office t.a. with < PROPFEMALE > !!!! i will be mad if she does < PROPMALE > . but ill always love her :) lol 
Press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . Put this as your status if it works . after you follow all the steps scroll up or down ... then the circles will appear . It really works . i promis it is so weird !!! oh and you have to press refresh to make them go away :) WHOA ! 
omg . what is up with these stupid scam websites everyone is posting on my wall ? arrg . 
i am bored out of my mind . BLAH . 
sooooo bored . < PROPFEMALE > and i cant find anything to do . lol 
MMM .. CHEEEEEESE :) 
10 days til my birthday !!!! 
, watch a movie , and put up the christmas tree today ! < PROPFEMALE > finally gets to watch open season 2 .. haha 
< PROPFEMALE > IS LEAVING !!!! :(((((((( i never got to say bye .. thats sad :'( 
just had the best car ride home EVER . haha .. my brother is black .. hahaha .. he's HILARIOUS . 
ice creamm ... yummmm . 
ooohh boyy ... i gotta a LOT of things to do . 
cant wait until glee is on !!!!!! 
ARRG . i hate school . i have < PROPFEMALE > much homework !! BLEHHH . 
cant wait for the weekend ! 
I GOT 100% on the DBQ !!! YUHS ! 
is going target !! hahahahahahahahahahahahaha ... 
OMG ! I CANT WAIT FOR CHRIIISTMAAS TIME ... is here .. hahahaha ! 
IT'S CHRISTMAS < PROPFEMALE > !!! AHH !! LAST MINUTE CHRISTMAS SHOPPING ! VIDEO MAKING !!! BUSY BUSY DAY !!! 
SEND ME PRESENTS ON FARMVILLE :)))) lots and lots of presents ! 
making last minute christmas video with my cousins . every year we do some kind of entertainment ... either video , performance , or something ... fun fun stuff ... blood sweat and tears ... no tears yet . bahahahahahaa .... sigh . 
had a great day ! fun at church with adorable kids ! the best laugh ive ever had ! shopping with my mom ! i got some great stuff ! including lamb slippers !!! hahaha overall ammazing day !! :))) 
oh my goodness ! i just found out that you can microwave cookie dough and itll cook like it would in the oven ! cooking it in the oven is prob better , but microwaving it is so much faster ! did anyone else know this ?? i am so amazed right now !! 
i hate mrs. wainwright . she's the worst teacher on the planet . she makes everything 10x more complicated than they really are . 
is nibbling on CHEEEEESSSE :) 
I FINALLY GET TO COME TO RIPTIDE TONIGHT ! yuhs . 
oh my goodness . the funniest , weirdest thing happened to me just a minute ago . i washing the car outside , and i started spacing out ... and then these two missionary guys in suits standing on the sidewalk said \hi\ " and i totally flipped out . hahaha that was funny . " 
i hate history . stupid manifest < PROPFEMALE > . it doesn't make sense . grr ... i dont wanna study ... i wanna make GUMMY BEARS . lol 
:) 
eew . school is gross . lol . i dun wanna go tomorrow :/ 
4 MORE DAAAAAYYS !!! :DDDDD 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your first name under comments , here's mine :) 
1 MORE DAAAAY !!!!! I CANT WAIT !!!! please dont get sick , < PROPFEMALE > . pleeeaase . 
JUST GO BACK FROM THE MOST AMAZING WEEKEND EVER !!!! 
picture day tomorrow .. eww . 
for anyone in algebra with wainwright , i found a lifesaver . mathway.com factors the equations , so no need to guess and check tonights homework ! 
just finished helping my sister paint her room gray . so gloomy . but it looks cool 
eeew homework . blehh . 
omg . DO NOT watch the Hey , Soul Sister music video . watching it ruined the song for me . its not a bad video .. its just .... well if you love the song , dont watch it . 
ms. banker turned in the mugshot < PROPFEMALE > s and now theyre final . the font is ugly ( helvetiva ) , the borders are on even , and it does look too good :/ ... im too happy with it ... it might not be that bad , but i am terribly picky , and the fact that it was my < PROPFEMALE > and she did a lot of it make me a bit ... frustrated i guess ... sigh . i dont take credit for the mug shots anymore lol .. geez this is bugging me .. idk why .. lol 
AHHH !!! NOOO !!! THIS ISNT POSSIBLE !! HOW ??? it's friday . and that means tomorrow is saturday ... and then its sunday .. and then .. s .. sch .. schh .. school . how did spring break go by so fast ?!?!? i dont like this . bleh . 
had done absolutely nothing exciting this spring break ... until today .. but it wasn't a good thing lol .. i could totally wait til tomorrow .. sigh .. school . 
grrrr . if I were a bear , I think I might eat someone . 
grrrr . if I were a bear , I think I might eat someone ... still 
good morning starshine , the earth says hello :) 
I CANT BELIEVE THIS WEEK IS THE LAST WEEK OF THE SEASON ! ive only gone up once this season because something always happened to me . errr . i hope i can go on saturday !! 
MY LAST TRIP TO THE SLOPES IS TOMORROW !! :'( it will be legendary . I'm excited . so excitied I can't even express it . 
on my way to BOREAL !! This will be a memorable trip . yeaa I'm gonna do something legendary . hahaha yea right . 
I'm on my way back home ! the trip was GREAAT but now I have to get to church .. eerr I'm gonna be like and hour late . oi . 
youth week at church was fuun :) 
oh my goodness gracious . I am out of my mind when I'm bored . I cannot think straight . oi . 
I'm mad . crazy and angry . 
the shower is a magical place that really refreshes you on the inside and out . it totally cleared my mind and now I'm feeling better :) lol 
im trying to find the easiest cartoon to draw for ceramics .. 
omg . i feel terrible . because of me , my bro might be in fault . oh no . 
is watching GLEE ! 
my computer is SO SLOW . it needs to just break so we can get a new one :) lol 
wouldn't it be cool if every place had one kind of weather and every other place you went had a different kind .. weird . 
I just realized , I'm gonna fail the math < PROPFEMALE > test . I cannot remember anything I learned from the beginning or middle of the year .. oh boy . 
shhchool .. sigh . 
just got back from < PROPMALE > furby's go away party and is gonna watch the blindside ! can't wait !! 
just watched the blindside :) AMAZING movie . I loved it ! 
I LOST MY PHONE . i didnt think i was one of those people who needed ther phone , but I AM . i cannot function ... oh boy .. im dying here . 
SO HAPPY ! i have a phone ! well not the one i lost , but the same kind .. but that means i dont have any contacts .. so i need your < PROPFIRST > ! 
HAIL AND RAIN AND LIGHTING AND THUNDER !!! AHHH !! 
HAPPY DAY !!! i officially have my phone now !! so text me and tell me who it is ! 
watching GLEE :D 
who's doing BREAKAWAY ?!?!?! 
Going to church .. TEAM TACO ALL THE WAY BABAY ! 
working on the poetry and quilt project . yay . so fun . sarcasm . 
who's doing the first week of breakaway ??? 
good night world ;) 
I wanna do something today ... besides wash the cars and do chores .. hmm 
I'm going on an adventure to get a cage for a < PROPFEMALE > my uncle found . Its a parakeet ! A cute , fat parakeet . 
Ahh ! I hate hisory . I better do well on the exam tomorrow .. err . 
I have so much homework !! Errr . 
I hope I do well on the essay !! 
happy mother's day :) 
Wow . So many crying kids . I worked in 2 year olds today ... I am so tired . All the kids were crying and running up to me . Sigh . Well that's over .. 
just went to mas for lunch .. oi .. so full ... but best mexican restaurant evaa . 
GLEEEEEEEE :D haha oh glee 
Eeww I'm at the gym :( 
I'm CRAVING sushi ... mmm . 
What is up with the weather ?? Just saturday it was HOT and in only 3 days , it rains . It's may flowers not may showers !! World , you've got it all wrong . 
Arrr . I'm a pirate . And I'm frustrated with the stupid essay were doing tomorrow .. i better do well . 
Its crazaay how many songs my bro knows .. Hahaha 
Going to yosemite with mi familia for el weekendo ! Yay ? i dun know . well see .. lol 
why can't school just be over .. errr ... iduwanna finish my american invention essay . 
i LOVE green pears :) 
its only 82° outside but its scorching hot . oh what this cold weather has done to us . 
Breakaway training ! Can't wait til next week ! 
Delicious din din :) 
im confused .. kinda worried .. idk whats going on .. 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > world tomorrow :) I hope its in the 70's so I don't die of heat . Oh boy please don't be hot ! 
Coming back home from six flags ! I rode medusa , roar , and kong for the first time !! Fun stuff ! 
just took an amazingly refreshing shower and now i feel clean yay :) 
Something is wrong with our math teacher . She's giving us a quiz on the second to last day of school . Who does that ?? Err . 
summaah tiime :) < PROPFEMALE > 
CANT WAIT TO SLEEP IN !!!! Good night , sleep tight , don't let the bed bugs bite :) 
So much for sleeping in . I woke up at 8:23 . 
i think someone stole my moneys .. 25 hard worked for cha-chang gone . awesome possum . but possums aren't awesome so .. 
washing cars , then chores , then cleaning the bathroom , then getting ready for steph's party 
aww :( I missed the bridge ! that movie last night made me wake up late sigh . its ok , I get to see the kiddies at 11:30 :) 
Let's BREAKAWAY to the ARCTIC FREEZE TOMORROW !! I can't wait to meet my little guys ! 
i love it when i cant stop laughing :) 
10 HOURS ' TIL BREAKAWAY !!! 
Summer small group kick off ! 
I love my breakaway group !! 4 and 5 year olds are the cutest !!!! 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > sad !!!! Breakaway is over this week :( I won't be seeing my kiddies cute little faces anymore !! 
Just came out of a crowded igloo where we were playing mafia , would you rather , and telephone while eating goldfish with elemenatary kids .. fun stuff ! 
Iduhwanna clean . 
Won't be at the bridge today or next week :( I'm gonna be missing 3 weeks in a row ! 
So I accidentally left the house with these ugly shoes and were locked out of the house , so I have to go shopping in big ugly sandals .. yee .. 
in an amazing , happy mood :) i love breakaway !! 
im gonna miss breakaway so much !! :'( i hope i get to see all the kids at church again ! 
I think I'm breathing cows . I'm about to die with this smell . 
Oh my goodness . All I can smell in my car is cows . AGAIN . I'm gonna seriously die . Bleeehh !! 
I'm FINALLY home after that 9 hr drive !! I'm so happy to be back in roseville .. except for this disgusting weather ... SO HOT . 
Having a broken a/c doesn't come in handy when it's 100 . in your house . Not at all . 
Gotta wash the cars now , inside and out . And after that , I get to do my chores . Yay . Sigh . 
I'm locked out of my house right now .. Luckily we have a pool house though ! So I'm sitting in it waiting for someone to pick up their phone or come home .. Lol 
Firework time :D 
snowboarding in july ?? YES ! now i love boreal :) 
So last week I had something to do like everyday , but this week I've had nothing to do like ... everyday . Not cool . I'm so BOREDDUH . 
GOING TO ICING ON THE CUPCAKE !!!! :D 
Just saw DESPICABLE ME !!! I loved it ! IT'S SO FLUUFFYYY ! Bahahahahahhaha ! But now I'm home ... bored .. sigh . 
AAAHH !! MY MOUTH IS BURNING LIKE A WILDFIRE . The burning won't go away !!! 20 < PROPFEMALE > after I rinsed my mouth with mouthwash , my cheeks are burning like CRAZZAAAY ?? 
its pathetic how little ive done this summer . its almost coming to an end and a majority of it had been spent at home , bored to death , with nothing to do . doesnt that sound fun ? 
I watched toy story 1 a while ago , just finished toy story 2 , time for toy story 3 :D 
im hoping to be able to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s tomorrow and help her pack for washington !! 
gonna go to sunsplash with cass and cass , and then < PROPFEMALE>'s coming over :) 
I am SO out of shape . 
I think I messed up my wrist . Awesome possum . 
So I gotta wash the cars , which will take about 2-3 hrs , then I have to clean the bathrooms which will take an hour or so , and then chores which is another hour 
Oh . My . Goodness . Gracious . I only have 2 more weeks until school starts . 2 WEEKS ! That's ridiculous ! :( I can't go back yet . I need to accomplish a little more of something called fun , not boredom . 
had fun at church today :) the message was great , and the kids were awesome . I love bayside 
OH . MY GOODNESS . I just went through 20 < PROPFEMALE > of pure torture . I'm gonna collapse . I'm gonna be so sore tomorrow . Yayy .. 
i am so sore . 
Mmmmm ... ice cream :) in a cone ! 
My sister is going to germany .. in a month .. for 6 months ??? This is gonna take a while for me to process ... 
So here I am in safeway with this white tattooed trucker listening to black music with the bass turned up to the < PROPMALE > .. Hahahhahahaa . 
i am < PROPFEMALE > happy :) i LOVE bayside church and all the wonderful people there !!! i am in such a good mood !! 
so school starts in 1 week .. NUNCA . 
nooo !!! link crew tomorrow !! im fine with going to link crew , but i dont wanna see anyone tomorrow , itll make me feel too much like school has started :( .. and im just not too much of a people person especially during the summer . lol 
just saw < PROPFIRST > st. cloud !! i loved it , but i still dont undertand it .. 
i just made THE MOST DELICIOUS smoothie EVER . frozen peaches , frozen mangoes , frozen strawberries , and frozen yogurt .. so thick and deeeelish !!! it took quite a while since we own a terrible blender , but it was worth it . YUMM 
hanging out with one of the coolest 8th graders everr !!... lacey :(( 
eew school . am i the only person not excited for high school ? i am just sad my summer is almost all over . 
summer has officially ended . huu-zaah . 
first day of school and i already have homework . what is this ?? 
at the gym . 
I woke up at 7:10 and left at 7:15 . Wow . I am speedy ! 
mmm mm steak :) 
Going bowling with the \fam \"" 
I don't wanna go to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > :( I'm gonna miss seeing everyone tomorrow . 
Yes ! Mini day !! 
Mmm mmm < PROPMALE > NUGGETS : 9 
i hate basic < PROPMALE > . what is the point of < PROPMALE > ist a day . writing it down in our sketchbooks doesnt do anything for us . 
Oh my goodness gracious . I've been sick for 2 weeks with just a cough and I am sick of it . My abs are hurting from coughing so much lol . When will it end !! 
omg its freezing outside . sooo cold !! just walking through the parking lot almost gave me frostbite . not really but really lol 
i gotta busy day today ! wow it feels good to know I have things to do today haha finally I have a life ! 
today was a GREAT day until i realized ... i have chores . awesome . 
its my sister's last day here :( i know that it is , but i dont feel like she's really gonna leave . 
Now its all real to me . My sister's leaving . For real . Gone until christmas . Back for a week . Then off again for 3 more months .. :( sigh . 
OMG . I've been sick for 3 weeks . This is ridiculous . When will it end !! 
It is HOT . 
< PROPFEMALE > Hancock , nothing beats my dragon . 
Went to old sac , took pictures , went to chalk it up , took more pictures , and now going home , then to camile's!! 
i hope i can go !!! 
One pet peeve of mine : sweat hands . 
bio midterms . yuck . 
GOOO BROOO !!!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > WON HOMECOMING < PROPMALE > !!!!!!! OMMGG !!!! 
cold stone creamery :) 
i basically spent my whole day with kids today :) 
so I had to stop working on my essay to drive to the sprint store and wait for 45 < PROPFEMALE > while I thought I'd get my phone , all so they could say , I'm not legible to get an upgrade for another month . man , I totally got my hopes up ! argg 
Yes !!! Its finally in the 70's!!! Its officially fall !! 
How long are temporary tattoo's supposed to last ?? Mine stayed on for more than a month haha I'm so proud of my dragon 
ITS RAINING :D actually just really lightly sprinkling , but still ! 
I want a soft pretzel !!! 
goodbye school , hellooo sleep :) haha im so happy for tomorrow ! 
yaayyy I won !! :DD but now its a matter of my responsibility for me to be able to go .. this will be hard , but I will do whatever it takes to go to mexico ! 
I already miss the sunshine 
last night , i got into bed around 7:30 and fell asleep around 8 or 8:30 :) 
BEST day of my LIFE . I got pooped on my head by a bird at lunch , missed half of spanish class to wash my head off with cold water , and dry my hair with mounds paper towels :) thank youu @terradickinson . 
got my pixi FINALLY and i love it !! getting new stuff is so fun !! 
getting my box for kids-in-a-box !! 
FUN but MESSY day with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > hahhahhaha 
i cant wait for kids-in-a-box !!! 
Oh boy haha I left the house in my fuzzy slippers and miss matching socks aha 
FINALLY watching TOY STORY 3 !! :D 
made a marshmallow fondant chocolate cake yeesterday and I'm gonna make an oreo cheesecake todaay :) I love baking ! 
warm in my down blanket sitting outside of urban outfitters :) 50 < PROPFEMALE > to go .. yay . 
I'm pretty much dead right now . I've been up since 9am without one minute of sleep . 
i'll be 15 in 7 days !! 
mrs. sund definitely hates me , but it's ok cause the feeling's mutual :P 
thanks for all the birthday wishes :) today was wuunnerful ! now just 3 weeks til christmas , a few months til im braces FREE , 4 months til MEXICALI , and 6 more months til i can get a permit !! exciting stuff ! 
had so much fun on my way to and at < PROPFEMALE>'s helpers ! 
i am great at studying and being focusing and not at all ever being distracted by anything ever . 
who knows how to snowboard or ski and has their own board/gear/stuff ?? 
yay . studying for biology . 
whoa . it wasnt raining , and the second there was thunder , it was POURING . not even joking . < PROPFEMALE > weird ! 
omg . i just spent the last 3 hours with the CUTEST twin 2 year old boys :) 
just made a fondant cake for christmas with my cousin and trusty elves :D it took a lot of frustration and perseverance to not give up , but it looks somewhat decent now haha 
its almost CHREEEESSTMAAHS :D 
i just finished getting my hair cut for the first time since 7th grade ! I got about 5 inches cut off , it feels so weird .. 
MERRYY CHREESSTMAAHS EVERYONE :D aand happy birthday JESUS ! 
on our way to BOREAL :D 
ive been stuck on this stupid lift for OVER 10 MINUTES . not even exagerrating a little . it's SO COLD . 
im kinda confused .. if frosh survey/geography class was dropped , where do i go for 2nd period cuz my schedule hasnt changed . 
cant wait for tomorrow :D gonna go snowboarding con mi hermano y padre and attempt to learn some tricks haha 
on our way to the snow and I got the whole back seat to myself :DD this is exciting :) 
I finally landed a jump ! :D it may not be that amazing and also may have been a really small jump , but I could barely even make it over the jump before so this is huge for me haha 
oh my GAAHH my mom just got a juicer and now im being forced to drink her disgusting vegetable juice concoctions . WHY . 
should i graduate high school early ? 
ok i think ive decided .. im gonna stay in high school for at least one semester of my senior year and do IB certificate :) 
the lip sync show was great , but t-swizzle and t-pizzle definitely shouldve won haha 
i wanna go snowboarding on mondaayyyuh 
went to < PROPMALE>'s and target with < PROPFEMALE > Lim , < PROPFEMALE > Su , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > :D 
i need SUGAR . im not allowed to have sugar until im not sick anymore .. this is so depressing . 
is it weird that i love watching infomericals ? hahaha the completely practical and necessary and useful products they come up with , amazing and not what so ever , cheesy acting , awesome narration that doesnt at all exagerrate the ability of the product or great ease it will give us with just 5 easy payments of $19.95 .. and im not being sarcastic cuz im never sarcastic . ever . ;) 
the snow was amazing , the weather was perfectly cold , but my snowboarding wasn't too good haha . I wiped out 3 times , got stuck in a bunch of powder , and fell 2 times off a jump lol , but it was all fun and pretty exhausting :) 
how do you draw from the perspective of an ant ??? 
I should really get some rain boots .. 
you jump to the right and you shake a hand\ 
and you jump to the left and you shake that hand\ 
you meet new friends , you tie some yarn\ 
and thats how you do the scarn 
I LOVE CHEEZ-ITZ :D 
i love < PROPFEMALE > michaelson <3 i dont think ive listened to one song from her that i dont like :) 
i cant wait for gladiator night :DD 
GLADIATOR NIGHT :DD GO FRESHMAN ! 
freshmen lost , not just lost , but got 4th place ... well make our come back next year , watch out . 
oh my goodness gracious . driver's < PROPMALE > is the most boring , hard-to-stay-focus < PROPMALE > thing ever . why does learning how to drive have to be so blaahh 
MY SHEESHTER IS COMING HOME IN 24 HOURS :DD 
i grew !! i just saw my sister this morning and three months ago , i was shorter than her , but now she's shorter than me !! :DD haha yayy 
my brother died .. :O I knew he was a part of it , but I had no idea he actually died . 
eww . i hate ants !! stupid scout ants are infesting my dresser and now I'm on an ant look out . 
