Welcome to a beautiful Suday . Yeah it's hot & muggy , but it still holds all the promise of a great day . Sunshine AND later , storm showers ... it's the best of both worlds . 

God I hate Monday's so much !!! 
Home briefly for lunch . Terrible Tuesday is living up to its name . Jeez < PROPFEMALE > its insane at work ! And I'm still worried about my girl J-lo . 
Happy Friday's-Eve!! Heh heh . I can start to see a light at the end of the tunnel . Anyone making their weekend plans already ? I know I am . Hope today will be good to all of us . 
TGIF !!! What's everyone planning ? Nothing is on my schedule book [ yet ] except to let my hair down ( what little I have left ) . LOL ! 
What a great weekend I had , ( and I have the aches , pains & fatigue to prove it ) . Even though I feel ready to handle whatever this week can throw , I'd still be happy if it zips by as quickly as possible . Heh ! But whatever -- lets all promise ourselves to not let anything or anyone get us down this week . Deal ? 
TGIF ! That god this week is over . I hope everyone kicks off their shoes & party to their hearts content ( or at least as far as their wallet/purse allows , heh ) . 
omg , I woke up this morning with only 3 hrs sleep and a hangover ! It could only have been a hangover since 2 tylenols didn't even touch it . I don't know why but I tend to party harder on Sudays more than I do Fridays . Que Menso ! 
Omg , it's going to be a high of 107 today ! If I put a frozen chicken pot pie in my car it would probably bake in 20 < PROPFEMALE > ! Anyone have sunscreen SPF 215 ? 
I'm so tired , and work has never been so stressful . I sense a GREAT disturbance in the force .... Please send me all the good thoughts , positive energy & prayers you can . Thanks guys . 
Why do we call Wednesdays \hump day\ " when most people get laid on the weekend ? Hmm ? Just wondering . :-p " 
ok . got too close to someone this weekend ; im home early from work early with big flu symptoms . Temp is 102.4 now , feel like my body got run over by a semi . getting ready to see the doc . Dammit . 
HAPPY HALLOWEENIE people . Here's wishing everyone has a safe but fun time tonight . I also want to add that ....... wait ....... who are you ? What are you doing here in my room ..... what the --- is that a knife ?? Hey , I was only joking about that mask last night . No hard feelings right ?? HEY ! Get away from me man ! Get ....... HEY ..... stop that ! HEY .... SOMEBODY HELP ME ....... THIS GUY'S GONNA ....... GAAAAAARRRHHGGHH !!!! 
November 2nd . The begining of Turkey month . Oh lordy ! We all better re-new our gym memberships !! 
\I don't approve of political jokes ..... I've seen too many of them get elected . \"" 
It's 43 degrees outside this morning , and I just heard the weatherman on T.V. say it's \chilly\ " . I need to drive down to the station and slap the *&^ ! @ out of him ! " 
A high of 71 today ?? OOooohhh weeee ... big deal . I guess that means I can get away with wearing only 2 layers of clothing instead of 3 or 4 . Get used to this people , you'll see me get worse as the Winter moves on ... like a snowball rolling downhill . 
For the 1st time in a long while I look upon this Holiday for what it was meant to be ; to be thankful for all the blessings God has bestowed on me -- Family , husband , friends , health , job , home , car , food , & thermal underwear . :-) 
For Thanksgiving dinner I only had 1 plate/serving of food , and the portions were itty bitty eensie teensy nibble size . WHAT THE HELL WAS I THINKING ?!?!?! 
Flying out to Vegas tomorrow morning . I can't believe I'm trading out Tucson's beautiful 80 degree weather for Vegas's 64 degree chill . I HATE the cold ! But with the friends I plan to meet there , I won't think twice about the cold -- namely Senior < PROPFIRST > Cuervo , Captain < PROPFIRST > , and Mr Absolut . < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well it's 1:20 pm and I just woke up after surviving my 1st night in Las Vegas . Dear lord I almost forgot how hard Vegas kicks my a** ! Never mind that I can't remember the name of that hot guy I met last night , I can't even remember my own ! 
Until Dec 6 , joining people in protest against child abuse by loading profile pic of ( one of ) my favorite cartoons . 
The World : \Better hurry 
Saturday's Christmas show at Brodies Tavern was a success ! With the help of a great crowd & generous contributers , we managed to raise approx $500 for the needy children of Balboa Hights neighborhood . I want to thank everyone that was able to make it to the even , and to thank all for the generous & humbling positive feedback . We'll be getting ready for the next show in February . :-) 
This is just a simple wish to all my friends & family that I hope we all have a safe & fun weekend . Seven ( counting today ) more days left til Christmas , and 14 til New Years - how exciting ! I have a really good feeling about the next 2 weeks . :-) 
Faith and fear cannot co-exist . I choose faith ! Thank you God for all my blessings , even the ones I'm not aware of . 
2010 . What a confusing , stressful , challenging year . Now that it's almost over , I know now what I need to do for myself . Look out 2011 -- I'm on my way ! 
Every so often in life , a year will come by that will kick you in the pants & force you to either fly or fall . You all know what I'm talking about right ? When you have no choice but to grow from the pain & tough lessons , or wither away into nothing . I'm convinced 2011 is going to be one of those years for me . It's already happening .... and it's barely February . Dear lord . 
