i'm so happy i have music 

haha wtf . no longer moving to seattle . going to .... AUSTIN TEXAS ? AHAHAHA BACK TO TEXAS FUCKERS 
is a hot post-surgery mess . mmmm ice packs 
manswers claim that you can be hypnotized by bouncing boobies . spike tv : you now have my undivided attention . 
loves vegas <3 
is worried that the protagonists he most identifies with are all crazies T_T 
psycho killer , qu'est-ce que c'est ? <3 
i stayed away from facebook for 4 days . -_- fml 
watching mad men makes me wanna start smoking again D: halp ! 
atheists can never solve exponential equations because they don't believe in higher powers . hardy har :D 
bullrider and red bull ... my life just got a whole lot more .... literal ? wtf 
why am productive only from the hours of 11 pm to 3 am . o_O 
is so sick of all of this self help , twelve step , leftover hippie generation bullshit :D 
you're my love fool-osophy . i don't want the world i want you <3 
JAM-IR-O-QUAI :D 
EVERYONE LOVES KATAMARI <3 
turns like a wheel inside a wheel (: 
... fuck . some random facebook application just pwned my nuts . i'm sorry if i sent you a notification . \ this is bullshit . lol " 
itsuka hagurma no you ni subete ga kasanaru you ni 
VALLLEEEEEEYYYYYYY . * takes deep breath * OOOOGGGGGRREEEEEEEE :O 
showing more breath than I felt , and said to him , “Go on , for I am strong and resolute . ” 
LUFFY IS BACCCCKKKKKKKKKKKK >:O 
NIPPON . KUCHIYOSE NO JUTSU 
pacquiao v clottey . i know its gonna go to pac man but i want ghana to pull through for once :( GO CLOTTTTTTEEEYYYY DAHAHAHAHAH 
some guy thinks that businessmen planned the economic crashes of 1920 and of recent . conspiracy theory is stupid theory . -_- x OR IS IT ?!?! o_O 
futures , made of , virtual insanity . for useless , twisting , of our new technology . oh how there is no sound , for we all live underground . <3 
verily all things move within your being in constant half embrace , the desired and the dreaded , the repugnant and the cherished . these things move within you as lights and shadows in pairs that cling . 
listening to abingdon boys school makes me wanna finish d gray man :D 
MAAAAAAAAN . DAS SOME OL ' BULLLLL SHIT 
haha i love how people think status updates about our government's \socialism\ " makes them look well-informed . no . it makes you look like an ignorant douche . your limited college education is not a sufficient basis for the healthcare policy of 307 million people . //end hating rant " 
thinks its hilarious how quickly the dormant racism of some christians come out when i tell them of the possibility that jesus was black . lawl-er-skates 
LSAT LSAT LSAT LSAT LSAT LSAT LSAT LSAT LSAT LAST ! :D or first -_- x fuck 
biggie is the fucking man <3 hahahaha 
dude they better show < PROPMALE > today on Southpark or else i'm going to commit unspeakable hate crimes -_- x 
nut flush draw with top pair on flop . dude flips a set . fml . ahahaha 
loves how psuedo-intellectual douche bags write really long , semi-philosophical status updates . it gets even better when they gather a following because apparently philosophies rendered via status update are fucking genius . plz read a book , get laid , or find another way to express your angst . kthnx <3 sincerely , a hater . 
is convinced that ATB gives him supernatural powers <3 
LOOKS LIKE ITS TIME TO OIL UPPPPP ! SSFIV <3 <3 <3 
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA =D 
mayweather your ass better win against mosley 
I'm pretty sure the majority of < PROPMALE > Marley's music is a random reggae beat with him blown as hell trying to sing along . bahahaha <3 
its a strange world we live in where nature can be against the law 
i suck ass at starcraft 2 but ITS SOOOOO COOL <3 
so which one are you ? do you just talk about it ? or do you stand up and do something about it ? cause believe you me , all the rest of it is just coffee house bullshit . 
army of pharaohs never make love songs , we finger-fuck bitches with < PROPMALE > krueger gloves on <3 
AHAHAHAHAH I'M GOING TO EDC SUCKKAAAAA 
< PROPFIRST > chow is my hero . ahahaha 
“Instead of studying for finals , what about just going to the Bahamas and catching some rays ? Maybe you'll flunk , but you might have flunked anyway ; that's my point . ” 
motherfacking insomnia decides to strike now ?! fml 
away on a business trip 
i'm way late ... but , DAFT PUNK IS DOING TRON'S SOUNDTRACK O_O SEX OMG 
Saturday morning the sun is high so I can underline . All of my hopes to get out from my tears . So I , I can brighten . YAAA HAAAA 
has realized his status updates consist of hatred on the LSAT , random song lyrics , and dissing on people who say dumb shit . fml 
wtf . glee got better . like a lot better . i'm still up watching it o_O 
“I am an evil giraffe , and I shall eat more leaves from this tree then perhaps I should , so that other giraffes may die” 
so yesterday i was told by someone that 9/11 is a lie , < PROPFEMALE > is poor , and that capitalism doesn't work . it appears that stupidity leaves its < PROPFIRST > evenly across the political spectrum . thank you wikipedia for making people think they're qualified experts after a cursory read on the subject . 
today is a sad day . starcraft 2 beta is gone ;_; 
