Trying to learn how to use facebook after EFY . Good times . 

Very very bored . I have done almost nothing since I got home 
Get to go on a canoeing trip tomorrow . Pretty excited but also have a feeling it might get boring because its eight hours long . 
Back from canoeing . Had a blast and didnt fall in til the end when we all jumped in on a rope . Car broke down afterwards though . 
Just got back from math camp . O ya , I would post pictures but they are all of calculators . Lol , but it was actually kind of fun . It was mostly screwing around . 
School sucks ! 
USC is gona kick butt tonight ! 
How bout dem Cowboys 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > has the greatest Poker-Face of all time . He won the 1983 World Series of Poker , despite holding only a Joker , a Get out of Jail Free Monopoloy card , a 2 of clubs , 7 of spades and a green #4 card from the game UNO . 
We lost ... to Washington ? 
Cowboys are going to crush the Giants tonight ! 
is going to the movies , should be pretty good . 
Ya , How Bout Dem Cowboys ! 
Cross Country Season is over , not sure wether to be happy or sad 
Cowboys are gona own the Falcons today ! 
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second . When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour . That's relativity . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Just saw Paranormal Activity . It was pretty good but not nearly what people have been playing it up to be . 
Had a good practice with Zufalig 
If the facts don't fit the theory , change the facts . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Borderlands is amazing ! 
So today I got a box of 120 crayons . I counted to see if they were all there , they were . But then someone said that there couldn't possibly be 120 different colors so I decided to prove him wrong by going through them all . He was right turns out there are 2 blue greens and 2 yellow greens in the box . So I called the company and complained . Guess whos getting a new box and two coloring books in the mail ? 
I'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets . 
Thanks for the happy birthdays everyone . I just had a baby cousin born on the same day , pretty cool . 
USA Today has come out with a new survey : Apparently three out of four people make up 75 percent of the population . 
Did you know that if you watch Jaws backwards , it about a shark who throws up a ton of people until their are so many people that they open up a beach . 
Man . After that Cowboys game I think Romo is back with < PROPFEMALE > . 
I have never been hurt by what I have not said . < PROPMALE > Coolidge 
Are we growing up or just going down ? It's just a matter of time until we're all found out Take her tears , put them on ice Cause I swear I'd burn this city down to show you the light 
I've often wanted to drown my troubles , but I can't get my wife to go swimming . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
A man explained inflation to his wife thus : ' When we married , you measured 36-24-36 . Now you're 42-42-42 . There's more of you , but you are not worth as much . ' 
Bout to go down to Tennesse for Thanksgiving . 
So glad I had the entire week to do my homework so I could do it all Sunday afternoon . 
AP English Essay Complete ! :-) 
The closest to perfection a person ever comes is when he fills out a job application form 
Read my riddle , I pray . What God never sees , what the < PROPMALE > seldom sees , and what we see every day . What is it ? 
Man , what is up with everybodys drama . Its **** ing high school , get over it . 
Does it make me a bad person that I was really happy when I saw < PROPMALE > Tebow crying ? 
Bout ready to watch the Cowboys dominate the Giants 
Getting out of jury duty is easy . The trick is to say you're prejudiced against all races . - < PROPMALE > J Simpson . 
Just got my hair cut . Probably put a pic on later . 
Worst excuse for not turning in homework : I couldn't find anyone to copy it from . 
Why is it that when a guy makes fun of a girl he is sexist but when a girl makes fun of a guy she is an activist ? 
Cowboys got the Chargers today , should be a good one . 
Oxymorons : Happily Married , Microsoft Works , Canadian Army , United Nations , Government Organization , Military Intelligence , Temporary Tax Increase , Political Science , Rap Music , Religious Tolerance . 
I think I'm going to chalk up < PROPFIRST > Henery's death to evolution . Survival of the fittest . 
First night of Winter Break , did absolutly nothing 
My Cowboys be doing work , so long Saints undefeated season ! 
Hanging out in Wylusing , Pennsylvania . Got pinch harmonics down finally ... sorta . 
Can't text til Sunday ... fells really lame that that bother me . 
Back home 
Computer magically just became virus free , how awesome is that ! 
Music is like < PROPFEMALE > , you throw away the rappers . 
IB History ( Mock ) IA Done ! 
Hey , all Calc BC kids who would be interested in coming to my house to study for the test Monday tell me so , and I guess like what time would be best for you so i can figure that out . 
Phone just broke , as if I wasn't bored enough 
We can't afford to be neutral on a moving train 
Dang :-( 
So what if Jesus turned water into wine ... I turned a whole student < PROPFEMALE > into beer once . Your move Jesus 
I think the worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades ... or a game of fake heart attack . -- Demetri < PROPFIRST > 
Bout to go to the movies 
The playoffs arn't as exciting without the < PROPFIRST > Cowboys in em 
Why are like 80 percent of the things posted a facebook people joining groups or becoming fans ? 
Rockclimbing ... kinda crazy , and I got a free month pass , thanks Fairmont Athletic Boosters ! 
Kind of excited for Thursday and Friday but probably should say why . I think that stay within Calc BC . 
Laser tag tonight ! Lol 
Guess who has a cell phone again ... this kid 
Interesting day --- took a practice Calc BC AP test at 8 and fell asleep til about now 
In 1939 , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > wrote a book originally titled , Ten Little Indians . However , the title was considered politically incorrect and changed to And Then There Were None . 
Deadliest Warrior tonight ... Heck ya ! 
UFC 114 tonight ! 
No More Exams !!! It feels kinda wierd that the school year is over . 
Walmart sells machetes for $7 . 
Back from vacation 
Started Muay Thai today ! 
is now qualified to operate a motor vehicle 
< PROPFIRST > cowboys first pre season game ! Heck ya ! 
Has anyone else looked at the tag on your shirt and realized its seen more of the world than you have ? 
Kinda ticked , I cant take Calculus 3 . 
Just had an adventure that involved me being pretty much lost in Centerville , and Indian guy , and me being unable to get gas . Yay ? 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , butsacrificing their own for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation ...... Week .... Repost if you are in the military ......, love a military member , hold memories of a fallen hero , or appreciate our Troops 
I always think of really cool posts then by the time I get home and get on facebook I forget them . Then I remember them and realize they were not actually very good to start with . 
Finished writing a song I started a year and a half ago ... I think I was depressed then 
\I've often thought that the process of aging could be slowed down if it had to go through Congress . \ " \ 
Originality is the fine < PROPMALE > of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it . 
I feel like Aristotle was an idiot . I mean really , are there any theories of his that have not been proven inncorrect ? If not , why does everybody still know about this guy ? 
I am not having fun being a Cowboys fan this year :-( 
Cowboys could really use a win ... for the sake of my self-esteem 
< PROPMALE > is gone ! Unfortunatley they replaced the guy contolling the struggling defense with the guy controlling the struggling offense . 
I ACCEPT SAID CHALLENGE ! Likethis and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I learned about you from your wall , 2 . The color you remind me of , 3 . My first memory of you , 4 . An animal you remind me of , 5 . Ask something I've always wanted to ask you , 6 . Give you a nickname , and 7 . Challenge you to make this as your status : 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes ! 
Finally !!! The Cowboys get a win !!! Super Bowl here we come ... or not 
Got my electric guitar fixed after it being broke for like 6 months !!! 
Accepted to Purdue 
Somedays I sit and think , hmmm I really wish I could be just like my sister . She is so cool , I wish I compared . I love her ! 
Anyone else really pumped that their coming out with another Elder Scrolls game ? 
Accepted into Rose-Hulman 
< PROPFIRST > Lenin dreamed of a world full of peace and love . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > dreamed of a world free of racial discrimination . The guy who invented the frisbe dreamed of a world where people throw a plastic disc at each other to pass time . His dream came true . 
Did you know you are three times more likely to die while driving to buy a lottery ticket than you are to actually win the lottery ? 
