lets start a riot 

fml now i just wana sit at home alone . fuck holidays . fuck ppl . fuck men . 
yoshi and kirby ... ur my only friends 
can you just pretend to be nice ? 
chips nd dip and a bottle of sailor jereys sounds good 
i cant wait for the new jersey shore ... thats sad 
hopefully seeing black swan today 
Don't Dream It , Be It ! 
yum ! jollyranchers ! 
god i hate being sick ... cat needs 2 stop snoring 
Its 12 am ... do u kn owhere ur sleep is ? 
hes always sleeping ... wata waste 
fucking god of war ... so lost ! 
dude ... yea ... fuck allergies . but ny who how is every1 ? 
dude 4 reals tho ... 
wow gamming really makes ur ass numb 
Uncle Bongs in suisun ... come ! 
You be love and ill be the liar 
I think ... my hands feel like ice 
Happy Zombie Jesus Day ! 
THERES SUGAR IN MY ASS !!! 
Cinnimon toast crunch ... how can u resist ... 
I HAS FRUIT LOOPS !!! 
facebook is growing ... lets talk sum time ppl ! 
I look inside myself and see my heart is Black 
When you are suffering know who sold you out . Fuck your opinions . Fuck your lack of spine . When you are miserable , Know that I'm just fine 
All your love is gone , So sing a lonely song Of a blue deep dream 
my tummy hurts =( 
Stop the fucking car 
Dont stop talking to me ... I havent been listening .... 
fuck today 
i need a drink 
damn cant go back 2 sleep 
fruit punch ... mmm 
Still alive ? 
fuck them scank ass hoes who are hella fake ... u kno wats up 
its time 4 spagetii .... NOW !! 
fuck this shit . i wana go back home ... santa < PROPFEMALE > is the place 4 me 
boys and their halo reach .... y cant i play ? Dx 
Need gas munney BAD ! 
never get tired of cake 
i hate being up this early with nothing 2 do ... txt meh ! 
aha !... btw yo girl ... is fuckin ugly 
Drugs . making the world go round 4 every1 else ... pathedic 
Sex And Violence ! 
in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and i wana party !!! or just < PROPFEMALE > out nd shit 
cant stop bein anxious ... andi cant breathe =/ 
vagina . all they do is bleed 
lets make cake ? 
its time 4 a beer run ... 
nehkid nehkid nehkid 
time 2 party ... but first must get clean ! 
bowling , DDR and mels ... wat more could i ask 4 
i ate 2 much cake ... thanx graduation week 
Shock the middle class , take it up your punk rock ass . \ 
\ 
You rub your little thing , when you see phony dykes in Penthouse magazine . 
So what's the difference Mr. Cream Rinse , you just need a man . A beefy leather fag , to take you out in drag oh yeah . 
never enough ... no . Never enough ice cream 
stand by me 
sex and violence 
Hope dangles on a strings like slow spinning redemption 
so much halo3 today ... not even funny like 4 hours straight . 
dominated 
need 2 find brawl ... so thirsty 
no1 can see u cry in the shower 
teryaki chicken ... mmmm 
money is the root of all evil ... and happiness 
i think i kno 2 many ppl on fb .... na not really =) 
stalkin ya mom 
They only want you when your 17 , when your 21 . Your no fun 
car is dead and i have work tommorow ... fml 
ooo am i tired ... need gas money any1 willing 2 help raise funds ? 
Love and lies ... which2 do u choose ? 
How could I know that every thing you said were lies about devotion and < PROPFEMALE > 
Why does the sun go on shining ? Dont they know its the end of the world ... 
so hot , melt ur popsicle ? 
But papa ... i just wanted 2 make friends 
team doubles is BULL SHIT ! 
i want sum god damn pasta ! PASTAFARIAN 4 LIFE ! 
no sleep ... but still on my way 2 work 
Every thing round me is goin down in chaos 
Ready 4 the new and last piercing =) 
i better be drunk by the time these fire works go off 
\Put a gun in my mouth And paint the walls with my brain \"" 
Chicken rice ... Rice chicken ? 
i had a drem i found my straightner .... damn you dreams ! 
4 the most part ... i hate my so-called-life 
the bitch will pay ... and yes there will be blood 
i need 2 drink more ... 
when ife gives u lemons .... tea bag the shit outa the next person u kill 
I NEED NEW PLUGS !!! 7/8 or 22mm IN SILICONE ! HIT ME UP ! 
i HATE custom games ... 
NOW DANCE FUCKER DANCE ! 
MOTHA FUCKIN TREE STARS ! -little foot 
sex ... who has it 
ya dun goof'd .... srsly 
i need 2 get out more ... 
mmm good day even tho had 2 work through the shit with a smile 
car needs 2 be fixed NAO 
time 2 drink ... yes ... time 2 drink 
i love horses ! < PROPFEMALE > is the best <3 
Take these misunderstandings , and send them back where they came from 
this fucking sucks alot ... like i dont even kno wat im gonna do about it 
i hope i have work tomorrow ut then again i dont ... message me ! 
I'd give you every thing ... if there was something left 
i just cant stop .... why would i ? =) 
tomorrow is the day ... i kno it 
woot 4 netflix ! 
well it looks like ima be pretty car-Lss here soon 
A hearts a heavy Burden ... 
work is gonna suck today ... i kno it 
We will Be Victorios 
it can only get worse from here ... o shit ! no mor halo !!! 
i just wana fuck sum slut ... i love livin in the city ! 
had 2 get a new phone so txt me 707 430 6009 
u butt heads still havent txtd me ... i need muh < PROPFIRST > back !!!! 
left my charger at adams ... gonna be boring tonight 
I missed eatin croutons wit ranch ... just wat i wanted 
mmm chicken dumplings 
gonna sell my piece-O-shit honda . tired of its shit nd always breaking down .... but good thingy gonna see avenge sevenfold in september . woo ! 
nerds are the best friends ever . No joke 
need car ... must ... survive . fml 
this is dildos 
ill kno wat YOUR purpose in life is .... cuz having a small < PROPMALE > isnt it 
that shit ... is nutz . 
jello shots ny 1 ? 
Not be bummy , Girl ya better give me that money 
another boring day ... 
need 2 be drunk ... wats goin down bitches ? 
the things ppl do for a pair of shoes ... 
yay ! red licorish ! no i cant spell it ... lol 
dont say ur inocent too soon ... 
when will i find the right person 2 strip my arms ? WHEN GOD WHEN ?!?!? 
this new car thingy needs 2 hurry up ... 4 reals 
lets call this the quiet sin =D 
baby shopping is gay ... when i have a kid ima just tell yall neggros 2 get me watever ... lol 
halo reach ... who has ? 
Reach man ... it'll fuck you up . I still havent gotten the < PROPFEMALE > of it ... AUTSIN ! I WILL SLAP YOUR SHIT !!! 
Freaks and Geek is my fav show <3 
i need a 360 soooo bad ! sell meh ? 
need 2 hurry up wit that xbox ... mhmm 
Tv makes me feel lonely ... idk y guess im just so used to watching it with ppl . 
Today ... i met furries 
sime day make u feel more alone than others ... this is one of them 
just call me < PROPFEMALE > of the morning . 
baby shower .... 2 much food .... will explode 
how did i get makeup in my nose ? 
“I don't want to try to be loved any more . \ 
I don't want to be scared any more . \ 
Or to kill any more . I don't want to kill any more . \ 
I don't want to be alone any more . \ 
I don't want to be anything any more . \ 
I don't need a reason to kill myself . \ 
I need a reason not to . ” 
omg the gym was so awsome ! i wana go every day 
O no ... hope this isnt a sore throat im feeling ... 
y do i gotta be so shy nd akward 
its sunday but it feelsl < PROPMALE > saturday 
I am never eatin habinaro pepers ever again ... tastey but never again 
your vagina is cancer 
just got my car ... ima post pics later . Damn it Feels good 2 be a gangster 
i feel like i need 2 unhing my jaw ... Stop Chewing !!! 
kinda makes u think when ppl move on so quickly to another relationship when their last 1 they said they were in love ... odd 
Let's fire it up . Haha ! Now , Sayonara ! Don't let them scare you When you're down on the floor bleeding , bastard . You'll be getting home real soon And I'll pray for you high health\ 
Don't let them scare you , When you're down on the floor bleeding , bastard . You'll be getting home real soon . 
sooo sleeeepppyyy but i need 2 work out 
coheed&cambria and attack attack is my work out music ... yep 
life gives u lemons ... stick then in sum1s eye 
I iz drunk ... on sunday ... feels good man . Lets talk 
i feel alone in a crowd of ppl ... how does that work ? 
Wtf is the point of a comforter cover !? It will be the death of me ... 
Why is the grim reaper jamacian 
toast wit strawberry jelly ... The shit 
failure is not an option ... but brain freeze is 
i hate not having conditioner 
i just dicoverd another reason i love my piercings 
' was this ghost being a smart ass ? ' ... lol i love ghost adventures 
a girl on ur arm wont make u a man . your all show and its getting old ... 
now i have 2 get an xbox ... no excuses 
great nite wit orion ... wana listen 2 accoustc now 
ok wheres the partys at friday night 
whos partyin tonight 
if no1 hits me up 2nite , bottle of bicardi nd tootsie rolls will be my savior 
i iz zombie 
Drunnken nights fun ... but cold 
fuck this ... fuck guy wit gfs ... 
but ... Do The < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! Stop ! pose for frame ! 
oh you fancy , huh ? 
i wish i knew wat i wanted 
ggrrrr wanted 2 make food . 
real me dont cry , they weap ... hows every1s day 
now im startin to hate work ... thank god for that pay check 
its bawww time ... 
work is gonna suck ... i kno it . yay for icey hot ! 
i hate the radio 
< PROPFIRST > j . fox = the flash 
i hear froggs outside my window 
theres a midget working at the car smog place ... made me smile 
last night ... lmao didnt expect that 
i will no longer be wat u expect from < PROPFEMALE > . i will be selebit till mariage . no more emotions and heart break from men or women . 
mary-'i need a midget 2 hold my boobs up for me ' lmao 
i wana cry ... starbucks , my friend 
you can fuck me when you love me 
damn u stuff to like !! keeping me up late ... ny ways , nite every1 
i woke up with a clowns hand down my pants ... thats wat i did today 
i wana move back home so bad ... 
I wana trick sum1 into eating brownies wit xlax in them ... lol im evil 
i almost fell in the bath tub-o plants ... u kno wat im talkin bout if u been to my house 
you wana piece of me ? 
i wanted free tacos T-T 
i miss tickling you 
omg fraggle rock ! 
u kno ur nerdy when fall in the middle of the street cuz ur 2 busy playn dr. mario ... and u could care less about ur scrapd knee nd more worried about the psp 
she put you in the friend zone .......... put her in the rape zone 
there was so much on my floor ... i need a hair cut 
i never wana get dressed after a shower ... damn decentcy 
damn u friday night ... 
fuck fridays ... they are lame nd ppl r homo 
mmmm smell good 
sweet jesus ... boring day again but dont wana drive . sad face 
sad panda ... today hasnt been the best . but theres always tomorrow 
fuck fairfield and its drama 
i take the \the\ " out of psychotherapist " 
mmmm foooooooooooooood 
sooo coldd ... damn this not the time heater for you to be brokken 
yay heater is on ... not in the mood 2 drive to the party 
you make me hate life ... and my phone 
i hate my vagina 
i throw my telescope in the air sayin aaayyyooo gallalayo 
past few days have made me so happy 
PUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDI 
i feel like i should have said it ... but i dont wana look like an ass and have it backfire 
today was horrible ... fml 
baww time 
i had a dream the guy from forgetting < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > was hitting on me ... wat can i say ? hes hot ;] 
just cut my hands off nd gimmie my check 
im so hungry ... but the ants are so bad i dont even wana cook 
today has been interesting thanx to will and < PROPFIRST > 
im kinda getting tired of these damn cartoon photos on ppls main ... wtf mate 
I can't believe you would give up your dignity \ 
Just to take a ride with me \ 
And how does it feel to be used \ 
Climb in the back seat Like luggage \ 
Whores don't trip They bleed on the tapestry\ 
Whores don't trip They bleed at the bar 
only you can make me feel so true 
competition ? yes i would love some =) 
i wana stay in bed forever and never leave my room ... maybe ppl will stop hurting then 
fuck work 
ppl who abuse and kill animals are monsters and deserve to be < PROPMALE > . 
xbox this weekend finally ! woo ! 
My mom likes LOLcats 
sum1 actually has the last name ' Glasscock ' and its a cop xD 
i found chips nd dip 
so many ppl online but no1 wants to talk ... sad face 
\i have to go to london ill be back tomorrow\ " \ " Are you gonna walk there ? \ " \ " Yes ! do you have a problem with that !? \"" 
MOTHA FUCKIN XBOX !!! 
i feel like i cant go 2 ny partys cuz u guys keep inviting slutty ppl 
Thanx to every1 for the love on muh birthday ... thank god for facebook nodifications xD 
fucking gross . cant use the shower cuz they doin stuff 2 it . im not happy 
bengay and vicodin ... wat would i do with out you ? 
yay for bar hopping ... but my tummy hurts now =( 
im not locked in here with you ... your locked in here with me 
< PROPFIRST > makes me wana put tapitio on EVERYTHING 
if it wasnt for that paycheck ... 
cosmo says the perfect age to have a baby is between 25 - 35 . so knock off all that young baby makkin kids 
some times i feel like < PROPFEMALE > spears ... you wana piece of me ? 
thats it ... bye bye men , hello vibrators ! 
im glad it happened this way but still cautious 
And I dont know why ... I dont know why I fight for you this way . 
some times i wish i could forget how to breathe 
I'm here if you want me , im yours , you can hold me . im empty and aching and tumbling and breakin cause you don't see me and you don't need me and you don't love me the way i wish you would ... the way i know you could 
Why do you do what you do to me ? your shaking my confidence driving me crazy . you know if I could I'd do anything for you ... please dont ignore me cause you know i adore you 
knock knock . whos there . you like food 
i have just discoved in shower loation ... the best 
get my jollies off . eat sum pizza . go 2 bed . all in all good night 4 me 
burnt toast is all bad ... but ill still have 
i wana feel safe in his arms ... but will he kno that its where i wana be for the rest of my life ... some times i feel like the guy i fall for wont fall as hard as me or not at all =/ 
Sac anime ! Fuck yea ! Hot ppl ever where ! Im drunk 2 
i <3 munchies 
so i had a dream < PROPFIRST > tosh was tryn to bone me ... hey atleast he was a good kisser in my dream 
my tummy hurts ... and i have work 
so i think 1 of my fantisies is to break into sum1s house nd have sex . i keep dreaming about it 
omg free netflix im so happy ! 
great time last night but im never sleeping on hard wood floors again . oww my back 
Bitch i am < PROPMALE > . Apple . Bite me . 
im so sick of ppl posting pics of their farmville ... its ghey 
if animals are a good judge of charecter , does that make Me a good person ? 
last piece of red < PROPFEMALE > cake ... fuck yea 
Playing poker while listening to lady gagas song ' poker face ' xD 
Playing poker while listening to lady gagas song ' poker face ' ... you dawg 
Flips just need to learn to go for mexican chicks . planin nd simple 
is it 2 much to ask for sum god damn toast around here ?!?!? 
youll never kno how i feel because you dont care . i cant have you because youll never see how well we can compliment eachother . why dont you see me the way i see you ? i could give undying love but youd never kno cuz you wont give the < PROPMALE > ... 
orange chicken sauce on chicken nuggets is the shit ... lol 
is it me or is < PROPFEMALE > really ugly ? 
Can you see that i am human ? I am breathing ... but you dont give a damn . Can you feel my heart is beatin ? Can you see the pain your causing me ? 
your on another planet but i wana be there with you 
i hate be a spoiled brat ... i feel like i never get wat i want 
Omg ... true life has an episode wit girls wit broken vaginas ... ive never laughed so hard in my life 
i hate being quiet 
fuck mondays 
being naked is the life 4 me 
i like < PROPMALE > the cat better when he didnt talk 
all you need in life is vagina and bread 
ew woke up wit a sore throat ... fuck work 
druuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnk !!!!!!!! 
black nd yellow ? why cant it be green nd blue 
wat to do tonight ...? 
halo ... all day 
pooping is the shit 
fml im tired ... damn u grandma 
another long shitty day at work 
cant you see my heart is beating ? 
tonight is gonna be boring ... wats ever1 gettin into 
i miss you but your 2 busy for me 
dude ... football .... i dont even kno 
i saw a cute < PROPFEMALE > driving home but that fucker alot made me hit him 
Woot massage time ! 
come home from a horrible day at work and theres nothing to eat . yay for going to bed hungry ! 
very happy nite =) 
i miss my boo already 
alone nd < PROPMALE > over on vday ... splendid 
bitter sweet ... i feel like ive lost 1 of my best friends 
why is every1 broke these days ? specially me ...? 
you kno how i kno your jelly ? you cant even throw any good comebacks or joke about it 
This is the first time ive been so bored at work that im on fb 
if you dont know what you want , you end up with alot you dont 
i feel like i need 2 apologize to < PROPFIRST > for kicking him out of my bed last night . im sry < PROPFIRST > ! 
y r my days so lazy 
Do they still teach cursive in elementry school ? Cuz that shits useless 
hacked\ 
! \ 
uahahahahahahahahahahaha 
im not in the business for faking 
admit it ... you want the cookie 
* burning corpse * mmm marshmellows ! 
dont stop believing 
he makes me smile so much ... i miss the kisses nd snuggles . damn i dont wana be clingy 
drunkn fights wit bf ... yay = l 
fuck my hip hurts 
damn u splicers ... 
Ampm has the best ice coffee . Fuck starbucks 
some times i wana delete ppl cuz they post way 2 much pointless shit ... mostly just 1 person inparticuler 
y does my left boob hurt 
why are people so unpleasant ? 
haters gonna hate 
Work dragged on forever but i got paid so its all good 
guess its sleepy time ... nite ! 
i hate being broke ... who wants a piercing or massage ?? =D 
perfect excuse to see a chic flic ... i have a vagina 
So apparently diet coke makes ppl wana pet babies 
so beastly was kinda gay 
chewing at my heart 
damn my vagina 
the time has come 
i hate how i can never enjoy a movie without pointing out the faults . like that they had home movies in the 40s nd 50s wit color and sound ... rediculous ! 
2 much breakfast ... no more potatos !!! 
STFU TUMMY !! 
Shut up brain ! im tryn to think 
U will never win ! I am the pokey master ! Mwahahahahaha 
Yes .... today is fucking boring 
I dont think you notice my heart beating any more ... 
im 2 pretty to be a punk 
Why is every1 on fb when its st. pattys day ... go out nd partty ppl ! 
so my phone might be off for a few days ... im broke 
my phones back on ... yay ! 
even tho stayed up super late , had a great time =) 
im getting better at parking my car high 
i hate watching movies about weed when im sober ... makes me wana smoke 
whats the diffrence between an egg and a baby ? 1 is fun to throw at peoples houses , the other makes a yummy breakfast 
wana hear a joke about pizza ? ... nvm its 2 cheesey 
dont let them scare you ... 
i hate dreams where im pregnant ... 
my main attack : tickling 
i always wana steal hotel pillows 
since no1 wants 2 talk 2 me or < PROPFEMALE > out , im goin to bed 
misery loves company 
Forget it . Im done looking for sum thing i want ... ill just get fat nd stay in my house only to leave for work and vitamin D 
eyyyyy wats up 
religion is like a penis , its fine to have and be proud of but dont whip it out in public , waving it around ... and dont try shoving it down children's throats 
fml forever alone 
F.y.i. To whom it may concern : if i post sum thing that sounds complaintive or depressing , dont comment on it . I dont write in a diary and dont have alot of ppl to confide in so i use fb to get shit off my chest . I dont care if ppl give their opinion . Dont like it ? Delete me 
Fuck the police 
last night was crazy ... but next time i wont pop , just drink 
ooo bed i missed you ... did you miss me ? 
so i need strong men to help me move my room around ... in return , lunch nd beer 
i now hate working mornings 
crazy and stuff 
CHOCOLATE !!! 
wats the warmest part of woman after shes died ? my < PROPMALE > xD 
It works 60% of the time ... all the time 
Am i not cute enough ? Like srsly 
pizza is not pizza with out bacon on it <3 
time 2 make cookies nd play halo 
when will he listen to < PROPFEMALE > and think of me ? 
real men listen to saves the day and bayside 
yay 4 xbox friends ! 
its not fucking fair .... 
Work is gonna suck ... any1 got ny vicodin or norcos for sale ? Lol 
' do your nipples get hard in warm water ? ' ' no ! wtf ' 
Kill the poor tonight 
i love when ppl lose their lighters in my car 
Its barely 7 am ... if i have to hear that lil bitches song 1 more time ... i kno its friday and u cant spell ! 
I met so many tauruses last night ... y must i always come into contact with them xD 
i wana try the philipino resturant in the mall ... who wants 2 come wit ? 
sundays are always gay 
Whats goin on tonight ? 
I dont wana be alone ... these past few hours have been so hectic . 
xbox is really starting 2 piss me off ... 
im scared every day now ... loosings friends left nd right 
y do i always have 2 work on holidays 
I <3 philipinos 
oh conan ! u so funny ! 
im starting 2 hate the morning shift 
Im so bored ... and im stuck at home cuz the breaks r goin out on my car . Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out and or fix my car ? Ill pay 
I hate how sertain ppls presence prevent me from even hangin out wit ppl ... fuckin lame . Why does this town have to be filled with drama infested bitches 
so much breakfast ... 
my mind is full of fuck 
i haz drunk 
You know im such a fool for you . You've got me wrapped around your finger ... do you have to let it linger ? 
thank you drunk < PROPFEMALE > for remembering to set an alarm 
i hate waking up wanting 2 fight ... 
You demand to be chased for your love . My desperate heart is far too weak to run for you this long . But you don't care at all . There's nothing I can do to draw you close to me . 
i need sum1 to talk to ... where are you 
dont you hate when the guy your in love with spends all his time with the girl you hate the most ? 
mmmmm 
i dont think jesus likes me cuz im gay 
WOOHOO !! RENO !!! < PROPFEMALE > is the bomb diggity 
