finally made it home , but its not the same here with out him . i miss him like crazy already . 

Do not overrate what you have received , nor envy others . He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind . 
bout to goto sleep ... just got done being drunk @ nicoles !!!!!!!!! 
where has the time gone ? 
@ home taking care of my lizard ... shes sick =/ 
had a great night , completly exausted ... 
You know sometimes things change course and the sun comes out a little but .. i guess I'm still waiting for my rainbow 
I'm not afraid of heights , I'm afraid of falling . I'm not afraid of the dark , I'm afraid of what's in it . I'm not afraid to love , I'm afraid of not being loved back 
Do I turn you on at all when I kiss you baby Does the sight of me wanting you drive you crazy Do I have your love , am I still enough Tell me don’t I , or tell me do I baby Give you everything that you ever wanted Would you rather just turn away and leave me lonely Do I just need to give up and get on with my life Baby , do I 
' If we ever forget that we're One Nation Under God , then we will be a nation gone under ' ' A simple way to take measure of a country is to look at how many want in .. And how many want out . ' Only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you : 1 . Jesus Christ 2 . The American G . I . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . YOU MIGHT WANT TO PASS THIS ON , AS MANY SEEM TO FORGET BOTH OF THEM . AMEN ! 
OMG !!!! the new boondock saints movie is kick ass !!! best movie ever !!! i do believe they may even make a 3rd one !!!! yes !!! can't wait !!!! ahhh time to kick back and relax ... long day ... early morning classes suck !!! hahahahahahahahahahaha 
you make me smile =) 
ok .. tiered of the drama and bs .. went home to see my friends n fam b back sat ... HAPPY VETERINS DAY god bless our troops for all they do for us and our country !!! 
happy friday the 13th ! 
ahh going home today ... gotta study for my test on monday grr lol =) see everyone soon ! can't wait for thurs night !!!!!!!! 
woo hoo passed my life insurance test !!!! whoop whoop ! going to oregon in the morning ! turkey day is almost here !!! yeah boi ! can't wait for the weekend ! i miss em !!! 
oorah !! back from oregon !!! whoop whoop ! 
can't wait till i get to goto florida !!! 
You stole my happy , you made me cry Took the lonely and took me for a ride And I wanna undo it You had my heart , now I want it back I'm starting to see everything you lack Boy you blew it , you put me through it I wanna undo it .. whoo florida on monday !! no more cold weather ! can't wait ! 
the silence isn't so bad till i look at my hands and feel sad cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly . i'll sit on the front porch all night waist deep in thought because when i think of you i don't feel so alone . as many times as i blink i'll think of you tonight . 
take a look , its my < PROPMALE > in a box ! 
shut your mouth when you talk to me !!! ahahahaha biotch 
on a journey of the hear , there's so much to see , but when the sky is to dark , you'll be right here , right here with me . 
on a journey of the heart , there's so much to see , but when the sky is to dark , you'll be right here , right here with me . 
you can close your eyes from the things you don't want to see ; but you can't close your heart on things you don't want to feel . sometimes you just have to smile , pretned everythings okay hold back the tears and just walk away . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR ! GOD BLESS US EACH AND EVERYONE OF US !!! MAY ALL YOUR HOLIDAY DREAMS AND WISHES COME TRUE !! XOXOXOXOXO be safe out there everyone lots of holiday madness ! AND TO ALL A GOOD NIGHT !!!! <3<3<3<3<3<3<3 
smokin ' indo sippiin on gin n juice ... happy new year ! 
the world goes around and we live another day , what doesn't kill us , only makes us stronger . 
my world is dark .. he promised he'd be here right by my side .. now where do i turn ? 
when the world says give up , hope whispers try one more time <3 
okay 7:20 am i do believe it is finally bed time , :) good night to all . 
okay :) enough play ... time to get to work ... 
skittles !!!!!! 
skittles !!! taste the m'fin rainbow !!! <3 
when one door closes another door opens , but why do we sit there and morn over the closing door ? why does it hurt us so ? 
going insaine , never know whats real and whats not , whose fake and whose real . i'm getting tiered of all these fake people always telling lies . 
He is the Alpah and the < PROPFEMALE > , the beginning and the end , he is all that was , is and is to come <3 
SLEEPY TIME ... SHE COMES :) 
After Monday and Tuesday even the calendar says W T F 
Wonder why Christmas missed us Birthdays was the worst days Now we sip champagne when we thirst-ay Uh , damn right I like the life I live ' Cause I went from negative to positive And it's all ... it's all good ... and if ya don't kno ... now ya now .... 
Beautiful giys , all over the world I could be chasin but my time would be wasted They got nothin on YOOOOOOOOOU , baby Nothin on YOOOOOOOOOU , baby They might say hi , and I might say hey But you shouldn't worry , about what they say ' cause they got nothin on YOOOOOOOOOU , baby 
i love him , what can i do to prove to him , he means the world to me ? <3 
broken hearted ... i still love him <3 
he is the sun , and i am the earth , tho they shall part , they always make there way back to find eachother . <3 
Who was the first person to look at a cow and say , \I think I'll squeeze these dangly things here and drink what comes out \"?" 
do fat people go skinny dipping ? or do they have to chunky dunk ? 
what do you call a twitching cow ??? ...... BEEF JERKY lmfao 
you are the light ... and i am the firefly <3 
HAKUNA MATATA <3 
looks like were on our own from here little one 
i guess we are on our own from here little one , but the hardest part of missing someone is knowing they don't care & never did 
As I lay down to sleep I pray i will no longer weep . And as I fold my hands and pray thoughts of you come in through my head 
maybe i'm addicted , i'm out of control , but your the drug that keeps me from dieing . All i really know is your the reason i'm trying . I'm wasted away , i've made a million mistakes , am i too late ? There's a storm in my head ; it rains on my bed when your not here . I'm not afraid of dieing .... but i am afraid of loseing you ! 
why does everyone know that he means the world to me and i love him more than life itself , but he is the only one that doesn't seem to understand that ? 
god has things happen for a reason 
when the hoe wont make you dinner , trix are the next best thing :) 
happy easter <3 
to be better than someone , is to be worse than all . 
IT'S PB&J TIME !!!! <3 
when one door closes , another one opens , but sometimes we sit and stare so long at the closed door we don't notice the open one . I've found my open door :) and he makes me happy . 
the first step in having the peace of god , is making peace with god . 
I can’t wait to be alone with you Cuz you the only boo who do the freaky things you do you keep me feelin high you keep my drama low Yea I’m your shorty boy but you already know 
if you can't handle me at my worst , you don't deserve me at my best 
I'm in pieces , baby fix me And just shake me til ' you wake me from this bad dream 
sorrow looks back , worry looks around , and faith looks up .... 
It's a mystery of human chemistry and I don't understand it . Some people , as far as your senses are concerned , just feel like home ... 
In memory of all those brave men and women who have given their lives out in Afghanistan ... put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has lost their life fighting for our country , is currently serving in Afghanistan or if you just support our armed forces . Many wont copy and paste this ... I did out of respect 
caught in the race of this crazy life Tryin ' to be everything Can make you lose your mind 
Used to dream bout being a millionaire , without a care But if I'm seeing my dreams and you aren't there Cause it's over , that just won't be fair , darling Rather be a poor woman living on the street , no food to eat Cause I don't want nobody if I have to cry Cause it's over when you say goodbye All at once , I had it all But it doesn't mean anything now that you're gone <3 
i hope he knows , that even on my worst days , he's got me happy like a kid wakin up on their birthday <3 
So :-) gotta say it was a great weekend !!! Hope the week goes just as well . 
blue moons , orange skies , I've got butterflies <3 
I love your make-up . LOL . Jk . It looks like you got gang banged by Crayola . 
So here I stand and then again I say I'm hoppin ' we can make some wishes outta ' airplanes . Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now . 
simply ... amazing <3 vegas on wed , but i def can't wait for friday !! it's going to be the longest 96 hours ever ! this is going to be the greatest weeked ! 
He's the kind of guy who makes you love your name just because he says it . <3 
ahhh back from vegas !! finally friday !! going to be the best weekend ever <3 horray for 96's!!!! 
I can conquer the world with one hand , as long as you are holding the other . <3 
lmao , love how fake people are in this world . :) 
Sitting next to you doing absolutely nothing , means absolutely everything to me . <3 
I hate escalators , I tripped once and fell down the stairs for an hour and a half . 
I am Mc Lovin <3 
Wondering .... is it real ? 
super exausted ! ready for bed :) 
Ahhhh , its monday , at least that only leaves 4 more days untill friday :) 
Find me in the dark I'll be in the stars , Find me in your heart I'm in need of your love . <3 
You ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe When you're with ' em You meet and neither one of you even know what hit ' em Got that warm fuzzy feeling 
Your a supernova .. and I'm a space bound rocket ship and your heart's in the < PROPFEMALE > And I'm aiming right at you 250 thousand < PROPMALE > on a clear night in June And I aim it right at you 
Maybe this is what happens when a tornado meets a volcano <3 
Through this journey of discovery , in finding you , I'm finding me . Now that I have someone special that brings out the joy inside of me . & lt ;3 
best weekend ever !!! =) 
I live in the clouds 
You are an inner rhythm , unsung , crashing within me like the tides of an ocean , endless and eternal , beating back and forth like my fluctuating soul every time it meets your ever tranquil gaze . I find your face and begin to trace the hesitant embrace that your eyes seek . 
I don't walk into things , they are drawn to my amazingness 
I'm the girl that can watch hundreds of horror movies and not get scared but would scream at the top of her lungs when toast pops out of the toaster . 
how do I breathe without you by my side ? where do I go , when your hearts where I lay my head , when your not with me , how do I breathe ? 
ugh ! I hate having a bad dream and not having him here to hold me and protect me =( good night < PROPFEMALE > . 
I hate it when im making a milkshake and the boys just show up in my yard = ] 
Tell your boyfriend if he says hes got beef , That I'm a vegetarian and I ain't fucking scared of him ! <3 
I memorized all the words for you But if you only knew How much that's just not like me I wait up late every night Just to hear your voice But you don't know that's nothing like me You know I wonder how you already figured out All these things that I try to hide All this time i've been hoping you don't find out All these things that I hide on the inside <3 M.G.H. 
Just when I thought all was lost You came and made it all okay <3 MGH 
He is my shooting < PROPFEMALE > & lt ;3 
I miss my mom & lt ;3 
row row row your boat ! 
Champagne lifestyle ... lemonade budget ! 
what do you do when the only one who can dry your tears and chear you up , is the one who made you cry in the first place ? 
who ever said it is better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all never had their heart broken . 
just gunna stand there and hear me cry , that's alright because I love the way you lie . & lt ;/3 
god has plans =) 
Searching for a heartbeat in such an empty world ..... 
No I dont wanna be The girl to see you go And I dont wanna be If you dont take me home I dont want to see you walk away from me I got everything that you could ever need No I dont wanna be The girl to see you go </3 
Why do girls talk so much and guys think so much ? cause girls have 4 lips and guys have 2 heads 
Crawling in my skin These wounds they will not heal Fear is how I fall Confusing what is real 
facebooking in L.A. traffic = skillz =) 
Most heroes wear capes , mine wears combat boots . 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ..... I could really use a wish right now . 
ahh =) its 102 out , riding quads and dirt bikes !! gotta love the desert !! 
i guess were what happens when a tornado meets a volcano 
yaay chicken and mashed potatoes with corn ! yummy 
holy cow ! frisco was wayyy to hot ! glad to be home :) 
sick ass lightning storm !!! 
is setting sail with captian < PROPFIRST > and never leaving dry land 
we never know who we truly are until were connected to that one person were suppose to be with .... 25 hours oh no ! 
22 here I am ! whoop whoop ! bottoms up bottoms up ! throw ya hands up ! 
22 here I am ! whoop whoop ! bottoms up bottoms up ! throw ya hands up ! tell security we bout < PROPFEMALE > tear this club up ! 
Hey ! I dont care Whenever theres a party Im the first one with a drink in the air put em up , put em up ! but the party don't start till I walk in ! 
woo hoo ! new tattoo ! 
ugh ! how do you live with out your phone ? 
OMG !!! Jackass 3D is epic !!!! Funniest movie all year !!! 
If I die young bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at < PROPFEMALE > Send me away with the words of a love song 
if love could have saved you , you would have lived for ever ....... R.I.P. mom we miss you 11-19-02 
< PROPMALE > Rivers <3 
A regular person has a 1000 wishes . A soldier only has one , To come home safe . I know 97% of you wont post this ad to your status , but the 3% that do are my Friends . In honor of all fallen soldier's , wounded soldier's or the one's fighting for our freedom please post . \and my wish is the same \"" 
So won't you come and smile for me Come show me how it's supposed to be Let's do the deed and grow together In < PROPFEMALE > days or < PROPFEMALE > weather Like shooting stars colliding in the nights wide open sky Just make a wish girl and hope it comes true ' Cause all I want to do is watch you smile 
its so cold ! my toes are numb ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , I hope everyone is having wonderful holidays . Please keep our troops in your thoughts and prayers , for some can't be with their friends and loved ones this holiday season . May they all come home safe and sound :) god bless you and yours , may all the happiness of the season be forever yours to share . 
Life gave me lemons , so its time to make grape juice once again ^_^ 
Love is like an hourglass , with the heart filling up as the brain empties 
Happy valentines day !! Hope everyones day was great ! <3 
Cant wait for saturday :) <3 
Omg !!! Pink rockstars w straws ! How much better can life get ? Lol 
The greatest thing youll ever learn , is to love , and be loved in return . 
I miss him wish he would tell me whats going on :( 
Worst day ever :'( 
Welcome to another day in my life 
Woah ! Strange night , glad its over 
Why would you tell someone you love them and than not talk to them ? Makes no sense to me ! 
Please dont go away <3 is this how its suppose to be ? 
I am nerdy ! Deal with it ^_^ i <3 nerds !!! 
To hot to sleep ugh ! 
I don't wear tight jeans like the white boy but I do get wasted like the white boy !!! 
