Oh , Heaven , it is mysterious , it is awful to consider that we not only < PROPFEMALE > a future Ghost within us ; but are , in very deed , Ghosts ! ~ Thomas Carlyle 

i got a new job yesterday as a bar back , pretty excited 
finally got my pics posted some didn't turn out and the rest aren't great but two of my weapons are in there , both my homemade scythes and my redone katana 
alright time to start my time-traveling , these jobs are kickin my ass could really use some muscle relaxers or a massage night 
Just got home from the adventures of the flash flooded Amarillo . I had to go play in the rain , you never know when you'll have another opportunity . 
Wars and elections are both too big and too small to matter in the long run . The daily work - that goes on , it adds up . ~ Barbara Kingsolver , Animal Dreams 
One day , someone showed me a glass of water that was half full . And he said , \Is it half full or half empty ? \ " So I drank the water . No more problem . ~ Alexander Jodorowsky " 
I have not yet begun to procrastinate . 
ok so after fuckin with it for two days and now i need help , if anyone knows hows to install zune mp3 softwear again , as in to get it to replace the old one , please let me know 
also i dont have work till sunday so im gunna be bored feel free to hit me up 
good morning everyone im going to sleep i will see when the sun goes down , daytimes is so over rated 
trying to get a group together for a party so far all i got it < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and deven Z i think , need more people and more cash hit me up 
just got back from the hospital , had to take Acacia there this morning at 9am after going to sleep at 6am . Sleep oh ye fabled mistress i knew the well , a lass i am without the . 
whent out and drank tonight , found out that i can still put it away like a champ . night night gunna spend some time with my true love 
The rapture is not an exit strategy , it is THE exit strategy 
I slept with faith and found a corpse in my arms on awakening ; I drank and danced all night with doubt and found her a virgin in the morning . ~ Aleister Crowley , Book of Lies 
Tell me baby , what's your story , where'd you come from and where'd you like to go this time oh . 
Never argue with an idiot . They drag you down to their level , then beat you with experience . 
If you're not confused , you're misinformed . 
Running low on sleep but its nice outside and im off today . 2/3 aint bad 
If you live to be one hundred , you've got it made . Very few people die past that age . 
We really don't have enemies . It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us . 
Fake (+) (+) , Perfect ( oYo ) , Perky (*)(*) , Cold (^) (^) and even Grandmas \\o/\\o/ ...... Big ( • )( • ) or small (.) (.) save them all . REPOST for Breast Cancer Awareness ! 
Getting really psyched up about the future . 
We are all in the gutter , but some of us are looking at the stars . 
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and over and over again , but expecting a different result . 
so i got pulled over by a police officer today , in a vehicle with no insurance , i wasn't wearing a seat belt , and i have an outstanding < PROPMALE > for my arrest ... He let me go . not going to question it . 
There are things that are so serious that you can only joke about them . 
this should st < PROPMALE > some shit im gunna post it \ 
Politics is the < PROPMALE > of looking for trouble , finding it whether it exists or not , diagnosing it incorrectly , and applying the wrong remedy . 
Despite the high cost of living , it remains a popular item . 
If at first you don’t succeed , Skydiving is not for you . 
Sex is hereditary . If your parents never had it , chances are you won't either 
Put this as your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2011 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not a joke or something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and truly terrifying . 93% of people won't copy and paste this as they have already been eaten by dragons , so do it for them ! 
Searching for an Eskimo , searching and i want to know . 
super bored someone should hit me up 
Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are good is like expecting the bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian . 
If everything in life had a point there would be no place to sit down 
Procrastination is the < PROPMALE > of keeping up with yesterday . 
MER !, daytime is so over rated 
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral ? Is it because we're not the person involved ? 
Of the seven dwarves , only Dopey had a shaven face . This should tell us something about the custom of shaving . 
It's bad luck to be superstitious . 
FOR ALL : my phone is gone until further notice so if you want to reach me FB or pinecone are the best ways to do it for now 
You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do so . 
Sometimes , I feel discriminated against , but it does not make me angry . It merely astonishes me . How can any deny themselves the pleasure of my company ? It's beyond me . 
who all thinks that fable lll is little more than a rip off of The Legend ofZelda 
Jesus penis im never going two days without you guys again i had around 35 messages/notifications not to mention all the cool stuff i had to get caught up on 
with the birds i share this looonnly view and . 
i said \a boba doom bop ba doom bop ba < PROPFIRST > ba \"" 
I didnt know she had the \ G.I. < PROPFIRST > kung-fu\ " grip " 
Now come on baby tell me whats the word , the word up 
Really not liking my job today 
carpe noctem seize the night \ 
i told this to a couple complaining that their night was \uneventful \"" 
damn you polar opposites 
I'll malinger on your block and\ 
Give the finger to a cop and\ 
Pick a lock before I knock and\ 
Set you up to get on top ! \ 
Complications of a mastermind\ 
Last temptation of my kind\ 
Extra planetary sign When do we align\ 
All in time . Right on . 
Mer why did i leave my bed today 
people = shit 
Say what , Say what , its all in the fam-i-ly . who knows what I'm talkin about 
Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few people are wise enough to rule themselves , even fewer are wise enough to rule others . 
Everyone wants a double feature . They wanna be their own damn teacher , and all the stars are projectors , yeah . Projectin our lives down to this planet Earth 
Look at my face , stare in my soul , Imma get a stupify 
\Donnie Darko ? The hell kinda name is that ? Its like some sort of super hero or something . \"" 
I just got a fortune cookie and it read \ next week your lucky color will be green . \ " yeah that just fuckin happened lol " 
If the dead gave us a road map\ 
then we'd know just where to go . 
NASA has found new life on earth . Its a bacteria in a poisonous lake in California . Every living thing on earth is made of carbon , hydrogen , nitrogen , oxygen , phosphorus , and sulfur , but this new life uses arsenic in place of phosphorus . If you dont already know arsenic is poisonous to all living things on earth and is basically anti carbon . Im not one to believe crazy end of the world ideas but this sounds very bad . 
I just want everyone to know that i just shat myself while i was kick starting my waterless vaporizer !!!!!!! WWW . UVE . BEEN . HACKED . ORG !!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Home is the place where , when you have to go there , they have to take you in . 
I am more alive than i was yesterday \ 
ps no phone so give it up 
Ah to be an anti-social in a social networking site . life's a B 
Im quitting my job and going to work for Paper Street Soap Co . 
A friend in neeeds a friend indeed , my japanees is better . 
somewhere between the sacred silence and sleep 
alright alright fine here is my offical statment ;\ 
im not very sick anymore but still have some infection left in my sinuses , my phone is gone and will remain so till i feel like getting a new one , dont hold your breath though , i havent gotten any text or phone calls , so idk what your talking about , anyone tring to reach see pinecone or leave a message . BEEP 
I change the key from C to D it seems to me its just a minor thing yo , he knows everything , its just a minor thing and im a minor < PROPMALE > . 
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on . 
staying up just to watch the snow , thinking how much fun im going to have , untill i hurt myself doin something stupid 
so i got a question for you , \ 
WHO YOU FINNA TRY ! 
I've had enough of this season and its reindeer's mindless games 
i do believe that i am witnessing the beginning of a lunar eclipse 
On the keyboard of life , always keep one finger on the escape key . 
GOOD NEWS EVERYONE : Im off of work today and tomorrow hit me up 806 ~ 881 ~ 4163 
It is a profitable thing , if one is wise , to seem foolish . 
So if you're lonely , You know I'm here waiting for you . \ 
I'm just a cross-hair , I'm just a shot away from you 
thinning out the ranks for new years , if your reading this you made the cut 
We all have someone that digs at us\ 
At least we dig each other 
just got a new memory foam bed and green n black sheets , not sure if ill ever see the world again . lol 
im just waiting for that first drop to fall , then its gunna be on like donkey kong 
oh no Facebook Ballz to you , im not getting no new profile less you do it for me 
The world I love , the tears I drop , to be part of the wave can't stop . \ 
Ever wonder if it's all for you . \ 
Come and tell me when it's time to ... 
I met the day\ 
Feeling cheaper than usual\ 
I guess you could say that I'm on sale\ 
So take what you can while you can\ 
Shop now , intensive\ 
I could snap at any moment\ 
And I might feel more expensive 
oh its so black , so impossibly black 
people are always asking me if i know < PROPFIRST > Durden 
my dryer is so broken they used for the sound effects in the up coming silent hill game/movie . seriously it sounds that bad 
just watched black swan it was more fucked up than i had heard it was 
Watching bleach is like being in a bad relationship , every time i get tired of your shit and say that i never want to see you again , you give me exactly what i want . 
i dont want no scrub , a scrub cant get no love from me . 
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others . 
I'm gunna hurt myself today , to see if i still feel , I focus on the pain , cuz its fuckin cold outside . SOAB 
Clowns to the left of me , jokers to the right , here i am . \ 
Stuck in Amarillo with you . 
as some of you may know pinecone is now doing xbox 360 repairs and he has a halo 3 edition for sale , if interested let he or i know . 
PIE vs . CAKE \ 
what you guys think 
The snow is beautiful i could watch it all night . 
going to play in snow wish me luck if you wanna join hit me up 881 4163 
yesterday was awsome went sledding from the back of pinecone's car for like 5 hours , saw the game , ate food played video games . pretty good day . 
just finished cleaning most of the apt . liking to new set up , still got some shit to throw away . 
Carpe nix diem , doing it big in the snow . 
And I'm afraid cuz i have no fear ; Everybody is somebody but nobody wants to be them-selfs . 
Here's to enjoying your VD , i know i will . 
Don't be so humble-you are not that great . 
IMPORTANT . Tomorrow , Facebook will change its privacy settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To stop this from happening , go to Account > Home Invasion Settings > Cannibalism > Brains , and unclick the \Tasty\ " box . Please repost . " 
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement . But the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth . ~ Niels Bohr 
If God would have intended man to smoke , he would have set him on fire . \ 
~ me 
\I have a theory that the truth is never told during the nine-to-five hours . \ " \ 
\Sex without love is as hollow and ridiculous as love without sex . \"" 
I find that people who can resist urges often live boring and mundane lives 
just watched let me in , its good i dont really know how to describe it though . funny to me and an epic love story i guess . 
So let me get this right ... Kelsey Grammer can end a 15 yearr marriage by phone , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can be on divorce #9 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55-hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE AROUND THEM , 53% of Americans get divorced and 30%-60% cheat on their spouses . Yet , same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Re-post if you find this ironic . 
Something < PROPFEMALE > kes a part of me , you and i were ment < PROPFEMALE > be 
greatest moment of my life , in the middle of a 30+ people mosh pit and korn comes out with the FICKING BAGPIPES amazing . 
? a wild pack of family dogs came running through the yard today ? 
is down with the sickness , i feel terrible and thats after sleeping for almost twenty hours . 
? My pupils dance , Lost in a trance , \ 
Your sacred silence , Losing all violence ...? 
Feeling very Zen 
\Sleep deprivation\ " \ 
think this will get me in trouble cuz i know that f *** is censored 
\A word to the wise is infuriating . \ " \ 
The new GoRiLLaZ album ( The Fall ) totally makes up the one prior to it . 
my alcohol level is over 9000 ! 
Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves , even fewer are wise enough to rule others . 
no more phone 
easter < PROPFEMALE > sugar rage . 
Early to rise , early to bed , makes a man healthy but socially dead . 
why does the city hate < PROPFEMALE > street and all who dwell around it 
Like a welcome summer rain , humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth , the air and you . 
needs a ride 
The world belongs to the enthusiast who keeps cool . 
Super bored , have a lot of down time this week . Too bad i don't have a lady friend to spend my time on/with 
Sucker Punch 4:05 imax who coming with me 
If you want truly to understand something , try to change it . 
With your feet in the air and your head on the ground ;\ 
Try this trick and spin it , yeah\ 
Your head will collapse ; But there's nothing in it ; And you'll ask yourself ... 
Got beat down today at work , going to transfer my pain to all the little noobs i met online . 
