No idea what to even say here . Not right now , just that I never knew fear like this . Daily thanks to couple of people ( you know who you are ) 

I may finally be moving my personal myspace to facebook . It has become a graveyeard over there . 
Oh lord . Out of coffee . 
Moving to California in 5 days , and I have never felt quite this alone and confused . Something has to change . 
I will be leaving Portland in 4 days , moving to california . If you want to < PROPFEMALE > out , catch up , message me , I would love to hear from you , and I have the time to < PROPFEMALE > out . If not , good riddance to bad rubbish . 
Lets see if today can be a little less drama-rama . 
You think I've got your back , but you never meant shit to me . What an amazing lyric . 
How to undo whats undone , and redo things already done . 
Packing truck . La La La . 
Homeless soon . Neat . 
Well , things might be getting better or worse . Not sure yet . The car just broke . Neato . 
Oh and BTW , my phone has been off for a month . It is on now , so anyone who texted , I didnt get it . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for turning it back on . 
I'm getting pissed , slowly . 
Anyone in Sac wanna go to dennys off howe and < PROPMALE > ? I am bored , and I want pancakes . 
Anyone going to ISZOLOSCOPE in SF ? I need a ride and have gas money . 
Ugh . Need to have money to buy bleach and dye . Erg . Hating life for the little things . 
You dreamer , opening my old wounds , I lost myself slipping deep into you . 
I may get to see ms. mayhem today , YAY ! 
I still need those damn pancakes . I think I need more local Sacramento friends , pancake runs are a must . 
Money , oh how I miss thee . 
Let's watch the world burn , as long as you are holding my hand , I am not afraid . 
Missing something . I don't know what . 
biscuits and gravy . NOMNOMNOMNOM . 
Predators was actually very good , and I am a purist . I think the random < PROPFIRST > fishburn was amazing . 
Finacially , dying slowly Gimlie put us in the shit with no way out . 
My neighbors finally annoyed me enough . I am in a bad mood . I still have my speakers , so new album playing 400 watts , about 600 dbi . 
I know a worthlesa cunt . Amazing , I lied tp , myself for two years . 
Im in over my head . Never been scared really , but I am now . 
Scared . I hate this feeling . Im never scared . 
Can anyone drive < PROPFEMALE > from Sacramento to Sunnyvale ? Its a 150 minute drive , gas money and a little extra is available . Thinking Wednesday night . You would be doing me a favor . 
Scapegoat me for your own hypocrisy , I do actually find it amusing . A shame you lost your best friends though . < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch . 
Admiration for a quality or an < PROPMALE > can be so strong that it deters us from striving to possess it . \ 
\ 
-Friedrich Nietzsche 
Hating life at the moment , and I dont know why . 
Insult me . Call it love , like everyone else . 
Always nice when someone who claims to care about you steal 300.00 from you , then claim no blame . FML . 
Getting booked for new shows . nolongerhuman will be coming to see you . 
Looking for photographers for a couple shoots in the sacramento area . You need to be OK with cockroaches . 
\The thing you fail to grasp is that people are not basically good . We\ 
Dying is an < PROPMALE > , like everything else . I do it exceptionally well . 
Wow . The new myspace fucking blows . I am going to delete my personal < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is looking for a live keyboardist in the bay or preferably the sacramento area . 
Still have CD's and shirts , and hoodies for sale . 
Why don't people just say what is on their mind ? I am depressed with humans . 
scars , inside and out , all forming new wounds in some or another way . 
I think the reality of life is finally sinking in , and I am 30 , and I have never been more depressed . 
does not handle stress well . I need a hug , since I doubt whiskey would help my life at this point . 
Selling nolongerhuman merch at a discount , I need to pay bills . Hoodies - $35.00 , T-shirts 15.00 , antipathy CD's - $10.00 . Pictures in my photos . Help me out :-) 
Homemade gumbo , shrimp and cajun sausage ... my first attempt . Success . 
Finally finishing a nolongerhuman interview . God , I am so behind , moving is the bane of my existence . 
Phone is off till I find some cash . If you wanna get ahold of me , call , I can get incoming , but can't make outgoing . I won't get or be able to send texts . 
Since when did applying for a shitty job essentially become like a WW2 eugenics screening ? 
40 clove garlic chicken ... done . 
“The thought of suicide is a powerful solace : by means of it one gets through many a bad night” -Friedrich Nietzsche 
Why cant I [ dis]like things ? That is much more my style . 
Why in hells name would I want 1,000,000 pop-tarts ? I don't even want one . I suppose I could sell them outside Winco . No ... even that would be too embarrassing . 
Wow , I am actually bored enough that I WANT a job . Does anyone do anything but work ? Fuck sakes . The gallows of a generation . 
Every bit of pain I inflict is only an attempt to make you see what I see . Are you not strong enough to stand by me long enough to see reality ? 
Who has a car and a day off in the sacramento area during business hours ? I need a ride to and from the DMV ( lost my I . D . ) I will pay ya in beer or cash . 
I found my wallet , and my I.D. No DMV for me just yet . Bottom of a bin of old clothes , inside a sock ... what the fuck ? 
\ If I accept you\ 
Hm ... who is going to asylum tomorrow ? I think I may go . 
My boredom is a disease . Someone do something interesting and tell me about it ! 
I like goth club group shots . 7 or 8 people all trying their best to look either creepy or intimidating , and always one random person in the background eating cake , totally unaware their goth subterfuge was just blown for life . 
Fishnet is meant to be layered people ... holy fuck . It isn't a damn outfit , it is an accessory . 
I just watched < PROPMALE > Ramsay fuck up , bad . I am a bit crestfallen at the moment . 
Water ? Is that the liquid stuff that goes into beer ? 
What do you do , when dying seems like the light at the end of the tunnel ? \ 
What do you do , when you count the days bottle in one hand waiting to sleep again ? 
Would you like to learn to fly ? No ? Would you like to see me try ? 
I broke my phone . Message me if you want to talk . 
Kill me . Please . 
Is single . No big surprise . 
I need to talk . It is 9:15 in the morning , and i need to talk to someone . 
I have never been , able to forgive your constant lies . I have never felt so much pain , I know now , a part of me has gone away , like an amputation , it will never come back . 
My cigarettes got wet\ 
On my < PROPFIRST > road of shame\ 
I hate life without a reason\ 
I give up without a try\ 
And if I would tell you I care\ 
It would be just a lie . 
Please be quiet about smoking . You won the war , and you know what ? Now a days , I smoke mostly because you hate it . Smoking in public ... a ten dollar fine , and I < PROPFEMALE > two tens always . Know why ? As long as you can wear perfume , or have body odor , we pollute each others air . 
The most lonely place is a room full of people . 
The slightest lapse of choice , you will never recover from . 
I will protect you from yourself . I will whisper in your ear ear , every sick < PROPFEMALE > . I will love you , if you can pay the fee . 
You grabbed my hand , and we fell into it . Like a day dream or a fever ... 
Take my hand and please hold it tight , because we could be forever . 
Always be loyal to hate . It never lies . 
Amazed by cruelty . Ever more by idiocy . 
People live like this ? For money ? Wow ... that is 30 years I guess I need to take back . 
I would sell my soul , for money to burn for you . I would give you all and have nothing . Just to have you next to me . 
I keep trying . Tired of it , very soon . 
Feeling tragedy , and living with it are two different things . 
Grow old with me , the best is yet to be . Why does no one feel that way anymore ? 
Homeless soon it sounds like . This is insane . 
Why leave , when you don't know what's coming ? 
Metaphysics is crap . Just finished reading four books about it . It only promotes further the theory that oneself if most important . What is most important is love . 
People need to stop saying \love\ " they don't mean it . " 
I have freaking shows and I cant even afford a working mouse . Neat . 
Its funny , all I want most of the time is just a hug , not sex , but I cant even manage that . Just a hug in the middle of the night . 
Before I go I will < PROPFEMALE > a cross on a nail , but only for you . 
Crying again , I must be insane . 
Even worse ... to wake up crying , thats a first . 
Crying now for a total of 5 times , someone bail me out . 
I am a man , but not unbreakable . Promise . 
This voting thing is amusing , in particular if you know how I registered . 
You took my hand , and until then we couldnt love . However , there is no we anymore . 
We breed , then cower and cry . We consume and we never reap what we sew . You left me alone in a dying world . 
Alone always , even in the sunshine . 
Why does everyone have \class\ " or \ " work\ " I mean ... is there no such thing as a \ " starving artist\ " anymore ? Or is it just \ " starving\ " ? Or perhaps nothing such as an artist anymore . " 
Oh and the new gen xbox 360 is AMAZING . 
Apathy . Always amusing and never OK . 
My job is to know everything about you . Bad things don't scare me . Good things are why I care so much . 
There is no solution for what you have done to me . You took years and now you throw them away . You took me to hell and you brought me back , you deserve hate , all I feel is pity . 
Could people stop talking shit ? It seems a little like little kids running around in a schoolyard , and it is ruining the same scene most of us are in . Also , a big reason you never meet the musicians you claim to love . They stay out of the scene . 
I seem to have lived a wasted life . Just looking for truth , found me nothing . 
Pretty fucking far from OK . Neat . 
OK ALERT ! I am selling all nolongerhuman merch at actual cost . Meaning , I am just about to be evicted and need rent . Boxes full of merch wont do any good if I end up living out of a backpack . Shirts - $8.00 Hoodies $20.00 ( very few left ) CD's contact me for a price . I also still have one nolongerhuman gasmask bag for $10.00 . I don't want to do this , but I am out of options . 
Sooo ... sleepy . 
Kind of worries me . I CANNOT find a job . Anyone else have this issue ? 
There is a ZOMBIE SHOW NOW ? Why did no one tell me ! 
In n Out double single STAT . I will find a way to pay . Arg ! 
I have something to show Maddi , but , we get along so poorly she would never believe me . She plans to drive back , through mount < PROPFEMALE > with a carload of her stuff , in December . The coldest and wettest month , with a mean temperature of 34 . I am kinda worried . Sigh . 
Welcome to my lonely world . 
I am an oxymoron . I am a snobby poor person . I used the last of my foodstamps to make a roast chicken over mirepoix with grilled red potatoes in a roasted saffron garlic cream sauce . 
Evil is no faceless stranger , living in a distant neighborhood . Evil has a wholesome , hometown face , with < PROPFEMALE > eyes and an open smile . Evil walks among us , wearing a mask which looks like all our faces . 
Walking , breathing , cliches . 
We are the worthless sons of man . Wave after wave , we are the meaningless . We are the blind leading the blind , legion after legion , we sell our humanity . 
Anyone in Sac been to Lounge ON20 ? Looks like my next foodie destination . 
mmm ... foix gras with carmelized red onions , alfalfa sprouts and english cucumber . 
Drink until it doesn't hurt quite so much . 
Ha , I am a single wallflower . I am screwed . 
Ugh . Kill me . Life is just so much fucking fun . 
I like making friends . I like making enemies more . 
Do you enjoy being offended ? Just wait for the new album . I have something for all of you . 
I boycott corn dogs . I haven't eaten today . Wish me luck with tomorrow . 
Day #2 No food . Lots of beer and cigarettes , which means I won't be seeing Maddi this weekend . 
I am using myself as a test subject , to see how much the human body can take . Alot , apparently . Hopefully someone learns something from this . 
Accept it . Stop trying to prove that we are alive , we were , not anymore . 
Well , I was right about not seeing Maddi . 
Welcome home son . Now get back to work . Put your boots back on . We will find you an enemy to kill today . 
Kill me . it would be faster than this crap ; 
Its a reason to get up up . its a reason to lose weight . Im somebody now . The only thing that makes tomorrow alright , 
wow im scared . Not used to the feeling . 
Day #4 . Still no food . Maddi bought a steak ... and then ate it . Haha . She is wonderful . 
I miss you and im scared . 
I feel like I have lost too much to even know where to rebuild . 
I redefine bored . 
Tattoo ... itchy . I prefer burny . 
Justification is not an excuse . 
You dreamer ... opening old wounds . You are dedicated only to your world , and I lost myself in you . Open my eyes , so I can see , how meaningless I was to you . 
Keep me company ! So it has been written , so shall it be done ! 
I miss your birdcage . I miss your 13 black birds . I can't give up . 
Show me an epiphany , something ... 
Mohawks reprazent yo . 
Awake at 5 am , for no reason . Ugh . I need a night owl ! 
Seriously wondering if I should ever have started music , especially in a genre where meeting people is either not possible or an ordeal . 
I talk to myself but don't listen to myself . 
An odd change of perspective . Likely I am looking at the wrong side of an abyss . Hope is as fleeting as dreams . 15 seconds of a reality that isn't so close to hell . 
32 months . Nearly three years of a lie . 
Liar . No matter how much hate pours out of you , I will take the abuse . If only I can stay with you . You gave me something no one has . I am not afraid to die . 
You cant hurt someone who feels nothing ... but imagine what you are doing to someone who does . 
not a big fan of stomach flu . it can go away maybe .. uhm ... anytime now . 
in·teg·ri·ty\ 
/ ? n ? t ? gr ? ti/ Show Spelled[in-teg-ri-tee ] Show IPA\ 
–noun\ 
1 . \ 
adherence to moral and ethical principles ; soundness of moral character ; honesty . \ 
2 . \ 
the state of being whole , entire , or undiminished : to preserve the integrity of the empire . \ 
So why does it hurt so much ? 
The longest I have gone without talking to Maddi . I wish it didn't scare me so much . 
One day .. you will ask me to explain what is unexplained . The heart wants , what it wants . I can fail , and so can you . There is still truth , for us both . 
Put the fucking lotion in the basket . I swear ... do not ... ever ... go to sleep right after having greek food . Just don't . Worst thing is ... I don't regret it . Nom Nom Nom . 
Thank you Cali ... you suck ass ... same as Portland , but , wow the food is good . 
I ate a tomato , I fucking hate them ... but when the greek place makes them ... wow ... everyone must have them . More important , HAPPY BIRTHDAY , SIR ! 
These are mediocre times , people have lost hope . 
He will always find items . Money is functional in that sense . I wonder if he will find love ... or if he even knows what to look for , or if he cares . 
Life is a gift . Or a poison . You decide what you make of it . 
Funny , I am addicted to two things . nicotine and alcohol . Both are killing me . Do we ever get addicted to anything good for us ? 
The pain behind suicide is making alot more sense . I dont think I could do that to anyone . RIP , and im sorry I couldnt do more . I did love you . 
Since there us no love in my life .. I replace it with hate . 
Scared . As always . It is fun to feel stupid . 
Just scared . Funny . 
You actually never know what you have until its gone . No one who reads will care , so im not sure why I type it . 
Going insane , I am not sure how long it takes . I seem to be working at it though . 
I make my own home , my gallows . 
Holy hell I crave sushi . 
My phone is off so , if I dont respond fb me . 
Amazingly angry right this moment , maybe more than I ever have been . Anyone feeling cheery ? 
Time to end this . 
We breed , we consume . We obey and we lose ourselves . 
Modern love doesnt forgive . The only love I know doesnt forget . 
SEXUAL CHOCOLATE !! 
I envy mobile web , Why am I to have to first technology to hurt someone , and always the last that helps anyone ? 
Scared . Very . 
Good god , I want a police issue nightstick . 
Does anyone know what gun they issue generals in the army now a days ? 
You assume I dont see ? I seem too . Maddi . 
It is amazing how bad someone can make you feel and never even know it . nolongerhuman I suppose . 
Mom is gonna put back they it oughta be . Learn to swim . 
We may have all become apathetic , and not even known it . 
God , rehearsing is a serious business at this point , not even sure I want to be this angry on stage , and I make terror ebm , lol . 
Don't assume I am a monster when I am capable of so much more . 
Cold as a razor blade . 
Tight as a tourniquet . 
I run , but my heart won't let me get far . 
< PROPMALE > can't be lonely I guess . Caught me off guard . 
Found my wallet and I.D. Whooo ! 
This feeling is tearing me apart , and will not go away ... 
We degenerate because we refuse to look in the mirror and see what is really looking back at us . 
I miss so many people , and none of them miss me . Weird , out of sight out of mind seems to work for everyone but me . 
So many differing opinions on my facebook , I don't think I need to add mine . 
“Sarcasm : intellect on the offensive” 
I need catfish . Now . 
Crying seems so much more pathetic at 9 am . 
You are not alone , even if it feels that way . 
and then he cried , because he had no more worlds to conquer and there was nothing else for him . 
New hairstyle ... win ! 
Going to a club tonight . Maybe tomorrow night , and maybe the next . Odd world . 
Amazingly fun weekend , but shit I am worn out . 
New nolongerhuman album and artwork are getting submitted today . 
Out of sight out of mind , I wish it worked as well for me as it does for others . 
So nihilistic ... you're so beautiful , but you are cold to the touch . 
The Napa Culinary Institute is looking better and better * glee * 
In a world where money becomes more attractive than intelligence , we have all lost . Intelligence require self reflection , pain , tears , and self loathing . Money is dirty paper , printed by someone who has more of it than you do . 
Goddamn it . Phone is off for the time being . Facebook me . 
Blarg . Job me ! 
I am so exquisitely empty . 
I seem to be almost totally lactose intolerant , after not having dairy for more than a year , I try it , and every time I venture into ice cream or milk of any kind ... bad news bears . 
Odd , odd , dreams . Literally a dream that was an exact duplicate of the first night I met someone at Embers . I was convinced I was in Portland when I woke up . 
We breed , we consume , we obey and we lose ourselves , we die , we cower , we cry , now , we reap what we sew . 
Headed to S.F. today . 
nolongerhuman management is now run by < PROPMALE > Wheeler . Nothing changes except you will be seeing nolongerhuman live more often ( hopefully ) , and look for myself and < PROPMALE > ( playing live keys ) in Chicago at the WTII festival . 
When you are ready , I will surrender . 
Good lord . I have too much time to fill . What used to be time spent with my friend < PROPMALE > Beam , is now me cleaning obsessively . I think I may go back into the studio soon . 
I am stuck between two ideas for a text tattoo ... arg . 
So musician friends - who wants a nolongerhuman remix < PROPFEMALE > for an upcoming project ? Send me a message here and let me know . \ 
ab 
Hrm . 15 pounds of pulled pork , 4 pounds of roasted garlic mashed potatoes , 8 ears of corn ... coronary crusaders ! UNITE ! 
Back to obsessive dieting and working out for a few months . Yay . 
Rain ? Really ... more of it ? Fuckin ' hell . 
... having a blah day . I miss Portland , and people there . 
That one little thing . Eating at me like a constant toothache , and I can't find a cure for it , nor think about anything but it . 
Do we need to wear gas masks and goggles to dance clubs ? Are we welding after dancing , or ... afraid of a weaponized ricin attack , perhaps only targeting goth clubs ? 
Cut me , bruise me , lie to me . Just don't ignore me . 
Mmm .. with a little hard work we could be pretty . Just for you . 
Wow . A driver for my audio interface that WORKS ! Thanks , finally , TC Electronic . 
Hrm ... starting the day with sushi rice and roasted hoisin/honey peppers . 
I thinking no more blond in my hair ... 
Without compassion , without regret , there is no humanity . 
I don't want peace any more than the powers that be do . I just want to fight for the right reason . 
Impatience is a virtue , things get done faster , or you move on to something else and forget what didn't get done . 
Had you connected , maybe pimp slappin ' you into that < PROPFEMALE > cabinet might have been justified . 
Hypocrisy . You are it . 
