You know , last year was WAY better then this year . 

Ehhh ? 
I think I have insomnia . 
Insomnia , def 
My feet are cold . Seriously . 
I made a profile picture . 
I am eating sub for dinner . It is good . Om nom . 
Mandatory Daily update . Cousin < PROPFIRST>'s birthday . Family was over , they were loud and drunk until 4 AM . I woke up at 10 . I also was volen-told to partake in some of the festivities , about three times . It burned a little . 
Half hearted attempt at writing , blah . 
Was driving to school with < PROPMALE > , Slide off road , broad sided a big steel pole , bit shoken up . Stayed home today , can't really afford to miss school though . It kinda stunk . I had breakfest then have been asleep until now . No one was hurt . 
OH NO , HIS FACEBOOK . So , I totally already clicked his link . I can has hacked facebook ? 
Alright , I came home and immediatly started brewing a pot of coffee , and gave attention to my cat , who was waiting for me by the window . While adorable , I can't shake the feeling my cat needs a good toy to play with . On another note , < PROPMALE > ! Sorry I just vanished when you messaged me . :( 
I just got home and made myself a class of Orange Juice . I likes me my OJ . 
Just got home from Chicago , was quite the experiance , had good times , even though I'm pretty sure I got strep throat halfway through and about 16 hours total in the last three days , was fantastic ! Ask me about it and I'll try to respond when I can . 
Alright , I want to try Darkfall out , you get a week of it , digital download and everything for a week , for a dollar , anyone want to try it out with me ? Put in a comment 
I've spent the last 6 hours installing a kitchen sink . PVC , returning and buying tile , which is ehavy , drilling holes through floors and rolling around in a cobweb and < PROPFIRST > crawlspace .... I feel dirty , also , not done yet , just on break . 
The sink works ! I repeat ! The sink finally works ! 
It's offical me and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > are now roommates at my college . Fuck yea . 
I spent my entire staurday laying floor tile . It's done now though . It looks nice and my back hurts . 
Got my senior pictures today , bringing them in tommarow for everyone to pick what they want . :D 
Spring break is almost upon us . So close to a week O ' freedom ! JK ! I'll be working on the kitchen . lulz . 
Juuuust home from MTU preview day ! Was pretty amazing . 
DARKFALL'ERS START YOUR ENGINES ! ~ TONIGHT , WE DINE , IN DARKFALL ! 
Installing Darkfall now , lord save us all . 
Downloaded , now to try to figure out how to work this shizz 
Darkfall is loaded and I'm at character creation , which made me realize , Oh my lord ! We didnt all agree on a race ! Quick my brothers ! Respond ! 
Made a wolf person and played last night . So far , the game is pretty fun . 
Status on Darkfall : <--- ONly person to get it working and running . Fail . 
Green is on the tree's again , this makes me happy . 
Just went with my cousin to the Great Wall , was pretty boss . They gave us a free order of Fried bread , 10 pieces of it . Oh snap . 
Finally started on my online portfolio , whoop-dee-do . I hate English class , so much stupid crap to do , blah . 
AGH , ENGLISH PAPER ! DERP ! 
I walked across a ton of rocks , carrying boxes full of wood , barefoot . Not my best idea . Infact , it may have been my worst idea in a while ... In other news , School is out in three days . I'm getting very twitchy . 
So , I found this picture online . I think I love the internet even more . This sums up my feelings for High school , by the way . \ 
<---- 
IIIIIII FEEEEEEEEEEEEL FRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Hey , Any Openhouses that I should be attending , I'ma need to get a facebook invite to remember , just so ya'll know . 
I was sitting in a chai upside down while petting my cat sitting by my head when something < PROPFEMALE > ed on me , like the sun rising during the < PROPFEMALE > , I learned a deep lesson , a sort of self realization , if you will .... My fan is really loud . 
I'm just going to start a photo album for all the crap I find . 
Update on my fun picture gallery of happy fun times . 
Pretty sure I'm getting sick the night of Graduation . < PROPFEMALE > is all up in my grill for something . 
I can't find my Diablo II Lord of Destruction CD-key . Abooo . 
My cat is kinda jumpy today . I was sitting on the deck , having some lemonade and enjoying the day , talking to my dad , when my cat comes running from around the house full speed at me . I of course , freeze like a deer in the headlights , and he promptly jumps into my face , making me spill lemonade all over us . Turns out cats like lemonade , or being clean , one of the two . 
I may be -completely- fucked . It's up in the air . More news if it actually turns out I'm fucked . 
House construction is finally ending ! Yay ! To kick off the celebration , I have strep throat . lulz . Which , is actually not that bad , because , I caught it early , so it's a wimpy one . 
DBZ abridged is amazing . Oh my god . 
DOOOOOOODDDDGGGGGEEEEE !! 
Yu-Gi-Oh : The Abridged Series : This also exists . Oh mah gawd , youtube it . 
\Innocent ? Have you seen this guy ?! Besides 
I am feeling the Brooklyn Rage , Nyeh . 
Brother < PROPFIRST > comes home today . Will be neat to see him . 
As it turns out . I totally did not send out facebook invites for my openhouse until ... Now . Man , this GUI is not nearly as innovative as it could be . Need a Zombie Net . That'll learn ' um ... 
Thanks for coming out to my openhouse everyone that did . I am throughly burned and beaten . Good times . 
Is it just me , or has Pandora radio gotten crappier and crappier through the years ? 
It's come to my attention that people seem to seek me out when they are bored , what am I ? Some kind of instant not-bored-thing ? 
Hey , I think my E-mail may have been compromised ... So , don't open any emails from me , since , it's probably a virus or some such . 
I'm really bored . Someone should call my phone , and sing me a song and then leave it in my voice mail . I may call and sing a message back , to the first two people . 
\FRuit by the foot ? Learn 2 Europe 
I just don't understand . Why do people post lyrics from songs everybody knows ? It makes me die a little in side every time . 
My Pandora Radio is playing rediculously good music as of late . Pop in your E-mail and I'll send you the station , this is of course , if you know and like the kind of music I do . 
August 21 is my move in day to MTU 
I now apparently have a third roommate , < PROPFIRST > . 
KC & the Sun shine band .. Hell yea Pandora , bring the heat ! 
I'm going to be a professional Cat Herder . 
When the sky opened up and the rain poured down today , I was sitting in my kitchen , watching the rain through the doors . Each drop followed the last to splash upon the earth , removing the burden from the sky and placing it upon the Earth . For a moment , I wondered what the symbolism was , what it could represent . Then thought that it really was not that important . As long as the sky turns blue and earth turns green . 
To Taran :\ 
My old friend . I have Super Metroid , our favorite retro game . Except , there's a twist , you see . I have a completely re-done version of the game . New power ups , completely new maps , and even new physics , all wrapped up in the old metroid style . \ 
P.S. It's pretty bitchin ' 
Starcraft 2 . Yea , it's pretty awesome . 
Got my new Laptop , updating it , getting what I want on it , and then staring at the sexy back-lit keyboard . Oh man , back-lit keyboards are so sexy . 
Looking through my old crap as I decide what to pack for when I go away forever . Man , I used to be huge into Magic : The Gathering . Good times .... 
Need a DVD burn program ! Go ! Needs to be free , Not Sonic record now ! 
Craving a cigarette and I've never even smoked . I have a crippling second hand smoke addiction . No big deal . I'll just < PROPFEMALE > around bars and breath deep . 
Just got my hair cut by < PROPFIRST > . It is nice to not have my hair fall in front of my glasses . 
The count down begins ! 10 days until I get a Canadian accent ! 
Just going to say this once . Old Spice commercials are the best ones on TV . 
I got a new , amazing Pandora radio station ! It's alternative stuff that you may have / probably not have ever heard of before ! Plant your E-mail below and I'll send it too you via E-mail . 
Evening of the second day ! ( Day 2 ): Dum da da-da dum dum ! \ 
The < PROPFEMALE > leers closer ! 
DUM DA DA-DA DUM DUM ! < PROPFEMALE > of the final day ! The < PROPFEMALE > plummets to the clock tower ! 
Motel 8 Wooo ! Move in tomorrow ! 
My school has tags on the outside of doors . I am < PROPFIRST > , The Rhydon , from Pokemon . Awwwww hellz yea 
My room mates are web-camming each other , the < PROPFEMALE > ! THE < PROPFEMALE > ! 
If you know what this is , I posted it for you . If you don't ? Well ... You may like it . 
I have started my epic journey to beat I Wanna Be The Fangame . I've downed the behemoth and Pokémon battle , and I killed a secret boss . gLad0s ! I'm moving on up in the world . \ 
\ 
So , once I beat this game , I will have beaten the original and the fan-game . I will feel so accomplished . 
Classes start tomorrow . Wooo . 
So , the week I start college Houghton has broken It's all time heat record ... YAY ME 
So I beat I wanna be the Fan game . So , when do I win the world ? I've beaten IWTBTG and I WTBTFG 
I got a care package . It's nice to know you care . <3 Om nom nom < PROPFEMALE > 
I got out of my philosophy class , and was out walking in the rain , so , I got a blue < PROPFIRST > smoothie . I made a good choice ! Smoothies make everything better . 
I will have a story to tell in a while .... But it must finish unfolding first . 
saw a < PROPFEMALE > baby bat outside today . As I got close , it squeaked . It was adorable . However , the squeak , after the adorable feeling left , probably meant that it was scared . So I felt bad and let it be . 
THIS JUST IN ! Everything is fine , I'm doing good , and the gallery has lemonade on tap . Awesome . THIS IS THE END OF THE UPDATE BROADCAST ! 
Revelation : Failure is just success rounded down . 
I am updating my status because I have not updated my status in a long while . I have been so busy with homework that I get bored on weekends for the lack of it . Blah . 
I really do enjoy not having class until 2 PM on Tuesday . Sleeping in is greeeaaaaaattt . 
I'm purging my friends list with holy fire . So , in short ... \ 
BURN IN RIGHTEOUS FIRE ! 
It has been confirmed . Chances of me coming home for Thanksgiving , a WHOPPING 95% ! Well goodness , is that great or what ? 
I got invited to go eat food , that is not dorm food ! Excited ! 
Posting song lyrics is the most annoying , over done , and brainless thing that one can do with their decidedly wasteful post . It not only wastes YOUR time , but OURS as well . IN ADDITION It clogs up the feed , keeping insightful , funny , or other LESS TERRIBLE posts from appearing . Posting song lyrics as your Facebook status is trolling . so from now on anytime someone does it , they get an ASCII from me . \ 
-love , < PROPFIRST > 
I love Tuesday . No class until 2PM is amazing , I pay for it on Thursday , but it's worth it ! I was able to stay up until 2 AM WATCHING BACK GAMIN ! IS THAT NOT THE GREATEST THING EVER !?! 
Philosophy is a ridiculous class to take . I dislike giant ass papers on philosophers , I'd rather just have out of class group meetings and discuss the readings and ideas . Papers may be structured ways to form your own ideas , but I'm interested in views I may have missed . What I'm trying to say is ... \ 
I'd rather write multiple small papers then one exceedingly large one . 
Obligatory update of status ... 100%\ 
Commencing ... \ 
Verifying connection ... \ 
Testing compatibility ... \ 
Delivering ' Payload ' ... \ 
Message : \Meh \"" 
Yay , I did not fail my math exam ! Infact , I got a 90% ! As you can guess , it made me pretty happy , now , if you excuse me , I have two papers to write and a Java program that compares any length two-dimensional array for a string of array's that equate to a \Waldo\ " array . Derp . " 
I feel like I should switch majors to Systems administrator & Network analysis . Or , more or less , an IT guy . I blame my Electronics Class in High-School , Most fun I've ever had in a classroom Mr. < PROPMALE > . I throughly enjoyed running wires through the ceiling and fixing the perpetually broken computers . Ah ! Fond memories ... 
My mind : FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU 
A joke . \ 
How many months are in a year ?... \ 
Twelve ! \ 
Thanks , Laffy Taffy . 
So , I've discovered that one of my favorite down-time hobbies is constructing D&D characters . My only regret is that I'm never certain about which I want to play ! I do just love going though and picking what best benefits our party and situation . Right now I'm rolling Monk , level 2 , and I'm the damage dealer of the party , yay ! I plan to keep it that way , I have it planned out until level 12 . 
Getting ever more efficient at doing homework . 
Another perfect score on a philosophy paper ! Yay ! Also , John-Paul Sartes is an interesting philosopher . 
I met the < PROPMALE > of MTU . He is the President of the Chem club , and was selling shirts with all of the chemical make-up of drugs and stickers , one was just the stereotypical toxic , the other was Dangerous When wet sticker , which he was selling via \Give it to your favorite lady friend and delight as she slaps the hell out of you ! \ " He was also freezing any food you brought him in a giant Chemical vat of Liquid Nitrogen . " 
So , I finally woke up to snow . I have to say the heaters in the dorms are crazy good . Our window is wide open , it's practically a blizzard out there , and it's pretty nice in here . I'd say around 70-80 degrees . 
\I always thought a jar of jelly should have been OJ's wife because it's the only kind of girl thats okay to knife . \"" 
BREAKING NEWS : Miller is in the Shepherd area . Sleeping in your area code . Their's nothing you can do about it . 
Oh god , it looks like a defenseless coastal village after some vikings arrive to do some \shopping \"..." 
I've done it ! I've watched every episode of Full-metal Alchemist , Brotherhood . Good anime . 
Perfect < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > HOOOOOOOO ! 
If any of you use a laptop without a wireless mouse , I have one very important question :\ 
What in the world is wrong with you ? 
How many Peta members does it take to change a light-bulb ?.... \ 
None , Peta can't change anything ! 
Am I the only one who has to write a eight < PROPFEMALE > paper and five < PROPFEMALE > paper back to back ? Cheers , you slackers . 
I imagine I must look rather crazed , I have blood shot wide eyes from sleepless nights working on projects and papers , and a perpetual grin because it's over and I got all of it in and all of it that is done is great . My crazed eyes and grins are trophies of my victory . I shall savor the feeling . 
< PROPFIRST > Miller is in the Shepherd area , climbing in your windows , and snatching your food up . So you better hide your snacks and yo drinks ... 
I think I'm a crazy cat lady . 
Christmas , have a good one . I changed my profile picture to be festive , WooooOoOoOooOooOOO ! 
Have you seen < PROPFIRST > the guard's cursed rotten kiwi ?! I want it ! I want it ! Get it to my by any means and I'll give you 435 golds and ore pieces ! 
See this ? This right here ? This is why I feel like I should constantly move my birthday on Facebook a day forward , since that would be HILARIOUS ! Thanks for the birthday wishes though . 
So I've decided . If you had to eat your own leg to survive , the foot would taste the worst , AND be the most obnoxious to eat , because of all the bones . I mean , really ? like 23 bones are in your foot , not to mention toe nails and all those things you've ever stepped in ? Does not make for a good source of food . 
I was a hipster before being a hipster was sooooooooo main stream . It was so much better then , you know , before it sold out . 
Slowly becoming nocturnal ... 
So , if everything is bigger in Texas , does that mean Alaska is even BIGGER if you're in Texas too ? If that holds true , then would not nearly EVERY state be bigger . Looking at it now , Texas is pretty small ... 
I am back in my dorm room . Excelsior ! 
It is time ... I shall lead my people to glory . \ 
Dwarf Fortress ... \ 
Boatmurdered .... TWO ! 
I PROGRAM HARD , HEEEEAAAAARRPPPPP ! 
Incoming Cabin Fever WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
So , I was all like , \I NEED TO DO MATH LAB ! \ " \ 
Roommate playing horror . Removed all light . Looking forward to screams ! 
So I was sitting in the After Math Cafe studying Chemistry before the exam like a good boy , and I was randomly given a Beef Sub while it was closing down , yay ! Somebody likes me ! 
Chemistry : The only hard class I have , because the teacher has a love affair with Organic Chemistry but the Exam sure didn't . \ 
:( 
I have received a care package ! Thanks for the well wishes and snacks ! In honor of this gift I shall fashion the box into a useful tool ! Along with eating the things inside ! 
Sometimes I try to think of a good way to update my Facebook status in a way thats funny and clever . Then I realize it's Facebook . 
So , I'm a D&D munchkin . Say what you will , but I full round action for 12d6+60 damage every other round . Half of it is fire damage . Fuck trolls . 
Coming home for spring break in twelve days . Should be a good time . Going to bring the magic decks I have made up here down , pwn some noobs . 
Saturday is the day of my return . I look forward to not homework , and not doing homework . 
I was just told to go to sleep over Facebook . Well , I'll have you know ! I cannot ; I'm kinda busy pwning noobs . 
I'm currently in the Mt . Pleasant area . 
So , in the computer labs , yesterday . I saw it , a group of guys booted up an oldschool Pokemon blue emulator ... They did the glitch , and captured Mew right in front of me . It was magical . 
It's still snowing up here . Wooooooo 
