Tomorrow is the last day of school for my 3 kids and just getting ready for a busy summer . 

Happy fathers day to my husband < PROPFIRST > and to my dad who passed away 2 yrs ago of a heart attack at 63 . I sure do miss him . 
Im cancelling my account on facebook and myspace . Ive been to busy lately and im hardly ever on there . 
Me and husband and kids are going to see the new transformer movie next week . Son is a huge fan . We had a discussion the other day about decepticons and autobots . 
My < PROPFEMALE > matrix has a hurt front leg . I dont know if it is broken or sprained . All he is doing is sleeping . A trip to the vet is in order . 
Yesterday , i was very sick all day . 
< PROPFEMALE > fawcett died today from cancer . She was 62 . 
As you may all ready know mj passed away . As much as he was wierd and all . He was an incredible talent and icon and he will be so greatly missed . And < PROPFEMALE > fawcett was so beautiful and talented and will be greatly missed . RIP < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Despite the 2 famous deaths yesterday , I forgot to mention i went to see transformers 2 which in my husbands words was a kick ass movie . That is a very good movie and it was better then the first . It had more action , more transformers and at the same time ha 
My cat got sick today . Oh how fun it is cleaning up cat puke . 
Please explain to me ! Why are there so many idiots in this world ??? 
Right now me and my husband are watching eaten alive on animal planet . 
Had a wonderful 4th of july . I celebrated with my husband < PROPFIRST > and kids and mom . Me and mom also went out today and bought all my kids school supplies and backpacks . I got it all out of the way . Proberly for august , ill do some school clothing shopping . 
Set up tent last night and camped out in the backyard . 
My neighbors are fighting , domestic dispute . Some words were said and she walked out . 
Im about to hit the sack . I had along day . Tired after spending most of it helping to rearange furniture in my daughters room . I kept there bunkbed right where it is due to it being a huge pain . 
Whats up with all this rain and cool weather . Usually its hot and sunny . It feels like spring rather then summer . 
Kids are all in bed and just spending time with husband . 
The webster carnival starts today until saturday . Its right next to my house . 
Yesterday , went with kids to a magic show then my son < PROPFIRST > had his friend < PROPMALE > over with his mom and they had dinner with us and stayed late and watched the fireworks at the firemans parade . Today me and husband finally got our lawn cut . 
My husband jasons birthday is today . Number 36 . We are going to cook some shrimp skewers on the grill(shishagabobs)And have this yummy birthday cake that has a brownie crust with icecream on it and fudge and topped with m and ms. 
Husband went to get a new eye exam a new glasses at lens crafters . 
Daughter < PROPFEMALE > gets annoyed about a boy that plays with her named cj aka < PROPFIRST > james . He gets annoyed by some of the things he does . I told her , those are boys for you . 
To everyone who lives in ny . Its supposed to rain everyday this week up until next week . This has been the crappiest summer ive seen so far . It doesnt even seem like summer has even begun . I heard down in los angelas california . Its been in the 80s almost ever 
Im ready to go to bed . Getting sleepy . Tomorrow is another day . 
Went to a horse show today with kids . The horses were beautiful . 
I tried that yearbook yourself 2009 application and i wanted to see what i would look with long hair . Some pics look good . Others look scary . I tried my husbands pic on the site . I laughed when i saw him with blonde dreadlocks . I laughed so hard . I cried . 
We got a new bike for our youngest daughter < PROPFEMALE > age 7 because she outgrew the old one and me and husband < PROPFIRST > and kids had a water balloon fight . 
Its 1am and i cant sleep . My hubby and kids are all asleep and here i am looking over at the tv and watching the movie final destination on encore and trying to get sleepy . Has anyone ever had one of those nights ? 
Saw the movie Escape to Witch Mountain that just came out today on dvd . It stars < PROPMALE > the rock Johnson . I saw the original when i was a kid . My husband and me and kids loved it . It was a cool movie . 
Getting ready for a busy week next week . Everyday there is something planned . 
Today , was an exausting day . It was just one thing after another . Kids arguing , Kids got spaghetti sauce on one there medical papers for the doctors , etc , etc , etc . 
Went to visit my mom with family . She lives in avon , ny . 
My kids are playing with my neighbors two bunnie , dill and pickles . They are both black . 
is very hurt and depressed and sad . 
Went to seabreeze and had a blast . I won a scooby poster for son and a zac efron poster for daughter . And < PROPFEMALE > got < PROPFEMALE > montana . Sierra won herself a twilight poster . So they got some new things to < PROPFEMALE > on there wall . 
Today is me and my husbands 13th wedding anniversary . Wow 13 yrs , 2 more yrs and it will be 15 . 
My husband < PROPFIRST > got us a new kitten , her name is midnight . Shes all black . 
My son < PROPFIRST > acts just like me . Its scary . 
I might make a video of me and family and post it on my facebook profile . If i ever find the time . 
My kids and there friend < PROPFEMALE > that lives next door are camping out in our backyard enjoying the last couple days of there vacation before school starts on wednesday . 
Im starting my exercise routine tomorrow . 
Tomorrow is the first day of school for all 3 kids , < PROPFIRST > is in 5th grade , sierra 4th and < PROPFEMALE > 2nd . I still cant believe < PROPFIRST > is in 5th grade which is his last year in elementary then off to jr high . 
All 3 kids had a wonderful first day of school . They all like there teachers but still wished that summer vacation wasnt over . I told them , it will be here again . Believe me the school year always seems to go by so fast . Hopefully next summer wont rain as much . 
For all the people who lost there lives on sept 11 , 2001 . We will never forget and to all there families and friends . My heart and prayers go out to every single one of them . 
Im so sad to hear that < PROPFIRST > swayzee passed away . RIP Patrick !! Now i must watch dirty dancing . What is up with all these great people dying this year . Its just to sad and depressing to think about . 
Two faced people really piss me off . 
Daughter < PROPFEMALE > had her first day of girlscouts tonight . She is going to be selling girlscout cookies . 
My feet are killing me . 
Our water heater is shot . Were getting a new one tomorrow . 
My kitten midnight is sitting on my lap while im trying to type this message and she took her paw and touched my face . 
I bought my kids there halloween costumes . They are all set . My son is now already asking about christmas . Im like geez . Dont rush me . The year is already flying by as it is . 
Kids have off tomorrow for superintendents day and they also have monday off . Sierra is selling girlscout cookies . I cant believe they are 3.50 a box . I remember when they were only 1.25 . Thats inflation for ya !! 
I had a pretty horrible and depressing day today . My cat died from being hit by a car . He was only 6 years old . 
All three kids have halloween costumes . Michael is going to be the grim reaper , brenna is going to be a gothic vampire and < PROPFEMALE > is going to be a red devil by bratz . Michaels costume creeps me out . Next year he wants to be a werewolf . 
I had a wonderful day . My < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > terrier dog got sick and puked on my bed . How nice . Thats the wonderful thing about being a pet owner . 
Today i carved pumpkins with my kids and tomorrow we have our normal family christmas pictures taken . 
My mom is cancer free . Yeah !! 
My kids got tons of < PROPFEMALE > but my youngest < PROPFEMALE > whos 7 i think had to much halloween because she came down with a cold and is not feeling well . We walked blocks when we went trick or treating . We walked further this year then last . Too much for her little feet . 
Happy thanksgiving everyone !!! 
Spent all last evening putting up my tree and decorations . Today its a day filled with cleaning out my closet . Oh how fun !! 
Finally i was able to see Ghosts of girlfriends past on dvd tonight with my husband jason . I liked it alot . It stars < PROPFIRST > mccanaughey and < PROPFEMALE > garner . 
I started today on a wierd note . Really early this morning i hurt my big toe pretty bad . 
I had a wonderful christmas , especially my husband and kids . My kids have been wired all day , jumping around and acting silly . I hope everyone had a happy and < PROPFEMALE > christmas also . 
I chipped my toothe on the side of my mouth and now my gums are puffed up . 
Black 
In the near future , me and my family are seriously considering moving out of ny state . So if anyone on facebook can suggest some states that have good schools , safe neighborhoods , low taxes , employment and pretty reasonable real estate . Im trying to do my research on states that i could live . Any suggestions would greatly help me . I totally appreciate it . 
Just sent out invitations for my daughter brennas birthday party . She turns 8 on < PROPFIRST > 22nd . Her party is at the funzone in ontario ny . It has rollerskating , laser tag , video games , etc . Shes really excited . 
My daughter < PROPFEMALE > just threw up all over her rug in her bedroom and my other daughter sierras stuffed panda and shoe . Poor girl this happened tonight which tomorrow happens to be her 8th birthday . 
Yesterday i spent all day in bed sick with the 24 hr bug . I caught it from my 8 yr old daughter . It was horrible . I had the chills then the sweats then my legs and arms ached , plus throwing up , etc . Everytime i tried to sleep my legs hurt so bad . It was hard too . I had my supply of aspirin , ginger ale and tea . Im feeling alot better today . Thank god !! 
My mom always told me when i was younger that when you get older , you will find out who your true friends are . She was right . 
For anyone who doesnt know who the celebrity thats pictured on my facebook profile is . Its < PROPFEMALE > fisher , the lady that played < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in < PROPFEMALE > wars and < PROPMALE > hanks wife in the burbs . People have told me many times that i look like her . My hair is naturally brown like hers . May the force be with you !! 
I couldnt go to the class of 93 cal-mum mini reunion because my son < PROPFIRST > had a carnival at his school to raise money for seabreeze and he signed up to help out . 
Son < PROPFIRST > just threw up all over the kitchen floor trying to make it to the bathroom plus he even threw up in the bathroom . It got on some on the wall and toilet . I having a fun night . But poor < PROPFIRST > !! 
I posted a new profile pic of me and my husband < PROPFIRST > . 
This morning my 10 yr old son and 8 yr old daughter were fighting over a chair and who should sit in it . Sometimes i want to go to an island far away from it all and drink some long island iced teas and have hot men with bulging biceps just pamper me and wait on me hand and foot . In the future , im going to have kids that are all teenagers all at one time . Please tell me it will get better !! 
Happy valentines to all of you !!! 
We finally got ourselves , a nintendo wii . The kids love it . 
Daughter < PROPFEMALE > went to a sleepover at the kiwanis lodge in webster . It was with her girlscout troop . 
Me and < PROPFIRST > were looking at old pictures of him when he was a kid and teenager . He was laughing and say oh my god what a dork . I told him we all looked like a dork when we were young . In one pic which was taken in the 80s . He was about 9 and he was wearing those long socks that boys would wear back then . They had stripes on the tops of them . I told him . Gotta dig those socks . 
I heard there a real bad snowstorm coming . The news says starting tomorrow morning into the weekend . Im not really a winter person . But what can you you do . Its ny and spring is not very far away . 
I really need to post some new pics of me and my family . I have been very busy with everything . My son < PROPFIRST > turns 11 next week and im getting ready for that . My kids got a new < PROPFEMALE > thats black and white . Its a mini < PROPMALE > and her name is cookie . Because it looks like cookies and cream . I have been helping them out with that . 
Snow day for all the kids . Cant believe all this snow . My husband went out to his car this morning and there were snow drifts almost burying the back side of his car . He got out . Thank god for 4 wheel drive . 
Went to the rochester museum and science center with family . The kids loved it . Especially the dinosaurs . 
I know i shouldnt have . But i just ate a garbage plate and god it was good . 
< PROPFIRST > had a great time at his 11th birthday party . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > HAIM !! Gone too soon and way too young at the age of 38 . 
Never take anyone for granted . 
Happy St patricks day to everyone and thanks alot for all the birthday wishes . You all really made my day happy !! 
My husband < PROPFIRST > is in the hospital with pneumonia . He has it in his left lung . Hes been at rochester general since friday . He is really sick . 
My husband < PROPFIRST > is out of the hospital but he is still a little weak and he is tired . Someone told me that it could take anywhere from 1-2 wks for a person to get better from pneumonia . 
< PROPFIRST > is feeling so much better . Basically back to normal . He lost 13 pounds due to being sick . 
When the tide of life turns against you , and the current upsets your boat . Don't waste time on what might have been , just lie on your back and float . 
The last couple of days ive been doing nothing but cleaning . Today i rearranged my furniture in my living room . Later me and my family went to the park then we got haircuts . 
the challenge is to find someone who knows everything about you , yet loves you no matter what . 
The kids have a easter egg hunt this afternoon at a neighbors house . Its a nice enough day for it . 
My husband finally got a better paying job and it pays a whole lot of money . He is so very happy and im happy for him . Thats how life sometimes works . Just as you think your down . You are standing right back on your feet again with your head held high . 
Me and < PROPFIRST > are watching the first revenge of the nerds on encore . That movie is classic with booger , lamar and the rest of them . 
Im not feeling well tonight , i dont know what it is . I dont know whether its something i ate or im coming down with something . 
These last two days have been quite interesting with my three kids . Last night < PROPFEMALE > was supposed to be sleeping and here she was playing her school violin at 11pm at night . Then this morning at 7am . I woke up to my kids barking like dogs . 
Me and < PROPFIRST > and family are thinking about moving to north < PROPFEMALE > in the next couple of years . I have a relative that just moved down there so the move might be alittle easier . Jason is getting sick of living in new york state . 
Helping son < PROPFIRST > with his math homework . Its on angles like obtuse , right and acute . 
Happy mothers day to all the great moms out there and to my very awesome mom and also to my three wonderful kids , I love you michael , sierra and < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I spent mothers day with my family and my mom came to see us . She brought over some of her baked goodies . My three children each made me a poem with there own words which made me tear up . I also go a bouquet of lovely flowers and this beautiful heart necklace that my kids picked out . 
Today is my daughter sierras birthday . She turned 10 yrs old . 
My son < PROPFIRST > wrote an essay for D.A.R.E and his essay won out of the 5th grade . It was picked by two webster police officers and he had to read it in front of the entire 5th grade . He got a tshirt , certificate and he was told he would get some kind of prize on monday . Im so proud of him . Congrats < PROPFIRST > !! 
The last couple of days have been pretty busy !! 
Im really upset and angry today about an incident that happened yesterday afternoon with my 10 yrold daughter < PROPFEMALE > and this 25+ women . 
My son < PROPFIRST > whos 11 and in 5th grade had to watch the FILM today in school . Its that movie about puberty . Where all the boys get put in one room and girls in another . 
Rip < PROPFIRST > coleman !! Another young celebrity dead . What is there some kind of curse going on !! 
Sometimes i get mad because i feel that people are judging me based on the fact im married to an hispanic man which is an interracial relationship . 
I did some yard work today , mowed the lawn behind the house and pulled some weeds out with my bare hands and my youngest daughter helped me . I just hope we dont get poison < PROPFEMALE > . 
Another actor has passed away and its < PROPFIRST > hopper . He was the bad guy in speed . Hes dead at 74 due to prostate cancer . 
I was looking for sandals for my 11 yr old son < PROPFIRST > and he now wears a size 8 youth . Well at some stores i literally have to buy a mans size 8 . 
Off to the dentist i go today for a routine cleaning . Then next month i go back to the dentist for a crown to be put on my front toothe . 
Well , all three of my kids all got there report cards and they are all moving up to the next grade . Brenna is going to 3rd ( mrs forrest ) , Sierra is in 5th(mrs adams)and < PROPFIRST > is going to jr high which is 6th , they havent told us his teacher yet . 
Man , is it hot outside . Im grateful that we have our air conditioner hooked up . 
One person who im very proud of is my mom . Shes 65 and overcame breast cancer and is a clean < PROPMALE > of health and is still going strong . 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > went to get our hair cut over the weekend and < PROPFEMALE > got her hair cut really short . 
When i was at the salon , i was looking at this magazine while i was waiting and you are not going to believe what i saw . 
Later today im going to watch the movie Diary of a Wimpy Kid with my family . Ive seen it already in the theater but my kids wanted to see it again . What a perfect movie for < PROPFIRST > to watch before he starts middle school . And its about a boy starting middle school as well . 
While my husband was at work , i rearanged some of our livingroom and went ahead and lifted a really big tv . Which i didnt want to wait until < PROPFIRST > got home so i did it my self . I put all my strength in it and man that was friggin heavy . Now my legs and arms this morning feel like i just worked out at the gym for days . 
Im pretty tired right now , didnt get much sleep last night . 
My 11 yr old son needs glasses due to a very small case of stigmitism . 
My two kids < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are fighting over a pencil sharpener . Please make the first day of school come soon . I believe its about in 2 weeks . 
did you ever notice that all the problems women have start with men ? men-stral , men-opause , men-tal illness . 
Cant wait until tomorrow . Me and jasons 14th wedding anniversary . We have been married 14 yrs and known each other 17 yrs . Jason is taking me to the < PROPFEMALE > garden for dinner . 
I just wanted to say Happy wedding anniversary to my husband jason . I love him and i hope we celebrate many more !! We have been married 14 yrs as of today . 
I had an awesome anniversary yesterday . But instead of going to < PROPFEMALE > garden . We went to the outback . Olive garden was packed and there was a long line waiting to get a table . 
Busy week coming up . Me and my family are going to seabreeze on monday . My son michaels middle school orientation is on tuesday which is where he will get his locker combo and class schedule and wednesday i have a dentist appointent for a crown and friday going school clothing shopping . 
Today was the first day of school for all my three kids . Michael starts middle school , sierra is in 5th and < PROPFEMALE > is in 3rd . Where did all the time go . I remember when all of them were born . 
My three kids all have halloween costumes , michael is a werewolf , brenna is a witch and < PROPFEMALE > is a gothic ragdoll which is pretty cool . 
There has been so much on my mind lately espesially when it comes to talking to my kids about believing in themselves . 
Be happy ! Let NOTHING take your joy ! Enjoy life ! There's a reason stressed spelled backwards is desserts 
I may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyone's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me ............ as I am , or watch me as I walk away ! Post if you're proud of being who you are . 
I havent been on facebook in awhile because of all the craziness going on . A couple of days ago my husband < PROPFIRST > had to replace his radiator in his car due to the fact it was leaking and pretty shot . 
Whats up with this week , first my husbands car cost a lot to be fixed now my washer broke . The goods news is i have a master protection warrenty on it so it wont cost me anything . I saved around 400 dollars . 
My husband is a die hard steelers fan , ever since he was 5 yrs old and next week they play against the bills at < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > stadium . 
My daughter < PROPFEMALE > is having a sleepover at the rochester international airport with her girlscout troop . They will sleep in the conference room and i believe they are going to have pizza tonight . 
Here i am at almost 1am in the morning having a hard time again with getting sleep . 
I saw stepup 3 today and it was pretty good . My husband < PROPFIRST > sure loved it . He loves dance movies . 
Me and my family had a wonderful christmas . We had quite a feast . My mom came over with so many christmas cookies . I have no idea how im going to get rid of them all . My husband and kids will help . 
I really dont get on facebook that much . So i dont want any of you to think im ignoring you . I do get on it off and on . And thats because my kids are constantly on the computer . 
Happy Birthday to my daughter < PROPFEMALE > today . She turned 9 yrs old . 
I hope steelers kicks the jets butt !!!!!!! 
Steelers , Steelers . Yes , Yes !! I knew they would do it . 
My almost 11 yr old daughter has her first boyfriend . Its very cute . 
Today is my moms birthday . She turns 66 . Happy Birthday to her and i love her very much and i hope she has many more !!!! 
webster schools are closed tomorrow . First snow day for them . They are so happy !! 
