is super bored . Who wants to entertain me ?! 

is such a rockstar . 
:'( 
is ummm well are going to bed and passin the fuck out 2 differnt things ?....... frickin balls broski . 
Cupid ain't got shit on me . 
Call of Duty : World at War . 
Oh into the sea of waking dreams I fall without pride . 
Oh you know what's on my mind . :P haha ! 
Some people just believe anything you tell them , and oh how it sucks to be them . 
I walk the line of the disappointed , I celebrate when I'm in pain , my heart and mind can be disjointed , I built a bed in this hole I made , I recognize that I am damaged , I sympathize that you are too , but I wanna breathe without feeling so self conscious , 
Dance your cares away , worries for another day . Let the music play , down at Fraggle Rock . 
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay pool time ! 
CHA'MONE!!!! 
You join the line of the getting richer , you keep your pace but it's moving slow , you are defined by all that you have hoarded , but you're surprised it doesn't fill up the hole . You won't be thinking of cars when you're on your death bed and dying , you'll 
is a < PROPFEMALE > how could I not shine ? 
I got something for that it goes bla-ka-ka-kat . 
<3 
Oh it is so that time ! 
is on the way to Florida !! 
anyone wanna entertain me ? 
They try to keep me on the bottom but I prefer the top . 
is going to lunch then driving to < PROPMALE > !! 
I am heaven sent , don't you dare forget . I am all you ever wanted what all the other girls promised . Sorry I told , I just needed you to know I think in decimals and dollars , I am the cause to all your problems . Shelter from cold , we are never alone . Coord 
I'm sorry I didn't hear a word you said . 
Some guys just can't handle Vegas . 
Hey Russia , FUCK YO ' FACE ! 
just got home from chilling with my hot smoked piece of meat !!! hahahahahhahaha woooooooooooooowzers 
Watching House then Lie to Me and working on assignments ! 
Do you live , do you die , do you bleed for the fantasy ? In your mind , through your eyes , do you see it’s the fantasy ? Say it , say it , say that you believe . Say it , say it to me . 
zZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZz ... 
When he came running at you , you picked him up and put him in the trunk and said he was your lucky charm ! 
You join the line of the getting richer , you keep your pace but it's moving slow . You are defined by all that you have hoarded but you're surprised it doesn't fill up the hole . Another piece of the puzzle that doesn't fit , you throw your arms up you're so 
Some guys are just fucking retarded . 
I dont mind where you come from as long as you come to me . But I dont like illusions , I can't see them clearly . I dont care , no I wouldn't dare to fix the twist in you , you've shown me eventually what you'll do . I don't mind , I don't care , as long as you ' 
Anyone have any kind of ideas ? 
You touch me baby , then you untouch me baby . You feed me your lies , words like pie . You want me baby , then you unwant me baby . Outsmart me baby , now I'm all crazy . 
is a certified B.A. and the best you'll ever have . :P 
Person 1 : \If you are straight google an Asian dick\ " ......... Person 2 : \ " I don't think I would feel straight googling an Asian dick \"" 
All the choices that you chose leave you nothing left to hold when you're nothing it's a good time to remind you of one thing , the pursuit begins when this portrayal of life ends . 
Has no one to jam out to Guitar Hero with anymore :'( 
So denied , so I lied , are you the now or never kind ? 
Off in the night while you live it up I'm off to sleep . Waging wars to shake the poet and the beat , I hope it's gonna make you notice someone like me . Somebody , someone like you . I've been roaming around always lookin down at all I see 
just might be getting the COOLEST new laptop EVER !! 
Reading , writing and arithmetic are the branches of the learning tree . But without the roots of love every day , girl your education ain't complete . Teachers gonna show you , how to get an A , spell me , you , add the two , listen to me baby , thats all you gotta do . 
I guess what I'm saying is there ain't no better reason to rid yourself of vanity and just go with the seasons , It's what we aim to do and our name is our virtue . But I won't hesitate no more , no more , it cannot wait , I'm sure . There's no need to complicate , our time is short . This is our fate , I'm yours . 
There are only three things that matter in the state of Kentucky : Bourbon , Basketball , and Horseracing . 
?? üšï¢ ??...? Š ????? ? 
is SUPER excited to see my big sissy today ! 
had an amazing MGD night with my big sis ! 
? d ^_^ b ? 
What if I wanted to break , laugh it all off in your face , what would you do ? 
I really wanna play football STILL ! 
Is free tonight !!! Going to go to Blakleys later , what's there to do tonight people ?!?! 
< PROPFEMALE > I get my new laptop tomorrow pretty excited about that !! Then going to Blakleys for the night :D I fucking love COMMA life is all I can say ! 
Just got my new laptop !!!! So excited ! It's so pretty and awesome !!! 
getting everything set up on my new laptop then getting ready for Blakleys tonight !! 
On the way to get Tay and then go to Blakleys event thingy then back to Blakleys !!!! 
This is our decision , to live fast and die young . We've got the vision , now let's have some fun . Yeah , it's overwhelming , but what else can we do ? Get jobs in offices , and wake up for the morning commute . 
I'm feeling rough , I'm feeling raw , I'm in the prime of my life . Let's make some music , make some money , find some models for husbands . :D 
Weve tried to wash our hands of all of this never talk of our lacking relationships & how we're guilt stricken sobbing with our heads on the floor we fell through the ice when we tried not to slip wed say I cant be held responsible cuz she was touching her face I wont be held responsible she fell in love in the 1st place For the life of me I cannot remember what made us think that we were wise & wed never compromise . 
I'm feeling rough , I'm feeling raw , I'm in the prime of my life . This is our decision , to live fast and die young , we've got the vision , now let's have some fun . Yeah , it's overwhelming , but what else can we do ? Get jobs in offices , and wake up for the morning commute . 
The foulest stench is in the air , the funk of forty thousand years . And grizzly ghouls from every tomb are closing in to seal your doom . And though you fight to stay alive your body starts to shiver , for no mere mortal can resist the evil of the thriller . 
Could you pass the cool wHip ? You can't have pie without cool wHip .... wait what ? 
is completely free today sooooo what's going on ?! 
Chorus romance says goodnight , close your eyes and I'll close mine . Remember you , remember me , hurt the first the last between . And just maybe we might see something there in between then and there that exceeds all we can dream . 
is killing zombies and pouncing survivors , for 25 dmg of course ! 
So denied , so I lied , are you the now or never kind ? In a day and a day love , I'm gonna be gone for good again . Are you willing to be had , are you cool with just tonight ? Here's a toast to all those who hear me all too well . Here's to the nights we felt alive , here's to the tears you knew you'd cry , here's to goodbye tomorrow's gonna come too soon . 
Ooooooooooooooo C-A-T-S , CATS , CATS , CATS !!!! Just another way to remind Louisville how much they suck :D !!!!!!! Heheheeeeeee now possibly a nap time ? Dunno but hanging out with Blakley and Tay all day !! 
Playing games and watching the Cowboys play the Giants at the new stadium ! 
Can't wait for the game tomorrow !!! 
fucking loves football :D so much <3 
Do you know how < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > really died ? Cuz I do !!! 
can't wait for the game this weekend !! I fucking <3 football and the fall !!! 
I was fighting through every rhyme , tightening up every line , never resting the question if I was out of my mind . It finally came time to do it and let it die so we put the chips on the table and told them to let it ride , sing it .... 
MRS . VOTEBAN 
Believe it or not Twinkies have an expiration date , pretty soon life's little Twinkie gauge is going to go empty . It's time to nut up or shut up . 
weekend = FOOTBALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\Llamas will break your heart without so much as a ' My bad . ' \"" 
Imma let you finish but ... 
Big Blue Madness was a blast !! Leaving tomorrow morning to go to Florida though ! 
10,849 Auto Shotgun kills out of 18,705 shots since May 27 , 2009 . ROFL 
A SPAH IS SAPPING MUH DEMO ! FU Valve for pre-firing Daylight Savings . 
FU once again Valve ... FUUUUUU . 
L4D2 is the SHIT !!! Thank you Valve for finally fucking releasing it today .... assholes . 
Now when I caught myself , I had to stop myself from saying something that I should've never thought of you ; Of you , you're pushing and pulling me down to you but I don't know what I want . No I don't know what I want . You got it , you got it , some kind of magic hypnotic , hypnotic , you're leaving me breathless ... 
And we just want sleep but this night is hell . I'm sick and sunk and I blame myself because I make things hard and you're just trying to help . I got no gas , I'm winding out my gears . This is one more day on the verge of tears and now my head hurts and my health is a joke . Now I got to stop because the headphones broke ..... I'm another day late and one year older , it's failure by design . 
Alright ... gotta print of the tickets for Brand New , go to the football game ( EKUs gonna lose ! ) Then go to North < PROPFEMALE > !! Fun day :D 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMbVPMzSqYY&feature=sub 
And that's when you realize , \I'm not your favorite anymore . \"" 
WE WANT 8 !!! On my way to Rupp :D 
Last night I swallowed liquor and a lighter and this morning I threw up fire . But it's nothing new , I've been piecing it together and it's got something to do with every look thrown like a knife across a crowded room , every slow and quiet car ride I spent drinking in the backseat , every stupid < PROPFEMALE > to every stupid song and every stupid word that everybody's hanging on . 
Midgets gone today so I'm playing some Modern Warfare 2 and maybe some L4D for the last time haha cuz L4D2 is 7.5 hours away :D and I still haven't decided if I really wanna go to the basketball game tonight :/ I mean it's Miami University NOT the University of Miami haha but whatever pretty sure the Cats will win :D 
Keels all zombies D: And saves lawn gnomes :D 
Brass buttons on your coat hold the cold in the shape of a heart that they cut out of stone . You're using all your looks that you've thrown from the start , if you let me have my way I swear I'll tear you apart . Cuz it's all you can be , you're a drunk and you're scared , it's ladies night all the girls drink for free . I will lie awake and lie for fun and fake the way I hold you , let you fall for every empty word I say . 
< PROPFIRST > Wall is an unstoppable force of nature ... unless it involves needles haha :D 
Keel all sons a beetches , that's my official instructions . 
So excited for the game tonight !! Let's get 2000 ! 
Kiss me goodbye , I'm defying gravity . 
1st day of classes are always so boring !!! One more \1st class\ " tomorrow then I'll actually get to learn things ! haha " 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has succumbed to zombies . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being overcome by zombies is not something to be ashamed of . Zombies are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this . They have been killed by zombies . 
When you can't leave on time because a certain little man with a tinyface doesn't agree with it ... you sit on the floor in the back of the class with all the other late people ! At least this teacher gave a digital copy of the class notes he's displaying ! :D 
\You should feel special cuz you make my < PROPMALE > hard on a daily basis \"" 
Hey Obama .... You're THE PRESIDENT , not a rock < PROPFEMALE > . 
could really use snuggles right about now . 
Feel like an ass for every time I walked out that door when I didn't necessarily have to . 
Sometimes I'm bold and brash , and sometimes I'm prone to crash ; And sometimes I say too much , and sometimes it's not enough . 
sooo anyone have Google Wave ? It'd be more interesting with friends I think haha :D 
YES !!! Finally done with studying .. well at least looking up all the terms to study for haha ! Now gonna get some dinner and do some more studying maybe watch some of the All < PROPFEMALE > game and then talk to muh cutie :D 
Under the burning sun , I take a look around . Imagine if this all came down . 
Looking into studying abroad ! 
got called House :/ cuz I'm an \asshole and got the limp to go with it now \"" 
WHY is it that the people you want to talk to or be around the most never are ? What is that shit ? 
Well , never really got around to napping but thats ok because it was a beautiful day out ! Played with the puppies did some studying and now gotta go shopping ! I'm super tired too but its too late for napping ! 
Just got off the phone with Tinyface , had a nice conversation . 
So Cousins has been called Shrek , an oxman , peacemaker , a tree , a rebound mahine and finally a man so far this game . Freaking arm span of 7'7\ . " 
You want to know how to tell that it's spring in KY ? The CARDINALS are sitting on the fence watching the CATS play ! Thats how . 
With blood and feathers on my torn paws . You ain't nothing but a dead duck , I ain't nothing but a hound dog . You seep in the windows and vents and I lay in the grass and I lose your scent . If God gave me grace then why aren't I graceful ? My joints are frozen cold , old and idle . 
Waiting for something I'm not even sure I believe in . 
So tired of people lying for the STUPIDEST reasons . 
I'm full of life and ambition but also to a certain extent I feel just uh ...... empty ? 
Oh I can't wait for summer for many reasons ! 
The things you put in your head , they will stay ther forever . 
Last actual class is over at 10:50 then 3 exams next week then summer time ! 
You constantly make it impossible to make conversation , keep us comatose but audible and I like it the farther I get out . We pass it off but it's all on us , only common conversation it took everything I got and I like it the farther I get out . Once said always said , I will hold the past over your head , I'll speak my mind whenever I feel slighted . 
Your eyes tell the stories of a day you wish you could recall the moments that once have retrack the footsteps that brought us to this favor I wouldnt ask this of you . Good eye sniper I shoot you run . The words you scribbled on the walls with the loss of friends you didnt have . Ill call you when the time is right , are you in or are you out for them all to know the end of us all ? Bye bye beautiful dont bother to write 
One more final away from summer ! Officially at 1030pm its summer actually :D 
Goodbye to sleep , I think this staying up is exactly what I need . Take apart your head , take apart the counting and the flock it has bred . Goodbye to love , well it's a ride that will push you up right against the wall . Take apart your head , chew it up and swallow it . You're brought back but you're running , I'll find sleep in the end tonight . I can't shake this little feeling I'll never get anything right . 
Today really sucks :/ 
I talk too much to myself & I turn my back on my faith Its like glass when we break I wish no one in my place & Ive seen you dont need their seeds when the cut goes in deep & Im lost in sleep I cant stay in this place I cant stand when the room turns round on my fate You give no guarantees theres no promise I can keep I cant stand I cant see my way I feel blind on my feet I cant stay too long am I wrong ? 
Why live life from dream to dream and dread the day when dreaming ends ? 
I'm tired of caring , I'm tired of getting hurt , and I'm tired of annoyances . 
Well if we take all these things and we bury them fast and we'll pray that they turn into seeds , to roots and then grass . It'd be all right , it's all right , it'd be easier that way . Or if the sky opened up and started pouring rain like he knew it was time to start things over again it'd be all right , it's all right , it'd be easier that way . 
I hate not being able to sleep because all I hear is my brothers stupid techno no matter how many pillows I put over my head . How can he even listen to hours of that shit ?! 
You know when you get to that point where you're like well fuck that's a huge mistake ? \ 
yeahhhhhh 
Is it in you now to bear to hear the truth that you have spoken ? Twisted up by knaves to make a trap for fools . Is it in you now to watch the things you gave your life to broken ? And stoop and build them up with warn out tools . \ 
Yeah . 
Look around and you'll see at times it feels like no one really cares it gets me down but Im still gonna try to do whats right . I know theres a difference between sleight of hand and giving everything you have , theres a line drawn in the sand Im working up the will to cross it and I hope that I will never let you down , I know that this can be more then just flashing lights and sound . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died and it was a full < PROPFEMALE > cycle , good things just weren't supposed to happen today . 
I need earplugs .... 
That's a terrific metaphor for life , isn't it ? We're all trying to keep our plates spinning in the air , once you get them up there you can't take your eyes off of them and you have to keep chugging along without rest . Except that in life , somebody keeps adding more plates , hiding rods and changing the law of gravity when you're not looking . And so every time you think you have all your plates spinning nicely ... 
I have changed my mind about a lot of things ! 
Disappointed . 
This seems to be happening with a lot of people lately and I don't really get why it is so I just have to say , if you say you're going to do something DO IT ! If not then just don't say it ! It's not that complicated ! 
But as I have noticed on more than one occasion , life itself is unfair , and there is no complaint department , so we might as well accept things the way they happen , clean up the mess , and move on . 
Imagination Movers , you gotta think about it , Imagination Movers , you gotta talk about it , Imagination Movers , you gotta sing about it . I think what this situation needs is some imagination ! 
It is SO not fun to be outside today , it is hot and disgustingly muggy out with no kind of breeze . I hear thunder and see the storm coming though ! Gotta let < PROPMALE > enjoy a little bit of time outside today ! 
And now it's raining ... 
Ugh :( nothing ever goes right 
Every time I close my eyes .... 
Fate fell short this time , your smile fades in the summer . Place your hand in mine , I'll leave when I wanna . 
I'm so tired of thinking , especially about pointless things that almost always never change . Grrrrrrrrr >:[ 
I wanna stay up and watch this marathon of Community because it's one of my new favorites now after watching a few episodes but I'm sooo tired ! I hope it's on Netflix or something 
She whispers in his ear \Don't hurt me 
You say I only hear what I want to you say I talks all the time so I thought what I felt was simple & I thought that I dont belong & now that I am leaving I know that I did something wrong cuz I missed you yeah I missed you & you say I only hear what I want to I dont listen hard I dont pay attention to the distance that youre running or to anyone anywhere I dont understand if you really care Im only hearing negative 
Glad I got to watch the Allstar game but it still didn't really make me feel any better . 
Can't sleep , feeling a little half empty and sickened . 
You can lie awake in bed waiting for something but nothing will ever come of it but lack of sleep and faith . 
Jaquavis 5000 Gahetto Edition . 
Arizona shouldnt of had to pass an immigration law in the 1st place it should have been a given why the fuck do people want & are ok with people living here illegally ? Fucking morons basically saying \Hey lets let these criminals stay here & ruin our economy ! \ " Plus the Arizona desert where theyre crossing over is fucking disgusting I hate retarded people & Arizona is awesome Kthxbai " 
Dear Obama , you're not < PROPFIRST > Hood and you're not going to fix the economy by trying to be . Oh and you're a Magoo . And all you other retards BP didn't intentionally cause the oil spill shit happens theyre taking care of it & theyre paying damages you greedy assholes . So quick to give money to Haiti and other countries but where were all the benefits and funds for the Gulf ? And again SB 1070 is the best thing ever . 
YESH ! What I Like About You marathon ! 
You say that I'm a dreamer , I say you're a non-believer . 
\Hell is other people\ " - Jean-Paul Sartre " 
Eminems voice just may be more annoying then the same snare and bass progression he uses in all his songs , then to make it even more annoying lets add Rihannas shitty autotuned to hell voice . I hate this shit on the radio these days , makes me miss the 90s 
Apparently what I'm looking for doesn't exsist . 
People aren't always who you think they are but they most definitely are never who you want them to be . 
I waited for you yesterday , I waited and missed the last train , I waited to say that I'd fallen in love with your way . I waited for you yesterday , eventually walked home in the rain , I waited to see if you felt the same for me . But you don't and you won't cause you don't , just admit it . Cause you won't , just admit it . 
Last night they said the fire had spread And we said our prayers And now the flames are burning me in my bed , But I just don't care We all go to sleep in the same place And in the morning hope that we're all the sameJust sit around like broke down cars in the lot Waiting for repairs\ 
There you go There it goes . 
At the 50 Yard Line dinner !! 
Eating lunch at DeShea's in the airport then off to Texas !!! 
Time to go back home :/ 
Picking up tinyface from the airport ! Sad his missed the game last night because it was a good one but I had fun with my twinny !! 
Manning vs . Manning :D 
Trees will make a < PROPMALE > , trees will make a bow , these are all the harder words you have to know . If everyones a structure where their own savior sits , I'm a little red house that no ones living in . 
Two Keys tonight with < PROPFIRST > ! 
So I was reading one last chapter of a book before bed , it was only slightly eventful with a few series drawn out details , well then the main character got kidnapped and I stayed up wayyyyy later then I wanted to because I couldn't put it down . :( 
She likes it big and juicy with extra sauce .... Iknoimdoinitrite :P 
If you ever break your hand , don't try changing the bed sheets ..... Just sayin ... 
Are you ready for some fucking football ?!?! 
I'm realistic and narcissistic , you say I'm selfish and absurd . 
We beat the FUCK out of those cocks tonight , SUCK IT SPURRIER !!!!! 
Shit on Community is about to get realer than that time travelling lady ! Lol :) 
I got a new number ! If you want it let me know ! 
So I think Trick Or Treating is about to suck because < PROPMALE > fell asleep waiting on his dad to get here .... I didn't realize Lexington is now running on Central time . What a jerk . 
Skipping class to vote :) 
You meet that one person and your life has changed forever . 
Feeling a bit miserable ! Grrr >:[ 
I guess I need to get into the habit of not being able to sleep : / 
I spoke the words but never gave a thought to what they all could mean . 
My mates are all there trying to calm me down cuz Im shouting your name all over town Im swearing if I go there now I can change your mind turn it all around . 
I wanted words but all I heard was nothing . 
Cuz if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me and your heart starts to wonder where on this earth I could be . Thinking maybe you'll come back here to the place that we'd meet and you see me waiting for you on the corner of the street . So I'm not moving . 
Hmmm I need to hurry up and renew my passport and then go to England and get The Scripts new CD cuz I don't wanna wait till fucking nearly February for it to release here . 
You say you wrong you wrong Im right Im right youre wrong we fight Ok Im running from the light running from the day to night the quiet silence defines our misery The riot inside keeps trying to visit me No matter how we try its too much history Too many bad notes playing in our symphony So let it breathe let it fly let it go Let it fall let it crash burn slow And then you call upon God Oh you call upon God . 
Snuggled up with < PROPMALE > and watching Wall-E :) Flannel sheets , down comforter , and < PROPMALE > are the best things ever . 
The past is the biggest indication of the future , unfortunately . 
Yay this will be the best sleep night I've had in a long time ! I wish I were next to you though , its my favorite place to be and I miss it tons :/ 
:( 
< PROPFIRST > :D 
Times like these really make you agree with the questioning of , \Am I better off dead ? Am I better off a quitter ? \"" 
Two thousand and ten is almost over ... if you're brave , post this as your status and see what you get ! \ 
POKE ME- If you ever had a crush on me . \ 
LIKE THIS- If you think I'm a good friend\ 
... INBOX-If you've ever wanted to date me\ 
...... COMMENT- If we have good memories . 
So fucking tired of this feeling and its new surprises , they're just lame and suck . 
No warning sign , no alibi , we'd faded faster then the speed of light . Took our < PROPMALE > , crashed and burned . No we'll never ever learn . And I fell apart , but got back up again . We both could see < PROPFEMALE > clear that the inevitable end was near . Made our choice , a trial by fire , to battle is the only way we feel alive . 
Snuggling with < PROPMALE > watching The Grinch , tree lit like the Griswolds and even though I know what I want for Christmas isn't coming at least I have all this :) 
Why is it when you want to hate someone that hurt you really bad you just can't bring yourself to really wanting nothing to do with them ? And it always just makes you want to talk to them , even if just to say hi , so much more ? All I know is that I don't care if it's just for a minute , day , week , I just would do anything to see you and be held by you again . Here's to it all at the inevitable end . 
I just want to go back a few years and change a few things . 
I want a friend like < PROPMALE > Stinson lol 
I want a guy that's not such a coward . 
Can't sleep ugh 
Soooo tired ! I'm looking forward to nap time :) 
Show your support for Arizona and its backbone for standing up in defense against illegal immigration ! The federal government supports amnesty at the expense of our already failing economy for the sake of a hispanic vote ! Politically incorrect but you know it's true ! \ 
ArizonaStrong - One Million Americans Who Will Stand Up For Arizona\ 
http://www.facebook.com/ArizonaStrong?refid=0 
Playing Black Ops with my cousin < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Yay my case finally came and its oh so pretty ! 
I hope it doesn't snow a ton more tonight and make things shitty for the first day back to classes tomorrow ! I'm excited to get back to a schedule but still just feel kinda ugh :/ But for now its snuggle time with the monster :) 
He got everything he wants and now won't even say goodbye . 
Calm down kids , your Zodiac is 1st off silly and 2nd bad reporters are BAD . \ 
\ 
http://news.blogs.cnn.com/2011/01/13/no-your-zodiac-sign-hasnt-changed/\ 
Enjoy . 
He kept at true good humour's < PROPFIRST > the social flow of pleasure's tide . He never made a brow look dark , nor caused a tear , but when he died . Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > , you were an amazing person . 
I'm realistic and narcissistic ; you say I'm selfish and absurd . You try to change me , you try to save me ; you say I'm gonna learn . I'm so blind , I'm out of time , you're so unkind sometimes . I never lied , I never lied , I never lied .... 
In the end there are three things that last : faith , hope and love ; and the greatest of these is love . 
Like my status & I'll tell you .. \ 
1 ) How we met\ 
2 ) A confession\ 
3 ) First impression\ 
4 ) What I like\ 
5 ) My opinion\ 
6 ) A memory\ 
7 ) Something random\ 
1 2 3 GO !! 
I tried pushing evolution as the obvious conclusion of the start but it was for my own amusement saying love was an illusion of a hopeless heart . Of all of the things that he's ever said he goes and says something that knocks me dead , \You won't find faith or hope down a telescope . You won't find heart and soul in the stars . You can break everything down to chemicals but you can't explain love . \"" 
I can't even see the road and theres classes today . Good job with that 2 hour delay when the roads are still ice . 
< PROPMALE > won't give up the bottle for anything .... except the entire gallon of milk haha he just went and got it and started for bed saying , \Night night mama\ " lol " 
Oh I wanted words but all I heard was nothing ... I got nothing . Oh sometimes loves intoxicating . Oh you're coming down your hands are shaking when you realize theres no one waiting . 
Wow the Obama administration is really wasting time to make shirts of dumb shit he said during the State of The Union address . I want a president thats concerned with doing his job and not his popularity . What a joke . 
< PROPMALE > got his pre-school acceptance letter today ! 
Feminists ruined all the good shit women had going for them , feminists also killed the gentlemen . Fuck you feminists , you suck . 
Lol cuz of one lazy dirty person throwing a bag in a ditch near Texas Stadium they call out the bomb squad who indeed verified it was just trash lol 
Mystery Science Theater 3000 on Netflix ! Yay lol 
Today was great till it started raining on my run :/ 
What's on my mind is I'm sick of it and done , yup that's about it . 
http://m.wired.com/threatlevel/2011/01/kill-switch-legislation/\ 
Oh noes 
Its soooooo cold ! 
Oh and liars are so entertaining , PZ . 
What you want never agrees with what you need and all you're left with is a choice you don't want to make . Yet it matters not how strait the gate , how charged with punishments the scroll . I am the master of my fate : I am the captain of my soul . 
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most . 
I hate Lexus loaner cars . So much . 
Today will be good , hit 100mph before 9am and parked in 2 spots so no one would get near my car ! Lol yes ! 
LOL it got better , dude on a scooter tried cutting across grass instead of going like 500ft to the exit of the parking lot lol he ate dirt 
Napping at the arboretum until its < PROPMALE > time ! 
Parent/Toddler class is soooo exhausting . Now 2 hours of my classes : l 
Funniest part of Chapelle's Show is the performers at the end rappers are so ridiculous when performing you have the main guy then 1-10 other guys you have NO FUCKING CLUE who they are but they have a mic and really make just any noise they want . Oh and in the background theres either bitches dancing or cars Cocaine is a hell of a drug heh heh heh heh lol love < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > for that 
What a game to win on the road lol 
Sometimes we don't learn from our mistakes , sometimes we've no choice but to walk away , away . Tried to break my heart , well it's broke . Tried to < PROPFEMALE > me high , well I'm choked . Wanted rain on me , well I'm soaked , soaked to the skin . It's the end where I begin . 
LOL @ procrastination 
So let's say you live in Hawaii , you got 10 minutes before you get hit by a Tsunami ... what do you do ? 
Sitting outside Applebees listening to the game ! Couldn't even see the score in there and < PROPMALE > wanted to go outside anyways ! Ooooh man . 
Did you ever believe ? Were you ever a dreamer ? Ever imagine heart open and free ? Did you ever deny ? Were you ever a traitor ? Ever in love with your bloodless disease ? Ever want to be free ? Do you even remember ? Want to be god and devil like me ? Ever want to just stop ? Do you want to surrender ? Or fight for victory ? 
I remember the best night ever and smile and get that feeling all over again when you mention it :] 
Dat hail ! 
Fake or Fact : Paranormal Files is like my new favorite show !!! 
So my math teacher is so excited that not only did he dress entirely in blue but he just gave a 2 question quiz and told us to leave lol but now I'm bored for an hour till English :( 
Where are all the UK fans ? All I see behind the bench is NC fans ... booooooooooo 
ADSFJASLKDJFLAKJD OH SHIT FUCKING LOVE KY 
OH AND EAT SHIT OHIO ST . 
