had the best new years < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > r 

fuck 
hates his life right now 
feeling a bit better 
BIG MUFF 
going home i dont have a phone stop by if you wana chill 
work til 10 
work til 10:00 
hates this 
tired hungry and bored 
bored 
cant handle this shit 
thinking about moveing out soon and dosent want to get fired 
about to box still worried about getting fired 
chillin at stanleys 
Movin in to his house to day !!! 
goin to bed 
dosent want to work 
menthol cigarettes and hawwaian punch 
is off today 
my laptop died =( epic fail + school starts soon i have to wake up at 8 but i will still be working till 4am another epic fail 
metal mayhem see ya there 
metal mayhem was epic killswitch anf Manson by far the best 
is dreading school starting 
new number 364 7227 
changeing my < PROPMALE > pre law is way too brutal 
another day of school done now time to close tommrow 
had a fucked up dream 
dosent want to close 
should be doing homework 
time for bed schools gonna be balls 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . 
tired 
I want my financial aid to go through so i dont have to drop this semester 
Fuck Homework 
learning new songs 
BAHHHH MY IPOD RANDOMLY DELETED ALL OF ITS SONGS 
party friday night message me for details 
great party last night 
had a long night 
so apperently im not getting my 600 deposit back from my old apartment i was really counting on that . and i owe them money somehow ..... fuck my life 
is home 
just washed like 200 dishes 
home and tired 
time for bed 
listen to check my brain 
dosent want to do home work 
tired and gonna be late 
about to take a test 
getting new pickups put in the sg 
anyone wana < PROPFEMALE > out 
fuck you recording software 
ate too much pizza 
regrets not makeing it to < PROPFEMALE > 
sick 
according to web md may have h1n1 
is feeling alot better 
who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out tonight ? 
might be getting a tattoo tommrow 
needs help 
tired and dont want to close 
slaps the bass 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > motha fuckas 
off to school with very little sleep 
needs some fuckin sleep 
needs a change 
hates money 
clutch tore it up nigga kick ass night 
gonna go try and sleep 
could use a foreward step 
sick of standing still 
is porud that an american won the nobel peace prize and you should be too . regurdless of your political views so lets all be mature for once and Congratulate the president 
back from TEXAS 
fuckin pissed off 
isent going to school aperantly 
is sick of relationship bs 
off work 
phone got cut off 
cheap beer and hard music 
is extending an open invatation to come drink chep beer right now resond if your intrested 
U2 was honestly the best show ive seen 
just killed a giant spider 
out of class nothing to do til thursday woo hoo 
working on quiting smokeing ive cut back to less than half the rate i was at so with some sucess so far 
big party over here respond for details all are invited 
fuck this 
pulling an all nighter !!!! 
has gone a week without a cigarette 
pumped for mastodon 
Yager !!! ~ !! 
wants to do something 
everyday is exactly the same . 
fuck !!!! 
class canceled 
Awesome day so far 
needs a phone 
i feel like shit and i dont know what to fucking do 
jamin out to the canadian power trio 
playing guitar but really needs to be doing a big paper .. fuck you procrastination 
just wrote a 4 < PROPFEMALE > paper single spaced in 2 hours 
is about to clean his nasty house 
got a phone finally 
doing homework 
has a cock made of platinum 
should not have stayed loged in 
g3 ! 
another beer ! 
nap 
closeing tonight 
just learned one of my fav songs ive had alot of trouble learning in the past 
hungry 
Today the music world lost two greats RIP Dimebag and Lennon 
has 3,500 dollers 
got a < PROPFIRST > half stack 
PITA PITT !!!!!!! 
practiceing guitar 
likes the snow 
best christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > r 
is home ! 
old bread sticks 
whats goin on facebook 
PARTY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
No more partys 
I CANT FIND MY CAR KEYS 
tired and bored 
slept all day 
whats up facebook 
school today finally i start hardcore political classes !!!!!! 
got an A on my first essay fot state and local govt\ " , 201 0-0 1-26 23:16:34 " 
likes him some judas priest 
is stoked that the sword is playing in < PROPFIRST > !! 
Is interviewing < PROPFIRST > Rice tomorrow 
had an inerview at the capitol and played alot of baseball today 
finally finished his essay 
school was closed due to a possible shoting 
FUCK ! 
Clapton rocked last night 
Tonight we witnessed a huge victory for the american people 
Free chiptloe makes for a good day 
got a cat that is a master of hideing 
really sick 
Waiting for Him 
Man Iam tired of being sick 
Only one more paper left this semester 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio 
has a clean house for once 
Clutch ! 
Tattoo tommrow !!! 
Tonight we celebrated the birth of our great nation with explosives and booze .... awesome 
Whats up facebook 
Chicago in t-minius 4 days 
Fuck you dmv bring it on 
can now legally drive . 
Well its official i was fired for no reason and nothing is going to get done about it 
Maylene tommrow Chicago tuesday 
Chillin in Chicago 
Chicago was the coolest place i have ever been to and i cant wait to move there . 
Muslims have every right to build the mosque near ground zero come on people that right is pretty clear its only in the first amendment of our Constitution 
Loves working at Goodwill 
Has no electricity 
Has power once agian now no one will stop me bah hahaha 
So much homework so little time 
13 hours of tattoo work will kill your arm 
off to school 
Got a job student teaching next semester . 
Allright eight < PROPFEMALE > paper on political participation and voter turnout bring it on !!! 
4 of 8 pages done time for some sleep 
Alright 4 more pages on voter turnout and political participation and then 3 on affirmative \ 
action ... its gonna be a long night . 
papers are done maybe i can finally get some sleep 
After 12 hours at school i am finally home 
Time for sleep 
Alright same-sex marriage paper bring it on 
Time to study 
Is ready for fall break 
sleep 
PANDA GARDEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Going to study at the tattoo shop 
Locked my keys in my car in okc fml 
Destroyed my debate today lets hope i can do that on my midterm tommrow 
BAh my car broke down on the way to school !!! 
half off at goodwill tonight between 11 and midnight 
I really wish i could sleep all day 
Will be watching the election results with the Askins campaign 
Met Jari Askins and < PROPMALE > Coyne tonight !!! 
Will be in < PROPFEMALE > early tomorrow morning someone should hit me up for breakfast 
Has been burning in water and drowning in flame 
An hour in the er and a blowout at 70mph makes for a goodnight 
Has way too many papers to write 
Epic couple of days three thanksgiving dinners , the Expendables drinking with good friends and almost getting robed by a crazy homeless guy at the capitol 
Disregard my last status my brother is an asshole 
Bah i have too much homework !!!! 
Just destroyed a three < PROPFEMALE > essay in 45 minutes 
Get Him To The Greek is awesome 
Man i wish i dint have any homework 
Fuck it im just gonna play guitar instead 
The american health care system is barbaric just had a horrible experence and it made me lose a lot of faith in my country 
Stressing over my law final . 
Man i love me some caffine 
Playin dem blues 
One more class left 
Two more essays and one more test 
Just finished my hardest and favorite semester so far . 
Good Weekend 
Got a B on my Law final !! 
dog sitting 
Go watch the eclipse 
2 A's and 3 B's , not bad 
Man I am bored 
New tattoo today 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > already ? 
Christmas cheer and Christmas beer 
Cleaning my House 
Man I really hate 8am classes 
Just slept for 10 hours now i need to find something to do 
Another crazy day 
3 bucks for gas ! man I need a car that gets better gas mileage 
T < PROPFEMALE > 
Time for the diner 
Another boring day in paradise 
$650 for books !! thank God for pell grants 
i really hate being broke 
This is going to be a good semester 
Just read for three hours 
Scope homework 
snowpocalypse now 
5 < PROPFEMALE > analysis paper done 
Holy crap it snowed !!!! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > goes well with homework 
Wish I could be in < PROPFEMALE > WI 
So much scope homework 
My roommates are dicks 
Got a job making 15 bucks an hour working for a campaign . Very exciting . 
Bad day .. 
I am about to pull an all nighter doing scope homework ... awesome . 
Ebsco host rules 
