Are people really this stupid . 

Made it back from the airport . Thank goodness I took < PROPFEMALE > with me . I wouldn't have made it back . 
Where is there a mechanical bull in Omaha ? 
Sooooo don't want to be at work ! 
Wondering if I can make it 2 more weeks without taking a PTO day .... It would be nice to 5 extra days off in Demeber . 
OMGosh .... so board at work today . 
One who is born with an inate ability to be anyones best friend and in some rare cases , an even worse enemy . < PROPFIRST>'s are usually very sexy , have a model swager , and enjoy the finer things in life . A hidden talent all < PROPFIRST>'s share is the ability to soak in knowledge , and use it for the greater good , like ability to do great hair and make up ! 
Holy Crap ... My husband told me that I could go on a road trip to see Daughtry without him .... Life is good ! 
Today's game - MIDDLE NAME ONLY ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' middle names are . Copy and paste this onto your profile , then put your middle name at the end of this sentence .... Michelle 
girls night out ! 
yay ! this is my Friday ! 
Off to a fun filled day at DeSoto with my daughter 5th grade class ! 
Went on a long wonderful walk with my daughter around the lake ..... now I really and really want to go water skiing ! 
really wishing I had cable instead of satellite right now . 
My vacation has officially startedm Off the next 10 days ! 
Excited for the Lakeland fireworks tonight . 
Kids , lake and beverages ... what could be any better ? 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes ! 
So tell me what kinda of \work function\ " involves going to a strip bar ????? " 
ATTENTION !!!!! Do not join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " It is a group of Pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on FoxNews at 5 . Please copy and post !!! Let's keep our children safe .. if you already clicked like remove immediatley " 
Looking forward to Friday and 7 teenagers at Scary Acres ! 
Finally got my flight info to go to Kentucky next week for work . I am really going to miss my kids ! 
To all u shit heads who think it is funny to give me shit about flying ... I will haunt u if something happens ! 
made it to Kentucky . There is absolutly nothing that I have missed out on not flying . So to my dear friend Melissa ... U were wrong ! I will stick to my words- if I can't drive there then I don't need to go because if God wanted me to fly he would have given me wings ! 
It is only \ 
9 and already ? 
whoooohooo ! Off work till next Thursday ! 
My kids are amazing ! 
Had one one of the best times with MJ and my husband at a bar in Bennington ! Who would of thought ? 
WTH ??? The snow needs to stop ! 
Oh the good Lord is really testing now ! Please help me ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . 
Yum , Granite City ! 
Just got back from the doctors and my baby girl has mono . Boooohoooo :( 
I love that kid < PROPFIRST > Henson . He is driving over here just to bring Toy Story 3 over so my sick baby can watch it and give me a break ! He is the best ever ! 
tear , tear . 
The Bachelor is a dumbass . Seriously , guys for this crap ?? 
very excited to have to day all to myself ! 
Thank u Beebe Heating and AC for fixing the heat in my house the same day we called . Maybe I can sleep tonight knowing my house is not going to burn down ! 
At the \Loose Moose\ " ! LMAO . " 
