i want to go to < PROPFEMALE > mountain 

is obcessed with the song monster by skillet . 
will never get sick of listening to my chemical romance 
when im by your side i feel like superman . when im by your side i feel weak because your my cryptonite , so i pull you closer beside me 
thanks to whom ever fertalized my farm on farmville 
Life is as good as you make it 
Hey everyone i made a form spring so you must all follow me now , you all have no choice wha ha ha my username is Elite621 :) 
slowly dying from music withdrawl damn you apple and your stupid updates !!! 
MY IPOD , ITS ALIVE !!!!!!!! again 
im working 31 hours so far this break maybe even more yay !! and i get to also work at the new publix im so excited ... not !!! 
When i went to I Hop yesturday i saw a mother , father and their baby come into the restaurant and the first thing they did when they sat down was to pull out a portable dvd player for the baby . Im personnaly nominating them for parents of the year for being total idiots . 
i feel like my life is falling apart by the seams and im ready to fall into its cold embrace . 
The funniest thing just happened , my sister was kissing her cats head and when she turned around to leave my cat bit her ass lmao . 
So bored !!! Someone please distract me !! 
feels like an on going war is going on within me and both sides claim pieces of land through battle but loss it shortly after 
apparently we are becoming more selfish by our news feed comments being centered around us lol 
I just won in a staring contest with my cat , I rule !! 
i gots me a new computer yay !!! 
i can't get enough of watching < PROPFEMALE > of the Damned !! 
too many birthday comments lol thanks yall !!! 
Some of my regrets are turing into thank God i didnt do that lol 
Where my Libertarians at !!!?? 
i wonder why i feel so different now that school is over for me for this brief flash in my life . 
I LOVE FLYLEAF NOW LOL , I WENT FROM SLIPKNOT TO MAROON 5 TO LADY GA GA BACK TO SLIPKNOT THEN TO SOUNDTRACKS FROM < PROPFEMALE > OF THE DAMNED TO FINALLY FLY LEAF . I LIKE WRITING IN CAPS WHEN IM EXCITED ;P 
The song missing by flyleaf rocks , but it's a little emo , the video is very unique so check it out ; i forgot to include this in my comment since i was so excited 
If a guy tells his friend that is a girl that he likes her ; would it be awkward for awhile or would she find it cute ? i hate awkwardness but i hate being alone even more not to sound winey or anything , i just was wondering . 
why do i torture myself by liking certain women who arent single , i believe myself to be an amastics or unconciosly selfish by doing so and i wish that this never happened to me , i would like to banish these feelings till they are single but o well 
i just got back from the gym and i feel pumped yay !!! lol 
< PROPFIRST > pattinson and < PROPFEMALE > stewert need to stop winning awards for something they are supposedly good at doing 
just got back from FGCU and made some cool friends 
why do you betraye me mind , i shall stab you with a plastic spork !!! 
im leaving for FGCU next friday i'll shall miss you all till i get back in 6 weeks and then i'll miss you again after my three weeks of break are up and i go back for fall term 
IM LEAVING TOMORROW FOR COLLEGE , CRUEL TORTURE !! LOL 
im finally at fgcu 
going to work in an hour blah 
DAMN YOU COLLEGE AND ALL OF YOUR WORK I SHALL BURN YOU IN THE DEPTHS OF HELL WHA HA HA jk im really tired from all of the work 
my life just got ten times easier in my math coarse thank the lord !!! 
went to the gym for the third time this week woot , im going to come back to < PROPFEMALE > springs as a tank lol or maybe just a humvy 
im never going to sleep again , i think my hearing is getting sharper because i can hear vibrations in the wall now ... great !!! why couldn't i been born deaf . 
got back from sarasota and had an awesome time with my uncle and his family at the baseball game , it was one long ass game though 
i wish i had so much energy that i could participate in the sport of bear blasting , sadly i cant because im drinking only mountain dew voltage and it isnt made of real lightning but a form of artificial lightning that zaps my taste buds unlike powerthirst that is made of REAL LIGHTNING !! that shocks my whole nervous system into attention 
went to the gym and still pissed . This is nuckin futs 
back in < PROPFEMALE > springs yay 
theres a movie called piranhas , it looks like one of the worst movies in the world . best yet its in 3d , so we can hate the movie even more 
feels like im missing a piece of myself . damn my mind , its a couple pieces too short of a complete puzzle 
i was carded today at gamestop to buy a game lol wtf 
loves his sunday morning cartoons . 
just cleaned his dorm kitchen and sink , i should just change my name to vanseala 
aahhh sudden sickness , this sucks . 
I'm going to break my computer soon because i can't find a < PROPFEMALE > organism that uses specific currents in its life . Does anyone know any specific fish that i can use in my paper ? 
i finally finished my < PROPFEMALE > systems paper yay !! 
I be in Tallahassee chillen with my \crew \"= cool family " 
i stabbed Jesus with a machete last night lol 
registering for classes at FGCU sucks !!! 
damn smokers , they are so annoying . standing outside my window at 12 at night , don't they have anything better to do than in hail cancer 
those of you who are gamers and who have played the new assassins game . it would be interesting if the Spartans and Assassins battle it out on Deadliest Warrior . 
yesterday was the first day that I've consumed turkey stuffing OMG !!! it was yummy in my tummy . 
back in fort myers yay !! 
I'm scared , its so cold out because billions of ghosts are walking about the earth !! 
i found out good old Saint < PROPMALE > is the patron saint of prostitutes lol 
In Jacksonville with my family and relatives 
in fort myers yay 
really uncertain about life right now blahh !! LIFE STOP BEING SO COMPLICATED !!! lol 
apparently i can't flirt for my life according to a friend . Now i feel like \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > from 40 year old virgin . lol 
You might be a nerd when someone responds and says wow and you think they mean World of Warcraft 
damn you precalculus 
apparently all Greek fraternity and sorority members are going to hell according to the crazy christian on campus 
i believe my manly points are going down because i listen and enjoy the song jar of hearts :( lol . 
a frog is creeping on my window , how the hell does it go through a grate ? 
is anyone free on campus to eat dinner with me tonight around 7 
i finished my visual and performing arts paper yay !!! 
some roommates , they can't learn to not touch your shit . like my wash cloth , gross get your own wash cloths . if you donate dimes to the don't touch my shit foundation . i can create a stack of dimes , and if you knock it over , I'll know your touching my shit . So don't touch my shit or use my shit unless i say so . 
Who wants to have the honor of eating with me for dinner around 7 lol 
I'm one oddly shaped puzzle piece of a man lol 
who's up for some dinner at sovi ? 
