had a nice relax day today after a fun new year < PROPFEMALE > . Hoping the next few days will be the same . 

freaking out , stressing out , soon to blow up at people who are being stupid . what's a girl to do ????? 
hmmm test of all tests ... More for me then I think for my daughter ... long trip ahead to the cabin .. who will win the 2 year old screaming in my ear the whole time or my high hopes that everything will go well . I guess will see . 
I am so thankful for the higher people who can get things done my daughter is saved and blessed who hoo .... Now can get the meds to keep her on the right path .. thanks to the support and help of family and friends and of course the higher people . 
Way Excited ... I think I found what I want to go to school for checking out the < PROPMALE > Instutitue on Wed . Can't wait . 
Looking forward and ahead .. Will not be looking back ... Going to take the steps I need in life to make it to the next jump ... I can't get anywhere is life just waiting for it got to jump high for it even if I land hard a couple of times along the way . 
I am so excited about October I can't wait to see my son it needs to come faster ..... :) 
I think I need to stop being manic cause if I don't I might just really have to go crazy no sleep and a daughter will do that ... 
Hmmm I think I might be a little bored tonight .. what kind of trouble can I stir up .. 
I love rain but not in favor of such a cold front right now .. come in another month and I will deal with you then . 
I am so nervous today but really excited . I get to see my son today . I hope everything goes really well wish me luck . 
I had a great day and feeling great and there is more to come . 
can't wait till the Tantric Concert tonight going to have so much fun .. 
Excited for a night off and a fun girls night .. 
this day right now is either going to break me or change me can I do what I need to do to make me feel better and to keep my daughter going without seconhand smoke 1st day for quitting smoking wish me luck here I go . 1 .... 2 .... 3 .... jumping away from what makes me sane everyday my very bad habit . 
I am finally tired woo hoo I might get a full night sleep tonight we can only hope then my insomnia will not change its mind . 
My daughter is driving me crazy today .. Can I not be mom today .. 
Still unsure of where I want to go to school and if I can do this . I know what I want to be I just can't seem to find the right place where I am like lets do this I have the knot in my stomach saying nope not right yet when can it be like yes lets do this . 
Feeling like I am stuck in the middle and 2 people are pulling me from side to side and I can't seem to move any which way without getting pulled back . 
I need to win money feel totally broke . Wondering how I am going to get through the next few more months 
Yay !! I was on top of cleaning today got a lot done . 
HAPPY HALOWEEN !!! BE CAREFUL TONIGHT :) GOOD HAUNTINGS ... 
I think I need a break .. need to get out of the house tonight and drink coffee . 
Thank Goodness this day is over ... Can't wait for another day to come so it can maybe go better . 
YAY !!! FOR COFFEE !!! can't live without it it seems to save my life and moods everyday . 
I am getting really tired of pleasing the CF clinic and getting really sick of looking for daycare's that only have 2 to 3 kids in it AHHHH this is not working . 
Feel very tired and drained today need to wake up and get energy . 
why can't terrible two's be called terrific two's it would so help my days and nights like this where I have to keep reminding myself not to go insane ............... 
wishing I could go on a trip to think and relax and be stress free for a little bit . This day has took a curve ball and brought some bad news that puts my life on hold again . Hoping that maybe something will go right soon but so far does not look like it . 
Ok so I think I have discovered the root of the my problem that put my life on hold and now going forward again in a good speed now back to being happy go lucky me . very excited :) 
I think tonight is going to be my good night to relax in a warm blanket and read my book and drink hot chocolate . mmmm can't wait !!!! 
YAY for friday night .. Get to go out , will be going to coffee tonight anyone want to join me could use some company and good conversations ? 
so much hard work seems to be slipping down the drain as my daughter won't eat and seems to be getting sick , looks like I have to see how the weekend goes or it might be back up to the CF clinic on monday to see what happens then . 
I need to get some sleep but my eyes won't seem to stay shut ahhhh another night of no sleep woo hoo . Hello miss grouchy in the morning .. 
the best remedy for having sleepless nights and feeling drained is to just laugh . 
really wish I could think of a few things to do with my overly active daughter . wish I could take her out but can't , wish I could have her play with someone but that will not happen so what do I do for an overly active 2 year old who won't even sit for more then 5 < PROPFEMALE > ???? 
How many wrongs can you make in life before you get it right ? Is it worth the < PROPMALE > and risk or is it just best to walk away and never look that way again . Should the test be easy or hard what direction do you look too when your mind and heart are confused as well should the test even be there or is that my answer is there should be no test and I am looking at everything all wrong ???? 
I am thanking all my family and friends for giving great advice and taking time to talk to me I am glad you are all in my life . 
I just lost the game again .... 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . I hope everyones day goes well and is happy . 
Is having a good week overall and hopefully will be having a great night ... 
So I feel even more confused then ever . I really need to relax and get sleep but that won't happen and I really want to figure out where my life is going and how to get there cause that is also not helping one bit I just don't want to deal with this anymore feeling like everything is going against me and I am so about to give up . 
Yay for the ups and downs of sick children hoping it will get better soon .. today is going a little bit better just hoping Shaney does not drop like she usually does I really don't want a clean out this year . 
Totally just got beat up by a 2 year old sometimes I just wish I could take away everything away and live peacfully but that would just cause more fits what is a girl to do . 
feeling a little down and confused today I think I need to get out of the house and do something tonight that might help . 
But I like a cookie ........ 
wish me luck on doctors appointments for shaney today she is sick and now I have a list of things to remember to make sure nothing has changed or were in for a 2 week clean out I hate this part of the year . 
I love when I get so many little kids songs stuck in my head from Shaney's shows I think its great and people think I am crazy for it as I am singing it all day . 
I dislike being sick and having to take care of your sick child with it I just want to sleep all day and that won't happen and this stupid cold weather needs to go away bring back my sun please . 
I have decided I am not a big fan of snow I like how it looks around the right time , but I hate driving in it I hate that fact its so cold I hate the fact that my daughter can't go outside at all because of it I think I am eventually going to move to warmer state .... 
has finally got some energy and now ready to get back on track . 
I have decided that I am not liking the medicine Shaney is on 7 more days of my little girl not wanting to sleep and being hyper and awake all the time AHHHH going to go insane need sleep ....... 
very excited tonight get to go out and see a movie with friends have not been to a movie in forever . YAY 
You know when your lovely friends and family says your going to have trouble with you daughter when she gets older lol .. So today I asked my 2 year old daughter will you be nice to mommy when you turn 13 she says yes so then I asked her one more will you be nice to mommy when you are 16 she says ya ya I guess I laughed so hard cause of course I can't get a second yes but it was cute . lol 
I feel like I am losing my mind and I can't seem to find it anywhere . 
Feeling very blank lately don't know what I am doing anymore . I really hate the winter months not just because its cold and dreary all the time but beacuse I have to deal with Shaney sick all the time and new medicines I have to remember constantly I feel like I have to be super mom and don't know how to be . 
YAY !!! worked out a schedule that works with everyone including with all my daughters treatments now I get to go to the < PROPMALE > bliss Concert with my best friend very excited ..... :) 
Very excited about tonight ... < PROPMALE > Bliss concert here I come yay for a fun night out with friends . 
Is looking forward to Christmas as I get to watch Shaney have so much fun ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . 
spring cleaning coming early YAY !! get rid of the old toys that make a mess everywhere and make room for so much more woo hoo ... 
Happy new year everyone , drive safe tonight for whoever is going out ... 
My 2 year old says the cutest things ever ... her first cute thing is Get the hellaphone , hello phone . The other cutest thing ever was she put stuff on the table today and it decided to fall off well the first thing out of her mouth was OH MY COOKIE !! it was so cute and very funny . 
Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting 
You gain strength , courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face . You are able to say to yourself , \I lived through this horror . I can take the next thing that comes along . \ " . . . You must do the thing you think you cannot do . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Feeling very broken today with hurt emotions put into it . I don't see how hurting others to gain power helps anyone . I feel like I am a constant battle and to win means to just step down and to cry when really the only way is to step forward and look ahead and move that way but I think it would just be easier to cry and crawl back into not talking to anyone . 
If you're being chased by a police dog , try not to go through a tunnel , then on to a little seesaw , then jump through a hoop of fire . They're trained for that ! 
Had great news from the CF clinic today was really suprised and very happy all at the same time . Shaney is doing great and well on the way for another good year YAY !!!! 
Feeling like every direction I turn to its another stupid dead end . Once I get to a good spot I have to turn around and look the other way to fix a new problem this is getting so pointless . I want to move the way I want to but can't ever seem to get there without having to deal with so much more on my plate just give me a break please can I not seem to do anything right for myself or is this how it will always be ??? 
Got all dressed up make up and everything and no where to go but at least I feel better . :-) 
2 year olds with no naps is no fun . Can I please get put on time out to my room for the rest of the night ? 
I am looking for Donations from family and friends and any business if you know you want to or can or know anyone the website is . http://www.cff.org/Great_Strides/AubreyGabbott6620 
Had a really rough night with Shaney has a stomach bug hoping is passes soon can't afford to lose what we have gained over the last few months really hoping for no hospital vist but if we keep this up that is where we are headed . 
need a break from everything finally going out to coffee YAY hope to have a good night . 
Oh I think I have my hands full .... Shaney decided to put her jacket on and her cute dress up shoes gets her purse and then says bye bye mama .... I was like where are you going Shaney ... She said to me I am going to find a fire fighter she is 2 and your going to do what oh my good golly what is she going to say next . lol 
I need a vacation really badly .. On the other hand that will not happen for mom I so think there should be a yearly vacation though maybe then I would not seem to go crazy everyday . 
Hey everyone , I am still looking for a team I hoping to get some members by the end of Feb cause I am doing some fundraising events in March please if you could help out for Shaney please sign up . If you would like to walk please do so also on this site below I hope to see many of you there Thank you for your support on Shaney if you do I really am thankful . http://www.cff.org/Great_Strides/AubreyGabbott6620 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
I have no energy what so ever really want tomorrow to come going to go see Dear < PROPFIRST > hoping to have a fun great day and come back to a baby that is very calm but not counting on that one so much . 
Today has been the best day so far I am in a good mood . Had a good night sleep for once and had energy thanks to fish oil and picked out the cutest outfit for Shaney's pictures tomorrow I think I need more days like this and I will get tons more done . 
very excited about tomorrow !!! 
Here is a fun tongue twister I still can't say it right maybe someone can !!! How many cookies could a good cook cook If a good cook could cook cookies ? A good cook could cook as much cookies as a good cook who could cook cookies . 
I am totally seeking thrill rides right now with great height and adrenaline rush I so want to take a trip to Extreme world . 
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure , to embrace the new . But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful . There is more security in the adventurous and exciting , for in movement there is life , and in change there is power . 
Is having a hard day today wish I could change it and move on but feel very stuck where I am can it be a new day yet please ???? 
freaking out and having a bad day all in one is not what I want . I now have no insurance for Shaney got denied and is not wondering what the crap to do have to figure it out soon cause I need meds every month and this is not looking good there is not way I can afford them . Trying to take a deep breath and calm myself for the upcoming week of this mess but really just want to freak out ........ 
SO have got some things figured out not all now its just the waiting game to see if anything happen if not back to the phone calls to see what else I can do but right now is applying for SSI for Shaney wishing myself luck other then my hecitc life right now I am feeling pretty good . 
I have finally made a plan to what I am doing next and sticking to it .... 
Woo Hoo I am awesome I got medicaid back and started SSI all in one day yesterday I rock !!!! 
Very Long day at Primary Childrens Hospital today now get to wait for test results hopefully everything comes out fine . 
mother will make sacrifices in her life to ensure her children are well taken care of and I would make every sacrifice in the world for my children , They come first ! They always have and always will ? Put this as your status if you're a devoted mom who will always put your children first ?. 
Really want my energy back that I had last night could really use it today maybe I just need to go get a latte with 4 shots of espresso that might get me a little more awake ..... 
have a busy week to look forward too ... excited about the sinlges parent night with career opportunities this week though wish me luck maybe I wil finally be getting a job YAY !!!! 
feeling very down really could use a break from life in general or I might just lose it soon .... really don't know how to handle my ups and downs right now but really who does . 
How many people on your friends list do you really know personnally ? Well , here's a task for you . I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met . I mean our first encounter ever . ( if you can remember back that far ) Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . Fun to read some history ! 
So today shed the light on my life . Very excited about the next few weeks and the workshops I will be learning from I can't wait !!! I hope to gain so much from PHP . I now know I will get to where I need to go doing this ... 
Happy Easter Everyone !!! 
My mind won't stop racing today its driving me nuts . How do I shut it off ..... 
feeling great today . I just hope that I can get out of the house and do something soon . Totally wish the weather was nice and the snow would go away ..... 
excited getiing out of my house tonight and going to Dees !!! 
loved the sunshine today ! Had fun playing outside with Shaney . 
My feelings of regret are making things very hard today wish I could solve this problem on my own don't think its going to happen . 
CF app . went great shaney is doing great were still on one treatment and she is in the 60% for her height and 40% for her weight wow what a jump who is the mom I am woo hoo . Still need to work on fattening her up but good news overall . 
Time to start breaking through my barriers lets see what my outcome will look like on paper .... 
Bored and can't sleep this sucks ..... 
Very Happy Today !!! Finally figuring out what is right for me and working on getting there one step at a time ..... 
\ I like them big I like them chunky\ " stupid stupid song that is stuck in my head they should not put songs like this on movies not ok need a new song ...... " 
I just lost the game .... 
Bored so lets do some triva questions .... 1 . What part of the banana is used to make banana oil ? 
totally wired on Coffee so much for sleep tonight ....... 
I think I can ... I think I can .... NO ... I know I can ... I know I can ... 
This night has ended on a bad note . Feeling very blah now , wish people would not judge me I am now to the point where I am about to throw my hands up about everything that I have now worked towards and go back to what is easier . :( 
New goal set for tomorrow I know I can is what I will say all day and get through it . 
Oh my goodness really come on now wind just be done with you your driving me insane and making it so Shaney can not go outside at all so just go away ..... 
finally had some me time with great friends just what I needed !!!! 
excited to go to workshop tomorrow !!! not excited that I have to wake up early though but that is what a latte with 6 shots of espresso is for yay for that ..... 
Who wears shorts shorts ??? Flying purple people eaters ....... Sure looks strange to me ........ 
I so need coffee ... 
Time to Clean YAY ... Ready to move everything to a different place hopefully can get it all done this month ...... 
Why do walls keep popping out at me today I swear by the end of the day there not going to want to pop out at me ..... 
Who are we ? What can we be ? Where is the possibility ? Why are we not changing ? How can you not ? 
Excited about meeting with my coach tonight at php ! Finally going forward to where I need to be . 
LOL this is great have to post it ...... \ 
\ 
Rules from the man side : so opposite from the female side that is what makes it so great .... 
so much for this being a good day Shaney got sick were now back up to 3 treatments but only time will tell if she drops or comes out of this by herself . 
Why Me ??? 
Very excited to spend sometime alone this weekend and have some fun with Shaney ..... 
Its a very relaxed night really kinda nice !!! 
Feel very tired today ... Just want to sleep mostly very drained on energy coffee seems to be doing nothing for me and I have had already two full pots to myself yay maybe by tonight I will be whacked out on energy who knows ... 
Totally had a good afternoon with mY daughter and great friends ... It was way to much laughing and fun at the park have to do it again soon . Now for some queit time cause Shaney wore herself out running today . :) 
Alright I hate the month of may ... On my way up to the CF clinic again tomorrow morning Shaney is sick after she just got over what she just had this is leading to a not so great start of spring/summer why can't this all happen in the winter . very frustrated 
Hello < PROPFIRST > thank your for doing wonders for Shaney's lungs your are the best and work your magic by just one dose now this looks like a better month even though you are very long and take up to much time but we love you . 
have a headache from hell that seems to not want to leave me alone for the last couple of days its making it really hard to sleep ahhh stupid head 
Have not heard back from the CF clinic on Shaney's culture which means only one thing bad news not looking forward to hearing what there going to say but will be prepared for it just might be our time for a clean out who knows . 
Is it better to work in a career you will love ? Or is it better to work in a career you know you can get ahead in life who is willing to work with your daughter who has a medical need ? I just would like some other side to this besides what is going on in my head .... 
Life is finally happening the way I need it to . I can't wait for what's about to come ! Very excited !!! 
I have found the cure to a stressful day with a 2 year old lots of laughing !!! 
Why is it that I have to turn into a bitch for my voice to be heard how hard is it to take my answer for what it is and not what it can become . 
I am excited for tomorrow night Leaving for Idaho won't be back till sunday this will be a great break from everything ! 
Life is is good and happy my daughter is totally attached to my hip now that I am back though its cute . 
Not having such a great night . Feeling really frustrated and confused all at the same time I hate feeling this way but only tomorrow can tell if I will have a better day or not . 
Got a good book today can't put it down at least I will now have something to do over the next 5 days . :) 
I am really having a rough time need to stop feeling like this don't like it . 
does anyone know of any good day care centers or in home daycares that does not have a lots of kids ? looking in the area of bountiful and area's of salt lake . 
Set a goal now lets see if I get it done to get my reward that I want . 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes . Had a great day and lots of fun . :) 
I want to go swimming hopefully will get some time soon so I can . 
Feeling pissed off .... Really want to change everything that is going on for me wake up and be a whole new life of where I see myself but now I am stuck yet again with another barrier and yet still have no place to turn what is next what do you want to throw at me next cause right now I just don't care anymore . 
I LIKE BROOMS ......... 
Give me the strength to handle a long day tomorrow at PMCH . Going into a CF app and a CTC scan all in one day hopefully Shaney will be in a good mood up until the end . doubting that but still hoping . 
Had a good CF app . today Shaney is now in the 70th % for her height and 42% for her weight . Waiting for the result for her MRSA test if it is negative again will be taken off the high risk list YAY !!!! She is at no risk for her CF doing good in that direction . I am a very proud mom ...... 
If you could have any super power you want what would it be ? 
You can select one person from history and ask them a question to which they must give a truthful reply . Who would you select and what question would you ask ? 
The biggest sin is sitting on your ass . - Florynce Kennedy 
Taking Shaney to the Wiggles Concert tonight . Very excited for all of us that are going . Thank yor CF for providing the tickets for my daughter to go . I can't wait to see her the look on her face .... 
Shaney had a blast tonight at the Wiggles concert . She had the excitement I was looking for maybe more so then I thought . I'm glad she got to experience such a fun event she will be talking about this for months . :) 
Tired of not being able to sleep even when I try to go to sleep early ..... I just need to find a job that offers graveyard shift it would be perfect for me . I give up on trying to go to sleep before 3:30 am ...... 
Had a great day got a lot of things done .... Now so ready for bed YAY !!! 
Alright moms I need some pointers on potty training tips Shaney get's the concept just refuses to do it .... Lost on incentives don't have much to offer her tried stickers , < PROPFEMALE > , and a fun place to where ever she wants nothing seems to be working . I need some other tips thanks . 
I can't believe Shaney is going to be 3 soon ... Where does time fly too ... 
My little girl is 3 today Yay !!! Happy Birthday to Shaney !!! 
Had a great birthday party yesterday for Shaney lots of fun !!! Got soaked with water but it was worth it . 
Way excited for this weekend . Going to the Zoo with Shaney I can't wait to see her face light up .... 
Realizing how much I love to write and how great I am at it ..... Feeling on top of the world over something so small .... 
Today just sucks need it to be over now .... 
A ha ha ha ha ha ha ...... I know I know which makes me very happy !!! :) 
Had a great time walking tonight can't wait to do it again .... Even though I really felt the burn tonight at least I had great company and support to keep me going :) 
Excited to have a little break tonight away from everything and go to a concert !!! Girls night out yay !!!! 
I got a job today !!! start working on Oct 4th so excited .... Today is a great day now to just get enrolled in school and I will be on track with my life . :) 
I just realized how bad news can ruin your day completely .... Not feeling very great really just want to get away today and be by myself and try to cope with everything I'm feeling right now .... 
Can't stop watching across the universe ... Great songs keep playing over and over again in my head . Great movie !!! 
Shaney went to her first day of pre school today !!! Wow my little girl is getting so big where does the time fly too ..... 
Awesome concert tonight from Buckcherry , Three Days Grace and Nickelback ... Still totally hyped up from it all . 
Why is it that everyone driving faster than you is considered an idiot and everyone driving slower than you is a moron ? 
This should be a great weekend hoping Shaney will have lots of fun this year and wear her costume ... 
Shaney had a great time trick of treating .. But now is more sick today not fun why is it always October that she ends up getting sick I hope she gets over it quickly and we won't have to pay a vist to PMCH . 
Just my luck when when something goes right for me something always has to go wrong too ... I just hope hope hope that it won't go the wrong direction and will just be a bump in the road ... 
Yay !!! Excited for girls night tonight totally going to do some pampering we deserve it ... This reward could not come at a better time Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for tonight your the best .... 
So I keep hearing that networking is the key to importance ... So how about we all network and save an old raido station that we love , I know I miss it I can't wait to have it back so lets have everyone including there friends and families go to 9.75 the blaze and LIKE IT !!!! They want 1400 likes by tonight lets do more then that !!!! 
I love the FOG !! Wish I could drive around in it all night .... 
Aliright so I am a little bored tonight lets play the would you rather game and lets make it a little more interesting ..... Would you rather be traped in a horror movie or be the killer in one ??? hmmm Would you rather fly when your fart or pee every time your laugh ?? 
Totally excited for tomorrow . Going to get my hair done love when I get to do this . Here comes a sexy me .... 
If only life came with a rewind , play , pause , stop and of course the fast forward button . 
I promise to ( sometime in 2011 ) send something handmade , by me , to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update . But if you comment , you in turn must promise to post this same message and send something handmade by you to your first 5 posters . 
When you get pissed off at life what do you do ? Oh yeah you take life in your hands and shows it who's boss get pissed back and show it your in control so here it goes watch out life I am going to win this time . Tired of sitting and doing nothing for you to throw me down again and again on the same path . Now time to change for good . 
Nothing like watching across the universe and cuddling with Shaney ... So on that thought what is everyone favorite beatles song ? 
Had a great night out !! Needed it have not really been out of my house to have some fun . 
I think I am way to wired up in a good mood to sleep . Could be bad who knows maybe could get something done with all my energy guess by early morning I will know . 
Anyone want my mind right now ? Cause I have had enough it just won't shut up and most of it I don't want to think about Grrr ...... 
How many times do people have to mess up to get certain things right ? Sick and tired of doing things that I am suppose to just to get the end result of something I have to fix over and over again really ..... 
This day is going so so long .... Really bored on top of it all kinda going crazy need some other conversation then a screaming 3 year old who does not seem to be happy with me at all today . 
Had some great cuddle time with Shaney tonight even though most of the cuddling consisted on crying cause she is sick and hurting but it was nice just for her to want me . Moments like that you can never get sick of even if she is sick . 
