Does anyone like chopped liver ? 

totally feels like chopped liver 
why don't all fridays come when you need them ? 
thinks its totally not fair that i dont have much time to stay on facebook . gotta go be a band nerd ! :-{ ) ( Like the dude with a mustache ? ) 
is so totally bummed its monday . they should have had one more day added into the weekend 
have you ever gotten tired of people and wished you were on a deserted island by yourself ? 
CHECK OUT MY MUSIC ON MYSPACE ! 
please . 
I haven't felt this tired since I took an unplanned 4 hour hike ! I got lost . 
In case you didn't know . I moved out of my mom's house . Now life is extremely busy . No time for anything . 
.......................................................................................................................................... 
Don't label me . I'm not something you stick on a shelf , buy when it looks good , and throw away when you get tired of it . 
totally tired of weekends that feel longer than they are . 
gave blood today !!! 
blahhhhhhhhhhhhhh . 
today is the anniversary of my dad's death . not a fun time for me 
Whew . So little time . So much to do . X-) 
I'm spinning . I don't know where I'm going . I only know where I hope to end up . The near future is a haze , but years down the road I know exactly where I want to be . It's funny how I think I'll wake up one day and be there . 
I wonder why little kids adore me . Sometimes I just don't get it . -Visiting my uncle at his day care . 
For some strange reason I felt really fat today . 
Today I feel like running . 
I just went throught my box of memories . It was mostly pictures and cards people had sent me . Of course when I read through all the cards that were sent to me after my father's death I started to cry . I don't know if I have told any of you ... 
So . I'm back from Washington D.C. and now I'm 18 years old . I just got my car in my name . So many good things have been happening . But , my sister wrecked her car and my brother blew an intake gasket in his truck and my mom's dog died . So the world continues to be a balance of good and bad . 
If you have ever tried to diet you will know how much will power it takes . If you have ever counted calories you will know how much concentration it takes . 
Man ! Censuring your comments is so hard ! 
Have you ever expected the unexpected just to have it turn out that only the expected happened ? 
Sometimes i wish this whole thing was already over with and i was in heaven with God for eternity . Waiting is boring , exhausting , frustrating , and sometimes pointless . Except to learn < PROPFEMALE > . Oh great . X-) 
thinking way too much for my own good . 
Sorry everybody . Today is the only day I can get on Facebook . Long story . Don't ask . Talk to you next week . 
I am so totally glad that I am finally back on Facebook ! took a while for me to get myself together ! LOng story don't ask . 
Hmm . Snow . It's fun to play with , but the minute it shows up I start to get a cough . 
HEY EVERYBODY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Love you guys . Wanted to tell you I'm going to Florida with the band ( yes I am a band nerd ) so I won't be able to get on facebook for like a week . Sorry !!!! I'm a little too lowtech so I don't have internet on my phone . See you guys !!!!!! 
We have finally started dissecting our cats in anatomy . We finished getting the skin off today !!! 
So excited about the circuit rider campout tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Whoo ! I need to go to bed on time tonight . I am tired . YAWN ! 
SCHOOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THERE'S TOO MUCH OF IT !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love sleep after a long day . :-) 
I LOVE SPAM SALAD !! Especially the way my mom makes it . It is so good . With dill pickle relish , just a few spices , a squirt of mustard , ooooooohhhhhhhh ! It is so god . I could just sit here forever just eating spam salas . Ahhhh . 
If you have not heard already I will let you know . I wrecked my car Friday night , June 25 . I lost control of my car when distracted by flying papers . Stupid right ? But God was in control and kept me safe . My car landed upside down in a puddle . A soft landing but messy . I'm fine now . Just a little sore . You can message me for more details . Just don't as how fast I was going . I don't know . :-) 
I was a deep-thinking philosophical adult yesterday . Today I'm just a teenager playing around on the internet ! :-) 
I ate chinese food today . my fortune said that ' a four-wheeled adventure will soon bring me happiness . ' :-) 
status shuffle : < PROPFEMALE > says being an Aunt is the greatest feeling in the world ! It's all the fun without the responsibility . :-) 
What's on my mind ? BUTTERFLIES !!! oh yeah . and getting ready for college in DAYSSSS !!!!!! AHHHHHH !!!!!!! 
I leave for < PROPFIRST > tomorrow !! It's not the end of the earth . I'll still have internet access . I think . :-) Still , it's a big step . Leaving home . Embarking on the unknown . It is a thrilling and terrifying rite of passage into adulthood . But I'm finally ready !!!! 
girl i have been so busy i don't know what i'm doing sitting here on the couch . i have changed so uch in the past week i'm not sure you would know you were talking to the same person . but i still love ya girl . :-) 
Hmmm . confessions free the soul . but i won't burden you with the deep dark things i've confessed . i'll leave you to wonder . Mwa ha ha ha ha . ( sorry . i still have that sarcasm i haven't quite learned to dislike yet . love you guys . :-P ) 
I am missing my family so much today , but I'm having lots of fun . :-) Wait . What am I talking about ?! I'm sitting here bored on my couch with nothing to do , but get ahead on my required reading !!! 
not all walks down memory < PROPFIRST > are pleasant 
The Lord convicted me of my prolific use of Facebook applications . Keeping up with them , takes my attention off of God , so I had to get rid of all the ones that required everyday upkeep . the last one i just got rid of is school of magic . I had over 39 billion in the treasury and 5 billion in assets . kind of sad but who really cares it was just a game right ? 
i miss my family !!!!! 
i hope i get this job . please pray for me . 
 Oh what a difficult price i pay for virtue : Anonymity . \ 
And yet , i will receive a much greater reward in heaven than my mind could fathom . \ 
Yet , my flesh 
 still desires what it cannot have . \ 
Dear God , if You have called me to virtue , why not take away this craving ? \ 
Yet , i know that You have a plan and i mus 
 t submit . \ 
\ 
Help me , oh God . \ 
Help me ! \ 
The darkness and silence of the room fills me with what i have long dreamed of . \ 
Stop my flesh from taking control ! 
 You helped < PROPFIRST > when he cried out to you \ 
And he did not stop at just a daydream . \ 
Don't leave me in my distress ! \ 
Oh God . \ 
i feel You here . \ 
i feel your 
  Presence . \ 
And the peace i feel calms my flesh and reminds it of greater joys . \ 
Recalls higher ecstasy than any that can be shared with man . \ 
Oh to be a 
 virtuous woman ! \ 
To know that because of your Son's sacrificial death , \ 
i can come into your Presence , \ 
Bask in your glory , \ 
Until the desires for worldly 
 things are all swept away and i am left with one thing :\ 
My love for you . \ 
May You always be praised as only one who is truly consecrated to You can worsh 
 ip . 
sorry about the extended posts . if you want to read the full thing ( i'm not exactly sure what it is maybe a prayer ??????? ) it is in my notes . 
Sorry if you guys try to read my multiple posts on my wall . it's kind of hacked apart because i forgot there was a character limit . it is in its entirety in my notes . 
thanks you guys for praying I got the job at Grandy's . It's an okay job and i thank God for it . :-D 
ever felt like man I messed up big time . get depressed for a little while , then suddenly you feel God's forgiveness and your all okay . Not okay is an i didn't do anything wrong but okay as in my sins are washed away ? 
Ever felt like ' Man I messed up again ' ; then get depressed until you suddenly feel God's forgiveness ; then you're okay again ? 
i hate being sick and so far from home . :( 
This then is how we know that we belong to the truth , and how we set our hearts at rest in his presence whenever our hearts condemn us . For God is greater than our hearts , and he knows everything . - 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:19 -20 funny . it only takes two verses and 30 secs . to refute an hour's worth of ranting . :-) 
I have yahoo messenger video chat !!!!!! \ 
and goodnight everybody . :-) 
going back to work after recovering . Wonderful and terrible at the same time . :-) 
talking to my missionary friend in < PROPFEMALE > . :-) 
What is on my mind ? This ever downward spiral of relationship between < PROPMALE > and the world . Read < PROPFIRST > 3:2 . Jesus didn't fulfill that prophecy yet did He ? ( no really answer my question if you have biblical proof that i am wrong . i really want to know . ) 
Today I want to say that funerals are not the easiest functions to attend . I was filled with memories of the dearly departed , but I am determined to not let this spoil my recent attitude of peace . God is on the throne and my father , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and recently Pastor < PROPMALE > Tucker are now worshipping in His Presence which is , in truth , where I would rather be if God had not called me to work here . 
have you ever wanted to just go back in time and start your day over ? 
&So today is another day when you just wanna go to sleep and skip a day . It's really wierd . Yesterday afternoon turned out well this afternoon wasnt too b 
&ad either . It was the morning ( i.e. School ) i had a problem with . Whats worse is that midterms are next week ! 
Sometimes I laugh at the stupidity of man . Then my heart hurts for their ability to willfully misunderstand out of their own fear of losing control . Exhibit A : EvilBible.com What do you say to show them the truth ? How do you answer their questions ? I know some who can . I wish I could automatically remove the doubt of everyone in the world , but then , if it were that easy , God would have already done that . 
:-) 
I'll be home Sunday !!!!! 
I'm so excited ! I've lost weight and the way my schedule is going I'm about to lose more ! In a healthy way . I don't have time to snack in the afternoons . :-) 
Can someone please find the store phone number for grandy's on polk street . < PROPFIRST > tx . Like now ? I need it . 
Had a great day at home . A great service with pastor < PROPFIRST > , a word from God , and a little quality fishing time with family before i had to head back . :-) 
so many things have changed in just on week . i really need you guys to pray for me . i don't know if I can explain everything over Facebook , but send me a private message and I might be able to explain a little more explicitly on what to pray for . 
UPDATE < PROPFEMALE > 2011 : I will be able to provide tax deductibles for a charitable donation . more information shoud be upcoming after the next meeting on Tuesday 
I never knew quarters were so important , until i had to find them to wash my laundry . :-) 
I am not a in a box . I can grow . I can change . I won't be this way forever . God has plans for me . Did you think He would let me stay immature forever ? Just let me grow . It might surprise you who I turn out to be . 
A good friend is one who will jeopardize their relationship with you to say what needs to be said . 
I just want to say thank you to all of our veterans and those currently serving in the military . God bless you . 
Right after i get one thing settled in my heart , God goves me another lesson to learn . The pruning never stops . 
1 Thessalonians 5:23 -24\ 
May God Himself , the God of peace , sanctify you through and through . May your whole spirit , soul and body be kept blameless at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ . The One who calls you is faithful and He will do it . :-) 
We are having a 24 hour prayer here at CFNI . I went as long as I could . Now it's time to sleep . :-) 
Well cafeteria supper was a fail . 
Sometimes being everybody's little sister is hard . 
I love you guys so much and i'm doing great today ! It's all set . I'm going to San < PROPFIRST > for Thanksgiving . :-) i'm so happy ! Ecstatic in fact . :-) 
Happy thanksgiving everybody ! 
God is so good . Of course He was good before He gave me the $800 i needed , but it just sounds like a great way to start off saying : I don't have to quit my job and move back home . I can stay and work off the other $500 i need over the Christmas break and start again in January . Now all i need is to convince my boss that I can work 8 hours a day . :-) 
At the mall . Waiting on a friend to get off work . Thought this would be fun . At least it's better than sitting on my couch doing nothing . :-) 
I can't believe i am voluntarily going for a solo jog ! I just have too much energy and it's making mr climb the walls ! 
2 weeks until school starts again ! 
My prayer for this year :\ 
This life is worth nothing if I do not live it for You . \ 
This pain is worth nothing if it does not change me into who You want me to be . \ 
All that I have gained is worth nothing if it does not take me where You want me to go . \ 
This love is worth nothing if it does not make me seek You more . \ 
This joy is worth nothing if I do not share it with who You want me to . \ 
I am nothing without You . 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's no fun . :) 
\i never knew i could be so mean til i was all alone and had to start arguing with myself . did you know you can actually make yourself cry ? \ " can you believe this status that I wrote has been used 249 times on status shuffle ? " 
I love all of your birthday posts ! Thanks guys . I had a few wonderful days with family where I only thought of Facebook in passing . I think some of my fish have died in Fishville though . I have to go check . 
Okay . This is beginning to make me nervous . I have received two calls from people claiming to get my number from their caller i.d. I did not call them . Is it possible for two people to have the same cell number ? 
Kabash ! That's how we do it ! 
My stinking battery died again . Yes , I can safely say it stinks . It stunk the last time I had to recharge it , too . I remember because I had to < PROPFEMALE > it . It is also greasy , filthy and totally unreliable . I just wish I could spare the money to buy a new one . I may have to . It might have gone bad . 
You know , today is one of those days where you just want to start running and not stop until you keel over from exhaustion- or , in my case lack of breath . 
Well it looks like a slow day at work . Thank God ! Literally . Thank you , God ! :-D 
I've had pancakes , coffee and plenty of sleep . My roomates are gone and I'm about to rock this place ! 
Have you heard about Gay activists boycotting Chik-Fil-A because they donated to a Christian organization who opposes same-sex marriages ? I think it's amazing how intolerant the people calling for tolerance are !!!!! 
It's snowing !!! 
I went sledding for the first time !!! At least that I remember . Lol . I had so much fun !!! Snow is awesome when it gets you out of school ! :-D Now it's time for hot chocolate ! :-D 
I've just seen who STALKS me on Facebook ! You can see who creeps around your profile too ! http://redirectway.com/stalker 
