has completely converted to Apple . I'm pretty sure Microsoft hates it's customers . 

sad .... parents wont let me see the meteor shower ... TAKE PICTURES 
wow ... i just typed in facebook and i got wierd code ... not html or java ... and i think i saw simplified chinese in there .... 
right when I get used to the new facebook .... Geez ... i guess this one IS easier to navigate though ... 
Has looked out his window to see the frightening sight of eminent global warming ..... and it's white and fluffy .... 
just finished building an iglfort ( i mixture of a snow fort and an igloo ) and it is awesome ! 
is in college station checkin out a&m with his bro ... guess who's an AGGIE now ? ( and who will be one in 2012 ! ) 
gotta love < PROPMALE > ... i just managed to copy and move skype to the applications folder ... before it finished estimating the time it would take 
gotta love macs ... est . time of download ( not macs estimation , the site's ) - 7 minutes actual time - 30 sec =) 
Leaving for football now .... dang it's early ... 
well , football was fun .... lot of running ... a lot\ 
having trouble with stairs now =) 
at A&M .... helping my bro set up his room . 
first Thesa Rider's football game tomorrow .... 
getting ready to go to football ... \ 
been waiting for this day ... 
is now studying for his stupid anatomy final . ugh . 
training for football has started again =D 
i spent about 3 hours looking for my mom's phone . I had borrowed it to use it to find my phone and apparently never brought it back . i went through all of my drawers and all the rooms and never found it . Turns out she put it next to the TV and forgot about it ....... lol 
still studying for my anatomy test . :( 
first day of Christmas vacation . YYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYY\ 
=) 
about to go for a jog .... ugh it's cold . 
Going for a jog ... 
??? ??? ?????? ? ?? ???? 
I is boreded . 
is making a on-the-go playlist and then is going to go for a jog . im wondering if my jog will end first or if my face will freeze first . ONLY ONE WAY TO FIND OUT ! 
second day of school ... so tired =( 
i just finish shoveling off my driveway when it begins to snow again . it's like the sky is trying to spite me . 
hey if any of ya'll have tried to call/text me ... sorry . i forgot my phone in the airport Xp\ 
so hopefully ill get my phone back from the lost and found in a few days , but if not , ill be needing all ur < PROPFIRST > again =D 
just got dead space . yay for no sleep ever again . =D 
five minutes into dead space : OOOOOHHHHHH MMMMMYYYYY GGGOOOOOSSSSSSHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
