~ Woohoo , happy new year ! 

< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! And it's a < PROPFEMALE > one ~ so much better than the 4 feet of snow we had last year (: 
Had a great 21st birthday ! Thanks everyone ! 
Mmm .. peach champagne and pina coladas . 
Bienvenidos , 2011 . 
Next two days off and nothing to do but curl up on the couch with a nice cup of hot tea . Happy ~ 
Why do the college library and bookstore have to be closed for MLK day ?! They're hindering my progress .. totally against the spirit of MLK IMO . I hate irony . 
Snow ! :( 
Happyyy ~ 
I feel like spending the day in a bookstore . Too bad I can't stand Hastings .. 
hates not being able to sleep even though I woke up at 7 am and worked all day . 
Yay , it's over ! Did nothing but make floral arrangements the last two days .. glad this day only comes once a year . I think I'd go crazy if I had to take over as florist again .. 
Peach soda is the best . 
wwwwwwww 
Woo , next 3 days off ! And spending the weekend soaking at the hot springs in Montana ! Should be nice . 
wants it to be summer !! 
FB is being really buggy and irritating for me today .. 
made falafels ! :D 
Just bought my ticket to Texas ! Woooo . 
Packing for Cali ! Can't wait to get away from this icicle of a state . 
Off to California for the week ! 
Went to < PROPFIRST > Point tide pools , Laguna beach , and Huntington beach today ! Going to La Brea tar pits tomorrow . 
Went to La Brea tar pits in LA , had dimsum in < PROPFEMALE > town , and got some bangles and a skirt in Little < PROPFEMALE > . 
Back home ! 
wants it to be July ! 
.. I think the mailman broke my mailbox . 
Real Jamaican style < PROPFEMALE > ale is so repulsive .. yet I can't get enough . 
??????????? 
mmm .. almond and anise biscotti <3 
Snow tires have to come off this week .. which means I have to buy new tires . This suuucks . 
????? 
Wooo . Heading out to Pocatello today . Hoping my manager is right and we can make it there in under 7 hours .. 
heard the best radio ad ever . Pay $50 to send someone a goat .. then that person has to pay to have the goat removed . 
Back from checking out my new school . It's awesome . Can't wait til fall ! 
The < PROPFEMALE > trees are finally starting to bloom and everything's waking up . Such a lovely time of year ~ 
finally has a working computer again . Yayy . 
is watching a pair of chickadees house shop . There are 4 or 5 bird houses up in the trees of my front yard that they take turns inspecting the insides of . Heh .. so cute . 
Electric violin is just <3 
Nothing like a hot pot of cacao mint black tea to make the endless rain bearable . 
finally got to see a sun dog ! 
Plain ol ' < PROPFEMALE > told a story about a man who was too afraid to fly so he never did land 
just saw a perfect rainbow (: 
One month til Texas ! Can't wait ! 
Frick ! Took an hour to water the yard and garden .. I'm thoroughly frozen now . 
So I tried watching True Blood .. and what the hell . It's the same as every other mediocre vampire story , but every other scene involves sex . Geeze , people . 
Looking for student loans . IHML 
Ironman this weekend .. the town has been taken over by people in spandex . 
Freaking awesome day <3 
Waiting for the night I don't have to turn the heater on .. 
Packing , sorting , tossing . Ugh . 
will be in Texas tomorrow ! Woo . 
Ugh .. all the wireless networks in my neighborhood are suddenly secure . At least I only have a week left here with no internet ! 
AHHH . <3 Life . So many awesome things have happened in the last hour . 
Last night in my apartment .. aww sad . I'll miss it ! 
I hate folk < PROPMALE > . 
Just got back from kayaking ! 
Sweeney < PROPMALE > tonight ! 
Awwww .. no more Albies . 
Bloody cheap Idaho . Where's our tax free weekend ???? 
Hello , Pocatello . 
Orientation was lame . Class starts tomorrow ! 
Happy with my choice of transfer school so far . Small classes are the best . Super nice dorm/suite too ! And I only have 2 classes outside of my building . The fact I've only had to spend around $250 on books for 17 credits makes me really happy , too ! 
Just bought my plane ticket home for Thanksgiving week ! Wooo .. expensive . 
Four day weekend ! 
Bowling and air hockey . Wasn't a terribly boring day , afterall . 
It's sad when a class is so boring I wish she'd give us homework and quizzes everyday .. 
wants the museum to be open :( I should take Museology . 
Honeycrisp apples make me happy . 
Happy Fall ~ ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Bareilles concert was wonderful ! Even got to meet her . 
Common sense is so much more rare than the name would imply .. and that makes me sad . 
8 ) 
It's snowing .. 
Looking forward to going home next week ! 
Hahaha . Tonight was good . 
hahahahaha gross . 
Home ! :) 
Too much snow ! 
Back to Pocatello tomorrow . Booooo . 
In Salt Lake City .. can't wait for this long day to end . 
< PROPFEMALE > with a blue sky and it's still snowing . It's quite pretty the way it glitters in the sunlight , so I'm okay with it . 
should be studying for finals .. but bejeweled blitz is so addictive and I have not reached panic mode yet . 8 ] 
Can't wait to get exams done and over with .. it's so time for a break . One more week and then I'll be home ! 
Ugh .. this time of year is the worst . 
Finals are overrr ! Going home today . 
:D Wish you were here ~ 
made a funky gingerbread house ! 
Thank you , everyone ! I had a great day . :) 
New phone .. Woo ! 
Craziness ! 
I have a great feeling about this .. 
Back from an afternoon at the salon . Yep . 
Just found \lol\ " used by the author in one of my textbooks .. hmm . " 
So cannot wait for summer weather ! 
Woo ! It's a happy day for some reason that I'm not totally aware of . But I'll take it , anyway . 
Ahh ! Stats is awful . I miss algebra . 
Cold and boring . If Pocatello didn't have a school it would probably shrivel up and cease to exist completely . 
Went to ISU's Africa night yesterday and it was awesome . I will totally go there some day ! Haha . 
So funny it makes me cry or so sad it makes me laugh . I don't even know . 
Ahahaha , I really love the messed up things about life sometimes . They bring a person's true character to light . 
White chai tea on a chilly evening such as this is perfect ? 
Even if you fall on your face , you're still moving forward . 
Bahahaha , go Packers ! 
Linguistics exam down ! Just gotta get through this archaeology exam and I'll finally have my weekend . 
\May flowers always line your path and sunshine light your day . May songbirds serenade you every step along the way . May a rainbow run beside you in a sky that's always blue . And may happiness fill your heart each day your whole life through . \"" 
<3 Such a beautiful day . I can tell this spring will be a great one . I'll just be a little sad without my garden :( haha . 
“When the power of love overcomes the love of power , the world will know peace . ” :) 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day ! Be happy and all that jazz . 
Got my ticket to California for next month ! I sooo can't wait to get out of Pocatello for a while . 
:) 
Short school weeks are the best :) 
Woooooo ! :) 
Hahaha best Friday night in a while ! 
trænzkrjb ?? b ? twin i ? l ?? ? n IPA .. blahh . 
Beautiful day :) 
So excited now ! (: I'm thinking this will be a good year . 
hmm (: haha ~ ??? ????? ??? 
2 more weeks ! 
????? ???????????????? 
The world dances to the rhythm of its own heart beating for you ~ 
Before it all begins , remember how it ends . 
So torn between .. everything ! Hmm .. guess that means I should be able to accept whatever life gives me ? Hahaha . Regret's not really my style , anyway . :) 
Happy Pi day ! 
:) Today was a good day . 
Blackbird singing in the dead of night , take these broken wings and learn to fly . All your life you were only waiting for this moment to arise . 
On my way to California now ! 
Soooo sunburnt :( 
Back to Pocatello today .. 
Oh yeah .. this summer will be a good one :) 
Hmm .. something's really gotta change .. 
??????????????????? 
Ahh what a gorgeous day :) 
?????????????????????? 
Hahaha .. some people are so spineless in their desperation to fit in . Even when it means they have to degrade their own personal beliefs or friends . This is why I have trouble finding even the smallest amount of respect for many people . But , I suppose it makes those who stand up for what they believe in that much greater . 
