\There are only 10 kinds of people in the world ... those who understand binary 

Secret of life :\ 
The Cake is a Lie and The Bird is The Word ! 
im feeling kinda blue ... but i suppose it will pass ... hopefully ... 
im so happy ... i got my bike fixed today !! 
i just got home from work ... man , i never knew how much ur feet can hurt after 3.5 hours of walking around the kitchen of wendys ... 
man , work was rough today ... we were just too busy ... i kid u not , we had about 9 or 10 people at the front and about 5 or 6 in the drive through ... at the same time !! oh , well , i survived ... 
Heh , today was a good day at work ... I got to leave waaaay early ! I only worked about a half hour ... I guess this is what happens when you show up early for work every day you go in ... LIFE IS SWEET ! :) 
Happy Thnaksgiving ! I got a cell phone yesterday ! It is only a TracPhone , but it is better than nothing ... now , I just need to get some more money for some more minutes ... 
Isn't it amazing how much your personality changes when your in love ? I have noticed that a totally different side of me has surfaced in the past month , and I'm amazed at the change I've seen ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > , and thank you for a wonderful first month ! Here's to sooooo many more ! <3 
Well , I figure if everyone else is doing it , I may as well too . Message me a number , and I will post on my wall just the number and what I think about you ... truthfully ... 
69 . Really ? I'm not surprised by your number choice . I honestly think that you are one of my better friends , mainly because you always get my Family Guy references . Hm ... not really much else to say ... Well , I've enjoyed being a semi-friend , if not a full friend , and hope you have a happy and wonderful life full of hapiness and joy . 
5 . I have known you for as long as I can remember . You have helped me through the tough times , and have always had a special place in my heart . I have cherished our friendship over the years , and I hope that we will know each other for all eternity . 
Well , when I love her and miss her every second I'm not with her ... well , there is just no denying that this is the real thing ... Love you , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Man , has it really been over two months ? Where has all of the time gone ... then again , I suppose what they say is true ... time flies when your having fun ... especially when it's with you ... Here's to a long and happy life together . I love you , < PROPFEMALE > !! <3 
Pick a card , any card ! 
now has his Facebook in Classic Latin ! 
