only 13 more days to the move ! 

My RV gets picked up Sunday , I pick up the Uhaul truck/trailer Monday and start driving to Nampa on Tuesday ... \on the road again ... goin places that I've never been\ " Woohoo ! " 
Hitch adapter installed ( minus one finger tip ) - check RV picked up and on the road to Nampa - check Uhaul truck & trailer picked up and packed - check I'm staying the night in Midland and then I'm hittin the road in the AM ! 
To everyone out there who prays ... please pray for me this week if you think about it ; I need to find a place to live and a car by the weekend 
Here's the latest on the move , I purchased a car on Monday , found a place to live on Tuesday and I should be able to move in on Friday ! Thank you all for your prayers . 
so since I'm a \professional\ " musician now I guess I better learn to play the guitar ... starting electric guitar lessons on Monday ! Woohoo " 
so thanks to my guitar lesson today I can now play the first parts of Yellow Ledbetter and I know 48 chords that I didn't thing I knew before WOOHOOOO ! 
So the first Canyon church service went very well this weekend , thanks to all who have been praying for me/us !! 
hates painting ......... 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes , I feel blessed to have so many good friends ! 
I hate to admit this but < PROPFEMALE > just kicked my butt ! The sad part is that I was only on level ONE !!! 
What's the world coming to when we hand someone a Nobel Peace Prize for no apparent reason , put < PROPFEMALE > Simpson on the cover of Playboy magazine and bomb the < PROPFEMALE > all at the same time ... I ASK YOU 
I love the rain ! 
Fall has got to be one of the best times of the year with a slight chill in the air , leaves falling to the ground and a little weather here and there . 
I’ve got a job interview at UPS in a few hours , wish me luck and keep me in your prayers 
Well my interview at UPS went well but now it's a waiting game , thanks for your thoughts and prayers everyone 
Looking forward to spending some time in Walla Walla this week for Thanksgiving ! 
Good news , I've got a temporary seasonal job with UPS ! 
This clean shaven stuffs for the birds 
Woohoo , SNOW ! 
I'm in Ellensburg - < PROPFEMALE > and I along with mom and dad Vicari are all spending New Years < PROPFEMALE > together this year ! 
Happy New Year !!! 
ready for another day ... 
was there some sort a \big game\ " today or something ?? " 
another sleepless night .............. 
getting ready for another worship practice tonight 
Anyone out there know of anyone interested in purchasing an RV please let me know ... I've gotta sell mine and fast 
Iron sharpening iron isn't comfortable but when it comes time to do some heavy cutting you realize it's been well worth the effort 
Praying for Chile today 
Great worship practice tonight ! I feel like we're finally hittin that groove : 0 ) 
I'm in Walla Walla for all of about 18 hours then it's straight back to Nampa 
I got two offers on my RV short sale today !! Please pray that the bank will accept one of them so I can get out of this black swirling cloud of RV debt . 
GREAT NEWS !!! Someone just made an offer on my RV and the bank has accepted it ! There are still a few details to work out but it's looking like I'm almost out from under that \black swirling cloud of RV debt\ " Woohoo ! " 
What an exciting day ... we had around 50 people in our Canyon Church membership class this afternoon !! 
crap ... 
Things are going great ! People are making Canyon Church their home and they've been getting baptized and publically confessing their faith ... I don't know how to explain how I'm feeling about it all . I'm just so excited to see people taking the next steps in their walk with the Lord . Woohoo ! it's all been worth it : 0 ) 
The deal is finally done !!! Money has exchanged hands and the RV drove off this morning to its new home in Utah . Thanks to everyone who’s been prayin for me about all this RV drama ... it’s finally over : 0 ) 
I'm getting so much stuff done this week it's absolutely CRAZY ! 
is on my way to Saturday Super Serve ... if anyone wants to come help me clean toilets at the Cultural Center I'll get an extra pair of rubber gloves for ya ; 0 ) 
just drove into Walla Walla this afternoon ! 
6lbs down , 25 to go 
when does this roller-coaster start going back up again ?? 
is so dang sick ........... I'm almost convinced there are aliens living inside me 
The aliens have left the building ... 
finally saw Avatar and while I admit it was visually appealing there isn’t anything new about this story AT ALL hey it was a good movie and I’ll probably watch it again but 2.7 billion dollars worth of good ?!? I don’t think so . 
got a flat tire and I'm stuck on the interstate because my car doesn't have a lug wrench so I can't change into my spare ... ain't life fun 
Well 2.5 hours and $500 bucks later I'm back on the road ... 
\no offense\ " is something lazy people say when they know they’re about to offend but don't care about you enough to take the 2 seconds it would take to rephrase whatever stupid thing they’re about to say " 
What a beautiful day in Seattle ... 
is just trying to stay optimistic today ... 
Today is going to be a great day ! 
this has been the longest two weeks of my life ... but the pay off is gonna be worth it ; 0 ) 
Not really sure life gets any better then it is right now ! 
... so this is what love is ; 0 ) 
packing everything I own to move up to Washington later this week ... 
that was one very expensive , very short yet very rewarding weekends ever ... 
anyone know of any temporary work either here in Walla Walla or in Ellensburg ?? 
well meaning people and their opinions sometimes make me want to break stuff ; 0 ) 
There's something about getting to work before the suns up and leaving when it's down again . Not saying I want to do it forever but there is something about it ... 
Married life begins in just 12 days !! 
4 more days !! 
Got kind of a big day tomorrow ; 0 ) 
We're home ! We had such an amazing time together in our cozy little cabin at the base of Mt . Rainier this past week , God's creation is absolutely breath taking when you make time to enjoy it . 
job interview tomorrow !!! 
Thanks for all the happy birthdays guys ! 
Its official , I start work tomorrow !! 
Chili and freshly baked corn bread with my lady on a rainy Sunday afternoon ... good stuff ! 
it's a rainy day in Yakima 
Today's the day people , get out there and vote ! 
What the what !?! 
We're headed to Walla Walla ! 
The dog and I both went to the doctor today and we both have issues ... 
Thanks to all the United States veterans for keeping this country safe , your service and sacrifice are greatly appreciated . 
First real payday in 18 months ! Thank you God for a great job . 
Truth is never dependent upon consensus of opinion . 
check yourself before you wreck yourself 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
Starting Monday my morning commute goes from 40 < PROPFEMALE > . to about 5 ! Woohooo 
I do love the snow ! 
can't sleep because my mind is racing ... 
Four months of marriage has made me fat but I'm also happy so ... 
