is liking Borderlands . 

played the demo for < PROPMALE>'s Inferno , and it kind of felt like God of War Lite . 
thought Bayonetta was okay , but is rarely into those types of games . 
Topic is Best Video Game Since 2000 . Go . 
has heard that \Demon's Souls\ " is one of the best games out there on the PS3 . Anyone have any thoughts ? " 
is finally watching The Hangover . 
wishes he could become a fan of Trade Chat . 
is thinking Mata's . 
is home and bored , in that order . 
' s lamp started humming and now it's getting annoying . 
wishes he'd been able to sleep . 
is gonna break something if he keeps watching 4PlayerPodcast videos . Oh gawd . 
Why I think the character in Portal really was an android and not a woman : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIHXEl0SAec 
thinks it will be Fire Emblem : Shadow Dragon that finally gives him an aneurysm . 
doesn't really feel like going to the actual boonies for Christmas . 
just finished Assassin's Creed 2 . No spoilers , but the Catholic Church would be angry with me . When is AC3 coming out ? 
Gah , stupid Facebook app . Sorry to everyone that just got spammed . Seriously , why do people make fail apps ? 
is really going home this time . Blah . How many times will I mutter the F-word at Fire Emblem ? We'll see . 
http://wilstar.com/xmas/xmassymb.htm 
finished chapter 1 of Dead Space and didn't poop . 
saw a WWF commercial and now hates polar bears . 
is still impressed that it is December 28 , 2009 , and we , as a society , went through the entire decade without giving it a name . 70s , 80s , 90s ... and \since 2000 \"." 
just read a Dead Space FAQ that said it was a second-person shooter . I guess that means < PROPMALE > is playing me now ? 
is pulling a double-shift at the station tonight . After Work Drive from 5 to 7 , followed by Decades Past from 7 to 10 . Listen in at wljs92j.com . 
did not eat at IHOP tonight . 
just wants to skip the < PROPFEMALE > chapters . 
feels like da poop today . 
doesn't even know which Police Academy he's watching . Maybe the first one ? 
FFVIII : Just beat it and move on , or go for the total knock out ? Decisions . 
just beat FFVIII with a little wholesale smackdown . 
is ( supposedly ) going to try to do some more writing in 2011 . If anyone wants to help out by reading what will be some awful rough drafts , I could use a few people . 
still can't feel most of his taste buds . Never make potato soup if you're in a hurry , kids . 
Idiocracy is on . You should watch it . It's what plants crave . 
just beat Borderlands . The end theme ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WzwRonwUFA 
comes from the land of the ice and snow . Whoa oh ohhhhhh oh . 
registered and got into Film Noir . Face ! 
is kinda excited about going to Film Noir in the morning . 
is installing Little BigPlanet . Let's hope it's as awesome as * everyone * has said it is . 
is trying to get ready for chemistry . Let's hope it goes better this time around . 
is getting ready for the National Championship game ! Haha , just kidding . It's gonna be LittleBigPlanet . 
just played the most epic LittleBigPlanet level ever . 
The Dark Void demo seems pretty cool . It's kind of hard to think in so many dimensions wihle flying . 
needs some screen wipes . 
is playing Fallout 3 . 
< PROPFIRST > Robertson - just die already . 
had a heckuva fun time tonight . 
' s car is making a fun new noise ( and smell) ! 
just had the greatest Fallout 3 kill ever . 
just realized that the term \home-home\ " only applies to college students . " 
has been more okay with a lot of things this week . 
thinks Facebook needs a Favorite Video Games tab on the profiles . 
' s MLK Day ran a bit long . Better luck tomorrow . 
' s car works again . 
thought PS3's Zombie Apocalypse would be a lot like Left 4 Dead . It was not . Still kind of entertaining though . 
wishes today could be another lazy day . 
got an HD TV . Now PS3 games finally look better than PS2 games . 
Dear video game industry : At least make a handful of turn-based RPGs . 
is liking Uncharted . 
found the jet ski level . 
can study for his Chemistry test on Thursday , get ready for Spanish tomorrow , start working on a project for Contemporary American History , or maybe go to bed at a decent hour . Or there's Fallout 3 . 
just finished < PROPFEMALE > Arcade Adventures : On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness , Episode 1 . There were mimes . There were hobos . There were fruit ... um ... loving robots . 
' s celebrity doppelganger is < PROPFIRST > Jennings . 
made a 73 on his first chemistry test . Eat it atoms ! 
is gonna need a few more buttons to go dead on his phone . Going for the whole set , apparently . 
Dear 2K Games : Please don't pull a Bungie and wreck a game for the sake of multiplayer . 
feels like he caught the Menlo . 
almost wishes he cared about football . Nope , still not the case . 
wishes he could remember characters ' names from movies . 
If you have a flaming pizza and a toilet nearby , I know a guy that can take care of that for you . 
needs to invest in a comfortable chair . 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centralia,_PA I wonder if this place has Pyramid-headed demons and air raid sirens . 
No one gets as mad over winning a game as Parris does . 
The pickle just needs another 600,000 fans . 
Dear Weather : We had an agreement . We'll discuss this when I get out of class . 
BEEEEEES ! Oh , wait ... SNOOOOOW ! 
has felt better before . 
is looking forward to Heavy Rain , but wonders if it'll be as bizarre as Indigo Prophecy . 
doesn't feel like going to class . Bleh . 
\It was the size of a small cat . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
doesn't know why he's slipping . 
doesn't know why his FB chat keeps bugging out . 
thinks today feels better already . 
is playing Heavy Rain . Let's see how this goes . 
wants to swap one class with Swords . Giggity . 
cringed a few times playing Heavy Rain . Somewhere around halfway through it now . 
wasted the radio station's time but had a pretty epic co-hosting ... thing . 
just finished Heavy Rain . What a tweest ! 
had every intention of doing some homework , but OWL crashed . 
had fun with the cohost , the cohort , and mi esposa . 
is trying to decide if he's \snowed in\ " or not . Surely there's some ice somewhere on the roads around here . " 
shouldn't be skipping class right now , but felt cheated by the weather . 
has gone 2 for 2 on good days . Hoping to make it 3 . 
had some pretty hardcore insomnia last night . Still trying to start the day . 
was largely unimpressed with today . Oh well , 2 outta 3 ain't bad . 
just beat Borderlands on playthrough 2 . Still ain't no heaven on the county road . 
wants to get all of the Borderland DLCs right now , but knows that FFXIII is coming out on Tuesday . 
can only do homework to a certain point before the will to goof off takes over . 
ended the week with 2 out of 5 . It wasn't necessarily a bad week , just one that could have been better . 
is ... bored ? Yeah , that sounds about right . 
is 5 trophies away from platinum in Borderlands now . 
needs to process things to a point of understandingness . 
remembered SimCity 2000 being a much better game . 
Reserved , Introspective , Discreet , Prudent , Aesthetic , Creative , Loose , Original , Solitary , and Unsettled . 
is trying not to pee on himself in anticipation for Final Fantasy 13 . Maybe the lines won't be too long tonight . 
is radioing right now . Listen in at wljs92j.com . Win our pizza . 
is playing Final Fantasy XIII . Time to catch up to < PROPFIRST > . 
' s only real complaint with FF13 so far is that the camera controls can feel a little sluggish at times . Otherwise , it's been pretty swell . 
thinks more fros should have baby chocobos in them . 
is hoping for a shpadoinkle day . 
is making this his 6th FFXIII-related status . Things will return to normal soon . 
wishes sometimes that dreams would leave dead memories buried . 
didn't even expect a whole lot of effort , maybe just a little interest . Time to stop flogging a dead horse . 
does kinda resent having chem homework due over spring break . 
just wants to be met halfway . 
doesn't know how he feels about the ads that Facebook keeps suggesting . 
The woman on the Brinks Home Security commercial has now gone from saying that her ex-boyfriend tried to break into her house to saying that he's now a spy . Is she a secret agent now ? 
Facebook just said I should become a fan of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > because I'm a fan of Oreos . I'm not even making that up . 
doesn't even know what's going on any more . 
is off to the dentist . 
needs to floss more . 
could have done without today . 
thinks today pretty much sucked . 
realized the true potential of his computer ... as a TV . 
hopes to have better luck next time , whenever that may be . 
saw some people get served tonight ... by Spider-Man ! 
\Any word you have to hunt for in a thesaurus is the wrong word . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
is gonna go take an MFAT . 
didn't live up to his expectations on the MFAT/ACAT . Note to self : Don't be overconfident when checking boxes about things you think you know . 
is bored . Looks like this is gonna be naptime . 
is awake again . Bleh . 
wishes things had gone differently . 
\Every hot girl who can aim a camera thinks she's a photographer . \ " - Stewie Griffin " 
loves Stone Center . Boom de yada , boom de yada . 
can appreciate that it's April Fools ' Day and all , but is kinda let down that Adult Swim is willing to take a hit to their ratings over it . 
is being stubborn again . 
will believe anything < PROPFIRST > Jennings says . 
< PROPFIRST > Posehn on Comedy Central . Go there . 
thought Clash of the Titans was good , but unnecessarily 3-D . 
now has allergies . 
' s sinuses are now full of plant-lovin ' . 
Indeed . 
is gonna go eat a ton of sushi . It comes in that amount if you know where to look . 
Objection ! 
has 3 weeks left as a student . It feels weird . 
just blew off too many hours that could have been spent doing chemistry homework . 
didn't finish the chem homework , but thinks everything is gonna be o-tay . 
just needs to keep a 67 average on these next two chemistry tests . At least it's doable . 
is glad he got to stay on the less-lonely side of the bridge burning . 
likes that sometimes it just takes a small thing to turn an otherwise long day around . 
is feeling almost halfway confident about this chemistry test . Now if I just felt 67% confident about it . 
' s chemistry final may have effectively become his graduation exam . 
is decidedly uncomfortable and about to Google \how to tie a tie . \"" 
pretty much had an amazing time tonight . 
is thinking about just going for it . 
was less productive today than he'd hoped to be . 
finished subchapter 1 . Should have been studying , but the progress still feels nice . 
hopes this chemistry test is comprised mainly of PV = nRT . 
just saw that a lot of the past-due OWL homework got reactivated . Let's see how this goes . 
can now pass chemistry with a 60 on the final . 
sometimes does wonder if Nobuo Uematsu , Demetri < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > will be the only composer , philosopher , and writer anyone remembers 500 years from now . 
is getting ready for that chemistry test . Voy a vomitar . 
thinks he just took about 87 steps backwards . 
just realized he has the same birthday as Lovecraft . Spooky . 
just saw what is probably the creepiest thing he has ever seen . 
reckons Swords's monkeys can pop a few balloons . 
tried . May still be trying . Who knows ? 
passed Chemistry 2 like a boss . Dr. Nichols ftw . 
finally did sit down and beat Final Fantasy 13 . Good times . 
\The Sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick . \ " Record-holder for world's hardest tongue twister . " 
just finished the first edition of Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney . It was pretty freakin great . 
is back to playing some LittleBigPlanet . 
definitely just bought a cap and gown . 
feels cheated by the Heavy Rain DLC . 15 minutes ? Really ? 
has to be at graduation rehearsal at 8:15 in the morning . Jeebus ! 
is goofing off at the radio station with Chucko . Listen in at wljs919fm.ning.com . We're gonna be ad-libbing this until 1 . 
is gonna make some graduation happen . 
likes nothing more than the sounds of Call of Duty blasting out of the living room at 6:30 in the morning . 
is going to have a half-tan after that graduation rehearsal . 
gradumicated . 
feels like Rip < PROPFIRST > Winkle today . 
FWOOMP ! 
just watched \Poultrygeist : Night of the Chicken Dead . \ " Movies are all uphill from here on out now ! " 
is playing some Rock Band 2 with Chuck-o . 
is about to go grab some food in a little while . 
is moving to Thursday nights . 
wants to get some Drank sometime . 
had a great day jam-packed with pizzas , bandit killing , game show pedophiles , the musical stylings of blues singer Splashy Waterfalls , and schizophrenic ventriloquists . 
just finished Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney - Justice For All . < PROPMALE > Edgeworth is still a boss . 
is looking for a direction . 
is gonna go eat ... somewhere . 
isn't speaking some sort of riddle when he says he doesn't like having dogs in the house . 
thought North Korea's Iron Man prototype was the best . 
is bored . 
is going to ... Zaxby's and Gamestop ? Sounds good . 
picked up a copy of Might and Magic : Clash of Heroes for the DS . Let's see if the guys at 4playerpodcast were right . 
doesn't know anything about the story or gameplay , but wants to play Just Cause 2 to see the 400 sq . mi . environment . Then again , Elder Scrolls 2 apparently has over 62,000 sq . mi . 
is disappointed that UbiSoft is adding multiplayer to the next Assassin's Creed game . 
thinks the Borderlands servers are fail tonight . 
hates when the only options a program gives you are \Quit\ " and \ " Cancel . \"" 
just searched for the sun on Google Earth . It showed a location , but there was nothing there . We might be in trouble in 8 minutes . 
is heading to Jacksonville for ... something . I don't know yet . 
is going to go deliver a resume tomorrow morning . Argh , nerves . 
just saw a site that said it would take 507 cans of Dr Pepper to kill me . I have reason to believe it is far fewer than that . 
has stuff at the beginning of the day and the end of the day , but there's nothing in the middle . 
ran out of steam and is now very sleepy indeed . 
just saw a Tweet that Westboro Baptist Church is coming to protest a military funeral in Jacksonville , but I couldn't find any info about it . I hope it's not the case , but can anyone confirm/deny ? 
has a mental mini-party every time he takes a personality test and the result is INFP . 
' s kinda bored . 
need some coffee so I'm drive home . 
Hug it , chug it , FOOTBAAALLLLLL !!! ALL NIGHT ! 
still hates that there is a dog in the house . 
finished Might and Magic : Clash of Heroes on the DS . 38:25 . 
is downloading Portal for free . Thank you Steam . 
is bored ... and hungry ... bungry . 
is worse at Pac-Man than you are . Promise . 
isn't familiar with the type of thing he's seeing on Comedy Central . 
just finished up Phoenix Wright : Trials and Tribulations . Another brilliant game . Bring on part 4 ! Wait , Apollo Justice ? Wha ? 
forgot that playing Borderlands ( or maybe any game ? ) pauses background downloads on the PS3 . 
has had a pretty great day so far . 
just saw that the Internet is expected to run out of IP addresses in September 2011 . Time to stock up on bread , milk , and shotguns . 
is going to give GTA4 another try . Maybe it'll feel better on the PS3 . 
had a great time bringing game shows to Huddle House tonight . 
doesn't know what to do today . Blehhh . 
Dear Gadsden State : I understand the importance of it , but it is creepy to hear that you guys are now advertising human cadaver dissection . 
is starting to feel the itch to play FFIX again . 
is playing Final Fantasy 1 again , probably out of self-loathing . 
is about to get his daily recommended value of caffeine , cheese , and grease . 
NEW EPISODES OF FUTURAMA JUNE 24 OMIGAH OMIGAH ROBBLE ROBBLE ROBBLE 
is booored . 
found $60 in his pants pocket ... BEFORE doing laundry ( turns out that part is important ) . 
Dear brain : I wasn't done sleeping . Thanks a lot . 
has had a good day so far . 
traded in a bunch of games for Just Cause 2 . 
is amazed he can even get around without a grappling hook and a parachute . 
wishes that his house had better phone reception and that EnV2's weren't generally terrible . 
66th anniversary of 6/6 ? I think it is . 
saw the atrocities that < PROPMALE > would have committed in the Old West . 
just woke up from what appears to have been a coma . 
just finished Just Cause 2 . Storyline was a little sketchy , but it was a fun enough game where I'm going to look the other way on that one just this once . 
just read that the Google Pac-Man logo cost the world $ 120,000,000 in wasted time that day . Epic . 
has had a slow day , but a good < PROPFEMALE > . 
just watched a video about the Virtual Boy . I played mine until the batteries went dead and never bothered replacing them . 
is already looking forward to making some radio happen tomorrow night . 
is about to go make some radio magic with < PROPMALE > . 
thinks that eating is apparently harder than it looks . Somehow ended up with Vault sauce on my socks . 
just finished up the Apollo Justice game . It was great and all , but it could have used some Edgeworth . 
thinks it's gonna be a slow day . 
likes talking to Dad , but hates calling home . 
feels like he returned to civilization . 
is filling in for the < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > at 92J ! Listen in . Or come by , either or . 
got to some goombas actually one time . It was nice . 
read an article that said that , even if the LHC does produce a black hole , it will take 3 trillion years to reach a mass of 1 kilogram . Even so , we should all still be panicking . 
is feeling some lunch . 
has a deep hatred of red flags . Not the soccer ones , just in general . 
hates insomnia . 
is watching some E3 . 
is looking forward to new installments in the Parasite < PROPFEMALE > and Front Mission series . 
is watching the epicness that is The Langoliers . 
\Time flies like an arrow ; fruit flies like a banana . \"" 
\We have figured out how to travel through time at the speed of regular time ... with plastic bags . \ " - < PROPMALE > Explosion " 
had underestimated the power of reading sentences that have no context . 
thinks it's funny to read through group comments and see that people are still doing the chain letter thing . Bloody < PROPFIRST > hasn't killed me yet . Yet . 
played the Monkey Island demo last night and now\ 
really wants to check out Maniac Mansion : Day of the Tentacle . Too bad \ 
it came out in 1993 and there are no living copies/flash versions out \ 
now . 
got Day of the Tentacle working . 
PYEEEWWW ! 
got another 3 hour night of sleep again . Thanks insomnia ! 
' s phone is the dead . 
' s phone lives again . 
is watching the new episode of Futurama . You should too . 
rarely drives steamboats . 
is thinking about hooking up the ol ' PS2 again . 
is gonna go grab some hot dogs while that's still an option . 
is surprised to see the History Channel showing Mayan experts talking about any kind of credibility to the 2012 doomsday . 
is glad to see that Comedy Central isn't replaying the new episodes of Futurama to death ... yet . 
is kinda let down that the Parasite < PROPFEMALE > sequel is only going to be on handhelds and not consoles . 
went to bed and woke up at a decent hour . This is weird . 
feels cooped-up today . 
is pretty sure he just swam home . 
Even in 2010 , female Russian spies are still hot . 
\And I would have gotten away with it too if it weren't for you meddling prosecutors . \"" 
never really thought he'd want to buy a notebook after graduating . 
is still processing how excited he may or may not be over the possibility of Sega Saturn and Dreamcast titles coming to PlayStation Network and XBox Live Arcade . 
is gonna watch some Futurama . 
is gonna watch some fireworks happen tonight . 
saw what $1800 in fireworks can do tonight . 
is watching Rowdy Roddy < PROPFEMALE > trying to convince some guy to put on sunglasses . It ain't workin ' . 
speaks English in What . 
appreciates that Square was able to make Advent Children without jerking the camera around anytime anyone threw a punch . 
feels hermit-ish today . 
misses good hot dogs . 
Dear SimCity 5 : You should exist . 
is kind of let down that the Carell Corral doesn't actually exist . 
really is starting to think it might be something more complicated than insomnia . 
is going to grab a shower and will hopefully get out of the house for a little bit after . 
found his old copy of Final Fantasy VII last night . Must ... finish ... other games ... first ... gahh ... 
started Act IX on ProgressQuest . 
You know you've been gone too long when people start opening up new restaurants in Dutton . 
is still weirded out by commercials where colleges advertise \hands-on cadaver dissection . \"" 
had forgotten that Tifa had ever called Barret a retard . 
TMZ has an article up now that says that < PROPFIRST > Hayward still goes to restaurants and eats things . What a monster ! rabblerabblerabble 
Look up the lyrics to Alanis Morisette's \Ironic . \ " Replace every misused instance of the word \ " ironic\ " with a misused instance of the word \ " random . \ " Does it look like your news feed ? " 
just watched a video of Ralphie May as < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Smith . It was ... something . 
had a good weekend . 
is looking into EA/Maxis's Darkspore . Hopefully they're taking what was a good idea and running it into a less dead-end direction . 
\Mobile phones are the carbon dating of television shows . \ " - < PROPMALE > Gaffigan " 
is playing as himself in The Sims 3 . Brilliant , yes , brilliant . 
just checked out some sort of automated writing analysis ... bot . Different samples said I write like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Brown , and < PROPFEMALE > Atwood . I've only read < PROPMALE > . 
hates Phantom Space-Man . 
misses how great Tuesdays used to be . 
is glad that there was a < PROPMALE > episode with Hermes . 
\Never dance with a girl whose brothers have knife scars . \ " -Mat Cauthon " 
hopes < PROPFIRST > Sanderson figures out that \but\ " can sometimes be used as a conjunction . " 
is going to play some Final Fantasy VII , maybe do some more writing (!) in a little while . 
is driving a spork into his leg . Hilarious ! 
is going to get some writing done . Maybe some revisions too . Sigh . Maybe those can wait . 
gets annoyed when people start arguing for the sake of arguing . 
One Facebook ad asks if I'm a Final Fantasy fan and then suggests that I watch Top Shot on the History Channel tomorrow . Those are related . 
thought < PROPMALE>'s voice from Adventure Time sounded familiar , and it turns out it's the same guy that does Bender's voice . 
I need to go to a Comic-Con . < PROPFIRST > Sanderson said < PROPFEMALE > Munn was there handing out suckers . 
is kind of excited to see a new Resident Evil movie , but is not excited that it's in 3-D . 
just finished The Gathering Storm . It was nice reading a Wheel of Time book that didn't have < PROPFEMALE > crammed onto 3 out of 4 pages . 
is over halfway done to finishing the first story he's attempted to write in a while . It's grim , but I'm at least decently happy with the way things are turning out . 
9848 words . I'm not looking forward to the editing . 
never really understood why the second Cait Sith had a southern accent or felt the need to introduce himself . 
might have caught the ' beetus from that last batch of Kool-Aid . 
has started editing and is coming to hate the words \just\ " and \ " still . \"" 
was supposed to have been getting ready to read the Discworld series at some point , but is suddenly more interested in the Ringworld series . Strange how that works . 
60% done with the first edit now . 
72% . 
is done with the first edit . There are probably still two more to do , though . 
No one can use Twitter because there are too many people using it . 
The year 50,000,000 will be a good one . 
Why is Leela saying she doesn't have a man all of the sudden ? 
fixed his computer without having to run crying to JR . A new personal best ! 
never knew just how many subgenres there were in Sci-Fi/Fantasy . 
scribbled down some more story notes and hopes to be able to read them later . 
knows more about motorcycles than he knew this time yesterday . It wasn't a high < PROPFIRST > to start with , but there was a lot of progress . 
can spend all day looking up 2012 videos on YouTube and reading the quality material that makes up the comments . 
can't wait to devour that cake's brains . Braaaiiinnnsss . 
had a pretty spiffy time tonight . 
had a good birthday . Thanks all around to everyone involved . 
@ < PROPFIRST > Joyce : WTF 
Another story edit ? Sure , why not ? 
Fortune cookie : An interesting medical opportunity is in your new future . \ 
Sometimes playing the game is terrifying . 
is surprised at how much people can talk without pausing to breathe . 
\Dungeons ! Chambers ! Evil creatures ! Treasure chests ! Doorways ! Traps ! I'm in my element ! \ " -Finn " 
is getting ready to go get yelled at for not flossing enough . 
The dentist let me keep my teeth . 
Hey , you guys remember that time Duddits was an alien ? 
is finally experimenting with Pandora . 
If the < PROPFEMALE > was as close to the Earth as it is in every science show's CGI simulation , we'd be in trouble . 
has a job interview tomorrow . Fingers crossed . 
The more notes I make on this sci-fi/horror story I'm planning , the funnier the story becomes . Not sure how I feel about that . 
needs henchmen so that they can be more blunt about things . 
learned that toboggan ( as a hat ) is a Southern word for it . What are they supposed to be called ? 
can never get past the D in D.E.N.N.I.S. 
www.wordsplay.net\ 
There you go , English people . Knock yourselves out . 
is excited about the new < PROPFIRST > Sanderson series , eagerly awaiting a paperback release . 
is putting the writing progress bar back up . The story is going to be as long as it takes ( so above or below the goal ) , but I'm tentatively aiming at 85000 words . So here goes : 18356/85000 - 21.6% 
Okay guys , it's 9/02/10 . I never watched that show , but maybe you know some way to celebrate . 
is going to head down to the radio station for some Chuck-assisted on-air goofing-off . 
had his jaw clenched for a disproportionate amount of time today . 
found the real < PROPFIRST > Busey's Twitter account . It's surprisingly upbeat and inspiring compared to the other one ( which is hilarious ) . 
misses Nerd Night . 
It doesn't feel like a day off without a day on . 
should read on the porch more often . 
is trying to decide which book to read next . < PROPMALE > Cornwell's \Pale Horseman\ " ( Book 2 of The Saxon Tales ) was pretty good . " 
is re-reading this Ramsey Campbell book . I only got halfway through it the first time before distraction took over , but it's incredibly well-written . 
\So you want to procreate with < PROPFEMALE > Rabbit ? \ " -From the Files of Smart Girls Asking Easy Questions " 
This . A thousand times this . \ 
\ 
http://reallifecomics.com/archive/100908.html 
can name that tune in . . . ZERO notes ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is surprisingly chipper and optimistic . I always thought he'd be a lot more like < PROPFIRST > . 
just got done making some epic radio . I hope I never have to say \urination\ " again . " 
feels bad for being entertained by \Hoarders . \"" 
2241 . 
The more I use Twitter , the more I start to look at Facebook as a B-side and not the other way around . 
hates being so damn stubborn sometimes . 
MySpace Instant Messenger , why do you still exist on my computer ? 
It's good to know that fall is gonna start at 94 degrees . 
Sweet goodness , Minecraft should not look like that much fun . 
takes a deep breath . 
had a really great time at the reunion on Saturday . Would have said something sooner than this , but there's no internet at home . 
Oh , hard drive , why must you be so fragmented ? 
doesn't really know who Snooki is , but questions her ability to write a book ( or read one ) . 
< PROPMALE > Giraldo , dead ? Now who are we going to remember for not really doing anything at the Comedy Central roasts ? 
All right , let's get this day started . 
is kinda thinking Mata's ... Hmm ... 
did some writing and is trying to remind himself that he doesn't have to knock it out of the park on a rough draft . 4911 . 5.78% 
http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2010/10/4/\ 
I can't remember who has played what games , so this is for everyone . 
apparently feels a deep need to solve word puzzles . 
I hate when I find a singer with an amazing song , then can't find anything else from them that I like . 
enjoyed getting to waste gas on nothing tonight . 
The new Snickers commercial might be the most horrifying thing I've seen in several months . 
The History Channel has a lot of good shows , but many of those make me wonder why they're on the History Channel . 
likes being able to fix his computer without having to run crying to computer science < PROPMALE > friends , even if it does feel like slapping duct tape on everything . 
is thinking about starting some Minecraft megaprojects . 
should probably have dialed back on the crushed red pepper . 
isn't necessarily claustrophobic , but couldn't make it for 10 weeks in a cave . 
Gran Turismo 5 delayed yet again . This might be the first launch title held over to the next generation of consoles at this rate . 
Man , < PROPFIRST > Rowe makes being a college graduate in Alabama sound depressing . 
is going home for the weekend and probably a little more than that . 
is going to make some radio magic with Combat < PROPMALE > in a few minutes . Listen live at ... I forgot the website . Google WLJS and start clickin ' . 
found his copy of Scribblenauts . Time for some pterodactyl on t-bone steak action . 
The coolest webcomic character name shall forever be Beartato . 
In addition to it being No-Shave November , next month is also National Novel Writing Month . You don't even have to finish it , but it's a good motivation to start writing if you've been thinking about it . There's a Facebook < PROPFEMALE > called NaNoWriMo . Check it out . 
' s least favorite word : ciabatta . 
accidentally walked into the Mothership Zeta expansion . Oops . 
Eversion : Not suitable for children or those of a nervous disposition . <---- Actual Disclaimer 
Mighty foot engaged . 
About a week too early , a fan is already waiting in line at the BYU bookstore for the release of Towers of Midnight . I hope he took a shower first . 
' s phone has apparently been off for the last 4 hours . Sorry to all the awesome people who tried texting me . 
The new Minecraft patch has more trees than you can ever imagine . 
fixed his computer ! With the help of JR , Kalan , and about 4 hours on Google ! 
\Only Notch gets a score . Everyone else just fails for dying . \ " -YouTube user commenting on a Minecraft video from Notch " 
More things should be as awesome as Steam . 
NaNoWriMo is upon us . 50000 words by December , go ! 
might like FPS's on PC after all . But , no . No . 2000 words today . 1 . 2 . 3 . Achieve ! 
Midterm election campaigns have been going on for so long that I've been tuning out everything since about August . What are we voting on again ? Something about a public pool ? 
Towers of Midnight is the Sasquatch of novels . 
is starting to hate his house . 
just watched an 8-minute gameplay commentary video of a guy offering advice on women while playing CoD . It was weird listening to what he said while watching him blow people away in game . 
finally checked out the Civ5 demo . Now wish I had $50 . 
went back in time 1 hour , falling well short of his goal of 1955 . 
might be one step closer to making some Let's Play videos . 
is tired of cold showers . 
Fallout 3 would be a much better game if it didn't freeze every 30 seconds or so . 
gave up and swapped to FFVIII . Every time I think back on the game , I am reminded that I always underestimate Rinoa's hotness . 
wonders what Phoenix Wright is doing right now . 
is oddly intrigued by the generically-named fantasy novel \The Questing Hero . \"" 
is watching Aliens on AMC and thinking about Dead Space . 
is finally catching a second wind . 
Shablagoo ! 
Cities XL 2011 : Does anyone have any thoughts on it ? ( It's a vidja game . ) 
desertbus.org Watch some guys raising money for Child Play . So much funnier to watch Bus Cam and Driver Cam side by side for some reason . Dunno why . 
is bored . Yup . 
Something about being home lately turns my stomach . Not a metaphor . Bluuuggghhh . 
is ready for No-Shave November to hurry up and end . 
is almost ready to acknowledge the start of the Christmas season . 
' s computer liiiiiives . 
is a creeper ( see photo ) . 
is surprised that Linux runs Minecraft better than Windows . 
' s profile picture is not from a childhood cartoon , but from one that is at least equally as awesome . Shmowzow ! 
is proud of Alabama's representation on IRT : Deadliest Roads . 
It's probably a bad sign that I'm already sleepy . 
saw that SquareEnix announced a Tomb Raider reboot , but has to wonder if they will keep the trademarked Terribad Camera Angles . 
is but a humble sharecropper , shipping spice back to the Old World . 
is gonna go put a panini in his face . 
The number thing seems like it could get out of control . Pass . I'm still caught up on having a cartoon profile pic . Don't abuse kids , folks . Unless if they need a belt in a checkout line . 
spilled soup on the bed . Yay for late night laundry ? 
Bandcamp.com is becoming one of my favorite sites . 
Nothing like waking up at 5:30 and texting a story idea to myself because I was too tired to look for my notebook . I'm just glad that message still makes sense . 
is slowly having his faith in music restored . 
ALBINO BRAIN CHIGGERS ! 
is sleepy , but it's not even daybreak yet . 
Telephones make people dumber . True story . 
just abbreviated Christmas as Xmas and can already feel the flames of hell . 
had a decent day at work , got off early , and a supervisor said I was doing my job well . I'll take it . 
Things get kind of sad when you realize you're sitting at and using your computer like < PROPFIRST > Hawking . Bleep blorp . 
is going to try out Minecraft in 3D mode . Vomit inc . 
had a good night tonight and whatnot . 
wants to play some Minecraft , but the beta release broke it in MacOSX and Linux . How much longer until the Swedish work day starts ? )': ! 
doesn't see how anyone can get by without mouthwash . Trip to Wal-Mart tomorrow , and not buying the cheap Equate stuff this time . 
is glad to have reclaimed his toboggan/knit hat/beanie/tuque . 
The more you enunciate while on the phone , the more that people call you ma'am . 
Steam Christmas discount sales are up ( and they are nutty ) . 
had fun stealing food ( and seeing people too ! ) at the radio station tonight . Mmm ... Pizza and chicken . 
could do without having to listen to a recitation of Fight Club followed by two hours of coughing while he's trying to sleep . 
worked for 4 hours , will get paid for 10 , and is getting ready for Festivus . 
Ooooh , New Vegas is up for $30 on Steam . What a week for me to be broke . 
hopes he'll be able to drive back home tonight . 
got 2 bags of < PROPFEMALE > at work today , but is gonna have to wait until tomorrow to go back home for a late Christmas . 
is gonna go to the research facility and grab Bahamut , maybe some level-grinding afterwards . 
is finally going home for Christmas . 
< PROPMALE > of the Mole Men might still have new episodes if they'd focused on the insanely hot chick instead of whatever the show was about . 
Upside to my job : If you want to leave , it's pretty easy to go home early . The downside : If you're new and they need people to leave early , you're it . 
With Bahamut now an ally , the party descends into the Battle Island Research Facility . 
often wonders if every movie was at least one person's favorite . 
really needs to find a way to do some streaming/commentary for FFVIII Disc 4 , but that would probably require a much longer HDMI cable . 
My Nether has more ghasts than yours . I promise . No . Really . 
Going back to FFVIII after a ragequit . 
is moving an inordinate amount of material around on his computer to get things back to normal . There is a planet 8 times the size of Earth in there . 
has a functional Windows on his computer again and just needs to update the audio and video drivers . Still , Linux hangs out . 
is looking forward to a few days of milk sandwiches . 
Driving home in the snow in a front-wheel drive V6 is far less fun that you'd imagine . 
left work and found that there was no snow , just a protective layer of ice plating that covered everything . 
tried out the VVVVVV demo and died 115 times in 14 minutes . 
The key to fixing Linux ? Just keep clicking \fix\ " until it works again . " 
My job has made me realize that I know next to nothing about Canadian geography . 
is gonna eat a panini if it kills him . 
is playing some WoW and listening to the new < PROPFIRST > Hinkle . 
finally looked into the zodiac thing . Turns out I'm even more of a < PROPFIRST > than I was before . 
' s car is ... ah ... functional (?) . 
should start cooking chicken sandwiches for 2 mins 30 secs instead of the full 3 mins . 
is going to aim for 78 today . 
When it rains , it pours . Then the volcanoes come . 
bets those last two slices of his pizza would have tasted amazing . 
is looking forward to L.A. Noire . 
Why doesn't < PROPFEMALE > Dr Pepper have a 24 on the bottle ? 
Yet again , the History Channel uses the Bible as a circle-a-word puzzle . 
Tosh . 0 would be funnier if it was just . 0 . 
feels pretty fantastic right now , 
saw today that his Blizzard authenticator was made in < PROPFEMALE > . NOOOOOO !!! 
doesn't know how he lost his keys between the front door and his room . 
Some channels put up amazing programming during the Super Bowl , others give up hope and put on whatever . Cartoon Network , you could have dazzled me with an Adventure Time marathon , but instead you went with the Oblongs . 
is off until Wednesday . 
is defragging and hoping to end the blue screens of death . 
updated 3 drivers and is now crossing his fingers . 
found out tonight that he's a fan of chicks with hairbands . So get to crackin ' . 
has actually been feeling pretty good about things lately . Bring it on , you normally soul-crushing holiday ! 
\I wanna see to it that no one goes through what I went through . Except for a female dolphin . \ " - < PROPMALE > Hill " 
Why can Comedy Central not crank out the Carrell Corral while Colbert is on vacation instead of showing the same rerun for 2 weeks ? 
had a blast tonight . 
actually had a pretty fantastic time at work tonight . 
Nearly 4000 comic strips later , I am caught up on Schlock Mercenary . 
is sick of blue screens and will probably take a few days off to explore Minecraft and cool down . 
The Adjustment Bureau comes out on March 4 ? I thought that came out like 2 years ago . 
is updating Ubuntu . I will be done with you yet , Windows . 
is using the internet on his own computer ! Barely . 
might (?) have solved the blue screen issue at the cost of some performance . Waiting to see how this works out , but it would still be better than rebooting every 10-15 minutes . 
cut it closer on that last paycheck than he thought . 
now has his computer entirely upgraded to Ubuntu 10.10 . 
To Catch a Predator Medieval Edition : Everyone Takes a Seat 
realized today that a part of him thinks of constitutional amendments as patch notes . 
' s computer has been running much better without that pesky Windows infestation cluttering up the hard drive . 
is awesome at Twitter . 
' s back has been hurting . Could use some professional back work from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > or a sloppier job from a semi-attractive girl . If you are a 10 , you can knee me in the kidneys . 
wants to play some Minecraft , but can't find out how to downgrade to Java 5 . 
' s Facebook spellchecker is British . Favorite ! Realize ! Color ! 
Whatever happened to me having to approve of joining a group before being dumped into one ? 
wasn't really paying attention , but I'm pretty sure I just heard a commercial for an antidepressant that had suicidal thoughts as a side effect . 
just saw the first Loreena McKennitt reference in years in a new FB group . And yes , she should do the opening song for The Hobbit . 
finally did some writing again tonight . It was only 1700 words , but maybe it will become a habit . 
was going to buy gas tomorrow , but barely had enough to make it home tonight . 
is a Twitter all-star on Fridays . 
hopes everyone got enough riboflavin last night . 
Agh ... 
is going to try to redo a few story edits this week . It's from one I lost a while back , but I'm hoping to see some serious progress by this time next week . 
found a pile of Yogscast podcasts . Looks like I'm not getting any sleep for the next few days . I AM < PROPMALE > ! YOGNAUT ! 
And since one 30 day challenge wasn't enough , I'm going to embark on the 30 Day Video Game Challenge as well ( which I think won't surprise anyone ) . \ 
Day 1 ! Your first video game . I probably fall into the same category as most gamers my age . It was Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . in 1988 or 1989 . The key is to run * under * Bowser , not to try jumping over him . 
30 Day Video Game Challenge . \ 
Day 2 : Your Favorite Character . \ 
I think my favorite character is still Squall Leonhart from Final Fantasy VIII , but I think he's going to be one I reconsider more the older I get . 
wishes people would keep it down at 4 in the morning . 
went to Baja Grill tonight and will always appreciate women in minidresses . 
30 Day Video Game Challenge -\ 
Day 3 : A game that is underrated . \ 
Legaia 2 : Duel Saga , published by the Fresh Arts division of Eidos . A lot of people have never heard of this JRPG nugget , but it truly is one of the best games that I've ever played . 
sent out a few copies of a re-edited story from last year for some feedback . If you're interested and have some time to read and get some information to me before the weekend is out , message me with your e-mail address and I'll send you a copy . 
I read through some of my old Tweets and found this gem from November 16 - Virtual Boy : Imagine holding a clumsy controller and sticking your face into a chamber of seizures . \ 
I don't want to be the guy that laughs at his own jokes , but something about \chamber of seizures\ " cracked me up . " 
found a colorblind application on Linux ! These things have names now ! 
is hopefully going to turn \Freya\ " in for ( semi-self-)publication tomorrow night or Monday . Agh ... nervous ! " 
is not comfortable with a product called the Baby Bullet . 
is off on April 16 and will get to go to < PROPFIRST > Holcombe's quincinera or whatever the f is going on . 
never knew there were so many Oz books . 
is trying out Chromium ( Google Chrome's predecessor ) . Maybe this will work out , or maybe I can find out why Firefox was having such a hard time . 
thinks he's done editing this story . 
< PROPMALE > would be much easier to find without all these striped dinosaurs . 
is off to get lost on the way and completely miss the entire wedding of < PROPFIRST > Jennings and < PROPFIRST > Holcombe . 
doesn't know what it means when he's more excited over the release of new PSOne Classics than most new games . 
is re-reading old tweets and trying to find one from November . Good times , good times . 
is gonna check out some Minecraft 1.5 . Weather ! Achievements ! Stuff with redstone I don't understand ! 
Also , is Skynet online yet ? 
is expecting a headache in the morning . 
doesn't care about stories he can hear through a closed door . 
Now seriously , try yawning and touch your tongue halfway through . It is bizarre . 
thinks it odd that the PSN died on THE VERY DAY he was going to download Front Mission 3 . 
lost his Minecraft world in the attempted Ubuntu upgrade , but starting over again is always kind of fun anyway . Just maybe not in the desert this time . Tundra ? Maybe . 
\Osama should never have used his real address on PSN . \ " -The YoGPoD " 
No , but seriously : toss the corpse in the NYC sewers ? 
is Mr. Tuesday . 
is mining coal and iron , gold , and what can be found . 
My phone is starting to look like a Silent Hill version of itself . 
has Steam semi-working now . Sound is kind of spotty on PvZ , but redownloading Portal now and gonna try out the Dwarfs !? demo . 
is gonna try out this new PSN . 
Spider spawner trap GET ! 
< PROPMALE > Macfarlane rebooting The Flintstones ? Pass . 
is playing Terraria ! In your face , Windows ! 
knocked out some more writing . I mean , it's bad at the moment , but that's what multiple drafts are for . 
is going to try some VVVVVV , followed by looking for something to smash . 
is going to download every free game this PlayStation Plus account has to offer . 
finally managed to get the free PS3 games . inFAMOUS is downloading now . 
EA , Y U NO SIMCITY5 ? 
NETFLIX Y U NO WORK ??? 
wrote a fever dream chapter at work . Much shorter than it seemed . To the edits ! One day ... 
just finished inFamous . Good game . Wanna play the sequel now . 
Just Cause 2 is 75% off on Steam today . Definitely worth the 5 bucks . 
Plants vs . Zombies $3.39 on Steam ! Worth it . 
I often wish I was a fan of Cowboy Bebop . 
needs things to do this week . 
is going to spend at least part of this week making Makera Gaming a real ( and hopefully constant ) thing . 
< PROPMALE > Potter universe magic : Doing things the hard way since 1997 . 
thinks Makera Gaming will start on . . . Sunday . 
is ready for Google+ . And will start calling it G+ , so get used to that . 
Peck peck . Peck peck . 
is on G+ now . 
spent entirely too much time on G+ today . 
Hoping G+ gets more populated soon . 
I should go to sleep . Or read for a few hours . Or finish watching the Hitchhiker's Guide miniseries . 
Another chapter rough draft done . 8 chapters and nearly 15000 words , so I'm around the 20% < PROPFIRST > . It is awful so far , but hopefully will shine after a few edits . 
Contrary to regular city pride , everyone will tell you they live within 3 minutes of the worst hospital on the planet . 
Facebook , stop breaking your site . 
16307 . 
Even after an obvious trolling attempt of their own chat , I guess Facebook Chat is still better than in G+ . 
? _ ? 
I am way behind on Real Life Comics . 
is watching the \Scott Tenorman Must Die\ " episode of South Park . One of the best ever . " 
You would think things might be quiet after 3 in the morning , but you'd be wrong . 
18012 . 
I just saw a commercial for an album set called High Voltage . Amazing music , and then I felt old . Music from my high school days shouldn't have the guy doing the voice over that did the Best of the 80s stuff when I was a teenager . 
( ? ° ? ° ?? Best face ever . 
For the ( maybe ) 2 of you that will get this : Has anyone ever seen the Slender Man and Israphel at the same place at the same time ? 
If you ever get a number to a foreign land , and it starts with a + , dial 011 instead . That is all . #themoreyouknow 
FF13 , your Eidolon battles are terribad . /ragequit 
21612 . 
I forget who asked , but the answer was Spotify . 
24103 . 
Sucks hearing about SEAL Team 6 , among others . 
25893 . 
Dear Regions drive-thru ATM in Lenlock : Whose arms do you think are that long ? 
The 96.2% of the people who read this will not have the guts to re-post this . When Goku died in the explosion with Cell , he thought of both you and me . If you are part of that 3.8% that doesn't feel ashamed to love Goku , repost this . Thank you Goku . I as well lifted up my arms when you asked for energy for the spirit bomb . 
29179 . 
31019 . 
Facebook could probably go on ahead and show me the other 3 online friends . The menu is already showing 5 offline ones . 
33784 . 
Lots of accidental alliteration lately . Hoping that's a good thing . 
35905 . 
If < PROPMALE > Whited ever sends you a video , just . . . Let it go . Let it go . 
I got to some goombas once one time . It was nice . 
wants to know what < PROPFIRST > Dobbins's role in this upcoming Elder Scrolls V: Skirum game is . 
38058 . That ... That's over halfway . 
Oh , today's < PROPFEMALE > Arcade , I do so love you . 
aged . 
Peck peck , peck peck . 
bought a Kindle tonight . The first thing I downloaded : the sample from \Freya . \ " I feel like I should be cringing less . " 
Downloading public domain books feels like cheating somehow . Bring it on < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Lovecraft , and Poe ! 
An earthquake hits in < PROPFEMALE > and people feel it in Toronto ? Yikes . 
Anniston drivers : Using your turn signal will not activate your car's self destruct sequence . 
My feet have been bitten by all the ants . 
40099 . 
? (????) 
42274 . 
44389 . 
48812 . 
51119 . 
53011 . 
finally feels less sick . 
54928 . 
56828 . 
And this is why I like G+ more . 
Also , Google+ is public now , it seems . Please don't wreck it . 
has 19 books to read . 
double-checked to make sure the phone < PROPMALE > payment went through this time . 
58303 . 
60267 . 
Step 1 : Read photo comments\ 
Step 2 : Find spoilers\ 
Step 3 : Hate life 
is gonna be playing some competitive Minecraft tomorrow . You nerd types should come watch . 
About to join in on Serious Creeper's Capture the Record 4 stream . The game should be starting soon . I'll be in as heronmarkedblade . \ 
http://twitch.tv/seriouscreeper 
played 7 hours of Minecraft with some awesome folks . 
It is below 40 degrees now . 
There should be an American Pickers/Hoarders crossover special . 
\Siren\ " is a little closer to done . I'm not sure why I always dread editing so much . " 
Well , Facebook took out the functional chat < PROPFEMALE > finally . Thanks , FB . 
61990 . 
I just now realized that WordPress didn't copy the < PROPFEMALE > breaks over with the \Siren\ " post . Sorry if that read a bit wonky . Wonkily ? " 
63909 . 
