is working late again today ... I am so ready for this project to be finished ..... grrrrr .... 

Is so happy it is finally thursday ... it has been a stressful couple of weeks .... but luckily my weekend starts at 4 today !!!! TGIT !! 
Doesn't want to be at work today .... not that I ever do ;) hopefully this week will fly by 
wow ..... 99 outside with a 115 heat index right now .... I guess I should have known it was going to be a hot one when it was 79 when I left for work this morning at 5:30 
gets to drive home in \severe\ " weather ... yippy " 
is feeling a bit stuffy today ... hope it is just allergies ! 
is plotting my drawings and calling it a week .... TGIT ! 
is hoping this is going to be an easy week .... and only 3 days !! woo hoo !! 
is heading to the house ..... only 2 more work days this week !!!!! 
is soaking wet after walking ( running ) from the parking lot to the building .... now I am listening to the thunder pop .... don't think the guys will be working today ! wish I got rain days too :) 
is about 9 hours away from a 6 day weekend !!!! Woo Hoo !!! 
... one sketch and description down .... one boundary survey to go ... hopefully this afternoon will go by quickly ! 
really hates the new alachua county property appraiser gis site ..... uuuggghhhhh .... 
just woke up from a little nap with 2 dogs laying on top of me ..... 
is relaxing with a cup of coffee ... no plans today ... woo hoo !!! 
just made a big pot of chicken and dumplings ... mmmmmmm .... 
is heading up to GA ... working on my vacation ! 
is back at work today :( but at least it is just a 2 day week !! 
has to archive the surver today .... busy work really sucks ! 
just got back from a nice lunch with < PROPFIRST > ! Now it is back to work :( 
stayed up way to late last night .... and has a LOT of work to get done today :( 
didn't get enough sleep due to the fact that the power went out last night for a couple hours for no good reason ?!?! A battery backup beeping at 1 am gets really annoying really quickly ! 
TGIT !! My boss is gone for the rest of the week ... so I am the boss today ! I think everyone should go home with pay ?!?! :) 
is waiting on some plots .... then to publix and then dropping off a survey at the county ..... and then home for the weekend !!! WOO HOO !! 
is at work with a headache .... uuuggghhh ... 
had some really strange dreams last night .... but at least today is Thursday !!! TGIT !!! 
is sipping on some coffee and planning the day with < PROPFIRST > ... man I love 4 day work weeks !!! 
is sitting here at work wishing i was still in bed !! 
started back on my morning workout today ..... 4:30 is too early to be up ! 
really needs to finish up this minor subdivision today so i can take tomorrow off !!! looking forward to another 4 day weekend ! 
is going to be starting my 4 day weekend in mere moments !!! Woo Hoo !!! 
is getting ready to head to gainesville ... drop off a survey , then errands . Hanging with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > tonight !! 
had to drive the jeep to work today , since my truck had a flat tire .... not starting out monday morning very well ! 
is happy to have my truck back today ... now lets hope tuesday is a little better than monday ! 
2 hours down ... 8 to go ... but today is going to go by slowly since I have nothing to work on :( Things are getting scary around here ! 
is thinking about taking the rest of the week off .... I just need to finish up a couple small projects first ..... 
just finished Uncharted !! Woo Hoo !! now I have to wait till october for Uncharted 2 
is at home for the rest of the week .... to bad it won't be a relaxing \vacation \"!" 
is heading up to GA in a couple hours .... can't believe my nephew is SIX today !!!?!?!?!? :) 
is back from GA , had a nice visit with my family ! Now I have to catch up on house work and get ready to go back to work tomorrow :( 
has so much work for the next couple of weeks ... I wish we could just get a steady project load , but I guess a lot of work is better than no work ! 
stayed up way past my bed time last night hanging out with < PROPFIRST > and drinking mojitos .... but at least it is friday for me !!! hope i get to sleep in tomorrow ! 
thinks mother nature is messing with me .... it was 61 this morning !!! but I am sure that is only temporary 
is so tired today .... is it bad that it is not even 7 yet and i already need a nap ?!? :) 
picked up the new professor layton yesterday and is really enjoying it , hope they don't wait another year and a half for to release the 3rd ! 
is thinking about going to see Colt Ford tomorrow night .... who else is in ?????? 
is heading up to lake city for the weekly errands .... 
had a nice ( busy ) weekend ... lets hope this week goes by quickly ! Only a few more days till GATOR FOOTBALL !!!!!!!! 
has a very busy thursday ahead of me , but I get to ride this afternoon to kick off my 4 day weekend !!! 
is getting ready for the game tomorrow night ... beer is on ice , meat is ready for the grill , now I just have to wait another 26 hours .... uuuggghhhh !!!! GO GATORS !!!!!!! 
Less than 7 hours till GATOR FOOTBALL !!!! 
it's been A HARD DAY'S NIGHT , and I've been working like a dog so I can pay the TAXMAN but you CAN'T BUY ME LOVE even if you work EIGHT DAYS A WEEK .... looks like I will be playing ROCKBAND BEATLES tonight WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS , WHILE MY GUITAR GENTLY WEEPS ! 
TGIT ! hopefully I can finalize this project today so I don't have to work tomorrow ! 
turned down 4 tickets to the gator game tomorrow .... what the hell is wrong with me ???? oh yeah ... noon games at the swamp SUCK ! 
stay classy Kanye ..... 
is at work ... the top of my desk is completely empty ... looks like today is going to be a BORING day ! 
still has nothing to work on ..... and the field crews were sent home again today ... might as well take tomorrow off ! 
9 more hours till the weekend ! New Grey's tonight !!!! 
is wondering if 6 am is too early to start drinking .... this project from hell just keeps getting better :( 
is so happy the weather is finally cooling off ! 53 this morning !!!!! <3 it ! 
is really hoping the reason tebow hasn't been cleared to play yet is just to screw with LSUs head ?!?! 
just loves \fall\ " in FL .... a nippy 78 at 5:30 this morning .... soooo yucky :( " 
' s copy of uncharted 2 has shipped !!! woo hoo ... I think I feel a sick day coming :) 
is so happy < PROPMALE > is hanging out with us while he is on leave from Afghanistan !! I think I will be leaving work early today so I can spend more time with him !!! 
has had a long week .... lake city mx tonight , suwannee tomorrow to celebrate my mom's birthday !! 
will be so happy when this awful project is done :( 
.... a hurricane in november ?? really ?? oh well , we need the rain ! 
was laughing my butt off this morning when < PROPFIRST>'s Girl came on the radio ... anyone who has been watching < PROPMALE > Springfield on Californication this season knows why :) 
has a < PROPMALE > headache from the guys working on the roof above my head all day :( 
10 more hours till 10 days off !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOO HOO !!!!!! 
is in complete shock !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
really wishes columbia county would grade our road !! 
final season of lost starts tonight .... woo hoo !! 
You have to do this ..... Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name . Copy and paste this as your status and put in the first entry for your name under comments ... 
saw the coolest shooting < PROPFEMALE > this morning on my way into gainesville .... it was a double ! thought they might land on the hood of my truck :) 
USA !!! USA !!! USA !!! WOOHOOO !!!!! 
forcast for today ... Heavy Rain !! ( but not until around 2 when the UPS man comes !!! ) 
is wondering if sony has fixed the y2k10 bug yet .... was hoping to play some heavy rain tonight , but am too scared to turn on the ps3 ! 
has been working way above my pay grade this week .... 
really wishes I worked in the field on days like this ... instead of behind a computer for 10 hours straight .... what a beautiful day in FL ! 
is wondering how I am going to watch the gator game tomorrow at noon ??? 
is supposed to hear back from the lawyer today with comments on the first < PROPFEMALE > survey I've ever signed .... a little worried LOL 
hmmm ... < PROPFEMALE > and a high of 77 ... sounds like a good day to lay by the pool and sip rum :) 
just saw an otter cross main street in gainesville as I was leaving work ! 
really chevy ?? a dead battery ( I hope ) at 36,001 < PROPMALE > .. I hope this isn't a sign for things to come .... At least the f150 made it to 48k < PROPMALE > and the titan made it to 43k < PROPMALE > before becoming scrap metal . Is it too much to ask for a truck to last longer than the < PROPFEMALE > period ?!?!?!? I see a tudra in my future ! 
went in for a new battery and left with a new truck .... what what ?!?!? 
STAMKOS !!!!!!!!!! scored with 12 seconds left in the season to tie crosby with 51 goals !!!!!!!! woo hoo !!! 
just got my hours cut back 20% .... after a 10% paycut a year and a half ago ! yay ! 
wishes Archer Road was as nice at 4:30 p.m. as it is at 4:30 a.m. ! 
so my 3 day week has turned into a 10 , two 11s , and an 8 and my 4 day weekend has turned into a 2 day weekend .... but I am definitely not complaining ! 
Dear Columbia County , It doesn't matter how much limerock you dump on top of a washout , until you divert the water the road is not fixed . Gravity is a bitch . That is all . 
11 more hours till a 5 day weekend !! woo hoo !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > skyward sword not out until 2011 ... boo nintendo :( 
knows times are tough when I am seriously considering comuting to Jax everyday for a job !!!!!!!!!!! 
facebooking fromthe kindle ... sweet ! 
thinks it might take a couple glasses of whiskey to kill this Hodges-glyphics induced headache ! 
@#$%% FATAL ERROR %$ ! *& ! oh how I loathe thee 
working 5 days this week .... SWEET !!! 
worked 38 hours in the last 3 days ... and the week is barely half way over :( \ 
\ 
at least my pay check is going to be nice :) 
53 hours in and my work week just keeps on going ...... 
at home on a tuesday :( hope we get some work in soon ! 
so .. I came within a couple inches of hitting a 6-point this morning on Bible Camp .... it is always fun to lock up your brakes on a < PROPFIRST > dirt road at 4:30 in the a.m. ! 
dear Columbia County , \ 
Moving my polling place from the north end of my neighborhood ( where I can ride my 4-wheeler and never get off the dirt road ) to 15 < PROPMALE > north on 441 is NOT actually \for my convenience\ " . \ 
is unemployed .... now what ? 
the house smells so good right now ... big pot of veggie and beef soup simmering , making me hungry !!! 
any of my surveyor friends know what hydro class I need to take to get my license in GA ? 
Love waking up to owls hooting and turkeys gobbling in the back yard ! 
hmmmm ... University of Alaska needs a survey professor ???? applied ! 
Sorry Jimmer :p 
Just got back from a bike ride to Ft . White ( 14 < PROPMALE > round trip ) . Ready for a good weekend 
