Happy New Year :) 

< PROPMALE > and I were the oldest and youngest people at the NYE party ... or as < PROPFEMALE > Wenzler put it , \You guys are an age sandwich ! \"" 
Eastbrook High School Retreat at Fort Wilderness ! 
Tenuousness less seven comes to three . 
is curious as to how , scientifically speaking , it is possible for her office to be -419 degrees as it is right now . 
dreamed of < PROPMALE > Gaffigan last night ... odd ... 
Really ? 
Spider Bite !! Maybe it was radioactive and I'll get cool powers ... 
is going to start wearing a parka to work . 
grooooooaaannnnn 
Coffee . Heavenly choirs in liquid form . 
is leaving work , Thank God . 
I can see for < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > 
wields her flyswatter without mercy . 
See a sea anemone the enemy see a sea anemone that'll be the end of me , that'll be the end of me . 
is apparently the only person who thinks this weather is AWESOME !! 
is being sustained by Popsicles alone . 
yay for crummy air conditioning ... my bedroom is 91 degrees . 
could really go for a Frosty . 
is traumatized by hold music from the 80's . 
Apparently < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > just died ... 
does not have anything melodramatic to say about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ... 
Subway , Eat Fresh . 
WEEKEND !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
a little bit like a lobster . 
is very grateful !! 
wishes < PROPFIRST > LaMontagne would sing her to sleep every night . 
needs a belt REALLY badly !! 
is so very blessed . :D 
It's a Bon Iver kind of a day . 
1st day of July -- 55 degrees . I hate you Wisconsin . 
Oatmeal makes me tired . 
has a sudden urge to watch The Phantom of the Opera . 
is riding a fast motorcycle ... if I'm not back in half an hour , call an ambulance . heh heh 
is house sitting . And within 5 minutes of arrival , was peed on by < PROPMALE > . Happy Independence Day !! 
LOVES fireworks !!!!! 
has done nothing today that required effort . And is very happy about that . 
* food coma * 
MIGRAINE !! But at least I'm signed up for classes . 
* Whistling the < PROPMALE > Griffith Show tune * 
this coffee tastes like toxic sludge . 
blahhhh very unmotivated . 
< PROPFEMALE > Michaels : 1 . Michelle : 0 . This is gonna hurt tomorrow . 
is going to bake a cake . Yum ( hopefully ) . 
... must ... get more ... sleep ... 
is chillaxin with Cat Stevens . 
is looking forward to tonight with her boo :) 
Yayyy birthday !!! 
had the best birthday EVER !!!!!! :D !!! 
is considering doing a facebook friend cleanse . 
Best 7 months of my life :) 
loves storms , just not when her car windows are left open . 
would rather be inside an exploding volcano than in her office right now . 
went to Lake Night and it was a blast !! :) 
just found out that her car is officially \dangerous to drive . \ " Awesome . " 
is writing this on her new MacBook ! Hooray !! 
Early bedtime ! * heavenly choirs * 
is gonna give this \sleep\ " thing another try ... after looking up some guitar chords and other nonsense . " 
is regretting her late night cleaning binge . 
should get more sleep before interacting with the human race . 
has a pretty extraordinary boyfriend . 
Eating snap peas , watching Pirates of the Caribbean , and updating my facebook status ... multitasking at its finest , ha . 
outsmarted a wiener dog ! YES !! 
needs new neck muscles . 
is getting mighty tired of all these headaches . 
is going to bed . 
has a creepy song by The Wiggles stuck in her head . 
The two Griffin Girls are a bit under the weather :( 
is packing first aid kits like a madwoman , then heading to BW3s for wings and drinks with the girls !! 
LAST DAY OF WORK !!!!!!!! 
is out in the wilderness . See you all in a week ! ( Unless I get eaten by a bear ) . 
will never again take toilet paper for granted . 
The Wilderness Trip was a juicy one . 
is listening to the thunder . 
First tuition payment due soon .... ouch . 
Cleaning , cleaning , cleaning . Throwing out lots of junk . 
could really go for some corn on the cob ! 
LAUGH ATTACK 
enjoyed her two brief days of unemployment . 
Back to your bridge you evil troll ! You have no powers here . 
Kopps with < PROPMALE > :) 
wishes her body would let her sleep in :( 
Shake Me Like A Monkey 
Best 8 months of my life :D 
had a perfect night ! Beautiful weather and awesome company :D 
Pad Thai from a box ... just not the same . 
got lost in the boonies of Oak Creek . Who invented that terrible place anyways . 
wonders how it is that she puts something down , and forgets where it is ONE SECOND LATER . 
Packing up my childhood makes me realize what a weirdo I was as a child . 
is wishing that there was actual breakfast food somewhere in her house . 
PLPWV ! 
This is war . 
Did that facebook ad just call me fat ? 
is heading up to Lambeau for the Packer game ! 
is packing . 
' s boyfriend was apparently a lumberjack in a past life ... 
Work . 
more cleaning and packing . Sigh . It will never end . 
Packing , massage , < PROPFEMALE > tasting , work . Very weird day . 
had a life-changingly wonderful massage . 
might go to bed at SOME point tonight ... 
is really wired . Thank you Starbucks . 
' s brain won't turn off . 
Why sleep when instead I can be a miserable insomniac ? 
Last night at home ever . Weird . 
MOVING DAY ! Annnd it's rainy with a high of 58 . FML . 
New apartment and new roommates , all awesome :) 
Thank you , Alterra , for your free wifi . I love you . 
loves grocery shopping , besides the whole \paying for it\ " part . " 
First day of school ... \yay . \"" 
Yay , weekend ! 
is tailgating and hitting the Brewers game ! 
ate more hamburgers this weekend than in the last 3 years combined . 
Curse you , < PROPFIRST > Catalanatto ! Your song is STILL stuck in my head !!! 
Seriously . Best boyfriend EVER . 
is eating soup and watching a movie . :) 
The lake may smell like a diaper , but it sure is pretty ! 
hopes that there is a swine flu outbreak in the next hour so she can skip class at 12:00 . 
Coram Deo 
remembers . 
9 months :) 
is having quite an unremarkable day . 
is apparently the only person who didn't get the memo about it being COLD out today . 
wishes the people next door would be QUIET !!!!! 
is off to < PROPMALE > for a beach workout ! 
is talkin ' it up , on the < PROPMALE > Gibbs Talk Show ... 
Aaaand ... Weekend ! 
Busy day ahead ! 
Cha-Cha-Cha-Charrrrrrrrrro ! 
is on a fruit fly killing spree . 
found Utopia , and it was called Woodmans . 
Mega Shark vs . Giant Octopus ! Now THIS is quality cinema . 
is trying very hard to wake up 
1 Corinthians 1:26 -31 
is making homemade apple sauce ! 
Hooray for me ... under 4 hours of sleep :( 
Well hello Weekend , how nice to see you ! 
went kayaking through 2 1/2 hours of downpour ... and it was awesome ! 
is feeling murderous toward her excessively boisterous neighbor and his excessively intoxicated friends . 
Cha Cha Cha Charrrrrro ! 
sond est mots qui bon tres bien ensemble , tres bien ensemble . 
1 fruit fly down , 47 billion more to go ! 
I can hear the wind howling , and I am alone . 
humility is difficult . 
Does anyone have a car/SUV/truck I could borrow Friday and Saturday to take a bunch of high schoolers to Iowa for spelunking ? :D 
has a Hiding Place . 
I Need Thee Every Hour 
is turning into quite the compulsive cleaner . 
doesn't have enough quarters to finish laundry :( 
Ugh , why am I AWAKE ????!! 
Kumato- a mix between a kumquat and a tomato . Cool , but ... why ? 
Hot apple cider+ Cat Stevens+ sunshine = ideal autumn day :) 
is spelunking in Iowa with the Eastbrook high schoolers ! 
is riddled with bruises and mud , but it was definitely worth it ! Cave diving with Eastbrook Highschoolers definitely makes my Top 10 of fun activities . 
To nap or to study , to nap or to study .... NAP . 
dropkicked her pride in the face ... and it felt GREAT ! 
doesn't usually care about the Packers ... but this is war . 
Why is it so hard to just GO TO BED ? 
It's Tuesday ? Really ? Cuz it definitely SEEMS like Monday ... 
I love fall :) 
would love to fall asleep if her neighbors would BE QUIET . 
and the terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day . :( 
Who cares about Nobel Peace Prizes ? < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are MARRIED !!! 
goodness , its a < PROPMALE > nippy out ! 
O sweet slumber , where are you hiding ? 
is sipping some Tranquil Dreams tea before hitting the hay . :) 
is building castles in the air . 
10 
Burned my arm in the oven :( It hurts . 
Apparently my upstairs neighbors are having a dance off in wooden clogs ... 
Leaving for school when it's still dark out is bad . Standing in the rain waiting for the bus is worse . Getting to class only to realize it's canceled is the worst . 
We keep talking about cake in class ... now I want cake . 
SPOOKTACULAR FRIDAY with the girls !!!! 
is apparently the pregnancy psychic . Scary . 
got to see her brother for the first time in a year and a half !! Happy day !!! 
Love always hopes . 
is down with the sickness . 
just coughed up both of her lungs . 
mucinex , hot shower , hot tea , Emergen-C , vaporub , tucked into bed with 100 layers , < PROPFEMALE > Bride . Am I missing anything ? 
Come on immune system , STEP IT UP !! 
is finally feeling quite a bit better after 10 glorious uninterrupted hours of sweet slumber . 
TO GO BACK TO OLD FACEBOOK STATUS UPDATES : On the top left menu , click on MORE . Then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top . After dragging to top , click on it . That becomes your default and it is like before . Pass it on . 
walked 10 blocks in the rain to pick up some stuff ... and forgot to get milk . 
loves her Life Group :) 
did it again- got up early , waited for the bus in the freezing cold .... and class is canceled . 
cannot stop coughing !!! 
Alright Wednesday , impress me . 
accomplished a lot today , and is now relaxing with a cup of homemade hot chocolate and a movie :) 
Sometimes there's so much beauty in the world I feel like I can't take it , like my heart's going to cave in . 
BOO ! 
I could be brown , I could be blue , I could be < PROPFEMALE > sky ... 
is content . 
is making homemade acorn squash soup ! 
Tuesday is my own personal Monday . 
It's kind of strange how we change orbit in our lives 
Stir fry from < PROPMALE > for breakfast ! 
is a domestic goddess . 
Time to eat breakfast AND pack a lunch ? What a lovely morning ! 
Remember , remember , the 5th of November ... 
Had a presentation and an exam right in a row , has been up since 4:30 am , time for a nap ! 
Ahhh that was a lovely Friday :) 
wishes the Grocery < PROPFEMALE > would come . 
I had a really good facebook status in my head earlier today , but now I've forgotten it ... 
' s downstairs neighbor is playing the < PROPFIRST > de Lune .... so lovely :) 
is going out for dinner with Auntie Cougar !! 
should probably be writing the paper that's due tomorrow .. but is watching a movie instead . 
, sadly , views life through the lens of possible facebook statuses . 
1 year ago I met the guy I'm crazy about :D 
is going on a date tonight :D 
... take every thought captive ... 
likes having a downstairs neighbor who plays piano ... but not so much when he's practicing scales for 45 minutes straight . 
loves her boyfriend :) 
is all set at Alterra with a < PROPFEMALE > flavored italian soda and a good playlist ... time to get this speech written ! 
Praise be to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , the Father of compassion and the God of all comfort , who comforts us in all our troubles ... 
So ... New < PROPFEMALE > . What's the consensus ? 
has bagpipes playing with her worship team this weekend- how cool is THAT ?? 
is in kind of a bad mood , and the tantrum-throwing child upstairs is not helping matters . 
is heading over to Auntie Cougar's to puppysit ! 
Oh my gosh it's snowing . 
is so very tired ... and yet tempted to watch a movie rather than sleep ... 
had a spectacular lunch of sushi and amazing conversation with her good friend < PROPFEMALE > Louw ! 
went to the moving pictures with her gentleman caller . 
Thanksgiving with the Mam Fam today ! 
So happy together ... :D 
is completely broke until further notice :/ 
December already ... I can't believe it . 
should probably get ready for class instead of having a dance party ... 
Rejoice not over me , O my enemy ; when I fall , I shall rise ; when I sit in darkness , the Lord will be a light to me . 
My help comes from the Lord , who made heaven and earth . He will not let your foot be moved ; he who keeps you will not slumber . 
is the proud owner of $4 . 
' s downstairs neighbor is pounding on the piano and singing opera ... WOW . 
is discouraged . 
Wow , thanks a lot , party of 12 , for your generous 9% tip . Thanks to you I will probably starve to death . 
is blessed beyond measure . :) 
suddenly remembered the 6 < PROPFEMALE > paper due tomorrow ... holy crap . 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > at 10:15 am ? Don't mind if I do ! 
No class for me today ! I think I will make some french fries in celebration . 
had a great time tonight with < PROPMALE > Rust , < PROPFIRST > M . Rust , < PROPFEMALE > Krueger , and < PROPFIRST > Krueger ! And has a belly full of yummy pork tenderloin and cake :) 
DESPISES this weather . Can't wait to go stand at the bus stop . 
loves having those loud , accidental solos at choir rehearsal . 
http://www.facebook.com/ChaseCommunityGiving - everyone go vote for Heritage Christian Schools ( Milwaukee , WI) !!! 
is celebrating ONE YEAR with the man she loves !! :D 
Dear Person On The Bus With The Black Plague : for the love of all things holy , cover your mouth !!! We sympathize , but we do not want to share your dismal fate . 
URGENT FACEBOOK UPDATE : As of today , Facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets . To turn this option off , go to Settings , then Privacy , then Meals . Click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of Facebook from eating your beloved children and pets . Copy this to your status to warn your friends ! 
Dear Extremely Annoying Loud Indian Men Next Door : I wish I had a cannon with which to blast a hole through the wall , through which to frown and shake my fist at you . 
Dear People Who Make Fun Of Me For Wearing Tights Under My Pants : I'm warmer than you . 
Dear Insomnia : PLEASE LEAVE ME ALONE !!! I am starting to look like Gollum ! 
wonders why her kitchen smells like a rotting carcass . 
slept until 1:15 today . Apparently I was tired . 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ! ... the day after . 
just discovered Yma Sumac . Wow , what a voice !! 
My building has the most terrifying fire alarm imaginable . I discovered this at 4:15 this morning ... a big high five to whoever burnt their pan of food . 
EVERYONE is pregnant ... must be something in the water . 
hates hates HATES insomnia . 
Listening to Nickel Creek and cleaning the apartment with Maja . Feels good :) 
just realized she hasn't eaten in 27 hours . Whoops . 
Our beautiful < PROPFEMALE > is gone . We love you and will miss you . 
... on earth as it is in heaven . 
has a plan : let's detonate some bombs placed strategically about the earth's core to change the planet's axis and make it summer forever in Wisconsin ! Who's with me ?? 
According to the bank , my last name is Hamerow ... nice . 
All things go , all things go 
is in a < PROPFEMALE > Austen kind of mood . * swoon * 
Oh the tangled web I weave ... when I don't brush my hair . 
cannot master quantum physics in two days . Who knew ? 
Textbook prices make me lose faith in mankind . 
It's Doppelgänger week . During this week please change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like and post this to your profile . 
I was at work and a song with a beat came on , so I saw < PROPFEMALE > across the restaurant and did a little dance for her ... but she didn't see me ... all the people eating in the restaurant did , though ... 
Is missing the Lost Season 6 Premiere tonight because of work ... and that is the sound of my heart breaking . :( 
I smell pickles ... 
Tortilla soup , roast potato wedges , and fresh bread ... all homemade ! Tis a good night . 
What the HECK Facebook ! Stop changing ! This is ridiculous ! 
feels a bit like a can of soda ! 
is out of black clothes for work ... No time to do laundry , No money to buy new ones ... maybe I'll just color in some shirts with a sharpie . 
I don't care who wins the Super Bowl , I'm just excited for the food . 
Must ... finish ... reading .... zzzzzz 
Oh . Shoot . The weekend's over . 
fell asleep in every class today . Is there some kind of prize for this ? 
3 hours of sleep , YEAH ! 
is interested to watch the status updates polarize into cheesy and bitter as < PROPFIRST>'s Day approaches . 
has a really sweet mama- got a Valentines Box in the mail from her with Swedish Fish , gum , triple strength melatonin , and < PROPFIRST > saying \Have a dreamy day ! \"" 
I had a dream that someone was biting my cheek and it really hurt , and woke up with two huge scratches down the side of my face . What the heck . 
I just realized that my basement is a nuclear fallout shelter . Armageddon , bring it on . 
Let us be grateful for receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken , and thus let us offer to God acceptable worship , with reverence and awe , for our God is a consuming fire . 
The Lord of hosts is with us ; the God of < PROPMALE > is our Fortress . 
$35 parking ticket . Having a car on the East Side SUCKS !!! :( 
just hid Farmville updates from her news feed . * Hallelujah chorus * 
\Who watches the Watchmen ? \ " Well unfortunately I did . What a dumb waste of 3 hours of my life . " 
is watching figure skating ... that guy totally stole my moves from the Petit Center ! 
hasn't been warm since September . Come ON , Spring ! 
Judge me if you will , but I think Prairie Home Companion is FABULOUS ! 
Time to get cozy with my bio sci book ... * cue < PROPMALE > White * 
TOOOOOO much cookie dough * groan * 
And I think to myself ... what a wonderful world :) 
Apparently someone's following me on Twitter . 1 ) I'm kind of creeped out , 2 ) I don't even know how to use Twitter , 3 ) I am ashamed to admit I even HAVE a Twitter account , I just wanted to get updates from Conan O'Brien! 
There is a girl sitting by me in the Union and her hair is WAY too close to my face . 
Lakefront Brewery Tour , hurrah ! 
just bought opening night tickets for < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland !!! So FREAKIN excited ! 
' s anatomy professor seems to have an inexhaustible supply of bow ties . 
thinks it is SO attractive when guys wear their pants down around mid-butt . ... not . 
Would someone please just knock me out with a crowbar ? 
Ok . I had a dream last night that I had a baby , and the baby was me , but as an infant . And then BabyMe started growing up super fast , and could talk and walk within like 3 days . I was teaching BabyMe manners , and my mom was babysitting while I went off to explore a cave or something . BIZARRE . 
is escaping from Facebook for a while . If you need anything , text/call or email me ! 
I just broke an ENTIRE bottle of vinegar on my bathroom floor . This is gonna smell GREAT . 
' s day is not complete without some sort of condiment landing on her shirt . 
is TAKING OVER THE WORLD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
15 months :) 
made steak , butter rolls , and < PROPFEMALE > garlic smashed potatoes for dinner . Yum :) 
Kiss me , I'm < PROPMALE > . 
My family left for Mexico 5 days ago , I haven't heard anything from them , I hope they're still alive . 
Unusual roadkill today ... a smushed wild turkey on Capitol . 
Rockstar Energy drinks are effective . Perhaps TOO effective ... I feel like I'm in a different dimension ... 
has one granola bar to her name ... time to go grocery shopping . 
is going hiking with < PROPFEMALE > Gultch at Black River State < PROPMALE > - we fully expect to see < PROPMALE > Bombadil in the woods . 
is overflowing with excitement and anticipation for the rest of LOST !!!!! I can't stand it !!! 
saved $64.03 at Kohls today . Mama didn't raise no fool . 
Dear Guy in the Truck : Stop looking at me . I am not impressed by your gas- guzzling monstrosity , your steroid-induced biceps , your 80s style reflective shades , or your brain-rattling bass system . You are clearly overcompensating for something and it's not attractive . 
Today is going to be the best Monday EVER . I can feel it in my bones ! 
has the best boyfriend in the world . Seriously , the world <3 
CAN'T WAIT for the next Miley < PROPMALE > album to come out !!!!!!!!!! 
By His wounds we are healed 
smells like an Almond Joy . 
My Dove chocolate cherishes the time we spend together ... at least that's what the wrapper told me . 
We with Him to life eternal by His resurrection rise ! 
I hereby declare it Bedtime . 
Makin some sketti . 
The only reason I came to class this morning was to gain class points by using my clicker to answer questions . Of course , I forgot the clicker . 
Not < PROPFEMALE>'s Boat 
Dear Officer Price , I hope you enjoyed giving me that $30 parking ticket . I also hope you get diarrhea . 
I am SO excited to sleep in , for the first time in weeks . If anyone wakes me up before 11 , so help me God I will stab them in the neck with a pencil . 
Here comes the sun , doo doo doo dooooo 
Tonight's shift started with a wine tasting and pizza party , and ended with a drunk guy running after me at 2am while I rode my bike home . Kind of covers both ends of the spectrum . 
' s work ethic has evaporated along with the snow . 
I would like to thank Kopps from the bottom of my heart for dinner . Who knew a cheeseburger could bring so much joy ? 
My morning : My alarm did not go off so I woke up 45 minutes late , threw on some clothes , sprinted out the door , DROVE to school , paid for parking , ran into class late , ALL because I needed to get points with my response clicker . As I walked into class , the prof was announcing , \Today we will not be using our clickers at all . \"" 
I thought I smelled some delicious grilled corn on the cob today in class ... turns out it was someone's feet . 
A rice noodle just fell out of my hair . Wuuuut ? 
Parking Checkers should be declared terrorists ! I just got ANOTHER parking ticket- this time for not \properly displaying registration . \ " WHAT ???! " 
is going on a very romantic date to get a wig . For < PROPMALE > . No , he's not balding . 
is in a nightmarishly boring class , daydreaming about making a dramatic Indiana Jones- style escape . 
It sounds like my professor is choking on a cactus , but she REFUSES to clear her throat . My ears are bleeding . 
didn't have high expectations for mashed potatoes from a box and gravy from a pouch , but they were met and exceeded . 
has exam-induced butterflies in her stomach . One hour and counting ... 
Would someone please bring me some sushi ? And a bloody < PROPFIRST > while you're at it . 
Of course . I would only wake up with tonsils the size of grapefruits on a day that I have to sing for 5 hours . 
I feel absolutely miserable . But I have the best boyfriend- he's driving half an hour away to get my favorite soup , then coming over to watch a movie with sick old me . I love him . 
You know it's time to go grocery shopping when you're eating leftover Easter < PROPFEMALE > for breakfast . 
Time keeps on slippin ' ( slippin ' slippin ' ) into the future ... 
Why be sick for only a day or two when you can be sick for a WEEK ? This is MUCH more fun ! 
Prospect Avenue smelled bad today . Really bad . Kind of like a homeless man's armpit . 
I just saw a video with my little brother < PROPFIRST > Mamerow wearing a bikini . I might need some massive therapy after this . 
Miley < PROPMALE > music was being played at Whole Foods . That just seems wrong . 
It's 11:20 pm and my neighbor is playing Heart and Soul on the piano . WHY ??!!??!!??? 
woke up with the word \vestibulocochlear\ " echoing on a loop in her head . " 
just got her tax refund , BOOYAH !!!! 
If nachos at midnight are wrong , I don't want to be right . 
is curious as to why the people who live above her let their noisy little demon child run around like a rhino at 12:30 am . 
is extremely tired , thanks to Satan Jr. upstairs who thought it'd be fun to throw a massive tantrum at 2 am . 
R-E-S-P-E-C-T , find out what it means to me ! 
is rock-climbing in stilettos . 
is looking to hire a hit man to \take care\ " of her obnoxious neighbors . Any leads would be appreciated . " 
' s hair looks FABULOUS thanks to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Plant ! She needs hair models for her color class every Tuesday -- and she's awesome , so sign up ! 
I've got a feelin ' ... that tonight's gonna be a long night ... 
feels like the Little Engine Who Could ... I think I can , I think I can , I think I can ... 
Apparently it's National Drive Under The Speed Limit Day . 
could tell it was Pentecost at church today ... wow ! What a service ! 
A 6 year chapter of my life has come to a close ... I think I need a post-Lost support group . 
I received my AARP card in the mail today .... what ? 
Jehovah Shamma- You are with me . 
Physics is really not my cup of tea . 
It's not hard to fall when you float like a cannonball . 
Be still before the Lord and wait patiently for Him . 
probably should've paid that parking ticket ... pretty sure my license is suspended ... so much for sticking it to The Man ! 
Dear Lexus driver , your car is more expensive than mine so you must be more important than me . By all means , please cut me off ! Can I fan you or feed you grapes while I'm slamming on my brakes and swerving out of the way ? 
has formed a pretty serious addiction to the REI outlet website . 
My physics professor says \mooshun\ " instead of \ " motion\ " and I might just lose my mind as a result . " 
just took parallel parking to a whole new level . 
Oh , my love , you came to me like wine comes to the mouth grown tired of water all the time ... 
is the luckiest girl in the world . < PROPMALE > is wonderful . 
Oh yeah , Tylenol PM , do your thang ! 
If this morning is any indication for how today will go , let's just skip to Wednesday . 
Pretty sure a bunch of pterodactyls have been using my car as target practice ... 
It's a beautiful day to turn 30 ! Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > Rust !! 
Cute , < PROPFEMALE > cheeked sunburns only happen in the movies . I look like a boiled lobster . I will use this < PROPMALE > to extol the virtues of sunblock , which I unfortunately ignored ... 
Steak coma . Can't feel my fingers . 
You will keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on You , because he trusts in You . < PROPMALE > 26:3 
is really happy that the brown squishy stuff on her shoe was only mud . 
Ah yes , the peeling stage of sunburn . How delightful . 
Hot weather + chicken curry wrap from Good Harvest + a pretty little garden in which to enjoy it all = :D 
Summerfest is cool and all , but I LIVE HERE and I would appreciate finding a parking spot within 3 < PROPMALE > of my house without sitting in traffic for two hours and having stupid drunk people yell at me . EXTREMELY ticked off . 
Life is beautiful :) 
wants to < PROPFEMALE > in a really awful science fiction movie . 
is bleaching her cupboards and trying to keep her dinner down- Bugs . All over . In our food . 
Thank goodness for parents with fully stocked fridges . 
I have so so much to be grateful for ... I am so thankful to God for all the wonderful people He has blessed me with . :) 
But be doers of the word , and not hearers only , deceiving yourselves . For if anyone is a hearer of the word and not a doer , he is like a man who looks intently at his natural face in a mirror . For he looks at himself and goes away and at once forgets what he was like . 
just had the best lunch date EVER with her < PROPFEMALE > god sister , < PROPFEMALE > Louw :) Sushi , Half Price Books , and Gaelic fumblings . 
Well folks , someone stole my cell phone , so I apologize if you've been trying to get ahold of me . I don't know when I'll be able to get a new phone , so Facebook it is ! 
ATTENTION FACEBOOK : My birthday is in 6 days 
LAST physics class today . * Heavenly choirs * 
Spending the weekend camping on Washington Island ... I'm a little nervous , I've heard there are lots of velociraptors there . 
Holy Smokes . What love ! Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! It's been a lovely day :) 
Inception rocked my socks off . 
Wicked !! 
just had to shower by candle light- it was fun ! Now I'd better eat all the ice cream before it melts ... 
is exhauszzzzzzzzzz ... 
is off to have some adventures . See you all in a few weeks ! 
Alaska is crazy beautiful . 
is ready to come home . 3 more days . 
has slept only 1 hour out of the last 40 , and is exhausted .... but cannot fall asleep . I hate when this happens . 
If anyone would like to anonymously donate my tuition , I'd be okay with that . Thanks . 
doesn't need to be in Seattle to be sleepless . 
accidentally drank Geoff Jenkins ' < PROPFEMALE > . He said it was ok . 
I am so grateful to have so many incredible people in my life . So , so blessed . :) 
Waiting for class to start , photo-stalking < PROPFEMALE > Louw . Good times . 
Nothing inspires me to blind rage quite as efficiently as fruit flies . 
Ahh , yes , back to the good old days of missing the bus . I guess I'm walking home from work ... wish I'd remembered a jacket :/ 
Ahh , a perfect day to repeat the tradition of watching the Brewers get their butts kicked by the Cardinals :/ 
At some point in my sleep last night , I removed the music folder that was propping my window open and replaced it with a can of Ro-Tel . I have no recollection of this . 
I feel like the universe gets a lot of laughs at my expense . 
made $0 at work tonight . On the upside , I did find 55 cents on the floor . Sa-weet . 
Ice cream and garlic bread : Breakfast of Champions . 
The surest way to miss future opportunities is to ignore present ones . 
There is a dead dragonfly the size of Godzilla lying in the entryway to my building . Gross . 
But tension is to be loved when it is like a passing note to a beautiful , beautiful chord . 
Pasta Tree Milwaukee 
Sometimes moms just have a sixth sense ... 
put on too much fragrance ! My noseholes are tired of smelling it ! 
\You cannot discover new oceans until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore . \"" 
I received my first letter from the little girl I sponsor in Columbia . She calls me Senorita Mamerow , thinks < PROPFEMALE > rabbits are beautiful , and sent me kisses . I'm in love . 
I love my lifegroup family <3 
It is well with my soul . 
\Move the attention of your anxious heart away from the waves and direct it to the One who walks on them . \"" 
During my 3 hours of sleep last night , I woke up no less than 12 times , always terrified that either I was missing an exam , or was covered in spiders . 
Me : Let's go to Potowatomi ! Karen : Yeah ! Where teeth and deodorant are optional !! 
Silence is < PROPFEMALE > ? No . Silence is a parasite . 
I am not really on my A Game today . Late for class , forgot to write a lab report , bombed an exam , my clothes don't match , and oh , I forgot to put on shoes so I've been at school all day in my slippers . 
just finished watching a very graphic video of a live birth . Adoption seems like a great option right about now . 
First day of fetal pig dissection . I opened up Miss Piggy and she was full -- FULL -- of poop . Gag reflex ALMOST triggered . 
Is there a national convention for over-aggressive drivers taking place in Milwaukee this weekend ? People are driving like psychos ! 
Sick . 9:00 seems like a great bedtime . 
If I could be doing anything right now , I would want to be watching ' Waiting for Guffman ' with < PROPMALE > . 
is trying to decide if 7:30 is an acceptable bedtime ... 
is tucked away safe in her bed , while visions of bacteria cultures dance through her head . 
got a ' glorious ' 2 hours of sleep . I need an IV drip of caffeine . 
has the night off of work . Thank goodness . 
Whilst dissecting my feces-filled fetal pig today , I somehow got a hole in my glove and discovered at the end that my finger was covered in pig poo . I will never be able to wash my hands enough times . 
Only one class left . I'm so excited to go home and eat pie ! 
Too bad today's not Halloween ... I could go as a zombie , and wouldn't even need a costume . 
There's a guy in the nursing lounge who is currently trying to get my attention by taking off his sweatshirt so he's only wearing a beater , and strumming his electric guitar ( why does he have an electric guitar in a study room ? ) while staring at me . I'm really really weirded out . 
27 Dresses ... no matter how many times I watch that movie , it always makes me so happy :) 
is not really in the mood for life today . 
One sees such \interesting\ " people on the Milwaukee Transit System . " 
Courage doesn't always roar . Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow . 
I've decided to name my children Spawn , Offspring , and Minion . 
I'm not as random as you think I salad . 
Started off the day with < PROPFEMALE > Beauchamp and Bliss Lemmon Boettcher ... oh how I needed that . I love my friends <3 
can only study microbiology for so long before LOSING HER EVER-LOVING MIND !!!!!!!! 
All of my dreams last night took place in England in the 1800s . I wish I didn't have to wake up . 
You know what I enjoy ? Breathing . Do you ever take a few minutes to just sit and breathe ? It's lovely . You should try it . 
Good hair day . 
is finding her Happy Place . 
Is blown away by this weather , hardy har har . 
Auntie Em ! Auntie Em ! 
has not quite mastered the < PROPMALE > of correct ratios of water to coffee grounds . This coffee could get up and walk away it's so strong . 
A big thumbs up to our apt manager who locked our deadbolt , which I have not the means to unlock , and is now not answering his phone . Guess I'll just chill in the hall for a few hours . Who needs dinner anyways ? 
My doggy has a tumor :( 
Tempted to be crabby and unthankful this morning , but remembering God's grace . We have so much to be grateful for ! 
I usually have a pretty good handle on not really coveting material possessions . This all goes out the window when I look at the Anthropologie website . 
Mid lecture , my professor bursts out with \I do believe in God . People can believe in evolution and God . It's called theistic evolution . \ " and then continued on lecturing on kidney function . " 
Remember , Remember , the 5th of November ... 
excitedly pulled out her winter clothes ! And then realized that most of them are very ugly . 
I missed Hug A Tall Person Day ! Drat !! 
My Christmas pudding is boiling merrily on the stove , and I have a purring < PROPFEMALE > on my lap . It's been a while since I've felt this peaceful . 
has fallen prey to the vortex of YouTube . Curses ! 1:36 am ??! 
is worth 10 goats . 
Oh , coffee , how do I love thee ? Let me count the ways ... 
spent the last 8 minutes explaining kidney functions to a cat . 
Starting the day off with garlic chive onion cream cheese . This might destroy some friendships . 
can't wait to start Christmas shopping ! ... Not . 
Don't let your heart get heavy , child , inside you there's a strength that lies . 
accidentally came to school an hour early . Weird . 
A pack of hot sauce at Taco < PROPFEMALE > just asked me to marry it . \ 
Sorry , Taco < PROPFEMALE > sauce . I prefer brunettes . 
My tone deaf dad is currently watching an infomercial for the Woodstock Collection CDs , and singing along ( terribly ) with every song . This is the best thing I've seen all week . 
Halfway through dinner there was a random outbreak of Chinese accents around the table . And my grandpa definitely just hit on me . 
Well , folks , Thanksgiving is over- but let's not forget to be thankful the other 364 days . 
blinked and November was gone . 
I refuse to accept that it is snowing . Instead , I choose to believe that fluffy mashed potatoes are falling from the sky . 
According to Selye's General Adaptation Syndrome theory of stress , a person can deal with a cumulative stress score of about 500 before succumbing to stress and eventually dying . My stress score is 948 . Shoot . 
“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life . It goes on . \ ~ < PROPFIRST > Frost " 
12:07 am ... and the Teletubbies theme song is stuck in my head . 
Making wine labels for my daddy . And in return he is feeding me filet < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s! Seems like a pretty fair trade . 
Today's diet consisted of 85% chocolate . Thank you , St < PROPMALE > :) 
I am really blessed by the people around me- people who support me and listen to me , who roll up their sleeves and help me muddle through crummy times , who help me when all I have to eat is cottage cheese until my next paycheck , who laugh with me and not at me and my eccentricities . I love you , friends :) 
The people upstairs got a treadmill . Fabulous . 
One of the things I love about the holiday season is the abundance of truly awful made-for-TV Christmas movies . 
I've had Bad Romance stuck in my head for A WEEK STRAIGHT . Will someone please put me out of my misery ???! 
Well , I didn't get any tables at work . But I did get a parking ticket ! ... So , I paid $22 to go to work tonight . 
thinks we should find the name and address of every parking ticket officer and blacklist them from anything that would bring them joy . 
Going to see the Nutcracker ! 
Christmas Dinner+ White Elephant Gift Exchange+ Brownie Bake-off . I didn't know my body even HAD this many endorphins ! 
is a hot mess . But , my last exam is today , so maybe tomorrow I can look a little less like a homeless person ! 
Scientists recently discovered the ten millionth digit of pi . I am SO COOL for knowing this . 
I guess it wouldn't be Christmas without my dog eating the entire cheesecake I made . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , doggy . I think you'll end up regretting it . 
Tron was awesome . After watching actor < PROPMALE > Hedlund for two hours , my sister said , \What the HECK ! Why don't beautiful people live by US ??! \"" 
Watching Pride & Prejudice for the 47 millionth time . 
Who's doing the Polar Bear Plunge with me on Saturday ?? 
Man , good thing the people upstairs have a treadmill to use for these impulsive 10:30 pm workout sessions . * loading shotgun * 
Please pray . My aunt is in the hospital in critical condition- she cracked her skull and they can't stop the internal bleeding . She has a 5% < PROPMALE > of survival . 
Oh , the Packers played today ? Huh . 
What a beautiful service for < PROPFEMALE > tonight . She was an incredible , giving , vivacious woman , and will be missed by all who knew her . We were blessed to have her in our family . 
The words \I've gotten SO GOOD at parallel parking ! \ " were just leaving my lips as I backed into a light pole . " 
is singing for a wedding . In a cathedral . Holy acoustics !! 
thinks that perhaps this snow contains a neurotoxin that specifically targets and degrades peoples ' abilities to drive . SERIOUSLY . 
It would appear that within the next few days , I will be forced to upgrade to the New Profile against my will . Curses ! My rebellion has been in vain !!! 
I was watching House M.D. , and I diagnosed one of the patients before House did . I'M A GENIUS !!!!!!!!! 
My evening consisted of two movies : Eclipse and Dinner for Schmucks . AKA My evening was wasted . 
God will take us where we did not intend to go in order to produce in us what we cannot achieve in our own . 
Ikea = < PROPFEMALE > of All Things Wonderful 
is glad to have one more completely unproductive day before classes start back up . 
* Obligatory Packers status * 
2:53 left . I'm having heart palpatations . 
Dear Bears fans : I have some tissues you can borrow . SUCKAS ! 
Hiding in the bathroom during the most awkward date EVER . Somebody save me . 
According to a lifestyle quiz I took in Gerontology , I will live to be 108 . I don't know if this is good or not ... 
Fun fact : cows given Bovine Growth Hormone and then overmilked develop some pretty nasty infections on their udders ... which leads to a 5-8% pus content in their milk . I think I'll stick to organic milk from now on . 
met < PROPMALE > Counsell . * hyperventilating * 
Celebrating my dad's birthday by watching bad movies and eating McDonalds . Party on . 
is absolutely addicted to Criminal Minds . From here on out , I will refer to anyone I don't know as \the unsub . \"" 
BRING IT ON , WISCONSIN ! I have snow tires ! 
Snowed in with my family- omelettes , movies , and bed hair . If we get snowed in again tomorrow , I'd be okay with that ! 
Extreme Makeover : Bedroom Edition begins today ! 
This uncomfortable moment brought to you by the Milwaukee Public Bus System . 
wishes that Steelers player would get the dead animal off his face . 
Gee , I had NO CLUE the Black Eyed Peas would sing that song ... 
* < PROPFIRST > jump * 
You know you're a nursing student when terms like \fecal impaction\ " become part of your daily vocabulary . " 
The busload of jr high girls I'm on is singing Journey songs . Unexpected . 
You know you're from Wisconsin when 35 degree weather makes you want to hit the beach . 
I'm standing in line at the bank , and the man in front of me is sucking on his dentures . Yuck ! 
is procrastinating very successfully . 
doesn't like the couple sitting with their water glasses 45 minutes after we closed . I want to chop their table in half with an ax . 
Not to toot my own horn , but I got a 110% on my organic chem exam . Toot toot . 
Sipping a < PROPFEMALE > manhattan with my dad . I think it's an acquired taste because this is nasty . 
Dear The Grind : Your one purpose on campus is to make coffee . It's not all that difficult . And yet this tastes like paint thinner . 
While perusing Craigslist's Missed Connections today for fun , I saw a post about a blonde downtown server named < PROPFEMALE > .. COULD IT BE ??!! 
has a sudden longing to possess Gel Pens . Remember those ? 
According to my calculations , I should be consuming 347,480 calories per day . My math might be a little off . 
Sorry to everyone who got weird emails from me ! Yes , I was hacked . No , I do not sell Viagra . 
My joy at my new hair cut and color is uncontainable . 
White Peony Tea , Florentine Egg Sandwich , and honeydew melon at Alterra . This would be perfect if I wasn't here to write a paper ... 
1am ... I managed to blow a fuse and now none of my lights work . Guess it's time for bed . 
Strange encounter at the bus stop : a kind of weird guy told me he hopes I make it alive to my destination . Does he know something I don't ? 
is enjoying banishing people from her news feed WAY too much . 
Lemon tree , very pretty , and the lemon flower is sweet ; but the fruit of the poor lemon is impossible to eat . 
Adventure in Tofu , Part 1 : Stirfry . Delicious success ! 
I've tried everything but cannot fall asleep . Clearly , there is only one option left : Ice Cream . 
Definitely forgot to set my clock ahead despite NUMEROUS reminders ... so much for church today :/ 
I think I watch too much Criminal Minds- I try to profile everyone I see , and I have resigned myself to the certainty that I will inevitably be murdered by a psychopath . 
just fell asleep in class at least 12 times . My notes are a weird hybrid of class material , squiggles drawn as i fell asleep , and words having to do with whatever i started dreaming about . 
Peanut Butter Attack Ice Cream -- I just experienced a whole new spectrum of emotion . Whoa . 
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over , it became a butterfly . 
Accepted into clinicals !!!!! 
Life is short but sweet for certain ... 
Breakfast at Waffle House . Probably a bad idea . 
Relaxing in beautiful Louisville . Maybe I'll just stay here ... 
is enjoying the beautiful morning in Nashville ! 
Atlanta ? Don't mind if I do ! 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s Beach on Islamorada , blinding people with my vampire-like paleness . 
Sounds like a pretty dreary day in Wisconsin ... wish I could relate but instead I went snorkeling off of Key Largo . 
Relaxing in < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > ; sipping some swayt tay ... 
Blindly followed the GPS ... to a trailer park in the back woods of S . < PROPFEMALE > . 
13 hours of driving = 13 hours of karaoke ! Home again :) 
This research paper is devouring my soul . 
RIP < PROPMALE > Ford 
is in the market for a hot pink stethoscope . 
I love my church . 
My brain refuses to turn on today . 
Just drank a Neuro Bliss beverage ... I will be getting either cancer or superpowers , I think . 
fell asleep and missed class . Fail . 
In a moment of blind terror , I lost all ability to reason and agreed to go out for dinner with an old-ish kind of yucky guy ! He has my number ! Somebody save me !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Driver is at Charro . His teeth are just as shiny in person ! 
My rather crummy night at work was redeemed by a surprise appearance by the ever-enthralling < PROPFIRST > S . Schultz ! Oh the memories . 
Gardening barefoot with my mom . I wish today would never end . 
Migraine Monday . 
Pan-seared mahi mahi topped with a garlic lemon butter , roasted baby potatoes and a glass of chardonnay . Take THAT , Monday ! 
86 pages of notes to learn before 9:30 am ... yay . 
is having a hard time reading about necrotic ulcers while eating breakfast . 
All day long I struggled to stay awake- but now that I'm in bed , I'm not the least bit sleepy . Dang it all ! 
A little bit in love with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ... 
Nyquil , take me away ! 
Apparently all the emissions testing stations are closed today . I'm so glad I drove to three separate ones before finding that out . 
If I were a vegetable I think I would be asparagus . 
“Why do you seek the living among the dead ? He is not here , but has risen . \ Oh what a Savior we have ... " 
I drank a lot of grape juice and my teeth turned purple . I guess this makes up for not dyeing any Easter eggs this year . 
Holy smokes , I have 8 followers on Twitter ! Hello , fame ! 
Godfather 2 is too dang long . I'm going to bed . 
Home Sweet Home 
I thought it was impossible to have too much sushi . \ 
I was wrong . 
National < PROPFEMALE > Pong Tourney on TV- these guy are WAY too intense . 
And so , I'll be found , my stake stuck in this ground- marking the territory of this newly impassioned soul ... 
Work dinner at Trocadero . Big fan ! 
... actually , Obama did not kill Osama bin Laden . Some kickbutt Navy Seals did it . 
I would like a pet chinchilla . They seem quite fluffy and smooshy . 
Work . Class/Death by biochem . Work again . What a fun day I have ahead of me . 
