has had not so much a crappy day as much as a crappy last hour or so . It came , it passed , I may never get over it , but there's nothing I can do about it now . Did I just change from third to first person ? Yes he did . Damn , I did it again ... 

Just got back from watching Children of < PROPFEMALE > and it was really great . I laughed , I cried , I snored , it was quite an experience . To anyone planning to go see it tomorrow at 2 , try to be a great audience . There's nothing more unnerving to a thesbian than a croud short of cheers and jeers . 
Note to self , a note to oneself , from oneself , is a sad note , in itself ... 
has done it again . After a week of hardcore procrastination and stress induced fits and zits , the student in question has once again managed to pull together a 500+ word essay within the last two hours before it was due . For outstanding achievements in productivity despite excesive amounts of laziness , somebody give that guy a klondike bar . 
< PROPFEMALE > , Justice , Faith , Hope , Love ; among these , Tolerance is not . 
has taken a strong liking in the f2p WoW clone , Runes of Magic . 
After months filled with hype and anticipation , the long awaited new skill on Runescape is finally here !!! * head explodes * 
has just reached level 76 in his constitution skill on Runescape , which in turn bumped him up to level 99 combat !!! 
just put Franny and her belongings in a box and shipped her to < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend . 
Hiakus are easy . But sometimes they don't make sence . Refrigerator . 
Just discovered his new favorite genre of musik . Acapella Metal !!! Who'd've ever thought it existed . The band's < PROPFIRST > Canto if u wanna check em out , and they sing a bit of < PROPMALE > too , which makes it that much more awesome . 
is still a brunet . 
is absolutely thrilled with his new entertainment system setup . Christmas came early this year , or maybe it just came late ... Either way , it's here , and I'm happy . :))))) 
finds himself chuckling rather hysterically at the barely legible ramblings of a foreigner in his online English class . Does that make him a bad person ? 
is once again in need of an essay topic idea and has decided to consult the convienience of facebook to request the ideas of friends prior to the two hours before it's deadline . It's a problem solving essay so I need an idea for a problem to which I will propose 3 potential solutions . I have until Sunday night to have it finished , so no rush at the moment . If you've got any good ideas , hit me with em . 
Those who say it can't be done , should not interrupt those who are doing it . 
One must have active thoughts , and not just reactive thoughts . 
is feeling remarkably blah atm . 
What is a nacho chip , but an edible spoon for cheese and salsa ? 
Did you know that Electricity was first observed in by ancient greeks when they polished < PROPFEMALE > ( fossilized sap ) for jewlry by rubbing it with fabric . The rubbing charged the fabric and caused it to atract small objects , such as small bits string and hair . Hence , the word electric comes from the greek word for < PROPFEMALE > ( elektron ) . Fastinating !!! 
Most of my thoughts are just theories , constantly molded by experiences , becoming infinitively closer to definite truth . 
is having trouble believing the widely accepted equality , 1 = 0.999 ... 
is playing runescape classic . As I recall , this browser based MMORPG came out in the late 90s . All of the Characters and NPCs arent even three demensional , they're just 2D isometric models . This game has come a long way over the last decade or so . 
When life hands you a shortage of lemonade , make lemonade . 
' s dreaded fear has materialized . 
just dipped his big toe into the murky waters that are Ms. Pedrojose's essay draft , and can already tell that it isn't going to be easy to clean . 
Words spoken to muffed ears , lose their meaning . 
is finaly done w/ his freshman year of college . Now he gets a 2 week break before he starts up again . What fun ... 
is somewhat beaten up , to whom it may consern ... 
Every cloud has a silver lining , but the sun is purely gold . \ 
\ 
Don't go chasing clouds , lest you forget about the sun shining through from behind . Without the sun , there would be no silver lining . 
is enjoying a show put on by the most aggressive and acrobatic thesbians in showbiz , Launchador wrestling . Sure , it's hilariously staged , but It's also suprisingly entertaining . 
really has to get back to work now . 
had an intense checker tournament experience today . 
thinks pununsheasun , speling , and gramer is reely inpotent . 
has only recently managed to reinstall most of the important programs , drivers , etc . on the new hard drive for our desktop , only to find that he may have to do the same thing for his laptop ... :((((( 
Even words of wisdom have trouble reaching ears covered by muffs of ignorance and pride . Shout as I may , all effort is futile while the muffs remain firm . 
Was it Eliot's toilet I saw ? 
Does anyone have a spare mouse they can give me ? Preferably wireless . \ 
I have two , but one has a broken receiver , and the other has developed an awful clicking malfunction where it double clicks involuntarily , and you can forget drag and drop or highlighting text . \ 
If anyone could help me , that'd be great . I'd really prefer not to have to buy another one ... 
has not changed his profile picture\ 
<<< and it still looks like this . 
It always sounds so much better in my head . 
A person claiming to suffer from aibohphobia is probably lying . 
My gramer is grate , but my speling stil neads sum werk . 
\Let's eat Grandpa ! \ " or \ " Let's eat 
dnot ' yuo ahte tyops ? 
Did you know that if you say dolphin 3 times fast , it sounds like gullible ? 
How much blood would a bloodveld bleed if a bloodveld could bleed blood ? 
\Always do right . This will gratify some people and astonish the rest . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Twain " 
If you love me , comment on my status ... \ 
If you think I'm a good friend , like it ... \ 
If you hate me , chat me why .. \ 
If you ever had a crush on me , poke me ... \ 
If you aren't scared , put this as your status and see what you get ! \ 
If you think chain messages like these are a foolish waste of time , do all of the above . 
Thanks for all of the Birthday wishes , everyone ! 
A gift shared , is a gift received . 
It's nice to be important , but it's more important to be nice . 
We must each our youth consequence , but more importantly , we must teach them forgiveness . 
Average =/ = Majority 
I you fail to plan , you're planning to fail . 
Life is a labyrinth , filled with distractions and dead ends . 
