Today I Start and venture in this \Facebook \"" 

Sorry < PROPFEMALE > I could not find a better picture of myself but you look good no matter what ! 
Yay i gots Friends =) 
Fun fun happy time mis amigos =) 
Damn Facebook ... it's addicting . - = twitches uncontollably = - 
- = yawns = - dang getting tired but still can't log off ..... - = eyes starts to water due to lack of blinkage = - 
morning grind . TGIF !! 
Excited about my friend coming down from Colorado !! - = excited = - 
my friend and I is going out !! 
Tired , sleepy and still got to back to work .... 
wondering where is Friday ? 
Home Time for sleep ... nah i'll sleep when i'm dead . 
on the verge of explosion !! 
Fun night . but not much Action ... 
Partied Out . Bars are fun lol . 
YAY ! 
#1 song on my Birthday was : \You Give Love a Bad Name\ " Bon Jovi . i did not know that . does that mean i'm a heartbreaker ? ( Keep this going !! Google : \ " #1 song on your birthday \")" 
Where's the weekend ? 
TGIF !! 
6 p.m. Goodmorning everyone ! 
Still up , my circadian rythem is probably saying \WTF ?!! \"" 
Home from a AWESOME time in San < PROPFIRST > ! Sleep .... in about an hour lol ! 
Under the stars tonight will my laughter fade into the darkness ... 
Sad day I just finished off my bottle of merlot . Good day I just found another bottle to add to my collection !! 
You'll always be in my heart and memories Grandpa Santellan 
is thinking .... 
is woundering how my sorness from yesterday turned into sickness today ? 
yay off today - = yawns = - Goodmorning world ! 
busy , busy week , LP audit at work ! 
oh how Time fleets us so till the next days comes to hit us hard 
feels lonley ... 
can't wait till thursday !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > here we come !!! 
First full day in < PROPFIRST > ! Awe how exciting !!! 
Is feeling really high class , a caesar salad with a glass of Merlot 
Onward back to new Braunfels ... 
Does anyone read this ? Sign your name by the X : 
Already such a Crappy day . And it has noting to do with the weather 
Playing on my \Wii\ " lol " 
Correct that last post : too much stimulation with the \Wii\ " ;) " 
My wrists actually hurt from playing too hard with my '' wii-mote '' last night ... 
Dreams : what I wish relaity was ... Goodnight =) 
Yves St. Laurent Oh how I love your smells :) 
Life anew . several more check points still to go but trying to remain optimistic . Miss my family and friends in Tejas . =) 
Just got my phone hit me up if you want to talk or you can just text 
Fists interview . when good hopefully they'll call me back ! 
Chilling with the crew .. 
Party tonight in Denva !!! 
I wish there was no on/off button for sleep , Tired but also restless ... 
Tonight ! stuff !! and magic !!! 
Baking in the sun as it turns around the earth . Not the other way around GALILEO !! 
3:57 a.m. I certainly need to get my sleeping schedule fixed . but how to do that ?? 
Ah refreshed and a good morning ! yeah I'm up in the morning on my own ! 
Excited that my cuz is here !! 
Oh the smells are so sweet here it < PROPFEMALE > !! How I love colorado , thanks everyone that's helped me ! :) 
Had an awesome time today went to dinosaur ridge and to the park with my cousin and family !! 
be safe my friends and family in new Braunfels !! 
Back to colorado springs , sad day , but the wondrous sent of earth and water is in the air ! I so love colorado !! 
Hey guess what !? 
Got the job but god the training on the computer is god forsaken boring . i've had training at other places before but this is brutal 
getting up at 6 a.m. with virtually no sleep is starting to take its toll on me . but i gotta do what i gotta do ! 
Last night I had the strangest dream . I think it want's me to go back to texas ... 
is happy !! my plant that i'm growing downstairs has sprouted !! 
Just saw avatar the last airbender . So very disappointed . Was at least trying to see the good in it but I can't . Any good parts for you ? 
If the movie was not torture enough the commercials are just adding fuel the the Shit pile that the movie was !! 
Why is it when your walking down a long hallway one way the other person walking the other way , towards you , looks down ? 
Oh ! Butter my pancakes !!! 
Having a pulled muscle sucks !! but just today and two more days of work left till i can enjoy myself !! 
Oh what to do ? i have the next 3 days off ... 
Omelette du fromage you will get better ! Lots of Love and Prayer ! 
Is wondering if he needs to get another job ? 
Oh !! Watching paint dry is so exciting !! :) 
Today is such a beautiful rainy breezy day !! 
7 hour for SC2 !! - = preoccupied = - 
- = feeling sick = - I don't feel too well . - = Slail = - 
Why are all the \sarah's\ " moving ? is it cause of my name ? " 
Oh whatever shall I do ? The yin to my < PROPFEMALE > or the < PROPFEMALE > to my yin . 
Such a loser life ... 
I sure do love this cool weather !! 69 compared to 101 
Goodness yo . last two nights drinking and practically no sleep makes me tired at work lol ! 
oh Dub-step how glad you've been introduced into my life - = Rockin ' out to Sirius by Mimosa = - 
Revelation : I love all forms of rice . 
what to do with my self ? 
Next two weeks ; just wondering how it's going to go ? 
\raise a glass to mend all the broken hearts of all my wrecked up friends\ " that line has been in my head all day " 
\it's rented\ " said in impish voice . thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > brand " 
yay humpday ! 
Snow on the mountain XD 
feels accomplished ! got this laptop to work just fine now ! 
Last Night Was HELLA EPIC ! to all who was there love y'all . tears were shed , and promises were made XD 
Dammit I really dislike this , this feeling . 
Hey guess what I did today ? 
Ouch ! but it's fun ! 
Stuck in my head \when the day met the night\ " by panic at the disco . " 
Is trying to remain optimistic . 
friends come , and they go , but the ones that are here for you will last the test of time . \ 
To all my True Friends - = Cheers = - 
I have a half of bottle left and i'm off tomorrow who want's to help me finish it off ? 
New friends , and many new times to come . 
Good day to a bad night . 
like a avalanche it comes all down hard , and I want it to stop . the mind rushes for a endless conclusion . what caused this one to spring forth ? Can you really expect anything else ? \ 
don't ask what's wrong .... it's a puzzle 
chilling with friends Hooters then hooka !! 
Chilling with the girls !! 
YAY ! perfection ! 
can brain damage make you feel like new ? 
Ah good weekend ! now time back to the grind 
Pool !! Damn I suck at it lol ! 
everyone has their problems , but it's how we deal with them defines who we are . Who am I ? 
S.P.A.S.M. !! Join ! or suffer the relentless wrath of modern society ! Which may not be that bad but Still do it ! 
Today day is November 12th . For today only ask any question no matter how personal i'll answer it honestly ! So ask away :) 
NOOOOO !!! - = runs away = - 
Thanks to my best friend < PROPFEMALE > I got my first tattoo !! XD 
I feel bad then to top it off everybody is asking when my birthday is ... 
- = cough = - - = cough = - I want this sickness to go away ! so i can sleep well ! 
STUPID Pretear opening Stuck in my head ! but it's a good song . it's just why is it stuck in there ? 
Warehouse mouse is the best ! 
when will this change for the better , i must take action and the outcome will be more to my liking . - = fart = - 
accdently finding a song you have not hearrd in years is alwyas a joy ! 
Song of the day : Apres Moi by < PROPFEMALE > Spektor . Also Damn you < PROPFEMALE > ! got me addicted to Tetris Battle 
I feel as though the Death tarot card had been dealt to me . 
Hope y'all have a wonderful day ! Miss y'all and love ya'll . also dreams are so very interesting when they reveal something to you something very important . 
seeing the future is no fun cause nothing comes to a surprise anymore . or is it just that I know people too well that I can accurately predict their moves ? also this is really bullshit or is it ....? 
I'm Super excited ! it's snowing and my interview went excellent ! I'm 24 and a new year is about to start things look well . Like God said \So you have a job now and to celebrate here's snow you've been waiting for ! \ " I'm like \ " Your awesome ! and thanks =) \"" 
Yay ! i got a job ! 
Got a new phone and a new number :) 
Excited and nervous.my first day 
Had a good day at work then watching yo gabba gabba :) what a fun day !! 
I'm torn for my birthday I got a sagittarius tattoo , but the new charts suggest that I'm now a scorpio ... I'm still a sagittarius at heart . Your thoughts ? 
Up at 3 pm , work til 11 , up at 3am work til 3 pm , now home , then later throwing down on some monopoly !! 
Had a blast tonight XD now to relax and get ready for tomorrow 
Dammit , I'm starting to miss all my friends and family back in texas ... :( 
It almost seems that I'm drinking to forget my problems , but it's to have a good time with new friends , cheers to life and new prospects :) ( not sober btw ... ) 
Yay ! Busy week ! 
Off to el paso ! XD 
Okay I need a yes or no response only , you don't really know what it is just post yes or no , thanks :) 
Something I could never do back in Texas , throw boiling water outside and watch it turn into snow/fog , something to think about when it's -33 degrees outside . 
Lol snow in new braunfels . The year I leave it snows lol oh !! The irony ! 
Is amazed at all the attention he's getting . 
Is about to barf popsicles ! 
I feel like there is so much to do today , but in reality it's not that much lol . 
Nervous but extremely , excited XD 
Had a blast tonight , first time playing laser tag , finally me\ 
t an awesome guy , < PROPMALE > out with the cool crowd , got stopped and was let go , and to top that off , ... PIE ! 
Ah ! tonight ! what to say , Awesome would be putting it lightly . and if you live in the springs you should go to the play Heyoka Project , it was Funny , weird ( in a good way ) and heart hitting . 
Yay meeting ... When are we going to actually going to work ? 
Had a blast last night and now work yay ! 
Is suffering from the itis ... 
I just wanted to say poop on a yard stick 
Is finished , just finished ... 
Worsh day ! 
Ah Colorado , how I love your fresh air and beautiful scenery ! 
Even though I was hella tired last night I still had an awesome time ! 
I wake up and I start thinking about the awesome friends and family I miss in texas . :( dammit I need ya'll to come visit out I'll just have to go down there ! 
Have you ever had one of those days where your brain does not even feel like your own and it's thoughts betray you and it's decisions effect the both of you . That is the kind of day I'm having . 
Busy next 3 days then 2 days with awesomeness ! Why can't it be friday already ? 
Hope these three days go by quickly ! Can't wait till friday ! 
Word of the day : Triangular !!! 
Way to go booger picker ! Says bloody nose . :( 
It the time of the season for lovin ' 
Yabba Dabba doo ! 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s house , it's been a good long time since I've been ! 
Whatta man - Salt n ' Pepa , So true right now ! 
Had an awesome time with < PROPMALE > today ! Went to casa < PROPFEMALE > , met some very chill people ! Then laser tag , and back home to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > XD 
Oh it's twisted , not to the point of pain . But someone may get hurt in the confusion . 
Really wishes he had a babylon candle . 
The things I've done I could never forgive myself for , the people I've used the ones I've hurt . Why have I done such things . 
Death whispered a lullaby - opeth goodnight 
Is super gay , watching project runway 4 , lol ! 
The old crumbles down and the new breaks away 
Off to wyoming and nebraska ! XD 
