almost pulled the all-nighter ....... mom came in my room and turned off my tv and thats what kept me going ...... dang mom 

cant really work on science report .......... dumb computer ...... 
next 3 days will suck ...... saturday and sunday - work from 8 to 2 ...... monday - school resumes ..... once dias para segundo semestre !!!! 
bad things happen to good people ... hope the best for those families ... 
wow wat a storm earlier 
going to dbq to see Year One 
i actually cant wait for school . 
is getting sick and tired of band camp and band overall 
thank god this is the last day of band camp !!!!! 
very tired after band concert 
going on the river 
cant wait for neighbors to come home so i dont have to feed there cats !!!! 
staying up late tonite to watch meteor shower 
goin to the cabin w/ greenwoods and crouses 
is actually golfing this year ! 
wow ! looks like cash for clunkers pulled out for us 
first ( and i wish was my last ) band practice ! 
school tomarrow 
wishes i can find my glasses by school tomorrow 
great i have to wear my old glasses that r to small for me ! bad time to lose my glasses 
is camping 
just got home and might go to hospital to see my new niece 
is thinking what i should write in my speech for student council ? 
is wondering if i will win the elections 
thinks that sometimes , certain people are inconsiderate and uncaring about others 
tired and depressed GOD HELP ME 
o great band tonight 
mondays busy , tuesdays band , wednesdays ccd . just great ......... 
is wondering y am i on the computer when i cant even see ? 
great im goin to miss the parade tomarrow 
is wanting to go to the fireworks 
is looking for stuff for homecoming . having difficulties 
ccd tonite fun fun fun 
yum these gummy bears r so good !!!! 
for all band people staying after scool , talk to me 
well i wish i could of gone camping this weekend but there is something more important happening 
neices baptism earlier now a little brunch until i have to go get a flu shot 
is getting hungry ............... might go for some apple-snicker dessert 
band tomarrow !!!!!! gone all day !! 
day one : ER day 
has no idea for tomarrows theme 
why am i on the computer during a storm ...... 
homecoming dance tonight 
some people are very stupid and dumb 
' Jeez mom , everyone's different!' 
gotta take out the dog ........... fun fun fun ..................... 
is quite hungry but there is no food at our house 
is playing the french horn for concert band !!!! 
ok i cant go on to parent portal for some odd reason 
is listening to our band music on youtube ......... odd 
HELP !!! I CANT DO MY ENGLISH REPORT AT HOME !!!! THIS IS JUST GREAT ! 
pizza for supper !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i wish the person i really want to talk to was on ........... but they arent 
god ! everyone in this world is stupid and mentally challenged !! 
if i have a list of friends for chat titled people i want to forget why would i be there friends ? 
another long and agonizing day at the torturing building 
early out today !! then no school tomorrow !!! 
mowing the lawn .......................... fun 
extravaBANDza is a synonym for boring !!! 
IT WORKS !!! THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works 
ccd tonight ........................ yay ..................... 
chat doesnt work .................... come on 
thinks that my life would be more interesting if the threats were true ................. 
had burds thanksgiving ............... still at the americinn 
just checked parent portal and found something interesting .............. 
so cold .............. and tired after work ........ 
gotta work 8 to 2 today ............. 
i have one question ............... do you think its odd that the big snowstorm were getting is currently located in the new mexico/texas region ???? 
what a day !!!! 
wakes up to find a snow drift on my deck thats taller than me ............ and its still growing 
not sure whats going to happen tomorrow .......... well with no school my birthday is going to SUCK !!! and band concert is postponed to a later date ........... 
should be working on cultural studies map .......... but dont feel like it ........ 
is listening to my sister read facts out of her stats book .... 
wishes i could of skipped this whole year and be 16 now .......... this was the worst birthday EVER !!!! 
is listening to some < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > songs ......... yea beat it 
um ...... english paper due tomorrow and i just started ..... uh oh 
cult studies map due tomorrow .... im almost half way .... 
crap .... i forgot all of my human life stuff at school so im dead !!! literally !! 
not feeling that great .... im not sick though 
thinks i should get off ......... but i dont want to ....... 
ok .... lets finish human life !!! 
will be back soon .... tacos tonight 
has his 2 liter bottle of dr pepper to help me finish human life ........ thats odd ...... 
is thinking of two things : what im might be getting for presents and what my new year resolutions should be .......... im thinking of a few 
Burd's christmas tonight !!! 
good news and bad news ...... i got an ipod for christmas ... good isnt it ? the bad news .... its a ipod shuffle ..... its small and i dont get to see what song is playing ..... it sucks 
is thinking of a creative message ........ nope , none to offer ...... 
is downloading songs on ipod 2nd time and has been since 9:45 
i find this odd ......... i barely get service in my room for my phone ........... but im in the basement ( not by any windows ) and i somehow get 4 bars ! 
is ready for some serious Iowa action ................. GO HAWKS !!!! 
NO CCD !! YES !! 
si gnivah nuf gnipyt sdrowkcab !!!!!!................ is having fun typing backwords 
R.I.P. Mrs. Brown 
someone should save me now ............ 
cansado .......... muy cansado ............ 
is doing that Free rice thing ...... FEED THE WORLD ! 
is scared for my life ..... i found out i have 2 people stalking me ..... and its just scary !!! 
is waiting for something to happen that i would never see ( or hear ) in my life ! 
shouldn't start thinking about this right now and start hopefully its gonna happen ...... 
is wondering how to make all the people that irritate me disappear . 
time to work on english 
just finished english ! my sonnet is quite amazing !! 
is questioning this website that says ' we ' has no syllables ...... its a word so it has to .... 
finished english ... thanks to the best person on EARTH !!!! 
School needs phones , MP3 players or ipods , and , less teachers , and shorter school days . 
what in gods name happened ?!?!?! 
Friend of the day - < PROPFIRST > Naber ... story - not really a story but i he wants a < PROPFEMALE > lamp that i have for some of his '' magical '' eye drops .... he will never get the lamp !... quote - \the drops will make you rabid !!! \ " < PROPFIRST > Naber 4 February 2010 " 
friend of the day has been postponed till further notice ... if you would like to nominate yourself for friend of the day , please talk to me 
friend of the day is on now !!!! < PROPFIRST > Sorrell .... story - the reoeating of one word can get to your head !! hi .... hi ... hi .... hi ... hi ... hi ... hi ... hi ... hi .. hi .. hi ...... bye ... bye .. bye ... bye .... quote - \HI ......... HI ........ HI ....... HI\ " < PROPFIRST > Sorrell 14 January 2010 ...... ( i made up the date ) " 
is having fun watching tv and on facebook ........ while babysitting ..... 
is definetly ready to conquer the night !!! 80s dance tonight 
wow ... the dance was ok ... but not the best .... good time to < PROPFEMALE > with friends 
if you are able to read this , you are considered one of my true friends so dont try and ruin it please because that is what happened to me a lot .... 
is home alone right now with nothing to do besides this ..... :| 
i have a question ... If cats always land on their feet , and toast always lands butter-side down , what happens if you strap that piece of toast to a cat and drop them off a building ? 
is very disappointed with the fact that i cannot make the first musical meeting :'( 
finished my cultural studies !!! 
One door closes another one opens . The question is are you brave enough go through the door to move on ? Or do you go back to the close door and live in the past ? 
is having a wonderful and extrodinary day !!! what about you ? 
had a very good day today ! dont think it can get much better than this ........... but is very happy ! 
Advice for today : Good things come to those who wait , unless your short and then you just cut in line , and No one will notice ! 
Notice : Thank you for noticing this notice . Your noticing this notice has been noticed . 
must do cultural studies ! 
head hurts ............. MUY MUCHO MAL !! 
wants to build a life size Whack-a-Mole game , and choose 9 lucky people to put in in it .... pray that you are not one of them !! 
went to the boat thing in dubuque earlier and now finished my cultural studies thankfully 
well ...... i dont know .... 
doesnt feel good at all right now ... needs food now ! 
' s chat is being a idiot 
are you as bored as i am ? read this backward , and it makes sense still !!! 
is wondering if they ever found the person who let the dogs out ? 
nephew's baptism earlier and just got home so im a little tired ! 
thanks mother nature for this fog ! 
is still working on homework due tomorrow for fourth period class 
and is still working on the same homework .... 
has yet to finish that one assignment .... and has yet to get any sleep ! 
now i finished my homework 3:52 AM !!!! 
ATTENTION TO ALL FRESHMAN ACTORS/ACTRESSES : if you would like to be a part of a movie , please contact me soon !! This is for my cult studies project ... If you are in one of Rogers and Foust's cult studies classes , tell me as well ... 
doesnt know what to think now .... too many things are going through my mind 
just got home from musical practice ... hungry and has loads of homework ... yet somehow finds hisself on facebook ? 
busy the whole weekend !! work tomorrow then living last supper performance in marion .... and then my aunts funeral on monday so i wont be at school .... 
corrections : today i have living last supper performance in < PROPFIRST > , sunday i have my aunts wake and monday is the funeral . 
today was a sad day to see but hopefully tomorrow will bring better things :( 
is wasting my life away on this movie !! 
somehow ive turned into a consuler/therapist for some people ..... now i can do that thing they do ..... just keep nodding and say \so how does that make you feel ? \"" 
iFeliz Pascua ! ( that means happy easter in spanish for the people who have troubles ... and you know who you are !! ) 
crew earlier was probably the funniest thing ever .... AHH THE EVIL ROSEBUSH IS ATTACKING THE CITY !! WHO WILL SAVE US ?? THE SUNSHINE DAISIES WILL !!! how that happened will be a mystery between me and < PROPFEMALE > Brockman ..... 
is totally living the normal life : home alone , on facebook , drinking dr. pepper and eating cheez-its ... cant beat that :P 
finds himself very interested in a youtube video .... Where's the Chapstick ? 
has pondered this for the last 5 hours ... making this desicion took much thinking ... especially if it works how embarressed ill be ..... :/ 
golfed earlier with the awesomest set of clubs ! 
my mom is having a total freak-out session on me now over the dumbest reasons ... not like the chicago trip last year for school ... 
===> Little Shop of Horrors : Opening Night <==== YOU MUST COME TO IT !!! 
ok .... imagine this ~ you are a homeless bum on the streets and you look for food in the garbage cans ... what food would you most likely find ? please reply to this cause it will be very helpful for me ... 
had the musical today , yesterday , and friday .... now that its over .... im really bored ... and wants to thank all my adoring fans ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Knight and < PROPFEMALE > Brehm ) 
is going to post two videos from youtube and you should really watch them ... ( hint hint ) 
HIT ME WITH YOUR PET SHARK ! HIT ME WITH YOUR PET SHAArk ! HIT ME WITH YOUR PET SHARK ! hit me with your pet shark ! - Intro ducing : Lyrical < PROPFEMALE > 
is figuratively a rundown saloon ..... just forgotten 
still experiencing a bad day ..... and again feeling like a run-down store ..... :( 
5th ave . tryout = EPIC FAIL !!! 
might go to a movie tomorrow ... have to ask yet =P 
is delivering a can of lemon lime soda to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > who lives close by 
broke my phone a while ago .... but now its working so i am happy !!! XD 
sorry to say but i must end this day so i may be ready for the next .... CAUSE OF A PARTAY !! ~ FELIZ CINCO DE MAYO TODOS AMIGOS !! ~ 
is forcing himself to learn the music for state concert choir on friday ... since i just got the music today ... :/ 
24 hours till state large group band and concert choir !!! 
22 hours to state band large group and concert choir !!! yes im keeping a countdown .. 
21 hours to state band large group and concert choir !!! like this if you cant wait !! 
20 hours left to state band large group and concert choir 
19 hours left to state band large group and concert choir 
choir got a 3 ... thats depressing to say ... but band got a 1 !!! and one of the judges gave a PERFECT SCORE !!! XD 
i was looking for a status on status shuffle .... one status was a lyric to a song that kinda fits the mood im in now .... but coincidentally my sister never turns of itunes and guess what song was on ? the same one as the lyric on status shuffle 
is working on cult . studies project ... and that is coloring !!!! XD 
i dont know whats on my mind cause its inside of my head ... under my skull ... but i think its a bunch of pink stuff that is called a brain ! 
hates english papers ..... XP 
wishes he could see into the future , so he wont have to make the same stupid mistakes that have already been made :( 
really wants to do something right now but is afraid of what might happen .... :( 
never ate supper yet but probably wont after those 5 slices of french toast and 4 strips of bacon .... and a large white milk ..... 
doctor appointment in Iowa City tomorrow so no school for me !! =P 
has two days to finish a powerpoint , type up an outline and do a bunch of other stuff .... how much i hate english .... >:( 
first doctor appointment is complete ! they said im doing absolutely great .... and that is really good ! next appointment - 6/3/10 
never finished my english project .... great ... now i wonder what my last grade will be for that ? 
better get to bed now cause i got a busy weekend ahead of me !..... no literally ..... ===> a busy weekend 
time to start getting ready for the party !!! band plays graduation tomorrow ... :/ 
graduation today ... party was fun but after there was an episode that completely ruined the day :( but < PROPFIRST > Ockenfels and i helped take care of it 
needs to talk to someone who is in my english class for HELP IMMEDIATELY !!! 
is trying the english ( pirate ) language for facebook ... its quite .... awesome 
is currently in a state of shockness , anger and sadness .... do not try bothering me ... :/ 
wishes the best summer for all of you friends of mine ! next time you see me .... well .... ill be the same hopefully .... and you will too .... but its sad that i wont see most of you till next year :( 
time to go to iowa city again ! for my mri in the scary donut tube :( wish me luck !! 
has conquered the mri scanner ! just got back from iowa city and ready for some actual summer time ! 
you would think that in summer you would have a lot of stuff to do , when really .... you are bored out of your mind ! 
stayed at my sisters house playing super < PROPFIRST > bros on the wii ! 
WARNING - STAY OFF ROADS FOR NEXT MONTH ~ DRIVER'S < PROPMALE > STARTS TOMORROW AND ... sorry ... and guess who is in it ? ME ! 
is laughing at Steph Then and < PROPFIRST > Bries cause they are watching Pippy Longstocking ! 
oh great ...... time for me to get ..... braces ......... 
hates trying to eat with the braces ! 
My question for you : Do you think this summer is going fast or slow ? Comment with your answer 
if it keeps progressing the way it is , im already to go ahead with my plan 
ortho . appointment later :( 
too many moods at the same time !! AHH !!! :( .... :) .... :/ .... :D 
47 48 3836 76774253 86 23 3743637 9484 7663663 8428 968 2268 3836 87878 ? 3825 69 5433 !! If you type this with T9 texting , you can figure it out .... hopefully >:P 
Dear Creator of all Animals , \ 
i have a serious question to ask you ... WHY THE HELL DID YOU MAKE THE FLY ??? \ 
From , \ 
< PROPMALE > Then 
you should watch this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQ7oqmikZDQ 
needs someone to reassure me that im not a bad person please .... i will probably keep saying that im a bad person but try your best to calm me down .... :( 
\Now if you lose your one and only\ 
cell phone broken ... transfering to a different one soon so dont \text it\ " ... cause it isnt a person .... :/ " 
thought of today : is it ironic if you get a cold on a hot day ? 
starting to be the normal life : get back from a bike ride and go on facebook with a bag of cheez-its in one hand and a pibb xtra in the other ! feeling great ! 
succe < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > in drivers < PROPMALE > !! 
had fun last night on the river and watching < PROPMALE > Otting and < PROPFEMALE > Greenwood do miming contests with some random guys on another boat ! pretty hilarious !! 
AHH !!! WHY MUST IT SOUND LIKE BOMBS ARE GOING OFF IN MY BACKYARD !!! 
now i get to sit back and wait ........ hopefully not long ..... :/ 
wants to know why parents have to be so strict when it comes to dating !!! 
you called and asked if i was mad ..... i said i wasnt mad and its true , but you didnt ask me if i was sad . thanks a lot for a big waste of my life .... :( 
knows what he is doing august 18th !! XD 
\We belong together . Like the open seas and shores . Wedded by the planet force . We've all been spoken for . \ " We Belong Together - < PROPMALE > Degraw " 
Like this status and i'll tell you a like , dislike , impression , and confession about you (: 
EPIC NEWSFLASH !!! PEOSTA MIGHT GET A GROCERY STORE !!!! XD 
busy week !! band tonight , work then dentist app . tomorrow , and next three days are the show choir choreography retreat ( cant wait for it !! ) 
fair earlier ! saw lots of familiar faces .... some i didnt want to see 
and the dumbest thing to do was that i actually believed it was true :/ 
FINALLY !! IVE HELD IN MY ANGER TOWARDS IT LONG ENOUGH !! I QUIT !!! yep ... now im happy 
uh oh ... that changes a lot ... now im confused and needs to talk to someone that i trust ... NEEDS HELP !!!! 
has to work tomorrow :( no town & country days parade for me :'( 
thinks today was one of the days where you can say something was accomplished 
registration for sophomore today around 4 ! who else will join me ? 
registration wasnt too bad :) got to < PROPFEMALE > with the most coolio person ever ! 
thinks that monday should come much faster !! ( yes i really did say that :P ) 
my sister has a spanish version of hakuna matata on itunes ... its very .... interesting :/ 
hanging with < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy tomorrow ! cant wait !! :D 
saw a 4th grade class list that had two names of people i know that are sophomores ... i laughed :D 
there is no < PROPMALE > that today could of been better ! cant wait for monday to see her again :) 
OH MY FREAKING GOSH !! IM TECHNICALLY SOMEHOW RELATED TO < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! :O 
well ... lets hope that it happens ! 
going to a movie with < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow :D 
movie with < PROPFEMALE > very soon !! :) 
last day before \its cool\ " starts :( " 
wishes that i can save our chat from 10:47 to 11:10 :) 
well ... i guess school starts in a few hours ... yay :/ 
has it already been a year ? wow ... time really goes by fast ... happy 1st birthday < PROPFEMALE > from uncle < PROPMALE > :) 
had the best day of his life and only one person ... two people ... know why :D 
an hour and ten minutes later ... the phone conversation ended 
someone please kill me now ... i mean it like right now :( 
is enjoying watching animated roller coasters on youtube with < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy :) 
3 hours ... and counting still ... 
and ..... 4 hours ..... and counting still .... new longest time on a phone call but im glad its with her :) 
wow .... the phone conversation went 4 hours and 30 minutes ( i think ... ) but i wish it went longer cause it was with the best person ever :) 
ive learned so much more about myself in the past month ... only cause i had someone so special to help me ... happy one month < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy <3 :) 
TOGA ! TOGA ! TOGA ! :D 
fireworks tonight were great :) saw lots of people ... little kids were annoying :/ but best of all ... i got to be with < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy <3 
\When I see your face 
the play this year is awesome !! my favorite character is Vegetable .... no lines but gets to eat pizza ... Chance Ingles makes me jealous ... 
enjoys rocking out to Bohemian Rhapsody with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Heitritter and Aj Richman and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hoffmann and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > XD 
< PROPFIRST > Leitzen - you just made my night :) 
now enjoys the song Little Lion Man by Mumford and Sons 
my legs feel like bricks and dont seem to want to walk long distances ... down side to homecoming ... but ANYWAYS ... fun night tonight and will probably never be beat for a long time !! 
time has come and gone so quickly :( but spending them with you makes it worth while :) happy 2 months < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy <3 
that just ruined my night :( 
at exactly 7:14 tonight it was 2 months to my birthday !! 
is enjoying all the poking wars im starting !! >:D 
BAND CHAMPIONSHIPS TODAY !!! 
inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me . i'll keep it between us . set this as your status and see what you get . :) 
is working on biology and attempting to stay on facebook without it distracting me ... but im currently failing :/ 
Do\ 
any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here's a \ 
task for you ... I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about\ 
how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do\ 
the same . 
nothing can cure my case of pissed and im not kidding >:( 
< PROPFEMALE > Kennedy , you will never lose me and i hope that i never will lose you . I love you always and forever . This may be a setback but its only going to make us stronger . <3 
extravaBANDza today at the high school ! 
<3 3 months !! i love you < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy <3 
WAMAC Honor Choir tomorrow in Maquoketa .... oh fun fun fun :/ 
getting my hair straightened .... totally worth the laughs :) good job to the cast and crew of Toga ! Toga ! Toga ! on our first performance !! 
Night #2 of Toga ! Toga ! Toga ! good luck everyone !! 
sitting and waiting for midnight ... then commencing on the bombardment >:) anybody want to join ? 
phone bomb still in progress but coming out good :) cant wait to see her face when i see her later .... ANYWAY .... Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy :D i love you <3 
happy turkey day everyone !! 
ok ... today we are suppose to eat turkey cause its tradition .... NOT TACOS AND CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP !!! dumb parents :P 
tired as hell !! spent my whole sleeping time in dubuque shopping :/ 
sick on a sunday ... fun :/ had a great day yesterday with < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy :) <3 
Fact :\ 
Do You Know why The Marriage Ring is Placed On the Forth Finger From the Thumb From Your Left Hand ? Because its the Only finger that Has a Vein Wich is directly Connected To Our Heart Its called the < PROPFEMALE > Amoris . (: 
ortho appointment ..... :( 
7 days !! yes !! just wish that there wasnt any snow XP 
4 days till i am officially 16 !! XD 
is gonna let everyone who wants to ask me one question and ill answer it honestly .... but not over the comment thing ... 
HAPPY BIRFDAY TO ME !! HAPPY BIRFDAY TO ME !! HAPPY BIRFDAY TO MEEEeeee .... HAPPY BIRFDAY TO ME XD 
oh my :D what a great way to start my birthday ... an email from someone that i cant believe did get back to me :) 
Thanks all for the birthday wishes :) didnt go too great but its good enough :/ 
Whoever said that it was a \winter wonderland\ " has obviously never been to iowa :P " 
didnt bring english stuff home ... and of course i have it 1st period tomorrow !! SCREWED ! 
time to type my english final !! yay :/ 
really < PROPFEMALE > !! you used the word \plethora\ " twice in you TKM Final !! " 
i gots a haircut :'( 
i feel like crap right now :( bad earache ... ow :'( 
only 6 days more days ... then ill be partying my way to the SUGAR BOWL !! 
facetimed < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy with sisters ipod .... very interesting conversations were held ... and the word ' deer ' and ' dear ' are now inside jokes between us ;) 
LETS GO HAWKS !!! :) 
Way to go HAWKS !!! Insight Bowl Champions ! 
its hard to believe that in only 12 HOURS .... we will be preparing to leave for new orleans ... 
had a great time in New Orleans :D i guess im kinda glad to be home but not liking the fact that i have to go to school tomorrow :( 
5 months today with the most amazing and perfect girl in the world :D how i ever imagined to find true love and it happened to me August 6th , 2010 ... I love you < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy <3 always and forever :) 
ok .... never watching that music video again ... teenage dream is a good song but the video is disgusting 
1st person to like this status I will have their last name for a week \ 
2nd person to like this status can dare me to do one thing \ 
3rd person to like can pick my profile pick for 24hrs\ 
4th person to like I'll write I love you on your wall \ 
5th person to like can ask me anything they want nothings off limits\ 
... Copy and past this as your status if your brave 
as of 11:20 - I will have the last name of Huff for a total of one week . because of my previous status ... the first person that liked it would mean i use their last name for one week ... congrats < PROPFEMALE > Huff :) 
im scared ... im seriously scared that im gonna screw this up ... and that ill lose everything ... just one little mistake and its gone :'( 
great job to everyone in show choir , show band and crew !! 
dance sucked tonight :/ but the big dance tomorrow will be awesome !! GO SHOW CHOIR !! 
got a ipod touch !! XD so im gonna need contacts to facetime anyone who would actually want to facetime me 
enjoys scaring < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy over facetime ! ;) hehehehehe love ya ! 
no school AGAIN ! what the hell ?? they just want us to have a short summer >:( 
way to go bobcats !!! overtime win over beckman 63 - 61 
I can't wait till next week !!! Getting quite impatient 
i hate them i hate them I HATE THEM !!! >:( 
Worst day EVER !!! 
this is indeed the worst day of my life !! i hate today and wish it never happened ! >:( 
congrats Aristocats and 5th Avenue on a successful day at North Polk !! 
today was amazing till 3rd period .... then it went on a downhill slope to now ..... 
I don't know why I'm up right now ... 
the aftermath of the overnight show choir competition left many people with extreme cases of hunger , thirst , and drowsiness ! 
bye bye grass :'( it was great while you were here .... 
kinda upset but i guess i suspected it .... wish i didnt have to believe the lie :/ 
it didnt happen .. we didnt break up .. for reason refer to < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy profile ... sorry for the confusion :( 
No CCD tonight .... hellz yeah !! 
Hates English soooo much !!!! 
Got a 96 on my english speech !!! YES !!! 
I'm on a bus with < PROPFEMALE > freezing :/ 
now is 7 months closer to forever :) <3 Happy 7 months < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy <3 
If You Love Me , ( Comment On This Status ) If You Think I'm A Good Friend , ( Like This Status ) If You Hate Me , ( Message Me And Tell Me Why ) If You Ever Had A Crush On Me , Be Honest , ( Poke Me ) If Your Not Scared , ( Make This Your Status ) 
Having a bad day and only getting worse :( 
God dammit mother nature !!!!!! NO MORE SNOW !!! 
If you cant tell that im fighting for you ..... then whats worth fighting ? </3 
Theyre showing mo show on channel 9.2 !!! 
Okay .... more show choirs showing on 9.2 or mediacom 109 
JAZZ NIGHT !!!! XD 
hates ccd and confirmation !! damn papers !!! :( 
enjoyed walking in circles with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Rondeau holding a coffee pot at the fish fry :D 
Solo and Ensemble today !! good luck to everyone in it !! 
Loras honor band !! Great day ... had fun and had fun songs !! ROLLO TAKES A WALK !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Bries just locked Steph Then in the bathroom !!! EPIC !! 
