Gonna be a LONG week ... but the weekend is one day closer after today :) 

Looking forward to catching up on some work today ... 
Having a wonderful day with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Working on a plan ... 
Once I've made my mind up -- I usually stick with it ... we'll see how it goes ... 
Hoping that the stars will align as they should and spell out the final answer ... 
Thoroughly exhausted from our fun day -- thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
It was a wonderful weekend of great food , fun and friends !!! Can't get much better than that ... 
Is ready to take on the world and kick some butt :) 
is getting everything in order ... 
Had an excellent 1st day of Pre-K with my daughter and her friends ! If only my professional life were that simple ... 
Getting ready to have an awesome weekend in Chicago with friends !!! 
AT & T has got to be the anti-christ ... geez I am having bad flashbacks from last year this time ... 
It was such a beautiful weekend in Ohio -- its almost confusing as to where I am . 
Always seems to have positives and negatives going on at the same time . I do believe it is my own personal rule in life ... 
Check out the recent Fashion SWAP Party I was caught on video on Ch 19 NEWS October 1 at 11pm . < PROPFEMALE > McBride of TeeMcBee Image Consulting is an amazing Image Consultant for today's business woman -- she really brings out the best in you ! All remaining cl ... othing was donated to < PROPMALE>'s Dress for Success . This was an excellent way to be \green\ " and recycle fashion and have fun doing it ! " 
I love fall but do we really need to have this much wind and rain ... 
So how am I gonna explain to my daughter that the damn dog ate her Halloween pumpkin like a snack !!! She is 12 , not 2 ( the dog ) . Come on ! Good thing I have a spare pumpkin :) 
Lots of training to get through !!! 
Just overdoseed on Linked In and I am not sure why ... 
It's too cold out ... I know it's November but I don't like it !!! It's 93 at work in Arizona today ! 
Hey Brandon--what's up ? Anything exciting going on ? 
Gonna be a long Monday ... it will be an even longer journey to Wednesday 
Wrapping up some work today before the holiday weekend ! 
is extremely thankful for her huband , daughter , family and friends and most of all that 2009 is almost over ! 
Hello MHS 1990 friends -- please go and log on and get your tickets at the Early Bird rate ... Kellie H ., < PROPFIRST > G . -- what are you waiting for ??? Check out all the details at www.mentor1990.com . 
Wonders if she will ever figure out this new SFA at her work !!! OMG ! 
Really cannot wait until I can hear out of both ears again ... this muffling is driving me crazy !!! 
Wonders who is gonna believe me or not that my dog head-butted me and gave me a black eye now ... geez what a week ! 
Excited to try some < PROPFIRST > Palmers creations tonight !!! 
Hoping I can get all this holiday stuff done before Christmas and STILL kick ass at work somehow ... the stress ! 
I am officially exhausted and out of energy ! Spent most of the morning crying over the having to put < PROPFEMALE > down this morning after an unexpected turn for the worse . Life is just very unpredictable and full of tough choices every day :( 
It's 2010 and a BRAND NEW year , so let's get ready to make it great !!! I have a lot of goals this year -- I am going to get started today ... 
Can't wait to go to Arizona and forget about Ohio for a little while ... 
Oh my gosh -- I am buried and not just in snow ... SO much to do this week !!! 
The word of the day is BALANCE ... everything !!! 
Is it going to be a blizzard or < PROPFEMALE > all day -- it can't decide here in Snowville ... boy if I were a skier I would be happy with the combo !!! 
This celebrity look alike week reminds me of my trip in 2008 to San < PROPMALE > with my St. < PROPFIRST > friend ! Holla !!! 
TGIF !!! Everyone have a great weekend -- I am gonna go figure out where to go for dinner !!! 
The word of the day was MULTI-TASKING ... big time ! 
It's a < PROPFEMALE > and Mommy day tomorrow ... she says we are \superstars\ " . Love that girl ! " 
Anyone have some < PROPMALE > connections with Marous Brothers ... could use a little help potentially ! 
After the horrible ending to last week -- this week can only go up ! 
Happy Friday ! It has been quite a week -- please let March pass quick !!! 
Anyone want to lend me their private jet for the rest of the month ? OMG -- this is insane ... 
Has crossed the finish line ... 
I would like to say thanks you to ALL of my friends and family who have supported me over the last few months of what I call one of the most extreme and complicated times in my life ! Everyone is special in their own way ! I have acheived everything I set out to do thankfully and plan on going on a long vacation with my family soon !!! 
Check out < PROPFEMALE>'s first commercial on my wall ... 
Is hoping to wrap up a lot of backlogged tasks this week ! 
Thinks it's really fun to drive down the road with the sunroof open singing to the radio with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Considers herself a pretty coordinated person but the Zumba classes are going to be quite challenging ! 
Rockin ' out some tunes this Monday morning ... gotta wake it up ! 
OK , Marriott friends -- who has a connection at the Marriott < PROPMALE > Head Resort & Spa please ? 
INSANE multi-tasking day ... whoo , not over yet ! 
Homeade Mother's Day gifts are made with more love than any gift you can purchase ... priceless ! Thank you , baby :) 
I am so proud of my best friend , < PROPFEMALE > , who is about to step on stage and get her Masters diploma at CSU ! We all love you and celebrate your day today !!! 
Is back home from training ... but what the hell did I learn ??? 
Is too exhausted to work but has so much more to go until JUNE 18th !!! 
OMG -- American Idol has all my favorites on tonight . This is awesome -- who cares who wins , great show ! 
Holy incredible shrinking < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ... 
OK maybe not but LOVE the attitude ! 
Going to ther beach ... don't call me I'll call you . LOL--don't wait by the phone :) 
Nothing like losing a 1/2 million dollar program due to the lovely AZ Immigaration Law . That's OK--wasn't like I needed the bonus or anything . No , really ... no big deal !!! 
Would like to thank my friend < PROPFEMALE > for giving me the lay of the land at HH . I feel like I hit all the best spots :) 
9 more days to yet another departure from my dream job ... say its not so . Back to reality -- man I'm a victim of my address ! 
Is definitely back to the stress of my everyday life -- oh my gosh I need to be independently wealthy so I don't have to deal with all this craziness !!! 
After tomorrow my baby < PROPFEMALE > is a big kindergartener ... how did that happen ? 
Stuck at airport missing time with my friend !!! Can't you delay the flight BEFORE I leave the house next time ??? 
Had a great evening of food and friends ! I love to visit Chicago to catch up and decompress a little too ! 
CHICAGO = DELAYED 
Can I please leave ??? I am gonna need a nap ! 
Wow , I'm actually home tomorrow . Really ? What a flight ! 
Day 2 -- what to do ? I kinda liked that definition for today ... 
< PROPMALE>'s 40th party tomorrow -- stop by Hooley House after 7pm . We are out on the patio ! 
Going to Minneapolis 
Thanks so much to my wonderful friends for the fun birthday wishes -- they all brought such a smile to my day after another crazy week of travel ! Hugs to all <3 
is really not looking forward to today ! 
And there went < PROPMALE>'s dream ... again ! 
Had a fun week with friends but sooooo happy to be home ! 
I really hate the 12 step program I have to go through these days everytime I have to travel -- it is exhausting ... 
Wow -- this day was a little interesting ... 
Wow , Monday morning flights suck !!! 
Hello Chicago -- wasnt I just here ?? 
Do I bother to go to sleep at this point -- gotta get up in a few hours . MONDAYS -- not a fan ! 
Is having a fabulous day of savings and amazing sales ! Now I get to go drink wine for the next 7 hours !! What a day ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s American Greetings card has hit stores in Michigan -- please let me know where you see some or send me one PLEASE ! 
Really wishes the microwave didn't get blown up RIGHT before company comes to stay ... Geez :( 
I would like to thank and congratulate all my fellow \rockstar\ " committee members for a job well done ! What a rockin ' time -- I am not used to going to bed at 4am but what the hell ... \ 
Where the hell is my suitcase ??? ANGRY !!! 
Bag finally arrived all contents unharmed literally 48 hours later and what seemed like a thousand tags wrapped around the handle ... now do I get my bag's frequent flyer < PROPMALE > too ? That would seem good to me ! 
Pretty darn productive for a half day today ... AND < PROPFEMALE > had a great 1st day of kindergarten ! 
Really not loving the computer support from the OTHER side of the WORLD !!! 
is NOT a fan of long car trips ! 
Really does not prefer a car with a push button start/stop -- no thank you ! 
Chicago , again ? Quick in and out ... can't wait to see how this flight goes with this cold :( 
On the road yet again ... if only I could slow down long enough to get some rest and feel better :) Maybe 2011 ?? 
Nothing like driving a rental that handles like a SKATEBOARD in the rain ! 
Screw the office supply budget -- where the hell is our masseuse budget ?? Ouch :( 
Had a fabulous weekend with the family and a new adventure to contemplate ... 
TGIF people !!!!!!!! 
Thinks that anyone could be a meterologist after ALL the rain that \wasn't coming\ " poured on our heads last night ! YUCK :( " 
Wonders what you have when you have been sick for 6 weeks ... I think maybe exhaustion ?? 
Is pretty sure this is going to be the LONGEST short week ... 
Thinks MarRFP is the devil -- Halloween is over peeps !!! 
Dear Paradise ... please make me kick this cold ... 
Aah ... margaritas in the afternoon in the sun ... priceless ! 
Goodbye Paradise ... you will be missed :( 
Wishing I had another week in Paradise ... sick of being sick :( 
TGIF !!! The week has been way too long ... looking forward to a fun time tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > the Fab Food Show ! 
Please tell me it is not Sunday already ... OMG ! 
Looking forward to an weekend of NO plans ( well not too many ) . 
Really trying to get used to my new phone ... 
Really would rather be sleeping at this moment ... 
Well , I guess I am thankful that my family forced me to go to the emergency room for holidays before I could not breathe from the anaphylactic shock I was going into -- no fun ! Love you , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
NO HEAT ? REALLY ? Should have just stayed in South Carolina ... sick and all :( 
I believe I am most thankful for my space heater today ... 
Is anyone looking for or know of someone looking for an coordinator/administrative assistant job at a large corporate in Lake County ? 
Am pretty sure that in my case , if I just won the lottery -- everything would be better ! 
11.5 foot tree with lights + broken tree stand = angry Veselko family :( 
Time for a new beginning ... looking forward to it :) 
Just starting the year with some good < PROPFEMALE > . Started off a bad year with losing < PROPFEMALE > . Starting off on a positive note this year hopefully with a new furry friend to brighten my days ! 
Great last night with the family before back to the crazy work life ... some wine , music , awesome homemade dinner and sitting by a beautiful fire with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Kona(new doggie ) <3 
Why did I stay up so late to watch The Notebook ?? Really love that movie :) 
SNOW !!! 
Does anyone want to buy Girl Scout Cookies for < PROPFEMALE > ? Tis the season ! 
Really sick of being PARKED on the freeway today !!! 
Could really use another day to the weekend ... 
Oh my gosh -- snow days may excite some people ! They just cause me severe stress :( 
Just watched \The Facebook\ " movie -- it was pretty interesting ... " 
Oh , you mean I can actually stop working for a few hours , now ... really ??? Gee thanks ... LONG DAY !!! 
Hanging at ski lodge ... what else do you do this time of year ? 
Missing my family tonight on < PROPFIRST>'s Day while traveling ... 
Goodnight Shanghai ! 
One hell of a week ! 
Put 2 tired , but very happy girls to bed tonight ! Fun night <3 
I'm pretty sure the girl working at the ski rental counter had on Pajama Jeans ... funny ! 
Hey -- did anyone see my weekend ? I think I lost it somewhere ... 
If I have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what i think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . It seems like you can't do anything now without being labeled ... So go ahead and label me , see if i care . Repost this if you're proud of who you are ! 
It may not be Fat Tuesday yet , but my homeade jambalaya was pretty tasty :) 
Oh no , my BABY has her first loose tooth . I am so sad :( 
