In Oregon . < PROPFIRST > . 2 - 8 ? I won't have Internet connection there . Bye for now . 

Off to Oregon at 4:00 am to get on the 1st of two planes . I'll be back in time for school . \ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > your loved ones for you never know when they'll suddenly no longer be there and you never got to say good-bye and I love you . \ 
Sorry if I've made you depressed ... I just have a lot going on now . 
Trying to figure out what to do today . It feels so weird to graduate high school . 
Going to my favorite state on Friday . It takes two planes and quite a bit of driving to get there . It's by a large body of water and has a famous lake in it . Oh and it's climate varies depending on what part of the state you're in greatly . Guess where ! 
With it being just my mom and me this time it wasn't too bad , in fact I'd say that was the fastest and easiest packing I've ever done . ^ _ ^ !! 
So much to do yet nothing at all . Sparklers get really annoying when the sputter and refuse to light . Anyone notice that the smaller fountains seem to last longer than the bigger ones ? 
I'm back ! Quick warning , cruise ships have salt water pools . 
It's so freaking hot here . I get heatstroke easily so I really miss the cool coast of Oregon . 
I'm going to get to meet the people I'm going to collage with on Sat .!!!! I'm nervous but at least I'll know somebody before I start . 
I can't wait to start < PROPFEMALE > . I love that it's only about 30 < PROPFEMALE > . away . What about you all ? 
My , cats are so funny . One of them snores/grunts every once in awhile . 
Gah ! I have to get gas for my car , then drop off my dad at work , and go to my < PROPFEMALE > orientation ! 
I feel like a chauffeur . I drove to Chantilly on Monday to drop off then later pick up my sister from her field trip oh and pick up my dad on the way home after . I should probably mention that my dad recently broke his clavicle ( collar bone ) to clarify why I'm playing taxi driver . 
Got lost while coming back from < PROPMALE > and end up in Leesburg ( sp ) and my phone died for no reason . I swear it does that on purpose cause this isn't the 1st time it has happened . 
Luckily , I was able to get myself un-lost and make it home . Whew ... and that's just these three days . How is everyone else getting along ? \ 
P.S. My sister came home and put my cat's tail in my face ( my nose ) while I was taking a nap marathon . 
Oh my gosh ! I'm so nervous yet excited to finally start college tomorrow ! Gah ! Tell you mon . afternoon when I get back if my nervous energy gets the better of me or not . 
I am starting to hate circles . 
Too ... many ... circles ... 
I pass on the 1st , maybe the 2nd , and take the 3rd . 
Oh my gosh , I didn't think the first week of college would have so much homework ! I have three drawing projects , an abstract psd project , two big reading assignments , a two < PROPFEMALE > journal ( essay ) , and another essay . I might be missing something or other . Gah ! And the ' journal ' is only for an intro class that lasts one more day . Need ... more ... time ... 
I am such an idiot . 
Halloween hates me . 
Happy birthday to Neggin btw . 
I feel like screaming and cursing right now . Freaking Hell I'm a stupid idiot . 
Yeah , I'm still annoyed at Halloween but I'm back to myself . 
Gahhhh !!!! I hate homework ! And sharpies run dry to quickly . 
To all of my friends at < PROPFEMALE > . I accidently left my sweater at school yesterday and now cannot find it . It's a black zip-up hoodie , with thumb holes . It is also covered in a lighter shade of blackish-gray designs with Oregon Coast written across the front in white . Please tell me if you find it . 
so I found it . Momo took it with her so someone else wouldn't take it . ( sigh of relief ) thank goodness . 
No b-day party . It's canceled due to the weather . ' sniff ' maybe next weekend or some other time . 
