I want a mohawk D: 

quizzes were bugging me so i deleted them all =o lol 
leaving for the weekend ... 
tempted to delete wall spam D: 
Today is the 17th probably the greatest day of every month . 
Dexter .... season 4 episode 3 D: nuff said 
um .. 
When I met you , I was just a kid Hadn't built up my defenses 
Dont be afraid , lille venn of violence . Im only poisoning you , not gonna stab you . 
Now I'm viewing my memory reel in reverse . Scrolling back to come to feel your weather then . Now I'm noting the inverse of our parabola . To predict the points of thou-shalt-not-return 
Daylight im so absent minded , nighttime meeting new anxieties . 
Scuse me while I kiss the sky . 
Looking for work .... im thinking something along the lines of getaway driver 0_0 
Facebook is weirdin me out today .... 
The good times are killing me ... 
Boredom murders the heart of our age while sanguinary creeps take the stage 
Im a slave to empathy . 
Most people cling onto false identities in order to prevent themselves into becoming what they fear being . Of course its done uknowingly ... still quite sad . 
Music+sleep .... 
come onnnnnn episode 7 :/ 
Mr. Brightside ..... nuff said 
UPS tour tommorow ... yeayeayea D: 
Id like to dissapear completely /: 
If all our days are numbered then why do I keep counting ? /: 
Libraries have every book except the ones I want ): 
Good news for people who love bad news . 
I know it's wrong to make assumptions but without them I'm left with nothing . 
People who hit the like button on \went from in a relationship to single\ " status updates are sadists bahaha . " 
The identity I composed out of terror has become oppressive now . 
congestion D: 
I feel my luck could change . 
Why yes nirvana I will listen to you right now . 
wired 
Digimon is like the matrix .... combined with pokemon ..... I think ? 
If anythings possible is it possible to make something impossible ? Then would everything still be possible D: 
I hate irony . 
GO JETS WOOOOO 
No rest for the wicked ..... me for instance . 
Youd think id be able to sleep in after almost 2 days with no sleep ..... up since 5 D: 
Technology has a personal vendetta against me today . 
I love when people try and make a grammar quiz on facebook and their description says something like \Find out you're grammar knowledge ! \ " Oh the irony . " 
So if I'm a liar and you're a thief at least we both know where the other one sleeps . 
Apparently my look a like is keanu reaves .... I dont see it .... Im just glad I didnt get a < PROPMALE > brother because apparently thats what people tell me . 
A man with a watch knows what time it is . A man with two watches is never sure . 
Im wearing my hair in a ponytail for the first time .... it feels so weird .... 
I win by default . 
If this sentence is true , the world will end in a week . 
A law student agrees to pay his teacher after winning his first case . The teacher then sues the student ( who has not yet won a case ) for payment . 
Unconciously Screaming . 
This status ' sole purpose is to push everything on my wall 1 step back . 
home ... 
Hi < PROPFIRST > 
Books <3 
Wow I just saw that some people actually still believe the geocentric model of the universe is accurate . 
We were fated to pretend . 
You know you only hurt yourself out of spite I guess you'd rather be a martyr tonight . 
I love in movies when they have a flashback to when they were a kid and their eye color is different XD 
Just curious , has anyone take an IQ test ? 
I know right ? 
I fail ! :S 
WTB sleep . 
New phone same number . I might need your number though unless ive had it for over 2-3 years because it would be already stored on my oldest phone . 
Just found out last night im going to be a father . 
Sans fear 
People who plug their computer keyboards into hi-fi systems aren't idiots . That would be stereotyping . 
Never take life seriously . Nobody gets out alive anyway . 
My advice to you is get married : if you find a good wife you'll be happy ; if not , you'll become a philosopher . - Socrates 
A prisoner's favorite punctuation < PROPFIRST > is the period . It < PROPFIRST > s the end of his sentence . 
Quantum mechanics makes my head expload D: 
Thank you , Ibuprofen . 
sh 
There are certain side effects to an imaginative mind . 
< PROPFEMALE > Police =) 
sick 
Another promise , another scene , another packaged lie to keep us trapped in greed . 
one step in the right direction 
What would you do for a klondike bar ? I have been asked this question ad nauseam . 
Shock me like an electric eel ;D 
Nothing's going to change my world . 
I can not conceive of the impossible . If you can then it might just be your downfall . 
You can like comments of comments now ? wow .... 
full D: 
UHHH I hate mosquito bites 
Sometimes ..... life is just too funny . I laugh at circumstances no matter how negative . Have a laugh with me . 
Just had some wonderful coffee from starbucks ;D 
WTB caffeine 
My past two wall posts were about either coffee or caffeine .... I feel like < PROPFEMALE > now ... Fail ! 
Fail fail fail fail fail 
I cant do my < PROPFIRST > voice anymore .... O= 
The Who is my latest addiction . 
Saw Inception last night . It was awesome ;D 
Studying for bio ... probably going to be doing this for the rest of the week .... D: 
Yay I got a job =) 
Nasa discovers life made with arsenic .... hmmmm one man's poison is another organisms < PROPFEMALE > . 
#91 I have no idea what any of this number crap means ! But I know we had some good times , and deep conversations . Most of that has faded , but that would be cool to get back to , and I know history has a tendency to repeat itself . You may be more sane than me , but that's all relative to the norm anyways . BTW You're not as predictable as I say you are :P 
If you havnt tried spicy nacho doritos ... go get yourself a bag .... no they didnt pay me to say that .... they're just really good . 
My phone's touch screen is really irritating me . 
