Moving forward and not looking back 

Feeling bad for Lindsey .... Sorry about your car :( 
Looking forward to seeing my little ones , miss them sooo much ! 
Love the Quiz am 4 For 4 So far ! 
Relaxing before another night at Stoolies .... 
I wish Parenting came with a < PROPMALE > !!! 
Spending time with Mini Me :) 
Learn from your failures or fail to learn 
Happy Thanksgiving to all ... 
Spending as much time as possible with my little ones ! :) 
I hate that Germany kicked England out of the World Cup , but am sooo glad the beat < PROPFEMALE > , to be honest the way the the Germans are playing they deserve to win the Title ... 
< PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I can not change , courage to < PROPMALE > the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference 
Can someone explain to me what a day off is ? 
what exactly does a day off mean ? 
Its my sons 9th birthday today , wow time goes by so fast !!! 
Rules are just made up for stupid people that cant make up thier own mind ! 
Happy Birthday to my awesome sister < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Just another manic Monday ... 
Fighting the Flu :( 
Life is far from perfect , but my Kids and I are happy , guess that is what matters most ! 
I hope my children look back upon today and see a father who had time to play . Whether the work was done , or it was not ; Who realize chores are sometimes best forgot . There will be years for cleaning and cooking , but little ones grow up when we're not looking . 
Looking forward to the Father and Daughter dance at her school tonite :) 
Coaching Spring soccer for my kids teams at the YMCA again , season starts in 2 weeks :) 
Looking forward to the weekend :) 
Weekends should be 3 days long from now on ... they go by way to fast ! 
New profile picture ... Just before our first Father/Daughter Dance at School :) 
Praying for all who are affected by the Earthquakes and Tsunamis 
Happy St. Patricks Day everyone . Hope you have a fun and safe one 
Looking forward to soccer with the kids this weekend :) 
Having a great day , perfect weather , soccer with the kids all morning , trail riding on the bikes all afternoon and the park after dinner , I hope I do not fall asleep before they do :-) 
Made it through another crazy Monday :-) 
Insanity is doing the same thing over again and expecting a different result ... Am glad I stopped and still have ( some ) sanity left :-) 
Thank you for all your Birthday wishes :-) am spending the day with the kids and going out to dinner with the family tonight ... 
