Holy effing crap , it's mother-grabbing cold in here . D: 

Seriously re-thinking the cynical attitude towards life .... 
< PROPFEMALE > frakkin ' Christmas ! 8D 
Get me a HARD drink . 
... balls , man . Christ almighty . -_- 
Happy V-Day ! 
Going for a very long drive after work 
For the entirety of St. < PROPFEMALE>'s I managed NOT to have a drink - until after the wee hours of the morn , ' till 6 AM . Hangovers . x________X 
Please , please , please - let one of these companies hire me and I will stop sweating buckets ... 
Today : Quite possibly hired for real ! ALSO PIE 
Fuck you , pokemon . 
Getting shot down after interviews is becoming aggravating . The bank account being overdrawn more so . Surviving on my PayPal infuriating . I would like ONE thing . ONE thing to go right , at SOME point within the next , I dunno . Sixty years or whatever . 
I like being told to come < PROPFEMALE > out just to be flatly ignored by everyone in the room . Makes me feel like the ' friendships ' are worth it . 
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy . Y/N ? 
Thank you , Facebook , for implementing the stupidest feature I've ever seen - the last thing NORPs need to witness are half-naked pictures of me from a fag-tastic nerd convention when I was 21 . 
Quick glance at the news today shows most of the stories cover the SOTU address last night . In my late teens/early twenties , I'd have chastised people for not watching it , nor allowed myself to miss it . \ 
\ 
Nowadays , though , I realize the only thing worth doing when a President makes a speech is to get drunk with your friends , eat bad Chinese take-out and play video games . Guess how I spent my Tuesday ~ 
Hello , Facebook . Where the fuck have I been for two-and-a-half months ? 
All night with Minny and < PROPFEMALE > at Fitzgerald's to see Combichrist . FUCK I LOVED THE SHOW . Absolutely need to pass out ; long work week + six hour concert = TIRED AS SHIT 
' Twas out with < PROPFEMALE > and Braden last night ; simply marvelous time . But my stupid internal clock dictated that I wake up at 7:30 - seriously < PROPMALE > over . WHY DO YOU DO THIS TO ME , BODY ? WRRRRRRRRRYYYYY ?!!!!! \ 
I need an omelet . :| 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is gonna have to cut a bitch . 
So it's official - granddad's got COPD , still hasn't been released from the hospital . Family's planning a trip up to Pittsburgh to see him shortly . I always intended to go back on my own terms after I moved away and visit with him again , but I never thought it would come to this . \ 
Figures that's how shit goes down . 
Supposed to be at a bar with friends , instead , in considerable pain . FML 
Man , I cannot thank anyone enough who's wished me a happy birthday today . It has honestly been a day made of such complete shit that coming home and seeing all the well-wishes was a very positive thing for me . Thanks to everyone so much . <3 
I only have one vote - but I will not give that vote to any federal incumbent in 2012 , not after seeing the end result of the last two months of political infighting today . Neither the President nor my Congressional representatives in the House and Senate will benefit from me . 
It's not dropping out of college the first time that broke my back ; it was rolling over and allowing myself to become a sheep . 
I miss the days when playing a video game meant turning on your console and pressing the start button ; not logging into a million accounts , downloading a thousand patches and system updates , and have streamed commercials rammed down your throat . 
Third straight day of rain . Woken up by waves of it hitting the windows and thunder rumbling in the distance . So glad it came ; we needed this badly . Fires were licking at the city's western edge just this past week . 
Found an email from PayPal in my inbox congratulating me on blowing $5K this year through them ; considering the only thing I use PayPal for is to buy Warhammer crap on eBay , I suppose I'm living proof of the fact that you really CAN spend $40K playing 40K . FML 
Take a trip to Toys ' R Us ; buy yourself one of those < PROPFEMALE > foam axes . Put on your best pair of Cool Shades , get in your car , roll down your windows , play your preferred kind of power metal and charge down the highway swinging said axe out the window while singing - badly - at the top of your lungs . \ 
Treasure the looks you get from your fellow motorists for the remainder of your life . 
I'm really curious to know what sort of fuzzy math was used to conclude only 53% of the country is paying taxes . I sure as hell remember federal and state taxes being pulled out of my paycheck when I worked minimum wage ; I don't recall getting more than a slim percentage back on my return , either . I don't recollect being able to opt out of paying the sales tax for retail purchases , either , let alone getting a discount on fill-ups by excusing myself from the gas tax . Unless something's drastically changed in the last 7 years ( apart from this so-called 53% losing their sense of human compassion ) , I call bullshit . 
Flattus is dead . No . Fucking . Way . \ 
RIP , < PROPFIRST > - I loved you on stage . 
