ITURBI 

Streeterville ? Wrigleyville ? Printer's Row ? What is this 
Ecco la < PROPFEMALE > ... la < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > arcia cia a ... 
Demetri < PROPFIRST > , it's like you aimed just left of funny . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ... D: < PROPMALE > McMahon too ? 
1 . On campus housing TOO EXPENSIVE . 2 . There is no fat or sugar in this house how is life possible . 3 . So many stupid looking dogs SO MANY STUPID LOOKING DOGS 
just watched Der Rosenkavalier for the first time OH MY GOD 
oh huh , this is 4th of July weekend coming up ? Probably not the best time to try coming up ... 
< PROPFIRST > Pape more convincing as the < PROPMALE > than Ferruccio Furlanetto ? Wow ... I mean he's good and all , but I sure know one source of reviews to ignore now 
just watched < PROPFIRST > Pears as < PROPFIRST > Grimes , something that has forced me to revise my previous low opinion of him . It was great ! Right up there with < PROPMALE > Langridge and < PROPFIRST > Vickers , which I understand is weird to say seeing as he came first of all . But sti 
saw Corialanus at the Globe today . Now where's Dido ? 
anyone know of a good recording of L'elisir D'amore ? Everything I've listened to so far has been sort of crap crap crap < PROPFEMALE > FURTIVA LAGRIMA crap crap crap crap crap . I know it's the hit song but god is there a recording that's good as a whole unit anywher 
Finished Steppenwolf . Not for everybody . 
Novelists sure don't like the suburbs 
Time to get my final wisdom tooth out :( 
after months of failure , I am going to try to come up to LA for a day before everybody disappears . I'm thinking this Friday ? 
well that didn't work 
Airplane time soon , it's a vehicle that flies , but that's not important right now . Hahahahahah ... hahah ... 
Hi Chicago , what's up 
just saw Thirst . It was dark when I got out , and I was by myself , so I jogged part of the way home . Hell if I know why ... scary wouldn't really be the word for that movie I don't think ... 
Wow , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > was very small . 
Oh right , there is a diction exam tomorrow . Huh . 
Refrigerator : \Drrrrrr\ " Lights : \ " Flicker ... \"" 
passed all three of his entrance exams for theory and history yessss 
Hahahha Mad Men . \You can't sing . \ " \ " Take that back ... I quit the Tigertones because I had mono . \ " \ " I am so high right now . \ " hahaahaha " 
In The Loop on Opera : “It's just vowels , subsidized foreign f***ing vowels . ” Hahahahaha 
yes yes what a fun thing .... 
Reading Rainbow was cancelled ? Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
Wow , Vladimir Galouzine ... I've never heard anything quite like that in person ! My search for similar sounds has led me to < PROPMALE > Giacomini , so very productive post-concert internet session . SO COOL 
glerc blech hack hakk kkrrr 
I have no water right now . WHY 
Wow , < PROPMALE > insomnia attack . Might be a nocturnal weekend . 
It's surprising how much better Niel < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > makes everything 
Dead Like Me is such a fun concept executed so ... disappointingly . 
slept so much last night 
is gonna be eating various kinds of wraps for every meal for a while now . 
Okay , songs for bass/low baritone and orchestra : Songs and Dances of Death The Vagabond < PROPFEMALE > Bal Masque Old American Songs Ich Habe Genug The Ravel and Ibert < PROPMALE > Quixote cycles then all those Mozart concert arias what else ? 
wishes people could just agree on one perfect technique and have done with it ! 
No more student tickets for opening night at the lyric opera ! Hmm ... How unmissable is tomorrow going to be ? I'm thinking I may go anyway . 
\What's on your mind ? \ " summer programmmms " 
WOAH , tough day ! GO GO GO REGROUP DOMINATE AHHHHH 
cooked with shiitake mushrooms for the first time today . they're so smelly ! 
feels pretty ooky , but is going to try to power through and sing in everything tomorrow anyway . Good idea ? Let's watch ! 
ugg calling in sick is a surprising amount of work 
Hmm ... it might finally be time to get a coat . 
Haha the < PROPFIRST > Voltaggio montage where he's talking about how he's a great leader and a really nice person and they're juxtaposing it with all these clips of him being a jerk ... so perfect ! He's still one of the guys I'm rooting for though . 
DOCTOR MIRACLE 
stupid light vegetable and noodle soup you are the worst soup have you not heard of flavor i bet you've never even heard of the gym 
hmm how far is it reasonable to go to get a hard to find arrangement that you really want ? 
Does anyone else spend waaay too much time worrying about what aria to start an audition with ? Or is it an irrelevant point and I'm just stupid ? Grrrrrr 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh go go go go go 
it's a bird , it's a plane , it's a BIRDPLANE 
god I can't even look at nfcs . confused enough as it is ! 
oh my god rice cookers are incredible 
oww my back ... today i'm like 70 or something 
\The eternal passion stretches me apart\ " ---> \ " The eternal puhsshuun stroechuuz muh apoooooohh ! \ " Music by < PROPFIRST > Duke . Revisions brought to you by the letter F . " 
just ate a ton of sugar woaaahhh ... Explain to me again why I'm not ripped ? 
Vladimir and Rakefet are doing Dr. Carlson's Patchen Songs ? eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! 
Was just blown away by a Schumann symphony ... what ? I don't know what to believe anymore ... 
just lost an hour to scramble when he should have been packing . How are people getting such high scores ? Ahhhh 
It's pretty amazing how many hours are required to organize a presentation that is going to last no more than twenty minutes . This would be so much simpler if I could just call Haydn as a witness . 
hungry and got no food but it is cold out so I don't want to go out to get it ! Instead I plan to put Safety Dance on repeat . yes yes i will be fed by the power of dance in a strange medieval town 
I finally went grocery shopping . Picked up a small piece of raclette , not knowing what it was , because I wanted something to put on crackers . Turns out it is supposed to be melted over a flame or special grill and then immediately scraped onto some kind of bread . Whyyyy did I get such a difficult cheese ? Will just putting it right on a pan or toasting it somehow work ? I guess we'll see ! 
so happy ! dum duh duh DA dadadada dm dm dm dm 
realized today he had no idea what was in eggnog , and looked it up , secretly expecting to find that it was made from something horrible . It is actually made of far more wonderful ingredients than I ever could have imagined ! 
is on a SERIOUS < PROPMALE > hotter kick right now ... recovery is uncertain ... 
[ h ? -lo ? ? -v ?? -ba-di hau a ? ju ] 
I've learned my lesson ! You don't win friends with IPA ! 
was a huge baby when he had his wisdom teeth out a few years ago . Just splayed out on the couch whining constantly . His sister , however , had them out today and treated it like it was nothing ! 
was PERFECTLY noctural today . My sleep schedule is the worst it has ever been ever ! Ugggggggggg ... 
hey ! people can be non-crazy sometimes ! how pleasant ! ( knock on wood ) 
Visiting LA on Tuesday ! 
Why is there rain everywhere ??? 
I just dreamed the mob kidnapped me and was forcing me to host a toothpaste infomercial . The draw for the toothpaste is that it was used by athletes in the Olympics . I kept getting all the names and locations wrong because nobody told me what they were . A burly guy in a suit was getting pretty upset cause we were stopping so much . He was on the roof for some reason . The set looked suspiciously like my backyard . Huh . 
Hooo ... this semester ... am I right guys ? Wild ! 
Roses are red / Violets are blue / These are some facts / About flowers 
Woah ! I've really completely lost my voice from this cold ! This is so weird I'm not even that mad ! 
So , who wants to tell me what the homework for Shostakovich tomorrow is ? I'll owe you ! 
Hey ! I just realized : We're going to be gone all of Tuesday afternoon for production week . What happens to that day of performance class ? 
Oh my god , < PROPMALE > Rorem wrote a whole song cycle for bass ? Hold the phone ! Hold every phone . 
Everything is so weird all the time ! This isn't about anything really , just saying ! 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Langridge . He was easily one of the best singers and performers of his generation , and to my ears the best < PROPFIRST > Grimes who ever lived . This is way too soon . Thank you Mr. Langridge for the inspiration . :( 
Yes ! I finally found a source for the Telemann bass cantatas I wanted . One problem : I'm supposed to pick a humorous one , and the humorous ones are so tedious and boring , and the serious ones are so unbelievably great . Sighhh ... 
That's enough Mozart Requiem for a little while . Time for spring break ! Pfoooooouh ( exhale noise ) 
mmm delicious mucus 
Just watched Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind for the first time ! It was really great . Sort of shocking that < PROPMALE > Carrey is actually a good actor . I had no idea ! 
Oh wow this week is not kidding around ! Neither are the next two weeks . Or really the rest of the semester . Wowww ...! 
< PROPFEMALE > DiDonato in perf class today was amazing . 
American opera 1934-1954 , or performance practice 1600-1800 ? Can't decide , and I'm pretty sure I don't want to take two classes this fall . 
Dear Today : What ??? 
Umm yeah so this looked fun : PAY IT FORWARD : < PROPMALE > sy addition ! The first 5 ppl to comment on this post will receive a handmade something ( < PROPMALE > /music/clothing/poetry/food ) . As p < PROPMALE > of the deal , each person will post this and do the same thing for 5 people . It has to be handmade and it has to be sent in 2010 ! Commence < PROPMALE > sharing ! 
What a long day ! Maybe the longest day ? Our analysts are hard at work . Insofar as they are not imaginary . 
just finished the first season of Weeds . Wooaahhhhhhh ... 
This week is going to be MURDER . BRING IT , THIS WEEK . 
Two 1s ... and a 6 ! Hahahahahaaaa cannot WAIT for the comment sheets . 
Maplehoof 
Sir < PROPMALE > White , you make things better . 
No water ... again ... 
Congrats everyone who had a recital yesterday . You were fantastic . 
Ok jury yeah . 
Old movies are the best . 
Insane guy who spent a half hour yelling horrible abuse at the maintenance man who was trying to get him back into his apartment ... apparently locked himself out again . He is currently sleeping on a lounge chair in the hallway in front of my apartment door in a large pile of peanut shells from Five Guys . They are just everywhere . I couldn't make this stuff up ! 
Silence at last . Goodnight ! 
Hi thunderstorm . What's going on with you . Cool , cool . 
Woaaaahhh . Really lame thing to be excited about I know , but wow carpet stain remover is an incredible thing . Enormous stain just gone . GONE . Thanks , science . 
go go go go go go 
yayyyy sublet ! 
Ugh , going back and forth with a cart was going to be annoying enough without rain ! < /whine > 
Made it to Fairfax - so tired ! Thanks for the birthday wishes everybody ! 
needs answers 
Ok so one of the guys I live with put a glowing rainbow < PROPFEMALE > head in the apartment . I needed to know what it was and why it was there . Those were the answers I needed . Thanks facebook for making things just a little more existential . 
is re-watching The Importance of Being < PROPMALE > . It's so good . 
Everything is so weird all the time ! Like , generally ! 
Exit interviews tomorrow :( 
is going to be apartment hunting in Chicago next week ! Anybody have a free couch ? 
All * click * must appear * click * on * click * the up * click * and up * click * 
Apartment hunting : the worst ? Possibly 
Got too fancy with those brownies . What a disaster ! 
Andddd ..... Chicago ! 
Woah guys ! Woaaaah 
Picked up Lady Chatterley's Lover at a bookstore today . I guess I thought from the title that it would be some kind of < PROPFIRST > Dickens like deal . I'm a good bit in now and ... woooaaah what am I reading ????? 
Day 3 and I am already a total basketcase . Ahhh ! If anyone needs to store baskets , let me know I'm your guy . 
< PROPFEMALE > FINK 
Just looked over a lot of emails I wrote today . May need to go to exclamation point rehab . 
Friday went from empty to crazy like THAT 
is so grateful for all of the amazing people in his life . Seriously , you guys are incredible . 
So flustered right now I can't talk without stuttering . Ahhhhhhhhhh ! All good though 
Combed hair forward after shower today as an experiment . Gross results ! Parted it . Creepy looking ! Back to the usual . 
Quiche attempt one : not terrible . Needs more salt , diced onion , and some kind of spice . < PROPFEMALE > maybe . Whole milk instead of skim probably would have made it better too . 
Sing sing sing blahhhhh 
??????????? 
Why it so expensive to fly from Chicago to Cincinnati ? It's not that long a flight . 
Just sang for a competition , using only baroque music . This was not a requirement . Didn't even realize I did that until I got there . Yeahhhhhh baroque ! 
just saw an ad for a double breasted hoodie . like , with the kind of buttons you'd find on a sportscoat . absolutely no idea how to feel about what i just saw 
Can't sleep , too tired to do anything else . How's it going , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
In the tower library till 5:00 ! Woooo 
Wanna take a purell shower . 
I'm in a < PROPMALE > in Phoenix because my flight got delayed and I missed my connection by a half hour ! Free hotel room vacation though I guess . 
Sometimes after I've just washed my jeans , I store my wallet and phone in my sleeves for a few days . 
Ahh ! Need to find a pianist willing to play for an audition in Cincinnati on Wednesday at 5:00 pm . Anybody know somebody who might have time ? 
So many deadlines ! 
End of a crazy week of auditions ! Phew 
Wow I leave truly awful phone messages ! Everyone think back to a time when maybe you've heard me leaving a message . Was it terrible ? Yes it was . 
Lady next door is not going to get her sandwiches because she cannot hear the delivery guy . She is too busy talking super loud on the phone . It is a tragedy . 
Reindeer + < PROPFEMALE > Ball = Reinseer . Reindeer + Fancy Hat = Haberdasher . Reindeer + Pancakes = Blintzen . 
Just ate a slice of fruitcake for the first time . I am willing to bet that there is actually some really good fruitcake out there . Like , it's not something that absolutely couldn't be good . This wasn't that great , but I'm not writing off fruitcake completely over it . 
Feeling woozy from my flu shot :/ Doing good on junk food , running out of movies 
1/11/11 11:11 pm 
hurrrrrr COFFEE 
Felt like some emotional eating , got a brownie . After a bite , I knew that this was a brownie that deserved respect ... because it was clearly much older than I am . 
BAM three hour nap 
Laundry , haircut , dishes , groceries , vacuuming ... Five year old me would be horrified with what Saturdays have become . 
take those vitamins\ 
drink that tea\ 
yuss 
craving diner food . that or terrible mexican food . basically something highly processed and low quality . grease involved . wanna eat it 
Makes me feel better every time I remember how truly outrageous Jem is . 
Somewhere out there , there's an alternate version of me sitting in an office writing papers . I am just this really weird dream he's having . 
Congrats new Roosevelt/COT diploma program admits ! Not one of you that didn't deserve this . Rock it out 
SpaghettiOs for dinner . Keeping it classy as always 
my paper is like one of those magic-eye pictures\ 
it makes more sense if you cross your eyes at it for a while\ 
and then it is a sailboat 
just saw Real Housewives of Greek Mythology at the Lyric\ 
basically 3 hours of < PROPFEMALE > Coote being a beast\ 
awesome 
