HAppy Birthday sis Love ya and have a good one !!!! 

is really not feeling being @ Blytheville Walmart Supercenter on my off day !!!! 
Soooo ... bored !!!!! 
I was broken but he made me whole again ! Oh what an awesome God !!! 
is tired !!!!! 
Prayer is the key !!!!! This is real ya'll ! 
Lord help me My 4 yr old is trippin he done cut his hair off suppose to be sleep I am bout to cry !!!!! 
Is really not feeling Blytheville Walmart Supercenter today !!!!! 
Tired !!! Will be so glad when my work schedule goes back to normal !!!! 
I can do all things through christ which strengthens me . I am overcoming alot of fears that I've had and I give all thanks to GOD !!! 
is really different thank god for this change thought I was missing something ... you know how sometimes you have to see things for yourself exactly what I thought lame !! Conformation I am on the right track !!! 
All I can say is you reap what u sow !!!! 
Instead of always being negative think positive sometimes just because things didn't work out the way you expected them to in your life doesn't mean they won't work out in mines . Remember Failure isn't final !!! 
IS sending a very special shout out to my homegirl < PROPFEMALE > Andrews !!! I hope you have had a very special day !!!! 
These lil boys ............ 
You can spend minutes , hrs , days , weeks , or even months over analyzing a situation trying to put the pieces together justifying what could've , should've or would've happened or can just leave the pieces on the floor and move on !!!! 
Lately I been getting Jawina u look the same as u did in high school .... Yea but there is a difference I am stronger and wiser !!! This is some real talk for ya !!! 
Is ready or the next word !!! ! ! Tashawnda Mrsstevesralways Whitfield u konw what I am talking bout !!!! 
Nothing else matters !!!! 
Boy I swear these folks on FB be tickling me !!! : ) 
Recieved a much needed word today God is so awesome !!! 
We are products of our past ' but we don't have to be prisoners of it !! 
Bored !!!!! I really need something to occupy my spare time !!! 
I thank God dail for the relationship I hv with my sisters and brothers !! People eny wat we hv Tashawnda Mrsstevesralways Whitfield and < PROPFEMALE > Pope !! We not fake and Phoney with it !!! Its true love real !! I love you all !!! 
I would like to thank everyone for the birthday shout outs this has really been a blessed day !!!! 
Sometimes it's best to leave well enough alone !!!! 
Live Learn Love Laugh and Forgive quickly thanks < PROPFEMALE > Crenshaw I added a lil to it but that is most definately the truth !!! Thanks I needed that right now !!! 
What doesn't kill me makes me stronger ! 
Isn't feeling to good today !! 
When in doubt .... He is able .. I am a living witness !!! 
Temptation ...... 
God is constantly amazing me !!!! 
Ready to play q & a 
Q Are you still in love with < PROPFIRST > ? A : Never was I still haven't experienced love yet its a shame ain't it ! 
Q Y do boys say they did something with you and know they didn't ? A : because they want too or trying to impress there friends 
Q wat motivates you ? A : My children motivate me I am constantly striving to do better uz I want them to make better choices than I hv made 
Did you know you inspire me ? A : No I didn't but that makes me feel real special 
Really who and whar is she talking about !! 
is really not feeling black FRIDAY !!!! 
04 My bro from another mother . Truth is I didn't know wat real friendship was till I met u ! You real at all times regardless if it makes me mad or not !! 
2423 Seem to be super cool !!! Glad we connected on here . Can't wait till u make to Blytheville so we can kick it ! If I was still a drinker I would out drink u fa sure !! 
1100 My first real love ' my friend for life . I love the man that you hv become and I wish u nothing but the best in life !! 
0852 Cool girl seems to think I am funny acting but I am not I am just a loner Know that if you get any conversation from me you gotta be a cool person stay up and heal real fast so you can come bk to work !! 
Is blessed ....... 
I use to sit and questio God on why things didn't work out the way I thought they should . Now I am so thankful that he saw better things for me !!! Waiting on my blessing it's coming ! When he see fit for my to have it it's in his time not mine !!! 
Is looking for something to get into ........ 
Somebody sure need to tell some of these women in Blytheville Ar what a girdle is !!! 
is officially a college students !!! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Pope , Tashawnda Mrsstevesralways Whitfield , and < PROPFEMALE > Gurley-Rabah for your extra support .... I really appreciate u all . 
Will learn to keep my mouth shut and stop trusting people !!! 
Ugh !! I hate being stuck I am so bored !!!! 
bout to play this < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > game with my kids it look like its fun !!! 
I am loving this game !!! 
I killed my son on the old school < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !! 
RIL Aunt Vonne 
Off to school ....... 
On this < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > game again this is truly a workout !!! 
is really bored wish I was still in Missouri !!! 
Guess I will go to sleep ... There's nothing else to do !!!! 
If you got children get a job it doesn't matter where just get a job !!!! Do better when you can cause sitting around waiting on the right job to come to u ain't putting u no where but in the hole !! Go to KFc or something >>> I am just sayin !!!! 
Happy Moments -Praise God , Difficult Moments-Seek God , Quiet Moments -Worship God , Painful Moments -Trust God , Every Moment - Thank God !!! 
Is ready to get off 
Sinus headache'S AIN'T NO JOKE !! 
Getting ready to go to da gym !!!! 
I got much more energy since I been working out !! 
Today has truly been a busy day .... School , Gym , Cooked , and now off to work !!! 
In Jb .... I hate driving in da rain ! 
Gym time !!! 
is about to go get on my big broShunton Campbell nerves !!!! 
I am a women phonomenally ... Phonomenal women that's me !!! 
Good things happen to those who wait ....................... 
Really isn't feeling Walmart today ... I could stay at home and sleep in this weather ! 
Missing my boys 
