finding a job !!!! =[ 

is listening to korn 
kinda feeling under the weather and hot 
=] 
ehhhh 
hehe 
listening to rev theory 
my friend almost gave me a heartattack , how does a skinny person have one , stress !!!!!! xP 
one of the greatest djs ' is off the planet =( 
sometimes it can be tough living in the big apple 
wooooooop ! < PROPMALE > no longer in the smackdown why ?????????????? =( 
ahh headache 
the 69 eyes man ............ 
um ................... 
ladies and gents mr. hardy got arrested , lol woooooooooow 
huh damn 
wooooooooooow 
um .................... lol i'm lost 
listening to senses fail for some odd reason =] 
ummmmm 
faceless and inhumane is my new game , who wants to play ? 
epppppppppp =[ 
hellow world , yo ... i was on the 6 train right and i was sitting next to some dude that looked like he could be < PROPMALE > hardy's twin , im so serious man 
got sick thanks to the ppl in skool 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > MURPHY ! WE LOVE U 
< PROPFEMALE > x mas ppl =] 
just lost jimmy\the rev\ " sullivan . D = " 
london after midnight awesome band =] 
i never seen so many pussy people in one corner of the library b4 damn it sucks to < PROPFEMALE > 
hate messy people man 
ehhhhhhhh , condoms !! 
am i suppose to feel bad for abby , ehh idk 
< PROPFIRST > is soooooooooo awesome , blackest latino ive ever met lol black 2.5 
hungry like the wolf ................ and i ran , i ran so far away ........................... ( random)lol 
hate people yo 
grrrrr ............... im tired 
party with paris , drinks are free 
i cant stand people 
damn kalicha gave me a cold 
i think im not single anymore 
i finally cut my hair ! yay 
bleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep 
i got a prom date and it's < PROPFEMALE > 
so i went to this acting and modeling agency right , and it happened to be one of the biggest one in the world after ELLE and i happen to get picked , it was like 7 people who were wanted in i was in that group . sad part i cant afford it til the summer =[ 
im not CRISS ANGEL PEOPLE , he is the biggest cockyest people on thw planet , my name is short for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
i perfer being single cause than its no longer about me and someone else catch my jif 
it's weird how sometimes you dont even have to touch your worst enemy and she comes out so fucked in the brain , jesse right < PROPFEMALE > is funny =) 
i hate when chani isnt around because hoes be thinking they tuff 
ehh i feel sick and hungry 
i may have kinda stabbed jeebus bc he denied my friendrequest , just saying 
Hey so what I like fruity peebles just cuz I'm eighteen don't sheeit 
love mgmt one of the koolest bands ever 
went to < PROPFEMALE > tattoo and visited their famous hotel RIP < PROPMALE > Vicious 
when life knocks you down seriously get back up because no one is going to care about you like you care about yourself 
only like three of my friends inspire me to get off my butt , nuni , kali and < PROPFEMALE > and that's cause even if they get hit by a car these chicks keep going nothing slow them down , they are ambitious lol 
it's one thing if you shitting on somebody because you want to it's another thing if you shitting on somebody because your friends want you too , and it's even worst when you do it without a real purpose 
no what chani did she stalked < PROPMALE > yesterday lol 
i dont think my date is going to prom so who wants a free prom ticket ? 
going natural tommorrow 
why god why 
yo < PROPFIRST > gray died holy shit 
feeeelin odee tired 
im soooooooooo sorry ros i didnt mean it lol if it helps we got an A 
fake ass ppl doing fake out things lol 
yo cant go to skool , miss my test , damn 
skool safety meeting , missed my test make up for that , some bullsheeit 
i had to ask to be normal and go to high skool , wy ? why ? i shoulda did home skool 
yoo rihanna got < PROPFIRST > making different career moves lol 
if i was a man i would be drunk with power , knowing that i < PROPFEMALE > had a penis epic people 
i feels so outta place ............. lol 
feeeeeelin like hell and got skool damn 
nooooooooooooo one came 2 skoool nooooo one 
Clarissa-Legal . Pinay . Nooh Yawk . Above the influence . Dreamer . Believer . Seeker . Loved . \ 
If I'm worth your time , then you are definitely worth mine . Lets share opinions , keep the peace , and spread the love . \ 
* bomb . digg love it ! 
if no ones mad are you really being bad -n . months 2 < PROPMALE > simpson 
foooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood 
head is rocking !!!!!!!!!! 
cant go to prom blaming my mom all the way 
hot night ppl 
shoes are every girls weakness 
Danelky is mad nice and pretty u rarely see girls like that these days 
ehhhhhhhhh 
( 1 ) Crazy ( 2 ) I'd marry you ( 3 ) Talkative(4 ) Sarcastic ( 5)Lovable ( 6 ) clubhead ( 7 ) moody ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled(10 ) mouthy ( 11)random ( 12 ) Hot ( 13 ) Funny ( 14 ) fit(15 ) amazing ( 16 ) Beautiful ( 17 ) Cute ( 18 ) rude ( 19 ) simple(20)cool 
sick !!!!!!! 
tired 
buried deep in papers yo 
Jossye Martinez was the best girlfriend a girl could have lmao 
going to hospital in morning , odee sick 
hope everyones having a blast =) 
bettersweet feeling about missing prom 
skoooooooooooool , got go help < PROPFIRST > out 
thanks beats nice yearbook message 
i had no power for a whole day 
ehh so sick ............. 
and you are the only exception 
got that math test today ................... silent yeah 
yo ms < PROPFEMALE > sucks as a teacher , bet me missing her class helped me passed that test 
in need of a hug 
when i sleep im counting the cash not the sheep 
lot of things on my mind that i feel i need to express 
i really really miss < PROPFEMALE > , feel mad lonely 
(>.<) 
test !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
test was harder than hard 
going to connect with spanish side tonight 
not going to graduation ppl , it's complicated 
1 test man , one damn test !!!!!!! ARGGGG 
okay turns out i do get to walk ....................... yay !!!!!! (>.<) ( jojo face)lmao 
doing the classic hollywood inspired by a special friend =] 
watched better than good enough , that shit was tough ............ he's a good musician 
chani pushed for me to walk , i always knew that trick would come to good use jp , lmao but yeah that's a sweet ass friend , love ya booty buddyxp 
=D yay !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! big day today 
day would've been perfect if < PROPFEMALE > ( my better half ) , joanna , junil and < PROPFEMALE > were there =] 
everyone even ppl i cant stand looked nice , congrats to ya all ......... and and remember to leave is to die so live your days like your last , with guns blazing =] 
all work and no play but really searching for a job lol 
glad the madness ended 
omg 
okay this very important , much needed advice im going to pass on okay , you cant fix stupid , stupid !! lol 
i think im becoming a drugie for family guy lately 
only chani would have me missing a good day fixing her shit lol 
ooh so tired 
today is a busy busy day and it's only 2 
cruzin ' just cruzin ' 
holding jesus hostage for not accepting my friend request 
just randomly like thinking of stupid shit 
missing the fight argg !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no < PROPMALE > xp 
he woooooooon , my future won , team < PROPMALE > man 
today was fun , hung out , got wet , ate pizza farted and moved on lmao , imma do it again sometime 
im California bound !!!!!!!!!! cant wait to go back 
it's everyone's birthday today 
went on lots of dates this year and may i say ....... nope i dont want no one , nobody . i like being by myself , i thought i really needed a man , turns out no i dont , i love being alone , aint got to meet no one expectations of me , all me all alone , happy as can be . i dont want nobody thanks to < PROPFIRST > i realized that i can do all bad by myself =D 
love some chicken right now 
listening to made drake for no reason 
bleep twilight 
grrr cant even go the college of my choice 
giving this math shieet another shot without the headache 
im so tired dont know why though 
going to play baseball =] 
< PROPFIRST > not working 
dont know why but i'm watching the hills for the first time ever , pretty interesting , like the music better then the show though 
the feeling you get when it's nine in the after nine 
9 more days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
jeebus it's been a long wet hot day today , i wanna play football !!!!! xp 
everyone is sick in my house , 
just woke up going to show and run around with the guys =] 
listening to master of puppets by metallica , love being a metalhead it's fun =D 
thinking about going for a nice walk , dont know where though 
got the liecense 
willing and able to roam where i choose 
so worried about the grandma right now . and just found out that my grandmother < PROPFEMALE > was a flowered child aka hippie weird lol 
ever saw a person that just made you laugh , like you dont know what it is about them but everytime their in your face you just burst out laughing and they think you being rude , i experienced that today and may i say it was funny 
birthday is going to horrible 
So much heartaches and pain Always on my wayLiving on living day by dayI got no fortune I got no past Just going nowhere nowhere fast How long does forever last\ 
I'm not living in the past for youI've gotta find my way thru\ 
Life goes on without any breaks I got it baby what it takes Dreaming on and on of better days So many things to get done 
it's my birthday , im 19 , ew im old lol 
chocolate cake !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
gotta cook , which is something i like to do actually 
think alot of people go and get tattoos without really thinking , they just want it because they think it's cool , which is not a good enough reason . period 
personal blackout at my house , only me right ? 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars , could really use a wish right now =[ 
needs to outside and chill 
if it's not one thing it's something else 
drained x_________x 
somethings wrong with me i've been sleeping all day because i can't sleep at night , i should go get that checked out 
kinda miss des =[ 
the best gift that a person can give to me is honesty , so far not many ppl have blessed with that gift so i tend to keep my distance , happen to have gotten burned too many times . 
fixing the < PROPFIRST > still 
song of the summer for me is have faith in me by a day to remember 
foooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood 
gave my sister my itouch , and i decided to take the little shuffle , just found out it takes 10 hours to charge , price of being a good little sis it's priceless 
everyday i'm slowly becoming a bigger ahole , i've realized that 
every girl wanna sign up for the bad girls club kwel 
i think i have a think for white boys lol , dont know what it is but it's there somewhere 
thought i should let everyone know a something about how ink for tattoos used to be made , so bare with me . tattoo ink used to actually be made from gun powder and pee . lol 
computer acting funny so imma let it rest and knock this thing in a hour 
=[ 
going to a bbq hope its not boring =] 
sometimes when i'm alone looking at my walls at night i be thinking about where i stand in life and where am i going to be in 5 years , something tells me im not met for the big city 
went to seaside thought the news was gassing i t.t urns out they were right mad ppl , MAD are in front of the js house 
im finding myself listening to alot of 80's music 
dont know what's up with ppl these days they say be honest i wont get mad and when you do the cut you off smh , thats why i like hanging with guys instead of girls 
??? (?_?) ??? got this from < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > =] 
Damn Legacy changed odee !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no more G-Rod 
freaking demon , hate being a girl i swear 
feeling out of place but i'm sure i'll fall back in either that or someone will push me back in 
my tattoo dream is going to be put on hold while i go explore my first love . photography!!!i'm putting it on hold though cuz im afraid im going to mess up . lol idk 
i hate win ppl pick at me cuz im not doing what they want , in my my mind it's like do you and let me do me 
stomach hurt , had too much sushi 
getting ready to go to yankee stadium to help my mom , this should be fun 
last night was excellent i had a blast , can wait til the players come back though 
im going to sit back and do something i want to do , which is currently make-up , i should get paid for doing something i love to do right ? 
one thing a fake person hates with a passion is someone who can't help being honest , if you real you dont have to say it people can sense it 
i messed up my knee so bad cant play soccer or football >:( 
today is MJ and < PROPMALE > hardy's bday sweeeeeeeeeeeet 
i firmly believe that it is my duty to eat up a friend's birthday cake before they see it , it's only fair 
how the heck does can i , me , i run out of kool-aid , what the hell is up with that picture ? 
fashion police on E ! 
job interview tomorrow , so nervous , i feel sick , i'm losing my voice . 
the lady at mcdonald's cut my interview short because i didnt want to come to work at 5:30 
my family is so selfish , it's crazy how sucky people can really be 
hungry like the wolf 
freedom is the main key to success 
i dont know how to be selfish , which is a bad thing in my case 
got the only cold synthoms 
school is tomorrow , and its senior year for some of you guys !!!! good luck man 
wishing ya a good first day back 
my sis is on cruches !!!! if spelled right lol 
the VMA'S are going to suck ass this year 
im so focused on getting a job right now , its crazy ! 
watching how < PROPFEMALE > got her grove back , lol 
eminem , jay-z and b.o.b , epic concert last night =] 
how a girl got kicked out the stadium for being to drunk lol 
over the top sleepy 
daydreaming while listening to sex pistols god save the < PROPFEMALE > 
jobs are so hard to find ARGGGGG !!!!!!!!!!! 
sleepy as hell 
back in the city , LA was fun , ate at rainbow everyday 
my sister got her flu shot , she came home sick , and now im sick , aint that about a bitch 
wish life could be alot easier 
yo i never had a job that i got paid for everything i do is volunteer work , I NEED A JOB !! 
yo kat stacks reminds me of a special kinda girl i happen to know 
new family guy 9:00 =] 
when life hands you lemons , first ask god wtf and sale them for candy , =p 
i hate when im alone cause it feels like its just me and my thoughts 
RIP Grandma wish i would've gotten to know you alittle more . =( 
dont even know how to feel , cant cry for my grandmother cause i dont know her but at the same time it's like i always wanted to know her , feels like a < PROPMALE > lost but then again it doesnt idk 
gotta do the run of making sure everything is a okay 
never been selfish a day in my life , i didnt know cooking and cleaning was selfish but since my sister said i am guess it only right that i live up to the title she gave me . 
a regret is nothing but a lesson 
go see jackass 3d people 
hopes i gets the job =] , wish me luck god knows i need it lol 
not at my best 
if i got to put school on hold to help my mom , i going to be pissed !!!! 
headed back to VA for awhile 
went trick or treating with the bro , it was fun =] 
hi facebook !!! 
dont always have to be down for whatever to be a true friend 
a day to remember really was something to remember lol 
life is all about making sacrifices 
simpsons !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =] 
yo why when peoplanswer quetions about me they always putyes fo going hunting , I DONT GO HUNTING PEOPLE !!!!!! 
far east movement-like a g6 
damn < PROPMALE > blowing people up hard lmao 
so sleepy waiting on chani 
hungry =( 
watching supernatural !!!!!!!!!!! Fairy hour lol 
today wasnt as bad as i thought it would be , easy relaxed kool day with the family 
helping a < PROPMALE > can sometimes be exhausting 
my mom and i will never see eye to eye and for the first time in years i'm perfectly fine with that because just like she cant change me i cant change her , we are who we are 
< PROPFIRST > lennon-imagine 
( ??? ? ) 
didnt even have turkey this year had roast beef and fried chicken lol talk about lazy ass family 
over worked and trying to help my mom , at least i feel better to continue my job search 
2 week notice on me moving out being at home just isnt worth fighting with my family about my sister being boy crazy 
do my own dirty work why would i need you ? lol 
whats with this number crap . please explain !!!! 
life is beautiful depending on where you're standing 
if an opportunity doesn't appear go find one or go out and make one appear 
need a new pair of converse badly 
riding the wave !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
life will never be black and white it shall always remain grey 
< PROPFEMALE > xmas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! dont know about you guys but imma go watch 8 crazy night 
O.O !!!!!! 
anaya is the poking master =P 
seen better mornings people 
hate when people drown in 3 feet of water 
finally pick a school i like and she wont give me her paperwork for it , this is starting to make me mad 
Latenight dreaming 
I used to be so angry when people would talk crap about me but now i welcome it because if i was meant to be like by everyone i would be but im not so ..... fuck it . 
All the boys-keri hilson 
Cant wait Til the 31th go yankees !!!! 
One shot for my pain One drag for my sorrows get messed up today ill be okay tomorrow-Bruno Mars 
Stopped dreaming and started living-Corey T . 
Fall for your type-Jamie foxx f . Drake 
