brand new 

is very confused 
Happy New Year evrybdy !!!! 
jus chillen 
playin madden 09 
chillen . tired from band 
sumtimes band makes me wanna cry inside :( 
Nuthin on my mind . jus coolin 
coolin 
only thing between u nd me is the distance , please dnt get it twisted , forgettin wat i wrote or inlisted , nd i can only keep it 2 myself if u not listenin , shootin shots but < PROPFEMALE > missin 
spaced out 
lol = ) 
Basketball then cuzins house 
concert wuz hilarious 
good concert . lol 
need a break from life .................... :) 
hopefully goin 2 c avatar 2day 
lol : ) 
get at me bruh 
cuz wats a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > its most important fan is missin 
ok I’m all about it , all for it , I’m allstar team < PROPFIRST > , small forward , I’m never putting up a shot unless it calls for it , no hesitation so I’m shooting if i draw for it 
chillin at my cuzins 
chillin thinkin bout weneva nd wateva 
jus havin fun wit evrything i do . lol 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas 2 evry 1 hope u enjoy it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas evrybdy 
is any 1 havin a new years party . if so hit me up 
R U SERIOUS !!! 
that is nasty . eeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 
wats poppin 
chill lik the weather . lol 
chill lik the weather b , nd at this point if were racin there is no 1 ahead of me 
omfg it wudlnt work out anyway 
sherlock holmes wuz a good movie 
.............................. confused lik always 
ur evrything i've < PROPFEMALE > needed , hope u stay 4 a while expectations been exceded , best i ever had < PROPFIRST > girls not competin , evrytime i c ur face i n < PROPFEMALE > think about leavin ? 
talkin 2 missi . still confuzed tho 
have the feelin im bein lied 2 
chillin . good nite 2 the world nd galaxies beyond 
...................... hhhmmmmmmmm ..................... 
tryin 2 figure which direction this is goin in .............. 
lol that wuz helpful 2 the situation 
chillin . tired etc . 
real persistent , is anybody listenin , u cant have luv if ur luvin from a distance , if u c a shootin < PROPFEMALE > then u betta get 2 wishin , jus 2 regret every opportunity that u'll end up missin 
idk anymore :( 
still have not grown mentally , so anybody who's < PROPFEMALE > had feelins i've sent them away from me , nd wat < PROPFEMALE > they tried 2 say 2 me , i rlly wuznt listenin , but b cuz im stupid i end up missin them 
luv is lost nd luv is gone , gotta brand new feelin of not knowin where i belong , lik i've < PROPFEMALE > seen the world nd all i did wuz stay at home , nd wat i rlly want is the world ova 2 b known 
:( 
2nite is the nite that we put it all in the open , nd 4 this relationship i am always hopin , so please let me knw if u feel the same way , nd if u do then 4eva we will stay 
the world is a stage nd u r my microphone , she knw how 2 say the rite thing 2 make me not feel wrong , nd everybody else around me is gone , b cuz of u thats y my mind is blown 
denzel is a douche 
denzel is a supa jew devil worshiper . lol 
haha lol 
chill 
wish i could say im doin sumthin rite now . but im not so FML !!! 
reach 4 the stars so if u fall u'll land on a cloud 
awkward day 
happy 4 u nd ur relationship . cuz i dont think u knw that 
standin here , not sure if im < PROPFEMALE > needed , lately thinkin bout sum things im plannin on achievin , if competition is in sight then u knw im competin , ask me bout life nd i'll tell u im lucky 2 b breathin 
chillin . sick :( 
< PROPFEMALE > on time cuz my watch is broken , cuz i dont agree wit evrything they call me outspoken , nd i will < PROPFEMALE > evrything more now than then , this is where we begin 
W . E 
outta sight , outta mind , i am always outerspace so i will b hard 2 find 
aburrido de mi mente !!! 
el amor es mi < PROPFEMALE > y Im que va a tomar el tiempo para el amor que el derecho 
< PROPFEMALE > quiere estar fresco , pero < PROPFEMALE > no es 
Entonces , ¿qué pasa ahora ........ 
life is shinin , havin a hard time tryin not 2 b blinded , no reason 4 a race if ur always behind them , cuz i jus dont have the rite timin 
is it wrong 2 dream , cuz thats wat evrybdy makes it seem , nd < PROPFEMALE > im explainin i < PROPFEMALE > say wat i mean , so im flowin through life lik life wuz a stream 
nd guess the times passed , i will give u answers but u jus gotta ask , if i wuz the director u would b the cast , i can c the whole world now cuz my window is glass 
part of me wants 2 try it wit her but anotha part of me thinks it might ruin us as friendz .................... DAMN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
found out more than i need 2 knw but thats koo . nd the nxt time we play truth or dare its on !!!! 
born in february . guess thats y ppl luv me so much ???? 
u make my day betta . lol 
seems lik evry tv show i watch is bout the same situation u nd me have 
looks lik the same thing that happens evrytime is guna happen again.at this point i rlly dont give a damn anymore 
i can c it all got binoculars 4 life , dont care anymore not concerned wit bein rite , u can say wat u want cuz im tired of tryna fight , so the only thing i'll have 2 say 2 u is good nite 
ummmmm ..... chillin 
unreal feelin . lol 
????????????????????????????????????????????? 
luvin life :) 
not guna try anymore . jus guna let it go 
lol ummmmmmm ........ Madi ur wierd but thats koo cuz thats jus who u r 
jammin 2 drizzy drake 
progression , progression , that is the question , nd im tryna answer them all witout guessin 
is it out of the question or could it still happen . unsure :/ 
nd the question still remains , have i gathered all the knowledge that im sure i will obtain , r u mad cuz im very close 2 taken ova the game , well i dont rlly give a fuck nd i suggest u get the same 
bout 2 go ova my cuzzo house after i go 2 the mall . hit me up 
thinks the whole situation is stupid but idk how 2 feel bout it 
thnks cuzzo u jus had 2 say sumthin 
slow down , neva seen anything so luvly , now turn around nd bless wit ur beauty cutie 
im so high , no 1 is above , nd im always hopin but u hide ur emotions cuz u afraid of luv 
left wonderin y , but the answer will prolly take sum time 
im here . time 2 show them wat it is 
do i fit the description ????????? (?????????) ?????????? 
Click \LIKE\ " if I have ever made you smile . Set this as your status to see how many people you made smile . XD " 
tryna find sumthin 2 do . might c her on saturday XD 
chillin bored hit me up 
practicin guitar . hit me up 
lost ............................................ 
asked her wat the problem is she said ur fukin awsome !!! 
chillin wit the fam 
y do i waste my time 
tired 
awwwwwwwwwww . fcat's ova already but i wuz havin fun sittin in a class 4 2 hours ): XD 
in outerspace . u should come visit sumtime . lol 
its startin 2 feel .... lik the wrong thing 2 do .... nd by the wrong of course ... i mean me nd u 
wat happened ? 
wit my cuzzo . shmazoa !! [(insider )] 
chillin 
thinkin . havin fun 
goodmornin 2 the world , nd goodnite 2 mars , cuz we wuznt born planets , we was born stars 
had a koo spring break 
Suis-je invisible au monde ? Eh bien , laissez-moi d'aborder mon éclat sur 
baby u can b my < PROPFEMALE > nd i can b ur universe 
Yo miss im on drugs [ insider ] 
lol stupid english class poem 
¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡ ???? q ??? ? u ? 2 ??? 2 p ?? u 
maybe goin 2 the movies later 
wats goin on 
I get my energy from my inner G I be in outer space , but I got inner peace So tell my enemies that they can’t injure me I know that irritates , you have my sympathies 
cant wait , can u ? 
i am me , b cuz we r us 
were jus ordinary ppl , we dont knw which way 2 go , cuz were ordinary ppl , maybe we should take it slow 
< PROPFEMALE > the lights come on ppl seem 2 change , nd all the familiar things in life start feelin strange , evrything goes wrong nd ur the only 1 2 blame , ppl who u thought were friends r the ones causin all the pain 
evrything seems so unreal , nd at this point i dnt even knw how i feel , at this moment i wanna sit back nd jus chill , lets watch our lives wit perspective stand still 
jus came from citywalk . ya'll r crzy . had fun though 
trust u dont need nobody else , the 1st person u need 2 try 2 save is urself 
bout 2 go 2 b-ball practice 
so tired from practice . goodnight 
ppl that i knw they always wastin time , alter ego but keep the same frame of mind , friends that keep it real these days r hard 2 find , so i skip ova the fake nd ask who's nxt in line 
chillin rite now . lik always lol 
havent been on in a while . wats been happenin 
2day wuz hilarious . lol 
i embrace it all , wake up in the mornin high then i free fall , but nawwwwwww , i aint jumpin out no planes , cuz my parachute dnt work nd i am not insane , please tell me how 2 change 
nd they say im complicated , but honestly im jus tryna find my destination , nd if u were involved then sorry 2 keep u waitin , cuz i dnt wanna say u impaitent 
searchin 4 the meanin u'll find it nxt 2 me , they tell me im the hottest guess we finally get 2 c , im feelin lik nas who am i 2 disagree , they say the doors will open up soon as u find the missin key 
Firstperson to like this status : I will have your last name for two days , Second person to like it I will have your picture as my default for aday , third person to like it will be my brother/sister on my profilefor a day and fourth person to like it can dare me to do something .... Post this if you dare :P 
dnt even knw y lol 
POKE me if youever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think I'm a good friend . INBOX me if you ever wanted a relationship with me . Comment on this if we have had good memories ... Now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on there status . ;) hahaha let's see 
they think im involved but im jus rlly in between , i speak my mind but < PROPFEMALE > rlly say wat i mean , luv is great but its not evrything that it seems , cuz i cant get u out of my dreams 
life needs 2 slow down its movin 2 fast , cuz all the special moments dont even seem 2 last , so im thankin everyone 4 everything i've had , i seem 2 b more concerned wit the future nd not the past 
chillin 4 now 
i dnt judge her , i dnt judge her , but i could < PROPFEMALE > luv her , cuz 2 her im jus a rapper nd soon she'll have met another 
chillin . need 2 find sumthin 2 do 
< PROPMALE > Grace is not very good at rappin . lol but he's still my bro 
i wonder how young you have to be to die from old age 
how dumb do you have to be to understand everything 
don't even know what's going to happen . idk 
thanks to Kirstyn Oset my new name is < PROPFIRST > 
Always gone but never hard to find , And since you can't escape me do I ever cross your mind ? Because all this is new to me , I'm learning to behave And still spending every dollar they encourage me to save 
< PROPFIRST > jus gonna chill 4 now 
Had a fun day :) 
Want to get in the Studio so bad ............ There's just so many things i need to say 
I don't even understand why i try 
Done 4ever 
What i'm living right now is this called life ? Or is it trying to get a big shine from a small light , People say alot of things about and they all right , Thats why i work hard all day and all night 
Like this status and i'll tell you what i like , dislike , a first impression , and a confession about you 
I guess when you expect the most out of people they'll always let you down 
Copythis to your status and see what people rate you . [ 1 ] crazy . [ 2 ] wish we went out . [ 3 ] talkative . [ 4 ] quiet . [ 5 ] lovable . [ 6 ] sexy . [ 7 ] strong . [ 8 ] dumb . [ 9 ] spoiled . [ 10 ] mouthy . [ 11 ] cool . [ 12 ] goofy . [ 13 ] funny . [ 14 ] awesomly awesome . [ 15 ] amazing 
Haha today is already hilarious . LMFAO !!!!! 
I'm looking forward to the memories of right now 
lol chillin with my cuzzo . not even much worried bout it though 
Summer is moving to fast 
Bored !!!!!!!!!!!! 
And when I leave don't forget what my name is , Cause one day soon i'm gonna be famous 
Haha are you serious ??? 
Coolin it lol 
Tired of waiting 
Ready for it all , Head in the clouds hoping I will never fall 
I don't tell you this enough but I Love You more than anybody else ever could <3 
Right now I feel so right , Like everything is gonna go as planned , And if it don't then turn off the bright lights , And tomorrow we can start over again 
Fast life slow money never seems to end , Starting off local this is where I begin , Reality is catching up so there is no pretend , Don't like the word lose so I play to win 
LOL you and your friends 
Nothing like the last but everything like the next , Not the greatest yet but i'm hard to forget 
On the phone with < PROPMALE > Grace and < PROPMALE > Dossiere LMFAO !!!!! 
Hip Hop school i'm the leader of the class , Need a cup for the swag get me a tall glass 
Bored right now 
Having fun . 1st week almost done :) 
Band Camp a little bit to hot for human people to be outside . Lol but i'm having fun though 
Bored . last day of band camp is the funnest day ever 
Bored !!!! :-/ 
Dont even know what happened . Yet im the main reason for it 
At school bored in introduction to film 
Last time I cry , Last time I care cause tomorrow i'll be gone and there'll be no one there 
got a new number so ask me 4 it 
tired beyond the point of tiredness lol had fun @ the game 
past go.to far gone 
So close to making it 
No explanation for the exploration , just hoping i dont get caught by the expiration 
Headed to the last game of the season . Its been fun 
Ready for New York . Lets Go !!!!!!!!!!! 
Chillin with my cuzzo lol 
Lol ya'll real ugly bihh 
Thanks you to everybody who wished me a happy birthday . I appreciate it :) 
lol today was a good day ................ 
Everybody got a deal , I did it without one 
Universal with the family was fun . Am i going to school \Oh No Not Today\ " lol " 
Like this and maybe i'll like you a little more . O no wait that won't happen .......... LOL no seriously :{ 
Don't even know why but i do 
Its all the same i guess , people say things just so they impress , life long journey you can find me on a quest , try to leave but she got me under cardiac arrest 
twistee treat too good :) 
Love will get you hurt and lies will be the cause of that , I can't keep up with my present lies they seem to just go farther back 
