We just got back from a softball game our team won 8-6 . Fun was had by all !!! 

Just so everyone knows I don't play . I just watch and bring water :) plus it keeps me out of trouble . 
THANK YOU ALL !!!!!! for the wonderful birthday wishes ! I\ll try to be better about checking my stuff . " 
To our service veterans , I thank you and your familes selflessness and sacrifices so that we are able to enjoy our freedoms . My dad was a Vietnam vet . To all active duty personel men and women , and their families please remember that we love you and we thankyou for your service to us . Happy Veterand Day 
I have many blessings in my life . I have a wonderful family , and great friends . I'm very thankful for all that I have . Happy Thanksgiving ! God is awesome ! 
When does season 4 of the < PROPMALE > Vader videos come out ?!?! does baby cookie come back and can < PROPMALE > Vader survive as gen manager of Empire Market ? ... It's pitiful I know but everybody has to have a hobby . 
would like to know whats up with my computer its going nuts 
just got srar wars trilogy on dvd at a good price at sams !!!! the originaleps IV , V , VI\ 
i\LL be watching them ... may the force be with you !! " 
Tomorrow is Thanksgiving I want to wish everyone a blessed , safe , and wonderful day filled with good eats , and great memories , :) 
I had a wonderful Thanksgiving !!!! I'm having a wonderful time with my grand daughters they are so awesome :) and so much fun ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone !!! I got to spend time with my kids and grand kids it doesn't get any better than that :) and with my mom and other friends . I'm truely blessed . also my friends from work you make me smile , a lot :) my Aspen will be walking soon ! i think she loved her first christmas . I know I did :) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!! :) 
Well another year is all but gone just a few hours till new year begins ... I can't believe how fast it went , however i wish all my friends and family a blessed and wonderful new year may she be adamn sight better than the old one and may our active duty personel come home where they belong to their familes and may my loved ones be safe and blessed through out this new year . HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!! 
My husband has been my best friend we work well together we have fun toghther we laugh together cry together we've seen the good the bad and the ugly together and he is the best father a child could have he is my rock and my world i love him so he makes me feel safe and we have a great home im blessed to have him in my life i love you < PROPFIRST > 
I've had a great night got to catch up with some friends and make new ones here on fb :) 
WHO KNEW >>> Face BOOK has an error on < PROPFEMALE > ... Really ... 
I say we boycot winter WHOES WITH ME :) 
I want you to comment on this status about HOW YOU MET ME . But , I want you to lie . That's right . Just MAKE STUFF UP . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same !! 
I , m a little late but Happy Valentines Day to everyone ! :) 
I had a good but busy day today hubby's work shop will be here tomorrow !!! now I can get some of the tools out of the house ! and he will have a place to put them WOO HOO !!!!! \ 
:) 
A . J . came over today we has fun going through stuff and cleaning little shed . Plus we had shrimp alfreado and brownies for supper and played words with friends . Really tired but it was a great day :) 
I'm glad for the rain but i'm missing my super full < PROPFEMALE > :( You've gotta take the bitter withthe sweet ... and that's ok by me :) 
Everyone should go outside and chek out the < PROPFEMALE > it is really beautiful !! 
This is a pic of my dog notice the dirty look I got for disturbing his nap lol :) 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > we love you and we are proud of you ! at 3:38 pm you will officaly be 21 . lol :) 
If our elected representatives run their personal household budgets as well as they have run the country's budget , God help us all ... 
Happy Easter to everyone ! have a wonderful and blessed day with those you love <3 
I'm loving our Easter rain :) 
I hope everyone had a wonderful and blessed Easter ! We had a nice Easter rain , plus mom , A.J. came over we had hamburgers potatoe salad and some of A . J . ' s bread pudding it was her first one Yummeh !! Plus I took some cool cloud pics they should show up sometime on here . I hope your Easter was as great as mine was :) 
My life is better because you are here :) 
