Sittin here bored in the hospital ! Been stuck here day number 3 now things aren't looking better for tomorrow either ! Save me someone ! 

corky !!!! your so pretty !!!!! all growed up !! mom says get that thing out of your lip ! 
well maybe ill get the < PROPFEMALE > of this someday !!!! 
What is your soul color ? -- My Result : Your soul color is Red . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/685461/referrals/status?aid=100001398674687 
Everyone's trying to accomplish something big , not realizing that life's made up of little things , thats whats important . 
Maybe God puts a few bad people in your life , so when the right one comes along you'll be thankful . 
To all my school friends yes i'm older than everyone ! But you only get better with age so i guess i'm better first ! Muah ha ha ! 
Started in a size 22 just tried on a 14 and they fit ! YAY ME ! 
got asked last night if my 15 year old daughter was my sister ! yay me !!! made my day ! 
Good morning to all my lovely family and friends ! Playoff today 130 ! Eagles and zebras ! GO EAGLES ! \ 
< PROPFIRST >;-) 
wow looking up friends from school lord where did the time go !!! were all grown up now !! i feel so old !!! 
You know its gonna be a good day when you find out your ex husband got peed on by his nasty snake ! LMFAO ! 
Go to the dr to get a cast put on my wrist friday ! Lets take a poll wat color cast should i get pink or green ? Can't decide ! 
i'm thankful everyday that my family loves me and old friends and new ! And that the good lord gives me one more day to share with them ! 
I'm thinking i need a life ! I'm already working on cheers and sideline dances for next football season ! Lol 
Its funny when your grown up and you talk to an old bf from when you were a teenager makes you feel young again ! I think i giggled ! Lol ! 
I hate laundry ! Why is it right when you think your done there's always one more shirt that didn't get washed ! 
MEN ARE MORONS !!!! I should start a support group for women called MAM ! LOL ! 
Everyone please pray for my baby < PROPFIRST > ! She's very sick can't even keep liquid down and with her diabetes that complicates things ! 
< PROPFIRST > is being admitted into the hospital ! She's very ill please pray ! 
Thanks to all for the prayers and hugs and well wishes < PROPFIRST > is doing better ! 
Praise the lord my hot water is FINALLY fixed ! Lol no more cold showers ! Yay me ! 
I'm thankful for dr oz ! I've always been a food label reader with a diabetic child and overweight one but thanks to his show i notice things i never did b4 ! 
A boy today was slamming into < PROPFEMALE > telling her move she pushed back to not be hurt shes has to walk around at recess holdin his hand right or wrong ? Wrong i say ! 
Wish me luck i'm getting ready to go talk to the principal I'll post results l8r ! 
Principal says he can make them hold hands if he wants how is it ok to embarrss a child as punishment ? why dont i have rights to my child ? Any thoughts anyone ? 
Principal believes its ok to force kids to hold hands and walk on the playground in front of other kids as punishment i don't Do i bring it b4 the school board ? 
Decided i'm going to the school board ! Gonna do my homework first tho read the discipline book and already have a speech prepared ! 
I'm thankful today for my < PROPFEMALE > and aly's step mom ! She's a good person my ex is lucky ! Society says we shouldn't get along but i'm proud to call < PROPFEMALE > my friend ! 
I'm so sick of bullys ! When are our school gonna do something about it ! My daughter tries to tell and the teachers wont let her So how will the problem b fixed ? 
My most awesome baby sister < PROPFIRST > passed her taks test ! You go tay tay ! Sissy is so proud of you ! 
Dr didn't get to the cast in time so my hand again looks like it swallowed a baseball ! 
Next stop .... A neurologist ! Ugh ! 
Well i'm doing something right as of this morning my < PROPFEMALE > lost 6 pounds ! 
So apparently < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > got married ! Aka < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Sounds like a publicity stunt since breaking < PROPFEMALE > comes out next year ! Team < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Happy turkey and lasagna day to all my friends and family ! Hug hug kiss kiss ! Yes we are having lasagna and turkey ! Lol gotta be different ! 
Oh ! I don't feel good ! Stuffy and body aches suck ! 
I feel like crap and now there's a stupid power line down so no electricity ! Wats next ! 
Headed to mesquite to visit one of my oldest and dearest friends < PROPFEMALE > ! Get to visit my old stomping grounds ! Lol 
Here's one : < PROPMALE > is sexy , too sexy for his shirt , so sexy that it hurts , that's why he always looks like he's in pain ! 
Eclipse !! Friday !! Midnight !! I'll be the first one in line !! Go team < PROPFIRST > !! 
Oh its on now ! No more nice mommy ! < PROPFEMALE > forgot her shoes and the gym teacher asked her if she was to fat and lazy to go got them ! I'm seeing red ! 
On my way to the school to deal with a bullying teacher ! Update soon ! 
Gym teacher is out til monday but talked to the principal and he actually agreed with me ! Something will be done about wat she said ! Score one for mommy ! 
Well aly's grounded failing math ! Don't we all remember when our mom's grounded us for bad grades ? They were awful so we thought ! Guess now we know ! Lol ! 
My baby girl < PROPFEMALE > got an acting and a dancing part in the christmas program coming up ! Go < PROPFEMALE > ! My drama < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Headed to get eclipse ! Can't wait for behind the scenes ! TEAM < PROPFIRST > ! 
Eclipse dvd finally ! Oh my < PROPMALE > ! 
Well my baby girl < PROPFIRST > wanted to give her mommy a break so she's cooking me a stew for dinner ! So so sweet ! 
Had a good night with < PROPFIRST > and the girls ! Ate jordans yummy stew and watched movies til we all fell asleep in the living room ! Can't beat those nights ! 
Having homemade chicken and dumplins for supper tonight ! One of the best foods for a cold night ! Next to jordans yummy stew the other night ! 
I wish someone would explain this number game to me ! Everything comes to my phone so i don't get it ! Lol 
Het to spend the whole day in the kitchen cooking for the actors in the christmas play for after school practice ! < PROPFEMALE > is mrs feziwig ! Whoever ! Lol\ 
Someone save me ! I'm drowning in snickerdoodles brownies and piggies in blankets ! Lol 
Well 30 or more kids are all fed ! And i'm beat ! Don't i get an award for this one ! Lol 
I have a roof over my head food on the table 3 of the most beautiful sweetest girls in the world ! And someode who loves me even when i'm a pain ! Life is great ! 
Scientists have discovered a cure for diabetes for men lets pray that one for women is not far behind for my < PROPFIRST > and countless other women who have it ! 
Dear god wat an i doing wrong ? I'm trying to help my daughter lose weight for her health but i just seem to fail ! I've lost 60 but she loses 5 gains 7 ! Help ! 
My hand is killing me my chest hurts i keep coughing my fool head off sneezing head hurting nose running could this day try and suck just a little less ! 
Headed to the christmas party with the in-laws ! Wish me luck ! Hopefully there wont be to much teenage drama this year ! Ha ! Right ! With me as the referee ! Lol ! 
I'm so so sick of wrapping presents ! I'm thinking it will never end ! 
Calgon take me away ! 
Good morning family and friends ! Its christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! Lol ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to all ! God bless us everyone ! 
Ugh i can't take this pain in my head anymore ! Blood pressure headaches are the worst ! 
Damn kids ! Thought it was a good idea to have a food fight ! Lost their minds ! 
Ok facebook lady friends here's a question if you had a choice wat would you choose for you a < PROPMALE > or an < PROPFIRST > ? Cuz who hasn't seen twilight right ? Lol 
Wow my kids are playing the old school games i played as a kid and wow do they suck at them ! Lol to much skill i guess ! Games now don't take any i guess ! Lol 
Wow my phone was cut off for a few days i think i nearly fell apart ! Lol all better now ! 
Well the newsman says here comes the snow ! I say bring it ! 
So there's birds falling from the sky dying for no reason ! Not just here all over the world ! I think we all better get our lives right with god ! Any opinions ? 
Its snowing in rio vista ! Yay me ! 
God please let school be cancelled in the morning ! I wanna sleep in ! 
A good book my fuzzy blankie bowl of soup and my bubba dog ! God i love cold weather ! 
Well < PROPFEMALE > came home from school early ! Throwing up ! In for a night of fun ! Not ! stupid viruses ! 
One kid sick one can't sleep and why wont my house clean its self ! Got a nice warm fire going tho ! 
I think someone is jabbing needles in my head ! It hurts ! 
Hey does anyone know anything about the hcg diet ? The pregnancy hormone one ! I bought it and i'm wondering wat i got myself into ! Lol i start it thursday ! 
Im thinkin me and < PROPFIRST > should practice some of the judds songs and audition for americas got talent ! 
Kids think were made of money cheerleading softball soccer and now theater camp ! Did they find a money tree idk about hope so ! 
I made a healthy baked fish and potato and broccoli dinner question is how does it taste ! Results later ! Lets see if the kids like it lol 
Well shocking enuff the kids and my old man liked the baked fish but omg how do i get rid of the fishy smell in the house ! YUCK ! 
I love my juicer ! So easy to get the fruits down the kids in the mornin now ! God i sound like a comercial ! Lol 
Ugh !!!! Lazy kids !!!!! 
American idol !!!! Starts tonight !!!! 
im aware im to old to make american idol but < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > keeps talkin about another < PROPFEMALE > joplin so me and < PROPFIRST > were talkin im gonna audition next season ! 
Why must i always get sick ! Ugh ! 
Well im on the last < PROPMALE > potter book ! The deathly hallows now wat series to start after this ! 
Well finished up the last < PROPMALE > potter book it was awesome ! But kinda sad to end a book series ! No more info about ur fav characters ! Now wat to read ?? 
Keeping my house clean is like trying to pick up a turd from the clean end !!! 
So i discovered this tv show i had never heard of called fallen about fallen angels ! Its really cool ! Why do i have a feeling there was just one season ! 
I hear < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > wants to play football again ! Wow maybe i can be a cheerleader again ! Ba ha ha ! Were to old dude ! Do like i do teach ! 
Wat is it about tears that turns a man into an insensitive ninny !?!?!? 
16 Years ago today was my due date with my first born !! My little angel !! 2 more days jordie !! Sweet 16 !!!! 
Wat the hell is it with men ! Always got money for everone else but to hell with their kids !!! Is there a dad worth a damn besides my step dad ? I think not ! 
Well one more day til baby girl is sweet 16 !!! Its so hard to wrap my head around it ! Where did the years ago ? Wasnt it just the other day she started walkin ! 
< PROPFIRST > is suckin helium !!!! Havin way to much fun !!! Lmao ! 
Happy happy birthday baby !!! My little angel baby is sweet 16 !!! 
A broken toe really hurts to put into my fuzzy boot !!! But my feet r < PROPFEMALE > cold !! Ouch !! 
Car broke down my throat hurts my toes broken my house is a wreck and the kids r acting up !!! Wat next !?!?!? 
Yay !!!! We at the least have a 10am delay !!!! We get to sleep in !!! Bring on the snow !!! 
I just went ice skating down the middle of my street !!! God ya gotta love bein a redneck !!! Were pullin out the trash can lids next !! 
Well i realized im not 12 anymore ! Went down to the school to play in the ice stepped out of the truck and fell on my ass !!! 
I dont like cold weather anymore ! I have no hot water and idk why ! I have cold water but that sux in this weather ! Any ideas anyone ? 
Ya know ive been griping today cuz my hot water is frozen my laundry pipe is frozen but thru this freeze maybe we should all be grateful for wat we do have ! 
Ok is there another ice age on the way or wat ? Ohhh but snow sooo pretty !! 
Ya know all these people from up north in town are probably laughing their asses off at us !!! If theres enough snow to make a footprint we shut down the state ! 
All the chuches r canceling for the weather but i just saw where this bi polar institute was open til 7 ! We can cancel god but not us crazies ! Lmao ! 
Well everyone else falls on the ice and busts their butt ohh not me i had to do it and hear my neck pop !! God it hurts ! 
After hurting my neck i had the kids make sure they didnt have anything layin around i might trip on < PROPFIRST > i asked < PROPFIRST > if there was anything he says yea air ! 
After hurtin my neck i had the kids make sure they had nothin layin around i could trip on from the other room i ask < PROPFIRST > if there was he says yea air ! 
Cheese heads are the champions my friends ! They kept on fighting till the end ! 
To friends and family i havent been ignoring anyone my phone was shut off ! ( tear ) but im back on now ! :-D 
Oh lord im being forced to play twister !!!! I havent played in 20 yrs !! 
How sweet my little < PROPFEMALE > just told me i deserve a christmas every night !!! 
So theres talk of < PROPFIRST > trump running for president ! I say your hired !!! Who better to fix the economy ! 
I actually figured somethin out on a video game that the kids couldnt ! Maybe theres hopes for my technologicly challenge butt after all ! Dont laugh < PROPFEMALE > ! Lol ! 
Wat on earth would cause a child to be able to hear a dog whistle ? 
Happy v day to all !! May cupid make ur love special today and everyday after ! Hugs and kisses !!! 
I hate school picture day !!!! 
Well i would say my part of picture day is finally over its up to them but well now my house looks like a beauty shop exploded !!! 
Yay !!! Vampire diaries !!! Team < PROPMALE > !!! Gotta love the bad boys ! Lol 
Well my baby girll just landed her first job !!! First one she applied for hired her ! Go < PROPFIRST > ! 
Well my little jordans first day of work is tomorrow !! Feels like her first day of pre k all over again !! 
So im following < PROPMALE > Somerhalder on twitter and he hasnt tweeted since early this morning ! And i think im going thru withdrawls ! Lol i need a play by play ! 
Ok < PROPMALE > Somerhalder is tryin to help the people in new zeland ! Lets all help him help them ! Donations new zeland red cross : @mrholymonster . com 
iansomerhalder : obvious lack of care for life in general by the mass public , govts , & corporations of the world are truly mind boggling . How did this happen ? 
Well its now been exactly 5 hours since < PROPMALE > Somerhalder tweeted ! Im so sad my heart hurts !!! 
So i just woke up for no reason story of my life lol but well first thing that popped into my mind was 16 hours til vampire diaries !! Maybe im hooked ! Lol 
I feel the need to go to covington < PROPFEMALE > !!! Thats where they r filming vampire diaries !!! < PROPFEMALE > on < PROPMALE > im on my way !!! LOL !!!! 
Please pray for my dear friend and her unborn baby im not adding her name to protect her privacy but there is a serious problem with her pregnancy dear lord my friend just needs a healthy baby to love with all her heart ! Please watch over mother and child as they go thru this difficult time ! Facebook family and friends please join me in prayin for mother and child ! 
Im so mad ! I started watching lost cuz i found out < PROPMALE > somerhalder was in it but they killed him !! In the first season ! This sux ! 
I believe i hate homework now more than i did when i was in school !!! Blah ! 
iansomerhalder : Man keeps dog in a box in GA for 6yrs ! But the county thinks its not cruelty . Are you kidding ? Feeds dog bread !? http://tiny.cc/l9dkb 
Net flix brought me a movie with < PROPMALE > somerhalder in it ! So i will spend the evening drooling at the tv !!!! Yay !!! 
Wow < PROPFIRST > durbin IS the next american idol !! He makes < PROPFIRST > lambert look like a puppy ! And i loved him !!! 
Ok friends and family text the word vote to 5706 ! American idol ! Its a vote for < PROPFIRST > Durbin ! Plus i dont wanna lose my bet on him !!! Lol 
So i just got back from the school from a meeting ! They say aly is one of the most extreme cases of a.d.d. They've ever seen ! How lovely ! Gotta love her tho ! 
Ceartin goverment agencies have to much power these days ! Please pray for my family member that the right decision is made ! God knows her heart ! 
Well its thursday i get to spend an hour tonight drooling over my favorite vampire ! Vampire diaries 7pm tonight ! On 33 ! Everyone watch ! Team < PROPMALE > ! 
So im doin karaoke with the girls tonight ! I swear i think aly likes to sing redneck woman cuz of the cuss words in it shes not normally allowed to say ! Lol ! 
Oh my !! < PROPFIRST > durbin made it top 10 on idol i havent lost the bet !! Muah ha ha ! Im never wrong !!! Lol 
Holy crap ! My dad was just on channel 4 news !!!! Lol 
Good mornin all u beautiful people ! 
Im a proud big sister !!! My college bound baby sister is a lady dawg !! Damn i think im gunna cry !! Go tay tay ! Sissy and the girls r so proud of u ! 
My poor little aly has a really high fever !! So shes in bed with mommie ! All prayers are appreciated ! 
Cartoons all day instead of my soaps with a sick kid !! 
Little monster ! Enjoys bossin me around way to much when shes sick ! Says mommie get me sumthin to eat i say ok walk away and hear an evil little giggle ! lol 
This is quite possibly the sickest ive been in years ! Im doing good to breathe ! But at least the kids r better ! But wheres my sprite and soupie ? 
Oh my aching lungs ! Pneumonia really sux ! Why cant i just get a cold like everyone else !? Nooo i gotta do it all or nothin ! 
Wats the world comin to when a 70yr old man feels he has to < PROPMALE > a store at gun point ! Is it that bad we cant even take care of our seniors ! Kinda scary ! 
Well one school project down ! ( Thank garsh ) million more to go ! Whoever heard of a project over spring break !? Thats messed up ! Just in 4th grade to ! 
So aly just started the new adhd meds today idk about this crap ! Shes been whiney and gripey and complaining about EVERYTHING allll day ! We shall see ! 
Wat on earth would make a kid admit to doing something they did not do ? Aly said she took something got in trouble for it and i found out later she didnt ! Huh ? 
I got into a fight with the vacumn cleaner the vacumn won ! 
Owie !!!!! My hand hurts !!!! Stupid vacumn cleaner !! 
< PROPFIRST > Durbin is the bomb diggity !!! I hope < PROPFIRST > BonJovi seen that ! He would be proud ! 
I feel so lost ! < PROPMALE > Somerhalder didnt tweet all day today ! 
Good morning all you beautiful people !!!! :-D 
Taught < PROPFEMALE > how to make an omlette this morning now were making braclettes about to head to the park and have a picnic ! YAY !!! 
Well the lady jackets varsity soccer team is winning despite an idiot referee !!! GO < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Im so proud of my mommie !! 10 days without a cigarette !! Way to go mom !!! 
3 am and im awake and wide eyed again !! Stupid sleeping pills dont even work anymore lord wat i wouldnt give for one good nights sleep !! 
Idk who invented spring cleaning im not liking them very much right now im wore out ! Shouldve done it while the kids were out but no we did parks and picnics ! 
Dang u know ur sick when u put a cold wash rag on ur face and it warms up in a split second !! 
Wat is it ur doin today ? Try it with a grin ! 
God packing sux ! I'm to old for this shit but kariss wanted to move im with me so so be it ! Asthma attack here i come ! 
Yes strangely enough today is mine and kevins anniversary ! One big joke i guess ! Lol happy anniversary baby i love our big joke ! And u ! 
Well me and kariss have our hair color on our hair same color to lol results to come ! 
My little cats in labor ! Omg i'm freaking and so excited ! Poor baby is screaming ! 
Well were at 5 now ! God will it ever be over ! She screams like a human ! 
Ok 6 weeks to go ! Who wants to reserve a kitten now ? Lol < PROPFEMALE > ur just down the street ! Girls need a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Me and < PROPFIRST > are being taken out to eat for once ! Were usually the ones taking ! How refreshing for a change ! Lol 
