Well Bday in 19 days ...... Who wanna chill dnt know wat im doin . 

Uhh , set up the occasion , I’m up in the place in , if amazing was a young b ! @$@ , I be going to jail cuz I be f@ ! @&*g amazing , whats up in the taking , I’m ready and Im willing , why the f@$k are we waiting , yeah , and baby you should bring your best friend , then you should persuade her to let me get some $3x in , don’t get offended baby thats just a suggestion , really we can do it like however you like 
My Days r getting better nd better ... no stress !!!!! 
In a few more hours .... HAPPY VALENTINES DAY TO ALL THA GIRLS ..... 
JUST WANNA B MIA ....... 
Y am i up so early im bored .... bout to go back 2 sleep 
chillen ... HMU 
Do you think guys and girls could just be friends without liking each other ? 
WHY ARE PEOPLE SO HUNGRY : there was a fat guy and a skinny guy . the fat guy looked at the skinny guy and said \when i look at you i feel like the world is starving . \ " the skinny man said \ " really ? because when i look at you ... i have a feeling its your fault \"" 
@ court 
Louisiana on Wednesday that's goin 2b a long drive 
in New Orleans 
Hé < PROPMALE > 
getting a personal trainer tomorrow gotta b up early in tha am 
You win some , you lose some , and some get rained out , but you gotta suit up for them all . 
It is only through work and strife that either nation or individual moves on to greatness . The great man is always the man of mighty effort , and usually the man whom grinding need has trained to mighty effort . 
signing out 4 tha nyte gnite every1 
Restlessness is discontent - and discontent is the first necessity of progress . Show me a thoroughly satisfied man - and I will show you a failure . 
out of surgery mouth in pain . 
Only those who risk going to far can possibly find out how far one can go . 
@ new student orientation 
@ Dodger game 
* INBOX ONLY * . Tell me something you always wanted to tell me , no matter what it is , it'll stay between us . ~ Re-post this and see what you get ~ 
We are all inventors , each sailing out on a voyage of discovery , guided each by a private chart , of which there is no duplicate . The world is all gates , all opportunities . 
Once you start your journey , you should be clear on where you have to end because your journey is already a success , once you are clear where you are heading to . 
Really dnt wanna go to Dominguez .... dnt know wat 2 do ??.... Father imma put this in your hands . 
Allow yourself to find the great blessings that surround you every day . 
“Man often becomes what he believes himself to be . If I keep on saying to myself that I cannot do a certain thing , it is possible that I may end by really becoming incapable of doing it . On the contrary , if I have the belief that I can do it , I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning . 
When one door of happiness closes , another opens , but often we took so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened up for us 
Champions aren’t made in gyms . Champions are made from something they have deep inside them a < PROPFEMALE > , a dream , a vision . They have to have the skill and the will . But the will must be stronger than the skill . 
I'm workinout oh yea ! 
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others , but to get ahead of ourselves— to break our own records , to outstrip our yesterday by our today . 
Well its 2:16 AM nd still up cnt sleep jus thinking ... Thank You Father 4rm delievering me 4rm these burdens , appreciate everything u done in my life . 
going swimming today . 
new # 323 439 9306\ 
BBM# 316A4068 
Half of the troubles of this life can be traced to saying yes too quickly and not saying no soon enough . 
Chozen wedding was tight ... man I want a girl w/ an accent 
watching football 
car stop wrking so stuck in tha car burning up not a good feeling 
@ home by myself for tha moment 
@ LAX 
LAX is tha most confusing place ever making me real mad !!!! 
Goodnight ! 
@ El Co 
\If u wanna b on fire for God stop listening to tha music ur listening to \"" 
\By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day \"" 
I want a girl w/ natural beauty no need for make-up if ur gorgeous already without it . 
This is I LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! Re-post if ...... you have an amazing sister 
\Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor \"" 
cell will b off for tha rest of this week nd wnt b on fb so if u wanna reach me gotta call tha house # 323 756 6252 leave comments nd message nd will get bak to u peace 
Honesty and < PROPFIRST > ness make you vulnerable . Be honest and < PROPFIRST > anyway . The biggest person with the biggest ideas can be shot down by the smallest person with the smallest mind . Think big anyway . What you spend years building may be destroyed overnight . Build anyway . People really need help but may attack if you help them . Help people anyway . 
\only in Christ are real unity and joy possible . \"" 
Finally 18 dnt feel no different . 
we'll thanks for all tha b day wishes appreciate them all . thank u again 
what should I pick Camaro 2010 or Hyundai < PROPFEMALE > coupe 2010 ? 
bible study 
movies 
watching the boxing match 
Inbox me a question and I'll answer it on my status . 
just finish running round the block got up @ 5 
watching Despicable Me 
What's up with everybody posting old school cartoon pics on there icon ? 
Watching Despicable Me for the 2nd time 
Drinking that good red wine . 
1410 Misses cuttie lol you were always hyper everytime I was around you . You always had a smile on ur face nd kept everybody else laughing including myself 
Downtown in tha morning 
143 without you I wouldn't have no one to wake me up super early in the mornings lol .... wenever I tlk to u no matter how I feel u always make me smile ... ill b there for through wat ever u might b goin through ... love sooo much . 
Good Morning Everyone 
watching Beauty and the Beast w/ lil niece nd cousin 
LAX in a few 
watching Cal game . 
“The key to change ... is to let go of fear . \ " , 2010-12-27 06:48:34 " 
\Less than %2 of the water on Earth is fresh . \"" 
LET'S GO PATRIOTS !!!! 
