Sigh ... I'll miss 2009 . 

Cinderalla had until midnight ... I had TWO WEEKS ... but I still didnt see everyone ~ .... oh well ... see you guys next Christmas . 
I like eggs ... =) 
I like my ringtone . 
if anyone needs me , I'll be at the USN station . 
for brevity's sake ... my new SN is PFCYeung 
is loaded ... on Pepsi . =) 
Anyone wanna duel me ? 
japanese food is a ripoff ... 8 pieces of 1.5 inch sushi ... for 12 bucks ?! 
keeping my swords sharp , don't mind me . 
I am a United States sailor . I will support and defend the Constitution and I will obey the orders of those appointed over me . I represent the fighting spirit of the Navy and those who have gone to defend freedom and democracy around the world . I am com 
My dad just found out Obama is the president ... 
back from San < PROPMALE > ... 
What ..., there is no < PROPFEMALE > 56 . 
chewing on raw beef . mmmmmmmmm ... 
people , if you need to contact me , please do so with a phone call . my texting < PROPMALE > is too high . thank youuuu 
I bought a kodachi . next , probably a few katanas . < PROPMALE > , contact me . 
People ... I find no point in projecting your voice when you are standin right in front of me . KEEP YOUR DAMNED VOICES DOWN !!! 
Lawrence ... I'm coming for you . 
took a taxi home . 
Will not be available for next three days . 
I'm back . 
Where is the love ... 
????? 
I'm a wise guy . =) 
Y'KNOW WHAT PEOPLES ?!!! NONE OF YOU CAN EAT MORE RICE THAN ME ! GOT THAT ?! I AM THE < PROPMALE > OF EATING RICE !!! 
I like strawberry milk . Don't really know , why , but to me it tastes better than chocolate milk . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > !!! 
when I find that ass who keeps smoking weed near my house , his head is mine . 
finished the Navy fitness test . 
The sword is mighter than the pen . I DARE anyone to prove me wrong . 
may not be able to leave the house for a few days due to family problems ... 
Lock and load . 
just drank half a gallon of milk . 
costco pizza =) 
Why does everyone procrastinate with their summer reading ? Why cant y'all just ignore it outright , like me ? 
Anyone wanna learn martial arts or lion dance , contact me plz . 
I can't feel ... can't think ... can barely stand ... I'm either going to have to sleep now or look for a coke . i think its in the kitchennnnn ...... 
I'M GETTING A DRIVER'S LICENSE !!! 
So ... if I put myself back up on friends for sale , how many of you would buy me ? 
My whole upper body is sore ... -_- plus i think i injured my thumb . 
????! 
Looking for me ? SF . State tomorrow , USN station Thursday , UC . < PROPMALE > on Friday . 
going to < PROPMALE > 
3/18 targets hit . just terrible . 
ah ... milk . and cheez-its . I love life . 
* sigh * ... well ... if I cant find a job in the medical field , I can always be a mercenary . 
\Pain is weakness leaving the body . \"" 
???? 
M4A1 Carbine = The most rigged weapon in CS . 30 rounds per clip , holds 90 rounds , crazy accurate , good power . and it goes through walls . really , not much point in putting in so many weapons in v 1.6 when this one is obviously the most broken . 
why is caramelldansen so damn addicting ? 
someone just fired off a . 45 round near my house ... 
Has anyone played Fire Emblem 6 ? 
i think im gonna stop by that bookstore on 19th Ave sometime this week . 
The hour calls . Farewell ... 
So , what'd I miss ? 
Iraq sounds pretty good right about now ... 
Will be back in San < PROPFIRST > by Dec 19 . 
The fact that we have a McDonalds on base is nullifying all the PT we do every day ... 
Why am I the only male in the barracks with a size 29 waist ? 
I HATE FLYING 
Back from < PROPMALE > ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ... for real this time . 
I GOT CONTACT LENSES !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Loading up on rice before I go back to base ... 
Changing my profile pic soon ... 
Final Fantasy 1 for PSP ... Not recommended . The Gameplay and storyline are the EXACT SAME as FF1 and 2 < PROPFEMALE > of Souls for Game Boy Advance , with only slightly better graphics . The soundtracks are the exact same as well ... better to get FF : Crisis Core . 
Damn drunk people .... 
The world's finest navy ... U.S. Navy . We kicked Japan's ass .... 
I was on patrol yesterday ... and I saw a dude with an axe ... 
Call of Duty : World at War is so much better than Modern Warfare 2 
I put a hole in the overhead while performing colors . 
This place makes me wanna kill myself .... 
is now officially CPR qualified . 
I just heard the english version of shen hua ... MY EARS ARE IN PAIN ... 
Just finished Call of Duty on Veteran mode ... 
ATT makes my blood boil . 
I use bacon grease to shine my shoes . 
who plays Fire Emblem for DS ? 
My phone is working again . same number . ( 415)-418-8543 . Call me if you need me . 
Love blooms in the hearts of young lovers on this day ... and I'm on duty . No love for me ... 
Love kills more than hate ... 
Just gotta put this out there ... I really really like pandas . 
If you got a notification from me saying I tagged you in a photo , DONT LOOK 
Whoever made that damned spam application that almost just took over my profile ... if I find you , I'm so gonna chop your head off ... 
My boots just caught on fire ... 
\Kung Fu is not about how many techinques you know . It's about how many men you can kill with the techniques you know . \"" 
Life is so much more frustrating when you can't just settle every dispute with a duel ... Where is the sense of honor these days ? 
I got ripped off ... 
I ... HATE ... LOUD ... MUSIC ... 
I drank 1 and 1/2 gallons of green tea . 
It's not the same ... 
Why are all these random people adding me 
I'm think I'm gonna buy a PS2 . 
What's dead already can't hurt you ... unless you're up against a Necromancer with Lvl 30 Corpse Explosion . 
I volunteered to go to Iraq . 
I totally just realized the clock jumped an hour forward ... 
Death before dishonor . 
I hate rap music ... 
DAMNIT , I DONT NEED YOUR TWICE-DAMNED HEALTHCARE . I WANT MY MONEY BACK 
NSU's are the most useless uniform ever . They are niether ceremonial enough to be worn on formal occasions , or practical enough to be worn in combat . WHY DO WE HAVE THESE ABSOLUTELY USELESS , YET STILL INSPECTABLE PIECES OF CRAP ? 
So ... I got Pokemon Soul Silver ... and I have 7 badges so far ... and two pokemon in my party . So much for \gotta catch ' em all . \"" 
who needs a sniper scope , I got a BAYONET . 
I HATE NKO ... 
duuuuuuuuuuuuude ... I am TOTALLY hungry ... 
This place SUCKS . A few months living here and I went from a nice tan to pale as a ghost ... 
Dude , I am SOOO tired of making my rack . where's them thumbtacks ? Here we go ... =) 
Forgot to put this out . I started smoking two days ago . 
I like Grand Theft Auto 
Methane is not flammable . I farted on my lighter and nothing happened . 
I should really stop drinking Red Bull ... 
Sailors have the biggest balls . In no other branch will you see an E-1 tell an E-9 to go f *** himself . 
looking for a durable dark-hued wood to make handles with . 
too many friggin ' parts on a . 50 cal MG ... but at least it's durable . 
Oh great , the whole barracks is on lockdown . 
Really high pitched voices are not cute . they're just annoying .... 
Warcraft is better than Starcaft . 
... And now I have 1(a ) more reasons to shoot myself . 
I wanna get assigned to an LHD ... or maybe an LHA , was it ? Some sorta amphib , preferably . 
Picking orders in 2 days . Hoping to be stationed in any of the following ... California , Japan , Korea or Afghanistan/ Iraq . 
And my fate is decided tomorrow . Hopefully a good one , but I'm prepared for the worst . 
Some retard is about to get stabbed . I dont care if you are drunk , drugged , or just flat out stupid , touch my friend and I will end you . 
Just bought SC : Broken < PROPFEMALE > and FF : Crisis Core for PSP . 
Failed the shooting tests ... can't leave Great Lakes till I pass . But on the plus side , I still have the fastest quick draw on the M9 . 
I passed the M9 test . Lesson learned . DO NOT DRINK AN ASS-TON OF RED BULL BEFORE SHOOTING . 
Orders have been confirmed , I'll let you guys know where when I'm back in mid-June . 
Gonna buy a gun while I'm back in Cali . Planning on joining the NRA . 
I like apples 
The U.S. Navy . Because we all know we cannot fight terrorism without elegant homemaking skills . Making racks , endless cleaning , giant f@ #kin ' human flags , ironing clothes , folding clothes and shiny shoes are a day in a Sailor's life . Moral of the story ? JOIN THE ARMY . HOOYAH ARMY !!! 
Okay ... Internet's up . Oh yeah , for all who don't know , I'm back in California . Will be reporting to NAS Lemoore on Sunday 27JUN10 . 
Among the various heaps of uniforms , weapons , and trash in my backpack I found a card filled with the wishes of those who sent it to me . Thanks , guys . 
Took the NHQC today . The good news ? I scored sharpshooter . The bad news ? Now I gotta buy the pin . 
I got a question for the ladies . Do guys look better with or without facial hair ? 
Do you think of the value of a human life before you pull the trigger ? I sure as hell don't . I LOVE YOU PAYCHECK . 
Almost payday . I love the smell of money . 
Got pictures of me in several different uniforms . Unfortunately , I left the cable that connects it to the comp in SF . 
I forgot how much I liked Lunchables 
Red Bull never gave me wings , Gatorade never turned my sweat blue . I hate you advertising 
The female of the species is always the deadlier ... especially when there's seven of them . 
Nostalgia is highly underappreciated ... 
Just bought Call of Duty 2 
It could all end so easily ... 
http://tinyurl.com/6xk3sq \ 
Guys : We should all be as manly as this guy . \ 
Ladies : Please refrain from watching 
Sometimes , there's things in life that can't be avoided ... You hate doing it , but it's gotta be done . Otherwise , drastic consequences can occur . I hate doing what I'm about to do but it's gotta be done ... 
Kimchi w/ miso , fishcake , and rice . I looove dinnertime . 
If I ran for governor of California ... 
Sometimes , I just want to copy someones else's status word for word just to see if they notice . 
Juk , Miso and Salami go surprisingly well together . 
About to see if < PROPFEMALE > ume makes a good glaze for ham . 
I wish SquareEnix would make a Final Fantasy fighting game . Like Tekken or StreetFighter , but with FF characters . 
Since I won't be around later , i'll say it early . In remembrance to all who died ( and their families ) on Sept 11th , 2001 . We still fight for you , 9 years later from the day that changed everything . Also , hope the loss will be minimal and that everyone who is safe now is kept safe in the San < PROPMALE > explosion , Sept 9th , 2010 . 
MAN that was a good nap . 14 hrs I'd say ... 
Its been a year from the day I started boot camp . Chief Plummer , Chief < PROPFIRST > , and Petty Officer (?) Turner , thank you for the training you gave me . \ 
And on another note ... For everyone in 394/395 who took the Pre 9/11 GI < PROPMALE > , our payments are now done =) 
I ... hate ... flies .... 
Cleaning guns is so much easier than cleaning trucks ... 
Love how the first thing I do when I get back home is hop on facebook . 
Didn't know it was fleet week in SF , but love seeing the Blue Angels nevertheless . 
Back on base . 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without the proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them !!! Yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first !!! 1% will repost and the 99% of people on Facebook won't have the spine or guts to re-post this . 
I saw a tumbleweed today . 
I don't feel so good ... 
Hooyah Giants ! 
Starting to reconsider a career in pharmacy .... 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everybody 
You can't just speak plainly with superiors ... so you just gotta suck it up and keep it bottled . But when the bottle breaks , then what ? 
Miss the taste of pho ... 
The hell's the point of fightin ' if I aint gettin ' paid for it ? I don't work for free !!! 
Got a free jacket ! Now I gotta shrink it ... 
It feels so good to be home ... 
thankful for my friends , family and my paycheck . Happy Thanksgiving ! 
don't wanna leave ... but I gotta earn my keep . 
Crap ... I'm outta batteries . guess I gotta go for now . 
I cant tell whether I'm more hungry or sleepy right now ... 
It's past midnight ... and I'm still at work . I WANT OVERTIME ... 
Weekends are not long enough ... 
hate it when my foot starts itching while i'm wearing boots ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas guys ( and girls ) . Keep safe . 
I don't even wanna look at another M16 for the rest of this weekend ... 
I'm an underpaid slave ... 
studying ... 
I HATE having to constantly sift through AMV's and dubs to watch shows on Youtube ... 
[ snagged from < PROPFIRST > Quan]\ 
Like my status & I'll comment answering :\ 
1 . Whats your name saved on my phone ? \ 
2 . How long have I known you ? \ 
3 . What's my most memorable moment with you ? \ 
4 . Do you mean a lot to me ? \ 
5 . One word to describe you ? \ 
6 . Would I care if I lost you ? \ 
7 . What I love about you ? \ 
8 . What I hate about you ? \ 
9 . Would I date you ? \ 
10 . You've just been dared to make this your status . > ) 
I've lived in San < PROPFIRST > my whole life , but I've never rode a cable car ... 
All good things must come to an end ... leave is no exception . 
I got through CPR training ... without breaking the dummy this time ! 
Add me on XBOX LIVE ! Gamertag : PocketCanteen 
Poll : Soooo .... I'ma st < PROPMALE > posting < PROPMALE > to FB soon . Fire Emblem or Final Fantasy concept < PROPMALE > ? < PROPFEMALE > based on < PROPFEMALE > 7 , FF based on Tactics Advance series . Vote by midnight . ( Don't even comment on this post if you haven't even HEARD of either series ... ) 
Meds finally kicked in ... 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because .. they probably need a good punch in the face !! XD <33 
I've never smoked weed and I've never been drunk . Post this as your status and whoever likes it , thinks you're lying . 
LIKE THIS STATUS IF YOU EVER TOLD ME TO PUT ON MY GLASSES 
I better iron those blues ... gotta look sharp tomorrow . So much fuss over one night ... 
In an attempt to stifle the accusations that I live under a rock , I listened to the popular song \Friday\ " on youtube . Living under that rock was pretty comfortable now that I think about it ... " 
This is ridiculous ... illegal immigrants are overruning our country , stealing our jobs , our healthcare , our money , etc ... just why aren't we getting rid of these people ? 13 dickhead just tried to cross the border in USMC uniforms , if they can afford cammies they can afford some damn papers . To sully a uniform that brave men and women die serving in , it's horrible . Those guys deserve to be shot . 
Call Me ! 
Okay , since notes don't seem be working correctly right now , I'm just going to say this here . I NOOBTUBE . I CAMP . IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT THEN SUCK IT UP AND DO THE SAME TO ME . 
WHERE THE F *** IS THE REST OF MY MONEY ??? 
F**K YOU SUMMER WEATHER . STOP MELTING MY POCKY STICKS !!! 
I ask that all legal gun owners put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you believe in the 2nd Amendment , and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this !!! ... I hope to see this re-posted by a lot of my friends . Remember , if we outlaw guns , then only outlaws and governments will have guns !! 
If you just got a message from me with a link , DONT CLICK , it was an auto msg by some weird app ! 
Like my status and I will tell you :\ 
1 ) How we first met . ( If I can remember . )\ 
2 ) My first impression of you . ( If any at all . I try not to judge . )\ 
3 ) What I like about you . \ 
4 ) My favorite memory of you . \ 
5 ) If you like this you've gotta put this as your status . \ 
\ 
Doin ' it again ;) 
