Why , oh why , did I not wear a jacket tonight ? I think my toes/legs/arms/nose/fingers will have to be amputated after what they've been through . 

Thank goodness for curtains that make my room so dark when it is SO bright outside 
Indulging in the best taco salad EVER . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , hope you feel better ! 
Haven't touched a computer in months ! Can't wait ' til I get my own ... 
Thank you for all my birthday wishes ! I'm still learning this facebook thing :) 
I'm back in the saddle again- I finally have a computer !!!! 
So I was going to make an apple cider punch for thanksgiving , but instead found this interesting cranberry punch . I may not be able to cook , but let's pray I can put together an awesome alcoholic punch ! 
Someone needs to teach me how to upload videos ! 
Thinking of a drink to make on christmas ... It will definately be better than Thanksgivings'- no cranberries will be involved . I was thinking about this Godiva Peppermint < PROPFEMALE > . Think alcholic hot chocolate with peppermint flavor ...? Or maybe I can substitute caramel for the peppermint ? I need feedback ! 
Just made a dentist appointment ... I just know they're gonna tell me I have to get my wisdom teeth removed . I'm so scared :( 
I have decided that the majority of my family is not sane . And I LOVE it ( but only cuz it makes me feel better about myself hehe ) 
So much to do , and so little energy 
Go Bearcats ! 
Staining this wood is just so exciting- In addition to bumps , scrapes , and bruises , I now have a couple of half-stained toes and the onset of arthritis in my right hand . Seriously , will this torture ever end ? 
Life is good : Was watching So You Think You Can Dance while texting both my mother and sister about it . I'm glad to have spread my love for that show :) 
Baby it's cold outside 
SO SO close to finishing this darn floor . Today : the finishing coat goes on ! I'm SO excited ! 
Kinda bummed ... apparently I put on too much stain and it is taking a bit longer to dry . Oh well , it looks so pretty I can be patient ( I guess) ! 
Waited an hour and paid $50 to hear a dentist tell me my wisdom teeth are coming in . DUH . I've known this for years .... where's my money ? 
I'm excited for my mini vacay ! It's awesome not having to work ... wish I never had to do it again , actually 
Goin to celebrate < PROPFEMALE>'s b-day ! It's about to be a crazy night .... 
I don't feel like doin a darn thing but make a snow angel today 
Can't seem to fall asleep ... 
Pepperjack cheez-it's and my mouth is on fire 
I think I might kill someone today 
Silly tickle in my throat needs to go elsewhere . Like NOW ! 
I wonder if my family would mind if I broke out the alcoholic hot chocolate right now ... 
Full belly + Benadryl + wine = happy < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I feel like I should be doing something but instead am staring at this computer screen .... I think I'll go watch a movie 
Got the sweetest fishnets today- what we doin for New Years ?!?! 
Still don't know what we're doing tonight ... I think it's about time we decide ! 
cheetos cheetos cheetos ! 
Woo hoo snow day for me , too ! Guess I get to sit at home and vaccuum ... and do laundry ... and clean the kitchen ... wait , maybe I shoulda gone to work instead :( 
Can't believe my \can of soup\ " car made it up the snow-covered driveway ! " 
I wish there was a cure for indecisiveness ( is that even a word ? ) . I hate not being able to make up my mind ! 
just realized how unproductive I was yesterday ... don't think I'll be too productive today , either :) 
My belly hurts and I can't sleep . Doesn't my body understand it has to be at work in a couple of hours ? Pull yourself together man ! 
Why is it that my off days are never relaxing ? 
Can't wait for Saturday to roll around- snow tubing with the fam ! 
Little overambitious this morning ... came in to work at 6 to find out I'm not supposed to work until 7 ... blah 
< PROPMALE>'s gonna pump me up today :) He's such a busy man , I'm gald he could find time for me ! 
House is a mess .... don't care though . Pushed everything to the side of my bed and hope I don't squish anything in my sleep 
can't stand not knowing 
What a vicious cycle ... folding/putting away the clothes I washed last week in order to make room in the basket for the dirty clothes I should be washing right now . Oh well ! 
watchin Freedom Writers ... finally 
ABITA- Oh how I love thee ! 
Thighs are burning . Either A ) work kicked my butt today or B ) it's from that new dance move I made up last night with an ice cube ... 
hates being ignored . 
pretending my legs have been amputated 
UGH i'm procrastinating . Anybody wanna work for me in 20 minutes ? ;) 
They say admitting is the first step . Ok , here goes .... I have a shopping problem . Hmm , I don't feel any better :/ 
Has anyone seen my good mood ? I seemed to have misplaced it .... again 
Bad to the bone . B-b-b-b-b-b-b-bad . Bad to the bone . 
Fell asleep in a most precarious position . Now my neck is a stiff as a board and I got a killer headache :( 
Fleece sheets , 3 comforters , a bowl of capn ' crunch , and a movie- no better way to start my Saturday morning 
Can't wait to get my face rocked off tonight ! 
Had such a good time tonight ! The Hot Cinnamon Monkeys rocked my face off . 
is ready for some changes . 
Was out shoppin today , and friggin ' < PROPFIRST > McKnights Back at One came on ! Oh , the memories !! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under your comments ... 
Hello cleaning , goodbye fingernails :( 
I totally hate shopping . It makes me do disgusting things . Like , why did I buy those lamp shades I may never use ? Of course they were only $5 , so really ... I guess that's ok ... 
Why am I not tired ? It's friggin ' 3 o'clock in the mornin .... 
The brave may not live forever , but the cautious never live at all 
does not enjoy creepers . Especially ones that stalk . 
My weather radio keeps going off ( yes , I own one thanks to my mother ) ... I hope this snow doesn't turn out to be a big deal-it's ruining my plans . Ugh . 
went to the vet today . Is anyone else aware cats can have acne ? 
Oh man , I'm feelin sexy in my thermal underwear right now . I recommend everyone buy a pair of these ! 
Badfish is comin to Bogart's on the 24th of Feb . Who's comin with ? Let's get a four-pack ! 
If you want my body and you think I'm sexy , come on sugar , let me know . If you really need me just reach out and touch me , come on < PROPFEMALE > , tell me so . ~ Rod Stewart ~ 
Struggling to decide whether or not to take a nap 
There must be something wrong with me- I've slept roughly 5 hours in the past 2 days and I'm still not tired ! Grrr 
Found it so kind of that man on < PROPFEMALE > City Ave to be using his snow blower and dumping a pound of snow into the street and on my car as I drove by 
Don't miss working nights at all . I'm just sitting around waiting to go in ... BORING 
feels like her badassness is underappredciated ;) 
T-minus 19 hours til the best birthday party ever ! Hope everyone can make it out :) 
Oh man , I lost one earring and my phone ... I'm more upset about the earring :( 
Was on my way to give a table drinks today and smiled at the thought of pouring hot coffee on their faces ... should I seek therapy ? 
Drowning in laundry :( But at least < PROPMALE > is gonna pump me today , so at least I have something to look forward to ! 
Wow , THAT'S what I look like when I'm singing and dancing while driving ??? 
I don't practice santeria I ain't got no < PROPFEMALE > ball Well , I had a million dollars but I I'd spend it all BADFISH TONIGHT WOOP WOOP !!! 
TACO SALAD . Hellz yeah ! 
I can't stop thinking about Chipotle 
Excited for the party tomorrow night ! 
This is a taco and burrito conversation . NA-CHOS ! ( Haha inspired by Chipotle :) ) 
I like dem Price Hill girlz ( where dey at ? ) On Glenway baby , fo sho that's where dey roll 
Not looking forward to working ALL day ( as in 6 a.m. to 11 p . m . ) . Dun dun dun . 
Why does no one want to drink with me ? I can't drink by myself , wouldn't that make me an alcoholic :) 
Idol gives me a headache . Or maybe that's the cold talkin ... Nah , I think it's Idol . 
My cat obviously doesn't understand the meaning of \seat check . \ " Jerk . " 
So glad to be in bed . Now I just need to recover from this crazy work/social week 
Can't decide what to do today 
\Imma make it rain on this pool table . \"" 
This chest cold can go away any day now .... 
What's the point of blister band-aids when all they do is rip the blister off upon removal of afformentioned band-aid ? 
I do believe the saying is true : blondes DO have more fun ! 
Beer a day keeps the doctor away , right ? 
I'm frustrated that the cheese slices in my Lunchable won't pull apart ! Grrr < PROPFIRST > Mayer needs to do somethin about that . 
Procrastinating , it's what I do best 
Laundry . Now do you see why I was procrastinating ? 
Bout to go horseback riding for the first time ! But first- Chipotle and shopping . Can't wait ! :) 
867-5309 
is obsessed with shoes 
Dunna nunna nunna nunna Dart Girl ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > chameleon 
Evil , I've come to tell you that she's evil , most definitely 
Are ya achin ? ( yup yup yup ) For some bacon ( yup yup yup ) He's a big pig ( yup yup ) You can be a big pig too ( Oy ! ) 
Why do I always pick the grocery cart that has a mind of it's own ?? 
Watchin < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s Excellent Adventure , waiting for UPS to deliver my shoes ! 
Ba humbug 
Can't believe I just woke up . Nyquil is the shit ! 
Can't figure out why I can't stop throwing up when there's no food in my body , and now I'm dry heaving . Time to call my momma :( 
Feeling better after 5 bottles of water , just wish I could get some energy back . Thanks for wishing me well :) 
Thank you to my co-workers for letting me go home today . 4 more hours of sleep have made me feel even better :) 
Stepped on a hairball this morning .... EW it was fresh 
Feelin super-special they thought to drunk dial ME just now :) They won't live this down 
Would kill for some breakfast right now 
2 days off .... what to do , what to do . I feel like gettin in trouble . Anyone care to join ? 
Ever wonder if the person you're thinking about thinks about you ? 
Quit your creepin ! 
Getting ready for < PROPFEMALE > and Bubba's wedding- so excited ! :) 
Holding pictures hostage from a \certain someone\ " who has TAKEN a movie from me ;) " 
Girl , you would not believe what I been through 
Never realized how much one misses when they don't get on fb for a couple of days ... and irritated my pics won't load ! 
Thanks to everyone who assisted in getting me to bed last night , I totally owe you guys :) 
So tired I can't even fall asleep 
Oh allergies , please let me be :( 
Party in the Park tonight ! 
Darn it my power is out . No tv . No reading . No food . No internet . Bleh 
Wisdom teeth are makin me cranky . Oh joy . 
Can't wait to continue my \year of firsts\ " tomorrow !!! " 
Lovin ' is what I got . I said remember that lovin ' is what I got I got I got I got I ... got 
No rest for the weary . BUT there is beer ... 
Missin my peeps from < PROPMALE>'s ... We need to plan a night 
Mom's burying someone in the backyard . Don't tell anybody 
I can't get no satisfaction 
What you got boy is hard to find/ I think about it all the time/ I'm all strung out my heart is fried/ I just can't get you off my mind 
If you're staying at a hotel and order room service , for goodness sake please PLEASE answer your door clothed . Thank you . 
What a great day to sleep in ! 
I need a masseuse 
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever 
Can a computer be super-glued back together ? 
Picked up 2 lucky pennies and was honest about receiving too much change today .... < PROPFEMALE > better be on my side 
Catch a falling < PROPFEMALE > and put it in your pocket , never let it fade away . 
Be afraid . Be very afraid . 
I think my computer is fried . Fantabulous . 
Enjoying my \me time\ " :) " 
Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! Can't wait for the wedding tonight :) 
Boop boop be doop 
Super stoked for this weekend ! 
Bat in my house . HELP ?!? 
Free at last , free at last . Thank God Almighty I'm free at last . Maybe in the morning I'll find the humor in being ambushed by a bat ... or maybe not 
Such a good feeling right now 
West < PROPFEMALE > ! P.S. Mcdonald's coffee tastes awful ! 
You've gotta be kidding me , I just paid $6.80 for one toll fee 
How many flat tires can i get in one day ? 
Computer is drivin me nuts ! Check out my hometown pics ... Times 2 thanks to faulty technology 
Grande white mocha , I love you 
could use a massage 
I love that my computer keeps overheating . Can't wait to get a new one ! 
Back to bein sick . It's how I roll . 
Cleaning is overrated 
My co-workers seem to think I'm a freak a nature . I won't argue that ... 
Found out I gotta pack lightly for vacation .... CRAP , guess I'll start planning now 
This boy working at chipotle is wearing a dog collar . Think it's safe to order food here ? 
Tired of being translucent 
Charade at < PROPFEMALE > Park , so much fun ! 
Cell phone is dead . What a surprise . 
Can't sleep .... yay for work at 5:30 . ( Hear the sarcasm ??? ) 
Darn it , I bought this stupid pocket calander for a reason and it's not quite doing it's job !.... < PROPFEMALE>'s bachelorette party tonight til 3 am , work at 7 . Thinkin it might be my bedtime if I'm to pull an all-nighter :( 
Where did this rain come from ? Sadly , the toilet paper did not survive :( 
I'm tired of being ' the nice girl ' 
Shoo fly , don't bother me 
Chipotle , you < PROPFEMALE > ke my tummy sing ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
Peace out Cincinnati ! 
Putt Putt tonight ! Lovin ' my vacay :) 
Are we there yet ? 
I have roughly 200 pics to upload from vacation but my darn computer is about to catch on fire ! Technology sucks . I'm gonna move to < PROPFEMALE > and kickin it with some Amish folk . 
'' < PROPMALE > Petty changed my life!'' :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is gonna get you , thief 
Why do the green icepops always make me cough ? 
My 12-hour ' cat nap ' has left me wide awake at 6 in the morning . What to do ? 
I feel it is my duty to let everyone know that fat-free cheese is a waste of your time and money 
I can't decide what to do with my hair * sigh * 
I can't believe I enjoy playing Bubble Bobble as much as I did 15 years ago .... 
Why am i obsessed with mexican food ? 
I'm feelin so country today , what's up with that ? 
Darn those mashed potatoes at work today ! They're totally to blame for my sleepyness 
'' Why oh why do I look to the other side cuz I know the grass is greener but just as hard to grow . Life's not about what's better than . '' 
Why clean a house when there's beer to drink ? 
How many more days till fall ? UGH I'm sick of this heat ! 
Hair dryer bit the dust .... RIP 
Using a past due notice as a bookmark makes me feel edgy 
Since when do you not get to pick a treasure from the treasure chest in the dentist office ? That's a load of crap . 
Oh man , my poor lil nose is red and I have gladiator-farmer's tan . Thanks , Jessyca Bruss for makin me not only endure \her\ " but also the blazing sun today ! " 
Darn it , I have library fines 
Love waking up to a drool puddle on my pillow 
Got a shower coming into work this morning . Refreshing . 
Learned some interesting things in Price Hill today :\ 
1 . I look like someone's eight-year old sister ( at least I still look young)\ 
2 . Letting your children run around barefoot in a grocery store is acceptable\ 
3 . When it's raining outside just tie a washcloth on your head ( < PROPFEMALE > strap and all)\ 
4 . Zebra-striped bags are also fashionable on men 
I wish I could quit running into things 
I'm hot , sticky sweet . From my head to my feet 
Was out shopping today and heard a little boy say , \OOOO I like this shirt ! \ " \ 
The children's museum and panara- best lunch date ever ! Too bad it's with my sister and niece ... 
EEEE I'm SO excited to see the Black Keys tomorrow ! 
Beer + friends/family + black keys and kings of < PROPFIRST > = HEAVEN ! 
It's great people watching here at the fireworks ! 
2 1/2 hours and $300 later- happy Labor Day to me . 
Man , I gotta kick this mexican food addiction pronto ! 
River kicked our butts today . Wait til you see my bruises ! 
Ice cream man at 9:20 on a Saturday night in Price Hill . Seems shady- I wonder if he's selling more than ice cream 
Did I seriously just hear a preview for the news about a mother teaching her toddler to smoke pot ? Is it April Fool's Day or somethin ? 
Oh Mr. Sun , Sun , Mr. < PROPFEMALE > Sun , please shine down on me 
What's that song Mom always sings ? \These are the people in my neigh-bor-hood \"" 
Passerby at Ocktoberfest : '' I just saw a hooker that smelled like your grandma '' 
Bummed I fell asleep but so happy to wake up to the Bengals win over the Ravens :) 
Just saw a bumper sticker that says ' Do it Sober . ' Any idea what that means ? 
Life seems so unfair sometimes . < PROPFIRST > , you are greatly missed :( 
Got pulled over tonight cuz apparently my tags are stolen . Gosh I'm such a rebel lately ! 
Aw man , I just saw the most disgusting butt crack ever . Wish I had a < PROPMALE > to look away ! 
Dear Nosferatu : I don't like the headache you gave me today . Please be nice in the future . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Can't drink all day if you don't start early 
Pumpkin spice latte , oh how I love thee 
Camping with my sweeties ! Happy sweetest day everyone :) 
Best cure for a hangover ? Beer . 
Two < PROPFEMALE > packs in one day ? This is ridiculous . 
Thanks everyone for my birthday wishes , and thanks to those who celebrated with me/held me up :) 
'' You can wish in one hand and crap in the other . See which gets filled first . '' -Grumpier Old Men 
I feel so out of the loop without continuous internet access ..... 
Just the thought of shopping gets me all giggly inside 
I seriously need some internet in my life . Why is technology never cooperative ??? 
< PROPMALE > is NOT the look I'm goin for . Go away stupid sinus infection :( 
My goodness , I think I've forgotten how to use facebook ! 
Anyone wanna go see Yonder Mountain String Band February 18th ? It'll be fun ....! 
I'm worried about my uncle's heart right now . These Steelers may be doing more damage than vacation ! 
Jenniferocious is never afraid to share her opinion ! 
Debating whether or not I'm going to survive < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday week 
Can never find enough excuses to shop ... Goodbye income tax refund 
Chicago is calling my name 
On the megabus and < PROPFEMALE > is knitting . priceless :) 
69 bottles of beer on the wall , 69 bottles of beer . Take one down and pass it around , 68 bottles of beer on the wall ... 
Ate Indian food for the first time tonight , and actually loved my dish ! 
So many things to do , and I'm not gonna do any of them 
I'd really enjoy a pedicure just about now 
There's something truly special about handlebar mustaches 
