im home 

< PROPFEMALE > Munn is definitely ftw 
the fridge is so far away ! 
Goin to get my job at Hollywood today hahaha 
Holy shit , i just beat run to the hills on expert drums =DDDD i feel so amazing . sadly . 
Another day of job hunting ... 
Oh no ! There goes Tokyo ! Go go godzilla ! 
this shit's boring 
I have not a cell phone anymores . I can still receive calls on it for the time being , just no outgoing . 
good day good night =] 
gots < PROPFIRST>'s listtttt kk 
baby cow tastes good . 
ello errbody , mah names < PROPMALE > , now shut the fuck up =] iono . 
yeah paranormal activity was fuckin amazing 
42-6 baby ! 
dont feel good ... 
Even the quizzes on facebook suck ... is there a point to this thing ? 
Fuck yeah for Colts 35-27 , 11-0 
Happy month of December , make it a good one . Patriots lost haha =] 
happy friday ! 
Colts 12-0 , miami beat pats =D =D 
Needs to see the Trivium , Chimaira , and White Chapel show on Thursday at State . Anyone going ? 
Colts beat the Jags 35-31 so now we're 14-0 =] Gonna be a good day , Happy Friday 
What a fuckin backwards day , TB beat NO (!?) and IND lost to the damn jets ... no more perfection . Snow looks amazing in Cincinnati , though . 
Eagles lost ... told you , < PROPFIRST > . =P Sucks though ... 
Jets gonna fuckin lose at < PROPMALE > oil baby ! 
Fuck the world .... fuck em all ... 
Riding psta to < PROPMALE > and back ... fun fun 
Everything will work out , just need to get through the waiting period . 
well im fuckin happy 
WhY cAnT wE jUsT nOt Be SoBeR ... I jUsT wAnT to StArT tHiS oVeR ... 
Progression is far , still a difficult end to come ... but with a beautiful beginning to wish upon . 
Just want it to be tomorrow .... 
Ready to fuck up anything that comes near me what the fuck do i care anymoreeeeeeeee 
Counting bodies like sheep to the rhythm of the war drums ... 
So late , so fast with nothing accomplished . What a horrible daily routine . 
Not enough energy to think ... 
Talkin to my babygirl =] 
Prayer is nothing more than mental masturbation . Work for what you < PROPFEMALE > , don't fool yourself with such useless actions . 
had a fuckin awesome day 
Internet sucks , weather sucks , school sucks , sobriety sucks , but at least i gots mah babygirl to keep me happy =D 
Nirvana is beautiful and amazing and i love it even more then i love pizza and circle k hotdogs 
Gettin some work did 
Walking on broken glass 
needs to shut the fuck up sometimes .... 
Always feels good to not have anything to be responsible for 
Life sucks without music to keep your mind from wandering off 
Shepard's pie is tastyy 
Anyone want to hire me ? 
Guess who's lucky enough to share initials with my heart throb , < PROPFIRST > Beiber ? ME . \ 
I <3 JB . - < PROPMALE > Briner . 
Trust no one 
Way to be a pussy 
The day needs to have more time and I need to get more out of the little sleep I get . 
Soccer sucks ... 
I <3 JB 
foot to the throat 
Girl , you know I love you , but now you gotta die . 
Hot pockets are so good , I don't care what you say . 
Have a good time ... 
One will never change how fuckin idiotic people are . Their ignorance is inevitable and will always disgust the fuck out of me . But , who am I to talk , I'm bitchin to hear myself bitch . \ 
\ 
FUCK YOU ALL . =] 
I want to blow shit up . Right now . 
Death . 
Going to see the most special person in the world . 
Nobody needs fireworks to have a wonderful 4th . 
Dead bodies everywhere . 
Everybody should get Google Chromium and download the SocialPlus dealio because there's a fuckin ' i don't like ' button on here ! No one can see it unless they have it downloaded . 
HIJACKER ON HERE UH OH , UH OH , HIJACKER ON THE LOOSE 
What a fuckin adventure . 
WHO IS SO FUCKING RETARDED TO BE FUCKING DEALING ON FACEBOOK ? PROPS BRO , PROPS . 
Rampage of murders go on And it won't stop until I get caught Got to run , killing time And bitch you are the next in line 
Madness . 
Like this and I'll tell you how much I fuckin hate you . \ 
How's that for conformity ? 
Quit putting so much \deep\ " shit on here . Nobody cares how smart or intellectual you pretend to be . " 
All you people will bow in happiness to my power . 
THE SCIENCE OF SELF-REALIZATION !!! Yay , more religious , spiritual bullshit . In other news : I don't know why people with gauges , facial piercings , or long hair act all tough and badass ... you know someone is just going to go up to them and rip that shit out . 
Dance with the dead in my dreams , Listen to their hallowed screams , The dead have taken my soul , Temptation's lost all control 
oh my hear t-t hrobbed feelings excrete all over the floor as i read your cute little messages about the people you love . I FFEEEEELLL ITTTT !!!!! now clean it up . 
stomach needs grub , grub needsa cookin , getonit . 
new shitz in da houseeee 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
Beating me down ... beating me , beating me down ... down ... into the ground ... screaming so sound ... beating me , beating me down ... down ... into the ground ... 
So far not feeling the new korn album at all ... 
Cute fuzzy lyrics must be destroyeddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd k ? 
I took a trip down to L'America 
If we don't take action now , we'll settle for nothing later , we settle for nothing now , we'll settle for nothing later , if we don't take action now ... 
Why am I so unemployable ? I don't get it . 
I gots a new car 
Mistakes that take a very long time to correct are very excruciating . 
Selfishness , irresponsibility , and shor t-t erm memory loss are not on my agenda any longer . Just saying . 
I'm the vampire eating my own life away . Many times I've told that side of me to leave , but it has always stayed . With the evil inside me has gone , I'll be able to live happy and long . 
Going in for my second interview in just under two hours ... I got this shit . 
Give me the < PROPMALE > ... I promise you won't regret it . 
Finally got a job ... 
I would support burning down all of the mosques , churches , temples , etc ., but this isn't my country . This country already has a foundation that supports the freedom of religion so to anyone who says that Imam Feisal < PROPMALE > Rauf has no right to build his mosque near ground zero , FUCK YOU ! 
Well , how are you doing today ? 
Calculus time ... 
2010 is actually the best year of my life , thus far ... besides the year of my birth of course , but that's everybody's best year/day . 
Goodnight bitches . 
bread school tomorrow morningkkk 
You don't even know the meaning ... 
Crunch time , students ! 
trying to express happiness in this damn thing always sounds so stupid to me ... 
Work was awesome 
9/11 -- Nine years have past , the memories shall last . 
What an asshole I am . 
Work was awesome again ... except for the part where I forgot my pastries =/ 
I be gettin dem straight A's 
mmm im a girly girly girly girl :) i love pink . <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
so many hours so fast 
Would it be bad if I said that I told you so ? 
Another awesome day with < PROPFIRST > then awesome day at work 
Move on . 
Time to get some shit done but my brain has gone fubar on me again ... 
I love how , despite all you know , you are still such a fuckin fool 
work from 2-close 
detach the wondering mind - one of the hardest things to ever doo 
Why would someone try to show off their intellectual worth by calling someone ignorant and speaking in such a pompous-like tone rather than help educate and discuss things that people don't fully understand ? Get off your fucking high-horse , you disgusting piece of shit . 
i want some coffee pl0x 
im lucky to have 10 minutes of down time anymore ... 
already thinking of that retirement plan . 
you people really care that much about valhalla ... ? 
trip trip trip lets have a trip careful of the drip drip drip 
new water pump in car , i wish i could get away with murder , no more buds or cash , new ps3 , less worries because i just stopped caring . feels good . 
Never buying electronics from amazon ever again . 
New phone is awesome , I can't put the bitch down . 
who the fuck am i ... one seriously difficult question . the things that i've been told that < PROPFEMALE > importance are the things in which i see none . \ 
p.s. fuck the cold . 
Ready to start my new life ... now . 
My gaze can implode hearts . Just sayin . ( lots of blood . ) ( lots . ) everywhere redness and bodies ... >.> 
attempting brain transplant on myself and my cat . 
As of Thursday I will be a soldier in the United States Army . 
Go through all the meps bullshit just to have to do it over again because im underweight five pounds ... free hotel and food is nice though . 
So my early Sunday work day begins ... can't wait for a nap . 
Madden is complete garbage . 
At the meps hotel again ... Let's hope I can gain a few pounds over night . 
anyone have a spare computer monitor that i could have ...? 
lost my car , possible out tens of thousands of dollars , phone battery fails within a blink of an eye .... feels like life is really trying to bash my head in right now . 
i LOVE nirvana , and circle k hotdogs . 
Knowing I have to be at work in 12 hours depresses me ... Three months today i'll be on my way to south < PROPFEMALE > . 
