:) im stoked for the next nice day , im going mountain biking . anyone wanna join ??? 

me and < PROPFEMALE > broke my bed through the floor ..... i think it might be time for us to go on a diet hahaha . 
luck only lasts so long 
iv decided good morning texts are the best : ) 
Ah back with my long lost baby finally :) 
Well , if you dont see me at school today its because my truck ran out of gas on the way there . 
What a great day to go to seattle :) 
Work was so easy :) 
saved three lives today oh yeaaa :) 
just bought < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland ! :D 
first kyacking session of summer was great :D 
First kyaking session of summer ! 
just finished Gazzam hike :) 
just finished a thirteen mile mountain bide ride up a < PROPMALE > , literally . 
Off to Sequim for a thirty mile bike ride . 
planet earth :) 
summited Mount Townsend today :D got to see snow for the first time in a while . 
Portland ! 
verizon phone ! does anyone have one i can use , mine broke :( 
hiking today ! 
blah . looks like its me and my ipod tonight . 
\you make me happy 
Work : then what ? 
\Whatever tommorow brings I'll be there with open arms and open eyes . \ " \ 
i just love being sick on my only day off of work . 
my horoscope is always right on the < PROPFEMALE > . it kind of creeps me out . 
fremont troll and < PROPMALE > coabin tommoro . stokeeeeed . 
driving to bainbridge with absolutly no gas . great . if you see a white truck on the side of the road thats me , with no gas and stranded . 
rain oh i am sooo happy to see you again . nap , then work till seven then what ? lets make plans :) 
I hate slow drivers ... 
peace out poulsbo . i have an appointment with flordia , mexico and the bahamas . hopefully ill make it back without dying from killer heat . 
have my alarm set for 3:20 AM . not cool . planes shouldnt be able to leave that early . 
I had the sudden urge to want to go snowboarding supeeeer bad . 
Another night with my mom snoring loud enough to wake up the whole hotel . Oh yes how i love the hotel life . 
Poring in florida , but im not complaining at all :) i just wish my dress wasnt white ... 
Mmm i love seeing a man in a speedo pool side hahahah . 
Waverunning ! Hell yes :) 
fuck yes . this is the life . 
\when the power of love overcomes the love for power the world will soon know peace \"" 
Parasailing :) 
I really don't enjoy immature closed minded people . They really aggravate me , a lot . 
no phone after tommoro , leaving the country until september . suckeers . 
Back from cozumel ! Scuba diving in the reef was fucking rad . Now in miami waiting for my flight to the bahamas . 
just got done snorkeling in the bahamas ! 
i really want to go to New Orleans for some reason haha . 
ipod full . im officially bummed . 
tropical storms . exhilarating . 
Still have a month until schools starts , I'v got plenty of time for more summer . 
RATATAT coming to Seattle September 14th ! Who's down to go ?! 
Do you know what washington is missing ? White < PROPFIRST > rockless beaches , thats what its missing . 
Ratatat tickets officially ordered ! Its gonna be dope . 
i tore the ocean up on those jet skis today . 
coming home today after one long month :) 
Home !!!! I missed washington . 
I wish i hand't blown my left ear out . Now i cant even get a sixteen in . 
Hmm i dont have any plans tonight , who wants to do something when i get off work ? 
Woo for being stranded in port orchard . This blows . 
Quit my job ! Start my new job next week :) 
Screw you ACT . 
tonight was to much , i'm done . 
Off work , now its time for some fun :) 
Work from 8- 1:30 at hot shots today . Then Ratatat tonight ! STOKED ! 
That was the most amazing experience i have ever been through in my life . Thank you Ratatat 
NASTY NASTY . September 25 . I have the day off , i'm going . 
Im happy to see the rain again . 
I hate bremerton . 
Lucky Boys ! It's time to put some holes in our heads . 
heeeey six's it sure is nice to see you again . 
\I cannot feel the ground . We’re flying high now . We’re flying high now . My world is spinning round \"" 
oc sucks . day 1 and im already freaking out . i probaly also killed 20 trees just printing out the syllybus's . 
six's hurt . i just want to be at a 0g already . i wish i was a more patient person . 
Babysitting until fourish then straight to work until 830 then homework . Oh man . 
Nasty nastyyyy ! 
Screw you police . 
nothing better than old movies on a lazy sunday . 
I need a biology touter for my OC 160 level class . Ill pay by the hour :) Who's good at biology ? 
and the fours are going in ! stokeeeed :D 
Just finished painting a huge chalk board on my wall with chalk board paint ! Looks super rad . Who wants to come draw with me ?! :) 
heeeeey sunshine :) 
just got back from a motorcycle ride :) 
i could listen to incubus all day . 
Buying my season pass to stevens soon ! stoked for boarding season 
i feel bad for my ears . i keep shoving things into them hahah . but my new plugs look rad :) 
saved three lives today ! i would say iv had a pretty succesfull day . 
taking three classes through OC , four classes through PAL and one class online was the dumbest idea i have ever come up with in my life . im so screwed . 
your so vain , you probably think this is about you 
nothing better than a full tank of gas and a good weekend heading your way :) 
no school or work tomoro :) what to do ... 
Looking at the top seller books in barnes and nobles amazes me . I cant beleive what people will actually spend their time reading . 
im not cut out for this shit . 
driving around with bald tires so my truck is drifting every corner in the rain and to top it off both my head lights are out hahaha . lets hope i dont get pulled over . 
stevens already has snow ! stoked for boarding season :)) 
ummm , seriously does anyone know how to change headlights ? mine are both out ... its making driving at night seriously difficult . 
i love fall so much . 
i really need to learn how to cook , living off pb&j's just isn't cutting it for me anymore . 
I think its time to invest in a rador detector 
I asked my dad for gas money and he gave me twenty bucks ... Of canadian money . Rad , he must have forgotten that we live in the US . 
its dumping snow in the mountains , so ready for snowboarding :) 
Its taken 45 < PROPFEMALE > to put a gallon and a half in my car cause the gas is so cold and i saw a fight between two ladies for a gas pump . Fun night . 
munchieeees . 
hookah session :D 
long weekend . recovery day is much needed . 
Humboldt State University application done :) 
Stevens opens wednesday :D 
so tired , worked from ten to six thirty and hot shots was so unbelievably busy today . im so worn out . now to take a power nap and get ready for some fun tonight :) 
good day :) got a christmas tree and decorated the house with my family then watched old christmas movies . couldnt have asked for a better day . 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > . 
thank you febreze , you have helped me a lot . 
hello macbook pro :) to bad i have no idea how to use you ..... 
thats cool , just hack my profile . 
sick :( 
Most amazing night ever :) 
be thankful for what you have because there are millions out there who have nothing . hearing everyone talk about how there pissed about not getting what they wanted really irritates me . you have a roof over your head , a family that loves you , and food on your table that is all that should matter because there are people out there who would do anything just for a warm place to sleep at night . 
one day down . this is gonna be hard . 
anyone selling a car i can buy ???? 
i want to feel this good forever . 
\just find two fat kids to stuff in your trunk for leverage if it starts snowing to hard\ " courtesy of my archeology teacher haha . " 
with all this snow im starting to question my decision of applying to university of alaska fairbanks . 
zero's!!!!! They hurt really bad though :/ 
gotta love them wobbles . 
dont text or call me anymore , this applies to everyone . 
\One pill makes you larger\ 
42 days until my life is back , I need something to occupy myself . I think ill take up volunteering at a wildlife shelter , go hiking way more and attempt to get my PADI started . 
41 more days . and 7 above the influence days . congrats brooklynn . 
well , darn it . 
It really irritates me when people complain about everything , even the good things in life , or people who claim that their life is so horrible . I have got some news for you , you have it good ! You have food on your table all meals of the day , you have a roof over your head , and live somewhere where you dont have to fear for your life everyday . GROW UP , and appreciate what you have . 
Oregon this weekend ! so excited :) 
I now realize how much Washington is just not ment for me , why am I not living in Portland yet ?! 
California with < PROPFEMALE > spring break ! Oh yes . 
I honestly wish there wasn't so much hatred in the world . 
Have a phone now , so I am now much easier to get ahold of haha . 
I hope this weather keeps up , i really want to go hiking this weekend :) 
Stranded with < PROPFEMALE > on the side of the road , woo for the car breaking down . 
Florida+Jet Ski's+Private Pools+Hot Weather+Private Beach on the Gulf of Mexico+Staying in a Million Dollar Mansion+My Best Friend = My Spring Break !!! 
