This is going to be a good year ;-) Im sooo ready !!! 

is blessed :-) 
really enjoyed working the camp as well as reconnecting with old friends :-) 
is full of joy :) 
is full of joy :) Yet he actually misses doing band camp lol 
and so begins American Wind Symphony ........ 
enjoyed the first day of American Wind Symphony :-) 
enjoyed woodwind quintet today ! :-) 
why keep dreaming when you can turn them into reality ! 
another day out on the boat 
loves the Hummel Octet !!!!!!!!! 
is trying out this cube field game , and its kind of angering him ...... lol 
is his usual joyful self :-) It just never gets old 
is off to play another concert 
loves the Lord with all his heart :-) 
1 concert down , 17 to go 
absolutely loves his canadian host family :-) 
finds it rather impossible not to be happy :-) 
2nd AWSO concert tonight 
enjoyed a wonderful 2nd AWSO concert :-) 
absolutely loves Holst's First Suite :-) 
loves listening to bassoon 
loves Mackey's concerto for soprano sax and wind ensemble !! 
enjoyed his day off in Canada with his wonderful host family :-) 
is reminiscing on old recordings of Baylor Wind Ensemble :-) 
absolutely loves life :-) 
now has a better understanding of just how blessed he really is :-) 
is blessed with some wonderful friends :-) 
loves that even with the smallest amount of faith , life can be absolutely perfect :-) 
is feelin wonderful and lovin life , as always :-) 
remembers what his life was like before he really knew the Lord ....... wow what a mess ........ so happy to be on track ! :-) 
is now in Mackinaw City , Michigan ....... and loves fudge !! :-) 
loves < PROPMALE > Point Holiday !!!!! 
off to play concert number 7 of 18 
enjoy good decisions and learn from bad ones ....... life always moves on :-) 
Another concert down , really loved the Handel . Now to enjoy some time off :-) 
8 weeks down , 1 to go :-) 
only 1 concert left !!!! Then back to Baylor :-) 
just now finished his work .......... oooooo weeeee 
is about to practice like nobody's business ! 
My Savior , He can move the mountains :-) 
Is so joyful that life is perfect all the time !! :-) 
enjoyed a wonderful Baylor Wind Ensemble concert :-) 
is going to a Baylor football game for the first time without the marching band ! And WILL be getting a funnel cake :-) nom nom nom nom 
is about to show Copland how its done :-) 
is about to enter the Child's Garden of Dreams ........... lol 
is ready for some row row row your boat ;-) 
thanks God that joy comes in the morning !!!!!! :-) 
will be hanging out with some wonderful friends tonight :-) 
Goodbye Waco , Hello < PROPMALE > 
back in Waco 
is lovin life ! As usual :-) 
is about to go to the gym ! :-) 
life is wonderful :-) 
is very excited about finally getting to go to church again ! It couldn't come any sooner :-) A week is too long to wait ......... 
is overflowing with joy :-) 
doesn't do sad :) 
has no room for fear in his life 
has many changes to make in his life , but will enjoy the results :) 
new mouthpiece in the works ....... 
loves life :) That is all 
has learned much , but there is still soooooooo much more to learn 
is pumped that NOTHING is too big for God ! :-) ABSOLUTELY NOTHING !!!!!! 
Quote of the Day : The Lord fuels my joy , and absolutely NOTHING can take it from me :-) What a perfect life He has given us ! 
loves this constant state of complete peace that he usually seems to be in :-) 
has some extremely difficult and seemingly impossible tasks ahead of him , but is excited to know for a fact that they will all be met ! No prob ;) 
loves making music :-) 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Brown's recital is gonna be absolutely beautiful :-) 
is full of unending joy :-) I couldn't be sad even if I tried ! 
thinks his roommate is a very talented jazz musician :-) 
lives under the fruit tree ;-) 
does not like polyphonic mass cycles ............ bump this paper . 
about to turn in for the night :) 
had a very intense , yet very productive lesson today :-) 
is full of joy :-) 
is stank boompty jank nasty crunchy ... but loves < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is keeping his focus on the important and meaningful things in life :-) And is still full of joy ! 
WOW ........ God takes care of me reeeallll good :-) 
hearts Asphalt Cocktail :-) 
is full of love and joy :-) 
goin to < PROPFIRST>'s Pizza with some of the Baylor crew :-) 
is tightening his focus on the things that really matter in life , those things that are eternal , not temporal . 
is following the course :-) 
is very much confused at the moment :-( 
the life lived for others is the life worthwhile :-) 
Quote of the Day : Be kinder than necessary , for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle . 
No guilt in life , no fear in death . This is the power of Christ in me :-) 
Nothing can hurt unless you give it the power to . 
We move on in life by forgetting the past and reaching for the future . So simple , yet so misunderstood . 
Buried under the biggest burden is a good place to find an even bigger blessing :-) 
Time to tackle the Francaix . 
< PROPFIRST > - 1 , Francaix - 0 :-) 
The heart has reasons that reason does not understand . 
Off to Waco for a bit ....... 
workin in RAS ' office .............. 
had a very productive , eventful and joyful day full of divine favor ........ finishing up work at Baylor then heading back to < PROPMALE > soon !!! :-) 
is back home :-) 
loves this constant state of joy that he is always in !!!!!!!!!! OOOOOOOOO WEEEEEEEEE I couldn't imagine life any other way !!!!!!!!!! 
is about to go take care of this sweet tooth ;-) 
:-) 
Loves thunderstorms :-) 
More than all the stuff that comes along with Christmas , I love the reason for the season :-) It brings so much comfort , peace and joy that cannot ever be taken away ! Let us not overlook or forget this . 
Happy Birthday Jesus :-) 
Absolutely awesome Christmas :-) With their powers combined , my uncles are freakin HILARIOUS !!!! Trying not to have a heart attack from laughter !! LOL 
Got his new sax mouthpiece ! Time to test it out . 
Enjoyed seeing Avatar with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > and company :-) 
loves NCIS !!!! What a great show !!!! 
is livin the good life !! :-) 
is excited and ready for this upcoming semester ! :-) 
packing up 
a < PROPFEMALE > heart does good like medicine :-) 
RAB just visited Baylor 
is becoming very good friends with the saxophone at the moment 
is doing AWSO again lol . Here we go . 
can play video games AND study for band lit at the same time !!!! FREAKIN SWEET !!!!!! 
no worries or concerns whatsoever :-) In the big picture , these little things don't really even matter 
great concert tonight . Some absolutely wonderful musical moments :-) 
headin back to < PROPMALE > soon for a long awaited spring break ! Then off to New York for a few days :-) 
remembers now how much he eats when he's in Houston ...... soooo goot !!! 
HOME SWEET FREAKIN HOME !!!!! 
is very excited about this summer :-) 
Girl Scout Cookies + TV + Couch = Absolutely Amazing 
Isn't life just awesome ?!?!?! :-) 
fun night just chillin downstairs with the family :-) 
back in school mode . Bring it Baylor !!!!!! 
loves the saxophone :-) 
is gonna go for a little walk on the bear trail . 
has lots of stuff on his mind right now ...... lots . 
will make some wonderful music for the Lord today :-) Sic'em recital . 
WILL go to the gym tonight ! 
so it has begun ....... I will show NO MERCY . 
is seeing the end of a great school year . Gained some absolutely wonderful friends , and has grown so much closer to the Lord :-) Excellent ! Life couldn't get any better . 
thinks that we should do late night/early morning clarinet studio ihop adventures on one of the dead days ..... any responses clarinet friends ????? 
is full of joy :-) Once again 
is blessed . VERY blessed ! :-) 
Is now in the world of the iPhone . Updated from my iPhone . :-) lol 
is about to conduct the American Wind Symphony in a full concert , also to be aired on live television ! Here we go ...... 
great concert tonight . What wonderful musicians God has allowed me to work with ! Awesome job to all AWSO members , I love you all very much :-) 
is now home , and will now sleep :-) 
AWSO this summer was a blast ! Now must continue to move forward though :-) 
< PROPMALE > Symphony tonight :-) 
never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved :-) 
God is a funny God indeed lol . He never fails to make me smile :-) 
Wow there is a taco stand parked literally 10 feet from my house ...... I can make an order from my bedroom window !!!!!! 
is ready for a GIANT bowl of ice cream . 
leaves for Mexico tomorrow :-) 
In Mexico , helping childrens :-) 
Absolutely awesome time in Mexico , but glad to be back in good ol ' Texas :-) 
loves the fact that there was a Totoro toy in Toy Story 3 . 
off to Waco 
< PROPFIRST > Duplantis is an absolutely amazing man of God ! If you want to learn and grow , check him out ;-) 
audition music this year is fun stuff ! :-) 
Beat my score 5490 in iCopter classic in Classic Theme on iPhone . http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/icopter-classic/id301409454?mt=8 
Glorious One 
Off to college station 
Loves thunderstorms !!! Makes reading for Mungy's history class more enjoyable ..... maybe ....... lol 
His name is a strong and mighty tower :-) 
Ok Daphnis , the time has finally come ....... BRING IT ONNNNN !!!!! 
wants a change 
When the oceans rise and thunders roar , I will soar with You above the storm :-) 
I will serve the Lord with all my heart , all my mind , and all my strength 
could not be happier right now with his church home and family !!! Praise God !!! :D 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > = Cool People 
any prayers right now will be gratefully accepted :-) 
Many burdens have been lifted , thank you Lord :-) 
My car now smells like a Brazilian carnival .......... 
Always be kinder than necessary , for everyone is fighting some kind of battle 
is soooo freaking excited about half night of prayer at Antioch tonight !!!! YOU DONT EVEN KNOW !!!!! :D 
absolutely wonderful saxophone practice session :D now off to church for the remainder of praise and worship night ! < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved . 
1 Corinthians 13:1 
Just called a hallway a \hugway\ " ....... wow ....... shows how much I like hugs lol " 
........................ 
is moving closer and closer to Him every day in many wonderful and unexpected ways :-) 
blah blah blah blah im < PROPFIRST > . wreaaahhhhhhhhhh . I forgot to log off the computers . wreaahah wreeahahah blah blah blah . One food please . 
The Lord is revealing to me a fuller understanding of His joy that dwells within us :-) 
The Lord has instilled His overwhelming joy within me , and there is NOTHING that can take it from me ! Through all hardships I will grab hold of His peace that surpasses all understanding . Though bad things may happen , His Spirit will always be my source of life :-) 
Is getting back to his old self again ;-) Thank God that joy comes in the morning ! 
Praise to the < PROPMALE > of kings ! You are my everything ! :-) 
More important than a problem to be solved is a person to be loved ;-) 
the joy of the LORD is my strength !!! :D 
Lord , what will you have me to do today ? 
Let the fire burn ! :D 
Today = Zeiss Research Paper , Study for < PROPMALE > Test , Baylor vs . Texas , and the occassional video game ;-) 
HOLY CRAP BAYLOR !!! SIC'EM!!!! Now to finish my sad and neglected Zeiss paper .......... 
is so happy for church tomorrow , I always leave there feeling great with some new insight :-) Praise God ! 
I can do ALL things through Christ who strengthens me !!! :D 
Wallace+Zeiss in the same semester = Megadeath insanity ....... good thing I have an unstoppable God who's got my back ! 
Waco Symphony Concert tonight ! :D 
will walk in the Spirit and not the flesh 
God's Spirit is overwhelming ! It's too much to keep it all in ! 
ready for church ! Praise ! 
Fun concert at the zoo ! Clarinet section was a blast :D 
words cannot describe how awesome You are . 
never let your memories outweigh your dreams ;-) 
Nothing has the power to save but Your name ! 
Go to < PROPFEMALE > Shepherd's senior clarinet recital at 4:30 in < PROPFEMALE > Grove or < PROPMALE > Rodriguez gets it ! ( Featuring the wonderfully magnificent and prolific < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > as < PROPFEMALE > turner ) :D 
< PROPMALE > Potter was great ! Really enjoyed seeing it with < PROPFIRST > Utley and < PROPFIRST > Ramirez ! :D 
1 < PROPFIRST > 4:7 -8 
church today really hit home with me . Wow , that is all I can say . Thank you God !!!!!! 
Absolutely wonderful concerts tonight ! I kind of really want to add Music for Prague to the recording ........... petition anyone ? lol 
is finally back in < PROPMALE > :-) 
NCIS Marathon !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
You have pulled me out of the darkness so many times , thank you Lord !! :D 
Pauls Pizza with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > !! 
:D 
the power of God is absolutely astounding !!!! 
How great is our God !!!!!!!! 
on the way to beautiful Waco 
just got back in Waco , now straight to church ! Praise God !!! 
very rough day today , but for every problem God has already shown me clear solutions . Excited to see how He will work throughout the rest of today ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > ! Hallelujah He Reigns !!! 
Philippians 4:13 + 2 Corinthians 9:8 
is finding snowflakes in his bed .......... thanks to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ....... 
I seek less of me and more of You 
Pirates of the Caribbean = best soundtracks ever ! :D 
Hillsong is coming to < PROPMALE > ? I'm happy now ! :D 
Is really terrible at Apples to Apples . 
1 Corinthians 13:4 -8 
a very happy birthday to my Lord in Heaven , who made the ultimate sacrifice for all of us and loves us unconditionally :-) I give You all the praise , < PROPFEMALE > and honor !! 
my sister is cray cray ............ one of a kind ! 
< PROPMALE > Python = hilarious ! On a side note , too much brazilian carnival is a bad thing < PROPFIRST > !!!!! Ugh my car is gonna smell for weeks ........... 
Lord I lift Your Name on High !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is a fetusface 
back in Waco :-) 
doesn't know how his body feels about being awake at this odd of an hour ........ 
everybody at Baylor come to Recital Hall II at 10:00 and < PROPFEMALE > Grove at 4:00 today if you can so you can observe our potential new clarinet professor !!! Please ! :D 
thank you Lord for such wonderful revelation and for always speaking to us ! 
loves spending time with the Lord :-) 
Your Love is A Song :-) 
Everything I do , I do for You . All of the music I make , I make with You in my heart . I will make music with the Lord ! 
Thank you Lord for letting me simply make music with You tonight :-) 
God never ceases to amaze me ! 
1 Corinthians 13:4 -8 is some great stuff 
Lord I lift Your name on high !!! 
music building smells TERRIBLE ! Might be time for some Brazilian Carnival ............ 
Little children are awesome ! So much can be learned from even the smallest of things . 
The joy of the Lord is my strength !!!!! I can do ALL things through Christ who strengthens me !!! Not just some things ...... ALL THINGS !!! 
break my heart for what breaks Yours 
EVERYBODY should go to Dr. Jacobson's recital tonight at 7:30 in < PROPFEMALE > Grove Hall ! If you want to hear some amazing saxophone playing and wonderful music making that is the place to be . Just sayin ....... :-) 
Mighty to Save :-) 
The life lived for others is the life worthwhile ;-) 
The sax studio is filled with such cool people :-) You guys/gals are great ! 
fun night/morning with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , JJ , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > iel and < PROPFIRST > ! P.S. - I still win at < PROPFIRST > Party ..... if not that then definitely Brawl .... lol 
the Lord will supply ALL my needs according to the riches of His < PROPFEMALE > :-) 
Lord I lift Your Name on high ! 
By His stripes we are healed !!!! 
I wanna know who our new clarinet professor is !!!!!!! UGH !!!! ( Whines in baby voice !!! ) 
Lord show me more of You ! 
Off to Waco today 
Anyone in Waco not have dinner plans tonight ? 
Proverbs 23:7 
Excited for school to start up again ! Yet more opportunities for the Lord to build and shape my character to His image ! :-) 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > loves monkeys 
Mighty to save :-) 
I wish I could find people who like NCIS as much as I do :-( ........... lol 
No low brass methods tomorrow !!!! Extra sleep :-) 
Glorious One ! 
I have never been so tempted to completely annihilate another vehicle with my truck as I am right now with this parking services woman in front of me .......... is this bad ? lol 
