Nothing like almost being killed ( or severly injured ) to cap off the holidays . Stopped for a coke at a vending machine and as I got in my car I heard a bang . Turned and saw a car swinging right towards me . It barely missed my door but thankfully everyone involved is ok . 

R . I . P Dr. Who ; in other news , Happy Birthday Doctor ! :-) ( < PROPFIRST > Tennant will be missed ) 
Celebrating the big 2-5 today , w00t ..... HERE'S TO THE FINEST CREW IN STARFLEET ! 
Thanks to everyone who made my b-day awesome ! 
Gone swimmin ' Whoo ! 
is so glad his friends and family can say nice things 
is happy he finally got his official driving license ... whoo .... 
So he lay there as long as he could so he had this unlimited future . 
Why the hell did I dream about Legends of the Hidden < PROPFEMALE > ?! 
is concerned about his deep sleeping habits ... there was an earthquake ?! 
dude , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > died ?! That sucks ... :-( 
thinks his mind hates him sometimes . Dreams about my asshole father ? Thanks a lot brain .... 
is happy his dreams changed ... so now I'm a sith ? 
enjoyed pulling weeds at the shirne ... seriously , I did :-) 
hmm ... will I regret downloading Pauly Shore movies .... I guess I'l find out tomorrow . 
In The Army Now/Biodome ..... not great movies but not completely terrible ... I still wish I had some of that time back though 
went to a gambling house last night . Oh , and there was all you can drink liquor ... awesome . 
out there man , in the aether 
got to talk about Greek mythology and robots at work - I love my job ! 
I'm beginning to believe Farmville is the new Scientology .... freakin ' cults man ...... 
LIGHTning attack ! LIGHTning ! TY-PHOON !!!! ... oh wait , crap ... 
I am intrigued by Keyboard Cat 
Dr. Who , you rock ! 
Kyoto conference over , bring on the GRE ! WHOOOO !!!!! 
Just installed windows as a 2nd OS on my mac .... I feel dirty ... 
... and things were going so well . maybe one day you'll learn . 
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch , you must first invent the universe ... :-) 
Happy X-mas , X-mas people ! X-mas cards have arrived , X-Mas ! 
Dear < PROPMALE > , If you can read this , please do me a favor and touch a downed wire . Oh , and die in a fire . < PROPFEMALE > X-mas - < PROPMALE > 
Happy New Years everyone , whoooo !!!!!!!!!! 
is travelin ' the universe - woo ! 
is surprised at how popular he really is . Crazy :-) 
OK world , I get it , ha ha , very funny . Now please just fuck off ! 
My hair is growing . Shhhh , it's a secret ! 
All work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > go crazy ... blargh ! 
and a Happy V-D to everyone ! :-) 
Kids in music class think I look like Beethoven ... I'm gonna take that as a compliment :-) 
Damn you Britain , you have all the good shows ! 
Nothing like receiving hand soap from your students made from recycled used oil to make you feel appreciated :-) 
To whom it concerns : Go fuck yourself ! 
God , I love talking about robots ! 
Totally enjoying the alphabet cookies I made with the special class . Thanks Taiza Elm , totally delicious ! 
A marriage shall be considered valid only if the wife is a virgin . If the wife is not a virgin , she shall be executed . ( Deuteronomy 22:13 -21 ) Well , thank the Lord that we follow the Good Book to the letter unlike those heathen gay people ! * :-D * Please note sarcasm * 
What kind of man would I be if I didn't follow my own codes and standards ? 
WWWWD : What Would < PROPMALE > Wonka Do ? 
Nothing will touch my heart more than the handmade book of origami animals I received as a thank you from one of my elementary students . It couldn't have happened at a better time . :-) 
WHY IS IT STILL SNOWING ?! 
OK , new Dr. Who , I'll give you a < PROPMALE > :-) 
All I wanted to do was upload some pics , can't even do that ... grr ... 
You know you're bored when you challege friends to a Mega Man 2 speed run contest :-) 
My 1-nen rocked it out of the park today ... yessssss ! Way to show off and be awesome , w00t 
and the lights whent out , all over the world ... G'night < PROPMALE > , whoo ! :-D 
Nothing like going to the special class and having the really * special * student pretend shoot you and the other teachers , then pretend to commit suicide with a gun in the mouth/side of the head ... awesome fun ... 
is sick of colleges sending him emails saying he's been accepted only to send out a corrections email saying he isn't ... 2nd one now , grr 
FUCK YOU , UNIVERSE ! 
OK Universe , apology accepted :-D 
feelin ' fine ... no really , things are awesome :-) 
before everyone flips out just know my relationship change reflects that I'm dating a cat - it's a joke people 
Polk High Football rules !!!!! 
VERY happy tonight :-) 
\Mos Eisley spaceport . You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy . We must be cautious . \"" 
Best ... vacation ... EVER ! :-D 
English is failing me , I cannot type to save my life ... God help me ! 
Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog is awesome ! Why have I not watched this sooner ? 
Just chillin ' 
It's almost June and I might have to bust out a heater ... I though winter was over ? 
Gettin ' crazy like a hobo ! :-) 
is hoping the weather will be < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend 
Nothing like going to the beach to clean it for school ... such a nice day today too :-D 
Pimpin ' in Kyoto for my b-day , w00t ! 
Had a great weekend , back to the grindstone ! 
Funny , people thing FB will make us pay to use it in July 2010 .... didn't they say the same thing about email like , 10 years ago ? 
Strawberry has happened ... 
two years ... two years my glasses managed to remain intact . I guess NOTHING is immune to dodgeball :-) 
Today can go SUCK a FUCK ! 
WHOO HOO !!!! :-) 
Thank you to all my schools for such a kind and heart felt goodbye . It's nice to know that I was more interesting than my pred and that you all liked my dancing . No one can resist my dancing ! 
My legs are sooooo burned and my head is pounding but man , what a great beach party ! 
Just so everyone know I'm no longer at my apartment . I'm staying at < PROPFEMALE>'s so PLEASE don't call looking for me , thanks 
To everyone in Japan : Thank you for making my time here so wonderful . I'm glad to have met you all and to have had such a wonderful experience . I wish you all the best of luck in the future . :-) 
Farewell Japan , thank you for all the awesome memories ! 
Home , tired and waiting for many things ... it's hard being a time traveler . :-) 
forgot how much \fun\ " scholastic financial aid offices can be ... yay ...... " 
... I have no idea what I'm doing anymore ... 
Chillin ' with my peeps up in Hampsha ! 
Things are looking up and are on their way ... whoo 
Even though I'm watching LOST for the first time I really hate < PROPFEMALE > ... grr :-) 
Monday's classes went fantastically . Let's hope the rest of the week goes this smooth . 
Classes are going well . I feel a little out of my element being from a different < PROPMALE > but I think I'm going to pick it up quickly and start going in crazy places . I look forward to it :-D 
Wow , beat after the first day of work . I wonder if I really will be able to juggle job/work/commuting/home , etc ... hmm ... 
... out there ... in the aether ... 
Sometimes I get overcharged , \ 
\ 
that's when you see sparks . \ 
They ask me where the hell I'm going ? \ 
At a 1000 feet per second , \ 
hey man , slow down , slow down , \ 
idiot , slow down , slow down . 
Nothing like being a grade A moron to the only person who likes my stupid ass .... go Rab ... 
Had to settle a friendly dispute about Superman for 2 customers today ... I love my job . 
Our captain is a penguin ?! \ 
Wait a minute ... penguins can't fly ! \ 
PENGUINS CAN'T FLY ! 
Oh dear , she's stuck in an infinite loop and he's an idiot ! Oh well , that's love for you , I guess . 
@ Jason : ... why ? 
Shoot for the < PROPFEMALE > . Even if you miss , you'll land among the stars . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Brown 
Thanks for the good night ! 
\Do not confuse peace of mind with spaced-out insensitivity . A truly peaceful mind is very sensitive 
Picture yourself on a train in a station , \ 
With plasticine porters with looking glass ties . \ 
Suddenly someone is there at the turnstile , \ 
The girl with kaleidoscope eyes . 
is happy that Grad School is actually fun ... now what will I do with an Arts degree ? 
Introduced my dad to The Big Lebowski ... he actually liked it , sweet . 
Everybody seems to think I'm lazy , I don't mind , I think they're crazy 
Life is really good right now :-D 
Damn Hell's Kitchen , < PROPFEMALE > is a total bitch but she can cook ? 
I'm very much in love :-) 
Watching propaganda films from the 50's . It's amazing the level of hypocrisy . Makes me look at the hypocrisy today ... 
\I love her and that's the beginning of everything . \ " \ 
Happy Turkey Day everyone ! I am thankful for :\ 
-awesome family ( who drive me crazy ) , \ 
-wonderful friends ( who I rarely talk to anymore)\ 
-the best girlfriend I could ever ask for ( she's awesome , really ) :-D 
... When Lord , when will the school work be done ? 
Pokemon profile pic month ... apparently :-) 
I knew I was sick but not THiS sick : Just woke up from a dream where < PROPFIRST > and I were singing songs from Phantom of the Opera . He was informing me which lyrics go to which song ... I need meds ... 
I cannot WAIT for Christmas since it signifies the end of soooo much stress ... blargh 
... I miss LOST 
Nothing like being allowed to break an ice sculpture at work to make your day better :-D 
I can't wait until X-mas - sweet , sweet vacation time 
Let's all just go crazy-go-nutz ! 
YES ! WHOO ! < PROPMALE > Weed , you've done it again ! 
Sweet , a lunar eclipse . 
What's that life ? You want to cancel my flight but leave te connected one still available ? How nice of you ... oh no , don't start snowing until the day I plan to leave , that's cool ........ fuuuuuuu ....... 
Thank God for Canada Air . Stay tuned for awesome updates , whoo 
I'm glad to be here :-) 
... I don't want to go :-( 
Nothing like watching some Spooky 
I always remembered scenes from a horror program I watched as a kid because they were so great . Only now do I realize it was the movie Creepshow - so awesome . 
so .... turns out a kicked hard drive is never a happy one :-( 
Just watched Heavy Metal for the first time . Couldn't help notice the birds the Taarakians ride sounds like a screaming retard . 
wow , 7 hrs ... damn 
Man , if they ever make a real life Futurama movie I hope < PROPFEMALE > White plays Mom . 
I feel bad . It seems many of my overseas friends are feeling down or homesick . If it helps I will care bear stare some sunshine your way and also have a talk with Japan's programmers to help increase re-spawn rates for more familiar items like Cheerios , pop tarts , cheese and the like , just to make things better . Cool ? :-) 
Snow day , whoooo ! 
Watched < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs the World for the first time . It was good but I found < PROPFIRST > Cera's character to be neurotic , whiney and twitchy ... at least he shaped up in the end but still , no clue why < PROPFEMALE > would hook up with him . 
I am in love with a rather fantastic woman . That is all :-) 
Grunka lunka dunkity doo\ 
We've got a friendly warning for you\ 
Grunka lunka dunkity daces\ 
The secrets of Slurm's on a need to know basis\ 
Asking questions in school is a great way to learn\ 
If you try that stuff here you might get your legs broke\ 
We once found a dead guy face down in the Slurm\ 
It could easily happen again to you folks\ 
So keep your head down and keep your mouth shut\ 
Grunka lunka lunka dunkity < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Haven't even owned my car for 3 days and already someone bashed the mirror off - THANKS PHILLY !!!! 
I want you to comment on this status about how you met me . But , I want you to lie . That's right . Just make stuff up . After you comment , I want you to copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
Boo-urns Packers , Boo-urns ! 
Nothing like watching Quantum Leap to make you feel better 
MRAW ! :-) 
