Home and unpacked . Its been 2011 for almost 2 hours here . Happy new years everybody back in Idaho . I'll see you next Christmas . 

First day of the new year spent being sick . Hopefully not an outlook on what this year will hold for me . 
just downloaded over 70 dollars in books for my new NOOK . Daaammn thank god for gift cards . 
Never thought that all we had would be all for naught 
I'm going to attempt to undergo a one-day vow of silence . Just for shits and giggles 
8 days left , and still not a thing to do but wait . 
Down to 6 days 
5 more days 
Friends , family , and family of friends . I depart tomorrow . For several of you , that means I'll probably never see you again . For many however , I'll see you someday in the future . \ 
Goodbye to some , see you later to some , and love to some . \ 
\ 
See you on the other side friends . \ 
Future ahoy ! 
Flight got canceled . And so did all flights for today . FML\ 
New schedule , tomorrow to LAX , LAX to O'Haare . 
Sucessfully graduated from Boot Camp ! Hooray ! \ 
Shipping to South < PROPFEMALE > on Tuesday . Should have consistant internet/phone within 2 weeks of that . Talk to you all soon ! 
Peace friends . < PROPFEMALE > is winding to an end for me . I'll talk to some of you soon , others not as soon . You'll find out which group you fall under . 
Second day of < PROPFEMALE > , near its end . Tomorrow is my final day to get some R&R . Then back to it . 
Just got back from touring downtown Chicago . Navy pier , Shedd's Aquarium . Limos and taxis and trains o ' my ! 30 Hours till Charleston 
Goodnight to another , and final day of < PROPFEMALE > . Hello one more day of work , then school Tuesday . Talk to you all soon . 
Cool and humid in Charleston , SC today . Took out a < PROPFEMALE > yesterday , so probably getting a phone tomorrow or sometime this week . TV to maybe . 
Another day in Charleston . Freedom until midnight . Hit me up ! 
PFA at 0600 tomorrow morning . Hittin the rack to get atleast some sleep . Goodnight all . 
Brand new phone . Android 2 . Its pretty damn cool . 
Visit to a charleston hooka bar . I love this city 
Chillin in my compartment with music and amp . Not much to do past 2200 here . Hmmm . Hit me up . I need phone < PROPFIRST > , so either message them to me , or text them to me at 208-994-8133 
Thinkin its time to hit the rack . One more day of freedom before school starts . Goodnights to everyone . 
I love these uniforms . Makes me feel like I have purpose . 
Hoorah spending 1 1/2 hours shining boots , short haircuts , and subway for dinner . Blah 
Hoorah payday tomorrow . 200 more bucks allocated to the uniform store ! 
Gettin ready to hit the rack . Gotta be up at 0530 tomorrow if I want breakfast . More briefs tomorrow , maybe get out and do something . Night friends/family/acquaintances/other . 
Done for the day . Ultimate frizbee at 0530 tomorrow morning , briefs at 0800 . I think I'll hit the NEX today . Or somethin , I dunno 
Off to polish shoes . Personnel inspection tomorrow morning 
3 day weekend this week . Fancy seafood dinner tomorrow . Downtown Charleston as well . With an 8-1 girl guy ratio , and a college city at that , how can you go wrong ? 
Tired of alot of different things . Tattoo design time I suppose . 
Returned that damned HP mini and got myself a decent laptop 
Hooray 2 hour mandatory in-class study time . Two more hours in the most oppressive building ever built 
Off to do laundry that I've been putting off for far to long . Text me ? \ 
208-994-8133 
School today from 0630am to roughly 0400pm . Then back in for study from 0600pm to 0800pm . And once more tonight from 1000pm to midnight . The damned Rickover center is like my second barracks . 
Shitty day today . Might go smoke a cigar . If you want to talk , text me . \ 
Where'd you go ? I miss you so . Seems like its been forever since you've been gone . 
I learned how to FOIL today . Again . Shit school is slow 
Finally out of school ( Its almost 8pm here ) . Gotta do laundry and clean and shit like that . Room inspection tomorrow 
My day went something like this : 6:30 am until 4:00 pm at school . 7:00 pm to midnight at school . 5 am until 4 pm at school tomorrow . F M L 
Pretty much spending the weekend in the Rickover Center doing homework . Roughly 9 hours of cumulative work to do by Monday morning . And I'm the new classification PO , since I forgot to stamp my papers . Hoorah punishment for security violations 
< PROPFEMALE > and Pizza Hut . Decent end to a horrible day of school . 
Largest rainstorm with the loudest thunder I have ever seen , all occurring within 2 minutes of the sky darkening . Talk about sudden weather shifts . 
Spent 5 1/2 hours in school today . Hooyah weekend plans ! 
Damn , finally out of school 
Fitness assessment tomorrow , and I just realized my shoes are missing 
Honestly , who steals a pair of old , used running shoes ? 
Passed my PFA , so if all goes well , I'll phase up on Friday ! Oh , and I found my shoes . Three floors down on a bench outside . 
Another < PROPFEMALE > day away from family and friends . 
Its officially been storming for nearly 2 days straight now with on and off lightning/thunder . Talk about dreary . Awesome , but dreary 
Rain rain , all day long . Got to make my final midnight rush back from school to my room through a torrential downpour . Another uniform , soaking wet . Text me ? ( 208 ) 994-8133 
Midnight watch tonight . Plus , apparently we missed our duty day ( Thanks for telling us chief ? ) So we might get phased down :/ 
Days where a dream come true would be a punching bag . 
Going shooting tomorrow , may even go for quals . 
Went shooting today with a couple of guys from class . With the AR15 , out of 200 points at 15 yards , I got 197 . 17 shots to the paper heart , and 3 shots within an inch of it . Going for an expert qualification next weekend 
Most relaxed I've been in 4ish months . 
Did a 3.5 mile run today . Next up , dinner and homework . 
Done with school for the day . Back in at 0530 tomorrow . I'm thinking a NEX run for a couple cigars and a monster , then I'll kick back and relax out . 
Put in my special request chit today for Christmas stand-down leave . I'll be buying my plane tickets within the week . So if you wanted to < PROPFEMALE > out while I'm in town , let me know . I'll be there the 18th until the 30th 
There are some who know me as < PROPFIRST > Leonhardt , Expert Rifleman . 
Just finished my phase up PFA , so if I do good on my inspection on friday , I'll be movin up to phase three finally . That means all night trips into downtown Charleston ( Where the most beautiful women on the planet are) ! Ordered my plane ticket for my Christmas visit home to . This week kicks some serious ass 
Got my phase up today , which means I'll be downtown Charleston until somewhere around 3-4 am tonight . Plus , I was made class MAA . Good day all in all 
Beginning work on my \Military Outstanding Voluntary Service Medal\ " I have to put in 100 hours of community service before I leave school . 3 1/2 down already . 5+ more next thursday . I'm going to try to get some community service at the aquarium . " 
Funny fact in the Navy Nuke community . 4 Ballistic missile submarines became guided missile submarines . the USS Ohio , the USS Michigan , the USS Florida , and the USS < PROPFEMALE > . Guided Missile submarines consist of the OMFG .. 
I'm beginning the planning for next year's leave vacation . Destination : Ramstein Air Base , Germany . Occasion ? OKTOBERFEST 
To all my fellow Soldiers , Sailors ... and those in the Air Force . Happy Veterans day to all of you . 
8 hours of study today . Its what I get for utilizing my free time on Wednesday . Watched \How to Tame Your Dragon\ " last night . And again today cause it was awesome " 
Finally got my Christmas plane tickets ordered . I'll be pulling into Boise just shy of Midnight on Sunday the 19th . Leaving on New Years day at 7am . And I'm poor again cause it was expensive as hell . 
Got to meet Submarine Pacific Fleet , Force Master Chief Lynch today . Only class in the entire school he stopped into was ours . He's one of the top 4 most powerful enlisted men in the entire Navy . 
Failed a room inspection and a test , all in one day . Hello EMI and 25-4's . FML are not potent enough letters to describe how this week is going . 
Making a new me , starting today . Mentally , physically , and socially becoming a better person . 
Looking back , I realize that I've fallen out of communication with so many people . If you see this and I don't talk to you , then I'm sorry . Odds are if you are ABLE to read this , I would like to . Also , I'll be home on leave from the 19th-31 of December . Plans need to be made . 
Happy Thanksgiving friends , family , friends that are basically family , and anyone else I forgot ! 
What a depressing day . Wish I could have gone home for Thanksgiving . 
Not much is more aggravating then watching so called sailors run for their rooms to avoid being outside for evening colors . I wasn't aware standing still and saluting for a minute or two was such a burden 
Got a brand new Razer gaming keyboard and mouse . Expensive but cool as hell 
Got the beginning stages to making a new pro-status gaming computer . 
Possibly the worst day this year . Apparently my lock was left open last night , so I had a DRB and had to talk to a Master Chief about security violations ( EMI on monday when I get back .. ) plus plus I failed a room inspection for some of the most bullshit reasons I've ever seen a failure for . So another DRB when I get back from leave .. Double doses of awesome .. 
Officially out of school until january . 2 more days until home 
Officially on leave . All packed and waiting for my plane to leave . Charleston to < PROPFEMALE > to Pheonix to Boise . Getting in midnight to one . About damn time 
Just chillin in the airport . Forgot my plane didn't leave until 4 . 
Its good to be home 
Thanks everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas friends family and shipmates 
Good , long , relaxing day with family . < PROPMALE > out with friends , though not as long as I would like . 4 more days until I'm back to it .. 
Leere hinein .. 
It would seem my Christmas break has come to an end , and in another 3 hours I will be on my way home . I'm glad I got to see my family and my friends . Although I lost alot while I was here and I'm leaving part of me behind , I wouldn't trade the trip for the world . 
My new years resolutions ? To read , write , think , reason , and love more . 
Its 2am , and I can't sleep . I have school in 3 hours . FML 
Another cold rainy day away from the people I miss most 
Found out I get graduation leave for like ten days in early march . Maybe a trip to the Bahamas ? Or perhaps Europe ? 
Just pre-ordered Diablo III , Mass Effect III , Dragon Age II , and The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim today . This year is going to be beast for games 
Been a long day , and tomorrow will be longer . Stars outside look beautiful tonight on this < PROPFEMALE > clear cold as hell South Carolinian night . Sleep it is 
Beautiful day in south < PROPFEMALE > . Finally 
Exhausted . To bad I don't get to sleep until 0030 . Midnight watch sucks 
Had a pretty damn good day today . Being a Friday , getting a 3:54 on my test , and getting a picture with the Girls Gone Wild bus . Wish it would last longer 
Finished my \Dash for Cash\ " today . Passed . One step closer to EM3 Leonhardt " 
Oyster festival tomorrow ? I'm thinking so 
FMLX2 
Eating at a nice sea food restaurant is fun , except when its just you . 
Noisy oyster is a never again restaurant 
I need to find me a girl 
Damn taxes 
Traded my old , scratched ipod video for a near new 32g touch . woot 
Who knew talking about your feelings and relationships for 10 hours could be so mentally draining and exhausting 
Finally done with PREVENT . Graduation tomorrow morning . THANK GOD . 
Officially a Non-Commissioned Officer in the United States Navy . \ 
EM3 Leonhardt , < PROPFIRST > M . 
What to do ? 
Who's in meridian ? 
Off to cascade for the weekend . Time for ice fishing 
To everyone in idaho . It was good seeing you all . If I didn't get to , I'm sorry . I had a good time hanging out with you all . See you again in 9 months 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s day to everybody ! 
Morning everyone . Another fine , early navy morning 
Off day tomorrow and not a thing to do . 
What to do hm ? 
The most beautiful thing that exists on this planet is the raw power of Nature . 
