is 10 weeks pregnant today , Hungry- but super sick at my stomach ... uuuggghhh ! 

... another doctor's appointment tomorrow to check on my little one ! 
has a horrible cold .... 
Loved my first day of my second year of teaching wonderful Middle Schoolers ! I LOOOOVE my job ! 
can't wait ... 3 weeks until I find out whether I'm having a < PROPFEMALE > or a < PROPMALE > 
only has to wait 2 more WEEKS !!! 
... 6 days till my 5 month ultrasound ! 
Holy Moly ! I'm a lesson plan writing MACHINE ! 
This time Monday I'll know whether its a girl or a boy !! 
is watching football with my man while I write lesson plans- now THAT's multitasking ! 
think shopping with mom cured the baby boy blues ! 
is barely fitting my stomach in this UK t-shirt ... the fashion toll I pay to support the best team in the WORLD ! GO CATS ! 
can't concentrate because < PROPMALE > is moving like CRAZY ! 
is worn out and in a bad mood 
Those parent conferences explained SO MUCH about the < PROPFIRST > pool I'm working with ! 
Witnessed the most ridiculous private school bullshit last night ... St. X's football team is full of the biggest bunch of white trash babies and thugs . Do believe I'd feel much safer sending my son to a < PROPMALE > over a private school any day . 
Loves feeling my little man move ! 
is starting to feel siiiiick .... ugh ! 
is super excited about my first baby shower on Sunday !! 
Hopes < PROPMALE > cooperates for his 3-D ultrasound tomorrow ! 
has another ultrasound on the 7th to check < PROPMALE>'s weight ! Somebody needs to tell my cervix to get with the program ! 
loved hanging out with everyone today ... missed my Chels again ... :( 
Baby Hillerich weighed in at 8lbs 7oz in his ultrasound today . Will be 9 and 1/2 lbs if he goes to his due date on the 18th . His feet are 8 and 1/2 cm long already ! his measurements put him in the 90th percentile ! Doc said I'm ready to go anytime ... just gotta wait for my cervix to cooperate ! 
Is super anxious and wishing these stupid contractions would become more regular so I could go to the hospital and meet this baby I've been holding for 9 months !! 
Out to look at more houses today ! Hope we find THE ONE ! 
and Deuce and baby < PROPMALE > will have a new address in a few weeks !! The offer went through ! 
wishing i didnt have to teach so i could spend all day with < PROPMALE > ! 
is so in love with this little man !! And her wonderful husband . < PROPMALE > must have a friend named Eggmund ... thats what he keeps saying ! 
Geez ... life is so stressful ... but looking at this beautiful little man makes it all better ! 
Dear Baby < PROPMALE > , Mommy loves you sooo much but she wishes that you would sleep more than an hour and a half at a time at night ! XOXO 
Closing on our new house on Monday ! 
My baby is 6 months old today and his first little tooth is popping through ! 
So , my little baby is 6 months old , 25 lbs and 31.5 inches long ! The nurses couldn't believe it ! 
I'm so glad my little man has such wonderful people in his life ! And I can't wait for him to meet his second cousin ! 
1st day back to school with the kids ! Can't believe how much my 6th graders grew over the summer ! 
1st day is over , hubby and baby met me at panera for lunch/dinner , car rider line at school was 200 < PROPMALE > long ... Oh those precious 6th grade parents picking their darlings up on the first day of middle school ! 
Just saw Treys new cousin Braxton ! I have a feeling they'll be getting into trouble together in no time ! 
I LOVE my job !! 
Looooooove my little man !!! 
Will never regret doing what's best for my precious little man ! 
Ladies Love Cool < PROPMALE > ( LL Cool T ) ... Back from a trip to the mall and I could barely get anything done with all those ladies goo gooing over my little man ! 
I think < PROPMALE>'s little nose is turnin orange from all these carrots he loves ! 
< PROPMALE > has a new talent ! He can blow raspberries WHILE he eats sweet potatoes ! Can you imagine the mess I have to clean up ! He thinks it's hilarious ! 
My baby cried when I dropped him off at the nursery this morning at church ! Made me soooo sad ! But when we came back to get him he was crawling around chasing a ball ! 
Oh sweet wonderful baby boy , momma loves you so much ! Sweet dreams ! 
7 years with my wonderful man ! I love you deuce !! 
The little man is 8 months old today !!! 
One more month till : see ya lata Spalding , my MAT , and a pay raise !!!!! 
< PROPMALE>'s not too crazy about some of our halloween decorations ... especially our big fuzzy spider- he gives it the pouty lip everytime he gets close ! 
< PROPFEMALE > SPEARS GLEE EPISODE !!!! I still LOVE < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPMALE > has his first goose egg ! Bonked his head on the edge of his crib HARD ! poor baby ! 
Saint < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Fair ! 
Gotta get the little man new pajamas ! His belly hangs out of all the pajama tops ! We're gonna have to be buying 24 month pajamas !!! Crazy ! 
Lock up your daughters ! Baby < PROPMALE>'s on the loose ! 
hi ho , hi ho , it's off to school I go ... no kiddos today though ! That's the part that makes work fun ! 
< PROPMALE > decided to wear his dinner instead of eat it tonight ... But holy moly did he look like the most beautiful mess I've ever seen ! 
I am so so proud of my amazing husband and I love him so much ! 
Baby < PROPMALE > is growing up so fast ! 
I have the cutest little boy in the universe ! 
This week wore ... me ... out !! 
Had so much fun with my little man today ! He makes my life SOOOO complete ! 
Poor baby < PROPMALE > ... he has his first little baby cold ! 9 months cold free and now he has a runny nose and wants mommy all the time ! We're Pedialyte-n ' it up ! 
Think I figured out what's making the nose run ... he's had 2 MORE teeth break through on the top ... < PROPFIRST > 7&8 ! 
So ... we headed down to the zoo 30 minutes after it opened for the Halloween party- < PROPMALE > in his monkey costume and EVERYTHING , and we just turned around and went home- we would have been in traffic for over an hour before we got in !!! We're gonna try again next week and head down 45 minutes before it opens !!! UUGGHHH 
Could spend all day kissin those baby smooshy cheeks !! 
Saw Kanye West on < PROPFEMALE > yesterday .... he's such a freaking idiot ! 
< PROPMALE > is starting to wave bye-bye !!! Its a backward bye-bye , kinda like he's telling you to come here .... but it's a bye-bye !!! 
My baby is 9 months old today !!! 
My baby had his 9 month old Dr appointment today ! He's an absolutely perfect baby who happens to be the average height and weight of a 24 month old ! 29.5 lbs and 33 inches long ! 
BEAT MALE !!! 
Dang < PROPMALE > .... Couldn't do it my senior year ?? GO RAMS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > LOOOVED the zoo yesterday ! And we carved pumpkins tonight ... mommy carved the cookie monster for < PROPMALE > and daddy carved the Count for ... well ... himself ! lol ! 
GO VOTE TOMORROW !.... so many people have died giving you the right to do so ! 
My little man took a step today !! Oh My Goodness ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s shower today with my momma and my little man while Daddy goes to the UK game , then I get to grade 10 billion papers before grades are due Thursday ! 
Gold Day tomorrow ... no kiddies at school but I still have to go ! Yuck ! 
How does the government expect me to do my job when the technology SUCKS and the texboooks are super boring to my kids ? I mean- I'm a super energetic teacher but I could stand on my freaking head and kids STILL would hate this grammar book ! 
... it's a wonderful life ... 
Liggins > Siva ...... GOOOOOO CATS !!! 
First day back was good ... actually missed all my kids ! Missed my little man more though ! 
Getting < PROPMALE>'s first big boy haircut at 5:30 today ! 
Thinking about my lovely cousin having her first baby ! < PROPFEMALE > in there girl ! It's all worth it ! 
Saw < PROPMALE>'s beautiful 3rd cousin today , then got home and realized grades are due tomorrow and I need to put a lesson plan together ! C'mon snow !! I need an extra day to catch up ! 
My baby played in the snow today ! He had so much fun till he was trying to dance and lost his balance , that all equalled a face full of snow ! Let's just say after that the first snow day was a wrap ! 
My beautiful baby boy turned 1 today !! I can't believe it !! I love him and all our family and friends so much !!! This was an amazing day ! 
< PROPMALE > carried red sprinkles all over Kroger today- it was great till he started throwing then at people ! 
Are Deuce and I ready for #2 ??? 
