i dont love you like i loved you yesterday . 

my old scars are bleedin . 
jst joined . confused . 
mind is empty for the moment , also my stomach is empty ... of course my pockets r empt too . 
if you get a tatto of my face on ur back ill get one of ur back on my face ! 
not pretty n e more lol it was fun tho but no way to fight off 3 . 
3 on 1 fights are only for hollywood . all good now exept for a black eye . 
One day my memories will fade , her smileand her voice , I may forget them aswell , but i will alwaysremember I loved her . anime . 
went fish hunting or '' fishing '' , killed manny fish . also spent 250 dollars on my nasty old truck , it better work now . 
its pope hunting season :o 
im an old man trapped in a young body !!! gobama . 
the world would be a better place if we all took a break to make hand party every now and than 
come and hit me with sticks ! i have < PROPFEMALE > on the inside . 
the body was immortal , the soul was not so lucky . who else could have done it and gone this far !!! 
heaven piercing crimson lottus ! 
im not afraid of heights , heights are afraid of me ! thats why i can climb the ladder . 
i have xxx < PROPFIRST > vision ... my intentions are lewd ! YAMADA !!! 
writing this from the office at work = 0 
making hand party , join me now . 
im gonna travel the world illegaly doing illegal things , who wants to live for ever n e ways . who wants to come with ? 
Do I masterbate in public ? No ! Public masterbates on me !! 
all the girls call me '' el pollo loco '' on account of my crazy ability to choke the chicken . 
death will come long before surrender . 
if any one gets a tatto of my face on their back i will get a tatto of their back on my face . 
unlike my best friend , cherry-kun , i will respect you in the morning . 
before the world was created , the word already existed . the word was the source of life , and this life brought light to mankind . the light shines in the darkness , and the darkness has never put it out . 
life is a waterfall , we're one in the river and one again after the fall . swimming trough the void we hear the word , we loose ourselves but we find it all . 
who gives a shit ! 
drinking soma , doing my sisters , and fighting off yamada's advances . 
i invite all to join me in association with p.e.t.a. ( people eating tasty animals ) to help keep the population < PROPFIRST > of wild animals down . 
sick . i gots < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > disorder . 
im all out of soma to drink , now taking new volunteers . 
i have already forgotten more than you will ever learn . 
they show no mercy to the merciful . 
when people look out the window and see me and my compadre cherry-kun i bet they say '' there go those basterds that always pee outside , and they are at it again!!!'' 
it dont matter to me if it dont matter to you and even if it matters to you it still dont matter to me . 
this world can kiss my ass !!! im going to space . 
shut up and kiss me . 
writing this from work ... don't tell my boss . also a shout out to cherry-kun . 
like the fenix , our penises shall rise again . 
got melancholy , a mood disorder of non-specific depression . 
raping pitbulls . 
reason is for those who cannot live without clinging to it . 
must ... kill ... SELF !!! 
just a reminder to all . i have xxx-ray vision . 
today nobody dies ! 
finally , now that < PROPFEMALE > is dead i can go on living . 
i hate lisps . 
i shall fake my death to get out of work tomorrow ... i hope nobody questions my claim when i go back alive and well on wednesday . 
to be a man you must have honor , honor and a peeeeeeeeenis !!! ( its a song ) 
dang . by the time i went to check it out it was already gone . banned i guess . 
toguro !!! 
nani o shite imasuka ? 
every one should read \my balls\ " ( actuall name of book not a lewd joke or anything ) . well every one over 18 that is . " 
things a great woman should have ! \ 
1 . looks\ 
2 . personality\ 
3.my baby !!!!!!! 
if you are a teenaged girl who is having trouble deciding between necrophelia or bestiality than you may be the girl from twatlight . also '' high school of the dead '' may be the best show of this summer . 
this nightly dream called life is gentle and melancholy . 
green = go\ 
red = stop\ 
yellow = full speed !!!!! 
reading some manga n some books , lots of reading . 
my bones may break but i don't . 
one day my memories will fade , her smile and her voice , i may forget them as well , but i will always remember i loved her . ( i over use this quote . ) 
i'm at work right now . for all your anime needs consult < PROPMALE > . 
nuke the nazis ! 
WELCOME TO THE N.H.K. !!! \ 
no internet at home , comcast is stupid . i got 16 dollars to live on untill next week and im now accepting donations . 
THE JU-KEN CLUB !!! 
you know that old cliche where people slip on banana peals ? thats me now -_- . \ 
i sliped on a banana peal at work . 
holy crap , one manga is dead ... that sucks . \ 
R.I.P. one manga : july 2010 . 
jst bought whole nhk series ... feeling broke . 
they should change the name of this town to village hidden in the rain , seems like it rains every day . 
welcome to the N.H.K. ! this must be the world god only knows . 
there is only me and her in this world . if we stare at each other for ever will my world become only that which is reflected within her eyes ? will her world become only that wich is reflected within my eyes ? ev ... erything that is me , is her . everything that is her , is me . 
my boss thinks im a devil worshiper , who knows ?... really , who knows , hehehe . 
i had a strange dream last night , in my dream every one i ever knew was getting together for a huge group picture . for some reason i was not allowed to be in the picture and some one kept pulling me away every time i tried to go in the picture , i called for my friends but they didnt hear , actually nobody could hear or see me . 
even if one hundred winters pass one hundred times i will wait for you . 
going to white water !!! b back by sundown . 
the juken club vs . team katana ? hmmmm ... 
i got crazy sun burn at whitewater , i didnt wear sunscrean cuz i assumed mexicans didnt get sun burn , i was sadly mistaken . 
im walking to japan . for the record i know its an island , i dont care , im still walking to it . 
heaven piercing crimson lottus . 
fire washes the flesh off the bone and the sin off the soul . 
its pope hunting season , i have many pope hats hanging on my wall . 
gonna go shoot things soon , if you wanna come sign up now ! 
glad all the little brats are back in day prisson , only bad side is the heavy trafic . 
i'd rather die on my feet than live on my knees ! kiss my ass earth , to space i go !!! 
need a hair cut ( i look like a hair covered poop , cuz im brown n hairy , get it ? ) but i dont wanna spend money , any one wanna take a crack at it ? 
even if i go straight to hell , i'll do what ever it takes to be with her , because eternity with out the one you love by your side is hell no matter where you are !!! \ 
-<PROPMALE>'s last words to god before diving in to hell . 
the love me and her shared was the only proof that we ever existed in this world , so when she left us behind , a part of me died too . 
when all has been said and done , say and do it all again . 
heart beats that match , souls endlessly intertwined , eyes that reflect only one another , this is how i know there is no other , she was born for me and i was born for her , two half to the same story , the same < PROPFEMALE > . 
You want to fuck no me ? NO , I fuck on you !!! * fight !!! * 
your breath smells like dirt ... 
when death reaps my soul , my heart will stay with you . when time consumes my flesh and bones , my heart will stay with you . when memory fails and melts what was my life into a distant dream , my heart will stay with you.no matter what happens my heart was always yours . 
peace maker , bone breaker , shit taker , it is I . 
quien quiere ?!? 
clannad makes me cry T.T 
thinking about buying a bike , prob a cruiser . yayaya gonna crack my skull !!!!!! 
in its spare time < PROPFEMALE > dresses like italy and pretends to be her on the mirror . \ 
\ 
en su tiempo libre < PROPFEMALE > se biste de italia y pretende ser < PROPFEMALE > en el espejo . 
my friend cherry-kun told me i was gonna go to the lowest pit of hell with hit**r , stalin , mussolini and that sort of people , i asked why and he said \cuz u got tatto(girly music ) on your i-pod \"" 
man ... im getting sooooo old ... 
is beyond the limits of darkness and light . 
good times , good food , good friends . saw big face , soap master , the mighty < PROPMALE > , i w < PROPFEMALE > play , master cheff < PROPFEMALE > , awesome < PROPFEMALE > , and the lil < PROPFEMALE > ren-chan ... she's so girly . 
kiba ( I ) says dont hate , masturbate . \ 
blood for the blood god , all hail britania . 
THIS GI IS HUGEEEEEE !!! who do they think i am ? god couldnt fit in this thing its so big , seriously i could live in it . imma trip and lil ren-chan is gonna kick me in the teeth !!! 
my heart wont tell my mind to tell my mouth what to say . 
im coming back , coming back . \ 
we'll live for ever , live for ever . \ 
lets have a wedding , have a wedding . \ 
lets start the killing , start the killing . 
devans ears started bleeding when we were bench pressing , too much weight maybe ? -_- 
life is a waterfall , we're one in the river and one again after the fall . swimming trough the void we hear the word , we loose ourself but we find it all . 
i learned something computer related from miss < PROPFEMALE > last night , she said i was full of \it\ " ( to put it in pg ) but i did learn !!! infact i used those skills today . " 
turns out im worse shit than i ever was !!! i almost poked my own eye out , and all i did was stumble and throw my weight arround . however , im happy because now i have no choice but to push forward . \ 
step one . learn how to throw a proper punch technique . \ 
step two . build up my endurance to atleast what it used to be . \ 
its gonna take alot of time and im gonna need alot of help . 
i thought i could fly into the sky ... if i wanted it bad enough ... 
a friend invited me to watch < PROPFIRST > pilgrim today , this will be the second in a week but i dont mind at all , that movie was AMAZING !!! 
vampires suck was pretty good . 
it is not her voice that calls me , it is her eyes . 
the food at work tastes like crap and im bored ! i miss hanging out at miss < PROPFEMALE>'s and not jst cuz she feeds me . 
whats up with all these douchebag teenagers wanting to sail arround the world ? first of all why dont they have to go to school and i did , not only that but they get to go arround the world . second , where did they get all the money and a boat ? little shits !!!!! 
i am an old man trapped in a young body . 
must ... join ... ARMY !!! or some other military branch . 
is obama a dinosaur ? full story today at 5 . 
to mooch or not to mooch , that is the question . 
a tener aventuras y morir joven ! 
i've said it before and i'll say it again . They don't call me action bastard for nothing ! 
me and devan lost the lottery ... again ... 
if the < PROPFIRST > springer show were cancelled , the good people of alabama would loose their only source of income . 
oh , sweets ! 
i rock there for i roll . 
don't kiss me , bitch , you just threw up ! 
school days was even sadder than clannad ... it made me get dizzy . 
good bye my youth !!! 
the place is here , the time is now , its all or nothing , now or never !!! 
will some one who is qualified please start the count down till A.W.A. ? 
heaven , hell , or gantz ? 
like the phoenix , our P ! #^%*s shall rise again 
He told me enough ... HE TOLD ME YOU KILLED HIM !!! 
TASTE MY PAIN , BITCH !!!!! 
the dream is over , we will never be happy again ... UNTILL NEXT YEAR !!!!! 
had my first sake & stir fry ( my friend had to buy the sake for me ) and some fat black guy spilled beer on me ( second time this year -_- ... ) 
hey there , long time no see !... have you gained weight ? 
who the hell do you think i am ?!? 
hey there girly , come sit on my lap and we can talk about the next thing that pops up . 
this love was suicide but in death i foud the end of heartache , now my hell is bliss . 
words that leave this world empty of everything except just us , i love you , this world ends where our love begins . 
off work now time to work . 
the history of the world is not complete untill your story is told . 
the love of a falling < PROPFEMALE > is sending you a brief light , watch the eternal dream . 
i went to the ford to pick up a truck for work when i spoted a < PROPFIRST > , it was amazing , i was stareing and i started to cry . i wasnt crying cuz the car was so amazing , i was crying cuz it cost 3 years salary ... im so poor T.T 
i wish church people would stop bothering me every time i have time off . if i wanted to go to church i'd be at church -_- 
blue ridge was awesome , i discovered im good at all sorts of camping stuff , the other campers were calling me \fire starter\ " and i saw the true night sky for the first time ever . it was cold tho . " 
the weather's been great and i've been at work the whole time ... 
the brighter light shines the darker the shadows arround it grow . 
I'm waiting so long ... \ 
I'm waiting ... 
waste not , want not . 
im kiba-kun . 
japanese lesson . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Lovely Muni Muni Mura Mura Purin Purin Boron Nurururerorero 
unemployed by 5 o'clock tomorrow . 
Before the world was created , the Word already existed . The Word was the source of life , and this life brought light to mankind . The light shines in the darkness , and the darkness has never put it out . 
she broke my heart and she doesnt even know it . 
< PROPFEMALE > me rompio el < PROPFEMALE > y ni siquiera lo sabe . 
there's nothing better than girls with long black hair , its true its true ! * scratching back of the head * ^///^ 
chicken soup for the otaku soul ? 
i need to buy one of those shark bite resistant diving suits and wear it under my clothes incase zombies attack . wha makes me say this ? i dont know ... its a good idea though , that and an automatic shotgun with a high capacity clip . 
you-my mom told me mexico is really dangerous . \ 
me-yes , its full of mexicans !... just kidding ! i mean , yea , its full of mexicans but ... 
when i hear the title for the movie alien vs predator i cant help but think of mexicans fighting rapists and stuff like that . 
deep words . 
it has taken me 10 hours to write 10 minutes worth of reading ... 
yesterday ... worse day ever ? \ 
no but it was pretty damn close . \ 
only reason it wasnt so bad was because of my friends . 
well i ain't seen my baby since i dont know when . \ 
i've been drinkin ' bourbon , whisky , scotch , and gin . \ 
gonna get high man , im gonna get loose . \ 
need me a tripple shot of that juice . \ 
gonna get drunk dont you have no fear . \ 
i want one bourbon one scotch and one beer . 
Shot her down because she made me sore\ 
I thought I was her daddy but she had five more 
my heart , your beats . 
took the navy asbvab . i hope i did well . i think i did well ... 
i wish it was september again T T_T T 
ALL HAIL BRITANNIA !!!!! 
i was tagged on an awesome video . i think i was smoking in it ! 
on the internet , men are men , women are men , and children are FBI agents . 
en el internet los hombres son hombers , las mujeres son hombres , y los ninos son agentes < PROPMALE > FBI 
religion is ego disguised as humility . 
do i masturbate in public ? NO ! public masturbates on me ... 
If you aren't remembered , then you never existed . \ 
p.s. You < PROPMALE > bastards ! * fist shake . * 
dont drink and drive just smoke and fly ?. 
LOVE MEEEEEEE !!! \ 
* with this new face , who can recist ? *-thought bouble . 
If I can be with you when the world ends , it'll be enough for me ! 
I can show you what color your brain is . 
feeling sick ... but if i pass out in my room nobody will find me ... help ... 
went to the chow baby ( big chow grill ) and got drunk with sake . than next thing i know me and devan are eating doughnuts at the big chicken !!! they dont even sell doughnuts there !!! 
i didnt have diner last night , i havent had breakfast today , and its already lunch time ... whats worse , the bank texted me my balance ... i have no moneys for nutrients ToT . its like the first < PROPFEMALE > of the NHK ! 
part of beign young is beign broke . thank god my brothers hide ramen cups or i'd have died many times over already . 
The English love their tea . They REALLY love their tea . Almost sexually . 
good times with vodka , half a chicken , pizza , and a few friends . 
i've got a drinkin ' problem , man , one mouth and two hands . 
i did not drink and drive , i drank than i drove . 
shatter the sky , heaven piercing crimson lotus ! 
i went and bought my mom a cristmas gift and now i cant afford a hair cut . \ 
it couldnt have worked out better if i had planed it ! :o 
Im getting wings at station 1 and this little bitty black kid keeps asking me if im his daddy and hes calling me papa . Idk wtf is going on but that aint me . 
YUGIOOOOOOH !!!! more like you gay oh ! what a boring game . 
as far as im concerned i have 4 brothers . 
she does karate to my heart . 
five cow tongues , the whole head of o cow , and all of that same cow's ribs . thats what i had for christas dinner . plus a ton of sides . \ 
btw we made a snow man . 
sick . 
got a hair cut ... it sucks ... it'll grow back , i hope . 
even if you're the devil , hell is hell . 
its gantz ... THE MOVIE !!! 
this is exactly what it looks like ... 
perhaphs i'll make another snow man . 
they dont call me action bastard for nothing !!! 
From dream to dream we leap , and today we dream anew . 
job interview tomorrow . wish me luck , dammit !!! 
Courage , dear\ 
I am here\ 
Rest in my love\ 
Breezes ? sigh\ 
Moonlit sky\ 
Stars shine above 
la melancholia de < PROPMALE > Higuera . 
i havent slept in 30 years ... im so tired ... \ 
im going to start walking to mexico . for some reason i want to get out of the country for a while . 
nuns in miniskirts . \ 
loose your mind , win my heart . 
HAKUNA MATATA , BITCHES !!! 
i'll be the first to admit it , im a shut in . i hate leaving my house and when most people talk to me i feel a great pressure to run from them ( i can still force myself to stay and talk ) \ 
but even so , it gets so lonely here in my room . 
BITCHES , PLEASE !!!!! stop posting about how much you \love\ " your lifes 
to play golf , soccer , football , basketball or baseball just one ball is enough but to be a boxer you need two balls !!! lol 
i got my passport . 
posting you \love\ " your life on the internet is synonymous with saying you love and sniff your own farts . " 
maaaaaaan , im old ... 
Panties , Panties , Panties . 
much like corn syrup i am corny but sweet . 
be cool . 
the worst has happened ! ive drank too much and cant drive , not only that but im hungry and no one delivers this late . 
chupa cabra hunting lessons tonight at 9:00 in the woods behind my house . the lesson is free but net rental is 5 bucks . 
ah yes . i remember my great granfathers funeral . i must have been arround 5 and < PROPMALE > might have been between 3 or 4 . any ways what i remember most about that day was when < PROPMALE > looked over at our grand father , pointed his finger at him , smiled and said \haha your dad is dead ! \"" 
teenagers ... will the bitching ever cease ? 
the girls call me , \el pollo loco \"." 
i sure could use some drink and some company . 
I'LL GIVE IT MY ALL !!!... tomorrow . 
honesty is a wonderful thing . hypocricy rots this world . 
missed momo-con ... the whole thing ... i was working ... 
a ton of sushi at ru-san's and a couple of bottles of sake on the house went horribly wrong . also much beer . 
thank you all for your love ! 
saw tha devil in atlanta . had a gun pointed at me in < PROPFEMALE > . this weekend was weird but the night life in < PROPFEMALE > and my best friend devan made everything alright . 
after watching the gantz and death note live action movies i have decided that japanese actors learn their trade from the power rangers . every move is so exaggerated that its hard to take the movie seriously . 
so ... its 2011 and still no flying cars , mechas , robot limbs , or space colonys ... WTF !!! if some one from 100 years ago were here im sure they'd say \the future blows \"" 
im out and about on my first day of work . most uncool ! 
my day off came and went in the blink of an eye ... work tomorrow ... i'll be in my happy place in my mind tho . 
