Im gonna take a shower .. Then got to the mall ! 

Im like so effin bored yo ! 
BORED BORED BORED BORED 
i wanna go to the zoo 
I hate men ! 
On a new path .. 
Some times I wish u wouldn't act like this 
Okay question for the dudes would you rather fuck a girl who can squirt or a girl that can not ? 
just me , myself , and my cat ... 
eating this bomb ass hamburger i just made .. Yum 
Goin out tonight with my lil gay boy < PROPMALE > ill be down town in the effin cold lmao oh well ! 
OMG NOBODY WANTS UR MAN ! 
Chilling with my dog 
im sooooooooooo bored ! 
Silly niggahs you can't turn a hoe into a housewife .. SMH When will y'all learn as easy as she gave it up to you is as easy as she'll give it up to the next niggah .. Question of the day .. Would you leave a good Woman for some one less then her , who only does half the shit she's done ? 
I FUCKING HATE MEN ! 
bye 
Listening to What love got to do with this by < PROPFEMALE > Turner .. A classic 
Thats right Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken sing it sister ! 
Look at your self then look at me .. 
wat should i wear ?????? 
Excuse me I'm sorry I'm really such a ladie .. Thats my bitch .. 
Listening to : Pleasure P- Lick Lick Lick 
ugh carmax sucks my fucking lips hurt ! 
Who got comcast and wanna let me come over so i can watch hey < PROPMALE > ? 
I think i'm gonna clean my room .. 
I'm bored as fuck ! 
JUST TO PROVE I DONT HAVE A BOYFRIEND I WAS DATING A GIRL NAME TEASIA FOR GOING ON A YEAR TODAY SHE WAS MY LOVE MY LIFE MY EVERYTHING BUT OVIOUSLY I WASNT GOOD ENOUGH FOR HER ! 10-3 0-0 9 >=3 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > Martinez you are in my prayers .. I hope they catch him ! 
Parties ??? 
( I can't keep on living ) this way ... S(he ) be(lie)ve(d ) when he said he loved her 
fucc u fucc u fucc u fucc u fucc u fucc u fucc u fucc u fucc u fucc u fucc u fucc fucc fucc fucc fucc fucc u ! 
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck 
lick lick lick ! Yummy Yummy 
i feel sick 
BORED OUT OF MY MIND .. THINK BOUT TEASIA 
getting a life bye bye facebook .. 
LIKE my status and i'll tell you if I'd date you or not ... 
Like my status and I'll \why wassup you\ " ... GO Head " 
Like my status and i'll punch u in the mouth lmao jk jk jk 
Im bored someone talk to me ! 
Like my status and ill give u my digits .. 
just got out the shower .. FRESH ! 
i LiKE THE FEELING OF CLEAN ! SNiFF SNiFF HOORAY ! 
I like boobs .. i just came to relize that and I love girls with ass its the diggity fresh 
Hey FB do any of yall have five dollars ? 
Lmao wish i could suckle on those chocolaty milk bags lmao that ish gets me every time .. 
Is feminine oder getting you down or everyone around you down then you need to clean your ass .. for a limited price of free ninety ninety you can hop your stank ass in the tub .. time is running out for the one time offer low price of free ninety ninety go now ! 
Is feminine oder not only getting you but everyone else around you down then you need to clean your ass .. for a limited price of free ninety ninety you can hop your stank ass in the tub .. time is running out for the one time offer low price of free ninety ninety go now ! 
Who Drea De'Nay my lil ass hole who i just wanna kill sometimes but i love her , yea i kno her why whats up ? 
just ate sum type of meat it was bomb .. think it was steak 
Its question time ask me any question u want and i have to answer it .. ready set GO ! 
im not confused I just like to dress like a guy and some times a girl is there something wrong with that ...? 
hallelujah 
My Dr said i should express my feels .. so here it goes i feel like beating the shit out this bitch choking her till her face turns purple then turn on the stove and put her face in it then cut her up into lil peaces and feed her to a bum .. 
I want some nesquick strawberry milk yo .. 
I beat my girlfriend ! 
Tired of the lies every time we get to a point where I think we are making progress you always come with some new shit one hole year and I'm still not enough how do you love me when you're messing with 100 different females .. Fuck Love I Sick Of Trying . 
Cnt turn a hoe in to a house wife .. need a new girl .. like my status if you would like to get to kno me ! 
My cat is gonna piss me off lil bitch tryed to steal my bacon looking like a damn crack fean trying to get into this pizza box 
i need an id 
Single : You actually got the nerve to fuck her the same exact day I can to see you fucking dirty ! I have come to hate you its funny how you can love some one so much then they do sum fucked up shit like that and fuck you totally over ! FUCK LOVE ! You dont know how to love and if thats how you love I dont want it ! Tavii wanna go to < PROPFIRST > with me tomorrow think i'm gonna beat a bitch ? 
Okay lets continue this convo on this status the other ones getting kinda long ... 
Wow thats why i dnt fuck with lil ass girls lmao wow hella lied on me ... To grown to lie about talking to some one lmao kid shit on me then wont even answer your phone < PROPFEMALE > i call to curse your lying asss out Drea pick up the fuccing phone yo on me ! 
Y'all just really want me with no one but Te'Asia lol just striking out all my opportunities lmao I hate yall brodie on me lmao lil fuck boys ! 
Fuck it i give up today is just not my day .. First i starve half the day , find out that my cousin is in the hospital fighting for his life , my girl cheats on me , have to end a relationship i've been in for a whole fucking year of my miserable life , i'm lying here listening to slow jams like i'm fucking 40 , and i've been in 6000 and 5 thousand arguments today . FUCK THE WORLD .. 
Word of advice to all you FB peeps NEVER I REPEAT NEVER TALK TO YOUNG GIRLS NEVER EVER EVER EVER ! GIRLS AINT NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS ESPECIALLY THE YOUNG ONES ! 
Lmao this is funny to me yo lol your hella making ur self look dumb lmao aint it past ur bed time lil kid ????? U got school in the morning .. 
I feel away i can describe ... I think its an i dnt give a fuck attitude .. 
how much does an assassin cost ? 
Listening to my favorite rapper : Tupac yes this is the life fuck hoes ! 
I want to go out to eat but don't have any one to go with 
The one person u would never think would do you the most fucked up is the first one on the list .. Just got done cleaning my room I think i'm gonna go to sleep .. Oh n by the way Fuck You Yo On Me !.. 
Seems like all I can do now is give up ... can't hold on to some one who let go a long time ago .. going to bed bye facebookers 
I'm bored so .. Send any question you want to my inbox and i'll answer on my status ... ready set go 
Q : Could you see us bein together ? A : hell yea 
Q : could you ever see yourself talkin to me ? A : Honest to god by looks no your not really my type but if you have a cool personality it might make up for that so its in between a yes and a no .. 
I need friends 
Q : Would Yhu Let Meh Smash ? A : Lol i've known you for 7 years and you still havent smashed sooo .. well idk maybe some day you play to much and you dont keep in touch with me lil ass hole .. but i still love u ps- maybe u should make an effort to talk to me then we can see where it goes from there ? 
Q : HOW U LIKE ME SO FAR ? AM I CUTE ? N WARE U SEE USS IN THA FUTURE ? A : I think your funny cute and an all around cool person that needs a female like me in her life lol but ugh I could see us being together or if not real good friends .. 
Q : What do you like most about me ? A : Your personality your cute and your mind is on the right track also you see stuff in me that others don't you are beautiful in side and out and you have a caring heart that no one couldn't love 
Q : Rate me ,, would < PROPFEMALE > date me pass me up or toot it n boot it ? A : 8 .. um im not sure i'd have to get to know you 
Men now days really aren't shit what has our world come to ? If men don't get it together pretty soon every female in < PROPFEMALE > is gonna be lesbian real talk . 
The gay population in the year 2010 has increased extremely since 2000 595,000 couples in < PROPFEMALE > consist of same sex partners .. and thats just the half that they know of .. 
I feel Like Deleteing my facebook 
( I have a headache ) 
Harkins tonight ! 
Who wants to go to the movies tonight ? 
going downtown ... 
Lifes a fuckin roller coaster I wish this shit would break down like the old white one at lakeside ........ 
Watching elmos world 
Can't wait for the 15th .. 
Yes i'm a girl with a lil meat on my bones .. I'm big and beautiful 
Yo amo a mi bebé que quiere decir el mundo para mí 30 de abril para siempre ! 
it sounds crazt but I miss Job Corps so much ! 
I need to stop my ways before < PROPFEMALE > bites me in the ass .. Starting over ! Can't do the things I've been doing .. I know it's bad when my moms telling me so .. 
i hate females how could u be so in love with some one but then you move on q day after yall break up lmao wow fake bitches ! 
I need a job and I need to MOVE OUT ! 
I really hate my life ! 
eating mashed potatoes with cheese 
Nothing to do tonight ! UGH ! 
We are young heartache to heartache we stand No promises no demands Love is a battlefield . We are strong n o-o ne can tell us we're wrong Searching our hearts for so long Both of us knowing Love is a battlefield . 
lol why am I just sitting here watching this infomercial 
My tummy hurts I think i'm gonna go die in a corner lol .. Watching this infomercial when did Montel start advertising blenders lol .. Niggahs ! 
Chips and Dip Chips and Dip .. 
Listening to a lil bit of mexican music 
THERE WAS A SPIDER ON MY SHIRT UGH I'M SO FUCKING SCARED OF SPIDERS ! I MUST HAVE SCREAMED SO LOUD N MY WORTHLESS CAT JUST GONNA STARE AT IT ..! 
GOT MY PERMIT TODAY ! 
Like my status nd ill write a letter to u .. =) .. Dear____ , u have cute____ . If we wer in a room together , i wuld____ . U and i should____ . If u hugged me i would____ . U are very____ . I would get ur name tattooed on my____ . And u have just been dared to make this ur status .. 
Well when I first saw you on facebook I was like shes bomb on me .. lol hella 
Bye fuckers ! 
What is Yellow in drug turns or anything along that lines besides a color ..? 
What is yellow in drug terms or anything along that lines besides a color ..? any one know ? 
Like my status for an I ain't gonna lie lol im hella bored so get to clicking ! 
I'm a have to send her to her maker 
My moms getting surgery tomorrow hope everything goes good .. 
Can't look at those pics of us cause it makes me miss wat we had .. damn .. 
Going downtown for the parade of lights ironing my pants .. I'm a bad person .. 
Nobody really noticed that behind her smile was a heart of pain .. Day after day trying to regain the strength she had to return again back to those happier days .. Her friends keep telling her some day it will get better .. So she waits hiding under the hood of her sweater .. Then one day she just gave up .. One human being can only take so many beatings .. The strongest Woman Alive Has Her Limits .. 
Nobody really noticed that behind her smile was a heart of pain .. Day after day trying to regain the strength she had to return again back to those happier days .. Her friends keep telling her some day it will get better .. So she waits hiding under the hood of her sweater .. Then one day she just gave up .. One human being can only take so much .. The strongest Woman Alive Has Her Limits .. 
Lol my pictures on Google images lol wow lol Google me baby ! 
I'm going downstairs to get my apple juice home slices ! BRB ! 
My punk ass cat is acting like she the only niggah on the bed shit Cloe scoot ur fat ass over lmao i'll be damn if i get punk for my bed by a damn cat ! 
I kinda miss her ... 
So I don't really get this number game . I wanna play ? Teach Me ! 
Okay lets play ! Inbox me a number and I'll tell you what I think or Thought of you 
#333 I think you kinda cute lol .. 
#46 Your cool cause you always play the lil facebook games with me lol 
#1 Lol you have really pretty hair and your cool cause you like the same cartoon as me ! 
#7 . 635 I FUCKING LOVE YOUR CRAZY ASS WITH EVERY LIL PIECE OF MY ACHY BRAKEY HEART ! But I do want my jacket byotch ! 
#211010 OMG where do I start ! I love you so you just don't know like damn I never thought I could love a person so much ! You make me smile when I frown and you bring me up when I'm down .. Even though you piss me off at times .. You are me best friend and my love for life ! But your still a punk ! 
SND ME A NUMBER AND A QUESTION N I'LL ANSWER U CAN ASK ME ANY THING AND I HAVE TO ANSWER IT ! 
Going to dinner with my bestie ! Yay ! 
I am sick as hell and these lil bay bay kids is out side my house acting an ass i feel like yelling out my window to tell them to shut thee fuck up !!!!!! I got a muther fucking head ache and I ain't scared to beat some one elses kids ! 
Had fun at the movies with lexus today we went and saw Megamind hella cute ! 
About to go see my < PROPFEMALE > poo ! 
I really hate those things with dicks ... > = / 
Missin my lexxous !!!! UGH !!!! 
Love Ya If You Got ME Fuck You If You Had ME ! Real talk brand new attitude on these bitches aint got time for the BS and thats from the heart yo ! 
FUCK BITCHES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stupid Bitches !!!!! Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Bitches ! 
Blah ! \ 
I'm grounded ! 
I have everything n anything but I'm still missing something .. 
Playing the color game send me a color !!!! 
-Blueberry Perp ;; u drive me up the wall but I love you ! Also I still want what you owe me from that day !!!! SIR ! 
Aqua ;; Oooo Weee Where do I start .. u drive me insane , make me wanna punch a newborn baby in the face , kill a cat , and a whole family .. At times you make me sad , mad to the fullest , and hurt . When ever I see u I feel u .. And we've been through it all hell and back like OMG .. But through it all we always find a way back to being us and for that I love you and always will but I dislike you at moments !! 
rainbow ;; ur mad cute n i'm mad that u can poke me but not speak ! 
Cocaine white ;; well well well lmao I remember the first time I saw u in church and I had the most biggest lil kid crush on u lmao then that time at Jaspmines party lol I was so excited that u talked to me lol those were the days but .. You never txted me and I wanted to punch u in the eye ! 
big Daddy < PROPMALE > brown ;; Lol well Mr. Baby Hulk humm I miss kicking it with yall ! Like sooooooooooooooooo much but yup ! Also I miss those school days I used to skip acting class just to < PROPFEMALE > out with you in the hall way ! lol And talk about ur waves lol and how ur for head was the sand lmao but yea I think you should hit me up ! 
Uniique black ;; * sigh * All I can say is I love you in so many different ways like omg .. You are my bestie for life 7 going on 8 years .. I miss how much we used to < PROPFEMALE > out though .. Wish we could < PROPFEMALE > out more fa sho ! 
I sure wish more people would play this damn color game with muwah ! 
Lighting Blot Gold ;; I dont believe I know you but you do look like a really cool person n maybe we can b friends ! 
Money green ;; You are a great friend u've always been ther for me and never judged me for my differences .. I Luv You 
im kinda bored 
< PROPFEMALE > red ;; lol the point of the color game is for no one to know that its u i'm talking about thats y ur supposed to inbox it lol .. but any who u r my niggah n ily 
Random thought '' I wanna frog .. 
candyyii bluee :; My sissy ! ily n I want u to cum back I miss our adventures lmao ! 
Colors ! 
I say we make a new game ! 
Whats going down for tonight ?!?! 
Going down town with my bytches !!! 
There's just sum thing about u that is just so beautiful to me . 
Bumping my tunes .. feeling my self .. smoking a Blackie yup yup like my boogar would say Yeeeeeeeeeeeah ! 
I love u cause u except me flaws and all .. Im not perfect god knows I'm not but you think I am ao thats what makes me love u ! 
This is a question for the men would you cheat on ur girl if you loved her ??? 
Getting ready to go to the game at Central ! 
I'm Speechless IIIIIIIII'm Speechless thats my shit !!! 
LMAo So i'm watching the Whip My Hair music video right LMAO and I was just thinking all those black girls whippig they hair .. what if a track came loose lmao it all flys acrossed the room lmao ! Just a thought .. 
Ugh I need to go back to cali baby !!!! 
BYE FACEBOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Sick N Tired ... Who else feels me ! 
It's all Oaky < PROPMALE > Smokey Skiddley Doo BitchesXD ...!! 
Why should I make you a priority if I'm just an option ? 
Niggahs is fucking < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Dah < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!! But it's all oaky < PROPMALE > smokey !! 
I'm really feeling like bringing this fuck it attitude back real shit . 
Oh fuck this how yall gonna change the zodiac signs I aint no damn < PROPFIRST > i'm a virgo !!! 
Going to see Lexx ! 
I want chicken nuggets !!!!! 
I'm going to B.E.D !!!! Night night fbers !!! 
I feel bad for niggah with the last name pickett lmao .. Plantation niggahs .. 
Knee-Gah please ! 
About to head to school ! First day ! 
I need some new txt buddies ! 
Skeet Skeet ! Boom Boom Bang ! 
P o k e ) Me if Y0U Ever Had a Crush 0N Me . \ 
( L i k e ) This Status if I'm a Good Friend . \ 
( M e s s a g e ) Me if Y0U Ever Wanted a ReLationship . \ 
( C o m m e n t ) 0N This if We Ever Had Any Great Memories . \ 
If Y0U feeL Brave , Copy This & Post This 0N Y0UR Status !!!! X 
Who wants to be my < PROPFIRST > ???? 
I'm feeding my dog popcorn .. SHE LOVES IT !!! 
Pool filled with caramel is not as fun as a chocolate bar full of caramel .. Chicka Chicka Yea ! 
So say if you were black okay and another black person said some thing like thats why your moms a nigger .. Should you take that to offence ? Or ....? 
Going to bed gotta wake up early for school tomorrow Love you guys !! MUWAHZ !! 
\Like\ " My status and for every like I get I'll make a confession about you " 
I'm bored hit me up some one ! 
Confession numero uno- I'm left a pair of your socks at Lexx's house lmao .. Oh and I'm madly in love with you lol I ? U Bestie ! 
I think I'm going to look for more friends you guys are no offence kinda boring .. 
Confession numero dose- I LOVE YOU !!! You are sooooo funny !!! 
Confession numero tres- I still have the envelope and letter you wrote me when I was in job corps lol 
Confession número cuatro- I miss messing with you at school !! 
Confession número cinco- I miss hanging out with you and having fun fun fun !!!!!!!!!! 
Confession número seis- I Miss hanging out with you too .. A Hole 
Females sure do sound mighty tough over the phone ! 
Lol every person that know me know I be knocking BITCHES soooooo ask about me sweetie 17 years still ain't lost a fight but hey you just might be the first lol .. Gotta couple wet wipes in case a bum try's to touch me eww ! 
Why cheat ? You might as well just be single .. Why hurt somebody like that ? Especially if you been with that person for a long ass time how can you look at them and see them hurt ? I mean have you ever really looked at someone when they find out the person they gave there heart to has cheated looks like their hole hearts been shred to pieces .. its sad 
Alright inbox me questions ! 
Q : What would be the 1st thing you would wanna do if u saw me ? \ 
A : Umm .. I can't say but i'd give you a big hug !! 
Q : why yhu stop talking to me ... and did yhu really like me\ 
A : I lost your number and yea 
Have a baby by me baby and be on welfare !!! Be on welfare Be Be On Welfare !!! Ayye !! 
I'm making a random video where I talk about certain subject what should we talk about today ? I need ideas ! 
If you have ny other topic you would like me to discuss on my web cast called Topics with < PROPFEMALE > hit me up in a message or on my status 
Is there any boy that would volenteer to be questioned by alot of ladies ? 
Do any girls have any questions for us to ask the boy ? 
Long as you know that I could have any man I want to\ 
Baby that's actual and factual\ 
But still I choose you to be with me\ 
And work on me so you better not flake it up 
Bout to do some homework .. Call Me or Txt me If you aint got the number HMU ! 
I think I might rearrange my room ... 
Nite Nite !! 
I got so much effin homework it's not even funny .. FUCK !! Had to write like ten essays .. 
The Green Bay Douche Packers lmao ! Go Steelers ! Black & Yellow Black & Yellow ! 
I absolutely HATE being lied to .. 
So i'm going to the movies tonight any one want to escort me ??? 
Looks like i'm gonna be the third wheel YAY ME ! 
Aww gotta owee ? Dis is fo you ! ( ?? : ?? : ?? : ?? [ ?? ?? ] ?? : ?? : ?? : ?? ) 
Hungry ; what to eat what to eat ? 
What do you prefer light skinned or dark skinned ?!? 
There seems to be alot of apes escaping from the zoo and is out here in these streets .. DO NOT FEED THE MONKEYS THEY WILL FALLOW YOU HOME ! 
Gotta a new wrist watch but for some reason ain't got the time ... 
If I only had a gun .. God is looking out for some people ... WWJD but I think Jesus his self would even send a few people home I'm just saying don't shoot the messager shoot the donkey he rode in on 
What's up yall ! 
Why the hell do people take so long to answer one question .. just one not two not three just one and it's the most simplest question to like damn ! 
Niggahs now days are so W A C K .. wack ! I swear ... 
I need some one to talk to ... 
I wish the had an I'll Kill You button cause i'm be non stop on that shit .. 
going to the zoo ! 
My niece got me watching this dumb ass < PROPFEMALE > movie !!!! 
what do you do when a baby has a fever and is throwing up 
Go on now go walk out the door\ 
just turn around now\ 
' cause you're not welcome anymore\ 
weren't you the one who tried to hurt me with goodbye\ 
you think I'd crumble\ 
you think I'd lay down and die\ 
Oh no , not I\ 
I will survive 
Fuck Fuckity Fuck Fuck !!!!!!! Got Diggity Damn !!!! Shyt Shyt Shyt Fuck Slut Bitch Ass I'm so Got Damn Mad Got DAMNIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I just wanna forget ! 
Sitting at this mcdonalds with < PROPMALE > and Jaspmine .. Being the third wheel is exciting 
Can't sleep ! 
So why is my dog barking at this big ass dog on the other side of the fence like shes tuff lmao so cute ! 
I love old school music .. this new shit is trash I only have a few exceptions .. 
I also love the 80's I wish I was this age during the 80's I would have had a effing blast ! 
I'm a high-maintenance woman with expensive tastes , many wants and many needs if you can't apply to that then I am sorry sweetie . But momma knows what she wants and what momma wants momma gets ! Don't ever forget that .. 
Some times I really wish you could be better .. 
Men really r worthless .. 
Am I ugly or something ??? 
Shit dnt never work out of me .. Fuck it .. I'm going back to doing me real shit .. S(he ) Be(lie)ve(d ) When He Said He Said He Cared For Her ... 
Fuck you and ur weak ass crew ! 
No every thing that makes you feel good is good for you .. U shouldn't have the power to make me feel this way .. 
I really wish the people next door had a facebook so I could tell them to shut the fuck up sounds like they're making a horror movie over there fuck like shut the f up !!!!!!!! 
Ok so the people next door to me r some weridos lmao the lil kid wants his ipod and is crying n screaming then the mom is having a mental break down shes screaming I'm so scared i'm so scared n is crying and the dad is screaming shut up and I can hear all this through my effing wall .. Like wtf man go to fucking bed shit .. 
Now that I think of it today's been a pretty shitty day .. 
If I let you bring me down I might as well let every minor slip up in my life bring me down .. It's funny how shit works out at the end of the day you wake up having something then like that it's gone but hey everything happens for a reason things fall out of place so better things can fall in to place 
I wish I could go back to those days when boys had cooties .. B/ 
FUCKING DUMB ASS MUCUS I CAN'T FUCKING BREATH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HATE BEING SICK GOT DAMNIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ohkay < PROPFIRST > since you like to look at my facebook so effin much I am sick like really sick I haven't left my bed all day .. I'm not gonna get on the bus and travel half way around the world while I feel like this not today not tomorrow not any other day till I feel better cupeesh ? 
I am highly irritated ! 
Talk is cheap so y r yall still talking about me .. There shouldn't be shit to say about < PROPFEMALE > Elyese Rasmussen shit it's 2011 yall still talking shit ! Like damn get a new topic for real .. 
So how is it your grown but listening to what others have to say about me , myself , and I .. Fuck it shit I ain't got time for it cause what the haters forgot to mention is I'm 17 , in college , got a car , about to get a job , and my own crib lmao I got what most grown people haven't even achieved so y'all can say what you like cause when I make it big I'll be looking down laughing at u scrubs ! 
I need to get my rebase today .. lmao Oh You Fancy Huh ? Ask about me 
I'm so effin hot its not even funny fuck !!! 
Just to think how far I've come .. lol I'm bad ! 
Gonna start getting ready for school .. 
So about this east side pony tail movement ... Whats up with these girls with the ponytails that look like a slash lmao Or the claw and think they are sooooo effin cute .. 
So y would u talk shit than < PROPFEMALE > its time for u to get ur ass whooped not show up ... 
goin to sleep .. peace 
Sooo .. I'm laying down on my side in my room in the dark reading my fb inbox mail n next thing I know I hear wat sounded like dark vator behind me n I look n my cats siting behind me bein a total creeper .. Effin werido I swear 
I'm so glad i'm not ugly lol poor baby ! 
Life is what u make it !!! =] 
i'm bring the word hoochie back hella ! =/ 
Hoochie Momma- A female who dresses ghetto ho fabulous . Lots of gold , lots of weave-typically style with red , purple , gold , or orange streaks , and long nails with lots of airbrush glitter , and color . This female's goal in life is to use her female attriibutes to obtain a male with lots of money or any money to spend on her . Weaves , rent , & diapers for her baby from another daddy included . aka East Side Hoe lmao 
Y is this old ass man trying to spit game at me like knee-grow ur old enough to be my mommas daddy ! #FAIL 
Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > !?! 
