Another wonderful , warm family get together to bring in the New Year . It is such a blessing to have family that loves us and is fun to be with too . A very good start to 2010 I have to say . Thank you , Father . 

Yeah ... yay is right , until I get up ... woo < PROPMALE > .... 
I had an awesome time at Bible School . So spiritually uplifting and refreshing ! It was just too short ..... 
People who over criticize and people who never criticize are not our friends . Those who criticize too much saddle us with undeserved guilt and destroy us with negativity . Those who never criticize work to permanently establish us in the worst behaviors . 
is thinking about Ps . 73 . Things are not different today because it is a different century . People are just the same as they were back in Asaph's day . As long as the outside of the cup looks clean , why bother to look at the stuff deep inside ? They think it is hidden , but it is visible in their works . A good tree does not bear bad fruit and a bad tree does not bear good fruit . You will know them by their fruits . 
Going to CO Oct 12 . Can't wait to see friends and family ! 
< PROPFEMALE > FL has been , well , < PROPFEMALE > . We are enjoying 70 degree temps , and wonderful times with < PROPFEMALE > and Grandpa Brown . It's very good and I am thankful . : 0 ) 
That Farmville thing is entirely too time consuming ... ugh .... 
So my oven is down for Thanksgiving and the new one will not arrive until after . It is going to be a real challenge to put on Thanksgiving Dinner using a roaster and the stovetop ...... If I can pull that one off ...... wow . 
I'm thankful that we managed to have a good Thanksgiving meal without an oven and I'm thankful for yet another year of blessings in the form of needs met and good , loving friends and family . Thanks for all the encouraging words , everyone . 
I have a new stove at last !!!!!!! Yay !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just back from a trip down memory < PROPFIRST > ... watching old video of the < PROPMALE > Sullivan Show and all the 60's rock bands that he highlighted ... from the Beatles forward . 1964 on .... Guess I'm dating myself ... yes I was alive then . 
Things are not always what they seem .... 
It is more blessed to give than to receive ... the more I sit and ruminate on what I am not getting from people or from life in general , the unhappier I become and the poorer I am . If when I wish to think on what I don't have , I instead give that which I < PROPFEMALE > to have , I am suddenly happy and < PROPMALE > because in giving I receive . < PROPMALE > 6:38 
We had a wonderful Christmas with good friends and family and I'm so grateful that we have such a loving circle of people in our lives . It was a great time . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all . 
Both my sisters have their maiden names attached to their accounts ... sort of felt peer pressure to add it to mine ... probably isn't a bad idea . 
For all you folks who for years have been unaware of my maiden name , yes it is unusual , and both difficult to pronounce and spell . And you all thought Cusenza was bad ! LOL 
I smelled a snowman riding a motorcycle because big bird said to and he's my leader . 
I am friendly , cool and rarely drink coffee ... just sayin ' . 
We should only give our unqualified approval to things that we are absolutely sure are worthy of our approval for even the slightest doubt will subject us to a world of internal unrest . 
Words are like swords , arrows and clubs in Scripture ... How do we use our words ??? If we will be judged for every careless word we utter , how much more for those we wield like swords , release like arrows or use to batter like clubs ? May the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable before thee , O my God .... 
Words , words words .... 
Criticism is never easy to hear . But constructive criticism is necessary for growth to occur . When criticized , it is good to consider the intent of the remarks and whether the party making them has anything to gain from hurting us . It will help us to determine whether or not the criticism is meant for good . Sometimes it is . 
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree . I know this is true . I only hope that this tree is such that when my apples fall , it is good for them to be close to the tree . This is more challenging than I ever imagined . If I leave no other legacy for my children , I pray that the legacy that I leave is one of pure , unfeigned love , so that they can both give it and receive it in their lives . 
Blessed is the man who , having nothing to say , abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact . < PROPFIRST > Eliot ( 1819-1880 ) 
Spring forward .... it is that time again . I never get that hour back .... 
Saw my first crocus today at the meeting hall . First long awaited sign of spring . Beautiful . 
It occurs to me that in order for human beings to learn to be forgiving and to become kinder , gentler people , we first must learn to forgive ourselves and become kinder and gentler in the way we judge ourselves . So often the harshest judgments we pronounce upon other people comes from the harsh judgment of our own lives that we treasure up in our hearts ..... 
To quote a little boy I once knew ... I can never turn my brain off .... 
Furthermore , what does it teach our children ????? 
If one is truly secure in his or her worth as a person , then it is easy to put others ahead of self . 
A man can give no greater gift to his children than to love their mother . Knowing this kind of man is truly an honor . Seeing the love of two people that has endured for nearly 60 years is both inspiring and humbling . 
I just opened my profile < PROPFEMALE > and lo and behold , there is a \Stomach Fat Hormone\ " ad right there .... Ugh . " 
Thinking that surgery is in the near future again ... Guess I'm just bound and determined to finish that road map on my abdomen ..... 
Victims who see themselves as victims end up victimizing others . But victims who are ignorant to the fact that they are/were victims do too . So what leads people to recovery ? I think one has to squarely face the abuse , accept it as fact , then forgive the perpetrator of the abuse , and perhaps oneself ( for not disallowing it , assuming one was old enough to do so ) . Then they can be healthy . What do others think ? 
I had an awesome birthday , even though I \ 
entered a new category . ( 55-64 or 55 and up ... ) Wonderful meal with my < PROPFEMALE > , flowers , \ 
chocolate , a phone call from big bro , and lovely presents . Best of all \ 
many well wishes from my loved ones and friends . Thank you everybody ! I \ 
love you all . 
My latest fortune cookie ... \He who grabs the last lettuce wrap is the least hungry . \ " \ 
Fortune cookie of the day : He who throws mud loses ground .... oh boy . 
Blessed is the man who , having nothing to say , abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact . - < PROPFIRST > Eliot ( LOL ) 
True\ 
selflessness is not self abasement or borne of low self esteem . It is \ 
the outgrowth of a healthy sense of self worth , that allows one to \ 
consider the needs of others as more important than his own and\ 
happily concede his own desires in response to that understanding . 
Home from the hospital and recovering . It is slow and difficult in the eating dept but I guess that just goes with the territory . Hopefully , eating will once again be fun . Thank you to everyone for their love and prayers and well wishes . I feel very loved and I love you all too . 
Homemade soups from my next door neighbor and from my beloved friends < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > have been the highlight of my week's cuisine . What a lovely thing homemade soup is ... 
Thanks so much < PROPFEMALE > . I miss you too . It will be a little longer before I can make it to and through meeting , though . It is still not even comfortable to wear all items of clothing . But I am improving a little every day . I love you . 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday(Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is to end violence against children . STAND UP AGAINST CHILD ABUSE . SPREAD the campaign . 
Insanity : doing the same thing over and over expecting different results .... 
I am thankful for my loving sisters and niece who sent me a smiley face package last week with comfy clothes in it for my sensitive belly . Thanks so much < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! You guys are the greatest ! I love you . 
I am very grateful for the blessings of 2010 , for my loving family and friends , and for good health . I pray that God will bless my family and loved ones in the New Year with good health , happiness and prosperity to meet their every need . 
Becoming a mom is the best thing I ever did ... even though I didn't do it alone ... ;-) 
While on Facebook , look at your URL address ; if you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check at least the first setting . FB defaults to the non-secure setting , so you need to change it . Copy and re-post to help all your fellow facebookers . 
I love Chinese food ! Had a good dinner .... hmmmm . 
Even though it was chilly , it was a beautiful , < PROPFEMALE > day today . I should have washed my car . 
It is so strange that sometimes the more educated a person becomes , the more narrow his understanding becomes as well . \Ever learning but never able to come to a knowledge of the truth . \ " 2Tim . 3:7 " 
Never let your mind get boxed in by education ... 
