' s Nintendo DS is missing . If you have it , or know where it is , please let me know . Thanks . 

HAPPY NEW YEAR ! 
FINALLY GOT TO WEAR HER WELLIES ! 
is missing < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is wondering how the hell she can get all this summer work done . 
is remodeling a house ! 
Sure . This Wednesday ? 
soooo tired . still drinking caffeine tho ... 
loves the new school year ! 
agrees that no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . It's really simple to put people before profits . the rest of the world does . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day 
had awesome time at < PROPFEMALE>'s grad party . must remember story picture game . 
I petted a snake today ! I held it around my neck and let it < PROPFEMALE > on me , and it was awesome ! I heart snakes ! 
desperately needs people to send her food for her Happy Aquarium . <--- secret message encoded , people 
just realized that she made the worst mistake of her life in eigth grade . 
is tired of having the rug pulled out from under her 
just found out she doesn't have a ride to Louisville for State . Any volunteers ? 
realizes that 5th is better than last year . It still kinda sucks . 
THREEPEAT ! Go Highlands ! 
is loving exemptions 
mourns The Rev . So sad to see him go . 
is attending an organized snowball fight on Sunday ! 
Babysitting 12 hours a day = $100 . Ticket for Senior Dinner Dance = $25 . 10 people belting out \Don't Stop Believing \"= priceless . " 
What's so great about Caesar ? Hm ? Brutus is just as cute as Caesar . Brutus is just as smart as Caesar . People totally like Brutus just as much as they like Caesar . And when did it become okay for one person to be the boss of everybody , huh ? Because that's not what Rome is about . We should totally just * stab * Caesar ! 
cried while watching Bones yesterday . Don't laugh , it was sad . 
just saw the girl from 16 And Pregnant at 915 ! 
had a blast at RECA . The one fall I had was epic . 
just rocked her Senior Seminar presentation after a night with no sleep . can we say hellz yes ? 
is wondering how she's going to visit a friend's grad party on the same night as hers ... 
hates spending $35 , walking in the rain in flip-flops , and leaving after 3 hours . On the plus side , driving through the giant puddle was epic . 
was really glad she didn't have a car yesterday . 
desperately hopes that she can beat Kaitlyn-the-beast at cornhole , but doubts that it will happen . Hopefully , her partner sucks . 
' s trips to Kings Island always end in catastrophe , meaning rain and no money . 
has sooo much stuff to do before graduation party later today . 
hates that she sometimes -- accidentally -- Facebook creeps on her little brother and his girlfriend . Awkward moments abound . 
hates waiting for a certain someone to log in to Facebook just because she has nothing to do but sleep . 
is unneccessarily tired . Hello summer . 
just found out that < PROPMALE > Orne has eaten all of her Cosmic brownies . Eater , I will find you , because justice is justice , and because < PROPFEMALE > is < PROPFEMALE > . 
just found out that there's a color worse than Purple when it comes to storms . If we thought Saturday was bad ... 
hates that her father can claim the television and then fall asleep . This is why golf sucks . 
Thanks everyone for the great birthday ! 
REAL WORLD ! Still trying to decide if < PROPFIRST>'s sensitivity outweighs his looks . 
did fantastic on her French placement tests for NKU ! Even if I fail the AP , I'll still be in 3rd semester classes ! Woot ! 
failed the AP French Exam , as was expected , but passed Environmental Science and Government ! Woot ! 
FINALLY GOT HER NEW LAPTOP HOOKED UP TO THE INTERNET ! 
is watching Say Yes To The Dress : Atlanta . 
thinks that the guy from LA Ink looks just like Mr. Abdon . 
has worked since 6 AM and is done . 
is kind of sick of not having a kitchen . 
has an 8 o'clock class tomorrow , but doesn't want to sleep . ah , college ... 
Why haven't I seen ads for The Social Network on Facebook yet ? It seems almost too obvious . 
I love getting to NKU unnecissarilly early . 
Got a new phone ! Give me your < PROPFIRST > , or text me with your name . My # is still the same ! 
woke up at 7 when my alarm went off to get on the bus . Should probably remember to change phone setting from silent ... 
wants to sing Christmas songs already , and it's not even time to advertise for Halloween . 
is still creeped out by Signs . 
Test today in Anthropology , and -- Surprise ! -- \Mini Exam\ " is Sociology . At 8 . AM ... " 
some guy on the bus just sneezed on the back of my head three times in a row . 
is watching Fargo for Cinema class . Can't wait until the end of the semester for A Christmas Story . Why do all \good\ " movies involve death ? " 
loves bumping into people at Kroger . 
not what didn't she do , but whom . 
The Larosa Code : 347-1111 ----> 3+4 = 7 , 4+7 = 11 , 7+11 = 18 , I'm 18 , which means I should totally buy pizza ! 
really , really , REALLY needs to go to class tomorrow . Need to remember never to schedule an 8 o'clock class . 
is going to Sociology ... Apparently the mall is a great motivational tool for me . 
saw three things that I donated to Goodwill at The Village . I should have bought them back and completed the circle . 
don't get robbed , UC students ! Apparently using a cell phone or iPod makes you a target , so anyone younger than 10000 years old should be wary . 
is not looking forward to the scary movie in Cinema next week . Being utterly embarrassed in front of 25 other people is not on my To Do list . 
just spent what felt like 2 hours looking for my phone . Thought i left it in the SU or on the bus , so i went through my purse , backpack , and all my pockets . Finally , I gave up and decided to call it , only to realize it was in my pocket when i took a nap . Naturally , it was on my mattress . 
think i just failed the second mini exam . Wth is social stratification ? 
i hate making plans around someone who never shows . 
likes playing the parking game . Just because I cut through the parking lot , doesn't mean you should follow me in your car . Guess what ? I didn't park here ! 
it is so cold in my house , it isn't even funny . 
my prof didn't show at our appointment , so I headed to the SU to chill for a couple hours before classes . Found BJ napping on one of the couches . 
FearFest on AMC . I'm officially not going to sleep until next Monday night . 
almost threw my computer , I got so angry about elections . Should probably not watch FOX for a while . 
hopefully going to the Zombie Walk afterparty . Any other takers ? 
I'm CEO , B@*#$ ! 
I find it disturbing that FB now boils down an entire friendship to one < PROPFEMALE > of comments . It's slightly sad . 
So how did Kentucky elect Republican Senators on the basis of fiscal responsibility , when the Representatives we elected , who will have more control over spending , are Democrats ? 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Moseley ! Woot ! 
You aren't < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model just because that's the only position you can be in without being crushed . -- < PROPFEMALE > Handler 
\My day was so hispanic ! \ " Like this if you think it is racist . " 
got her license , insurance , and a full tank of gas . Who should I visit tonight ? 
just got back from an epic journey across NKent . and Ohio with < PROPFEMALE > . Apparently we shouldn't talk and look for exits at the same time . 
Change\ 
your profile picture to one of a cartoon from your childhood and invite\ 
your friends to do the same . Purpose of the game ? To not see any human \ 
faces on Facebook until Monday - only an invasion of memories . FOR THE \ 
FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE - COPY AND PASTE ON YOUR WALL . 
I think I'm unnaturally attracted to gay men . I seem to either have a bad track record , or my Gaydar is waaaay off . 
Just remembered that a two < PROPFEMALE > + paper is due tomorrow before my Anthro exam at 10:10 AM , so why the HELL am I still on Facebook ?! 
About to take my final exam of the semester ! It's Sociology . But , since I skipped most of those classes ... anyone know anything about Sociology ? 
from the grades listed on BlackBoard , I think I've passed everything ! Still waiting on exams though , so we'll see . :D 
Cut and died my hair ! I definately needed it , though the chick nearly pulled all my hair out . >:( 
Changed my timetable to work in Intro to Education ! Woot ! 
Next up , my musicology prof will teach me what a note is . Can we say \nap time ? \"" 
First hardcore lecture hall of college . I finally understand why unis brag about small class sizes : 90% of the people here , including me , have their laptops open to FB . 
had a great night in with < PROPFEMALE > yesterday ! 
Anybody know where < PROPFIRST > Slaughter goes to college ? I think I just saw him at NKU . 
Got Firefox . You can stop nagging now , BJ . 
At this point , i don't know if i've missed the bus or if it's just late . 
