is reminding herself that it is not about quantity rather quality . :) 

is looking forward to Wedding Gown looking later today ! :) 
had fun looking and trying on wedding dresses today ! :) 
1 year till the wedding ! 
will be moving to St. < PROPFIRST > in 32 days ! 
wants to know who will be in CS for July 3rd . 
had a wonderful night with < PROPFEMALE > and is very excited about Crispy and < PROPFIRST>'s Wedding tomorrow ! 
is SOOO excited for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s Wedding today !! :) 
18 days till I see < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
thinks you should keep < PROPFIRST > in your prayers as he takes his Qualifying Exams tomorrow from 10 a.m. till noon . 
is soooo proud of < PROPFIRST > for passing his Qualifying Exams ! :) 
has decided I will go clothes shopping , grab a girlie movie or two , and have some ice cream tonight in celebration of her birthday . 
wonders when her fiance is going to wish her a happy birthday ... 
in the words of Winchester from M*A*S*H .... \I say this in the calmest manner ... GET ME THE HELL OUTTA HERE ! \"" 
is excited that there are only 12 more days to wait till seeing < PROPFIRST > !! :D ( Seriously , it has been 7 weeks since we have seen each other ... ) 
wishes < PROPFIRST > could be here now . :( 
is becoming addicted to watching Boy Meets World episodes on Youtube . :) 
will be in CS with < PROPFIRST > NEXT Tuesday . We would love to see you ... 
is anxious . 
T-minus 7 hours till my fiance is back in Texas and 20 hours till I get to see him !!! :) 
is trying to absorb the idea that this was the last full Saturday in Texas till October at the earliest ! Moving in less than 6 days to St. < PROPFIRST > !! 
has one day till mom gets home and four till she moves to St. < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
will be on her way to St. < PROPFIRST > in just 2 days ! 
hopes she will get everything in the two cars for moving tomorrow ... 
\And I'll be by your side Wherever you fall In the dead of night Whenever you call And please don't fight These hands that are holding you My hands are holding you \"" 
is in Springfield and will be on her way shortly to St. < PROPFIRST > ! Prayers for safe travels please ... it is storming pretty much across the state . 
arrived safely and dry to St. < PROPFIRST > this early afternoon . Now , unpacking and getting used to living in Missouri . 
can anybody tell me why men now a days all seem to hold their babies like footballs ? 
is praying for the safety of all those evacuating < PROPMALE > due to the Ammonium Nitrate fire . 
thinks it is crazy how out of 43,000 people at the Astros vs . Cardinals game last night < PROPFIRST > and I not only ran into an old co-worker of mine once-but TWICE while waiting/riding the metro . 
thinks it was totally uncalled for from SOME of the Cardinals fans to tell us we suck or we lost as we are leaving the stadium . Thank you all you captains of the obvious-I had no idea with the giant scoreboard reading , announcers , or actually watching the 
finds it amusing that pools are being created based upon when < PROPFIRST > and I will have our first child after we get married . 
good music has the ability to express the wordless emotions the heart contains . 
is happy that almost all the \big\ " things of the wedding are getting in order . :) " 
prays . 
is wondering if she should start to say Howdy and Whoop more frequently ... hmmm . 
tomorrow is exactly 300 days to < PROPFIRST > and I's wedding !!! WHOOP !! :D 
wishes all her teacher friends back in Texas the best as they begin a new school year tomorrow ... especially the dozen of friends that are first year teachers ! I am praying for ya'll!! :) 
:: sighs :: ... just one of those days . 
just found out you can get Papal Blessings for weddings ! :) 
is thankful for spiritual direction with Sister Michela . :) 
WHOOP for a date night with < PROPFIRST > ! :D 
loves seeing all her Aggie friends statuses today ! BTHO New Mexico !! WH09P !! 
is so stinking proud of < PROPFIRST > getting 3rd place in his age group for the 5k this morning ! :) 
wishes she had the ability to be in more than one place today . 
is getting more and more excited about June 19th with every passing day ! :) 
thinks this week is gonna be more busy than once first imagined . 
< PROPFIRST>'s phone is completely dead and he may not be able to get a new one for a couple of days . Email him if you need to get in contact with him . 
needs to learn how to not hit the snooze button 4 times in the morning . On another note , < PROPFIRST>'s phone is working again . :) 
is praying for the Lennox family . 
< PROPFIRST > just ordered a new phone since his officially broke yesterday so till Tuesday it would be best to send him an email if you are trying to get ahold of him . 
is looking forward to marriage prep tonight ! :) 
Dear St. < PROPFIRST > , Are we really going to be in the 50's all day today ? I mean really ? I had no idea that weather like this existed before November ! Oh , and p.s. I love the leaves changing colors ! :) 
“The pain I feel now is the happiness I had before . ” -- C.S. < PROPFIRST > 
is looking extremely forward to November 20th when she will be flying back to Texas !! :) 
is thinking that there is LOTS to do for the next couple of weeks . 
thinks that you should send your prayers up to St. < PROPFIRST > for WashU's Awakening Retreat this weekend . :) 
is thinking it is very exciting that Awakening is just about 24 hours away . Pray for us ! 
T-minus 33 days till I can be back to Texas !! WHOOP ! :) 
is praying for clemency . 
is utterly excited to break out her cow suit !! :) 
says happy birthday to her baby brother < PROPFIRST > !! 
just registered for the GRE ... eeeek !! 
is praying for Aggie Awakening 87 from St. < PROPFIRST > , Missouri ! :) 
the amazing engagement pictures that Ellisha took for us are up ! :) You should see how good < PROPFIRST > looks ! ;) 
just a handful of hours plus one week till I am back in Texas to go dress shopping amongst a few other wedding things , visit dearly missed friends , celebrate my sister's 30th birthday , and Thanksgiving ! :) WHOOP ! 
is doing lots of praying . 
24 hours from now will be waiting in an airport to head back to Texas for a week ! 
is preparing for D-Day ... Dress Day . WHOOP for Wedding dress shopping ! 
has her wedding dress !!! :D 
thought it was quite splendid that her housemates in St. < PROPFIRST > ( as well as < PROPFIRST > ) called her tonight . That truly made me happy . :) 
is thankful for her AMAZING fiancee < PROPFIRST > , loving family , and compassionate friends . Have a most blessed Thanksgiving ! 
is thankful for her time in Texas with family and a handful of friends she saw while there and is looking forward to being at home longer in just 3 weeks ! :) 
is absolutely and totally excited that it is below the 200 day < PROPFIRST > till the wedding !! WHOOP !!! :D 
Happy Feast of the Immaculate < PROPFEMALE > today ! :) 
thinks you should go watch the youtube video she just posted . :) 
is praying for all students finishing up the semester . May God give you courage and the spirit of wisdom to do well ! If you need a study break ... go check out the youtube video I posted last week ! :) 
had a wonderful time ice skating , seeing Chirstmas lights and drinking hot chocolate with her lovely housemates . :) 
is having some serious discussions with God . 
is leaving for Texas in less than 22 hours . WHOOP !!! 
will be on the road soon ... St. < PROPFIRST > and the Arc < PROPFEMALE > el < PROPMALE > , Pray for our safe travels home to Texas . Can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > out with people who I miss dearly ! 
going up to College Station with < PROPFIRST > to get some things done for the wedding ... on top of finishing up C-mas shopping . I promise come Saturday , I will be actually around . 
more wedding stuff today with < PROPFIRST > ! Yay ! :) 
realized today she has been in not just one or two but FIVE malls in 2 weeks ! 
prays that God blesses her and all those she cares about in 2010 . :) 
random thought , we are taught particular clothes don't match and yet we will wear blue jeans with any color top and not think twice . Hmmm ... 
5 months till the wedding day ! :) 
wishes she and < PROPFIRST > could be at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding in Texas tomorrow . Alas , we send our prayers and love their way . :) 
is not feeling to well today . :( 
Dear Sickness that has taken over my body , You have had your fun and taken over almost a full week of my life . I would really like to not have to blow my nose every 15 minutes or continue to sound 2 octaves lower than my normal voice . So , pack up and move out . Thanks and gig ' em . 
today = crappiest day in a very long time . 
tonight I miss those amazing oak trees , the sound of senior boots on the pavement , Fish whipping out to zips , hearing WHOOP , 2-stepping , seeing those buildings built 30 years ago , walking/going up to St. < PROPFIRST>'s pretty much 6 days a week , karaoke at O'bannons and 42 at The Chicken as well as tailgates , randomness at the MANsion , all those amazing people contained in those memories , and a lot more . 
is giving all her friends a heads up she is seriously contemplating giving up Facebook and all Sweets for Lent . :) 
Happy Fat Tuesday ! I am giving up facebook for Lent this year so if you want to contact me call , text , email , or stop by to say hello sometime . :) 
WHOOP for Easter ! :) And WHOOP for 76 days till the Wedding !!! :) 
if you were wondering what happened during my Lent : 1 . I was pretty sick twice in March , 2 . Went to Texas for wedding planning and have accomplished a lot , 3 . Decided I want to run a 5k in July , 4 . Decided I am getting my masters in the fall in teaching and have enrolled in school to do so , and 5 . Spent time with my amazing fiancee and some really great friends . Life is full of joys and blessings ! :) 
enjoys a good morning stretch . Especially with roars . 
has decided the root of most problems/fights fall into two categories : 1 . We assume too much and know too little 2 . Lack of honest , open , and healthy communication . 
< PROPFIRST > finished his Pikermi ( aka Half Marathon ) in 1:49:33 ! WHOOP !!! 
wants to know where there is good spicy crawfish in STL or even maybe even an authentic Cajun cusine resturant . Just isn't spring without having some good crawfish with sides of corn on the cob and potatoes drenched in the cooking spices . 
feels this week is like watching a cheesy made for tv movie . Lots of good and thought provoking moments , but surrounded around a lot of not great elements . 
is excited that she and < PROPFIRST > will be going to Disneyworld for their Honeymoon ! :D 
had a wonderful end to a fantastic week ! :) Thank you to all who made the week so incredibly blessed and joyful ! 
feels like it is gonna be a busy next few weeks ... 
is thankful for all the wonderful people God has placed in her life . :) 
and < PROPFIRST > Bundy will be getting married in a month from today !!! WHOOP !!! :) 
has a lot going on right now : moving into < PROPFIRST>'s apartment , last day of my internship tomorrow , continuing to say goodbye to friends , going back to Texas next week , and is getting ready for the wedding in just 3 weeks !!! WHOOP !!! 
asks you to pray for 2 special intentions . Thank you ! 
has another fun day of getting everything ready and prepared for the wedding . :) ( Just 11 days !! WHOOP !! ) 
for whatever its worth , I hope the Big 12 stays some how together . I really don't like the ideas thrown around about going to the Pac 10 , Big 10 , or SEC . None of them are really the best option . Either way , I gotta feeling all our conference games for the next two years are going to be tense with Colorado and Nebraska . ( And yes ... we are exactly a week away from the wedding ! ) 
is getting so excited for all the family coming down , friends coming into town , and most especially getting married to the most amazing and loving man God could have ever blessed me with !! 5 days !!! :) 
63 hours until the wedding !!! WHOOP !!! :) 
is soooo blessed . :) 
has posted pictures from the honeymoon ! :) 
had a wonderful birthday breakfast from her husband ! :) 
says thank you for all the birthday wishes ! :) 
is anybody else as happy and excited that Boy Meets World is on ABC Family again ?! 
wants to know where a good place is for her to get her haircut in St. < PROPFIRST > . Know any ? 
and < PROPFIRST > Bundy are celebrating their one month anniversary of Holy Matrimony today ! :) 
may not be a doctor , but the only way to heal the wounds and pains of the world is more spiritual exercise in prayer . 
finally got a haircut ! :) 
thinks as stressed as we are in our lives , there must be a concious decision to choose joy . By doing so and recongizing that this is an opportunity we will be able to see our faith and hope come alive in our world . But gosh darn it , it ain't easy ! 
please say some extra prayers for me tomorrow ! It will be my first day as an ABA Para and I am a bit nervous . Thank you ! :) 
had a pretty good first 3 days of working with the kiddos . Top highlights of the past days : getting the < PROPMALE > name \Emily Elizabeth\ " from one of the kids and learning how each child likes to play and doing so with them . :) " 
has one crazy week ahead ! Please send your prayers this afternoon/evening as I meet with one of the advisors to add/drop courses and hopefully change my program layout . Oh , did I mention too that today is the first day of my school too ? Eeek ! 
says a very happy and blessed birthday to my husband ! :) I love you < PROPFIRST > Bundy !! :) 
is excited to go see Rascal Flatts tomorrow night ! :) 
\Stickers are like diseases ... you don't ask for them you just get ' em\ " ( quote of the night from class ) " 
\Just remember to cook and then chill ... like Jell-o . \ " I am really enjoying my Tuesday night class ! :) " 
thinks it is entertaining that since getting married I actually enjoy watching College Football games that are not the Aggies , Sports Center in the morning when I am home , and other sports that normally I would have changed the channel on . 
five different chapters to read , four papers , a test , a presentation , and optional extra credit assignment to do this weekend . And , I will dominate it all ! :: makes intimidating face :: 
is very grateful and thankful that she has tomorrow off ! WHOOP !! :) 
is very proud of < PROPFIRST > running his second ever half marathon in 1:37:48 ! :) 
< PROPFIRST > thinks I need to have a motivational/inspirational movie watching marathon . Post your ideas as to what we could watch . :) 
\If you want to know what a man's like 
is very thankful to have the next 5 days off ! WHOOP ! :) 
\You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation . \ " -- Plato " 
is thankful that she has an amazing husband , finished the first semester of grad school successfully , and has only 6 more days with the kids before heading back down to Texas ! 
enjoyed her couple of weeks down in Texas relaxing while seeing lots of family and several friends . Now , I am enjoying my last day of vacation before going back to work tomorrow . :) 
is looking forward to watching the Aggies b.t.h.o. LSU tonight ! :) 
so tonight in my class on how to teach elementary/middle school math our teacher asked us to draw a picture of a mathematician . While everyone else < PROPFIRST > a picture of a guy with crazy hair , high water pants , pocket protectors and a chalk board with equations I < PROPFIRST > a picture of my husband working in his lab . :) 
wishes there were an extra few hours in the day to get everything done ! 
thinks the former intern talent show act is going to be legen .... wait for it .... dary ! Very excited ! :) 
reading about people celebrating Go Texan Day , hearing friends and family going to the < PROPMALE > Rodeo , and listening to my < PROPFIRST > Green Pandora station really makes me want to eat some fried Oreos and cookie dough , go two-steppin ' and be down in the Lonestar state where it is a nice 73 degrees ! Good thing we will be down in the Lonestar state in just a couple of weeks even if it is just briefly ! :) 
has ONLY 8 more days till going to Texas , 36 more school days till our \Spring Weekend\ " and 60 more school days till summer . :: sighs :: " 
of course I would have a flat tire after one long and difficult week ... 
is looking forward to the warmer weather , seeing some of the family , having a day off of work , and seeing < PROPFIRST > Goodwin get married this weekend ! WHOOP ! :) 
\Who feels tired and under-qualified\ 
is now on the hunt for a french horn ! I miss playing ! If you know of someone who has one or where I can find one let me know . Ideally , I would like a used Conn 8D Double Horn , silver/nickel blend , and with minimal damage . :) 
< PROPFIRST > your calendars friends for this Saturday for the 5th Annual CSC Talent Show at 7:30 pm ! It supports the Grad Student/Young Adult Retreat and Service Trips that the CSC hosts . Plus , you get to see me and a couple of my fellow former interns perform a pretty uh-mazing act that you won't want to miss ! :) 
is truly grateful and thankful for this amazing weekend of April fooling fun , a fantastic Talent Show with our performance winning 1st place , time with some good friends , sitting on the back porch with my husband enjoying the warm weather and grilling , and the A&M Women's basketball team going to the National Championship ! WHOOP ! 
is very proud of her husband finishing his first ever marathon ! I love you < PROPFIRST > Bundy ! :) 
29 more school days this year ! WHOOP ! :) 
invites you to pray with her for all those who were affected by the severe tornadoes in St. < PROPFIRST > last night . Also , pray for all those whose travel plans have had to change due to our airport being closed until further notice . 
thinks that she is definitely her mother's daughter ! I baked Hungarian Kalacs yesterday for the first time ( walnut and poppyseed ) , made vanilla slices that looked like dyed Easter eggs , will be baking bird nest cookies tonight , and is hoping to persuade < PROPFIRST > into helping me make dark chocolate pastel M&M cookies . 
okay ladies and gents , just about a month and a half till < PROPFIRST > and I celebrate our one year wedding anniversary together , 17 more days of work with the kids , and 3 more classes in my program this semester ! WHOOP ! :) 
is happy to say that there are 09 days left of school ! :) WHOOP ! 
Pet Please : finding inspiration from others who are making the world a better place in tackling a big problem one step at a time . 
just in case you need me ( or want to laugh at me ) ... I'm sitting in the closet waiting for the sirens to stop and the very severe weather to go away ! 
is a survivor of the 2010 - 2011 school year ! WHOOP !!! 
is enjoying just a couple more days of summer and it is back to work with the kids for summer school and starting summer classes . 
has decided from conversations this weekend with friends that a road trip should happen where we visit where all our families are currently living . How much fun would that be ?! It would be a very lengthy trip , but still very fun ! 
is excited about < PROPFIRST > Bundy and I's one year wedding anniversary this weekend ! :D 
has 2 more classes for my first summer school class , 3 more days with the kids , 5 more days till < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are here , and 6 more days till my birthday ! Lots to look forward to , be excited about , and especially thankful for ! :) 
let summer and my birthday weekend commence ! WHOOP ! :) 
had a wonderful birthday weekend ! Thank you to all those who helped make it so ! :) 
is sending my love and prayers down to Texas for < PROPFEMALE > Reher and < PROPFIRST > Jones as they enter into the beautiful Sacrament of Marriage today ! 
wants to know who of her friends has a video camera or flip camera she could borrow for an extended period of time for a special project . I will pay you in sweets for your generosity and help ! :) 
is it just me or is July flying by !? 
2 weeks from now we will be on the road to Texas ! WHOOP ! :) 
prays for all those having interviews or exams , those traveling , couples preparing for marriage or are recently married , those with health issues , and those in need of God's love and peace . 
have children's books lying around your house that I could borrow for my class ? Check out my note and let me know ! :) 
Note to self , always check the details of the type of book when purchasing online . In other news , tell me who has used the international version of books before in class ? 
Happy Happy birthday to my wonderful husband < PROPFIRST > Bundy today ! I love you ! 
is praying for all her family and friends in the pathway of the hurricane . 
is preparing the \Bundy Bread and Breakfast\ " suite for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > as they drive in from NY away from hurricane < PROPFEMALE > . Still praying for all you on the east coast ! " 
Sometimes in my ' old ' age I forget just how ' young ' I am . 
I am so excited , grateful , and thankful for a FOUR day weekend ! :) 
Praying for the safety of the firefighters down in Texas fighting the wild fires and that God would bless them with much needed rain soon ! 
In a world where there are millions faced with devastating natural disasters world wide , thousands who go hungry every night , many concerned about how they are going to pay the bills , and those who are living in unsafe conditions we need more prayer . In addition , let us be kind and uplifting to those around us because you do not know what they may be going through . Thanks and gig ' em . 
I am excited about the multitude of recipe ideas for this fall even if they are primarily desserts ! ;) 
I am on the hunt for a cow < PROPFEMALE > to help cheer on < PROPFIRST > and others running in the marathon in just a couple of weeks . Know where one can be purchased at a reasonable price ? 
Food for thought : Does the availability of technology seem to make the human race more or less cruel to one another ? 
three day weekend . WHOOP ! :) 
Let us pray for all those who are struggling with difficult circumstances . God's peace be with you dear friends and family . 
23 school days till Thanksgiving Break and only 41 school days till Christmas break ... 
I'm a wee bit sleepy still but mostly excited to see < PROPFIRST>'s second marathon and < PROPFIRST>'s first half marathon ! WHOOP ! 
2 more days of work this week , 18 more school days till Thanksgiving break , and only 36 more school days until Christmas vacation . 
I am really missing family and friends down in Texas tonight . I wish < PROPFIRST > and I could be down there to celebrate my baby brother's 18th birthday tomorrow . :( 
WHOOP for a 3 day weekend ! Lots to do though ... 
26 hours in counting ... 
Never forget 11.18.1999 ... 
