Getting excited for my UOP commencement ceremony this Friday 

Just to clarify , Ive been attending the University of Phoenix for the past 30 MONTHS and this friday is the commencement ceremony . That means im done . done done done done done !!!!! Yeah ! 
Thank You Everyone !! 
I need a job ! 
Men suck . 
Sick of shopping ! One more gift and im done ! 
Here's to remembering the good times from 2010 , but leaving behind all the sadness , FRUSTRATION and disappointments ! Adios 2010 ! Dont let the door hit you in the butt on the way out ! There are better things to come in 2011 !! 
ok , ummmm ... it's SNOW-ing . 
Valentines Shmalentines ! 
I had a GREAT B-day today !!! Thank You to everyone who wished me happy birthday !!! 
Just returned from the second annual CNVBC ( < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > s Vegas Birthday Celebration ) . We had an awesome time ! Vegas rocks ! And so does my best friend < PROPFEMALE > ; who is NOT my lesbian lover ... SERIOUSLY ! 
R.I.P. Ringo !! We love you ! 
OMG my allergies are going CRAZY ! 
I felt the earthquake today ! 
I have a cold . I dont feel good and I'm having a pitty party . No one's invited . 
OMG my cell phone just stopped working ! I feel lost and sort of out of controll !! How did we ever manage without cell phones ??!!!! 
Today feels like Monday 
couldnt sleep at ALL last nite . I kept hearing noises and thinking someone was breaking into my house ! :( 
YAY !!! I finished my taxes !!!! Nothin like waiting till the last minute ! 
I LOST my phone now ! 
found it !! 
No regrets ... just lessons learned ! 
Boys are like a box of chocolates ; you have to get through the bad ones to find the GREAT ones :) 
< PROPFEMALE > every moment you have with the ones you love , because , in a new york minute ... everything can change 
Duct tape + kids = silence ... I'm joking , they're locked in the shed . 
People will forget what you said , and what you did , but they will never forget how you made them feel ! 
says that since chocolate comes from beans , chocolate is technically a vegetable and therefore is healthy for you since vegetables are very healthy 
I am SO not enjoying this census job today ! The WIND !!! 
woke up COVERED in hives end itching like CRAZY !! I think its from the dryer sheets I just bought . 
feels like an ITCHY piece of crap under a pile of crap , on top of an itchy , crappy heap of a bunch of other crap , on itchy crap hill ! LOL 
Tough girls come from New York , Sweet girls they're from Alabama , but us Iowa girls , we have fire and ice in our blood . We can ride horses , drive tractors , throw left hooks , and drink with the boys , all the while making sweet tea darlin . And if we have an opinion , YOU KNOW YOU'RE GONNA HEAR IT ! Copy and paste if you're ... ... a true Iowa girl !!! Iowa Girls Do It Better !! Yes ... I am from Iowa !! 
Damn you P.M.S. ! 
sometimes life's hardest lesson to learn is which bridge to cross and which bridge to burn 
I got a job ! I got a job ! I got a job ! I got a job ! Yaaaaayyyyy !!!!! Oh yaaya , I got a j o-o b ! Oh yaaya , I got a j o-o b ! -- California Institute of Behavioral Analysis , behavior therapist !!!!! I am so happy !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My house is not dirty . I just have everything on display ..... like a museum ! 
Dear Lord , I've been very good today , no grumpy thoughts , no swearing and I haven't been mean at all , but I'm about to get up now and I may need your help :-) 
I just spent like half an hour trying to ISOLATE and PLUCK grey hairs from my head . I wanted to get every one of those evil bastards ! I finally gave up because my back was sore from leaning over the sink so I could get close to the mirror . 
What I want most for my sons is that they are free to be true to themselves , to express their own view without hesitation , and to never give up their dreams 
Trust your hopes , not your fears . 
Some days I would eat nothing but SUGAR all day long if I let myself ! 
Sometimes I think to myself , I'll just < PROPMALE > it all and become a supermodel ! Then I laugh real hard and go back to sorting socks . 
Im in love :) 
So sad to hear about < PROPFEMALE > Shephard's passing today . She was such a wonderful teacher and amazing person . She will be lovingly remembered by many ! 
Tonight I ate a whole jar of pickles AND drank the juice !? 
cant sleep ! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for their stupidity and incompetence , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did , will you ? 
eventually you realize that some things are just not meant to be no matter how much you want it . 
is going to have a nervous breakdown - I've earned it , I deserve it and N O-O NE IS GOING TO STOP ME !!! 
... I know somewhere in the bible it says you can slap stupid people . 
Through out life u will find people who are selfish , hateful , and inconsiderate . ( mostly men ) U can't change people but u can change how much they are a part of your life . 
They say you learn the most from the toughest times in life ......... who's idea was THAT ? LOL 
I got a new phone and I switched from at&t to metro pcs . Im not getting any text messages ! 
OK gang , you know the rules , no humping , no licking , no sniffing hineys . 
Trying to have a phone conversation with someone who has young kids , is like talking to someone with tourettes ! 
It's 8:00 at night . The sun is down . All the windows are open , and it's still 94 degrees in my house ! 
You know you MIGHT be a redneck when ... your 7 year old tries to convince you he needs an air soft gun for PROTECTION from all the bad guys that live in your trailer park . 
Got my air to work ! YAY ! Its 105 degrees outside ! 
Woke up this morning with a HUGE smile on my face ... damn kids and those Sharpie Markers !! 
For 18 years , I thought I was guiding and preparing my son to go out into the world . Suddenly , the time has come , and I realize , it was HIM who was teaching ME all along ! And I am the one who is not prepared to let him go . As parents , we think we are here to teach our children about life . Turns out , it’s the other way around . I love you < PROPMALE > . Thank You for being my son and for putting up with me for all these years ! 
Brrrr ! It so cold the teenagers in the trailer park are pullin up their pants ! 
Before you give someone advice , walk a mile in their shoes . That way if they don't like what you have to say , they'll be a mile away ... and barefoot ! 
Woke up with itchy hives from head to toe ... AGAIN ! I look like will smith in the movie Hitch , where his face and ear swell up all huge ! ... it's not funny ! 
Some things are worth waiting for 
Everything happens for a reason right ? Well I just figured out what the reason is . To piss me off ! 
has run for cover , dealt with hostage negotiations , been followed , spied on , extorted and threatened ... Green Beret ? Navy Seal ? Nope ... mother of a teenager ! 
i cant tell ya what it really is , i can only tell ya what it feels like , n right now its a steele knife in my windpipe 
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others . And if you can't help them , at least don't hurt them . \ 
- Tenzin Gyatso , the 14th Dalai Lama 
NEXT time baby I'll be-ee bullet proof !!!!!! 
I had a feeling that someone was following me around all day , then I figured out that it was just my butt ! 
Women are equipped with a super power and it is called Intuition . Never doubt it and always trust it . Men , be afraid , be very afraid ! 
The air smelled sooo good this morning ! I love it when it rains ! I even heard thunder ! 
In the long run , the truth ALWAYS hurts less than a lie . 
Men will play a certain role in our lives , but it's other women who are always there for us . Women HAVE to be there for each other . We have to have each others backs . We all need to get over our pety jealousies and learn to see each other as sisters who are in this fight together . Its the only way we'll survive . 
is Single , and has decided due to the weather change that it's time to have a boyfriend to keep me warm ... oh no wait I found my electric blanket - Never mind ! 
Im so sick : ( 
I feel so sick that i put on clean underwear JUST IN CASE i have to be transported by abulance in the middle of the night . ... or I CROAK . Either way i thought it was a good idea . 
Love is always bestowed as a gift ; freely , willingly , and without expectation . We don’t love to be loved , we love to love . 
Well this is going downhill faster than a wagon full of fat kids ... :( 
A conversation I had with my 7 year old son today :\ 
< PROPFIRST > \we need a new house\ 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Dont forget to wear your elastic waistband ! ( Maternity pants work too . ) 
These crowds are making it impossible for me to get my shop on ! 
What is up with this weather ? Its 20 degrees out ! I didnt move to southern California so I could freeze my butt off ! 
What do a tornado and a redneck divorce have in common ? Either way someone is losing a trailer . 
brrrrrrr , it's nipple-shun ! 
The happiest people do not necessarily have the best things . They simply APPRECIATE the things they have . - < PROPMALE > Buffet 
CHANGE YOUR FACEBOOK PROFILE PICTURE TO A CARTOON CHARACTER FROM YOUR CHILDHOOD . THE GOAL IS NOT TO SEE ANY HUMAN FACE TIL MONDAY ! HONOR & JOIN IN THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE . COPY/PASTE - TO YOUR STATUS- TO INVITE YOUR FRIENDS , TO DO THE SAME 
is trying to get into the Christmas \spirit\ " and can't get the darn bottle open .. geezzzzz ! " 
I never thought I'd hear myself say this but , Im sick of shopping ! 
If you do it , own it . If you're scared of it , face it . If you say it , back it up . If you want it , go get it . 
To my friends that I am honored to have in my life . May the season warm your soul , bring love to your heart and bless you with everything this life has to offer . 
Yesterday Zak posted ( or I assumed HE posted ) on FB that he was going to pierce his nipples . After I read the comment I texted him :\ 
ME : Im not going to freak out on you Zak . You are old enough to make your own decisions . \ 
ZAK : What are you talking about ? \ 
ME : the nipple piercing\ 
ZAK : lol , what ? \ 
ME : Did you post on fb that you are going to get your nipples pierced ? \ 
ZAK : LOL , NO ! Thats kinda funny though , hahaha ! 
Zak is Back :) ... and his nipples remain intact ! LoL 
I love PINK by Victorias Secret ! 
Christmas time is both wonderfull and EXHAUSTING !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !! ........ NOW ... bring me some figgy pudding ... heehee 
I stil have to go to Wal-Mart to get food for tomorrow . :( If im not back in two hours , send help ! ;) * 
' Love is what's in the room with you at Christmas if you stop opening presents and listen . ' < PROPFIRST > - age 7 
I dont think Ive ever had a better christmas .... i need a tissue ... lol . There is no better present than having all my kids home with me on christmas morning . My heart is FULL of gratitude for the wonderful children god gave me . 
Just when I start thinking my life's in the dumpster , God sends me a beautiful Christmas to remind me what is important and how blessed I truely am ! 
There's a cooold wind a'blowin!;)* 
' s New Years Resolution for 2010 is to not date with out a complete back ground check and psychological evaluation . 
I think the snow is a sign of a fresh start to 2011 ! 
IN THE END , when EVERYTHING ELSE FAILS ... and it will , ( prosperity , pride , youth ... life . ) When we have nothing else to give ... LOVE REMAINS . < PROPFEMALE > endureth forever . It never fails . 
Is anyone else annoyed by < PROPFEMALE > Michaels ? 
CUPCAKES ... how can something so good be so wrong ? 
Some lessons can't be taught - they must be LIVED 
Ay , what happend to the WARM ? 
something very terrible has happend to my computer and i want it to go away :( I think I might have to get a new one now . 
why computer ?... why ? 
is tired and ready for bed .. wait , i just woke up ..... CRAP ! 
Aaaaaaand , another one bites the dust :( 
Men always whine about women suffocating them . I think if you can still hear them whining , you're not pressing down on the pillow hard enough 
im not ok 
