Just beat Epic < PROPFIRST > . That was a really fun game ! Now to beat it again , this time with all the side quests completed . 

Gah ~ I love this song . But since I was reading a story when I first heard it , certain lyrics keep making me see certain scenes . I keep zoning out . Makes writing difficult . 
< PROPMALE > Darko is a seriously freaked up movie . I think Mr. Poole would have fun analyzing it . Some mass conspirity cult thing . 
I want chocolate ! 
Happy Easter ! 
I'm working on coloring this Coraline picture I < PROPFIRST > a few months ago on my < PROPMALE > Pad . Holy crap , it's difficult ! Fun , just hard ! 
Good night , everybody ! 
You can't win , child , We've all tried to , You've been lied to , It's already inside you , Either you run right now or you best get ready to die , I said ' move ' , Move ! ~ :) Can't get the song outta my head ! 
I love the TV series : Fringe . Gosh , it's amazing . I've got to catch up on the last few episodes I missed . I've got an entire night to do so , too ! :) Yay Saturdays ! 
Today is the anniversary of the Loch Ness Monster legend ! ( Well , the first media craze , anyways . ) Let's celebrate ! 
It's kinda creepy when people leer over my shoulder when I start to draw . I get it , really I do , but that doesn't make it any less unnerving . I post all that's worth seeing in my albums anyways ! 
I love the < PROPFIRST > Witch Project ! Great movie ! 
Great < PROPFEMALE > was so much fun ! 
I'm so excited ! My birthday's tomorrow ! 
is obsessing hysterically over the season finale of Fringe , and is now about to start a < PROPFEMALE > Trek : TOS marathon . 
Three words : < PROPFEMALE > Trek Scores . :) Band was AWESOME today ! 
I get to make some homemade starwberry ice cream . :) Yum ! 
Headaches suck ! I was so out of it today . >.< 
Just got back from Nebraska ! 
The wedding was beautiful . I'm so happy for them ! 
Okay , it's official , I'm addicted to Toy Story 3 . This is my fifth or sixth time watching it . Gosh , I just love the animation ! My favorite out of the entire trilogy ! 
Getting ready to go on a roadtrip with my dad tomorrow . I'm really excited ! 
So ready/excited for school tomorrow . :D This is gonna be awesome ! 
MOUNTAIN DEW LATE AT NIGHT IS NOT A GOOD THING . 
I just got my hands on the first season of Fringe ! 
Games here on FB are kinda lame . 
Started the Hunger Games yesterday morning , finished this morning . It's been a while since I've been so absorbed in a book . 
Killed my leg at SNAFU , but it was totally worth it . 
Quizes are lame . It's obvious what all the answers are . Hmn , I wanna be a Ravenclaw , so I'll make sure to say my favorite color is blue ! :( 
:D Oh my gosh , I think I have fallen in love . Avenue Q is now my new favorite Broadway production . 
* just looked at my clock * Hey , wasn't it one o'clock an hour ago ? :D Forgot it was daylight savings today . 
How come you can't put extended family relation ships on here ? I have more family on Facebook than just my mom . 
God , I love snow . It's so frickin ' pretty . Plus , who here is hoping for a snow day on Monday ? :D 
You have not found < PROPMALE > . 
is obsessing over a comic series . * squee ! * 
Have you ever been at a party at your own house , then realize that you're not actually a part of any of the conversations , you're just standing there ? I just had that epiphany . 
Weather is freaky . It blizzards for a while , knocks out our power , then clears up in ten minutes . Only in Reno , I guess . 
Question for you guys : Skull or head ? ( Just answer , please :D ) 
This . Movie . Is . SO . Messed . Up . 
* keeps listening to Jhonen sing * God , this is amazingly bad . :D I know that's what he intended , and he sure achieved his goal . God bless , man , you've made my Christmas a little brighter . 
I just had the most amazing idea for a story ever . It was really profound , and really REALLY interesting . And for the amount of time it took me to open Word , the inspiration was lost . Why the frick does that always happen ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! 
This game is awesome ! Epic < PROPFIRST > is officially my favorite Christmas present . :D 
Getting a new haircut tomorrow . Hope it turns out good . :D 
My hair is so short ! 
3:36 AM . I've scared myself so bad I can't fall asleep . 
Anyone have Ms Shaw for English ? 
I'm excited for our trip to San < PROPFIRST > this weekend . :D Go Wolfpack ! 
I'm hoping our hotel in San < PROPFEMALE > has WiFi , but if not , this will be my final say ' til Monday . :D Hope everyone has a good weekend ! 
I . Have . WiFi !!! 
TVTropes , I love you , but I really have to stop . Each < PROPFEMALE > leads me to a story filled with highlighted terms , which I , in turn , have to look up , and lead me to several hundred other < PROPFEMALE > s with more highlighted terms . The madness . Does . Not . End . 
Back from Frisco . That was a lot of fun ! 
Oh , Slender Man , how I love/hate you so . 
Do you think that there's a character limit on Notes at some point ? Or maybe you can just type in them indefinitely ? 
People who would be willing to be used as I deem necessary say aye ! 
Happy Birthday to the creator of Slender Man , today . < PROPFIRST > Surge , you are one evil dude . 
Facebook has finally reeled me in . D: I was doing so well there for a while . 
I'm convinced half of my friends here don't write in English . Instead , this weird language of hahas and no punctuation points . 
Gay Geico commercial FTW . :D 
Yay for inspirational showers . I now have a little more to work on for Journal . 
Spazzy singers are the best . :D 
HEY YOU . I want all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . But , I want you to lie . That's right . Just make stuff up . After you comment , copy this to your status if you want , and I will do the same . ( Taken from < PROPFEMALE > ) 
New glasses are making my eyes hurt . I wish they'd adjust quicker . 
I still don't have much of a voice , but I'm sure feeling a ton better today . Thank god . One night of puking was enough , apparently . 
It's like an episode of < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > in my kitchen . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day , everyone ! 
I'm excited . I can't wait for the musical auditions . Voice , you have to heal by then ! I'm debating between two songs . No Business Like Show Business from < PROPFEMALE > , Get Your Gun or One from A Chorus Line . What do you guys think ? 
01000010011001010110001101100001011101010111001101100101001000000110001001101001011011100110000101110010011110010010000001100011011011110110111001100110011101010111001101100101011100110010000001110000011001010110111101110000011011000110010100100001 
Wow , my weekend got booked fast . :D 
I love Jhonen Vasquez . I'm on Twitter for one reason , and that's to follow his Tweets . They're amazingly funny . In a sick , demented way , of course . 
I'm in a music slump . Anyone got any recommendations ? 
Who else is hoping for that snow day tomorrow ? 
Has anyone else noticed that Toad is dressed the same as Aladdin ? 
Sweet ! Hey , anyone have < PROPFIRST > Kart Wii that would like to race me ? I'd love for some new players ! 
This movie is so old . :D It's funny what comes on at 3 in the morning . 
Gah ~ ! I kinda flubbed my audition a bit . :D But yay for hitting that last note ! 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ~ ! 
Man , I love Hetalia . :D 
I have a pet peeve . Brunette vs Brunet and Blonde vs Blond . The extra E makes all the difference . E = Estrogen = WOMAN . They're not the same ! 
Jeez , I'm an idiot . I was watching Hetalia all the way to episode 42 in Japanese with English subs before I realized that , hey , I wonder if it has English dubs ? DUHR . 
The anticipation for Wednesday is killing me ! 
I love you , Human Anatomy . You ARE helping with my drawings ! :D 
I just lost the game . 
I made the musical ! This had just made my life , I swear . :D Or , at least this school year . 
Got the new phone , but have lost ALL of my contacts . There's a few I remember , but for those of you feeling generous , would you mind sending me a message with yours ? D: So many of you guys I've lost . 
I can tell I'm going to lose a lot of weight over the course of rehearsals . :) 
I almost prefer the English subs now . Dubbed is nice , but I can't understand Italy's accent when he starts talking so fast ! 
Whoot ! Just got Pokemon : White ! 
I have the strangest urge to spike my hair all of a sudden . 
Oh god , don't do this to me . D: 
I've never smoked weed , been drunk , snuck out , or skipped school . Copy & paste this as your status . Whoever likes it thinks you're lying ... 
You know you're either a geek or spend too much time on the internet when you hear My Immortal and don't think of Evanescence , but of THAT FIC . Like if you have any idea what I'm talking about . 
Why have I never noticed just how disproportionately SKINNY Disney females are ? ( Mainly older characters , i.e. < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Megara , ect ) 
Just had one of those ' Gah , I should have saved before I came here ' moments . 
I keep looking at the clock going ' crap , I need to go to bed soon ' , then I remember ' hey , it's Friday ! I don't need to wake up at 5 tomorrow!' 
Has anyone ever wondered how Nny gets his money ? I mean , he has to pay for his house , gas for his car , brain-freezies SOMEHOW . Yet he only seems to come out of his house at random intervals to kill people to use for their blood for his wall . Otherwise he just stays inside his own personal hell . I dunno , it just bugged me . But I'm probably thinking a little too much about it . 
Going to Coconut Bowl's Job Fair tomorrow . Wish me luck ! 
Reading book critiques on Amazon make me smile . Especially Sci-Fi novels . Everyone thinks they know more on the subject than the author , and if things don't turn out the way they want them to then the author fails at their research and should stop writing . And then they don't capitalize their I's , and I just have to laugh . 
What makes the critiques even better is that everyone bashes the Sci-Fi books , but then you go to Twilight , and the unadulterated fan-gushing begins . Pfffffft . 
Why are commenters on YouTube either idiots or jerks ? Most of the time both ? They think they sound so smart when they're picking on a video and \tlkig liek thsi lol \"." 
Favorite band ? The Killers . Second favorite ? Tub Ring . XD Lamest name ever , but they're amazing . 
Have you ever wanted to ' like ' it when someone ' like's something else ? :D Thanks to those who ' like ' my pictures . 
Aubri ? < PROPFIRST > ? I dunno who you are , but people keep asking if I'm related to you . Three times now it's happened . WHO ARE YOU ?! 
Anyone who knows < PROPMALE > DROWNED you have my respect and sympathy . 
I find I dream the most when I sleep in places I shouldn't . Like on my rug , in the grass , on the bus , in class . It's pretty rare that I dream lucidly while in my bed . 
I got my copy of \Squee's Wonderful Big Giant Book of Unspeakable Horrors\ " today . :D I am a happy camper . " 
