HAPPY BRAND NEW SPANKING YEAR PEOPLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 

As a well spent day brings happy sleep , so life well used brings happy death . \ 
\ 
-- < PROPMALE > Da Vinci 
Why is that things are always so FREAKING loud after you drink ? 
About time ! I got woken to what is one of the best news this entire summer . My sister gave birth to my new NEPHEW at 3 in the morning . I stayed sleep because i dont think i can hear anyone scream when i pass out but to the hospital after class is over at 7 or so .... 
Never spent so much time in facebook before and its all thanks to my 5pm lab in school 
Life is like a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > , only the lyrics are messed up ... 
Well people I am off too tropical . Taking a nap undear a tree and relaxing . You know how to reach me if you need me .... 
Every man is afraid of something . That's how you know he's in love with you ; when he is afraid of losing you . 
today was a day for the books but what day with friends amd shots of 151 is not memorable anyways today and yesturday with that crazy rave things never let down ......... 
Everybody should believe in something ; I believe I'll have another drink . 
“Live life fully while you're here . Experience everything . Take care of yourself and your friends . Have fun , be crazy , be weird . Go out and screw up ! You're going to anyway , so you might as well enjoy the process . Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes : find the cause of your problem and eliminate it . Don't try to be perfect ; just be an excellent example of being human . ” - < PROPFIRST > Robbins 
Another day I struggle \ 
To get out of bed . \ 
Another day I feel like shit \ 
My clothes are wrinkled and I don’t care ! \ 
Another day \ 
Just like the ridiculous day before ! \ 
Another day I must search \ 
For peace that’s virtually impossible to find . \ 
Another day a thousand thoughts \ 
Go racing through my mind . \ 
To act like everything’s okay .... Like it’s just another day ! 
Health - what my friends are always drinking to before they fall down . ~ Phyllis Diller 
It should be a crime being up at this time !!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > andreu 
Finally back in Miami 
Tron gets my thums UP !!!! 
Is that cold out their i see people walking around my place with layers of cloths on 
anyone els bored tonight ? 
Staying up allllll night long ! trying to get my sleep back in track for class tuesday 
Still up but i am starting to get tired 
What is their too do for the last day of non-school ? 
lolol some girls and their facebook pictures . they all lookk the same hahahahaha its only one in specific . it might be some of the alcohol talking now !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
the love once felt has been lost , to regained its touch , the requirements must be matched .. 
I am confuse with the weather ? I love it but i want to do something ! 
My head is pounding from the freaking chemicals in lab ! 
We all have our own heaven and hell . Its the actions we take to make it their that change !! :) 
The night beggings with some Bacardi , Vodka , 151 and smirnoff 
And the day of lover ends with a shining < PROPFEMALE > over us but dont let the feelings fade away , < PROPFEMALE > on the actions through out the remainder of the year till the next year , lovers(and friends ) rejoice !!! 
AAAA GOD DAM FLASH ! 
Alright I just recieve my 28mm lens ... The day is starting out good =) 
The cure to a bad day\ 
1 . Drink 2 beers ( no more no less )\ 
2 . Take a 30minute nap with your cat ( or dog or whatever ) \ 
and 3 . your good to goooo :) 
The bieber got a hair cut !!!! LOLOL 
The night looks beautiful . Only if a little rain would fall to smooth me into sleep :) 
at hooters with the guy and my pitcher . 
This hour ahead is no fun anymore it is messing with me now ! 
