I cannot wait for < PROPMALE > to come back from Africa !!! 

I got to talk to < PROPMALE > without any kids for a whole hour ... Yeah !!!! He will be home in eight days !!!! Then all of ya'll know what's gonna happen next --- yeeehaw !! 
Yeah !!!! < PROPMALE > came home yesterday !!! Hope everyone has a wonderful holiday weekend !!! 
Today , January 23rd is my 40th birthday and I would just like to say thank you to all my friends near and far for blessing me with your friendship .... it is the best present I could ever ask for ... Kisses and Hugs 
Hi everyone ... for those of you that do not know ... I have a nephew named < PROPMALE > . He is 7 yrs old and he is dying from a very rare cancer in his brain ... He was accepted to St. Judes and they did everything they could ..... He is now at home and is in the last stages ... Please pray for him to be comfortable and for his parents to find some kind of peace and to not loose eachother in the process ... Thank you in advance .. 
Today is my one year wedding anniversary ... I feel very blessed !! Thank you for all of your support---ya'll know who you are !!! Kisses and Huggs 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! You saved me and Joshy today from a long , hot , don't have any idea what to do day !! You got my car towed and fixed in a matter of hours ... you are the best !! 
I know I have dissappeared since < PROPMALE > has been home and I appreciate all of ya'lls understanding . I just wanted to hop on facebook and thank everyone who prayed for my Nephew < PROPMALE > who has been struggling with a brain tumor . God decided it was time for < PROPFEMALE > to come home last night . 
Halloween was so much fun !! The whole family dressed up this year and wouldn't you guess it ... forgot to take pics ... uggghhh !! I am glad that everyone came to celebrate .... Love you all !!!! 
I am so excited for my friend Davi ... We are celebrating her birthday today and I don't know anyone more deserving than her to have a wonderful birthday weekend !! 
Happy Birthday to you ... Happy Birthday to you ... Happy Birthday Dearest Becky ... Happy Birthday to you !!! 
I have a friend that is looking for family room furniture .... just curious if anyone I knew was wanting to get rid of any ?? Thanks ! 
Today is my little ones birthday ... He is the big three years old !!... We are celebrating tomorrow . Iam looking so forwarto it !! 
