thinks Avatar was pretty ballin ' . 

absolutely loathes his Physics class . 
got one of his Student Teaching placements for next semester ! 
begins the final push to his last Winter Break ... I can't wait for this week to be over . 
is actually excited for his jury tomorrow - I sound pretty ballin ' . 
just watched < PROPFIRST > , and is probably going to be in a rather strange humor for a few hours . 
hopes his potential other Student Teaching placement works out ... then I only need to drive ( not even ) 5 minutes to get there ! 
is working , working , working ... ugh ! 
thinks that Mári < PROPMALE>'s cookies are the greatest . 
is on a Bnat , < PROPFEMALE > Champ Puco , don't you ever forgejktsn2 . 
is taking his Physics final ... then is out of here ! 
IS DONE , and can't wait for Student Teaching next semester ! 
is home ... and yeah , already bored . 
sure as hell isn't going anywhere today ... damnit ! 
is bothered by the fact he has to wait another day before he can see < PROPFEMALE > , but knows that tomorrow he'll be out in the snow having awesome adventures and/or conquering the world . 
is celebrating Pokemon December Month Crap Shit ! 
got his other Student Teaching placement , only 5 minutes away from his apartment ! Good times . PS Dirty Wet Gin Martinis with Extra Olives = The only real Martini . 
is insanely happy - I thought I did terribly this semester , but cumulatively I'm still above a 3.5 so I'm good . Now , for Christmas shopping ... 
is in an irrationally bad mood . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , peeps . 
can't sleep ... I mean , come on now , it's Christmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! Stay tuned for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s Enchanted Christmas III ... 
just had a rather Enchanted Christmas . And by Enchanted I mean retarded if you look at the photo album I just participated in . 
is pretty sure his life belongs to his Wii for the next few days . 
is madly tearing through Brawl unlocking everything ... 
I didn't recognize you without the handcuffs . 
needs to SLEEP ! 
is heading back to school later today . Student Teaching begins Thursday ! 
is back at school ! 
Well , student teaching seminar's over . Now to spend today and tomorrow getting ready ... 
had an awesome first day of Student Teaching ! 
can definitely tell that it was Friday at his school today . Weekend ! 
BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAH HAHAHAHA VHAD F DLSHFNNNEUA SHFOUD HAKJVOUDN FYOUJG ANDOUFNG HOU YOU ! YOU ! YOU ! FJSLDNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN okay 
ouch . 
