Sooo , is anyone else in Kansas City sick of this *%$& snow ? I need snow shoes and a snow blower for this crap ! 

Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes !! 
Sooo , when health guru's say that spaghetti squash tastes like pasta , don't believe them . Man , diets suck ass . However , I can't complain about 13 pounds lost , so I'll just shut up :) 
Amazing , when your dumb dog eats rotten food , puke and blowout diarrhea follows . My little Ralphie is not the smartest < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > on the block :) 
So .... word of warning , when a client jokes about putting you in their will to take their dog , they may NOT be joking . I could inherate another dog !! It is sooo not fun to get a call from a lawyer , especially in my line of work :) 
Nate and I both just realized that our ONE year wedding anniversary is next Wednesday :) We both had completely forgotten !! 
Holy Hangover Batman ! I hope everyone had a safe and awesome night :) HAPPY NEW YEARS !! Here's to 2011- being single , seeing double and sleeping triple ( me and the 2 dogs :) 
I should probably feel guilty that my wonderful hubby is out shoveling snow by himself , however he is the one who said we would NEVER need 2 snow shovels :) 
So , it's still snowing , and I have about 4 inches in my yard already . Have I mentioned that I hate snow ? Arizona is looking awesome right about now ! 
Dear Missouri , I would like to extend my thank you for the insane amount of snow outside , keeping in mind that we are in MID MARCH and we just put out grass seed last week . Ralphie really appreciates it too , as he loves trying to play in this sh ** . PS- I hate you Missouri !!!!!!!! 
I'm giving away 5 movie tickets you can use to watch new releases on facebook ! http://bit.ly/bqYyqK 
I need a bigger sofa . Nate , myself and both dogs barely fit ! 
The circle of life sucks ... I was bestowed the honor of sending my beloved childhood pet , Zoya ( 15 yr old chihuahua ) to Rainbow Bridge ( aka heaven ) . She is one of the main reasons I went to veterinary school . We will miss you Zoya , rest in peace love . 
Where has the weekend gone ? It never seems long enough ... 
I'm like < PROPFIRST > Andretti in heels : ) 
As I reflect on last night's festivities , I realize I am no longer in my early 20's , where I can party until after midnight and still be fully functional the next day . Oh liver , how I wish you were younger :) 
Dear Lord , please let the little neighborhood boy who came around last spring asking to mow my lawn for $20 come around again ! :) I won't say no this time !! 
Taking a break from scrubbing the house . Can I just live in a box ? It would take 5 minutes to clean :) 
No one gets < PROPFEMALE > out of her boots but me ! 
STL was amazing !! I had sooo much fun , thank you Chateau < PROPFEMALE > , Personal shopper < PROPFEMALE > and Roller Coaster < PROPMALE > :) I love you guys !! 
For < PROPFEMALE > - sometimes ordinary moments are made extraordinary simply by the company you keep 
I will apologize now , I can't sleep and I'm stuck on some funny picture website !! It's too easy to hit the share button for Facebook . 
So paranormal 2- made my adrenals squirt and my feet sweat ! 
FYI- KC residents can get into the zoo for free in November :) Went with my sister's yesterday and the polar bear is very cute ! 
So , I'm off to the doctor this afternoon , clumsy me has injured my knee ( I made a sweet rhyme too ) . Hopefully just a sprain , but we'll see :( 
Sooo , cranial lateral meniscal tear ( aka jacked up knee ) . IF I baby it , it should heal w/o surgery , BUT if I don't , I will need surgery :( Walking on even surfaces is the only exercise for 3-4 weeks . Bummer ... 
I'm not gonna lie , I really want to see Tron Legacy ( it's the closet nerd in me :) 
So , I bought a new sofa that was big enough for me and the dogs to spread out on . We are currently crammed in the corner because they insist on napping on me with the other half of the sofa untouched .... Go figure . 
Me- \Shit 
So , not to brag :) but ... I just grilled my first steak , on my own and I must say , it is awesome !! Master griller in the making ! 
Sooo , brought up the Christmas tree from the basement ( yes , I left all the decorations on it ) , set up tree , leg breaks so I rigged it to stand ( yes , one false move from the dogs and it would fall ... I know ) and now I come home to find ANOTHER leg has broken ! Tree fortunately fell towards the wall . Now , off to purchase NEW tree !!! Bah Humbug 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
Birthday lunch with the sister- $30 ... shopping trip to the mall $*** ( I'll never tell ) ... indulging a 10 year olds love of shoes ... priceless ! 
I'm not gonna lie , \Mike & Molly\ " is HILARIOUS !! " 
New garbage disposal- $100 , new water filter- $40 , electrical cord hole in desk- $ ?, most awesome and handy dad- priceless !! The to do list has been tackled :) 
You've got to be f***ing kidding me . Just had the BIG 40K maintenance on the VW yesterday , today it's being towed b/c the transmission isn't working ! FML !!!!!!!!!!! At least I get a free tow and loaner , but I swear , < PROPFEMALE > Jr. will come out if they try to charge me !!! 
Yeah !! Car is back :) I missed her sooo much . Damn electronics system . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays !! 
The Notebook- brings a tear everytime ! 
I would like to thank my dad & gpa for the donut lessons , they kept me out of the ditch on 152 this morning as I was doing a 360 across the highway . I would also like to thank the big white tow truck who blocked the right < PROPFIRST > so I could put it in 1st and work myself back on the road . Contrary to my usual driving , I was only going 25mph when I changed < PROPFIRST > s :) Thank you Lord for the guardian angels !! 
Yeah !!! The drive home was far less eventful than this morning's drive to work ;) Just say no to 360's! 
Nothing like a little target practice in the morning :) I actually have time today to go shooting with my dad ! Awesome 
Dear Wii EA Sports Active 2 , I do love you , although you have kicked my chubby butt this weekend . Here's to many more sessions , once my thighs stop burning :) 
For those of you with AWD/4WD vehicles ( specifically small SUVs or crossovers ) , what type do you have and do you love it ? I'm debating trading in the Passat for a small AWD vehicle and want people's opinions !! My favorites so far are Hyundai Tucson and < PROPFEMALE > Sportage ... 
I've been working out , I can lift it ! ;) 
Awesome ... to wake up to a sore throat ( and bad headache , I don't think its a fever) !! Phooey on you cold bugs , I'll just eat an orange . 
Fever/sore throat + lots of sick pets = grumpy doctor ! Bright spot- < PROPMALE > tooth abscess taken care of by one Dr. < PROPFEMALE > T :) 
Awesome night- movie and dinner with one of my favorite people , < PROPFEMALE > ! No Strings Attached was very cute and you can never go wrong with Elephant Bar :) Weird side note , car fire on N169 and I was the first to call 911 about it ! 
What are you doing tonight ? ... \ I'm man shopping ! \"" 
