Sometimes I wonder if the future is preset , or if it is changeable . Other times I wonder when the hell the future is going to start . 

Woohoo ! Finally first full 8 hrs of sleep in the last 6 days ! Sheesh , I have to get this sleep thing under control or go to working nights .... because I don't think I'm meant to go to work on only 3 or 4 hours of sleep ! But really , what do you do when the urge to sleep doesn't come until 0700 , even with sleep aids ? 
Of course , I would be the one to get something as horrible sounding as Satanism ..... ouch ! I just want to point out that this doesn't mean I believe and/or worship satan , or that I don't believe in a higher power ( I just think it appears as what a person will accept ) , but yeah , after reading the details , I gotta say , sounds familiar . 
Yay ! I'm soooooo excited ( that I just can't hide it ! lol ) , I'm getting a new tattoo on TUESDAY !!!! It'll be a birthday present to myself ! YAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
Ugh ! My left calf is on fire !!!!! But my new tattoo is sooooo worth it ! YAY ! 
Okay , I'm bummed . There's supposed to be this picture of a scary chick on youtube where if you look at it for five minutes you see it morph into something else that's supposed to be uber scary . I look at it for 30 seconds and it just goes fuzzy ...... then snaps back unfuzzy . Sigh .... life sucks sometimes . 
It sucks watching people die . :( 
Ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh . There , now I feel a little bit better . 
Don't you hate it when you're driving and you realize you have your reading glasses on instead of the ones you use for distance ? 
Yay I watched the season premier of Supernatural ! And I saw 9 , it was good , I liked it . :) 
It's a creepy movie watching day today I think . Anybody have any suggestions ? 
Talk like a Pirate day is on the 19th ! Just so everyone knows . 
buffer buffer buffer ...... hulu takes forever to buffer ! :( 
Wow ... tv shows in the 90s were kind of cheesy ! I'm watching american gothic on hulu , and its cheezy and a bit melodramatic . It's fun to watch . 
People are strange , when you're a stranger ...... 
WooHooo ! I learned about abiogenesis and the miller-urey experiment today , during a chatroom discussion about religion . YAY ! 
Note to Self : If ever in a horror movie , make dayyyum skippy not to pass up a weapon . Any weapon I don't have becomes my opposition's . 
Leave a one-word comment you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy & paste this on your wall so others may leave a word that describes you . 
Tips for paying with change so you don't tick people off : 1 ) If a coin counting machine is available , use it ! 2 ) Know how much you have and if it will cover your purchases ( seriously , unless you are 10 and under , there is no excuse for not knowing this ) 3 ) Precount it out to the cashier in $1 or $2 dollar piles ( I've seen that a lot of cashiers have a hard time counting change , which baffles me ) 
OOOOOOH I can't wait for Halloween !!!!! As a side note , did you know that disney is puting out A Nightmare Before Christmas in 3D ? This is halloween .... 
WooHoo ! I just found out they make caffeine patches ! Like actually patches you put on that deliver caffeine ( and a bunch of other , more good for you schtuff ) transdermally !! AWESOME !!! Now I just have to find out where I can buy some . 
ugh it's five am and I'm still awake ...... sigh 
doing a name survey ... tell me what you think of these : Endellion , Zayda , < PROPFEMALE > , Draven , < PROPFEMALE > , Nyx , Lieke 
Just ran Spy-Bot and now my computer is virus and malware free ! YAY !!! 
In honor of Halloween and the fact that I'm just a curious person , please share with me any and all stories of ghosties , ghoulies , spirits , angels , werewolves , vampires , banshees , doppelgangers , or other things that to bump in the night and are beyond our current level of perception . THANX GUYS ! ( and GALS , although guys is a unisex term in my book , I don't want to offend anyone . ) 
What's the difference between live feed and news feed ? I notice not all things post to both ..... but for the life of me I can't figure out WHY !?! 
And , in honor of halloween and to celebrate curiousness , please relate any stories about ghoulies , ghosties , pixies , faeries , trolls , hobgoblins , or other things that go bump in the night . Thanx in advance :) ! 
Okay time to stick this song in everyone elses ' head : You gotta know when to hold ' em , know when to fold ' em , know when to walk away , know when to run ! 
Is puzzled of what went wrong 
New Plan : Win big in the lottery and buy winter house in southen hemisphere . 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! Here's hoping you have a happy dappy day spent daydreaming and chillin'! 
Has anybody had turducken ? 
oh sleepy time finally ! yay ! off to dreamland I goes ! 
GRRRRRRRRRR ! Ever just want to tell a coworker to stick it where the sun don't shine ?! And to my lovely facebook coworkers , I don't mean you , and no I'm not going to tell you who I do mean ! BUT GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!! IF I COULD I WOULD TELL THEM TO JUST SHOVE IT ! 
It's cold ! 
?? -??---- Put this ---??--- ?? --- On Your ---??--- ?? --- status ---??--- ?? --- ? f ??? ? n ?? ----??- ?? ---- ????? n ? -----???----- ??? ??? or ----??- ?? ---- ??? ?? d ---??--- ?? --- Cancer ? I wish for the cure of cancer . 93% won't copy and paste this ... will YOU ?? 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OR HAPPY BELATED HANUKKAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OR BLESSED BELATED WINTER SOLSITICE FESTIVAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OR HAPPY HOLIDAYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well , CC ( my < PROPFEMALE > ) ripped out his claw , but he's doing pretty good , still a little sore on his paw but it doesn't look infected or anything . I've been soaking his paw in epsom salts 2-3 times a day and a < PROPFEMALE > of tea tree oil on his paw . If he doesn't stop licking his paw , I'm going to have to get him one of those no bite collars , you know the cone ones ? 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to y ...... uor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can . 
Currently trying to savor my way through House of Leaves by < PROPFIRST > Z Danielewski , resisting the urge to skim through it . 
The fates are weird sometimes , I've been given what would seem bad news , but all I get is a vague sense of relief and ease of mind . Last night , the front half of my molar broke off , killing the pain of the cavity ravaging it . This morning , I was demoted to on-call to take place in < PROPFIRST > , and all I feel is the relief of tension and stress . The demotion is my fault by the way . 
Tee < PROPFEMALE > , I'm having fun taking facebook quizzes as my fictional characters . Way weird . 
At work the residents were watching CNN , and one of the stories was on whether or not spanking is an acceptable method of punishment . I couldn't help but notice that people that disapproved of spanking were referring to beating the stuffing out of the kid , while people that approved were referring to a light smack . Such a little distinction that changes everything . 
< PROPFEMALE > Hanks time to show the world that more of us support our troops then dont ! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them !!! COPY AND PASTE IT PEOPLE 
I had lunch with a noodle on your car because I can . 
okay my facebook friends and guinea pigs ! I have some mythological creature types to run by y'all . Adhene , Ankou , Aspidochelone , Cambion , Canaima , Centaur/Centauride , Dryad , Elemental , Fetch , Grigori 
I love my mom and dad ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms and dads for helping you be the great person you are today ...? please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > 
odays game ..... MIDDLE NAME ONLY . Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' middle names are . Copy and paste this onto your profile then put your middle name at the end of this sentence : < PROPFEMALE > 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
Oh I'm a lumber < PROPFIRST > and I'm okay , I sleep all night and I work all day ! ......... 
is such a fan girl . sigh 
\Inconceivable ! \"" 
GRRRRRR Microsoft Vista ! I just got done installing 7 updates ( having to shut of my computer ) and a cute little window pops up saying more updates are ready to be installed ! What the heck ?! 
Happy Chinese New Year ! 
It's four am , I'm bored , and debating with myself whether it's better to sleep for four hours and run the risk of oversleeping ( like 45/55 < PROPMALE > there ) or just to stay awake and mainline some caffeine . 
The color of your bra made the news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!!! This should appear in everyone's status ! Please do this for the ones that make this the Land of the Free ... 
Call me a goob , but I kind of like the new Facebook layout , better than the one it replaced anyway . 
Words - so innocent and powerless as they are , as standing in a dictionary , how potent for good and evil they become in the hands of one who knows how to combine them . ~ Nathaniel Hawthorne 
Every single one of you is on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . On your marks ... get set ... GO ... I'm paying attention :) 
Every single one of you is on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . On your marks ... get set ... GO ... I'm paying attention : 
uh oh , I think I may have a cold ... I thought it was just allergies , but now I'm all stuffy , and it feels like a cold . You know the stuffiness you get from a cold ? With the dry roof of the mouth and the stuffy feeling but nothing comes out when you blow your nose . That kind of a feeling . Time for the dayquil , I guess . 
It's not Digiorno , it's Delivery ! YUMMMMMMMMMM 
I like random compliments from strangers ! I was told I'm always nice when I go through the drive-thru :) 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY ! Thank you to all you fantastic mothers doing a great job ! 
ugh digestive troubles all day ! not a happy day for my tummy . 
There are some weird infomercials on in the morning . 
Ugh , grrrrr !, and WTH ?! Pretty much describes work today . 
GRRRR I hate my computer ! I'm trying to download a file , it's not huge only a few GB and it tells me it will take 50 hours ! 50 HOURS !!!! pfffft I need new stuff ! 
I got the job ! YAY ! :) * does her lil happy dance * Knew I'd be ok 
I'm thinking about dyeing my hair , thinking of doing dark green tips or face framing streaks , but don't know what to do for a base color . 
sniff sniff Thanx for all the birthday wishes guys and gals ! I had to work today , and so it was awesome to come home and find all the well wishes written on my wall , almost like a surprise birthday party ... kinda sorta anyway . Y'all make me feel liked and loved , and please know y'all are liked and loved in return ! 
There's a leverage marathon ! YAY ! I know I'm an oddling :) 
Hooray for labor day ! Happy Labor Day everyone ! 
I have my own forms of entertainment and I'm damm straight proud of it ! And if you don't like it , you can kiss my < PROPFEMALE > white buttocks , because I'm tired of all this bullshit of trying to fit in and be cool . 
Some interesting and odd phobias : Zelophobia : the fear of jealousy , Zemmiphobia : fear of the great mole rat , and Nelophobia : the fear of glass 
A raisin dropped in a fresh glass of soda will bounce up and down continually from the bottom of the glass to the top 
Been having the weirdest dreams lately , about high school reunions , boats , rivers , and a weird version of the lousiana bayou ( except I've never been there ) . It's seriously strange , lots of intrigue and a mystery to solve , scooby doo style . My subconscious is trying to tell me something I guess . 
Word of the Day : doldrums - plural noun[DOLE-drahmz , DOAL-drahmz ] meaning : 1 . ( a ) a state of inactivity or stagnation , especially in < PROPMALE > or business\ 
( b ) a period of depressed mood , listlessness or low spirits 2 . ( a ) a belt of calms and light winds between the northern and southern trade winds of the Atlantic and Pacific , close to the equator\ 
( b ) the weather conditions prevailing in this area 
\I shall never be ashamed of citing a bad author if the line is good . \ " Seneca ( 5 BC - 65 AD ) " 
And today's word o ' the Day : williwaw : noun [ WIL-ee-wah']\ 
1 . a violent gust of cold wind or squall blowing from a mountainous region towards the sea , especially near polar latitudes , such as the Straights of Magellan\ 
2 . any sudden gust of cold wind 
\Hollywood is a place where they'll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss and fifty cents for your soul . \ " < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ( 1926 - 1962 ) " 
Today's word : ineffable { in-EF-uh-buhl } adjective ; 1 . Incapable of being expressed in words ; unspeakable ; unutterable ; indescribable . 2 . Not to be uttered ; taboo 
Interviewing at < PROPFEMALE>'s on Tues the 19th ! Wish me luck :) 
Home early again :) But I've been productive , applied for some lovely jobs . 
Woohoo ! now have an interview at ups and have been \recommended\ " ( whatever that means ) for an administrative assitant job :) " 
There are 40,000 muscles and tendons in an elephant’s trunk . This makes it very strong and flexible , allowing an elephant to pluck a delicate flower , untie a knot , or tear a tree out of the ground ; yet the trunk is sensitive enough to smell water 3 < PROPMALE > away . 
I'm such a doof , I always get so excited when I see those little emails saying my answer was picked as the best answer on Y ! Answers . Makes me feel spesh . 
Things I learned today ( courtesy of the Syfy channel ): 1 ) never mess with the DNA of snakes . 2 ) if for some reason you must alter snake DNA , choose a non lethal species like a gardener snake , or a milksnake , not something in the cobra or anaconda family . 3 ) Never trust that whatever self destruct mechanism you put in said snake is going to work , invest instead in a handy grenade launcher or 10 . 
And todays Phobia List : Chirophobia- Fear of hands ; Geniophobia- Fear of chins ; and last but not least a big mouthful of a word Hexakosioihexekontahexaphobia- Fear of the number 666 . 
Beware the evil ThinkPoint ! It's a virus , a horrific one that hijacks your desktop and makes it so you can click on your internet browsers or anything ! It came in my last windows update disguised as a windows live update ! If you get this and it asks you to install , it is important to X out of the program ( clicking yes or no will trigger a download ) . 
Is absolutely spooked out . Just watched Paranormal Activity 2 . SCARY ! Then again , I'm easily scared .... soooo yeah , if you go out and see it and find it meh , don't blame me ! I was scared for most of the movie though , and by the end I was shaking like a leaf ! Man , they scare me nearly to tears , but I like scary movies :) 
It's cold . ' nough said 
yay , most of the way moved in to the new place :) . CC ( my cat ) is wiggin ' a little bit , crawled into the smallest space he could find hehe . But he's warming up a bit , it's been a while since he's heard dogs and so is a lil more spooked than usual ( if that's possible ) . 
NANOMo\ 
I should do something for nanomo 
Is happily working on her story for NaNoMo , a mystery surrounding a tarot reading . Should be interesting and fun to write . 
Okay uber nervous ! New job is telemarketing , trying to trick .... I mean persuade people into buying better phone/internet/tv plans . But I start training on Monday at 8am , and it's a steady good paycheck . Hopefully I'll be a good fit :D 
Note to self , find out where the bird eating spiders live and never go there ! Their legspan is like 10 inches , and they rush anything that moves ! I'm telling you , spiders are EVIL . 
Getting my laughter therapy by perusing the people of walmart . Seriously , people just go and take these photos of the crazy crap other people wear there , then add captions ! check it out - just type people of walmart into your search box ! 
Why bother flying this year ? You have to go to the airport , wear minimal , tight clothing so you don't invite a thorough pat-down , probably get patted down anyway , all under the umbrella of safety . Where does it end < PROPFEMALE > ? Sure things will be fine if it ends here , but will it end here ? 
Happy Thanksgiving :) May the good things in your life always outweigh the bad . 
am all snuggled up under my blankie zoning while I watch Pushing Daisies on Netflix :) 
It's amazing how much a difference 2 hours of sleep can make ! :D 
Tired ... very very Tired , and yet sleep remains elusive . sigh . 
Change your FB Profile Picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB ' till Monday , December 6th . Support the fight against Child Abuse by copying and pasting this as your status . 
Okay , call me stupid , but I have found NOTHING ONLINE that links the change your profile pic to a cartoon to pedophiles . I've found sites that say the game originated in EARLY NOVEMBER in GREECE , as a way to bring back childhood memories and to see how many people would do it . I've found things that state no one is taking credit for it . If you do find the link for the info on the pedos post so I can read , thanx . 
If your parents didn't have any children , chances are you won't either . 
Just bein ' a doof , laughing at mst3k and nappin before sat's 4am shift . The good news ? Next week I switch to swing shift :) 
woohoo ! unemployment approved ! 
You and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? ( Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . ) 
Is home safe , sound , and more than a lil tipsy 
