Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . Had a good day besides working . Will hopefully go to Boston tomorrow . 

lets go < PROPMALE > 
wooo hooo < PROPMALE > continues to be undefeated 
sorry to say my new englander's but I have to go for my Broncos today .... 
just seen the new Twilight New < PROPFEMALE > movie .... OMG it is awesome ... Love it .. can't wait for the third one , am going to have to buy the books and read them now 
Happy Turkey day everyone . Try not to stuff yourself to much 
my o my is it ever so < PROPFEMALE > outside ... gusts up to 60 mph and suppose to be 63 degrees out today and hoping this rain will go away . 
a week from today my brother will be here and than next saturday , off to the < PROPFEMALE > state of florida for good ... I can't wait .. 
I hope everyone has a VERY < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS with your families and safe and happy traveling 
Happy New Year everyone . Have a safe and fantastic time . Don't drink and drive . 
yellow with white flowers 
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WONT copy and paste this will you ?? ( KEEP BELIEVING ! LOVE YOU GRANDMA ! ) 
it's time to show the world that THE MAJORITY of us support our troops ! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them !!! 
RIP Grandma Week 
watching the hope for haiti telethon 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day everyone . I hope everyone has a safe and wonderful with day with their < PROPFIRST > . 
tomorrow is a 14 hour work shift , come home , go to bed , and get back up to do a 12 hour shift .... uggghhh ... is it sunday yet ??? 
hanging out in Fort < PROPMALE > today . 
Had a long , but nice day out at the base today . Brother graduates/survived basic training - tomorrow . Way to go < PROPFIRST > . 
Happy Easter . Hope everyone has a great day and that the easter < PROPFEMALE > brought you something good . 
In memory of a 19 yr . old < PROPFEMALE > buried today , and countless others who have given this country their lives !! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this ...... in memory of all fallen soldiers 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!! woooo hoooo 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s no ? ??? ' s ?? s sI ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? no ? ? I ,,,, ??? u ? ? u ?????? p ? ? o ?? p ?? o ? ??? ?? ? oo ? ? ? u ???? s ? 
long , but wonderful weekend . Love hanging out with friends and family . 
excited that I will be off work in time tomorrow to watch < PROPMALE > and boston nba playoff game 
watching the Cavs game tonight and than going on a 7 mile hike tomorrow 
7 mile hike today ..... going to feel so good to clear my head 
is hoping that < PROPMALE > plays better tonight than they did the other night ... that was just horrible . 
ok what the heck happened to the cavs here ????? 
CAN NOT WAIT TO GO TO BASIC TRAINING !!!!!!! 
after a really long , exhausting day .... I can offically say that I belong to the Armed Forces and I feel very honored to be 
I think I have the most wierdest dog , she loves popsicles 
going to be a crazy summer .... NOAH is predicting 33 named storms with 7 of them being < PROPMALE > 3 + hurricanes 
Hope everyone has a safe and wonderul holiday weekend . Don't forget to honor our fallen soldiers . 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world missing their family , while you're at home caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives but sacrificing their own for your freedom . It's Military appreciation week .... Re-post this if you are in the Military , love a Military member , hold memories of a Fallen Hero , or appreciate the Military ! 
off for the rest of the weekend ..... can't wait .... going to be fun 
is thinking that even though it is really hot outside , i still might go for a hike , but the swimming pool won't be far behind 
is wishing for one big , gigantic bubble i can crawl in where no one else can enter 
lets go celtics .... bring it home tonight 
the celtics need to regroup during half time .... my goodness 
lets see if Boston can bring it home tonight . To bad I have to work until 11 but I will be finding a tv to watch some of the game ..... 
boooo hoooo to the Lakers . 
Happy Father's day . 
going to go see Twilight ( Eclipse ) tuesday night .... hehehehehehehe 
off to work .... oh what joy .... next day off isn't until tuesday :( 
Happy 4th of July everyone . I hope everyone has a fun and safe weekend . God bless < PROPFEMALE > . 
the weekend can not get here soon enough ... 
mom , mom , mommy , < PROPFEMALE > , mom , mom , mommy , < PROPFEMALE > ...... WHAT !!! .... hi 
Had sushi for the very first today for lunch .... have to say ... it is pretty good 
I'm extremely happy . 
Is seeing the best lightening storm .... love it !!! 
think that I am going to skip out on the school work for the rest of the day and go home and stick a movie in and relax and wait for < PROPFIRST > to come home . 
am so excited to have tomorrow off . Working 8 days straight is just to much . Burnt out from this place . 
is extremely grateful for my amazing boyfriend .... thank you so much for coming to my rescue last night babe . I love you . 
If you have a wonderful man , who is perfect for you , who works hard and would do\ 
anything for you , that makes you laugh , who's your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who is your world , and is someone that you're thankful for every night , then post this on your status . 
Thank you all so much for the birthday wishes . Unfortunately I get to work today but this weekend will make up for it . I can't wait . 
3 weeks from today , will be on my way to South < PROPFEMALE > . Oh how I am ready but also SO NOT ready . I'm going to miss a certain someone so much . 
TGIF !!!! 
lets go patriots , lets go ..... 
passed my PT test this morning with flying colors . Week and a half and I'm South < PROPFEMALE > bound . 
loves Sunday . Nothing better than watching football all day and spending time with the ones you love . 
going to be a sad week . Going to see if I can get rid of my car today . 
doesn't want this week to end .... 
Jackass 3D was awesome . 
Buh bye facebook for a few months . Wishing everyone Happy Holidays . 
Going home tomorrow morning . Can't wait . 
Is homeward bound in less than 5 hrs . wooo hooo 
will be home in T - 3 hours . 
Have yourself a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
Had the best christmas ever .. So happy I got to spend it with my mom , step dad , < PROPFIRST > and his parents . Couldn't of asked for anything better than that . 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!! Hope everyone has a great time tonight and stay safe . NO DRINKING AND DRIVING !!! 
Back to basic training tomorrow . my has the last two weeks flew by . but had the best two weeks ever . ready to finish up basic and move . so sad to leave my bf and mom . see you tomorrow night battles . 
Leaving for the airport later . Really not ready to leave . But only two weeks and than it won't be so bad . Going to miss you < PROPFIRST > , and I guess i will miss you also mom . :D 
Back on ft jackson .... ready to hit the bed and to be done with this place . miss you much < PROPFIRST > . love you tons . can't wait to see you . 
Graduation tomorrow ...... yahoooo .... family day today . thought it would never come . 
Graduating basic training today !!!!!!!!! 
I am an AMERICAN SOLDIER !!!! 
on my way to ft < PROPMALE > way .... in < PROPFEMALE > right now eating at the < PROPFEMALE > corral 
Sitting on the bus , watching the blind side , in tennessee and falling asleep from time to time . wished i could stay asleep . i'm tired 
Made it to ft < PROPMALE > wood . let the next ten weeks begin . 
could definately get use to breakfast here . Omlets and powered donuts ... yummy 
is bored 
Let the day begin . It is going to be a long and boring one . Everyone have a good and safe monday . 
time to go sit in a briefing all day about financial management 
is suppose to have a blizzard coming , hopefully will have a snow day so I can sleep and hopefully get rid of this sickness 
No classes today .... woo hoo .... snow day here at ft < PROPMALE > wood 
way to go green bay , so happy they won .... take that pittsburg 
have to say , doing countless pushups and situps in like 15 degree weather equals to very very cold hands and feet 
it is another lovely snow day here at ft lost in the woods ( ft < PROPMALE > wood ) . get to attend a very exciting class about cultural awareness here in a few minutes . what an exciting day . 
happy valentines day everyone . 
is so extremely happy .... met the guy of my dreams ... we are engaged ... my life is back on track and going down the right path ... what an amazing life 
just found out my unit duty station ..... ft bragg , NC 
so happy . < PROPFIRST > is coming to visit me the weekend . Can not wait . 
Happy Presidents day ; meaning another day off for me .... laying in bed all day and doing nothing . sounds wonderful . wished i could enjoy that with a certain someone . 5 more weeks . 
is so unbelievibly happy ... hope i can sleep tonight . 
if you are thinking about sneaking out and thinking that the army will not find you ...... YOU ARE WRONG !!!!! thank you class 5 
Under a tornado warning .... all huddled up on the first floor .... thank you missouri 
Hazmat test this morning .... not feeling to comfortable about it . Let's pray that I pass . 
is HAZMAT certified . what a weight lifted off my shoulders . The rest is a piece of cake from here . Only 4 weeks left . Can't wait !! 
is more than ready to get out of this place . 3 weeks can not go by soon enough . 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status 
final pt test tomorrow .... hope i can move my legs by than 
final pt test over . woo hoo 
2 more weeks and i'll be through . 
proudly to annouce that I get the pleasure of spending the next 4 days/3 nights out in the field doing exciting army training . Have a good week everyone . The shower will be calling my name by thursday evening . 
never thought i would be so happy to be back in the barracks ..... glad ftx is over 
Regimental induction ceremony today . Offically going to be inducted into the CBRN corps . So excited to go up and touch a plastic rock . 
3 more days and I am out of here . 
Is very excited for the weekend . < PROPFIRST > will be here tomorrow , get to see my dad Monday , also graduate monday , and get to meet my soon to be brother and sister in law . What a great way to start April . 
graduation tomorrow morning 
