Happy New year !!! 

Hopin to get into something tonight . Back home in Yak for the day ... Holla if ya hear me !!! 
The UW Huskies are baaack !! 
UW !!!!! 
I hate being broke !! 
How can you not want to be in your childs life ??.... Dead beat daddies you reap what sow . So don't be mad when your child begins to despise you because you weren't there when they needed you most . I'm glad I can be there for mine . Sacrifice does not go unpaid . God sees all and he doesn't like ugly . So do what you gotta do . Time doesn't cost but time lost will cost you everything . 
Much love to my single moms out there doing it . I thank God for mine !! 
Paying bills ... at least I can . Thank God !! 
Just ate enough to feed a Somalian Village and bout to fall into the usual Thanksgiving Coma . Praying God Blesses all to be with good friends and/or family !!! 
Monday after a 5 day weekend ... draggin ... 
It's too darn cold outside !! 
I am soooo tired ..... 
Happy New Year !!! 
Just wanna thank all my friends for being my friends . It's nice to know there are people out there whose lives you've touched and who have made an impact on me in one way or another as well . Through losing touch and living life we can all still stay connected with one another . Peace love and prosperity to everyone in 2010 . May God bless all you put your hands to and may you do exceedingly well in all you endeavors . 
I need insects for my zoo . Someone gift me some please !! 
IT'S TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT TROOPS THAN DON'T!!! IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR !!! AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!!!! HOOAH !!! You know I expect EACH of you to repost this one !! 
When it seems that you'll never have what you need remember GOD is good !! From the Amplified Bible it reads ... Philipians 4:19 \And my God will liberally supply ([ a]fill to the full ) your every need according to His riches in < PROPFEMALE > in Christ Jesus . \"" 
Uh Oh Jests Fans !!! 
Have a great weekend all .... 
Apparently I look like this dude ?? 
I need 6 bricks , 4 harnesses , 2 nails and 7 boards to finish my stable . Any and all help is appreciated !! 
My eardrums have fluid behind them so My hearing is diminished . It's like wearing earplugs all the time . It's really annoying ..... Huh ... Wha'd you say !?!? 
I have a wonderfull and amazing woman for a girlfriend !!! She's an awesome mother and friend !! You know when you come to that fork in the road theres is no wrong or right choice . Later it may feel like it but you learn from that choice right ? So when I came to that fork in my relationship life ... I'm glad I chose her and fell that was the last fork I'll ever come to in that respect !! I love you baby !! 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness ... 
Good Morning all .... It's gonna be a good week .... I'm out on vacation the rest of the week so I can spend some time with my daughters for Spring Break . Just bought a car that runs like a champ .. Man I tell ya God is GOOOD !! Praise the Lord !! 
Our God is a God of Hope , Forgiveness and Second Chances ... Is there a need in your life for any of these ? Take it before the Lord in humbleness and watch him work !! 
Nothing like a 7 mile bike ride to get the heart going .... Next week shootin for ten !! 
Do not let doubt control you . Doubt gives birth to fear and when you're afraid ... you run . If you do run run towards God who is there for you to strengthen you . Don't ever think that you've fallen away from God and that he doesn't want to bless you and be there for you . Nothing you can do will ever seperate you from Gods Love !! 
Good Night Seattle !!! 
God is soooo good . I love how he tells you what you need to hear right when you need to hear it !!! I love you Lord !!!! 
The first step in healing is forgiveness ... God commands it ... 70 times 70 .. Praise the Lord !!! 
This is the day that the Lord has made !! I will rejoice and be glad in it !!! 
First night back at choir practice !!! Feels sooo good to be back in the house of the Lord . Thank God for His mercy and His grace , His love and His favor !!! I give Him all the < PROPFEMALE > and Honor !! Thank you Jesus !!! 
Braveheart is a classic !!! 
Beautiful day in Seatlle , at the zoo with my family , wish my girls could've been here though !! 
Gos is a God of second chances !!! And third and forth and so on . That doesn't mean you continue to live a sloppy life . But instead it should push you to set the bar high and watch God help you reach the heighth at which you set it . All the while knowing He will be there to pick you up should you slip and fall !! 
Done with another busy day of work ... now off to the house of God for a little praise and worship !! 
God is good all the time and don't you forget it !!! 
10.3 < PROPMALE > in an hour ... wooooo ... my legs are burnin ... but man the number on that scale is sure lookin good !!! :-) 
Just saw \Bounty Hunter\ " with my girl .... hillarious !!! " 
I just passed three people DIGGIN in their noses like no one can see them .... lol .... nasty !! 
10.2 < PROPMALE > on the bike again today .... as < PROPFEMALE > Tone < PROPMALE > used to say \It feels good ! Yeah ! \"" 
šonna suck .. but hey It'll be FRIDAY !!!! 
What happened to the Celtics tonight ? 
Happy Mothers Day to all you beautiful Mom's out there !!! @ >\\------- 
Just to reiterate what my man Tahvio already put out there ... I'd like to give a shout out to any and all men who workin at the mc donalds , puttin pride aside to provide !!! Better than most these Lames out here not doing nothing at all ! Every bit counts !! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes !!! 
Every single one of you on my Friends List is a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends List actually pays attention ... Copy and paste this in your status . 
Coleslaw is yummy !! 
Lets go LA !!! 
Nothing like an old school rivalry rekindled ...... LA vs Boston ... Lets go Lakers !!!! LA in 6 !! 
One down three more to go !! LAKERS BABY !!!! 
You know about < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s 80/20 Rule ? Don't be mad when you leave your 80% for that 20% and get mad cause you're at where you're at !! 
Lets go LAKERS !!! 
Oh Yeqh Boi !!!! LA all the way !!!! 
Happy Independence Day Facebook Friends !!!!! Enjoy the food , enjoy the family and be safe !!! 
Has anyone seen The Last Airbender , and was a fan of the cartoon , still think the movie was crap ? 
Lake Stevens Aquafest parade is going down !!! 
ÔSo I have my daughters for the summer and I ask their mom to send me their child support to support our children and what does she say ? Forget about it . 
åIt'll never happen . People ... lemme know , am I in the wrong for askin ? 
I may never march in the infantry , ride in the cavalry , shoot the artilery . I may never fly o'er the enemy but I'm in the Lords Army !!!! Thats for all my Victory COGIC folks out there ... 
I'm not your woman , I'm not your man\ 
I m something you will never understand\ 
I'll never beat you , I'll never lie\ 
And if you're evil , I'll forgive you by and by ..... 
It's Wednesday !!! Weekends almost here !! 
I have walked a thousand < PROPMALE > , through all my tests and all my trials and yet ..... you still love me for me and in the refuge of your wings I can rest in you safely oh Lord ... You cover me ..... Now I can finally see ... it was Your love changing me ... It's Your mercy that draws me near .. and by Your grace Im standing here . No matter the road Ive walked .. Loves covered my wrongs . I realize it's true theres none like You !!! 
\What\ " aint no country I ever heard of !!! Do they speak english in \ " what \"?!" 
On this day 53 Years ago , my mom was brought into this world . For the last 18 years she has been waiting to welcome me home to paradise . I love and miss you sooo much Mom . Happy birthday !!! 
Layin in the cut kissin and rubbin and makin sweet love DAMN THE CLUB tonight we're gonna twerk it out !!! 
Autobots , Roll out !!!! 
The only time you make it rain is throwin change in a fountain !! 
Don't cry Fourty whiners !!! 
Bet a lot of you didn't even know there was a vehicle Voltron ! I'll be bringin more Classics from the 80's . 
The grass is always greener on the other side till you get over there and find out it wasn't nuthin but some astro turf . Not only did you fall for a lie ... Now you're stuck with something that doesn't grow or respond to love and attention wishin you were back on that other patch of grass . You look back accross the fence and notice someone else is helping to tend that patch and it's too late ! ~ 
20 Years ago today my baby sister Valiree was welcomed into this world . 11 Years ago she was welcomed into heaven . Today she is celebrating her birthday in the presence of the Lord !! You are not forgotten Valiree < PROPFEMALE > Jackson .... 10/06/90 ~ ~ 10/18/99 . I love and miss you !! 
@ Snohomish High with Sydnei for her Panther Pal meet and greet . God , more than half these kids weren't alive when I was in their place .... WoW !! 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried or never met . Those we have held but could not take home or the ones that came home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't , because unlike cancer , the loss of a baby is still a taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of all lost angels . 
It's The Great Pumpkin < PROPFIRST > Brown !!! 
Out trick or treating with the kids ..... thank God for no rain :-) 
27And Jesus looking upon them saith , With men it is impossible , but not with God : for with God all things are possible . < PROPFIRST > 10:27 .... So today do not believe that you cannot recieve all that you have been predestined for . Don't continue to fall prey to the father of lies . Stand strong on this truth for that is what it is the TRUTH !! Enjoy your weekend FB Fam !! God Bless !! 
Up early gettin my workout on !! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So He put His arms around you and whispered come to me . With tearful eyes I watched you and saw you pass away . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God ... broke my heart to prove to me , He only ... takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you miss every day 
STUFFED !!! 
Let's go Dawgz !!!!! 
Lets go < PROPMALE > !!! One more !!! 
Nice game Cougs ..... But the Huskies were too much for ya !!! UW !!!! 
Really Seattle ? C'mon Seahawks lets come out in the second half and make this a game !! 
Cousins are the 1st friends of our lives .... When you grow up , they are still your friends ..... Re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world !!! They may not be a part of your daily life , but they are never far from your thoughts and memories !!!! 
The system has crashed @ work . They just need to let us off for the rest of the week !!! 
It's a ghost town around here . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone !!!!!! 
Lets go Hawks !!!!! 
Lets go 12th man !!!!! 
Good Mornimg Seattle Seahawks fans !!! NO !!! It was not a dream we beat the New Orleans Saints to become not only the first team with a losing record to win the division but now we are the first team with a losing record to WIN a playoff game and against the defending champs no doubt . I say we make it to the NFC Championship game at least !?! 
Havin steak at The Buzz Inn with the fam ... mmm .... mmm ..... mmmm ..... mmm .... mmmmm 
So Im waiting at this train crossing , already running late cause of the snow , the train gets down to the last few cars ... stops ... then throws it in reverse .... Thank You Wednesday !!! Cant wait till you're over !!! 
In memory of my Cousin < PROPFIRST > , miss you everyday . My cousin Jaquel , in the middle of her fight , my Uncle Phill still hanging in there and everyother person in this fight . Asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you know has or had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for just one hour ? Do it for all of us ... please !! 
The best thing about today is tomorrow !!! C'mon Friday !!! 
I am an UN-APOLOGE TIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisibl e , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS wil re-post this & NOT CARE about offending someone . 
\Love lights more fires than hate extinguishes\ " ~ < PROPFEMALE > Wheeler Wilcox " 
SEAHAWKS WAVE !! : „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤KEEP THE WAVE GOING¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øº LETS GO SEAHAWKS ! ¤¤º°¨¨°º¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º°¨„ø¤º°¨¨°ºL-E-T-S GO ! „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤LET'S GO SEAHAWKS ! ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤øºL-E-T-S GO ! ¤¤º°¨ ¨°¤øº¤ø„¸ ¸ø¤º°¨SEAHAWKS WAVE : „ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ KEEP THE WAVE GOING !! 
At the homie Lil V's in the South end watchin the games !!! 
BREAKING NEWS : Practice at the Chicago Bears Stadium was delayed 2 hours yesterday after a player found a white powdery substance on the ground . Police and Homeland Security investigated . Experts determined that the white substance , unfamiliar to most of the players , was in fact the goal line . Practice will resume since the team was unlikely to encounter the substance again . All Seahawk fans please post !!!! 
Lets do work Seattle !!!! 
Lets go Hawks !!! The opportunities have been there we just gotta sieze em !!! 
Good game Hawks !!! Not ... smh 
Thank you Dr. < PROPMALE > !!! 
When people pass judgement before gaining a complete understanding of a situation ... it's irritating . 
We are all pre-destined for greatness .... will today be your day ?! Take hold of the moment and never let go my friends !! Carpe diem ! 
Big bowl of Captain Crunch , with Crunchberries of course , and a cup o coffee ... Here I come Saturday !!! 
Brakes were going out in the ride ... spent the day @ the pull a part getting a new master Cylinder , installing it and bleeding all four wheels .... loooong day but hey the rides safe again ! 
Can't nobody do it like us ! Mix chop and screw it like us . All over the living room gettin it like us !! 
J-E-T-S ! Jets ! Jets ! Jets ! 
You better run faster than the fastest person you see runnin !!! 
In my wildest dreams , I never could have seen . \ 
The < PROPMALE > to be with someone like you girl . \ 
You are a < PROPFEMALE > . Let me be your < PROPMALE > . \ 
So together we can rule our world . \ 
When you're next to me , it feels like extacy . \ 
Please tell me that you feel it Baby . \ 
You just don't know , How far I'll go . \ 
To prove how true these feeling are lady . \ 
\ 
You're proof that dreams come true !!! ~ Joktan Stone , The Eclectic one . 2011 
You'll say that you're nothing like the last girl . I just pray that you don't let me down right now . It's too late .. I'm already yours . You just gotta promise me hearts wont break and end up like before . 
Halfway through the day and already taken 40 Calls and theres 40 in que .... its gonna be a loooong afternoon :-( 
Watching Moulin Rouge !!!! I love this movie !! 
I am TIRED !!!! 
Nothing like a brisk walk in this chilly Seattle weather to wake you up !!!! I needed that !! 
GO PACK !!!!! 
Green and yellow !!! Green and yellow !!!!! 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????? 
46 calls in que !!! Woooowhoooo !!!!........ Not !! 
To laugh often and much ; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children ; to earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends ; to appreciate beauty ; to find the best in others ; to leave the world a bit better , whether by a healthy child , or a garden patch ; to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived . This is to have succeeded ! ~ RWE ~ 
I'm lookin rough !! Time for a shave ! 
I dont wanna touch you too much baby . Cause making love to you might drive me crazy . I know you think that loves in the way you make it , So I dont wanna be there when you break it . Love bites , Love bleeds . Its bringing me to my knees . Love lives , Love dies . Its no surprise . Love begs , Love pleads .... Its what I need !! 
Lets go \Poster Child !!! \"" 
Slugbug Silver no slug backs !!! 
Please lift my Grandfather < PROPMALE > Stone up in prayer right now as he is in the hospital and is not doing well . 
This snow is coming down like crazy !!! Thank God it aint stickin !! 
I have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had nowhere else to go . ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ~ 
Before I even clocked in there were 40 calls in que ... now theres 31 .... hasnt been out of the red all day !! Thank you Monday ! 
On this day 8 years ago I was bestowed the honor of being called father by a young man Named Nahshon < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Stone , and even though I have never heard him say these words except in my dreams . I look forward to embracing him in Heaven and having ahim welcome me home . I love and miss you my Handsome < PROPMALE > ! <3 3/1/03 ~ 6/19/03 <3 
The best thing about today ...... is as far as work is concerned its over !! 
Been thinkin bout starting my own YOUTUBE channel where I cover some songs and mix in some originals ... would you subscribe ? 
\I hate mondays ! \ " ~ Garfield " 
So I finally got on the < PROPMALE > bandwagon and needess to say Im hooked . So Netflix was BSin with the third season so I bought it from Target only to get to the fourth disc ready to roll into season four and the disc I had ..... disc 4 of the second season .. smh ... really !!! Ugh im mad !!! 
HELOOOOO FRIDAY !!!! 
Tje Voice of West coast Hooks Mr Nate DOGG .... Gone @ 41 !! RIP Homie !! 
If you're not listenin to Yelawolf ..... You should be !!! Newness fo that a$$ !! 
spuods ?? o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ?? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
Is it Friday yet ?! 
I go get my girls in the morning from Kennewick . They'll be staying with me for spring break ... Soooo excited !!! 
