I hate cold weather ... but I guess its fine . 

This weekend was too short 
Had fun with Emmily on her B-day . 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? deserves ? a ? smack ? in ? the ? face ? with ? a ? shovel ? 
Track sucked for me today ... I'm not too happy with the results . 
Prom was really fun ! I was all girly for a night ! :D 
Life is just so complicated but pointless right now , it seems . 
Though tiring , today was a good day . :) 
To those who have left Ashland : I miss you guys SO MUCH and love ya'll lots . Please come back and visit ! ;D 
Finally being home is interesting ... 
I really hate stupid people . 
Today was fun in Dodge and class was actually pretty good . Nice day all in all . :) 
Life wouldn't be interesting without its problems , would it ? 
Just love not being able to sleep and then getting on Facebook to add crap I mostlikely don't need on my profile . ;) 
Went down to the creek today with < PROPFEMALE > Butler and picked a TON of sandplums . Scared to death by some ticks . Tomorrow we'll make jelly out of them ! 
Had class today and rode horses . Mya is doing really good and is learning to trot . I also rode < PROPFEMALE > , who was the shits but calmed down when she had a good run . I hope it rains tonight . ;) 
Went riding horses out west on Bluff Creek with < PROPFEMALE > a little bit ago . When we were coming back , Bre tells me to sit on Mya's butt . God Damn horse bucked me ! I ended up wrapping myself around her neck to keep on . I got to cuss out both Bre and Mya . Grr 
I don't think I'm ready for my senior year ... ugh . 
The only thing you can do is to keep trying . 
Psych Test not super hard , just really nerve racking ... 
Tonight was just another challenge for us Lady Jays ; it was one of our best nights . Thanks to all who came and supported us . That was really awesome . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Sanders 
PSYCH IS DONE !!! So happy cuz now I can have an easy semester . Just have to get College Alg out of the way ... 
Got my ACT tomorrow . Probably should go to sleep ... 
At Dustyn's house ... listening to them argue about thumb wars .... :) 
There is a sliver of hope in this mess . I'm praying for my mother . 
Yay for Snow Days ! Awesome ! 
Thanks for the Happy Birthdays everybody ! 
Thank you to everybody who came to the funeral . 
Fun day in Dodge City with Dustyn Murphey , Mia < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > Bech ! 
What a busy week ! 
