I love you guys , happy new years < PROPFEMALE > and new years . 

Something , something no so clever . 
HEY GUYS , IM GOING TO GO TAKE A SHOWER . 
Time to turn in my app , wtb job . 
I hate ex's that will fuck with you . 
Anyone for getting wasted tonight ? Eh ? 
Here I am , nothing to do , so bored , tra la la . 
WTB Fun 
Hi people , HOWS IT GOING HUH ? 
I feel like I'm losing my mind . 
3am , and I can not sleep :/ 
Letting your emotions control your reason may cause trouble for yourself and those around you . 
There seems to be nothing to do on the weekend it seems . 
I COULD USE SOME LOVE , OR ATTENTION /QQ 
I hope I start feeling better . 
Must stay up , need something to do ! 
I'm the < PROPMALE > of the world , what do you have to say about that . 
This just in . Yezin likes a lot of things . 
I really wish I could sleep , sick of 20+ hours without sleep . 
Mmmm love Chinese food 
Why am I still up , I really wish I could sleep right now .. 
blah blah blah 
SFILGHAWIGHAWERERAH . 
Hooray for time sinks for when I'm not on my other time sink ! 
Bacon at about 4am in the morning , WIN ! 
I <3 all my friends . 
How I wish I could wash old memories , erase thoughts and purge the pain . 
It's so boring in the morning I went to bed at a normal time ! 
Never give up people , please keep fighting for whatever it is you are fighting . 
Chocolate milkshake ftw . 
Goodnight , you crazy people . 
Lol still showing people how to setup their Counter-strike Source servers . I should get paid for this . 
Everyone post music suggestions 3 2 1 GO . 
What a terrible night , I have not had one this bad in awhile . 
I think people tend to forget you do not need to understand and know everything , just to simply enjoy it . 
What's behind the door I wonder\ 
\ 
Must be brighter than my past 
Grease fires ftl 
Snow , and it looks like plenty more . 
Another 30 hour day , night all . 
Happy Thanksgiving , I hope today is a good one for everyone . 
Burn away those memories . 
5 more days , I'm very ecstatic . 
One more night til the best week since about alittle 2 years ago . 
Few more hours and I'm off on a plane ! Going to be boring waiting in seattle for a few hours but oh well . 
I'm back from atlanta , who missed me ? 
Move forward , march on . Do not let anything bring you down you are unstoppable . 
Tonight is where Moonkins get their power ! 
FullMetal Alchemist Brotherhood was the best yet . Better then the original and I recommend watching it . 
Sigh , when I do want to sleep I can't something always comes up and this time it was not great . 
I hope everyone has a good Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , and a great Christmas Day . 
I love eggnog . 
Whoa whoa , poison dreams delude , corrupt me so , here we go . 
You'll never forget someone you love(d ) . Never . It's something you are subconciously thinking . This one is for everyone who has made it . 
Dreams , the have to mean something and my unconscious mind keeps telling me this one dream in different angles . 
Never hold onto something you want that has left you , I only found pain , you'll be there all by yourself hurt wondering why this has happened . That's what my dreams have lead me to find out right now and I'm in pain and do not know why I am the way I am . 
The truth is everyone is gonna hurt you at some point in your life ... But you just have to decide who is worth all your pain . 
I'm addicted to House . 
I need someone to watch movies with ! Apply here . 
House marathons are not enough house for me . 
Taking suggestions for anime , currently working on Soul Eater , need something after . 
I would like all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how we met . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy and paste this to your status so I can do the same . 
Ahh ! Another House Marathon , Sleuth I love you . 
Someone craft me a dreamcatcher . 
House Marathon , woo . Too bad it's reruns for right now . Channel USA . 
Life is not fair , so why not hate it more . 
RIP Dad , I love you . Your suffering has finally ended . 
What helps drive you ? 
Ah , House . You make my life better . 
I slept like crap , and feel like crap . 
Woke up , took a nice shower , grub in my stomach . I'm ready for the day . 
is enjoying Minecraft as much as House . 
I can never get enough House . 
I used to rule the world , sears would rise when I gave the word . 
< PROPFIRST > Coblentz steam is skar_face68 
I have the power of netflix now , beware . 
Time for some Full Metal Jacket ! 
