my hand hurts . that wall def had it comin tho . 

you did it , i done before . you get it , i had it . 
everybody needs a jumpstart , cause batteries can die . it happens all the time . especially when the sun is on the planet's other side . the blind leading the blind . the wait is over , winter's here . we all can go to sleep . we all need to find someone to keep us warm . 
< PROPFEMALE > bad news : woke up at 8:10 for my 8:00 final . good news : i don't have anything else to do for the day , guess i can go back to sleep . 
I'm in the pursuit of happiness and i know that everything that shine ain't always gunna be gold . i'll be fine once i get . i'll good . 
had a really rough night .... i'm a jackass ..... 
thinking i'm sick . my stomach is seriously killing me . its past upset , more along the lines of straight pain . efffff .............. 
is making a conscious effort to not follow the trend and post something about how many finals i have taken or how many i have left 
sooo i need a pair of dress shoes for my presentation tomorrow . anyone got a pair of size 9 or 9 and half black dress shoes that i can borrow ?? 
if I'm lucky , i will never have to step foot in Gardner Hall again in my academic career at < PROPMALE > State College . WONDERFUL !! 
dance party 
I HAVE AN ACCOUNTING I BOOK AND ALEKS SOFTWARE FOR ACCOUNTING FOR SALE AS A BUNDLE . IT WILL BE MUCH CHEAPER FROM ME THAN FROM THE BOOKSTORE !!!! 
interesting might be and understatement when describing tonight . GOOD is def an understatement when describing tonight !!! 
it just hasn't been my day ..... 
has seen a severe decrease in my facebook usage since being home for break . Most likely cause : lack of homework to procrastinate . 
And we'll stay out all night . ' Cause rest is for the dead . So we won't stop , no we won't stop . Raise your glass high and let's throw out a toast to the road , where ever we go . We'll hold friends close and never want to go home . 
No , I'm not afraid at least not to die . I'm afraid to live and not remember why . 
finally beat expert on minesweeper . i feel < PROPFEMALE > accomplished . 
hmmm , < PROPFIRST > bay is now a Met . interesting .. 
seriously , a windgust just hit my house and it literally SHOOK . wtf mother nature ?!?!? 
\HEY !!! So I was watching t.v. with your wife last night . Stupid Bitch !!!! Took her two hours to watch 60 Minutes !! \"" 
i went to the store to buy a candlestick , but they were all out . so i bought a cake . 
why hello < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > . We meet again .. 
yesterday , all my troubles seemed so far away . now it looks as though they're here to stay . oh , i believe in yesterday 
Some times we forget what we got and who we are and who we are not . I think we got a < PROPMALE > to make it right 
Cuz I do things from the M-Town to the Uk and from Spain back out to Texas . This albums for my fans but Yo this hook is for my Ex's . This one is for you girl . You know who you are girl . You only show your face girl cuz you know that I'm a < PROPFEMALE > . 
status is being tracked , the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the Haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status . You only have to leave it for a minimum of an hour ! :) 
I'll get this started , first shot is the hardest to deal with . So let's sober up on the drive home . Let's go some place where the cops will leave us alone !! And we'll stay out all night , cause rest is for the dead . 
sooo not only do i turn 20 on May 25 ( the most worthless bday ever ) , but also Nickleback is coming to omaha that day . sweeeeet Nickleback , go ahead and ruin an already shitty bday . lol 
i recall , we ran , we ran away . along the streets in the rain , took my hands , we found a place . and we got away from them . and our day was based on fantasy , but we never knew . All i know , is that we were lost boys , just trying to find our way back home . All i know , is that im a crazy boy , just trying to be someone . 
< PROPFEMALE > as i was getting up at 4:30 am for practice , < PROPFIRST > DiGiorgio was just gettin in from another night in < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > . That's just not fair ... lol 
Everybody needs a jump-start ‘cause batteries can die , it happens all the time . Especially when the sun is on the planet’s other side . The blind leading the blind . The wait is over , winter’s here , and I’m going to sleep . We all need to find someone ...... to keep us warm . 
Yes i make mistakes that i don't ever make excuses for , like leavin girls that love me and constantly seducing hoes . I'm losing my thoughts i say damn .... 
Caught up on your ex still I can get you past it . Yea and your friends all suggest , What's the < PROPMALE > of this nigga being betta than the rest ? Just tell em you appreciate the help but you just gotta know it for yourself . Girl when I get u to the crib , upstairs to the bed , girl you gonna think I invented sex . 
ugg , my comp is still gettin fixed , which means i dont have any of my music to play in my room . this has been a loooong weekend ... 
People tell me slow my roll . I'm screamin out FUCK THAT !!! Imma do what I want , lookin ahead , no turnin back . If I fall , if I die , know I lived it to the fullest . If I fall , if I die , know I lived and missed some bullets . I'm on the Pursuit of Happiness . 
i can't seem to shake this aweful feeling . you wore , you wore me out . and i can't believe , I can't believe !!! 
did you know that there are people in the world , who are annoyed with all the other people in the world . of all these angry people , i am the angriest boy ! 
okay , so correct me if i'm wrong . its a bad thing when both the outside , and the inside of your winsheild have ice on them ?? 
I be high . Then I be low . I be low . Then I be high . It's like a battle knife to a gun fight . But I be cool . This the story of my life . 
may or may not be curled up in a blanket in my recliner watching < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
You can look all over but you'll never find , ( hot shit ) like mine . It blow your mind . You can look all over but you'll never find ( hot shit ) like mine . Cause I provide that NEW NEW . 
i keep telling myself , i keep telling myself , I'm not the desperate type . Sitting out dances on the wall . trying to forget everything that is . and you are not going home alone , cuz i don't do to well on my own . 
Friday can't come soon enough . < PROPFEMALE > , here we come .. 
just got that fresh new cut . My venezuelan < PROPMALE > has got me looking gooooood . 
just watched < PROPFEMALE > Radley do the running man in the library . epitome of cool . 
wasting my life away in the library again ..... 
what a shitty monday huh ?? i'm def in need of some cheering up . prob won't come while i'm studying away in the library tho .. 
It def won't come from sitting on facebook when \studying\ " in the library ... and not signing off ;) but do cheer up !! I didn't say anything TOO bad ! lol " 
should I wear my shirt up , or down ??? Or possibly tucked in ??? 
split today against < PROPFEMALE > . Gotta get two tomorrow boys !!! 
you're gunna need a body bag . I'll break bones you didn't know you had . When I'm done there will be nothing left of you for your friends to hold on to when they find you cold and blue tonight , face down in a parking lot . 
Manage me , I'm mess . Turn a < PROPFEMALE > , I'm a book , half unread . I wanna be laughed at , laughed with , just becuase . I wanna feel weightless and that should be enough . But I'm stuck in this fucking rut , waiting on a second hand pickmeup . I'm over getting older . If I could just find the time , I would never let another day go by . I'm over getting old . 
is bout to enter the guantlet . a sports nutrition quiz , stats test , chem quiz and then laudry till practice . got a loong day ahead of me still . 
made it thru the day and feeling pretty good about it . helllooo spring trip . 
Sing me to sleep . I'll see you in my dreams . Waiting to say , I miss you , I'm so sorry . 
Baby , you could be my punk rock < PROPFEMALE > . I would be your garage band < PROPMALE > . 
call me a safe bet , I'll bet you I'm not . 
so i have a sinus infection and i honestly felt better before the doc put me on antibiotics . i thot meds were sposed to fix me , not make me feel like death ??? 
i be high , then i be low . i be low , then i be high . it's like i brought a knife to a gun fight , but i be cool , it's the story of my life . 
And your ex man's a hater oficialy . Probably cause he know I'm exactly what you wish he be . Yeah ... that's the reason why he looking hard , cause I've done snatched the chips ahoy out his cookie jar . 
anybody have a graphing calculator i can borrow ???? I desperately need one for my stats hw . 
tell me what you thought about when your were gone and so alone . the worst is over , you can have the best of me . we got older , but we're still young . we never grew out of this feeling that we won't give up . 
damn ... i don't want anything to do with the bad ones , and the good ones are always taken . what's a guy to do ?? 
trust-fall . 
shits weak . don't really wanna be in omaha right now , but def don't wanna head back to < PROPMALE > . perfect .. 
Fuuuuuuuuuck .... 
daydream , i feel asleep beneath flowers , for a couple of hours , such a beautiful day ... 
flyer than the rest of em , flyer than the rest of em , still got my nike boots . doin what i gotta do . 
But I watch her so sadly , how can I tell her I love her ? Yes I would give my heart gladly , but each day , when she walks to the sea , she looks straight ahead , not at me . She doesn't see me . 
< PROPFIRST > Keim says , ' You can't like Boston and the Red Sox!!' 
my hand it bruised and swollen , evidence of a rough night in < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Its 4:45 and i cant sleep . Im wondering if my roommate can snore any louder . 
For anyone taking Applied Probability and Statistics next semester , just know that it seriously sucks ass . 
i know you got a man , but tell me , what your man gotta do with me ?? 
finally got my class schedule figured out , i may or may not die next semester . 
Its been a tough day . Thanks to Meleah for helping me keep my mind off things . RIP < PROPMALE > . 
Too alarming now to talk about . Take your pictures down and shake it out . Truth or consequence , say it aloud . Use that evidence , race it around . There goes my hero , watch him as he goes . There goes my hero , he’s ordinary . 
Fuckin fantastic . Fuck if you agree . Im bright but i dont give a fuck if you see me . 
just like that you got me froze like a nintendo 64 . if you never knew now you know . 
sooo this weekend was rough . hoping for a good week to rebound from a bad one . 
seriously feels like i've been kicked in the stomach . So overwhelmed with EVERYTHING right now ... 
i wanna go back to those simple days . times is hard , and things are a changing , so ill pray to god that we can remain the same . all i'm trying to say , is that this don't have to change , that we don't have to change . 
well i know what i've been told . you've got to know just when to fold . but i can't do this all on my own . no i know , i'm no superman . i'm no superman . 
Ive been studying for chem since 730 , it is past 11 now and i feel like ive learned nothing . My mind is going in a million directions , making this impossible ... 
what am i doing ?? what am i doing ?? oh yeah , that's right i'm doing me . i'm living life right now and this is what i'm gunna do till its over , but its far from over .. 
one thing bout music , when it hits you feel no pain . 
in Mankato with the baseball team , my phone died last night and i def don't have my phone charger . what a shit show . . . 
' Stressed ' does not adequately define my life right now .. 
since i am human i am both good and bad , but i try my hardest to be good . some of the things i do or say may be be bad , or just not too good . but i try . 
can we pretend airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars ? i could really use a wish right now . 
i may or may not die tomorrow . bio final at 8am . stats final immediately following the bio final . round the day off with a chem test at 1 and a six hour bus ride to st. cloud . perfect , def looking forward to it . 
I got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes , hate in my heart , love in my mind . I seen nights full of pain , days of the same . You keep the sunshine , save me the rain . I search but never find , hurt but never cry . I work and forever try , but I'm cursed so nevermind . 
\we are the music makers and the dreamers of dreams . \ " - < PROPMALE > Wonka " 
soaked my phone at work today . perfect . she gone . 
' Im way too young to be feelin this old . ' - Drake . 
I cant believe im up at 420 am to be at work by 5 .. Gunna be a long day . 
work at 5am , hopefully done by noon , then hello memorial day weekend !!! yessir . 
< PROPFIRST > Halladay is PERFECT . Absolutely filthy . 
No , rapists dont like thunder , they're not in control -- Pachunca . 
going to south < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend . yahh be jealous . 
sooooooo happy my uncle < PROPFIRST > has espnU . i can watch allllll the college baseball i can handle !!! hopefully going to the South < PROPFEMALE > game tomorrow night at 7 !!! 
At < PROPFEMALE > Stadium bout to watch the Gamecocks beat up on the Hokies !! 
just got done watching Strasburg . that kid is gunna be special . 14 K's in his big league debut ... decent . 
Welcome to the big ten husker nation ... This should be interesting . 
I hate that i like country music now ... 
Ugh . I feel like crap .. 
gettin a new phone today , same number still . sorry < PROPFEMALE > Hitchcock , no more juke dance .. haha 
today/tonight may have been one of the most frustrating nights that i can remember in a long time ... what the fuck omaha . 
so my car was broken into last night at the cws .. so for the next few weeks i'm gunna be that really classy individual with a trash bag over my passenger window . sweet life ... 
i got no time that i got to get to where i dont need to be . 
I once challenged my reflection to a staring contest . On the fourth day , i won . 
At the gamecocks game again tonight . It's win or go home boys . that's a long 18 hour drive back to columbia . do work , and GO COCKS !!! 
in a very odd mood . lots of stuff goin on in my head . don't think i'm gunna get much sleep tonite . 
when i get older , i will be stronger . they'll call me freedom , just like a waving flag . and then it goes back , and then it goes back . 
Had a great that's what she said moment today . Andrew : ' Let's see what i've got , it's gunna be a tight one!!' 
ohhh wow . today was the first day of my new workout plan . talk about gettin kicked in the ass !!!! jeez . oh and i almost forgot .... GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO COOOOOOOOOCK'SSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
This is becoming an all too familiar feeling .. 
Takin my lunch break . Eatin leftove4r spaghetti and listenin to Sinatra on the radio . Lovin it . 
omaha , i'm as nowhere as i can be . could you add some somewhere to me ?? oh nebraska , i'm kneeling , oh nebraska please .. 
soooooo < PROPFIRST > Hronek , < PROPFEMALE > Mergens , and < PROPFIRST > Muehling are officially rockstars . thank you a million you three . 
just went on a bit of a music spree on itunes . got a little excited , possibly a little trigger happy as well . lol . oh well , i'm just excited to have new music for the weekend !!! 
puttin on my shades to cover up my eyes , hoppin in my ride , i'm goin out tonite . i'm ridin solo 
Walk off homerun b < PROPMALE > ankiel !! another great game at rosenblatt !! 
Its not even christmas asshole !!! its 4th of july !! 
nice little 13 hour work day today . gotta make that green !! 
has decided to head up to < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > Witulski and < PROPFIRST > Fedde for a little chicken days action . oh fuck yea !! 
Fool me once , strike one . Fool me twice .... Strike three . 
Gimme that girl with her hair in a mess , cheeky little smile with her head on my chest . 
whats that ??? < PROPMALE > Witulski and I are getting out the old golf clubs and headin to the driving range ???? oh this could be fun !!! 
Reading a book by flashlight . No air conditioning , no water , no electricity . Thankyou mother nature . 
Love is the answer , at least for most of the questions in my heart . Why are we here ? where do we go ? why is it so hard ? 
hmm . lots on my mind tonight . i know what needs to be said , it's just a matter of whether or not it happens now .. summer 2010 , you have disappointed so far . 
I'm so cliche , see that word just wears me out . Makes me feel just like another guy to laugh and joke about . 
Holy shit ... Inception just blew my mind . 
Shit .. My right shoulder , my lower back , bouh knees and both ankles . Im 20 years old and my body is fallin apart .. 
To whoever it may concern , thankyou for the dicks on my car windows . 
do what you've done , and you'll get what you've gotten .. don't really like what i've gotten recently , time to change what i'm doin . 
looking at getting tickets for the < PROPMALE > Songz and < PROPFEMALE > concert on Tuesday August 17th , anyone interested in joining me ? 
random night with < PROPFIRST > tucker and < PROPFIRST > and grace bossert . turns out it was def a good night . 
I'm way too young to be feelin this old ... 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SAY ANYTHING IS COMING BACK TO OMAHA IN OCTOBER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
the day a child realizes that all adults are imperfect , he becomes an adolescent ; the day he forgives them , he becomes an adult ; the day he forgives himself , he becomes wise . 
who's got two thumbs and finally has a window on his passenger car door ???? THIS GUY !!!! 
may an EPIC weekend commence !!!! 
Turns out 
so make it a point to say you miss me . tell all of your friends of the boy from which your accent comes . oh won't you hold it against me for knowing the words , what to say to make your heartbeat stop . 
its not about fame and fortune . its about believing and believing in yourself ; and understanding that this life , it's life . it's < PROPFEMALE > and the pursuit of happiness . and happiness isn't about getting what you want all the time , its about loving what you have . so get ready , it's a new day . 
I think too much . Wish I could turn my brain off for a few days , give it a break ya know ? 
just won the new < PROPFIRST > Ponser CD on the radio today . its gunna be a good weekend , this kinda stuff never happens to me !! 
Its 4am . I am in bed staring at the ceiling because i cant sleep ... Gunna need a nap later i feel .. 
What kind of bear is best ? 
gone camping . won't be back till the 13th . turning my phone off , see you all on friday . 
We got everything we need right here and everything is enough . Its just so easy when the whole world fits inside of your arms . 
On my way to see doctor brown for my knee , nervous to say the least . 
GOOD NEWS . got the mri results , no tear , the knee looks fine . HELL . YES . 
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones , as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires . 
I believe that \conflicted\ " is the word that I am looking for . " 
livin it up at 715 Windom . looking forward to another year in < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
oh , so that's what the floor of my room looks like .. huh .. 
Bummed . 
Its 915 and im done with class for the day . No big deal . 
bout to start my physics homework . instructor said it should only take about 9-10 hours to do . piece of cake .... 
Its just past 2 am , i've been laying in bed awake since bout 10:30 .. this is brutal .. 
usbank seriously just made my day !!!!!! looked at my credit card balance and it said $0.00 because of a Customer Appreciation Credit from the bank !!!! 
Tonight I am preceeded by a few drinks to calm me down , to settle my gut , to work up a smile . cuz my bones are shaking baby , agitate my mind . 
I feel like shit . Wish i was in bed but i have physics homework due tonite . Great . 
i dig my toes into the sand . the ocean looks like a thousand diamonds strewn across a blue plain . i < PROPFEMALE > against the wind , pretend that i am weightless . and in this moment i am happy . 
GBR 
martinez for heisman ??? too early ? i think not . 
dear _______ , \ 
I hate your stinkin guts . you are the scum between my toes . \ 
love , \ 
< PROPMALE > 
This anatomy class is goinkg to be the end of me ... 
i could have been a famous singer if i had someone else's voice , but failure's always sounded better , let's fuck it up boys , MAKE SOME NOISE !!! 
Holy shit . That is the worst fog i have ever driven through . 
HAHAHAHAHAHAH just saw a dude eat shit on his bike at an intersection !!!! Sucks to suck !!! 
Had a rough day , but that's life , it happens . Woke up on a dark side of my mattress .. Every day can't be the best day , do what you can right now , don't hesitate . That's why we try to make love and get paid . Take the bad with the good , now let's play . 
my mind is on extreme overload . head feels like it might legitamately explode . this is not okay . 
Absolutely dominated that physics test . Made it my bitch !!! today is a good day . 
< PROPFIRST > Hronek just made my night . thank you for distracting me from life for an hour . it was much needed . 
Its a sad day in < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . The first pair of ugg boots were seen on campus today ... Sad sad day . 
For the first time all year , i actually know what is going on in my anatomy class !! 
pissed off . cannot wait for today to be done . 
when it rains , it pours ... too much goin on in my head these days . 
So , turns out i def didn't write that . sweet life . 
got a letter from my best friend today . turned a good day into a great day . 
Guess who's number one ?!?!? HOW BOUT THEM WILDCATS !!!! 
go . big . red . 
Anima < PROPFEMALE > in corpore sano 
not feelin too hot today .. 
ugh , night class ... i can only take 3 hours every tuesday night talking about leadership for so long . this is brutal . 
p patch on sunday . beyond excited . 
dontgetit 
\Smile . Your self worth is NOT dependant on how you did on you physics exam . \"" 
NILES < PROPFIRST > FOR HEISMAN ......... or suicide watch . same thing right ??? 
Oh Omaha , it's good to be home . 
feeling very odd tonite , not quite sure how to explain it . 
i have to write reviews for 4 of my classmates paper's on leadership for class . In the nicest way possible , how do i write a review telling a junior/senior in college that their writing skills are equivalent to my 12 year old brother's ?? 
in just over 24 hours i will be at Sokol Auditorium witnessing the great great band that is Say Anything . It's safe to say that i am just a little bit excited .. 
two words . one band . a phenomenal evening awaits . SAY ANYTHING !!!!!!!!!! 
feels accomplished . finished my physics assignment in one sitting . 
My teeth hurt !! wisdom teeth suck ! 
Sitting on the side of the road just outside of wisner because my accelerator just broke . Its been a sweet fucking weekennd .... 
weekend from hell . 
Just watched < PROPMALE > gump tonite with < PROPMALE > . It never ceases to amaze me just how perfect that movie is . 
\that's the 2010 version of the promise ring : blowing inside her .. \"" 
say what you think . not what you think you should say . 
Temporary is my time , ain't nothing on this world that's mine except the will I found to < PROPFEMALE > on . Free is not your right to chose . It's answering what's asked of you to give the love you find until it's gone . 
Just demolished my physics test . Very well couldve gotten a hundi . Great way to start the weekend . 
And true , it may seem like a stretch , but its thoughts like this that catch my troubled head when you're away , when i'm missing you to death . 
is in a terrible mood . 
And I never thought this life was possible . You're the yellow bird that I've been waiting for . The end of paralysis , I was a statuette . Now I'm drunk as hell on a piano bench , And when I press the keys It all gets reversed . 
\Cherish you're solitude . Take trains by yourself to places you have never been . Sleep alone under the stars . Go so far away that you stop being afraid of not coming back . Say no whenever you don't want to do something . Say yes if your instincts are strong . Decide whether you want to be liked or admired . Decide if fitting in is more important than finding out what you are doing here . \"" 
Nebraska is playing on the road today . Automatic win . 
I fuckin love my roommates !!! 
if you're not getting answers , ask better questions . 
listening to The White Panda . these are some redic mashups . 
Here we go skers !!!! go . big . red . 
This has been one of the best days in recent memory . Thank you Mr. Bossert and Mr. Tucker . 
to everyone that i said i would < PROPFEMALE > out with over break and didn't i am sorry . was very scatter brained and very busy . but don't fret , i will be home for christmas in 3 weeks !!! 
always laugh when you can , it's cheap medicine . 
each day comes with 86,400 seconds .... tick tock .... 
might not even watch the bowl game ..... this sucks . 
listening to the < PROPFIRST > Brown Christmas cd while doin some homework . clutch . 
I don't know if there could be anything more dry and boring about basic physics than waves , their wavelengths and frequencies , and simple harmonic motion . this hw assignment is taking faaaaar too long to do . My brain is quite distracted right now . 
Let's dance to joy division and celebrate in the irony . Everything is going wrong , but we're so happy . 
The true man wants two things : danger and play . For that reason he wants woman , as the most dangerous plaything . 
I'm wide awake , it's morning . 
You cant be broke and happy . So me , i'm mad < PROPMALE > . 
is on christmas break ???? doesn't even feel like it !! 
i will not fall in love with your bones and skin . i will not fall in love with the places you have been . i will not fall in love with anything but the words that flutter from your extraordinary mind . 
Lots of food for thought tonight .. 
Well shit ... 
so i hate when people use the phrase \life is short\ " . turns out life is the longest thing that any person will ever do . ever . " 
Third night in a row i haven't been able to fall asleep . Wish my mind would quit racing and just let me pass out . 
I'm lookin for some new music . any suggestions ? 
No . 22 : Education begins the gentleman , but reading , good company and reflection must finish him . 
Quite confused 
No . 40\ 
Everyday people shape and influence your life . Find the right people and you'll be a better person for it . 
oh , have i been too discrete ? how long am i supposed to wait ? i think about you nightly . oh , can you tell i'm loosing sleep ? oh , what am i supposed to do ? it's hard to stay cool . oh , when you smile at me . and i get nervous every time you speak . 
i have so much to say but when it comes time to say it , i'm silent 
I know I was born . I know I will die . The in between is mine . 
What a beautiful mess this is .. 
( 907 ): He was just laying on the stairs and then screamed , \Is that a clubhouse ? \ " I haven't seen him since " 
Lookin towards the future but we're beggin for the past . we knew we had the good things but those never seem to last . oh please just last . 
Devil town , Bright Eyes . Can't get it outta my head . 
\don't spin your car out and die . you are much more fun to < PROPFEMALE > out with when you are alive\ " thankyou < PROPFIRST > Pachunka " 
They got rid of our table . I am furious ... 
4:15 am wake up call tomorrow ??? sure , why not ... 
Nothing of me is original . I am the combined effort of everybody I've ever known . 
the longer we wait for the future , the shorter it is . 
You'd never know it\ 
But < PROPMALE > Im a kind of poet\ 
And Ive got a lot of things I wanna say\ 
And if Im gloomy , please listen to me\ 
Till it's all , all talked away 
According to Greek mythology , humans were originally created with 4 arms , 4 legs , and a head with 2 faces . Fearing their power , Zeus split them into 2 separate parts , condemning them to spend their lives in search of their other halves . 
Its 4:03 in a world asleep , ecept for me . 
If it kills me - < PROPFIRST > Mraz 
random fact for the day : There are eight different sizes of champagne bottle and the largest is called a Nebuchadnezzar ( after the Biblical < PROPMALE > who put < PROPFIRST>'s three friends into the oven ) . 
oh sure , i'll go ahead and win an online poker tourny . nbd 
today is going to be a great day . 
Undeafeated . Heavy-weight champions of the world . T and fedde . Look out !! 
courage does not always roar . sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying , \i will try again tomorrow . \"" 
< PROPFIRST > Chaplin once won third prize in a < PROPFIRST > Chaplin lookalike contest . 
Unnecessary Knowledge of the day : Each < PROPMALE > in a deck of playing cards represents a great < PROPMALE > from history : Spades = < PROPFIRST > ; Clubs = < PROPFIRST > the Great ; Hearts = Charlemagne ; Diamonds = Caesar 
Your life is always the post off something else . Where is the present in the way that you present yourself ? 
Unnecessary knowledge for the day : Right handed people , on average , live nine years longer than left handed people . 
Let us lay in the sun and count every beautiful thing we can see 
bowled a career high tonight . 151 , not too shabby . Also , picked up a pheasant . its like a turkey , but with spares instead of strikes !! haha 
unnecessary knowledge for the day : The name < PROPFEMALE > was made up for the book \Peter Pan \"" 
Insert generic comment about how much < PROPFIRST>'s day sucks here . 
went on a run with dad today and finally got to use my new knee brace . its amazing what a difference good equipment can make !! 
today you are you , that is truer than true . there is no one alive who is youer than you . 
every atom in your body came from a < PROPFEMALE > that exploded . the atoms in your left hand probably came from a different < PROPFEMALE > than your right hand . it really is the most poetic thing i know about physics : we are all < PROPFEMALE > dust . -- < PROPFIRST > Krauss 
you do not have a soul . you are a soul . you have a body . 
anything that is unrelated to elephants is irrelephant . 
We are what we repeatedly do . Excellence , therefore , is not an act but a habit . \ 
-Aristotle- 
Two things are infinite : the universe and human stupidity . and i'm not sure about the first one . 
the only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once . 
its not my birthday 
We all know that light travels faster than sound . That's why certain people appear bright until you hear them speak 
Is in omaha tonight and tomorrow night . Whats goin on big O ?? 
Every now and then i have a remarkably vivid dream of you . And though they are growing few and far between i am always left shaken ; heart in two . i would appreciate it if you would stay out of my subconscious from now on . 
Sometimes you get confused like there is a hint i'm trying to give you . the longer you think , the less you know what to do . 
Music hath charms to soothe a savage beast , to soften rocks , or bend a knotted oak . 
Hoping for the best , but most definitely expecting the worst . 
And this , our life , exempt from public haunt , finds tongues in trees , books in the running < PROPMALE > , sermons in stones , and good in everything . 
Physics II lab report finally complete !! not gonna lie , this thing looks damn good too . now on to a multitude of other work .. this week sucks ! 
working on physics in the library and all the hw requires me to use the right hand rule . it's safe to say that people are very entertained by watching me twist my arm/hand around . no i'm not giving you a thumbs up for watching me , just trying to find the direction of a magnetic field or magnetic force on an accelerated proton . 
Oh well I look at you and say\ 
It's the happiest that I've ever been\ 
And I'll say I no longer feel I have to be < PROPFIRST > Dean\ 
And she'll say\ 
Yah well I feel all pretty happy too\ 
And I'm always pretty happy when I'm just kicking back with you 
courage does not always roar . sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying \i will try again tomorrow \"" 
