you'd think i'd be sick of grape kool-aid by now 

my friends aren't sneakery enough . no one's made a fool of me yet . 
Where do these bruises come from ? 
It was a beautiful day today , also , I saw a pig roaming freely in the front yard of some trailer . Stay classy , Muhlenberg . 
What a beautiful day ! Begs the question why I'm inside updating my facebook status . 
woke up this morning , feeling fine ... 
Nothing like blowing all your responsibilities off and sleeping in til three o'clock in the afternoon . 
Goodnight sweetheart , well , it's time to go . 
* yawn * 
woah . dude . 
que sera sera ; what will be will be 
i feel icky 
i made guacomole ! 
someone should bring me two avocados . i would love them forever 
thanks to 7arah for making this guacamole possible 
Attics are full of wonders . And sometimes , thirty year old dog food . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > DIO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
smells like a giant donut 
can dance a cajun rhythm 
Good night face book friends 
wants a labotomy 
is waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get home so she can play the second boss in A Boy and His Blob . It's too scary to go it alone . 
Super Fun ! 
my bike just kicked my ass 
is sooooooooo hungry 
anyone wanna do my homework for me ? 
has a brand new pair of roller skates . Who has a brand new key ? 
me duele la espalda 
hates research papers 
finally made herself do her homework ! yay . 
loves to look out windows 
what do you want me to do ? to watch for you while you're sleeping ? 
OMG 
you can see stunning beauty anywhere anytime , if you only know where to look . 
* yawn * heat makes me sleepy . 
is way hungry 
fireworks are dangerous . 
the millicents have nothing on me . 
hey mr. tambourine man , play a song for me ! 
should a body meet a body coming through the rye ... 
Goodnight facebook land . I am very tired . 
Sooooo boooooored . 
My cat won't fit into his cupcake sweater this year :( 
What a great Sunday 
I am finally done with this class FOREVER ! On with the next one . 
It feels good to blow off homework . It will feel terrible tomorrow . 
I feel icky . 
I kept thinking there was a persistent knocking at my door , or perhaps a rousing game of b-ball going on outside , but it's just my brain throbbing against my skull . yikes . 
I should have been a cowboy . 
Yay I made a 91 in my digital imaging class ! :D 
\ ... I'm not as callous as you think . I barely breathe when you are near . It's not as bad when I don't drink . I think I'll wait another year \"" 
I wish I had another 45$ worth of sushi about right now . 
potatoes 
I knew a man Bojangles and he'd dance for you 
pump up the jams . pump it up . 
what's your favorite color ? 
i know the evening's empire has returned in to sand . vanished from my hand . left me blindly here to stand but still not sleeping . 
kevlar doesn't exist . rule 34 . prove me wrong . 
is not failing her information design class anymore !!! :) 
made a 95.2 on her information design test !!! 
facebook , i hate you . 
never thought i'd be so happy to get a c- 
i should not should not should NOT work in customer service . oh my god . people . for real ? 
left her apples at jax . :( hey . lol . apple jax . :) 
sleeping on concrete sucks . :( 
I hear that train a-coming . 
had the most bad ass dream about hanging out with < PROPMALE > curry and < PROPFIRST > o'brien at huddle house . lolz . 
fvjksdavdsa ; fnjksda ; fvsda ; fhsd ; a . I hate you . 
there aren't enough cigarettes in the world for days like these . 
i'd sell my soul for a back rub . :( 
* cough * :( 
who wants to take me to the doctor ? and pay for it too ??? 
i envoke the powers of fox mulder to heal me in this time of sickness . 
I need you around , lady . Come back to me . <3 
i'm a freakin ' dragon . 
