Graduation on May 9th ! Party on the 8th ! 

Last day at my internship :( 
School's out for-ever ! ( For me anyway ; well , until I go for my masters in two years ) 
Almost time for < PROPFEMALE>'s baby shower . Don't forget to RSVP ! 
Manatee or Pinellas ? 
I thought when school was over I wouldn't be so stressed out . Silly me . 
We bought a house ! 
My niece is coming !!!! 
One dog is enough , maybe 2 . Never have more than that 
Closing Date ! November 20th 
All the way across the skyway and I forgot my SS card . Got to go back :( 
Isn'tit funny how life sometimes feels like a movie ? I'm home alone , I just investigated a strange noise , and I am about to take a shower . Cue < PROPFIRST > Bates 
< PROPFEMALE > is in the hospital . 
She should be ok 
My hubby is in MD and I am crazy bored . 
< PROPMALE>'s flight just came in now we have to wait for his luggage . The workers couldn't get all the bags off the plane because of lightning . Stupid Florida 
This morning I walked straight into a spider web ! They're out to get me ! 
Hall of fame game ! Football , I have missed you . 
The past two days have been tough but I've got hope for tomorrow 
Yep , it was a better day ! Thanks for the hugs guys :) 
I just got carded buying Robitussin . My students are going to think I'm one of them ! 
Take your bad day . Add your car breaking down . Add waiting for a tow truck for 3 hours in 90 degree weather . Add diarrhea . Then add a thunderstorm . Welcome to the beginning of the school year . 
Danger prone Daphney does it again ! This time a hit and run car accident . I'm ok , just frustrated with my bad week . 
Hail to the Redskins ! 
< PROPMALE > and I went to see the house today . The tile was put in and the counters are in ! And , we met our new neighbor and he seems nice :) 
Back to school night ! Tired and hungry , but very rewarding to meet some parents :) 
Closing early ! We'll do a walk-through on the finished house on Oct . 28th and then close on Nov . 4th . Then you know what's next ... house warming party !!! 
What a beautiful day ! The best part is I actually get to enjoy it ! I am down to just one prep at work now so I am spending less time planning . Life is good . 
Sunshine and football ; my two favorite things . 
I'm so excited !!!!!!! Next week we have our walk-through and then the week after we move in !!!! 
Just got an < PROPMALE > for my classroom ! Now how to make all the wires on my desk look better ... 
Record day was great ! A whole day to get caught up ! 
Just did the walk-through and things look great ! Now we're off to buy furniture . Hopefully we won't have to sit on crates to watch TV . 
Spent the whole day reflecting on the past . We cleaned out the garage this morning and then talked with an old friend for hours . I am proud of the choices I have made to get me this far . 
Overwhelmed 
Moving Day ! 
Ok , \moving day\ " turned into \ " moving weekend\ " and honestly it feels like its going to be \ " moving week . \ " Who knew I had so much crap ? " 
I had a pretty sweet day . I attended my first SAC meeting as the faculty representative and I joined a kickball team ! 
Wow . I just left work and I arrived at 7:15 . Wish I had all week off like Pinellas County . 
Happy Tofurky Day ! 
Wow , chivalry isn't dead ! 
Busy Friday ahead ! I get off work at 4 , there is a retirement party for a professor from 4-6 , picking up my BFF at the airport around 6 , and kickball at 7:30 ! Life is good :) 
What a great day yesterday ! He went to Breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > and then < PROPMALE > surprised me with tickets to the Trans siberian Orchestra and dinner ! 
Wow . I am officially embarrassed to be a redskins fan . 
I can't wait for < PROPMALE > to open his Christmas present ! He's going to love it . All I have to do now is resist giving it to him early :) 
Cozy warm on the couch , watching some great Christmas movies . I'm not ashamed to admit it , I love Home Alone ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Flu symtoms , oh no ! 
Thanks everybody !!! Aww , I feel loved ! 
Wow . I just search my symptoms on WebMD and the Bubonic Plague came up as a possibility . 
Wooo ! #1seed in kickball ! 
I'm thinking of going vegan . I'm not sure that I can live without cheese , but I might give it a go . 
Wow , it's been a long week and its only Wednesday ! When is Spring Break ? 
I love 3 day weekends :) 
Wow . I have actually used up all of the disc space on my work computer . I have never done that before . 
What an awesome day ! 
I lost my cell phone 2 days ago . I was washing the dog outside and had my phone sitting on the spare tire on my car . < PROPMALE > took the car to pick up dinner and I think the phone was still on that spare tire . How sad an ending for my new phone ! 
Does anybody know if < PROPFEMALE > ever gets with < PROPMALE > ? Or is she going to marry Mr. Crawford ? Please help , I can't take the suspense ! 
I can't keep my eyes open . 
We waited at the school until 6 for buses . I wanted rain , but I've had my fill . 
