It's raining and raining and ... 

I have the day off ... gonna bike to Zurich and < PROPFEMALE > out with Kamille and her cutest little toddler < PROPMALE > . 
Had an awesome 2 days with < PROPFIRST > Wood and Zermatt . 
Good Bye < PROPFIRST > ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Farewell party ... 7 tonight at Zurich lake . Be there ! 
Ughh . Make it all stop ! 
That I don't work very much even though I have a job and I like it like that . 
Leaving on Wednesday for Ohio , < PROPFIRST > here I come ! 
I am flying to Dayton , Ohio today and will be in Mansfield only on Monday . 
I am driving to Michigan today with < PROPFEMALE > . Road trip ! People , pray for < PROPFIRST > that she will be back to health soon ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s in the country home of < PROPFIRST > Wood in Michigan with < PROPFEMALE > . Party ! 
I'm in Mansfield till WEdnesday . I leave and come back again on Monday , till Wed . 
You guys are lame-o . I will be here on Sunday , I don't consider Liederkranz Mansfield , it's a city of it's own . Yes , I am dancing on Sunday . It's quite a feat getting shoes and hose together . I'm a 8.5 -9 if somebody has black dancing shoes with a strap . 
Home again , but I might not be coming to church Sunday . 
Who got into the country without a passport ? 
The most embarassing part ... they were in my suitcase under the plane . 
Good is good . 
I love Friday and sunshine !!!!!! 
I love my work hours this week ! 
Taking a Facebook break ... see you in a while . 
Who wants to come to Bern Saturday for fun and musician night ? 
Bern here we come ! 
Off to Canary Islands for 2 weeks ... No idea what awaits ! 
I am back and still not quite here yet . 
Going ice-skating 
I am done ... good night ! 
Another excellent bible study ... 
Got a runny nose . 
I did not just sneeze all over the computer screen . 
Christmas would be nice if it wasn't for the fact you have to work beforehand . 
Thank God he is in control and not me ! 
This advice would be good if Chili were a dog , but she's a cat . She still goes out . And Pooch Potty ? That sound so rediculous I'd love to see it advertized ! 
Let's pray and donate to Haiti ! 
Recovered and rebuked therefore not fully recovered . A spoonful of sugar makes the medicine go down ! 
This cold is still dragging me around . 
I Think I'm finally well ! Yay ! 
One of my favorite verses !!!!! You hem me in—behind and before ; you have laid your hand upon me . 
Foggy today with a < PROPMALE > of clouds . 
Free day ! 
I am so done with Monday . It is also done with me . I will go now and try to concentrate on the sleeping part of Monday . 
Its almost Friday ! Yeah ! 
Who wants to come to a < PROPFIRST>'s Party Saturday at 6 ? Chilli ( not the cat ) and cornbread ! 
God rocks . 
God loves us all !!!!!!!!! 
Off to Zagreb on Feb . 25 ! 
Off to Bern today 
Well , we didn't get a house . 
Monday is over !!!!!! 
Off to Zagreb ! HAHA ! 
HA HA ! It's going to be 60 degrees in Zagreb ! Whew ! 
You guys aren't really making it easy for me to return to Zurich . :) 
My brain has finally arrived with my body . I am all the way in Switzerland now , but not unpacked . 
35So do not throw away your confidence ; it will be richly rewarded . 36You need to persevere so that when you have done the will of God , you will receive what he has promised . Hebrews 10:35 
The aftermath of snowboarding has come calling and I am happy I can walk . 
Pray ! 
God did it ! Praise God ! Amen ! and Halleluja . 
I am praying for our sister < PROPFEMALE > Nikolayeva in Kiev , so a miracle can happen . 
What a blessing good health is ! 
Tired two-year olds are a true day-mare . 
So , what's the verdict , people , should I put all my photos up from the old Budapest confrence that I found on my computer or is that history ? 
HAPPY EASTER everybody !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Especially < PROPFEMALE > and all those that will enter her house . Jesus lives ! 
There are still 4 hidden chocolate easter eggs in our yard , in case someone is interested ... Sandro doesn't remember either . 
I finally am not sick anymore ! Amen ! 
What a wonderful praise and worship service yesterday ! Thanks everybody for putting your hearts into it ! 
Saturdays are awesome 
sick again ... 
Come near to God and he will come near to you . 
So , you Croatians , I will be in Zagreb with Sandro from May 24-MAy 31 . Talk to < PROPFEMALE > . 
[ realize that you have been disloyal ] wavering individuals with divided interests , and purify your hearts [ of your spiritual adultery ] . \ 
9[As you draw near to God ] be deeply penitent and grieve , even weep [ over your disloyalty ] . Let your laughter be turned to grief and your mirth to dejection and heartfelt shame [ for your sins ] . Amplified Version in < PROPFIRST > ! 
But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life , and only a few find it . 
Job ended ! Yeah ! 
Vacation is awesome . The sun is out for the first time . My husband will be home for lunch . AND I AM NOT TIRED ! 
Denmark , Croatia , here I come ! 
Wow ! So many friends ! So much awesomeness ! see you all soon ! 
My mother was born in Ka ? areva , Croatia . My father in Apatin , Serbia . 
Thanks everybody for all the birthday love !!! Prayers and Thanks go up to heaven for you all on my heart ! 
A baptism ! We had a baptism ! A miracle ! Halleluja ! 
Just because I feel like I was run over by a truck doesn't mean God's promises are less true . 
Sun is good 
Ohio : July 23-August 7 . Landing in Dayton , first few days in Mansfield , then off to < PROPFIRST>'s wedding shenanigans . Camping anyone ??? 
Who got to see < PROPFIRST > Wonder LIVE in Locarno with all his funky awesomeness ?! Livin ' just enough for the citay ... his voice is still the same , amazing ! 
I was so blessed today I got an awesome pair of new shoes ( maroon suede heels and a flowered shirt and skirt ) at the second-hand store . Just my style , and I needed them all ! It took about 10 minutes total . Awesome ! 
Back in CH 
Who knows a good ICOC site for English sermons ? 
Sorry , guys , I can't read Russian , unfortunately 
Realization of the day : God is awesome , I am not . Neither was < PROPMALE > , despite the gifts . 
While we were still sinners , Christ died for us . 
God really is everywhere in everything , and he is taking care of all . 
Just in case you wondered , ZAGREB church , you rock . It will be like having little Zagreb in Switzerland ! 
To him who is able to keep you from falling and to present you before his glorious presence without fault and with great joy—to the only God our Savior be < PROPFEMALE > , majesty , power and authority , through Jesus Christ our Lord , before all ages , now and forevermore ! < PROPFIRST > 24 
The voice of the LORD is over the waters ; the God of < PROPFEMALE > thunders , the LORD thunders over the mighty waters . The voice of the LORD is powerful ; the voice of the LORD is majestic . 
My amazing husband just renovated the guest room ... in 2 days more or less .. exactly to my specifications . AND it's already been used ! YEah ! 
You hem me in—behind and before ; you have laid your hand upon me . 
FB poll ... Will < PROPFEMALE > EVER walk around without having a physical ailment of some sort ? Sick again , or still , whichever you prefer . 
I do not feel sick today ... first time in , well I can't even remember when ! It seems a miracle to me ... thanks God !!! 
In a culture where people are loudly proclaiming they are \good without God\ " it's time to stand up and say ... \ " I am a Christian \"" 
May your stuffing be tasty , may your turkey be plump , may your potatoes and gravy have nary a lump ! 
Ok you turkey-grubbing Americans . My skype is on for you ! 
He said to his disciples , “Why are you so afraid ? Do you still have no faith ? ” 
We can imagine alot of silly things : but when they saw him walking on the sea , they thought it was a ghost and began to scream . All of them saw him and were terrified . Immediately he said to them , \Have courage ! It is I . Stop being afraid ! \ " < PROPFIRST > 6:49 -50 " 
But the angel said to them , \Do not be afraid . I bring you good news that will cause great joy for all the people . \"" 
When you < PROPFEMALE > the Bible , Satan gets a headache . When you open it , he collapses . When he sees you reading it , he faints . When he sees you living it , he flees . A little exaggerated maybe , but you get the point ! 
