Sleeping is for the living 

I went to TN and I had a little fun , but was really bored . 
A thousand deaths wont . One life can mean more then another . It depends upon the person . I wish it was a lie . 
To many hours to wait for another time and date . Crying always never clear what the moment will reveal . 
Though the world is never clear . I shall always stand and fight the fear . I'm ever enduring the pain of the day to day life we have 
Alone is just a word , I'm afraid that I I'm to gone to now . The pain the probably goes with it . 
I've changed myself a bit . see if you notice next time you see me 
The world shall never take me alive , I shall not allow my own darkness to take me down no matter what happens . 
Happy bunnies and sunshine for everyone .... yeah right like I would wish that . 
Your name is helping unite against hate at charactersunite.com 
don't want to go to school tomorrow , but sadly have to . 
The world is just a picture . It's 2d , it has enough on the surface but clearly it's just too shallow . No depth really . Just an illusion 
Going to < PROPMALE > soon , see disney world and conqure it . My grammy and I are also going to see the New < PROPMALE > Potter thing . 
I should have realized that finding my many tins of Yugioh cards would force me to build about seven decks but have no one to play with :( Now I'm sad . 
Windows are now my offical mortal enemy . Hisss . 
I's has a new < PROPFEMALE > plushie , I'm naming him < PROPMALE > , now's I have four kitties from < PROPFEMALE > the Strange , which Ihave name Mikey , Ray-Ray , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . :) 
I wanna thank everyone for saying happy birthday and stuff . 
Sang so much I can barely talk right , stupid Rock band having to be addicting . 
Is coming coming slowly back from being sick . By the way ers are really deserted at three am . 
Tired still from yesterday walked a lot and ran alot , and for the records I hate partys that I'm forced to go to . Ask me later when i feel up to explaining if you want to know . 
Trying to do my homework but failing horribly 
Hotel < PROPFEMALE > Yankee 
Serria < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Lima < PROPFEMALE > Serria Serria Lima < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Papa Papa yankee 
Wooooooooooooooo ! 900 episodes of Raw Yay ! 
Nothing hurts more than betrayal . I mean if you think about it hurts less to be stabbed , shot or even thrown into a pit of spikes that are covered in acid . 
Sigh sigh sigh sigh sigh sigh sigh sigh sigh sigh sigh sigh sigh 
waiting , waiting waiting waiting 
My roomie has been working on her side of the room for over an hour , but is having an epic fail , she's making it worse . 
RAWR 
Is confuzziled with a side of delusion . 
I want a Nug . 
People on the 11th floor of Keene I hate your guts . You know what 1:37 am is the time your suppose to be asleep your morons . Thanks by the way for keeping us up . 
I need another story something to get off my chest my life kinda boring , I need something I can confess my sleeves are stained red by the truths I said . 
Stupid people need to know when to shut up . Really think about it . If you cause it , it's your problem and the world , no matter how nice it seems doesn't give a damn . 
I'm sleepy and too lazy to go to sleep . I need to work on stuff . I hate stuff . 
Alright people give me song tittles I'm bored 
< PROPFEMALE > Pigs = Nug , I want one . Give me one now damn it . 
Collage sucks , it's like highschool , only the stupid people make a secene instead of ignoring you . Also their is a lot more backstabing and lying . 
I'm a zombie now . YAY ! I've always wanted to be one . I'm so happy . My only regret is I didn't live to see mission two . oh well . I'll take down who I can when i can . :) 
Our Dorm sucks I swear that they are trying to kill me by turning off the lights at night 
sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy 
In class , but loving my computer . 
Wants to play xbox but is to lazy to bother turning it on . 
MWHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH ! 
I like it on my bed . 
Moments of unrest have lead us to a crossroads and I'm taking the path less traveled , while you take the path that has been tread many times . 
My fishie died today .... 
Working on a Humans vs . Zombies flyer for Electronic publishing . I think I'm having too much fun . 
Today I got into a fight with Cleverbot , in < PROPMALE > . Apparently , Cleverbot knows about the same amount of < PROPMALE > I do . FYI : I know nothing 
I think I might cry 
11 minutes for Zombie timer now 
Popcorn and Murders it's such a good friday night . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Stitzel and I are watching Scarey Movie Marthon YAY ! 
Evil evil evil evil evil evil evil moring , I don't like being up on sundays . 
I want it to be 8 now I wanna go to the PPV . 
I don't want to talk to you no more , you empty headed animal food trough wiper . I fart in your general direction . Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries . 
Antidisestablishmentarianism ...... Weeeeeeeeee ! 
Sitting in publishing class and trying to work on stuff .... not working out very will . Getting angry at photoshop and indesign for being difficult with me . 
I'm going to halloween party tomorrow dressed up like < PROPMALE > hardy which is why I have the hair . 
I did my make up like < PROPMALE > hardy . Yay ! I love how it looks . It took a while though . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Stitzel and me found < PROPMALE > on Monday Night Raw , sitting front row . As Pee Wee < PROPMALE > and Big show dance in the Ring ..... AHHHHHHHHH , I said the secert word . 
My day away from facebook seems not to killed me , Yay ! 
Watching Monday Night Raw 
Eatting at Powell with roomie and crazy people . 
I can't focus right now . I need to get sleep and I feel like I really didn't do any of my homework right . 
>.> 
Hisss why does this stupid thing not want to work , stupid EKUdirect 
I have offical lost one of my notebooks . I'm freaking out . 
Just finished paper . I hate writting papers . 
Never let them take you alive ....... 
SHHHHH , I'm at home , don't tell anyone . 
I'm a little happier today I got a knight Kiro and it's makeing me all warm and fuzzy on the inside . 
Smackdown was awesome Edge retained his tittle against Kane and Koffe retained his tittle against Ziggler . I got pictures which makes me happy . 
I'm tired and in pain right now . 
Freaking out right now ! 
Humans Vs . Zombies has come again . I'm not sure I want to play this time . 
Beware ! The Slender Man . Do not go out alone , be afraid . Be very afraid . 
Dunk people touched my arms . I'm scared and I must disinfect . 
Sleepy , but have so much homework , sigh ! 
I can't wait for tonight , I need to watch wrestling so that I can get my mind off of stuff . 
My roommate just got smacked up side the head by the wall . 
Not feeling good today . Wishing it was over now . 
My fishes is sick and I'm freaking out . 
Swing kid , Swing . 
The Raw GM has official made me sad . Curse you Gm for saving C . M . Punk . 
Psych homeworks is offical frying my brain . Why is it so hard to expain the basic ways of studing the brain . I just hope I can get this paper done soon . 
I'm sleepy and I want to sleep and I keep not falling sleep . Curse you bass from someones stereo or video game I can hear you through my head phones . 
I'm watching Smackdown kindaish , I think . 
< PROPMALE > Vs . Big show , I wonder who will win ? 
Poor Justy he just got himself hurt by the big show 
I'm so happy right now , so very very happy . 
I've dyed my hair black . 
Life is about choices , what you chose to do effects you future . 
Working on pictures of Edge . 
< PROPFIRST > Moe and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > are hard to draw . 
Strawberry 
I walked into the lions den , I'm kinda scared now . 
Can't breath 
I love the hallways . Even if they are noisey . I just got to last till Friday then I can go to sleep for a while . 
I wanna go home !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Working on a story that I've over worked already . 
My computer has died . I'm getting a new one sometime today . 
Playing Dragon Age 2 is fun , but I feel bad for Anders though they made him get rid of Ser-Pounce-A-Lot . 
I officially respect Snooki now , I might not like her yet , but hey she slapped < PROPFEMALE > and attacked Laycool . 
Current book I'm reading : the city of ash by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Thinking about posting photo's I found , but am very very lazy right now , might do it tomorrow . 
Alright facebook get ready to meet all the old photos I had from Highschool 
Who likes MCR ? 
Hanging out in the library , Weee ! 
It's time to do it now and do it loud . Killjoys make some noise . 
Thin mints and peanut butter , Yum . 
