2010 not long till the end . 

tryin ' to get out this hole 
Hellevangelists show in Philly July 25th . More info TBA 
is gonna move to the city and never see < PROPFEMALE > ugly faces again 
i need everybody's < PROPFIRST > because in a few days i will no longer have a computer or internet access 
trying to figure out detail on the upcoming HELLEVANGELISTS ( my bands ) show in philly on the 25th . stay tuned for details 
The Hellevangelists will be playing in philly on the 25th . A warehouse has been found . The address will be posted whenever i find out what it is , and get to some interwebs . 
philly show date changed or something ... just look out for some < PROPMALE > show called \carousel\ " or some shit . peace " 
Goin ' to philly in 6 days . prepare for hell to be raised . 
What am i thankful for ? < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Wal , Lockheed < PROPFIRST > , etc , etc . 
team destruction ' 09 ASAP lets fuck some shit up , brah . 
new year is starting off all right . < PROPMALE > headaches , but still alright . 
earlier i saw a picture from last night with my back from a distance ... now i cannot find it , and it makes me a bit unhappy . 
agh gad shits fucking WHAOH yeah . 
dude ... my plans today just got fucked . 
Internets whoah 
happy corperate lovemush guilt trip day ! 
I , for one , believe that the new trojan condom technology has advanced far beyond the oncomfortable chokehold it once was . God bless < PROPFEMALE > . 
PS . typo lol 
happy marijuana enthusiast day . i will celebrate by doing exactly what i would any other day . wow . 
theres no way that many peoples birthdays are on thursday . facebook is a liar . 
DIE ! 
awful wakedness . damn this world . 
I wish anarchists didnt piss me off so bad , because sometimes its so goddamn appealing . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcTpLSBKfpY 
I have a revelens shirt .. the one with the chicken ... zombie chicken ... adult large . trying to sell/trade . 
i was hungry , but then i ate two bites of food and i think i might throw up . is i gonna die ? 
Dollar taco's , affordable sunglasses , drunk girls on the bus . i swear if a couple girls flash their tits and i get a good karaoke night in and my vacation will be complete . 
50 cent wings at hooters . time to chow the fuck down . 
and now i wonder what i'm doing here ? 
I'm gonna send her a smiley face . bitches love smiley faces . 
just got my hand all scratched the fuck up for breaking up a cat fight . \ 
\ 
not even girls , real fucking cats ... some gay shit . 
cleaned and restrung my guitar . looks/sounds good . 
feeling pretty lonely right now ... 
this smiley face on my arm is killing me . almost thinking of cutting it off ... 
FUCKING FUCK SHIT FUCK 
what should i do right now ? i have no idea . 
my fingers are blistering , and i think i'm developing carpal tunnel , but i cant stop rocking out for the life of me . 
hah , now there's a stinkbug infestation eating crops . the insects are taking over . 
leaving baltimore tomorrow . whats going on for free tonight ? 
back in southern md for just a few hours , already miss the city . 
football and pizza all day . fuck yeh . 
ahhh shit , bored in bowie . 
i have had the most productive weekend i've had in a very long time . \ 
ps . my band is going to kick your bands ass . 
What do 4 out of 5 people agree on ? 
totally played an open mic last night . totally slaughtered my own song hahahah . 
of all the things i've lost ... my mind i miss the least . 
cant sleep . thinking too much to settle . fuck me . 
FUCK EVERYTHING FUCK YOU 
who wants to fight ? 
how is it that i've been playing this song on guitar for weeks , and now i cant do it AT FUCKING ALL 
Its mine ... ITS ALL MINE ! 
beautiful day . slight chill reminds me how much i love the fall . 
EAT . IT . BITCH . \ 
Its delicious . 
today i'll be looking at the < PROPFEMALE > studio's school of applied recording arts and sciences . \ 
should be some damn good times . 
should i go to annapolis for karaoke tonight ? 
Off to annapolis for karaoke , yelling at yuppies , and intercourse with inanimate objects . 
oh god dammit alcohol , stop kicking my ass . 
getting free weed and not having anyone to smoke it with ... kind of sucks . 
so much shit to study . so much work to be done . 
gad dammit i miss going to shows . 
SCHOOL TODAY ! and i have no idea what i just read two chapters of ... 
got a new book at school today and its fucking huge ... how am i supposed to read all of this shit ? 
whoo ! rockville , MD from 7-11 . i wont even be able to hit the bar before i have to head home . 
what to you call a rock musician without a girlfriend ? \ 
homeless . 
Who in dc wants to < PROPFEMALE > for a minute when i get out of class at 6:00 ? 
i miss some things . a lot . 
AHHHHH ! NO MORE CIGARETTES ! 
DOUBLE CHEESE BACON SUCKER ! 
i think my drummer stayed up all night . now he's asleep when we should be practicing ... what gives ? 
egh , repetition . 
i thought i finally forgot about some shit , then i couldn't help but think about it all day today . \ 
AHHHH GET OUTTA MY HEAD ! 
tonight i get to learn a little bit about copyright laws . 
Where the fuck is a lifeguard ? some assholes need to get kicked out of the < PROPFIRST > pool . 
i think i bit off more than i can chew . 
school work is giving me an anxiety attack . GO ME ! 
... nobody wants to be friends with someone else's girl , someone else's now . i woke up in someone else's arms , but i was dreaming of you . i woke up in someone else's bed , but i was dreaming of you . 
snake house for 3 punk bands or getdown for punk , and funk ? i'm too indecisive . 
savage badger vag's or shelter shock ? the mighty heard or < PROPFEMALE > sue ? \ 
hahah still haven't made up my mind . 
why are drummers late ? because they make their own time . 
KEG PARTY TONIGHT ! PARTYPARTYPARTYPARTYPARTYPARTYPARTYPARTY !!!! 
there's nothing left of me , i'm alone again on halloween . the evening just comes and goes , and there's no one left for me to hold . 
forgot my camera last night loldurr 
hard to have an eventful halloween with a missing phone and a wrecked car . 
LOST MY PHONE ! NEED EVERYONES < PROPFIRST > ! 
seriously , people . give me your phone < PROPFIRST > . i lost my phone on saturday . 
midnight baconator 
i miss baltimore ... mmmmyepthatsit . 
SLEEPING PILLS DO NOT WORK FOR ME . 
wake up early time to do work . 
< PROPFEMALE > CARBOMBS BITCHEZ !!!! 
i feel like a COMPLETE ASSHOLE sometimes worrying about people ... \ 
if you know i'm talking about you , please let me know you got home okay . \ 
i feel bad just leaving you , even though thats what you told us to do . \ 
god dammit . 
< PROPMALE > the fuck over . 
\I'm sorry about flipping that bus man . next time we're drinkin ' you should drive\ " \ 
whats going on in baltimore in the next few weekends ? 
why is it i wake up to my mom freaking out that i'm \unresponsive\ " ? \ 
EXAM TOMORROW ! I hope the part about signal processing doesn't kill me . 
You gotta take life cereally 
passed my exam yesterday . not doing alot today . 
whats going on , on this fine saturday ? 
How does one tell somebody what they probably dont want to hear ? 
i have no idea what to do with my sunday . 
TWO classes today ! 2-6 then 7-11 ! \ 
fuck yeah midnight metro ! 
It's been a looong fucking day . 
About to head out for the school thing . someone should call me around 6:00 when i get out ... chillage and shtuff . 
i know have a slight understanding of you midi synthesis works . i can make bad club songs now . \ 
feel jealous , bitches . 
i caught a stinkbug in an empty beer . this morning it was dead in the little ring of beer on the bottom . \ 
those bitches can't hold their booze . 
i think my brain exploded last night . 
i have dreams . you should get some too , cunt . 
full moon : now going to the graveyard with a guitar and shovel . \ 
DEAD serious . \ 
heheh get it ? 
writing resumes fucking sucks . 
eh ... bothered . 
knobs and buttons and shit . 
Looking for a guitarist willing to learn the songs i've been writing and make them better . i'll probably just play rythm or switch to bass . \ 
its rock and roll ... i guess punk , and we usually practice in bowie . 
WHO can get me a ride to baltimore on friday ? 
happy thanksgiving ! rape an injun ! 
thanksgiving dinner ? nah , rather sit home alone and surf the net . \ 
ballin ' 
watching Troma's War 
whats going on tonight ? something free-ish ? 
Trying to do something T'NOW!\ 
call me faggots . 
this take home exam is a bit tougher than they led me on to believe . 
I have officially retired from smoking weed before going out in public . \ 
I get waaay too boring . 
It's alright , i'll be at the bar like i always am . Thinking of you , and how much better it is to be here with my friend , the assholes , the drunks , the whores just like myself . I'm and the bar , there ain't a goddamn thing you're gonna do about it now . 
Oh my dear , i cut her up . 
time to start a new full schedule of shtuff . 
i haven't been able to work on my band in weeks . this disturbs me . 
CRACK ! SNAP ! CLATTER ! ETC ! you smell that pig , hun ? DON'T YOU GIGGLE YOU OOZING ZIT ! you'll be gone in the morning ... count your blessings , sugar . you won't have them forever . two , three , four times the flurry ? but why do you hurry ? another one bites the bacon . P.I.G !!! squeal . 
Whats that in the window ? WHAT IS IT ? a pair of empty eyes staring right at me ... It turns its head when I do , and when i look again they dart back ... Must be cold out there , in that chilly wind . \ 
Where did they come from ? What are they looking for ? AND FOR GOD ' SAKE , DO THEY HAVE A SOUL ? good lord , they must be cold ... \ 
Weary , tired eyes ... Like those of a broken man . Do they know me ? 
Hey guitarists ! Who wants to play lead in my totally awesome punk rock n ' roll band ? 
STILL looking for a lead guitarist . \ 
anyone at all interested ? am i wasting my time posting this all the time ? 
Somebody should hit me up after 6:00 and we can go get some beers or something . 
oh god , the hangover . 
some weird ass shit going on these days . 
fuck being sick . and fuck waking up an entire day later than going to bed . 
Jesus christ stop posting every hour , my news feed is five of your pointless comments in a row . \ 
and to the rest of yeh , die . HAH . 
whos trying to drive me to a bar and have a drink or two with me ? 
pint of guinness , 40oz of old english , tall can of yuengling lager ... \ 
... one man . \ 
if this doesn't get me there , i'll have to start drinking < PROPFEMALE > . 
And when i'm near to you I dont want nobody else ! ' cause I'm so in love with myself ! 
Somebody help me get beer . 
FUCK CHRISTMAS CHEER , DRINK SOME BEER ! 
saturday night spent recording some band ... it was supposed to be miss'fits but they didn't show and sent replacements . 
band practice ... i guess ? 
i wish i knew of a better website to watch tv on than hulu . 
metro people : stop pushing into the car when people are still exiting , and dont stop when you get two feet inside . theres a recording that plays every time the doors open , and theres more important things than you . 
duh-pressed . 
i have no school tomorrow ... wat i do ? 
whos trying to < PROPFEMALE > and have a few brews ? 
we love living in a dead scene . we love hating your pretty shit . you dont like us , but we're already use to it . 
Be careful what you think , be careful what you say , it might be used against you in court one day . 
of all the things i'd like to say , theres really no way to say it . 
the girls in suburbia are so fucking weird . 
the lunar eclipse was gorgeous . 
I've spent so much time working all this out , and there's still something missing ... \ 
oh well ... i gotta get ready for school . 
dear girl , why did you not talk to me on the metro then give me your number when we got off the train ? and what the hell am i suppose to say if i call you ? way to confuse a guy . 
passed both my exams today ... got MIDI in the morning ... i don't think i'm gonna go . 
who wants to < PROPFEMALE > ? call me fuckers . 
somebody come over and pick me up . bar or something , i dont care . 
drank . 
ROCK AND ROLL ! \ 
guitar wolf , brudder . 
I have this dream where a group of hot punk rock chicks all attack me and chop me up into pieces and eat my chopped up pieces ... its pretty fucking cool , if you ask me . now to decide between waking up or going back to sleep ... 
is death the final high ? 
goodburger on abc family . 
Weekend of alcohol abuse and bad decisions has finally come to an end ... but at what cost ? \ 
sorry < PROPMALE > . 
bored as hell . somebody talk to me . 
woke up feeling really fucking odd . wondering how this will effect my day . 
i'm starting to consider where i might move to next . anyone suggest an area with a good punk scene ? 
wake up feeling wierd , day 2 . 
some days i just don't know what i really need . 
if anyone in baltimore is going to the sidebar tomorrow night , me and < PROPFIRST > are looking for a place to crash out there . so hit me up and lets party . \ 
mah < PROPFIRST > 301-653-6049 
STILL trying to find out ... who at the sidebar show can give me and < PROPFIRST > a place to crash ? 
2011 , forget about heaven . \ 
saying goodbye to one of the best and worse years of my life . 
fuck yeah , keeping my phone off . being in contact with people is for suckers , anyways . 
ugh ... not ready to do this school thing again . 
long day . really tired . now my cats fucking with me . 
flying dog k-9 cruiser ? winter seasonal ? yes ma'am . 
ever pass out taking a shit ? i like to call it \king for a day \"" 
my biggest problem with what we do is secret : < PROPFIRST > west speaks entirely too clear and sober to be < PROPFEMALE > crash . 
why the hell does everyone else have 100+ pictures from new years when i have none ? i like trying to remember stuff too , dammit ! 
this thing ... i need to do ... TIME IS RUNNING OUT DAMMIT ! \ 
... i want more than a five year plan . 
whoo ! school ! totally not getting home till morning ! shits so gay . 
got out of school early . now wat do ? 
what the fuck happened to punk music ? 
get real , faggots . 
i don't think i've ever had breakfast this early in the morning , ever . now i get to ride the metro and do some gay midi shit . 
started shit with SO MANY people at hard rock . apparently people don't like being called faggots . hahah , fuck them . 
ugh , i don't feel like being awake at all . 
you're killing me , and you don't even know it . 
this is fucking retarded , and i feel like i'm wasting my time . \ 
angry . 
well damn ... i gotta figure out what to do next . 
Its amazing how dreams can be so different from one anothr from night to night , while being about the same thing over and over . \ 
i'm not even sure i'm awake now . 
uuuugh ... school . 
ATTENTION ! giving up american rights for a false sense of security is WRONG ! refuse random bag searches , for fuck sake . BE A FUCKING AMERICAN\ 
i get lots of shit . < PROPFEMALE > me . 
to all my supposed \friends\ " who actually loves me ? \ 
so easy to say you're a certain kind of person , harder to really be that person . still , some people become so shocking when you find out what they really are . 
well fuck me in the throat , i think my weekend is gonna be wasted on tv and oversleeping . 
i just found out that Flea played bass for 9 of the songs on the mars volta's de-loused album . mind = totally blown . 
I JUST WANNA FUCK ON THE FLOOR AND BREAK SHIT ! 
I'm so bored ... wtf . wheres beer ? 
wtf is an OPHIUCHUS ? whoever decided to add a new astrological sign should be beaten with a tire iron . 
god dammit . trying to sleep , but i cant get myself settled with this racket going on in my head . 
new computer ! time to music it up on this sweet piece of ass . 
dammit i need more motorhead on my ipod . 
If you really didn't give a fuck , you wouldn't try to prove it so hard . 
going to school and i feel like SHIT . 
WHO WANT TO FIGHT ?! 
fuck yeah free < PROPFIRST > thunders download . 
drunk . fuck you bitches . i'm starting to hate some of you , and i'm finally finding comfort in it . \ 
... bitches . 
What are people doing tonight ? 
what afucking boring saturday . someone hit my broke ass up . 
Yeah school recording project ! I hope whoever we're recording is fucking rad . 
Midnight < PROPFIRST > Thunders jam . 
HANGING BY THE SEAGULLS ! HANGING FROM THE GALLOWS ! SWINGING IN THE BREEZE DRIPPING SOMETHING ON THE STREET ! 
due to water main break , the water at my house is undrinkable . \ 
i just now found this out , and have been drinking the tap water all day . \ 
who wants to place bets on if i die or not ? 
oh chaos , you are the best alarm . \ 
... aaaand I'm OUT . 
NO MORE NOTHING ! 
well FUCK ME . its fucking snowing again . 
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! 
Drinking isn't a solution to all of lifes problems ... It is , however , a solution to sobriety . 
fuuuck yooooo foghats . 
had a shower and changed out the pins in my ears . feels fuckin ' good , man . 
i'm bored with wasting my weekends at home ... wtf southern < PROPFEMALE > , why cant you learn how to party ? 
mashed potatoes and corned beef hash ... TATER OVERLOAD ! 
they're already making a < PROPFIRST > beiber movie . i thought people usually waited for someone to die before they did that ? 
holy fuck , i woke up early 
school , then trying to get drunk . lets fuck some beers up . hit me up after 6 . 
just got home ... thought this night class was tomorrow , nah , it was tonight . now i'm drinking wine . RED FUCKING WINE ! theres no cold beer . i might cry . 
freezing rain last night , warm as shit today . my balls don't know where to go . 
SLIDE ! SLIDE ! PUT A LITTLE WIGGLE ON IT ! yeah , i like dat . 
lets get rowdy this weekend . whos down ? 
fux yeah ! waking up in 5 hours ! love y'all , see you in hell . 
oh man , fuuuck mornings . 
today was entirely too long . 
ugh , god . what an awful day . 
whats the plan for the day ? 
\thats one of the most ignorant things i ever heard \"- some dude\ 
if you don't think that cowboys cry , then you've never heard a cowboy song . 
anyone know whats going on with the deadpool movie ? all i ca find are bad mock trailers 
egh , i dont wanna do what i gotta . 
ah , self-sabotauge takes place . have i screwed myself ? have i learned my lesson ? will this destroy me or just make me stronger ? will i manage to have a drink before i pass out tomorrow ? the answers will show themselves when the time comes . 
i hope earth explodes today , so i never have to see your ugly faces ever again . love y'all , have a good'n . 
IT MAKES < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > HARD ! 
i need some good news , or some nice words . 
fucking ballsacks ... time to ride the metro with a bunch of pissed off rude morning people . fuuuuck me . 
anyone got some new rock n ' roll ? i'm getting tired of the same old shit . 
who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out for a bit ? i'm bored as fuck over here . 
WHO WANTS TO PLAY SOME ROCK AND FUCKING ROLL WITH ME ? \ 
looking for THE band . 
\i love it when i'm telling myself lies . \"" 
you suck . 
i ... dont even know where to start . 
SMOKE BATHSALTS ! 
whos trying to get together as a huge group one monday , get drunk , and beat up couples ? 
i know who i am , but who the fuck are you ? 
trying to celebrate anti-valentines after school today . hit me up ' round 6 fuckers 
seeing so many people walking around with flowers , holding hands , has started to make my blood boil . 
slide guitar ... so nasty , so good . 
gorgeous day . lets hope it stays this way . 
awesome weather today . if y'all aren't going out , < PROPFEMALE > missing some good shit . \ 
on a side note , just tried cloudbursting for the first time , took a fucking while but that shit works . 
this day is slow as hell . 
so a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar ... 
FUCK YOU ! g'night . 
i'm sick of walking to school in the fucking cold . i hate all of you . someone nuke the sun now . 
keep talking . 
drinking beer and listening to fear . 
< PROPFIRST > Fucking Thunders . 
rocking annapolis tonight . PAF MOTHERFUCKERS ! 
last night was fun . drunk words are sober thoughts ... I JUST SO HAPPEN TO LIKE CHICKEN SANDWICHES ! 
anything going on today ? i might want to < PROPFEMALE > out in my lakeside mansion . 
PARTY AT THE MANSION TONIGHT ! 
its a b movie kind of day . 
2 beers . tonight or tomorrow ? 
gotta git my protules shartification . 
guinness is a good dinner . 
sleep , then school . 
home from school . the rest of my day will be devoted to writing and drinking cold beer . \ 
like a boss . 
i have written a couple of the most badass songs ever ... now wheres a band that can put some tunes to this shit ? 
going to school and then realizing out you don't have class is fun . 
you ever been doing something super fun until a voice pops in your head and says \dude ... thats dumb\ " \ 
i miss the cracked city streets . 
Who's going to the screening of beetlejuice in baltimore tonight ? i'm trying to go ! 
so i ended up catching the end of the creepshow last night . and for some reason , i always assumed the singer would suck live , but she actually sounded uh-mazing . she's also super hot . would hit it . \ 
on a side note : < PROPFEMALE > , learn how to wreck at psychobilly shows . this is embarrassing . 
anyone remember when streetpunk was the shit ? what happened ? 
DRINK , GAMBLE , AND HUMP ! 
FACT : listening to the adolescents makes hair bleach work faster . 
you fuckers . 
JESUS CHRIST I'M BORED ! SOMEONE COME OVER I'LL GIVE YOU A BEER ! 
\I'll never trust myself again \"" 
Who wants to help me out with a ride to baltimore on saturday ? 
ugh ... dreams i had last night ... duno if i should call them nightmares , or just plain bad . either way , waking up exhausted kinda sucks . 
ALRIGHT ! I'm about to start the advanced course at school , so this is whats about to happen : This weekend i'm going to rage hard as fuck , then after its over , none of you will be seeing me for the next three months . shits getting serious . 
sometimes , after hours of working with the wrong tools , it comes time to call the quits . 
Whats happenin ' tonight ? 
i've felt like shit all day 
why do i puke when i'm completely sober ? 
shut the fuck up . self-loathing is a dead scene anyways . 
i need to figure out how to sleep at night without the risk of becoming an ambien zombie . insomnia's fucking my shit up . 
i think you old people are really boring ! and the only reason you don't understand our music is you don't like it ! 
man it would be so cool to be seeing the adicts show right about now . too bad i have school in the morning or i might be at the adicts show right about now ... FUUUUUUUUUUU- 
i wonder how it feels to become what you always said you hated ? 
i don't believe friends is the best thing on tv right now . \ 
i need something to do . 
someone bring be a beer and some company . i'll totally pay you back . 
anybody want a red futon ? getting rid of mine . 
gay fish 
dude ... i fucking rule . 
i played the wild zero drinking game last night , and i kicked its ass . 
i just woke up from a sex dream involving one of my friends ... don't know if i should be creeped out at myself or not . 
holy shit , i just got a real bed . i haven't had a bed in fucking forever . 
just got a free cd from The Strike Out Boys in the mail today . lets see if this fuckers know how to rock . 
about to drink my one beer and thaen i'm going to bed . god , i hate tuesday mornings . 
soldering is fun . 
about every 4 out of 5 people unknowingly have intestinal worms ... just putting that out there . 
goodnight , fuckers . 
we are impossibly strong . 
