Ah .. going home to see my boo 

I was so ready for the weekend on Monday morning 
Just got my new phone after the old one committed suicide by jumping in the bathtub over the weekend 
Keep the pimp hand strong 
Ignorance is bliss .... 
yay I get to go home and play in the snow .... I love my job 
So this is what it is like to experience hypothermia ?.... lovely 
I embrace the handicapped .... can't you tell ... just look at my friends 
Can't wait til Hump day is over ! 
Giggity Giggity Giggity 
hmm .... how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop ? 
An elderly man came in the office today and talked about the woman he's been married to for 60 years . He said that she gets more and more beautiful everyday .... I can't wait til I get old .... I can be delusional too 
crazy is contagious 
I'm a joker I'm a smoker I'm a midnight toker ... I get my lovin ' on the run 
is to do something different this weekend .... 
maybe it's all in your head ... but most of the time it's NOT 
enjoys the little things in life ! 
just bought my ticket for the music festival at ballard park ! 
don't rain on my parade 
sometimes it requires trial and error 
Bamchickawawa 
is finally NOT sick ! 
is mentally exhausted ! 
you just can't fix stupid 
Good food . Good people . Good times ! 
crazy runs in the family ! 
finally got some gravel !!! 
my mom came home with a new perfume and purse set .... she thinks that she is so cool even if she doesn't know who < PROPMALE > Hardy is .... lol 
I hear the thunder in the distance ! 
yep mom you was right ..... shoulda brought the jacket 
going to my first CPR class today ! this might be interesting .... 
finds that weedeating left handed can be quite challenging .... but at least my front yard doesn't look like swamp thing is gonna come crawling out of it anymore :) 
Is sitting in the theater waiting for the movie to start 
starkville is where its at ! 
is missing my bed like crazy 
margaritas at the Mexican restaurant with my best girl ! 
nailed the damn curb at mcdonalds ! 
jumping from the roof to the swimming pool makes a pretty good video 
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! It's been great !! :) 
misses my partner in crime ! 
getting my swim on tonight 
Off work for memorial day = awesome :) 
birthday cookout and QT with the family 
words for tonight : calm down ! 
wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are 
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option 
\To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment\ " \ 
if you can't convince them , confuse them 
~ * ~ Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind ~ * ~ 
I would love to put my hands around ur neck .... just to know what it feels like ! 
you ain't gonna miss your water until your well runs dry 
oh lawd my mom said those dreaded words to me yesterday : I want a Facebook ! 
you need to keep a helmet on that kid ! 
great night for a bonfire ! 
watching grownups with the lil bro 
on my way to Tennessee :) 
I thought < PROPMALE > was small .... come to michie TN 
onstar is awesome :) 
Just when I thought I couldn't top last weekend .... 
is an agent of chaos 
made it through work without hurting or killing somebody ... great day ! 
\The most wasted of all days is one without laughter . \ " e . e . cummings " 
open house for the Chickasaw Co . Regional Correctional Facility @ 10:30 AM TODAY .... open to the public ... come and tour the facility ! 
things aren't always what they seem 
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else ; you are the one who gets burned 
Question of the day : Why worry about things that are beyond your control ? 
saved by the weekend ! 
had a great weekend .. hopefully this week will be better than last week ! 
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live <3 
those who anger u control u 
is so excited right now ! 
got off work @ 2 ... yay !! gotta get a head start on my holiday weekend :) 
Life is change . Growth is optional . Choose\ 
wisely . 
God will never give you more than you can handle 
God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , The courage to change the things I can , And the wisdom to know the difference . 
God didn't promise days without pain , laughter without sorrow , sun without rain , but He did promise strength for the day , comfort for the tears , and light for the way . 
All people have the right to stupidity but some abuse the privilege . 
don't be all up in my kool-aid when you don't know what flavor it is ... 
gahlee ... is it friday yet ? 
\Do what you feel in your heart to be right ~ for you'll be criticized anyway . You'll be damned if you do 
\It's not the load that breaks you down 
\Be yourself ; everyone else is taken . \"~*~ Oscar Wilde ~*~" 
finally ! a much needed date night :) 
Sharpen up your teeth\ 
Your dreams are more than worth defending\ 
In a fight that's never ending\ 
Go on , go ahead and prove me wrong 
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on 
~ * ~ Some people come into our lives & leave footprints on our hearts . Others come into our lives & make us wanna leave footprints on their face ~ * ~ 
By three methods we may learn wisdom : first , by reflection , which is the noblest ; second , by imitation , which is the easiest ; and third , by experience , which is the most bitter . 
\A good character is the best tombstone . Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered . ~ * ~ Carve your name on hearts 
snow again ...... 
a wise man never knows all , only fools know everything 
maybe someday I'll be just like you and step on people like you do 
He who is not very strong in memory should not meddle with lying 
