TO all my friends and family everywhere . May you all have a safe and happy New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . Also , may you and your extended families have a healthy , happy and prosperous new year ! 

I hope everyone had their black eyed peas .. 
Will TCU win tomorrow night ? 
Been hurtin ' . Hope my back gets better tomorrow . I cant afford to be off work much longer . 
Whos gonna win the Heisman ? 
Watchin the Crapboys 
Stop Obamanation !!!! NOW !!!! 
I know I need to post a picture on here . I will do it this weekend . 
The Office even in reruns is the funniest shit !!!!!! 
The Cowbores look like their typical selves ... SHIT !!!! 
Tomorrow night a town hall meeting at 7 in richardson eismann center . healthcare and budget are on the agenda . 
I wanna go camping next weekend . anyone wanna go ? 
Support this woman . She is running for Governor and she is being supportes by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . The best candidate in last years election ! 
I see how everyone is ! i dont need this im going home ! 
a day of chores laundry , cleaning , garbage . all the fun stuff . 
just ate at < PROPMALE>'s! YUM ! Still the best pizza in D < PROPMALE > las ! 
About to go work in the yard . Any volunteers to help ? I dread doing it . I have benn putting it off for 2 weeks . I figured no rain . Why not ! 
Just got done with the yard . It was as bad as i expected . 
went to work for the first time in 4 days . god , what a mess . 
Who bought the Prez tonite . The double talk continues ! Stop this man , NOW !!!! 900 billion over 10 years !?? 
Did see the figure for the tea party in Washington yesterday . Liberal ABC estimates there was 2 million !!!! Do you think they see us coming ? 
question .. why do most of the people on here have their picture of themselves in a car ? 
What is wrong with the Chargers ? 
I'm bored . i keep dozing off . 
Come on Rangers !!! you gotta win this series !!!!!!! 
rangers lose .... im sad .... 
Let's start a movement to replace < PROPMALE > \golly gee whiz\ " Phillips with < PROPFIRST > \ " Opie Taylor\ " < PROPMALE > !!! LOL " 
I wonder < PROPFIRST > \no show\ " romo will do to redeem himself in the second half ? " 
GO to thir website if you dont believe me . americanpoliceforce.com 
Could the Chiefs pull out the upset ? 
Ambush at Arrowhead !!!! 
Dont you just love this weather ? I know I'm not . I have 5 days off .. I wish the sun was out . The weekend should be nice though . 
Man .. I know its early .. But the Mavericks look pretty good . 
Florida is lookin vunerable and texas has a pretty winnable game tonite . Will this the weekend when TX takes the #1 spot in the BCS ? 
Is this a statement game for TCU or what ??? 
Maybe TTU will make a strong comeback !!! 
Well it looks like no change at the top in the BCS 
How ya like me now !!!!!!! 
Are standing yet ? i wanna hear ya ! Stop the crazies in Washington . Before they turn us into Canada . Sure it's nice to visit ; but , would you want to live there ? 
Man what a beautiful day . Im glad I dont have to work . Unfortunately , for a change I have to work a Sunday 
the damn < PROPMALE > passed !! I hate this country ! 
Vote Republican next year !!!! 
I just heard ,,,,, More SNOW friday !!!!! 
i need to change my pic 
Could the Horns lose to the Huskers ?????? In Tejas ? We have aleady had a upset today , ( Tide over Gators ) . I would rather see TCU vs Bama . What a game especially ' round here . I got my fingers crossed for that game . Mybe it could be Boise St. interesting . Anyway , GO HUSKERS !!!!! 
Well those idiots in Washington are gonna subsidize abortions in the new health care < PROPMALE > . I tell you what these Neo-Nazis that are running this country . They will do anything to kill us off . 
The football landscape is a changin ' . to no surprise The steelers aren't gonna repeat . Favre is fadin ? Romo is holdin ' again ? PEYTON is unstoppable ! Can a rookie lead ateam to a title ? Bama v Horns in the title game ... intriguing . I pick Bama goin away . 
Im 1 step closer to Devry . Im know that now . It's the place for me . 
I'm enrolling in Devry on Saturday . I am excited and invigorated for the first time in a long time . I wanna succeed at this . I know this is gonna change my life for the better . 
Finally you guys can see the real me . So leave me alone about it . 
drinkin ' a shiner , eatin pizza , watchin the Cowboys . Is that the life ? 
Unfortunately , for me I lost both my opening rould playoff games in fantasy football . The forst time in back to back seasons . I feel kinda empty . Sad actually . Oh well i can focus on school now . 
I'm all set at school . I feel Great about that . Then when I got home my garage door got stuck . So , now I am sealed in ! I feel kinda trapped ! Tried to fix it myself ( unsuccessfully ) . But , I couldn't have made it any worse . It was already wedged in there . 
Christmas time is almost over . Thank God !!! I hate this time of year . Hopefully , next year will be a better one for everyone . I say that every year . But , I never seem to notice a difference . They all seem the same unfortunately . But , at least I have my dog . 
i had the best Chinese food in < PROPFIRST > . < PROPMALE > Wands . All I had was a big soup . 2 and a half hours ago ; and , I am still full . Amazing ! 
its < PROPMALE > wangs not < PROPMALE > wands 
You have got to check out the new GEICO ad . Forget the gecko . This one has < PROPFIRST > Daniels playin ' the fiddle . It Rocks ! 
I love it when these non BCS conferences beat up on the BIG BOYS ! GO UTAH !! Screw the BCS ! We should demand a playoff . 
zippadeedoodah-zippty yeah !!!!! 
Having tamales for dinner . YUM !!!!! 
Cleaning house today !! What fun .. later ,,,,,,,, paying bills ... Can you keep up with the fun ?!?!? 
well ... well ... well ... Urban Meyer calls it quits . Health reasons are cited . I wish him the best ! He will return . They always do . 
Urban changed his mind ... Cowboys won ! Maybe it is there season .... I will admit I was a doubter but they are playing well ... Next week their playoffs begin in The city of \ brothaly\ " love . " 
Can A&M pullit out ?? It looks like they can . I will predict that Favre will be shivering in the wind tonight in \Chi\ " town . Saints keep homefield . Pack ur bags all you Cowboys fans you will be playing 2 weeks from now in the \ " Cheesy\ " City . " 
This is sooooo wrong on so many levels !!!!! 
In skool the last 2 nites . tonite chillin . 2morrow back at it . gotta have 2 tests completed . the great thing is i can take them at home . sip coffee , answer a question . i feel as though i am cheatin . 
i finished my paper on the Gold Standard for school . I now believe that the folks in washington dont have our best interest at heart . Also , as much as I originally thought that the Colts would win the Superbowl . I am beginning to switch to the Saint's .. Blasphemy ! I am ashamed of myself . 
I need a par t-t ime job to help pay bills . Any suggestions ? Also , am currently looking for a sugar momma ... so if anyone's interested ... I can forward my stats to any suitors ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Medina is going to be on < PROPFIRST > Beck tomorrow !!!!! The best news ever !! Let's get the word out there folks !!!!! She stands for the end to big government ! We have to support this lady folks !!! Not < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hutchins or < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
well it was my birthday . its funny how uneventful they get as the years go by . then , finally you really dont want to acknowledge them . now i know why ladies stop getting older after 32 . 
i cant believe weare suppose to get more snow on Tues !? 52 degrees at the Olympics ! Go figure .... 
Its here already . Snow and rain . Typical Texas ! 63 dgrees at that ! 
How are your brackets holding up ? Mine are doin alright .. 90% But , thats after only one day . We will have to see . The odds are long .. I know . But , I like to dream about all the money I could win if it went my way . 
Man I know thqaqt most of everyone just took a HIT !! Kansas goin ' down to North Iowa ! Crazeee !!! Now it's up to Kan St. to represent . They are starting off SLOW . I need their help to keep one of my brackets alive . I should say relevant . The chances of winning are slim to none now . Thanx Kansas !!!! 
I went to the dentist two days ago . my teeth still hurt ! 
UPDATE : The dentist jabbed the needle so deep in my cheek . When I eat certain foods my cheek hurts . Crazy masochistic dentist ! But , at least now my teeth dont hurt when I injest something cold . Thats a first in a long time . 
Will Baylor pull off the win tonite . I think they can ! Go Bears ! 
Well the Dentist thinks I have trigeminal neuralgia . After reading the symptoms i think I might . I get the pain near my left ear . But , from what I understand its an easy fix . I hope so ! 
Butler ! pullin it out in a close one . well with that one i have no more good brackets . better luck next year . 
I was reunited with a old flame . I wonder if you should try it again . But , I was reminded of why we broke up . Lwft wondering if anything had changed within them . Should I revisit the past ? 
I know I took the last week off . i am not looking forward to going back ! I am ready to retire ! 
You Tube http://pondclean.netfirms.com/super_movies/ 
i can almost see them makin it to the western confernece finals . But , too many younger , more athletic , better coached teams . Besides , the NBA loves < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . He's had cancer . What A story ! It would be great theatre , if he came back to win a title . The caveat to all this is that < PROPMALE > gets to the finals again . If < PROPMALE > gets there which is probable . 
< PROPFIRST > has labeled me as a firebrand ! ilooked it up ; and , l like it ! By God I like it ! I am a FIREBRAND ! Don't you forget it . 
Sorry about the grammar 
I just got out of economics 312 . My professor when addressing the different political ism's . Suggested that Gorge Bush had a facist slant to his administration . Also , he admitted to being involved with derivative funds . I don't know what to think . 
Why di they portray all men as being gay in Progressive ads ? It is so irritating ! And that < PROPFEMALE > girl in the ads gets under my skin in a bad way as well ! 
I am watching a E : 60 special on MJ's motorcycle team . It is government sponsored . By the National Guard . You have got to be kidding me !!! Claiming he makes nothing out of it !! I smell b.s. 
for the record I think northern Giant is gonna win the Preakness today . Sorry Super Saver . 
guess we can all say goodbye to < PROPMALE > . Not me .. Nowitski 
The US lost to the Czech Republic ! 3-2 it doesn't bode well to me in the world cup . 
I have a question posed to me in economics class . here's the question ... What is the \current macroeconomic situation\ " ( e.g. worrying about inflation and/or recession ) in the U.S. ? What should the U.S. Congress and the Federal Reserve do about it ? I want to get a collection of opinion's before i get started . Let's really give it to those liberals !! " 
Again with therhetorical quesitions ! Question : [ 1 ] What is the \current macroeconomic situation\ " ( e.g. worrying about inflation and/or recession ) in the U.S. ? [ 2 ] What should the U.S. Congress and the Federal Reserve do about it ? Lets give em ' some answer's ! " 
i am watchin the tv and passing by seeing < PROPMALE > woolery shuckin ' sunglasses and bashin ' em w/ a hammer on shopnbc 
this is pretty funy ! \ 
http://www.fuckthesouth.com/ 
i was surfin the internets and found this radical display of justice ! Convict can go to Disneyland ... Only in liberal WA . \ 
http://www.spokesman.com/stories/2010/jun/12/convict-granted-disney-detour/ 
Got to go to court today at 1:30 for speeding . Im nervous that the cop will show up . I feeling he will show . I will take defered adjudication if that is the case . Any suggestions ? 
And we thought our goverment was corrupt I dont think we could top this . Funny thing is there were only 88 member in attendence . The < PROPMALE > passed 449 aye 0 nays . \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=780QhIOQ3TA&feature=player_embedded 
This is freaking hilarious !!!! http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_PxZyE6Jgabo/TBoSwu-FdbI/AAAAAAAAdg4/w8XwbNitJHA/s1600/theo4.gif 
Watchin the longgest tennis match in history . it going on 9 hrs . yes 9 hrs . the 5th set 6 th hr . crazy the guys hardly look like they are breaking a sweat . on top of all this the game is a continuation from a game played between the two yesterrday that was called because of darkness ! 
Deciding on where to move once I get my degree . < PROPFEMALE > suggests San < PROPMALE > . I don't like the liberal politics . < PROPMALE > thinks Fla . My mom TX of course . My dad would have said NY city for one year . I have thought about this quite a bit lately . I think I want to move to ID , WA , UT , AZ or MT . I think I am leaning more to ID . We'll see . 
Cruisin 
I do not like this Uncle < PROPFIRST > ; I do not like his healthcare scam . \ 
I do not like when Congress steals ; I do not like their secret deals . \ 
I do not like this speaker < PROPFEMALE > ; I do not like this \YES WE CAN\ " . \ 
Just got back from my first counseling session . I am a lot more relaxed now . Not so anxious . Getting my life back together so I can be my old self again . 
Just got back from my physical . All I know at this time is that my EKG is normal . 
\Men always want to be a woman's first love – women like to be a man's last romance . \ " – < PROPFIRST > Wilde " 
Need help with quadratic equation . Any helpers out there ? 
I have come to the conclusion that my Aspergers is worse than I imagined . I went to a play and could not to relate . I liked the music ok . I even found myself looking at the structures on the ceiling or watching the lightining guy . But , I guess the meds are making me change the way I view things . I finaly felt good today ! Thats a break through !! There is light at the end of this tunnel !!! 
I say that because now I am more conscious about my actions . I now realize what I jerk I have been . I apologize to all !!!! 
I was thrown off the roof of a cathedral early this morning . I was dueling a demon . My back is killing me . I should be fully recovered by < PROPFEMALE > so I can go on and fight again . 
well ... its official i suck at math . going to have to do something ! 
The problem with < PROPFEMALE > is stupidity . I'm not saying there should be a capital punishment for stupidity , but why don't we just take the safety labels off of everything and let the problem solve itself ? 
i notice on days that I dont work i enjoy coffee much better . i dont know if the quality or actually enjoying the coffee buzz without actually having to use the energy . its kinda euphoric when i brew my own at home . can actually get things done around here . 
Happy 30th Caddyshack !! In what's probably the furthest thing from < PROPMALE > Loggins , ( Director ) < PROPFIRST > Ramis originally wanted the ' Caddyshack ' score to be made up entirely of Pink < PROPMALE > songs . 
< PROPMALE > Woolery is hawking a expandable < PROPMALE > on shopnbc .... 
thinking of ditchin the celly and going with the magicjack . any thoughts ? 
Lets hear it for the Ryan-Greenburg group !!! Now they are saying they are going to keep < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !! 
Whatchin ' the ' boys ! T.O. turnin it on ! Ocho Cinco doin ' his thang ! Tis becoming that time of year leaves fallin ' , chill in th air , touchdowns scored on Sunday afternoons . Everyone favorite time of year ! 
Facing a lot of red tape ! 
Now that the red tape is eliminated ! I am free at last ! Feeling like I would like to see a movie . That is the first time I have said that in a longtime . Better yet I wanna make a movie . Maybe I can make one of those $ 3,000 movies that end up making a million . 
30 mins . to kickoff . Go Chargers !!!!! Take the spread !!!!! For some reason I love to hate the Cowboys !! With their oddly reptilian looking owner . The head coach thqt looks like he's pregnant with quintruplets ! A quarterback that thinks he's professional golfer . consistently , media whore wide outs ! One dimensional Offensive Coordinator . If you need me to go on I can . 
A tatted up Census person just came to my door . When I say tatted up I mean it . Did I answer ? No ! She scared me ! 
Its official ! jump off the rangers bandwagon now !!! Hamilton is out for an extended time . return unknown . < PROPFIRST > is out for at least 2 weeks . the september swoon is on !!! 
was just watchin back to the future . i never noticed that the scene where < PROPFIRST > j fox nd his girl friend are in the town square . in the back ground the movie thetre is a xxx movie theater showing american orgy . also there is a pinks nude review show on the same town square . what a crazy , fun lovin town they lived in . 
michigan just beat notre dame at notre dame . 
im bored . any one doing anything exciting 2nite ? 
Does anyone know someone with a < PROPFEMALE > ? if so were they happy ? 
Ranger Win ! 9 games til they clinch ! 
? Since I've Been Loving You Led Zeppelin Led Zeppelin III Rock < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE >/< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Plant , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Jones/ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Jones/ < PROPFIRST > Plant Rock 7:23 
i love the subtle squezky wheel in the background . 
You know I almost forgot 3 months sober . I mean i had 1 beer . But i relly didnt really enjoy it . Sure I have cravings sometimes . But , I FEEL so much better !! I never want to go back to that liofestyle ever again . It is not worth losing my sobriety or my sanity ever again . Thank you Dr. Smith for guiding me down this new path of discovery . I'm an Aspie and damn proud of it !!! 
Was watching a episode of Hollywood Squares . For the block and the win the shows producer , Whoopie Goldberg . Was asked the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > quote , \ World workers ... \ " . With Whoopie dancing in her chair to the easiest of questions . She yells 
Its official I am going to Argosy University . studying for my LCDC then on to get my LMFT . However , I am also tempted to I am conflicted I am thinking of the pastoral counseling instead . My life has changed since I found out I am an Aspie . So many explanations for my past . However my real ambition is to educate , and assist people with this complicated disorder . 
Is anyone else watchin the surprising Aggies at Stillwater ! 
In the end it wasn't really a surprise . they came roaring back in the end . lost by a fieldgoal . Too bad so sad ! 
What a sad one for the Aggies . They came roaring all the way back only to lose by a fieldgoal in then end . 
It's perfect and fitting that the Presidential Seal fell to the ground during Obamas speech at an event last night . How fitting . Even his appointment seal wants nothing to do with him . For the record , that has never happenned before to any President 
the Cowboys play like boneheads ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has been sacked 6 times . Picked 3 times . God I love it when they play bad ! i then to win today in a fantasy league and they cant help me out ! After a bye week at home . Give me a break ! They were preseason favorites to win the division and host a Superbowl ? How bout them Cowboys ! ? 
I have to remind myself that the fact I have Aspersger's is not something that I should have to apologize for . In fact , I think that some of the people in my life should apologize to me for not understanding my condition . In all honesty , I am a happy person ! I feel healthy and strong ! The fact that my life and my place in it are not in there proper places is something I am slowly gaining control over . 
Those who < PROPFEMALE > to give up freedom in order to gain security will not have , nor do they deserve , either one . ” ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
i am having a discussion with a friend . i contend that when Jesus returns he will be upset with us and possibly destroy us because failed to defeat evil on our own . Instead of allowing to be in our midst . He on the other hand contends that Jesus would apologize for creating the Devil in the first place . Your thoughts .... 
I am a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Im in a place of transition . away from the world that we live in now to my new world . I am struggling with things that the outside world has no idea what they are talking about . I know my views are foreign to most . This why i must make my own crusade to at least plant the seed of understanding . Not just between NT's and Aspie's . But also repairing families and people's lives . It's not as cut and dry as most think . 
Does anyone know if they have ever heard of someone that died a early age becuse all they real like to eat was steamed broccoli , cauliflower , sweet potaoes 6 days a week ate oatmeal with 1/2 a fresh diced apple . Granted I eat a think small pork chop with it . But the following is a sign of Aspergers . So if you know someon that is really routine about their meals . 
Man ! was I wrong ! You can officially throw dirt on the Cowbores ! Now the house cleaning can begin . Who will be Jerrys new lackey ? < PROPFIRST > Favre will not quit ! GO JERRYDOME !!!! Who will attend the game now ? Any picks on the particiapnts now ? 
I know I have been hard on the Rangers in the past . However undeserved though it may have been . But I have to give it to this young group of kids . If they can beat the damn yankees ! They deserve a huge parade ! I never would have thought a World Series title could reach north TX . 
New prediction the Cowgurls will have already won their one game of the season . 
I went to vote today . i have to admit I voted for as many libertarian candidates as I could . But I vote for a few repubs . Sorry Dems not a vote . Also here we had a vote on sale of alcohol in all grocery stores . selling land from a couple parks I said no to . 
Well its halloween . I am at home dressed in costume with nowhere to go ... If anyone is interested in what my costume is ? Well , I will tell you anyway . It is that of the hermit or a monk . It kinda depends on your perspective I guess . Its a robe and slippers . And if children come to my door looking for < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I have an idea for a new seasonal flavor egg nog and peppermint ice cream . 2 holiday favorites in each bite . 
I might try some cocoa powder .. let me see . 
I must be getting old i like the feel of flannel and a cup cocoa before I go to bed innot even a really chilly nite . 
i dont know if any of my friends on here watch F1 . But , the final race in 2 weeks is Abu Dabai . Three drivers are still in title contention and it will be decided in that race . Go < PROPFIRST > Webber ! 
Its official I hate my friggin neighbors . My next door neighboor always gives me dirty looks ! Then the one across the street came within inches of running me and my dog over , and I was right on the curb and there was plenty of room to the center stripe ! no wonder I dont talk to these jackasses ! 
I dont know if any of you watch the terriers ? I think its a great show and would say its my fave next to the office ! 
OO bad so sad for the Baylor ladies . But congrats to UCONN for the ladies winnning numer 80 ! Geno what a recruiter . UCONN what a streak second to only UCLA men ! WOW ! 
ok thats it with the stupid game son here . There is no end .. It drives me insane ! To hell with farms , frontiers , cafes , college towns , islands , etc . The hell with all of you ! 
I have been walking 2-4 < PROPMALE > 4 - 5 days a week . I feel better thatn ever ! Besides its nice to put on a size 36 again . Those are age losing their fit . Soon enough I will be back down to a 34 . Sober for 5 months on top of that ! I want to thank the doctors . Knowledge really is more than half the battle . 
after blocking and stopping myself from logging on here to play those stupid games ... I find I have a lot more time ... Amazing 
Nevermind it was Colt Brennan . Big difference . 
True Grit remake alert ! A < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > original . With < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Bridges . Come On ! You can remake all the movies you want I guess , ; but , you don't remake a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > movie ! 
My 2 favorite meals are : oatmeal with green apples and brown sugar , and pork chop and a baked sweet potato with sour cream , butter , and brown sugar . Its like the holidays all year round ! 
been trying to consolidate my itunes for hours . i forgot a password . So frustrating ! I knew some songs were missing but where sis they go ? Gotta have my tunes for studying . 
dealing with burauecratic b.s at school . they wanted me to take a assesment test for a class i have already placed out of of . If I failed i would have to retake a math class !!! But I think I may have escaped . havent heard back . pray for me 
Got a new job 2day !!! Getting a new job in the medical field ; and , no its not selling the pills at the counter of convenient stores , or something of that ilk . I am going to be doing something to help save people's lives . Oxygenation primarily through C-PAP and B-PAP . Oxygen monitors and portable oxygen . I'm excited !! 
25 degrees and its still snowing ! I love it ! I havent worked however in 7 days ! I got paid today ; but , the store isnt open . i dont know if I wanna drive to get there to pick it up anyway . I need direct deposit . At my new job I am signing up ! Monday at last I start my new job . However I am concerned about Monday .. more snow in the forecast 
Lost my new job today . After only 10 days there . My coworker there was insufferable . She was a self proclaimed bitch . Announced in only my second meeting with her . Her hefty frame I'm sure helped her through her insecurities . Upon arrival at work that was when I was told . After a 45 < PROPFEMALE > . commute . I have a feeling my revelation of my Aspies was my demise . 
Now thaam not working , I would like to ask to see if anyone needs any assistance , or volunteer , let me know . 
Does anyone one need their yard mowed , leaves raked ? I need to make some spare money 
I am increasing in m y beauty . Soon like the phoenix I will rise , rise , rise up from these ashes . Soar , soar , higher , higher , fly . TIill I am hovering higher than the highest point . At that point , I will relaease the hounds ! 
I think AZ will come thru ! 
I too am contemplating ending this FB thing . It is really pretty silly , besides it is such a time kill . 
As some of you knwo I have not had a job sonce < PROPFIRST > . I am going to school full time in June . daily I will also be posting about Asperger . And they will be interesting i hope you watch and like . 
I know when I die , I am going to ask that my body be taken to a bicycle shop , and my face made into a girls bicycle seat . 
I am so disappointed that i am too old to donate sperm , the cut off age is 39 . 
Good news I mowed a yard today . Bad news i think I got bit by a spider on the ankle . Hurts to walk . Good news , the guy who's yard I mowed , wants me to work for him at the Guitar Show ! All weekend ! I only have to work half a day ! Rock and ROll !! With other gigs to follow , the guy owns his own snack food company . 
Today is the first day for the rest of my life . Over the last month I have allowed myself only pizzas on Fri . night . no other fast food . The results after 8 months of walking 2 < PROPMALE > 5 times a week . i went for a 4 mile walk and a 1 mile run . I wasnt even that tired . I have decided my new goal is to run the < PROPFEMALE > trail 5 mile run in May ! I wanna win it ! 
I worked the Guitar show at < PROPFIRST > market Hall . It was interesting . At least , the people . Every tatooed individual in < PROPFIRST > was there . Furthermore , I felt more isolated . I saw all these couples and felt more isolated . Fuck you Asperger's! 
It was nice to get the rain this afternoon . Come on rain we need it !! 
Watching comfortably from the sidelines : in my recliner , listening to music , watching tv , and drinking my beer . Whilst the rest of the world spiral further and further from the reality that I used to be a part of . 
I am reserving the right to not serve anyone , but the Lord ! 
When God made me He didn't use a mold . I'm FREEHAND baby ! \ 
The road to my hell is paved with your good intentions . 
I am looking for my birth parents . I need identifying information . I am so frustrated . i just want to met my mother/father . i dont care necessarily about meeting them . Although that would be nice . 
Just got back from my 1st Aspie meeting . Someone suggested it might be depressing . I had fun . We just talked over each other and ate pizza . Sang \ 
American Pie ! 
I really screwed up ! I have not had fast food for 7 or 8 weeks and i broke down out of laziness and ate Subway ... Oh well , I will just have to work out extra hard tomorrow . 
