I'm done with HW yay ! 

Woo I got e-mail from teacher saying I aced the test 
Im addicted to Mafia Wars 
Oi do i hate homework , i have a english portfolio thats due this friday and i only just started . 
=( Im sick !! =( 
New picture . 
Help ! I've fallen and I can't get up ! Should all senior citizens have Life Alert ?? 
im bored haha im going to watch videos now on youtube .. i love youtube too 
<-- Check out my new picture , pretty cool :) 
Vacation was so much fun . We have to do that again , to bad we have no pictures though . 
My birthday is in 3 days ! woohoo ! 
Waffles are so much better than pancakes . 
5 days 6 hours and 28 minutes until summer , cant wait 
good weekend started with sunsplash right into hangtown into being hella tired 
didnt get to say final goodbyes to everyone i know :( 
Went to 2 parties in 2 days and is really tired 
got his wisdom teeth pulled 3 days ago and his cheeks are really swollen 
I miss my friends even though im probably gonna chill today at bel airrr 
im tired i stayed up till 5 then slept till 10 then stayed up till 11 
somebody text me . seriously , im bored 
i get to spend the night all alone cuz my sister is going to a party and none of my friends can < PROPFEMALE > out 
no you dont say that part hacacacacaa 
my camera is refusing to work with the computer 
leaving on monday for a week of dirtbiking , awesomeness 
i stepped on a sparkler with no shoes or socks and i burned my foot , i also cut the back of my knee trying to get in my jeep . but it was still fun and happy 4th everyone ! 
i think my big toe and part of my foot is broken cuz i was being stupid and went too fast on my dirt bike :( 
waffles are better than pancakes and red bull is better than monster 
X games rock 
its goin pretty good 
If your from africa why are you white ? 
sup freshmen 
Manbearpig simply wants to get you , im super , duper cereal ! 
roar 4 days of summer 
i been thuggin ' all my life 
Don’t drink water , fish have sex in it . 
Sporks out . 
so whats goin dowwn ? 
got me an awesome new picture :D 
Ghetto 
they need a white independence day 
getting shot with high powered air soft really hurts 
i need to be in more pictures with my amigos 
why is there no hug a white person day ? 
Im thinkin someone should comeover this weekend and chill for a bit on friday or saturday 
this weekends gonna be beast 
needs more rain 
Summer has come and past , the innocent can never last , wake me up when September ends . 
i wanna stargaze on my roof and listen to my ipod 
we had a dinosaur sub in english today 
Im doing the truth thingy so like this 
Giants r beastin it up 
well that didnt last long 
Why is there school tomorrow again ? 
Black Ops time 
7th period is bomb i want mr axtell to teach health lol anyone else ? 
i want to ride my dirt bike .... lol 
3OH ! 3 is the best band ever . better than Sum 41 Reese < PROPFIRST > lol 30 seconds to mars is better too 
I'm sucking so much ass at brickbreaker on my phone right now its pissing me off 
Its official . I HATE brickbreaker . Goodnight . 
well this sucks haha 
just went 58-5 on hanoi 
\two kings\ " \ 
Im so sick of all these Asian groups . How come theirs no other race groups ? So racist nowadays . 
Zombieland is amazing , i shit you not . 
Why is ms. Keegan at the same resturant as me ? Wtf 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
I havent had a new status in a while . 
I havent had a status update in a while . 
schedule :\ 
1st < PROPMALE > Cavanagh\ 
7th PE gasper 
whats the math homework for Mr. Durbrows ? it says two things on schoolloop and idk which one to do 
just saw a brand new Audi A8 in the bel air parking lot 
Can you say Russian soldier's shoulder holsters three times fast ? 
The truth is .... 
\And it will be like a taco inside a taco within a Taco < PROPFEMALE > that's inside a KFC that's within a mall that's inside your dream ! \"" 
