is pretty much proud of herself for making an awesome new hand sign phrase . Ok , so not new , but if I took two semesters of ASL I might as well use it right ? Yay fingerspelling ! 

is gonna watch a movie , then hopefully go to bed sooner than usual , then do another wonderful 12 hr work shift . Woohoo :-| 
It feels later than 10:24 . Hmm . 
is kinda excited about the weather . I love lighting candles . :D 
is excited for Wednesday night . I think I'll write a song about it . 
is trying to decide ... I can go curly tonight and keep my hair up ... or straighten it , god forbid in this heinous weather , and allow it to curl back up again from the sweat , thus wasting 3 hrs of tedious time . Well , thats a hard decision :-| 
Is stuck . I can't find my keys ! 
doesn't know what she should eat . I need halp ! 
Maybe all I need is a shot in the arm ... 
Ah ... cleaned up after a horrible day at BW ... its like washing away sins in a lake baptism . 
He asked why I'm a baby monkey . Why ? Because . 
is jammin ' to the new Yeah Yeah Yeahs cd ... why did I wait so long to buy it ! Why didn't I go to the concert ! Sigh ... 
getting ready for work . Ugh ... 
just watched a pretty freakin ' awesome show on PBS about music and the brain . Its on again at midnight so watch it ! 
OMG ! I think < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > just died !!! 
ugh ... I hadn't had McDonalds in such a long time ... then I screwed up . I ate it . Now my stomach is heading a coup d'etat with my digestive system . Never again ! 
Ugh . June went by way too fast . Oh well . Nap time ! 
My car key broke ... somewhere ... maybe in my ignition ... otherwise some evil gnome did it when i wasn't looking ... damn those evil gnomes . So spiteful . 
is in total LOVE with the new Wilco album ! 
is jammin ' to < PROPFEMALE > Spektor . Ah I love music ! 
can't figure out her new phone . Ugh technology ... 
is exhausted from work . Ugh I need a nap ! 
SRSLY ? Hungry again ?! 
is doing laundry and all things productive today ; yesterday I spent way too much time watching turner classic movies in my bed and napping . Actually , that sounds pretty good right now . Screw productivity . Its summer ! 
Hangin ' with ppl before my two week trip ... yay ! 
is in D.C. :-D 
After walking almost 2 mi . through a busy d.c. suburb searching for kfc , my dad has definately lost his opinion priveleges for the rest of this trip . Well , at least I can now say I've had authentic peruvian food . haha 
is missing her friends and the ability to do anything spontaneous . Sigh ... 
Spent waaaaaaaaaay too much time watching True Blood last night/ this morning ... and i think i had a dream about vampires . Alas , < PROPMALE > wasn't in it :( All I can say is ... * sigh * < PROPMALE > ... ok , I better stop . haha 
Yeah , its Friday , and I'm not excited . All my money just went to bills . Boo ! 
1 wk in Miami = 40% increase in spanish fluency ... lol jk ... maybe ? 
Oh my ... I think I may be sick . 
Man these rice cakes are addicting .... 
So I like iCarly ... Don't judge me :-| 
The Food Network is the Devil , I have concluded . Ace of Cakes makes me wanna sin . 
Falling Asleep to ' Let the Right One In ' = A+ 
why am I always so hungry ! * sigh * time for ramen :-| 
Boo hiss work ! 
Yeah Yeah Yeah's yep :D 
Ugh Homestyle Bakes .... I ate too much and I think I'm going in a coma right about ... 
is attempting to narrow down MT internships ... this is gonna be hard ! 
Trying to decide whether she should get a new job ... and when ... while , simultaneously playing guitar and singing < PROPFEMALE > spektor . 
Meteor shower + Bats + Guitar + Friends = Awesome Night Driving Back and seeing a troll-like figure walking @ 3 am in the middle of Haskell .... now that't just freaky ! 
I'm so frustrated I can't even begin . Not on here , anyways . I'll write a note about it , eh ... 
is thinking it's time for a new car . After I get the locksmith to fix my ignition , I may just drive my car right into < PROPMALE > Lake :D 
FREEDOM !!! 
now has a near irrational fear of basements when it rains . FML . 
I feel pretty darn good now that I worked out . Now my goal is to do this weekly ! 
is feeling dizzy today . Uh ... time to eat ? 
Ah ... what a beautiful night ! I would do my homework outside but I don't think that's gonna work out . 
needs sleep . But first ! True Blood ! 
Seriously ?! Onto kid #19 ?! WHY ?!!! I think I'm just gonna start calling her the child hoarder . 
is woooo ! bored . 
just realized she forgot how to shop . Thank you recession . 
time for < PROPMALE > , my favorite serial killer :) 
thinks its gonna be a hilarious weekend :) 
enjoyed the weekend with < PROPFEMALE > famille :) 
downloaded a bunch of kids ' songs to her media player ... all I can think of now is , \ I can never have that thing on shuffle again . \ " :| " 
is really really really angry and sad that she can't find her camera ... basically I think someone stole in from my own house . Ugh I am disgusted with humanity . 
doesn't wanna go to work ! 
is at home ... annoyed with a sore throat and achy body . :( 
just got done watching 6 episodes o.f Dead Like Me . Do I feel like I wasted time ? Heck no ! I just saved a bunch of energy and accumulated much needed laughter . :D I suppose I will clean now . 
ugh , the week goes by almost too fast !!! 
just tore her computer apart , then put it back together ! Now it works ! Woohoo ! Take that geek squad ! 
is gonna watch more Dead Like Me ; then time for working on my treatment plan . Wait , shouldn't the rewards be AFTER the task ? Apparently not in my world hahahaha 
is watching the colony ... interesting show ... 
Fridays = $$ 
is watching < PROPFIRST > Mayer on < PROPFIRST > City Limits ... sorry < PROPFIRST > Lavin , but tonight , he belongs to me : 0 
Why am I watching football ? 
is studying for her Vocal Ped class . Eh ... 
The Goldfrapp station on Pandora = A+ 
really just wants a full night's sleep . 
is so ready for sleep ! 
can't decide what to eat ! 
Is learning some spanish from Handy Manny . 
wants to know ... why can't I just lay in bed right now and watch PBS . Sigh ... 
wants to know why no one can make a decent horror movie . She also wants to know why they keep trying . 
Mmmmmm .... Paul Rudd . 
finally found her keys @ < PROPFIRST>'s Deli . Now its time for some apple cider ! 
Leave it to < PROPFEMALE > to put things on the air that any tasteful show host would not . Its so weird I can't even stop watching it ... 
would seriously consider buying a Snuggie if it didn't make people look like Jedis ... 
Nap time 
needs to stop playing with the ball and instead , get back on it ;) 
Meteor shower tonight ! Wooo ! 
wants to know what is it about coffee that makes my tummy hurt that tea or chocolate doesn't have ... 
is having a wonderful nighttime snack of tea and biscuits :) 
is so ready for a beautiful beautiful thing called slumber . 
Woooo ! 
is pretty excited that IFC will now be airing Arrested Development re-runs . I still have hope that some day , the show will come back , but for right now , I'll savor this moment . 
Who's up for a horrible movie Halloween fest this Saturday ?! 
I wish I could get into people's heads just so I can figure out why they do what they do and why they do it to me ! : z 
Today sucked ... fo shizzle ... 
is gonna rock this voice ped class , then eat , then sleep . Ah , sleep ... 
wooooo ! 
Time to straighten my hair ... I'll be back in the real world in t-minus 3 hrs ... ;) 
is going to take a nap before going to sleep . Yep , thats right :o 
I celebrate myself , and sing myself . 
Thursdays : Babysitting < PROPFIRST > Lavin Night ! Mwuahahahaha 
is awake , thanks to el mez and a wonderful violin concert last night . Can't believe I went to sleep at 930ish ... * shakes head * 
is watching legend of the seeker . Do not disturb . 
doesn't particularly like Sunday nights ... in between laundry , practicing piano/voice , homework , and in dire need of cleaning her room . That's what I get for being a bum today ! 
is super stoked about having a night all to watch Arrested Development . Wooo ! 
is so bored she is thinking of watching Twilight . Someone save her . 
is bummed she couldn't go to the music therapy conference . Everyone have fun ! 
1 . Pay Bills 2 . Nap 3 . Eat Sushi 
Drank way too much coffee for no reason . I think I'm having an adverse reaction :\\ 
Wants to know ... how is a second measured ? Really , how did that start ? And why does it feel like it's gotten \faster ? \ " Cuz last week I could've sworn it was October and now its the middle of November . I can't believe school is going so fast ! " 
I just got my answer : the second has been defined to be the duration of 9,192,631,770 periods of the radiation corresponding to the transition between the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the caesium 133 atom . UM ENGLISH PLEASE ?! LOL ... 
slept 12 hrs and is still extremely tired . I'm afraid I'm going to get sick ! 
Has a headache . Boo hiss ! 
is lazy .... but not too lazy to get up and turn the channel from grays anatomy . 
forgot how much she loved sparkling water ... and how much it makes her burp . Oh well :) 
Farmers Ball tonight ... anyone wanna go ? 
Is enjoying the saturday morning off and getting some work done ! 
is having an \eh\ " day . I hate those days .... so boring and emotionless :\\ " 
is freezing her butt off ! 
is sick of apartment hunting . Yup . 
Let life pass through you , Illuminating your ties , Fascinating your mind :) 
thinks its high-time for a nap in my snuggie . Yeah , that's right . My snuggie ! 
' s teeth hurt :( 
Why do I feel like someone sucked my life force outta me ? Can't wait to get this tuesday over with ! 
loves < PROPMALE > in the middle ... two brothers akwardly singing ABBA to each other ... priceless ! 
is listening to Autumn Defense with < PROPFIRST > . Good times . 
is like , whoah ... 
Club Anshutz anyone ? 
is annoyed at the fact that I am working all day today/ tonight & tomorrow ' til 230pm ... yeah , thats helping my chances of getting things done :| anyways , time for nap . then back to work :( 
is in need of serious rest ... I'm continuing to lose my voice :'( .... think I'm gonna have to call into work tomorrow :\\ 
The next time I call into work with a legitimate excuse as to not come in , I might as well lie about other symptoms . Because apparently , having symptoms of a viral respiratory illness just doesn't cut it . WTF !!! 
is in desperate need of sleep . I can't recover from this ailment if I can't sleep !!!!! 
is tired of being sick and tired of being drugged up on dimetapp . UGH ! 
Seriously . Can I NOT be sick anymore ? Slept almost 12 hrs and felt worse when i woke up . Ughhhhhh ! 
is ready to eat ! 
is comatose @ the library after the combination of chipotle and cough syrup ... zzzzzzzzzz ..... 
hates running out of ink in the middle of printing an assignment . Makes me feel like I'm not totally done ! 
Can't wait til Tuesday & Wednesday are over ! 
is nervous !!! 
Phew ... So far So good ... just need to work on my ramblin ' ... Oooooh .... Boy I was born a ramblin ' man ... tryin ' to make a livin ' and doin it the best I can .... Allman Brothers anyone ? 
UH OH HAXX0RZ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
needs to clean clean clean !!!! 
is working a double tomorrow , UGH . Oh , and Thursday . :( Time for sleep now ; I'll need it later !! 
is starting to think that the Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe was a true story . I just started cleaning out my closet ; it's a < PROPMALE > in there !!!! ;) - 
SRSLY ?! < PROPFIRST > Blizzard ?! I'm afraid I won't be able to leave < PROPFIRST > for Christmas :( 
Happy Birthday Baby Jesus !! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas all ! 
is thinking of getting an SUV due to the frustrating events today . Sigh . 
Uuuugh ... what is < PROPFEMALE > Montana doing fake-dating her brother for ? Ewwwwww .... 
So tempted to walk to Louises West with all the other stranded neighborhood Lawrencians . Sigh ... 
is in the middle of a move . Exciting , but annoying to be reminded of how much stuff you have !!! 
could write a 20 < PROPFEMALE > paper on how much she hates snow and the cold weather . 
All this snow is making me think I have seasonal affective disorder . * sigh * 
What a wonderful monday ! Snow melting !!!! However , I guess I should beware of the \final destination-worthy\ " iceicles hanging above my apt door . Eek ! " 
hates allergies and half-sneezes ! 
didn't realize how much she relied on the internet . What have we become as humans ! 
Oh crazy Charo , you make me think it were a < PROPFEMALE > summer evening at the beach . I love how music can do that to you :) 
has nothing witty to say . 
Watching a show that's name fits it perfectly . Can you guess what it is ? 
Has a potential new favorite artist : < PROPFIRST > Fiasco .... hmmmm .... 
would love some Chai right now . Uh huh . 
Really needs to watch < PROPMALE > . I miss < PROPMALE > . 
Bring me some tea . Please ? Chai preferably ... 
Its so hard to study for anatomy when it makes you sleepy .... zzzz ..... 
Sigh ... a continuation of last night ... only this time , its coming from above me and beside me ! Should I blast opera , kids songs , or instrumental music ? 
Shakes head at < PROPFEMALE > Nguyen for going to see that movie < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Ugh ... girl ... why ?! 
is fighting the urge to fall asleep . :( 
wants to give up eating out for Lent , but doesn't think it's gonna work out . Maybe instead of giving something up , I should add working out to my schedule ... hmmm ... 
Loves getting paid and hates paying bills ... 
is heading to Chicago tomorrow for internship interviews ! :D 
Really ? More Snow ?! FML ... 
Trust your bladder . It knows the future . 
is super excited for this week . Its gonna get above 50 degrees !!!!!!!!!! 
is hungry . Feed me ! 
didn't think her taxes would take that long ... but they did ... at least I have THAT done though !!! 
loves the sounds of birds outside her window :) 
is feeling like writing some crazy poetry . 
Tonight I'll characterize myself as Walt Whitman's niece , as I undergo a transformation : perplexed by words I read from others , from songs < PROPFIRST > in several keys : I'll write my experience on a thin slice of paper , lead friction occurring , as each letter , each word is formed by my rapid hands , my rapid brain , unable to remember , the words that keep me sane . 
is kind of in love with < PROPFIRST > Gordon-Levitt ... ever since I saw 500 days of summer . Sorry < PROPFIRST > . : x 
What is this ?! Mustache madness ?! No , sir , you may not have one , especially when I have to walk around beside you .... 
is super excited and relieved to have at least a three-day Spring Break ... going to St. < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFIRST > , just got paid , just got my fed . refund ... its a great day :) It just sucks that its going to be cold Sat & Sun :( 
has nothing witty to say on here . Eh . 
is looking forward to tonight's Modern Family ! 
Awesome . My orff orchestration song is stuck in my head , lol ... 
Just paid $700 worth in credit card bills ... ugh I hate being independent . * tear * 
has the suddent urge to watch the Lion < PROPMALE > . 
enjoyed the sun today ! Now ... off to work :( 
even my day off isn't really a day off . sigh . 
Had an awesome time with her music therapy buddies ! :) 
is torn . 
Totally in love with < PROPFEMALE > Merchant's new album , Leave Your Sleep :D 
<3 s Donavon Frankenreiter . You would to if you love < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ;) 
is conducting behavioral mgmt techniques on herself ... \no malbec until homework is finished ! \"" 
just ate some beets . I know , I know . 
is hardcore craving < PROPFEMALE > Days pizza ! 
feels pretty cool riding her bike at night . Probably because I'm one of few people who is actually smart enough to have lights on her bike so people don't hit me ... 
It is high time for a hair cut , methinks . Yup . 
mmm corn dogs ... I haven't had corn dogs in soooo long ! 
<3 s arizona trading co ! Cute skirts , cheap prices ;) 
<3 s so I married an axe murderer ! 
is watching desperate housewives ... odd , I know ... 
Its pretty sad when I look forward to the week ... guess I should stop working doubles on weekends ... oh well , woohoo weekdays ! 
has spent almost 7 hrs continuously changing the font and style of her business card ... yeah ... 
is excited for her recital tonight ! Eek ! 
Thanks to everyone who came to my recital today ! Hope you all enjoyed it ! 
is excited for local < PROPMALE > shopping today and going to the humane society with her fam ! 
Boo ... work ... 
Beef Stroganoff has a whole new meaning to me . I personally don't think I will be able to eat it again , considering what I was hearing today . Thanks Ben ... lol ... 
is graduating today ! AND ... I'll be rockin a pink tassle too ! 
Why am I at work ? really , why ? 
is in Wichita for < PROPFIRST>'s graduation ! 
just got engaged ! <3 
Thanks to everyone for their congrats :) It means a lot ! <3 
on my way to miami ! too bad I'll be spending half of the day in airports ... up in the air it is ! 
needs to learn spanish ... either that or become pale , dye my hair blonde , and get a nose job . 
I'm all for going green , but I sure wish Hollywood would stop recycling t . v . /movie ideas ... A-Team , are you serious ! You can't replace Mr. T !!! 
is laying in bed watching True Blood . Yay for < PROPFIRST > Lavin for buying it for me ! I <3 my fiance ! 
is going through a frustratingly painful illness ... ugh .... 
is gonna spend the day recuperating and watching < PROPFEMALE > Wars . 
is hardcore craving some pizza , and will get some , even though I feel like I have rocks wedged inside my espophagus . Thank God for Ibuprofen ... 
needs to find a new temporary home/job within the next two months . Wichita or KC ... that is the question ... 
just got done watching bringing up baby ... good movie ! 
Friday ! Off ! Wow ! 
at work ... ugh ... 
is chillin before the 2nd shift . Time for a power nap ! 
is downtown waiting for the outdoor movie to start . Come out ! 
<3 s old movies ! 
is simultaneously freaking out and excited trying to find a place to have our ceremony/reception ... time to take a walk down mass ... lol 
It's high time for some rhym ... in ' 
Gettin ' ready to watch the Philadelphia Story . I <3 summers in < PROPFIRST > ! 
is headed home today for a few days ... going to a friend's wedding and seeing the fam ! 
is excited to see the last airbender ! too bad stupid twilight just now opened . crazy preteens screaming < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > ! ugh ... 
Avatar fans : I'll let u know if the movie sucks ... according to reviews , it does , big time . Going to see a midnight showing now ! I hope I like it :/ 
M . Night is a egotistical sadist . 
Still trying to figure out a date for our wedding ... I feel like I can't do anything else until we know the date ! The limited budget ain't helping either ! 
Got the internship in Miami for January ! Yay ! 
getting ready for work . ugh ... 
Trying to find an apartment in wichita ... ugh I hate apartment hunting ! 
loves days off ... especially when they are spent doing nothing but watching old school Smallville . Gotta love the < PROPFEMALE > lavigne , coldplay , lifehouse etc . songs in the episodes too . Ahh memories . 
So according to < PROPFIRST>'s mom , there is a animal farm in Goddard that does weddings , and a penguin is your ringbearer . But I'd rather have a lion . 
is bored ... 
is headed to Wichita tomorrow . Woo ! 
< PROPFIRST > bound tomorrow ! Tired of getting attacked by monster huge black mosquitoes in mt . hope . Pretty sure I'm gonna come back west nile positive :/ 
hates moving ! Thank goodness we get to move in early next week ... less stress ... but more gas money :) ' 
and tonights activities will be ... 1)packing 2)playing guitar 3)true blood !!!! 
U , me , & everyone we know . 8 o clock . 
Jazzhaus ! 
Thanks to everyone for having dinner and going out with me last night ! And especially < PROPFEMALE > for arranging it :D 
Moving sucks , but at least I'm losing a lot of water weight ? 
WOW ... my phone butt dialed 3 statuses ... ignore those !! 
What a crazy day of moving ! Got some stuff unpacked , and now I'm ready for some zzz ... I mean , a lot of zzz ! Thanks to all the Lavins for helping us move and the Bensons for feeding us ! Haha ... 
Goodbye < PROPFIRST > ( for now) !! I will miss you !! Goodbye awesome Lawrencian/Topekan/KC friends ! Visit me in Wichita ! 
is watching Roswell . I obviously have way too much time on my hands ... 
is apparently not as interested in the Evil Dead as she used to be ... sigh ... still have love for < PROPMALE > Cambell though . Ahoy ! 
@ the drive-in ! how nostalgic ... 
\He's a biracial angel ! \"" 
What ?! A musical episode of that 70s show ?! Thank God for syndication ! 
is going through PBS withdrawal ! 
just discovered < PROPMALE > Costello ... 
Time for a swim ! 
Wish I could go outside , but I'm pretty sure I'd sizzle up like a sausage . Staying indoors for now , sigh ... 
hearts Pushing Daisies 
is in coma mode after eating < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Just realized its Friday the 13th . Time for a horrible horror movie marathon . Ooh ... alliteration ... 
really wants to smash her computer ... if this computer's problems were equivalent to anything biological happening to a human being , I would say it probably has rabies . 
True Blood ! 
Just finished job orientation . Then , working tomorrow @ 6 am . I've never been so glad to be up that early before ! 
Nap Time . 
Ah , what I wouldn't do for a bit of PBS right now ... hardcore missing antiques roadshow , my BBC faves , Red Green , and , of course , < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Woo ! Off tomorrow ! Sleeping in ! Doing Laundry ! Cleaning House ! Wait ... is that really a day off ? 
Nothin ' to say ... nothin ' to do ... <3 Mondays :| 
Naptime 
started playing Sim City again ... Thanks a lot game - for showing me my irreparable inability of budget balancing ! 
A day off ! Woo ! 
Football ? Whats that ? 
is excited . Tomorrow . No work . Rain . Chili . Possibly Cinnamon Rolls . Friday . Payday . Fair . Yay ! 
is finally making a complete wedding list ... phew ! 
is a little restless , so I'm gonna read some franz kafka to put me to sleep * pushes back up glasses * 
Halellujah ! I finally have enough money to buy a quality keyboard ! And its gonna be white ! Also , fair today ! Hopefully it will be fun :) 
just saw a funeral casket shop in towne west wow ... 
It is so naptime 
I don't really like Weeds , but for some reason I can't stop watching it . I'll attribute that to the \there's never anything to do in Wichita\ " phenomenon I've been experiencing lately . " 
Ah , hail ! 
Finally got my keyboard ! Yay ! 
is leaving for < PROPFIRST > today ! Woo ! 
Excited to be in < PROPFIRST > & too see good friends ! Good morning everyone ! 
Really doesn't want to go back to work ... or Wichita , for that matter . * sigh * 
I think its time to try Google Chrome ... tired of firefox crashing on me ! 
Ugh , tired of my nappy hair ... time to break out the straightener ... 
Now that I'm actually playing games on 360 , < PROPFIRST > is whining that I'm not paying attention to him ... oh how the worm has turned ... 
5 years together with a tea addict , and < PROPFIRST > Lavin doesn ; t know how to make it STILL ! 
Modern Family time ! 
has today and tomorrow off ! Hallelujah for sleeping in ... 
Now that it is officially Fall , I am breaking out the chai tea ! 
It is such a beautiful Fall day ! Yay Fall ! I feel like writing a song about it now ;) 
Hello Fall . Hello Jacket Weather . Hello Hot Cocoa . 
is hungry for je ne sais quoi ... 
is bored at home . Time to work on wedding plans methinks ... 
has rediscovered The Police ... lovin ' it :D 
It really drives me crazy when people bring their personal drama to work ; they end up taking it out on others in the process . I know it might not be easy , but could you grow up ? Just a little ? 
' s night just got better . Modern Family time ! 
just got done battling an irritating computer virus . Alas , I triumph . Suck it , hackers ! 
is in the mood to go to a corn maze , do a hay bale ride , and drink some hot cider . 
just got done trying on some wedding dresses ... fun , but I didn't realize how heavy they are ! 
thinks I'm gonna lay off food for the next few days ... ate too much this weekend ! 
picked our her wedding dress today . Woo ! 
is listening to < PROPFIRST > listening to some bizarre music ... time to intervene lol ! 
in a sugar coma ... ugh .... 
FINALLY set a wedding date , after much deliberation ! Time to edit the Save the Dates , haha ... 
loves that the Office did Sweeney < PROPMALE > tonight ! 
is excited for < PROPFEMALE > Howell & Keaton Krell's wedding today !! Congrats you two ! 
is on her way to < PROPFIRST > . Yay !! 
is full from food and cake . time to dance it off ! 
Enjoying her last day off for a while with < PROPFIRST > Lavin ; Movie Time ! 
It is definitely a Monday . Its ok , though . 4 more hrs and I'm outta . here !!! 
K peeps , the pics are up ... of course , fb probably already told you that ;) 
So apparently , chicken piccatta isn't quite as good unless you have capers in them . It was still good , but dang , I missed those capers . 
Hardcore craving sushi ! Stomach growling too ... too bad I'm waiting on < PROPFIRST > Lavin to stop playing football on his xbox . Grr ... 
@ Bionic Burger . Jealous ? 
< PROPFIRST > was so right ; my life IS being sucked away by Oblivion . 
Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon 
never thought she'd be obsessing over flowers so much ! Blame it on wedding-planning ! 
Off to bed , hoping to dream that I slept a full nights sleep , when in actuality , it will only be half of that . Sigh ... 
Night watching Modern Fam and eating pizza = An awesome wednesday ! 
got off work early . Hallelujah ! 
is enjoying her rainy friday ; chili and cinnamon rolls for lunch , grindhouse horror movie later , and now chillin @ the vagabond - the closest thing to a < PROPFIRST > bar I will ever see in wichita ! 
listening to the black keys @ work almost lets me forget I'm working at all ... almost ... 
sleepy time ! gotta work in the am , booooooo ! 
The best thing about Sundays ? < PROPMALE > ! Can't wait ' til tonight , but I guess I'll have to ... until then , I'll watch Weeds on Netflix :) 
Monday is tapping on my shoulder . Please go away . You are not wanted . Ever . 
needs a day off ! Until then , I'll be praying for Thursday to come fast ! 
I really wish Modern Family were an hour long ... or two ... love that show ! 
My day off and I still have to come to work for a mandatory 2 hour long meeting .... fml ... 
is so not looking forward to straightening her hair . Tired of the nappy hair though 
so .... apparently I may be having signs of appendicitis ... yikes ! All before my insurance kicks in on Nov . 1st . nice .... 
Quality time with the folks . 
went to thai binh today ; first time I've been there in a long time . I hope I still like the cuttlefish I bought haha ... 
loved coming home to a gorilla tonight ... most laughs I've had in a while ! 
doesn't have to get up @ 530 tomorrow morning , but that doesn't make up for the hours of daylight I will be missing with these new work hours . Sheesh ... 11-730 ? I'll take back 6-230 any day ! 
Hmm .... what to eat ... what to eat ... 
You know you have a problem when you start to google for \the best chai tea . \ " Addiction at its finest ... " 
Yuck . Work . 
\Why ya gotta be so mean to me ? \ " Hahaha gotta love < PROPFIRST > from the Office . " 
can't seem to get out of a bad mood . 
Off to work * sigh * 
Thank God for < PROPFIRST > ! 
really wants a pet . Big dog or kitty ... or both ... 
desperately misses her < PROPFIRST > folk . 
is cleaning the apt on her day off . Wait ... something seems wrong with this picture . 
is cooking Jambalaya tonight ! Yum ... 
is getting ready for work . Sigh ... 
could 7:30 please come sooner ? 
On the menu for tonight : Cheese Ravioli & Asparagus . Mmm mmm mmm good ! 
Happy Veterans Day to all vets I've known & love ! 
\I wanted to eat pigs in a blanket ... in a blanket . \ " Lol gotta love the Office ! " 
Can't wait until the weekend ! 
I guess its time to stop putting off getting my car heater fixed ... 
is watching < PROPFIRST > play Halo . Wow ... whatta night ... 
is enjoying her day off ! 
It was so nice to be able to finally find a church with similar values of mine ! Yay church ! 
Best thing about Monday nights ? Coming home to watch Sunday's < PROPMALE > , catchin up on Smallville ... and perhaps the Walking Dead ? 
Car batter fail ... sigh ... 
Gotta love the autumnal loveliness of Wilco ... Listen . Get some tea . Watch the world outside . See what happens :) 
its a chili & cinnamon roll kinda day . Yes it is ! 
I was trying to stay up late to extend my day off ... but I can't hold out any longer . Helloooo sleep ! 
is @ work playing with my new phone . 
For some time now , I've felt like something had been missing from my life ; tonight , when I bought season 3 of the boondocks , that feeling left me . :D 
Out on the town with Mom & Grandma 
has contacts ! 
is knitting while watching < PROPFIRST > play call of duty . Paradox ? 
had an irritatingly hilarious morning . I know that sounds weird , but believe me , if I told you , you would understand . Lol ... 
hopes everyone has a great Thanksgiving break ! Alas , I won't have one , but that's ok , I have the weekend to share with the fam ! 
Can't wait til the weekend ! Xmas tree shopping , decorating , friends , family , and fun ! 
relaxing to < PROPFIRST > Lang ... looove this music . Makes me feel like I'm in the 20s ... ah ... 
just played her first game of halo reach . Lol ... 
After many half-failed attempts , I have finally learned to knit ! Time to make some scarves ! 
Is it sad I'm ready to go home just so I can knit ? 
ready to go home so I can knit , play Oblivion , and hone my Halo skillzzz ... lol ... 
is excited for < PROPFIRST > Lavin ! I hope he gets this meteorology job ! 
it was nice to hear a little bit of < PROPFIRST > tonight @ the Orpheum in Wichita , even though I was still being a bit of a critic , haha ... anyways , hope there is more where that came from :) 
Sunday : < PROPMALE > ! 
Let's see ... I'm leaving for Miami the 21st of Dec . ; should I come up to < PROPFIRST > this weekend or just have a ge t-t ogether at our apartment in Wichita ? Hmmm ... 
This month is going by too fast ! 
< PROPMALE > is on the View right now ! I think my day has just been made :) 
is relaxing to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > radio on her Pandora station <3 
loves pizza , but it does not love me ! Oi , the heartburn ! 
Seriously phone ? Stop butt-dialing people ! Ugh ... 
fell asleep watching Inception . True story ... 
isn't too fond of \straightening my hair\ " day - the once a week battle that lasts 2-3 hours . Oh well ... here I go ! lol ... " 
is busy , busy , busy ! 
Off to go kick some butt @ the bowling alley w/ coworkers . Yet , holiday work parties have always scared me a little ... 
For once , very glad not to be in < PROPFIRST > today ! Be safe everyone ! 
Last day @ kmh ... last weekend in Wichita ... come see me ! 
Has been having a pretty good birthday weekend ! Made cookies , played apples to apples , ate brunch ( during which a very cute old man began to sing Feliz Navidad to the whole restaurant - he was good too ! ) , and got some great gifts from people ! I even got a ukulele from < PROPFIRST > Lavin ! Anyways , thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! <3 
on both our bdays(err ... for the most part ) , we both had lunar eclipses ! Coincidence ? I think not . lol ... 
is in Miami , missing < PROPFIRST > , but learning spanish very very quickly ... lol ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
is worn out from wii and the family ! Especially my nephew .... gotta love em though ! 
If I hear that G6 song one more time , I ... well ... I don't know what I'll do , but I'm tired of hearing it ! 
is having a cabin fever panic attack . Wish < PROPFIRST > Lavin were here to whisk me away ! Lol ... 
3 Bensons in 1 House in Miami . Sounds like a middle class version of the Kardashians . Lol ... 
starts her internship on Tuesday ! Can't wait !!! 
First day @ UCP ! On an extra note , beat the ugly miami traffic ! 
is about to watch the new season of Jersey Shore . Don't judge me ! 
finished her first wonderful week @ UCP ! 
just woke up from an awkward q & a dream involving the creator of facebook . Yeah ... I'm gonna blame this one on a combo of watching the news and Black Swan last night . lol ... 
Welcome to the working week ! Thank you , Mr. Costello , for giving me a better song to think of besides Manic Monday . lol ... 
is getting wedding lazy ... we gotta jump back on it , < PROPFIRST > ! In the meantime ... time to write some songs :) 
Miami traffic is the most random thing ... one day it takes me 40 < PROPFEMALE > to get to work , another day it takes 10 , lol . The sad thing is , if I waited 10 more < PROPFEMALE > utes just to leave for work , I would be late ! * Sigh * haha 
<3 s Ace of Cakes ! 
The Life & Times of Mahleah Benson . Yup 
just caught on to this whole \astrology change\ " thing ; and the point is ...? " 
I know I shouldn't like < PROPFIRST > Frampton , but I just can't help trying to make my own rendition of Baby I Love your Way 
is thankful that MLK is remembered every year for his peaceful and loving involvement in the civil rights movement :) 
I figure not many people from our generation even know this movie , but its pretty obvious The Roommate is a college-themed remake of Single White Female ... un-original hollywood . Typical , lol ... 
There is no way I'm missing Modern Family tonight ! Can't wait for the awkwardness !! 
Be careful in KS everyone ! 
Watching my sad obsession - Jersey Shore . 
hopes the sun will come out today ... until then , its time to clean ! 
Sometimes I forget how much I love Wilco , but then I happen upon a song while on random shuffle , and their music makes me feel so content , contemplative , longing , and somber all at once . Ok , thats my emotional post for the day , haha ... 
Why is there a show about hauntings on animal planet ? C'mon! 
is feeding her inner pre-teen by watching Mean Girls 2 . Up next , iCarly ! 
Thin Mints are the devil . yep ... lol 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > + Film Noir = Awesome . 
The best hugs are kid hugs . Truely ! 
It's days like this that make me wish I weren't an adult . * sigh * 
wishes she could eat at waffle house with < PROPFIRST > right now ! 
Hellloooo Friday ! 
Breaking a rule : Watching Twilight ... again ... Lord , forgive me for I have sinned ... 
needs some new music to listen to ... any suggestions ? 
isn't particularly fond of barre chords . Especially Bm - * shakes fist at guitar * 
is glad that she doesn't have to deal with snow ... yet oddly misses it because that would mean staying indoors with a huge cup of cocoa & cuddling with < PROPFIRST > . Ok ... mushy ... I know , but I don't care , lol ... 
Wooo ! Friday ! 
enjoyed listening to music tonight @ < PROPMALE > in the Park in < PROPFEMALE > Gables ... gotta love the local music here ! 
is enjoying her weekend via Dollar Tree raiding and being outside in the sun :) 
I find it interesting how some people shop how they drive . Imagine how it was for me tonight when I ( stupidly ) went to Target . Worst . Idea . Ever . 
is watching a very interesting movie called The Infidel . Pretty good , methinks ! 
Yes , < PROPFEMALE > . You were trying to hard ... 
Why hello Glee ! So I knew you were gonna do Thriller ... but when you said mash up with the Yeah yeah yeahs - heads will roll you finally got my attention . Kudos , kudos ... 
forgot her phone @ work ... hopefully not in a classroom ! Who knows what those kids would do with a blackberry ! 
Yay for Modern Family ! 
doesn't know if she should take My Strange Addiction seriously ... eating glass ? bleaching skin ? too much makeup ? Get outta here ! 
< PROPFIRST > got me my favorite older movie - Bringing Up Baby - for Valentines Day . Yay < PROPFIRST > ! 
almost missed jersey shore tonight ... good thing MTV has nothing better to do than play re-runs - I mean , really , who cares about music videos anymore ! lol ... 
Hello Friday ! My reward for making it through this week ? Key Lime Pie ! Mmmm can't wait ! 
will be spending her weekend notating music thats been in her head for weeks - I think I should stop making random songs so the left side of my brain can catch up to the right side ... lol ... 
Anyone have any good book suggestions ? I think its about time I get back on the literacy train ... 
Had a pretty fantabulous weekend : I was very productive , finally got < PROPFIRST>'s long awaited package ( YES ! I can knit again ! ) , and went to a new church which I think I'm really gonna love , and met some friendly people ! Yay extroversion ! 
Happy Valentines Day everyone ! It was nice to come home to a package of truffles sent from < PROPFIRST > Lavin !!!! Yay love ! Yay chocolate !!!! Ok ... now its time for me to pass out from my sugar coma ... 
and there goes truffle #4 .... down the hatch ... 
feels somewhat odd knitting in warm weather , so I keep trying to tell myself its snowing outside , even when its ... obviously not ... haha 
\Do you still like rollercoasters ? \ " \ 
Teacher Planning Day tomorrow & off Monday ... yay ! I get to give my voice a rest ! 
loves saturday mornings and pancakes 
was being productive today until she started chomping on chocolate and watching americas top model reruns . fml 
watching < PROPFEMALE > & the Frog . A great movie , but it makes me wanna watch the Lion < PROPMALE > even more ! 
Assessment : Done Treatment Plan : Done ... The Day : Just Starting :) 
wished creepers would stop honking their horns while she is out walking ( in a residential area , mind you ) \ 
the point of you ( total stranger ) honking your horn @ me ( pedestrian walking ) is ....? 
Do you wanna hear the guest list for tonight ?! Anger , Sadness , Bitterness , and Betrayal ! lol modern family ... lol ... 
Is glad she went to get gas today before the prices skyrocket everywhere . Most places have already raised it to 3.39 or higher , but I somehow found one that was 3.20 near my house ... phew ! Something tells me , though , that I will be soon be using the metro ... 
Yes ! That thing you do is on ! Woo ! 
Friday ! 
its Naptime :D 
Watching the food network , especially when its a show all about sweets , is no bueno . Now all I want is carrot cake with cream cheese filling and creme brulee doughnuts ... ugh hate the end/beginning transition of months ! 
Now this is what I've been waiting for ! The < PROPFIRST > Sheen interview :| \ 
Ok , but seriously , this does seem a little interesting ... 
A great ending to a great week ! Listened to < PROPFIRST > Levitin , the author of This is Your Brain On Music lecture @ UM , ate sushi & thai iced tea w/ a bunch of music therapists , now , I'm going to nap , then go to a game night ! Woo Friday ! 
Yay Saturday ! 
had a fun time last night ! Went to a festival , then salsa dancing ( aka workout ) . Love it ! 
is in the mood to play chess , but has no one to play chess with . Sadness ... 
just realized tonight was mardi gras ! What I would do for some jambalaya , corn fritters , and sweet tea right now !!!! 
One more day ' til Kansas ! I can't believe I'm excited for that , haha . 
I hate you pollen . I really do ... 
Being @ the laundry mat makes me so sleepy ! ugh nodding off to sleep , so embarrassing lol 
Kansas Bound ! 
is suddenly in the mood for some ham & beans and jalapeno corn bread . mmmmm .... 
530 am flight and I'm still up ... why ?! 
Goodbye Kansas ! 
Best thing about St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ? Watching a so-horrible-its-good Leprechaun movie . I wish I could so lucky as to see Leprechaun in the Hood too , hahahaha 
Yes ! Clueless is on ! 
Why am I watching Miami Animal Police ?! This is worse than the < PROPFEMALE > Mclachlan commercials ! 
I think my social isolation is turning me into a basketball fan . Its the only way I can connect with my peeps ! ( yes i just said peeps ) Anyways , here it goes ... \ 
Beak ' em Hawks ! 
thinks its high time to go searching for some more good music ! 
Yowza ! Its been 6 years already ?! Kudos to < PROPFIRST > Lavin , for putting up with my random thoughts and ideas , for supporting my dreams , and for loving me with a pure <3 
Big Love series finale :( 
Spring Break is officially over :( oh sleep , how I will miss thee ! 
thinks its a wee bit ironic that < PROPFIRST > is jumping on my butt for wedding planning . He's right , though . I've been bumming it big time , haha . 
One of these days , my dream of living in close vacinity of an IKEA will come true . Some day ... lol 
There is no way I could ever get tired of chai tea . Best . Thing . Ever . 
To nap or not to nap ? 
$40 , 000 for a lock of < PROPFIRST > Bieber's hair ? Seriously ?! I would love to know the rationality of spending that much money on something like that . There are so much more well-deserving people in the world that could use that money for food , shelter , & healthcare . Good thing he is doing this to raise money for Japan . Perhaps that person knew that ? I sincerely hope so ! 
had an awesome Friday w/ the kids ! Yay for music therapy & yay for the weekend ! 
editing wedding music + watching smallville episode about marriage = temporary emotional meltdown ! lol 
Phew ! I feel exhausted after listening to some really good latin jazz , lol ... but seriously . Phenomenal music ! \ 
www.sammyfigueroa.com 
Listening to Django Reinhardt makes me want to break out some homemade ice tea and sit on a porch with a rocking chair . 
Today I told one of my mt classes I forgot the parachute at the end of the session ... they all got so sad ! Then I whipped it out and said , April Fools ! I've never heard kids scream so much . I think I lost hearing in one of my ears . 
An Idiot Abroad = A whole night of laughter . Poor < PROPFIRST > ... 
Wedding registries = ugh 
What to eat ... what to eat ... my body needs food but I'm tired of everything , lol . Maybe I should get an IV ? Or just drink V8 & Slim-Fast ? sigh ... 
TRUE BLOOD S3 reruns ! w0000t ! 
What's on * your * mind ? 
are you kidding me ? it barely rains here and now the power is out . uggghhhh 
loves it when songs she loves to sing are first position on guitar . I know I need to play barre chords more , but ugh ... why ? jkjk ... kinda 
Loves Jeopardy ... even if it makes me feel like I know nothing . Oh well , learning as I go , learning as I go ... 
TCM = lovely ! 
I feel like a zombie ! Worn out from the kids today . I don't know how the teachers do it all day . I was in a class for 2 hours and am drained lol . Nap time ! 
Bored . 
The car gods hate me . They really do . I am stunned right now . I must have the record for having the most car trouble in history . I can't even imagine what I could have done in this life , let alone a former life , that earned me such bad < PROPFEMALE > ! Argh ! 
A nice , ice-cold pint of 90 shilling sounds so good right now .... 
Miami gas is nearly $4.00 dollars a gallon now ... I guess my car decided to boycott before I could ? Oh well ... the metro might take a little longer , but at least I don't have to worry about driving for a while . :) 
Just realized its almost the middle of April ! Its so crazy how fast this internship is going ! 3 and 1/2 more months of wonderful kids :) 
Sleep 
is really loving AAA right now 
Modern Family FTW 
it is so not normal that I am this tired at 11:40 p.m. Usually I can stay up til at least 1 or 2 a.m. I would say its my age , but thats a lie . I'm gonna blame this one on \public transportation . \"" 
its days like this I wish < PROPFIRST > was a mechanic . I could be getting my car fixed for free ! Oh well ... at least I have it back . For now ... 
My plan for today ? To be as freakishly lazy as I can be . I'm staying in bed until 2 p.m. to watch t.v. Why ? Because I can . 
is thinking its a < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > movie kinda night . 
Nap + Rain = Awesome 
had a dream about birthday cake . Now that's freakin ' cruel ! lol ... 
Dr. Who : Yet another show I've become addicted to ... sigh 
Wedding flower shopping = Exhausting ! 
Today's message was so good . Jesus went through a phenomenal transformation , and so too can we through changing how we view the world and each other . Happy Easter Everyone ! 
Usually I'm not excited by Mondays , but since all the Easter < PROPFEMALE > will be on clearance , I am super stoked ! After work , I'm hitting up Walgreens fo ' sho ! 
is thanking ( note the sarcasm ) < PROPFIRST > Lavin for getting Piggies stuck in my head , yet again . Love the song , but seriously , its now on loop , lol 
loves IFC right now for showing Arrested Development reruns ! 
Hmmm ... not digging the Keane cover by Glee . Maybe if < PROPMALE > had sang it ... 
Naptime ! 
Watching river monsters . Fish on ! 
is thinking ... \I probably shouldn't be watching Monsters Inside Me\ " while eating . Yeah ... " 
Wedding cake/cupcakes : Officially Planned . xxoo < PROPFIRST > Lavin for being my groomzilla , lol ... 
Best things about Sundays ? Sleeping In , HBO & Showtime @ night . Don't ask me what I did/am doing in between these times . Cuz I really don't have an answer , lol 
Bleh ... Tuesday 
That stupid Cee-Lo song has been stuck in my head all day , non-stop . Ugh , time to start listening to my indie pandora stations again ! 
thinks a nap is in order . 
Siesta ! 
Its Friday the 13th : I'm pretty excited to see what \horrific \"- ly made horror movies will be shown on t.v. tonight . " 
So ... I stopped on the ID channel for some \American Occult . \ " Keep in mind these are real stories . I can't even discuss them .... ehgk .... " 
Congrats to my sister , Alvolita Benson , on her graduation day ! 
is loving and appreciating the cool , rainy day here in mia ! 
loves HBO on Sunday nights , even if it does interrupt my need for sleep :) 
I decided to eat chicken with louisiana hot sauce tonight . I haven't had spicy food in 5 months , so this was an epic fail for my tastebuds . I'm still hungry , too ! 
Hallelujah - It's Friday ! 
just got done watching Wuthering Heights . PBS Masterpiece Theatre ftw ! 
watching Heaven Can Wait . Although the storyline isn't exactly the point of the day , the title is , lol ... 
a bit frustrated today . Perhaps if I take a nap , it'll wear off ? 
ugh ... not feeling very good ! I really hope I didn't catch what the kids had this week ! 
A year ago , I spent a fantastic day with my most-favorite person , my best friend , the person I love and admire @ < PROPFIRST > Lavin . This was the day he proposed , and I will always remember it . <3 
Ugh ... the bug finally got me , or should I say I got the bug ? Either way I can tell this is not going to be a fun day . 
watching the Bachelorette ... don't ask why , just shake your head and pity me . 
Looking forward to be really lazy this weekend - not gonna lie , lol 
seriously needs to get these goals & objectives finished asap , so she can enjoy the weekend ! 
is making meatloaf ... and salivating at the same time . I feel like I haven't had red meat in forever ! 
Is an aunt again ! Welcome to the world < PROPFEMALE > ! 
was so bummed her weekend was over ... until she realized tomorrow is Memorial Day ! Yay ! 
There is an Arrested Development marathon on right now . I may just stay in bed all day : x 
Today I realized my neighbors have a mango tree ... I was so tempted to reach over the fence and pick one . I guess I'll just have to wait for < PROPFIRST > Lavin to get here so he can reach ' em and get them for me ! 
just realized why the girl who plays < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > on Glee annoys me so much - she's like half Streisand , half Alanis Morrisette . Yuck . 
Today the kids were so great at the Talent Show !!! I know I'm not supposed to be biased , but my personal favorite ? One of the kid's impersonation of a T-Rex , haha ! 
One more week until < PROPFIRST > Lavin is here in MIA with me ! Then vacation for a week ! Can't wait ! 
Today I bought 3 bags of < PROPMALE > Wonka chocolate . Its official : I have an addiction . 
Trying to figure out wedding day hairstyles - up ? down ? half/half ?... any suggestions from past brides ? 
Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon ... 
can't take politicians seriously , especially when one has a last name like Weiner ; and especially when said politician waves his ' last name ' all over the internet . Maybe I have too high of expectations , but perhaps we should raise the standards a bit . 
Wedding Headache ... blah ... 
Its pretty sad that I don't want to try out any Miami mom & pop restaurants because my spanish is ... no bueno . But perhaps I'll get less confusing looks with whitey < PROPFIRST > Lavin . Mwuahahahaha 
EBA graduation today ! The kids were absolutely adorable , and sang their hearts out ! And .... I get to see my better half tonight ! Yup , pretty much an awesome day , lol ... 
took < PROPFIRST > to the Fruit & Spice Park . Must be the kansan in me , but it was so nice to see farms , instead of the concrete jungle , lol . 
had a pretty productive day ! Went to the mia science museum , < PROPFIRST > brickell village , and rode all around the metro with < PROPFIRST > Lavin . Now we're planning for the beach tomorrow . Woo ! 
While you guys were watching basketball , I was playing the uke ... so leave the miami hater comments to a minimum . Especially you , < PROPFIRST > Nguyen ! 
had a lovely time @ the beach with < PROPFIRST > . Now I'm enjoying some well needed rain while watching the movie about < PROPFEMALE > Grandin . Pretty good so far ! 
Menu for tonight : Chicken Piccata , Linguine , Breadsticks , & Key Lime Pie . Yummmmmm ! 
thinks its pretty freakin ' annoying that my landlord sent someone over to work on the house while < PROPFIRST > and I were about to leave to go to an alligator farm . Thanks for the memo ... 
is not looking forward to two things : < PROPFIRST > leaving tomorrow + having to take < PROPFIRST > to that horrific airport known as MIA . Blahhhh 
Writers block or just plain laziness ? I'm not sure , but its the same outcome , lol . 
is going to attempt to make a fascinator today ! That's right , millinery is my new obsession , though I doubt it will last long , lol . 
Midnight is such an inconvenient time to be inspired . Not for me , really , but I doubt my neighbors appreciate hearing < PROPFEMALE > joneish/sarah bareilleish type music this late at night ;) 
Summer school for kids begins tomorrow ! Can't wait to see them ! 
Wow ... Big C had me crying big time ! I guess I needed to let that out . phew ... 
is past-due for a sushi eating pig-out fest . 
Playing a little uke before bedtime <3 
There is nothing more tedious and mundane as defrosting your fridge . 
Nap + Rainstorm = Heaven 
Finally ate some sushi . I feel as if a hole has been filled in my heart :D 
Menu for tonight : General Tso's chicken with rice & brocolli . Yummmm ! 
Weeds ! Big C ! Monday Funday ! Err ... night ! 
Attempting to do a budget sheet for wedding decorations . Yuck ! 
I can't believe I only have 1 more month until my internship is over ! It has all gone by sooo fast ! 
Hello 3-day weekend ! Nice to see you ! 
Hmmmm what to do for tomorrow ... I have no idea , lol . 
Why am I watching Cocktail ? Oh the 80s ... 
Yesterday may have been National Fried Chicken day for < PROPFIRST > Nguyen , but every other day is a Chicken day to me ... so ha ! 
Wow ! After spending half a day with some of the kids on a fieldtrip , I now know why parents go to sleep so early . A lot of fun , but also a lot of work ! 
Why do curls have to be so high maintenance ?! I can't nap like this ! 
Listening to Shostakovich - because I'm cool like that . 
Stupid ants have me freaking out , staying up late , and sprinkling cinnamon all around the house . The real culprit is the weather , though , for driving them inside ! 
Had an awesome chat with a music therapist that used to practice in the Wichita , KS area . She gave me tons of advice for when I get back ! Yay MTs ! 
Sleeping in , the < PROPFEMALE > Bride , Churrasco , BSG - its been a pretty good Saturday ! About to get better , too ! Singin ' with some lovely ladies tonight :) 
Yes , I'm the critic in the corner today ... but ... tired of seeing bandwagon soccer statuses . Considering how much I hear people joking about women's sports in general , it amazes me how when they start winning , all of a sudden people start caring . I guess that's how it is in all sports , but its still annoying to me - hence I do not watch sports anymore . Ok , off my soapbox now :D 
Last week @ UCP :( I'm looking forward to starting my professional career , but am so not ready to say goodbye to everyone I've met since I started , especially the kids , and especially Especially my individual students !!! * Breathe In ... Breathe Out ... * 
* sigh * Email hacked . Epic Fail . 
Nothing can make my day better than hearing a new Wilco song . Well , except maybe chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream ... 
Best thing about music therapy ? Being able to belt out Don't Stop Believin ' with the adults :D 
ONE MORE DAY !!! 
Finally done with my internship !! I ( almost ) made it the whole day without crying , lol . I'm gonna miss everyone ! 
There's nothing like listening to some soothing < PROPFEMALE > Jones ... and soon after , your neighbors decide to light some very loud firecrackers . w.t.f. 
Out of all the wedding shows I could or should be watching ... I'm watching my big fat gypsy wedding . A bit fascinatin ' ... if I say so myself ! 
I hate the week before moving ... luckily I don't have much to pack or clean , but I still have the dilemma of trying to balance getting rid of food and not having to go out to get fast food before this coming Saturday . Blah ! 
Cheddar Ale Soup from Free State sounds so good right now . Just Sayin ... 
is seriously tempted to watch Power Rangers on netflix ... 
Just got done watching Gone With the Wind for the first time . My thoughts ? Favorite character : Mammy , Least Favorite ( of course ): < PROPFEMALE > , Overall opinion : I can't believe I spent 4 hrs getting repeatedly annoyed by the same character . An interesting movie , though . 
Gettin ' my car prepared for the long drive home - better now than on some random highway or skanky auto repair shop in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just saw an ad on the side of my < PROPFEMALE > advertising a gypsy guitar for sale . What are you trying to say , fb ?! 
Finally has AC in my car ! So this is what luxury feels like , haha ... 
<3 s thunderstorms ... makes me wanna cuddle up with a nice hot cup of tea while watching TCM :) 
Siesta 
It's amazing what one can come up with when there is a lack of cooking ingredients ... I just made sangria chicken with green beans haha . Sadly looking forward to eating out / fast food the next three days so I can throw out the leftover junk in my fridge :/ 
Beach . Food . Sleep . 
I was so excited that I was able to fill my whole trunk with my junk without having to put stuff in the backseat ... and then I realized I still have a huge guitar w/ a case : x See everyone ? This is why Tetris is applicable to real life situations . 
Finally out of my place ... now chilling at a hotel waiting for my parents . I know it sounds kind of mean that I asked them to take the shuttle to the hotel , but if you've ever been to MIA airport , you would totally understand ! I still have a feeling I'm going to have to get them anyways , * sigh * .... 
Despite a little bump in the road ( and I mean that almost literally ) , we had a successful first day on the road . Now time to relax ... 
Bye bye Florida !! 
Kansas ! 
Yesssss ... rain ! 
What a crazy week ! Sadly , I have a feeling it will get crazier ... If you've been trying to reach me , sorry I've been mia ! I will try to get back to you asap :) 
is already ready for sleep ... so this is what 25 feels like , haha . 
I freakin ' love Archer ! 
Its gonna be such a nice morning ! I hope this is the beginning of Fall !!! * keeps fingers crossed * 
Bleh ... 
Lawdy , I'm bored . Luckily , I have plenty of things to do to occupy my time . I just need to get ... up ... and ... do ... them . 
Home on the Range 
How does one wake a sleepy gator ? 
You know you're really bored when ... you ( meaning , yours truly ) are playing harmonic minor scales on the keyboard for the fun of it : x 
The best thing about hearing horrible music on the radio is that it motivates me to sing new material in the car ... if only I could remember what I'm even singing , lol . 
Yikes ! I had a beyond-bizarre wedding dream . Among the things I can remember - chanting over and over \ I can't believe I married a blonde guy . \ " SMH " 
< PROPFIRST > is totally screwing up my biological clock , lol . Breakfast @ 10 am ? Lunch @ 3 ? Dinner at 10 ? Oh my ... 
52 days til the wedding . Freaking Out . 
J'ai mal a la tete . Mon dieu ... 
Did a ton of housework today while watching Mad Men . 
Had a wonderful day at the pool today . Now time to get ready for the night out on the town ( possibly ) with < PROPFIRST > Lavin :) 
It is soooo time for some chai tea <3 
had an extremely busy , yet fun weekend . < PROPMALE > out with some pretty cool people . The best person , of course , being my nephew <3 
Somehow , in between my preteen years and today ( not counting my hours in Murphy ) , I forgot how awesome libraries are - you get something , read it , and return it , for FREE ! What a concept , hahaha . 
Tried on her wedding dress with the veil ... I can't wait to wear it again , but next time , I think I need to recruit about 4-5 people to help me put it on ! Sheesh ! 
Why do I keep watching the ID channel ? I guess I'd be ( somewhat ) prepared if something bad were to happen , but really , it just makes me wonder what double life < PROPFIRST > Lavin is hiding from me . Lol ! 
is thinking its a good day to go to the pool ... swim my worries away ... 
Does anyone else think that Vinny & Pauly have a thing for each other ? Or is that just me ? 
In the mood to play some serious pool ! Who's game ? <-- pun totally intended 
Sushi Coma 
Had a pretty fun afternoon w/ fun people :) Nap time now yessss 
Practicing wedding day hairstyles . Realizing I'm probably gonna have to straighten my hair first , and then use a curling iron to curl it , if I want a curly-ish hairstyle . Ridiculous ? Yes . Welcome to my life , haha . 
Sigh ... Target changed their site to where I couldn't log into the registry from my amazon acct . I had to create a whole new one . The old one is still up though . Does anyone know how to change this ? Grrr ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Ale sounds so good right now . Partly because I don't feel well , but also , I just love it in general :) 
Was a little apprehensive about getting my dress fitted today . Thankfully , it was a fast & great experience :) 
I freakin ' love Corn Pops . When I'm 90 , I'll still be eating them . 
This is a horrible time to want Flamin ' Hot Cheetos . I think I'll pass ... eat some in the morning . ;) 
< PROPFIRST > is great ... gives me chocolate cake ... 
Am I the only one who is indifferent to Labor Day ? In fact , after reading about how Labor Day became a federal holiday , I feel even less inclined to celebrate . 
Football ? What's football ? 
Spent a wonderful day with two great kids - also interesting how kids can teach you so much ! 
Someone is a grumpy gator this afternoon ... 
Just scheduled her cbmt exam for the end of the month ! Yay ! Time to study ! 
This is quite a fine day . Fine indeed ... 
Finally ordered decorations for next month ... hallelujah ! 
Thank God for Netflix during football season . 
Goin to the fair w/ < PROPFIRST > ! 
I didn't need to go to school to gain a Master of Arts in losing things - it comes naturally . Tonight I graduated to Doctorate when I lost my id at the State Fair . That's what I get for sticking my id & phone in the same back pocket . Sigh ... 
Every time I get a new job and go in for HR orientation , I feel like part of my soul is being taken away . Or ... maybe I'm just tired , haha . 
Apple Crisp . Yummmm ! 
Is it just me , or does it seem like there is a huge age-appropriateness gap in most women's clothing ? It's like it goes from 17-50 when I'm searching for clothes in department stores . Where are the 20-something clothes ?! 
Excited for the next few days ! 
Chili & Cinnamon Rolls ... Yeah Boi ! 
Hello < PROPFIRST > - I've missed you . 
* sigh * car problems ... 
Quote of the Day : \Is your hair nappy today ? \"" 
This new fb layout just gave me a headache . Ugh . 
Modern Family ! 
I know I should be getting over it by now ..... but .... \ 
THAT >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> \ 
is driving me crazy ! 
Wilco in December ! Yeah Boi ! 
Why do I feel guilty that I don't know more spanish ? * smh * 
Congrats to < PROPFIRST > Hoffman & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hoffman on their wedding yesterday ! <3 
Wedding slideshow of < PROPFIRST > & myself when I was younger - I have a feeling I'm going to regret this , lol ... 
Head - meet Wall . 
proudly drank a chai tea latte on National Coffee Day . Perhaps if I could get my hands on some chocolate covered coffee beans , it would be a day worth celebrating ;) 
had a wonderful time in Winfield with < PROPFIRST > last night . Let the de-stressing continue with laundry/cleaning day ! 
Ok - time to tackle this nest of a thing I call my hair . 
After watching Extreme Couponing , I think I know exactly what to do when the zombie apocalypse happens - I'm hittin ' up one of those houses ! 
Peace + Love + Happiness = < PROPFIRST > 
Had a lovely and fantastic time last night with family and friends - most importantly , my husband < PROPFIRST > Lavin <3 ! 
Time to start studying for the cbmt exam this weekend ! 
Time to watch Weird Science - yeah boi ! 
Frozen < PROPFEMALE > is the best < PROPFEMALE > ... mmm , ice cold < PROPFEMALE > kat ... 
, MT-BC 
Note to Self : Don't eat food while watching The Walking Dead . 
< PROPMALE > Keaton ftw ! 
Hmmm ... nothing to do ... seems like a good opportunity to go on petfinder and pine over a precious animal . 
An unintentional 2 hour nap + bustelo @ 10 pm = a severe case of not being able to go to sleep , kept waking up every 1-2 hrs , as well as some crazy dreams about the kids @ school . It's gonna be an \interesting\ " day . " 
Wow , what an odd day . I think I may just need to play Oblivion to get over this Thursday ! 
Goin ' to KC for the weekend ! 
Waffle House <3 
Enjoying the NE Kansas countryside drive :) 
is thinking its time to sell my Mazda . 
I love how cheap and filling spaghetti is ! < PROPFEMALE > la pasta puttanesca ! 
