had an amazing day with my babe ... happy orientation is over ! Finally an ISU SYCAMORE !!!! 

is not ready to go back to work on wed . :( 
can't wait to get home tonight !!! I get to see my stinky !!! I miss him so bad , damn dogs , why do they have such control over my heart ?! lol 
FML !!!!!!!! 
is tired of people not gicing a shit about her , it is getting really old . 
is practicing , be back in a little while . 
B . O . A Finals at < PROPMALE > Oil Stadium today !!! Be gone all night , planned to get back around 11:30 ! 
feels like shit , I think I am getting a sinus infection and my knees are ridiculously swollen :( sad day . 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , enter key , then left click and magic circles will appear . IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status if it works . 
Spanish will be the death of me -_- 
Hurray , four hours of sleep to go on tomorrow -_- with a concert . 
is hmm ..... I'll tell you as soon as I figure that out myself ... 
its official .... I am official obsessed and addicted to bleach .... thanks babe -_- . 
sigh ... really tired of homework .... 
Jury tomorrow .... I am freaking out just a little bit .... ( ok a lot a bit ! ) 
woot ..... jury was amazing ! 
Oh my god ... it is official , bejeweled turns your brain to mush ! 
has decided that she would definantly leave < PROPMALE > for Kisuke Urahara !!!!! <3 <3 <3 
Welp it was a wonderful way to end the year . I was in the ER from 5:00 - 9:30 this morning without going to sleep yet . Ended up with blood pouring out of my mouth they had to get some fluids in me and then have the ear nose and throat doc come and give me like 10 shots to numb my throat and the cauterize it again . Oh just my luck lol But at least I have cute hair !! XD 
is missing her sweetiepie very very very badly . I love you sunshine so much !!!! <3 <3 <3 <3 
wow what more could go wrong .... :( 
well taking a nap was worthless 
thank god . I freaking worry to much -_- 
food !!!!!!! 
might be playing < PROPFEMALE > for wind orchestra ... hmmm .... I will look funny with a < PROPFEMALE > lol 
Woot , the new < PROPFEMALE > player for wind orchestra !! 
' s heart just shattered a little .... I just found out that Geread Way has been married for 2 1/2 and a kid !!!!! Born just in May(27) !!!! :-( </3 
is completely in love with her sweetiepie and misses him sooo sooooooo bad :( <3 <3 <3 
tired as all get out . Ready for a nap :) 
is not wanting to play at a game tonight , would rather practice and sleep . :) oh well I will have fun at least ! 
is going to buffalo wild wings tonight , if anyone wants to go with call or text me ! Would love some company ! 
is exhausted . Wanting help with this stupid computer and why is my text so freaking big !!!! It won't go down any more and this is just too damn big ! 
had an amazing day . Got two piercing and got over my temporary fear of piercing because of my horrible experience with my industrial ! But now I am fine once again ! But this could be bad because I think I am getting addicted to piercings again ! lol 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin and still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults , copy and paste this to your status !! Thank you Sweetiepie and < PROPFIRST > Overman ! 
is so excited for tomorrow !!! I can't wait to see my sweetipie !!!!! Love you so much !! <3 
woot woot , my mamaw is the best mamaw ever !! She is giving me her car !! WOOT ! I love you mamaw !!! <3 
OMG LOST IS ON IN 30 MINUTES !!!!!!! WOOT WOOT WOOOOOHOOO !!! 
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!! NOT SAYID !!!!!!!!!!! WHY MUST THEY KILL ALL MY FAVORITE CHARACTERS !!!! I HATE YOU LOST I HATE YOU !!! : , -( </3 
feels like crap , my head hurts and my stomach doesn't feel the best , thanks babe ! lol 
is having a great night with Sharea < PROPFIRST > Bradshaw and < PROPFEMALE > West :D 
is going to be having another great night with Sharea < PROPFIRST > Bradshaw , < PROPFEMALE > West , and < PROPFEMALE > P ! 
woot woot Colts in the superbowl tomorrow !!!!!! b 
woot woot GO COLTS !!!!!!!!!!!! 
god damn it colts ! 
is wishing her sweetiepie was here right now . :( I love you and miss you so bad sweetie . Even though you can't see this now that you got rid of your facebook account :( 
is really wishing she could be asleep right now , but my own fault I guess , hurray for 2 hours of sleep ! 
sigh ... what more could possibly be going wrong with things right now ? 
so much for class the rest of the day . This stupid stomach flu finally hit me . -_- 
is going to try and practice , without throwing up . Which so far hasn't happened thankfully ! Missing her sweetierpie < PROPMALE > Fullerton sooo bad ! 
is tired of being upset all the time . Wishing I had someone here with me to to cheer me up . 
yay lost is on tonight !!! I so far have never missed an espisode of all 5 seasons and 1 episodes that have been out ! WOOT ! 
is not wanting to worry about this 150 exam tomorrow . 
so much for class the rest of the day . Been in the health center all morning and ended up getting a shot with sedation meds in it to get rid of my stomach pains . Now I can't drive or go to class or anything . Third day in a row -_- 
wow what more could go wrong with my life right now . Had a wonderful weekend planned and now I don't even have a boyfriend . What the hell am I supposed to do with the 70 dollars worth of crap I was going to give him for his birthday ... 
is tired and sick of being sick . -_- 
new beginnings are good ! 
is happier today than I have been in a very long time . :D 
great , now I have no phone because my phone keeps shutting off and coming on and shutting off . Getting < PROPMALE>'s old phone once he gives it back to mom ! Woot . Stupid phone pisses me off I really liked me Neon . 
can't even desribe to you how mad I am at the fact that I feel just as crappy today as I have all week . Even more so cause now I have a fever too :( 
really needs help on this Theory homework but apparently everyone else is just as lost as I am and I wasn't in class at all this week ! 
is not sure how to \get back in the game\ " lol haven't done this for a long time . I'm excited though ! c : " 
is going to have a great night with Sharea < PROPFIRST > Bradshaw and Kynslee Roberts ! c : 
is feeling kind of bummed right now . Wishing I still had something to do this weekend . Sucks that all my plans fell through . :( 
is actually really upset now . Things are really hard sometimes . 
had a really good night . 
has had one hell of a valentines day . --_-- 
is having a much better valentines day :D 
is really happy with what is happening in my life right now . Had a great night and has great friends and family ! Thank you everyone for helping me so much it has meant a lot ! 
why is it this time almost every morning that my stomach decides to cramp like crazy and make me miserable -_- 
feels very well rested 
is not really excited for my lesson tomorrow . Really needing to have better time managmnet -_- 
has been thinking about a lot of things today and is not feeling the greatest right now . Tired and mad and upset are not a good combination of emotions lol 
hmmm .... wow had a really shitty day 
wewt no 150 blog !!! All I have is < PROPMALE > study guide to do now ! YAY ! 
where the hell is < PROPFIRST > Ybarra when I freaking need him lol < PROPFIRST > I wanna go on a walk !!! 
is more or less just really pissed and really confussed . At that point in my life were I wish everything would just be very clear but it is all the complete opposite . If everything happens for a reason than I hope this is all worth it in the end . 
is ridiculously tired . Nap from 2-6 this afternoon ! Woot , hurry up 2 o'clock . 
woohoo 2 o'clock . NAP TIME ! Text or call me if you need anything ! :D 
woot woot Lost is on tonight ! 
is just taking a personal day and going to bed early ! 
is getting ready to move to my new room ! 502 :-) With my cool new roommate < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > :-) 
hmm ... so Dr. Bro forgot about me today , that makes me feel great . LOL 
is almost completely done fixing up her new room , just need to put my clothes in the drawers and fix my bed and I am good to go ! Woot , now for a shit tone of homework and to fix me old room to finally check it out ... ugh . 
is finally getting supper after completely finishing her room !! Woot !! Anyone who wants to come see it is completely welcome to , 502 ! 
is going to write my blog and than crash and burn into bed . :D 
is ready to have my mud mask on and watchin a movie with Sharea < PROPFIRST > Bradshaw ! Have a busy day tomorrow , missing my baby(Junior ; my dog ) :D <3 
is really excited to eat this pizza I just ordered with Sharea < PROPFIRST > Bradshaw :D 
does not want to be awake right now ... ugh 
wishes my neck would stop hurting so damn bad since I have a three hour rehersal this evening on the bari ... -_- which right now i don't know if I can do it . 
is really tired . 
anybody good at neck massages ? I sprained my neck today and was told I need someone to try and give me a massage and see if it helps .... 
forgot just how much I love and how amazing < PROPMALE > Groban is !!!! 
is tired of waiting to see why everything that has been happening in my life right now is happening . 
is getting food in the commmons , anyone wants to join , come on over , I'm by myself . 
is in a really good mood right now . Thank you Sharea < PROPFIRST > Bradshaw and < PROPFIRST > Ybarra , I love you both very much ! 
' s neck is still killing me today :-( never sprain your neck , it sucks lol 
is loving all the new groups I just became a fan of ! LOL 
I acted like it didn't bother me , but really I think about it all the time . Why would someone like you have such a grip over my life and now I can't stop thinking about the \good times\ " even if it was just a couple of weeks long ... " 
is getting ready to eat supper with Sharea < PROPFIRST > Bradshaw and than do my homework , practice , and hopefully get to sleep early ! Yeah , that is a wonderful dream ... lol 
LOST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is feeling wonderful right now ... pretty positive I have strep throat , and if I don't than this is the worst soar throat I have ever had in my life . -_- 
has decided that on my wedding day , I am definatly having a saxophone quartet play for me and no stupid piano ! LOL Hopefully by that time I will have my own professional quartet and they can be the ones who play , obviously with me gone being a trio , but you know what I mean lol .... or maybe you don't . Either way , < PROPFIRST > my words ! <3 
so great .... I didn't have strep throat , no , and not mono either , no of course I couldn't have that normal shit . Instead I more than likely have a freaking cyst thingy in my throat that will probably have to be removed over spring break -_- FML 
is not wanting to do this program note for 150 . 
is ready to be home and get my health all figured out . Tired of this semester and all this crap happening to me ! :( But hopefull my new doctor is going to get something figured out and I will be on my way back to healthy in no time !! Thank you for all my friends and family and everyone who has always been here for me through these last few years , it has meant a lot . Love you all ! <3 
is wondering why .... why for everything . Stupid people , stupid boys , and pretty much stupid everything right now . Ready to learn the answers but I know that all of them won't be able to be answered . That is just stupid too ! lol 
sittin at home , bored . lol No friends around to < PROPFEMALE > out with . Watching NCIS eating chex mix with my doggies .... woohoo fun times lol 
why ....? 
wow , been a busy facebook day lol I guess that is what bordem does to someone . Now for a walk and laundry ! woohoo lol 
is lovin ' life and livin ' the dream ! 
is super stressed right now ! :/ 
is ready to get everything back on track and rollin ' right along with school . Hoping to pull off all A's and if not , all A's and B's . Did it last semester(history didn't count ! lol ) So I can do it this semester ! 
was completely upset last night when Antillano was not working at Los ! Not only just him not working but neither was < PROPMALE > ! Stupid < PROPMALE > Los , you aren't even as good , and give me my smokin ' hot mexican boy back ! lol 
thinks she has food poisioning because I am laying in my room absolutely miserable right now ! 
is going to try and practice , stomach still killing me :( But staying in a good mood trying to keep happy and positive ! lol 
LOST !!!!!!!!!! 
gah , I hate practicing and feeling like nothing was accomplished . 
had a very good practice , gonna practice more tonight ! 
well this has been a wonderful experience .... 
Just had the most amazing lesson ever !!! I am so excited for lessons again and soooo motivated to practice !!! Thank you Dr. Bro ! 
is having an amazing day ! Almost done with homework , had an amazing lesson , another lesson tomorrow , ready for the weekend and missing my babies sooooo bad ! 
is not having as good of a day as yesterday , my chops are shot from practicing so much , but still having a pretty good day . Can't decide if I want to go home this weekend or not ... 
Today over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in California , not to mention all the thousands of others in our own backyards . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your facebook status . We are willing to post colors of our underwear , and places we were born . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our ... 
is sooooo happy to see my babies !! I missed them so so SO bad ! Heehee ! Cutest doggies ever , and I don't care what anyone says ! lol 
really wants to get my lip pierced ... I would love to get the spider bite ! That is so cute ... but I don't think I could have it done .... :( stupid saxophone ..... I'm sorry I didn't mean it , I love you ! 
already knew I had an extreme , and by extreme I mean EXTREME phobia of spiders , but HOLY SHIT ! I have never ever freaked out as bad as I did tonight , I can barely move my jaw right now I was screaming and cryining so loud ... stupid nightterrors ! 
has decided that I am going to get my lip pierced ! :D 
is in a very strange mood right now .... hanging on the library with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mielcarek studying for this stupid 150 exam . Come join us if you want ! 
is really dreading this 150 exam :( I studied my butt off but will I remember a damn thing come tomorrow morning , no ofcourse not -_- 
is ready to go work out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mielcarek and get rid of some of this frustration and stress ! Come on 5 o'clock! 
wants to play pool , I just realized on friday that you could play pool in the sycamore lounge ! Yes pathetic I know , but I am never over there . So .... supper stoked to play some pool ! 
is going to Vincennese at 3 o'clock sharp , if anyone wants to go with call or text me ! :D 
is gonna try and play pool again . Lets see if I can do any better tonight . 
is quite nervous about thursday , getting my lip pierced after my lesson ..... eeeekkk ! heehee 
is having amazing time playing out by the fountain with < PROPFEMALE > West and Sharea < PROPFIRST > Bradshaw !!!!! One of the most amazing nights ever , I LOVE YOU GUYS !!! :D You are the bestest friends ever !! <3 
is super stoked to run through the fountain with < PROPFEMALE > West !!!! Finish the blog put my new bathing suit on and than ready to rock and roll ! 
sssooooooo excited about getting my lip pierced tomorrow , and SUPER stoked for this girls night out with < PROPFEMALE > West and Sharea < PROPFIRST > Bradshaw !!!! Ready to run through the fountain tonight !!! YAY ! 
is in a weird/not great mood . Time to chatroulette it up ! lol 
is FINALLY ready for the \OFFICIAL\ " girls night out that I hope will not get interupted by anything tonight . I want to do a fountain run sooo bad ! " 
is officially in love with < PROPMALE > from Lost ... wish he had a last name , but oh well ... he is still AMAZING !!! 
loves my lip ring ! It is really cute , will look sooo much better once I get a stud put in it ! 
just remembered that I have my freaking DDR here now !!!!!!!!! WOOT !!!!! Anyone who wants to play just let me know !!!! 
is reeeeaaallllly bored so if anyone wants to do anything please let me know ! haha 
wishes to find something I can do today .... any suggestions are gladly welcomed ! 
is going to the commons to get food , join me if you want ! :-) 
just found out the ISU have a freaking LARPing Guild !!! LMAO 
had an amazing night ! Now I am going to sleep ... since I didn't get very much last night since someone kept moving/kicking me * cough cough * lol 
is thinking I just saw the most epic moment of my entire life right now ! :D I LOVE YOU Sharea < PROPFIRST > Bradshaw !!! 
is in not a good mood today at all .... to many things going on . :-( 
loves my Sharea < PROPFIRST > Bradshaw sooo very much and misses her sooo badly ! :( Have a good time at home and I will see you soon ! <3 
could really use a pick me up right now . Feeling very overwhelmed , this has been a terrible semester . :-( 
is thinking that I am going to donate plasma tomorrow for the first time . I need some money lol . Reeds , for my alto and < PROPFEMALE > , neckstrap , gas , < PROPMALE > immersion weekend , and what not . If I can get my blood drawn pretty much every month don't see why this will make any difference lol 
is tired , has < PROPMALE > to write , and wanting to get some good sleep tonight ! Missing my Sharea < PROPFIRST > Bradshaw very very very veryyyyyyy bad ! Love you !!! Can't wait to see you ! :D <3 
is really stressing over school stuff right now .... going to be doing nothing but working really hard the next 5 weeks of school ! 
EVERYONE NEEDS TO WATCH WILLS VS . WILD PREMIER EPISODE TOMORROW !!! ( Monday ) BE THERE OR GET YOUR BUTT KICKED ! lol :D <3 Good job my brother ! 
is lovin ' life right now :-) 
is missing my babies sooooo bad right now :-( 
is worried right now ... :-( it is silly of me to be though haha 
has had the weirdest/horrible/amazing night ever !!! LOL 
confusion is not a very good state of mind 
I've been considering things that start with the letter M ... 
I've been considering things that start with the letter ' M ' .... 
is feeling extremly overwhelmed !! * pulling out hair smiley * 
all the best people are the ones that are crazy ;) 
so ... fountain runs at 5 a.m are the best ! lol :D 
is highly disappointed that the fountain is not going today , I was going to make a fountain run at midnight tonight for my birthday ! Dang it =[ 
is going to completely beat Mr. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Steen ! >=[ 
Thanks all my friends and family for the birthday wishes ! It was very nice ! I appreciate you all ! 
had an amazing weekend ! Wished it would have never ended . 
is pretty much flipping out right now ... o.O 
hopes everything goes okay today . :( 
has had an odd weekend and start to my week . I have fullfilled pretty much every emotion I have : rage , disappointment , excitment , joy , happiness , caring , and whatever else . But with all the bad and all the worry it has been wonderful in all ! Hoping everything todat goes well and nothing too horrible happens :( 
is extremly upset right now :( 
is going to have a boring week now that Mr. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Steen is going to be gone for awhile . :( Hopefully he will learn his lessons now ... 
is hopeing to finish this semester with good results . Sad day today but hopefull tomorrow will be better . Waiting to see what all happens tomorrow and depending on those results , looking forward to next Tuesday at 4:00 ! 
sigh .... aren't there supposed to be up's with the down's and not just down's and more down's ? :-( 
is really missing him right now ... is it Tuesday yet ? :/ 
needs to stop worrying about things that are already done and look ahead and salvage what I have left of the school year . -_- Hopefully next semester will be much better . Studying like a mad woman for my finals ! 
is having a hard time being able to describe exactly what I feel right now . Mainly thinking ... is it Tuesday yet ? :/ 
Comon weekend .... hurry up and get done and rush to Tuesday already .... :D 
has never wished for it to be a Tuesday this bad in her life :( so yeah ... is it Tuesday yet ? :/ 
is getting sick of people right now . Do people not realize that sometimes people act a certain way because it is a giant cry out for help ? 
is a little tooooo happy right now haha :D 
has some kick ass self-esteem going again ! For some reason ... waking up at 2 in the morning having to pee and having a huge rush of self-confidence is strange timing but hey I will take it ! 
sooo ..... tomorrow is Tuesday !!!!! Does anyone even possibly know how excited I am right now ??? I highly doubt it !! Teeheeeeee 
OMFG IT IS TUESDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why is it not 4 p.m yet !?!?!?! I am soooooo excited to see < PROPMALE > !!! :D 
So .... oh my god .... :D Had an amazing day ! 
is completely worn out for some reason .... hmm maybe it was from all the energy expended on my excitment today . 
sigh .... I really hope things don't go bad now since I have been haing a wonderful week ! 
so ... is there something stronger that can be said then \I miss you\ " because I know \ " I miss you\ " doesn't fit the feeling I have while I am away from you . " 
I feel freaking invincible today ! It is amazing !!! Thank you going to bed early , waking up early , and a nice wonderful cup of coffee with an espresso shot from my wonderful roommate < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > I love you ! 
is so ready for Monday night at midnight ! Can't wait to see < PROPMALE > again !! 
is starting to try and find my role in helping stop animal abuse . Starting with looking into what I can do to stop puppy mills ! 
just took my pledge to start fighting animal cruelty with the ASPCA !!! 
so ... I'm on the countdown . 33 hours until < PROPMALE > is out !! Yay ! 
is still counting down .... 26 hours until < PROPMALE > gets out !!! Woot !!! 
23 hours to go !! :D 
17 hours to go !!!! Getting so close ! teehee 
8 1/2 hours to go !!!!!! YAY !!!! It is getting soooo close ... time to waste some of those hours with a nap/practice/and laundry . 
5.5 hours to go !!!!!!!! I'm so ready to see < PROPMALE > again ! 
3.5 hours to go !!!!!!!!!! YAY ! ~ !!!!!!!!! 
30 MINUTES !!!!! :D :D :D 
has been a loooonnnggg night , hope that my Jury goes well tomorrow !!! 
is now in Indy with Mr. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Steen . 
is back in The Haute for a few hours then back to Indy with Mr. < PROPFIRST > Ybarra and Mr. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Steen !! For some Mexican goodies ! 
Back in The Haute :-( ready to go home . Not wanting to play at commencment on saturday . 
is off to a mystical journey to White Castle with my bestie < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !! Woot woot ! 
is finishing packing up everything in her room and heading home after commencement tonight ! 
is back in Loogootee . Putting everything back in my room . -_- 
is having one hell of a time organzing all this stuff ! haha 
finally got all my stuff organized and put in my room ! Woot ! Looks awesome . Ready for Thursday , and maybe Tuesday ! 
is starting to come up with plans ! Hopefully I can stick with them well and if so things will be great this summer and next semester ! 
wants to go to Indy really really bad :( 
has lost almost 30lbs !!!!! WOOT !!!! 
is feeling a little upset and more pissed right now then anything . I want to be in Indy so bad right now . 
is ready to go on this mini vacation with my mamma and mammaw ! 
is now in Kentucky . 
is extremly tired ... going to swim soon ! Woot ! Hot tub here I come ! Yeah ! 
it is Saturday and we leave tomorrow ... thank god ! 
is looking at cabins for Gatlinburg for this summer . Hopefully all the plans can go through well ! 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hearyour\ 
voice again . I thought of you today but that is nothing new . Ithought\ 
about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of youin \ 
silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and apicture\ 
in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll neverpart . \ 
God has you in his arms . I have you in my heart ... Re-post if youhave\ 
someone in Heaven . 
is in Indy . 
is in Indy 
is peeing . 
is really thinking hard about things ... and wishing there was an easy way to tell if something is the right thing to do or not ... 
' s debit card got stolen this week apparently . -_- Wonderful ... no idea where it could have gotten stolen at . 
is going back to work tomorrow . 3-11 ; Service desk at least . Ugh hopefully it will go by fast . 
first day of work down ! Woot lol Wasn't too bad , work 11-8 tomorrow . service deak again yeah ! Come visit me if ya want , company at < PROPMALE > Wal-Mart Store #0870 is always welcome ! LOL 
needs advice !! 
thinks she heard the best form of advice for men . If you love a girl you better tell her , and don't just hint it , straight out tell her . Or you will lose her . 
OMFG ! Lost made me ball my eyes out . I can't believe it is over ... Thank you Lost(All the cast , producers .. and what not ) for the best 6 years of my life !!! 
is trying to find someone I can have regular conversations with preferrably at night before I go to bed . 
is happier then I have ever been in my life . But I still need someone to talk to really bad . Even through all the great days I have a few bed . Today was one of the bad . 
is so ready to get away from here . 
just got back from Bravos ! Teehee . I gave my smokin ' hot mexican a kiss on the cheek and he kissed my cheek too ! TEEHEE :D 
is wishing I had someone who would switch my hours this weekend :( 
Women \ 
will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a \ 
bald head and a beer gut , and still think they are sexy . 
so it has been a very interesting weekend . 
thinks life is very interesting at times and very hard to understand . This would be the perfect time for a sign . 
“When in doubt , make a fool of yourself . There is a microscopically thin line between being brilliantly creative and acting like the most gigantic idiot on earth . So what the hell , leap . ” ~ Cynthia Heimel 
has decided that I was supposed to be a 70's child . Especially after watching < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show . Fabulous ! Absolutely loved it . 
has never done drugs so\ 
I wouldn't know exactly but I do believe that the new anti-depressant \ 
my psychiatrist put me on just gave me a bad trip . I was laying in bed \ 
looking at the walls and things moving and everything was checkerd and \ 
like I was looking through a kaleidoscope !!! Messed up man ... just freaky \ 
LMAO 
misses Sharea Bradshaw , < PROPFIRST > Ybarra , Kynslee Niccole Roberts , < PROPFIRST > Busboom < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mielcarek . Pretty much all my Terre Haute buddies . Love you all ! 
wishes there was more I could do ... 
couldn't even imagine . 
is such a worry wart and I wish I wasn't . 
wishes and prayes every minute that something will happen , and something good . 
finally has my schedule all worked out for next semester ! SOOOOO Happy they are finally doing Theory II and Skills II in the fall . I think it is cool that Mr. < PROPMALE > Pennington is going to be teaching both classes . Should be a good time hahaha . Gratz Mr. Pennington ! 
Poke me if you ever had a crush on me , like this status if you think I'm\ 
a goodfriend , inbox me if you want a relationship with me , comment on\ 
thisstatus if we have had good memories . Now let's see who's brave\ 
enough to copy and paste this onto their status (: 
is thinking I need to get a better schedule planned . I need to practice ... 
just bought myself two fishies !!! I got a male and a female beta . < PROPFIRST > and Jill ... they are beautiful :D 
wants an IPhone and is hopefully going to get one sooooon :D 
is sick of people's shit . Sick of being treated like shit , and is sick of being treated like I am a 12-year-old dumbass . Because of yeah I forgot ... I totally act like like . SILLY ME forgetting things like that . 
is getting ready and heading to Terre Haute for the night . Going to have a lovely girls night with K . < PROPFIRST > Romero ! :D 
is at The Haute . 
is back in Loogootee :( 
wishes I was in Indy . 
ABSOLUTELY LOVES < PROPFEMALE > OSBOURNE !!!!!!!!!!!!! I never had an idol until I saw her for the first time on Americas Got Talent , she is my idol . I aspire to be like her . She is freaking fabulous !!!! <3 :D Wish I could meet her . 
not even 24 hours into it and i am soooo sick of this splint and sling my arm is in . :( Wishes I was in Indy . 
ok scratch that , wshes I was in Bloomington swimming . grrr Stupid work . stupid splint . 
'' What do you say to taking chances ? What do you say to jumping off the edge ? Never knowing if there's solid ground below , or hand to hold , or hell to pay . '' 
is confussed and wishes there was an easy answer to lifes questions . 
is sick of a lot of things and coming to a lot of new realizations . 
is soooooooooooooooo over this . 
was in The Haute today and wishes I was still there :( 
is it the weekend yet ....? 
just wants to type : aianjsbjdispbjfnbdojdnkfnkasmkankasnodnjf nkdnoaoaosaknfjnjdbvjhbjfnekNkonondonsokndfhinklaNKOSD[hfipgsdunjkfod[hui9ssheo;enojencdsjbzjcidhsizcndjvbgcidabsjcbdisvbdfjipbgviebjro[bqjibaso'ndcol 
reallyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy wants to watch bleach !!!!! OMG KISUKE URAHARA !!!! 
oh the tangled webs we weave ..... 
WORDS CAN NOT DESCRIBE HOW MUCH I LOOOOOVE < PROPMALE > Curry AND THE < PROPMALE > HORROW PICTURE SHOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
\Give yourself over to absolute pleasure . \"- < PROPMALE > Curry " 
wants a < PROPMALE > salad with crunchy cheese and garlic croutons , bacon bits , and sliced carrots with some garlic bread sticks .... mmm wal-mart here I come ... on my day off -_- But it is pay day !!! 
is enjoying some delicious pasta that my amazing mommy < PROPFEMALE > Stinson made with the amazing garlic bread sticks and < PROPMALE > salad that I made ! :D 
is going for a walk :D woohoo go power ! 
really hates a certain someone right now ... grr .... 
oh my ... we now have an \The Best of ... I Love the 90's\ " SWEET BALLS ! lol " 
I JUST DID MY FIRST DESK POP !! 
OMFG Inception was sooooo amazing !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hmmm anyone have any ideas of something to do tonight ? I am bored lol 
is excited ? Yes with a question mark ... since apparently people don't know how to respond to questions anymore ... grr 
is wondering if it is Tuesday yet !? The plans better work out or I will be pissed ! lol 
is highly disappointed right now .... 
how many mosquitoes did it take to screw in a light bulb ? 2 ... a male and a female . HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA 
If I should die before I wake , it's cause you took my breathe away . Living without you is living in a world with no air . 
is thinking about just giving up ... 
is getting ready to eat some fish sticks and it is making me think of a mister K . < PROPFIRST > Romero and making me miss my pappa really bad . D: 
loves my mommy < PROPFEMALE > Stinson very very much :D <3 Best mom in the world ! 
\Somehow I'm still alive inside . Took my breathe ... but I survived ... I don't know how but I don't even care ! \"" 
'' This time baby I'll be bullet proof!'' 
loves the mini game of chicken you play with the other car as you are going over a hill on a country road . 
'' Promise me you'll always remember that you are braver then you believe , stronger then you seem , and smarter then you think . '' < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > to Pooh 
'' I feel so untouched now , I need you so much now , I just can't resist you , its not enough to say that I miss you . '' 
can't wait to get my perm this week !! :D Anyone have any suggestions on how I should style my hair then please send it my way I am open to new ideas ! :D <3 
is not going to be able to get my perm until next week :( dang it . But I am still excited to get it !! :D 
loves my babies so much ! They are the sunshine of my life ! Heehee ... what good doggies . < PROPMALE > and Sissy ... I loves them very very much :) <3 <3 
needs some me time .... 
\Women\ 
has decided that guys suck .... lol 
is going to bed to get up to go to work early .... ugh 7-3 shift . Blah . hahaha 
had to call into work today :-( my knees are super swollen . 
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass ... it's about learning to dance in the rain . <3 
has decided I have never been in so much pain in my life .... :[ 
finally got my perm today and i completely love it ! :-) 
Redheads ... because someone has to be sexy as hell ! >:) <3 
Stupid cortisone injections making me retain water and gain weight : ' -( grrr ! 
GOING BACK TO ISU SUNDAY !!!!!! WOOOHOOOO !!!!!!!!!! :D 
IS BACK AT ISU !!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT !!! 
got done with my audition and it actually went amazingly well !!! WOOT !! Plus finally got my schedule figured out ! YAY !!! 
is it not an obvious thing to people that the only reason I will ever act bitchy to you is if you do something to me that pisses me off ... and I will give you a fair warning that hey , that pisses me off , before I actually get bitchy about it . Is that so hard for people to understand ? I don't get bitchy for no freaking reason ... 
is having a wonderful day !!! :D 
absolutely loves Mumford and Son's!! They are quite awesome in my opinion . <3 
just loves having bombs like that dropped on me .... 
MADE IT INTO WIND ORCHESTRA AGAIN !!!!! Back on the < PROPFEMALE > !!! WOOOHOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!! :D <3 <3 <3 
has got dat detroit < PROPFEMALE > goin on . Whoop ! Lol :-P 
is so happy to be back at ISU :-) 
is just having way to much fun ..... XD 
wishes my stomach would stop hurting :( 
thinks that a CD of whale noises is strange .... it is NOT soothing or relaxing in any way . That shit is angry man ! They are like yelling at each other man !!! 
can call this day a success . I just taught my dogs how to eat from a fork ! Woot ! XD :3 
wishes this stupid flu would go away ! GRRRR !!! 
I <3 a cozy bed and comfy pillows on a day I don't feel very good . 
apparently has a sinus infection and not just the flu :-( 
really ... had to go to the freaking ER ! Can this week get any worse ? 
is just sick of so much shit . 
is ready for a great week . :D 
wishes all this would go away . :( 
has never had this kind of pain before so can honestly say this is a new kind of never been is so much pain ... -_- 
is cleaning my room and then packing up and going home . Getting to see my family doctor tomorrow . Hopefully will get something figured out ... :/ 
It is days like this that make me wonder about so many things . 
Hates some people sometimes ... 
Dear self ... stop getting sick and get things together ! Thanks . 
is going to Vincennese today at 2:30 ... anyone want to go with ? :) 
Anybody up for supper around 630 or 7 ? 
Still doesn't have a dinner < PROPMALE > :( 
Anybody down for a glee party at 8 !?!? Woohoo ! 
-\Dude you have a huge mouth ... how many tennis balls can you fit in there ? \ " -\" I don't know I've never had any balls in my mouth ... have you ? \ " \ 
Oh my god ... why me ... really ...? 
Well first i have to say : YES !!!!!!!!!! Mission complete !!!! I finally finished my room and it looks amazing ! And two : it is a completely gorgeous fall morning ! 
is sick of getting migraines ! I need some < PROPFEMALE > . I want to make some tea ... :( 
hurray first theory exam today ! Think I am going to do pretty well on it . XD 
had a very long and not very nice weekend .... ugh . 
I'm soooooooo tired of being sick :( Why do I have to be the one getting sick all the time ? :'( 
a nice long shower when I am sick is always a good thing . :D I feel a little better now ... not great but a little better . Wish we could afford for me to get these stupid tonsils taken out -_- . 
likes it on the bedroom floor ! 
had a great day and getting ready to go to bed so I can see my babies tomorrow ! YAY !!! 
is craving some < PROPFIRST > Johns right now . lol 
has been chillin with a Mr. Zac Cox for the last few days and it has been a wonderful time . XD 
is wondering what to wear for the concert tonight ... 
has had an incredible last few nights XD 
gets to go home and see my babies this weekend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAY I MISSED THEM SOOOOOOO BAD !!!! XD <3 <3 <3 
finds myself yet again wondering why i came home . 
is happy to back at ISU with a Mr. Zac Cox !! XD love you babe . 
today has been a good day !! <3 <3 <3 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice . People who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and past this , will you ... make it your status ... for at least one hour ?? Promote LOVE & ACCEPTANCE , not hate ! DON'T FORGET TO WEAR PURPLE TOMORROW !!! 
honestly just can't wait for the weekend . :D <3 
is not having the greatest day right now . 
realized a lot tonight . Ready and excited for the weekend but interested in seeing the outcome and the results . It is going to be very interesting ... hope you are ready for it Mr. Zac Cox !! :P <3 
had a great weekend with Zac Cox . :) 
looks like I will probably be leaving ISU for now . :( But for my health and well being so I can come back even better ! 
is getting all the paperwork and things ready to be filled out and seeing what will happen next .... :( Sad day but I need it . Medical withdraw will be the best decision for me right now . 
thank you Mr. < PROPMALE > Greenwell for the beautiful < PROPFEMALE > . :) Don't know if I told you but that is the first < PROPFEMALE > I have ever received from a guy lol even if it was just for a laugh it was still very sweet . :) Thank you . 
getting more paperwork done . 
eyes are most certain BLUE/GREY and not green !! Mr. Zac Cox ! :P <3 
is having a wonderful time with < PROPMALE > Greenwell , < PROPFIRST > Ybarra , and K . < PROPFIRST > Romero !! Watched almost two movies already and who knows what else the night entails !! XD 
will never ever do that again lol -_- 
is watching < PROPFIRST > and the Giant Peach with < PROPFIRST > Busboom for the first time in yearsssssssss ! I forgot just how messed up this movie is . Wow ... 
what the hell is the \\\\_/ emoticion mean !?!?! 
oh gawd . Time for another movie with Mr. < PROPFIRST > Busboom . Cop and a half . Let's see how this goes . 
When you want something get it yourself . When you feel something needs to be changed change it . When you decide to love some love them until you can't love them anymore . We only have one time to live life so might as well make the best of it . 
why does this have to happen to me right before I leave school ? 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s tonight with Zac Cox I am excited ! XD 
doesn't know what to believe anymore . 
is going home tonight to go to the doctor tomorrow . 
feels like crap :( . 
If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best ! :3 
wants an < PROPFEMALE > wolfhound . :-) 
is in The Haute for the jazz band concert tonight and to see Zac Cox whom I missed very much XD 
needs a psychic or something . Ugh . 
I've been the girl in 500 days of summer and now i feel like the guy . 
does not want to start work tomorrow but at least I got a promotion !! Woot ! 
I think i forgive people way to easily . 
finds myself having little faith in true love anymore . 
has never been so broken hearted in my life . 
is so sick of everything in my life right now . Apparently good things don't like me . 
is extremely pissed right now . Can't believe this keeps happening to me . 
is feeling much better today about thing . But I am extremely sick . :( Went back to the doc again today . 
ughhhh so tired of being sick :( 
it is so beautiful out today XD 
feels completely terrible today . X ( 
is in a weird place in my life right now . 
wants to be back at school :( 
knows this sounds cliche and silly sometimes but \when the going gets tough the tough get going\ " has recently become a very good phrase in my life . :) " 
wishes things were different but must be patient ... very patient right now . 
just be happy ... yes it actually sometimes can be that easy . 
is not having a good day . :( 
feels like it has been a successful day . XD 
has been extremely pisssed today and extremely sad and now I am just kind of blah ... but excited for later . XD 
is having a great night . :D 
\Won't tell anyone how you turn my world around . I won't tell anyone how your voice is my favorite sound . Won't tell anybody . Won't tell anybody . They want to see us fall . They want to see us fall . \"" 
yes patients is a virtue but actually learning to be more patient is possibly the worst thing I have ever done . 
really wishes that Antillano would get his phone fixed or at least come see me in wal-mart . X ( 
YAY !!!! Antillano used his friends phone to call me ! He is going to come see my after work tomorrow ! XD 
is ready to go to work so I can see Antillano tonight ! :D :D :D 
\We may only have tonight ... but ' tul the morning sun your mine ! All mine ! Play the music low and sway to the rhythm of love . \"" 
has had a terrible night . :'( 
has gone from having a terrible night to a completely awful one . Honestly one of the worst nights I have had in awhile . 
is done . 
can't talk but barely a whisper . >:( 
What the Hell is with this weather ? I don't even need a jacket . Barely need a hoodie ! :( i want my winter weather . 
has actually had a very good day . :) 
Your car is Canadian . Your Vodka is Russian . Your pizza is Italian . Your kebab is Persian . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Brazilian . Your movies are American . Your tea is Tamil . Your shirt is Indian . Your oil is Saudi Arabian . Your electronics are Chinese . Your < PROPFIRST > Arabic , your letters Latin . And you complain that your neighbor is a immigrant ??? Pull yourself together . Copy if your against racism ! 
I can't help but think we could have had it all . 
had a wonderful night with my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Busboom !!!!!! I MISSED YOU SO MUCH !!!! 
I'm tough , i'm ambitious , and I know what I want . If that makes me a bitch then ... okay . - < PROPFEMALE > . 
Whatever's meant to be will work out perfectly ! 
is getting my tonsils and adenoids taken out tomorrow . Going to the hospital at 9:30 . Wish me luck . Off work for 10 days . Wonderful Christmas ... 
is in a lot of pain but the surgery was a success ... thanks to all my friends for wishing me luck .... oh wait no one did ... 
is definitely in a lot more pain today then I was yesterday . I just want to be able to eat normal food but that is apparently a few days away . Oh well . Thing are actually going really well with other things in my life right now so I can't really complain . :D 
.................. 
Has decided that i am completely in love with the Leonberger breed of dog . They are completely gorgeous ! 
\I just want you for my own . More then you could ever know . \"" 
just doesn't know what I will think or how I will feel once I come out of this daze I've been in since my surgery . Hopefully won't last long and will come out of it soon . 
Got a new perm today and I think I am completely in love ! 
And I can't help but think we could have had it all .... 
Seem to stop my breath , my head on your chest waiting to cave in , from the bottom of my ... hear your voice again , can we dim the sun and wonder where we've been ? Maybe you and me , so kiss me like you did ! My heart is stopped beating , such a softer sin ! I'm melting , I'm melting in your eyes , I lost my place , could stay awhile . 
misses her bestest friend in the whole world < PROPFIRST > Busboom !!! Wishes that I could see him more . :( LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
\I can't care to worry . I'm feeling so lonely . Breaking apart all this love in my heart . ' Cause feelings mean nothing at all . Now all those feelings those yesterdays feelings will all be lost in time . But today I've wasted away for today is on my mind . \"" 
OMG !!! BEST DAY I HAVE HAD IN QUITE A LONG TIME !!!!! XD XD XD 
Wishes so many things could have turned out different ... 
Is quite excited to start my new night shift CSM position this week !!! WOOT ! 
has my first night shift tonight ! Wish me luck ! 
My joints have been really hurting lately . :( Stupid cold weather , I love you yet I despise you ! 
is in a strange mood today . Can't wait for Wednesday ! 
\I won't tell anybody how you make my world go round . I won't tell anyone how your voice is my favorite sound . \"" 
\And I can't help but feel like we could have had it all ... \"" 
lovely ... wake up at 2:30 this morning with a migraine and had to call into work :( In a crappy mood and have a bad feeling that I can't get rid of ... =( 
\All the time I wasted on you . All the bull shit you put me through . Checking into rehab ' cause everything that we had didn't mean a thing to you ! \"" 
had an amazing night ! 
I think that this season of RuPaul's Drag Race is going to be amazing !! XD 
Is very tired this morning . 
\The scars of your love they leave me breathless . I can't help feelin ' like we could of had it all ! \"" 
So Ditch-1 and my Car-0 ... wonderful . Entire front end of my car is completely detached . Just love having to pull out my grill from the snow/mud bank . X ((( 
Life get's kind of boring sometimes . Wish that a lot of things would change . 
$ 2,580 . 00 to fix my car ! -_- 
Doesn't have a < PROPFIRST > for the first time in almost 7 years . Oh well ! hahahahahah 
Now has a < PROPFIRST > ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > Hurley ! You're awesome ! hahaha 
My hair has gotten so long ! I love it !! 
Gets my car back today or tomorrow . After a new remodel of the front I guess I should get on it and clean out the inside ! Definitely going to do that as soon as I get it back since it is actually nice out ! GET BELLIGERENT ! Total clean man ! vacuum in the crevasses and dusting and everything ! WOOT ! Go cleaning power HUSSAH ! lmao . XD 
Welp talk about perspective change . :-) feeling good ! 
I want to make some life habit changes . XD GO ME ! 
Just got my car back ! 
I really forget just how much i love my car until i haven't driven it for a few weeks . Man i missed it !! XD 
Has come to find that when you have a car accident that it will mess up more things then you can even realize . :/ like the freaking light to my radio ! 
had an amazing night last night !! XD 
\Gun's don't kill people . Giant gaping holes in vital organs kill people ! \ " LMFAO ! " 
Welp my life has officially turned into a Mexican soap opera ... -_- 
Oh the tangled webs we weave . But I did have an amazing night partying at my house with < PROPFEMALE > Hayworth , Scrapy Velazquez , Antillano Hernandez , and < PROPFIRST > Martinez ! 
I have decided that all men are lier's! 
Is thinking about staying up all night and going on a walk early in the morning ! XD 
Is so confused and I think I just give up . 
There are some days where i am really happy that i took this semester off of school . Today is definitely one of those . Hope Antillano is ok ... 
The scares of your love remind me of us . They keep me thinking that we could have had it all !! 
Welp ... this life just keeps getting better and better . 
Has been thinking about a lot of things lately . 
Wishes people would make up their minds . 
So i just try to keep telling myself ' don't make someone a priority in your life if you are only an option in theirs ' but it is sometimes hard to do . 
I wish my babies could know how much joy they bring to my life and just exactly how much I love them . How i would do anything I could for them and how they are my everythings ! 
I have an amazing boyfriend ! :-D 
I AM GETTING A IPHONE 4 IN A FEW DAYS !!! 
Has decided I have the most absolutely amazing boyfriend ever ! 
I really really miss school right now . But I really don't want to leave my amazing boyfriend behind when I go back to school . But oh well , I love him so much and he loves me just as much so I don't think I will have a problem . I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK !!!!!!! 
My boyfriend got me the most beautiful promise ring ! AMO < PROPFIRST > mucho mucho mucho ! 
I just got my new smartphone and I am loving it !!!!! 
Welp so far 12 minutes into my birthday and it is great ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes !! 
I love my boyfriend so so much . He is the best boyfriend in the world . AMO < PROPFIRST > mi amor mi < PROPFEMALE > y mi todos ! 
I love my boyfriend so much . I dont know how I ever got so lucky to have him in my life ! AMO MUCHO MUCHO MUCHO < PROPFIRST > !! 
