need to focus more on myself then others ! 

i can't wait for the new day to start ... i have so much to do that i just want to get it done and over with ... 
eating a popcicle and mrssing around on facebook and myspace ... 
it would be weird to have the name < PROPFEMALE > !! 
today is looking up for me ... i feel great and hopefully the feeling will last through out the day ! I miss my sis and my kids ... at least my sis will be home tomorrow ... i can't wait ! 
want to make new friends so if anyone wants to talk hit me up ! 
saddend by the fact that this month is the aniversary of two of my friends passing and my wedding aniverery(i am divorced by the way ) i am very depressed and can't do anything to get out of it ! HELP !!! 
doing better since i talked w my sis about everything ! i love her sooo much !! 
my baby girl called me today !! I love it when she does that !! 
glad to have the friends and family that i have ... i hope to make some new friends to add to my life ... once u r in i will do anything for u ... 
i am soooooooooooooo bored !!!!!!! 
i need to stop being so anxious so that i can go to bed !!!! 
sometimes people can't work because of injuries or diabilities ... then i think it is right ... 
i want to take a nap .... 
wish that i could have talked to my kids today ... they were camping ... what fun !! i miss being able to do that ! 
praying for my sister ! i don't want to loose her !! 
just waking up to a nice hot cup of < PROPFIRST > ! 
I need a vacation !!! 
miss my zaki ... i miss talking to him ... 
should i get my hair cut in an a line cut where it is really shotr in the back and longer in the front ? 
i hate that i feel like everyone is against me and me getting better ... i just need a little help now and then ! 
wish that i was normal and didn't have the feelings that i have about myself and my surroundings and my family ... 
i think that fathers that take the mothers of their children away from them are loosers and cowards ... they don't have the best interest of the kids invilved and are selfish ... my ex husband just wants pitty and for people to think that i am a bad person .. screw him .. he is the one that needs help and so does his family !! 
i hate men right now ... all i want is one to let me know that they r not all loosers ... is that too much to ask !!! 
i think that i am going to try to find a nice girlfrend instead of a guy ... mybe it will be better ! 
< PROPMALE > is an evil , evil man ... 
i have a better outlook on life today ... i will NOT let my ex bring me down and I will start to be me again or at least try to find out what that is now ... i really miss being me !! 
what the hell did i do to worrent people not liking me or wanting to be my friend anymore ? i understand my ex and his family but why ? 
what did i do to make people not want to be my friend anymore ? i understand my ex's family but why others ? 
scared for my sister ... i need my friends to pray for her ! 
my sister is so ungreatful for what is being done for her ... she didn't realize shit when whe weht to the er ... she will be back to her old self soon !! 
i love my parents .. they are the best and support me in me getting better so that i can get my kids back ! 
very depressed today ... i miss my old life so much and i wish that i was better and normal again ... i hate this ! 
misssing my freinds someithing bad !! i wish I wasn't so far away !! 
my ex finally is letting me talk to my kids but i can't keep doing this back and for th shit ! 
glad that i got to talk to my kids last night !! i miss them so very much but i am planning a trip there next year ... i can't wait ! :) 
i just got the worst feeling in the world ... I AM THE MOM AND NO ONE CAN TAKE THAT AWAY FROM ME ! THOSE KIDS R MINE JUST AS MUCH AS RONS ! 
go cardnials !! 
i think i might have found a guy that might be worth it !! 
really want my crush to like me and not be an ass like so many others !! 
wounded from all of the crap that has been said about me by my ex husband ... he has no idea how much words hurt ... i lost a lot of people i thought were my friends ... i am sooo lonely here !! :( 
really would like to find someone that i can < PROPFEMALE > out with and maybe even have a relationship with !! 
this is the worst time of year for me ... my kids r so far away and i hate it ... the holiday season is supposed to be a happy one ... not for me :( 
found my < PROPFEMALE > in the rough ! 
right now i really dislike men ... got stood up on a date and it really hurts me ! 
well things r looking up again ... maybe i have too big a heart but i am meeting him tomorrow for a date .. i hope it works out !! 
if anyone knows how i can get a hold of < PROPMALE > hingle from roseburg or umpqua oregon let me know ... i miss him and want to talk to him ! 
it looks like i might be having a hysterectamy ... what fun !! i just want all this pain to go away ... it has been months since i have felt good ... 
can't wait to meet THE ONE !! I thought that i had it once but i was wrong ... trial and error seems to be the key ... i know whoever it is is worth waiting for !! 
i can't wait to see my babies ... i miss them soooo very much ... it has almost been two years now ... WAY too long !! 
i know who is the bitch that called cps on me a couple years ago ... u will DEFINATLY get what is coming to u u f-ing bitch !!! 
happy 29th birthday to me today !! All alone though ! :( 
I love my kids and I can't wait to see them ... soon but not soon enough ... i wish that i didn't have to go another christmas without them !! 
wondering where i am going to be this year ... lots to think about and lots to accomplish !! Thank God i have a great friend here to help me through it all !! 
can't wait to go to roseburg to see my kids and my friends ... it has been too long .. i may not want to leave !! 
some people don't realize that their lives are just as bad as mine if not worse before they talk shit about me !! it amazes me !! 
i love my friends !!! 
sometimes things happen for a reason and it is great when that reason bites u in the ass ... i love my friends and can't wait to see them !! 
wondering if i will ever find a person that is right for me ... a kind harted person w a sense of humor and that isn't possesive ... maybe its impossible but i can still dream !! 
can't wait for super bowl !! GO SAINTS !! ;) 
People never watch the Super Bowl for the football ... they watch it for the commercials !! The rock ! 
NO MORE DRAMA PLEASE !! I AM NOT HERE TO START A RELATIONSHIP WITH ANYONE UNLESS IT IS A FRIENDSHIP ... 
know someone that writes songs 4 test tube jesus ... 
looking 4 a car under $1000 ... NO RED !! if u know of any let me know !! 
life is getting better for me ... things seem to be going my way 4 the time being ... i love when that happens !! 
can't wait to go to oregon ... am excited to see my kids and my friends ... am making new friends here in az and lovin it ... i need human interaction ... i forgot ow much i like to be around others !! 
happy that my life is finally going in the right direction ... i am meeting new friends and it is great ... i miss my old friends but i have to do something while i am in arizona ... my son will be 3 on tuesday and my daughter will be 5 on easter ... i can't beleive this is my last year being in my 20's ... how sad ... getting to old too fast ... 
i am excited that at the fact that my life is getting better and I LOVE IT !!! i still REALLY miss my kids but all that i am doing right now is for my kids ... i need to get into a great place so that they can get the care from me that they deserve !! they are wonderful kids !! :) 
everyone needs to try Social City ... it's a lot of fun ... add me if u do !! :) 
my little ones r growing up without me around and it kills me . my son turned 3 yesterday and my daughter turns 5 on easter . it kills me that i can't be there ! 
my daughter sophias 5 th b day tomorrow ... i can't wait to see my babies in june !! 
Happy birthday to my little girl sophia ... she is 5 today at 10:11 pm tonight to be exact ! :) 
PLEASE SEND ME STUFF FOR FARMVILLE ... I NEED STUFF TO FINISH MY BUILDINGS PLEASE !! 
EVERYONE JOIN SOCIAL CITY AND ADD ME AS A NIEGHBOR !! LOADS OF FUN !!! 
MY SISTER IS OUT OF MY LIFE NOW ... I AM NOT GOING TO TAKE ANYMORE OF HER SHIT ANYMORE !! SHE TREATS MY PARENTS LIKE SHIT AND CALLS ME EVERY NAME UNDER THE SUN ... SCREW HER ... 
i have a crush on a guy ... he is sweet and cute ... he might be a little young but thats ok ... i haven't fellt like this in a very long time ... i love it ! i am just out to have some fun ... i think i deserve it ! :) 
MY FRIENDS !!!!! PLEASE JOIN SOCIAL CITY AND THEN ADD ME AS A FRIEND !! IT IS A LOT OF FUN !!!! I NEED U GUYS !! 
everyone please add social city and then add me as a neighbor !! pLEASE ... its a lot of fun !! 
please add social citty and then add me as ur neighbor please !! 
i don't know if i want to do this dating thing ... my feelings get hurt too easy ... i think that i am too sensetive and need to get over it but i can't help it ... i am lonely and want someone to care about me more then just a friend ... i need it !! 
maybe i shouldnt give up on love just yet !! 
I am so confused . I am going to go to Oregon in June and I don't want to . I mean , I want to see my kids and my friends but for some reason I really don't want to go . I am affraid of being back in the burg . REALLY don't want to see my ex or his family and all of th e other people there that think that I am crazy . I just can't help the way I feel . I know that I am not going to want to leave . 
f-ing hate being betrayed ... that that was all over with ... guess not 
i am done with everyone now ... can't trust anyone ... have to start fresh ... 
wondering how i got so lucky with the situation that i am in right now ... some may say that it is not good but it is a deffinate improvemnt from 2 years ago ... i love my life here in AZ ... just need my old friends and my kids and it would be complete !!! 
I really wish that my ex would send me some GOOD pics of my kids !! thanks < PROPFEMALE > for posting some !! they r great ... i don't think he understands that i miss them and want to see them ! 
Why can't I get a break frm the drama in oregon ?! It is wearing me down pretty thin ! I hate oregn ! 
wish that all the drama that is in oregon would go away ... i know that it is impossible but a girl can wish !! i just want to have a life here in az that i can be proud of ... and thanks to all of my new friends here for helping me out with that !! :) 
woke up late and lovin it ! I needed it bad ! 
someone is going to get his balls cut off and thrown in a blender ... some men are such pigs and need to be put away or put down to protect our society of little ones ... 
wondering if its all worth it ... feeling this way is not healthy . 
loosing the battle for a complete and full life . 
i am sooooo lonely !! i need to feel special and needed and i want to be with someone that i can have fun with ... that is what i am wishing 4 right now ... 
what a day ... thanks to a certain person at < PROPMALE > that told me Happy Mothers Day first !! U r a great guy !! hope we can become friends ! 
what a migrane ! cause of yesterday ! I'm . going to try to make it go away asap but I'm sure it will be around all day ... 
lonely ... just want to find someone that will love me 4 me ... 
is there really anyone out there that i can have fun with and tell my feelings to and care for with out boundries ? is there such a person left ? 
I was supposed to talk to my kids on skype but my dad deleted it and I can't get it to download right ... I'm a really pissed right now ! 
sick as shit and i have a biopsy tomorrow ... what fun !!! i just can't wait to get back to work and my normal life again !! i really do love my job ! 
just got done w my biopsy ... really tired and out of it ... going to take my pain meds and take a nap 
< PROPFEMALE > Ericson needs our prayers for a FB friend'sdaughter . Keep Audrin < PROPMALE > and her family in prayer today . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you seethis post , even if you don't know her , God knows ... Please post this to yourprofile for one hour and say a prayer for that little girl .. 
am I too forward for guys ? do I scare them or something ?! wtf ... I would love to have a relationship w a nice guy close by that I can give all the love I have in my heart . 
worried about my mom ... hope she is ok ... may have to have surgery !! I DON\T LIKE THAT !! will find out more on thursday ! " 
i can't beleive how much my son looks like my dad when he was younger !! the Kirschenmann < PROPFIRST > is strong in that one !! LOL 
alive again I feel ... trying something that will change my life forever ... i have faith that it will be for the better ... I already feel great about the decision ! 
I'm done talking w everyone and anyone . no good ever comes w it and no one understands my thoughts and actions . I'm done . just going to keep quiet I guess . 
doing better today ... trying to figure out who my \yrue\ " friends r ... i really want some here in az to < PROPFEMALE > out w and go to clubs/bars w ... " 
when i look into the past i get sad escpecially when i see all the events and pics of my kids doing things that i never got to be apart of ... i know that all i can do is look forward and remember that i am a better person now and what ia < PROPFEMALE > doing now is all for them ... but my heart still hurts ... it always will .... 
im sorry to all of the people that i hurt and made think that i haven't changed . i really am trying ... i know that sometimes it may not show it but i am ... i dont want to be like this ... i want a normal lif ( well , as normal as possible i guess ) ... please accept my appoligizes 
25 more days until i'll be in oregon and 27 more days until i get to see my babies !!!!!!!! I'M SOOOOOOOOOOOO EXCITED !!!! CAN U TELL !!! 
my beautiful baby girl !! she is still such a ham !! 
glad my sissy added me ... miss her and will always love her ... no matter how much of a pain in the ass she is !! LOL ;) 
surgery tomorrw at 8 am ... what fun !!! NOT !! 
25 more days until i see my kids ... 23 days until im in oregon ... the count down has started !! 
i wish the best to < PROPFIRST > ... a man that is a very caring , loving man that likes everyone and everyone likes him . I hope that this year gets easier and that at the end , everyone that knows < PROPFIRST > will remember him as a man of great wisdom , of great spirit , and of just being an all around great person . I love u < PROPFIRST > and Sherrel ... I hope that u both have not forgotten that . I really wish the best for your whole family . 
It's < PROPFIRST>'s birthday !! Happy birthday !! Man , your getting old !! LOL says the chicks that's almost 30 ! LOL ... 
in soooooo much pain from my surgery ! it has been hours but the pills r finally kicking in . this really sucks ! 
Please ask me anything , send me anonymous questions ! make sure to click the link : http://ama.honestybox.com/i/1160904385 
tired and sore today ... i guess that is to be expected ... ordered some movies online today ... i hope they get here before my trip to OR ... can't wait to see everyone !! 
I may be unperfect in many ways ; I may not always know how to express myself in the right way ; I may get upset at the dumbest things at times ; I may not be the most attractive girl out there ; But I know that I try to be true to myself and try to be the person that I think is right for me ... I think that is all that anyone can ask of themselves because no one is perfect . 
@ the er . what fun ! not ! still have a lot of pain from my surgery . this really sucks ! 
the ER sucked ... got poked and proded ... UTI and some residuale pain from my surgery ... have to take it easy this weekend ... i really hate being a woman !! 
in a lot of pain ... this REALLY sucks !!! it hurts to do ANYTHING !!! WTF !!!! 
what cell phone carrier does everyone have and do u like it ? thinking about switching and want to see who is the most popular . 
back @ the er ... sick as shit ! I really hate this ! 
feeling like shit today AGAIN ! i can't wait to feel better ... boss not too happy with it all but what am i going to do ? i can barely take a shower let a lone stand for 6 hours ! 
why is being a lone so hard ? u would think that i would be used to it by now but i miss being loved and loving someone else in return ... when am i going to be apart of something special again ? 
about a week and I will be in oregon ... I can't wait to see my kids ! its been too long since I've seen them ... I just hpe it doesn't rain while I'm there ! 
anybody that hasn't seen Shutter Island should see it ... i personally can't see it again cause it hate WAY to close to home for me ... i can't even have it my house ... but it really is a great movie ... check it out ! 
no more < PROPMALE > for me ... 
my phone # is changing . message me if u want my new one 
watching the orphin . makes u think twice about adopting lder children !! not bad of a movie though 
if u could meet 1 celebrity who would it be and why ... 
6 more days and i'll be in oregon and 8 more until i see my kids for the first time on over 2 years !! SOOOOO excited !! 
i am sellin a almost brand new Blackbery Curve for $250 obo ... don't be shy and negotiate with me ... i have everything it came with and there r no scratches or dings in it ... it is black in color ... message me if u r interested and want more info ... 
i still have my blackberry 4 sale if anyone is interested ... 
leaving on friday to go to oregon ... get to see my kids on sunday afternoon ... soooo excited ... i hope everything goes well ... i am looking forward to that first hug from my kids !! 
leaving 4 oregon tomorrow morning !! can't wait ! talk to ya'll when i get back !! 
off 2 the airport for oregon ... can't wait to get there ... it's going to be a long day !! 
i'm in roseburg now ... if anyone wants to get a hold of me text me ... 480-246-4316 ... i want to see everyone ! 
got to see my kids for the first ime in 2 years ... it was great !! they have gotten sooooo big !! i can't wait to spend more time w them this week !! 
had a great day with my kids ... it has been great to see them !! they just left but i miss them already !!! i love them sooo much ! i love being a mom !! it is the best feeling in the world ! thanks < PROPMALE > 4 letting me be one for a bit !! it means the world 2 me ! 
just saw my kids for the last time until next year !! really sucks but i am glad that i got to see them !! i had fun ! pics when i get home on saturday ... 
home sweet home !! i really missed it here ! i do miss my kids already though !! but glad to be home ! 
still have my blackerry curve smartphone 4 sale ... lowered it to $200 ... anyone interested hit me up please ! 
who ever said that it is better to have loved then to have never loved at all must have been on crack when they said it !! 
Congradulations to my cousin Stenen and his wife < PROPFIRST > on there new addition ... Preston < PROPFIRST > Kirchenmann !! he was born last night around 5:20 pm !! I am so excited for them ... love u guys ! can't wait to see u all ! 
i love the pic of my daughter that is my profile pic ... such beautiful eyes !! 
going to watch a movie w my sis and her puppy Cain in my bed and bs for awhile ... i can't wait !! it has been for ever since we have done this !! i love it !! 
i guess i just need to learn that no matter what i want there will always be conflict w some people ... i hate it but it is reality ... 
glad to know that i have friends here that want me to stay in AZ ... it was nice seeing u < PROPFIRST > !! i'm glad to be accepted here ... makes it feel more like home !! Thanks guys ... u know who u r !! :) 
watching scary movies w no one to cuddle w ... lonely and creepy at the sametime ... 
I have been here in AZ for over two years now and have not met anyone that wants anything to do with me as far as a relationship or anything remotely like it ... what am i doing wrong ? am i too old ? r my dating years over and i am destined to be alone for the rest of my life ? all i want is someone to cuddle w and love ... is that too much to ask for ?! 
i am glad that my kids r having fun camping with their family ... wish i could be there but i am just glad that they r happy ... it always makes my day when they r ! 
Happy 4th to everyone ! be safe and have a good time !! 
have i found the one that i finally want to be with ? stay tuned and we will see what happens !! :) 
so proud of my sis !!!! love u always !! GO NAVY !!! 
i hate that one little thing will ruin my day and make it hard to think ! i just need to breath and take it 4 what it is . nothing ... 
Everytime he talks to me I smile ... his kind words and generous attitude is exactly what i need in my life ! 
finally i am happy and it feels so good !! thanks sweety ! :) u make my day everyday ! 
i hope this feeling NEVER goes away !! i am happier then I have ever been and it is so wonderful !! i'm glad i found him in what is a sea of losers !! he is the best ! 
another happy day because of u ... i can't beleive how much i like u but it definatly feels right !! 
why is it that stupid fucking people get into my business and think they have the right to put me down and make me feel like the worst person ever ? like they have never made mistakes in their lives !! 
LEAVE ME ALONE , YOU FUCKING CRAZY FAMILY !! U GUYS R CRAZIER THEN ME !! THET ME ALONE !!! I HAVE DONE NOTHING TO UR FAMILY SO GET OVER WHAT HAPPENED IN THE PAST !! 
finally some peace !! if anyone has a problem with me and what happened a long time ago , DON'T COMMENT ON IT !! it's over and in the past and i am trying to move on with my life !! 
i am wondering if i am destined to be alone or is it all just in my mind ... 
i need more friends and energy on frontierville ... HELP !! 
in loving memory\ 
of every cancer patient , family member or friend who has lost the\ 
battle with cancer and in honor of the ones who continue to conquer it ! \ 
Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or has had\ 
cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
my dad asked me if i wanted to go to the movies w him and i said no ... because i am loanely and i want to be with my friends ... i don't really know how that is logical but it is in my head ... i could have spent time w my dad but instead i am going to do what ? sit on my ass and read or watch tv , waiting 4 my friends to call or text ?... it ain't going to happen and i am ruining my own life in the process 
Standing in the rain ... getting soaked ... watching the lightning ... listening to the thunder ... there's nothing like an AZ thunderstorm !!! I LOVE IT !!! 
WOW !! I hate that my kids r where they r ! they r healthy and seem happy but some of the things that r done i DON'T approve of ! and i have to steel pics just so that i can see my kids !! WTF !! they r making a BIG mistake ! < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch !! 
thanks < PROPFIRST > for the little time out !! i had fun even if we didn't do too much !! we definatlly need to do it again !! :) 
Let's\ 
see who is paying attention . Every single one of you on my friends ' \ 
list , are a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there . I am not \ 
only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who on \ 
my friends ' list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this as your ... \ 
......... status . I'll be watchin ' . 
how frustrating is it not to be able to talk to my kids !! i HATE it !! i miss them sooo much and i look forward to the few minutes that i get to talk to them ... more then half the time < PROPMALE > has some excuse and i don't get to talk to them for a week or more !! WTF !! i miss them sooo much !! i wish that i could hold them and tell them how much i love them ! I may not be the best mom but i love my kids unconditionaly ! 
need a job ... anyone have any ideas ? 
is it too much to ask to have a nice respectable guy in my life that likes me for me ? i want someone that i can date here in AZ that isn't a conceded jerk !! do they still exsist ?! 
IF\ 
YOU HAVE A MOM WHO HAS MADE YOU LAUGH , WIPED YOUR TEARS , HUGGED YOU \ 
TIGHT , WATCHED YOU SUCCEED , SAW YOU FAIL , CHEERED YOU ON AND KEPT YOU \ 
STRONG .... REMEMBER--MOM'S ARE A PROMISE FROM GOD THAT YOU WILL HAVE A \ 
FRIEND FOREVER !!!! I LOVE MY MOM !!!!! PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS IF \ 
... YOU .... LOVE YOUR MOM . 
thanks < PROPMALE > for the wonderful time ! i can't wait for more to come ! :) 
ready to go play ! ;) Hahahah 
i am so done with the crap that i have to deal with on a daily basis !! it's bad when ur own family doesn't want to or care to understand what is wrong ... i don't know what to do anymore ... 
thank u < PROPMALE > for a great day !! i hope we have many more to come ! :) 
things r looking up 4 me !!! i love it !!! 
had the best day i have had in YEARS !!! i think i have finally found my happy place !! :) 
my days just kept getting better and better !! if that is even possible !!! i am soooooooo happy it should be illegal ! :) 
what a wonderful day yesterday , last night was even better !! can't wait to do it again !! :) 
deeper and deeper i go and i hope that it never ends ... i hope only good things from now on ! one can hope can't they ?! 
what to do ... just about everything is hitting me at once and i am not sure how to deal ... at least i have a very important person in my life right now to help me out ... one of the BEST persons i know by far !! ur stuck w me now ! :) 
i screwed up last night and now i am paying the price ... i deserve my punishment but i hope i didn't ruin the best thing to come into my life in a very long time :( 
thank u soooo much for giving me another chance ... i feel sooo happy right now and i never want it to stop !! :) 
i always thought that i would be alone forever but now i am not so sure ... i feel so happy and complete after so many years of being dicarded ... thank u andy ... u will always meen the world to me no matter what happens ... i am glad that our paths crossed ... :) 
It is storming hard out right now !! I love it ... my dad got called out to work but he's making bank ! i love arizona storms !!!! 
anyone know if chayla willsons site is still up ? i really just want to see pics of her cause i miss her a lot right now ... 
does anyone remember what my old number was ? 
Every woman deserves to feel as good as I do !! I have such a wonderful caring boyfriend and everytime I c him i fall for him even more ... I couldn't imagine my life without him right now ! He has shown me what it is like to be cared for unconditionally !! IT'S AMAZING !! 
love my new phone . its nice 2 be able to go on the internet w my phone again and its sooo cheap :) 
got a new phone and number ... anyone that didn't get it last night and wants it message me and i will give it 2 u ... 
I loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love even more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside your body . Put this on your status , if you have a child you love more than life . ? 
Yesterday my papa was dead 4 22 years ... i miss u papa and will always love u !! i wish that my kids had a < PROPMALE > to meet u ! u were a great man !! LOVE U !! R.I.P papa ! 
may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyone's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I ... am or watch me as I walk away ! Post if you're proud of being u ! 
went to the ER last night ... i HATE doing there ... now i have a really big painful bruise on my arm from where they tried to take blood from ... what fun !! at least i wasnt the kid next to me ... he swallowed a nickle ! thats gonna feel good comming out ! LOL 
i feel not right today ... i feel depressed , angry , hurt ... i hate it !! i hope that i can make it all better as the day goes on ... we will see ... 
sometimes all u need is a great friend to talk 2 and it makes it all better ! 
what a day ! i have now really realized that nothing is perminent so < PROPFEMALE > every moment w the ones u love and care about . 
it is really sad that i have 2 beg 4 pics of my kids and never get any ! its just not fair ! 
its amazing that when u least expect it someone that u thought that u had lost years ago pops back into ur life !! I LOVE U < PROPFEMALE > !! 
anyone know where i can get the pic of lady gaga that is my profile pic ? i have looked everywhere !!!! 
I fake a smile to hide my tears and pain inside . 
i want nothing more in this world then to hold my kids in my arms and tell them how much i love them ! the sad part is that i dont know when that is going 2 happen ... 
anyone have any good ideas what to do saturday without spending a lot of money ? preferably in or around < PROPMALE > ... 
im very proud of my sis ... she is such a wonderful person and deserves the best ! she the best sis and a great auntie ... i love u and support u through it all no matter what kind of fights we get in ! love ya sis !! 
i am confused at what to do ... do i keep the feelings that i have or do i let them go ? i dont want to feel like this if it is all for nothing ... what to do ... 
yeah !! DUCKS WON !!! GO CARDS today against the Raiders !! 
cards won but there were some bs calls ... raiders should have won but oh well .. they suck anywys so they r used 2 it !! 
September is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you 
i learned a lot last night ... about myself and what i need to do 2 be a productive member of society ... i have someone in my life whom i care deeply 4 and will support no matter what ... he has helped me so much i dont know how to repay him but i will spend forever trying ! 
i am affraid that i might loose the one person that is helping me the most ! i am trying to make sure that doesnt happen !! 
he is the one that makes me happy ; he supports me and cares 4 me ; he doesnt put me down or judge me 4 my past ; i will be forever greatfull for meeting him and for him coming into my life when he did !! 
need 2 get a job and a place of my own ... its just taking 2 long ! 
signing up 4 school soon !! cant wait !! 
gonna take the placement tests 4 college on monday !! cant wait ! gonna study hard this weekend in math cause i have NO idea what i am doing !! thank god i have < PROPMALE > to help me !! 
have my college placement tests on monday and an interview at macys on thursday !! i hope both go well !! i cant wait !! 
i took a practice test today and failed miserablly so i am going to take the placement tests on next monday ... give me time to study a little more ! 
Have 2 be the strong 1 again and push all of my worries aside ... but its ok ... thats what im here 4 ... 
i can't believe that it hailed here !! never seen that in AZ before !! it was crazy < PROPFEMALE > here !! powere went out a few times !! I LOVE IT !! 
i am trying so hard 2 be strong and do the right thing 4 myself ... i just wish life would give me 1 break ! 
im supposed 2 be strong ... the 1 that people cna talk 2 and give advice ... im not the 1 whos supposed 2 be freaking out and crying ... i shouls be the 1 to help others ... this is deffinatly at test on how strong i am ... 
Sometimes things happen and u don't know why but i strongly believe that they happen for a reason ... a lot is going on w me and sometimes i wounder if it will ever end but i always remember when i first got to AZ and thought things were hopeless ... everything will eventually workout ... i just wish it was sooner then later ! 
had a wonderful day out with A.H. and it was great ! He actually went along with me without complaining through the mall !! He is so great !! I hope he stays !! 
ing shopping w my mom and then going to spend the rest of my day with 1 of my favorite people !! 
lost my ass at hearts .... but i didnt do 2 bad 4 my first time playing ! 
I am in DESPERATE need of a job ... if anyone knows of any place that is hiring let me know !! PLEASE !!! 
Its mommy week ... post this with the date you first became a mommy ... 10:11 pm April 4th , 2005 .... 
its funny how a mom will not forget the date , time and weight of their baby but can't remember what they went to the store for once they get there ! LOL :) 
love the rain in az ... nothing like it ! 
interview tomorrow and then one on monday and also one on the 2nd of november ! i hope 1 of them pans out !! i need a job bad !! 
WOW !!! I am missing my babies BAD !!!! 
i have kind of excepted that there is a < PROPMALE > that i will be by myself for the rest of my life ... but thats ok ... i think i can do it and i am willing to try ... 
i have learned that i am strong enough to become what i want and do what i desire ... it may take some time and work but thats ok ... anything worth while doesn't just fall into ur lap ... u have 2 work 4 it !! 
i am very happy that a friend of mine and my sis got a job today but i am jealous at the same time !! i really need to work !!! 
i have an interview tomorrow ... hope it works out ... its only seaional part time but i will take anything right now ! :) 
work is finally here for me !! i cant wait to start !! 
interview time !! wish me luck on this one !! :) 
wrok is now offically on my schedule again !! YEA !!! :) 
I am hoping for some great things to be happening soon ... i am trying not to get my hopes up to high but i am hoping for the best ! 
was in a crappy mood all day but i have to get out of that !! does me no good !! and its such a beautiful day here in the AZ ! 
sometimesnit takes almost or just plain loosing someone 2 realize what needs 2 be done ! i hope its not over !! i know i can change and b the great person i know i am ! i just need a < PROPMALE > 2 do so ! 
I am hoping for the best but preparing myself for the worst ... its all i can do right now ... 
i have learned a valuable lesson ... never ever take what u have 4 granted cause it can b gone in a flash ! 
PLEASE add me as friend on fishville !!!!!!! 
FINALLY going to go take my college placement tests !! wish me luck !! 
almost tested out of one english class and got into honors english in the other !!! i totally bombed math but i expected that !! gonna sign up 4 classes this week !!! 
Almost all signed up for college ... taking 4 classes which is 12 credits ... its a lot but i can do it !! i cant wait to start !! 
Heading to the car show in Mesa this afternoon ... hope 2 see some of u there !! 
almost 30 ! where did the time go ! no more twenties ! im gonna make my 30s the best time ever ! so many goals i will accomplish ! :) 
mesa car show was great and i had the best company i could have asked 4 !!! :) 
its such a wonderful thing to talk to my girlfriends ! it helps so very much esspecially when they understand ! thank u < PROPFEMALE > !! love ya lots ! :) 
please add me as a friend to fishville !!! 
so i cant sleep so i figured i would get some of my chores done early but i get yelled at 4 doing them .... damed if i do and damed if i dont i guess ... 
For my family and friends - Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer ! 
what am i going 2 do now ?! 
i can already tell this is going to be a crappy birthday ... 
anyone know the name of the roseburg pd officer that was killed yesterday ? 
day after tomorrow and i will be 30 !! WTF !! getting old ... i know im gonna get slapped 4 that comment :) 
soooo cant wait 4 the new twilight !! im not a total fanatic about the movies but i really loved the last one and am excited to see the next !! might even go to the theater to see it !! :) saw the trailer on youtube ! 
time 2 wrap presents and put up x mas decoration ! 
What do u guys think about me majoring in business ? right or wrong ? let me know ... 
if today is was any indication of what tomorrow is going to be like , im gonna have a shitty birthday :( 
i can already tell today is going to suck !! i really hope it turns around cause its my birthday and i would like to have a good one ! 
heading out w one of my best friends !! cant wait !! :) 
lost 13 pounds so far ! yea for me ! 
check out the photos of my kids and vote 4 me so i can win money for college !! 
my best frined is going back to california tomorrow ... i am going to miss him VERY much ! he has helped me in so many ways and i hope to see him sooner then later ! 
TO ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS !!! Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his familyabout 
VERY sad today !! i miss one of my best friends !! i know it is all for the best but it still doesnt make it hurt any less :( 
need a job !! anyone know of 1 in the chandler , tempe , mesa area ? 
WTF !!!!! today keeps getting better and better !!! F@%* ing mondays !!! 
i have just been hit by a billion things and i am stressing bad !!! im so frusterated i want to scream !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
OMG !!! My mind is so fried i dont know which way is up ! i havent slept and have been having nightmares everynight !! when will it stop !? 
i am hoping and praying that everything goes as planned today and i will soon be moving on w my life !!! PLEASE LET SOMETHING GO RIGHT FOR ME !!!!! 
not knowing is the worst i think ! come on monday !! maybe if i got some sleep it wouldnt b so bad ! 
A girls night out tomorrow !! havent had one of those in forever !! SOOOOO excited !! 
Hitting the town tonight w an old friend !!! gonna be great times !!!! Starting my 30's off w a bang !!! :) 
had a blast last night w < PROPFEMALE > !! got home late and i cant wait to do it again !! thanku soooo much again < PROPFEMALE > !! :) 
so my phone is all messed up right now and i cant receive calls or texts ... wont be able to get it fixed until friday so if you need to get a hold of me us facebook or my email ... 
yea ! my phone is working again so i can receive calls and texts ! 
some of u may wonder why i have changed my name on facebook ... well , i dont like the name Terwilliger cause i really dont want to be associated with them so i just put my maiden name in with it ... im hoping to change it permanatly someday to something completely different ... 
so what r some of everyones New Years resolutions ? 
im more confused then ever right now !! i hate this ! 
Anyone know of any jobs right now ? i need one desperatly !!!!! 
this Christmas is really going to suck ... i cant wait until its over with ... 
Had SOOOO much fun last night !! < PROPFEMALE > , u made my x mas and my year sooo much better !!! i love hanging out w u !! we DEFINATLY need to do it again soon !! 
hope everyone has a great holiday !! im gonna try and make the best of mine and enjoy the family that i do have with me this year ! 
I think the best thing I got for Christmas was a little video from my kids thanking me for their gifts ! It was REALLY good to see them !! i miss them soooo much and I wish that I could have seen them in person for the holidays but I'll take what I can get and that was great !! :) 
whats up w this cold weather ?! its almost like oregon ! lol 
I am soooo excited 4 tomorrow ! i get to < PROPFEMALE > out with one of my besties of all time and no matter what we do I know we will have fun !! love ya Abbs !!! 
What was the best thing that u got for christmas everyone ? 
I am so blessed to have the friends that I have and I am glad that they r so understanding of what is going on right now ... im gonna need all the support i can get !! :) 
I really hopr the next year is better then this year was !! I had my good times this past year but i would really like things to work out for me !! gonna try and make it happen !! 
sick as hell !! really wish this shit would go away !! ready to feel better so that i can focus on my life and what i am doing with it !! 
waiting 4 the book stroe 2 open at the college so i can get my books 4 school ... its like 34 degrees out here and theres this guy here listening 2 music and singing along and hes horrible ! lol ... and ive get about 1 hour before the book store opens ! omg ! 
Crazy shooting situation at the Chandler mall by my house !! they had to evacuate the mall and the suspect is across from the mall at a small resturaunt holding up there !! been going on 4 about an hour now !! 
Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment . They must in turn post this and send something they made to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 
what kind of laptop should i get and where would b the best place to get it ? need one for school which starts in about a week and a half ... 
SOOOO excited for the game tonight !! GO DUCKS !!!!! 
Let's see how creative my facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy ' cause that's no fun 
i cant beleive the ducks lost last night !! by 3 points at the last 2 seconds !! oh well ... at least they lost by a number 1 ranking team ... 
got to an earlier student orientation .... here now intead of saturday ..... more time 2 play on saturday now ;) 
gonna have a great weekend !! im sooooo excited for everything !! 
beautiful day at the track today !!!! cant beleive that its only january !! :) 
i dont know if its the stress or what but i have dropped 3 pant sizes !!! and im still loosing !! 
going to my bff's tonight !! i am soooo excited and i also get to see my friend < PROPMALE > as well !! gonna be a great night and a great day tomorrow !! 
another fun day at the track with my best peps !!! beautiful day ... dont want to go home tonight but what am i gonna do ! lots of homework 2 do ! 
ok ... so why is it that i am so lame and stupid about shit that i really have no control over ?! i guess im just being a girl ... i wish i had a button to stop me from over thinking things ! it would make everything soooo much easier !! 
so lost 30 pounds in a month and 30 more to go until i reach my goal !! maybe in another month i will reach it with the way things r going right now !! LOL ... 
going out tonight to support a friend at a tranny beauty pagent ! what a blast its going to be !!!! another beautiful day at the track as well ! i love Phoenix !!!! Esspecially my 2 best peeps !!! love u guys !! :) 
WOW !!!! What a week up north !!! Had a BLAST !!!! Had more fun then I have in a long time !!! Getting the hell out of dodge and going to be w my peeps 4 good !! I CANT WAIT !!!!!! 
looking 4 a cheap good running car ... under 1500 ... if u know of 1 let me know ! 
i have been feeling really down lately ... i really hate feeling like this !! i just feel like i cant do anything right and i guess its catching up 2 me now ... 
i am so excited !! i got a car today !!! FREEDOM !!!!!!!!!! cant wait to c my peeps on wednesday !! love u guys !! I GOT A CAR !!!!! sorry ! im just soooo excited !! LOL 
trying 2 figure life out once again ... the unknown is a scary place 2 b ! where do i go from here ? 
miss my peeps A LOT !!!!! cant wait to see u 2 soon !!! it sucks being so far away !! love u guys !! 
please send out ur prayers to the Swartz family ... Shawn is very sick and needs our prayers !! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are also struggling with his illness and need our prayers as well ... i am always praying for them and would like for some of you to at least send one prayer to them !! they are good people that deserve health and happiness !! Love you guys !!! I am always here for you < PROPFEMALE > .... for u and ur fam !! 
so i keep loosing weight and im not even trying !! knida nice ! im hoping that i will b able to actually wear a bathingsuit this summer !! i actually bought a small shirt the other day and it fit !! its nice that i am starting to look like i did before my kids !! YEAH !!! 
my live will be changing REALLY soon !! cant wait to see what the future brings !! im excited and scared all at the same time !!! 
My life changed for the better today !!! im happy and apprihensive about things ... i just cant wait to start my new life !!! 
I am starting to understand my way of life and wondering what is to come at the same time !! there have been signs everywhere lately that have me asking the question \what now ? \"" 
said goodby to something special .... it will b ok but will take time ! thanks 4 everything !! 
gonna c my peeps tomorrow !! have something very important to do !! cant wait to get it done and then have some fun !! 
please send ur prayers to my best friend abby ... her husband just had a double lung transplant today .... hes doing good so far but will b in the hospital 4 about 1 month and then lots more recovery at home ... please pray for a speedy recovery and that the transplant takes and < PROPFIRST > is back 2 his wonderful self soon !! 
gonna be a big change in my life soon ! im excited and scared at the same time !! more excited though !!! 
watching the Oscars ... so wonderful !! 
selling my car ... very sad ... there goes my freedom !! :( 
had someone look at my car today and said that he was going to buy my car ... he had to get a radiator fan and his son so he could drive it home to Scottsdale ... well ... he never showed back up or called ... ill put it back on craigslist on thursday evening ... so wanted it sold today !!! 
well ... i leave on the 24th of this month for cali ... exciting and scary at the sametime !! :) 
Had a great time w my mom and sis today ... dont get to < PROPFEMALE > w my sis very often and i leave on the 24th so i need to c my sis as much as i can !! 
16 more days and I am moving 2 San Fransico !! VERY EXCITING !!! Gonna be a new chapter in my life !! Hopefully a good one ! :) 
anyone know anything about whats happening on the oregon coast or the california coast ? any damage or anything ?!!!! 
anyone that can keep me updated about the tsunami and its effects on the west coast would be great !! im in AZ and am not getting too much info about it all !! curious about the california coast as well ... have family and friends that live really close to the coast there ... 
I really cant wait to move to San Fransico !! i am almost done packing and i didnt realize how much crap i actually had !! lol .... everything is going to be great there !! 8 more days and i will be there !! 
last week in arizona .... gonna < PROPFEMALE > w my peeps till i leave and have some good times ! excited 2 go but sad at the same time .... its not good bye but see you later :) 
having the best time w my peeps !!!! gonna miss them more then they know !! :( already do !! i love u guys !!!!!!! dont forget about me u 2 !!! 
not going to san fransico anymore ... im more upset at the fact that i put my friends through shit then me not actully going ... ill b making it up to them for awhile to come !!! so ... im here to stay in AZ now ... 
still in AZ ... what a week !! such a rollercoaster !!! It makes me not want to EVER to date again !!! so hard and i am sick of being hurt !! cant take anymore of it !! 
finally got to see some pics of my kids !! they r getting SO big !!! the last time i saw them in person was last june so they have changed ! and thank GOD my son looks like me !! LOL .... 
wondering if it is really worth dating anymore ... i am tired of getting hurt when i put my whole heart into something and i just end up getting burned in the end ... dont get me wrong ! i want to b w someone but maybe im just not dating material ... 
So my sons birthday is tomorrow and my daughters birthday is monday ... last night my daughter told me that if i miss her party she wants to have a sleep over w me !! WOW !!!! that was a stab in the heart ! not doing to hot and tomorrow will probably b worse ... wtf ... 
today is a sad day 4 me ... my son turns 4 and i cant b there 2 c it !!!! 
so whats everyone doing tonight ? :) anything fun ? 
Happy 4th birthday to my little man < PROPMALE > !!! growing up 2 fast !!! love u baby !! 
strawberry 
so tomorrw is my daughters 6th birthday ... happy and sad day for me .... its sad cause i dont get to be there 4 her ... its really hard 4 me !! i miss my babies sooo much and every year it gets harder cause they r getting bigger ... i just cant wait 4 the day that i can b there 4 them on days like this ... they are my life and always will be !!! NO MATTER WHAT PEOPLE SAY !!!! 
i love it when my sis is here !!! always cool to < PROPFEMALE > w her !! 
A wise woman once said . . . There comes a time in your life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right ; pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of life ; getting back up is living . ~ Re-post if you agree 
come join me on yahoo messager ... is under heatherstone80@yahoo.com 
NEED A JOB BAD !!!!! ANYONE KNOW OF PLACES THAT R HIRING IN THE CHANDLER AREA PLEASE LET ME KNOW !!! 
i cant believe that the soap opera that i have been watching 4 over 20 years is getting cancelled !!!! 
so the new Fast and the Furious is coming out soon !! cant wait !! love that move !!! even named my son after vin diesals character < PROPMALE > Torreto !!! im a dork but i cant help it !! LOL .... 
YAY !!! DATE NIGHT 4 ME !!!!!!! SO EXCITED !!!! 
had an amazing date last night !! it was really nice 2 go on a date with someone that i have a lot in common with ... cant wait to see what comes next :) 
This year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays , and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on the Chinese philosophy of Feng Shui . Those who read and do not copy will be without money so lets all try our luck at this and see what happens ;-) We could all use a little good luck . I know I could certainly use some LUCK ? 
hell yay !!! i have a job interview tomorrow !!!!! :) 
HELL YAY !!!! i got a job !!! FINALLY !! LOL ... i start tomorrow !!!! 
well ... my first day back into the work force in forever !! cant wait !!! :) 
my first day of work was great !! i love my new job !!! :) 
i had the best present last night ... i got to talk and see my babies on skype last night !!!! its been almost a year since i have seen them !!! that was the best feeling ! < PROPFEMALE > and dom didnt understand it but < PROPFEMALE > was very excited ! dom was a little shy but thats jus how he is !! i was just glad to see them !! thanx 2 my ex 4 letting it happen !! 
worked w the owner today ... he was cool ... we got to listen to lady gaga and rhiannna and stuff like that while we worked today !! fun but tiring day ... 
heading to work soon ... closing tonight .. cant wait !!! 
what a wonderful day at work !!! long day but cant wait 4 tomorrow !!! 
what a day at work !!! long but good !! im glad that i love my job !! 
being lonely sucks !!! i wish I had someone here that I could talk to and just be here with me !! SUCKS right now !!! 
it was soooo cool to see my son on skype !! he never likes to be on camera !! we even played games !! i miss my babies SOOOOOOOO MUCH !!!!! 
have a personal reason for asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour . I'm pretty sure I know the ones that will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . To honor those who have fought or are fighting cancer and those who have lost the fight 
such wonderful news !!!! i cant belive that he is finally dead !! i cried tears of joy when i heard ... i think we will all remember May 1 , 2011 just like we remember September 11 , 2001 as a monumetus day 4 our country ... 
so im loosing my insurence which means i have to pay out of pocket 4 my meds !! plus i have another hurnia and my right shoulder is so messed up i can barely lift my arm above my head ! not sure what im gonna do ... plus there are people that owe me money and they are not paying up !! thats like an extra $450 all together frm both sources !!!! COULD REALLY USE THAT RIGHT NOW !!! 
Let's be clear on this : OBAMA did NOT kill Bin Laden . An American soldier , who Congress just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to PAY , did . Obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found him and took him out . This is NOT an Obama victory , but an AMERICAN victory !! REPOST IF YOU AGREE !!!! 
gonna b a great week at work ! lots of hours w good people !! :) todays my only short day out of 6 days of work ... always have a great time at work :) glad i love my job ... makes it soooo much easier !! LOL 
In honor of Mother's Day I'm trying to see how many of you are willing to put up a pic of your Mom and keep it there till May 9 . I did and so have several others . If you will and like this idea Please re post this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB 
what a great night at work last night !! going to work in a few ... working w a good person today :) tryin my hardest to do my best !! gotta start living my life and stop f ing around !!! 
everyone needs to come by the chandler mall and see me !!! i work at cellairis ... i sell accesories for cell phones !! i know a lot of u have expencive phones so why not protect it !! come and see me and ill get u hooked up !! great deals and a great product !!!! 
back to work 2day after only 1 day off ... gonna b a good day !! remember .. come visit me at the chandler mall !! at the kiosk by paridise bakery !!!! :) 
happy mothers day to all the moms out there ... i have to work all day but i hardly ever get or do anything 4 mothers day ... i guess maybe its because i have never been a real mom ... but i do hope that the great moms like my mom and the others that r close to me have a great one :) love u all !! 
it was soooo cool ... last night i was helping a customer who is a BIG Lady Gaga fan like me and she told me where to get the pic of Lady Gaga that I have been looking for 4 months !!!! sooooo excited !! :) 
i am now more focused then ever !! i have gotten rid of people that were not good for me in my life ... all the lies and never being there 4 me when I need them is no more ... i feel good about my decision and look forward to what the future holds for me ! :) 
its funny how friends come about ... sometimes they r people u never thought that u would have as friends but im glad to have them in my life now ... no matter how they came about !! :) 
was pleasently surprised when i saw a friend of mine i have not seen in awhile !! i love when that happens !! since i dont have many friends at all !!! 
y is it that i dont get any say in stuff that drastically effects my home life !!!! gonna have to find another sactuarary !!! GREAT !!!! 
EVERYONE NEEDS TO COME TO THE CHANDLER MALL AND VISIT ME AT CELLAIRIS TO BUY SOME CELL PHONE ACCESSORIES !! Im there frm 1 to 6 today !!! lots of choices ! :) 
Girlfriends are like underpants .... Some crawl up your ass .. Some snap under pressure ... Some don't have the strength to hold you up ... Some get a little twisted ... Some are your favorite ... Some are cheap and just plain nasty ... And some actually do cover your ass when you need them too :-) \ 
Re-post for all the friends you have and love ! They know who they are 
got 1 day off next week ... tomorrow ... then i start a 45 hr week !! doing a 12 hr dat on tues !! gonna be a LONG week !! 
i had a bad day at work the other day and my man came frm phx at 10p to be w me !! hes such a wonderful guy !! :) 
People need to come to Cellairis at the Chandler Mall and buy some stuff frm me !!!! 
We all have at least 60 friends on facebook ; but when it comes to needing someone to talk to , how many will actually be there for you ? I can guarantee you , not even 15 of your facebook friends will like this status . If you would be there for me , set this as your status & see how many of us will be there for you ! ( I just did it for one of my friends . ) Prove me wrong , friend ... I know my friends will 
another day at work ... im hoping its busier 2day ! need 2 get my average up ! :) 
so i get to work 12 days straight ... i dont get a day off till next sunday and i started my work week on tuesday .... plus i work a 12 hr day on thursday ... gonna be a long 2 weeks !!! 
another 12hr day ... only 4 more days after 2day and i get a day off !!! come on sunday !!! :) 
congrats to the graduates today !! wish i could be there 4 ya guys !! good luck and c u all this weekend at work !!! :) 
does anyone know how to get cactus water on Ranch Town ? 
so everyone needs to come to the Chandler Mall today and visit Cellairis !!! great deals and we got some new cases that are really cool !!! these deals are too good to pass up !!!! :) c everyone there !!!!! 
Special needs kids are not sick or gross . They only want what we all want , to be ACCEPTED . Is anyone willing to post this & leave it on your status for at least an hour ? This is in honor of ALL children made in a unique way , weather they are with us or have gone on to heaven 
it is soooo nice to have 2 days off after working 12 days straight !! the good thing is though i LOVE my job so it made it a lot easier ! :) 
so ready to go back to work tomorrow ! gotta make some money ! :) 
time for some relax time ! :) cant wait !!! 
spuods ?? o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? o ? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? s ??? p ??? u ?? no ? ?? ' ? sod ? ???? o ? uo ?? u ???? ?? d spu ???? ?? ? o ? u ?? ? o ? 
i am sooooo TIRED !! 2 more days left of work left in this week and I have no idea what next week looks like !! not sure WHEN ill b getting a day off !! 
i have been so lonely lately .... i work in the mall and see all these couples and wish that i was in a relationship w a good guy ! i had it once not too long ago and i totally screwed that up !! i was too into false \relationships/friendships\ " 2 see what i really had !!! " 
YEAH !!! a day off to relax ... doing a double 2morrow ... what fun ! ... lol ... its all good though ... making good money and every paycheck im closer 2 a car !! :) 
i feel like crap today and i have a double to work ... what fun !! :( 
My letter is N :\ 
Something I like : Nicatine\ 
Something I Hate : Nyquil\ 
Something I Love : Nymphomaniacs\ 
Something Bad : Nicholas Cage\ 
Like this and ill send u a letter 
another day at work ... i love my job but it will be nice once they hire a couple new people ... we need the coverage !! 
im sooo sad !! < PROPFIRST > Dunn frm Jackass died in a car crash !!!!!!! 
I got the letter R\ 
I hate radicals\ 
I like rainbows\ 
I love rain\ 
I miss < PROPFIRST > Dunn\ 
like my status and I'll give u a letter !!!! 
tomorrow and friday my phone will b off so if u need 2 get ahold of me use fb ... it will b on 4 the rest of 2day though .... talk w yall soon :) 
so who has boost mobile and wha tis it like ? i am thinking about switching to them cause they have an android phone i want ... 
well ... back 2 work after 2 days off ... it was nice but i am actually excited to go back to work at my mall ! Prefer to work at Chandler then Superstition Springs !!!! 
missing my Miss < PROPFEMALE > !!!! wish she could come to AZ and visit !!!!!!!!!!! 
off to another day of work !! gonna be HOT HOT HOT today and I have to ride the bike ! good thing i get off at 2 today !!! thnx < PROPFIRST > !!! :) 
My grandma made it out of surgery ok ... she is in ICU right now but everything went well ... thank God for that !!! 
Got a new phone ... will text new number soon .... other phone still works for now ... 
soooo pissed off !!! i got a brand new android phone last night and i hadn't had it4 more then an hour and some asshole stole it !!!! WTF !!!! at least i should get my new one tomorrow ... 
I don't care what you earn , where you live , what you drive , whether you're black or white , gay or straight , fat or thin , tall or short , beautiful or average , < PROPMALE > or poor . If you're my friend , you're my friend . I accept you for who you are , and that's ALL that counts . If you feel the same ... steal this status from me , your friend , like I just did from another friend :) 
have personal reasons for asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour . I'm pretty sure I know the names of those who will . Think of someone you know who has or has had cancer , or someone you lost from cancer . My wish is that in 2011 they will find a cure . Please post this for one hour in honor of those who have fought or are fighting cancer . I hope to see it in your status 
so i cut like 6 inches off my hair ! it looks good .... cant wait 2 post pics :) 
Yay !! Just got my new phone ! Ill b texting new # soon :) 
Dust storm is crazy ! Its sooo < PROPFIRST > out it looks like a snow storm ... lol ... 
Almost time to start work ... doing a double today so im hopeing it will b busy so the day will go by faster ... 
I soooooo need a vacation from my life !!!! 
anyone that wants my new phone number that doent already have it let me know ... 
abby : call me or text me 480-433-6759 
? sn ??? s ? no ? o ? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? s ??? p ??? u ?? no ? ?? ' ? sod ? ???? o ? uo ?? u ???? ?? d spu ???? ?? ? o ? u ?? ? oH 
ANYONE THAT KNOWS < PROPFEMALE > SWARTZ CAN U PLEASE HAVE HER GET A HOLD OF ME !!!!!!!! 
Someone upset me SO bad at work today I was shaking and crying ! i REALLY hate rasist people that say HORRIBLE things !!!! i dont get it !!!!!! 
I miss my old friends soooo much ! I feel so lonely here ! I try ro work lots to keep my mind off it and im starting school soon ... hope that helpa :( 
Just watched the movie insisious ... crazy movie ! Not as scary as I thought but very creepy ! 
words with friends calihdt ... come play w me :) 
whats the best horror movie anyone has seen ? 
Just saw the trailer for paranomal activity 3 ... cant wait to go c it ! Whos coming w me ? :) 
what a day at work !!! at least it was busy and i didnt have any angry customers !! lol ... glad to b home and relaxing !!! 
Why am I the bad guy when im trying to protect myself and my fam ! Im done w the lies and protecting someone that doesnt want to even attempt to get help ! NO MORE ! 
oh no .... dads watching fox news !! time to go watch tv in my room !! lol ... 
miss my friends in oregon lots !! not liking AZ so much right now ... 
i need a change of scenary .... i miss my kids A LOT as well as my friends .... what to do ... hoping to get a car next month and then maybe it will be a lot easier ! more expensive but easier ! lol ... 
Let's see who truly reads my status ... you and I wake up in a police car handcuffed together . Using three words only , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good friend and play along . ( 3 word limit is hard ) 
August 11th AZ is gonna beat Oakland's ass !!!!!! :) 
So im gonna b looking at buying a car next month ... anyone have any ideas ? 
im back to my old self again !! its great to b back again !!! i feel great and like i can take on anything !!! :) 
Crazy monsoon right now1 glad I made it home frm work defor it hit ! People in az dont know how to drive in the rain ... lol .. 
2 more days and i get a day off !!!! soooo excited !! 8 days straight really makes me want to not get out of bed at all on tuesday !!! 
my letter is P\ 
likes : People\ 
dislikes : Punks\ 
girl : Paris\ 
boy : Patton\ 
like for your letter :) 
Really thinking a bf wouldnt b a bad thing right now :( kinda lonely ! 
Im soooo done !!! as far as im conserned im an only child ... 
Heading to work in a little while ... gonna b an interesting day today to say the least !!! 
so i will b buying a car here real soon and was wondering if anyone had any ideas or a car for sale ... must run great !!! 
Yeah !!! My weekend has started !!!! 
what movie should i buy today ? im gonna have a nice movie night by myself at home and need a new movie ... what ya think ? :) 
my work week starts tomorrow morning and I start the new school semester next week !!! cant wait !! got my books today !!!! 
Got the management job ! Yay ! I wont b in chandler anymore but thats ok ... ill come and visit ! :) 
REALLY sucks not having AC when its 110 out !!!! 
Another dust storm is apon us ... and our AC ia working ! 
Kat < PROPMALE > was at the Chandler mall last night and I missed it !!! 
? A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months ( or even years ) apart . They love you .... for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are !! 
one more week and im manager at superstition springs !! soooo excited but sad to leave my friends at chandler :( britts awsome though !! she will do great !!!!! 
i am looking to hire someone at Cellairis at the Superstition Springs mall in Mesa ... Need someone ASAP !! contact me on fb or my email ... its on my profile .... 
i love where my life is going ... all i see is great things as long as keep my head in the game ! :) 
management training on Sunday with < PROPFEMALE > Saiz ... cant wait to start at Superstition Springs mall ... gonna b busy for a while ... but that makes it all sooo much better !!!!! the busier the better !! :) 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you're always asked to copy and paste something to your status by folks who copy and paste things to their status . Many people won't copy and paste this , but my true friends will copy and paste . Copied and pasted from a friend in need of more crap to copy and paste . 
home from a long day at work ... felt good to have a good day ... manager training tomorrow ... can't wait !! but only 1 more day at chandler then i'm off to superstition springs ... 
first day as manager at Superstition Springs mall ... excited and a little nervous cause ive never done this before .... but i know ill do fine ! :) 
so my first day as manager went well ... got complemented by my district manager and hired someone new ... still weird that i'm managing a store but i like it ... TO MISS MAE : there is always a spot open for u at my store !! :) :) 
Kids with special needs aren't weird or odd . They only want what everyone wants .. to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 30 mins ? This is in honor of all children that were made in a unique way . ? 
looking at buying a car in the next week or so ... anyone know of something for sale for around $3000 ? 
Off to work today ... im closing so everyone should come out to superstition springs mall and visit me and buy a few cell phone things ... u wont b disapointed :) 
Instead of telling someone who rides a motorcycle how dangerous it is .... Why don't you look twice before switching lanes , making right turns , or pulling out of a driveway and sidestreets .... Stay on your side of the road , especially in corners ... Don't follow too closely .... Keep your eyes on the road and OFF your CELL PHONES .... And don't race up to intersections as I approach ... If you care about someone who rides a motorcycle , please re-post ... I HOPE TO SEE ALL OF MY FRIENDS RE-POST 
It's Sons Week ! If you have a handsome son and grandsons that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while but hold him in your Heart for a Lifetime 
Just chillin ... havent done this in a LONG time ... and im w people that wont fuck me over ... these people have respect for others ... 
Not sure what to think about what to do right now ... Sophia is not talking to me about stuff she should b ... makes me wonder ... :( 
Another late night for me ... at least I dont work tomorrow :) had fun w my homies ... off to la la land for me ! Catch ya'll on the flip side :) 
thanks to some really good friends last night that helped me though a rough time ... u guys are great !!! love u both and c u tonight ! :) 
OK .... SO I AM LOOKING TO HIRE SOMEONE AT MY STORE AT THE SUPERSTITION SPRINGS MALL IN MESA ... I NEED SOMEONE ASAP SO IF YOU ARE INTERESTED EITHER SHOOT ME A MESSAGE OR STOP BY ... YOU CAN ALSO GO ON THE MALL WEBSITE AND GO UNDER JOBS AND APPLY THERE ... SEND ANYONE THAT YOU WOULD THINK WOULD BE GOOD FOR THE JOB AND WANTS TO WORK !!!!!! 
Please copy and repost even just for a few minutes if you know someone who is alive today because you just can't afford a hit man . 
so we had < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerold from the Cardinals at the Chandler Mall tonight ... got an autograph ... thanks < PROPFIRST > !! lol ... 
I think im gonna invest in something that would b a blessing but many would say otherwise ... of its Gods will then I will know soon :) 
To think too much can be very hazerdous to ur health ... take it from me ... i know it all to well ... why must my brain not shut off sometimes ... just have to work through it I guess ... 
Damn hoes !!!!!!!!! 
