needs to glue her face back on after it fell off from being in an ice box ( aka outside ) .... jeeez 

is sad when she sees dead birdies on the ground . :( 
is stronger , better , faster , harder , more resilient and more present than ever before . 
is leaving soon to bicycle from Washington Heights to Chinatown . 
will be receiving kohlrabi , French breakfast radishes , scallions , garlic scapes , < PROPFEMALE > lettuce , Swiss chard , < PROPFEMALE > choy , kale and potted oregano and thyme for the first week of her CSA -- hmm , what to make ? 
biked 26 < PROPMALE > today , ate lots of lychee fruit , and chatted about the beautiful intricacies of living while gazing into the swirling waters of the Hudson River . 
is on the move . 
feels AMAZING from her run ... finally , a rain-less day ! 
oh mister sun , sun , mister < PROPFEMALE > sun , please shine down on me . oh mister sun , sun , mister < PROPFEMALE > sun , hiding behind a tree . 
is learning to harness her powers . 
is cleaning , laundry , and rock climbing today . :D 
is one big exhale .... close your eyes and release . 
found a sick < PROPFEMALE > that fell out of the tree , but it died in her hand as she was taking it to the animal clinic . :'( 
I know that the more I give the more I receive ... but , oh , the pains of being pure at heart . 
is writing an ode to vanilla ice cream made with coconut milk and sprinkled with raw cacao . 
has turned into an early bird , naturally woke up at 7:30 AM today !! 
<3 green apples and almond butter . 
gets to play with big dogs today at the Brooklyn Animal Resource Coalition ! yay ! 
is busy planning outdoor expeditions for July and August , 6-10 mile hikes on the Appalachian Trail and the Catskills ... also , jumping out of a plane 13,000 feet above ground in mid-August . :D 
is checkin ' out Conor Oberst and the Mystic Valley Band in Battery Park and an evening fireworks show on the Hudson River ! Happy July 4th ! 
is thankful for a beautiful day spent lost in conversations and mesmerized by magnificent moments of wonder . 
is feeling renewed . 
is saddened by the ethnic violence happening in < PROPFEMALE > ... may we all learn to live peacefully and without hate or fear . 
playtime in Chicago today until Tuesday ! First , yoga and morning stretches . 
is falling in love with space and movement . 
is freedom is a state of mind . 
is going for dimsum in Chicago's Chinatown , snoopin ' around < PROPMALE > museums , chillin ' by the water front , and after-hours retreat with < PROPFEMALE > Chen and folks . 
is bicycling and beach time on Lake Shore with < PROPFEMALE > Cave . :) 
is riding the waves and lovin ' it ... but someone please hand me a surf board ! 
is listening to < PROPFIRST > LaMontagne on a late Wednesday night and letting everything just settle in , breathing gently and deeply and having this precious moment to herself . 
loves the oceans/lakes/rivers , soil , shrubs , trees , sky , clouds , and our big beautiful sun . Oh , I love it all ! :) 
knows deep in her heart that everything comes in waves . 
cleaning , laundry , errands , running , yoga , Peruvian dinner . :) 
is glad she took the time to slow dance to jazz music in Washington Square Park after yummy Peruvian food . 
is getting sick and slowly losing her voice . :'( need to get some rest and throat lozenges . icky-ness . 
is munching on rawnola and laying lowwwww . 
recommends snuggling under blankets and eating ice cream in bed while it's raining outside . 
\is a new soul in this very strange world hoping I could learn a bit ' bout how to give and take . \"" 
Good morning , World ! To run or not to run , that is the question . The beginning of a beautiful day off . :) :) 
is writing a letter to a penpal of 10 years who lives in Texas . 
is mentally preparing to wake up at 6AM on a Saturday , & getting ready to hike 8miles in upstate NY . Loading up on almond butter sandwiches , oh yea baby ! 
thinks it's a sin to get up so early in the morning on a weekend . 
had an overwhelming sense of gratitude while catching a glimpse of a deeply < PROPFEMALE > sunset on the 1 train ... it can happen anywhere ! 
cacao banana rice milk smoothie and spelt bread with < PROPFEMALE > jam before yoga class ... chicka chicka boom boom 
appreciates random acts of kindness ... time to pay it forward !! 
is multi-dimensional . 
is giving herself room for error , room to growth and change , and making time to express love to herself and others . 
is getting a thai massage tonight ... stretching and re-alignment is much needed . 
is smiling at the universe , and it smiles back . Thank you for this moment , for this beautiful gift , to be enchanted by your presence as it courses through my veins . I sleep in peace tonight , under a full < PROPFEMALE > . 
is taking < PROPFEMALE > out for a spin on this beautiful day . 
wrote a haiku : with true intentions / comes soft heart over clear mind / the moment that stays 
was all over the hula hoops in the sandbox , and wants to learn how to tight rope walk . 
is going for an AFTER HOURS RUNNNNN !!! 
is off to frolick for a late night rendez-vous to the swings ... yayyyy 
after 20 years of oppression , will the Myanmar government ever release prisoner of conscience Aung San Suu Kyi ? What a courageous woman ! Scared folks do awful things . 
is surrounded by so many beautiful things ... tonight , tomorrow , right now . 
will be attending a Despacho Ceremony in Central Park today . 
has the day off tomorrow ( friday) ! Anyone up for some < PROPFIRST > Bacon at the Met ? 
biking out to the rings & catching the sunset ! 
is metamorphosing . 
is staying in after an emotionally intense work day and painting her fingers a cute shade of watermelon < PROPFEMALE > . 
is indulging in wheat free , gluten free , flour free , agave sweetened banana nut raisin bread homemade by her mom , with a scoop of coconut milk vanilla ice cream on top , and drinking a tall glass of cold cashew milk .... dessert of champions . 
ran into an old friend and had a spontaneous , delightful time playing catch up in Fort Tryon Park . 
is it possible to care too much ? even at the expense of hurt , pain , or disappointment ? 
Anyone down to do a hike this Saturday ? 12 < PROPMALE > at Harriman State Park , 1000 ft peak . A fun group of us are meeting in Penn Station at 8AM and taking the metro into Jersey . Bring hiking gear , a solid lunch , at least 4 liters of water ... and yourself . :o ) Call me up at 646-234-2525 or msg me . 
checking out apartments , working from 3 - 7 , and Cuban dindin in the heart of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just saw an amazing apartment ! Great space & location , decent price , lots of sun , exposed brick , etc ... but 5th floor walk up . Anyone live on a walk up ? How do you like it ? 
welcomes Change with open arms . 
12mile hike is canceled because of wicked weather :( Brooklyn poetry jam , burrito bar and playtime at the monkey rings instead ! :) 
pitter patter goes the raindrops on my window sill ... anyone wanna stay in & snuggle this afternoon ? Just one of those days ... 
a night of acro-yoga , friendly faces and amazing hugs really did the trick ... now comes an after midnight attempt to get sand out of my hair from hanging upside down ! 
loves the feeling of green juice high coursing through her veins ... can't ... get ... enough ... 
is doing a 20 mile bike route to work and back today ... fueling on millet bread with almond butter and chocolate milk ( soymilk , cacao powder , agave , & love ) . 
got her first blisters from the monkey rings ... ouchh , but damn right I'm breaking my hands in :o ) 
is rising above and making waves in the ocean ... 
coffee and movie with < PROPFEMALE > Cave on a rainyyyy day :) :) 
is feeling the love from < PROPFIRST>'s homemade vegetarian dinner . 
Knowledge is a dead phenomenon , learning is an alive process . 
mau tidur sekarang ... just 5 hrs of sleep after fun with wine in the rain and splitting headache at work all day :/ 
is mellowing out to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on a lovely , quiet Monday night ... hello September in New York , hello Autumn weather ... 
is contemplating her Master's Thesis proposal , which she is going to start this semester ... finally ! 
Always remember : whenever you reach to a high peak , a deep valley is being created simultaneously . Every pleasure has its own pain , and every pain has its own pleasure . 
zaps herself back to school mode , getting ready to read a gazillion pages a week of ethnographies on the Middle East ... Osho is on hold for now . 
is having a Red Hot Chili Peppers and Smashing Pumpkins morning . 
is drinking all the kombucha in the world after tonight's dinner at Congee Village in the < PROPMALE > .... but totally worth it because of the company . ;o ) 
Truth is a pathless land , and it must come to one when there is total freedom from conditioning . You have to walk out of darkness , out of your own chaos , out of your own confusion , out of the < PROPMALE > of ignorance and come to that by yourself , your own comprehension of perception . 
is having a Portishead and Air night .... relaxing under a beautiful full < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is biking to Fort Tryon Park and sunbathing in her bikini , then lunch & off to the rings . Happy Saturday ! 
is etcetera , etcetera , etcetera ... 
tick , tock , tick , tock ... what time is it ? It's time for a greeeeen juice :o ) 
pulled an all nighter ... 
is craving sea vegetables .... uh , this thing I call my body , for real ?? 
is playing catch up with readings , starting a blog for class , and unwinding with Massive Attack's Mezzanine . 
is digging life and everything it has to offer ... a sacred morning gives way to a sacred day ... 
was hypnotized , by your very eyes , like a tiger in the dark you were hungry from the start ... 
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek ... 
is stoked she got 10 hrs of sleep last night ... feeling good and listening to Seu < PROPMALE > now , work and the High Line with friends later . Good morning , radiant world . 
' s heart is tender ... transformations after transformations make it so . 
is in preparation for a morning run underneath the looming clouds . 
is watching a tiger nap so peacefully ... makes me smile . 
fulfilled her craving for Pakistani food tonight , yeah ! 
Your task is not to seek for love , but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it . 
The end is the beginning of all things , suppressed and hidden , awaiting to be released through the rhythm of pain and pleasure . 
enjoys the simple act of breathing this morning .... work and yoga today . 
Balance is the imaginary line you pass through when you're bouncing between extremes ... haa thanks , WB :) 
is hooked to the vibrancy and breadth of life ... Happy Autumn , Northern Hemisphere ! :o ) 
Sleepytime Tea ... 
TGUK reunion tour ?? F-yeah !! Who wants in ? 10/30 @ Blender Theater , or 10/31 @ < PROPMALE > Plaza 
Today's intention : Be present and mindful . 
' s 5 hour nap did her body and soul good ... 
just received her first Akashic reading . 
If the Universe wants me to love , then so be it . I surrender to the unknown , to a source higher than myself , to the eternal powers ruling my soul and mind ... until there's pure acknowledgement that there is no \I \"." 
running in the dark to release what's been building up ... 
Do you know that at this very moment you are surrounded by eternity ? And do you know you can use that eternity , if you so < PROPFEMALE > ? Do you know that you can extend yourself forever in any direction and use it to take the totality of yourself forever in any direction ? Do you know that one moment can be eternity ? 
' s body is wonderfully achy from yesterday's yoga class ... gonna keep it going with sun salutes this morning :o ) 
will be hiking 8 < PROPMALE > to Kaaterskill Falls in the Hudson Valley and Catskills on October 10th ... where are my hiking friends ?! 
is organizing , reading , writing , cleaning , smiling . 
will attempt to write a critical annotated bibliography of approximately 35 references in one semester .... is this even possible ?! 
\Don't move the way fear makes you move . Move the way love makes you move . Move the way joy makes you move . \ " - Osho " 
is brrrr .... snuggle season is here ! 
is a lemon tree . 
is giving ' freedom or fuck off ' a new meaning in her life . 
is drinking holy water ... holy shit , everything is flowing ... 
is both the master and the student . 
spent the day with dry eyeballs ... yes , finally ventured into the world of contact lenses . :o ) 
is a synergetic experience . 
is up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > on her day off to hike 8miles .... nature time . :o ) 
craves a bath with epsom salt and oils after today .... oh , & a little bubbles too . 
just came back from Snoresville and ready to rock the casbah today ! 
is less thinking and more feeling as I rise and float and drift into the land of blissful togetherness and complete allowance ... who knew that surrendering to the moment can feel so good ? 
By having a reverence for life , we enter into a spiritual relation with the world . By practicing reverence for life , we become good , deep , and alive . 
is rocking out the hot pink leg warmers while she goes hardcore over Moroccan ethnopsychiatry ... fun times :D 
was given a whole loaf of wheat free , gluten free , agave sweetened almond cranberry orange homemade bread goodness today from her precious mother ... yayyy 
There is only one reason to do anything : as a statement to the universe of Who You Are . 
is biting off more than she can chew these days ... 
is off to < PROPMALE>'s Bagels , then volunteering at the Children's Aid Society . =) 
misses her bros , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > , and can't wait to visit them for Thanksgiving . =) 
breakfast , biking to < PROPFEMALE > from WaHi , work from 12 - 5 , then yoga class ? sounds like a plan ... 
doesn't understand why there's so much work for one stinkin ' class ! grrr 
is finding inspiration through achievement , feeling productive ! 
My yogi tea bag this morning says : Travel light , live light , spread the light , be the light . 
Waking up this morning , I smile . Twenty-four brand new hours are before me . I vow to live fully in each moment and to look at all beings with eyes of compassion . - Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > 
3 coats of black nail polish later ( for my halloween meow outfit ) ... now off to TGUK's reunion concert and a quiet , relaxing night after :) 
What you WANT is irrelevant , what you've CHOSEN is at hand ... 
Halloween fun with the gang ... meowwwwwwwwww !!!! 
is getting under some blankets for sweet dreaming ... nighty night 
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors . But today we kneel only to truth , follow only beauty , and obey only love . - Kahlil Gibran 
is contemplating training for another race this spring , possibly a 10k . 
knows its been an awesome biking season when there are smears of bike grease on the bottom of all her pants . 
shower , pick up a bottle of organic wine , 4 course vegan , burlesque show at Galapagos ? Sounds like a great night =) 
is breakfast , work , & ROCK CLIMBING . 
Truth only reveals itself when one gives up all preconceived ideas ... 
is amused that she found the tiger's slackline tucked away in the corner . 
Our whole spiritual transformation brings us to the point where we realize that in our own being , we are enough ... 
spent her saturday , from morning til dusk , hiking 3 mtn peaks in the pouring rain ... character building and humbling to say the least ... now ready to eat an elephant & get into warm , dry clothes ... 
Many of us think of sleep as a < PROPMALE > to get away from it all . But sleep is also a < PROPMALE > to return to the joys of our spiritual heritage - our universal awareness . So sleep fully and dream well , everyone . 
' s oracle reads \There is no experience that exists in this life that does not have the power to lead you to freedom . \"" 
got an extension on the due date for her < PROPFEMALE > critical bibliography ... so grateful ! 
is groovin ' to Beck and making dinner ! nice nice , oh so nice 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , joy , joy ! 
What we seek we shall find ; what we flee from flees from us . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Do not work oneself into a state of over-anxiety at the changes that will be found , or attempt to use up the strength and vitality ... Forget not the sources of thine inspiration ... 
trying to finish a last minute paper = CABIN FEVER 
can feel her body sinking in bed after a loooong day ... finally in Philadelphia to spend Thanksgiving with my Pops & bros . gobble gobble 
just discovered my brother < PROPFIRST > digs The Roots & The Fugees ... so now we're chillin ' , hangin ' , and groovin ' . good times ... 
Indo dinner , herbal greens , and sensory playtime with the Macan manis tonight ... nothing like being home =) 
You cannot transcend what you do not know . To go beyond yourself , you must know yourself . 
work , yoga/laundry ? goooood morning cloudy skies saturated with yummy rain drops about to fall on my nose ... 
Quinoa pasta for dinner might be experimental , but it could work with a little Mos Def and A Tribe Called Quest on the side ... 
was welcomed home by a kombucha bottle filled with pee , awesome !! 
Your first task is to see the sorrow in you and around you ; your next , to long intensely for liberation . The very intensity of longing will guide you ; you need no other guide . 
is choosing to opt-in to life with the loving tiger tonight ... Happy Full < PROPFEMALE > Wednesday =) 
The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest ... 
imagines that ' yes ' is the only living thing , received through the sensual mysticism of entire vertical beings ... 
Fill your day with celebration . Each day , honor the sacred that miraculously unfolds before you . Thank your soul & spirit ; be grateful for the gift of living your dreams . Celebrate the gift of loving your life .... Happy < PROPFEMALE > Tuesday , everyone =) 
learned a lot about < PROPMALE>'s Institutional Review Board at the annual Anthro party tonight , mostly not so great things . 
a research & coffee filled day at the NYPL ! < PROPFEMALE>'s archaeology lecture afterwards , perhaps perhaps ... 
The goal of spiritual practice is full recovery , and the only thing you need to recover from is a fractured sense of self . 
papers , papers , and more papers ... 
The only kind of dignity which is genuine is that which is not diminished by the indifference of others . 
is quietly , patiently watching life unfold before her very eyes ... 
is listening to João < PROPMALE > and having mashed sweet yams after a long day of work ... ahhhhhh =) 
< PROPFEMALE > critical bibliography on a snowy , cold day ... 
sleepy time soup for icky , yucky , poopy feelin ' < PROPFEMALE > 
tiger play-time , then lunch and a visit to the pool hall ... =) 
had a warm Christmas with awesome folks and delicious , nutritious food ( props to < PROPFEMALE > and Orest ! ) ... today , Malay restaurant and Russian cat circus post-xmas fun !! 
In thought , faith / In word , wisdom / In deed , courage / In life , service ... 
doesn't like the blistering , icey cold .... yhelp !! Need to warm up my tushie ... 
really ? 2010 ? Where are the flying cars ???! 
just saw a flying car ... Happy 2010 ! =) Selamat tahun baru ! Membawa kebahagiaan sama perdamaian buat semua di dunia ... 
Drink your tea slowly and reverently , as if it is the axison which the world earth revolves - slowly , evenly , without rushing toward the future . Live the actual moment . Only this moment is life . 
work for the 6th day in a row ... then 3 day weekend !! 
is off to no-reception land until Sunday , thesis time ! ciao , NY ... 
Be content with what you have ; rejoice in the way things are . When you realize there is nothing lacking , the whole world belongs to you . 
is exhausted , but present and committed ... juggling 5-day work weeks , volunteer gigs , graduate thesis , social life , and a loving relationship ... what else ya got , Life ?? Meditasi , yahh ... 
just said yes to be a data collector and interviewer for NYC's next Religious Census . Apparently , Life has this in store for me , too . Nice ... 
When I let go of what I am , I become what I might be . - Lao Tzu 
is loving life so much these days ... can't believe how lucky I am to be alive , to fully enjoy the beautiful moments the universe brings ... a deep sense of gratitude grows in my heart and expands from the inside out . 
loved girl's night out and reminiscing sweet memories -- thanks , Ladies . You know who you are . 
nesting in with my < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... 
is , once again , the reluctant mediator . 
has the greatest respect for older immigrants , how hard it must be to leave everything one knows for an opportunity that is so uncertain and to start a life from scratch ... post-volunteer appreciation . 
When you express gentleness and precision in your environment , then real brilliance and power can descend onto that situation . If you try to manufacture that presence out of your own ego , it will never happen . You cannot own the power and the magic of this world . It is always available , but it does not belong to anyone . - Trungpa 
is both mentally exhilarated & physically exhausted from religious census research in Staten Island today ( Christ Deli , anyone ? ) ... now in Philadelphia for one night to attend Dad's wedding tomorrow . 
is feeling relaxed and happy .... ahh , a lazzzy sunday . :o ) 
good morning , world ! work and community service today . :) :) :) 
it's a thesis paper and green tea kinda night ... 
is dwelling in possibilities ... 
< PROPMALE > Smith and vegan carrot < PROPFEMALE > soup ... 
With the sword of my will , I carve for myself a throne in the realm of the Spirit , which I shall ascend . - N . Sri Ram 
Would anyone like to attend the next meeting of the Religion in NY seminar on Friday , February 19 , at noon in Columbia University ? Guest speaker Geoff Pollick will be presenting his dissertation project , tentatively titled “Max Eastman , The Masses , and Religion in Modern American Radicalism . \ Lunch afterwards ; let me know :) :) " 
To say Yes to one instance is to say Yes to all of existence . 
is being told by the Universe to follow her heart first and foremost . 
is getting comfortable with school work and rooibos chai tea on a Friday night ... 
is rhythm and < PROPFEMALE > .... peaceful sleeping , world . 
Pakistani food smell on my clothes , mixed with peppermint shampoo in my hair and green cardamom pods in my pocket . 
what's the lesson to be learned ? 
misses riding her bike , < PROPFEMALE > . Spring in 3 weeks ! 
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes . Don't resist them-that only creates sorrow . Let reality be reality . Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like . 
is recovering from M , C , and M day ... day after : spontaneous cat naps in the warm sun , copious amounts of water , and fluttery feelings coursing through my body , mind , and soul . 
is looking forward to 3 day work weeks SOON . 
To educate yourself for the feeling of gratitude means to take nothing for granted , but to always seek out and value the kind that will stand behind the action . Everything originates in a will for the good . 
Field day cancelled because of strong winds and rain . Catching up on thesis and Linguistic assignments at the cafe by my house . Meridian stretchings and meditation to start the day right ... 
is working on a mock Linguistic research proposal on wealthy , Upper East Side private school teens who speak African American Vernacular English , aka Ebonics . 
Be the spark , light the fire , keep it burning ... 
has the day off , got up late with the wonderful tiger , the sun is out , the bike is oiled and geared , riding outfit ready to go -- what more can a girl want ? 
Toots & the Maytals and Linguistic readings after a day of sunshine , windblown hair , and < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is seeking balance , balance , balance , stillness , stillness , stillness . 
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously . 
is in love with the six meridian stretches , peaceful smiles everytime . 
Unwinding from a weekend of being sick and unnecessary hurricane hoopla . 
Visited the Franciscans today in the only friary in Manhattan , which happens to be in West Harlem . Right next to the friary was a mural of Our Lady < PROPFIRST > , possibly painted in the late 80s to symbolize the changing Spanish community of West Harlem . Props to the men with gray long robes and wooden beads ! 
Does anyone know of a Japanese religions scholar I can contact about Shinsh ? ky ? in the U.S. ( the Japanese new religious movement originating from Zen Buddhism) ? If not , any recommendations on readings would be very helpful . 
Hoping to have a better appreciation for theory ( for the sake of my < PROPFEMALE > thesis ) ... so far , I'm all practice and no theory- might be better than all theory and no practice . 
After-midnight poetry ventures and I am left with e.e. cummings ' words : It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are . 
Contemplating the 10th year anniversary of 9/11 and how much it has changed our nation . May we all live in peace , without fear or condemnation , and issue forth with courage in our every-changing world . 
I've officially spent 25 years around the sun . It's amazing I've made it this far . With continual reverence for those who've helped and encouraged me along the way , I look forward to many more years ! :) 
Enough writing and school work for me today . I completed my homework for classes , updated my thesis proposal , prepared a writing sample for a writing club that I joined , and wrote a reflections piece for A Journey . Time for Egoscue menu with lying supine ! And probably some downward dogs and side plank afterwards . 
Recuperating from a busy weekend of weddings , yoga classes , and writing groups . 
Getting ready for lunch at Aruveyda Cafe , what will the oracle bring today ? ;) 
Giving a talk tomorrow at Queensborough Community College for an Intro to Cultural Anthropology class . Will be discussing A Journey through NYC Religions , a bit of my social science background , and the skill of interviewing . Humanities Building , 4:30 pm . Message me if you'd like to sit in . 
Going for a Saturday afternoon run along the Hudson River . :) 
Letter of approval from Last Rain Church- check ! IRB submissions- check ! Midterm exam study sheets- check ! Pencils and erasers- check ! So ready to tackle the day . 
Today's a laundry and catch up day . Involving lots of scanning chapters in library books , yuck . But then a rewarding dinner and playtime at the rings with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Byers and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . :) 
Visited St. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Cabrini Shrine in Washington Heights , where the patroness of immigrants ' body lies embalmed in a see-through glass casket since 1933 . However , she died in 1917 so the body is 94 years old !! A must see for any true New Yorker . Don't forget to pick up a bottle of holy oil that's been touched by the relic at the gift shop . 
Reading \'Taste and see that the Lord is sweet ' ( Ps . 33:9 ): The Flavor of God in the Monastic West\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Fulton " 
Interviews and Sunday services in the Lower East Side today ! Will be visiting Pu Chao Buddhist < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > Street Synagogue , among others . Camera and recorder on hand . 
A big thank you to Abbott Shi Xui Jue , his predecessor Zhi Long , and Reverend Great Monk at the Pu Chao < PROPFEMALE > for their hospitality and warmth . Now I know what it's like to eat true Buddhist monastery food , the bean curds were cooked to perfection . :) 
Reading \The evidence of the senses and materiality of religion\ " by anthropologist Webb Keane " 
Census : Hispanics fuel US white population growth . Ethnicity and race are becoming interchangeable . http://news.yahoo.com/census-hispanics-fuel-us-white-population-growth-173449405.html/ 
Realization : I don't work out to loose weight , I work out to gain strength ... big difference ! Weather today was gorgeous . Now , time to wrap up some classwork for next week . 
Panel discussion at NYU on the Environmental Implications of Factory Farming , on Tues Oct . 25th at 5:30 . < PROPFIRST > Bittman , NYTimes food columnist , is one of the panelists ! \ 
\ 
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dDBhZ3otb3hxbGhpRG4yOFVpWnVoR3c6MA 
Lats are sore from hanging like a monkey at Riverside Rings yesterday . Finishing up a paper for class today , then jetting off to my writing club in the Lower East Side . Maybe I'll take a yoga class afterwards . 
Does anyone know of a stellar grammar reference book for journalists ? Reporter friends like the Associated Press Stylebook but I'd like to get a second opinion . 
Totally tired ! zzZZzzzZZzzzzz .... 
Editing , field notes , and baking pumpkin bread . :) 
