Sick ... :( 

Three wise women would have asked for directions , arrived on time , helped deliver the baby , cleaned the stable , made a casserole , brought practical gifts , and there would be peace on earth ! 
listening to holiday music , cinnamon scented candles are lit , good eating , family time , the rain ... I love the winter ! 
I hate on-line homework ! It is so pointless ! 
Just finished finals !!! and bought a new laptop !!! It's all awesome !!! YAY !!! 
I love my new laptop , especially the smart touch technology . I can login to all of my personal accounts with the swipe of my finger ! Totally awesome !!! 
Happy New Years to all and may it be filled with joy , laughter , and prosperity ! 
I have a question , do you think we will die with a poem unsaid in our hearts ? 
To Haiti : Remember what Mother < PROPFEMALE > said years ago , \I know God will not give me anything I can't handle . I just wish that He didn't trust me so much . \ " You will get through this ... God Bless your spirit and hope ... It inspires me ... \ " Weave in faith and God will find the thread . \"" 
Can't believe I had an accident on the job ! It has only been 2 weeks since I started !... not my fault though . It was a freak accident ... 
I can't wait until the new < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland movie comes out !!! I'm dying to see it !!! 
Why is it that people with bad credit scores can get loans of 20k+ and people with good credit scores have a much more difficult time ... only in < PROPFEMALE > 
\Logic will get you from A to B . Imagination will take you everywhere . \"-- Albert Einstein " 
Tried ZUMBA yesterday and loved it ! 
Watching I love the 80's ... I miss Tetris :'( 
\Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication . \"-- Leonardo Da Vinci " 
my baby's sick :( 
Now , I'm sick , too ! What a great way to start spring break ... 
I feel like eating but I don't know what ... 
Can't wait until my son goes egg hunting ! 
Got a chem midterm tomorrow ! UGGG !!! 
LOVE working with chemicals !!! 
Watching Giada at home on the FoodNetwork ... making homemade pizzas calzones ... looks tasty ... I think I'm try to make my own ... 
Saw Clash of the Titans yesterday ... I wish I could dress like a Greek/Roman goddess ... They always look so beautiful and elegant ... 
Confused ... I don't know what to do about my past ... 
Can God create a bigger rock than He can roll ? 
epi < PROPFIRST > tics and < PROPFIRST > culture co-evolution ... interesting ... 
Why is that when you see a tampon commercial , the women are so happy and active ? I don't know about them , but when I have my cycle , in no way shape or form , will I be that enthusiastic ... 
MUSE tickets go sale tomorrow ! YAY !!! 
The early bird may get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese ... 
... and so I bought my son's artwork for two dollars ... does that make him a professional artist ?... hehehe ... at such a young age !... 
It's easier to say no to dessert than to pretend you don't eat ... 
Just saw Chicago : the musical ... I loved it !!! 
Can't believe it ... my son starts preschool this August ! I swear it was only yesterday when he was born ... 
Watching the Disney movie Cars with < PROPFEMALE > boi ... for the 3rd time today 
I cracked my wrist because it felt a little stiff , only to find out that by cracking it , the pain worsened ... uggg 
You know what I hate , when politicians want your vote , they really don't talk about the needed issues . They just play up to us the \now\ " issues ; just beating around the bush ... it annoys me ! " 
Another weekend ... 
Cloudly night , starry sky , cold wind , rain ... the cool and calm effect it has on me . I wish everyday could be the same ... 
Eating the best sandwich !!! 
ever feel tired , but don't know why ... that's me right now ... 
\The only mistakes in our lives are haircuts\ " - < PROPMALE > Morrison " 
\Hell is empty . All the devils are here . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare \ " the Tempest . \"" 
Saw < PROPMALE > of Persia yesterday with my hubby ! Awesome movie ... now , I'm waiting for a God of War movie . I hope it's soon ... 
craving skittles .... 
frozen brownie sundae with strawberry sauce ... mmmm ... looks good . I think I'm gonna make some ... can't wait ! 
watching the movie Troy ... completely in love with it . Actually , I am love with the < PROPFEMALE > that it takes place in . It's romantic in its own way ... :] ( dreaming ) ... 
the movie Inception ... one word : AWESOME !!! 
sleepy ... zzzz .... I'm up I'm up I'm up ... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ( drool ) 
The purpose of life is life with a purpose 
My son just finished his first week at preschool ! I swear time goes by exponentially faster when you have a child ... 
MY HUBBY IS THE BEST ! Got a new laptop ! MACBOOK PRO !!! Love ya babe ! 
Watching the movie musical HAIRSPRAY ... can't help the urge to get up and dance 
Stand Up 2 Cancer was :'( yesterday ... let's stand up !... \ 
standup2cancer.org 
Whose line is it anyway is so funny ! I love this show ! 
Finally , watched Dear < PROPFIRST > last night with my hubby , and loved it ! I couldn't believe I actually had tears in my eyes ! 
It's weird to wake up in the morning before everyone because it's so quiet ... 
To the < PROPFEMALE > Museum ! La Brea Tar Pits ! 
Watching the < PROPFIRST > Mouse Clubhouse with my son 
“Anger is just a cowardly extension of sadness . It's a lot easier to be angry at someone than it is to tell them you're hurt . ” -- Tom gates 
loves Pon and Zi !!! 
sick :( 
sickness , and warm weather don't go together ! 
I wish I could utilize light for energy like the plants , that way I could have more energy ... 
At the California Science Center with my hubby ... 
I actually had a good time at the California Science Center today . The best part was when I was allowed to go behind the scenes and feed the fish in the large aquariums ... In a way , it ignited a passion so lost in me , the love of animals and nature and their < PROPFEMALE > . 
The sun'll come out tomorrow , bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow , there'll be sun ... and heat !!! 
OMG ! I just watched Glee , the < PROPFEMALE > Spears episode , and I LOVED IT ! 
One of my biggest weakness is SHOES !!! 
Worked at Dark Harbor ( aka < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s freight fest ) . I had a blast ! Scaring people is sooo muuch FFUUUNNN ! 
Watching Blood Diamond ... sad , but truthful movie ... 
Just watched The Green Mile ... WOW , how could I have missed this movie ? I loved it !!! 
son is sick :( 
Oh , rain ! How I missed you ! 
I put it on the door 
Off to the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s Dark Harbor ]: -> \ 
\ 
Feelin a lil devilish , so wish me a good scare ! 
I've been feeling like getting a haircut ... maybe retro/vintage ... thinking < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > inspired ! dunno just yet , just thinkin about it ... 
Why do the nights have to be so long , when I study ? 
making blueberry muffins ! :D 
is so wanting to have her hair cut like the beautiful < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
At Dark Harbor ... in the CAGE !!! Tonight , there's gonna be Disney Imagineers , Universal execs , and Knotts execs tonight ! The CAGE is rated the number one 
When I see you smile and know that it is not for me , that is when I miss you the most 
Not all who wander are lost 
RAIN :] 
Feeling great about this week :) 
summer in November ? Interesting ... 
Watched For Colored Girls and loved it , but be warned that tears will be involved 
kinda disappointed : l 
Chocolate feeds my soul :) 
Tomorrow , at American Eagle Outfitters in < PROPMALE > Amo Mall in Torrance , it is FRIENDS AND FAMILY DAY !!! You can get an extra 20% off your total purchase if you mention my name . 
Went to Solstice Canyon today and hiked with my wonderful husband and beautiful son ; had the best time ! 
is making arroz con leche :) 
is a pirate at heart 
\Good humor is the health of the soul 
Happy Thanksgiving to all ! May you all have a wonderful day filled with wonderful family , friends , and food ! 
Working black friday ... and there are lines , huge lines to gett into stores ! Crazy ! 
When the wind blows anything goes 
I have parenting down to a science ( every day's an experiment ) 
Just watched my dvr recording of the < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret Annual Fashion Show ... LOVED IT !!! AS ALWAYS !!! 
is having a dark side love affair with winter's night 
From now until December 7 , change your profile picture to a cartoon \ 
character from your childhood . The objective of this is not to see any \ 
human faces on Facebook but an invasion of memories for the fight \ 
against Violence to Children . Remember we were kids too . The goal of this game is not to see a human picture on Facebook , but an \ 
invasion of childhood memories until Monday . PLAY AND PASS ALONG ! 
Congress will vote on the Dream Act today ! Lets pray for this to pass , we need all the prays , wishes , and hopes we can get ... 
The Dream Act ... \ 
A \yes\ " vote is a vote to pass the bill . \ 
\ ... Your form extends beyond breakers 
a rainy day is always a perfect day 
About to eat some pizza with some hot wings and Pepsi ! Still a fattie at heart ! 
My beautiful baby boy is sick :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a goodnight ! 
Just watched the Black Swan and I absolutely loved it !!! It's definitely being added to my list of favorite movies . 
This is my perfect kind of weather :) 
The irony is that mass die-offs — usually of animals with large populations — are getting the attention while a larger but slower mass extinction of thousands of species because of human activity is ignored ... 
Still a Scorpio ]: -} 
\Everything in the universe has a rhythm 
< PROPFEMALE > Spears is still awesome ! 
:) 
Had a wonderful time yesterday at Disneyland with my son celebrating his birthday ... my beautiful baby boy is growing up so fast ... 
Sushi ... mmmmm ... :) 
Just watched the world premier of the movie I AM NUMBER FOUR and loved it !... 
Hello , FB ! Haven't seen you in a while ... been a little busy with work and school ... oh , yeah ! I also had my four wisdom teeth pulled ; looked like a beat up chipmunk since ... hope every one's doing great ! 
is disappointed 
Ready to leave the past and start new ... no walls to guard me ... 
\too much do to and so little time\ " is an understatement ! " 
wants Cadbury Easter Eggs ! 
