working on his project ( sigh ) 

finished his project . and if there is a test tomorrow he is really screwed 
will know in 48 hrs or less if he is going to get a new job 
is going to be going for training at Antonios on Monday . I think that means i have a new job 
Gave my two weeks notice at one job and found out i can graduate with my associates degree without having to take anymore classes . YAY ME !! 
Well since the Tigers are done and we all know where the Lions season is going to go we can all turn to the Wings to give us a good season now 
Yay my Xbox died go red ring of death . Thats two 360's of mine that uve claimed 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
Has the next three days off so if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with him . This means you < PROPFEMALE > Hain they should let him know ;P 
why am I so cold ? 
i need three more of each nails , bricks , harnesses 
Well last week was a freaking awesome week and this week is starting to look no better . yay work on my day off 
I just finished filling out the application for a pastry cook position at MGM Grand wish me luck in getting it 
God's not playing fair 
Goodbye < PROPFEMALE > , you were like a second mom to me . You did so much for me in my life I wish that I could find a way to thank you for everything that you've done . You will always be in my heart . The memories that I have of you will keep me going untill i get the < PROPMALE > to see you again . Goodbye < PROPFEMALE > , I love you and you will be missed . 
New CDs are AWESOME i think ill watch my new movie ltr too 
going to get my car checked out . Again ... 
i now know what might actually be wrong with my car YAY !! 
i dont have any buddies at my work for the next two weeks that just sucks :( 
Boondock Saints 2 and zombieland are awesome i knew zombieland would be funny but to have < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > in it is just awesome 
Was late to work an hour yesterday so i got my tuesday taken away and is now out twelve hrs on his paycheck . YAY !! go life 
Nothing get's so bad A whisper from your father could'nt fix it 
Nothing get's so bad , a whisper from your father couldn't fix it 
I've seen more spine in jellyfish , more guts in eleven year old kids 
Putting in apps at the ritz and the hyatt , then getting me splinter cell and maybe a new cd ill see how things go 
just applied to the ritz . Now on to the Hyatt 
Woke up at five , now i have nothing to do someone should save me from my boredom 
Go tell that long tounge liar , go tell that midnight rider , tell the rambler , the gambler , the back biter , tellem that God's gonna cut em down , You can run on for a long time run on for a long time sooner or later God'll cut you down . Well , you may throw that rock and hide your hand workin ' in the dark against your fellow man , But as sure as God made black and white , What's down in the dark will be brought to light 
So uninterested with everything right now 
Not looking forward to the next two days . sleep time = now 
Still tired even though i slept till 2 
Picking up my lil sis and then doing some errands . Txt me ltr ppl if u wanna do something 
Up since about 9 i think it is time for a nap 
watching step brothers with my non step brother 
work from 10:30 to 11 tomorrow . Can we say tired much ? 
Job interview tomorrow let the wishing of good luck commence 
bored and tired . prolly not a good combination 
annoyed i just lost my three days off in a row . and so far this week i havent had a day off 
its over , you ended it , ill always be here when you need me , because we both know at some point you will . you have been my everything for so long , i just dont know how well i can get along ... it is so hard loosing your best friend , esp when they are the only person you ever really fully trusted . 
I guess i can tell people now . New job at the Inn at St. Johns starting soon Yay me !! 
Is bored . Wishing he had someone to keep him company :( 
June 24th will be my last day at < PROPFIRST>'s YAY !!! 
Started my new job today went very well and i get to listen to the radio while i work again . This job is lookin like a keeper 
To everyone that I worked with and told them that my last day was this Thursday I am sry to tell u that my last day was infact today so ... I guess ill see u for the last time when I go and pick up my check on Friday 
So to everyone from Antonios that thinks im coming in today to get my check sorry i have bad news . Changed my mind going up north instead ill pick it up some other time and see u guys . Later :) 
Going up north . Be back friday night or saturday morning . If anyone cares 
Thinking about going upnorth since i dont have work untill friday . Should I or shouldnt I ? Let me know what everyone thinks 
Dont think im going up north this week cuz im going to get my ac leak checked out tomrrow maybe next week . So who wants to keep me company till then ? 
The guy who developed the layout for the Ford Taurus ' engine is an idiot !! The oil filter is in the most inconvient spot known to man 
Going to see Underoath on Sunday WOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I guess God still isnt done picking on me yet . Lost my job today , the past 5 months have sucked so much . 
Underoath Concert should be fun 
Underoath Concert was AWESOME !! 
So once again my amazing life continues to amaze me . On tuesday as i was driving back to camp from my grandmas house my car decided to die on me my Dad believes that it is the transmission and I have just now gotten my car to a shop down here but i will not be able to know for sure what is wrong with it till monday . YAY downward spiral that is my life !!! 
The transmission shop got a look at my car and it needs a complete rebuild cuz the pump failed and there was metal shavings in my filter so thatll only cost me a cool 1500 . O well at least ill get my car back by the end of the week 
I've got five fingers on each hand for every mistake that i've made\ 
cuz my tongue is tied to tonsles and i need to shit and shave\ 
im a shade to pale for handsome and have habits i can't shake\ 
and if you try to take that from me well i'll never be the same\ 
\ 
Trainwreck that I am\ 
and I am what I am what I am \ 
a trainwreck , that I am\ 
and I am what I am what I am\ 
A trainwreck 
Prop open the door I can actually see my breath tonight\ 
But that doesn't mean I'm breathing\ 
Crack a smile just for the sake of it\ 
This could take a while\ 
A long while 
In the end we tend to think of how it\ 
began\ 
I could never explain the picture it painted , \ 
and how it made me feel\ 
Now the ceiling is in motion\ 
The light centered and overlooked\ 
You want to see me disappear ? Well , so do I , So do I\ 
Leaving for Isle Royale in the morning wont be back till after the 21st 
Back home from Isle Royale got in at 4:30 am had fun there . Would like to go again sometime . 
Going to see if his glasses can be saved 
Bored \ 
Wish i had something to occupy my time 
Busting out my N64 for nostaglic reasons 
Now remembers why he put his N64 away in the first place 
At the Renaissance Festival . Yep im a nerd 
I believe i found my new favorite tv show . Bully Beatdown it makes me lol at how confident the bully is going up agains t a pro MMA fighter 
You say youre a big deal , big deal\ 
Ive been a big deal ever since big wheels 
And there you were six years old ashes in your hair . You're not scared you've seen so much pain in so few years 
Sometimes I doubt your commitment to < PROPFEMALE > Motion 
5 hours 36 minutes 55 seconds till Halo Reach im kinda excited 
Standing in line for my Halo Reach awesomeness 
Halo Reach . Why yes i do believe i will play till the sun comes up 
Halo Reach I love you 
Apple picking with the family then Halo Reach weekend 
Halo Reach weekend starts now 
At a 16th birthday party < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is here cool 
Halo Reach weekend was a success . Played plenty of Reach went to a birthday party saw a lambo got to kiss it and < PROPMALE > out and had drinks with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I am < PROPMALE > Dewicki and I approve this message 
HOW DID WE MEET ? ( Copy this to your status and see who remembers ? ) 
If you make a promise to yourself you have to keep it . No matter what 
Going medevial today . At the Renaissance Festival again 
Sitting in jail 
If you make a promise to yourself you have to keep it . No matter what . 
Apparently Facebook no longer wants me to have fb chat so they took it away from me 
O wait here it is as soon as i complained about it i got it back 
Facebook why did u change ur chat ? It was fine before now everytime I use it I will be filled with annoyance 
Just found out that the < PROPMALE > Hotel in Southfield somehow got a copy of my resume and they want me to come in for an interview tomorrow . Idk how it happened but I'm gonna roll with it . Wish me good luck everyone . 
Well my interview at the Westin went very well I might be starting work sometime this week just have to go back on Monday and get things squared away with HR . YAY me for getting a new job !!! 
Just finished all of the achievements in Halo Reach and im very likely getting a new job this week . I must say this is turing out to be a good day . Up north for the rest of the weekend I guess 
I have two places wanting to hire me and one of them already did so now Im just waiting to hear back from the Westin , and then Ill be working two jobs hopefully and making some $$$$$ O yeah i start work tomorrow at Bistro 222 . YAY ME !!! 
Just realized that he wants the Droid Incredible phone really bad . And he also wants to learn < PROPMALE > and polish . If anyone knows how to speak these and would be willing to teach me how please let me know 
Wishes someone would txt him cuz he is bored outta his mind at work 
Kill , smile , cut it out for me this time \ 
Smile , Havent seen him smile in a little while \ 
Work till midnight then idk what 
Was complimented by the executive chef today . Apparently im doing a very good job here , so suck on that inn at st johns 
Doc theres a hole where something was . Doc theres a hole where something was 
I havent talked in days . Im really not to sure what i sound like anymore . 
Was just told by a ticket to toast ranch dressing for a salad . If anyone knows how to do this advice would be appreciated 
Shorty , you're on my mind yeah\ 
Shorty , all of the time yeah\ 
Shorty , all of the time yeah 
So when it's over , \ 
And I'm on my way back home , \ 
I realize I'll be gone in another day , \ 
But twenty four hours can last me for months . \ 
Maybe I can't take this strain . \ 
Work till midnight then off to < PROPFIRST > Collins Halloween shindig . Should be a fun evening 
I would love anyone that will txt me and save me from my boredom right now . Incase u dont know my number its 313-399-6483 . Please save me 
Work till midnight txt me anyone if u get bored 
Has tuesday and friday off now instead of monday and tuesday . 
Bored at work txt me to keep me company please ?? :) 
This day needs to end soon I am so bored at work 
O man still tired from last night . Had fun with everyone and got to see some good music . It was also nice to see < PROPFEMALE > Hain who i havent seen in three yrs 
You should've killed me when you had the < PROPMALE > . 
Wow today was ridiculous i just wanna go home and sleep to bad i have two and a half hours to go 
No work tomorrow i have orientation instead . That means i get to come in and get paid for sitting around and listening to someone say stuff . Yay me !! 
You think there is no one left who can get you out of your mess . But I will be right here until the bitter end 
( 1/2 ) K so the hotel is at 20% so that means its going to be dead tonight and its a sunday so its going t be even worse . Im saying im going to get 3-5 tickets 
Mmmmm tater tots 
So ive been at work for almost 4 and a half hrs . And ive done three tickets so far . The biggest thing ive accomplished so far ? Watching the wings win in OT 
Omg i am bored outta my mind at work somebody please please please txt me and keep me occupied . 313-399-6483 
Is this worth fighting for ? \ 
I am on my knees . \ 
Should I admit defeat ? 
So im kinda bored so I guess ill do this . Comment back with ur fondest memory of me and ill do the same when i get off work . 
K thanks everyone apparently none of you have any memories of me at all so thats good to know . Just wondering do my status updates even show up on ur ppls wall ? 
Shower then picking up my check and turkey from work . Then idk what txt me if someone wants to do something . ( even though i know no one will ) 
I swore this fire would never burn out 
Kinda bored at work if someone txts me itll make me really happy like this ----> :D if u dont have my number here it is 313-399-6483 
One more hour till im off work and it is completely dead here someone please talk to me to pass the time 
I just got mail from an egg company . I guess that means Im officially a chef if Im getting mail from egg companies 
This is my worship . This is my life . To bring hope into this broken world 
cool i just switched m saturday off for thursday so i get a day off sooner Yay !! 
Kinda bored at work . Someone should txt me to keep me company 
This means to much to me to let slip through my hands\ 
And even when my strength fails me I will still stand\ 
I will not be pushed aside\ 
Hopelessness and emptiness have no place in me\ 
This may be the death of me , so be it\ 
Bring me back to the days when everything made sense to me\ 
Together we could move the mountains and watch them fall into the sea\ 
Times have changed now that I'm older ; where did I go wrong ? \ 
Life was beautiful when we got along\ 
But I'm not giving up on this ; we've come too far\ 
Just to throw all we have into the wind\ 
So many times I have given up on You . Will You take me back ? \ 
You can count on me 
Sooo tired . Seriously thinking of going back to sleep for a bit 
If I wasn't here tomorrow \ 
Would anybody care\ 
If my time was up I wanna know\ 
You were happy I was there\ 
Would anyone lose sleep\ 
If I wasn't hard and hollow\ 
Then maybe you would miss me 
getting ready . then going to get my haircut . goodbye long hair its been fun . then work from 4 to midnight . someone should txt me for funzies but it prolly wont happen :/ 
Gots my hairs cut if 15 ppl like this status ill put up pics of my new hair otherwise u wont see it till u see me in person 
i decided to post the new pics anyways so lemme know what u all think\ 
work from 4 till midnight if anyones bored they can txt me 
No work today I wonder what i should do ?? 
This is why you don't stay online when you go out :) \ 
---- Love < PROPFIRST >;) 
< PROPFIRST > Dewicki is the coolest sister in the whole world and I am jealous of her amazingness :) P.S. I am also jealous of her artistic abilities . 
My head is kinda cold . Missing my hair right now 
That's when she said I don't hate you boy\ 
I just want to save you while there's still something left to save\ 
That's when I told her I love you girl\ 
But I'm not the answer to the questions that you still have 
got called into work early so from whatever time i get there till midnight . Should be fun 
You just don't learn do you ..... \ 
>>> ASHLEY :) 
Cougar couldnt handle it . He was number 1 and you were number 2 . Now youre number 1 Been working grill all night and the Top Gun theme song has been in my head 
Wants to let a certain younger sibling know that if she changes my status again today its going to be on like Donkey Komg 
< PROPFIRST > WAS HERE :) you know , the sad thing is that the only way you post on my wall is when you pin me down .... not by staying logged on .... 
Got called into work on his only other day off . This should be a fun day :/ 
Thinks a certain someone is gonna have trouble changing my fb status today :p 
Anyone that wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with me next week should let me know cuz i have sunday through wednesday off next week . 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people WON'T copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this . 
K so Ive gotten about 2 or 3 hours of sleep so far today , and I have to go work from 4 to midnight . Should be a really fun day . At least after today is over with I have 4 days off YAY !! 
I have now started my four days off in a row from work what should I do ?? 
Wants to see Tron Legacy REALLY REALLY bad 
Going to see Tron . Its gonna be awesome 
So yeah ... Tron was AMAZING ! 
Baking cookies with my family ... While listening to Attack Attack ! 
[ POKE ] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do .. \ 
[ LIKE ] this status if you think im a good friend .. \ 
[ MESSAGE ] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me .. \ 
[ COMMENT ] on this if we have had good memories .. \ 
-NOW LET'S SEE WHO'S BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS AND PUT ON THERE WALL- 
Because of you my mind is always racing\ 
And it gets under my skin\ 
To see you giving in 
So my four days off is now over and I didnt have that much fun was mainly doing work at home helping get ready for Xmas . At least i got to sleep in till 3 and 4 everyday . Back to work 4 to 11 
Been at work for 4 hrs now . Finished all my prep work and havent had a single ticket yet . I kinda hate slow days :/ 
A half hour till we close and ive done 4 tickets all night . I like/hate these slow days 
In the end its not about what you have\ 
In the end its all about where you wanna go\ 
And the roads you take to help you get there\ 
I hope you think that’s fair\ 
Cause you only got one life to lead\ 
So don’t take for granted those little things\ 
Those little things are all that we have\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! 
Get outta work in an hour if someone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out lemme know 
Getting outta work at eleven again today . If someone wants to < PROPFEMALE > ut lemme know 
I suppose I could change to the new profile since facebook wont stop bugging me about it 
I am heaven sent , \ 
Don't you dare forget . \ 
I am all you've ever wanted , \ 
What all the other boys all promised . \ 
Sorry I told . I just needed you to know . \ 
I think in decimals and dollars . \ 
I am the cause to all your problems , \ 
Shelter from cold . we are never alone . \ 
Coordinate brain and mouth . \ 
Then ask me whats it like to have\ 
Myself so figured out . \ 
I wish I knew .. 
Work 5 to 2am . Happy New Year everybody . Goodbye 2010 hello 2011 
work 4 to midnight . If anyone is bored they can txt me while im there 
Let's see how creative my facebook friends are ! Leave me a one word comment that describes me using the THIRD letter of your first name .... it can only be one word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... 
Finally decided to get up at 5 since i dont really have any reason to wake up or do anything in my life 
Wants to sleep until 5 but due to scheduling difficulties he has to work at 4 :( so tired right now 
Woot woot !! Gots me a fruit roll up yeah boi !! 
Sometimes when you look for happiness you have to dig deep within you to find it . And if you want it bad enough , and your shovel breaks , use your hands 
Thinks he might need to stop staying up till 7 or 8 in the morning . Its starting to get a little ridiculous 
Well first day off in nines days has been nothing but alot of running around but still its better then working till midnight 
Working 4 to midnight tonight hoping its not to bad 
Wants to have a snowball fight with someone . Im off tomorrow anyone up for the challenge ?? 
Who cares what everybody else thinks . Just look into your heart and do whatever the hell makes you happy - Dr. Kelso Scrubs\ 
God do i love that show 
NO CHEATING ! post this as your status even if you're taken and see what people want from you , inbox ONLY . \ 
1 ) your number\ 
2 ) second chance\ 
3 ) < PROPFEMALE > out\ 
4 ) kiss\ 
5 ) friendship\ 
6 ) to chill\ 
7 ) to cuddle\ 
8 ) long term relationship\ 
9 ) a good laugh\ 
10 ) an apology\ 
11 ) a hug\ 
12 ) be my best friend\ 
13 ) i just love you ? 
Asking everyone to please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had Cancer . I know my family will . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting 
Mmm lobster tail and beef and mushroom ravioli for dinner at work ... Hells Yeah ! 
Not sure y everyone is all hyped up about the superbowl . To my understanding it sounds like some huge bowling tournament 
And I wonder if I ever cross your mind . To me it happens all the time 
Day 8 of 9 Im in the final stretch now . Cant wait for a < PROPFIRST > Collins Party on Friday and the Underoath concert on Saturday . And I get to meet Underoath !! This weekend is gonna be AWESOME !! 
Thank God that work week is over Day 9 of 9 complete now to enjoy 4 days of doing absolutely nothing . Except seeing Underoath on Saturday . Be jealous < PROPFEMALE > Hain be very jealous 
Underoath concert tonight !!! Get to meet the band beforehand and its going to be awesome !!!! Dont worry < PROPFEMALE > Hain I wont forget to bear hug them just for you :) 
At the underoath concert . Meet and greet was sweet . Got in a couple of good bear hugs in cant wait for the show to start 
Well my little vacation is over :( Back to work 
Thinks he might actually try and go to sleep early today . But for some reason he doesnt see it happening 
Yeah going to sleep early did not work out well . I think a certain person knows they are the reason why ;P Still awake and now im going to go about running my errands for the day . Maybe passing out later when they are all done . 
Well Im starting out 5 hrs behind where i wanted to be but itll be fine . Nebraska here I come 
I almost drove through Indiana without knowing it 
Iowa the state of corn and nothing else 
Just saw a gas station in Iowa called < PROPFEMALE > and Go lol 
Just bought some < PROPFEMALE > and Go merch 
Keeps going further and further away from < PROPFEMALE > Valquardson and he doesnt like it 
Is back in Michigan , but he wishes he was back in Nebraska with a very beautiful girl :) 
Hates everyone that is going to the ADTR concert today and tomorrow . Lucky bastards -_- 
