gosh facebook is such a mind number so much worthless shit to store in your brain im running out of room 

HELP MY APPS HAVE TAKEN CONTROL OF MY < PROPFEMALE > AAARRRRGGGGHHHHHH 
Tommorrow i buy the world peace and free love to all hehehehe 
ok i just woke up ... i cant find my glasses .... that aslo means i cant find my pants , until i find my glasses ... which means going out side is out of the question ..... grrrrrrrr ..... hehehehehe 
ok i have pants now the word is safe once again 
a breif flash of lonliness hmmm sigh ... 
i think my body clock is still on phillippines time arrgggghhh 
A BIG THANK U TO EVRYONE BECOMING FANS OF OUR BAND LOV U GUYS 
BOY !!! what u doin with that CHICKEN ???.. ... ... .. I'm pettin it dad .... 
please gift chickens in farmville i need them i really really .... need ... them .... 
how the hell did i become this involved in social networking ??? i need a life .... 
aaahhhh im not feeling well at all for some reason ... errrghhh my body is hurtting bad rite now im goin to take some rest ill be off for a while thanks everyone for ur bithday wishes i love u all 
ahhh we have a great show last night im very happy about that a good birthday for me 
my body is very sick from lack of sleep and som strees stuff here lately so im gonna rest for a while not feeling wel still just need sleep miss everyone just tired 
ok im home but ive been in thew frozen woods for three days sleeping in the cold and to be hones im worn out heheheh im going to rest for a while everyones worried about me im ok no woorries ju ... tired neeed ... sleep .... in a warm ...... bed . mwah lov u all .... nyt 
once again ive managed tgo fuck up my own happiness and someone elses as well , when will i ever learn to not say how i feel to keep my mouth shut ? 
NEVER MAKE SOMEONE YOUR WHOLE WORLD COZ WHEN THEY LEAVE YOU HAVE NOTTHING ...... NEVER AGAIN 
thank u thank u thank u for all the food gifts in caafe world keep em comin farnville players remember to click ur free fuel stuff that stuff is expensiv elike real gas hehehe thanks for those gifts also i can use cows right now but il take anything thanks everyone 
Man !!! what the heck ever happened to global warming ? theres two feet of snow in my front yard and my pipes are frozen for 4 days now arrrggghh i hate winter grrrrrr hey anyone playing cafe world send food gifts please i will do the same thanks 
Im so depressed ....... 
im ok now no worries just missing my girl ; her internet was down im fine 
everyone that has cafe world please send food gifts thank u mwah 
im so tired of the lag here i wish face book would fix their latancy issues AAAARRRGGGHHHHH 
superbowl haftime WHAT AN AWSOME STAGE !!!! I WANT ONE HEHEHEHEHEHE , not a bad job for bunch of old geezers daltry looks like hes gonna fill his trousers at any moment if he hits a high note tho hehehehe . townsends choce of amps was interesting too i wonder how custom they are ? 
can everyone pls send me food gifts in cafe world ? my news feed isnt working thanks 
horshoes and harnesses arrggghhh 
horshoes and harnesses arrggghhh horshoes and harnesses arrggghhh horshoes and harnesses arrggghhh horshoes and harnesses arrggghhh horshoes and harnesses arrggghhh horshoes and harnesses arrggghhh horshoes and harnesses arrggghhh horshoes and harnesses arrggghhh 
sorry everyone i have the flu atthe moment and feeling pretty bad just trying to rest i will try to respond anyone i can but im gonna be in bed a lot so bear with me while i get well thanks mwaahhh 
hey somene anyone send the 200 serving gift in cafe world please ? im making pot pies and my customers are starving we cant get news feeds anymore tha really sucks help me pleas eill return the favor always 
ok going to eat be back 
am i th e only one cant send gifts today ? 
plerase send valentines in farmville pls pls pls pls pretty pls ????? 
i reallyneed valentines in farmville if anyone can stil send i need about 40 more i think 
i need 32 more valentines in farnville i know there are at least 32 people out there that love me well at least i hopr there is hahahahaha 
well my valentines quest failed my chicken coop failed just about everything is failing today 
is anyone else having trouble with no requests in mafia wars ? 
ok everyone im home from practice but im worn out and need to sleep ill see everyone after i wake up im ok just tired 
DONT INSTALL SIMS # ITS A VIRUS 
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
dont install sims 3 its a VIRUS 
ok everyomne get it now ? 
i u were dumb enuf like me to installit uninstall it and eleteallthe albums it created 
i u were dumb enuf like me to install it uninstall it and delete all the albums it created 
wow fertilizing all the people i care about is a draining task .... ewwww . that didnt sound right ... oh well ... its the thought that counts hehehehehe 
ok im just saying that there ismore than rock and hip hop out there open a mind mon hehehehehe 
ok i am officially in rebellion to all this get a part from ur neighbor crap every app is doing this now im exhausted asking for gold nails bricks spice jars car lifts power tools pirate ship parts and love for moms apple pie grrrrrrrrrrr rrrrraaaaaawwwwwwrrrrrrr .... oh by the way .... keep sending gold .... :P 
finally no more gold ahhhh it feels so good i got all the rewards twice hehehehehe now to finish this stupid house 
seven windows or the maison builing 
ok finnaly finishes with this stupid shack in fv 
why do i hav to feel so sick ? where the hell did all this snow come from ? i need to go to the store but i dont feel well enough to walk in this crap another beautiful day in paradise 
wyh doesnt anyone understand my problem i feel like such a failure now 
ok guys listen thanks so much for all ur fv gifts i need 18 ppcs of gold before time runs out pls pls pls dont send me maison or stable parts if u need those send me a note and i will gift them to u just for now pls send gold lov yah thanks 
note to accountants at burger joints a double cheese burger has 2 pieces of cheese one on each < PROPFEMALE > if there is one slice in the middle this is a cheeseburger /hamburger , not a double cheeseburger or an accountants special as i like to call it grrrrrrrrr 
the best way to recieve eggs is to send arequest then the person ur requesting can select the < PROPMALE > spring egg and get an extra one whn they send urs farmville isnt letting us double up on requests this time it seems any other tips post comment here 
guys use the ask for eggs link in the basket not in the gift box if u use the link in the basket and ask individually then people who send u an egg can get one also by selecting the red spring egg use 3 egg link that keeps floating around u cant request and send like with the gold collection u have to balance it or do one or the other make sure ur helping the other person also and not just urself 
If you appreciate your farmville friends for all their help & moral support they give you ..... then let them know by posting this on your wall . I truly do appriciate my friends ... without them this wouldn't be nearly as much fun . I have great neighbors and I appreciate each and everyone of you !!!! Happy Farming 
Mafia family APPRECIATION DAY ! If you appreciate your Mafia friends for all their help & moral support they give you , then let them know by posting this on your wall . I truly do appreciate my friends ... without them this wouldn't be nearly as much fun . I have a GREAT Mafia family Thank you all -- you are the best ! 
thinnking all the three egglinks are now dead not getting the gifts so im going to switch back to the egg baskey request link at leat u can get 2 that way 
attebtion all my pets in FFS creating a tragic drama will not get me to spend money in ur wall it will however get u in a lot of trouble with me 
what an awesome rehearsal last nite but boy am i tired now trying to put myself back together resting ... 
ok ok a twelve hour nap and 8 hr crops dont mix i get it errrggghhhh .... 
hey alll u jerks out there if i share something to vie DO NOT TOUCH IT IM SHARING THEM PRIVATE I DONT KNOW HOW ANYONE ELSE SEES THEM BUT THEY ARE NOT FOR U DONT TOUCH THEM 
hey anyone gets a video from me dont click it its not from me its one of those stupid fill ur wall or photo gallery viruss or something just delete it please thanks 
pet society wishlist - fire hose soap dispenser , so i can just hold own my mouse button and blast my neighbors clean hehehehehe :P 
writes 1000 times I will not get pissed off ... i will not get .... 
yah i am always wrong im alway like that 
i heard someone say once ... think about something five times before u say it ... i wish i could remember that more often ... 
why does FV keep trying to force us to buy farm bucks ? if i want a puppy i have b feed it every day with food that can only be bought with farmbucks arrgghhh this really annoys me that they do this same thing with fuel cant buy with coins and if ur lucky u can get some on bonus but they limit it now to about one harvest worth per day these bean counters at zynga grr i will have to so no to the puppy :( 
wow gifting is really buggy today always hanging arrggghh 
finally had to go out and squire oreos after thinking about them all day .. mine aren't as big as < PROPFEMALE>'s tho but they are yummy ... mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmmmmmmmm hehehehhe 
ok i am tired of being poked and proded subjected ti high magnetic feilds and loud noises . being injected with radioactive dye and being boiled under a ct scanner im glad all these tests are finished arrrrrrgggghhhh im so tired now 
off to the store here real quick brb 
ahhh pet society is laaagggggiiinnngggg grrrr 
ok < PROPMALE > now i just discovered what u have been ranting about this similar post thing ... THIS SUCKS what the hell ? i cant get updates on any of my apps now coz they are caught in a random internal show similar posts loop clik on show older posts u get a link clik on that you get the links u got at first this really blows HEY FACEBOOK !!! IF IT AINT BROKE DONT FIX IT !!!! GEEZE 
mystery bag ? all mine have inflatable boats in them now all i need is an ice pick 
i need bricks and bottles in fv thanks guys we are becoming great gifters 
ok i need one brick and im done 
just performed surgery on my keyboard think im gonna get a few more weeks out of it gosh im i a cheap bastard hehehe 
big dudes music 
WHY IS THERE ALWAYS SOME COMPLEX POSTING BUG ON FACEBOOK ??? ALL MY APPS WHEN I SELCT SOMETHONE ARE NOW SAYING PLEASE SELECT SOME FRIENDS FIRST CANT FACE BOOK FIX ANYTHING EVER ??? I LOVE MY FRIENDS AND I LOV SENDING THEM STUFF BUT THIS IS TAKING MY WHOLE DAY COZ OF FACEBOOK FIX IT !!!! ARRRGGGHHHH 
< PROPFIRST > is Cranky now hehehehehehehe :P 
arrgghh got a sinus headache from hell gonna lay down arrrgghhh 
i wish they had a hot < PROPMALE > shovel on farmville dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig ....... 
please dont ask me about it . its a private matter thank u for respecting 
im miserable and lonely ... my body is hurting ... i miss u .... 
i miss u i dont want to give up im so tired .. so tired 
if we are not here for each other then what are we here for ? 
you can all the good in the world and love like no tommorrow but if u make one mistake people will label u a monster and thats all people will remember .. :(( i am sad to have made the mistakes i have made and i am ashamed of the things i have said in anger . the people i have hurt i beg ur forgiveness i am still a good person i hope someone will see that someday 
i just want everyone to know me and vie are still friends we still trying to see what we are dont be mad to her she is good person and so am i we just make mistakes and we are only human dont judge us pls we lov all of u 
tryong to feel better 
if ur heart is open love will always find its way in 
overjoyed ... :) 
my beautiful vie , u make me smile make me so happy i lov u <3 :) 
:( 
Happiness is not having what you want . It is wanting what you have ... 
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . 
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own 
i wish the weather wud clear up here my bones are aching like mad 
when u depend on someone for your happiness you are becoming a slave , You are creating a bondage , and you depend on so many people they become your subtle masters ,, they all exploit you in return ... 
feeling sick again arrggghhhh i hate this ... 
For one human being to love another : that is perhaps the most difficult of our tasks ; the ultimate , the last test and proof , the work for which all other work is but preparation . \ 
-Rainer < PROPFIRST > Rilke 
STUPID REMINDER OF THE DAY : when roasting jalapeños and habeñeros for salsa DO NOT in your enthusiasm to examine the wrinkled and caramelized treasures u have created .. open the foil packet right out of the oven a chemical reaction reminiscent of a biological weapon will hit u in the face OUCH ... :P 
opinions are like assholes everybody has one and they are usually full of s**T mind your own house before u look in my wiindow 
ahhh done with my requests ahhhhh .... thanks everyone for all ur love and kindness today lov u <3 
sick again i hate this 
But if you believed in me like I believe in you , We could have a love so true , we would go on endlessly . And I know anyday , anyday , I will see you smile . Any way , any way , only for a little while 
IS there no END to the trauma that is in my life ??? @# !! %$*&^# !!! 
If you're BRAVE , Copy this into your status and see what people rate you :( 1 ) Crazy ( 2 ) I'd marry you ( 3 ) Talkative ( 4 ) Sarcastic ( 5 ) Lovable ( 6)Awesome ( 7 ) Moody ( 8 ) Dumb ( 9 ) Great Friend ( 10 ) Mouthy ( 11 ) Random ( 12 ) sexy ( 13 ) Funny ( 14 ) Fit ( 15 ) Amazing ( 16 ) Beautiful ( 17 ) cute YOU MAY PUT YOUR ANSWER IN MY TRUTH BOX IF YOU ARE SHY OR WANT TO REMAIN ANNONYMOUS 
LAG LAG LAG LAG LAG LAG . LAG .. LAG ... LAG .... LAG ..... LAG ...... LAG ....... LAG ........ LAG ......... LAG .......... L ... A ... G ... 
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute , and it seems like an hour . Sit with a pretty girl for an hour , and it seems like a minute . That's relativity . ~ < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Love is an irresistable < PROPFEMALE > to be irresistably < PROPFEMALE > d . ~ < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Love is like a friendship caught on fire . In the beginning a flame , very pretty , often hot and fierce , but still only light and flickering . As love grows older , our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals , deep-burning and unquenchable . ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you , I could walk in my garden forever . ~ < PROPMALE > Lord Tennyson 
hi everyone sorry if i havent answered ur gifts yet im trying to catch up but my arm is swollen from tendinitis and im tired from band practice lov u all ill get to replies as soon as i get some sleep nyt everyone mmwahh <3 
The way is not in the sky . The way is in the heart . ~ Buddha 
Duty makes us do things well , but love makes us do them beautifully . 
ive < PROPFEMALE > awa y from home a couple of days but im home now everyone im fine everything is fine no worries 
Once in a while , in the middle of an ordinary life , love gives us a < PROPFEMALE > tale ~ Anonymous 
hi everyone just have so many requests and getting tired . im just goping too post the rest without a personal reply . i wamt to say to everyone i love u all so much and thank u for u gifts and kind words and love that u always send to me mmmwahhh hugs and kisses ??? all of u are beautiful angels in my life thank u so much :))) 
The life and love we create is the life and love we live . ~ < PROPFIRST > Buscaglia 
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard , but must be felt with the heart . ~ < PROPFEMALE > Keller 
True love begins when nothing is looked for in return . ~ < PROPMALE > De Saint-Exupery 
Passion is energy . Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you . ~ Oprah Winfrey 
Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime , and never let go till we're gone . ~ Titanic 
wanted to let everyone know my sister < PROPFEMALE > has passed away i will not be on regular for a couple of days lov u all im ok ... just sad coz shes gone ... 
connot send gifts in farmville i need wooden boards and nails if anyone can send to me thanks 
For it was not into my ear you whispered , but into my heart . It was not my lips you kissed , but my soul . ~ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see , but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel . 
You're only young once , but you can be immature forever . 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . \ - < PROPMALE > Marley " 
You CAN have it all . You just can't have it all at once . ~ Oprah Winfrey 
can someone tell me if they are getting gifts from me in fv i keep getting an error message if u want something from me send it to me and ill send it back that i know works for now 
anybody not busy in fv join my coop please my requests arent working at the moment its the tossing tomatoes job and the reward is a circus elephant great job on the last one folks thanks for all ur help lets do it again if ur available mmmwahhh <3 
what good is it to five energy packs in queue if u can only use one every 24 hrs and why do we now have to burn up requests to send them ? another retarded moment from the zynga development team ... sighhhhhhh .... put down the crack pipe guys and stop fixing stuff that isnt broke im still missing all my respect from when u guys changed to the crime spree format which no one seems to care about arrrrggghhhh 
i need nails and wooden boards pls no Japanese barn parts or Tuscan wedding items that girl has been married 100 times over already no mystery gifts and especially no trees i appreciate all the gifts but if u can send nails and wooden boards ill love u forever hehehehehe 
has anyone discovered what good vip access to vegas is im mw i dont get anyhing except a dign saying ur in woo hoo big frickin deallll hoooooo .... :P 
why am i having to repermit all my gift apps ??? 
ok i started today with 80 requests and now i have over 100 and i have been accepting them all day .... im completely exhausted .. hehehehe ... but i just just want everyone to know . all u gals that send me gifts and so much love .... hugs and kisses to u all ... u r all the sweetest bunch of ladies a guy could ever know ... jam i love u ... il talk to u soon nite everyone thank u for all mmmwahhh <3 
hey guys can u send me < PROPFEMALE > bees instead of mystery gifts i wud like to finish off my hive thanks again for all the great gifters out ther lov yah <3 
ok so her i am overslepy almost all day and i have a show in a few hours god what a nihtmare always like this grrrrrrrr 
u know itsa juat too f**cking hot i think more people are murdered when its this hot omg its just tooo hot ..... :( 
anyone know what happened to the dropdown to send gifts directly on somones < PROPFEMALE > ? 
ok facebook was kimd enough to give me back my account although the reason they gave for disabling it was kind of ridiculous 
hey guys help with my cafe stuff pleeeaasee oretty pls ? clik the < PROPFEMALE > parts and stive parts on my wall thanks 
so whats the deal with this special delivery thing in fv ? why dont they jus say heres a brick for ur farm thats all i have gotton in all of them sop far i guess the coders didnt have anything to do this week 
I am hopping PISSED OFF MAD ONCE AGAIN SOME WANTS TO RUIN MY LIFE AND INTERFERE in things that dont concern them all i can say to that person is god help u ur gonna need it 
what the hell happened to top internet friends app ? i cant find it anywhere .... 
just letting everyone know sorry if im not replying to ur gifts lately im not feeling to well much pain with my back . My doctor says i have three discs out of place and some compacted vertebrae god i love athritis errrggghhh !!!... ... and im just trying to rest . i will catch up to all when i can . love and miss u all thanks <3 :) 
. why are all my special delivery boxes full of horseshoes ? i dont need horseshoes why when i want to send a gift back do i have to click a confirmation dialog ? does faceboook think i might have second thoughts about sending a gift in return ? and why doesnt it take u back to the gift < PROPFEMALE > ? instead of back clicking my way there again ? grrrrrr its like the vista user account subroutine has made its way into the fb code 
i miss my beard huhuhuhuhu ... 
just to let everyone know im rejecting special delivery boxes in farmville if u send me one i will just ignore it . i really appreciate gifts but i just dont need 50 nails bricks and boards sitting in my giftbox zynga needs to fix this one i dont need horsedhoes or harnesses ill still send everyone gifts just not those they just burn up good gift requests 
nyone tell me how to seel chickens in frontierville ? i cant find a sell button or anything what do i do ? 
Thanks to my friend for sending me SWEET DREAMS !!!. I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/life-cibcde/home?url=&tv3=nKnXbWUcEOCZ2SiCKSrAhyuGk066bhOzYqo%3D 
I AM SICK OF FACEBOOK STRONG-ARMING MY ACCT WHY ME ? WHY CANT THEY PICK ON SOMEONE ELSE JESUS CHRIST GRRRRRRRRR 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Alejo Sanchez for sending me showing love . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/showing-love-fiicee/home?tv3=nKnXbWUcEOCZ2SiCKSrAhyuGk067aBGyaqU%3D 
Do we really know the people on our FB Friends List ?! Here's a task for you ....... tell me HOW WE MET ! After you comment , copy & paste this to your status , you'll be surprised what some people say .... 8-) 
it eud be nice to not have to answer do u want to share this 200 times while im harvesting my crops in fv cmon zynga enuf is enuf jesus to much popup during harvesting 
Thanks to my friend for sending me miss you . I really like it ! http://bit.ly/argTFK 
where the hell are the black < PROPFEMALE > seeds people are sending but they are not in the gift box ?????? 
please dont send special deliveries right now i dont need 200 boards bricks and nails i only want black < PROPFEMALE > seeds 
I Love u jam <3 
anyone else having trouble getting bushels in farmville ? 
i need 4 more clicks in my chicken coop any help is apppreciated thank u <3 
2 more clicks for my chicken coop pleaseeeeeee heeeelppp mehhhh thanks :) 
overwhelmed by the ABSOLUTELY STAGGERING anount of stupid people there are in the world ... and my great fortune in having to interact with them ... grrrr 
everyone who can come tommorrow we are at dannys on broadway from 9 to 1 am accross from the uptown come and celebrate my 47th ( arrggghh ) birthday with me and the band 
is enjoying the birthday http://apps.facebook.com/bdayecards/viewcard/22494979?src=s 
to everyone that either helped to celebrate or sent wishes on my birthday i love you all thank u so much its the nicest birthday i have had in years to my band .. u guys rock hard thank u so much ... to my girl jamaika i lov u so much thank u for being part of my life 
hey fv players please send me holiday gifts i am requesting a lot and getting almost none can u guys help out just b clicking those requests pls thanks 
anyone else cant load fv ? 
just want to let everyone know i am no longer accepting friend requests theres a problem i have to solve hope everyone will understand thanks 
its easy to always want something you dont have and its common to never be satisfied in this world but its better i think just to be thankful for what u have always and be thankful for the people that love you that is what makes anyone a whole person not achieving the impossible just being grateful for the normal , i am thankful every day i am alive and grateful for the people that love me happy valentines day < 2 
miss being young ... miss my health ... miss my girl ... miss working ... miss feeling normal ... im so tired ... i am thankful for so much ... for all the people that love me ... its always good to remember that i am blessed with so much 
I want to be the one person u cant stop thinking about , The one person that makes ur life complete , i want to be ur devotion , inspiration , obsession , ur whole world , ur everything ... 
Every issue , belief , attitude , or assumption ... is precisely the issue that stands between you and your relationship to another to another human being and between you and yourself : 
theres nothing quite like the feeling of watching someone u love sleeping your arms around them listening to them breathe , wondering on thier dreams , listening to their heart beat , whispering i love u but not waking them 
???????????????? ??? ?? ???????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status ? \ 
???????????????? ??? ?? ???????????????? 
ok feeling better still sick but better ahhhh chicken soup and oranges they shud put it in a pill 
ok im performing stupid man tricks today pls forgive me 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 Hr . I know the ones who will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer , my wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hr .? Do it for all who have fought and are fighting . I hope to see this in the status ' of all my family & friends . 
ok then .... haiiinaku .... its daylight again what happened ? grrrr 
sometimes i just want to give up all im trying to do ... so tired always ... but i keep hoping for miracles 
OK THERES TOO MUCH WATER ON MY HEART GONNA TRY TO DRY OUT GO BACK TO THE CARDIOLOGIST ON MONDAY FEELS REALLY SICK 
IF U TRY TO CONTACT NE AND I DONT REPLY DONT WORRY IM JUST RESTING HERE IM OK JUST HAVRE TO GET THE WATER OFF MY HEART TAKE CARE EVERYONE\ 
IF I DONT ANSWER IF UR CALLING DONT WORRY IM OK JUST RESTING TRYING TO GET THE WATER IN MY BLOOD DOWN WONT BE ONLINE TONIGHT THANKS ALL 
promise me a promise\ 
pls tell me you will\ 
promise me ... \ 
i am the only one\ 
there is no other\ 
i dont know why i feel this feeling\ 
but i just want your promise\ 
i miss u so much\ 
i miss our most happy days when are always rejoicing our love\ 
i lov you\ 
i love you with timeless passion and devotiion\ 
you are my life ... and my heart\ 
you are all i need and want\ 
you are my world .... \ 
my everything .... \ 
i lov you 
I never wanted anything , other than to be your everything . 
I am a lamp ... under a bushel ... :( 
I FEEL SO DEPRESED .... 
so tired so overwhelmed pray for me if u r my friend need ur strength all of u ... so tired ... 
Dear Mr. President , I heard you say you will not guarantee SS checks if the debt ceiling isn't raised . Why is it the scare always has to do with SS , Medicare , & our Soldiers pay ? Why not stop your own pay or all of Congress to save much more money for our country ? Why use the Seniors , Soldiers , & our Needy as examples ? Take the money from those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? Re-post if you agree 
Needing someone to talk to ? \ 
How many would actually be there for you ? \ 
I can guarantee not even 1 of my Facebook friends will copy this status . \ 
If you would BE THERE FOR ME , set this as your status and see how many of us would be there for each other ! ( I just did for 1 of my friends)\ 
Lets try it out and see . ...... Prove me wrong . I posted this to show a friend they were wrong . Someone is always listening !!! 
what the hell is wrong with all the gift apps now almost impossible to use 
? Before you talk .... LISTEN\ 
? Before you react ..... THINK\ 
? Before you criticize .... WAIT\ 
? Before you pray ...... FORGIVE\ 
? Before you quit ....... TRY ...!!!!!! 
????????????????????????????????? \ 
IF YOU HATE THE NEW FACEBOOK CHAT BOX , PASTE THIS ON YOUR WALL\ 
????????????????????????????????? 
before you give someone a piece of your mind , make sure you can spare it ... 
too much pain gosh .... how much pain do i have to be in before the doctors will give me something that works ? grrrrr 
