Happy New Year everyone \\ 

I really really really really would rather not go into work today . Days like today are what inspire me to go to school . ugh . 
I wish I had magic fairies to clean my house . Can't wait to move into the new one . 
I need to find hobbies 
Why does the past weigh so heavy when its the future that is lifes endevure 
hopes I'm not sick 
day two 
is really enjoying the new < PROPFEMALE > spektor stuff ... now off too work . DAY THREE AND STILL GOING . 
Chinese food for breakfast . DELICOUS . 
sooo hungry 
bulimy : extreme hunger 
coffee and fresh cut grass , thats how saturdays are supposed to smell . 
Even though things seem like a never ending shit hole , someone always tells me something that makes me change my mind . 
i miss < PROPFIRST > , even though i get to see him everyday our awake time adds up to like an hour this fucking blows . 
sleeeeeeep , how good you are to me . 
I see that my wall is covered in mafia wars nonsense instead of the love of my friends =( so sad , my facebook life is controlled by button pushing . 
So excited for the day , woke up and came outside and it actually feels like our fall time is approaching . 
history of history I've heard and heard , Eyes covered like a new born baby grasping for stablility I've be told and told Dog to master I tilt in confusion running laps in disalusion I have gained nothing from nothing What have I said but nothing What have I taught but nothing I've read it throught in through but now my eyes are tired 
is enjoying the weather and can't wait for it to get colder . 
I really don't want to get up and start packing , moving is such a bitch . 
If MW was a job , I would be a very dedicated worker . Now I'm off too my real job . I need my hair did , seriously . 
In Melbourne , hanging out at the sunshoppe . 
Trying to fill my day with something other than tv . I'm getting my hair cut at 430 and I am actually very nervous . Coffee ? 
hmm I hope the weather stays nice through the weekend while I'm up in melbourne . 
Watching my sisters keeper . I must say it is probably one ofthe most emtional movies I've ever watched . 
off to work I go in about 45 < PROPFEMALE > . 
I've been having some really weird dreams lately , probably due to stress and my caffeine consumption . 
I'm working all seven days this week , that should be fun . 
And were an epitaph to be my story I'd have a short one ready for my own . I would have written of me on my stone : I had a lover's quarrel with the world . - < PROPFIRST > Frost 
I've always known it was my < PROPFEMALE > to help people , but for the longest time it seems destinies were reversed and I was the one in need . 
We've written of a day where all loveliness is no cost . We've shut up inside heavens doors . Where no smell of loss can grace our path , we've laid poverty to rest on someone elses door . 
It looks like it should be cold , feels like it should be cold , and smells like it should be cold . Yet I'm coming quite close to breaking a sweat . 
Its 2011 bitches 
Ehh , sometimes I wonder how the universe turns and certain specimins collide and then decide to attach themselves together forever . 
I could really go for a reeses 
Well after my last post I've decided no reeses and am going on a only fresh fruit and veggies diet for the next week , just to kinda get myself into the swing of eating healthy . Except for my coffee can't really cut that out . haha . 
So went and saw daybreakers last night and would have to say it is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time . The vampire were lame and couldn't do anything cool , they were more like zombies . It was a interesting take on the whole situation just not played out very well . 
Magenta In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer ? . Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you ? ) For my grandma who is one of the strongest , and kindest women I know . 
Somehow last night I flipped a glass up , hit myself in my nose , now it is bruised and really hurts . 
Facebook is playing with my mind . Not cool . 
fuck my life . I was just looking at pictures from like 3 years ago when I was Skinny and Tan ( which mean hot ) and now I am pastey and fat(which means ugly ) uhhhhhh . Usually I would not complain , but < PROPFEMALE > has a wedding to go to in 7 months . 
O to grace how great a debtor daily I'm constrained to be ! Let thy goodness , like a fetter , bind my wandering heart to thee . Prone to wander , Lord , I feel it , prone to leave the God I love ; here's my heart , O take and seal it , seal it for thy courts above . -I love this Hymm 
I wish their was more I could give , could do . All my efforts seem acute . We will not be afraid for you are forever with us . 
Foward , from :D on Luszczewski : Cluster Fuck- military term for a situation with no orginization = Haitian Earthquake Relief . Seriously ! No supplies being released ... we snuck in to the airport and loaded a truck with water and left . No aid rendered by Navy except to US citizens ! WTF ? We had a two year old with 80% 3rd degree burns ( days old ) that was turned away . 
Hello saturday , goodbye friday you are a drag . 
Not feeling sooo hot , off to work all day =( CHICKEN DINNER 
hmmmmmm 
after thorough investigation and with much scrutiny I have come to the conclusion that I am ( much so my own pleasure ) Mentally Insane ( self diagnosed ) , from the hours of 9-2 ( possibly 3 ) on any given day when left alone . Nilla agrees with this statement ( my dog ) . In conclusion the song of the hour is \do you hear what I hear\ " by Noël Regney and music by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Baker . " 
My coffee is beginning to grow cold , that is really just a metaphor for < PROPFIRST > Favre . Ah ha ! 
To bad nobody gave all the Democrates and Republicans toothbrush shanks made by prison inmates , it might make the state of union address more interesting . They're staring eachother down real hard . 
They're still have trouble getting the supplies they need ( food , meds , water ) Please pray that something changes and the tides will turn . 
There is gum in my ash tray and I find it quite appalling . Who is the mysterious descrator ?! 
Yesterday I followed a face wood road , found some good deals , and saw my grandma , mom and dad . Today = WORK ALL DAY . not quite as appealing . 
SHABOOM ! only word that makes sense right now . ( not sure its a word , but that makes it all the better ) 
It smells like butter , tits , and pinesol . 
Who knew that simple half n half could cause chaos in my daily morning routine . Oh and further more , I was slightly embarrased to go to Walgreens in sweats , a t-shirt , no make up , and my hair looking like madusa's serpents , but alas I have been fooling myself , I fit right in . The majority of port saint lucians don't ca ... re what they look like . I was the odd man ( or woman ) out . ( my coffee still isn't quite right ) 
I have long been a fan of Vampires starting back in the < PROPFEMALE > days , but now I've grown to detest them and everyone that writese books about them and makes soft porn shows about them and writes songs about being like them . 
I quite enjoy Jay-z's remake of forever young 
I now have the head cold thats been going around . I also work the next five days , so this should be a fun week . 
Hot tea , daytime cold meds , and a uplifted heart should get me though this week . 
So the sickness came out of no where and has left just as quick . The guy that played the Evil Terminator in T2 is in this weird movie I'm watching where the Girl from < PROPFEMALE > the Witch is cutting up someone and stuffing drugs inside and the T2 guy is some hick farmer driving a spanish girl across the americas . ( I think shes a prostitute ) 
Dear DD(dunkinDonuts ) when I asked you for no sugar in my iced hazelnut coffee this morning , I did not mean double ( possibly triple ) up on the cream . Now it just taste like milk with ice , and who the fuck likes milk with ice !? 
I have woken up in a housewife mood . 
In the process of walking from the living room to the porch I spilt my coffee three times . wtf . 
why are you back mr. cold ? I thought you hide gotten the hint when I said I really hate being sick . Guess not . Lets try this again . 
I finally won my first game of hearts , with a low score of 20 . 
If I sent you out a notification about me \liking\ " your photo don't open the link its some spam nonsense " 
change . 
I am bundled up on my porch , drinking coffee , and checking the interweb . Luckily nothing has gone catastrophic yet , but the day is still young . Its actually beautiful outside , and I am in awe . 
I am a lowly nerd ( without the smarts , just clumsy ) living the life of an elderly person . Jealousy may ensue from my fellow facebookians , don't worry I'll teach you the way . 
Cash Cab has been thoroughly entertaining 
Starbucks , < PROPMALE > , and Moe's . Its been a good day . 
So the lady at starbucks said Nilla was \sooo handsome\ " and I would have to agree . " 
11 hour day yesterday , and a 10 or more hr day today . I feel exhausted , server 10 hours is like 20 hours at a normal paced job . 10 hours of smiling and saying yes when you really want to scream \FUCK YOU ! \"" 
Animated Alligators , blood , guts , and gore ... thats what shitty movies are made of . 
I am an empty vessel filled to the brim . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > all day everyday . My two favorite lesbians . 
If I could I would up date you with words of wisdom . Maybe from some great scholar or poet , but I have gone down into the well and the dust has just settled against the stone . 
exploding whales in taiwan , who would have thought . 
homo erotic baby umbilical 
and this is how you do it . 
This is my smoking song , it ain't very long but it gets the job done . 
Love ? Above all things I believe in love . Love is like oxygen . Love is a many-splendored thing , love lifts us up where we belong , all you need is love ! -Moulin Rouge 
How low can you go ? 
We are like flowers quickly fading , life is fleeting . 
days pass and these moments keep slipping away . 
I've got a dollar a day savings , a change savings , and a bi weekly pay check savings . Any more ideas ? I've found that breaking up my savings into different things ( like above ) makes it easier for me to save . 
I'd swim across Lake Michigan , I'd sell my shoes . I'd give my body to be back again , in the rest of the room . To be alone with you . 
I hate Florida , hate it . 
So I went and rented some movies for < PROPFIRST > and myself to watch tonight and I figured since I was going to be home alone for a few hrs I should rent a girly romantic comedy for myself . Well I rented Love Happens and lets just say I wasn't fucking laughing , I cried more in this movie then I've cried in any movie in a long time . Thanks alot . 
I want to marry < PROPFIRST > Jaa . 
Tough loss against the Assassins today , I hate that damn team lol . Baseball for those of you that dont know what im talking about . 
OOps i just commented on < PROPFEMALE>'s , I just played myself hahahaha 
< PROPFIRST > doesn't know how to use facebook or realize who's account he's logged on to . Which is why my last two updates make absolutely no sense at all . Last night was fuuuuun , oh and < PROPFEMALE > has 99 problems but a bitch aint one . 
I'm quite hungry but can't figure out what I want to eat ! 
lazy days . 
lazy days equal bored out of my mind . i need coffee someone go with me . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is an Informational Alien , oh and that girl that sang her Goodbye song last night on American Idol did a shit Job because the Original is Amazing ( < PROPFEMALE > Carlile ) 
Watched < PROPFIRST > play baseball , went to dinner at my favorite place to eat , and now we're going to watch \The < PROPFEMALE > and the frog\ " Its been a really good day . " 
Going to the starbucks , wish me happy travels . 
My FaceBook is possessed by a demon ! 
Dear Turbotax , it did not take me minuts to do my taxes like your commercials say , BUT I am done and taxes are filed . Thank God . 
Had an interesting night , watched Below The Banner play in Daytona , they're surprising really good . 
I pitty a fool . 
Somebody bring me back some money please . Had a great weekend with < PROPFIRST > , we went and celebrated Calebs 9th birthday Saturday . Sunday we went to his brothers BBQ and saw Clash of the Titans . All and all it was amazing . 
I need to find hobbies other then drinking coffee and being on the computer . 
Somebody buy me a piano with recording abilities and performance speakers built in , thanks . Casio's may not apply . 
Sometimes the life I lead gets lonely . 
I have a whole lot of time and all this energy trying to expel . I think I may take up painting again or something 
Starbucks , Lunch , and < PROPFEMALE > THE VAMPIRE SLAYER !!!!!!! 
Breakfast at Cracker Barrel with < PROPFIRST > , twas quite delicious . 
Davids baseball game , subway ... and off to work . I lack motivation . 
No work today and it feels great . 
You say do all things in love otherwise your deeds become idol and selfish , but would doing nothing be any better . 
YAHTZEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Dear Florida , Please invest in a air conditioner that spans the radius of PSL . Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > Bischoff 
Another day off and it still feels great . < PROPFIRST > and me stopped by lows last night picked up some paint samples for the outside , looked at some tile for the porch and the main living area of the inside of the house , and looked at some plants for the front , it makes me very excited =) 
I've got soul . 
One of these days letters are gonna fall from the sky telling us all to go free But untill that day i'll find a way to let everybody know that your coming back , your coming back for me Cause even though you left me here i have nothing left to fear , these are only walls to hold me here 
life is like a box of chocolates . 
I hate when I lurk people and find things on their profile that I wish I didn't see . I guess that should be the lesson in it all . Don't be such a effin creep . 
How the world does change in a moment . When you thought all was right your learn of all the wrong . I don't know whether to cry or grab a baseball bat ... 
A new day is born . 
I just got done talking with a Jehovah's witness ... and in truth I feel bad for them . I wanted to start crying while talking to this lady ... She was telling me how there's over 8 million of them ( JW ) and how they only believe 144 thousand are going to heaven ... To love God and serve him all your life and not get picked from his lottery what a truly horrible way to live . 
Its a beautiful day . Nilla thinks so too ! 
Okay .... Plans today : Take my car to get the oil changed , then walk to starbucks while waiting , when all thats said and done , drive to fort pierce and finish some school stuff then idk . I need a monday though friday , morning to mid afternoon , part time , 2nd job . 
Had crazy weird dreams , and woke up with a headache . I have to travel to the fort of pierce since I didn't have time to do it yesterday . True Blood season 3 starts this sunday , so freakin excited ! 
Weird , two girls ( about 15/16 ) just walked in my front porch sat infront of the door giggled for like 2 < PROPFEMALE > and then walked away ? I got excited thinking it might be the girl scouts . 
Had a death match with a spider , not sure who won . 
I wish I had air conditioning in my car . I think then I would be more motivated to go and run about town today and get all the things I need done . 
Off to Melbourne I go for the next four days ! picking up my sister at < PROPMALE > airport tonight . Sooooo excited . 
Had a great time in Melbourne . Went to the beach got a little burnt . Did some crazy arobics with my mom and sister and I am still sore . Played lots of super < PROPFIRST > on the wii ate crab legs , and best of all got to see my family and my sister ! all and all a great four days . 
Soooo tired . 
I want waffles , and coffee . Someone hook a sista up ! 
I love < PROPFIRST > from True Blood . He can do real bad things with me . 
I feel like a have a lot on my plate right now , I don't know whether or not to eat the mashed potatoes or the dumplings , both are good , but which is right for me ? 
I want it all . 
I got things on my mind . I got a list of things to do . 
Sometimes I have nothing worth saying . So now I'm just letting you know . 
I want to live where soul meets body\ 
And let the sun wrap its arms around me\ 
And bathe my skin in water cool and cleansing\ 
And feel , feel what its like to be new\ 
And I do believe it’s true\ 
That there are roads left in both of our shoes\ 
But if the silence takes you\ 
Then I hope it takes me too\ 
So brown eyes I hold you near\ 
Cause you’re the only song I want to hear\ 
A < PROPFEMALE > softly soaring through my atmosphere 
I always forget to check my messages on my phone . I just listened to the ones from yesterday and < PROPFIRST > left me a \surprise\ " I love you message . Still as sweet when its a day old . He makes me smile real big like . " 
I hate being grotesquely sick and not having anyone to take care of me . 
Only 16 more days until true blood season 3 premiers !!!! I can't wait . 
I'm sooooo over being sick . 
< PROPFIRST > and me grabbed dunkin donuts this morning and I drove him to work because he is on call this week . May I just say , that I love and adore him so much =) 
New band to add to my top 20 , \Low vs Diamond\ " check them out . They're pretty sweet . " 
CAUTION ! 
So happy that I just realized that I have cookies and cream ice cream in my freezer ! 
This weekend was awesome , minus the whole A/C being broken ( its fixed now ) . Thanks for coming and visiting me < PROPFEMALE > =) 
I have an unhealthy obsession with that song \watcha say . \ " I quite enjoy many of the remix's " 
At home , rockin out by myself . 
A giant lizard just came through this little hole in my back porch all aggressive like . There could be a battle , stay tuned . 
Chedda cheeeese 
A morning of comtemplation . True Blood tonight =) 
All you pretty people stand there Blood under your nails , Doing nothing , saying something Never seems to fail ... But our guards are down , defenseless And our walls have cracked . Pretty people standing by We play , we pretend And we try and act surprised As we watch the world end ... 
I've got a millions things to say , but no guts to open my mouth . 
With eyes like the summer of beauty and truth . 
I found the most perfect piano on Musiciansfriend.com for 999.00 , to my dismay they will not let me finance it . Lame . 
I need a camera . I do a lot of cool shit , and nobody gets to see it !!!!! 
I love his music , I wish my mind ran with his . \ 
Oh , Sleeping Bear ! Ran to the top and got scared Of what I could see\ 
Oh , Lamb of God ! Tell us your perfect design And give us the rod\ 
Oh , Sturgeon Bay ! Covered completely in sand And covered in sun\ 
Oh , Saint < PROPFEMALE > ! Give up , the rocking boat's drowned The Captain is done \ 
\ 
-Sufjan Stevens 
So I'm told , so the story goes The people he knew were Less than golden-hearted . \ 
Gamblers and robbers , Drinkers and jokers , All soul searchers , Like you and me . \ 
Like you and me . Father up above , why in all this hatred Do you fill me up with love ? \ 
Love love , Love love love 
Great morning already ! Time with my man , coffee , breakfast , and some sweet jams . Making some brownies for peoples then off to work till threeish . 
My mom is now updating via mobile web . I haven't even done that yet ! 
I've got money on my mind , but my minds not on the money . 
I am bored , like driftwood floating through the open sea . 
dang nabit . 
In you a < PROPFEMALE > is born and you cut a perfect form and someone forever war . 
WHY WOULD I WANT TO BE FRIENDS WITH SOMEONES BABY !!!! THE CHILD CAN'T EVEN USE THE INTERNET . 
\Don't you like it ? \ " LIKE IT !? I effing love it . " 
Sometimes I wish I had a alter \facebook\ " ego . Newflash ! \ " Viagra popping seniors lead the pack for STD's\ "" 
Zero friends online for two days straight , facebook ? Doubtful . 
I really think I was meant to live outside , but then God changed his mind and created bugs . 
I will be in Melbourne July 13th for Jury Duty , unless they decide they don't need me . 
My dreams are melding into realitiy and my mind is playing tricks on me . 
Dear \Florence and the Machine 
Just switched to the phone < PROPFIRST > got me , It only added the 36 people saved to my sim ... So I'm missing like 40 contacts saved to my actual phone . Send me your number just in case =) 
9 days until my Birthday .... 
Check it out ! 
Comsic Love\ 
A fallen < PROPFEMALE > , fell from your heart , and landed in my eyes . \ 
The < PROPFEMALE > s , the < PROPFEMALE > , they have all been blown out . \ 
No < PROPFEMALE > , no day , I'm always in this twilight 
Thanks for eating the apple . 
Someone Pay for me to go to North < PROPFEMALE > for my family reunion .... Its my birthday !!!!! 
I'm tired of people pussy footing around . COME ON ! 
Watching \remember me\ " eating delicious food :) " 
kaaaaaaPOW ! 
I fueled by rage and hate . True story , ask < PROPMALE > . 
SHARK WEEK STARTS SUNDAY !!!!! Can't wait . 
I bet that guy in North < PROPFEMALE > , who just got hit in the face with a sprinkler , never thought that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Bischoff and her sister < PROPFEMALE > from florida would be laughing over the phone about how hilarious it was . 
Suprisingly in the mood to listen to bands such as , A day to remember , The suicide file , Set your Goals , and The Warriors . 
I need more wal-mart Bags ! 
Someone work for me its my birthday 
Heathers right , I do look different now that I'm the big two one 
Thank you to everyone for wishing me a happy birthday ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > and everyone at the party last night for making it Memorable . I LOVE MY GIRLS ! 
Got hired at starbucks yesterday . Just working there will save me money , haha . 
Dear Mr. Checkbook , \ 
I am trying to be an adult right now and do adult stuff , but you being all MIA is really putting a damper on my plans . 
I'm so hungry , what should I eat for lunch/dinner !? 
You never mix the sauces ! 
Getting myself ready to go to Element , I'm no good at this . 
At chili's getting my < PROPFEMALE > on 
I had so much fun at the sandbar yesterday . Ate dinner with the family on Saturday , and best of all I got to spend the whole weekend with < PROPFIRST > . 
Cinnamon Coffee , Yoga , and some sweet Jams ( or Yams if you're < PROPFIRST > ) . 
Hey If anyone has a fold out table I can borrow for the night I would really appriciate it , just hit me up on here or call me ! 
Getting some ducks in a row . 
Get it \ 
Formspring.me/GotMelody 
I've had a fairly productive day so far , lets keep this ball rolling . 
Just made the most awesome playlist of all time ! 
mmmmmm girl watcha sayiiiiin ? 
I'm the juggernaut bitch ! 
workworkworkworkworklame . \ 
I am drowning \ 
there is no sign of land \ 
your are coming down with me \ 
Hand in unloveable hand 
Doomsday , on a tuesday . Good thing its Monday . 
I am losing my sense of security , hoping this ship wont sink . 
Can't wait till sunday , first day off in two weeks ... I hope this all pays of soon . 
I feel like going to melbournzzzz . 
just do it . 
Some guy came in this morning and I thought he had a giant scrape above his lip , NOPE ! It was a giant mutant ant crawling on his face . I almost threw up . 
There is a herd of small alligators running wild through the amazon of my back yard , pretty sure they're rallying troops and going to < PROPFEMALE > me off to their leader . I always knew I'd be sacrificed to some reptilian god . 
Pepper beach at eleven its going to fun in the sun . 
Respectables 
feeling ... abridged , broken , crude , defective , deficient , expurgated , fractional , fragmentary , garbled , half-done , immature , imperfect , inadequate , incoherent , insufficient , lacking , meager , part , partial , rough , rude , rudimentary , short , sketchy , unaccomplished , unconsummated , under construction , undeveloped , undone , unexecuted , unpolished 
Maintain a speed of 5 mph . 
Corndogs and Cartoons . Good evening . 
The Lizard < PROPMALE > has sent his minions to Starbucks . Is there no peace for me ? 
I can feel winter yearning to come back , I wish it would stay forever . 
Wish I would have gotten myself signed up for the mail-in ballot . 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > are growing our beards out . 
IT'S A GIANT COMPETER !!!!!!!!! 
THEY HAVE COMBINED AND NOW THEY WILL CONQUER THE WORLD ! 
Goodbye < PROPFEMALE > . 
In Melbourne , hit me up . 
I just got a shit ton of taco < PROPFEMALE > for free 99 
GOT ' EM !!!!!!!!!! 
My wonderful day with David : Went to bagel break and ate delicious breakfast , after four hours of shopping we both ended up with a cute pair of shoes , and now we're ending the night with TV ( Cupcake wars , DIY , and whatever other cheesy shows we like to watch ) and Pizza ... Perfect . 
eaiuhiufshdbwERBIANFJANKJNVioedjnhrin yeah . 
So much to do ! 
Four lokos anyone . 
There is some older man riding his lawn mower on crosstown for recreation . Good morning Tuesday . 
I WIN ! 
Can't wait for winter to come . 
\Please\ 
Can't wait for this day to be over . 
Screw the < PROPFIRST > Nicholson , I want an < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Chili's at nine then possibly vine and barely later on . 
Its all just douchery talk . 
WE DON'T NEED NO WATER !!!! 
At the end of the day is it all about you , or me . Selfishness or selflessness , we decide . 
I am trying to wish cold weather into existence as we speak . 
I am a thoughtful aardvark . 
TRIPLE B ! 
It wasn't even a long island , but thats okay . 
I'm chasing light's , WHAT ARE THEY !? 
They're after < PROPFIRST>'s lucky freckles ! 
Two more days and I'll be in North < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Me and < PROPFIRST > Mulvey are still in the honeymoon phase of our friendship . 
I'm a level four vegan , I don't eat anything with a shadow . 
< PROPFIRST > and me have official landed in Fargo , ND . 
I'm so over being sick ! 
I've got to get this ball rolling . Off to work I go . 
Finally a second to breathe , and then back into the rush of it all . 
< PROPMALE > potter at 11 ! Finally . 
Delicious food all day long makes me happy . 
I'm the worst Party Animal ever . 
Monday is gonna be my funday . Off all day tomorrow with no money to spend , but I < PROPFEMALE > to do something exhaustingly fun and quite altogether fantastic . 
Can't stop . 
No Bakesale , its okay though because I'm getting a christmas tree today . 
Go ahead now , pull those pistols like miniature cowboys . 
DIVOTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Can't wait till saturday . Until then its going to be pretty much choas . 
Love it will not betray you , dismay or enslave you , It will set you free\ 
Be more like the man you were made to be . \ 
There is a design , An alignment to cry , Of my heart to see , \ 
The beauty of love as it was made to be 
I seriously hope that we are disgustingly busy everyday until christmas . 
GUESSTURES . 
I really detest animal on animal crime . 
I wish I had more time to spend with the love of my life , but unfortunately we were blessed with totally opposite work schedules . ugh . 
Who wants to go to the fair tonight !? 
I believe there will be some kayaking going on saturday morning along with some lunch at the Jetty . 
< PROPFIRST > and myself are looking for something to do tonight , hit us up . 
fantastic weekend =) 
Just had a delicious lunch of sushi with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
I need some high rollin tonight . 
Just ran into Kobe < PROPMALE > at dervish and bangles . Even He can't resist < PROPMALE > Potter 
Just got flicked off by a 90yr old lady who cut me off . I just love psl . 
The Buffalo are calling my name ! 
Please pray for my dad , he had a seizure ( possible stroke I'm not sure ) either way please pray for him . 
Thank you for your thoughts and prayers . My dad is doing much better . 
I wish I could say this was a beautiful day in Florida , but to say I think Florida is beautiful almost makes my head explode . I think the weather is awesome , but sand , palm trees , flat lands , swamps , bugs , and everything inbetween can burn . 
I need to go out 
I am more the happy about the pizza that going to show up in t- < PROPFEMALE > us 10 < PROPFEMALE > . 
Yet again I realize that life is always fleeting . Praying for all the people who are suffering in Japan and The Pacific . 
This is Ruddakiss ! 
SOMEBODY PLEASE TAKE SHANNON'S SHIFT TONIGHT !!! 
GYM TAN LAUNDRY ! ( and a large of assortment of other things ) 
I miss my boyfriend , I wish there were more hours in the day . \ 
\\ 
If I blow my nose one more time I'm fairly certain it will fall off . booooo at being sick once again . 
Is it always this freakin hard to get organized . I swear I am a mess in all sorts of degrees . 
YEAAAH YEAAAH 
Night Creeeeepin , I just need to focus . 
Anything fun going on tonight ? 
Had a really fantastic weekend thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Bischoff and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Bischoff stopping in =) and my wonderful boyfriend < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and of course < PROPFIRST > Mulvey ... Now off to celebrate Calebs 10th birthday . I can't believe he's that old already , time seriously has gone by in a blink of an eye . 
