so sad school starts back this week , I agree with < PROPFEMALE > we need another week ! 

why do I need a user name ... what's wrong with my name ? 
poison < PROPFEMALE > ITCHES !!!! 
I really HATE poison < PROPFEMALE > !!!! STILL itches !!!!! 
hoping my lapatop doesn't crash again . 6+ hours of frustration ... and I still have to reload and reinstall everything ! uhg ! I guess I just learned my lesson about more frequent backups ! oh and backup discs to reinstall everything ! 
so bummed out about reinstalling everything on my laptop . It's still not finished . :( 
wondering if I passed my Physics test ... 
getting my fill of the outdoors this week and hopefully passing physics ( last test on wednesday ) 
my muscles hurt from hiking and waves ... but we had fun ! 
whish I had more than 1 more day of vaca 
only one more class 
Beautiful \B \"" 
chocolate Friday ! mmm ! 
why am I on facebook I'm too tired to think 
the kids are back from a week at their grandparents , i'm glad their back but I miss my week of uniterupted sleep 
9-9 , 9-9 , 9-9 is there a day this week that I don't work 9-9 ? 
off tomorrow and yet I fell I should go in .... 
yeah well I got to go in alright ! ALARM set off by the firedepartment ... not sure who called them but it looked and smelled like the store was on fire ! they had to break in so then the alarm company called and dispatched the police who were already there . < PROPFIRST > and I got to go and lock everything back up ... lucky for us everything was fine ... and we got to go home :) 
I enjoyed my brief visit on Wilmington , 6 designs in 3 days ... maybe they'll need me again soon ... 
ready for dinner ... Diane's always talking about food , it makes me hungry ! 
off to Pizza Hut ! yumm !! 
wishing life asn't so expensive ... 
I hope < PROPFEMALE > is having a great time in Germany ! 
i think i have an ear infection , my ear hurts 
is trying a modified version of < PROPFEMALE>'s suggestion ... using an herbal headache pillow ... 
9-9 tomorrow :( Fridays are so long ... 
wondering why some people put hundreds of face shots of themselves online when the only difference is the color of thier eyeshadow ? 
day off tomorrow ! yeah ! 
totally amazed at the sound quality of my mp3 player ... how do they stuff all of that into such a < PROPFEMALE > thing ? 
rearranging the basement ... anyone want some crickets ? 
can't wait to finish the living room 
my kids have thier own websites they play games on and yet they want to monopolize my facebook < PROPFEMALE > and play farkle , I don't get it ... 
MY beautiful laptop will be visiting the HP hospital :( I hope it comes back all better before I start Drexel . 
hoping my daughter stays in her own bed ALL night ... 
adding to my friends on facebook 
going to bed so i can paint 2morrow 
have to wait till Thursday to finish painting :( need sleep 
what started out as a laid back finish painting day has turned into yet another overbooked day off tomorrow ... which really isn't a day off now is it ? 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
I think this should get posted again .... No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
will my laptop be back before classes start ? 
living room is almost done ... just need to rip up the old carpet ... and hope the hardwood floor isn't too bad ... 
ripping up the last of the carpet . new furniture tomorrow and before and after pics , doesn't look like the same room ! 
too tired to get up and go to bed ! 
the kids liked the new livingroom so much they had a \tent\ " built in less than an hour yesterday ! i'll post pics on thursday . " 
pics posted of the livingroom WOW 
wow , Drexel wednesday 
very tired ( 9-9 today ) Both of my classes went well . I'm really going to enjoy both of them . NO I did not get lost in Philly . And I paid to have a parking pass so I don't have to remember where i parked my car , and since it cost the same for the garage as the open lot i chose the garage . I have to go to Mount Pleasant to research a project so were going to make it a family trip on Sunday ( my only day off ) . 
Mount Pleasant tomorrow , research for my project ... hope it's nice weather ! 
Fairmont Park , Philadelphia PA ... what a place ! feels like you left the city ... too many mosquitos ... and the things you see there ! haha ! only in the city !.. our trip was fairly uneventfull and rather relaxing then we were entertained by a rather well built \gentleman\ " who misguidedly thought he was a greek statue ... " 
making sure i get all my assignments done on time 
notes and audio posted for any classmates that want to use them 
It seams like everyone is taking < PROPMALE > or architecture history this semester ! 
anyone have suggestions on how to make a scale building model in less than a day ? 
sideswiped in Philly , annoying ! 
kids excited about dog sitting ! :) kind of like baby sitting ... get to play with them and then send them home :) 
everyone's excited about Iggy ! but I think he likes < PROPFIRST > the most . He's sitting with me now because everyone else is in bed . 
midterms this week ... 
1 midterm down 1 to go ... project due today 
rain + 2hrs walking around Philly = wet < PROPFIRST > 
enjoying finding relatives on FB but realizing I should have been doing homework and now it's time for bed . I work 9-9 again tomorrow ! 
Is satisfied with mid terms 
need to get my project done 
when do I get to sleep in ? I think I'm gonna need some of < PROPFIRST>'s Full Throttle or something ! 
trip to Harrisburg , yeah just me and the radio , now I'm wishing I hadn't cancelled the XM radio subscription ! 
gotta finish my project . 
hope everyone had a great thanksgiving ! 
nothing fills that chocolate crave like fresh chocolate mouse from scratch ! yeah ! :) 
I could use some more Chocolate mouse 
:( :( :( 
:( 
:( and stressed 
final exam done , don't know if I passed my brain wasn't in it . Studio presentation Saturday , not ready for that either ... 
studio project still not ready , I've spent all day on it and now I'm too tired to think . 
fingers crossed that I passed my final today 
Yeah ! Good grades ! :) 
woooohoooo ! SNOW ! and enough to build a snowman :D 
13+ inches and still snowing :D 
snow update 20\ in my back yard :D " 
not ready for christmas ... 
one day left , still not ready and thanks to the snow the kids are already going nuts and today was only the 1st official day of winter break ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Chrstmas < PROPFEMALE > to ALL ! 
waiting for not so sleepy heads to fall asleep , then wrap wrap wrap ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! 
tired 
wants everyone to have a safe and happy new years ! 
Happy New Year Everyone ! :) :) * 
off to school ! :) 
cold but succesful field trip to philly 
i need an idea for my project ! what i want to use for inspiration sucks ! 
uh , still lacking inspiration ... or at least inspiration that i think will work 
job , 3 classes , kids , husband ... not much room in my brain for anything else ... 
trying to upload pictures ... then time for homework ... 
homework time :( I've had my fun in the snow ... half built tobogan run ... hopefully we can finish it tomorrow ... 
what a wasted day ... but the store \HAD\ " to be opened ... all the snowmen wanted new livingroom sets and tv's to watch the big game ... unfortunately I had to give them the bad news that the tv doesn't work without electricity ... better watch through the window " 
I need a new phone ... NOW ! 
so many people resistant to change ... 
happy the snow was normal for Dover this time around ! 
happy winter semester is over but i will still have three classes till may . \spring break\ " hah ! one day ... today ... that's it . " 
thoughly enjoyed my day off . 
my nice day became ugly ... tooth extraction and < PROPMALE > novacaine wasn't working ... now my face is swollen and still hurts :( 
not happy that my jaw still hurts . >:( 
when is my tounge going to stop hurting ? My jaw only hurts when I touch it but my tounge hurts all the time ... grrrr ! 
Had a blast breaking bridges ! 
finally a day that my tongue did not hurt all day ! :) 
wishing my new dog wasn't so sick :( anestesia doesn't sit well with him . He should be feeling a little better tomorrow though . he's so cute . 
happy my dog is starting to feel better :) 
need to get A's on a final and a mid term this week ... 
mid term down , time for final exam . 
ever think \that was too easy\ " ? I hope that doesn't mean I just screwed up my final exam ... won't know till Monday . " 
A ! for < PROPMALE > Tech ! Graduation next Monday ! 
time to reload all my software , docs , pics etc to my laptop ... again .. 
my laptop is 1/2 way back to normal . still have more software to load :/ and my dog in incessed with whatever it is under my house lol ! 
lot's of work to do on my project tomorrow ... brain is too tired tonight .. 
I need to iron my graduation gown without melting it . hope the iron still works , it hasn't been used since ... well in a long time ... haha 
Happy Mother's day to all the mom's on FB ! 
Finally ! whoo ! hoo ! 
i gotta get this project done ... and not enough time to do it .... 
worked on my building model outside :D now time to work on sections inside . 
trying to get rid of a massive migraine 
had a nice day with family :) 
My brain still hurts from finals ... 
> -( 
yard work in the am . I've got some bushes trying to overtake my house ! 
the worst part about cutting bushes .... cleaning up the mess ... looks like i'll be doing that tomorrow ! 
Happy father's day to all the fathers out there ! :) 
finding a job drafting 
need to organize my wardrobe . all the out of season clothes need to go hide in the basement till fall ! 
clothing done , some veggies planted ... more to plant tomorrow :) now if i can just remember to water them ... 
I think I've been outside more this week than I was all last summer :D 
can't wait till my veggies can be eaten ! :-P 
beautiful weather , family , good food , swimming , horses ... what more could a person want ? :) 
another day of beautiful weather , family and good food :D 
I hope of the 50% < PROPMALE > of rain we get the rain part ! 
just picked my first tomato , i think we'll have it for dinner , hope it's good :) 
the rain made my vegetables grow ... and the weeds ! 
Where Pigs Fly ... mmmmm ! awesome ribs ! and we walked there ! 
87deg at 11pm ? seriously that's just too hot ! 
missed going to the beach today with my sister and niece and kids .. > | 
how calm or crazy will tomorrow be ? 
Today's battle ? to get my shaggy haired son to the salon before he goes on a trip with his grandmother ... it would be easier to bathe the cats and guineapigs while holding the dog ! lol 
I can't believe it's time to buy new school clothes for the kids ! ugh ! 
I think I need to ride more often .... good thing < PROPFIRST > has more than one horse ! 
lesson in the morning 
just to clarify things ... I'm the instructor ! I used to make my living riding and training , sometimes I wonder why I don't now ... I am lucky to be home right now to be able to drive 1hr 15min to help < PROPFIRST > get ready for shows :) 
kids go back to school next week .... have to find a job now ... summer was way to short . kids get 2 months of summer , we used to get 3 ... what happened ? 
why do the best classes have to get cancelled ? I was so siked for Interior styles , materials and accents ... how is it that only 5 people signed up for that class ? grrr ... 
my dog did GREAT at his training today ! 
opportunities .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Club , recently named Drexel 84th on its 2010 list of “Cool Schools . ” ranking schools for being \green\ " Go Drexel ! " 
started working this week as a pt teller :) I worked all day and still made it home in time to eat dinner and go to Roberts open house at school :) 
it's a holiday weekend and I'm home with my family :) 
Why do I always have bus driver issues ? Everyone elses kids get picked up on time at the right bus stop ... 
wow ... a real lunch room , full size fridge , employees only bathroom , nice clothes , home for dinner ... I'm really liking this ... 
want to buy a food processor . anybody have recomendations or models to avoid ?... tired of cutting my fingers on a grater ! 
my brother's wedding today ! :) 
tired after a long but awesome day with family :D time to download some pics ! 
Drexel studio class starts thursday :) 
My kids are funny . they are always changing the message on the answering machine . As soon as they realize the other one changed it they change it again . I hate having my voice on there so I guess it's a good thing ! lol 
my schedule is suddenly very full 
why do the Insurance Companies always try to get out of paying the bill ... they want to know if it's another companies responsibilty ... well I pay my premiums every pay check and I don't try to get out of that ... if I was hurt at work I would have filed for workman's comp , if I was in a car accident I would have filed with my car insurance ... didn't do that did I so why would they think it wasn't thier responsibility ??? 
The longer I don't work in retail ... the happier I am :) 
busy busy day tomorrow .... 
I read in the paper \it is no longer acceptable to be a bystander\ " ... I want to know ... AT WHAT POINT DID IT BECOME ACCEPTABLE ???? " 
how do you get 7 very creative and hiper 6th graders to create somewhat quietly ? 
really tired of politics , politicians , and negative campiagns , can we get back to what really matters and stop aurguing ???? 
I love my architecture studio class :) 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING ! Be thankful and happy for what you have no matter how big or small . 
< PROPFIRST>'s bike-a-thon was cold but he raised $395 towards his trip and we had fun taking turns riding with him . 
School is over , final presentation done , so why do I feel guilty for playing farmville ? I feel like I should still be working on my project ! LOL ! 
< PROPFIRST > is selling home baked dog treats and bandanas for his next fundraiser . < PROPMALE > is crazy over the treats . 
Here is the site I created for < PROPFIRST > . This is my first attempt at a web site so if you have any suggestions of can tell me how to get paypal on there or how to get the photo gallery to show without having to click on each file that would be great ! \ 
https://sites.google.com/site/robertsgimmiesdogtreats/ 
NOW ! it feels like Christmas time ! It's snowing :) somehow it never really feels like Christmas if I don't see snow ! 
ya might think n o-o ne in Delaware had ever seen snow ! It took 2hours to get from one side of wilmington to the other when I left work at 4:15 . didn't get home till 7:30 ! there were over 50 accidents ! 
time for tree and decorations 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you and whispered come with me . With tearful eyes we watched and saw you pass away . Although we love you dearly we could not make you stay . God broke our hearts to prove to us , he only takes the best . Put as your status if there is someone in Heaven you will miss this Christmas 
tomorrow ... time to bake some dog biscuits and do some christmas shopping :) 
field trip , band concert , busy day ... but nice :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! Hope your day was special ! 
I had a great Christmas at home with my family <3 going to visit more family tomorrow :) 
this snow storm is backwards ! I'm used to < PROPFEMALE > getting more snow than DE ! had some idiot trying to pass us on DE rt1 he kept flashing his lights for us to move to the left < PROPFIRST > ( that wasn't there ) then he would try to get in the left < PROPFIRST > to pass us ( LOL ) he was too scared . We hit a patch of snow drifted across the road ... scared him so bad he slowed down so much he was way behind us the rest of the way home ! LOL ! 
I have a job interview in the morning ... I really just want to sleep in 
I had the best christmas in a long time . I actually got to spend time with all my family <3 ... who could ask for more ? ( and it snowed ) 
first studio class last night :) I love studio 
it's only 26deg ... I'm cold ! 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! the kids school just called to say school is cancelled for tomorrow .. Ashley asked me \is your school in the capitol sch dist ? .. sorry for YOU ! \ " lol ! " 
I hate migrains ! 
i have too many things to do ! 
2 sick kids ... bleh 
signed on jujst long enough to wish my brother Happy Birthday and fb won't let me post on his < PROPFEMALE > :( 
Hoping my little niece is born today ! 
only 2 more weeks of OM ( unless we win ) 
Ok .. enough snow ! I like snow but I'm ready for spring !!! 
Hoping everything goes well for my niece , baby < PROPFEMALE > . She needs everyones prayers . 
Hoping everything goes well for my niece , baby < PROPFEMALE > . Please pray for her . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Curran : 02/16/2011 - 02/26/2011\ 
there aren't any words to express the sorrow ... may God be with everyone and console them . 
may everyone related to little < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Curran feel her presence and find peace within . 
Odyssey of the Mind competetition tomorrow ! I hope our team does well ! i will post results and a pic of the team but we aren't supposed to post our solution ( pics / video / script etc ) until after world finals in May . 
well ... they didn't win but they did a great job so that means the winning teams did even better !. We had a great time today but it was a long day . 
if my kids don't stay off my FB there's gonna be some butt whoopin ! 
A friend of mine just posted this ........ \When we look back at a negative event that occurred in the past 
my son thinks I'm too old to say lol !, I'm not allowed to laugh , now that's funny ! 
The museum was good but the Slik Road took too long to go thru the rest of the exhibits . I did make it to the mesoamerica and north american exhibits :) 
it's 11:15 pm and my model is not finished it's just getting started ... i/2 my prints are still at staples and I have my final presentation at 1:00 tomorrow .... it's gonna be a long night ... 
finished with one class . now to work on a presentation for another class due on Monday . I have to put my research on powerpoint and find fabric and material samples .... then I have one week to relax :) 
happy with my B ! 
ah , tomorrow begins a new semester at Drexel , 6 more weeks at DTCC ... overlapping semesters kinda stinks because you never really have any time off ! 
soooo tired . I was in the studio from 9am till 4am , and now I get an email that the files aren't sticking ( for lack of a better word ) I'm 1-1/2 hrs away and have 0 energy to drive back and help fix it ... and it's due by noon :( grr .. 
Why are there always technology issues ! What good is technology if it doesn't work !!!! 
