wants to be home already . Less than 24 hours left . 

is dancing ( inside , at least ) because the < PROPFEMALE > papers are on the way to the title company for closing tomorrow . 
just has to get unpacked now . What a chore ... 
doesn't want to go to work . Sigh . 
is happy to have a 4 day weekend . 
hopes everyone has a happy Thanksgiving ! 
is winding down from a whirlwind day of cooking - and eating - his family's first actual Thanksgiving dinner that wasn't hosted by someone else . Turkey , potatoes , stuffing , < PROPFEMALE>'s rice , macaroni casserole , 3 vegetables , rolls , and 5 pies ... Yum . 
was all psyched to work in the OR this morning , but the case canceled , so it's just another day in the office for me . 
needs to put up the Christmas tree , and make a plan for piecing together some game computers for the little kids , and fix the broken DS , and do school with the kids , and do a couple hours of work I didn't get done today . 
wishes he could hurry up and get over this miserable cold . 
needs to hurry up and get xmas shopping done this weekend , so as to not wait until 12/24 ( like most years ) . 
is listening to his music collection on LaLa.com using an 11 year old , 200MHz all-in-one PC running Win2000 connected with a USB wifi adapter , just because he can . Yes , he is a nerd . 
is eating some apple pie to celebrate Pi Day . 
is happy to see the health care < PROPMALE > passed , though it could have been a lot better had the Republicans not trashed it so badly . 
finds it sad that we are approaching the end of the US manned space program , but at the same time hopeful that companies like SpaceX will make up the difference . 
just finished sending off 3/11ths of his life in a bittersweet farewell : his good friend who is heading back to Oklahoma to finish school , and her two kids who have been like his own family . 
is tired of being tired . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , all . Get to spend it driving home through New Mexico . I have my daughter < PROPFEMALE > for the next three weeks , which is enough to make me happy on my birthday . 
is counting down to his first non-work-related longer-than-just-a-weekend vacation in years . This time , he's going out of town for FOUR WHOLE DAYS !!! 
thinks his car hates him this weekend . First it broke down just before Vegas , now it is stalling in Vegas when he is supposed to be going home . 
thinks people have to be nuts to put up their Christmas tree the day after Halloween . You are just encouraging stores to push Christmas merchandise even earlier in the year ... 
2 dishes down , 10 to go ... 
Guess it's time to put up decorations . Used to be so fun as a kid , and is such a chore now ... 
Christmas eve : Making wassail , baking cookies , and waiting for UPS to deliver the last Christmas present . 
Here's hoping everyone has had a great Christmas . 
Couldn't have a white Christmas , but maybe we'll have a white New Year ? 
