neither tawdry nor resplendent 

< PROPFIRST > made the myspace , go add it : myspace.com/sikemagazine 
sponges don't have bad days . 
no phone today . 
shit , i am TIRED . whoah . 
I can't believe I slept until NOON . Are you kidding ? Who wants to go get lunch with me RIGHT THIS SECOND ? 
oh , great . my laptop screen is fucked beyond redemption . awesome . 
perfect day floating down the river . tonight , working the door or something for the show at the exchange . 
go see ars phoenix at the atlantic tonight . 
\like a fish needs a fucking bicycle . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
you're the extra ton of cash on my sinking life raft 
breakfast at the jones ! 
mercury must still be in retrograde . 
yo , i'm totally macbooking it right now ! 
chattanooga . here i come . i doubt you're ready . 
i climbed on ropes at < PROPMALE > falls today ! i got high up on a 10b even ! anyone who REALLY knows me would be proud . tomorrow : two boats full of chattanooga folk headed out to do some deep water soloing and have fun in the sun . THIS is my idea of a rad vacat 
about to be on a boat . 
my chattanooga life is way better than any of my other lives . 
spent saturday at < PROPMALE>'s , deep water soloing yesterday , saw transformers last night , explored locals only boulder field today , warming my hands back up to the idea of plastic at tba tonight , back to gainesville tomorrow , beach on wednesday . 
fingertips shredded . 
in the morning : breakfast , then spending the day on the beach at st. < PROPFIRST > , then driving over to cedar key to catch the sunset on the gulf . < PROPMALE>'s never seen the ocean so we're giving him the real deal . 
worst . headache . ever . 
i think my hands are ready for climbing again ? we'll see tonight . 
watermelon fight in the swimming pool is going to be a rough clean up . 
my phone is broken . don't waste your time trying to call me . find me or internet me , it's the only way . 
' release the kraken ' - the daysleepers 
ugh . gross . 
gainesville . what's up tonight ? i need things for doing . places for going . people for seeing . 
i think it's time to rest . until chicago . then chaos will resume . 
if you go straight long enough , you'll end up where you were 
uc tonight , my friends ! we're going to have a good time . 
go to town , burn it down , and get your stroll on 
i'll be in chicago in less than 48 hours . 
laundry ! dance around in your underwear because all your clothes are dirty laundry ! 
just got really excited about the weekend weather in Chicago . Partly cloudy with highs in the low 70s the whole time I'm there . Perfect ! 
razzle , dazzle , drazzle , drone , time for this one to come home . 
I'M ABOUT TO BE AT MY JOB FOR SO LONG OH MY GGGOODDDDDD . 
killer stereo . 
working today . with lots of breaks for re-reading ' the heart is a lonely < PROPMALE>' AND ' the optimist's daughter ' . 
the kinks ! a phase . 
i know it's a long shot , but i'm trusting my aim now 
\here is a lesson in creative writing . first rule : do not use semicolons . they are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing . all they do is show you've been to college . \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > sigh , long day . everyone , come < PROPFEMALE > t me give you coffee , ok ? 
radical face - wrapped in piano strings 
i regret to inform you that the body of my cellular device has been laid to rest and consequently i am unreachable via phone . also , HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY , LITTLE BROTHER < PROPFIRST > ! 
head over the hills 
remember my bike that was stolen ? just bought the same frame ! decking it out with the same componentry ! it gets here tomorrow , who's ready to ride ? 
new simian mobile disco = mediocre at best 
kaleigh-tyler.blogspot.com 
atlantic tonight ! living up the last half of my last week of summer vacation . 
don't put things way high up on shelves i can't reach ! please . 
reading beneath the sunshine . 
so , there are facebook friend requests and then , apparently , there are FRIEND FOR LIFE requests . that's heavy . 
sleep is a symptom of caffeine deprivation . 
An Horse is playing at the Venue in Gainesville on Fri , Oct . 2nd with the Silversun Pickups . With any luck , I'll be climbing in North < PROPFEMALE > that weekend but you should check them out . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNfBLsC5SiA 
how ... do i already have this much homework ? 
my bike is so damn close to doneness , it's not even funny . 
spent her afternoon in narnia at kailen's . helping scratch lottery tickets and playing with < PROPFEMALE > pocket's mansion . not studying . 
there's some good new music , by the way . 
on a pixies kick . not to be confused with pixie stick . 
showed her logic exam who's boss and is < PROPFEMALE > bound in a little more than 24 hours . Two good things among many foreseeable others over the course of the next three days . 
ready for real rock and a taste of that early autumn mountain air . i'll return to your wet agonizing heat on sunday night , gainesville . 
exhausted . must nap . must caffeinate . must climb . MUST BICYCLE . must stop feeling like the weirdest person alive . 
is going balls to the wall this climbing season . 
i missed an \important\ " meeting about stupid instant coffee this morning . " 
i think my reaction to how dumb that was , is a minor nervous breakdown . worst mood ever today , already . 
bringin ' the ruckus by way of a delicious amish bread . 
new massive attack ep . tasty . 
stadiums ! bring on the cardiovascular assrape of the century . 
mew kick , engage . 
it feels good to be in the best shape of your life . 
incredible showers , meals , and sleep this week . 
couldn't muster an ounce of productive energy today . 
this weekend sucks . seriously . 
best feeling ever ? hearing a really good song for the first time , probably . 
pretty much convinced that , in florida , it's going to be summer all winter . 
amazing breakfast feast , big booming thunderstorm ... the only way to improve this lazy rest day would be to skip work . ( not happening , but i thought about it . ) 
so , the biggest cockroach ever to have graced the planet , and who will definitely survive the nuclear meltdown , has been a nice enough gentleman to keep my bed warm while i haven't been sleeping in it . that was a pretty rad surprise . 
JULI'S HEEERRREEE . sdjhf0q73sadjhfaeuifjd 
whoah . this rank of grumpy/sore/hungry/tired is some next level shit . 
so much laundry to fold . 
< PROPMALE > is officially flawless . because last night i found the CHESS APP . 
oh man . new < PROPFIRST > casablancas album leaked . SO EXCITING . 
oh man . both of the new fever < PROPFIRST > tracks and the wolfgang amadeus phoenix remix album are both friggin ' ace . 
always forgets her phone . 
CLIMBING GYM . 
is it too much to ask for a slightly less unseasonably warm and muggy autumn ? ( i'm sick of complaining about the weather via facebook status update , but last time i did , a cold front came through . ) 
Risk Pool in a late-October sweat pool . 
\i owe my solitude to other people \"" 
i'm going on a halloween < PROPFEMALE > fast . 
study --> coffee & chess --> stadiums --> climbing --> alcove . ready , go ! 
not all of these raisins taste like raisins . sketchy . 
i hate unpacking . can i just keep my bags packed and hit the road for a subsequent climbing trip , please ? 
bouldering progymects tonight , post-stadiums . 
i want to do something impulsive , electrifying , turbulent , and potentially life threatening amid a fit of inflamed passion right this very second . just sayin ' . 
triple crown cumulative results from hound ears and hp40 are up ! : http://triplecrownbouldering.org/TC%20Scores%202009b.pdf 
i want to go somewhere with rollercoasters soon . 
so why don't you close your eyes and reinvent me . 
one day i'll have a band and we will be called the Felonious Orgasms . ( and i will knife whoever snakes that idea . ) 
is working the graveyard shift at starbucks to set up for the holiday promotion . this probably means christmas music starts tomorrow . consequently , i will be the cruella de vil of the service industry for its duration . don't say i didn't warn you . 
really ? REALLY ? yeah , fucking really . 
spending the day rekindling a love affair with the bulk of < PROPFIRST > idol's discography . 
the black keys released a rap rock collaboration album . cool ? ( sike . ) 
< PROPFIRST > westerberg GETS IT . 
take home exams stress . me . out . 
thanksgiving with the family = expanding my music collection until dinner 
i think i might be ready to be a brunette again . 
oh la , we've got a lot to learn from each other , we have got to stick together 
paramount brunch ! the almond crusted french toast with blueberries just rsvp'd to the party happening in my mouth at noon . 
why do i have 529 facebook friends ? 
busiest day ever . sleepiest girl ever . 
you shed your electricity . left me shaking with the voltage . 
who will be in hueco by december 26th ? in other words , who will pick me up from the airport in el paso on december 26th ? 
cross-town bike ride and stadiums tomorrow morning , if anyone's interested . inevitably none of you lazy fools will respond . 
i think i'm in the twilight zone . it's definitely summer , but i'm pretty sure it's actually winter . if ever it could be both at once , it's now . I'M GOING OUT . 
epicing the atlantic tonight . shit is about to get SERIOUS . 
i made so many hot chocolates for so many gross fatties today . 
fresh pesto , twenty five gigs of new music , and an opening shift tomorrow morning to justify a saturday night of anti-social tendencies for enjoying it all . 
attempting stadiums after a motherfriggin ' GARAGANTUAN bowl of cereal . WHY IS IT EIGHTY DEGREES OUTSIDE IN THE MIDDLE OF DECEMBER ?! someone bring me coffee . 
WOOOO GIRL'S NIGHT wooooo ! 
if ever there was bike riding weather , this is it . hittin ' the pavement . 
coffee and chess with < PROPFIRST > , check ! bike ride with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , check ! buddha belly in my tum , check ! still to be conquered : climbing , and samurai tuesday at alcove . let's drink and be < PROPFEMALE > . 
i'm going to spend the day on my bike again . 
know what you fucking get ? molotov cocktail , that's what you fucking get . 
so much to do tonight ! eeeeek . 
atlantic tonight . it's going down . like last week , but times a bajillion . 
my friends rule . last night was outrageous . 
house party fridays . i'm doing it . god , i'm basically unstoppable . 
Avatar in 3D tonight at 10:35 pm . Prepared for the mindblowing . 
these kids have been debating < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > films on my wall while i was having my socks blown off right there with 3d humanoid heads for three hours . let's debate something a little more relevant : why isn't there a force similar to eywa to protect the balance of life in reality ? then we wouldn't be doomed to an apocalypse in two years . wah wah , sad trombone . 
tell me if you want the link for downloading this mix i just made . 
i smell like the polluted bon fire and its melting arsenic . 
she hangs out at fairgrounds , moves to a new sound , waiting to forget the past . 
small talk . tall tales . feeling up . falling down . i'm on a roll . it's a waste of time . 
the nights keep getting wilder . i've got to get some real sleep at a decent hour eventually . 
obligatory family < PROPFEMALE > time today and tomorrow , mini climbing trip saturday through monday , back in town for new year's . who will be here ? let's make plans . 
my brother's girlfriend : \they sell portable mistle toe at publix ! \ " my brother : \ " i'm going to buy some for my belt buckle \"" 
new cell piece , yo . give me your digits . all of you . 
it just may be a party dress kind of night . maybe it will disguise the illness . 
according to facebook , i've confirmed my attendance in three places at once to bring in the new year . the future is now ? 
< PROPFIRST > westerberg wins again . 
< PROPFEMALE > sigh . can't shake the sniff < PROPFEMALE > s . 
i'm going to do something so uncharacteristic of me it isn't even funny . i'm going to skip the after party , crawl into bed , and watch tv until i fall asleep . i don't even know what i'll watch . since i don't watch tv . ever . 
just booked flights to Boston for four people . Phew . HEART OF STEEL , here we come . No , really . We're actually coming . There's an itinerary ! 
stadiums and bikram yoga . ready , go ! 
seems as though my appetite has outgrown the rest of me . what friggin ' gives ? 
there isn't much that I feel I need , a solid soul and the blood I bleed 
slinging lattes with some sass from 3:30 pm ' til close . It gets boring , please come say hi . 
dear music industry , I've got a business proposition for you ( bear with me , I know it sounds insane ): do that one thing you did way back when where you embraced musicians instead of assholes who someone decided to put in charge of instruments they haven't the first clue what to do with . 
head over heels and deftly , wonderful and healthy , whatever happens to you , whatever happens to me , you'll always be , the story with no ending . 
hanging < PROPMALE > at Volta . GAHHHkjashdaiuyrhjs * tirrrred * 
triSarahtops . ahaha . get it ? also , MEDESKI < PROPFIRST > & WOOD FOR THE WIN WITH THE AVANT-GROOVEJAMS ! 
< PROPFIRST > Bourdain , MARRY ME PLEASE ?!?? I am totally single . And I think you're the man I've been holding out for . 
by the way , new Four Tet and Seabear albums rule . 
well , I guess I'll start packing now for the five day trip to Boston I'm leaving for in eight hours . See you next Tuesday night , Gainesville . 
home , to the warmest of welcomes and beds . 
new white stripes ep . i know you guys love them , but i just really wish they'd stop . 
I urbandictionaried my first name , but all you really need to know is that it means ' big party ' in < PROPFEMALE > Gaelic and that I was named after Marillion's biggest hit song ' < PROPFEMALE>' . ( That song is terrible , by the way . ) 
updated : kaleigh-tyler.blogspot.com 
new FRAGMENTS OF WINTER album is gorgeous . 
is ready , desperate even , for < PROPFEMALE > to be home from the Philippines . 
BLUEBERRIES ! Coffee . Music . Typetypetypetypetype . Edit . Typetype . 
\the time to hesitate is over \"" 
who wants to go see < PROPFEMALE > with me tonight at the Atlantic ? 
< PROPFEMALE > JESUS . Buy their new EP ' Stridulum ' when it comes out on my birthday . 
i'm going to be shameless and let this be a < PROPFEMALE > apple kind of day . 
alright , guys . I'm turning 23 in a little bit and I know plans change when tragedy strikes , but I'll be damned if we're not still going bowling tomorrow night . RSVP to the Facebook event so we can reserve lanes in advance . See you guys then . 
Uppercrust Bakery could probably cure AIDS . Also , I'm going out of town tomorrow and I won't be back until Sunday night so I'll see you guys on Monday . 
Yo ! Bowling and laser tag tonight at Splitz to celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s aging semblance of adulthood . If you were on my brutally defeated laser tag team when we did this the first time , do yourself a favor and come out tonight if for no other reason than to do your part in vindicating our good name . Dinner at Buddha Belly beforehand . 
Today should actually be pretty rad . 
hot yoga early . sun salutations all afternoon . meanwhile , i realized earlier that i've got no calluses left . when will i find time to rekindle my flame with climbing , hm ? 
Airports on holidays . Should have brought some headache medicine to coax the pain inflicted by all the pissed off infants . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are going to the beach on Wednesday . This leaves two open spots in my Jeep . Who's in ? 
The weather really could not get much better than it is right now . Florida for the win . 
I'm always late . I don't drink enough water . I don't eat enough food . It's really no wonder I'm still always anxious when it's time for Primal . 
sleepsleepsleep . 
Swiffer vac'd like a mad woman . The bars closed over an hour ago but my fun was really just getting started . ( I seem to have caught the ol ' insomnia bug again . ) 
I'm going to eat SO . MUCH . FOOD . when I get home . I will probably become incapacitated/comatose afterwards . And if one more person orders a frappuccino between now and then , I may slap his or her fat face . 
It's occurred to me that I need to start all over and get a Bachelor's in something useful . I'm not sure what that useful something is . 
starts college on a clean slate this summer : decided I'm going back for a BS in Nutritional Sciences . WAY back- getting some hard pre-reqs out of the way at SFC starting this summer . What's left of my social life dead ends here . 
I love it when Sedaris compares his sunburnt penis to a boiled shrimp . 
Right when I start to think I'm getting strong , Primal has to go and remind me that I've got an interminably long way to go . 
Wow , much to my surprise I'm actually still capable of sustaining some semblance of a social life . Last night was a lot of fun . 
Bah humbug . My book and I are doing the alone thing tonight . 
I should go ahead and procure a chemistry tutor for this summer who will accept payment in one of the forms I've got to offer it in : climbing lessons ? Free Starbucks on the sly ? Coffee , lunch , dinner , or drinks ? 
eh , whatever . Just ANOTHER chronic headache , it's cool . 
Working with my boss is like working with a two year old who ate too much Xanex instead of Playdoh . * FURIOUS * 
Good climber-exclusive Primal group(s ) this morning ! : < PROPFEMALE > Purcell , < PROPFEMALE > Bowman , < PROPFEMALE > Brush , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Ursell , and < PROPMALE > Pérez Gallego ... let's do this every Saturday morning , please . 
Passport's here ! Too psyched to wait any longer for my week in the Virgin Islands with < PROPFEMALE > Purcell . Tent-cottage treehouse resort at Maho Bay , white sand beaches , and seven days of equal parts relaxation and raucous . Are we there yet ?! 
I'm a full-time student again . Holy crapness , this will be equal parts difficult and totally rad ! 
Half hour power nap . Ready , go ! 
Who else will be at the Beach House show in Tallahassee on Sunday ? Roll call . 
I have my ship / And all her flags are a flyin ' / She is all that I have left / And music is her name 
Someone , anyone , put the new < PROPFEMALE > Castles album into my hands NOW , please . 
People . DRIVE SMARTER ! 
Sweet potato fries and Pesto Gnocchi . There ARE good reasons why people still go to the Top , you know . 
ate delicious vegan cupcakes on the beach all day . Now Chopstix . 
The training season is upon us now . I know this because I sweat while I was climbing last night . 
I need a road bike now . With gears . 
EstRAGIN ' 
Uhh ... The Daysleepers are so good . I forgot . 
It's 10pm and I'm already in bed . This is the eighth wonder of the world . 
So , I'm going to the Virgin Islands tomorrow for a whole week and so I'll see you when I get back , Gainesville . 
Holy torrential downpour , Batman ! 
Island fever , dudes . Coming home tomorrow . I honestly have no idea why . Next on the list : Thailand . 
Whoah . I'm \home . \ " Someone please put me back in the Caribbean . I am so over this whole not-in-paradise-anymore thing . " 
BBQ at Blue Springs tomorrow . And jumping off of shit into water like I'm on a suicide mission . I'll probably be doing triple double backflips or something awesome like that so you'll probably want to be there . 
Awesome that my clutch just blew out on the way to my first class of the semester . I mean really . That's perfectly fucking cool . 
I need to get out of here . 
< PROPFEMALE > sigh . Same dream , different night . 
Enduro Comp dry run tonight ! Can we climb hard for four hours straight ? YES . WE . CAN . On ropes , even ? BRING IT . 
Hanging by the pool this afternoon post-Chemistry with ze ladyfriends . YOU'RE INVITED . 
Class tomorrow ' til noon then skipping town for the weekend . See you suckers on Sunday . 
Bruises from the double knee bar look like someone beat me like a chinese gong . Not cool . 
Rum and Coke by my uncle's pool , girl talk by my aunt's , and all day ocean front tomorrow . Game on ! 
up early . LET'S TRAIN . 
I hope my brother ditches this drums phase he's going through right now . 
IN . THE . ZONE . 
Wow , Primal . Wow . That was a good one . 
River tomorrow ! Everyone should come . Tonight : spending some alone time with atomic theory , atomic structure , and stoichiometry . IT'S SCIENCE ! 
thank you , mother nature , for not pissing tornadic weather conditions at us until AFTER we were finished peacefully floating down the river today . you rule ! 
Sleep Cycle alarm clock for iPhone . How did I not know about this ?! So psyched for the 5am wake up call right now . 
mosquito and cockroach genocide . let's do this . 
Enduro Challenge day ! < PROPFEMALE > and I promise to crush a bajillion plastic rope climbs tonight . Bring your game faces , people . 
climbed damn strong tonight . Maybe I actually AM a rope climber ? 
Found out < PROPFEMALE > and I won the Enduro Challenge last night for the girls division . Rad . Time to go smash this chemistry exam . 
Chattanooga this weekend ! Here's to hoping for no stop-and-go traffic on the interstate in Atlanta , and that the vortex of misfortune that is Tifton , GA will not suck me into its misery this time . 
Ugh . Headache . Someone get it away from me . 
Don't fuck with me today , it's a bad idea . 
tonight ? little black dresses and martinis . this weekend ? balls-to-the-wall rock climbing in tennessee . 
So much ... alcohol . 
I opened Starbucks at 5:30 am while still thoroughly thrashed from a long night of martinis , lemon drops , gin and tonics , and who even knows what else . That taught me a lesson to soon be forgotten , I'm sure . 
Some days are worse than others . But life is still really , really good . 
Bush/Gaffney night at Ocean Deck . 
all i see in my head are stoichiometric conversions . i need a break from studying . 
if I finish all my chemistry homework in time , who wants to go to < PROPMALE>'s River Place on Thursday after I get out of class ? Hmmmm ? ( If you have any < PROPFEMALE > to jump off of rope swings from tree houses into a massive body of water , just say yes . ) 
good morning , beautiful sunshiny day #347 , 854 in a row ! ( have i mentioned that i love summer ? ) 
My life rules . 
rewiring my creative brain for science is totally doable but all consuming . 
Dear oil slick , please get the fuck away from Florida . You and your whalepoop-looking tarballs are not welcome here . 
Ha ! I'm opening Starbucks tomorrow morning . Almost forgot I still work there . 
So , that \half mile jog\ " I went on this evening turned into a four mile run . First run in about a year . Not so shabby . " 
Northern California end of June , and back to the Virgin Islands end of July . 
The past three days of mine have started before sunrise . I'm ready for a good night's sleep . 
Saving my money . Dreaming of < PROPFEMALE > . Twitching like a finger on the trigger of a gun . 
If I ever have a band , I'm calling it Stereoisomers . Thank you , Chem Fundamentals , for the stroke of genius . 
I forgot to shave one leg . 
has a journey of a day ahead of her . 
Could this be true ? It's Friday ? Cool , I'm getting out of here then . 
I have ZERO interest whatsoever in going to work today . None . No interest AT ALL . 
About to be the proud new owner of < PROPFEMALE>'s most beloved Lemond racing bike . It's definitely triathlon time . 
This Floridian heat is hotter than two rats fucking in a wool sock . Are we sure it's JUNE and not AUGUST right now ? 
About to go tear it up at the rock gym for the second time since Enduro Challenge . Whoah . What the hell have I been doing ? 
currently , the soundtrack of my life : The Daysleepers - The Secret Place 
I just may indulge in the luxury of a late , high quality sleep in tomorrow . 
Insanity in Ormond . Weekend special . 
Kite surfing . Finally . 
Strawberry daquiries at a vacant beach house on a perfect summer afternoon . I love my life . 
Missing you today and always , daddy-O . Adventures in the night led your idiot son to acquire giant free garden hoses with which we will maintain the backyard paradise you built us . I know you'd be proud . 
Funny that I've already had the best summer ever and it's not even the first day of summer yet . 
Oh no . I'm sick . 
feels awesome about the Chemistry exam she took today . Crossing all fingers for tomorrow's final . 
woke up feeling even more sick . Bummer . 
Back to Ormond tomorrow for a long , relaxed weekend between summer terms . Hopefully fate has a few more kite surfing lessons lined up for me . 
It's time to get up , get out , and get mmoovviinngg . 
Oh dear god . So sunburnt . This is a great misfortune . But the eight hours on a boat were awesome . 
Ok . Seriously . Tomorrow night I make a swift comeback at the rock gym . 
This week I'm going to climb , Crossfit , run for distance , run stadiums , do eight hours of hot yoga , bike , and begin my six week journey with Precalculus . 
lost a lot of skin and dignity to the plastic boulders last night . It was awesome . 
$80 pair of jeans for $17 . Still love my life . 
Oi , so sleepy . Coffee now , please . 
Fingertips shredded . NOW we're getting somewhere . Also , I'll be in Ormond all weekend . Catch you crazy cats on the flip side ! 
Happy fourth of July ! I'll be on a boat . Again . 
Study . Get new music . Climb . 
<----- WAKE UP ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I should be surgically attached at the math and science brain parts for the next year , realistically . Who wants to work out boulder problems with us tonight ?! 
That , my friends , was a beautiful night of climbing . Thank you . So psyched/rejuvenated right now . I love my life . 
First Precalc exam this morning . 
Exam was a piece of cake . Next challenge : Primal . This will be a bit more difficult . 
Recovery weekend . Cooking , cleaning , laundry , sleeping , detoxing , re-reading books , re-watching movies , and making dough at the coffee shop . Dough , as in dollars . 
Ultra-early climbing sesh . Featuring big ambitions . My rainy day psych level is off the charts right now . 
I just recently learned about Metabolic Typing . I've been eating backwards ! : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTwdjoirOWM&feature=youtube_gdata 
Homework on my break at work . Too much work in one sentence . 
finishes the school/work week with fresh callouses , a sore lower abdomen , a decent understanding of compound interest and log equations , 26 hours of work put in at the coffee shop , and a work-free weekend ahead full of sleep , sunshine , and climbing . it pays to work hard . 
I just got so much sleep . That was awesome . 
We're climbing tonight . It's going to be a real serious-business session , too . No messing around . 
You are probably ironic . Whoever you are . You are a fucking walking , talking irony . I'm finishing this amazing beer and going to sleep . 
m83 . 
Japandroids - Younger Us 
Some days I just want to throw-smash my alarm clock and sleep for many more hours . Like right now . 
just Airdyned to Hell . Rad ! 
Starbucks is playing the Long Blondes right now . About five or six years behind the curve , dudes . 
If this week gets any better , I seriously won't know how to handle it . 
things i've wanted all week : iced soy chai from volta , the burrito brothers menu in its entirety , pesto gnocchi and sweet potato fries from the top , in addition to so many good drinks that i have to crawl home tomorrow night . who's in ? 
There's some good shit on the new Arcade Fire album . 
if you never see me again , it's because i'm basically about to go try running six < PROPMALE > in a sauna . nice knowing you guys , see you on the other side . 
listen , you guys . I FUCKING MISS < PROPFEMALE > ! 
ohmygahhhh . 
Burrito ! Queso ! Boca or bust . Then I WILL sleep . 
Sun and sea today . Sake and samurai night at Alcove . 
No sake . Just sleep . 
god today is an atrocity . i feel like someone picked me up and threw me into a concrete wall . 
Rumor has it I may be making an appearance at the Atlantic tonight . I'm going to have to be at least mildly intoxicated for this . 
I cannot believe I'm expected to get out of my bed right now . Cruel world . 
this temperature outside is not ok . 
i slept for twelve hours . now it's time to blast cfcf all the way across the house and craft the planet's most elaborate brunch before work . life is good . 
annoyed by my boss's tendency , with increasing regularity , to ruin my days by over-scheduling me while i'm in school . especially as we near finals week . can someone come work my eight hour long shift today and tell her i quit ? thanks . 
I had visions of waking up early and cooking breakfast before class . That ain't happenin ' . 
New Chain Gang of 1974 tracks are good : http://rcrdlbl.com/artists/The_Chain_Gang_Of_1974/track/Matter_Of_Time\ 
\ 
And is it just me or does it seem like they must've listened to ' Atmosphere ' by Joy Division thirty seven times right before writing ' Don't Walk Away' ? 
Slept through my alarm clock . Been a while since I've pulled that cute little stunt . 
Classy : http://www.cnn.com/2010/US/07/29/florida.burn.quran.day/index.html 
Is completing the square . To ' Royksopp Forever ' . Yes . 
< PROPFIRST > is moving :( sadness potluck celebration . i'll be there y'all . this is my last shining opportunity to not bail . 
I want an ' A ' so bad it's practically killing me . No social life until 10am on Friday morning . 
this just in : my highly anticipated week-long academic reprieve now looms on the foreseeable horizon . 
ankle sprain FAIL . and inside of a well-padded rock gym , too . 
On the bright side , I'm going to have an insanely well-defined right butt cheek after hopping around on my right leg until I can bear weight on my left foot again . I am so chock full of valuable optimism . 
\Training gives us an outlet for suppressed energies created by stress and thus tones the spirit just as exercise conditions the body . \"" 
Argh sleepy . 
I am so irritable today . It will all be better when I'm at the pool/sauna with a bunch of climbers later . 
Most chaotic first day of classes I've ever experienced . 
I am so beyond ecstatic to be returning to two awesome things tomorrow : Go Primal and the coaching staff for the youth climbing team which resumes practice for the season tomorrow evening . Grown people climbing sesh at 8 ! 
Does anyone have a CHM2045 textbook I could borrow for the semester so I can return my $200 copy ? That'd be greeaaaattt . 
Lots of sprinting and lifting yesterday . Primal-related soreness is the best kind and also the most debilitating when you've gone a month without it . 
I LOVE MY LIFE ! This rules . 
This lady working at Panera totally underestimated the power of my appetite when she suggested I cut my meal size down to half a sandwich and one serving of soup . Do I only look half as starving as I feel right now ?! 
I'm going out tonight with some real pretty ladies . Catch us if you can , mhmm . 
Sarah : \I have a neck ache from doing Lady Gaga's Bad Romance dance . \"" 
How does a radioactive isotope of carbon decay into nitrogen which has one proton more than it originally does ? I don't get it . 
I honestly need my days to be five hours longer . This whole 24 hours per day thing isn't really working out . 
Who wants to run stadiums on Sunday ? I don't care what time . 
This . Weather . Rules . 
How it's humanly possible that my core muscles aren't sore after yesterday's workout is really quite beyond me . 
I'm going to basically shut down and collapse if I don't go to sleep in like two hours . 
I hate studying for chem . and trig . I frigging hate it . 
kitchens of distinction kind of morning . 
Elbow tendonitis development obnoxiously picking up speed less than a week before Boulder Ruckus . Three week long climbing break starting Sept . 13th . 
Isn't anyone else afraid some rightfully pissed people will violently blow Gainesville off the map during the Quran burning ? 
Stadiums around 4 . 
Geeze . Chem lecture from 10- 10:50 am , then almost three more hours of chem lecture during 12- 2:45 chem \lab . \ " Every Wednesday until my first lab experiment in mid-October . Shoot me in the face . " 
I'm perfectly sore today . Did I mention I have the best trainers in town ? Thanks , Go Primal Fitness ! 
I think I'm going to honor the near-end of swimsuit season and study by the pool today . 
Signing up for Triple Crown @ Hound Ears right now . Anticipating bouldering season is like the Christmas countdown . Except way better ! 
I left all my fingertips at the rock gym last night . < PROPFEMALE > ouch . ( First Trig exam this morning ! ) 
The Stills discography . Ionization energy . A break at some point for a Red Seal . 
< PROPMALE > over on a school day , this is blasphemy I tell you . 
It's been more than a week since I've put any coffee in my body and I feel better than ever . Today : GoPrimal at 12:15 , fun in the sun with AimeeDuerds , early climbing , and tons of reading . 
I love when my chemistry professor explains < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > structures in terms of \road pizza\ " : \ " it doesn't matter if you attach the Oxygen to the top or the right of the Carbon . It just depends on whether you broke the squirrel's neck or its arm when you ran over it . It's still the same damn thing . \"" 
Yeah sooo ... all I can really think about is The Top's peanut butter pie . Some people stress about useless crap but I make sure to concern myself with the real issues . 
Man , 5am will never feel like an OK time to get out of bed for the day . 
Whoooo has room to take me to Hound Ears for Triple Crown ?! Neeeeedzariiiiide . 
how on earth is it only tuesday ?! 
Anyone not registered for Hound Ears who would rather venture to HP40 that weekend ? < PROPFEMALE > and I want to go . Consequently , anyone want to buy my spot at Hound Ears ? Haha . 
stadiums tonight after < PROPFEMALE > gets out of class at 8pm . anyone who wants to join us is more than welcome . 
Today will be a good day from start to finish . 
I am really so weird . 
osmosis , diffusion , gibb's free energy , metabolism , thermodynamics , etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc a weekend long of biological etc 
My psych level is going through the roof right now in anticipation for next weekend's climbing trip . And my tendons/elbow are finally starting to feel much better . 
breakfast for every meal . ever . 
Here we go . Single most difficult week of my semester followed by my single best climbing trip of the season , probably . 
It's time to get down to some serious business . 
last < PROPMALE > , guys . selling my spot at hound ears . let me know if you want it . 
Meh ......... 
Must ace Bio exam in order to feel justified in the absurd amounts of fun and irresponsibility this weekend guarantees . 
KILLED my Bio exam ! Time to pack , stock up on PB & Nutella , and head eight hours north for the boulders . Climbing season , you're totally here ! 
Aimee : \fried chicken is INTENSE . That's not a joke . \"" 
We decided not to climb today . Instead we ate complimentary breakfast and are going back to sleep before we go eat more complimentary breakfast . ( Sike ! Weather's perfect ! We're going to send everything ! ) 
Lauren : is there lotion in here ? \ 
Me : for your hands ? \ 
Lauren : yes . No ... for when I whack off . 
Home after a refreshing weekend of childish tomfoolery . Face In The Crowd , we'll meet again , and I'll conquer you for sure . 
Maybe I can pass my classes if I spend approximately one million fewer hours at the climbing gym per week for the rest of the semester . 
Yeah uh ... wow , I'm exhausted . 
haha , buildering on campus tonight with sir Candler . 
Whoah , nightmares . Been a while . 
Mornin ' sunshine ! Could I pour for ya ' a cup of < PROPFIRST > ? 
I'm running stadiums around 4:30 if anyone wants to join me . 
Autumn at dusk . Perfect . 
Give it all you've got or what's even the point ? 
Second Chilean miner being rescued ! This rescue process is the first good news to flood mass media since I can remember . I'm going to stay awake and watch until I can't keep my eyes open anymore . 
Mision cumplida Chile ! 
I want to drink beer and watch climbing movies tonight . Why doesn't Alcove have a climber's night ?! 
part of me wants to party like it's 1999 tonight and part of me wanted to go to sleep like two hours ago . 
I just slept past 7:30 am for the first time since late August . I feel so much better now . 
spinning my wheels . 
watched the sun rise on a fireplace-scented horizon with sea salted hot chocolate in hand against the backdrop aroma of hot , freshly brewed coffee . there are worse ways to greet a cold sunday morning at < PROPFEMALE > , i tell ya ' . 
bids < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Duerden a warm adieu ; cheers to your many ravishing French adventures ! Drink some espresso with your fashionably high-heeled legs crossed while smoking a < PROPFEMALE > Superslim for me , mk ? 
busiest day ever starting righhhhht ... NOW ! 
Whoah . Exhaustion just hit me like a ton of bricks . And I'm running on fumes left over from a three hour night of sleep . And my day really isn't even half-way over yet . 
who has the eighth edition of Campbell-Reece's Biology textbook that UF and SFC use for Core 1 and 2 ? I NEED IT . 
better pick these lazy bones up and put them to work . i had a delish vanilla rooibus tea latte today , come let me make you one ! 
getting on a rope to sport climb tonight with the only lady who could get this boulderer to do such a ridiculous thing . 
Angry Birds . 
Walking on a cloud . Just sent two projects in the gym that felt impossible two days ago . 
Lunar halo effect , go look outside . 
Frustrated by the late October heat wave . 
can we kick it ? yes we can ! 
left my fingertips at HP40 . 
gotta ' get back to Go Primal Fitness this week . 
just bought some sickeningly sweet , seriously good quality ear buds . I've been wanting to do this for a really , really long time . 
Lab exams are fun . 
four mile run around 9pm . 
Hot yoga . 
i nearly forgot how painfully sore my shoulders become the day after 100 minutes of hot yoga . i've got the serious ouchies today . 
Tying in , clipping , and whipping tonight . 
Hahahhahaa . It's actually stupid how tired and sore I am right now . 
More yoga . More sport climbing . More balance . 
uh oh . bad day on the horizon . 
Less than a month until finals . Nose to the grindstone . Icandoiticandoiticandoit . 
ahahaha : http://www.manrepeller.com/2010/11/things-that-look-like-vaginas-gap-gets.html 
sony nex-3 . owned . 
duerdmeister is back in town . 
< PROPFEMALE > while talking about climbing at Fontainbleu : \ugh we didn't have a map of the < PROPMALE > and the boulder fields were deep within and I didn't want to get eaten by wolves ... \"" 
What a crappy night of non-sleep I got . 
I'm basically always down to nap . 
http://www.apple.com/ 
is going to be in the middle of her hot yoga class when apple announces that the apocalypse is here . my timing is always horrendous . 
Three Dutch Browns , a Twin Sisters , and inevitably some sake since < PROPMALE > was involved . Why is it always so much fun whenever I do this horrendous sort of thing to myself ? 
Can someone come to my job with a shotgun and put me out of my misery ? I've had a headache for more than thirteen hours straight now . 
chattanooga bound . won't be back ' til after thanksgiving . love y'all , keep it real . 
Ropes today . Like ... on actual rocks . Crazy . 
the waterboys - fisherman's blues 
stretching in a heated room for two hours -- i can't think of a better way to kick off my morning . hot yoga it is . 
dear chemistry , i fucking hate you , love < PROPFEMALE > . 
it's sacrilegious to drink a cappuccino through a lid . and to NOT drink one while studying for finals . 
and if my thought-dreams could been seen / they'd probably put my head in a guillotine / but it's alright , < PROPFEMALE > , it's life , and life only 
37 paid hours per week > 16 paid hours per week 
I did two ironic things : started tweeting , and made hilarious vulgar jokes on quasi-official work documents . Take me seriously please . 
Flaco's . You deny me your love on Mondays for why ?! 
this timbuk2 messenger bag i'm customizing that i'll probably never splurge on is FRIGGING AMAZING LOOKING i should have been a designer . 
What is this urge inside of me to bake ? Where is it coming from ? Does edging up to the brink of 24 bring with it the urge to suddenly bake ? 
i've got to stop clicking on ' confirm this order ' buttons 
congratulations to every name i recognize in triple crown's final results for this season : chattanooga's < PROPFEMALE > McMullen ( 3rd place open women overall ) , and GRG's own < PROPFEMALE > Syme ( 1st place intermediate women overall ) , < PROPFEMALE > McCleary ( 5th place intermediate women overall ) , and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > McGannon ( 3rd place intermediate men overall ) . gainesville hasn't represented so hard at triple crown in years . 
updizate upon discovering stories my dad wrote : kaleightyler.wordpress.com 
Iced pumpkin chai . Mmm ! 
weirdest dreams . 
friction ! i'll be at the rock gym . basically for the rest of the day . yep . 
december , you're seriously killing me . i'm over this . stop . 
will someone please come rope climb in the gym with me right now ?! 
idolatry : kaleightyler.wordpress.com 
This Kitchen Aid Pro standing mixer is basically growing cobwebs . I'm busting that bad boy out real soon . 
lemon cheesecake with gingersnap crust ! 
baked my heart out these past two days . more tomorrow . 
uh , why did the new iphone update erase all of the music from my iphone ? fail . 
shit's about to get real . i bought the big wood grips metolius hangboard . plateau , i will get over you . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , y'all . Love you . Come get coffee ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas , ya ' filthy animal ! 
no sorrow in the world that a piping hot shower and a delicious treat baked from scratch can't remedy . 
I almost forgot that I've been waiting all year for an appropriate occasion to share my favorite passage < PROPFIRST > Sedaris has ever written : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCUHTDrca4s&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
yo , it's snowing in gainesville . in more exciting news , starbucks has phased christmas music out of its satellite radio queue and ' the < PROPMALE>' by the cure has been reinstated . this allows a brief period of repose from my work-induced misery every time that song comes on during my shift . 
text from aimee : \um ... want to bake together or is that too gay ? i normally bake alone . \"" 
Today : baking , climbing , and packing . Life is good . 
Chattanooga for a few days . Happy new year , suckers . Only one more after this before the apocalypse so you better do it big . 
incredible time in chattanooga , as usual . 
just booked my first training session with Go Primal Fitness since september . if you don't hear from me after 6:15 on thursday night , maybe send a search party ? 
Rolled my left ankle climbing again . Seriously not psyched about it . 
watching black swan swiftly reminded me of how much i love leg warmers . new climbing outfit jam starting now . 
Last night I foreran some of the boulder problems set for Boulderpalooza today -- good luck , kids , it ain't gonna ' be easy . 
dp is recording music in my house right now . weird . 
Went to see RED with < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Probably the best movie ever of all time . 
Not enough fingertips after last night's 4.5 hrs of gym climbing . Too much hangover after the delicious < PROPFEMALE > ale < PROPFEMALE > and I snuck in to the movies last night . 
wisdom of the head vs . wisdom of the heart 
I just had my four year anniversary with climbing . GRG circa 2007 : the gym hosted keg parties , we could climb after hours , people brought their dogs to the gym , we rode eleven deep to Triple Crown in a nine passenger rental < PROPFIRST > , there weren't any cliques besides the members vs . day pass dichotomy , and loose chalk wasn't considered a criminal offense . THOSE WERE THE DAYS . 
warming up to BARS at the climbing gym = i'm sending EVERYTHING today 
dear iphone , tell your auto-correct spelling to stop trying to talk me out of calling < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > a ' dumb bitch ' via text by changing it to ' birch ' every time . if you knew her , you'd understand . thanks ! 
Oh yes . This is a VERY exciting and productive week for moi . 
whoah , goprimal , way to make me hurt in all the best places . i'm thankful right now but will surely reconsider when my whole body aches tomorrow . 
lucid dreaming feels bizarre . 
Pumapunku in Tiwanaku , Bolivia . Aliens , man . ALIENS ! 
swooping in on my new whip this afternoon . who wants to go for a joy ride ?! 
I just finished filing my taxes with TaxACT , you can try it for free : http://budurl.com/TaxACTFB1 
coaching . climbing . sake/beer at Alcove and The Bull . man , i kind of forgot how awesome two days off in a row are . 
Kill me now , I'm fucking over this . 
eat/sleep/climb , amen . 
I especially hate waking up to my Saturday morning surprise!-you're-sick-as-hell-and-have-to-work-today alarm . At 5am . :: shudder :: 
I just slept for seventeen hours . 
angus & < PROPFEMALE > stone 
chattanooga , early friday . 
here comes a long nap , then it's time to crush some plastic . 
holy wow . sickest i've been in years . 
i will make it through this crappy opening sift thanks to the following : sudafed , cough drops , hot tea , and ice water . 
oh , chattanooga . i love you even when your weather sucks balls . 
time to invest in a thule aero rack . roof > ragtop . 
have i mentioned that the new anathema album is SO GOOD ?! geeze . 
i think i have an ear infection , hahahahaha . comical . 
i'm going to send my project today . boom ! 
stadiums this afternoon . apparently i'm on a suicide mission . 
< PROPFIRST > , to me just one second ago : \you look nothing like < PROPFIRST > Lohan\ 
Who wants to go on a balls-to-the-wall-down-and-dirty sweaty climbing trip for at least a week in late March ? I'm so sick of climbing on Florida's finest old greasy plastic . 
gainesville , if you ever want to see me in a dress getting drunk again for the rest of your life you better be out on the town tonight . text to find me . that is all . 
teal anasazi lv to replace the THIRD PAIR of katanas on my climbing shoe wheel . taking a giant leap of faith here , five ten , don't let me down . 
metal night at the bull ! 
thank you , perfect weather , for inspiring me to rekindle my relationship with distance running . 
wow . when my pelvic area felt sore after running last night , i thought maybe i had done something wrong until i read this : http://www.active.com/page18921.aspx?un_jtt_redirect 
coffee then climbing . and dang that sunburn snuck up on me . 
getting my running legs back . who's bouldering projects with me tonight ? 
< PROPFIRST > is out-sassing me today . unprecedented moment in early morning history . 
fifteen hour days are just crazy . 
dear saturday morning in florida , you are the most beautiful thing i have seen in ages . 
running my first 5k ever with my cousin in april . finally i can train for distance running with purpose . 
if we take no < PROPMALE > we can make no mistake , but how fucking cowardly ! 
running stadiums with < PROPMALE > Gonder , < PROPMALE > Marchionno , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > makes me feel young&alive . and nauseous , for sure . 
new climbing shoes = lots of climbing tonight 
and my adventures in route setting begin ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Duerden is kinda ' a big deal . She sent her first V7 ( A Face In The Crowd ) at LRC yesterday ! 
it's < PROPMALE>'s birthday and he's coming to gainesville . shots shots shots shots shots ! 
skraight chillin ' 
new Say Hi album , i'm a happy girl . 
note to self : remember to eat food more than once every 24 hours regardless of how busy you are or nausea will come and get'cha when you dump sugary chai and heavy whole milk into your empty void of a stomach . ok , got it . 
admittedly i'm more than a little obsessed with divide&kreate's lady gaga/eurythmics mash-up . it's a dance party in my head , on repeat , all day . i'm finally going public with this . 
aw shucks , thanks for the birthday wishes you guys . i had ice cream for breakfast , am setting routes at the climbing gym with one of my best friends all day , and am making up for the lack of birthday debauchery in spades for a week in key west at the end of the month . love y'all! 
there is some sick sequence in my genetic coding that causes me to enjoy being on the move from 5am until 11pm . every . single . day . 
eight hours straight in a climbing harness . i am too grown up for diapers i thought ? 
since when is < PROPFEMALE > the new lady gaga ? i wish better people would make synth-drenched dance music so that i could refrain from having so many guilty pleasures . 
amazing late birthday present to myself : messenger from burrobags.com 
good dubstep is seriously entrancing . 
i hate busy mornings . don't these people know i just want to sit around drinking chai and doing crosswords for the next two hours before i have to deal with anyone ? f'real . 
\can't nobody make you make any music that you don't wanna ' make . remember that . \ " http://smokingsection.uproxx.com/TSS/2011/03/lupe-fiasco-responds-to-his-albums-bad-reviews " 
boston for heart ov zteel 3/24-3/27 , key west for white sand and turquoise water 3/30-4/3 . 
bassnectar's ' magical world ' is seriously ear sex . i don't even know what just happened inside of my brain . 
GOVINDA , YOU'RE NEEDED AT STARBUCKS : \where's govinda ? i need someone to play videos to me from the internet . \ " - < PROPFIRST > " 
six hours away from eleven insane days of glorious freedom . 
en route to boston at 8:30 am tomorrow . i guess now would maybe be a good time to start packing , who knows . 
we watched ass clap how-to videos by < PROPFEMALE > the body a.k.a \thunderclap\ " tonight . the physics of that are astounding . " 
Key West , you're about to get a little more insane than you already are . Hitting the road tonight -- INCOMING ! 
crawled duval last night . savage brutality . 
