I was getting harassed through Facebook messages by someone , and they kept just coming up with new accounts to send the messages from so blocking them wasn't working . So I created a new Facebook . Only my closest friends will be on this one . 

I just spent a bit of time editing this down from over 200 words to exactly 150 words so I could send it as a letter to the editor at the Press & Sun Bulletin :\ 
\ 
Broome County has wonderful parks provided for everyone by taxpayer money . Now , they want to charge taxpayers $5 per car to enter these parks . How can you charge someone for something they have already bought ? It's the equivalent of selling someone a $5 sub , and then requiring them to pay $5 for the sub they just bought in order to be able to eat it . This fee to enter the parks must not pass , and if it does , I urge everyone entering these parks to park elsewhere and then walk in so that they do not have to pay for that which they already have . If they start charging those who walk in as well , then boycott the parks altogether . Now , I am not a Broome County resident . My taxes don't go to these parks . But I plan to move there within months , and I think my thoughts are shared . 
If I were a Physics professor , I would require my students to read in the break immediately leading up to my class ( whether it be winter or summer break ) The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy trilogy ( all five books ) , and I would require them to watch the original < PROPFEMALE > Wars trilogy ( episodes I V-V I ) and the 2009 version of < PROPFEMALE > Trek . Their first assignment would be to write a ten-page essay on five technologies total from these science-fiction greats that they believe could be achieved within their lifetime and how they believe they could be achieved , and five technologies from them that they believe could not be achieved and why they believe that . I can only hope that some day I'll take Physics and have a professor cool enough to assign such an essay . 
Hate is the metaphorical positron of societal antimatter , with love being the electron . When the positron meets the electron , just as in particle physics , an annihilation event occurs . The annihilation of morale . The annihilation of joy . And in severe cases , the annihilation of life . Don't drift into the realm of societal antimatter , and you won't have this metaphorical positron . You will be left with love , the most beautiful emotion a human can enjoy . Love all , hate none , for love is the path to true happiness . 
Come to the HALLOWEEN PARTY/FLOOD BENEFIT SHOW !!!! If all goes according to plan , I will be playing guitar and singing as part of the benefit show . 
I'm teaching myself particle physics . I guess some may call me \quarky . \"" 
I'm doing some light reading about organic chemistry right now . \ 
Some may say I should go to a bar instead . I don't have a need for C2H5OH when I have something to learn . 
Thank you Mom and Dad for bringing home some < PROPMALE>' House of Bar-B-Q - Oneonta , NY from their fundraiser in Endwell . 
I've now put enough music on my laptop that I can listen non-stop for over a whole twenty-four hour day and not repeat a song . And I'm nowhere near done . Just done for now . 
The Official < PROPMALE > Browns 6-3 . A win is a win , no matter how pathetic it is . 
I can't think of many better things to do than to listen to the Styx album \The Grand Illusion\ " HOW IT WAS INTENDED TO BE LISTENED TO : an old fashioned vinyl record . :-) " 
\Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . \"" 
I replaced the strings on my acoustic guitar for the first time in a few years . So , my guitar will have fresh new strings for HALLOWEEN PARTY/FLOOD BENEFIT SHOW !!!! 
He's going nowhere good\ 
And he's getting there real fast\ 
He thinks it's all good fun\ 
Because he's having such a blast\ 
But what he doesn't realise\ 
Is that if he continues to take\ 
This wild path he's going down\ 
His train will lose it's last brake . \ 
On the one brake that remains , \ 
It's really hard to stop his train , \ 
But when it has none at all\ 
The only way to stop will bring much pain . \ 
As the only way a train\ 
With no brakes can stop at all\ 
Is by crashing into another , \ 
Or crashing into a wall . \ 
And I just wish my friend would realise\ 
That he needs to stop this before it's there , \ 
To the point where there will be suffering\ 
In order to end this scare . 
Thank God for Zyrtec . I was having an allergy attack worse than any I've had for several months . 
I get to see my aunts and uncles fairly frequently , although some more than others . But there's so many cousins I haven't seen in what seems like forever . It would be so much easier if we all lived in one area . I feel like I don't even know some of my cousins because the last time I've seen some of them is around a decade ago . I have multiple cousins who have multiple children , and I haven't even seen them since before they had any children . I wish my dad's side of the family could be a little closer . :-( 
I'm on call tonight . If any of the youth I know through the various things I have been involved in knew Jaryd and want someone to talk to , please call or text . If you don't have my number , send me a message here on Facebook with your number and when I see it in the morning I will contact you . 
It's fricken snowing !!!! It's too early to be winter !!!! I need to move to L.A. !!!! 
Who's ready for the 2-4 inches of snow we're supposed to get over tomorrow and tomorrow night ? NOT ME !!!! IT'S TOO EARLY FOR WINTER !!!! 
I'm listening to Antisoc because there's nothing better to do on a Friday evening . 
Ifsi yotu caes unes thod , unes Zenitramanio . Tete peta thod sado . \ 
Ifsi nono unes , itlo feto . 
Practicing for playing at HALLOWEEN PARTY/FLOOD BENEFIT SHOW !!!! by singing along to YouTube videos . 
One's social life cannot be defined by the number of Facebook friends they have , but rather the quality of the friendships they do have , both on and off Facebook . For what good are three hundred friends you barely know , when you could have a small group of close friends you consider to be , more or less , like family ? 
