How the heck does this thing work ??? 

Apparently , some website thinks my \Power Animal\ " is the Bactrian Camel ........... A Freaking CAMEL !!! You've got to be kidding me !.......... God dang it .... " 
facebook \owns\ " my photos ??? interesting ... " 
ugh , i hate rainy high school football games ..... 
going driving , then watching the pens game tonight . this is definetly one of the more boring days off i've had in awhile ..... 
pens won ....... i'm happier than i was before now :) 
Just downloaded switchfoot's cover of \Crazy in Love\ " ..... lol ....... and strangely ..... it's better than the original ? " 
why spank you very very much < PROPFIRST > kunitz for scoring the winning goal in the shootout tonight against the canes ! :) 
pens are wearing the powder blues tonight :) ..... nice .... 
pens won 4-1 tonight ! make that 5 wins in a row 
hates the stupid game advertisements that show up on EVERY < PROPFEMALE > on facebook ..... 
Watching the Pens game . 
Pens beat St. < PROPFIRST > tonight 5-1 . Make that 6 wins in a row now :) 
is happy that the pens completely destroyed the canadians tonight 6-1 , but at the same time is very pissed that his phone will not charge ......... at all .... 
is very happy that he has a new phone now :) 
is tired after watching transformers ..... again 
IS VERY HAPPY BECAUSE HIS COPY OF HELLO HURRICANE CAME IN THE MAIL TODAY !!! 
is trying to bust out 20 note cards for senor anastasi .......... even though he forgot the format ....... 
Is in fairmont WV currently for thanksgiving . and debating wheather he should go black friday shopping .... because some people that go black friday shopping are pshycos .... 
Is watching the pens game , then will be thinking of how fast his thanksgiving break went ... 
ugh .... school ........ thats all I have to say ... 
going to the christmas parade to play the same song like 2-4 times ....... quite pointless .... 
\What are you waiting for ? The Day is Gone ..... I said I'm Waiting for Dawn .... \"" 
“The only people for me are the mad ones , the ones who are mad to live , mad to talk , mad to be saved , desirous of everything at the same time , the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing , but burn , burn , burn , like fabulous yellow < PROPMALE > candles exploding like spiders across the stars . \ -- Jack Kerouac " 
Pulling an all nighter because i decided that 8 am in the morning on christmas break would just be way to difficult for other people to wake me up and depart from WV . SO .... i shall be leaving with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > at 8 am and pass out in the car most likely ..... SOUNDS GOOD ! 
Who cares if we lost(well , I kind of do) ? The only thing that matters is who's holding Lord < PROPMALE > in June . 
You said , \I'm so sorry I've been so down . I started doubting things could ever turn around . And I began to believe that all we are is material . It's nonsensical . \"" 
\If we've only got one try . If we've only got one life . If time was never on our side . Then before I die I want to burn out bright \"" 
Is staying in a motel in scranton < PROPFEMALE > tonight , then going to connecticut tomorrow morning for < PROPFIRST>'s wedding 
Just got back from the \bachelor party\ " .... dude my bro is getting married in like 10 hours !!!! " 
Back from connecticut , my brother has been officially married for approximately 31 hours . 
\Where is God in the night sky ? Where is God in the city light ? Where is God in the earthquake ? Where is God in the genocide ? Where are you in my broken heart ? Everything seems to fall apart . Everything feels rusted over . Tell me that you're there \"." 
Congrats to the New Orleans Saints : 2009-2010 SuperBowl Champions . 
Facebook changed things around on me again .... and I was just getting used to the old format ...... Dang it . 
\Every exit is an entrance somewhere else ... \"" 
Zombieland = Good movie 
USA 3 , Switzerland 1 ....... Very nice .... 
USA 6 , Norway 1 ..... Sweet ... 
USA 5 , Canada 3 ..... I am quite happy about this :) 
God I love hockey ....... GO USA 
Marching band inside of the hallways of Grove City High School ........ sucks 
War became a job , And love became a mystery . And heart and head were bent out of tune . Fear and doubt began , And God threw up his hands , And the sky didn't know what to do .... 
F you < PROPFIRST > Crosby ....... go die ..... 
\Cause I could spend my life just trying to sift through what I could've done better but what good do what if's do .... \"" 
-Wanna buy some deathsticks ??? -You don't want to sell me deathsticks ..... -I don't want to sell you deathsticks ..... -You want to go home and rethink your life ..... -I want to go home and rethink my life .... 
\Many churches and congregations do nothing but outsource justice ... \"" 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” 
feels as if he's going to die right now .... 
CABIN ! 
< PROPFIRST > Perkins said it right , \LOVE is the final fight ... \"" 
\And may the vision of You be the death of me ... \"" 
“My fault , my failure , is not in the passions I have , but in my lack of control of them . ” 
\One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure its worth watching ... ” " 
“I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge - myth is more potent than history - dreams are more powerful than facts - hope always triumphs over experience - laughter is the cure for grief - love is stronger than death ... ” 
How could love be rightly discussed if You were forgotten , O Spirit of Love , You who take nothing for Your own but remind us of that sacrifice of love , remind the believer to love as he is loved , and his neighbour as himself ! ----- Soren Kierkegaard 
Let the wars begin , let my strength wear thin . Let my fingers crack , let my world fall apart , Train the monkeys on my back to fight . Let it start tonight . When my world explodes , when my stars touch the ground , Falling down like broken satellites . 
This is your life . Is it everything you dreamed that it would be when the world was younger , and you had everything to lose . 
Whoever invented amazon.com ..... I love them ..... 
Enjoys losing track of the days . 
\If I'm restless then why do I want nothing but to rest my soul ? \"" 
“Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for , great enough to die for . ” 
“Oh , you weak , beautiful people who give up with such grace . What you need is someone to take hold of you -- gently , with love , and hand your life back to you . ” 
It was a Beautiful Letdown the day I knew that all the riches this world had to offer me were never due ... 
“I am ready to meet my Maker . Whether my Maker is prepared for the ordeal of meeting me is another matter . ” 
Tonight is the end of < PROPFIRST > Swiger's summer .... because < PROPFIRST > Habarka is making him wake up at 8:25 to go play some crappy music for 3 weeks ... 
Is going to see mewithoutYou tonight !!!! He is very pumped .... :) 
Pay no attention to me dancing with my girl ... We have every intention to be failures in this world . 
Still tastes ' its kiss , that dull hook in his lip , but that memory's as useless as a < PROPMALE > without a reel ... 
“You know what , I can't explain what it's like to go crazy or to be crazy . Being crazy is just being myself . ” 
Keeps his confessions long but when he prays he keeps it short ... 
“God < PROPMALE > me the courage not to give up what I think is right even though I think it is hopeless . ” 
Tomorrow marks the ONE THING that makes band camp worth going to .... CEDAR POINT ! 
What's the best ride for your senior send off for band at Cedar Point ????.... The Merry-Go-Round of course :) 
So I wander and I wander . Your absence beating inside my chest . And I try , but I can't remember the color of your eyes - JUST THE SHAPE OF YOUR DRESS ! 
Cause everybody knows that the hardest war to fight is a fight to be yourself in a world that wants to turn you into someone else ... 
Last night of my high school career to stay up late during the summer ..... that makes me slightly depressed actually ... or maybe it's just the fact that there's nothing to do . 
Must say that this was probably one of the best summers of his life . It's been real my friends , I'll see you all in school tomorrow . 
The Fathers conditional love does not exist . The imperfect cross does not exist . The salvation you are judging others for does not exist . It was finished at the cross , and it is finished at the cross . It is finished ! 
Everyone dies ... Everyone loves a fight ... Nothing is Sound , Nothing is right side right ... 
The concept is the idea that there is still distance . There's still wars going on , there are still wars within our own hearts . The symphony is not finished yet . But there is grace happening all around us ... 
I hear a lot of stories about hate . Hatred's easy , violence is easy , they're the things that come naturally to us . But , to actually turn the other cheek , that takes a considerably large man ... 
The < PROPFEMALE > Wars movies are going to be re-released to theaters in 3D ?!?!?!?! WHAT ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
Is skipping his senior homecoming to go see Switchfoot in concert in Cheswick , Pennsylvania ..... That's a big time win for him .... 
Is now an official employee of Nautica at the Grove City Outlets . 
\There's nothing here worth saving . Is no one here at all ? Is there any net left that could break our fall ? \ 
Well , we finally beat Wilmington ...... that's a first . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > probably pooped his pants seeing the student section rush the field . 
First day at Nautica .... we'll just say I rolled in there with no training ( when you're supposed to have 2 days ) , on the busiest day that they've had in a few months .... and I rocked it . Work tomorrow again from 2- 7:30 , no break . 
\I don't remember much about that night .... But I'm pretty sure it rained the day I died ... \"" 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Habarka ...... I HATE YOUR F**KING GUTS 
If I didn't have You as my guide I'd still wander lost in Sinai , Or down by the tracks watching trains go by to remind me : There are places that aren't here . I had a well but all the water left . So I'll ask Your forgiveness with every breath , If there was no way into God , I would never have laid in this grave of a body for so long , dear . 
Thanksgiving in WV , then working 3-midnight tomorrow for Black Friday ... do work ! 
Is actually very depressed to hear that the Eagles lost tonight .... no more high school football games for me :/ 
If you fail to see a problem , which I find hard to believe , \ 
Or if you're hanging on from branches licking < PROPFEMALE > from the leaves ;\ 
You say , \The hopelessness of living ... and the childishness of suicide ! \ " \ 
Broke his E string practicing for A Not So Silent Night tonight .... awesome ... by the way ...... SLEIGH RIDE 
Just finished his first glass of eggnog this christmas season .... OH , YES . 
To all of you who showed up last night .... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Here's to many more(song pun ! ) ! But in all seriousness , I love you . 
So yeah .... I got up at 4:30 A.M on Christmas day , opened my stocking , and am now watching \A Christmas Story\ " . I've been doing this since about .... forever .... " 
Is now the proud owner of a Zune HD .... oh .... yes .... 
Has taken a sudden liking to < PROPFIRST > Mayer(his music , not him actually ) .... Odd .... 
Our hearts are still the same , stone and ice and steel , lifeless , hollow things .... 
Take me down and lock me up , you can't change my head , you can't change my heart .... 
Flower tongue wilts with too much sun \ 
And that's where we've been living for so long \ 
Sending off the western coast \ 
Watch the sun set with your shrinking voice \ 
See I ain't the boy she loves the most \ 
I'm just enough to fill the void her daddy left 
I'm no more than a friend girl\ 
I can see that you need more\ 
My boots are on my feet now\ 
My bag is by the door\ 
\ 
And the love and the attention\ 
That you need and ask me for\ 
Are weakened by my actions \ 
And lies that I have told ... 
Will not be turning in his Portrait of an Artist paper tomorrow . 
\If I ask the same questions 
\And you rip it from my hands\ 
So one man has and another has not , \ 
How can you love what it is you have got , \ 
When you took it all from the weak hands of the poor ? \ 
Liars and thieves you know not what is in store ... 
Is really confused as to why we have a two hour delay .... a : it didn't snow , b:it's only 32 degrees out , and c:I'm already ready to go to school .... so I can't go back to sleep ... 
Thank you Grove Citiy School District for putting your students safety first and giving them a two hour delay !.... Oh , wait .... 
\Oh 
Atomic Wing Challenge from Quaker Steak .... Owned . 
I get way to stressed out during playoff games . 
“God < PROPMALE > me the courage not to give up what I think is right even though I think it is hopeless .... ” 
\I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake . \"" 
Well .... at least there's still the pens .... 
\When February rolls around I'll roll my eyes ... \"" 
You know you practice bass guitar too much when you get blood blisters on your fingers . 
\Lately life’s been the same I find this comfortable place\ 
There's a song that's inside of my soul \ 
It's the one that I've tried to write \ 
over and over again \ 
I'm awake and in the infinite cold \ 
But You sing to me over and over and \ 
over again 
Goodbye , Mr. Goligoski .... I shall miss thee so . 
I am the Way , follow Me and take My hand . And I am the Truth , embrace Me and you'll understand . And I am the Light , and for Me you'll live again ... 
These carbon shells\ 
These fragile < PROPFIRST > frames\ 
House canvases of souls\ 
We are bruised and broken masterpieces\ 
But we did not paint ourselves 
BUTLER !!!! 
I want to grow old without the pain ... 
When I try to reach above , I only hurt the ones I love . 
Just got accepted to Clarion . Win . 
Now owns a Boba Fett lunch box . Thank you < PROPFIRST > Dibello for the reference . 
No snow accumulation ?! Mr. Isles ..... You lie .... 
The day has finally come ..... State Radio concert ! 
THAT . WAS . AWESOME . I'd call that a successful night . 
