what is the negative exponent of the negative exponent of your face ? 

Okay , what math genious can tell me how to do this ? T = 1/(1-exp{-exp[-( 0.5772 +((pi*Kt)/square root of 6 ))]} if I know what Kt is . 
thinks \Angels and Demons\ " might have been a better movie if the people involved in making it appeared to have read the book ... " 
needs a nap 
that's it . I'm ordering supplies now and starting my Phedre custom pony as soon as I return from vacation . I suspect however , that this will lead to a kushiel pony collection O.o 
is wondering why her car always costs $500+ every time it needs something ... 
is filling her new purse with goodies before it even arrives <3 . I just got \The Better World Shopping Guide\ " and a fair trade wallet ( on sale for 4.95 !! ) to live in my purse ! " 
is sleepy and pissed off . Bad combo . 
goes on vacation in 39 hours . 
is leaving for vacation in ... 15 and 7 minutes hours ! But I get off work at 5 , so ... technically , I'm on vacation in one hour and 37 minutes ... 
saw the VICE PRESIDENT at the Wilmington trainstation this morning ! Good morning , Mr. Biden !! ( would have taken a picture but though rooting through my purse and whipping out my cell phone might startle Secret Service ... ) 
saw Mr. Biden again today ... and raw milk tastes like grass ! 
wishes Wilmington had CSA ... or if they do , I wish I knew about them . 
has class tonight . Would rather have a nice ride cross-country , a nap , and a wonderful dinner with the boyfriend . Especially a nap . 
wants a Pullip . 
can't even think straight she's so tired . Class again . Home and sleep after work tomorrow ! 
<3 ' s Foxski ! 
doesn't know why all of the environmental biology courses are impossible for her to attend . 
gets to go home tonight ! Except Wilmington is having storms bringing 1-3 inches of rain with some rainfall rates of 6 in/hr . NICE ! 
is going apartment hunting this weekend ! Wish me luck ! 
won't be watching any Eagles football if Mr. Vick is on the team . Not that I watched much , but still ... how disgusting . 
needs more luck than she thought in the great apartment hunt ... 
wonders if anyone knows of any good apartments in the Wilmington/Newark , DE area ? If so , please message me . 
GOT AN A- IN THAT CRAZY INSANE CLASS ! HOLY COW ! 
will be getting textbooks in a week for \Wetlands \"!" 
had a great week with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
is it lame that , when I don't have school work , I don't know what to do ? 
just found out that she can order Arbroath Smokeys from Scotland and have them delivered to the US . I KNOW WHAT I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS !!! 
is thinking of getting a pygmy hedgehog . Anyone have one or know anything about them ? 
gets way too obsessed with book characters . I have a problem , folks ! 
5 days til a weekend trip ( after trail clearing , of course ! ) 
wants to know how you can be CEO of the ASPCA and accidentally leave a dog in a car for 4 hours in 90 degree weather ... 
ordered her Pullip !! 
anyone have a PhD ? I have questions ! Message me ! 
she's here , she's here , she's here !! 
is down in Richmond for vacation ! 
is excited because hunting begins tomorrow ! 
omgomgomgomgomgomg !!!!!! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Swayze :( Someone needs to do a 24 hour block of Dirty Dancing . 
thinks that it should be nap time . Couldn't sleep at all last night for thinking of interviews . But it went well , and now I am sleepy ! 
do be sayin ' that her facebook be in pirate . 
is so ... annoyed by one thing and happy about another . 
Attn Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow . You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4 . They will be euthanizing all animals without a home !!! Go & save a life !! 30 cats and 80 dogs left . ...... :( PLEASE REPOST ! 
... * sigh * Is it nap time ? 
wants to know why it feels like someone is shoving a pin up her nose when she breathes ! 
wants to know who decided that it should be just above freezing and rain . yuck . That's the worst kind of weather ... 
can't wait until the apartment building turns the heat on ... 
now has heat as of last night . That was a cold Nor'easter! 
GO PHILLIES !! 
sat in the bar at 30th Street Station last night watchn ' the game with a crabcake sandwich , sweet potato fries , a glass of pino grigio and everyone at the station ! GOOOOO PHILS ! 
is very upset by the comments on the USA Today article about that 15 year old girl being gang raped in Richmond . I don't care if she was completely drunk and waltzing down the street naked . That doesn't make what happened to her okay and certainly does not make it \her fault \"" 
is sitting at her desk , dressed like a pixie . Tomorrow , she's going to be a cowgirl . What's everyone else going to be ? 
just posted more pictures from < PROPFEMALE > , specifically Versailles . WARNING : may include nude painting/sculptures of various mythological figures and inflated lobsters . Not for the feint of heart ! 
is glad her train was still running , even though it was extremely overcrowded . Way to strike at 3AM and screw everyone up SEPTA ! 
hopes her train ride home doesn't take twice as long as it should tomorrow . Come on SEPTA workers ! I don't want to get home at 11:30 tomorrow night and getting to work on time might be nice , too . 
Maine = fail . 
has class until 8:10 tonight and won't get a train until 9:37 . Hopefully , it won't be too late ... GO PHILS ! Who wants to give me updates on the game ? 
aww , phils . :( Thanks for a good season though . 
Llamas are dangerous ! If you see one where people are swimming , you shout : \Look out ! There are llamas ! \"" 
just returned from a wonderful foxhunt on a beautiful day . Took Foxski out afterwards and he was very excited to get out . Now its time to write papers , have dinner and sleep ! 
doesn't know what classes to take this semester ... what do they have against Biology related courses when I am not at work . 
wants to know why people can't have a normal email address for work related emails ... 
has lost the ability to speak coherantly . 
is amused by the weather channel terming the remains of hurricane < PROPFEMALE > an \Atlantic Assault\ " . What ever would they call it if it were a full strength hurricane ? " 
is pretty sure she saw a bumper sticker of Phedre the other day , but couldn't get close enough to truly tell . The one time you want a red light ... 
needs a cup of coffee before her eyes fall out of her head ... 
is signing up for classes for the spring semester , needs a nap and a huge cup of coffee , and enjoys bagels with veggie cream cheese . 
is counting down to the due date for her applications ... 4 to go ! 
a funny old bird is the pelican ... also , 3 days til everything is due ! Eep !!! 
it's all due today ! eep !! 
is pretty sure the admissions department is actually trying to make her crazy . 
Anyone else having trouble seeing anything on the \home\ " facebook < PROPFEMALE >?" 
nevermind 
Today when I did my usual running leap into bed , my boyfriend finally asked me why I do that every time . I explained that I am terrified of the boogyman grabbing my feet from under the bed . He told me that was ridiculous and then proceeded to walk to my bed to climb in . My kitten then attacked his feet from under the bed . Ive never heard a man scream so loud . Told ya so . MLIA . 
hopes everyone has their snow shovels ready ! let it snow let it snow let it snow !! 
is sitting downstairs in the coffee shop , drinking coffee , working on her final and watching the snow . Be safe everyone and don't go out unless you have to ! 
thinks dogs in the snow are very amusing . 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
needs a costume to wear at a party in < PROPFEMALE > . Theme is heros/superheros . Must be packable ( shouldn't wrinkle , no enormous pettycoats , no weapons ) . Would prefer something from myth , literature , or film . Please provide me with suggestions . 
needs a costume to wear at a party in < PROPFEMALE > . Theme is heros/superheros . Must be packable ( shouldn't wrinkle , no enormous pettycoats , no weapons ) . Would prefer something from myth , literature , or film . Please provide me with suggestions 
is really confused . Her dad and BBC are telling her Europe is in the negative temperatures . Weather.com is telling her in the positive 30s-50s . 
wishes everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas :) 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes :) 
is all packed to go to < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! Woohoo ! 
pale pink 
is back from < PROPFEMALE > . Unfortunately . 
A friend of mine is doing an auction on this site and I just thought I'd post it in case anyone might want to bid on any artwork and help Haiti at the same time . http://community.livejournal.com/help_haiti/ 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has AUTISM . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this , will YOU ? 
needs a bass for her chuch's choir . If you might be interested , please message me for more info . 
still needs a bass for choir . Seriously . We only have one and we need another ! 
is the lobster of Versailles . 
wants to know why maintainance has to do work that's been needed for a year when she's sick and trying to get some sleep .... booo . 
thinks it's too cold to do anything but go home and drink tea , watch tv , read , do homework , and be boring ! 
doesn't have a doppelganger ... Oh well . 
ArcGIS ... why do you hate me ? All I want to do is make a map of Costa Rica !! :( 
wants doppelganger suggestions ! Also , why did the Moody Blues tickets sell out so fast !? 
found her doppelganger ! Summer Glau . Thanks , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Happy Groundhog Day ! Except he saw his shadow and since we all know that rodents predict the weather , we're going to be cold a bit longer ! 
<3 <3 <3 
might get a foot of snow this weekend ! Excited ! 
Dear Citizens of Wilmington , This is a snowstorm , not the Apocalypse . You will be able to leave your house by Sunday so you do not need to stockpile a lifetime’s worth of milk and eggs . Please leave some food on the shelves for those doing legitimate grocery shopping . Thanks . 
is loving her warm and snuggly weekend in ! With LOTS of good food ! 
2 feet of snow so far !! 
12-16 more inches of snow on the way ?! 
2 more feet of snow and a blizzard warning ? YAY ! 
just realized that every update for the past two weeks has been about snow . Let's change it up : DIATOMS !! 
is glad there shouldn't be more than 2 inches of snow . 
is amazed by the men's short program ( holy cow Plushenko rocked) ! and wishes NBC would go back to it . Why is what I want to watch never on ?! 
men's skating last night was AWESOME ! 
is going to see TSO in April with orchastra seats ! I'm the coolest kid ever ! 
: If she wasn't crazy , she would go insane ! 
needs more Gunnes ! Too bad they cost too much . 
actually got her map making homework right this week . WOOOO ! 
is going to buy shorts or a skirt to match the Norwegian Curling Team's trousers ... Okay , in a different pattern but by the same company and infact louder than the infamous < PROPFEMALE > pants . 
is hopeful that it snows so little she can go to work or so much that she can't , but not that in-between amount where she gets stuck at the train station for 4 hours and they cancel all the trains home ... 
is hungry 
wonders if there will be any snow that actually accumulates 
is going on a day trip tomorrow ! yay ! 
can't wait for spring : 20 days ! 
is thinking of starting a collection of vintage aprons . I mean , I have to keep my Gunne Sax dresses clean somehow ! 
And the Lord did grin , and the people did feast upon the lambs , and sloths , and carp , and anchovies , and orangutans , and breakfast cereals , and fruit bats ... 
YAY DC !!! 
wants answers ! 
would like to know why guys like to spit loogies all over the place . IT'S GROSS ! DON'T DO IT ! 
* sighs * 
just how skinny were people's legs in the 1960s ?! My new boots fit until halfway up my leg O.o 
had a giant milkshake . I guess that stops me from running today . Well , always tomorrow ! 
just wants to know already ! 
28 
27 
is very happy ! 
26 
can teach you how to pickle victory . 
YES WE DID ! A step in the right direction :) 
< PROPMALE > Python is on TV !! 
there's always next year ... 
is pretty sure ArcGIS hates her computer . 
just asked which Bond movie was on TV and was told \the one with the Russian spy\ " . Isn't that pretty much all of them ? " 
behaved herself and didn't put a fish on a certain someone's back before they went to work ... 
TSO concert tomorrow ! Rockin ' out to Mozart ! WOOOHOO ! 
is running away to join the circus . 
* headdesk * 
has a least favourite fashion this season ... What's with the girls walking around in shirts that say dumb things in large letters , short shorts and ankle boots ? The girl dressed as a banana was far better dressed . 
soooo many bumblebees !! 
this weather has confused my immune system and I am now full of snots . 
would like to know where she could get rococo-style fabric for a reasonable price . 
needs someone to come defend her honour , which was recently insulted by a ruffian in the park she walks through on her way home . 
thinks \From Russia with Love\ " is her favourite Bond movie . " 
is an ArcGIS failure 
23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA and 17,000 in IL . NJ and FL are cutting teacher jobs and reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes are paid millions , but teachers , with whom we entrust to help raise our kids , are not valued . In honor of ALL teachers , copy and paste this into your status 
is going to the Penn Museum of Archeology and Anthropology at 2:30 PM today . Please contact her by phone ( or on here ) if you are interested in joining ! 
really enjoyed the Penn Museum and will have to go back and see the rest of it at some point . 
Happy Earth Day ! :) 
is wondering what she'll make for dinner on Earth Day :) Any suggestions ? First one to suggest eating endangered animals is in trouble ;) 
hates the commercials about abandoned dogs ... why does Pedigree dog food feel the need to make me cry during a 20 second commercail ?? 
weird question but .... does anyone know anything about Greenville Place Apartments in Wilmington ?? 
is amazed at the people on the White House FB < PROPFEMALE > who think volcanic ash was some sort of fraud or conspiracy . Where do people get this stuff !? 
Do people really have such a hard time not getting egg shell in their food that they need to spend $20 on a special egg cracker ? 
okay , oven . Why did you not cook my fish ? The risotto is finished and the fish is still raw ... even though it's been in for 30 minutes . Don't tell me my oven is going now . 
Come on Devil May Care ! Let's go girl !! 
the first comment on the ABC news story about vaccinations is someone saying that kids who have been vaccinated are a threat to kids who have not ... * headdesk * 
really enjoyed her half a peanut-butter-and-strawberry-jam sandwich ! 
off to run on the elliptical ! Zoom !! 
47 hours until I leave for Williamsburg . CAN'T WAIT ! 
gets waaaaaay too annoyed when she watches the news ... 
happy mother's day all !! 
is looking forward to Iron Hill tonight ! 
that was an AMAZING thunderstorm . Giant hail stones , lots of lightening ...! 
wishes pages on facebook would let her see them before she clicked like . Am I the only one who thinks that this is stupid ? 
So ... I just did a Yoga thing which told me to breath through my eyes . any suggestions ? 
blew out her flip-flop on the way to work , thus necessitating a < PROPFEMALE > ( or at least rum and juice ) when she returns home . She avoided stepping on any pop-tops . 
sitting home , watching M*A*S*H . Possibly a glass of < PROPFEMALE > shortly ... :) 
oh , hell . 
oh , it's my lucky week ! Golly gee !! 
does anyone else get confused when friends have similar profile pictures ? 
needs some entertainment ! 
True Blood season 3 starts SUNDAY !! I need to catch up on the reruns ... 
needs more high heeled shoes ! 
unfortunately did not get all the way through season 2 so will have to catch the premier when it shows up on demand . :( 
75% packed ! We only have a week and a half before moving day ! 
everybody funny . You funny TOO ! 
tonight is the last time I will cook in this apartment- packing up the kitchen tomorrow ! It's pizza from here on out , kids ! 
found a reason she'll miss her current apartment- we can see the fireworks from the Blue Rocks Stadium after the games and we won't at the new place . Ah well ! 
just got a call from < PROPFIRST > for < PROPFIRST > when there is no < PROPFIRST > here that she knows ! Woah ! 
just woke up but would be very happy if it was nap time ... 
just walked around campus ... it looks like a bomb went off , that storm was bad in Philly ! 
is all moved in to her new apartment ! Thanks to all who helped ! 
tonight is the first night I will cook in the new kitchen . I can't wait ! Nothing fancy , since I still have to unpack and wash dishes before I cook anything , but still ! 
has been reminded why she wants to work in a basement by herself with bugs ... 
* sigh * no more HBO ... but I do have TV and internet now !! 
should really go to bed ! Oh , look 11:11 !! 
is now the proud owner of a beautiful betta fish ! 
anyone interested in Hermes ties ? Please send me a message if so . I * may * be trying to sell some soon . 
it would be more fun if jobs were applying to me . 
is waaaaay more excited to be going to get a backpack and other assorted school supplies than she really should be ... 
is now paranoid about her washing machine as it EXPLODED the other day ... 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been , how far away they live and don’t hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but ... ... that you will ...... always love them ....... Repost if you ... are blessed to have at least one of these friends . :) 
is interested in purchasing a pair of bicycles . I'm looking for a woman's and a man's cruiser-style bike with 5-7 speeds . I'm not looking to spend a ton of money ( looking for under $300 for both ) so would like to buy used . Anyone looking to get rid of this type of bike or have any suggestions ? 
has a fever .... and the only prescription is MORE COWBELL ! 
is it just me , or is the worst thing about it being this hot the fact that everyone puts their air conditioners so cold ? If I dress for the 96 degree weather outside , I have to pack a parka so that when I'm inside I don't freeze to death . If I dress for the indoor temperature , I die of heat stroke as soon as I leave the building . 
my feet are so cold ! 
data make sense ! I command you ! 
finally put some stuff on the walls ! yay ! 
I need something fun to do this weekend . Any suggestions ? 
now has an Environmental Geology concentration . Rock on ! ( haha ) 
my brain hurts . 
http://www.theonion.com/video/breaking-news-some-bullshit-happening-somewhere,16928/ 
needs a nap !! 
note to self : if the sky is pitch black and it looks like a storm may hit , do not , repeat DO NOT stay inside to finish the chapter you're on before you walk to class . Leave immediately so you don't end up going to class drowned-rat style . 
what's everyone up to today ? 
2 job applications done , and it's time for a walk . 
needs to not take benedryl ... I took some last night and spent most of the day sleeping and the rest of the day groggy and useless :P 
finished sending out her research interest letters for PhD programs . Nerves !!! I need a pound of chocolate and a drink . Maybe Godiva Chocolate Liquor ? 
is some special sort of crazy when it's application season . 
just when you think you'll never see imaginary number again .... 
thinks it's freakishly yellow outside . 
doesn't know who this < PROPFEMALE > person is , but she needs to get her friends to email her at the correct address or I'm going to start showing up at these weddings in California that she keeps getting invited to . 
wants chocolate milk but doesn't want to go out to buy it . 
it's turtle , turtles , turtles all the way down !! 
break out the 1950s apron ... today I cleaned the apartment and made a pie :-P lol 
spent the last two days at an awesome EPA meeting ... now class , and hopefully the trains won't decide to stop running when it's time to head home . 
had to check the school closings because she was confused by children outside at 10:30 AM . Yep , no school here today ! 
so , other than the rain , I love the temperatures outside , but you'd think they'd stop the AC in here ... 
finally knows what she will be for Halloween ... now to make the costume 
day two of working at the Laurels is complete !! So much fun , but now it's nap-time ! 
cleaning and switching into my cool-weather clothes ! Yay ! Anyone know how to get rid of that cedar smell ? 
is starting a blog about geology , ecology , environmental science and anything else I happen to write about , but needs a title for it . I am planning it to mainly be about geology . Any suggestions ? 
does anyone know how to get Google Instant to go away ? I've gone into my settings and turned it off multiple times , but it just won't give up . It makes my computer slow and it sucks . 
Bonjour . Je'mappelle Inigo Montoya . \ 
\ 
( The best part , is halfway through the French version , he decides he prefers \Buenos Dias\ " which is Spanish ) " 
is it sad that I am super happy that I found a channel that plays FRAGGLE ROCK !!!! 
would someone please contact Ms. O'Donnell and ask where I can find these mice with fully functional human brains ? I want one to do my homework . 
just discovered that she can buy williamsburg soap online ! Yay ! We like that kind . 
Happy Halloween ! 
Retain your right to complain ! Go Vote ! If you don't vote , I don't want to hear any complaining . 
will be so happy tomorrow when she doesn't have to watch a billion political ads ... GO VOTE ! 
was so happy that the political ads were over she didn't condsider christmas ones ... it's only 11/3 , COME ON PEOPLE ! 
anyone around here interested in Hermes ties ? We have a few we'd like to sell :-) 
4/6 problems on my geocomp test done . My brain hurts . Still seeking mice with human brains to do calculus for me . 
is not thinking forth dimensionally 
is convinced that google is now psychic 
made some awesome fish chowder last night . 
how is it that I hit birds of prey with my car ? I've hit a red-tailed hawk and an owl . I feel horrible for it , but seriously , does my car look like a giant mouse ?! 
why do film makers insist on making movies that start me crying 10 minutes in and then last for 2 hours ? 
had to throw out the Norfolk Island pine she has had for a year because it was growing fungus . Sad :( 
anyone know where I can get a Norfolk Island pine ? I don't want more than one in a pot ( the single ones are so symmetrical and nice ) or spray painted with glitter (' cause that's dumb ) . Most places have one or both these issues . Any suggestions ? 
Ah , the annual watching of \Love Actually \"!" 
>.< 
why are all the Norfolk Island Pines COATED in glitter ... I want a Christmas tree that will become a beloved houseplant ... NOT a second grade < PROPMALE > project ... 
hopes someday you'll join us , and the world will be as one . 
half the statuses are about < PROPFIRST > ( what's that , btw ? ) and the other half are about not liking the new facebook ( haven't figured out the difference yet ) . I feel out of the loop . 
Oh , cruel world . Why dost thou contain calculus ? better yet , why hast thou found a way to torment me with it ? 
nothing like reading \The Stand\ " while catching a cold ! " 
is a quarter of a century old tomorrow . eww . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! I hope you all had a great holiday ! 
is now a Sagittarius . My life as I know it is over !! Oh , wait . I didn't think horoscopes came true anyway ? Right . 
Anyone need new-to-you dishes ? I have a set I'd like to find a home for . This is NOT a full set , but includes 8 dinner plates , 7 soup bowls , 7 salad plates , a veggie serving bowl and a meat plate . Must be able to pick up . This set shows use , but still has years in it . The pattern is deep pink dogwood flowers on white < PROPFEMALE > with a gold rim . Very pretty , and I love this set , but I just got a full set :) 
Oh , < PROPMALE > Aronofsky , you are a sick , twisted GENIUS and my favourite director . 
* sigh * I received a book from Amazon and they sent the wrong one ... which is great since I need to read chapters in it for tomorrow . Hopefully they'll send the right one quickly and not charge me anything for return shipping ... 
much like a cold made < PROPFEMALE>'s voice sexy , my cold improves my French accent ... 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friends list ? Here is the task for you . I want all my f/b friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
sings \du duuuuu dududu\ " in her head every time her prof say \ " monometer \"" 
enjoyed the SotU . 
home with a cup of tea and my darling . Planning dinners for the weekend , relaxing , and studying :) 
well , here I am . Penn is open , Academy is closed . Time to spend a day in the bookstore ! On the bright side : Coffee and food ! 
if anyone in the Penn area is bored , come < PROPFEMALE > with me in the Bookstore ! I'm ( more or less ) studying , but company is always welcome :) 
so , I am sitting near a dude who seems to think that burping loudly every few seconds is perfectly normal . They sound juicy . It's really gross . Help ! 
woohoo ! One project done ! And a week early ! Ouch my brain ! 
just finished a raclette dinner . Tomorrow : Dad's b-day with red wine/grape salmon , garlic spinach , and gratin dauphinois . Love cooking ! 
of all the things I miss from undergrad , I think I miss the ability to take a nap when I am tired the most ... 
fabulous anniversary dinner last night . We'll be going back there ! 
is going to start a list of things she wants to learn to cook so she can check them off .... current list : homemade ravioli , crepes , bread pudding , sticky toffee pudding ( danger ... will eat sticky pudding until in sugar coma ) 
drinking coffee to stay awake in class ... hoping that said coffee doesn't prevent sleep later 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
so , there is a new assignment loaded on the website , and it's due on 3/1 and there is no description of what it is ... can I just turn in a blank sheet of paper ?? 
the weather is so nice today ! 
Unionville used book sale tonight ! So happy to restock my library on the cheap ! 
French onion soup for dinner ! Yum ! 
an exciting day of studying in the Penn bookstore ! 
why do English units even exist ? And why does my text book give the width and length in meters and the evaporation rate in inches/week ? Can we just switch to all metric already ? 
not enough coffee in all the world 
wants to know how the person next to her is slurping rice ? 
.... * flails around * 
HAS A PHD OFFER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 111111111one 
hitting the slopes today . Blue Mountain here we come ! 
2 FOR 2 ! * bounces off walls * I know what I'm doing next fall !! 
it's always rainy when I go to the Flower Show ... it must be some sort of payback for enjoying spring a month early . 
is , as of this moment , officially a Blue Hen this fall ! Just officially accepted my admission : I'm going to UD for my PhD !!! 
needs to write two paper and finish her hydrogeology exam by Friday ... Speakign of which , does anyone know how to write a methods section for a non-scientific research paper ? Considering it's 25/60 points , I don't think he wants ( 1 ) Went to google scholar ( 2 ) read some stuff ( 3 ) wrote some stuff . 
is enjoying a Mexican Hot Chocolate ... with goldschlagger instead of powdered cinnamon ... while she finishes her homework . 
1/3 of one hydrogeology problem left to go , tuesday's homework done , and giant Kyoto Protocol paper of doom 70% finished ( still have 1/3 of background , intro and abstract to go ) . Finishing everything tomorrow ! Bed time ! 
at the airport , waiting to go to Chicago for the weekend ! 
and .... my best model is 66% accurate . Yikes . 
I feel like I'm five . I had PBJ for lunch and PBJ for dinner . My sides of choice ? Oranges and a pudding snack ... yeah , totally five . 
