Thanks for the warning . You didn't answer my question . I don't want to go another 15 years before I see you again , ya brat !! ' Sides , my kids won't be home much longer you know , and they deserve to see their Uncles again ... Did I lay the guilt trip on th 

Guess I'm on my way to being single afterall .... 24 years just doesn't count for as much as it used to I guess .... 
Joined a support group for Separated and Divorced people today . Can't wait to hear about the affair and infidelity issues ! Saturday morning is my first group meeting . Life goes on , right ? 
I GOT MY JEEP !!!! It's GORGEOUS !!! I'll post a picture of it when I pick it up ! 
Joined a hiking group today . They are planning a hike to Zion next weekend , so I may not be on the game on Saturday . haven't quite decided if I'm going to go or not . 
Isn't it funny how people say they believe one thing about a situation , but when they find themselves in that same situation , the behave completely differently ?? 
Ok , Federal Government Forms are the single most confusing thing in the world ..... 
This will be a good day ... Optimism is high ! 
?? HUSBAND WEEK ! : If you have a husband who makes your life interesting and fun , who is your best friend and who has been with you through thick and thin , who has been a blessing in your life and who you are proud to be married to , post this on your status . ?? 
So , go figure ... Went shooting yesterday and found out that even though I'm right handed , I'm a much better shot left handed . So , now I shot left handed ... who'd a thunk it ? 
OMG .... dogs woke me up at 6:15 this morning . I think I hate my dogs .... LOL 
Life is good , wonderful , amazingly beautiful and incredibly brutal . Live for the highs and forgive the lows !! 
Damn ... had to put the top on the jeep yesterday . Only 56 degrees today . What the heck is up with that ? Good thing it'll be back up in the 80-90 range on Saturday for our hike . 
Only one more day until ZION !! Can hardly wait ! I'll post lots of pictures ! 
I really hate applying for jobs ... writing resume's SUCKS !!!! 
Now the waiting game to see if I get the job ... oh joy . But ... backpacking basics is Thursday night , Saturday is the REI Sale , and I still have this job for now ! Life is good .... just challenging sometimes .... LOL 
WOW !!! 50 mile an hour winds are not fund in an open jeep ... still love my jeep though 
WOO HOO !!!! Mt Charleston , here I come !! 8,400 feet in elevation ... wow , not sure how THAT's gonna work out , but I'll find a way . I always do . 
and it was 11,000 feet in elevation , not 8,400 .... 
Big trip is upcoming .... 2 weeks touring Northern Arizona and heading over to Chaco Canyon . Grand Canyon , Vermillin thingies , painted desert , petrified < PROPMALE > , chaco canyon , and maybe Zion for some repelling .... Have to see , since I just lost two days to take care of some school business . 
Ever just have one of those days where nothing can get you down ? That's my day today . Just an overall great day ! 
