Just when you think you know someone they surprise the hell out of you ????????? 

i knew it was comin but not so soon . What am I going to do ?? 
made it thru the first day , how many more ?? 
There is only one thing that is ever on my mind or should I say one person ..... 
New job !!! Great hours !!!! Good pay !!!! what more could you ask for ?? 
I have to work tonight . BOOOOOO but only til 8 then to the familys for fun & pictures ; ) 
The economy is suffering bad when jobs are lost daily , gas is expensive for no reason and the fireworks sucked !!!!!!!! ( compared to last year ) 
good news for my love !!! hopefully he'll get the help he needs and then life will go according to me !! 
I hate being so busy and rushed , i hate moving , i hate breaking my word , and i hate feeling obligated .... im just so stressed ..... aaaahhhhh 
i do love one thing ... homemade apricot jelly 
so i got the wrong class at school and transferred to a new one but its one i took already and its hard .... English ... i know you're all laughing but lets see one person dissect a sentence , verb , subject , clause , predicate and so on ...... i feel so dumb : ( 
AAAHHHH english is killing me !!!!! 
ah another day in english , what will in not learn today ?? oh looking for a new place to live anyone know any places for rent on the E ?? 
I heard a fable once about he sun going on a journey to find its source , and how the < PROPFEMALE > wept without its lovers warm gaze .......... 
Monday . monday baaadaaa baaddaaaa 
I hate waiting for the cable guy ........ 
Should be doing homework ....... lalala-lalala-laaalaaalaaalaaaa 
Ok time to go do homework .... English ..... No habla ingles ....... 
its hump day !!!! half way done with this week . YAY 
F*#@ IN cable guy better come today I waited all day last time . 
Just learned an awesome new trick on my computer Firefox rocks ......... 
I love school !!!!! But can't wait il im done to make that money . 
School days ..... work nights ......... all of it blends together to make my life .... YAY ME !!!! Right ??? 
today has already been a fab day about to get better ... 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . And no one should be denied insurance for a pre-existing condition . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Trying to decide what i am going to do with all the free time i am going to have during the day ...... anyone have any good ideas ??? 
Finally rid of the black cloud in my life . I Thank God he saw me through it . I thought he didnt but he did and now the sun shines again . 
5 years ago today , I buried my daddy ........ 8 ::: ( 
I love jus hangin with my besty sippin on something refreshing in the middle of the day into the night ........ what a good day ..... 
School again . I know some day Im going to wake up and be done . Hmmmmmm when is that day ? 
Damn it trying to take the innnitiative and it fails ...... you can never fail if you never quit trying ........ 
Should be doing school work but ......... playing on facebook in funner . 
Tomorrow is the start of a new beginning !!!!! Im so excited !!!!!!!! Life just keeps getting better and better 
YES !!!!!!!! Got a new job YAY !!!!!!!! 2 weeks here I go . 
Somethings we don't talk about , rather do without ...... just hold a smile ............ 
what if ?? just WHAT IF ?? 
So I have class on Logic in Thinking . Does anyone have any clue about this subject ??? Im a little lost ..... All the help would be great ..... 
Good food , fabulous friends and apricot hefeweizen Yummy !!!!! 
Im soooo nervous . You would think having done this a couple times i would be a pro with no fear but deception is always scary . ........ here I go . 
Ima get you high today , cause it's friday , you aint got no job and aint got shit to do ......... nikka ........ 
So people's lives are so misfortunate and rather than rise above their misfortune they instill it upon the lives of their innocent children . 
hmmmm what happens to the whistle blower at a new job ?? / 
So it's Saturday , it's snowing , and I have to write a huge paper for school . What a day . Thank god I can escape to facebook ........... 
Im addicted 
Gosh Business Law sucks a$$ . I don't get this legal jargon !!!!!!!!!! 
oooo eeeee ooooo aahhaahh ting tang walla walla bing bang ............... yay !!!!!! 
I'll have to say , today was a good day ........... 
why cant some people just do what they say they're gonna do and why cant others just do what needs to be done . I cant wait to be done with school . 
whats next ???? 
why must my friends want to shop at the gateway . its SOOOOOO cold . 
Guess i'll do some good ole homework for Sociology . At least the business law homework is done that class sucks !!! 
UGH , i dont feel good .......... 
LMAO got my little nephew hooked on facebook ....... too funny . 
oooooo its almost christmas !!!!!!!! cant wait to see my baby's face when she sees what < PROPFEMALE > brought her ........... 
wishin my baby was home with me on this cold night . Damn why i gotta share ? 
I hate driving in the snow , at least i got 4 wheel drive . 
wrapped all my presents despite being sick . ugh i feel like shyt . but at least the stress of shopping is done . now i can nurse myself back to healthy . 
My daughter insists on torchering the dog . then wonders why the dog bites her fingers ......... wish she would get it you reap what you sow ...... lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good , no no no GREAT night . HO HO HO . 
just got done playing < PROPFEMALE > , had to eat some cookies and drink some milk and leave my baby her DSi . why does < PROPFEMALE > get all the credit for all my hard work . Lucky guy ; ) 
Oh snap on facebook with my daughters DSi . thats the shit !!!! 
Hope everyone had a great christmas , I know my family did ........ thanks to all the people in my life who have made me better , some of you dont know it but if you know me then you have in some way changed my life . Thank you . 
so i am actively learning the class , grace and style behind wine and and finding it to be a drink I really enjoy ............ 
AAAHHH it's a new < PROPFEMALE > ..... it's a new day . Happy New Year's to all my friends and family . 
Looks like it's going to be Seattle in February . So excited !!!! 
gd morning fb . time to start my 12 hour day . i cant wait for it to end . 
Sometimes we find out in life that some people are here for a moment , someare here for a season most are here for a reason and a few last a lifetime . Who are they ? 
what better to do with your life than learn new things ....... 
Going to Chicago to do a research study with top doctors in pediatrics ...... so excited what a great oppportunity . 
Walking makesme feel so good why didn't I always do this ? 
To be a part of something that's bigger than you gives you a greater sense of self worth . 
lunchin wit the ladies ..... Apricot Hefeweizen here I come . 
Found my lil brother finally !!!!! never thought i would see or talk to him again . Today is a great day ........ 
loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? ? April is cancer awareness month . 
ready to be done with work . . . . but I'm not 
my babys gonna be an American Idol . = ) 
hmmmmm ..... I wonder what its gonna be like . If it ever happens !!!! 
is chillaxin after a very stressful day yesterday 
Thank god sum1 invented cell phones & the internet or I'd be SO bored at the laundry mat . what did we do before them ? 
Damn got an early class & my ass is wide awake . Anyone out there ? 
how did I ever make it to class on 3 hours of sleep ? 
It's sisters week ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . *** I love my sisters all of them ... :) 
almost done with work . ready 4 the weekend !! 
what would the world be like if no one really truly loved us ?... I know what mine would be like . 
I sit and ponder all the reasons why I would even try .... then i think to myself life is about sacrifices you can make them now or pay for them later . 
Monday , monday ........ ba da da dadaaaa . Monday Monday . Back to school . What a long day I have a head of me 6 hours of class then work .. BOOOO Mondays . 
so I learned how alcohol affects ur nerve transmissions & why drunk ppl act the way the do when they drink . now I feel guilty when I drink . damn it sometimes ignorance is bliss !!! 
uuuggghhh . my head is on serious overload . 
hope everything goes as planned . eeeekkk I'm so nervous . 
there's no turning back now 
it's friday i just got off work aint got shit to do i think ima ......... you already know 
huge test tomorrow & I cant focus on studying to save my life . 
Today started off to be a terrible , horrible no good very bad day . But then the sun came and shined some light on my darkness . My prayers were answered 
Sometimes I feel Like Im all alone in this mind with no answers to my problems only hope for better days . It's at my finger tips but i just can't reach it . OOO so close to the end yet so far from sanity . 
...... hey I'm on a mission , no matter wat the condition . forget ur personal issues whn u go wat I've been thru . hey if u believe it then u can concieve it ! 
Mmmm apricot hefeweizen . Yummy in my tummy 
OMG . Not only is my appt at the ass crack of < PROPFEMALE > . The doctor is running late . I'm so tired . I could of caught 10 more minz of sleep . Uuugghhh ! 
got the good shit now . finally more energy . look world there's no stoppin me now !! 
dr < PROPFEMALE > says men who prey on vulnerable women are classified as Sociopaths . finally I figured out its not me its them !! thanks dr < PROPFEMALE > 
me likey the indian food . . . naan , chicken biryani , dal . wat u know bout that !!! 
yay !! jus got a new job !! whoooo whoooo 
I'm different I can't base what I'm gon be off of what everybody isn't . they don't listen just whispering behind my back no vision , lack of AMBITION so WHACK ........ 
Goin to orientation for my new JOB . Yea < PROPMALE > . It'll be nice to work in a clinic that is organized and well managed . can't say much for clinic 6 besides the pay is good . Sad = ( 
today is the greatest day I've ever known ............. 
ha ha today is the greatest day i've ever known .... 
oh how I love the smell of rain 
the hole that's left in ur heart frm lost loves is greater than the black hole in space . . . . 
workin on the holiday but no holiday pay . what a jipp !!! 
people come into our lives for a reason , why then are some so toxic they leave you scarred . who sent them ? and why ? 
in my world when it rains it snows like a white out blizzard and I can't see any hope in the clearing .......... 
I'm thankful for the people in my life who see my true colors . . . those that don't assume too much . 
Goin to see < PROPFEMALE > Sykes In Wendover ....... So EXCITED !!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Sykes was so funny . I had the best time ever ! good food , great drinks & the bestest of friends ! thanks < PROPFEMALE > & Angel !!! 
So glad the wknd is coming . . . . 
I love my job !! how many people can say that ? 
damn an hour and a half of minutes later ...... FUCK ! 
Another day of extended phone call times ..... why do they play such horrible music ?? I think it's to keep you call while you wait on eternal hold ... all I can do is hurry up and wait . 
Rainy days are so calming sometimes ....... Just the sound of the droplets in a constant pattern . What a melodic sound . 
working hungover sucks !! working to get the hangover is good times !! 
OMG . this is the worst sinus infection of my life . 
ok so I'm on antibiotics & I still feel like shit . wtf . 
what if ur grandmother or grandfather was won in a poker game ? 
T minus 38 days and counting to a new me ............ 
scars are souvenirs you never lose , the past is never far ...... 
love the smell of clean 
eeekkkk !! 
heat on 80 , in sweats , under the covers & I'm still freezing . . . 
totally had a Flat tire this morning when I came out to go to work . what a way to start the day ! hope it gets better . 
Hmmmm why are they ALL the same ???? GRRRRRRR !!!!!!! 
totally love time & a half Sundays <3 
so my cute little 5 year old patient picks her sticker for being a gd patient and she says \ why do they call her snow white if she is not snowy & her dress is not white ? \ " . any ideas ? " 
UUUGGGGHHHH !!!!! I cant stand this shit . What do they want ? 
I can't believe I did it again , broke my damn ankle/foot . wtf ! 
so psyched for my big night !! broken or not 
