dont want to go to work tommorow ... 

stressing about duke . 
had a great afternoon practice , and i'm getting a $ 1,305 check just for living here , its been a good day !! 
gots my new glasses . 
Going to ref this weekend . 
hominy corn fried with bacon , i can feel my arteries clogging !! 
I'm pissed , my new ipod tuch and its case are being sent to the last place i had apple send my stuff , and thats my aunts in juneau . FML !! And it pisses me off more that this is my fault and i can't blame fedex . 
Chopped wood for three and a half hours , little tired , i need to find someone to go and play racketball . 
So damn easy to say that life's so hard , everybody's got their share of battle scars . As for me I'd like to thank my lucky stars that I'm alive and well . 
goin to p-town to haul crab gear . 
I'm a snake with blue eyes , and i only come out at night lol . 
Going to the hospital christmas party , should be fun lol . 
Dammit , farmville has me hooked . 
What a day . I cooked breakfast , decorated it , went a got a tree , < PROPMALE > out with brown , went to work , then did the dishes , laundry , and cleaned up around the house . It be milller time lol . 
This is going to be a fun night . 
Trying to be a helpful and polite employee is kinda hard when you high on vicadin haha . 
Can finally see , contacts came in !! 
Nothing like a 1 o'clock in the morning run lol . 
Had another good 3 mile late night run . 
Just reffed for four hours or so , now i'm at work . My ass is dragging a lil bit . 
I love how in zombie movies the actors don't know what zombies are . Its like they're completely ignorant . 
well , i liked both the teams , wanted vikes to win more , but hopefully the saints can rally past the colts . 
women , you say something thats completely obvious , and they just don't get it . 
time for a run !!!! 
52\ hidef flatscreen tv + superbowl + lots of munchies = Awesome " 
< PROPFEMALE > turned 1 today !!! 
Day four and going strong !! 
Day 8 baby !!! 
Snow ?? Really ??? 
Day 17 , i'm home free !! 
I dare do all that may become a man ; Who dares do more is none . -William Shakesphere ( Macbeth ) 
What ?! Its < PROPFEMALE > on my day off !? Hells Yeah !! 
It's the starting day of the derby , and i'm working ... its even worse watching all the boats leave haha . And you think KSTK would actually try and play good music today considering the number of listeners just increased dramatically ... That would be a big NEGATIVE !!! hahaha 
SOOOOO HOOOOOT !!! 
Phone has gone M.I.A. , wont be able to get a new one till friday . FML !!! 
New number , 19076607013 
Long night at casa de serpiente . 
Thank you K.S.T.K. for broadcasting songs no one has ever heard before . \The apples are just turning ripe\ " is bound to become a hit ... I love to listen to your station . " 
Not 
Just walked into my dads , and < PROPFEMALE > came running up to me in her batman shirt . I just happened to be wearing mine as well . Needless to say my sister snapped a photo . 
Watched Boondock Saints 2 : All Saints Day . Epic Movie !!! 
Lets see , we can take the prop channel , or we can take the jet channel ( when we have a prop ) while the tide is going out and get stuck till 3:15 a . m .... guess which one was decided ? 
Lesnar vs . Carwin !!! This is going to be an intense fight !! 
What a fight !!!! Carwin rocks lesnar , and hes able to survive , and in the second lesnar is able to get the take down and get into a choke to win !! 
Went to the beach last ight with < PROPFEMALE > , my mom , my sister and the dogs last night , and couldnt keep < PROPFEMALE > out of the water !! She thought it was awesome . Going again tonight . 
Just took my contacts out for the first time in months , did not realize i am this blind normally . 
Thirteen Days ... 
Hello sun , nice to see you . Its been a while , too long in fact . Feel free to stay a while , i'm thinking a couple weeks minimum . 
I think the sun turns the river into a giant magnet that attracts aluminum . 
The house is clean , the fridge is full , the dishes are done , i'm on my last load of laundry , its a gorgeous day out , and i have work in an hour ... effin a cotton , effin a . 
Best way to cap a long day ... a nice run lol . 
Do mine own eyes deceive me ? Is that the sun ? Something tells me its a sucker whole , and a good one at that . 
hole * 
Man , that was a hell of a night . But in a good way . 
Go to the tubs , b.s. with the troopers , oh yeah !! 
10:30 at night after a good river trip , out of nowhere < PROPFIRST > shows up with a couple J&W's burgers , WOW , AWESOME !! 
has lost count of how many boats he's seen heading up river ... 
That was a definite fail < PROPFIRST > . FAIL . Bros before hoes man . 
A GO GETTER MAYBE I’M NOT \ 
I’M NOT KNOWN FOR DOIN’ A LOT \ 
BUT I DO MY BEST WORK WHEN THE WEATHER’S HOT \ 
I’M PRETTY GOOD AT DRINKIN’ BEER 
Why does one always turn into a couple , and a couple always turn into a lot , and then into too much ? 
Oh boy , here comes the sun !!! 
Rock n Roll ain't noise pollution !! 
Made it back down river . Pretty sweet trip , little wet though . 
What a long damn night ... 
Lil Wayne < Eminem 
Good night last night , my dad is going to be hurting today though . 
Halo : Reach and a new Itouch are on their way . Yeehaw !! 
Oh the wind is lashing lustily , \ 
And the trees are thrashing thrustily , \ 
And the leaves are rustling gustily , \ 
So it's rather safe to say , \ 
That it seems that it may turn out to be , \ 
It feels that it will undoubtedly , \ 
It looks like a rather blustery day today , \ 
It sounds that it may turn out to be , \ 
Feels that it will undoubtedly , \ 
Looks like a rather blustery day today 
We touch , I feel a rush , we clutch , it isn't much\ 
\ 
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us\ 
It's lust , it's torturous , you must be a sorcerous\ 
Cause you just , did the impossible , gained my trust 
When trying to acheive a goal , never say i can't , it shows how weak you really are . Never say i'll try , it gives you a way out . Always say i will , that way if you do somehow fail , you did your damndest to accomplish said goal , and no one can take that away from you . 
From the sounds of it , i got the job . Just has to pass through the board . < PROPMALE > said he would get me something official in a couple days . 
Expendables this weekend !!! 
Eff the postal service . I know my package is behind there , its been saying delivered on my package tracking since yesterday morning !! Get a move on it !! 
So i let duke out for a few minutes last nihgt , he comes back in , and he had been bitten by another dog ! idk whos dog it was , or what exactly happened , but now duke has a couple of holes on the front of his left shoulder . Its just strange because duke doesnt have a mean bone in his body and never wants to fight another dog ... 
Wrestling starts tommorow ! 
Mondays and Tuesdays are now my worst days . Morning practice at six , work at 11 till three , afternoon practice 4-6 , then back to work 7-11 . JOY !!! 
Honestly , i have no idea where that came from . It was the end of practice , and i start preaching to the kids about dedication , honor , pushing yourself to the limit . I felt like i was channeling coach garrison lol . As close to an out of body experience as ive ever had . We'll find out tommorow morning how much of it sunk in when i see how many show up for morning practice . 
Finally , the end to a long day . Time to wind down by listening to < PROPFIRST > Santanas Supernatural album . 
Just watched two old animated movies , < PROPFEMALE > -Tiki-Tavi and the lion < PROPMALE > . Was only going to watch < PROPFEMALE > , but i started watching lion < PROPMALE > and I just couldnt help myself . 
My sister and I have been trying to get < PROPFEMALE > to say uncle for weeks , i tell her to say snake once and she has no problem . Go figure . 
Is pumped that halloween is coming !! 
Is honestly about to destroy his blackberry . Its given him nothing but trouble , he's already gotten a new one already , and this ones rollerball just stopped working . For no effing reason at all . If it keeps it up , it's getting a twelve gauge slug through it's screen . 
when its warm it taste's real crappy \ 
but cold beer will make me happy \ 
when I throw up on the floor \ 
I can go and drink some more \ 
they say beer will make me dumb \ 
it are go good with pizza 
The guys : \Coach 
Happy 10-10-10 !! 
Double bacon cheeseburger from < PROPFEMALE > c ... Bliss . 
Wow , shitty day ... R.I.P. Duke , 10-5-8 to 10-14-10 . Gunna miss you boy . 
Long day , but the guys did good . Lots to work on though . 
Phone is dead , no charger . Good thing I have my touch and there's wireless . 
Snooki want smoosh smoosh !! 
Isn't going to be here for halloween . Slightly pissed about that . 
I'm gone man , solid gone . 
Harbor Banquet ... win all around . 
Wants to give all his wrestlers 10$ and a piece of cake 
Why am I sick ? Talk about bad timing . I can only hope that I don't infect the team . 
Run to the hills , run for you life !!! 
Got a boat ... fo free !! 
Was walking around the < PROPFEMALE > center today , and was bored , so I donated blood . Figured it was a good use of my time . 
Has come to realize that it's a good thing that wrangell doesn't have a fast food chain , because I would weigh 500 pounds . 
Leave for the big duck hunt tommorow . Yeehaw !! 
Punkin Chunkin !! 
Honestly KSTK , whats gotten into you ? Your playing the weirdest mix of songs ever today . Some are even from this year ! Others ... not so much . 
Rock out to the 80's all day ? Sounds like a plan . 
Anyone else realize that Linkin Park has really sold out ? I like the old Linkin Park a lot better . 
Its times like these that we need friends and family more than ever . R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > , my thoughts and prayers go out to you and your family . 
Wrestling is over , now time to get back into shape . Gym time !!! I can hear disturbed playing in the background already . 
Do I really look like a guy with a plan ? You know what I am ? I'm a dog chasing cars . I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it . You know , I just ... do things . 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > party ... Good times !!! 
A hangover = your pennance for such a fun night . 
Give a bunch of guys a four-wheeler and a couple sleds , and we will entertain ourselves for the the night , no problem . 
IT HAS BEGUN !! Good thing its a clear night in the AK . 
The boys are back in town !!!! 
MMMMM hot buttered rum . 
Come on snow !! 
\Well you walk into a restaurant 
Anyone in seattle area , my pup is going to be coming through there here in the next week or so , the problem is that he's coming in on American Airlines and coming here on Alaskan , and the airlines won't transfer him over . Is there someone in the area that can pick him up and deliver him to Alaskan Airlines ? 
Can't wait till tomorrow morning !! 
Come on < PROPFIRST > , two interceptions in the first quarter ?? Pick it up . 
Plow time !! 
Its snowing so much i can't even keep up with the plow . The docks i plowed this morning have a new batch of snow just as deep . 
Phone fell out of truck when i got out to check how much room i had while i was plowing , probably in a snow berm now . FML ... 
