shweeet ........................ 

given enough time i can make anything possible . 
i cant count cards and im not particularly skilled at poker , but if you sit down to play a game with me i will always beat you because im the luckiest person in the world 
cinnamon skin be bringing sin to my mind 
i hate skittles so fuck you !!!!!!!! 
i have a pet rat that is the shit 
shit that hella sucked :( 
you wanna go out sometime ? 
revelations !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
punk-tuation is for punks 
and then he said the < PROPFEMALE > was made of cheese , and thats when i knew he was full of shit . the moral of the story is that some times a story has no truth to it . 
and ah weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
do you hookah ? why yes .... yes i do . 
dont fuck with me .... i have a grenade .... or three 
i can juggle , do magic , play an array of musical insturments and just about anything esle you can thing of ....... but the one thing i can not do is start a normal conversation with a very nice girl . thats just sad . 
beauty beauty beauty , theres nobody near me , there never was . 
i dislike everything right now 
ghetto ass egyptians 
dang i miss you . 
its good to know that where ever you are the sky is still blue . 
I DONT KNOW 
gurrrrrrrrrrrr . everyone sucks 
nothing is as i intended . i ment to be different . 
if every thing is the wrong thing , than how the hell am i supposed to do the right thing ? 
yepppers 
haha youre right . gettin on 
i notice thee most obvious thinks some much later than everyone else ... haha oh well better late than never i guess :D 
imma ninja my way threw the day 
thank you all for the bithday wishes everyone !!!!! 
im now looking forward to sunday 
Hold me too tight stay by my side and let me be the one who calls you baby all the time ~ the used 
welcome too .... your very own .... welcome welcome 
swirling cloudes of this and that 
people are bastard coated bastards with bastard filling 
MY HARDER LEMONADE !!!!! its way harder than your lemonade :D 
you are in much need of an oubliette . 
Did you know that pumpkins are the only living organisms with triangle eyes ? 
Did you know that rhinoceroses are just big , fat , white trash unicorns ? 
great balls of sack ! i think i figured out what i want to go to school for . shit , its about time . 
yeah ! 
Did you know that you can't throw away a garbage can ? 
is building a mosque at ground zero any worse than building a church on a indian reservation ? Manifest Destiny .... beotch !!!!!!!!!! 
i see so much , yet i understand so little . 
Did you know that elbow meat is the exact same texture as an 86 year old woman's nipple ? 
Barnacles are the < PROPMALE > Campbell's of the sea . 
im really a black man . 
holy peanuts ! i wish i could be in to places at once ...... i could be at taco < PROPFEMALE > and at the same time i could be at pizza hut , with out being at the combination taco < PROPFEMALE > and pizza hut . oooh the gift of bi-location 
whats on my mind ? the same shit thats always on my mind ...... hair . god damn your dumb . 
mi llamo towelie 
i dont know why im so pissed about these things . 
lets see ... what is the least important uninteresting tid-bit of my life that i want to share with the world via facebook ..... i got ! Today i was . well ? what do ya think ? all day today i was . i existed and too how many of you out there did my being here influence your day ? how important do you think you are to the world ? 
i keep getting lost in these back alleys of life .... 
im incharge of the rubberbands 
logic and reason far to often take the back seat to emotion and impulse . but hey , thats what makes life so intersting . 
im so hungry .... imma eat you darn it 
Gazebo is way too good of a word to waste on a house with no walls 
im my spare time i build jetpacks ..... i just became way cooler than you 
I SAID MORE COW < PROPFEMALE > GOD DAMN IT !!!!!!! 
that new force unleashed game looks shweet 
i built a jet pack in a week .... stange 
feed me < PROPMALE > ..... 
if i had a dime for every time a homless man asked me for spare change id still say no .... 
Breathe in for luck , breathe in so deep , this air is blessed , you share with me . \ 
This night is wild , so calm and dull , these hearts they race , from self control . \ 
Your lips are soft , as they graze mine , we're doing fine , we're doing nothing at all . 
you know what would have if you breed fire flies with dragon flies ? you would have < PROPFEMALE > flying lightsabers . 
you're chasing the ghost of a good thing , haunting yourself as the real thing \ 
It's getting away from you again , while you're chasing ghosts . 
How many communion wafers you would have to eat to consume a whole Jesus ? 
its almost done suckas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and it turned out purdy good i think . 
and then my fist was all like \BLAM ! \ " and your face was all like \ " SPLAT ! \"" 
t . v told me i have to see the final saw movie ..... give me $10 ... its gods will .... or the t . v . ' s .... either way gimme the dallars . ( side note : it looks like a terrible movie . ) 
so last night i was kickin it with jesus ( the son of god , not the one from south of the boarder ) and jesus said unto me \go forth my child and cut your hair for you look to be a hippy\ " ..... really jesus ? really ? you think im the one who needs a hair cut ? whatever dude . " 
cuttin pumpkins and scarin ghosties 
damn i wish i could be a gangsta ........ 
sweet baby snakes 
..... blah .... 
We live in an in-between universe\ 
Where things change all right\ 
But according to patterns , rules , \ 
Or as we call them , laws of nature 
incoming transmission ...... you suck ...... end transmission . 
still trying to figure out where i am and decide where i want to go . 
we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively . 
damn ..... slept away another day . 
opptimistic . because the universe tends to unfold as it should . so while i may not be where i want to be at this time in my life i know that eventually ill get to where im going and some day ill be happy . 
if i ever catch this bug in my room im gonna squish him real good . 
damn .......... ninjas ...... 
my laser gun goes PEWwww !! PEWwwww !! and i goes to wal-mart . 
do you realize that every day i go to work i zap shit with a phaser ? im like a real life captain < PROPMALE > .... 
its strange ... the way these things keep appearing , so constant and frequent . i want something new . 
gimme a tube of toothpast and a can of air freshener and ill kill a small army of < PROPFEMALE > flies !!!!!!!!!!!!! fuck you bug youre gonna die !!!!!!!!!!! 
fuck you . 
Remember when I moved in you ; the holy dark was moving too , and every breath we < PROPFIRST > was Hallelujah 
and god said let there be nukes 
\I see you driving ' round town with the girl i love and i'm like 
How many bubbles are in a bar of soap ? 
i have a loaf of potato bread and a shit load of top ramen ...... im gonna make a top ramen sandwich . o_O 
its sad to see so many people in power being so ignorant . 
dang its been a long day 
damn :( 
i miss my hat :( 
HAHAHAAHHAHHAha hahaha ha ..... ha and ya know what ? maybe its because you never knew me at all . 
I don't want a surly character sitting next to me praying to a god that's not my god in an angry fashion . 
F#$@ you pringles man . 
i wish i could pack my backpack and just walk away from all of this . i need an adventure . 
i'm a man of many hats . many many hats , that you'll never see . 
puttin ' my school hat back on . 
\life\ " .... the worlds longest and most difficult obstacle course . " 
< PROPFEMALE > little pimp in a thimble ... smacking his hoes with a daffodil stem . 
who wants to give me some money so i can go to school ? how about you mister president ? can you work me in to that budget of yours ? 
i love you all and theres not a darn thing you can do about it . 
gettin a second job as an Expeditor . 
finish my expeditor test . ill know in a few days if i got the job . other than that . the guy next to me has the stranges accent . 
chill out cause in the end all the little thing that are getting you pissed dont really matter . 
got damn ... car crash , muffed up collar bone , smashed christmas tree , but hey , we're alive . lesson to be learned ? if youre gonna flip a truck wear a seat belt and strap down the trees . 
ooooohhhhhh yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
got damn shes amazing . 
shit ... i lost my phone . in the mighty snow banks of < PROPMALE > valley ! 
sometimes a cigar is just a cigar . 
this whole thing is strange . 
if i could remeber half the things i hear i might give a shit about the things you say . 
Yeah school 
All I've ever wanted , see , was to tell you honestly I'd do anything for you . I'd do absolutely anything for you . 
I was to nervous to say hi . 
WHY ? well that's just the way things are . \ 
Well i say fuck that . I'm Gonna do my shit the way I want 
You can lie , but you're soaking in sin . When you die , let your < PROPFEMALE > begin 
WIN !!!!!!!... fun day . fun people . 
i need you in my brains 
Gurrrr ..... 
eternally optimistic because right now it's all i've got . 
some times you just gotta say fuuuuuck ittttttt . call me when you get over this self-centered phase youre goin through . 
must have internets .... 
YEAH YOU GOT SWEET LOVIN ' STILL HOT FROM THE OVEN ALL THE MUFFINS THAT A MAN COULD < PROPFEMALE > 
DO MY NAILS BITCH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
dreaming of you 
abssssssinthe 
Oh oh , I am in love again Oh oh , I am consumed by it Oh oh , I am in love again Under-drugged and overdone . 
Mmmmm muffins ....... 
Comic con bitches !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My eye feels gross 
Well .... alright then .... 
spring break ? heck yeah it is 
More snow ?.... awsome ... 
Andaaaaaaa .... weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
Poooooooooooooop 
