working in < PROPFEMALE > for 1 more week 

still in < PROPFEMALE > , 6 more days to go ! 
Glad to be home ! 
Any nurse out there who wants new job ? There are openings throughout state of GA with my company and we've been asked to help find someone for case manager position ( < PROPMALE > and Atlanta ) for a < PROPMALE > insurance company . 
just rolling with the punches and wondering whats coming next . 
kids had a great b-day party ... thanks everyone 
off today and you would know I was up by 715 . Don't you hate that !! 
IS READY FOR A VACATION !! 
still sick ... how long does this crap last ? 
....... day #5 and counting 
finally better today and was able to go back to work . Afterwards wish I could have put it off another day or 2 ... but then the mess would have been just that much worse . 
thank God its FRIDAY !!!!!!!!! 
thanks everyone fr the birthday wishes ! 
have huge decision to make and either way it will effect others . please pray that I make the right choice . 
never knew the kids would have so much fun in the spa tub ... should have done this years ago .. lol 
I do not like drama and seems my life is full of it lately ... if it gets any worse I think I will go insane . everyone keep praying- I made a decision , it was lose-lose either way for some of my \girls \"" 
today hasn't started out any better , but the kids are off to school , < PROPFIRST > off to freeze in the deer woods , and hi ho its off to work i go 
good lord when is this weather gonna be over ..... hurry up spring ! 
people soon forget what you have done for them ... or atleast until they need you again . 
so glad to be home today , but glad I got to see my grandmother while I was in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the first entry under your comments put the meaning for your name ... 
its past my bedtime .... why aren't these patients asleep by now .. gggrrrr 
Superbowl Sunday ... Am I the only one in the world that could care less ? 
To celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s Day , change your profile picture to one of you and your spouse/significant other and tell how long you've been together . 
MIDDLE NAME ONLY ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' middle names are . Copy and paste this onto your profile , and then put your middle name at the end of this sentence < i DON'T ACTUALLY HAVE ONE > 
anyone looking for new vehicle go see folks at tennesion nissan ( used to be interstate nissan ) and tell them I sent you ...... i will need the referral cash to make my payment .. hahaha 
ok , so i guess something has hacked into my fb and sending out virus ... do not open you tube link ... i didn't send it !!! 
well after all day and over 100.00 i think my computer is free of virus ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > for telling me about those messages cause lord knows how long it would have took before i would have noticed . although the pop-up porn sites today would have been a clue . 
Taterbug is sick , vomited earlier now running fever . wonder how long before the rest of us comes down with it . Dang I am just too busy with work to get sick ! 
finally made it to < PROPFEMALE > . I saw tons of deer tonight . thank goodness I made it here without hitting one of them . 
on the road again ..... next stop is < PROPFEMALE > 
glad to be home ... ready for the weekend . 
No stove for atleast a week ! ( its broke , can you believe that ? ) oh well , bout to head to town for some grub 
on the road again to < PROPFEMALE > . sure hope my guardian angel can keep up lol 
soooo tired ... i need a vacation ! 
So much to do and so little time to get it done ... any volunteers ? 
is exhausted !!! 
had a good day today .... thank goodness 
why is it that any given night you see all kinds of people riding with their fog lights on and then when it foggy outside you just about run over people because they don't even have on their headlights ... stupidity kills me . 
happy mother's day ! 
SO READY FOR BED ... SOMETIMES I WOULD LIKE TO KILL SOME OF THESE PATIENTS 
chilling at the pool with the kids ! 
bad day at work yesterday lets all pray that today goes better . 
had good weekend off now off to work ( first day of 14 ) 
missing < PROPFIRST > . so ready for him to come home . 
so much to do and can't talk myself into any of it 
its true-My car window was smashed and my purse ( and everything everyone also tells u not to keep in there ) was taken in middle of day yesterday . I was left with only a quarter , cell phone , and keys ........ I hope they catch the sorry A**holes . 
missed my flight yesterday so drove to IN . still 2 hrs from destination and 2 hrs behind ...... what next ? 
ohio this am but < PROPFEMALE > by this afternoon . will b glad to get home 
So glad to have finally made it home . 
finally home . omg what a day 
can't wait for friday to get here . 
headed to Seaworld tomorrow and thunderstorms predicted all weekend ... that's just my luck . 
< PROPFIRST > is 10 today , man I am getting old . Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
conversation on waytto school this am ... -tyler : have gun will travel . me : what are u talking about tyler:that's a show I watch with poppa . Hailey : Gunsmoke , starring < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ... pow ... pow . tyler : bonzana is the best .... just don't know why they had to kill off < PROPFIRST > ( LOL ) Thank Goodness for Poppa and Encore Western channel 
is it friday yet ? 
Well Friday is over ... Hope that Saturday doesn't pass so fast . 
almost in waycross ... can't wait to get home ! 
is wishing I could have stayed in bed this morning . 
bonfire with kids :) 
< PROPFIRST > stole rocks from national park . what r kids facinated with rocks ? seems I remember someone else stealing rocks . lol 
no lights .. and yes I paid the < PROPMALE > ( this month ) lol 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone , try not to eat too much ! 
#2 - the best friend any one could ask for . we always have the best time , will never forget all our crazy adventures ! 
can someone plzzzzzzzzzzzz tell me why we can't go one afternoon without one of the kids screaming/crying- grrrrr . I think I need meds 
OMG ... I hate Target ! 
Had a great time tonight at my SURPRISE Birthday party . Thanks Everyone . I still can't believe everyone kept the secret . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
so tired , sure hope I will be able to get everything done 
grilled cheese sandwich and cereal-dinner of champs 
My work ( Secure Care ) , has partnered with American Diabetes Association in a fundraising event called Kiss a Pig . We R selling \Scentsy\ " ( home/car fragrances ) . All proceeds are going to < PROPFEMALE > . Pls help support us by making a purchase . They make great gifts . visit libbiecollins.scentsy.com ( click our link ) or contact me to order . " 
2nd fundraiser-Rada Cutlery . Please help us raise money for < PROPFEMALE > ( Diabetes Association ) . order online at helpourfundraiser.com ( order #503061 password : kisspig ) or contact me . Last day 2/28/11 . orders will arrive by 3/15 . 
Don't forget to order Scentsy warmers or Rada knives to help us raise money 4 Amer . Diabetes Assoc . We are also looking for T-shirt sponsers for the 5K fundraiser event ( march ) . If you are interested in any of the fundraisers let me know or helpourfundraiser.com ( #503061 /kisspig ) or libbiecollins.scentsy.com ( kiss a pig party ) to order online . repost if you'd to help efforts 
Last day for Scentsy fundraiser is Tuesday ( 2/1 ) . please let me know ( or see previous posts ) if you want to order to help our efforts for American Diabetes Association . They smell wonderful and its for a good cause ! 
