So I have been informed by my family that I am obligated to do a triathlon with my sis for her 30th B-day at the end of june ... guess I better start training : ) 

I lost my phone and all of my < PROPFIRST > please send me your number ! my new number is 805-444-1302 
Please send me your < PROPFIRST > ! I lost my phone . My new number is 805-444-1302 . 
Think I might go trekking tomorrow in the San < PROPMALE > mountains . Maybe stay 2 nights . Definitely time to get out of the city . 
I got HIGH this week ... that is 10,834 feet high . California's second highest peak , Mt . San < PROPMALE > . Yay ! 
I am in San < PROPFIRST > for my birthday tomorrow until Tuesday morning . Let me know if you would like to meet up ! I would love to see everyone ! 
Thank you everyone for the great birthday wishes ! I ended up going whale watching and seeing 6 Blue Whales ! 
I'm sleepy and am going to take a nap now . good night . 
My internet is down and back and down again . Just in time for school . 
I am glad that my internet is now definitely fixed . Thanks Avi ! 
Wondering if anyone needs a ride to humboldt . Leaving La on the 3rd for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s wedding and I am more then happy to pick people up on the way . 
Watching 56 standup comedians live in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in 12 hrs is way to many . Just in case anyone was thinking of doing it . I think I will be ready to see another one in about 56 weeks . 
I'm Hot ! Its 94 degrees out ! 
Just got back from a beautiful walk at the Arcata marsh with my dad and am headed over to 3 foods for dinner . My favorite Arcata Restaurant , Yummmm !!!! And tomorrow going to a great wedding ! LIfe is good ! 
Wow , Rain ! I had almost forgotten what that was ! Hopefully some of it will reach LA . 
It was so nice to reconnect with friends and eat great veggie food ! Had one of the best girls night out ! I now have tenative plans to go surfing , bicycle touring/ wine tasting , running a 10 k in november and a possible new adventure job ! Yay to new and old friends ! 
I'm sick and feel yucky : ( 
Does anyone want to bring me a toasted everything bagel with cream cheese and tomato ? Please : ) 
I love the rain .... 
I know I live in Los < PROPFEMALE > when I go to a Halloween party that has me park at their stables and has someone pick me up in their golf cart to take me up to the mile long driveway to the house and pool house and view over looking the city ... and it is not even that strange to me . 
Woohoo ! I am getting business cards . Does that make me a grown up ? 
Is homework , homework and more homework until my head explodes ! 
Is on a roll ! 
I am thankful for the lady who saw me about to put money in the parking pass console and then gave me her parking pass and super close parking spot today ! Thanks ! 
is still studying ........ one more week and then maybe I will find the time to buy a new battery for my car which died 2 days ago . Of course it died when it was pouring rain and I am now riding my bike in the freezing cold . Literally , there was frost yesterday morning . WTF I thought I lived in LA ! Though really I like the cold weather and rain . Part of me will always remain an east coast girl at heart . 
I'm back ! The new plug for my computer arrived today ! 
Happy New Years Everyone ! I have a good feeling about 2010 ! 
I think my favorite thing about Los < PROPFEMALE > is the number of out of town friends that come through here ! 3 in 2 weeks ! 
I am relieved to hear that my Humboldt County family and friends are okay after a 6.5 earthquake ! 
School starts today ! 
2ND ANNUAL ANTI-VALENTINES DAY PARTY ! I am hosting the 2nd annual V-Day Party ! Same amazing time , new location . I now live in Cerritos ( near Anaheim ) and have access to a huge club house ! But firstly , I have to decide upon a day and would like your opinion . Valentines day falls on a Sunday this year . Do people want to have the party on Saturday or Sunday ? For now the club house is available either day . 
Crazy ! There was a Tornado Warning in LA today . It never made it to the shore . The warning has now been canceled . Got to love < PROPFEMALE > SO CAL . LOL .. 
I just heard my first emergency broadcast on the radio ... It was not a test . 
Another Tornado in < PROPFEMALE > SOCAL today . This time it hit Ventura . It is becoming a regular event down here . 
Bye , Bye facebook . See you when the semester ends . 
Ok , I'm back facebook . I couldn't stay away . I don't think I look like < PROPFEMALE > Heigl but if the computer say's it true then It must be true . Hehe .. 
Anyone know of any calculus based physics tutors near Cerritos , Ca ? Long Beach would work fine too . 
I don't get on the computer for a day and Humboldt County has a second 6.00 earthquake in as many month ! Crazy ! Everyone ok ? 
BANK OF < PROPFEMALE > IS EVIL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THEY CHARGE YOU OVERDRAFT FEES FOR STILL PENDING PURCHASES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yay ! movie night : ) 
It's Multiple Sclerosis Awareness week ! Be Aware ! 
do not think I have ever been more appreciative of a B on a midterm before now . YAY !!! 
I made it !!! Spring break is here ! 
Im not ready to say goodbye to spring break ... too short ! 
Count down begins ! May 27th San < PROPFIRST > ! May 28th Arcata ! I want to see everyone ! Pretty please send me a line if you will be around / have time to < PROPFEMALE > out . Yay !!! 
Wish me luck tomorrow ! Finals here I come ! 
Any of my brilliant friends know how to do these ? \ 
a particle with a charge of 4.0 uC has a mass of 5.0 x 10^-3 kg . What electric field directed upward will exactly balance the weight of the particle ? 
I Passed Physics !!!!!! YAY !!! 
Come visit me this Sunday at the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Spring Swap meet ! I will be there doing glitter tattoos and sunscreen mist ! 
Glitter makes me happy ! 
Is back ! 
My phone got stolen : ( please send me your < PROPFIRST > . 
Does anyone have an extra at&t phone lying around I could have ? 
Got a phone ! same number . text me your < PROPFIRST > please . 
The phone I have is temporary so still looking for an at&t phone ... 
Anyone want to come over and get a free glitter tattoo ? I need some models . 
My day : class 7am-10am , counselors office 10:05 am , math department 10:30 am , stalk my professor during his class break at 11:30 am . met him in his office at 1pm , math deans office 1:15 pm , told to come back at 3pm , came back and was told to go to the counselors office , who told me to go to the admissions office , who told me to go to the deans office and then back to the math departments office . Go me ! 
Hmmm .... any suggestions on what I should do for my birthday on the 27th . I will probably celebrate it the weekend before . 
3 hours and 40 minutes until my Birthday ! 
still studying ..... 
For better or worse , is done studying .... 
Went to see the Perseid meteor shower in the Mojave desert Thursday night . It was beautiful ! 
8 hours of homework done ..... check\ 
Resume sent ........ check\ 
ready for bed .....? yes ! 
Has a job ! 
is living and learning ...... kinda 
If you want to impress me with your speaking skills do not tell me you speak good .... 
is moving to LB .... Packing is so much fun . At least it is a good excuse to get rid of some stuff . 
Thank You < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > for helping me move Yesterday ! I couldn't have done it without you ! 
Just saw a puppy get run over by 2 cars : ( 
I have my ticket for Montreal ! Yay !!!! 
I will be having a house warming brunch/potluck at my new place on Sunday starting at noon . Send me a message if you would like to come . I will send you my Address . 
I wish the people that just smashed my car window had better timing ! 
Does anyone near Torrance need a job ? Customer service , sales , VERY HIGH CALL VOLUME ..... stressful , but potential to make a lot of money . Let me know . 
I will be at the Fullertons Farmers Market tomorrow doing Glitter Tattoos ! Come Visit me at theOktoboofest event where we have costume parades , a pumpkin decorating contest and trick or treating at vendor booths ! 
The Farmers Market was great . Glitter and < PROPFEMALE > a perfect combination . To bad I didn't get any of the < PROPFEMALE > : ( . Thanks for the help < PROPMALE > !!!! 
Can't find my phone .... Message me if you want to get a hold of me 
Success ! I managed to get my whole office sick !!! Woo hoo ... 
Wow , I just took apart my bed moved it and put it back together again by myself .... I guess you have to know my bed ( a sleigh bed ) to truly appreciate this but trust me it was a lot of work ! 
Shoot ... Jury duty tomorrow and kinda forgot to mention it to work .... 
Jury Duty was sooo much fun . Met a couple of cool people and spent the whole time laughing and my case got resolved before they needed us ! I want to do it again . : ) 
damn ... not fired . Promoted ... 
This is my friends project ... I know a lot of you are graduate students . This is definitely something to keep in mind . www.docuthesis.com 
There are no windows missing from my car : ) 
I leave tomorrow for Nor Cal ... I will not be bringing my lap top . ( I need a computer break ) If you need to reach me , call .... 
I made it home just in time to go to work ! Wow , that was rough driving .... 
Hmmm ... I was going to ride my bike to school today to save gas money . Glad I checked first . School is closed today for MLK observance . It would have been funny arriving there and realizing that I had embarked on a 26 mile ride for nothing . Well not for nothing . It is a beautiful day out . I may just go on a bike ride anyway . 
So lets try this again .... \ 
beautiful weather .... check\ 
working bicycle .... check\ 
bike lights ... check\ 
directions to school thanks to google bike map ... check\ 
actually have class today ... check\ 
sounds like I have no excuses not to go on a 25 mile bike ride 
Pay it forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade/homemade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . You must in turn post this and send something you make to the first 5 people who comment on your status . The rules are that it must be handmade/homemade by you and sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 ... 
i'm having an impromptu margaritas , glitter and nail polish party this afternoon with Carmen !!!!... would anyone like to join us ? It is a beautiful day so I figure I will take it out to my yard . She is coming over around 1:30 . Let me know if you want my address . 
Just registered up for the groupon long beach boot camp class that I purchased a while ago ! 3 days a week 5:30 am . I am going to get my ass kicked !! 
Going to check out LACC today ... see if I can add some extra classes . 
