is at work thinking of someone and wishing she was there instead of here . Life seems a little crazy at times but somehow I think it is all falling into place just perfectly . 

thinks that she's addicted to PostSecret and FoundMagazine 
is thinking that she can totally handle a 2 week summer course ..... I hope 
is wishing there was a book club around here ... 
is at USI for the start of her 2 week class :( I'm not to worried just wish it would freaking cool off already ! 
is watching Obsessed on A&E hmmm I think I have strange interests in television shows 
is going to bed day 2 of class tomorrow 
is off to school see ya all later ! 
is at school for class be available after 5 if you need me hit the cell . 
is wondering if certain people actually like her or not ..... 
is going to bed one more day of class this week , then work tomorrow , saturday and sunday and then 4 more days of classes . Wow has been a busy week ! 
survived the first week of school 
thinks if one more person calls in to work today she may just scream ... 
is headed to bed 4 more days of class ahead of me . 
is getting ready to head to the office of Family School and Community Partnerships downtown for class . 
is finished with homework .... 4 hours later .... going to bed night all ! 
is sad that her time at Carver is coming to an end ....... :( 
is headed for her last day of class for 2 weeks ...... damn guess that means I'm going to be working more 
thinks her family was disappointed in the fact that she didn't go out for the fourth of july ........ :( 
wooo I got an A in my Family Schools and Community Partnerships class !! 
Goodnight everyone ! 
is going \Aaahhhh I have to give a tour of Schnucks to 11 year olds for an hour ! What the heck am I going to do with them for an hour ?! \"" 
Id rather be anything but ordinary please 
is thinking I have got to be out of my mind to be thinking of doing this so late but I'm going to call the Psychology deptartment to talk about coursework ..... 
is going out to Fast < PROPMALE>'s and then somewhere for karaoke for < PROPFEMALE>'s 21st Birthday !!! Yay !! 
so I'm taking two psych classes , a soc seminar , and an education in the fall it should be an awesome semester ! 
hates her internet connection ! 
thinks she must be the only person not watching UFC tonight oh well guess I shouldve gone . 
decided to go work on some < PROPMALE > for a change of pace if you need me call my cell . 
work tomorrow 130 to 8 and only two more days to Louisville yay !!! 
work 230-1030 then < PROPMALE > Potter ! and tomorrow Louisville it's going to be a busy 48 hours but it'll be fun ! 
is preparing to leave and make the drive to Louisville see ya all later ! 
is heading to bed early working 630 to 230 then laundry and then < PROPFEMALE > Garden for < PROPFEMALE>'s going away party ! Busy day tomorrow ! 
has to be at work in two and a half hours and start school tomorrow ..... and they switched my spanish professor to the lady I had last semester so I can only hope I can get everything done quickly and painlessly as possible . 
starts school tomorrow at 8 and has to go to her second class without a book ick ..... 
survived the first day back at school hmm goin to be lots of work but hopefully I will survive . 
is getting ready for bed annoyed that she couldn't find her phone for most of the day but oh well . Guess thats what I get for shutting it off because I'm in class and then misplacing the dang thing . Going to bed soon gotta start the day all over again at 
is excited that < PROPMALE>'s parents will be here tomorrow . I love them like my own ! 
is beyond frustrated and hates being right sometimes .... 
is going karaoking tonight for the first time in a while ! Yay for friends I haven't seen in forever !!!! 
just woke up after 14hrs of sleep still not feeling well but i think the extra sleep helped . 
thinks what the heck else go wrong ? I show up early to work and my stepdad is in the hospital waiting to see whats going to happen with him . 
why the hell does Celtic Woman have to becoming here on October 10 when I'm going to be gone to Minnesota then thats just completely unfair ! :( 
is heading to bed 
is heading to starbucks for studying then to < PROPMALE>'s later on 
listening to Lost then Found strangely I like this song 
So when you get the < PROPMALE > Are you gonna take it ? There's a really big world at your fingertips And you know you have the < PROPMALE > to change it 
school 830-1 then work 230-1030 makes me really :( 
thinks kidney stones are the worst thing ever !! I have on that is 2mm I have to pass and let me tell you it hurts like hell 
saw a few meteors last night 
on the way to louisville if you need me message me or call me on the cell 
is thinking she's hungry and may go find some food .... 
is grateful for her boyfriend more and more everyday 
is back from a long day at the hospital 8:30 to 8:30 and is heading back in the morning ... 
grrrrr I'm majorely stressed out :( 
\ I don't want to spend my whole life asking : What if I had given everything ? Instead of going through the motions \"" 
one more day of work tonight 230-1030 then two days off followed by more work and a day at of volunteering at < PROPFEMALE > House :) then back to school on Monday 
is watching The Notorious < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > on IFC 
switched her < PROPMALE > to social work and is finally looking forward to going back to school things are finally starting to look up :) 
has to be at work in an hour there till 1030 so everyone else enjoy the rest of the day .... 
is up and getting ready for the first day of school 
has three classes out of the way and two hours till her last one . So far so good nothing to stressful 
starbucks then final class of the day woo hoo ! 
is realizing that obviously people you thought were your friends when you were younger don't end up being friends when your older ..... 
is getting ready for her day 12-6 work then hanging out with < PROPMALE > for the rest of the night then school tomorrow 8-150 and work 230-1030 ick 
is thinking she has a long night and weekend ahead of her . In class until 150 today then work 230 to 1030 , I work 630-230 the next two days and 12-715 on Labor Day . Thats it for work but then I have like six chapters of reading to do and a 4-5 < PROPFEMALE > paper all of which is due by tuesday or wednesday . I have no life this semester but I just keep telling myself it will be worth it in the end and at least it's enjoyable . 
is going to bed goodnight facebook 
is starting work on her Soc370 paper on Gender Socialization 
is feeling like banging her head against the desk damn online books ! 
FINISHED ! 
is going to bed gotta work early in the morning ! Goodnight all ! 
is heading out to get < PROPFEMALE > and meet up with < PROPFIRST > for a walk this morning and then some reading to do and then school from 6-845 so i'll be back later tonight 
is heading out to get lunch and then work 230-1030 
is at work on sunday morning have I told you just how much I hate sunday mornings here 
is thinking I can't believe I've been out of high school for five years already ... 
is hoping to maybe get to go to on a service learning trip to Jamaica over Spring Break waiting for details and then hoping they accept me . 
is thinking grrr ..... if someone messes up this trip I'm not going to be a very pleasant person to deal with . 
is listening to the tapping of keyboards in the computer lab gettin ready to head upstairs for psych class woo hoo 
is heading upstairs to finish reading her Social Welfare chapter before class starts at 6 plus I'm tired of freezing to death in the basement . 
If you are reading this , and even if we don't chat that often , please write(below ) one word that would best describe me to you . After you are done copy this to your status , you might be surprised at the response's you get . 
is watching Beauty and the Beast 
is excited that she is going in at 1030 instead of 130 and will be getting off at 530 yay !!! 
can't wait for next week !!! Please hurry up and get here I'm ready for fall fest and my vacation !!! 
is counting down the days till she gets to see everyone up North :D 5 and a half days left woo hoo !!! 
Did you know that 1 in every 4 women will experience domestic violence in her lifetime ? * Domestic violence is not only the battering of the body , but the battering of the mind and spirit as well . Help us raise awareness about this important issue ! Wear the color purple throughout this month and demonstrate your commitment to healthy families and relationships . 
is working on her paper on stalking for my Violence against Women classs 
7.5 hours till I leave for vacation !!! YAY !! No work for 4 days its going to be awesome !! 
thinks she has her spring semester figured out already and just has to call the advisor about the global communities class to figure out some financial details . 
is ready to go home .......... 
is in the library doing research woo hoo ! 
is highly irritated with facebook photo uploader i've tried twice and twice it tells me it was successful and then no pictures ! 
is highly irritated that her brakes on her car are grinding which means time for new ones . Problem I really don't have the time to get them done ! 
is thinking that she never has time to get on the internet anymore thanks to work and school :( 
is at school have a test then a couple of hours to myself then off to work I go :( Oh well at least tomorrow is Halloween !!!! :D 
has to work 230-1030 on a sunday boy will that be weird .... 
just registered for Spring classes and is getting ready to head out the door to school for the day ! Woo hoo for spending all day at USI ...... hmmm not really it gets super boring out there after a while :( 
just finished book one in Dark Visions its an amazing book !!! 
\I waited for you today But You didn't show No . No . No . I needed You today So where did you go ? You told me to call you said You'd be there And though I haven't seen You Are You still there ? \"" 
is tired of routine .... 
it is International To Write Love on Her Arms Day if you see me walking around with love wrote on me this is why . Take a minute to think of all those suffering with addictions , depression , and self-harm and keep them in your thoughts they need to know that they are not alone . 
The performance is convincing And we know every line by heart Only when no one is watching Can we really fall apart But would it set me free If I dared to let you see The truth behind the person That you imagine me to be 
is thinking she's going to get back up in a few hours to check out the meteor shower :D 
is heading to bed . GN facebook ! 
is ready for tonight Twilight watching at Shawnas and then New < PROPFEMALE > at midnight yay !!!!! 
is cracking up over < PROPFIRST > Lamberts performance on the AMA's . Wow guess I should watch television more often . I think its great he went out and did what he wanted but I see what caused the uproar . Geeze it was just a little artistic creativity people .... 
is getting ready to head out to Crawfordsville for Thanksgiving everyone have a great day tomorrow !!! 
back home had a great Thanksgiving vacation and sad to see it over so soon gotta go back to work tomorrow . 
is feeling pretty good funny how life works out sometimes :D 
What if angels did not pay attention to All the things that we wished they would always do What if happiness came in a cardboard box Then I think there is something we all forgot What would happen if presents all went away Tell me what would you find 
hey everyone keep my grandma in your thoughts please she had to have a hole drilled in her skull to relieve pressure on her brain . Going back to check on her tomorrow hope all is going to go well . 
just got done with ten hours at the hospital and still not sure exactly how grandma is doing .... guess we will see what tomorrow brings 
is really wanting to read some fruitsbasket today but I need the next books in the series and I don't own them yet :( 
is at school typing up her paper for tonight's class woo hoo 
is getting ready to head out to < PROPMALE>'s for the night . Grandma is still in ICU I just left a while ago and will be heading up first thing in the morning . Everyone keep her in your thoughts please . And thanks to all those who have been there supporting me it means a lot . 
is renting textbooks this year ! Its going to save me $161 ! 
I'll be waiting I'll be watching under a blue < PROPFEMALE > the taste of heaven only happens once in a blue < PROPFEMALE > 
okay seriously my family has had enough of hospitals in the past month . 
She is running A hundred < PROPMALE > an hour in the wrong direction She is trying But the canyon's ever widening In the depths of her cold heart So she sets out on another misadventure just to find She's another two years older And she's three more steps behind 
is thinking that christmas has a funny way of reuniting her with old friends three days before christmas it is the second year in a row it has happened ...... how odd 
is not ready for work today it is way to freaking early to be up after only 4 hours of sleep ..... oh well did it to myself 
Bury all your secrets in my skin Come away with innocence and leave me with my sins The air around me still feels like a cage 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! 
is going a little crazy but it will be alright in the end getting ready for work from 3-10 woo hoo ! I'd rather be doing what I did yesterday instead of working . 
yet another chapter in my life has ended time to get started on a new one . 
has to work 6-12PM tomorrow morning and then come home take down the tree before the new year and then I'm off to Vincennes for the night to ring in the New Year and I am hoping that it will be as amazing as I am hoping for ... 
Happy New Year !!!! 
I'm not too sure that I can go much father I'm really not sure things are even getting better I'm so tired of the me that has to disagree And so tired of the me that's in control 
says boo to the winter storm warning !! I have to go to work 3-10 and they're prediciting accumulating snowfall ! Do you know what people in southern Indiana are like when they say snow ?! 
Hot pink ... 
I know I'm missing someone when I'm listenin to music I normally don't listen to on my own ....... stupid snow ! 
headin to bed gotta work early in the morning . 
is getting ready to go to bed can't wait for Friday !! How do I make time go by more quickly ? 
WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable ( LOL ) we all were ! 
is goin to bed 
has a busy day planned : laundry right now then gotta grab lunch class from 4-515 , hair appointment at 630 to get my split ends trimmed up and then going to Hotts grill to < PROPFEMALE > with friends that I haven't seen in forever ! 
is back in Evansville for the week and then off to Vincennes for the weekend could be either a really fast week or a really slow one . I'm really hoping that it goes fairly quickly . 
is feeling blah today ...... 
Wet and Hard 
feeling blah if ya know what I mean anyone else ever get tired of feeling kinda empty 
is thinking that life is finally heading in the right direction and it feels amazing 
4hrs and 15 minutes before I can leave town ....... geeze I can't wait to get up there its going to be such a nice weekend 
2hrs and counting ..... ugh I hate when work is this slow it just drags on and on forever ! 
is with the bestie and then tomorrow back to Vincennes for another night ! :D Who woulda ever thought I'd enjoy going to Vincennes this damn much its not like theres anything to do there at all . 
back home for the weekend and my first day of work for the week is tomorrow ugh ... 
is thinking she really didn't want to come back to work and I'm here thinking about that certain someone and then somebody has to come in wearing an ICP hat and now I have songs stuck in my head that normally wouldn't be there . It is a very scary thing that I now know the songs well enough to be hummin them in my head :O 
okay so I'm over the snow already . I wanted it at Christmas and where the hell was it at ??! Now its end of January and its snowing again when I hate it because it puts a damper on my plans at times ! 
anyone else thinking there is more than 3 inches of snow out there ?!!! 
is at work and wishing she could go outside and have a snowball fight or build a snowman . At least if its going to snow I should get out and enjoy it a bit 
working 3-10 tonight 
bored at work on last break wishing this night would hurry up and get over with already 
is super excited in a month and three days I will be in Florida !!!! Woo hoo for vacation with my awesome boyfriend and getting to see family that I haven't seen in years now !!! :D 
is thinking she's going to go lay down in bed andhopefully go to sleep early tonight . Working 6-1 tomorrow and then driving to Vincennes to be with wonderful people ! 
is up and ready to go to work not really but the sooner its over the sooner i get to be with my guy 
really is tired of the snow ! It just needs to go away for good and March needs to hurry up and get here so I can be on a beach 
is worn out and cranky and very irritated with the NEW AND IMPROVED facebook !!! I am going to bed I need to be well rested for my exam in the morning . Hoping I do well considering its the only exam before midterms 
Happy Valentines Day everyone !!! It may be a couple of days before I'm back on so hope everyone has a great couple of days ! 
is slightly irritated at the arrival of being home for multiple reasons and is wondering when certain people are going to realize that I'm going to be 24 this year and that means that I'm responsible enough to deal with my own issues . 
woke up smiling this morning because i caught my favorite part of the notebook last night where they are dancing in the street and it just made me smile because I realized how perfectly things are going 
is getting ready to go work on some artwork before she heads to bed and then start the same old saturday routine tomorrow : 630 work and then laundry after that and then some other things later on in the night hopefully 
is listening to the best love story movie every The Notebook !! I love this movie ! 
okay going to curl up and watch the last hour of this movie and work on my drawing and then I'm headed to bed if you need me hit up the cell ! Goodnight everyone ! 
is doing some serious thinking about some things ..... thanks to everyone whose been there for me today ! I seriously have the most amazing boyfriend and friends in the world ! 
okay thats number two in two days !!! The stress level has to go down now and I'm hoping that tomorrow will be a better day ... 
8 days till Panama City ...... I can't wait to get there I'm hoping its the vacation that I need 
one would think that being independent status on the FAFSA would still make your EFC 0 ehhhhh wrong !!! Evidently they think that I am able to contribute to my college education making $9.60 an hour . 
is excited just realized I don't have to take more than four classes for any of the semesters I have left and am super excited about my pyschology class I am taking over the summer child psychopathology !! 
is going to go read a little bit before having to go to work tonight from 230-1030 woo hoo ! 2.5 days till I'm officially on vacation ! 
is at work wishing the night away at least I have company up here tonight and can't wait till I can be with my baby tomorrow !!! 
is at work bouncing off the freaking walls !! One should not be this hyper while working its kind of annoying on a positive note however I have been very productive and friendly to all my customers this morning ! 
just got back from seeing It's Complicated with < PROPFIRST > . I love having a best guy friend to drag to see chick flicks with me . Also it is officially 2 days and 23hrs until I leave for Florida which I'm looking forward to greatly . I'm making c < PROPFEMALE > es in my life and learning which people to < PROPFEMALE > onto and which ones to let go and I have let go of several today ... 
is sitting in a computer lab at school waiting on class to start for the first hour then have to take the midterm after that ughhh is this week ever going to be over ???? 
In 48hrs I will be sitting at a house in Florida ! I can't wait for this week off its going to be amazing ! However I have to do the unfun stuff of cleaning and packing in the morning before I head outta town ... in 18hrs I will be in Vincennes with my favorite guy in the whole world ! 
getting ready to leave for vacation will be leaving town tomorrow at 11am . IF you need me meaning its an emergency call my cell phone otherwise I will talk to you all when I get back ! Love ya all see ya when I get back on the 14th ! 
is back and in vincennes for the night seriously disappointed in the fact that I had to come back home .... however I missed some very important people in my life and will be happy to see them again ! 
is actually getting excited about the concert she's goin to on April 7 should be an interesting time ... :D 
is at work coughing her head off I'm really tired of the dirty looks I keep getting from customers . I mean I'm sorry I'm sick aand at work but thats just the way it is sometimes . Hoping I get some meds to make me feel better tomorrow ... 
is frustrated all to hell why can't people say what they have to say when things happen and not months down the road . I'm tired of feeling bad because of what other people think of the choices I am making in my life . I am trying to live my life and make myself happy and people need to learn to accept that . 
is going to be 24 tomorrow ..... I definetly don't feel like I should be 24 
\Real love stories don't have endings\ " - < PROPFIRST > Bach- thought this quote summed up why people shouldn't be looking for their happy endings ... " 
is amazed that even on my birthday some people will find a way to upset me and they are the ones who aren't supposed to do that .... 
is thankful for the people who have made the day turn out better ! 
Thanks everyone for the bday wishes ! 
long weekend ahead working 630-230 Saturday and Sunday and needing to start papers for school .... then working Monday night and then I get Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday off and I'm off to see my baby on Wednesday ! 
is slightly stressed about the current situation . Its hard not being able to be with the one you love when they are going through a tough time ... 
had a long night at work but luckily one of my last customers made up for it who knew I could have a 15 minute conversation with a random stranger about tattoos ? 
Have I gone mad ??? I'm afraid so . You're entirely bonkers . But I'll tell you a secret . All the best people are . ( My favorite quote right now from the new < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ! ) 
headed to Applebees with friends for a while catch ya all later ! 
Heading up North soon to be with my baby . See ya all when I get back on Friday ! 
is back in Eville for the weekend work the normal shifts and I have papers to complete this weekend and then I'm back to Vincennes on Monday ! 
is way beyond irritated at the moment ! Not thinking its goin to get any better anytime in the near future either . 
is thankful for having friends who stand by her even when others are acting like idiots . Also I am thankful for the amazing people that have recently come back into my life I am extremely lucky to have both of you again it feels like the old days and thats a very good thing ! 
just finished her paper woo hoo ...... good grief Saturday night cannot get her fast enough . 
ticked off beyond belief at this moment ! 
at least today was better than yesterday . I can't wait for Sunday to get here I love when I get to be with the best guy in the world and my wonderful friends at the same time ! 
its been an informative day now to see if I can put into application what I've been told ..... 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there through thick and thin , love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall ( and give you a much needed dose of reality or swift kick in the butt , if necessary ) then copy and post this to your status . She or he will know who they are . =) 
My phone is on the < PROPMALE > I am receiving texts but cannot reply to them if it is important call my cell 
Calling it a night trying to deal with all of this hopefully going to go right to sleep . 
eating dinner that I made for myself and curling up with movies for the night its an interesting feeling to get some free time to relax 
is feeling stressed and trying to work through it . Oh well 8hrs of work tomorrow and then I get to be with the best guy in the whole world for 3 days ! I <3 so very much ! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a \ 
man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , \ 
OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and \ 
reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , \ 
there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your\ 
woman CRY , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on \ 
your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
really stressed out and worried for a friend and now I have to go put in 8hrs at work so I really hope that I have nice customers today because I'm not in a mood for irritating and grumpy ones .... :( 
getting ready to go to work for 4 of my 12hrs this week . Then back to Vincennes tomorrow its feeling more like home all the time up there . <3 
is kinda bummed realized I'm going to be pretty poor for the next few weeks cuz I forgot about having to get license plates and then I have to go back to school on the 15th for a month :( . I just want to be back in Vincennes with the one I love . 
Having a rough night wishing I was in my baby's arms safe and sound and I have 3 days till I am able to be there again . It could be a really long 3 days ..... 
up for day 3 of my work week two more to go after this ...... 
is really freaking tired of this whole damn situation ..... 
2.5 hrs till work and then to Vincennes for 4 nights ! I can't wait to see my baby <3 
is kinda just feeling run down a bit but oh well it will pass eventually . Things will get better and I actually believe that right now . 
headed to bed .... work 130-8 and then 630-230 Sunday and Monday then back to Vincennes for another week . At least my schedule worked out so that I coudl have the week with him before I have to go back to school ..... stupid stupid school ..... 
anyone else ever feel like they're all alone ? 
pretty much has the nextfew days planned out in almost every aspect of it . 
headed to bed lots on my mind and wishing it would all go away for a while . 
has been up since 5am made it back to Eville by 7 done had breakfast and have to work 9 to 3 suprisingly I feel like its going to be a productive day . Also possibly thinking about trying out skydiving sometime in the future it sounds exciting and is something that I have been wanting to do for a while . 
is gettin ready to go jump in the pool 
feels like she had a protective day : was up at 5am , worked 9 to 3 , < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > , had dinner with my Dad and grandma , and then swam for 40minutes . Tomorrow work and laundry and dunno what else and then Sunday work and then my last trip to Vincennes for about a week at least :( 
is watching Supersize vs Superskinny on YouTube due to the lack of interesting things on TV and to many people being in the pool for me to want to go in . 
is trying to plan out what she has to do the next couple of days . I need to make sure I take some nice clothes so I can visit potentials and I am having lunch with my dad on monday . Cannot believe my summer class starts on Tuesday nor can I believe that me and my baby will have been together for six months at the end of the month . I have no idea where the hell the time has gone at all ! 
ANYTHING THAT CAN GO WRONG WILL GO WRONG 
getting ready to head to work ughhh checking till 1015 . And class at 8am in the morning got to love summer classes and work :( 
getting ready to head to bed have class at 8am ugh ...... what was I thinking ? Work 230-7 and then home to start on homework for thursday fun times right ?! 
bed class workout class relaxing tomorrow 
is going out for the first time in probably seven or eight months ! Last night of freedom thing I guess because I have to work the next 7 days and have a paper to write and a test to study for and laundry to do so I'm going to go and have some fun while I can ! 
day 2 of 8 ..... also 25cents well drinks not such a good idea or at least not the next morning . I think I remember why I don't go out very much anymore ..... 
is working on Critical Thinking Paper #1 ughhh why do I have to do critical thinking ? 
just realized she is officially poor for the next two weeks . I have about $20 to my name for almost 2 weeks that oughta be fun . At least thats figuring out the little bit of gas money I have to have . 
< PROPFEMALE > O'Keefe said , \I've been absolutely \ 
is waiting for class to restart had a class and have to back for lecture at 110 . 3 more nights of work and then I get to see my baby and hopefully have a really fun weekend !! 
2 nights left of work and then its Saturday !!!! I am so very thankful to be having a weekend off !! 
one more day and the weekend is here !!! I can finally say TGIF !!! Hope everyone's having a wonderful week 
has 12.5 hrs till her school and work week are over !!!! TGIF !!! 
The performance is convincing\ 
And we know every line by heart\ 
Only when no one is watching\ 
Can we really fall apart\ 
\ 
But would it set me free\ 
If I dared to let you see\ 
The truth behind the person\ 
That you imagine me to be 
Happy 4th everyone !! Headed to Vincennes for the next couple of nights hope everyone is enjoying their weekend ! 
is really really stressed out at the moment and is asking WHY ? :( 
still has a headache working from 230 to 730 then doing laundry and maybe hanging with < PROPFIRST > late tonight . 
is finally headed to bed ..... 
headed to bed have an early and busy morning planned tomorrow . 
Thats one of the few full length photos of myself that I have that I like . I wonder whats different in that picture than all the rest ??? 
realized how much of a nerd she can be when she caught herself watching the Research Channel learning more about Rett Syndrome oh well as long as I like it :) 
so chances are that if you know me well enough then you know that at the moment I'm in the middle of moving outta Evansville . Internet time will be kind of limited from now on so if you need me call my cell phone ! Love and huggles to you all ! 
If\ 
you have a wonderful man , who works hard to take care of u , would do \ 
anything 4 u , who makes u laugh , is your best friend , who u want to grow old w/ , always picks u up when you're down , who is your \ 
world and some1 that you're thankful for , then post this to your \ 
status and .... give them the recognition they deserve , because ... \ 
...... GREAT men are few and far between , and I have one 
okay so able to see the carpet in my room finally . Packed a giant bag and four boxes this evening . Should be able to throw the rest of it in boxes tomorrow . Home sweet home here I come ! I will however miss all of my amazing coworkers and friends and will be back to visit you all as often as possible !! Love and huggles to you all ! <3 
is at the library trying to enjoy her day off but has to clean two rooms when she gets home and still has to find time to do some laundry so much for the day off and i work the next 5 days in a row so woo hoo ! 
getting ready to go buy books for the semester ..... ugh i already know that it will be way to much money ! 
books are bought I have 3 maybe 4 days of work before I start school ! At least I should enjoy my first class bring on Abnormal Psychology !! 
starts school tonight am excited but also stressed out . It'll be the first night I've spent away from him in about a month and it will seem weird to be sleeping all alone :( . 
one class left till the first week of school is finished . It should be an interesting semester since my classes all have the same people in them except for one . Also Americorps opportunity coming up for USI/Ivy Tech students for tutoring people which I am really excited about the possiblity of participating in . 
My baby brother got married !!! 
Fallfest tomorrow school fall fest tuesday work school work work work ....... its going to be a long long week . 
work work work all weekend long sounds like fun right ? 
working on my policy paper .... who knew my hatred of No Child Left Behind when I was in school would end up being my policy paper topic . Should be interesting to analyze the program ... 
okay I'm trying to bang out my policy paper on No Child Left Behind and am thoroughly sick of it already . I still have four questions left to answer . Will the madness never end ? 
I think I may scream before the night is over ! 
DONE !!!! 
Children of Addicted Parents paper in progress ..... ughhhhh I hate papers ! 
schedule for next semester figured out all on Tuesdays and Thursdays again busy busy busy days but it will be alright . And I absolutely hate the fact that I have to waste time taking a P.E. course in college . 
just signed up for National Novel Writing Month haha I think I must be crazy but I am up for the challenge anyone want to join in go to http://www.nanowrimo.org/ 
Happy Halloween everyone !! Also tomorrow starts NaNoWrimo ! 
is working on her novel .... day 1 
963 words down for the day and thats a wrap I am going to head home 
hey ... can someone call Hotz and tell her that my house keys are still in her car .... before she gets too far home please . :(((( 
At VU working on novel yet again .... 
2,878 words written to date so a little bit behind but not to awful yet . 
getting lunch and preparing for a week of housesitting for my bro while he's on a honeymoon in florida ! which means I get internet for a whole week !!! 
is letting her mind think way to much at the moment 
is listening to the wind outside it's ridiculous 
is debating going to bed ...... 
just finished watching eat pray love ! My favorite quote from the book and movie is that \God dwells within you as you \"!" 
is watching hells kitchen with her hunny i'll be back later 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! I'm headed to bed gotta get up and head to Eville in the morning for thanksgiving with my mom ! 
is heading to bed gotta work at 930 in the morning .... 
is thinking about starting a happiness project ..... 
is finally heading to bed pretty sure my family is getting up to leave florida as i am heading to bed . Back to Vincennes tomorrow night ...... 
is cooking for the second time this week i've forgotten i like to cook i just don't want to clean up 
Changeyour Facebook default picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? Not to see a human face on Facebook until December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse and ask your friends to join as well . ( Oh the fond memories of Sailor < PROPFEMALE > from my childhood ... ) 
Changeyour Facebook default picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? Not to see a human face on Facebook until December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse and ask your friends to join as well . 
wondering what the hell is up wiht all of the status messages with < PROPFIRST > in them I think I missed a memo .... 
okay who wants to play the number game ? I'm here for a while so send me a number and I'll post a status about what I think about you :D 
hopes everyone has a < PROPFEMALE > christmas 
been a great Christmas with family the past two days ! Also greatest anniversary/Christmas present ever this year ! He proposed and I said YES ! 
has went to go scounge up change out of my car for lunch .... 
back in the library another 3 hours till class plus 2 hours of class makes for a long day in the library 
woo hoo only an hour left till class ! What a long day its been ! 
workin on psych homework did I mention I hate scavenger hunts ? 
goodnight all my facebook friends early morning tomorrow 
finding research material guess whose not procrastinating anymore ! 
hates being sick my fever finally broke in the middle of the night but I cant hardly talk this morning due to all the coughing :( 
heading to bed hoping tomorow is better than today ... 
is thinking she's missing her baby hoping he's having a goodnight at work and ready for this week to be over . Happy Valentines Day or Single Awareness Day to all ! 
Sitting in surgery waiting ... ebook with wifi a plus ... moms surgery started around 8:30 going to be long day 
mom on bypass at 9:15 
Tried to repair moms valve but having to replace it 
mom is out of surgery everything went well an hour till we see her 
In the United States , as many as 10 million females and 1 million males are fighting a life and death battle with\ 
an eating disorder such as anorexia or bulimia . Millions more are struggling with binge eating disorder . It's National Eating Disorder Awareness Week please keep all those who struggle in your thoughts and know how serious this disease really is . 
is moving in like 4 or 5 days !!! 
he One u just called fat ? She has been starving herself & she has lost over 30lbs . The One u just called stupid ? She has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The One you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The One you just tripped ? She is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
is going to be a Mom ! Very excited and awaiting my appointment on the 30th 
okay so moving and finding out I was pregnant led to me forgetting i had a research paper due next week ...... stuck in the library for a while today 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes !! Some of you I haven't seen in a while and I miss you all dearly ! Its been a pretty good day so far even though I had to work . 
