whats it like when we die ? 

I'm moving into my apartment this weekend , goodbye Whittier and hello Irvine ... ima miss this place 
Looks like the big move has been postponed until next Thursday 
I'm officially 20 years old ! Thats 2 decades ... wow now I really feel old , LoL 
Thank you < PROPMALE > , Carmin , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . I had class so no party but it made my day to get your posts , LoL 
Can't wait to go back home gonna get my presents plus im gonna have Sonic's breakfast for the 1st time ever ! 
I GOT THE JOB !!! 
Had the best time ever Last Night ! 
Studying for midterms ... I think ill do quite well , LoL 
First day on the job 12pm to 6pm ... im already really bored but hell im getting paid $8.25 an hr so i cant complain if all i have to do is sit on my butt , LMAO 
Who's the < PROPMALE > i got straight A's on my 3 count'em 1 , 2 , 3 , midterms ! LMFAO ! 
Back in Whittier for Halloween to finally kick back & relax =) 
Had a great Halloween , =) 
Im dying , LMAO ! I havent been this sore in ages , just finished the big move into my new house and there isnt a single muslce in my body that doesnt ache ... its gonna be a long week , lol 
Got 3 midterms and paper due this week ... ill survive somehow , LoL 
Heading back to Whittier tomorrow , I really need a vacation 
Studying for Bio 1A and Abnormal Psych 120A while working the graveyard shift in the lab 8pm - 1am ... Can't wait until finals are over and done with 
Its Almost time to flex my greatest muscle ... I've got a Final in 11hrs , lol . 
I'm finally back to facebook had to take an hiades , lmao ! How are you all ?! 
Oh my I had no idea there was a tornado warning in Orange County today I figured something was up because I was nearly knocked unconscious by a flying branch and nobody was walking around on campus . You'd figure UCI would have sent us an email or something ... 
Just finished my FASFA , yay ! 
Heading back to Whittier tomorrow think I'll catch a movie in Uptown . Anything good come out recently ? 
Finished enrolling for Spring quarter 18 units this time ... I can handle that , lol 
Back in Whittier to catch my breath , one last rest before finals ... this is gonna be a long two weeks , lol . 
Just 11 more days then I'm done with winter finals . 
What there was an earthquake ? I had finals since this morning I wouldn't have known if the building was on fire let alone if there was an earthquake , lol . 
Heading back to Whittier later today I'm gonna celebrate my little brothers Birthday ! Oh man I still gotta get him a present , lol . 
Got 4 midterms next week ... enough said , lol . 
To my friends , family , and lovers I must shut myself off from the world for the next several weeks . Midterms are on the horizon and I fear I must brave another storm of multiple choice , short answer , and heaven forbid essay questions . Should I survive these next two weeks of torment I will return to you all until the next storm comes that is ... LoL Good Luck everyone I believe in each and everyone of you ! =) 
Back in Whittier for the weekend , 2 Midterms down 2 more to go need my rest for the final haul . 
Just ... 1 ... more ... afraid ... I'm ... losing ... my ... mind ... LoL 
I'm FREE !!! I have suffered the 7 stages of hell and emerged in one piece muhahahaha , LoL . Wait ... now when I think about it I have another round of midterms in two weeks ... Nooooooooooooooo ! Wishing everone well and Godspeed LoL 
Back in Whittier , but I'm dreading tomorrow ... I'm gonna be so sore , lol 
696hrs 38mins 33secs left until ... FREEDOM !!! 
384hrs 13 mins 40secs left until ... FREEDOM ! 
Home stretch people Just 96hrs 11mins and 45 secs until I'm free !!! 
Finally I'm done with school ! Yay ! I'm looking forward to an awesome summer break if anybody wants to hangout just hit me up and I'll be there . To everyone I know I wish you a fantastic summer and hope to see you soon ! :p later 
Its official I just got confirmation that I will be taking the driving test for my California class C liscense August 3rd ! Yay =p 
I PASSED !!! I am now officially a class C licensed driver ! =) =p =o =/ =o =p =] 
Drove all the way to Huntington Beach then went cruising up and down PCH . There is nothing quite like cruising with some good tunes up and down the beach . All in all it was an awesome day even though I found out from dentist that I have to get my wisedom teeth \extracted\ " LoL . " 
This morning on my way to school I saw a < PROPFIRST > hydroplane into the freeway guard rail . The driver was ok but his car had a huge scratch running down its entire left side . I guess thats what happens when you speed on the freeway in the rain let that be a lesson to us all LoL . Hope everyone is safe & keeping themselves dry . 
Had an awesome time catching up with my old tenor section Saturday ! I am very proud of all of them ; I was reminded that the experiences we shared as a section had a great impact on my life . From the back-breaking lunges to field show tournaments to nearly killing each other on a daily basis . I just wanted to give a shout-out to them & let them know I wouldn’t trade a single moment of it for anything . 
I'm FREE !!! 
I just got my grades for Fall , and they are :\ 
\ 
Psych Learning Theory --> A\ 
Psych Brain Disorders --> A-\ 
Social Science --> A+\ 
BOOYAH ! ( double fist pump ) =) 
Fun Fact : When you look at someone you love your pupils dilate ... the same thing happens when you look at someone you hate . 
Today as I was navigating through the 10,000 ' s upon 100,000 ' s of wall posts and comments spilling from every webpage . I began to wonder just how many people realize that all of this stuff never goes away even if you delete it . All those adorable drunken wall posts & incriminating photos of you partying it up when you're supposed to be out sick never goes away they exist in some shape or form on the internet forever . 
send me your psn id's 
