Just watched 3 hours of Jersey Shore ! It makes me feel like I just ate a stick of butter ... so good but I feel like I'm gonna throw up ! Now Dez and I are snuggling and watching a movie while daddy is out with the boys . 

Play some Zoo World and hanging out with < PROPMALE > . 
Just uploaded some prego pictures ! 
is tired of the rain ... 
We have orders !! Headed to Kirtland , New Mexico at the end of this month . :o ) 
Ready to leave Misawa , ready to see the fam , ready to get to Kirtland , ready to have this baby . ( In that order ! ) 
One more day and a wake up in Japan ! No library tomorrow so this is the last time I'll be on Facebook while still in Japan !! I'll post an update when we get to LA ! 
STILL waiting for this baby to come out . Maybe he just decided to wait until his due date . 
Finally got internet up and uploaded some pictures but ' i was too lazy to add captions ( sorry ) now I'm gonna go love on my baby and my hubby . 
Uploaded some pictures ... now its time to sleep ( or at least try ... ) Nah-nite and sweet dreams to all . 
Thought I was having a good day ... gonna go to sleep and pray that tomorrow is better . 
Hangin ' out with my baby boy ... wishin our daddy was home . 
Just uploaded some more pictures on here . I really wish there was a way to transfer all my pictures from myspace ... it sure would make things a lot easier . Well , I'll try to get more up when I have time but right now its bed time ! 
So many things that need to be done but < PROPMALE > wants to be cuddled ! He is so spoiled but I love him anyway ! 
Going to bed now ... I posted lots of new pictures of my little man so please check them out ! 
bored ... Desi is sleeping so I'm watching < PROPFIRST > Springer and multi-tasking on Zoo World and Farmville . 
I feel rejuvinated ! I had a nice little outting but now I'm glad to be home with my two favorite men ... even if the hubby is a icky-sicky right now . 
I can't believe it's already noon and I'm still chillin in my underoos . 
Had such a great day ! The family pictures came out AWESOME ! I'm about to post them so keep an eye out . 
Very irritated ... various institutions owe me over $2000 ... some of which have been out-standing for more than 4 months . I seriously doubt that if I owed them money they would let me go this long without paying them . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Feliz Navidad , Glædelig Jul , Juullimi Pilluaritsi , Merii Kurisumasu ... sending all my friends around the world the warmest Christmas wishes ! Much love to you all ! 
Hangin out with my little sis about to play some Rock Band !!! 
Pink ! 
Head to bed ... more bed time training tonight . We're going a full 60 minutes in the crib tonight baby !! Hopefully he actually falls asleep instead of crying the whole time . 
How did we meet ? Everyone play this game ... Copy and paste this phrase in your status and see what people say . It is amusing to see how people remember you ! Before you do that , answer for me ... 
New pictures of my baby boy ! 
So tired ! How did my little guy wake up at 5am and is still awake at 9pm ?! 
Hey farmville friends ... I'm not getting any farmville notifications on my live feed ... not even my own are showing up . Anyone else having this problem or know how to fix it ? 
It's WAYBACK WEEK ! Change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable we all were when we were young ! 
Getting ready to go grocery shopping and get dinner with the hubby . 
Eventually , a lodger named < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > complained about the smell seeping into his digs . 
Need to finish the laundry and put it all away but my baby boy has decided to nap on me and I just can't bare to wake him up right now . 
Is happy to have found so many of my old Army friends ! Hey everybody !!! 
My baby boy is sleeping ... he's been out about an hour !! After only sleeping like 5 hours last night and only taking 10 minute cat naps all day today ... he is finally get some rest . Thank you God ! I just hope he sleeps well tonight . 
Getting ready to completely redo my pictures . Give me a few hours ... 
My husband and son just suprised me with a beautiful gift for being a great mom . Aww ... I love those two so much !!! ( Still working on the pictures ... * sigh *) 
Finally done sorting through pictures to decide what to post . Now all I have yo do is load them up ... that will be tomorrow . I'm going to bed with baby boy to see if I can get him to go to sleep in his own bed again . Nah-nite FB ! 
Done posting pictures for now ... I still have more to post of place I've been/lived and I need to add captions to ALL of the pictures ... but I'm done for now . 
Boring day ... up loaded more pics . I still have more but the internet is being dumb . Need to figure out what to make for dinner . 
about to take a nap ... I'm exhausted since my child thought it would be fun to wake up at 3am . 
Pretty sure < PROPMALE > reached the \4 month wakeful period\ " since he decided to wake up at 4:30 in the morning to play ! " 
< PROPFEMALE > - Adjective ; 1 . Obscure ; vague 2 . Type of weather consisting of , or marked by mist 3 . Full of tenderness and emotion . 4 . Funny , reliable woman , who can be bitchy at times , but is still lovable in the long run . 5 . Commonly a strippers name ... also noted : a totally hot chick and sometimes used to describe a cat whose fur is of a greyish color . 
I didn't get any of my FarmVille gifts ... I accepted 22 gifts and NONE of them went into my gifts box . :( 
What a beautiful day ! Got to go grocery shopping and swing by the education office . I'm switching my G.I. < PROPMALE > to Post 9/11 ... anyone done this yet ? Breaks over ! I need to get back in school ! 
< PROPMALE > is napping , < PROPMALE>'s at work and the house is clean ... I don't know what to do with myself ! ( Well , besides fold laundry ... Boo ! ) 
Spending time with my little man ! ? 
Alright FarmVille friends ... tell what you need and I will gift it to you . 
First let me say ... I'm not very happy with facebook right now . I don't mind the new look its just that it no longer works on my Blackberry . So ... REALLY not looking forward to those shots today . :( Also , one week before Lent !! I'm giving up soda and facebook apps ! Do you know what you're giving up ? 
I got one tough little guy ! He barely cried when he go his shots today . He's still in the bottom 5 percentile for weight and 25-50 for his height but the doctor says he's completly healthy . 
Good morning friends and family . I had crazy dreams all night long ! It's Friday ... that means something to someone , right ? Wonder what the day holds for me . Without a doubt , < PROPMALE > will keep me on my toes . :) 
Tired of ignorant people ... God please give me the strength and wisdom to deal with this craziness . 
Pissed . 
It's Mardi Gras ! Happy Fat Tuesday everyone ! To celebrate I will be getting the biggest Sonic Cherry-Limeaid and playing FarmVille until 11:59 tonight since I'm giving up soda and facebook apps . 
Took a trip to the mall today ... I got a stove top griddle and my eyebrows threaded . Now I'm just hanging out , waiting for my little lover-bug to go to sleep . 
It's movie qoute week ! Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines . 
Nah-night all ... I'm hitting the pillows ! I posted new pics of my little man ... so check those out . :)) 
My baby is crawolling ! ( Crawl and rolling ... LOL ) 
Well it has been an exciting day ... our good friends had their baby ( and what a cutie he is ) , my sister passed her boards ... she is now a certified respatory theripist ( Go < PROPFEMALE >!) and went to friend's house for dinner . ( Very yum < PROPFIRST > , thank you ! ) Now I'm just waiting for Desi to go to sleep and relaxing at home while the hubby is out . 
Super fun day ! Took < PROPMALE > to the Aquarium and the Zoo . He loved the giraffes . ? Decent dinner made better with great company ! No the hubby and I are setteling down to watch a movie . 
Just watched Everybody's Fine ... what a sad movie . I thought it was supposed to be a comedy . Well ' it's almost 9 pm on a Friday night .... guess it's time for bed LOL ! 
My little lover bug is napping now I need to get some housework done ! 
Going to bed ... I'm tired . I really hope < PROPMALE > sleeps in since we're not going to church tomorrow . I know I'm horriable ... please don't give me grief about it . Good night all . 
Doing some laundry , cleaning the house and chilln ' with my baby boy . About to feed him some lunch ... YUM pears ! 
So , I've been creepin ' through y'alls profiles and posting on statuses but it is time for me to go to bed . Good night all ! 
Ugh ! I hate folding laundry ! It never ends ! I'm thinking about become a nudest just so I don't have to deal with laundry . Haha ! 
Holy cow ! I stayed up until midnight ... 6:30 am is gonna come WAY TOO early ! Got to go get my boo-hiney in bed . Nah-night all ! 
Getting ready for bed ... yes I realize that it's only 8:30 but apparently my little man got the memo that there was a time change and still wakes up by 7:00 . ( Which to my body is only 6 . ) 
< PROPMALE > had his little meltdown in the middle of the night but afterward he slept almost 6 hours ! I can't remember the last time I slept 6 hours straight . I feel so refreshed ! 
Goodnight my wonderful friends and family . Hoping for another night with 6 hours of sleep . Think happy thoughts , stay positive and have sweet dreams . 
OMG ! It's so late and my eyes are burning from starring at the computer too much . I'm SO going to bed right NOW ! Nah-night all ! 
I have the BEST husband it the WORLD ! He took the baby so I could sleep in ... it felt sooo good . No more late nights for me ! 
Thank you everyone for the b-day wishes . All-in-all it was a pretty good birthday . Please don't feel bad if you didn't know/remeber ... I really didn't want you to . LOL 
Two more weeks ! Can't wait until I can play my apps again ... I miss my farm the most ! 
Man ! I crashed last night ... barely made it through dinner and couldn't make it through Dancing with the Stars . Not really sure how today is gonna go ... woke up to horrible stomach craps , blek weather , and the hubby at work . Good news ... my beautiful baby boy is in a fantastic mood . :) 
Err ... tried to upload so photos but somethings wrong with Facebook . I guess I'll try again tomorrow . Good night . 
My neck and back hurt SO bad , I didn't sleep well at all . Good news is I finally got the pictures uploaded and I'm catiching up on LOST ... I might even take a nap . :) 
Finished watching Pretty in Pink ... such a great movie !! Why can't we still dress like it's 1985 ? :) I bes be getting my rearend in bed ... Desmond will be giving me a wake up call in about 7 hours , not to mention the 3 or 4 feedings in between . Good night ! 
Why am I still watching Sesame Street while < PROPMALE > is napping ??? 
BORED !! Someone please entertain me ! 
I LOOOOOVE having my apps back ! :)) 
Hey FV friends ... as most of you know I've been out of the loop a while but I'm back now !!! I missed out on like 60-some gifts because they expired ! BOO ! I am currently trying to build my masion so send me some supplies y'all!! Let me know if you need anything and I'll try my best to get it to you ! Tak ! 
Just posted Easter pictures ... my baby's first . I don't mean to gloat but he is just so cute . :) 
Ugh , eww ! I totally have the worst headache right now . where the heck did this come from ? 
Well folks , I'm going to bed ! Have sweet dreams or a good day , which ever fits your time zone . LOL 
Awesome day ! It started out a little rough ... I had issues at MPF trying to get a new ID card ( go figure ) but after I got that all taken care of I went with the hubby and little man to eat lunch , the hubby took me shopping and I got some cute stuff , did a little relaxing and then my wonderful husband grilled some steaks for us . Mmm ! :) Bed time now ! 
It's 10:13 ... do you know what that means ??? I should have been in bed at least 13 mins ago . P.S. I just want to put this out there ... have faith in what you believe , stay true to your morals and always trust your gut ! 
Wow ! Today my baby boy is six months old ... it's a little bitter sweet . It is very exciting to see him learn new things and hit those milestones . It just gets better every day ! But on the other hand , I'm afraid that one day I'll wake up and my baby will be all grown up . :( ? I love you < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Drane and you will ALWAYS be my baby boy ! ? 
:(( I don't feel good . I want my mommy or my hubby or anyone willing to take care of me and Dez . 
Watching Oprah about child molesters ... I feel like throwing up . Those people make me sick . 
Going to bed ... night-night all ! 
My wonderful son decided we needed to wake up at 5:30 this morning . Two hours early ! Fun ! 
Good night . 
Yay ! Bed time !! 
* Sigh * Why is the church making me jump through hoops to get < PROPMALE > baptized ?? It very frustrating . 
Going to bed ... it was a beautiful day and I got to spend time outdoors with the family . I got some dicouraging news but I'm praying for answers . Looking forward to this weekend I get to spend more time with my two favorite men and a girls night on Saturady . 
Girls night tomorrow !!! Hooray ! 
I had a great time with the girls last night !! Thank you all for coming ! For my girls out of the ABQ area ... wish you could have been here ! 
I got a little over an hour of \me time\ " tonight and it just flew right by . Now I'm feeding my baby boy and then I'm gonna call it a night . " 
I want to go to sleep ... I really , really do ... but my husband snoring sounds like a chinook is landing in my bed . 
I have pictures to post but I'm too tired ... besides I have to get in bed and fall asleep before the husband , otherwise it'll be another looong sleepless night followed by being exhausted all day . 
< PROPMALE > has been talking like crazy these past few days !! Lots of \mama\ " and \ " dada\ " ... I love it !!! " 
I'm off to dreamland ... what a wonderful world ... free from stupidity and needless drama . I wish I cpim 
What can I say ... just another day in paradise . PUSHing . 
Just relaxing on a beautiful Saturday night , getting ready to go to bed . 
Enjoying my Sunday . I didn't make it to the Breast Cancer Awareness Walk this morning but we got the house clean and went out for a nice ride on the < PROPMALE > . Now just relaxing and cooking some dinner . Avatar tonight !!! 
Avatar was amazing ! Beautiful computer animation and fantastic story line . Now I see what all the hype was about . 
Going to run errands with < PROPMALE > today . Hopefully It goes smoothly ... 
Today was rough ... exhaustion , dehydration , body ache and my and 7 hours commute + classes . Hopefully a good nights rest will rejuvenate me . Good lovelies ! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a CARTOON from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for violence against children . Please spread the word ...... 
I have an amazing little boy . He is curious and intelligent , sweet and caring , happy and lovey- when he wants to be . ;) I'm seeing my son bloom before my eyes and I am one proud momma ! 
I dreamed in Spanish today ... weird ! I was \ 
talking about my grandma's house . I said something along the lines \ 
of ... \La casa con la puerta roja 
We got the Christmas tree up ! It's starting to \ 
feel a lot like Christmas ! :) 
I turned in my final project for astronomy last week , I have my developmental psych final Wednesday and two more finals next week . I'm almost done with this semester ! Yay !!! Only four-ish more to go ! 
This cold medicine is kicking my butt ! I'm trying to make it through my astronomy class without falling asleep . 
I promise I'm not ignoring you all ! Between being sick , finals , taking care of my boys and trying to get ready for Christmas I've been worn out . So I have to know ... what's up with the < PROPFIRST > ??? 
If you want to know how I feel about you , don't send me a number ... just ask . I will tell you . 
Why am I still up ?! It's 2:07 am and I'm running \ 
of 5 hours of sleep as it is . I am taking my butt to bed before my \ 
husband wakes up a realizes that I'm still up hanging out with all you fools \ 
on Facebook ! LOL 
Can you believe there are only 21 more days in 2010 ? Where did the year go ? 
I have some great Christmasy things planed for the weekend ! River of Lights , maybe some Christmas shopping and Christmas cookies ! 
I have the worst headache ... too much studying ! I am going to bed . Good night all . 
Farewell California . You have been awesome ! Loved seeing all of the family ! The grandmas , < PROPMALE>'s mom , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and the nieces , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and the cousins . Much love ? Really enjoyed seeing our close friends , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Ea and one of my very best friends , < PROPFEMALE > Smith . Like I said ... AWESOME ! 
< PROPMALE > Drane is the sexiest man alive , love you babe ! 
Finally heading home ! Had an amazing vacation . Lots of fun and great time with family and a few friends ! Thank you all for make this such a nice trip . Now its time to buckle down and get the family back on schedule . 
Sad day . First my grandpa's father passed away this morning . He lived a long full life and he went to a better place 
2902 < PROPMALE > and we are finally home . 
Its hard to sit around and do nothing after being on the go two weeks straight . LOL 
I have pictures to post ! ... but they will have to wait until tomorrow . I need to go to bed . Good night . 
Having issues today ! I'm having trouble getting my boy back on his schedule and he goes back to daycare tomorrow . I ran out of hot water for my shower and its taking FOREVER to get these pictures loaded ! 
FINALLY done uploading photos ! They are a little unorganized right now and most of them need captions ... but hey , they're up ! :) 
This Albuquerque weather is confusing ! It looked so nice out , < PROPFEMALE > and bright , so I just threw a sweater on to go run errands . Well its 19 * out . I should be wearing a heavy cost with hat , gloves AND a scarf . Spring cannot come soon enough ! 
Spent my evening rearranging and adding captions . Now its cuddly time with hubs . 
< PROPMALE>'s at work and Desi is at school ... it is so quiet ! I think I'll finish unpacking , call my school and call the VA . 
So I didn't do any of the things I planed to do yesterday , instead I rearranged my house and had a lunch/movie date with the hubby . I'm not complaining but I do have to get that stuff done today . 
I got a hold of the school and I'm waiting to hear back from them . I need to hear something before Friday . I need to know what books to buy ! I also made my call to the VA and I got some ridiculous message about how they had too many calls at that time and I needed to call back when they are \experiencing less call volume\ " ... whatever . " 
Sitting in the silence ... both of my guys are sleeping . I should probably go join them . 
Just took < PROPMALE > to his 15 month check up . He is completely healthy and developing well ! 
Anyone with a little spare time and a job with and official company letter head want to write a scholarship recommendation for me ??? 
Happy Friday ! So good to be home with my kiddo . 
It's been a long day . The 5 hours of sleep and 2 redbulls are starting to wear off . I had a nice brunch with < PROPFEMALE > Kramer this morning , played and played and played with my little man , did a bunch of junk around the house , < PROPMALE > out with the hubs and < PROPMALE > Sass and worked on my scholarship stuff but now I think its time for bed . Good night ! 
I was a good day today ! I had breakfast with Nate and the fam . Did WalMart and the commissary . Made some yummy < PROPMALE > sandwiches and watched Salt . Now I'm just laying in bed watching Locked Up and I'll probably be in dreamland soon . 
Come on Pats ! you got 11 minutes to pull your heads out of your asses !! 
Spring semester starts tomorrow ... I have no motivation and I feel unprepared . :( My house is not as clean as I want it , I still have unfolded laundry , I have a scholarship resume and essay to finish , I have to write a statement for my VA claim , my books aren't here yet and about a billion other things . Ugh ... well life won't wait for me so I better put on my big girl pants and gir-r-done ! Ok FB , thanks for listening . 
First day back to school was fun . I had Cognitive Psych and Interpersonal Communications . I really think I am going to enjoy both of them . Tomorrow I start Nonverbal Communications and Abnormal behavior . 
Ugh , started my Thursday morning class ... let me start by saying 8 am classes suck ! Then I have a 2 hour break ( well I have about an hour left now ) before my next class and I'm finding it hard to fill that time . I'm sure it will come in handy once I actually have assignments but today it stinks . 
Getting my hiney in bed ! I am so glad tomorrow is Friday ! I hope < PROPMALE > wants to sleep in because mama sure could use those extra winks . ;) Good night FB ! Oh and to any of my farm friends ... can someone please unwither my crops , please . 
I really don't enjoy reading . It doesn't matter how interesting the material is , it makes me feel so sleepy and a little nauseated . Its some thing about that black font on the white background . 
Dez ans I Just took the most amazing two hour nap ! We must have needed it because we're both in great moods now ! 
Monday !! The weekend was great but I am ready to get back to the grind ! :) 
So tired ! Been working on homework all night and I still have stuff I have to get done for Wednesday and Thursday classes ... but for now ... I am going to sleep . Good night ! 
Soooooooo tired !!! Downing coffee and a redbull at the same time . 
How can it be 33 * out and feel so dang hot ? Damn you Thule ! 
It's only 12:30 and I'm already heading to bed ... I might actually get 6 hours of sleep tonight ! Yay ! 
Made great use of my half day ! Went bargain hunting at a few thrift stores . Now I'm just wait for my classmate to show up so we can go over our workshop outline . 
I got my son and my husband ... life is good ! 
I think sleep depervation is finally catching up with me . I am exhausted ! Good news is that I'm up on all my class work , showered and in bed . All I have left is the sleep part . Good Night FB ! 
The day got off to a rough start but TGIT ( my Friday ! ) I got Organizational Behavior out of the way , on my 2 hour break and then on to Cognitive Psych and then IPC . 
Done with class for the week ! Fabulous end to busy day ... I got a seat on the packed bus , got in my car and The Dropkick Murphys were on and now I'm going to pick up my the most awesomest little boy in the whole world ! 
Being silly with < PROPMALE > today . He is so funny and apparently so am I because I crack him up ! It takes my mind off being annoyed because the carpet cleaners were supposed to be here an hour ago and they haven't even called to say they'd be late . Rude and unprofessional . 
The carpet guys made up for being late ... the carpet looks great and they were in and out in a flash . 
Got some homework done but I've been hooked on Locked Up . Its my normal Saturday night but this time its especially good because it Locked Up Maricopa . Half expecting to see someone I know . LOL 
I love my little man ! He is being so good and he is so cute pushing his little school around . My big man , on the other hand , is annoying the crap out of me . LOL 
I just ran/speed walked 2 < PROPMALE > on and outdoor track . It's 28 * ( w/windchill ) out there and let me just add that the altitude here in Albuquerque is comparable to < PROPMALE > . I feel like my lungs are going to burst but other than that I feel great . 
I just received a great compliment . My Nonverbal Communication professor stopped me to tell me that I was an excellent listener and that I will go far in life because of it . :) 
Going to bed ! Sweet dreams my lovelies ! 
What is this two hour delay crap ?! Just cancel classes ! :) 
* throws her body on the ground and wildly kicks her feet and slams her fists * I DON'T WANT TO GO TO SCHOOL TODAY !!! Don't get me wrong ... I like going to school ... I just don't want to go out in this blizzard to deal with the freezing cold and the idiot drivers . Someone call a < PROPFIRST > for me . LOL 
So ... I went out and started the car to get it warm and I cleared all the snow and ice off of it . I got my son and myself all bundled up in our warmest coats and hats and gloves . And just as I'm gathering all of our things up to walk out the door , I get a text message saying that the University is closed and all classes are canceled . LOL I can't really complain ... I get to stay home and play with my kiddo all day ! :) 
Another snow day . I'm glad I don't have to go out in the freezing cold and deal with the crazy drivers but I feel so unproductive sitting around in my PJs . LOL 
Man , I'm going to bed ... I got to be up super early for school and < PROPMALE>'s got me watching this sad crap on NatGeo ... making me all boohooie . 
So happy for the two hour delay today because I didn't have to go to my 8 am class ! All the delays and cancellations have been nice but I can't wait to be back to normalcy ... even if that means going to my 8 am class . 
My little sister is married !!! Congratulations < PROPFIRST > Hansen & < PROPFEMALE > Wells ! 
Sleepy but I have a lot on my mind . I hate that bedtime is always the best time to make a to-do list . LOL 
We might have a new family member soon ! We just visited one of the local Humane Societies ... lot of sweet and cute dogs but unfortunately we did find the one for our family . We are going to visit the city shelter tomorrow and check out the other HS locations online . 
