sad because < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > have disappeared . 

< PROPFEMALE > CAME HOME !!!!! 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . after you follow all the steps scroll up or down or type ... then the circles will appear and yes it really truely works 
ok so it's a bit choppy but I just taught myself how to play Jingle bells on my new guitar . Not bad coincidering I don't know how to play at all !!! 
We are getting a puppy today !!! 
Good men are hard to find and should be \ 
appreciated . Post this if you have an amazing man in your life that \ 
you wouldn't trade for the world ? 
Cant explain how cool she feels driving around town with a dog sticking his head out the window loving life ! Thanks Lobo ! 
wonders if other people with glasses have to double check before showering sometimes to ? 
There\ 
comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama\ 
& the people who create it & surround yourself with people who \ 
make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the \ 
good . After all , life is too short to be anything but \ 
... happy ...... REPOST THIS IF YOU AGREE !!! 
Is excited to say her Dad is getting married to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Hasn't had a cigarette since June 26th !!! I think it's safe to say I've quit for now . I fully expect this to be a lifelong struggle but I'm winning for the time being 
Thinks corporate has gone slightly mad ! I'm now supposed to put 2 fingers in between every hanger on my t-shirt wall ridiculous !! I have better things to do ! 
Scroll\ 
to the bottom of your facebook < PROPFEMALE > . On the bottom left corner in \ 
little blue letters , click on \English\ " (or \ " Deutsch\ " or\ " Spanish\ " or ... ) . \ 
sometimes feels right on track with who she is and where life's taking her , then out of nowhere and for no reasonable explanation feels totally lost , and out of control . I wish I knew when that's gonna stop , because I just want to feel like I'm ok all the time it's bliss . 
is tired of being afraid , so look out I'm not going to be anymore ! It's making me a mess and I can't have that anymore . 
I don't care if you choose to shave , pluck , or wax , but please choose one of them cause your beard and mustache are unbecoming , Ma'am 
One more Monday gone , never to be visited again , \ 
tomorrow will bring the < PROPFEMALE > , and ALL will be zen\ 
... I fucking hate Mondays Man !! 
is excited for next week Wednesday because our house will have power and water and be ready for us to clean and paint and start moving in !!!!! We're so happy !!! 
Got the keys to our house today !!! Finally we can move in !!! 
Hanging curtains , watching Elf 
Just cleaned up my Friends List sorry if you got cut . If you can see this Hooray your still my friend !!! 
My Grandpa Grote passed away a couple hours ago , finally he is at peace . I love you and miss you and thank you for all the memories and laughter and everything 
Thank you all for the warm wishes . The veiwing is Wed 2-5 and 6-8 with the funeral Thurs at 10:30 . Looks like I'm going to Decatur for my vacation after all ! 
Loves and hates million dollar money drop I watch it and spend the whole time screaming at the dumbasses who actually made it on 
I've got the tub full , the candles lit , < PROPMALE > Matthews on the Mp3 time to relax and remember the good times ! I'll always be your < PROPFEMALE > Gal Grandpa , I love you . 
Making cinnamon rolls , then laundry , go pick up my car from Firestone , and play at the park , back home for more laundry I'm sure and who knows what else ?! 
Is going to start working out . I need to tone my arms and trim my thighs and ass . 
Has her taxes filed ! 
You know its gonna be alright 
So we downsized our storage unit from 10x10 to 5x5 ! Got my car loadded with garage sale items found my room yesterday ... yep life is good ! 
Watching Revenge of the Nerds !!! 
Likes a good storm every now and then . I think we should watch < PROPFIRST > Kings Storm of the Century ! 
Day 2 of no work . Truck isn't until tomorrow , due to Oaklahoma City being shut down . Yesterday I shoveled 80% today I'll finish . I also mopped the house . Starting to get bored maybe I'll read some idk 
It's big , strong , stupid , good and it's red ! 
