Looking for a job today down in Arizona , should be fun , or not ... 

I just realized how much I miss you all you guys . I would do anything to get back believe me . Just in case you didn't know , I love you guys . Just wanted to say that in case I never got another < PROPMALE > . I mean it too . All you stay out of trouble ! :) 
Coming to Utah in a week I am so excited . Love you all . You know who you are . :) 
Saw my mom for the first time in five years today . This is like the happiest day of my life . She is so beautiful and I missed her so much . I just can't get over it . I will for sure put pics up when I can . I want all my friends to see her , especially my friends in the real world , not just facebook . You know who you are . 
< PROPMALE > and sis . Hartley , Happy Birthday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Rock on !!!!!!!!!! 
POKE me if you ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think I'm a good \ 
friend . INBOX me if you ever wanted a relationship with me . COMMENT on \ 
this if we have good memories ... I am brave enough to copy and paste this , but I am doing it for my own reasons . :) 
It was a good idea though so thanks < PROPFEMALE > . :) \ 
I give credit to you . 
My phone finally works again I am so happy ! :) 
Had an amazing day . Institute dances are the best , the only down side is going to be my voice tomorrow ... or the lack of one . 
Attention Facebookers ! there is a Safetysuit concert at UVU the 18th . Great band 15 bucks to get in . Who wants to go with me ? ( Yeah exciting right ? ) :) 
has a problem . A BIG ONE . It hurts a lot and I don't want it to get leaked out to/ or upon anybody so ... I hope you enjoyed that . You know who you are people . 
Anyone gong to go to the Safetysuit concert with me ? Look on smithtix , I think that is it , for more info , hurry though cause it is tomorrow . I don't think it is sold out so tell me soon . 
Had an amazing night which then became thought provoking and a flood of emotions . Safetysuit is amazing . 
I am bored txt me anybody . Just for fun . 
Whoop ! - genius 
Hey everybody , I can get someone a free ticket to a 30 seconds to mars , neon trees , and new politics concert at uvu tonight at 7 . Who would want to go ? Could be fun , could be a date , or a man date , depending on your gender . Let me know asap and a phone number so I can get a hold of you . Or call me at 480- 238-8832 . 
Today has been super strange . Grocery shopping this moring with < PROPMALE > and Helaman . Great stuff , but it cos 100 bucks . What a rip off . :) I blame Obama . Who else is there to blame ? Perfect scrapgot . 
Whoever was txting me today should just tell me cause that ws just gay . A definant whoop ! 
I have come to the realization that three days grace is a way legit band . Say something if you agree . 
Had an interesting lunch with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . Go liahona friends ! :) 
So me , < PROPMALE > , and Helaman were just driving and decided to go to the Liahona building . We are in the parking lot and I see this person with a hoodie just standing there and I was like there is a person here . We all freaked out and drove right out of there as fast as we could , screaming high pitched like girls . Funniest thing ever . You should of heard me , I am sure all the dogs did . 
If anyone has boardwalk tell me cause I have park place . :) 
is amazed at how 95% of my facebook friends never talk to me and don't really know who the heck I am . Without my name attached to my face on fb , they wouldn't even know my name . So much for making friends ... 
Anyone ( guys only ) looking for cheap housing by uvu whose contract goes till the end of april ? Let me know . 
says , and I quote , \ YOUR SO MEAN !!!! \"" 
Life is suckin a lot right about now . 
Thnks Fr Th Mmrs ! 
Losing Grip is a great song . Look it up . It's by Seven Wiser . Exactly how I feel everyday . 
Had a great night , best in a while actually . Thanks my broseph < PROPMALE > . Your the best < PROPMALE > ! And thanks for the laughs afterwards < PROPMALE > , Helaman , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . Great times ! 
Guess what ? Prayers were answered and I got my hair cut and it is pretty good . Amazing right ? nah , it is ok . You can pee your pants out of excitment if you want . It's ok . 
Last night my apartment complex fire alarm went off . All these college kids were outside freezing waiting to see smoke . of course it was a prank and we were all not happy campers . oh forgot to mention all this was happening at 1:30 in the morning . gotta love it . 
Had quite the up and down week and weekend , but probably the best week ever . Thanks for all those who made it that . 
Saw my brother for the first time in like half a year . That was cool . Seeing family again was nice . 
So get this . I first went to eat with my dad , which was nice . Then we went to the bookstore to sell my books and I got like over 300 bucks , more than I thought I was going to get . The place was hiring , so I asked about it . The guy hired me right then and there ! I have a job ! IT's seasonal and part time , and ends like in a month , but it's a job ! haha I am so happy . Thought all of you should know . Life is great ! 
haha people who are doing your papers right now while on facebook ; such noobs . Have fun with that ! haha I am sorry for you guys though . 
Snyone want to take me to walmart ? 
Christmas with my family was amazing . Glad they let me come . I have food now . oh yeah ... I love my family . 
It's 4:03 , and I can't sleep . Without you next to me I toss and turn like the sea . _ Shinedown . These guys speak the gospel truth . 
This friday has been so boring . I haven't had a friday this boring since ... last friday . 
Robot Chicken season 5 starts tonight ! yes ! 
Everyone , if you didn't already see mitchs even he created , go to aarons farewell this sunday at 11:00 am in lehi . That will be all . 
Grocery List : dr pepper < PROPFEMALE > 12 pack , coco crispies , capt crunch , chocolate milk , bbq chips . That's what I am eating . Should be dead with kinda diet . :) 
Had one of the best nights of my life . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . You guys are the best . 
Wish I had my buds here with me to figure out just what my game plan should be while I am here . I figure I will need to get some food item similar to pizza . That will be the first order of business to attend to . 
Thanks for everybody that posted for my bday ! It was a pretty good day , not gonna lie . Thanks guys . You the best . 
