Ended up doing dinner , movie , board games , and just finished up with Wii new < PROPFIRST > with kids . Hope all had a safe and wonderful New Years < PROPFEMALE > . Happy New Year everyone ! 

Whats the big deal ? Why does everyone in my family always freak out when there is a Tornado Watch . Ohhhhh . Never seen one in 35 years . Whats the < PROPMALE > I will tonight ? 
Packing .... Soon I will be fishing . I can't wait . 
Just a few more hours then off to Rainy Lake ..... 
Back from the houseboat trip ! It was exciting . Bad weather , Good weather , Bad fishing , Good fishing , Ranger rescue , Ranger tickets , Ranger checks , Ranger warnings , Ran into an underwater rock with the fishing boat , went swiming and down the slide a litt 
Think I am finally starting to feel better . Still have a sore throat at night though . Just in time for work on monday . There went my last four days . 
Off to the Theater tonight . Maybe < PROPMALE > Potter or Transformers . 
Oh yeah ! My ARM just came up and it actually went down by 10$ . Sweet ! Can you believe that ? Thought I was gonna have to start paying an extra 3-400$ a month . Dodged that bullet for another 6 months . 
Getting the Pot Roast ready . MMM can't wait for dinner . 
Hmmmm ? Wondering what to get my Mom and baby sister for their Birthdays ? Will have to go get something today . 
Time to relax and get liquored up with the wife for a nice night at home . Maybe some board/card games and one of those chick flicks . 
Dinner and then maybe another movie tonight .... 
Time to head downtown for some pizza with the inlaws ! 
My soon to be brother in law stopped bye uninvited .... 
Its a madhouse here with 5 girls including my two . Wife decided she would let a few of my inlaws kids spend the night . They sure do get along well ... not 
Setting my mothers facebook account up for her . Its time she got with the new age . 
Just got back from buying my girls some dresses at the mall for my little sisters wedding . Just a couple weeks to go . 
Just tried the 3rd pound Angus Burger from McDonalds . MMMMMM better than I thought it would be . The Strawberry shake from Dairy < PROPFEMALE > also helped make it a plus . 
Just picked up my Tux for my sis's wedding this Saturday . Tonight is the rehearsal . Off to go get a tie for my Grandpa to wear with his suit . Let hope I find a good one . 
Recovering after last night and taking it easy . Think I will be glued to the couch today . 
Trying to figure out what to do for my wifes birthday and our anniversary for the coming up labor day weekend . hmmm ???? 
Finally mowed the grass . What a waste of time . I hate having to do it but it was long overdue . At least I won't have to worry about doing it later this weekend . 
Thinking I may become a minivan owner early next week . Never thought I would go there . 
Looking forward to the Labor Day weekend and going up north with the wife , sister , and future brother in law . Gooseberry Falls it is . 
Had today off but felt like I really didn't get anything accomplished that I had planned on doing . Oh well , there is always tommorrow 
Missing my wife while she is in Vegas : ( I actually had to do the dishes . I hate doing dishes . Cooking is so much better . 
Getting sick of this cough . Wish it would finally go away . 
Looking forward to catching up on some much needed sleep this weekend ..... zzzzz 
Hot water heater went out . Cold showers suck but man they sure do wake you up in the morning . 
Picked up a couple of pumpkins for kids on the way home . Pretty big and didn't have to pay by the pound for the first time . Only 4$ a piece . What a deal . 
Finally got my new water heater . Can't wait for that hot shower in the morning . 
Thanks everyone for all the great birthday wishes . I have never had so many . Thank-you : ) 
Is cleaning and carving pumpkins right now . Not sure the work is worth it . 
Just finished moving Grandpa into a home tonight . Feel bad but am also feeling relief . Hopefully in the end this will be what's best for him and us . 
Having a hard time keeping up with all the shows I TiVo'd . Love the new technology but when can you find the time ..... 
Back from a nice night relaxing with some friends ..... 
Kicking myself for being one of the first to leave happy hour .... ugh Next time will make sure not to take any calls from my wife . 
Taking the girls to the Story Book downtown 
Just bought and put up my first real Christmas tree , at least that I can remember . I always put up a fake tree . Couldn't do that this year since my cat ruined my other one last year . He thought it was his own sky rise condo and bent all the branches beyond repair . Hopefully this real one will work out better . 
I am thankful for having nice neighbors . Just looked up and saw my sidewalk snowblowed . Winter was not nice to my driveway . It hates my house . I only had enough energy to do one side to get the car out . 
Team < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
\Its a Wonderful Life\ " really made me think and realize how greatful I am for everything and how I got there . First time watching that . " 
Perfect time to go out and play with the kids ! And get some shoveling done . Yay !!!!! 
Tired : ( Shoveling that wet snow took it all out of me . Time for a Mountain Dew to re-Energize . 
Just got home after having my wife do some after christmas shopping for her gifts this year . I have to assume she liked what she got since she was able to pick them out . I tried to do the last minute shopping thing a few days ago and just couldn't find anything . 
Happy 2011 ! Hope this year brings everyone great happieness and joy . 
Just tried making my grandma's pork roast noodles . Better than I thought and just like I remembered . Brings back the memories . Next time I will get it just right . 
Stuffed after some homemade lasagne with my sister and future brother in law . Checking out their new home . It is beautiful . 
Fun times with my father in law and family . Had dinner and then went bowling for his birthday . I almost got 3 strikes in a row on the 10th frame . Just missed it by one pin . Still scored 140 . Not too bad for me . 
I sang to a squirrel under my bed because the voices told me to . 
Loves my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate ! ( But we can still say THANKS for thier love and support !!! ) I Love you Mom !! 
I ? have ? the ? most ? amazing ? daughters ? in ? the ? world !!!! 
Just made Chicken Taco Lasagne for the first time . My first time trying out this dish . Better than I thought it would be . May have to add it to my list of regular dinners . 
Gonna take a shot and try to make < PROPFEMALE > pancakes for the first time . 
One more time , one more time , pleeease ! Fun times with the kids shoveling and making a path so the kids could sled . Just wish I could have finsihed the driveway . Too much snow . I will take care of it tomorrow . Not like I wouldn't have to shovel again anyways . 
Squirrel ! 
Sad farwell to a fellow colleague and friend . Wish I could have stay out longer for happy hour . Best wishes on your future endeavors . 
Fun times sledding with family and friends . Probably the last time before it all melts . Just wishin I hadn't taken that jump . Man my butt still hurts . Guess I am gettin too old for this kind of stuff anymore . Probably won't be long before I am sitting on the sidelines watching . 
Loved that commercial where the guy rubs two ballons against his head/hair and then brings a rabbit back to life by pretending to shock it . Too funny ! 
Just got back from a day at Skateville , Blackdog Park , and then Mcdonalds Playland . Fun times with a friend , his kids , and my family . Great day ! Now time to sit back and watch a Redbox movie . 
I love Chow-Mein Noodles 
5 yr old Daughter showed me her new toy phone she picked up from my Brother in Law at Skateville . She said push the buttons and see what happens . ZZZZZZZ !!!!!!!!!!! Ouch ! She got me good . Some toy phone . Usually I would be the one dishing it out but this time I was on the receiving end . 
Selling my HP Photosmart C5280 All in one Printer , Scanner , and Copier . 70$ obo . New condition with original packaging/box and < PROPMALE > . Needed a fax machine so I am replacing . Let me know if interested . 
Wife a kids out for the night . Got the house all to myself . Loving the peace and quiet . 
Wishin for an ice cold beer right about now ..... 
Nothing like getting woke up in the middle of the night to a bounch of kids or people screaming at each other in front of your house . Thought another house was on fire or something . Seems it was just bar close or something . Not sure what the hell it was all about but all quiet now so back to bed . 
Just watched \The Box\ " . Weird movie . Not what I was expecting . I would not recommend it . " 
Off to Como for the afternoon with my wife and 2 girls . 
Ticks must be bad this year . Just found one on my little dog . Can't beleive I didn't see it earlier . Must of been there weeks . Gross . 
Just got done putting the training wheels on the bike for Talissa . She wants to go on her first bike ride . Maybe we will peddle down to the park today . She is very excited . 
Watching Toy Story 2 with my girls for the 2nd night . 
Chick flick with my wife and two girls . 
Just finished mowing the jungle from all the rain . Noticed I used too much kill all on my weeds and it actually killed more than I wanted it too . Oh well , less to weed whip and mow . 
Today is my FRIDAY !!!! Going Camping this weekend . Weather should be nice so hopefully some good times with rest and relaxation . 
Love the storm clouds outside with the sun setting . 
First try with some Target Brand apple cinnamon streusel pancake mix and I have to say I loved them .... along with the bacon , sausage , and hashbrowns I made . Nothing like breakfast for dinner . 
Just got back from Happy Hour . Fun times with my work friends . 
I hate people that call you early in the morning on weekends when your trying to catch up on some much needed sleep . Even people who call during the week before 10am . 
Off to Minnehaha falls for the afternoon . Haven't been there in years . 
Vodka Cranberries tonighttttttt !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > think your cooler then ME !!!! 
1hr 1/2 later , error code 646 resolved and my 18 Windows updates that have been failing for months are now resolved . Got to love computers ... NOT ! 
Law Abiding Citizen , one of the best movies I have seen in a long time . Can't believe I missed it when it first came out . WOW ........ 
Just finished ZombieLand with my girls . My little one's favorite monster is a Zombie . She loved it . Now time for a classic movie , JAWS . 
Just snaked my first drain and fixed a toilet for the first time . Holy HAIR and sure is nice to not have to hold the handle and wait for the flush . It's the little things that make you Happy .... 
Had a great time swimming and now gonna order out for some Pizza soon and then < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends and have a few . 
Loved the paint a thon ..... 
Just sat down and gonna kick back a couple , relax , and probably wish the week was over and Saturday night was here with no responsibities or kids . Here's to a quick week and looking forward to the good times to come this weekend . 
Nothing beets sitting around , drinking a few beers and blasting the radio . It never gets old ..... 
dad sometimes i wonder about u :O -ur caring daughter , Kayla (: 
Had a great time last night . Good food , good friends , and good music . 
Just got back from visiting my grandfather at his brand new nursing home . WOW ! Like a palace . Night and day compared to the last place he was in . I feel very happy for him and am glad I believe he will now be well taken care of and enjoy the last part of his life as much as he possibly can . 
MMMM Taco < PROPFEMALE > always hits the spot after a much needed great night out with friends . 
Ready to finally relax after a day out for my wife's birthday along with the kids tagging along . We had a great time at < PROPFIRST > Falls hiking around , also stopped and grabbed some ice cream , and then , on the way home , stopped at Cossetta's in St. < PROPFIRST > for some dinner . 
White Castle for lunch . They say the first impression is the most important . Well , I give em a C . Was expecting more . Pricey for what we got . Not sure it was worth the money . 
Daughter fractured her elbow ..... there goes my HSA funds . Oh , well could have been worse . 
Hate it when you go to a doctors office and end up bring something home with you . Not that it couldn't have come from somewhere else . But come on , the odds would be it came from there . My head is killing me right now . Thankfully I can work from home . 
Had hamburgers tonight , but for a change , I ground the meat and used Pocket Pita Bread instead . It was yummy and kids loved it too . Of course they did complain at first , like they alwasy do when trying anything new or different . 
No kids tonight for a change ...... woo hoo 
I think I sprained my wrist trying to step out on the balcony at my sisters even though one doesn't exist . My bad ! 
Had a great lunch at Chili's today . Mixed Fajita's were the best . Now time to sit back and relax for the rest of the day . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes : ) Hope everyone had a great day . 
Ahhh , the joys of learning middle school math all over again to help my daughter out . Good thing I was good at math and it is all coming back to me somewhat quickly with a little help from the web . 
Tipped Cold Stone Creamery the other day , just like I usually do . Surprisingly though , this time , I was asked if I would like a song in appreciation of the tip I provided . I looked at the poor guy and almost broke out hysterically laughing but kept it at a minimum . Told him no . Said I am sure you’re appreciative enough with the tip I gave and am sure you don’t want to sing just as much as I don’t want you to . 
Just waiting around for the first Trick or Treat er's ..... 
Kinda cool how the media had a camera on each or most of the SF players faces right at the moment they won . Wish I had a video or two of my facial expressions at that right moment of realization or happieness . However , I do feel for the guy who struck out . Would not want to see that over and over again . 
Fun times last night with my daughter's dog who ate all her Halloween < PROPFEMALE > . Dog is o.k. now and sleeping finally after being up all night . Good thing she is 50+lbs or it could have been her last meal . 
Watching Science channel . < PROPFEMALE>'s sniffing out bomb's . Who would of thought . 
I am officially on Vacation . Now if I can just miss the first snow fall before my flight on Saturday that would be great . 
Sooooo good to be back home . Can't wait to sleep in my soft bed . 
Taking down and putting up an over the counter microwave is harder than I thought . Little bit more than just a couple of bolts and a back brace . Think I will need someone to help me out tomorrow . Think I am going to need to borrow someones drill . And eveyones been telling me I shouldn't buy one cause I would hardly use it . That hasn't been the case lately . 
Online Christmas shopping so much easier and faster even though spent my entire night doing it . Gotta love the free shipping and no taxes . Just a couple of final items left then all done . 
Wish I would have bought a snowblower this year . 2 and 1/2 hrs later and not even half way done with my driveway and its still snowing . Time for a break . 
Who says you need a plow ? I just used the back of my < PROPFIRST > to plow through what the snow plow left at the end of my driveway . Woo Hoo ! 
Braved it and went out . Man the roads are bad . Where are the snow plows ? I won't be going back out till I see another plow come through my area which knowing Farmington will not be till tmmro . 
Love it that we will all have a White Christmas but I am so tired of shoveling all this snow . I need a longer break between snow falls . 
Better listen or I'm gonna call < PROPFEMALE > and tell him your being naughty . He will put you on the naught list and ................ you don't want that . If I could only use that year round . Works so good but only for a short time . 
Just finished taking some toys out of the boxes so my little one can play with them in the morning . Too much stuff to put together . Man they really secure them . Back in the day you would just take the toy out and play with it . Now it takes about a half hour each toy . Not looking forward to my dogs and cat eating all the little pieces . 
Time to open < PROPFEMALE > presents . 8am is not too bad . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Hope you all are enjoying the Holiday . : ) 
Still putting together toys from the Holidays . Just a couple more to go . Kids playing with the Easel I just put up . They love it ! 
Just got done watchin Get Him to the Greek . Told my wife we should go get a < PROPFIRST > and put up some Fur on the walls . LOL 
1.75 L Jagermeister with some Red Bull out to hit the spot tonight . 
FYI - There's a site called spokeo.com that's an online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age . Remove yourself by searching your name , find the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , then go to the bottom right corner of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on the Privacy button to remove yourself . Copy & re-post so your FB friends are good . 
State of the Union tonight . Can anyone say who cares ? Get your own channel would ya ? You would think the government would waste some money on that as if they haven't on other countless other things . Stop messing up our shows . 
Superbowl Sunday . Should I go against house rules this weekend and root for the other team ( Steelers) ? 
Nothing like watching a Christmas movie on < PROPFIRST>'s Day 
Who needs 4wd ? Braved it home from Skateville in my mini < PROPFIRST > in Whiteout conditions . Thankfully some of the roads were plowed the futher I got home . Man it is bad out there . Guess Winter is here to stay a little while longer . : ( 
Spent 2 hours shoveling and then tried to use my < PROPFIRST > as a plow for the end of the driveway . That didnt work . : ( Got her stuck . But got her free just in time for the wife to get to work . Now 4 hours total and still got the sidewalk and some of my driveway to do . I'm quit for today . First < PROPMALE > I get some extra money I'm gonna use it to get a snowblower . 
Love hearing \You were right\ " : ) " 
Hate DVD's that won't let you skip over the previews and stupid stuff . 
MOA House of Comedy was a great time . Highly recommend it . Lots of laughs . 
So excited ! Just got my first ever new snowblower today . : ) Tested it out on the little bit of snow I hadn't shoveled and its Great . Its gonna be soooooo much easier next year . 
Got up early to go to a free movie premier of Hop with my little one at MOA . Didn't get there early enough as every seat was taken : ( The decided to go to Sea World and drove to other side of mall only to find out I was on the right side to begin with . Walked all the way back to other side and found a line longer than I wanted to stand in . Ended up at a < PROPFEMALE > store and then lunch at Rainforest Cafe . 
