Where are you going ? 

Four new State Radio cd's . 
WTF is this Upload Failed shit ? 
needs an escort to court . 
says : Fuck yeah ! Score one for me . 
Tango . 
has no obligations tomorrow . 
Sideline's just went down a bunch of notches . 
wishes he could not go to work and still get paid . 
is on holiday . 
is having a culinary orgasm . 
does not want to get out of bed . 
wants to become a porn < PROPFEMALE > . 
Pygmies . 
Inc McVille . Call me 802-770-9302 ! 
is taking the LSATs . 
is confused 
needs to write faster . 
Soccer ! 
ionian < PROPFIRST > phrygian lydian myxoldian aeolian and locrian . 
needs ideas for graduate work . 
State Radio show Thursday in B-town ! 
Shitty . 
If < PROPFEMALE > can paint a house in 4 hours , and < PROPFIRST > can paint the same house in 6 hours , how long will it take both of them to paint the house together ? 
needs a volunteer to give the Wechler Adult Intelligence Scale . 
still needs a volunteer to administer the WAIS to . Bonus is you'll know your I.Q. as if a psychologist did it ... 
State Radio and Rustic Overtones , oh my ! 
State Radio and Rustic show ! WoOT 
Yes . 
needs a volunteer to give an intelligence test to ! 
It is 70 degrees in W . Rutland ... 
No choice but the choice . 
Coffee mmmmmmm 
Wine and Groove . How utterly delightful . 
needs some < PROPMALE > cheering up . 
is satiated . 
owes CSC way too much money for what he's getting . 
lost his coffee 
Tempranillo and why it won't work . 
Ain't no sunshine when she goes away . 
Frifunday ! 
Happy Stuff-Your-Face-Day ! 
I'm still full . 
< Music Theory 
2 ; Music Theory 5 . 
Mad Sweet Pangs ! 
thinks the pile of work he has to do will not teach him anything and says \less work more guitar . \ " Does not recommend Castleton to anyone . " 
would join a millenial subculture if it meant he didn't have to write a paper on one . 
I wouldn't mind waking up tomorrow . 
C'mon school closing e-mail ! 
He was't beggin He was just keepin time with his cup You go on and believe that You keep your eyes staight up I was just lookin I had no intention to touch But i know when i'm not welcome So i thank you very much 
I don't live in a dream . I don't live in some land forgotten . I don't live on the < PROPFEMALE > . I don't pretend to make the world feel better . I live right here with you . 
Can you float ? 
Watch out for them politicos . 
would love to not have Choices today 
needs a new life . 
woke up with an empty glass in his bed . Woops . 
Wein 
is still d runk 
Watch out , for them politicos ! 
Newcastle + Wine = my most recent brillant idea 
No battleship too big for your war emporium ! 
Hey Mass Holes , Vote for Coakley ! 
My mind is dangerous ! 
You guys rock <3 
Satiated ! 
You know I would come ruuunnnning- If you called my name out loud ! 
Soul fucking live ! 
Don't you be a passerby .. 
doesn't think he will dig his date with the Rutland District Courthouse . 
Your light reads red and green . 
The triplet of opacity : illusion of understanding , retrospective distortion , and the overevaluation of factual information . 
And if we were walking down a dead end street , would you be the one , to let our eyes meet ? 
People to People are so unjust 
|| -------- Bm-G --- D ---- : -> 
Black Birds and Bullet holes 
Emancipate yourself from mental slavery and have a glass of wein . 
is feeling egregious 
Mountain 
is trying to figure out how to stop time . 
Perfect day for a game of soccer . 
What languor . 
is getting extremely excited to move out of Vermont ! WoOoOT ! 
does not want to be home in any sense 
Dumpstaphunk ! 
Steeped in Knowledge I'll step from the board to the speak-easy with my double edged sword ! 
Where are you ? You are so intangible right now . 
Two years in jail for what ?! For driving a fucking car ?! FuckkK offf . Fuck this society . 
has dysnomia 
I am strong if you are strong . 
I'd rather be a climbing ape than a falling angel . - < PROPFIRST > Pratchett , novelist ( b . 1948 ) 
And if you gaze for long into the abyss , the abyss gazes also into you . -Twain 
Where did all my words go ? 
Sometimes a song means more when you can't understand the lyrics . 
Hurray for Malbec ! 
What to do ? Oh , I know . 
7 letters , for all of you . 
Sorry VT , I found someone better . 
Ah , quiescence . 
If all exclusive religions are right and everyone else is wrong , isn't everyone just wrong ? 
Perception : Good for evolving or retarding growth . 
It's judgement day ! hurray ? 
has been exculpated . 
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently . - Nietzsche 
But oh god , under the weight of life , things seem brighter on the other side . 
can not handle living with white trash any longer . 
\In the modern world the stupid are cocksure while the intelligent are full of doubt . \ " Bertrand < PROPMALE > on the Dunning = Krugger effect . Don't you see that all of the time ? " 
In the amount of time we spend searching for the better , we miss the best in the time . 
doesn't understand why society teaches history to a bunch of people who will never get the point or learn a god damned thing from it . 
let it be known it is snowing in VT 
Everyone is kneaded out of the same dough but not baked in the same oven . -Yiddish proverb 
\The best engine in the world is a vagina . It can be started with one finger . It is self-lubricated . It takes any size piston . And it changes it's own oil every four weeks . It is only a pity that the management system is so fucking termpermental . \ " Dr. Kloepneckler " 
Like dissonance- have more consonance , and never stop . 
The only way we win a war is to prevent one 
needs to mow his lawn . 
is done with undergrad forever . 
I'm off to a great start : First night back and theres a fire in the basement and I have no cell phone or flashlight to do anything about it . I'm not even sure the old roommates left batteries in the smoke detectors . Lol . 
Movin ' Day ! Sianara suckers ! hahahaha 
Anyone have a membership to the YMCA ? 
You only lose what you cling to . 
Please stop sending your prayers , and your thoughts ; they are useless . If you really want to help , send your money . 
Does anyone know of any international programs for ' adopting ' Japanese families ? Google has failed at this search . 
A man has to live with himself , and he should see to it that he always has good company . - < PROPFIRST > Evans Hughes 
Literally just locked myself out of my room in my undies . 
One class down , 19 to go . 
\What did they of England know that only England know ? \ " RK " 
Woowwww ! Now that is why you don't give up 
wants to complete basic combat training ! 
If I hear one more person complain about it being nice out , or ask why I'm reading for class , there will be one less person with the ability to complain . 
< PROPFIRST > Sanders for < PROPMALE > of U.S. ! 
Bye Big J-Dog , you will be missed :( 
New Ancient Aliens tonight at 10 on History Channel ! 
5 o'clock soccer at Riverside !! Dont be shy ! 
I read the news today\ 
And everything they say\ 
Just makes me want to stay inside and wait 
Anyone have experience troubleshooting a CPU install ? 
Hey ! Look on the bright side , at least we aren't burning down are own cities . Yet . 
My life rocks 
Anyone else have problems with the Droid 3 not charging ? 
HAH The customer on Oddities just said \I used to really be into poop . \"" 
Soccer at Riverside ! 
I'm in need of some Tupperware ! Anyone ?! 
To the next semester ! If only it will be as great as the first ! 
How the hell do you lose in Words with Friends when you have over twice their score and the last 7 tiles left ?! HacK ! 342-168 ?! 
Anyone want to go to the gym later ? 
The very innocent < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is set to be executed by the state of < PROPFEMALE > on September 21st . GG guys 
NewAmerica3.com is a disturbing video lodged in the back of my mind . 
Anyone going to see Twiddle tonite ?! 
