Kids Bop NEEDS TO END . 

should probably be doing something more important than changing his status . 
is a magic cactus monster . Fear my cactusy wrath . 
Holy . Crap . Finals . They suck . 
history final tomorrow . Me gon ' die . history+Andy = no . 
no more finals . .................................... :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
is bored . watching Code Geass on youtube . Meh . 
Meh . sick . 
still sick ... 
meh . 
printing out guitar tabs . then trying to learn a song . and stuff . 
got the worst tab for \Listen to the Music\ " ever made . " 
SuMmEr ! 
is a magic crayon . 
is still < PROPMALE > Sukovich 
is buying a stairway to heaven 
would like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden 
is addicted to music 
lives in a yellow submarine 
Knowledge is power . Power corrupts . Study hard , be evil . 
is not a cat . 
is mostly not a cat 
Mental wounds still screaming , Driving me insane , I'm goin ' off the rails on a crazy train 
is a magic lobster 
likes pie . 
intends to play guitar for most of the day . Then go to sleep . And wake up the next day . 
loves music more than life . Or ... as much as life . Or something . 
No , seriously . It's the end of the world . Feel free to panic . 
is still not a cat 
still meh . very meh . MEHHH . -bored- 
yes , i do consider \unbreakable\ " a challenge . " 
is probably going to skip church again tomorrow 
is bored 
has \Bloodstone\ " by Judas Priest stuck in his head " 
is BORED . 
has been listening to < PROPMALE > Beck for most of the day and now has \Scatterbrain\ " stuck in his head . " 
watching videos of < PROPMALE > beck . The man is a freakin guitar god . 
is not a cactus 
is a magical lobster monster 
' s hand hurts from playing guitar too much . 
If you think I'll sit around as the world goes by , you're thinkin like a fool cuz it's a case of do or die , out there is a fortune waiting to be had , you think I'll let it go you're mad , you've got another thing comin ' 
' s brother somehow managed to get pepper juice in his eye ... idiot . 
is a freakin ' ninja octopus . 
You draw the line , you leave it all behind you , You lost your mind and then you lose control 
is bored . 
is pretty much addicted to Pacman . 
meh 
< PROPMALE > Beck's songs obviously weren't meant to be played on an acoustic guitar . Like ... I tried it , and it just doesn't work . 
' s iPod is a piece of crap 
Lost in a dream of mirrors , lost in a paradox 
Lost in a dream of mirrors , lost in a paradox , Lost and time is spinning , lost a nightmare I retrace 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT !! IF YOU ARE READING THIS , EVEN IF WE DONT SPEAK OFTEN , POST A COMMENT W/ A MEMORY OF YOU AND I . WHEN YOUVE FINISHED POST THIS PARAGRAPH ON YOUR OWN STATUS AND YOULL BE SURPRISED AT WHAT PEOPLE REMEMBER ABOUT YOU !! 
I only dream in black and white , I only dream cuz I'm alive , i only dream in black and white , To save me from myself 
damn Yankees .... 
Blah . 
is amazing . 
is 31 flavors of awesome 
Bleh . 
finished summer reading a whole 2 days before school . 
bored . audition later , school tomorrow 
is bored . BLEH . 
would like to be under the sea in an octopus's garden in the shade 
I get by with a little help from my friends 
blah 
There will be an answer , Let it be 
damn Cheshire ... 
blah . 
Crazy , but that's how it goes , Millions of people living as foes , Maybe it's not too late to learn how to love and forget how to hate 
mental wounds still screaming , driving me insane , I'm goin ' off the rails on a crazy train 
hates marching band practice 
might have lost his mind again 
officially hates the Toronto Blue Jays 
is a narwhal 
narwhals are freakin awesome 
has had Turn to Stone stuck in his head for like 3 days . 
Music in Motion 
Burn out the day , Burn out the night , I can't see no reason to put up a fight 
survived tech tuesday 
is the best Knave of Hearts ever 
since the human body is 70+% water , can drinking water be considered cannibalism ? 
music = life 
< PROPMALE>'s Narwhals and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamgoats = awesomeness 
Emmaus XXII = awesome 
wow , The Crucible is actually kind of addicting 
is smarter than the average goldfish 
just wrote a song . 
decided that he's not quite done with that song he was writing . gotta put a solo in there somewhere . it should be done by ... i dunno , Thanksgiving maybe . 
0/0 = 1 . And now I watch as the math geeks freak out and try to prove me wrong . 
The following statement is true . The previous statement is a lie . yep . that one is really anoying 
likes pie 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then left click and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the < PROPFEMALE > . Put this as your status if it works . 
might not know anything , but he does know nothing 
has become aware of the greatest fish ever out of all the fish . I am of course speaking of the shovel nose guitar fish . It's pretty much awesome . 
We're all mad here 
is convinced that < PROPMALE > Beck is the greatest guitarist to ever live 
We come from the land of the ice and snow , from the midnight sun where the hot springs blow 
In < PROPFEMALE > , you can always find a party . In Soviet Russia , the party finds you 
1 . Treat every day like Christmas . 2 . There's room for everyone on the Nice List . 3 . The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear . 
wow . it's christmas < PROPFEMALE > and i dont have a tree 
got that new iPod he needed . And tickets to see < PROPFIRST > Clapton and < PROPMALE > Beck . So yeah , pretty much awesome christmas 
just realized how much it must suck for people born on February 29th . Like , do they only get a birthday every four years ? If they live to be 100 , would they say they're 25 ? 
is bored out of his mind . 
Unfortunately , 97% of Facebook users wont repost this . When Jesus died on the cross He was thinking of you and me . If you are one of the 3% who will stand up for Him , just repost this ... I'm one of the 3% 
twelve pointless notifications later , i start to regret liking that post 
just learned that there is such a thing as playing guitar too much ... my fingers hurt :-[ 
Urinetown audition at 7 . 
It's the same old story , same old song and dance , my friend 
thinks he might have gotten carpal tunnel whatever from playing guitar too much . like , the joints in my hand/wrist area ... not comfortable . 
just realized that if the world really does end in 2012 , I'll be in the last graduating class ever . ... That's pretty cool . 
bored . hand hurts again , so i probably shouldn't play guitar for a while . -- sigh -- 
Random thought for today : Why is it that food the manufacturers claim is strawberry flavored is pink , when strawberries are red ? Also , why is so uncommon for those foods to actually taste like strawberries ? 
is in a really bad mood for some reason . 
Free , people are free , how can a fee enslave us ? See how we can be free , free from the chains he gave us ! 
Science midterm = some kind of death sandwich 
Midterms , then 1/4 mile walk home in the rain ... great day I'm having . trying to relax 
It's been a hard day's night , and I've been working like a dog . It's been a hard day's night , I should be sleepin ' like a log 
survived midterms . And I turn 16 tomorrow . So ... yeah . Whatever . 
random thought for today : Why is \out of control\ " the opposite of \ " under control ? \ " I'm pretty sure under is not an antonym of out . " 
500 word essay about imaginary numbers = not pleasant . 
hates imaginary < PROPFIRST > . ... Actually , I just hate math . All of it . It ruined pie . or ... pi or however they spell it now . 
absolutely loves his new guitar 
isn't quite sure why AC/DC's Black Ice was nominated for a grammy . Since its from like 2 years ago and stuff . would've made more sense 2 years ago 
bored 
is really annoyed by the fact that a playstation 2 memory card can't save data for a playstation 1 game 
hates not being able to save files on really old games . if anyone has a playstation 1 memory card they dont use anymore , can I have it ? 
almost forgot how awesome his 12-string guitar sounds when it stays in tune 
http://www.gnpcb.org/esv/search/?q= < PROPFEMALE > +1 < PROPFEMALE > 1:20 -22 The chicken came before the egg . Mystery solved 
absolutely despises the new facebook 
I am the walrus 
is seeing < PROPMALE > Beck and < PROPFIRST > Clapton in a week 
so , I'm pretty sure everybody hates < PROPFIRST>'s day . Yep . Just not a good holiday 
Nintendo 64 : probably the best system ever made . 
red is just like blue , only it isn't blue . 
has always kinda wondered how Mr. Krabs's daughter is a whale . like , he's a crab . so ... crab ... whale ... well , it kinda scares me a little actually 
it's tuesday . this means i will be seeing < PROPFIRST > Clapton and < PROPMALE > Beck in two days . coolness . 
wants to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland 
writing a song 
starting my rollo . and of course I got the really long one ... that i'm gonna type and stuff . well , whatever . point is , it's getting done . 
\For He chose us in Christ before the foundation of the world that we may be holy and unblemished in his sight in love\ " Ephesians 1:4 " 
is seeing < PROPFIRST > Clapton and < PROPMALE > Beck later 
bored . is it bad that i almost want to go back to school ? 
BORED . 
bored again . need a band for pops . and ... i'm pretty sure there was something else . whatever , i'll remember it later . 
needs a band for pops 
Inchon = easier to play on guitar than clarinet 
' s guitar won't stay in tune ... so annoying ..... 
Mega Man II = best game ever made 
bored . 
is on facebook again because he has nothing to do 
random fact of the day : The superstitious belief that the number thirteen is unlucky comes from Judas Iscariot's betrayal of Jesus at the Last Supper , at which thirteen men(Jesus and disciples ) were present . 
Random fact of the day : The < PROPFEMALE > is the only gem to be composed of only one element(Carbon ) 
CAPT : Communistic Adolescent Punishment Tool . Also , random fact of the day : A narwhal's horn is actually an elongated tooth . 
Okay , so ... Pancake flakes . Pancakes in cereal form . Let's make it happen . 
Random fact of the day : Throughout World War II , Adolf Hitler was administered daily injections of methamphetamine . 
kinda really wants to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland 
is trying to write a song , but can't think of lyrics ... this one could take a while 
Once , there was an ugly barnacle . He was so ugly that everyone died . The end :D 
There is no hilarious joke or shocking photograph of a celebrity . There is only a conspiracy to get as many people as possible to become a fan and get nothing in return . And yes , you are in fact a part of the aforementioned conspiracy 
isn't quite sure which song to put lyrics from in his status ... 
can't I just see the picture without becoming a fan of something i haven't seen yet and inviting all my friends to do the same ? Yeah , thanks . 
unrelatedcaptions.com best website ever 
wonders what it would be like to be a piece of pie 
sick . -_- 
unbelievable . What kind of world do we live in where a person can have orange juice AND chicken soup and still be sick ? 
axolotl : an amphibian that retains larval characteristics throughout its life cycle . It's like some kind of < PROPFIRST > Pan salamander or something . 
must have deleted about a hundred stupid chain letters by now . And I haven't been eaten by dead girls yet , so ... I win . Yeah . Screw off , internet . 
pretty awesome rehearsal tonight 
The axolotl is the best amphibian ever . You simply can't find a better amphibian . It can't be done . 
weather = perfection 
had pancakes for breakfast 
how many colors are there in two rainbows ? 
crap ... broke a string . i currently hate my guitar and will continue to do so until i stop being lazy and put new strings on it . 
can't find a screwdriver ... i kinda really need one . like now . 
is eating an apple . I command you all to be proud of my healthyness . 
absolutely despises math 
spent like an hour playing in the swamp he found next to his house . And I made friends with a tadpole . 
swamp next to my house = my new favorite place to exist in 
seems to have lost his lucky guitar pick 
Easter = the day when I do nothing that could be considered productive 
How many of you know all of the people on your friends list ? Well , here's a task for you . I would like for everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met . I mean our first encounter ever . Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . Fun to read some history !! 
word of the day : synesthesia(n . A condition in which one type of stimulation evokes the sensation of another , as when the hearing of a sound produces the visualization of a color ) 
There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold , And she's buying a stairway to Heaven . 
Aqualung my friend , don't you start away uneasy 
narwhals are cool 
best Emmaus XXIII ever ! <>< 
is bored . and i have to do a social studies project about American transcendentalism ... whatever that is . 
\If you think I'll sit around while you chip away my brainListen I ain't foolin ' and you'd better think againOut there is a fortune waitin ' to be hadYou think I'll let it go you're madYou got another thing comin'\ " -Judas Priest " 
gonna be a very busy weekend ... < sigh > i'm too lazy for this kind of thing ... 
trying to write a song ... chord progression = harder to come up with than i thought . 
rehearsal in a while ... i hate tech week 
rehearsal at 6 . i'll probably collapse on my bed and instantly lose consciousness as soon as i get home again .... stupid tech week . 
is bored . so ... whatever . 
opening night+12 hours of sleep = happy < PROPMALE > 
glow sticks are cool 
Downhour project = done 
got a haircut 
kinda really wishes Urinetown wasn't over 
\Do you bite your thumb at us ? \ " \ 
Metroid Prime = best game ever . Just sayin ' . 
well , it appears I'm an absolute psychopath ... 
ow ... pain ... 
changed his profile picture to a picture of what is probably the best scene in Urinetown . And stuff . 
first Urinetown-free weekend ... i find this very depressing somehow 
All my life I've been over the top , I don't know what I'm doing , All I know is I don't wanna stop 
likes playing music so loud that the house shakes 
has Bark at the < PROPFEMALE > stuck in his head 
made a smoothie from things he found in the kitchen and is now consuming its fruity goodness 
i anything can't do right since because pickles 
totally has ice cream right now . 
just played a 20 minute guitar solo . 
has realized that \or something\ " is like his catch phrase . or something ... y'know a thing that a person says like all the time . yeah . one of those . " 
parade later ... and tomorrow ... band = not fun anymore 
hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia : fear of long words . See also : irony 
Fire Emblem : probably the best game ever made 
no , facebook , what's on YOUR mind ? 
I know you , you know me , One thing I can tell you is you got to be free 
had a headache . played a 15 minute guitar solo . now i feel better . Does it make sense ? No . But it's still awesome 
\Like\ " this status & I will write on yourwall saying something I like about you . Set this as your status if you'rebrave . :D \ 
totally has pie and ice cream right now . This makes me a happy < PROPMALE > . 
White Album = life 
needs a new non-Urinetown-related profile picture 
getting confirmed later 
got confirmed today 
has decided that Rockaria is his new favorite song . just thought I'd let you all know . 
has a pencil and a piece of paper and feels the need to create things . I think this can work out quite well . 
needs a new profile pic . preferably one that is not Urinetown-related 
DONE . Andy : 1 , stupid English essay : 0 
Blackbird singing in the dead of night , Take these broken wings and learn to fly 
iTunes is pissing me off 
hasn't been playing his guitar enough and feels the need to learn a song . any suggestions ? 
why can't math just grow up and solve its own problems ? 
liked math better before they put letters in it . 
just got a new gig bag for his guitar so he will never again be forced to < PROPFEMALE > it in an actual case . 
last day before finals ... i'd rather be doing something narwhal-related 
is trying to decide whether to study for Chinese or not 
has decided not to study for Chinese . probably not a good idea , but then again , i dont have many good ideas . 
has survived science 
is not particularly fond of finals 
' s ipod seems to have rebelled against him . 
has learned to play Back in the USSR . it was kinda really easy and took like five minutes but i feel as though i've accomplished something anyway . 
has a band final tomorrow . ... wait , what ? a BAND final ? how the hell is there a band final ? that just ... doesn't make sense . 
is kinda really exhausted and i have no idea why 
is a semi-professional ninja . Just sayin ' . 
ate a sammich 
can't think of anything funny or interesting to use as a status . 
is blasting Iron Maiden in the absence of his parents . 
is extremely bored and has nothing to do 
Narwhals are cool . 
pandora.com:by far the most important thing in Internet history 
is a < PROPMALE > 
thunderstorm :D lightning = kinda awesome for some reason . Just sayin ' . 
oh hey , it's summer 
doesn't care about the world cup 
wonders why there are no donkeys in Donkey Kong games 
wishes he had apple juice 
kinda really wants to know where < PROPMALE > is 
Super nintendo : best system ever . finding out that all my saved files in my favorite game have disappeared : most annoying game-related situation ever . 
what the hell is a vuvuzela ? 
refuses to be defeated in a poke war by < PROPFEMALE > Hawthorne 
is really bored 
wants to learn a song in an attempt to cure his boredom . Now i just need to think of a song to play ... 
It's amazing how much one can accomplish when they don't care about doing it right . 
is in the mood to write a song 
is eating cookies for breakfast . Cuz I'm just that cool . 
wants a sammich 
stuff 
Facebook ate my wall . 
is probably not from Neptune . 
< PROPMALE > Beck = one of the greatest guitarists ever . Just sayin ' . 
So , i guess i'm doing this UMARMY thing ... that's kinda hilarious . 
Why am I hearing people down the street setting off fireworks when it's not even the 4th of july yet ? 
Do you know the muffin man ? 
knows the muffin man 
had ice cream for breakfast 
needs a less ridiculously huge guitar amp 
wait , what ? a guitar ? a guitar that i can afford ? internet = cool 
wait , what ? 
got a new guitar 
kinda loves his new guitar . 
< PROPMALE > thou feeling it now , Mr. Krabs ? 
Is mayonnaise an instrument ? 
I know nobody knows where it comes and where it goes , I know it's everybody's sin , You got to lose to know how to win 
Every Villain Is Lemons 
note to self : do not drink gatorade when you have a headache . 
packing for UMARMY 
back from UMARMY . All poke wars may now resume . 
bored . tired . writing . cuz i can . 
Robot Unicorn Attack 
And when the brokenhearted people livin ' in the world agree , there will be an answer , let it be 
Got a one way sign for a one track mind , Let it go 
I don't care who found friends using the Friend Finder . I will not use it . Just because I don't take orders from Facebook . 
can't think of anything to use as a status 
remembers a time when he wasn't involved in nine different poke wars . Those were good times . 
seems to have forgotten how to sleep 
is in dire need of caffeine . 
bees are stupid . 
Narwhals are cool 
but what if 2+2 is actually 27 ? yeah . that'd be weird ... 
The narwhal is without a doubt the ocean's greatest mammal . 
lemurs are cool 
is infuriated by the uselessness of MS paint 
wonders why Sonic the hedgehog doesn't look like a hedgehog ... like , most hedgehogs arent blue . or have unreasonably large spikes on the back of their heads . 
wait .... what ? 
is unbelievably bored 
< PROPMALE > Harris : probably like the 2nd or 3rd best bassist ever . Just sayin ' . 
writin ' stuff ... whatever . 
the chicken crossed the road because he wanted to see how much time people would spend trying to figure out why he did it . 
whatever 
chocolate is probably the greatest thing in the entire universe . Just sayin ' . 
http://browse.deviantart.com/?q=deadpool&order=9&offset=240#/d1v2cga\ 
\ 
just kinda thought this was made of hilarious-ness . so ... yeah . 
crap ... it's august . why does summer have to go so fast when winter , spring and fall are so painfully slow ? 
\deviantART is currently in read-only mode for system maintenance . \ " \ 
I know you , you know me , one thing I can tell you is you got to be free 
why am I in so many poke wars ? I don't understand why I'm in so many poke wars . 
feels as though he accomplished something of great importance . mostly because i learned to play YYZ . so ... yeah . 
hates flies with a burning passion 
seems to have gotten better at playing guitar over the past few days . so ... that's kind of awesome . 
you may say I'm a dreamer , but I'm not the only one 
A U . S . military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , butsacrificing their own for your freedom . Its Military Appreciation Week . Repost this if you are in the military , love a military member , hold memories of a fallen hero , or appreciate our troops ! 
ninjas are cool . 
i like pie 
learned like 4 songs today . cool . 
Wait ... what ? 
Masquerading as a man with a reason , my charade is the event of the season , And if I claim to be be a wise man , it surely means that I don't know 
does not require sleep , apparently . 
rain :D 
The best time to wear a striped sweater is all the time 
llamas are cool 
needs some songs to play . and is too lazy to think of any . so ... any suggestions would be appreciated . 
needs more cowbell 
< PROPMALE > McKee = freakin guitar god . Just sayin ' . 
listening to marching band music . cuz im that cool . 
Tell me what you can hear , and then tell me what you see , Everybody has a different way to view the world 
< PROPMALE > is a stupid name for a hurricane . hurricanes should have better names . 
narwhals 
For those about to rock , we salute you 
is in a really really not horrible mood . 
narwhals is cool 
like a boss 
Once upon a time , there was an ugly barnacle . He was so ugly that everybody died . The end :D 
my mom says I have beatle hair . 
has Chameleon stuck in his head 
Wumbology ? The study of wumbo ? It's first grade , Spongebob ! 
They've got a name for the winners in the world , I want a name when I lose 
feels like this hilarious marching-related accident will not soon be forgotten ... \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Sloat < PROPMALE > Demirjian < PROPFIRST > Prete < PROPFEMALE > Zhao 
Oh cool , I is < PROPMALE > Cratchit . Auditions = cool . 
wait ... what ? 
narwhals . that is all . 
Random thought type status thingy : it is my understanding that the human body is made up of 60-70% water . That being the case , is drinking water cannibalism ? 
rather than coming up with something witty to put as my status , i'll just make sure everyone knows i hate status nazis such as < PROPMALE > Onyx 
The following status is intended to annoy < PROPMALE > Onyx : NARWHALS NARWHALS SWIMMING IN THE OCEAN CAUSING A COMMOTION CUZ THEY ARE SO AWESOME . i forgot the rest of the song but I feel my point has been made . 
Pinocchio . Just sayin ' . 
just learned to play Roundabout 
kinda loves the fact that there's no school tomorrow 
The things that pass for knowledge i can't understand 
I'm a cool guy , according to Zach . xD 
my dad just kinda turned me into a quantum physicist . mind = blown . 
I enjoy chocolate . That is all . 
wow . why is restringing my guitar always such a pain ? 
exhausted 
Music in Motion was pretty awesome . Just sayin ' . 
cant believe music in motion is over 
has accomplished absolutely nothing today . 
Emmaus 24 !!! AWWW YEAAAAH ! 
Jesus was a bro 
writin ' stuff . about stuff . or something . yeah ... ok , lets see if i remember how to do this ... 
.... i'm hungry 
I gots a sammich . 
They got a name for the winners in the world , I want a name when I lose 
Once upon a time , < PROPMALE > tried to think of something to type for his status , but couldn't come up with anything . The end . 
played his guitar for too long and now his hand hurts 
I call shenanigans 
You smell like beef and cheese , you don't smell like < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So , how ' bout that snow , huh ? 
Dear weather , \ 
I know we've all been begging for snow , but I think we're ready for summer again . \ 
Kind regards , < PROPMALE > 
Baby it's cold outside 
insert status here 
wrote the wrong date at least 3 times today . stupid /11 .... 
made nachos 
so .... no school tomorrow 
Are you suggesting that coconuts migrate ? 
once upon a time , some stuff happened . The end . 
oh holy crap , double snow day 
playin Megaman . Because Megaman is cool . 
All Shook Up callbacks 
So , guess who's bored out of his mind . I'll give you a hint : his name is < PROPMALE > sukovich 
not happy right now 
Anything you say will sound cooler in a British accent . This is a fact . 
i never thought i'd say it , but i really dont want a snow day tomorrow 
not a fan of shoveling . 
too lazy to write back to everyone , but thanks for all the \happy birthday\ " s " 
insert witty status here 
What would you think if I sang out of tune , would you stand up and walk out on me ? Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song , and I'll try not to sing out of key 
You say you want a revolution , well y'know we all wanna change the world 
Blackbird singing in the dead of night , take these broken wings and learn to fly 
If music be the food of love , play on . 
listening to Kiss . Cuz thats what Pandora told me im listening to next . and i dont feel like arguing with technology . 
Worst holiday ever . Just sayin ' . 
Bored < PROPMALE > is bored . 
wow , okay . way to just not work , facebook . 
omelette for dinner ? sure , why not ? 
just realized what a waste a day without my guitar is 
tempered steel is SO much cooler than regular steel ... < PROPMALE > Demirjian 
Quiet Riot = made of win 
These may or may not be the droids you're looking for . 
is so bored that he willingly did homework . 0 . o mind = blown . 
is it friday yet ? 
so glad its friday 
totally did NOT just get hacked 
WINNING 
actually didn't sound terrible tonight :D 
has Jailhouse Rock stuck in his head ... 
y'know what's hard ? taking a good picture of the < PROPFEMALE > . The one I took just ended up looking like crap . Like , maybe my camera just sucks , or maybe this was just something that never should have been attempted . 
enjoying this fanfreakintastic weather 
Dear mother nature , \ 
I think we need to have a discussion about this whole snow on the first day of spring business . \ 
Kind regards , \ 
< PROPMALE > Sukovich . 
procrastinating 
must ... get ... off ... facebook ... and write ... research paper ... -dies- 
i think the semicolon is my favorite punctuation ; it just makes one's writing look more sophisticated . 
< PROPFIRST > Miller is my favorite communist . Just sayin ' . 
randomly reblogging stuff on tumblr cuz im bored 
watching epic meal time 
hollow 
It's friday . 
That awkward moment when your enemy's power level is over 9,000 
internet y u no stop making my computer freeze 
