It just occurred to me that I haven't posted anything on here in upwards of two months . So what's everyone up to ? I'm spending my summer doing nothing , it's like I'm 12 all over again . 

I wonder if I should trade in my clunker ??? It seems like the right time ... 
( insert brilliantly funny statement here ) 
I think my computer burned up ... won't start ... \disk read error\ " or some shit like that . " 
Can't wait for the Viking , Packer game tonight ... Finally number 4 is on the right side of this rivalry . 
I could have a job ... but do I want one ??? 
I need a computer ... 
Wow , just realized I didn't do a damn thing for a whole week ... 
ummm ... bored ... 
Boss never said if I had to work or not ... so I guess I'm gonna go home and take a nap ... 
Got tickets last night ... Going to the Viking game this Sunday . 
Well that was a big waste of time ... like normal ... 
<<< Hoping for a HUUUUGE blizzard this week ... I like it 
How many cars do you think I'll see in the ditch between Sioux City and LeMars . I'm putting the over/under at 4 1/2 ... Any bets ??? 
Time to go play in the snow . 
Well I'm done with that ... now on to a month of doing nothing ... yay 
Just about to head out ... goin to Minneapolis for a football game ... Go Vikings ! 
Just got back from watchin the Vikings dominate the ' boys ... Awesome game to go to ... 
Watchin the time tick , tick away ... 
Can't wait for that football game tomorrow . 
Gettin ready to head up to watch the game ... I'm kinda torn on who to go for ... but I'm sayin ' Geaux Saints . 
Does anyone else hate when you're dead tired at 5 in the afternoon then wide awake at 2am ?? 
It's Thursday ... that's like Friday to me ... My weekend starts now . 
Going to Council Bluffs tomorrow for a World Series of Poker for a Circuit event ... Kinda excited ... 
Saw a guy take a puck to the face at the hockey game tonight ... priceless ... 
UNI over KU ... love it ! 
The Twins gave < PROPFIRST > Mauer a contract extension ! I didn't know they had 184 MILLION dollars ... crazy ... 8 year/$ 184,000,000 ... 23 million a year ... 23 ... million ... that's almost $ 142,000 per game ... PER GAME . Damn ... That means $ 284,000 in a day if there's a doubleheader ... Damn ... 
Just got home from bowling league ... shot a 300 in my third game ... 
wants to go fishing ... 
Made it to the lakes tonight ... Tomorrow : gambling and fishing . 
Remsen Derby this weekend ... not sure if I care ... 
Playing with my new phone ... 
Gonna be headin to Spirit Lake some time in the next 2 to 8 hours ... 
Fireworks are starting . 
Football season keeps creeping closer and closer ... can't wait to watch the Hawkeyes and Vikes kick some ass . 
Week and a half til it's over . Week and a half til it starts . 
Wow was that just Friday night ? Really ? Hmmm I thought it was more like Wednesdayish ... 
THE FAVRE IS IN ! 
HAWKEYE FOOTBALL STARTS NOW ! 
TOUCHDOWN HAWKEYES ! Gonna be a lot more of them today . 
Did USD actually beat Minnesota ???? Was a great game but still kinda stunned . Now for a little fun , let's see them Gophers beat USC next week ... Oh and GO HAWKEYES !! 
Hello Austen Arnaud , meet the Hawkeye D-line . 
3 plays , 97 yards , touchdown Hawkeyes . I like it . 
Got myself a new PC . 
Yeah , Iowa is in fact crushing a top 5 team . 
Might have to be a Cardinal's fan tomorrow ... Whatever it takes to get Chilly out of Minnesota . 
On my way to Iowa City ... Game time is approaching . 
The state of Idaho is probably enjoying this Auburn v . Bama game ... 
Well I thought I was going to Minneapolis to see the Viking game ... that mother nature bitch decided different . 
Lol , my roomate from Missouri just got his car stuck in a drift ... some people just dont know . 
Tonight ... was expensive ... 
And for today , poker and football . 
Just pulled in to Minneapolis . 
Going south for the week . 
It's almost 80 degrees here in STL . Oh , and Happy St. Paddy's Day . 
I enjoy hearing people complain about other people's complaining ... 
