At home eating dinner with the fam !! 

Little kids ask too many questions !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Going to see what the night has in store for me ... 
is feeling a little depressed and doesn't really know why . 
I wouldn't have believed it if I didn't see it with my own eyes , but somehow the US managed to beat Spain 2-0 . The world's coming to an end !! 
is happy to have gotten the fuck out of my house for a few hours !! 
WooHoo !! Go Brasil !! The US is in for beatdown on Sunday !! 
Holy shit ! This just in ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is dead ! I reapeat , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is dead !! 
I just heard an ice cream truck go by my house playing \La cucaracha . \ " Anyone else think that's not right ? " 
3-2 Brasil wins ! Brasil wins ! Wooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!! 
Here we go again ... same old shit dog just a different day . 
is in need of rescuing from the dreary existence my life has become 
Getting ready to do some jammin'! 
Its a weekend for celebration BITCHES !!!! The 4th of July celebrations start tonight !!!!! 
I feel sorry for people who don't drink . When they wake up in the morning , that's as good as they're going to feel all day . - < PROPFIRST > Sinatra aka The Chairman of the Board 
If drinking is interfering with your work , you're probably a heavy drinker . If work is interfering with your drinking , you're probably an alcoholic . ~ Author Unknown 
Gotta go to bed now . The sun is up and my coffin is calling . Don't want the risk of spontaneously bursting into flames now do I ? 
Up all night , sleep for three hours , repeat ... 
Up past sunrise once again ... 
Wondering what's going on tonight 
Straight chillin'!! 
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers . And you will know I am the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you . ~ Julius Winnfield ( Pulp Fiction ) 
Same shit , different day 
Another sleepless night ... another missed 4:20 . LOL !! 
Gonna try to fall asleep before sunrise ... wish me luck ! 
I don't really know where I'm going mainly because I can't seem to rememeber where I've been . 
Chillin ' hoping to get into some trouble tonight !! LOL !! 
Needs to get out tonight !! 
Trying to keep myself form watching \Hook . \ " LOL !! " 
... and then the sunrise signals my bedtime 
another weekend I hope not to remember on Monday morning ! LOL ! 
Uh oh ! The sun is rising . Must not get caught in its rays . I don't wanna burst into flames . Must get to my coffin ! 
Just climbed out of the coffin ... the sun's still out 
Headin ' out like a fetus !! 
Chillin ' at the casa !! 
I think its bedtime . And the sun isn't rising yet , sweet ! 
Night owlin ' 
Preparing myself for the night of debauchery to come 
Mourning another awesome weekend now over 
Wondering what happened to ... 
Trying to see what's going on tonight ! 
Hittin ' the shower , then hittin ' the streets . Look out !! 
Right down by the beach , BOYYEEE ! 
Trying to remember what the fuck happened last night . LOL ! 
Another awesome weekend comes to an end 
is right down by the beach ... BOYEEEEE ! 
straight chillin ' at the house ! 
I've just decided I need a middle name . I need suggestions . So , give me some , please . 
Could use a swift kick to the head ! 
needs to end this cycle fo procrastination ... but I can do that later . 
I just got ambushed by a Jehova's Witness . They finally got wise and started coming around on Thursdays instead of Saturdays . Watch out !! 
Killin ' it !!! 
Chillin ' 
Saw Zombieland last night and it fucking rocked !!! 
is maxin ' and relaxin ' 
I'm fucking ecstatic my guitar is up and running again !!! 
I cut my dreads off son !!! 
Bassnectar was awesome last night but my Bucs are still winless 
another day another bender ! 
Let's go Seminoles let's go ! F-L-O-R-I-D-A S-T-A-T-E ! Florida State ! Florida State ! Florida State ! Woooooooo !!!!!!!!! 
Halloween = PARTYTIME !!! Can't wait ' til this weekend !!! 
chillin ' 
Hittin ' up Ice Blu tonight 
I am probly asking for it but whatever- post a comment of the first memory you have of you & me that pops into your head . When you are finished post this paragragh on your own status ; you'll be suprised what people remember about you . 
Going to get some food in my belly ! 
Late night web surfing 
Just waking up and saying \Hi\ " to the world " 
Gettin ' in the the shower after a quick cig 
I sure do wish I was roastin ' a bowl right about now !!! 
Chillaxin ' after my mom's little birthday celebration 
Hanging loose . Wondering what to do with myself tonight 
at home bored 
Heading out . Going to Bru's! 
Going to the beach !!! 
I've been drunk since Wednesday night !!! I love life !!!!!!! 
Chillaxin'!! 
I'm gonna go eat some dinner and get ready to go out . Holla at you boy !!! 
Recovering from last night/this morning's festivities 
I should be asleep ... but I'm not 
Gonna try to get some sleep . Its almost 7am , the sun's starting to rise which signals my bedtime ... 
Reflecting on the past year ... not !!! 
Reflecting on the past year ... not !!! I can barely remember this past year ! 
Relaxing at home !!! 
Headin ' downtown right now . Its a celebration BITCHES !!!! HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!!!! 
Last night was AMAZING !!!!! Still feeling it ! 
Being my normal laid back self ... except that its soooooooooo fucking cold out !!!! How can it so cold in South Florida ?! And some people think global climate change is a myth !! 
I just noticed the sun is rising so its time for me to get to my coffin . Good morning to all , I need sleep . 
Another day has come and gone ... 
So once again I let the sunrise catch me . Gotta get to my coffin for the day . Holla at sunset if you need me . Muah ha ha ! 
Yeessssss ! 
Catching a flick soon , then ... 
Chillin ' ... literally !! 
Grubbin ' 
Waiting for news on my fam in Haiti ... 
Unfortunately the news is no bueno . Miralia < PROPFIRST > , my grandmother , was killed while escaping her house as it collapsed . Although I am not religious , she was so you prayers out there please say a prayer for her . 
Thanks to everyone 
Uh-oh , the sunrise signals my bedtime . I'm still gonna be up for a few more hours , but I'll be horizontal . 
Its almost 9am ... that's late ... I think I should go to bed now . Yeah .. definitely need to go to bed . Definitely , definitely need to go to bed . 
I'm fucked !!! 
Takin ' it easy =) 
Uh oh ... The sun has risen and I'm still awake . Time to go to bed . Holla ! 
another weekend come and gone 
10am ! I gotta start going to bed at a decent hour ... people'll start thinking I'm on drugs all night instead of just being a chronic insomniac . Man , I love that word ... chronic ;-D 
Yet another sleepless night 
I can't wait until I can finally fall asleep before sunrise ... any suggestions on resetting my internal clock are welcomed . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments ... 
Watching \Freaks and Geeks\ " all night . Great fucking show !!! " 
bored . think I'll do a crossword puzzle 
Gettin ' ready to go out . 
Its such a beautiful FUCKING day out . I gotta take advantage of it ... I'm going to the beach everyone should do it ! 
another beautiful fucking day !!! 
Gettin ' ready to head out like fetus ! 
I might puke from boredom 
I'm just fucking < PROPFEMALE > right now 
Going to the barber ... holla !! 
Just chillin ' 
Off to celebrate ... 
just chillin ' like always 
so my plans to go sailing got postponed ... what's going on tonight ? anybody ? holla !! 
Off to roam the streets ' til something hits me or I hit something ... whichever happens first . Haha !! 
chillin ' chillin ' 
Recovering from the crazy ass weekend I just had , but can't remember . Hahahahaha !!!!! 
Wondering what to do tonight 
I drink Miller Light cuz my vagina stinks ! 
I don't know ... 
Last night rocked !!! 
Waiting to see what the night brings ... 
cigarette , bedtime , and ... 
I still wonder what it is that Meatloaf won't do ... seriously ! 
Crush a bit ... roll a bit ... light it up ... take a hit ... 
Looks like I really need to make sure I logout when I'm done using my friend's computer . I don't love guys ! 
Another beautiful beach day I get to miss out on 
Off to see what the night brings ... hopefully some greenery and lots of hops . It is Saturday after all ! 
Missing out on yet another great beach day ! 
Chillaxin ' 
9am and I'm still up ... FML 
Watching tv , as usual , into the wee hours of the night ... 
Doing a crossword and then trying to get some sleep 
Sunday Funday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
420 was FUCKING AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
party time !!! 
Chillin ' on the flip side !! 
Lonelier than Kunta Kente at a < PROPFIRST > Haggard concert ... 
Don't know what to do ... 
Beer Pong !!!!!!! 
Chillin ' bro ... chillin'!!! LOL ! 
is as Felo would say , \Living the dream ! \ " LOL !!! " 
Sunday Funday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Another weekend starts , where it stops nobody knows 
Gonna try to get some sleep now 
Pondering on what to do ... 
aimlessly trying to find my way through this life of mine ... 
You're sitting in a bar . A song comes on and suddenly you think of me . What song is playing ? Re-paste this in your status and see how many crazy songs you get back ! This should be interesting 
Waiting for World Cup to start in just a few hours . Go Brasil !!!! 
just chillin ' 
Sunday Funday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Life is better seen through eyes tinted red and words are better spoken through dry mouths ... 
The beach was fucking awesome today !! 
The beach was once again awesome today !!! Decent surf up at the Lake Worth Pier !! 
Started drinking already . It's the weekend !!! 
Maxin ' and relaxin ' . The world is much better seen through red eyes ... 
My phone is dead and I don't have my charger so if you're trying to get a hold of me ... 
I'm good to go !!! 
Sunday Funday Muthafuckas !!!! 
FUCK YEAH !!! Beavis and Butt-Head are coming back to MTV with new episodes !!! 
Once again its Sunday Funday !! WTF , its almost like a weekly event !! LOL !!! 
The world is better seen through red eyes , words are sweetly spoken through dry mouths ... 
Resin . That's all I have to say about that . 
... Her ass is a spaceship I want to ride !!!!! 
Gettin ' ready for tonight . < PROPFIRST>'s last night in SoFlo !!! 
Sunday Funday Bitches !!! 
Monday already ... DAMN !! Wait , its already August ?! Son of a bitch !! lol ! 
Every breath I take is a reason for me to celebrate !!! 
Getting ready for the night !! Ain't seen my nigga in 5 years , so we gonna party tonight ! Holla !!!! 
Chillaxin ' at house . Wake and bake !! 
Chillaxin ' at the house . Wake and bake !! 
Just had an epic battle with a giant flying bug !!! Hahaha !!! 
In the right state mind for the time of day !!! Celebrate !!! 
Back at the house , killed my munchies , and watching TV ' til sunrise ! Haha , I love my life sometimes !!! 
Hangin ' out in the 305 ! 
Its a beautiful fucking day to be alive !!! 
Who's got some snaps on the petro ?!!! 
Just chillin'! 
Sunday Funday !!! 
Chillin ' , night make way downtown . 
Just watched \1984\ " for the time . That movie is FUCKED UP !!! " 
Hangin ' with the Mon Mon monster !!! 
Another sunrise witnessed ... Sometimes I love my life !!! 
With Mon Mon yet again ... 
Still with the Mon Mon monster !!! 
Cypress Hill knows where its at !!! 
Pre-gaming ... for what ? I don't know . Haha !!! 
Sunday Funday once again !!! 
Movie marathon ! 
Hangin ' with the boys ! The Bemis is in town !!! 
Chillin ' . Its what I do best !!! 
Hittin ' up Respetables Street for some dub step !!! 
Yo , the dub step is working it right now ! If you ain't at Respectable's you should be !!! Haha !!! 
I got home as the high school kids were walking to the bus stop ! Life is grand !!! 
... like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
I'm soooooo bored !!! 
Florida State , Florida State , Florida State ! Woooooo !!!!! 
Downtown @ the block party !!! 
Having fun !!! 
I can't believe I'm at the fucking Mug right now !!! 
Made it home safe , thanks to < PROPMALE > . Good looking ! Definitely taking your advice to heart ! 
Where is the party ?! 
Going to < PROPMALE>'s!!! 
Going to thr titty club !!! 
No titty club tonight . 
Oddly enough , the power in my entire neighborhood went out . After the storm died down . This totally blows !!! 
... like a villain . 
$1 PBR Night !!! Bottoms up !!! 
... like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Layin ' low tonight . Gotta be at Miami International Airport by 10am to pick up my uncle . 
Back in the ' < PROPFIRST > ! God I hate Miami traffic !!! 
Bru's watching the games !!! 
Beer ponging it up on Sunday Funday !!! 
The Texans beat the Colts ?! Holy SHIT !!! 
The man who feel him a fool he , for he be the wiseman ... 
Hanging around downtown with Mon Mon . 
Chillin ' on the Ave with my homies !!! 
Kahuna ... $1 ... PBR ... do it ... I am ! Hahaha ! 
I'm doing good !!! 
Zzzzzzzzzzzzz ... and so on . 
Out and about , cold chillin'! Haha !!! 
D-runk ! 
Its 6am already ! I need to go to bed . Night night . 
Just got home . 
... the moral is , don't let a hooker be your navigator . Haha ! 
Tampa Bay 2-0 !!! 
On my way to Miami International Airport . 
I can barely keep my eyes open so I'm gonna stop trying to . Peace ! 
Straight cold chillin'!!! 
Thinking about hittin ' up the beach ... 
Standing in the middle of the road . ' Cause I can do that ! 
Moving a friend . 
To the Corner I go ! Lol !!! 
Roaming once again to ... 
Its Friday night motherfuckers !!! 
F-L-O-R-I-D-A S-T-A-T-E !!! 
What to do ?... 
Boynton bound with the Mon Mon ! 
\The world is better seen through eyes tinted red and words are more sweetly spoken out of mouths full of cotton . \ " ~ Stephane Jolicoeur " 
At < PROPMALE>'s ... need I say more ?! Haha !! 
Talking to the fine deputies of the Palm Beach Sheriff's Office !!! 
Ready for a change ... 
On the Ave ... 
Chillin ' with Morg and E-Rock !!! 
Chillin ' at Lake Osbourne ! Sunday Funday motherfuckers !!! 
Straight cold chillin ' 
Just got home . Gonna do some reading now . 
Out and about , concentrating on my tunes !!! 
Maxin ' and relaxin ' like always 
Bru's Room ! GO NOLES !!! 
FUCK MIAMI !!!!!!!! GO FSU !!!!!! 
Good weekend for football , FSU beat Miami , the Gators lost , and the Bucs won ! Awesome ! Plus tomorrow's my birthday , yay !! 
27 years old now . Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
Chillin ' , out and about . 
Just finished up at Denny's ... soooooooo stuffed !!! 
Back alley drinking with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !! 
Watching FSU football !!! 
Chillin ' with fam in Miami 
Partyin ' with fam in Miami ! 
Hangin ' with the MON-ster !!! 
gonna run some errands 
Stuck in a holding pattern , wondering if I'll ever touch down . 
Just got home . Gonna read until I pass out ! Hahaha !!! 
Nice weekend , and now it ends . 
What's the deal ?! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > just signed on to do 2 \Avatar\ " sequels ! Awesome !! Can't wait until December 2014 and December 2015 !! " 
Out and about , chillin ' with an old friend 
Chillin ' at the house ... lost my car privileges and and the screen on my phone . FML ! 
F-L-O-R-I-D-A S-T-A-T-E ! FLORIDA STATE , FLORIDA STATE , FLORIDA STATE WOOOOO !!! 
Bru's Room . Football . Need I say more ? 
Got another phone 
Family time ... gotta love it . 
Spending the weekend in Miami without my phone . 
F-L-O-R-I-D-A S-T-A-T-E !!! Florida State , Florida State , Florida State !!! WOOOOOO !!! 
Back in the ' < PROPFIRST > , tomorrow night ! Holla after 9:30 or so ! 
On my way to the train station . Should be in the ' < PROPFIRST > by 9:30 -10 . 
Just missed the last train up . Gotta wait ' til the morning . Total bummer . 
Feels good to finally be home ! 
Chillin ' with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
GO BUCS !!!!!!! 
Watching Whip It and sippin ' on a Bloody < PROPFIRST > . 
Seeing the world through tinted eyes ... 
is at home . 
Definitely caught 4:20 !!! Awesome !!! 
Wake and bake ! 
Two words ... Boat Parade !!! 
... Tinted eyes and dry mouths 
Relaxin ' , as always . Lol ! 
Chillin ' at a secret locale ! 
Dry mouths and tinted eyes ... lol ! 
Just another Wednesday ... 
Ridin ' up Respectable St. , kickin ' it dubstep style !!! 
Respectable St. didn't work . What to do ?... 
Blah blah blah ... 
The motion of my hips can power small cities !!! 
Chillin ' at the house ... 
Just waking up . 
Whatever ... 
Total eclipse of the < PROPFEMALE > ! Good thing I heard about it on the news earlier or else I'd be bugging out right now ! Hahahahaha !!! 
Insomia is ironically quite tiring . Go figure . 
Deep in contemplation ... sorta 
Crosswords ... 
Doesn't really feel like Christmas is 3 days away . 
Boredom , escaping it is easier said than done . 
Pepe's Hideaway !!! 
Its all fun and games ' til someone figures it out ! Haha ! 
Beer ... the reason I get up every afternoon ! 
Driving to < PROPMALE > with the fam ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all !! 
Just got to Islands of Adventure !! Let the good times roll !!! 
Chillaxin ' with some brews ... finally ! LOL ! 
... chillin ' 
The Bucs are rockin ' out !!!! 
Happy my Bucs whooped some ass !!!!!!!!!!! 
Bed time . Got a long early morning drive ahead of me 
Home sweet home ! 
Of course there's always a light at the end of the tunnel , otherwise its just a hole ! 
Shooting pool at < PROPMALE>'s 
In my leopard printed bed 
Cleaning house ... 
Same bat time , same bat channel ... 
Out and about with Jely 
... 
Sitting around at home ... hmm 
White boy wasted !!! 
Chillin ' with Gillie 
ok ... 
Ninja Gaiden Sigma is whooping my ASS !!! 
Drinking some Winn-dixie rum !!! 
Home ... nap time 
Just got home from < PROPMALE>'s! It was a good night ! 
Beddy bye time ! 
Maxin ' and relaxin ' 
< PROPMALE>'s Ice House once again !!! 
I had to choke ' em ... 
Nice to meet you . Its a pleasure to know me . 
Watching < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . I always forget how bat shit crazy those 2 were ! 
Thinking ... 
The Heavy Pets ! Downtown amphitheater ! 
Bru's , just chillin'!!! 
Going to < PROPMALE>'s!!!!!!! 
Out & about in Boynton tonight 
BENNY'S NIGGA !!!! 
< PROPMALE>'s!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
By the way , if you haven't seen Species III , don't . Its fucking phenomenally AWFUL !!! 
The sun is rising ... time for bed 
Hell yeah ! Green Bay took that shit !!!! 
contemplating the many wins and losses in life ... 
is feeling a bit morose and dejected right about now 
excited about what's to come !!! 
Gonna try and get some sleep now . Laterz 
Another night on the couch watching tv 
Crosswords puzzles whooping my ass ! 
making myself a salad , then its bedtime 
Random thought : Whatever happened to < PROPMALE > Moranis ? 
Wondering what to do ... 
An IBM supercomputer on Jeopardy ... really ? I wonder whose gonna win ? 
More of the same 
Haha ! I've been up for 20 hours !! l 
Chillin ' at Bru's with Jaz 
At the usual place , in the usual position , doing the usual thing 
Same Bat time , same Bat channel ... 
Its all about the Saturday morning cartoons 
Nap time ... 
Fresh haircut . 
Roamin ' around downtown . 
Sunday Funday anyone ? 
Trying to go to the beach ! 
Didn't make it to the beach today , but there's hope for tomorrow ! 
Dinner time . Then another nap 
... like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I often quote myself ; it adds credibility to my arguements . 
Woo hoo !!! FSU-65 UM-59 !!! Suck it Hurri canes ! 
Roaming around downtown ! 
Chillin ' @1st and 10 !!! 
Drinkin ' 
Crosswords ... love ' em ! 
Good to go !!! 
Packing up and gettin ' ready !! 
Just touched down in Boston !!! 
@ < PROPFIRST > Airport sitting at a bar waiting for my bag to arrive in an hour ! I fucking hate checking bags !!! 
On the drive to Vermont 
Holy fuck , its snowing !!! I know , I know its to be expected , but I haven't seen this shit in years !!! 
I'm in Vermont dude !!!! 
Its snowing !!!!! 
Headin ' out to Cape Cod !!! 
Drunk on the Cape !!! 
Back on the mountain !!! 
Missing the parade in Delray this year . 
Chillin ' in the mountains !!! 
Still sore from repeatedly falling down the mountain on Thursday ( aka snowboarding) !!!! 
Preparing to return to SoFlo !!! 
Its snowing sideways !!! 
Good to be bad !!!! 
One last beer then bedtime 
G'night all !!! Later !!! 
So , when did the Cheeto's cheetah get an English accent ? I always thought he was from California ! 
< PROPMALE>'s!!! 
Nice to meet you , it's a pleasure to know me . 
Procrastinating . I hate painting ! 
Sweet ! Finally done painting ! 
I'm so fucking sick of blind intolerance ! Especially when its about religion and I'm not even religious ! Almost makes me ashamed of living in this country ! 
Going hunting tomorrow , wish me luck . ( For a job that is . ) Haha ! 
So I finally decide to actually look for a job , and its storming for the first time in months ! 
Day 1 looked promising . 
Don't you hate it when its too hot to cover up , but a little too cold to not cover up ? Then all you can do is stick one leg out , but then that then feels weird ! 
Hmmmm ... 
Just livin ' , l-i-v-i-n ! 
Just got home . Just a little drunk ! 
Just woke up and still kinda drunk ! I had FUN last night !!! 
Nursing a mild hangover 
Hanging with the boys !!! 
Where are the heroes !?! -Cam < PROPFIRST > at < PROPFIRST > Airport 
< PROPMALE>'s! 
Home 
One more application filled . 
