lazy sunday , wake up in the late afternoon . 

I can't believe soph . year is already pretty much over . good year guys ! haha . 
headache :( 
Is at yearbook camp . 
october 16th . Owl City AND TheSceneAesthetic !!? who wants to go with me ?? (: 
2 am runs for icecream .. my favorite (: 
textsfromlastnight.com 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... :/ 
hmmmmmm .. 
AWESOME . 
its so beautiful over here . 
If cats could talk , they wouldn't . 
BUMBERSHOOOOOOOOOOOOT . 
Bumbershoot was AWESOME ! 
Im still awake . WTFFFF 
owl city is sold out :'( 
I can't wait ' til I never have to see you again . 
i hate to say this , but .... 
So ... I miss everyone . 
I told you that I'm crazy bout these cupcakes cousin . 
after 6 weeks I'm finally ungrounded . (: 
-if you are reading this , whether we speak often or not , post a comment of your first memory of you and me . when youve finished , post this paragraph on your own status . its fun reading about what people remember about you . 
got purple vans (: 
ohmygoodnesss .. 
Dont meth around . 
hmmmmm (: 
< PROPFEMALE > Neighbors 
4 8 15 16 23 42 
Woow . total dejavu :( 
ZUNEHD OMG ! 
:( 
im such a ho 
My name is supposed to be < PROPFEMALE > 
Yayyy I'm getting cable finallyyyyyy . and lost is on in ONE WEEK . (: 
just close your eyes and i'll meet you there . 
4 8 15 16 23 42 (: (: (: 
OH MY GOD . I knew the smoke monster was trouble . 
this weekend was funnnnnn (: 
#32 Enjoy the little things . 
I pretty much wish I was doing track 
* N * oone * E * ver * R * eally * D * ies 
I have omphalophobia . 
and when I see you , u ? op ? p ? sdn no ? ?? s ?????? ? 
Death Cab for Cutie is my favorite . :) 
I am starting to get anxious about tuesday .. 
surgery tomorrow at 1:30 . then Lost at 9 if i'm awake haha . 
today was craaazy but I made it (: 
It's always < PROPFEMALE > in Philadelphia ! 
the distance is quite simply much too far for me to row , it seems farther than ever before 
I would prefer not to 
seriously . 
Don't worry about it . 
The one person that i hate is now dead , not sure how i feel about that . 
the rest of this year is going to go by so fast . 
I dont understand why I get my hair cut , I just end up hating it afterwards . ohhhh well , im going biking tomorrow (: 
LOST , only two episodes left 
4 1/2 hours of LOST . so great 
youve got to be kidding me . haaaha 
Can someone give me the time 
My uncle got me a new bike , it's beautiful . DUTHIE HILL IS SO AWESOME 
i totally would . 
:/ 
I really hate being sick :/ 
If I don't die or worse I'm gonna need a nap 
forever always seems to be around when things begin 
I just love how I wake up at 3:32 like every single night and can't go back to sleep :/ 
I really don't remember the last time I smiled this much . (: (: 
Welllll I hate not having insurance . I just want to drive everywhere . 
Mariners game with my favorite cousin ? Yeaah man ! 
About to cross into that place where they play hockey and drink < PROPFEMALE > syrup . Bye :) 
Soooo I guess I walk too fast 
Weeell I guess if you like this status I'll tell you what I like/dislike/ my first impression and a confession , hahah . 
tyedyeing shirts . SO SICK 
The gift of memory's an awful curse . 
Just got home from seeing Inception with Jennica Kreger & < PROPFIRST > Wrigg and I already want to go see it again . Best movie of all time , OF ALL TIME ! 
You go have a good time , bring back stories , I will stay behind . 
yearboook caaaaaaaamp 
Leave the drama at the door . SERIOUSLY . 
I like coming home to a clean rooom . Maybe I should just keep it clean all the time hahah 
I had a fantastic night with my favorite aunt :) we saw a guy named < PROPMALE > who had a big head and was frirnds with some monstrrs . 
What does @ < PROPFIRST > Neighbors do for a Klondike Bar ? 9 hours of < PROPMALE > labor . What do I do ? Pay him 2 dollars . who got the better deal ? hahaha . 
Well guess who finally got a real job (: (: (: 
this isn't even a joke , I am pissed . 
What a freakin day ... :\\ 
I've been busy lately , I like it . (: 
ooooooooooooooooooooooookay :/ 
I have had the CRAZIEST past couple of days , you don't even know . hahah . 
FINALLY got insurance , so now I can FINALLY drive , did I say FINALLY yet ? ahh 
working , driving , paying for stuff , not sick anymore , I feel like a real person now ! hahah 
I just hate my car's battery . it always has problems . but i love < PROPFEMALE > Pearson ! 
I hate how when you finally realize something , it's too late . 
just watching Training Day with my bro , no biggie . WARPED TOUR IS IN 3 DAYS ! (: 
I feel so gangster when I listen to NWA . 
waaaaarpedtour . 
I love you one , two , three should be two , four is more than I can afford and I know someday that I'm gonna say the truth , I love you five . 
Oh heyy since I haven't posted this yet :\ 
1 . garcia -por la clase de espanol 5\ 
2 . hodgins - honors CWI\ 
3 . fry - American Lit\ 
4 . chilson (: - yearboook\ 
5 . berg - AP Psych\ 
6 . riffel - Personal Finance ? 
\I feel like I look better with music\ " hahahahaha " 
Sometimes I just like to talk with an accent . 
There's nothing like sleeping in and Starbucks on a Saturday . 
What I used to be will pass away and then you'll see , that all I want now is happiness for you and me 
sooo I left my zune at work . ksdjfahkdfjghadkfjg I'm dying . :/ 
I have been to the ER way more times than someone my age should . 
Don't \\die a duplicate . 
I just want to listen to music . :( 
Sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast . 
Thinking about switching to the dark side ..... 
BblackkeysLblackkeysAblackkeysCblackkeysKblackkeysKblackkeysKblackkeysEblackkeysYblackkeysSblackkeys ! 
I am I am I am . 
Perfect timing .. 
you write such pretty words 
I love Extreme Pita . 
first day of work and I'm already making huge sales . gotta love ittt ! 
busy busy busy 
let's find some beautiful place to get lost 
oh my god my mom was just in an accident ... please be okay 
I wish I wasn't allergic to everything :/ 
Just watching the national dog show , ya know it's whatevaa . haha I don't want to work overnight :/ At least I'll have < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Straume with me (: 
Postthis on your status if you know or are related to someone who suffers from being a WSU Cougar Fan . Being a Cougar is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for Coug Flu andsympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 100% of Cougar fanswon't repost this because they ... don't know how to copy and paste . Apple Cup 2010 !!!! DO IT FOR LOCKER ! 
I hate when people put a u in Neighbors . neighbours is NOT RIGHT . 
I don't know me and you don't know you , so we fit so good together cause I knew you like I knew myself 
I forgot to remember .. 
All the true things I'm about to tell you are shameless lies . 
You just never know when a fake cop is gonna steal your motorcycle 
Your kid is not that hilarious ... Kids are always funny , didn't you learn that from < PROPMALE > Cosby ? 
< PROPFIRST > Gordon-Levitt movie marathon after work (: 
Was that a sneeze or were you trying to beatbox ? 
Just chillin in my snuggie , waiting for my flight to HAWAII (: 
I feel like I'm on the set of LOST 
And while you all were at school , I was swimming and standing under a waterfall . What an experience 
Garmina you are such a liar 
Not so ready to go back to 40 degree weather 
wake up , it's no use pretending . 
\Yeah\ " - Usher c . 2004 " 
I'm amazed breathing isn't too mainstream for you . 
two big changes tonight , this sucks 
It's late and I'm tired of feeling so tired 
My fingertips are sore but I learned two new songs so it's okay 
So it goes . 
< PROPFIRST > Dabbagh beat me at scrabble .... twice . :/ 
I could never do stand up ' cause I tell jokes better when I'm sitting . 
Someone Still Loves You < PROPMALE > Yeltsin 
and if the devil is 6 
It's like they just hired every band I have EVER wanted to see and put them all in the same festival ! 
GUESS WHO JUST WON FREAKING SASSQUATCH TICKETS !!!!!!! 
May 27th ... I can hardly wait ! 
You should probably go see The < PROPMALE>'s Speech . 
I used to live in a heartbeat city , I swear I'd fall in love every minute on the street . 
lol i have a penis 
Codes and Keys - May 31st 
But you don't really care for music do you 
one time out of ten everything is perfect for us all 
I swear we just experienced a horror setting at school . But I guess that's what I get for being there this late on a Sunday ... 
I am a visitor here 
I'm tired of pretending like I'm not a total freakin rockstar from Mars 
and when the cold , the dark and the silence come , it's like a sudden rush of water through your heart and lungs . 
I hate moving , my room is so empty . 
We graduate in 1,870 hours . 
Does anyone want to help us move on Saturday ? (: Free Pizza ! 
I do not want to work today . 
well it's almost time to wake up ... who needs sleep anyways ? 
We're all so funny but he's lost his joke now 
My new car has a tape deck and the only tapes I own are < PROPMALE > and Backstreet Boys . hmmmmm .. 
