why cant my days off from work be fun ?? no instead i get to take one kid for booster shots ... 3 of them and the other kid to get a filling , who now wont stop sayin ( insert whiny voice ~~>) \mommy it hurts\ " ... although there is enough nova-cain in her to kill " 

taking a spinning class that burns 600 cals an hour when your body hasn't had more than 500 cals a day for the last 3 weeks = an ass kicking ... i cant wait for the next one !! 
uhhhh NOTHING IS WORKING TODAY !!!!! not my radio , my computer , my damn coffeepot this morning ... nothing !!! i need the weekend now ... i need a drink ! 
hates people who send 75 effin e-mails asking why you haven't responded to the first one that was sent only 2 hours ago ............... uhhh asshole its probably because i have a life and dont spend my life glued to my damn computer .. i get enough of it at work last thing i wanna do is < PROPFEMALE > out on it at home too !!! get a hint 
so wish i knew how to sleep ... 
freak out mode ... test in less than 2 days ... 
learning how to relax now that i no longer have to study !! how sweet it is ! 
best mood ever !! 
Darn rain is messing up my plans ... now i actually have to come up with something for my girl scouts to do ! IDEAS ?? ( Have to be nature/environment related ) 
Oreo cookies are the devil 
i'm totally convincing the man to take me to rattlesnakes for the best sangria in the universe , fun for me ! 
gathering items for erins tea party birthday ! 
sooo tired , coffe isn't helping and i have like a million things to do today to get set for erins birthday party tomorrow night .... 24 hours in a day is never enough 
lesson of the day : if you want something done , delegate it to someone who loves being in charge ! 
spent my afternoon talking to an old friend , it was nice , I've missed him ! 
going home to bake two apple pies ( one Diabetic approved for < PROPFIRST>'s dad , cause its his birthday ! ) .... between me forgetting < PROPFEMALE > had a class trip to an apple orchard and buying a massive bag of apples , < PROPFEMALE>'s class trip itself , and my girl scout trip to a different apple orchard last night , i have WAYYYYY to many apples ! 
In NY @ < PROPFIRST>'s for dads birthday .... 75 years old and the man wanted a Wii ... been playing all morning !! dinner out tonight for pops then off to another party in CT .. tequilla here i come !! 
got up @ 4:45 . drove 3 hours to get to work , working 8 hours , then driving another 5 to get my kids back home for school tomorrow and now < PROPMALE > is stopping by at 10 pm < PROPMALE > time ; A.K.A. midnight ; to get his fishing gear .... such a loooooong day today will be ... 
is done playing nicey nice ... 
What the HELL was I thinking ?? 
sooooo tired , i thought kids keeping me up all night was tough .... kittens are sooo much worse ... 
is in need of a second job ... they raised my rent ... awesome 
I VOTE TO DE-JERSEY VERMONT 
very happy to know I'm important to the man I love and he calls me just to tell me . 
its a good thing i am an awesome employee !! 
thinking i might give up eating all together ... i feel like hurling every time i eat .. 
soooooo wish my predecesor was a better employee , im tired of fixing her mistakes , then again from what i hear the talent pool didn't exactly have a deep end w/ that one 
OMFG FINALLY time to go home ! 
soooo effin BORED 
YAY It's my Friday !! Only cause tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > has dental surgery to fix her 6 !! cavities ( thank you daddy for the bad teeth genes ) Mommy is not looking forward to it . Poor babe . 
had an awesome weekend , two different halloween parties ! night 1 we were an ape and a big banana ( I got to be the big banana for once ! ) and night 2 we had to switch it up so we went as < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > Bundy , sooo much fun ! now im taking care of < PROPFEMALE > who is sick , and i have a chest/head cold , lol go figure 
Kids are finally healthy again ... but i have walking pneumonia and < PROPFIRST > called ( well sent a picture first ) to let me know he is missing part of his thumb ... were doing great ! lol 
Home yet again with another sick monster ... why cant they get sick at the same time ? 
loves google and wonders how she'd survive w/o it !?!? 
Cant wait for tonight !! my boy is comming and gunna stay for an indefinite amount of time while he heals ! yay !! 
is done offering < PROPFEMALE > branches 
I Thank You God for my daddy ! He is a great man ! 
thinks it would be nice to recieve child support sometime this year ... 
had an awesome weekend with my man !! now back to the daily grind .. 
a long , LOOOONG day , wish i had a maid to do my laundry and cook for me so i could crash when i get home , but sadly I AM MOM .. 
i need a new place to live ... first mushrooms in the bath room , then a mix up with the electricity that had me paying for someone elses large < PROPMALE > for a year , now toxic black mold in my living room ... and the building is only 1 yr old .... AWESOME !! 
i thought it was gunna be one of those days ... now i KNOW its one of THOOOOSE days !! 
i need a new life .. i want a d o-o ver !!! 
So far its been a great weekend !! Out drinking w/ < PROPFEMALE > friday night while her husband went for saint-hood and watched allll 5 girls !! Then visiting < PROPFEMALE > , followed by a snowball fight at home w/ the girls . Then we went to < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s for a christmas party where the girls acted like the little angels they looked like and today they let me sleep in while they trashed my house quietly ! lol 
proof positive that praying to ST . < PROPFIRST > for lost items works ... WE FOUND ERINS BELOVED MONKEY !!! ( After 7 months of searching and losing all hope ! ) 
The snow flakes are flying in VT again !! 
AWESOME WEEKEND !! < PROPFIRST > fixed my computer ( YAY !! no more porn virus !! ) and I learned to snowboard and although my ass has so many bruises I wont be able to sit for weeks I LOVED IT !!! 
Is sooooo F**kin sore ! BUT CAN'T WAIT TO GO SNOWBOARDING AGAIN !!!!! 
I really need to figure out how to sleep .... 
I kinda feel bad for my cat ... I just dropped him off to get his Nuts Cut ! 
My kids christmas concert tonight ... then baking Cookies , Peanut Brittle , & Peanut Butter Balls , & wrap a few presents , this is of course in addition to the regular chores of dinner , dishes , & laundry ... grrr i need a maid ! But then I'd be pissed because my anal retentive self would feel that she wasn't doing good enough & re-do the work . Then get angry and fire the maid .... I correct myself , I NEED A VALIUM !! 
I LOVE LOVE LOVE printing off a 75 < PROPFEMALE > document 1 friggen < PROPFEMALE > at a time !! It makes the day go so smoothly !! 
Quote of the Day : \It's Negative Zero out there !! \"" 
My Boyfriend is comming to visit me !!! OK so he's really just comming so he can go snowboarding tomorrow with his buddies up at Stratton , but hes staying w/ me tonight !! For this I am greatful !! I just wish I could go with him tomorrow ... But its family time .... 
Home this weekend for my mom's family christmas , then back to work and off to < PROPFIRST>'s for a orphan christmas in CT and then iiiiffff i can talk the man into it i'll be spending next weekend on a snowboard !! 
is giving up on giving a damn 
feels the black cloud of Christmas depression settling down on her ... there is no silver lining to this bastard . 
aarp.org is a preverted site ... i just wanna play a crossword game and my clues so far are : Grasp , Head skin , Relieve , Withdraw , Trio Number , Carved Pole , Short Skirts , Work Hard , and Forward Thrust !! Old People apparently are perverts ! 
Bad Human Example of the Day : Laughing at some poor idiots misfortion of wrecking his car into a truck because he was TEXTING WHILE DRIVING !!! HAHAHHAHA SUCKS DUDE ! 
Down Side : Had to work today . Plus side : Boss is letting us out early !! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all !! 
weekend is over .... now back to work ... :( 
Next year i might pass on being a girl scout troop leader , this being responsible crap is getting in the way of a good time ...... 
Home to clean the kids room some more , i.e. throw half away & donate the other half .... shhhhhh !! 
my kids ' room looked like an episode of hoarders before i attacked it .. man are they gunna be pissed when they find out how much i got rid of !! God it feels good ! 
Just spent 20 < PROPFEMALE > trying to tell a very angry individual ( who LOVES the sound of his own voice ) that he was yelling at the wrong person ... in fact the wrong company altogether ... can i go home now ? 
productivity just crashed full force into the wall 
love it when you spend right down to the bare minimums in your account ( but NOT over limit ) and the bank deems it INSUFICIENT FUNDS ... ASSHOLES !!! but plus side ... now i get to yell at someone ... 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . 
Pushing the wrong button on the alarm clock and being aware of the mistake is alot like unprotected sex ... you know you should do something about it , but in the end someones gunna be late ! 
is getting a girl scout headache ... 
thinks that some of the things that happen in this office are perfectly fitting for \The Office\ " ... and i'm not sure thats a good thing ... ( for the record I would be < PROPFEMALE > ) " 
UPS has dropped the ball this week !! Placed an order on monday morning , it was picked up that day & now a 2-3 day shipping is going on day 4 and it still isn't even in VT , and this one has less of a distance to travel ( utah ) Ironically .. the other thing I ordered this week ( same day ; but afternoon ) was shipped via postal service ( from Cali ) and it made it here today !! GO USPS ! 
grrrr 
If I ever need to visit a psychotherapist I do not want his name to be < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( this is one of my clients ) No offense Dr. < PROPMALE > , I'm sure your a very talented mind ( de)warper ! 
Thank you AC/DC for making my friday go a lil faster !!!! 
Dilemma of the day : How do you get a \Boss\ " to stop walking all over you ; w/o loosing you job ? " 
Apparently I am supposed to have a warm fuzzy feeling over the fact that yet ANOTHER AMERICAN born company has outsourced to < PROPFEMALE > ... Way to drop the ball < PROPMALE > . 
YAY !!!!! MY GIRLS DID IT !!!! 1019 BOXES OF COOKIES IN 2 WEEKS !!!!!!!! Not bad for 8 little 5 & 6 year olds !! 
pants finally arrived ... not 100% in love with them ... they might go back .. after i waited 8 days for my 2-3 day shipping to arrive ... ohhh the horror of waiting again !! 
Learn to Ride Lessons @ Stratton for 2 kids : $242.00 Mommy's stress level ( I'm a worrier ): 1 Xanax The bank account : will shed tears ! Two little kids who will be happy AND exhausted at the end of the day : TOTALLY WORTH IT !! 
I am adopting a new motto : If I dont like you I will tell you to go to hell . All pleasantries will stop as of today . By me humoring your two-faced niceness its as if I myself am being two-faced . This I can't have . I will not become like you . 
The power strip from the 80's that my office computer was plugged into just exploded and caught fire .... the boss replaced it w/ an identical one also from the 80's ... I feel so safe . 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . So love the people who treat you right . Pray for those who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . ~ Post to your wall if you agree . 
YAY to the brand new power strips for ALL employees !! ( apparently one little itty bitty fire makes the boss spend money ) 
Sure < PROPMALE > ! I'd LOVE to do your job for you ! 
Home Sick ... with an added bonus of a sick kid ... mama never gets to take care of herself !! Then again my motto is \I'll rest when I'm dead . \ " I should change that ... " 
Go to Urbandictionary.com and enter your first name into the search . Copy and paste the first entry ( no cheating and picking the one you like the most ! ) 
I have apparently developed quite the reputation amongst Girl Scout leaders .... as the \really great girl who will give you the shirt off her back until you double cross her then she'll kick your legs out from under you\ " .... I feel honored that they took the time to get to know the real me !! :) " 
home again with the same sick kid ..... its either round 2 or round 1 decided to take a day off before returning to kick her butt ... poor monkey 
I'm learning to fly But I ain't got wings 
Praying that < PROPMALE > is ok W/ another shot at Saint Hood ?!?! This girl wants a night out on the town w/ her girls for her impending doom .. I mean birthday . 
drunk .... totally girl scout momish i know 
F.U.G.S. !!! 
now if only this knot in my stomach would go away 
Big Foosball Game party !! yay to beer !! 
My friends are AWESOME !!!!! Love you all !! 
The world lost one of its true treasures today . Your warm heart will be greatly missed , Love you < PROPFIRST > 
I love google !! 
YAY !!! My < PROPFEMALE > got approved for my car !! Shes officially MINE !! 
White Spandex and cellulite are totally hot together !! 
I love it when the printer at work isn't working , makes for a productive day ! 
how long can you ignore a friend request from a creepy person before it magically disappears ?? I dont wanna be facebook friends w/ a creep who peeps !! 
To celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s Day change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other . Make sure to tell us how long you two have been together ! 
Sitting at the Subaru dealership getting a recall fixed ... they are getting swanky here in bennington , put in a computer for customer use !! however the salesman with big yellow and brown < PROPMALE > teeth reminds me that its still bennington !! 
For Local Bennington People : Get your girl Scout Cookies from my troop Saturday Feb 13th in front of Home Depot and Dollar Tree from 10am-12pm !! $3.50 a box 
I am a horrible saleswoman ... I just told a guy that buying workers comp and excluding yourself ( when you are your only employee ) was really pointless and one big , expensive , pain in the ass . Luckily for me he'll be needing it for a job and is gunna HAVE to buy it anyways !! 
When i told you on the phone that it \was the first time i was hearing about it and i had no information to offer\ " did you think that by sending an e-mail you would get a different response ??? dummy ! " 
• . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTERS ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? 
Home for a lovely weekend w/ my boy !! I'm so lucky to have him ! 
I always viewed failure as failure . Apparently I have been wrong . Failure is only failure until someone else comes along , does the task for you and then you can claim Victory . 
At working , wishing I was at a mountain ... grrrr . I hate being responsible . 
The boyfriend drives 2 1/2 hours to my house & suprises me at 9 pm lastnight .... to go snowboarding .. without me , because I have to work ... AWESOME , Love you too babe ! PUNK ! 
Fuck it ! 
Had an awesome day with my man and a mountain ( kids were there too but in their own lessons ) 
Happy 25th Birthday to my \little\ " cousin Miss < PROPFEMALE > Larison !! Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! Have a great day ! XOXOX from the girls and I ! " 
Its a strange day ... 
It's DaughterWeek !!! ? If you have one Daughter or more , who makes your life interesting and fun , is a blessing in your life , and makes life worthliving , copy and paste this to your status . ? The world would not be the same without both of my beautiful GIRLS !! 
How do you respond to someone who only offers half of an appology ? do you ? 
Girls are going to daddy's and mama gets a weekend off to be with her wonderful boyfriend !! Bring on the Sun , Snow , and Snuggling !!??? 
hates the music played while on hold .... i wanna throw the phone .. 
would like to be happy the week is almost over but the busy parts are still to come .. Baking a cake for < PROPFIRST > Baker's baby shower !!! ( two tiers of a strawberry cake , one layer with a dark chocolate frosting and the other with a white chocolate frosting , all made up to look like presents ... easy right !?! ) 
i might have a slight OCD problem ... but damn my house looks good !!! 
< PROPFIRST > was right , the weekend starts at 5 today , looking forward to a hangover tommorow !! 
Had a good night talking < PROPFEMALE > Smith Cochran's ear off and baking the yummy cake for Ms. < PROPFIRST > Baker while the kids played ! < PROPFIRST > may have a bit of a crush on \that boy\ " and wants to know when she can see him again ! lol " 
I wish i lived closer to home right now ... its friday night , i dont feel like cooking , and im totally craving Mr. Chicken !! 
so no Mr. Chicken 4 me .... yeah went to the bar and got hammered instead ...... the hollywood champagne and cocaine diet = beer and multi-vitamins for this broke country chick !! hahhaha and i still have a cake to decorate by noon .... awesome ! 
a six pack later and i still want to hit her ! it takes talent to piss me off that bad ! 
I'd like to say im home taking care of a sick baby girl but shes been passed out for like 2 hours so its more like im watching her sleep ... and i'd love to be cleaning right now but shes a very light sleeper and i dont want to disturb her ... uuuggghh i feel trapped in my own house ! 
Rockin the Celtic music & Green ! After all I have to support my girls heritage and in my little ones case namesake to ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > = Ireland with Honor 
The hierarchy of mgmt at the local DD astounds me . The toothless chick w/ the personality of a wet mop & has never once gotten my order right is in training for MGMT !! But the guy who never screws up an order , smiles contantly , is polite , knows every position , & has been there for years is still just a pee-on . Dont get it ! Then again maybe its not on merit , maybe shes better at sucking @*@% since she has no teeth ... 
complaining about the underfunded local school system and then saying that you threw our your census all in the same breath .... congratulations you have earned the idiot of the day award 
Is the weekend here yet ??? SSOOOOOOOO EXCITED to be going to the US OPEN @ Stratton this weekend !! Its gunna be insanely busy but I dont even care cause I'll be there with my man !! 
When threatened , the puffer fish rapidly swells to over 3 times its normal size , in order to discourage opponents . But while first impressions can be rather dramatic , the poor puffer fish can only keep up the illusion for a matter of time ... sounds like someone i know !! HA ! I WIN !! 
Weekly Ritual has begun : The boss is Mr. Chatty < PROPFEMALE > and Laughing histerically ... that can only mean one thing ... ITS FRIDAY !! I LOVE IT !! 
Great weekend with my handsome boyfriend ! Went to the US OPEN , and spent most of the day snowboarding together ! and I'm not going to lie , leaving my cell at work by mistake on friday has been nice ! its great to be unreachable at times !! 
I can't wait to be done w/ work so I can go home and spend quality time with < PROPFEMALE > ! It's so rare to have alone time with just one kid at a time , and lucky me I get a WHOLE WEEK of just < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
i DO know influential people !! :P who knew ! lol 
thinks there must be something wrong with the phone in my office , i keep talking into it and people keep on talking as if they cant hear me , and in one case a woman repeated heself 75 times .. i should get this thing looked at ... 
Somehow my family knows every detail about my life and then feels its ok to convince my mother that i told them , when in fact I knew nothing about it , thus allowing them to get what they want out of her because they trapped her . nice . next time go the extra step of asking me permission first . i would have said yes . but dont lie to my mom . 
the silence was priceless ! 
I LOVE GOOGLE !!!! you can find ANYTHING ! 
Long day ahead of me .... driving home tonight to get my lil munky !! Then \Easter\ " @ Grams on Sunday ! ? " 
on the road again .... 
some people apparently dont know how to say please or THANK YOU !! 
Needs to let it go because < PROPFEMALE > will do my dirty work !! 
I have been suprised by many people lately ! Those who you thought forgot about you , still remember . Those who you thought cared , dont , and those who you never knew cared , do ! Children acting like adults , and adults acting very childish . and \friends\ " proving that they just arent . " 
Needing < PROPFEMALE > Jam this morning , with a lil AC/DC after . 
It's criminal . There ought to be a law . Criminal . There ought to be a whole lot more . You get nothing for nothing . Tell me who can you trust . We got what you want . And you got the lust . If you want blood , you got it . If you want blood , you got it . Blood on the streets . Blood on the rocks . Blood in the gutter . Every last drop . You want blood , you got it . 
The week is a roller coaster of emotions ... and I'm not even PMSing ! lol 
is very hurt , and while at this point an appology seems so little a gesture it would still be nice to get one . 
Copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except ... a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness about it ! 
its a drinkin night ... ohhh wait i started at lunch .... make that a drinkin day ! 
off to clean the car and work on getting my < PROPFEMALE > skin some color after having it hidden for soooo long ! 
Drinking and OCD cleaning of my car while rocking out to < PROPFEMALE > Jam = Dead Battery . Lesson learned . and a thank you to the ony neighbor who doesn't hate me right now . 
Happy Easter to all ! 
it was soooo hard to get up this morning and work out .... taking the weekend \off\ " makes monday mornings the hardest ! " 
2 ... oh yeah 2 ! girl scout meetings tonight and i already want a drink ! damn myself for being responsible ... 
my FAVORITE quote of the day ... \bitch my time is expensive and u cant afford this chat even with cookie money !! \ " HAHAHAHHAHAAHAH i sooo love this ! thanks for making my day ! " 
Weekend plans r changed again ... now its off to NY/Jersey to help Ant's parents move cause the house sold & have to be out by wed ... love them , hate moving ! They have alot of stuff . Gunna be a busy girl !... P.S. Baby , Colony , Please ! To completely de-rail all my hard work I've been doing to get this butt smaller ! ( I'll find a way to get over the guilt of this somehow , I am sure ! ) Love you < PROPFIRST > Rodriguez 
thinks grocery stores should < PROPFEMALE > the beer right next to the pizza dept . 
love the fact that my cats feel the need to jump on top of my cupboards knocking off my wine glasses and breaking them on the floor .. only to have me walking around barefoot and not notice the glass until it was in my heel ... 
off to go drop the babies off w/ their daddy , then a busy busy next few days 
Oh monday , please go away ! You are not wanted . 
yay !! I'm so excited that I actually get to go to the Gym with Jilly tonight !! 
Gunna go get my butt kicked @ the gym tonight w/ miss < PROPFEMALE > ! 
am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off , I work through the day and some of the night , I am under paid and over worked now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a MOM 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? Well , heres a task for you ... I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met . I mean our first encounter ever . Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . Fun to read some history ! 
Loves knowing that she is missed by her 3 favorite people in the world ! I love & miss you guys too , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > !! 
shocker of the day ..... if you dont pay your bills they cancel the policy ... and BTW I am NOT the person you should be yelling at about it ! 
off to be a slug and no NOTHING tonight ... however i'm hitting the gym @ 6 am just so i can be lazy tonight ... 
heading back down to jersey to help mama with the big move and watch pops watch tv and \direct\ " mama on how to decorate ... if it were up to him the 15 ' canoe would become a table in the living room and \ " under the glass top you could put magazines and blankets\ " and the 2 couch's and the 6 lazy boys from all 3 houses would be in the living room as well .... gunna be another fun weekend ! " 
the gym is a callin !! 
i dont care what the recipe card says ... jalapenos and tuna fish do not go together ! 
Friends who let friends play with \Chickmunks\ " will get stomach pains ..... from laughing !!! FYI Chickmunks bite ! just ask < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Rivers !! lol ! " 
So I asked < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Rivers if we were still on for tonight @ the Gym ... I got back \Unless I get attacked by a grounghog ! \ " HAHAHAAHA " 
Busy night , Gym with < PROPFEMALE > then Drinks & Trivia @ Carmody's with < PROPFIRST > ! I know I know . drinking after the gym isn't the best way to lose the weight but .... its beer ! In my world that makes it forgivable !!! 
joined < PROPFIRST > Oldham @ Carmodys for trivia night ( we all placed 3rd ) where miss < PROPFEMALE > Smith joined us for a few and it was a great night ! I love my friends ! Only would have been better if Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Rivers had been able to go to the gym with me ! ( tomorrow ? ) 
is sure her children wouldn't agree but she thinks they need to cut their MB vacation short and come home to mommy cause I MISS THEM !!!! 
The spinning class @ 5 am this morning killed me ... but the tortuous love affair has begun ! Now if i can just find a sitter so i can go to the gym everyday ... 
is looking forward to a weekend full of Beer and Rugby !!!!! 
Home FINALLY after another amazing weekend with my man (& < PROPMALE > ) ! Plus my kids are home now !!! I missed them sooooo much ! They had such a great time they couldn't stop telling me all about the fun they had on vacation . I was enjoying the stories so much I felt bad making them go to bed . Love all my babies !! 
really effin hates it when people over anunciate their words . a 2 < PROPFEMALE > conversation leads to me wishing i was a gun owner with a few hundred acres to spare 
wonders why shes the only one in her house whos actually wanting to go to bed . 
is exhausted and it shows . 
my exhaustion has turned into a chest cold ... awesome . and for all who were blowing up my phone with worry lastnight < PROPFIRST > is ok . a little bit of a stiff neck and headache today . she'll survive . as for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Rivers car ... well im keeping my fingers crossed that its totalled , for jills sake ! 
is soooo sick . I can't breath . I feel like I've been hit by a bus . 
is turning blue from lack of oxygen . 
todays work day is sponsored by dayquil 
Had another AMAZING weekend with my man , hanging out with friends and sleeping on the boat in the Hudson ! Now back to work . 
is its possible to give one child a public education ( i dont like the K teacher for private ) & the other a private one ? or do they have to be the same ? OR do i suckitupbuttercup and deal with it for a year but throw a fit if shes unfair to my child ? I'm all for using parenting as my personal science experiment for \how much therapy are they going to need ? \ " but damn it i wanna be the one to put them in therapy ! " 
really ??!!?? 
looks like Girls Scouts will be SUPER quick tonight !! Its POURING & our meeting is supposed to be outside @ a park because my girls used their money to plant a tree ! so proud of them ! 
Murphy's law has struck ... HARD 
So not only did I tell an insured he will end up paying us more money after his audit is completed but he thanked me for it by delivering a pizza to my office ! He just made it to the top of my favorite clients list !!! 
Fabulous Cinco de Mayo with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Goodman , < PROPMALE > Goodman , and many many others ! Got to watch the < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > hold hands ! lol Sooo cute ! and as always the food was amazing < PROPMALE > ! Love you all ! 
Dear other Insurance Companys , if you dont take care of your insureds they WILL go elsewhere , and when they do don't act suprised ! Also don't make it impossible for them to get the info they need . It's to late . You've lost them . Just give up and quit wasting your energy . If you had put that forth that effort to begin with they wouldn't be comming to me ! 
True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . And pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one ! 
just wants her prayers heard . 
All my Love and Prayers to my friend < PROPFIRST > in CT . He is in need of a small miracle . ? you ! 
The sun may actually be starting to peek out from behind its dark clouds !! ? 
is in need of coffee ... and thanks to my adorable children i didn't even have time to push the button & turn the damn thing on . my already rough morning just keeps on comming ... 
Wishing & praying for a miracle 
is sooo happy its friday !! & I just KNOW its going to be a great weekend ... cause I'm going to get to see < PROPFIRST > Baldyga !! Love you dude ! Glad your fighting like hell !! 
has grown a spine today !! It probably should have been done years ago ... 
Not quite the weekend I had planned on but it was enjoyable none the less .... now onward to find out who picked both locks to my front door .... such an enjoyable thing to come home to .. 
i call for a do over ... 
is being stalked ... time to move . :( 
Love my friends !! They may scatter the globe but they are all the best friends any one person could ask for !!! 
the eppidemic is speading so .... to ALL the baby daddy's out there ... WHY DO YOU PUT THE NEEDS OF YOUR < PROPMALE > BEFORE YOUR KIDS ????? Grow up , be a man , and love your children enough to do whats right for them , NOT YOU . Its not a hard concept . 
If i had left the bunnies guts on my bumper it would have been covered under my $100 deductible ... my OCD ass couldn't handle that and cleaned it off so hello $500 deductible because there is no physical proof of a dead < PROPFEMALE > .. lesson learned ( however the fight isn't over i will get my $100 ded back even if it requires me digging in garbage for the paper towel with guts & fur on it ) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Words of Wisdom : ( inspired my Mr. < PROPFIRST > Oldham ) If an animal decides to commit suicide and chooses to use your vehicle as its means , it is not your fault ! & It is ok to give your food a name while you are fattening her up for slaughter . I like < PROPFEMALE > . 
Thankful that I love a man who is stand-up guy who would never hurt me , lie to me ( or anyone ) , and actually has a set of balls ! The countless number of sleezeballs out there make me appreciate him more and more every day ! I love you < PROPFIRST > Rodriguez for the wonderful man you are ! 
loves how a < PROPFEMALE > little hair cut can brighten the day ! 
Saying extra prayers for cowboy . ? 
bad mom of the year award goes to ... ME . :( 
why cant i get outta work everyday @ 3 pm ??? I love this !! i might have to have a chat with the boss and make this a daily thing !!! 
does not care how hard life will be ... i am going back to school ... thanks for the talk . its for you . needed to be reminded . 
“And their prayer offered in faith will heal the sick , and the Lord will make them well . And anyone who has committed sins will be forgiven . Confess your sins to each other and pray for each other so that you may be healed . The < PROPMALE > prayer of a righteous person has great power and wonderful results . ” < PROPFIRST > 5:15 -16 Love you < PROPFIRST > ! You keep fighting , We're still praying !! 
COME ON < PROPFEMALE > !!! Sink your teeth in !! :) 
calls from probation officers and states attys ..... not a typical thing in my world .. makes for an interesting day !! 
Its only 9:45 am and already its one of THOSE days ...... can i go back to bed now ? 
First weekend w/o my kids in over a month .. what the hell am i gunna do with myself ?? 
Fantastic weekend on the Hudson with my man ! I love having the waves rock me to sleep ! and as an added bonus I FINALLY got to visit < PROPFIRST > in the hospital !!! ( and finally meet < PROPFEMALE >!!) He was alert and trying to talk ! well in all reality he was begging Ant to break him out !! It was so good to see him doing so well ! ? him ! 
Dear Monday , \ 
\ 
Usually we are on good terms ... today however you can go F yourself . \ 
\ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
needed my gg lastnight . 
Will be adding to my list of accomplishments this year ... first I tackled snowboarding and won .. now onward to obtaining my motorcycle license just in time to drive all the way to SD for Sturgis .. and applying to grad school while being my normal busy single mom self ... I AM WOMAN HEAR ME ROAR !! 
First weekend in a million years that I am not going anywhere and have no plans .. holy cow ! Hell must have frozen over cause I might actually get to relax !! 
right now the sale associate that rang me up @ Kmart is my new best friend ... She gave me $90 of free loot ! although i do hope for her sake that everyone else was as oblivious as i so that she wont get fired , she was a really nice lady . 
oota bust my ass cleaning today so i can be < PROPMALE > over tomorrow !! 
Got some much needed mommy/adult time with my Jilly !! and as an added bonus some guy in Kmart got to see my wardrobe malfunction ... It was his lucky day !! 
been cleaning the kids room all day .... ya might see me on the news for going postal ... 
startn my week out right with a lil AC/DC ... 
Are you in the game ? 
Application .. Check ; Resume ... Check ; Statement of purpose .... workin on it ( 500 words by friday .. its been a few years since i heard those words , better get used to it ! ) ... and added bonus my motorcycle safety course is commin up too !! busy busy summer , leading up to an even busier 20 months of university ... DEEP BREATH ... i can do this ! 
Saw the most horrific photo of me this morning ... and whats worse is it is in my daughters school yearbook and is being distributed to all the homes of all the SH kids .... AWESOME !!! I swear the creators of the yearbook did it on purpose ... 
off to watch my baby girl dance ! 
Could today get any better ?!?! Em's last day of SHSF , < PROPFIRST > got dressed w/o a fight this morning ( unheard of !! ) , I get to see < PROPFIRST > tonight for the first time in 2 weeks , and its < PROPFIRST>' 33rd Birthday !!!!! ( thats the BEST PART of the day ) So glad your a stubborn Pol and refused to give in , love ya < PROPFIRST > !! 
can i go back to my perfect weekend ??? 
Happy First Day of Summer !! 
is it friday yet ?? 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . 
i need my bed already .. 
I am missing snow so much today I find myself looking at riding gear ( beats working ) .... I WANT SNOW !! How many more days Cindee Broadie ? 
letter is done , transcripts are sent ...... now waiting for the acceptance letter , and applying for financial aid then Im on my way !! 
I have such a weak stomach when it comes to smells lately . the tiniest of yucky smells and i wanna hurl !! ( like a client who's been working hard all day and NEEDS a shower ) now my whole office smells . air freshener isn't helping ... 
Missing my babies already and its only day #3 ... 
just had margaritas @ chilis with miss jilly for her birthday ! great time with a great friend ! 
WoooHoo !! Officially down another 5 !! 
i realize the the 80's are back but my god people !! if your ass weighs more than my whole body you SHOULD NEVER WEAR SPANDEX !! SHINY SILVER SPANDEX INCLUDED !! same goes for all skin tight clothing on fat people . if you have muffin top or a fupa you need bigger pants . period ! i mean your clothing design choices seem to reflect a sense of caring in how you look , do you just not see the rolls ?!? 
hello thirsty thursday , ive missed you ! 
a great/rare night out on the town with friends ! 
saturday night plans may include hiking camel hump in the dark to watch fireworks !! this has instantly become a must do on my to-do list !!... now to talk < PROPFIRST > into it .... im gunna need beer ... 
and i set myself up for heartbreak again . someday i will learn , someday 
Missing my girls :( I can't wait until they come home from their vacation . 
discovered a new way to get the higher-ups attention today ... after a week of computer problems and being ignored i threatened to throw the computer at the wall if he doesn't get someone in to fix it ... and he makes a phone call . problem soon-to-be solved . 
Missing my baby girls soooo much this last week of their vacation with daddy might just kill me . 
Daddy may not like it but .... I passed my motorcycle course !!! 
rough start to the week ... 
Change of plans !!! No longer going to Sturgis ... cause were going to ALASKA to see < PROPFIRST > !! OMFG I'M SO EXCITED !!!! 
24 days ! 
just as quickley as my smile came , it fades ............ CAUSE IM BEING SUBPOENAED !!! FML !!! 
FYI < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > the tickets are bought !!!!!!! You will have me(us ) from sunday @ 9:30 am until the next sunday @ 1:45 pm !!! WoooHooo !! 
23 days !! 
Love it when people dont believe me , cause it makes proving them wrong soooo much more fun ! 
OMG just bought wayyyyy to much clothes on my shopping spree ... but it was all on sale ... ok nevermind ... JUSTIFIED ! 
My day of hell got off to a kick ass start , my alarm never went off . Now onward to convince a prosecutor that testifying really ISN'T in my best interest because , well , I like my life and I'm pretty sure my kids might wanna keep me around . The last thing I need to do is piss off a man whos gunna have 10 long years thinking about revenge . 
Had an amazing weekend on the Hudson with my man . Now i'm home with my baby girls !! So happy the house is full of life again . Three weeks of being kid free is to much for mommy . 
is it ever really worth it to play dumb ?? 
NEVER thought i would EVER say this but ... I prefered the lie . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s in the shop for her first ever mechanical problem ... my poor girl :( Suppose shes due , we did hit 95,000 < PROPMALE > last week .. 
and like that a dark cloud settled .. love and prayers to my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > baldyga who has taken another turn for the worse after soooo many weeks of progress . i love you < PROPFIRST > ! keep strong ! 
is there an answer to the million $$ question ?????? 
Its official !!! I got accepted to the masters program !!! hello 20 months of self torture !! 
just went to friendlys.com and got the nutrition info of what i just put away .... i think im gunna go hurl .... 
yay thursdays work day is done !! 
oh friday !! how i've missed you so !! 
i must say my 7 year old makes a mean cup-o-joe and does quite well on my laundry too . now onward to teaching the other one to cook & do dishes and my life will be set ! lol 
sold 2 policies today and the commission will be in right before i go to alaska !! yay me !! and bonus I had an amazing hair day !! 
12 DAYS !!!!!!!! 
note to self : do not stuff a handfull of dried cranberrys in your mouth during allergy season EVER again .. should you happen to unexpectedly sneeze they will BURN LIKE HELL when they get lodged in your nasal cavity .... OMG i need a crannostriectomy !! IT HURTS ! 
so im wearing a black dress today and i decided my ass looks remarkably like Ursulas ' from little mermaid ... not cute 
Just had a Bagel & Coffee from Bagels & What Nosh ..... SOOO yummy ! Their Pizza ROCKS too ! OMG im gunna get soooo fat having them next door to my office ! 
wow thank god today is over . soooo stressed thanks to an asshole @ < PROPMALE > equipment in albany .. btw if you have an ins policy through me & rent equipment from them i will disown you before ever dealing with them again . 
miss my babies already & its been less than 24 hours .... its gunna be a LLLOOOOONNNNGGGG 3 weeks . 
\you googled your flip flops ? \ " \ 
I won a radio lastnight !! It looks like a 1980's throwback with the dials and one big speaker on the side . I must admit it made me a little nostalgic for my childhood ! And I even used it this morning to listen Bennington's own WBTN ! ( Only fitting since thats who I won it from ! ) 
9.5 work hours left !! 
Last few hours until a whole week and a half of FREEDOM !!!!! Watch out Alaska were comming and may not be leaving !!! 
WOOOOHOOOOO !! 
I'm sitting on an island with the two people I love the most & a dog I adore ! Life does not get any better ! 
Home and back to work :( I miss < PROPFIRST > already . 
Welcome to the world < PROPMALE > Doak !! Congratulations to my cousins on their 3rd baby !! Love you both < PROPFIRST > Doak & < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Doak !!!! 
time change/jet lag finally caught up to me .. i was 20 mins late for work & it would have been worse if < PROPFEMALE > didnt call to wake my ass up ... good start to the morning ! grrrrr 
I've got my feet on the ground & I don't go to sleep to dream . 
Great weekend @ MYC for their annual party . I learned a great many things ! Like that the alphabet should definitely be done in script ; not block letters , the boss is becomming a lightweight , and < PROPFIRST > and i are way more photogenic after we've tied one on ! Oh and you get a standing ovation for switching shirts ! lol 
Long night ahead of me ... & tomorrows worse .... grrrr . i just want quiet & calm .. it never happens . 
why can i braid my kids hair but cant manage to be coordinated enough to do my own ?? 
I love clients who call to tell you they are moving locations but dont know the new address WTF !!! SERIOUSLY ?? dont bother calling me until you know ! all you accomplished with the first call was to disrupt my day & waste my time when i was actually being productive . Now that random string of productivity has been killed . my boss thanks you . 
WOW MELTDOWNS !!! The girls are sooo excited for school to start tomorrow that we have had nothing but a stead stream of fighting & tears ALLL NIGHT LONG !!! So much fun . 
first I get telemarketers calling my cell phone now im getting txt-mrktrs .. WTF !!! 
Transitioning to Public school has been a culture shock for me ! I have met some really great families but there are those you dont want to stand to close to & can't seem to fit in anything but sweats . Ironically I realized this A.M. how silly I look to them ! I had numberous heads turn in amazement as if they had never seen high heels before !! Silly part is I'm in jeans for casual friday . Just classed em up a bit ! 
Just got treated badly @ Sacred Heart ... ONE MORE REASON WHY I REFUSE TO PAY TO SEND MY KIDS THERE !! However it was nice putting that person in their place and not caring that it will somehow affect my childs school experiance !! :oP C U Next Tuesday !! 
OMG It's official Mama's back in college as of today ... WHAT THEY HELL WAS I THINKING ?!?!?!? 
got cleared to work out again !! yay !! 
My poor < PROPFEMALE > has had a rough week ! 1st the dentist says she needs a little kid root canal on a molar ( getting done today ) , being that its one she will have until shes a teen they dont want to pull it just yet cause it will mess up future placement . Then we claimed our usual room at the ER so she could get her nose cauterized after her 3rd nosebleed in one day . But hey no cavities this time ! 
off to take < PROPFEMALE > to the dentist .. GRRRR 
I'm well on my way to my 4.0 ! Just took my first quiz & aced it ! ok , ok , so it was first week stuff so , kinda easy . But the mail man hasn't brought my books so I was winging it . Gotta get props for that right ?!? 
hands down funniest thing i read all day was ... \I hear that Carnies do baby installations for free ! \ " hahahahahhahahaha " 
i want to go back to when life was fun ... 
uuuugggghhhhh somethings gotta give ... 
note to self : while you may be a direct decendent of superwoman you are not the real magilla . also , even she has her kryptonite . 
OMFG STRESS !!!!! 
needs to learn to put boundries on her commitments ... apparently going through life saying yes to everything and taking on to much is in fact killing me . 
While enjoying a lil light reading for class during lunch I came across this : \Research shows that people of a homosexual origin are just as capable of raising children as a regular couple\ " ... UHHH NO SHIT ! I can't believe someone wasted money to research the fact that a human is capable of raising a little human ! " 
ENG teacher decides to assign work from a book NO ONE in the class owns because she never put it anywhere on the syllabus ... then tells us all basically tough shit when we all said we will not be able to get the work done on time ... AWESOME ! 
Chilly day in VT !!!! YAY !!!! SNOW IS SOON TO FOLLOW !!!! WOOOHOOOO !!! less than 100 days until mountains open !!! 
<~~~~ is sticking around this weekend . FYI I'm thinking that I should have a lil post summer/pre fall party . who's in ? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Rivers ? < PROPFIRST > Oldham ? < PROPFEMALE > Bruso ? anyone ?? :) call me ! 
I just caught Emiy mouthing off to me ; so obviously I told her to never do it again . As shes walking away I saw her doing it again but not actually saying anything outloud , just making the motions . So I peeked around the corner . She jumped a mile in the air . It was sooo hard not to laugh my butt off while yelling at her again ! I love those moments ! I'll bet she thinks twice before doing it again !!! 
thank goodness the longest 4 day week of my life is over !! yay weekend ! 
someday i'll know what its like to sleep in ... darn kids . 
i think i just blew my eardrum out again ... opening a sun chips bag . yeah im that cool 
GS , GS and more GS ...... i apparently don't know how to follow Dr. s orders & quit ... someone should just shoot me to slow me down ... not to kill , just wing an arm or something . ( not a leg either , need those for snowboarding !! ) 
Every morning i wake up to find it a little chillier than the day before and i get soooooo excited !! winter is so close i can almost smell the snow !! 
feels a need for a new pair of shoes ... and maybe some more clothes ! totally planning on shopping for lunch ! 
aaahhhhhhhh ! retail therapy ! still didn't buy shoes though , but since the kids both need sneakers im sure i won't walk outta the store emptyhanded tonight ! 
starving and pissed ... how did a beautiful friday become hell ?... oh right ! I had kids . 
my head is pounding , my stomach is turning , and im exhausted from being up all night sick . what a way to start the week . 
1 ) I know I was planning on startin cold & flu season off with a big bang BUT if your so sick that you can barely breath & have spent half the day in the bathroom you should probably go & work from your home office . Thank you for sharing your germs . My boss thanks you too . 2 ) There IS a can of air freshener in the bathroom ... USE IT . 
WOOOOHOOOOO !! Its friday ! lotsa relaxing planned for this weekend ! 
how strange to think of someone from your past that had a profound impact on you only to google their name and find out they passed away 1 year ago today . :( 
and it all falls down ........ 
so many unexpected turns .... when the hell did life get so hard ? 
my life is not lived to serve you . it is lived for me . dont like it ? move on . 
Found out the bestest news EVER lastnight !! We get to pick up the bike from the shop on saturday !!! WooooHooooo ! One last ride before it gets to cold !! SO EXCITED !! 
my mind is officially gone , can't remember a single friggen thing anymore . this time it was bad . the boss is gunna be pissed i spaced on a training i am supposed to be at right now .. and i forgot to go to the store @ lunch to buy my kid the rest of her birthday gifts .... her birthday is today . awesome mom of the year award right here 
feels like i've been kicked in the stomach ........ 
The more I hear about this towns lovely catholic school the happier I am that I got my great children out of it before they became jaded and ruined too ! WOW SHSF !! WOW ! No wonder enrollment is severly down ! 
I pulled an all nighter & surpassed rockstar status !! WooHoo !! To bad it was because I was doing homework ... yeah thats how awesome my life is . 
i love it when people are trying to be all sneaky & vindictive behind my back , and especially love it then they make it all dramatic ! problem is i dont give a shit so their cattiness is wasted . its laugh-worthy ! I'm having so much fun hearing the tales , keep them comming !! i need a good laugh ! 
the man has an interview in .... VERMONT !!!!!! prayers are being said like 100x a day until he gets it !!! first time i've smiled in weeks !! SOOOO EXCITED !! 
woohoo ! the man will be here in less than 24 hours ! yay !! 
A fun filled weekend of pinkeye ahead ! oh yeah ! Thanks Wendy-Kate Comar !!! we still love ya though ! 
Great weekend of chutes & ladders , Pumpkin carving , shopping , lots of yummy fall foods ! 
Waiting is killing me !! 
TONS of blankets , food , beer , and warm clothes all packed for camping this weekend ! 
IT'S SNOWING !!!!! not much but I'll take all I can get !! 
yay for the end of the day !!! 
Facebook is WWAAAYYYY more interesting than the first 40 pages of my DSM-IV-TR Manual .... grrr 
Had a total mom moment today ... while rushing around to get the kids ready for school i realized AFTER i dropped them off and was driving to work that i never even combed my hair this morning . Lets hope I dont have any suprise drop-in from clients ! 
was supposed to read 100ish pages lastnight ... but i FINALLY slept AND had a nice warm boyfriend to snuggle with . im thinkin the trade off was totally worth it ! 
Is a happy girl !! 
Heading HOME for the weekend !! CAN'T WAIT !! Just need to grab the kids @430 , and a fresh 12pk for a present ( Cause anyone who knows me knows the first one i bought totally didn't last long in my house !! OOPS ! Fresh is better anyways ! lol ) 
WOOOHOO !!!! Weekend here we come !! ADDED BONUS ~~> I'm so great a writer that I DONT have to take an extra course in Writing for my masters , In fact they only had great things to say ! Nothing negative at all !!! YAY !! 
Great saturday night ! It was amazing to be \home\ " with the Mitstifers !! " 
totally jealous that my boyfriend spent the day snowboarding yesterday ... this winter is going to suck knowing he's off having fun all day while im stuck in an office . grrrrr 
its beautiful & < PROPFEMALE > & warm & the peak cam for killington is killing me .. I WANNA GO RIDE !!!!!!!!!!! 
totally pissed that a professor keeps making me revise ( 4x's ) an UNGRADED paper , and its not even issues with the topic , its over nit-picky shit like commas . im ready to fly to chicago and punch him . 
This morning I woke up safe and secure in my own home all because my freedom has been fought for by countless self-less military personnel . Thank you . Happy Veterans Day ! 
Some days I just don't have it in me to play nice . 
learned 3 things during lunch today .. 1 ) I still got it ! 2 ) I am all for shamless flirting if it is for a good cause 3 ) tomato soup is still yummy even after it pisses you off by ruining a perfectly good white shirt 
< PROPFEMALE > sucks ... he gets all the credit for the cool shit I buy my kids at christmas .. 
I think it's funny how people spin stories to cover their asses . You f-ed up , admit it . People forgive & forget the small shit easily . Lies live on forever . 
Thinks rent-a-center needs to smarten up a lil ... one of my great neighbors keeps failing to pay his < PROPMALE > so they repo their couchs .. only to have him pay 2 days later at which time they bring him a new couch ... and repeat a week later . they have been in my driveway 2x a week for 2 months for this dirt bag .... grrrr 
rest of the house is clean for once ... now the big debate .. homework or tackle the kids room while they are gone ? ( so i can throw stuff away or donate it without their knowledge or fights ! ) 
FOOD DRIVE to benefit The Bennington Coalition of the Homeless . If your in the Bennington area stop by Price Chopper from 5-6 and help my Girl Scout Troop collect food !! 
proud of my girl scouts my trunk is FULL of food for the homeless shelter ! good job girls !!!! 
Neeeeeds a drink ... 
Work Work Work . Thats all I do . damn I've become boring . 
is on the verge of self implosion .... 
COME ON MOTHER NATURE !!! It's DECEMBER , give us a lil snow instead of this rain bullshit ! 
Parent teacher conference time .. 
I am convinced that my apartment is making us sick . I found more mold . I NEED to move ! any 2-3 br apts available in benn that anyone knows about ?? 
Kids are still sniffly but feeling much better , < PROPFIRST > passed all his tests , and I got some much needed sleep .... GREAT Weekend !!!! 
Why is it I know my credit card number by heart but can't seem to remember my own friggen phone number ?? 
I should find a field of work that does not involve computers . I am computer cursed . Somehow got a virus on my work one & broke my scolly thingy on my mouse ... and thats just today ..... 
Skipping teachers conferences , not calling your kids , and passing them off on the first available family member does not make you a dad . Playing Candyland , I Spy , Rock/Paper/Scissors ( 500x's ) , helping them with their homework , caring for them when they are sick or hurt , and being there for them does . I hope you know what your throwing away . Lucky for me it's my gain ! 
Truth hurts dont it ! 
So killington has all these great deals ...... as long as its NOT a kid your bringing ! My wallet is crying right now ! 
Fantastic weekend ! < PROPFEMALE > learned how to < PROPFIRST > & is finally linking her turns smoothly ! She was doing AWESOME as long as she didn't know I was watching ! < PROPFIRST > rode a chair lift for the first time , can handle longer runs now , & finally LOVES skiing ! 
my kids get a 2 hour delay and I'm the one sitting here finishing up homework ... WTH ?? I need to move closer to a Mountain so we can use 2 hour delays more wisely by getting in a few runs ! 
dear professor .. first you say no citations . now you tell me it sounds like plagarism w/o citations . ( meanwhile turnitin.com says it's a 1% < PROPMALE > of plagarism ) additionally you asked me if i would like extra time to complete the assignment because you gave me someone elses .. i said yes . now your taking that back .... oh were gunna fight ! 
Can't wait to go home & see what the boyfriend has made me for lunch !!! 
Kids gifts are all wrapped , YAY ! 
hates the holidays .... bears do it up right , they sleep riiiight through them , i wanna be a bear . 
Just got the first angry phone call of the season ... ahhh its Christmas ! Have I meantioned how much I hate the holidays ..... 
\That ... Foose-Ball \"" 
soooo wish I could take a snow day !! 
gloves are optional . helmets are not when atempting 2 snowboard down south street . BONUS ~ when cops show up , turn your back 2 ' em . 
It's a good thing I have kids ... they keep me out of soooo much trouble !! 
Boss just delivered AWESOME news !!! He's letting us out at 1pm !! YAY to the 3 1/2 day weekend !! 
Sometimes doing the right thing is awful scary ... 
Thinks the Bennington P.D. needs a few Ethics classes .... 
It's a snow day in VT !!!!! YAY !!!! 
Shouldn't have days off .... days off lead to researching trips to Disney for the kids ... good for them . bad for mommys wallet ! 
Home with a sick baby girl ... 
a secluded cabin somewhere off the grid is looking better and better every day 
Perspective is a great thing ... who knew that beer and a few shots can actually give you that ! 
Someday should be today . 
MEAN PEOPLE SUCK !!! 
my poor monkey is sick on a snow day . no fun for her ... 
Wishes every morning could be like this morning !! 
Just because you only have one life , that doesn't mean you can't fit many different lives into it . 
HAHAH My horoscope says I should focus on any problems that make me want to run away .... ummm no ... i think i'd rather run away 
listening to my boss on the phone ~ \We have a Line down on < PROPFIRST > Street .. Well I think it's a phone line because a pedestrian just walked up to it and moved it to go under it . \ " ARE PEOPLE REALLY THAT DUMB ?!?!?!?! THAT IDIOTS LUCKY TO BE ALIVE . " 
so much for being done with my homework by 10 .... still at least 1 more paper to type ... at the very least ... grrr 
My kid is 8 today ... 8 ?!?! really ?!?! Where does the time go ? 
OK I'm done with the reality check .... bring on a lil normalcy please !! 
I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS OR HAD CANCER . MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION , AND IN HONOR OF ALL THOSE WHO ARE FIGHTING CANCER Cancer SUCKS !!! 
Tonight's agenda - < PROPFIRST > Oldham a.k.a. my \client\ " will subject himself to being interviewed for the sake of MY passing grade !! < PROPFIRST > I promise to erase the recording as soon as class is over so there will be no incriminating evidence hanging around for when you run for gov'na ... maybe ! :) " 
UUUGHHH this whole week can just die 
errands are FINALLY done , now onward to homework and cleaning so the kids can go sledding tomorrow . ( they've been threatened , no clean room ... NO SLEDDING ) 
All too often people tell me things in confidence . I never betray . ( In fact I consider it good practice for when I will be bound by Dr. /Patient confidentiality . ) Yet when I let down my own guard and confide in them they feel it necessary to let the world know .... Makes me want to start spilling their secrets ... and damn do I have some good ones !! 
7 article reviews , a 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper , girl scout cookie orders collected & submitted , a girl scout meeting , 2 dr. appointments , a 4 hour drive to oneonta to drop the kids w their dad , and baking 2 pies for a ski patrol pot luck on saturday means I get to spend my birthday finishing my homework instead of snowboarding :( boo 
Thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes ! 
Thank you everyone so so much for all the birthday wishes !! I had a fantastic day that was only made better by all of you !!! XOXOXO 
you know what your reading is getting boring when you start giving the authors accents based on their lastname just to make it interesting ..... uuughhhh one more paper to go ... if it doesn't kill me or make me insane first . 
?????????? Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ?????????? 
Heard today - \When you asked if you could go back to school .... \ " UMMM I DIDN\ " T ASK ! I TOLD ! and the telling was done out of courtesy because once I get my degree .... in a field that has nothing to do with insurance ... I'M OUT ! Besides why would I need my managers ( or bosses ) approval for returning to school ??? THATS RIGHT !! I DON'T!! " 
Gots myself some new boarding boots ! Would MUCH rather be out breaking them in ... but responsible me is at work :( 
Hi Ho Hi Ho .. it's off to Girl Scouts I go , But hey it's World Thinking Day , get to teach my lil munchkins all about that ! 
My adorable man had me up so early this morning I actually had time to make Waffles with Mascarpone , Fresh Berries , and < PROPFEMALE > before work ... He claims he just couldn't sleep ... somehow I think getting me to make him waffles was the master plan ! 
Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends . 
Snow day for the kiddos .... Thank goodness for my jilly taken the girls so I don't miss even more work from all these crazy ( but lovely ) snowdays ! Come on SVSU your in VERMONT , this isn't the first flakes to ever fly here we should be used to it by now ! 
Question of the day .... how bad do I NEED The North Face Apex jacket ?!?!? I can call it a late birthday gift to me right ?? lol 
I realize it is the law to stop for people in a crosswalk but it does NOT apply if they are crossing the crosswalk of a side street . So thank you mister for slamming on your brakes in the middle of a snow storm causing me to skid 10 ft into the back of your tailer hitch . I am so glad that your truck is fine but my bumber is not . Had you moved 1 ft forward this could have never happened . < PROPMALE > 
so while checking on a delivery of school books i am waiting on i noticed that they went to latham , ny ( an hour to the west ) from there they went to brattleboro , vt ( an hour to the east ) ..... you have to drive right through bennington to get from one place to the other .... ups needs to re-evaluate their delivery process ! 
just bought movies @ blockbuster & i have to say my best buy was < PROPFEMALE > & Beezus ! < PROPFEMALE > many memories of reading the books years ago ! 
dr apt has left me home on the couch in crazy pain , hopefully it ends soon i feel like im dying 
AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!! 
got the kids asleep , wrote them each a love note in their journals , g.s. crap is squared away ( for once ) , i'm thinking it's time for a cocktail and a movie ! 
first a two hour delay ... now a sick < PROPFEMALE > . But on the up side she gets all attention on her for the day without the all-eyes-must-be-on-me attention demanding < PROPFEMALE > driving her nuts ! 
it would figure that sunday ( i.e. my ONLY day off in like a month and for god only knows how long to come ) was < PROPFEMALE > and nasty but today is < PROPFEMALE > and beautiful , because i am at work and cannot go snowboarding ..... grrr ! I need a more flexable job ! 
I've been selling Ins too long ! I'm @ a kids b-day watching a clown balance on a ball while juggle & I wonder if he's insured . SAD ! 
I need a stunt double .... to handle my obligations so i can go have fun ! :( I wanna go snowboarding . 
Save the date !! March 30 , 2011 Go to Chili's in Bennington in support of the Bennington Coalition for the Homeless . The Bennington Coalition for the Homeless strives to help local families get back on their feet and secure their own housing , The Coalition cannot do it alone , we need your help ! 
Save the date ! March 30 , 2011 Go to Chili's in Bennington in support of The Bennington Coalition for the Homeless . The Coalition strives to help local families get back on their feet and secure their own housing , The Coalition cannot do it alone , we need your help ! Just print out a flyer from my profile picture and take it in to Chili's on the 30th to give 10% of your < PROPMALE > to the Coalition ! 
May your glass be ever full . \ 
May the roof over your head be always strong . \ 
And may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you're dead . \ 
HAPPY ST . PATRICK'S DAY !! 
Rearrange these words : 1 ) PNEIS 2 ) HTIELR 3 ) NGGERI 4 ) BUTTSXE ... \ 
Did you read : Spine , lither , < PROPFEMALE > and subtext ? Naughty Naughty ! 
Looks like ANOTHER day home with a sick kid ... this mama just can't catch a break lately ... grrrrrrrr 
From feeling guilty to NOT ... in less than a minute . Might be a new record for me ! 
my head is killing me ..... ugh first migrane in ages , i forgot how much they suck . 
Seriously struggling on my homework this week ... to many other things that need to be done makes it hard to focus .... grrrr . 
