I'm home ! Finally ! 

Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas 
\Have another drink and drive yourself home . \ " <-- hahahahahahahahaha " 
excited for September 22nd . and you should be too . 
is going to St. < PROPFIRST > on a mission trip tomorrow . getting back ... friday ish . should be interesting i'm guessing ... 
As Cities Burn split up 9 days ago . this makes me very very unhappy . 
School . Ehh 
Fun . Aim And Ignite 
Anybody want to go see Minus The Bear and As Tall As Lions on Nov 22nd with me ? It is a Sunday ... 
Hasn't gone to school since Tuesday . No finals is ok with me . Working Friday Saturday Sunday otherwise i'm pretty much free until Montag . 
I KEEP ENDING UP ON HERE INSTEAD OF MICROSOFT WORD ! AHH ! 
mlia and mystery google have pretty much made my night , however they have definitely not done my homework ... /sigh .... 
Just downloaded like , 50 new albums .. At least I will have something to listen to for the next two months . 
Was attempting to turn left out of the high school parking lot , but my car changed it's mind and did an awesome spin . It wanted to go the other way . * * No humans were hurt in the execution of this status , although < PROPMALE>'s faith in his car is somewhat damaged . 
Gearing up for spending the next 5 hours at his computer , slaving over a fishbowl and a lit analysis . 
I don't understand why people are making such a big deal out of someone doing something stupid . Doesn't that happen all the time ? I mean , it's not like saying a simple word will fix anything , and neither will sucking up . Chances are , you're not the one who offended the other people . People assign meaning to words , and I'll be damned if most of them haven't learned any better . 
Well ... I'm going to Florida tomorrow . Nobody die while I'm gone . I wanna see your ugly mugs at school when we get back . 
Has officially been accepted by Iowa State now ... But thanks for the condescending assembly anyways ! 
My Sennheiser HD555's came in the mail today ! Too bad I have to build a fricken trebuchet instead of being able to use them :( 
Donated some of his spending money to Haiti via Red Cross , and suggests that you do the same . Fun Fact : Haiti is the poorest country in the western hemisphere and one of the poorest in the world . 
has a polychronic fear of clowns and kittens 
Stupid homework . Why do you always have to exist AND make me busy !?!? 
Brothersport . That is all . 
In a doodling mood . 
Not to brag or be vain or anything , but I felt incredibly charismatic today . Maybe I'll try it again tomorrow . 
Dear chai tea , we should < PROPFEMALE > out together more often . I think I am in love with you . Goodnight . Sincerely , < PROPMALE > Irmiter . 
Daughters of the Soho Riots . 
The Grammys : Mediocre bands celebrating mediocrity on a large scale since 1958 . 
Off to compete in Yazz Baand then going up to Ames tonight . Busy day busy day . 
In love with Dog Problems . Nate Ruess is a winner . 
Going out and about . Jaw hurt from laughing so much last night , visiting everyone all the time everywhere forever . Tonight should follow the same suit . 
Is pleased to announce that he will be back at school tomorrow hopefully making life a little less drab for those who care . End of broadcast . 
Thrice and Manchester Orchestra at People's Court on the 25th of April . 10 days after Fun . Comes to Iowa City . April is going to be ahhmazing for concerts . 
Words do not describe how much fun I had yesterday/today . I sense an amazing week ahead . 
You know how those people in the bad comedies wake up and walk straight into a wall because they are still so tired and then the sitcom audience laughs ? That happened to me this morning , minus the audience . 
I feel like I should see the movie Precious now . An Education and District 9 also both look relatively interesting . 
Goodbye snow , hello swamp :( 
I feel as if I'm one of the only people that are in town for break . It's boring to say the least . 
New Obsession : 30 Rock . 
Movies I've watched recently ... Lets see . Pulp Fiction , Mystic River , Law Abiding Citizen , The Silence of the Lambs , The Breakfast Club ... Also , a bazillion episodes of 30 Rock . I need to stay away from televisions ... 
My week is so full of awesome that I'm gonna have to add an 8th day so that I can fit it all in . 
Concert was pretty great , super excited for VEISHEA tomorrow though . Then I'm just going to die for all of Sunday I guess is the plan ... It'll be worth every minute of it . 
I love walking in the rain . Appearing in public all wet and seeing people I knew ? Not so much . 
Can't wait for Wednesday ... Then Friday ... Then May 20th . 
Suddenly feels older and wiser . Thank you to everyone involved in making yesterday awesome . 
The Wall = Mind Blown 
I gots some down time before I have to do anything ... Time to enjoy the weather . 
ksoieowroinvoaihouewuhr good morning everyone ! 
What is that intoxicating scent you're wearing , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
My graduation party is tomorrow . Come eat my food . 
I DRINK YOUR MILKSHAKE ! SLUUUURRP ! I DRINK IT UP ! 
Just did thank you notes . Procrastination , you will not rule me ! 
Omaha zoo today with some mildly interesting people ... \ 
\ 
Almost beat floating down the river on logs . 
\CAW CAW ! THE BIRDS OF WAR ! \ " -some drunk guy downtown .... I wanted to be his friend . He was hilarious during the 12 seconds I saw him . < PROPFEMALE > Bruecken " 
Anyone wanna roadtrip up to Minneapolis the 5th of August to see The Antlers and The National ? I'll buy your ticket ... Just need someone to go with ! 
Who would have thought that after standing and working for 8 hours my legs would be rather unenthusiastic about a night jog ? Hmm . Unfortunate . 
I don't wanna go there Mrs. Torrence . 
Work is overrated . I'd have just as much fun with my time if I were a bum . 
See ya . 
I see that Iowa is lookin awesome as always . 
Road trip/The National/The Antlers day has come ! AHHHH ! So excited ! 
Gotta put my lip balm on these crusty crusts ... STAY ON YOUR SIDE ! 
She had too much champagne and a monkey knocked her into some quicksand ... Coulda happened anywhere ! 
Heima by Sigur Ros is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen ... Just saying . 
Hour and a half of studying down ... Only three more to go ! 
Things I've dug lately : Menomena , Madvillain , Public Transportation , Sociology , College Class Schedules , yadda yadda yadda ... College is fun . 
Just kicked up the coffeemaker ... Time to make a good-natured attempt to not horrify the locals . 
Can't write a philosophy paper under two pages to save my life . 
\Major sources of unhappiness are selfishness and lack of mental cultivation \"- John < PROPMALE > Mill " 
Just shaved my head ... Oh boy . 
Kicked the poo outta my Polisci test today .... Like , it doesn't have any poo left in it ... 
Studying for philosophy for a test tomororrow whilst brushing up on my 30 Rock for the season premiere tomorrow .... Excitement bu < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ilding . 
Keeps meeting weird people walking across campus . I love it . 
Even after two months Ames is still throwin ' me curveballs . 
Just realized that I'm gonna go see Fun . Tuesday ... Yesssss . 
Found a < PROPFEMALE > face up today . Automatic good end to a good weekend ? I think yes . 
Right meow ? No not right meow . Later meow . Alright meow . Well , since not right meow , can I have some ketchup meow ? Did you just call me ma'am ? 
Apparently after your third hour in a coffee shop abusing their internet the workers are allowed to start shooting you dirty looks ... 
plans on writing \ANDY\ " on the left foot of overly drunk people this weekend . Toy Story 3 anyone ? " 
Gonna check this Yell like Hell shenanigans today , did like 300% better on my tests than I thought I would , and this weekend is gonna be totes awesome . Wunderbar . 
God loves ugly . 
Hmm ... 
Stomping Grounds round 2 . 
Can't wait to see Dredg tonight . 
Going to be at home in less than a few hours . Hell yes . 
Really really really wants to go see Black Swan . ! 
Can't wait to get back to Ames . 
Upside of today ? Finished my first college class ! \ 
Downside of today ? Stepped on a poor girl's foot while getting out of my row . 
And so is the beginning of dead week , which means that I will be listening to Stars of the Lid's discography daily , reading till my eyes get puffy and red , and writing until I can't write no mo ' . Huzzah . 
What makes you think I'm enjoyin ' bein ' led to the flood ? 
< PROPFIRST > House Home Improvement featuring < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and the rest of the family . 
My 2010 album list ... It is nearly complete ! 
Bloodbuzzed . 
Crossing my fingers I don't get another roomate . No e-mails yet ! 
There is no amount of sleep deprivation that Red Bull can't fix . 
New Explosions In The Sky this year . Huzzah . 
Cats only meow at people , not other cats . Fun fact of 1/18/2011 . 
Dear lazy Iowa Staters , \ 
If you aren't willing to kick your own ass I don't understand why you would even bother walking over to Lied . Go somewhere else to sit/stand around and text your friends . 
The groundhog didn't see his shadow today ! 
