thanks everybody for the birthday wishes . it means a lot to me . happy new year ! 

my phone died . sorry bec lol 
11:30 ?! im going to bed 
I think i like this facebook thing . 
Just finished 18 holes .... you don't want to know 
wow , i still have to read all that stuff for AP . that sucks 
K , it's great that people like songs and find meaning in them , but why do they have to put the lyrics up on facebook ? I'm so confused by this ! 
Glad fair is over , things are looking up 
Its all Rainbows and Butterflies right now 
it's 9:30 . why am i awake ? 
i don't know bc im sooo confused 
< PROPFEMALE > garden today ..... awesome ... i love breadsticks 
anybody else get screwed on their schedules ? 
< PROPFEMALE > kiefer has issues , but the good kind .... lol 
Where is everyone ? Don't they know its still summer ? 
When life gives you lemons , make lemonade . But What do you do when life gives you a cranky mother ? 
TERRIBLE night at work ... made 10 bucks 
No more work this week , plan on sending summer off with a bang ! BOOM 
ahhhh .... < PROPFEMALE > love hewitt ..... ghost whisperer reruns never get old lol 
Back from the lake , work tonight , SCHOOL TOMORROW !!?? 
ok , there is NO way Hundey has 750 friends . he's not THAT likable . lol 
I just got a twitter ..... i feel dirty .... 
i only work thursday and sunday this week . awesome 
wow , STATS is boooooooooooring . 
Going to the range 2nite ! then < PROPFIRST > b's . WOOH ! 
did you all get a special message about facebook lite ? or should i feel special ? 
home from work , it was a good night . gonna TRY to get some sleep tonight . Bad dream last night ... 
Ruck Fitchmond 
dentist today .... ewwwwww . 
Just ate blue < PROPFEMALE > ice cream .... you should see my face lol 
ATTENTION : ALL HIGH SCHOOL MALES . Um , i signed up for powderpuff cheerleading and no one else did so , who wants to help ? free belly shirts ....! 
work at 5 and still TONS of homework . 
OHHH BOYY !!! except not because i have to work lol 
still haven't found my mp3 player ..... been 2 weeks . Any used ipods for sale ? lol 
isn't motivated enough to do \preventive\ " homework . ( it would prevent me from being pissed tomorrow night ) " 
Ok , spent lunch with the ladies today ... girls minds are WAYYYY more perverted than guys . I actually almost vomited up my chicken sandwich .... 
I LOVE CHA CHA !!!!!!!!!! 
wow , does anyone else have a HUGE case of \senioritis \"?" 
' s parrot just took a chunk out of his finger ..... 
this was just a terrible night .... no ice cream and no PURPLE DRANK !!! 
well , the first officail friday ... feels so nice ......... 
Wowwww , i hate football , especially when the bears win , and even more when farve wins ! 
i wish facebook chat actually worked 
gotta work tonight , come visit me and give me your $$$$ ! ! lol 
\every step you took left a footprint on my heart\ " anyone else know that song ? " 
I'll sum up another sleepless night with a song ... flake - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
it's funny how life treats us sometimes . On one hand , theres sooo many things to enjoy , to love . but on the other theres darkness , and it takes some time and work to find the lightswitch . I just hope i find it soon . lol 
sucha crappy day , but i think i like it ? anyone else lay awake and listen to the storm this morning ? 
tired , annoyed , blissful . funny combination huh ? night all 
if i were a bird , i think i'd wanna be a hummingbird . They fly realllly fast . And on that note ... night all 
ummm , it's HOMECOMING !!! but the rain kinda sucks ... 
Loves saturdays . Theres just something about having to do nothing ya know ? Ahhhhhh ..... 
Ithankyou 
hate school , hate work , but im lovin ' life right nowww 
Not enough time in the day 
AHAHAHAHAHA , wow , sucha good night now . You donnnn't wanna know . ahahahahaha 
WHOEVER stole my balls off the senior homecoming float , please give them back .... Please 
Busy day today .... 
wow wow we wow 
Great night . Has anyone watched vampire diaries ? it's actually pretty intriguing ....... 
loss to portland tonight .... but apparently my umbrella is a chick magnet lol 
THANKS FOR RETURNING MY BALLS !!!!! but i'm locking them on the jeep now lol 
THANKS FOR GIVING MY BALLS BACK !!!!! but they're gettin locked on the jeep now lol 
ohhhh yesssss - bout to dig into the biggest bowl of ice cream i've ever made myself =)) 
oops i forgot to log off on becca's laptop ! hehehe ... 
Alright , i'm looking for some input . Let's start a list of the best songs of this year . 
Okay , the last list got a bit off topic lol . Music Input Wanted Here . 
tomorrows gonna suck . sarurday school to blakes to big boy ....... why ? lol 
( 630 ): She ordered a salad and a budweiser . I love her . ahahahahahaha , this guy must be from armada 
ahahaha , i have no picture !!! ( i think ) 
Happy Holidays .... ahahaha http://elfyourself.jibjab.com/view/Z1gBfSJAr9Le8XUrVcsR 
interesting day so far .... 
i was gonna type stuff for * insert name of exam here * but i really couldn't care less 
=) good day after a great night . i love november 
awww man . i love apple dumplings ..... so sad =( 
wow if you have sprint - get rid of it . 
hmmmm . i think i feel a snow day coming on lol 
swine flu .... i think i'm immune lol 
DONE WITH FOSTER'S PROJECT ! its fricken sweet 
is no longer employed .... 
i think i might be on the verge of contracting swine .... uh oh happy holidays lol 
ahahahaha , i love christmas ....... 
i have to ride the bus tomorrow morning for the first time in 2 years ...... < PROPMALE > dislike 
ahhhhh , christmas break ..... ^_^ 
ahhhhh , still christmas break ^_^ 
best christmas ever- hands down 
hmmm . new years < PROPFEMALE > .... why is it on a friday this year ? that sucks soooooo bad . see < PROPFEMALE > rybody in school monday lol 
Thanks for the birthday wishes guys , very successful birthday 
okay ... if facebook won't give us a dislike button , how bout a \heavy sigh\ " button ? " 
hmmmmm , I think i just ate some bad meat .... let's hope that goes alright . lol 
i'm not writing a sonnett mr. < PROPMALE > .... you can't make me lol 
ohhh facebook .... has it really been 9 days ? 
thinkin about givin up on farmville ..... )`: it's sad 
aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
so , track practice ...... i actually lost the ability to see colors for a bit 
sooo , anybody else workin on their < PROPMALE > paper ? ha 
Ahhhhhhhh spring break in full swing . feels good 
spilled diesel all over myself . =( 
2 weeks of school left ..... TONS of final papers due =( 
Just got back from europe last night , posting pics asap 
placement tests today .... >=( 
tooo many parties today !! a little communication poeple ! lol 
i love my basement .... so cold ..... ^_^ 
grad party hasn't even started yet and i'm already exhausted lol 
work at 6am .... and im still on facebook lol . night all 
watching pirate radio\ 
it's awesome 
Goodbye guys , and good luck at college . I'll be here ...... at macomb ...... not central ...... \ 
lol see you at break time ;) 
Fox news , thank you for giving family guy so much to work with . 
So ..... first day at macomb and so far i'm pretty lucky - all of my teachers so far speak fluent english lol 
post some cool songs , i'm getting bored with my current collection =) 
really starting to miss seeing you all everyday 
just had my blood pressure taken by 6 nursing students while i was checking my email . gotta love macomb 
soooo tired of the whole work school sleep thing . It's like someone else is running my life but i'm footing the < PROPMALE > lol 
register for classes ..... 7am ? whyyyyyyy ? =( 
first facebook post in a looong time . see you guys at work tomorrow lol 
