realized at 11:30 am today that she had $168 left in flex-spending that expires at 11pm tonight ... Figured that $168 worth of Advil would be excessive , so ran and ordered a pair of glasses on her lunch break . 

\Sauerkraut recipe\ " is the #5 search on Yahoo today . WHY ?! " 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Mmmm . Homemade applesauce . Made by my grandma from apples from my dad's orchard . Doesn't get better than that ! 
just installed her internet by herself and is very proud ... and excited to be back online ! 
is excited to start getting her own caseload ... but has LOTS of training to complete first ! 
is creeped out since it looks like FB raided her email account without authorization ... I keep getting friend suggestions of people I have maybe sent one email to EVER , and I did not enter my gmail password to look for friends ... 
Turns out that kitties left in a small room for 12 hours come out turbo-charged for several hours thereafter . 
joined 2009 and got a phone with texting abilities . 
Wow ! < PROPFIRST > Mays too ? Rough week for the famous ... 
had an INTENSE day at work . I think they're worried I won't come back tomorrow ... 
Whoa ! From the Northfield News Police Report : \Graffiti was written on a sidewalk with chalk in the 700 block of < PROPMALE > Parkway . \ " Good to know the police have a handle on it ! " 
got her first paycheck ! 
wonders how many \Jessica Brogger\ " s are out there . There is another one on FB and she knows of two others as well . Hmmmm . " 
wishes everyone a safe and happy 4th of July ! We really are blessed to have such an amazing country and the freedoms we enjoy . 
just had to stop her < PROPFEMALE > , Raya , from attacking a mouse . The one that belongs to her computer . 
Agghhh ! < PROPFEMALE > just tipped a full glass of pop all over my carpet , wall , and leather chaise . Really wish I had listened to < PROPMALE > and bought a Sham-Wow . 
got schooled on how to use her new work blackberry by one of her teen clients . 
just called Ecuador and learned that my godson can say \madrina\ " now . Too cute ! Just for that he gets an extra-big birthday package ! " 
thinks Aventura + Luda = awesome . 
feels like an old cat lady . 
My grandma just pointed out that by the time she was my age , she already had 5 kids in elementary school . 
Pandora + iTunes = VERY dangerous for < PROPFEMALE > ! 
thinks prairie dogs playing are almost as amusing as her kitties playing . 
registered for her Colorado Driver's License today ... and was asked to officially declare a political party for voting purposes . After registering as \unafilliated\ " she is offically a < PROPMALE > target in the next election . * sigh * " 
Things I love about working with teen parents : 1 ) I can find out the real story on their MySpace pages , 2 ) I can have deep conversations about Beyonce and < PROPFIRST > Z as part of my job , 3 ) The grandparents of the babies are barely older than I am ... 
IMPORTANT !!! Facebook has agreed to let a third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission . Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the log out link . Select PRIVACY . Then select NEWS FEEDS AND WALL . Next select the tab that r 
Canister of < PROPFEMALE > + wax paper makes a great improv rolling pin ! 
Wait ! Facebook is advertising a sperm bank on the side of my < PROPFEMALE > . Seriously , people ! I swear my family is in on this ... 
So turns out when you work by Columbine High School they take security training ubber seriously . I learned all about what I'm supposed to do if a gunman opens fire in our building , and the best position to take if a bomb is about to go off . No joke . 
got paid to go shopping today . Catch is that it was with a 16 year old . 
thinks it is a bit ironic that the local inmates are mowing and landscaping ( in jail gear ) outside of the CHILD PROTECTION building . 
is sad she can't buy Milli Vanilli on i-Tunes . 
So the internet continues to crack me up with ads for this single girl ... newest ( and craziest one ): bharatmatrimony.com . Check it out ! Then try to explain to me just how I fit in their target demographic ... 
scheduled too many appointments for work today ... after staying up 1/2 the night writing court reports that were due this morning . 
is debating Directv for NFL Sunday Ticket . $60/month , must lock into 2 year contract . Advice ??? 
Another thing I love about my job : deep conversations about the Maury plots . 
got a facebook message from another < PROPFEMALE > Brogger , apparently I didn't have my profile as private as a thought I had ! Good to know ! 
loves that she goes to a church with Black worship leaders . 
has discovered that her cats love lettuce . Random . 
sat in court absolutely all day today . Ugggh . 
is looking forward to < PROPMALE > Osmond on Dancing With the Stars . :) 
is DEFINITELY getting Directv to watch Favre as a Viking . 
just got home from a very expensive trip to Best Buy . 
loves her new laptop . Now it's just a waiting game for the TV to arrive and Directv to be installed . 
would move back to Machala in a heartbeat . 
topped off the week from hell at work by working 8am til 11:30 pm on Friday . Awesome . 
wonders why her clients think she's available 24/7 . She has received at least 3 voice mails in the last 30 minutes , and refuses to check them . 
is very glad she opted to spring for the apartment with a soaking tub ... ' cause she needs it for the stress relief this week ! 
is ready for some FOOTBALL ! 
has never been so appreciative for a weekend . EVER . 
feels so accomplished . Her apartment reaks of various cleaning fluids . 
is already sick of being Maury . Just once she'd like to be able to say , \You ARE the father . \ " Just once . " 
hooked up her VCR/DVD player and is enjoying her very first movie on her fancy TV . 
appreciates a good old-fashioned phone call from a friend . Fun to catch up with someone you don't know everything about because they aren't on FB . 
is amazed at how bad a room of second-graders smell . Wow . 
wishes her Northfield friends a fun townie night . 
is happy the wait is over and it's finally football season ! 
found out that lice went around her office last week while she was at training ... and has never been so appreciative of a 3-day training . Ever . 
is taking comp time ( for the ridiculous amount of hours she's been working ) and sleeping in tomorrow morning ! ( again ) 
is irritated by the anchorwomen wearing glossy lipstick . It's distracting . 
just completed another 14 hour day and feels oddly accomplished . 
wore all black to work today and told her co-worker it's because she's mourning the loss of sanity . 
hopes work gets less stressful in the very near future , because her retail therapy is becoming quite expensive ! 
flies home tomorrow ... and will be very stressed . 
Go Badgers ! 
is thankful for the butterfly closures that were in her Peace Corps medical < PROPFEMALE > . 
is enjoying \Modern Family\ " on abc.com . Funny show . " 
thinks her fleece sheets might be her best retail therapy purchase of the last few weeks . 
feels like she is no longer drowning at work . YAY ! ( and just officially jinxed herself ) 
did not move to < PROPMALE > to have 18 degree weather with snow on the ground and still falling ... 
thinks the Broncos ' throwback uniforms are the ugliest thing she's ever seen . 
is listening to old-school Boyz II Men . 
thinks every day at work she is reminded how lucky she is . 
' s dad just called to tell her he's watching The Dog Whisperer with his dog . 
' s grandma was reflecting on < PROPFEMALE>'s cooking skills and stated , \Oh well . Maybe you can find a guy that can cook . \"" 
sends her congrats to Oakland fans ( an even sorrier lot than Vikings fans ) . 
finally sent back a DVD to Netflix that she's had since 3/31/09 . 
now has 3 kids on her caseload with silent u's in their names . She'd never heard of silent u's before . 
went to Best Buy with a $25 reward card and couldn't find one darn thing to buy . 
has hot water and heat again . Thank God ! 
no longer swerves to avoid running over the prairie dogs . 
ended the workweek on a positive note , for once . 
is taking advantage of her Netflix membership to watch \Follow That Bird\ " . Classic . " 
was not pleased to get off work at 10:30 pm and find her car buried in snow ... already . 
Really , < PROPMALE > , really ? I move away from MN and get stuck in the worst snowstorm in < PROPMALE > since 1997 . 18\ expected . " 
was shocked by how many people here have no idea how to drive in snow ... then remembered that she heard many in Colorado are originally from Cali . Explains a lot . 
So my cats pulled the litter scoop into their litter box . Am I supposed to assume that is some sort of hint ? 
keeps signing up to volunteer at random places . Salvation Army just wrangled me into a whole bunch of time in the next 6 weeks ... Add that to Big Brothers/Big Sisters and AWANA , and maybe the < PROPFIRST > McDonald House . 
is intrigued by the election results this evening ... 
REALLY wants to feel better . And hopes she doesn't cough through her whole testimony tomorrow . 
feels euphoric that testimony is finally done ... Two months , five hearings , three afternoons on the stand ... and the ruling I was asking for . Por fin . 
Highlight of the week : My middle-age mom supervisor breaking into \I'm on a Boat\ " at the lunch table . Awesome . " 
While the Tampa Bay throwbacks aren't as bad as < PROPMALE>'s , they are still hideous . 
Happy Birthday to Ceci , < PROPFEMALE > ( former partner in crime ) , and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Wednesday : 4 flights in one day , ought to be fun ! 
is having a Law & Order-athon . 
Doubleheader ! Go VIKES ! ( and Cowboys ! ) 
is watching PBS again ... It happens when you get only two channels . Antique Road Show ! American Experience ! Yay ! 
welcomes her grandpa to facebook !!! 
You can't rollerskate in a buffalo herd . 
Two day work week , Turkey , and Black Friday . Shaping up to be best week ever ! 
is considering buying all of her Christmas gifts from the SkyMall magazine . 
came home today and her kitties starting licking the crumbs off the kitchen floor to demonstrate how hungry they were . It worked ; she walked right back out the door and headed to the pet store . Kitties : 3 , Jessica : 0 . 
has banana bread in the oven and is finishing up pumpkin pie . Pretending to be domestic today , I guess . 
thinks day-after-Thanksgiving turkey sandwiches are even better than turkey dinner the day before . 
\I got no more use for this guy . \"" 
just finished powering through a book she simply did not enjoy . 
finished her monthly home visits at 8:30 pm tonight as many clients refused to call her back to schedule for this month . Now those clients have their monthly visits scheduled for 3 months in advance , because < PROPFEMALE > isn't playing this game anymore ! 
Ick . Weather forecast sucks . 
is getting her nightly fix of < PROPFEMALE > Montana . 
is having a musical day ... Started with \The Music Man\ " and now watching \ " Seven Brides for Seven Brothers \"." 
is hoping the Redskins can pull it off ! 
Ah , fond memories . Five years ago today , I had a cast on my right ankle and left arm at the same time . And no , there is no photo evidence of this . 
Wusses ! Everyone is freakin ' out here about how \cold\ " it is and having to plow roads and wear gloves . It's not even below zero ! " 
is amazed by the generosity of others . 
loves her Netflix suggestions : Romantic Foreign Musicals , Cerebral Social and Cultural Documentaries , Emotional Dramas featuring a Strong Female Lead , Mind-bending Independent Comedies , and Critically-acclaimed Suspenseful Crime Movies . Yep , that's about right ! 
is thankful for cuddly kitties . 
is reading Minnesota Court of Appeals unpublished opinions released this week . Because she's that cool . 
If you wanna be a Badger ... 
never gets sick of the song \Tu amor me hace bien \"." 
spent 2 1/2 hours cleaning , and hardly made a dent . * sigh * 
ahhh ... < PROPMALE > electronic dance music . 
Dragostea Din Tei makes me want to learn Romanian ... 
full out solo dance party ... 
Seriously , \Find My Family\ " on ABC is my new weekly tearjerker . " 
is snuggling in bed watching White Christmas . Seen it dozens ( hundreds ? ) of times , and still loves it every time . 
is watching \The Brother From Another Planet\ " on Netflix . Maybe it's time for me to get a date ... " 
got 5 inches cut off her hair , and LOVES it . 
Who says I need more TV channels when I can watch a documentary on warthogs on a Sunday afternoon on one of my 3 channels ?! ( FOX , PBS , and MTV TR3S ) 
On the phone with my dad . Dad : \Did you see that < PROPFEMALE > Murphy died ? \ " Me : \ " How do you even know who that is ?! \ " Who knew he would care ?! " 
spent an hour and forty-three minutes on the phone with her dad . That has got to be some sort of a record ! ( Most of it was car and gun talk . ) 
should apparently never plan to go to Minnesota again . She's 2/2 for having to remove children and place them the night before she leaves for a mini t-t rip to Minnesota . AND ... since she'll be up all night over this one anyway , she's starting her drive in the next hour and driving through the night . Whoo-hoo ! 
had a precarious start to her long trip home ( got lost for an hour and forty-five minutes , then went in the ditch ) , but is home safe after a 22-hour car ride . Whew ! 
is determined to get a full night's sleep tonight . Four hours last night and two hours the day before just aren't cutting it . 
got a call from a teen client today : \You check my MySpace ! That's like blackmail ! \ " Her treatment facility blew my cover . " 
Fun new game ! Raid the medication aisles at Target on the last day of the year to use up your flex medical spending ! It's like being in a toy aisle on the day after Thanksgiving . :) 
13 hours in , and already struggling not to break my New Year's resolutions . 
It's 4 a.m. here , and 5 a.m. in Minnesota , and both my mom and I are on FB . We have problems . 
Ah yes . Late night television . I'm watching a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > concert on PBS that's a fundraiser for a wildlife fund . Awesome . 
stayed at work til 10:30 to get caught up on mileage reports ... And only got til November 24th . Boo . 
\Things aren't perfect at my house anymore . \ " -- First-grader at AWANA after bringing home her new brother . " 
Go Ravens ! 
\I've come to the conclusion that Emslie's eat their dead . \"-- Dad " 
is rockin ' out to < PROPFIRST > Benatar . No better way to close out a Tuesday night . ;) 
Conversation at AWANA tonight with a 6 year old girl ... Girl : I know how to text ! Me : Wow ! Guess what ? When I was your age there was no such thing as cell phones . Or internet . Or computers really . Girl twists up her face and emphatically says : \You're just being CRAZY ! \ " and walks away shaking her head . Me : Laughing hysterically . " 
is rocking out to the brilliance of MJ . RIP . 
Massachusetts ... full of surprises ! 
can not believe that it is 2010 and her frickin ' digital HDTV will not pick up ABC or NBC . $70 antenna ? Check . Converter box even though she doesn't technically need one ? Check . Reception ? Only Fox , PBS , and a few random Spanish and Worship channels . 
baila mi < PROPMALE > mambo swing , baila ! 
According to rhymingnames.com, Chubasca is a good rhyming name with < PROPFEMALE > . I don't know how I feel about that . Wait , I do ! I've never been so glad to be named < PROPFEMALE > ! 
loves our National Anthem . 
is playing fetch with her cat . This is what happens when she gets off of work at a decent hour ... 
has resolved to learn how to make home-made gnocchi this year . 
Question from 9 News : Would you rather go to Australia , or go watch your team play in the Super Bowl . HELLO ! Are you kidding me ? 
\You're the sunshine after the rain ... \"" 
is completing her 2009 taxes . 
is pretty sure that one of the perks of being from a small town is reading the local police log in the newspaper and knowing half of the people . 
just got home from the liquor store . It was that kind of day . 
is proud of her mom for taking the time to get out to the caucus this evening . Well done , Mom ! 
is working on < PROPFEMALE > Montana season 2 . Take that stress ! 
is watching MJ's \This is It . \ " Sure wasn't on top of his game anymore ! " 
Vengaboys go back in time ! 
is chillin ' out with a bit of Chayanne music . I know , you're all shocked . ( It's not even Chayanne Friday ! ) 
' s grandma has discovered Olympic snowboarding , and describes it as \quite awesome ! \"" 
was facebook-stalking people from her past , but then facebook thwarted her efforts . 
vows to not stay up past 2am again tonight ... 
just got home from work . Her life sucks . 
was facebook stalking and just had a total \small world ! \ " moment . :) " 
failed at self-diagnosis via internet . May actually have to go to the doctor . Bleh . 
spent 4 hours crocheting today ... And her fingers are in pain . 
3 staffings , 12 hours and 151 < PROPMALE > later , I am home . 
thought she'd seen all dance movies ... but just found one based on West Coast Swing ! ( Love N ' Dancing , 2008 ) 
is spending her day off watching Bollywood movies . :) 
wonders if it's sad that the highlight of her week was scheduling a dentist appointment ... 
Two court hearings , a LINKS family meeting , two staffings at a treatment facility , and a home visit , and still off by 6:15 . I feel so productive ! 
wonders how FB treats 2/29 birthdays . 
is looking at the < PROPFEMALE>'s ad and having a hard time deciding between financial responsibility or splurging with part of her tax return ... 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
As I finished loading my bananas , bread , and Sprite on the conveyor belt at the supermarket today , the lady looked up cheerily and asked , \How are you today ?! \"" 
is sick . Really sick . Must go to the doctor sick . Ughh . 
continues to have the ongoing battle with getting TV . I broke down and tried to order cable , and even that failed ! Aghhh ! 
spilled on her laptop screen , and thinks there may be some permanent damage . 
just ordered the new Chayanne CD . Mmmmmmm . 
should probably go to bed soon ... Darn ancestry.com! 
Turns out my cats have infinite energy mid-day . I will never come home for lunch again ! 
Just verified that one of her teen clients had an arrest warrant issued today ... and laughed hysterically to see that it was labeled a \high risk arrest \"." 
had a very successful day . 
is 6 out of 12 for March Madness . Dang . 
Villanova ... aghhh ! Just busted my bracket big time , considering I had them as National Champs ! 
So ... when I consolidated my education loans , my monthly payment dropped by $600 . 
Michigan State and < PROPFEMALE > game rocked ! ( Good thing I had MSU winning . ) 
Ecuador on my mind ... Ending up being an expensive day , what with the phone calls to people in Ecuador and signing up online to sponsor an Ecuadorian child . 
Goodbye ACORN ! That's what you get for playing dirty . 
was a little surprised today when she went to jail to visit a client ( who is a registered sex offender ) and they just sent her on through without going through security and had her meet with her client right in the middle of the cell block with all the other guys right there making comments about the \white girl\ " . Awesome . " 
Snow , snow , snow , snow , SNOW ! I think I should watch White Christmas . 
\You never hear of someone being sfathered to death . \"- Modern Family " 
Happy Birthday to two wonderful women , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is enjoying Quantum Leap courtesy of Netflix . 
Double homicide a block and a half from my apartment tonight ... Perhaps I should consider moving . 
survived a 3-hour home visit tonight . At least it wasn't as bad as the 40 minute conversation about masterbation in public places she had at a staffing for a 12 year old boy last month . 
is off to do some apartment shopping . 
No ! More snow in the forecast . < PROPMALE > , you suck . 
Please note : it's \human being\ " not \ " human bean\ " . I have seen \ " human bean\ " TWICE this week . C'mon people ! " 
kind of loves that a deputy at a HS career fair here in Colorado thought it was acceptable to tase kids if they were willing . Over 30 kids tased at school today . For fun ! 
is actually excited to go to an all-day training tomorrow . 
Yay ! The super rude and condescending pair were eliminated from The Amazing Race tonight . Whew ! 
loves the Bring It On franchise . 
needs recommendations of uplifting/heartwarming movies . 
is bringing 4 unruly kids to the Rockies game tomorrow for a sibling visit . Good times ! 
' s freckles are making their first appearance of the season . 
had some strangely real , academic-like dreams last night . Still mulling over them . One of them was about the \real\ " phantom of the opera ... " 
is watching a documentary on the legal battle between Ecuador and Texaco/Chevron , and found the following conversation to highlight cultural differences magnificently : 
When I'm up this late at night , I come up with all sorts of crazy ideas . 
closing out Saturday with a little bit of \Annie\ " . :) " 
Happy Birthday Mick and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had a good day at work . 
AWESOME ! I can stream Netflix to my 42\ TV through my new Wii . Oh so worth the investment ! " 
wonders if it's wrong that she feels a little satisfied to hear that one of the defense attorneys got suspended ... 
hates when politicians use their families for their TV ads . Just for that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , not voting for you . ( And maybe for a lot of other reasons too ... ) 
loves < PROPMALE>'s draft choice . Go Broncos ! ( Vikes are still my first love , no worries ! ) 
A kid I used to babysit is going to grad school now ! How am I possibly that old ?! 
Lunch conversation : Sandy : I like darker guys . Me : Me too ! Sandy : Not that dark , < PROPFEMALE > . 
had \Man of La Mancha\ " stuck in her head . Not bad . " 
days later , still can't get \Man of La Mancha\ " out of her head . " 
Perkins and Styx make for a good meal . 
I don't understand why it is so hard to follow a simple court order . 
can't wait for sweet corn season . 
can't escape the Olmsted County superiority talk even by moving to Colorado . 
Yuck . I translated for a meeting yesterday and now found out they pulled a tape of it to use in case there is a trial . I know I translated well , but that still makes me uncomfortable . 
just doesn't see twists coming . 
thinks socks and sandals is a classy look . 
never knew she'd be so excited to get new tires . 
is loving Glee tonight . Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer , how could I not ? 
BIG hearing tomorrow ... big enough that my supervisor and the administrator are coming to watch me testify . Nerves of steel . If I say it enough , maybe it'll come true ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > on Letterman is hysterical . 
is so excited for her first reunification that she's going to have difficulty sleeping tonight ! 
is craving a good thunderstorm . 
just had to call the police about a pretty serious domestic violence incident next door . 
is so tired that she's going to bed before 9pm , for the first time in many years . ( decade , maybe ) 
Why did the corn cross the cornfield ? To get to Alabama . 
Back to work I go ... 
was not happy to discover that when she left work at 11:30 pm , her car was covered in snow . < PROPMALE > , you suck ! 
had such a great day at work that she stopped to buy alcohol and comfort food on the way home . 
has had just enough to drink to choose Duck Tales over The Tudors and Quantum Leap . 
RIP Law & Order . 
Happy Armed Forces Day . Please thank some who is serving/has served our country . 
COPS . Need I say more ? 
Stop the presses ! I was home from work by FOUR today . That hasn't happened since ... well , never . 
Have I mentioned how much I love Glee ?! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > belting out Dream On is kind of a dream . 
Thunder and lightening !!! 
Ah , < PROPFIRST > Bieber is so cute . 
Question re : marijuana levels : If 50 is the threshold for a positive UA , does anyone know what level a long-term daily user would have ? I know I have some scientist , social worker , and substance abuse counselor friends who just might know ... 
Apartment shopping tomorrow ; hoping to sign a lease ! 
It's ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS tonight . I wish I lived in a nicer area so I could go for a nice , long walk ! 
is thinking it is high time she became a soccer fan . 
thinks < PROPMALE > Cruise was sexy when he was young . 
Geneology work can be an expensive hobby . 
Oh how I love So You Think You Can Dance ! 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Nate and < PROPMALE > ! 
is finishing a Celebrity Apprentice-athon , and learning life lessons . 
Rumors of < PROPMALE > Michaels as possible new judge on American Idol ?! I'm all for it ! 
is trying REALLY hard to rein in her hoarding ... Just shredded receipts from Old Navy from 2000 . 
allowed her cats to roam free in the apartment today instead of lock them in a room ... and now they're both cuddled up on/next to me . Is this a sign of appreciation ? 
feels really bad for the poor ump who made the worst call of his life . 
received a subpoena in the mail today . 
went to a Chalk < PROPMALE > festival yesterday . Check out the amazing pictures ! 
A client came to court today wearing shortalls with one side unhooked and hanging in the back . I appreciated it ; brought me back 20 years in a flash ! 
loves when teenage parents \get\ " it ! Just got home from a great home visit with a teen dad . " 
Sooooo .... Looks like I'm gonna need yet another AC adapter for my laptop . That's three ? in 14 months . I'm so challenged . 
Bright side of all this rain ? Should be nice and green for awhile ! 
wonders why they can't actually get little babies for birth scenes in movies and TV . 
It's been a year , and I'm feeling restless ! 
Stealing < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s status for today . \The easiest way to drive yourself insane ? Try to please everyone . \ " < PROPFEMALE > advice . " 
Sometimes I forget about the greatness of Pandora . 
is wondering how it is even possible to still have hair on her head with the sheer amount she vacuums up on a regular basis . 
Training tomorrow ! Yeah ! 
actually enjoyed training today . For real . 
is home on lunch break , watching \Judge < PROPFIRST > Brown\ " . A 26 year old is alleged to be the father of eleven kids . He could break records . " 
is officially certified to complete adoption home studies . :) 
is home to watch SYTYCD and then headed back to the office to finish a huge court report . 
The best laid plans ... 
booked a mover for Sunday ! Today sucked . 
is spending her last night at her questionably located apartment . 
lacks the motivation to complete the cleaning of her old apartment . 
Reason number 10,000 to get out of my old apartment . Came to finish cleaning today and it had been burglarized . My iPod is gone , my computer was packed up in a box and ready to go , but still here . Cop thinks that they probably got interrupted and might have planned to come back . 
finally has internet again ! 
16GB iPod Nano for $179 or 160GB iPod Classic for $249 ? 
called Nordstrom's customer service to complain about her experience , and walked away even more frustrated . YES , it is their company's policy to pull items that will be on sale two weeks in advance , keep them in the stockroom , and not allow customers to purchase them for full price in the meantime . NO , you can not order them online either . You MUST wait for the sale to purchase the item ,, no matter what . 
is checking out airfare prices for a vacation to Ecuador in January ... 
thinks Quantum Leap is one of the best TV shows of all time . 
just booked her airfare for her trip to NY at the end of the month ! 
is engaging in retail therapy of the travel type . 
First big trial tomorrow . 
has been looking for a shower curtain she liked for over a year now ... and just found one online ! It's been a good day . 
officially can't keep track of all the babies her cousins have had/are having . I give up . 
STRANGE ! Watching news here in Colorado and they just showed footage of the tornado in my hometown in MN from yesterday ! 
is planning her trip home for Labor Day : Vikings and Twins games are a must ! 
What's worse than having to get up early ? Getting up early to go to court to testify , and it's not even related to my job . Wife beater , you suck . ( But I'm glad she pressed charges . ) 
hasn't worked more than 8 hours per day for almost two weeks . New boundaries are working ! Yay ! 
So I'm looking at buying a new car , and was pretty settled on a Corolla . Then my dad hints that maybe I should get something more like a crossover . Is he jumping on the Brogger/Jablonski bandwagon hinting at kids in the future ?! 
should probably pack for her trip to NY tomorrow ... After a couple episodes of Project Runway , of course ! 
ICKKKK ! My flight is at 6:20 a.m. , which means I have to leave home at an ungodly hour to get to the airport . NY will be worth it ... 
If today's goal was to walk a lot and spend tons of money , then I was wildly successful ! 
The cats just discovered door jams . Life just got more annoying . 
got DirecTV today . I offically have more than two channels ! 
had to go to work tonight , and came home to NFL preseason game recorded by DirecTV . Mmmm . Football . Gonna love DirecTV ! 
ordered an entertainment stand for her TV over a month ago , and the salesperson CONTINUES to call every two days to give an update on where it is in the shipping process . JUST CALL WHEN IT GETS HERE ! 
Well , it's official . I have my first client who is absolutely convinced that the Department placed her baby in < PROPMALE > care in order to get earn $ 40,000 through adoption . She KNOWS that is how we get paid . ABSOLUTELY convinced . 
is trying to put a price on sleep . 
saw an extremely attractive attorney in the courtroom today ... Turns out he's a private attorney hired to represent one of my clients . * sigh * 
is fighting with computer power cords . Again . I may be without computer access for a few days until I can order/receive another one . Again . 
actually said , \He's not bad for a White guy\ " at the lunch table today . Whoops ~!" 
wonders if cops laugh when they watch COPS and see other officers that can't make it over the fences to catch up with the suspects . 
loves holding newborns , and then handing them back to their parents . 
thinks football season is getting expensive . Already . And the season hasn't even started yet ! 
Black < PROPMALE > parent caring for Mexican kids . Tells me she tried to make them more comfortable by going to Taco < PROPFEMALE > . They told her Taco < PROPFEMALE > wasn't Mexican . Her response ? \Fine . We're getting chicken ! \"" 
A coworker told my boss today that my boss has \word vomit\ " . I couldn't stop laughing ! " 
1 hour and 52 minutes on the phone with an old friend ... great night ! 
With DirecTV , what has become clear to me is that a good percentage of the TV shows are oriented towards the lowest common denominator . 
is going to drink away her secondary trauma tonight . 
thinks it's pretty amazing to see God's plan unfold sometimes . 
found one more thing that doesn't work on her car anymore : the gas gauge . 
New car ! 
Migraine in the middle of the night . Ugh . 
First removal requiring police assistance tonight ... and it wasn't even one of my own cases ! 
is inspired by random acts of kindness ! < PROPFIRST > Stanger made me an herbal dream pillow after hearing that I've been having difficulty sleeping . 
spent so much time in her car today that SHE smells like new car . :) 
knows that the answering machines can't hear me , but can't help yelling at them anyway . 
cuddled babies in the nursery today . Purely selfish volunteering . 
is 41st out of 42nd in her football league . Basically , her new strategy should be to pick the opposite of what she thinks . 
wonders if you would volunteer to be tazed for training purposes ? 
Is it wrong that I find < PROPMALE > Portis ' comments funny ? 
is rocking out to Milli Vanilli . Who cares if they lip-synched ! 
Apparently 15 months to the day is my official burn-out point . 
updated and completed < PROPMALE > revisions on her resume . 
Good thing my apartment has good insulation . I'm pretty sure the neighbors would be sick of listening to \Coco Jambo \"." 
Vikings , you're killing me ! 
likes when sports commentators are smart enough to use words like \obfuscation\ " . Nicely done ! " 
Apparently by the end of September I will have placed/moved every child on my caseload . The planets need to re-align . This is getting ridiculous ! 
Goal for next week : Have at least one day where I don't cry more than once while at work . 
I do love A.P. ! 
Yeah Falcons !!! 
What a great day of football ! 
is in training ... Text me ! 952 220 7469 
LOVES NFL Sunday Ticket ! 
Oh I DO love football ! A lot of great games today ! 
bought < PROPFEMALE > a new catnip and feathered toy on lunch break , and came home to find her in drug-induced chill mode . :) 
was sitting in Labor and Delivery with a teen client tonight when a nurse came to gave her meds . She took the meds and asked them if they needed to check her mouth to make sure she didn't \cheek\ " her meds . The nurse looked at her like she was crazy and I about fell out of my chair laughing ! She's been in too many highly-supervised placements ... " 
Highlight of the day : A grandma on my caseload ( who happens to look like Whoopie Goldberg ) learned to text just so she can contact me and get a quicker response . She told me it took her an hour and a half to figure out how to send it , but she was pleased with the result of getting an answer back in just minutes . 
Two more hours ... 
< PROPFIRST > Sanchez = eye < PROPFEMALE > . 
is riveted to CNN . 
MN bound ! 
thinks the lady next to her on the plane has OCD . 
6:15 flight ... Been up for hours ! 
sat next to another \oversharer\ " on the flight home . Last thing I wanted to hear about on a 6:15 am flight was her experience with bariatric surgery and the awful side effects . ( FYI : she recommends the \ " lap band\ " procedure ) " 
is updating her wish list on Amazon.com ( per request of her sister and dad ) . 
got approved for 4 day work weeks ! Yay for 3-day weekend every weekend ! 
was escorted out of the courthouse through back hallways today by multiple deputies based on threats a client made . 
I don't mind being 30 . I DO mind that all the sudden my body won't let me sleep past 7am , even on a Saturday . Ugh ! 
is obsessed with apple cider packets . 
Best commentary on < PROPMALE>'s awful loss today : \What did I learn ? I learned our punter's name today . \"" 
is flying to San < PROPMALE > next Friday . I'll be on the ground about 4 hours before heading back to Colorado . 
is browsing a real estate website and laughing at a listing where they have dirty clothes laying on the floor in several of the pictures ! 
Mmmmm . < PROPFIRST>'s Light Hard Cranberry Lemonade . 
is not a fan of T-Jack , but will give him credit for not whining to the media and being ready to play when the Vikes need him . 
is reminded that hot air rises . She set her thermostat to 68 degrees , and it is currently 78 degrees in her apartment owing to heat other people are paying for . 
is excited not only for the elections , but for all the awful ads to be done ! 
is suffering from another bout of insomnia . 
wonders how they can call races with only 6% of votes counted . 
friend expecting preemie twins = funnest baby shopping ever ! 
Yay ! Just realized my favorite day of the year is coming up ! 
flew 3 children out-of-state to their new permanent home with relatives today . It is days like today that remind me why I do this job , instead of resigning and walking off the job like I felt like doing yesterday . 
has been struggling with an excessively warm apartment and excessively snarly hair and wonders if braided pigtails is the solution to both ?! 
Man , I wish I were in the Metrodome right now ! 
decided to walk over 3 < PROPMALE > to buy groceries , and then had to walk back home with them . Probably not going to do that again . 
Cat clearly doesn't want me to be on my laptop any longer ... She's sitting on my arms and gets closer to my hands and keyboard as I type . 
They can't possibly have had the same Bucky Badger do all 573 push-ups today ! 
is taking advantage of the day off to watch old Bing Crosby movies . 
Holy crap , Philadelphia ! 
loves her Malt-O-Meal ! 
feels so unsettled/disregulated that she doubts she'll be able to sleep much tonight . :( 
had a good Friday . After more than a year , great to see some signs of healing for a child that was very traumatized . 
just submitted a car payment online which is due tomorrow , and they informed me my payment will be late . Due tomorrow , but they won't process same day or next day , so my payment is still late . UGH ! 
is watching The NFL Today on CBS and crying my eyes out . 
just checked the ads and found that none of the doorbuster specials called my name . Guess I'll sleep in ! 
wonders if Bucky Badger is thinking , \Oh no ! Not again ! \"" 
is researching white noise machines . Apparently most people want to block out traffic sounds , not use the traffic sounds to sleep . I'm such a city girl . 
Yay ! < PROPFIRST > Frazier just got his first win . Hopefully many more to come ! 
is reading Minnesota Court of Appeals opinions on adoption and surrogacy contracts . Hmmmm . 
is embarrassed at how long it took her to realize that the commercial with < PROPMALE > Jidette is supposed to be \huge debt \"." 
would like to know how changing your profile pic to a cartoon helps prevent child abuse . 
Two hours and six minutes . A new record for a phone call with my dad . 
is deciding which Christmas movie to watch while baking Christmas cookies . Hmmm . 
is officially applying for jobs again . If you see something I should apply for , let me know ! 
wrote \I suck at life\ " in an email . The response : \ " I guess sucking at life is way better than excelling at death-from my point of view anyway . \ " Some people know just what to say ! " 
Ooooh ! The Monday episode of \The Sing Off\ " looks like it's going to be GRRRREAT ! " 
To my friends and family in MN prepping for potentially the biggest storm since the 1991 Halloween blizzard ... STAY SAFE ! 
had a client tell her today that he's putting her in his will ... for all the odds and ends left over at the end . 
Ah yes , a Lifetime movie titled , \A Boyfriend for Christmas . \ " Count me in ! " 
Well , I guess the Metrodome roof collapsing will bode well in the campaign for a new stadium ... 
He's an ANGRY elf ! 
I'm seriously beginning to love the Eagles ! 
Staying at home all day with my needy cats made me actually WANT to go to work tomorrow . Wow . 
is overly excited about getting a Keurig coffee maker for Christmas ... All sorts of grand plans ! 
I vote to keep < PROPFIRST > Frazier and < PROPFIRST > Webb . Maybe my wish can come true and T-Jack won't be in purple next year ? 
Showed up at my new client's home today and they wouldn't let me in because they were convinced the person they talked to on the phone was < PROPFEMALE > , and they weren't expecting a \guera\ " to show up ! " 
By the time I use up the 4 boxes of checks I ordered in 2003 , I'll probably own my own house ! 
Went to < PROPFEMALE>'s yesterday to pay my credit card < PROPMALE > , ended up buying a new winter coat . Went to Kohl's to pay my < PROPMALE > there , ended up buying two new sweaters . I'm thinking I should look into online payment next month ! 
Oh , Nyquil . I love you . I fear I am becoming addicted . 
Laid in bed for over 5 hours with a migraine that wasn't responding to meds , and my light-blocking eye-mask couldn't seem to block enough light . I seriously considered curling up in a ball in my closet . Still in pain , but it has abated . 
Brought my car in for it's 5000 mile check-up , I feel like a mom who just brought her baby in for a 4 month well-child check ! Tires rotated , oil change and everything is in \awesome\ " condition . Yay car ! " 
Got my Keurig coffeemaker in the mail today . Already testing flavor #2 . I'm gonna be high as a kite on caffeine tonight ! 
Dear Hip Hop , We're very very sorry . 
I don't hate < PROPFEMALE > Bachmann the way many of my friends and colleagues do , but c'mon , testing the waters in Iowa re : a presidential run ?! You MUST be kidding me . Democrats would get my vote that year , almost for sure ( unless they managed to come up with worse , which is entirely possible ) . 
is debating applying for a job in Rochester , Minnesota . Thoughts ? ( To my SW friends : would I dare ? Could I stomach it ? ) 
63 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > at 4:30 pm in January ... Sometimes I love Colorado ! 
Finances are tough this month so I've been clearing out my cupboards and using whatever I can . I'm down to bare bones , which somehow includes the necessary ingredients to make Jello shots . 
Tomorrow it's supposed to be 0 degrees out , so they've already cancelled school and the county is on a two-hour delay . WUSSES ! 
Flying home to MN from 2/17 to 2/23 . I still have the 21st and 22nd wide open . Anyone have fun ideas ?! 
How sad ! The GB fan in the \Never Miss a Superbowl\ " Visa commercial will have to miss his team in the Superbowl due to hospitalization ! " 
New haircut for my interview tomorrow ! 
Quite the night . Took out my contacts and then was unsuccessful finding my glasses . Tried to find the installation CD on my printer and could not , though did find the instructional < PROPMALE > for a hairdryer I purchased at least 10 years ago . 
In my searching this evening , I found a letter to myself written in 1998 : \To my splendid self\ " ... \ " Beyond college ( or perhaps during college ; God willing ) I would like to get married to a respectful Christian man and have children ( no limits ! ) . \ " I'm feeling not-so-splendid and like a bit of a failure ! ;) " 
Writing a resignation letter in hopes that I'll soon have a reason to use it ! 
Turned on Pandora , and first song that came on was \Baby Got Back\ " . Good morning ! " 
Does anyone else appreciate that on the Grammys they did a montage of the dead people and then went directly to Mick Jagger ? 
Sitting at home on my day off , arranging to take custody from a mom to keep the baby safe . So darn depressing . 
The neighbors downstairs are blaring obnoxious music that is shaking my apartment . I suddenly have the urge to do aerobics . 
Sitting at the airport ; wishing I had a phone with better games . 
Got an email wondering if I am still interested in a job I didn't get . Trying to decide . Prayers please . 
After 17 months in < PROPMALE > care , I reunified kids with their dad tonight . Miracles do happen ! 
Just submitted a resume for my DREAM job . 
How did I get so many clients that suffer from schizophrenia , borderline personality disorder and antisocial personality disorder all at once ?! They're driving me crazy ! 
is reflecting on what I would have done ( how much more I would have learned ? ) had I not had the Badger Herald available to entertain me in all those undergrad lectures . 
got lots of baby-cuddling time in at court today . 
Aghhh ! Just got an email with updates on three of the child sex-trafficking victims I worked with in Ecuador . Two are in high school , all three are in age-appropriate relationships , and NONE are working in the sex-trade ! I am weeping with joy . 
Turns out that when you have ancestors involved in plural marriage , it gets very confusing to clean up and verify some aspects of your family tree . 
Pretty sure I wouldn't want to be a cop in New Orleans tonight ! 
Attended the adoption finalization of one of the kids on my caseload today ... I am thankful for her amazing new family and the way God orchestrated that she would end up there . 
Got offered a job today , and I think I'm going to turn it down . 
Making big life decisions ( again ) . I think I'm going to give notice to my apartment building , start packing , and plan to move home to MN in May/June . 
I love the Staples commercial where the couple comes home and everything is gone except their ancient computer . Makes me giggle every time . 
Turns out they didn't want a child protection worker on the jury after the voir dire . ;) 
Yes , I'm actually thinking of closing a case by giving custody of a 2 year old to his 15 year old dad . He shouldn't have even been fertile , but at least he's a ridiculously good dad ! 
99% of the time I leave my toilet seat down . The 1% that I don't and the cats don't realize before jumping up is hysterical . 
went to Target to buy lunch today , and overheard the cashier tell other customers they'd get better deals at < PROPMALE > and heard her say multiple times that she really needed a break . Needless to say , her supervisor was a little bit shocked when I called in afterward to make sure she was aware . 
Called to leave an important message today and completely forgot my phone number . I wanted so badly to find a pound sign or something that would work that would allow me to delete it , but failed . Good thing I didn't want that job anyway , because now they think I'm an idiot . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Busey on Celebrity Apprentice is my new guilty pleasure . 
Yep , I cried watching Mobbed . 
Interview Monday ! 
A client showed up to court today in his military uniform ( smart move , btw ) , and I was touched to hear people thank him for his service . 
I love the smell of clean laundry . 
Soooo .... The never-been-worn section of my closet currently boasts 2 dresses , 4 pairs of pants , and 18 tops ( and I believe a few pairs of shoes/sandals/flip flops ) . In other words : an entire wardrobe . 
