HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! Well after all the crazies have calmed down in a few hours we will be off to Disney World !!! What a great way to start the new year ! Also got really great news about something that hopefully will change my families life in the evry near future ! So excited ! Thank you God for a new year and praying it's a good one ! 

way too awake !!! Just got my ex husbands boat and am stoke about that ! 
slow day at work ... not good already home for the day ! :( 
is getting < PROPFIRST > ready for VBS and < PROPMALE > ready for baseball tournament !! Busy day ! 
was going to be another short day but at last minute turned to long .... yay ! Doing weird stuff today ... putting tape on the molds .... stupid but it has some purpose ! 
finally home from VBS alot of work lol !! Having a great week ! Tomorrow is fun night !! Gotta serve some more food ! Then our Sunday school is baby-sitting for free Saturday ! Gotta love kids ! 
had fun baby sitting church kids tonight ! ready to rest though ! Church tomorrow and singing tomorrow night .... nervous !! 
praising God for saving one of her best friends < PROPFIRST > tonight !! God is an amazing God !! 
well another of my dad's siblings has passed this year ... very sad . Kids are going to Cali with their mamaw so I seek adventure for a weekend !! Maybe backpacking or something who knows . 
building crazy molds for these corvettes then we will finally be building the corvettes . I am not a car fan but this is one bad car !! And I am helping build it !!! Long day been at it since 7:30 and headed back . Probably work til 9 or 10 tonight ! Going to 
glad the weekend is here !! Wanna know what we have been working so hard on ??? Go to svmotorcompany.com she's a beauty !!!! 
ughhh weekend is over and it ended with a massive headache this evening . Back to work early am and probably staying there til very late pm ! 
to bed early tonight ! Got to finish up the corvettes bodies tomorrow so they can get to Detroit and be put together and made into a beautiful piece of work !! Hopefully the work day will be better and my boss won't be walkin around saying he is going to sh 
is very frustrated ... taking the frustration out < PROPMALE > style ! Dew free for a little over a week ... feeling good ! Getting in better shape ... and I mean it this time !!! hehehe 
hiked 5 < PROPMALE > today with my kids and sunday school class ... I am proud they made it !! Worked out for a bit and then fried up some squash , taters and had corn on the cob all from the garden . Yummy !! Ready for bed !!! 
time for bed ... church tomorrow !!! I'm exhausted but feeling great physically ! < PROPMALE > we will try not to sleep in sunday school ... haha ! Will be sore tomorrow for sure !!! 
finally started running which I have been saying I was going to do forever , still off the dew , and have cut back all sugar really and it's taking its toll at th moment . I am exhausted !! My body has lived the last 10 years fueled on mt dew and as many swee 
getting a run in before bed 6am comes early ! Too tired to even try but I can't give up ! Plus cowboy likes running with me too . Saving the change that was spent on sodas for he kids who are going to Cali in two weeks lol !! 
Has a new future sister and law !!! Couldn't have a better one !!! Ready for bed ! 
is sleepy !!! did 7:30 to 7:30 today ! Watched Rock and ate some pizza now time to sleep . If we get done work before dark running with < PROPMALE > and his dog tomorrow ... well more like run , wal , run , walk for me while he whoops my butt running his 3 1/2 < PROPMALE > ar 
ughh hates when things come along to try and distract you from God's will especially when you so easily fall into the trap . Thanking God I did not fall to far before I realized how unimportant my worries over the matter where . Rather be in his will than i 
I got way too bored and took too many silly quizzes !!!!!! Dinner went well today ! Surprise b-day party for my mamaw < PROPFEMALE > tomorow !! 
time to turn in ... a little earlier than usual !!! 
is pooped .... what a busy weekend !! But loved it because I finally got to cook for people !!!!!! 
I'm tired and I miss my kids ! Another day at work tomorrow yay ! 
oh yea and the diffuser ( the thingy hanging under ther rear ) built that too . Me and < PROPFEMALE > have been building those and then < PROPFIRST > and I have been building the rears !!! 
has alot going on this week and the next ! Time to get kids things ready to go see Jewels and Jayden in California !! 
finally to bed ... work comes early ... ugh ... but tgif !!!! 
getting slightly nervous ... pray for me as i give a presentation to the youth tonight that God will use it to help someone out . Also that as I get on the phone with the much loved Verizon I can get my phone taken care of ! :) 
My future sister-in-law and brother have asked me to decorate for the wedding !!!! So excited I don't know what to think but I am honored to have been asked ! Thank you summer I LOVE YOU ! 
Time for bed ... thank God dad is done hammering and sawing and whatever else rackett he was making last night so that I couldn't sleep !!! Another night of that until 2am and I would be ready to hurt someone lol !! Goodnight !! 
waiting on phone to get here ... packing for my weekend road trip !!!! 
well < PROPFIRST > just called and those dumb verizon people sent my phione to him and the guy on the phone even verified the address with me ughh ! Well at least its here and < PROPFIRST > was home to sign for it . 
sometimes wishes she would have finished college but now the < PROPMALE > to try again seems lost ... sometimes I have the urge to finish other times I don't . I wanted to < PROPMALE > in English Literature . I will just have to pray about it . Going to bed early so I can stay up for the drive tomorrow evening !! 
everyone ... Just got word that my sister in law from my previous marriage just passed away tonight . Please keep their family in your prayers . this is the second child my father in law has had to bury in his lifetime . They are on vacation with my children right now so pray they figure out the best thing to do to get to < PROPFEMALE > and they make it safely . Pray for us as we travel to DC and Philly and probably into York as well . 
Everyone keep us in your prayers as my friend and I go ahead and head out for DC this morning rather tonight in case we don't make it to Philly due to whatever arrangements are made and we willl go to York < PROPFEMALE > instead . These are my ex inlaws but they are still my family and I love them .. please pray for them as they deal with this sudden loss . 
Is reading The Good Book now .... bot the other one lol don't worry dad I am not secretly conspiring to become a Nazi !!!! 
by the way I am not crazy I just hve an interest i how people who are very different from me think . I like geting inside their head ... how else could I ever learn about something if I don't find out the facts myself ... you think I actually blieve everything that comes out of peoples mouths ??? Usually the ones who say the most and pass the harshest of judgements really know nothing at all .... 
Ignorance is one of MANY plagues of our society today ... speaking without thinking .... selling false truths without any facts to back them up . I seek real truth ... not the contamination that continuously spews from human beings mouths without stopping !!! Okay I amof th soap box for a bit sorry ... lol 
finally have my computer up and running thank God ! Also a praise report ... turns out < PROPMALE > s ears are just fine !!! Had my first night at school and tomorrow will be < PROPMALE > and Adrians !! < PROPMALE > is excited ... adrian ... not so much !!! Finally about time for bed ! 
finally about to leave ... < PROPFIRST > rushes me to get here , only to find I have been sitting for an hour on this STUPID < PROPMALE > !!! Who said waiting on a woman ??? I guess I am waiting on my woman lol !! Sorry love ya < PROPFIRST > ! It's usually me who is always late but I have made progress in changing that ! Well out tonight , nursing home visit in the am then homework , homework homework ! Oh and pottery is HARD but I LOVE IT !!! 
Life takes us to unexpected places .... LOVE brings us home . Home is where the heart is ..... 
a full day of work yay !!!! Praise the Lord ! Ya'll should look up a cute video on youtube.com called \no treats for Obama\ " Its pretty funny I think !! " 
oh also look up obama man can from the < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > show it's clean and funny . My brother showed me that one it is on yourtube as well ! 
thinking about selling my car which I love ! :( 
is going to the < PROPFEMALE > Literary Festival friday courtesy of the < PROPFIRST > Cone Foundation ! Hahahah !!! 
going on a cleaning spree while the kids are at their dads !! 
okay I made a post that I totally misunderstood for those that saw .... oops !! Sorry bout that . Thank you < PROPFIRST > clarifying !! I am dense sometimes ! 
okay there is a status going around and it sounds great when you first read it but if my friend here is correct it is promoting Universal Healthcare which I am against ! If I am wrong someone please correct me ?? It's a plan that sounds great on the outside but there's some risky business going on we aren't being made aware of . 
Ok heading to bed , did a little homework then tomorrow we are going to a festival at an < PROPMALE > gallery in Uptown < PROPFEMALE > ! Can't wait !!! 
haha < PROPFIRST > got the dates wrong for the literary festival lol so all dressed up and nowhere to go !! But I am home with my babies !!! 
the one night I am free to go to bed early and do not have to wake up early .... I CAN\T SLEEP AGHHH !!! " 
tonight a highschool student proceeded to tell my friend ... \ my teacher is the 8th great granddaughter of < PROPMALE > Sawyer ... how cool is that ?? \ " She was serious and meant it . What a cruel cruel teacher to play this trick on her students ... especially those who fall for it !!! " 
for those of you who may fall for it too .... Tm Sawyer is a fictional character !!! This was hilarious when I heard it ! That's funny ... I don't care who ya are !!!! Okay it is late and i have gotten woke up too many times I am now looney but I had a great laugh ! 
finally up ... making pancakes ! Had a terrible nights sleep ! It doesn't help that < PROPFIRST > has been waking me up every 30 minutes for breakfast since about 5am ! I got her a snack I was not fixing breakfast at 5am ! SHe is on a kick where she says , \I'm Starving to death mom ! \ " LOL ! " 
okay lets see if we can get this right this time Chris ... Getting ready to go to the < PROPFEMALE > Literary Festival for the second attempt to anyway LOL ! Someone can't get their dates right ! 
Well the < PROPFEMALE > Literary Fest was NOT what they advertised it to be but I had funn with < PROPFIRST > anyhow and also learned a bit of a lesson on how I view what < PROPMALE > should ve and that I should loosen my view a bit . I think this is first time I ever snubbed my nose at something ... I kinda feel bad now . Maybe they will get it together next year . 
trying to stay up to see < PROPMALE > get home ! Getting tired fast !! < PROPMALE > is staying up too ... Adrian crashed long ago and will be up at 5am starving to death again lol !! 
< PROPMALE > made it home safe !!! Going to bed ! 
A big glass of chocolate milk .... and Environmental science ... great combo !!!! NOT !!! LOL But homework has to be done !!!! 
up and at em lots to do !!! 
God may be answering a prayer ... I may have found numerous job oppertunities but they take us away from home . I have been praying hard God would show me what I needed to be doing and I ran across more jobs today than I can count . Please pray that if it's God's will I will get one . It will be a < PROPMALE > change for my family as well so a big decision . Only God knows we will see . 
done applying finally !!! Wheeww !!! Got a good bit accomplished today ! Need to create one more app so I can apply for more but not tonight ! 
applying through AmeriCorps is a pain but I am glad I have done so . Tomorrow evening will be full of lovely resume writing ! I cannot wait ! Ha NOT ! Praying God will open a door for me to better the lives of my little familyand at the same time be in another place were I can share the gospel with others . 
I am up way too early but got studying to do . 
* BREAKING NEWS * THERE IS NO POT OF GOLD AT THE END OF THE RAINBOW ... :( ... SO SAD !! I HAVE SEEN THE END OF THE RAINBOW AND IT IS HEART BREAKING !!! HAHAHA COOL HUH ????? 
is thanking God for a full day of work ... very thankful for his blessings ! One application is under review so I am continuing to pray about that ! Time for bed !! 
stuffy head , sore throat ... yuck ... not feeling well . Time to rest and thank God for another full day of work and praying for another one tomorrow ! GOD IS GOOD !!! 
blah blah blah blah 
Adrians first day of dance ! She is so excited ! What a beautiful day out and I have too much homework and such to enjoy it ! 
< PROPFIRST > says mommy embarrassed her because she smiled to much while she was in dance .... I can't help I am proud !!! 
tried going to bed earlier it did not work now trying again hahaha nite ! 
God has truly changed my life and done a work in my heart and everyday I try to grow closer to him ... yet I have people who look at me and assume I never pray and seek God's will ??!! I have had 3 people tonight mainly family tell me God's will for me ... 
Think twice before you speak ... does what you have to say discourage or encourage ?? S many people just want to cry doom and gloom for everything you aspire or even the things God wants you to do !! God help me to seek you and your counsel not the counsel of the rest of the world . The world doesn't think before it speaks and it's counsel is often unwise . 
if people got a dollar for every discouraging word that came from their mouth most of the world would be rich ... I pray God will help even me be a better encourager !! 
my mom just blesses me ... sometimes she is mouthy and crazy on the outside but has a heart of gold just doesn't want anyone to know ... when she has nothing she still manages to give . I came home to wrap her gifts for the missionaries which I thought would be few because her work has been really slow but was surprised and overwhelmed ... I am blessed with a good momma and daddy . 
reading stories to kids and getting into bed a lil bit too late for them ! Then it's History of pottery test for me , and an analysis paper on a poem ! Fun !! 
Love's < PROPMALE > Quixote in Man of La Mancha ! There is such a wonderful picture of love in a portion of that story ! Reminds me of Christ's love for us ! 
wants everyone to know she had NO part in creating any questions on the friend Faq quiz . There are some that are inappropriate ! I made a complaint to facebook and thought I deleted the ones I was asked that were bad . Please know I would never create such questions ... they are computer generated ! 
one more time for the record Friend Faq questions are computer generated !! I have dleted this app and will no longer use it and reported it's inappropriate questions ! I love ya'll and just want you to know I would NEVER write those questions about my church family ... I apologize if this has bothered anyone . 
I love people who assume all teenagers and young people think about nothing else but sex , drugs and alcohol ... theres not s single good one out ! Ughh I know they are fed alot of bad things but not ALL young people are out looking for evil to get into !!! This irks me bad ! 
< PROPFIRST > has a kidney stone ! Ouch continue to pray for him I can't even imagine that pain ! 
back to writing ... wonder how it will turn out ?? By the way anyone know that pottery is really difficult ?? I was throwing < PROPMALE > and tears tonight on that wheel ! I will NOT give up ! LOL ! Busy day tomorrow , < PROPFIRST > has field trip , both kids go to dentist then back to school ! Then home to finger paint with < PROPFIRST > using slip ! I am blessed with two wonderful kids !! 
are you a \sanctified obstructionist ? \"" 
is always amazed how God will provide as he promised if we just trust him ! Thanking him for his blessing on my lil family today !!! 
okay ... back to writing again ... kids are in bed . What a wonderful day aside of being at the dentist forever lol . Is really enjoying studying the book of < PROPFIRST > so much to learn from this book and an inspiration to those who may feel they'll never win a battle ... you can do anything with Christ !!! 
Can't sleep so working more on this writing project ! Can't wait til the ladies retreat to get to know some of our church ladies better and have a wonderful time of food , fun and fellowship !!! 
IF ANYNE LOVES GOOD ... I MEAN GOOD BBQ ... HARVEST BAPTIST CHURCH IS DOING A BBQ FUNDRAISER TODAY AND TOMORROW FROM 11 TO 7 ON ZION CHURCH ROAD IN MT . VIEW . THE MEN AT THAT CHURCH KNOW GOOD BBQ !!!! I'VE HAD IT BEFORE YOU SHOULD GO AND SUPPORT THEM .... AND YOU BELLY !!! :) 
okay getting ready ... errands to run and a new soap to find to help clear my skin . I have tried every cotton picking thing on the market ughh ... my face is terrible ! I am going to try this method and maybe it will work and it's cheap too . We will c ! It won't be long before i go stir crazy and get cabin fever I promise you ! I have always worked ALOT ! Not used to no work at all ! 
Pork and Sauerkraut with dumplins , green beans cooked in garlic and butter , and peach cobbler is what I will be up too way too early in the morning ! Well pork is on now ! Yum it will smell so good very soon !!! I LOVE homecoming ! Welcome back Mr. < PROPMALE > !! Hope you enjoy your leave before going back to Kuwait !! Hope your ready to pick and grin ?? I think dad's on cloud nine !! 
alright things are settled in the cooker ... time for me to hit the sleeper ! I think it's going to be a great homecoming service tomorrow !! Lot's of visitors will give all of us women to put to use what < PROPFIRST > taught this morning ... I am going to try and step out of my own comfort zone ! 
turning in early ... headache is finally gone ... a little < PROPMALE > goes a long way ... it's great therapy lol !! 
headed to the church to get the ball rolling on this fall festival ! I am SO EXCITED !!! 
honda is the devil ... and so are their employees who after going through 3 people , can't do their job right ! So now I am dealing with the supervisor ... wonder if they can get the job done properly ! They expect you to do your part and pay on time and so on and so forth but don't expect them to do their job ... thats asking too much . I have called them everyday for two weeks like they do us ! 
okay I am calm now lol now back to getting things done ! 
wishes < PROPMALE > would hurry and get up so I can go to church with him and get some stuff ready for the fall festival ! LOL ! 
they say money is the root of all evil ?? I think they need to add gossip right in there ! Gossip , gossip it's poisoning our society and hurts ones we love and it's effects are like the ripples in a pond when you throw in the stone . It starts with one lil stone , one juicy piece of info and it spreads like wildfire . It's effects spread even further . 
home from pottery class ... spent the whole night making the clay ... so time consuming ... plus the bad dust you shouldnt breathe ! But had a great day today got alot accomplished and now for the ever so wonderful Environmental Science homework !! I am glad I decided to finish college and thankful God has blessed me with a second < PROPMALE > ! 
to bed now ... still missed 3 questions on that yucky science class ... I stay above the average grade but it would be nice to score a 100 or two in a science class ! I did make a B in geology so I am proud of that since science is my enemy !!! LOL ! 
time to clean ! 
not much to say tonight excpet I hate shopping and I have done it for two days now !! Well shopped around mostly not actually spent much but still ughh I am very unlike other women in that respect ! Give me a good book , magazine and a blanket under a tree in a park anyday over going to the mall or the next bargain store ! LOL !! 
It's going to be one of those long nights ... but God is with me . \When the waves are over you head they're under his feet ! \ " ( Mckameys song ) " 
Life takes you to unexpected places ... love brings you home . So many forget that the key to many problems is to close our mouths so not to say words you can never take back and just show unconditional , undying love for those who have went down the wrong roads and we can't understand and we just want them to turn back around . Love them without the words ... silent love speak multitudes . 
Is excited about the choir social ... now what to cook ?? God thank you for allowing us to be stable enough to cook for church functions ... for a long time I wasn't able and I just love being able to ... it's a joy ! Wish < PROPMALE > would get home ... we have got to get a decent affordable vacuum cleaner ! This house hates vacuums they always tear u !! They don't last even a year I don't get it ??? 
is making a homemade shoo fly pie for the choir social ... and something else just haven't figured it out yet . LOL ! 
been up since 5:30 ... went with < PROPMALE > to open church , then to walmart ! Time to start on that shoo fly pie and going to experiment with bbq ! One of my favorite foods and have yet to try and make it . We will see !!! 
ok so I thought I had shoo fly pie before but I must have forgotten I don't like molasses ! Pie was pretty but taste horrible !!! Yuck ! Can't win them all I reckon lol ! Had a great time at the choir social ! Time for a theater class test ughh so far the average grade is 79 !? But I love theater so we will c ! 
Oh my goodness !!! I just spent an hour and a half taking a 50 question test on theater !!! The hardest test all semester ! I hate to see what our exam will look like ! But on a happy note ... I made a 96 !!! The class average was 77.7 wooohooo for me lol ! I can't help it I am proud lol ! 
time to tackle that storage building ... ughh the heavy lifting ! I have done it for two years alone I shall do it again !!!! LOL !!! Makes me sad to go there ... I just need to empty it ... it's full of life I can't have again ... memories of it stored in cardboard boxes among the dust and cobwebs . But it must be done !!! 
talked to boss yesterday ... not looking like we will be going back to work anytime soon . ENjoying being able to take care of things though ! Cleaning out closets , storage building and just getting rid of old baggage all together . Hoping to go see Beauty and the Beast Friday ! 
taking mamaw < PROPFEMALE > to the store and starting Dew Detox today and sugar as well and force some healthier foods down . I'd bet if I was t get checked I am borderline diabetic .... it's time to get it under control before I lose toes , feet , sight and all the other horrible stuff that can happen !! 
oh and no one will want to bump into me the next few days lol quiting mt . dew is like an exorcist exorcising a demon out of me .... hehe nahh not the bad , just kidding but I will feel like I have the flu thats for certain . ughhh 
so ... the main pottery teacher was in our class tonight ... and lets just say I learned more tonight than all semester ! Actually made several bowls ... and got to glaze the stuff I already had fired ! The most productive night I have had ! Oh and mom is finally creatig a facebook so add her and drive her crazy please !!! 
Is amazed that a guy could hear ONE line from the movie The Wizard of Oz and create a whole story around it ... thus creating a bestselling novel ... that turne into a < PROPFIRST > Award-winning Broadway Production called Wicked that sadly I have not gotten to see yet ! 
My hats off to you Mr. < PROPFIRST > Maguire lol ! 
\My redeemer is faithful and true ... everything he has said he will do ... every morning his mercies are new .... my redeemer is faithful and true !!! \"" 
getting ready ... going to support < PROPFEMALE > Spoon tonight at Zanders ! Tomorrow going to see Beauty and the Beast ! < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s first musical !! Told them they may as well learn to love theater now because there are many more years to come of it since their mother loves it and gets involved in it from time to time ! 
< PROPFEMALE > was awesome tonight ! Had a great time and fellowship with friends at Zanders . 
Beauty and the Beast tonight !!! Can't wait !!! 
Can't wait only a few more hours !!! The kids first muscial !!! Oh my I am a dork but hey I love theater with a passion !! I hope I actually get to enjoy it ... because while watching it I also have to do a play analysis or or critique of it ! I think I am more excited than my kids LOL !!! 
i can't spell aaghhh nah my fingers just get ahead of my brain ... it's a musical lol not a muscial haha and I am going to college to earn a degree in English ... hehehe oh well that's why I don't tell anyone .... shhh 
feeding the kids ... it's about time to go !!! Everyone is meeting at < PROPFEMALE>'s then off we go ! Yay !!! Okay ... I have to stop being so giddy or I'll make myself puke lol ! 
Beauty and The Beast was absolutely wonderful ! Small intimate theater ... not a bad seat in the house , live orchestra , amazing voices , just everything was fantastic ! Absolute best production I have seen since The Phantom of the Opera in Toronto Canada in the 90's! Looking forward to the 2010 season and seeing < PROPFIRST > Poppins and Wicked !! 
has totally misunderstood a text from my best friend in the world and now have hurt him and added to this terrible day for him . I also did not realize what today was to him either . I am really really sorry for speaking too soon and hurting them deeply . 
is just exhausted today ... time for a nap then maybe to surprise my friend and cheer them up ! 
home ... got homework to do but avoiding it momentarily . Two papers to write ... a critique about Beauuty and the Beast , and a dramatistic analysis of the poem I have to present next week ! So much fun and still haven't picked a poem I like good enough ! 
time for bed ... church in the morning ! Been a nice day ! Except going to great grandpas and getting jalalenos ... I am highly allergic to raw jalapenos and I picked them from the bucket to put in the bag and before I got across the street to home I could taste them in my throat and could feel it beginning to burn & I cant breathe If they are cooked they don't bother me ... just the raw form ... weird ! 
is too hot and cannot sleep !! Wishing she would have at least heard from someone tonight to know they were alright .... oh well ... I guess . 
up too early but maybe I wont be late for Sunday school ... getting much better at that ! But when you and your kids are the last to get up and the other 3 ppl in the house wait til the last minute to shower and get ready ... well you just have to wait lol not today !! HAHA I beat em all ! 
home for a big family dinner ... yum !! Then a nap ! I hope anyway lol ! 
home to do some homework ... actually lots of homework lol ! Start memorizing the poems for thursday , and finish my papers and do my lovely environmental science homework ! 
Just created a website for my writing ... haha we will see how this goes . Still a < PROPMALE > work in progress but something to do nonetheless ! 
time for some grocery shopping , then more homework . Got to practice , practice , practice for my presentation at school Thursday . Please pray for me that God will use it to share the word with my classmates . I will be doing a poem from a lost person's point of view then the same poem with Jesus Christ's light shed into it by a Christian woman . So just pray the devil doesn't rty to interfere with sharing God ! 
home from school ... glad to have a few pieces of pottery to look at lol ! They arnt great but they are a start !! More studying to do ughh it never ends !! 
Just read A Dolls House ... so sad ... but a good play . 
did a really cool health analysis online . I always say Im almost diabetic because I drink loads of dew and love sugar and lately am extremely exhausted . More so since I quit work . I have cut back the dew to no avail . It says I am at most risk of being extremely dehydrated !?? Said half the population is ... who would have thought ! But I bet very true I cannot remember the last time I drank water come to think of it . 
3:30 and finally to bed .... will not want to wake up in a few hours ! 
today begins the attempt to actually drink some water ... actually lots of water ughhh . 
is so frustrated with these environmental science quizzes !!! I think I have done alright and then did worse than I thought ! Ughhh !! 
going to say hi to boxcar friends and see if they are going to hire Christmas help then to get kids at their aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s . 
home now ... more practicing for my presentation Thursday ... got to do it in front of people I have seen only once ! Yikes I am nervous and I want an A lol !! I have a strait A in this class so far don't want to mess it up !! Doing Invictus followed by Jesus is the Captain of my soul ... two very contrasting poems . If my teacher does not like Christians hmm my grade may be bad no matter how I do . Happened in high school ! 
Okay time to finish my critique paper on The Beauty and the Beast ... wide awake so may as well be productive ! Downside my dad is unusually wide awake as well and keeps making me listen to 60 and 70's music on youtube and I can't get MY work done ! Go to bed dad lol !! He is NEVER up this late ! Aahhggg !!! 
time t start this day ... that would be better used curled up in a blanket reading or doing nothing lol ! Since my dad interrupted my 2am homework time I have that to do to . LOL ! Pray for < PROPMALE > that he just has a cold only ! 
Time for pottery class soon ... ughh hate driving so far in the rain and the cold !!! I am excited though because I am finally making progress !! 
going to bed ... presentation tomorrow . Let's see if this new alarm clock will work lol !! 
alarm clock works great ! All homework is done just spending the day getting ready for this presentation ! 
IF you can keep your head when all about you is losing theirs , and blaming it on you ... or watch the things you gave your life to broken , and stoop and build them up with wornout tools ... if you can fill the unforgiving minute , with sixty seconds worth of distance run ... \ ( pieces of a poem by Rudyard Kipling that I LOVE ! " 
was not too impressed by my presentation but in a few days i'll know the grade . Glad to have a break from all the homework and studying nonstop ! Time to get kids from their dad yay . 
Can't take sitting at home anymore !!!! At least going to look and pray about finding a decent 3rd shift job ! 
very unproductive day ... in the mood for breakfast for supper . Just a yucky day .... blahh 
did not know cabin prices could go up so high at Christmas ! That's what the kids want instead of presents .... quality time with mom at a cabin where we can stay up all night and break all our usual rules ! LOL ! That is if I find a decent priced one before then ! 
another yucky day ... I just have a case of the blahs ... and so exhausted looking for job openings . Praying very hard for another job . I think cabin fever is setting in . 
just plain miserable today ... hate not being on my own anymore !!! I can't wait to get out again ... Lord please make that sooner than later !!! Please !! 
\Lord help me somehow find the strength to try and make it one more day\ " \ " and so hold on when there is nothing in you ... except the Will which says to them ; Hold On\ " The roughest day I have had in so long ... actually a really long time . But God's still in control no matter how rough may be the day !!! " 
is today over yet ????? 
after 2 1/2 hours my two thousand and some odd emails are finally sorted , organized or deleted ! Finally ! Time for bed ! 
facebook is NOT cooperating tonight !!! LOL ! Please everyone if it did not post to your wall or it didn't tag all the people who were supposed to be tagged , please check out the FALL FESTIVAL UPDATE ! -THANKS 
I give up !!! Facebook has lost it's cyber mind !!! I hope everyone see's the note if not , it is definately on my profile ! 
time for the oh so dreaded test ! ughhh 
taking < PROPFIRST > to a new dentist for a second opinion and hope he tells me I am not right that the dentist we first went to is doing unnecessary dental work to put money in their pockets . I have a BIG problem with this ! Not only thinking they could take advantage of my children but all the rest of them too ! But before I say it's so I will get proof today ! I pray this dentist is really not that shady ! 
Dentist went fantastic !!! So much better !!! Gunter & < PROPMALE > is a great office to visit !! On way out to run errands for some fall fest things then school tonight ! I wish we'd get a fall break like cvcc but we don't!!:( 
time for school !!! 
Anyone who lives in the Mt . View area ... our dog has been missing for a week ... his name is Cowboy and he is black and white . A beautiful and friendly dog . He also has a blue camo collar . If anyone sees him please let me know ... even if he's been hit we just want to know where he's at . 
so who knew that a little one credit hour History of Pottery class would end up being my hardest class all semester ??? Her tests are terrible !! Took me an hour and a half to do 9 questions which were little groups of matching items ! Terrible but I made an A so guess I shoud just shut-up lol !! 
It's a shame that CVCC's challenger high school can take away the students right to freedom of speech ! I hope they know it is illegal ! \Students nor teachers shed their constitutional right to freedom of speech or expression at the schoolhouse gate !!! \ " Everyone say a prayer for the 30 students at CVCC who are wearing red ductape and participating in a day of silence for aborted babies . " 
School officials and principals need to learn the law !!! They are in leadership and don't even understand the law themselves .... what a shame and we put our trust in them to lead good schools that educate our children ! I know of one good principal ... my sunday school teacher !!! 
wishes my oral presentation professer would hurry and post my grade !! I know it won't be great but I'd like to stop sweating it !! LOL !! 
WOW got 100 on my presentation and my paper !!!! So did NOT expect 100 !! Class average was 62.5 on presentation and for the paper was 68 . something . Wooohooo halleluia !!! Thanks God for allowing me to g back to school and I am actually not failing which was the fear that kept me from going back in the first place !! 
Well just talked to my neighbor and our dog was hit and killed beside his house ... which was cowboys second home ... last Sunday night . He and the guy who hit him buried him . The kids are devastated and that was their Christmas present and he wasn't even a year old yet . Best dog ever !!! R.I.P Cowboy . :( 
woke up thinking it was like 4:30 am or something and its only 2:56 !!! Agghhh and I am wide awake !! 
going to try and watch some of the meteor shower in awhile .... kids want to see ... I hope we actuall see something ! 
well my < PROPMALE > has had a cough for awhile , does not complain of a sore throat and has had no fever . Well they have a doctors appointment at 12 and they seem to think it is swine flu ! I would have never thought being there was no fever or anything . I pray they are wrong ! But two weeks of meds and he is worse so we will see . 
Momma knows her stuff and her kids !!! NO SWINE FLU !!! Thank you Lord ! < PROPMALE > has had this happen before a cold he could not shake that drops into his lungs . He has a seasonal allergy problem that comes in winter and when he gets a cold it causes an inflammatory problem like a mild case of asthma . So he gets a lovely inhaler from now on to use when this happens again . So please pray for him ! < PROPFIRST > just has a cold . 
Not going to school tonight . Staying with < PROPMALE > and it was his first time using an inhaler and this medicine so wanted to make sure he has no reactions . He's not contagious either just want to make sure he does ok . So church in awhile !! 
studied some enviro science , started analyzing The Masque of the Red Death ... by far my favorite short story ever and by my favorite ... Edgar < PROPMALE > Poe !! Next presentation is November 5th ! Coming way too soon !!! 
if you have sent me some app request I probably ignored it ... nothing personal I just had like almost 100 built up I never looked at so I just went through and got rid of them all . Sorry . 
well time to get this very busy day started !!! Lot's of stuff to do !!!! 
anyone know anything about computers ??? I cannot get our new printer set up on the computer !!! It is very annoying !!!! 
I pray God will help me get this printer setup because I am tired of trying ! I have the software downloaded but when it is supposed to cause the install wizard to open on it's on it doesnt ... I don't know enough to figure it out ! Aagghh ! 
may be spending the rest of the night at the ER if < PROPMALE > has another coughing spell . Inhaler is doing nothing ... he's getting worse . Im beginning to think he has pneumonia . He is really scaring me when he coughs that much . I hope we can make it through the night ... Please pray for him ! 
going to the doctor at 9:30 . Hope we get < PROPMALE > straightened out . Then home to try and figure this computer and printer out again . 
a 2nd swine flu test ... negative , no pneumonia yet . Just really bad chest congestion and something in there is really aggitating him to cough so much . So we have antibiotics to protect from getting worse and strong decongestant . Hope this works ! Thanks for all the prayers . 
well meds must be working ... Luke has been out since 12:30 and hasn't had a bad coughing spell yet ! Why couldn't they have done this Wednesday ? 
< PROPMALE > is doing so much better now ! Hope it stays that way ! Thanks for all the prayers ! I also pray the singing goes well tonight and they raise a good amount of money to help < PROPFEMALE > And Pastor < PROPFIRST > out ! 
hoping for better sleep tonight and thankful that I don't have to get up early for anything tomorrow ! Sleeping in sounds wonderful !!! 
get a < PROPMALE > to sleep in and guess who wakes up at 7am ??? Not sleepy at all ! Ughh . Well I can start my day early I guess lol ! 
Just made some pancakes , now time to take < PROPFIRST > to dance . It is so beautiful outside and I have to mostly stay in because of a sick youngen LOL oh well it's more important that he's taken care of . 
Since it is so warm out we may go to Foard's Band Classic ... we will see . I want to see a former classmates band perform !!! Man it's so exciting to see how God can change a life ! I am so proud ! Btw he was a friend I invited to friend day when I was in the 7th grade . So friendship connection CAN make a difference even if only in one life !! 
going to try the Foard Band Classic may ride over towards Bakers Mountain ... soundslike some neat stuff going on there this evening , it's close to home and free ! 
I have been blessed ... God's so good to me ... precious are his thoughts of you and me ... no why I could count them there's not enough time ... so I just thank him for being so kind ... God has been good ... So good I have been blessed !!! 
I believe God is really beginning to show me a path for my life , sometimes I don't understand why I have been through so much but I have learned so much ... and have so much to share . There are so many things we have to deal with today and in our Christian circles we'd rather consider them \taboo\ " than take the time to seek God and deal with the issue scripturally and with a loving heart . So many girls need help ... " 
Got A LOT of studying to get done . I'd like to get all work done so my week can be focused on the Fall Festival !! Have a 3 chapter test in Enviro Science yuck !!! 
God is really beginning to reveal to me what he'd have me do with my life ... I'm just praying I take the right next steps to stay on that path and not be led astray by distractions and the world . I am just praying hard and seeking his will and that he will open the neccessary doors ! 
lots to do today !!!! Now I am getting a cold yay !!! NOT ! 
Wheeww .... been playing with < PROPFEMALE > all morning LOL makes me want to eat it !! But I did not of course LOL ! Ohh the smell of chocolate ... yummy !! 
Time for pottery class !!! Yay !!! 
home and lots to do tonight still and tomorrow !!! Busy busy busy !! Ready for the fall festival I am so excited !!! 
okay so lets see if we can get this printer installed on my computer .... ughhh !!! 
Filled out my application to L-R , requested transcripts ... so now time for more prayer that if it's God's will I attend there for my last two years he will allow me too and be able to fund it ! 
Oh my what is with these sleepless nights ??? I have my days and nights mixed up again LOL ! 
okay time to try and catch about 2 hours of sleep !! I guess I got all hopped up on coke ... coca-cola that is and chocolate pop-tarts LOL ! Oh my I definately need sleep !!! :) 
absolutely no sleep .... oh my but I feel great at the moment !!!! :) 
well it's off to the church !!! Then to maybe pick my glasses up ... see how horrible they turned out ... ugh I don't want to know ! 
finally home ... exhausted since i have not been to bed yet . Time for a nap !!! Goodnite facebook :P 
a little bit of sleep goes a long way ... now time for environmental science homework ! 
tired ... going to bed ... Adrian to dentist in the morning !! HOpe she handles it well . Good night all !!! 
< PROPFIRST > did fantastic at the dentist !!! I am very proud ! Enviro test finished now time to run errands ! 
ughh trying to weigh out my options ... I can get alot of aid going to LR but will still come out with ALOT of debt in the end . Or I could go to App or UNCC and get my classes arrange in two or three days a week and commute . Then there will be Zero debt when school is finished but I have gas to consider and mileage put on my car ! Just praying about which route to take and time is up ! Have to do 1 of these options NOW ! 
okay brain is fried from checking out college stuff ... deadlines are coming way too soon !! 
Phillies I know ya can do it again !!!!! 
GOD IS SO GOOD !!! ENOUGH SAID ! 
taking mamaw to the doctor , getting last minute things done for fall festival ! Oh how some people aggravate me but that is okay . And they say \how are we different ? \ " Well let's see ... how may I list the thousand ways !!! \ " Ugh ! It's okay though not my worry today . " 
is ready for tomorrow although I worked tonight LOL ! Time for a few hours of sleep and much to do tomorrow ! EVeryone come out and join us for our Fall Festival @ 4pm ! 
praying this rain lifts !!! ANyone who needs me today call 8282343581 . I had planned on being at church at 9am but with rain there is nothing I can do . So if you need to take something to the church early just call ! Ready to have fun !! 
What a blessing the rain has been !!!! Fantastic turn out and didn't run out of a thing !!!! THANK YOU ALL who helped in any way !!! If it weren't for everyone it would not have been !!! LOVE YA GATEWAY !!!!! 
Is officially pooped !!! Also thanks to all those who helped clean up ! I could not believe we left the church at 8:30 !!! I thought it was like 11 and when I got in the car I about had a cow at how early it was !!! I had so much fun and especially loved seeing others have fun ! 
I thank you Lord for the sweetness of the rain ... the sun may not be shining Lord you love me just the same ... let the cold winds blow , I know , I'm safe here in your hands ... and Lord I thank you for the rain ! ( A good Cockman Family song ) Is so excited that the cockman family has new songs !!!! Now I have to save for the cd ! LOL ! 
Getting rwady for church hoping we see a crowd today !!! Praying our friendship connection is truly blessed ... and we see souls saved ! 
tooth hurts , throat hurts , everything hurts goodnight ! 
I fell asleep with mom's phone in the bed cuz I had text someone and fell asleep during because medicine knocked me out . At 2:35 I am suddenly wide awake . I begin to look for phone and I hear \static\ " . Find phone and since a lil girl wet the bed ( which never happens ) it is soaked . Little did I know the \ " static\ " was the phone trying to catch fire ... there are burn marks on the battery !!! Thank U God for awakening me ! " 
trying to see how much to go to dentist ... can't take this pain anymore !! I think I may have an exposed nerve ! ughh misery .... :( 
dentist at 11:30 .... i'm nervous I hate this and haven't been in far too long !! 
dentist pulled tooth ... not so much pain now . Thanking God for a compassionate and caring dentist !! I am amzed at what God can do everyday !! 
still a bit sore in the mouth ... getting better though ! Very nervous as I am going to have < PROPMALE > dental work done the week after Thanksgiving and I am very nervous . Is still overwhelmed by the kindness shown to me yesterday !! God is good !! 
Going to go for a walk on this beautiful evening with my daughter !!! Love the fall weather ! 
\as I stand here by God's grace ... my broken life is healed ... God has been so good to me ... he truly is a friend ... \ " A part of a song kinda changed the words that I really like ... and needed to hear at the moment . " 
More homework than I feel like doing but gotta do it . Another presentation this Thursday then WV Friday . Hope weather allows us to get alot done for Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Morrison . 
CVCC and I do NOT get along ... I go online to request an official transcript ... it says you pay $5.00 okay so I enter my info select only one transcript to be sent and they say thank you for your payment of $10.00 !!! Ughhh they are rotten to the core now time to call someone and figure out why this system like most systems there is faulty !!! Sorry if you love cvcc but it ad I go way back and we despise each other lol ! 
Watching the World Series ... Go Phillies !!!!!! 
Either way was a good game !!!! 
so much school work !!! Presentation tonight on \The Masque of the Red Death\ " by Poe tonight ... then work !!! Pray for Gateway members in West < PROPFEMALE > working for Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Morrison ! " 
watching The Maiden Heist ... supposed to be taking a test ... I'll get to it in a few lol ! 
So I am not anti-war ... some wars have to be fought but I forget ... what is this war about ?? If it isn't already it seems to me before its over we will have a religious war . I try not to be predudice , nor do I want my freedom of religion taken away ... but there has to be a line drawn when your religion tells you to kill innocent people ... particularly Americans . 
It's really sad because not all of this faith believe so radically but unfortunately as it tends to happen will be thrown in with the radicals either way ... reminiscient of the witch hunts ??? It's going to be the world against one religion ... one faith ... if they don't take over before we get the nerve to stand up for what we believe . How many more lives will be lost as this religion grows more rapidly everyday ?? 
pray for us as we head to West Virginia ... we won't get into the difficult part of the mountain till after dark ... so hopefully we will find our way . If I remember right there is a point where you have to stop and get gas because after that station it's 90 minutes deeper into the mountains . 
Just got home from WV ... had a wonderful time with < PROPFEMALE > . There is so much that still needs to be done and so many needs to be met . She is definately in need of some womens clothing , especially larger sizes . Some ladies came to her for clothes for a funeral but didn't have any . Pray that God will really bless the ministry she is starting . 
I have lost my wallet ... I had it last in KFC in WV I hoped it was in Janets blazer but she has not forund it . I pray that it is not stolen ... I just have a bad feeling . It had all my important cards in it . I am praying it turns up not harmed !! 
another day ... hoping to find my wallet !! 
is praying hard her wallet turns up !!! Not at the two locations I had it last so I don't know ... :( 
still no wallet and zero access to the $50 bucks I had to my name .... I pray if It got stolen God will take care of it !!! I have had the worst luck with my money but the last two times it happened one factor has been the same . Why must I go through this a third time this year ... I just do not understand .... totally just down . 
so far my debit card has not been abused ... I am praying hard it will yurn up and that a good samaritan found it and will mail it to me !!! Crazy I know but I have faith !! 
okay so I think < PROPFIRST > and I are leaving at 2am and hunting for the wallet ... road trip !!! Ughh not really that excited at the moment . 
Hopes that I hear word about my wallet before taking the long drive . 
not trying to make the trip ... just having faith . 
this rain makes me want to sleep , sleep , sleep . 
finally found a monologue from < PROPFIRST > WIldes play < PROPFEMALE > . The story ... although very much dramatized ... of Herod's stepdaughter who dance for him and then she requested the head of < PROPFIRST > the Baptist on a silver charger . It's a little morbid but I like the potential reaction I might get !! 
found extra social security card and expired driver license so I can at least get paid !! Thank you Lord for helping me through this ! 
God is good and he will bring us throught it all ... It's hard to believe that sometimes but it is very true !! 
praying about a second job .. thought unemployment would go up more than it did so now the happy hunt for a second job ! 
Just found after looking for years ... a totally online B.A. in English Language and Literature program at Southern New Hampshire University !!! Half the price of L-R and a good school !!! Praying God will allow me to get accepted into their program !! 
NY strip ..... buttered noodles ... mmmm good supper !! 
not much too say .... somethings that happened this week not good at all but I think has changed me forever ... not in a bad way . Had to wake up to some harsh realities and truly let go of something and give it to God . 
getting some cleaning done ... praying harder about what to do about school , it is such a difficult decision . The New Hampshire school ... lets you only go two classes at a time and I am not keen on that . I am ready to get finished ! 
Another stupid waiting period .... they love for people to be broke lol ! God is good and he will see us thru this week ! 
everything that could go wrong in the last hour has .... just one of those days !! Thanks < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for that song ! 
ever just can't shake the blues ??? I just don't know what is wrong .... I keep trying so har to make life better and I pray and pray but certain past things continue to haunt , fears overcoming me of never rising above this situation . I am getting used to the pattern of rise ... then fall ... rise again ... fall harder ... keep me in your prayers please it'a been a very hard week . 
If you are blessed with marriage ... cherish every moment ... the good and the bad . Those annoying things your spouse does that drives you crazy ... imagine life without them ... you'll miss even the annoying things I assure you . Love each other no matter what and never ever let divorce be an option ... it deeply destroys your soul . 
okay so I must have left the closet door open ... so I get up to turn off alarm and turn light on and WHAM the side of my face and nose go right into the edge of the door . If that don't wake you up I don't know what will ! Man I can't stand to be hit in the nose !! Get my face anyday but not the nose ouch !! 
I have a liitle red line on my nose and above my lip ... thanks to the closet door jumping out and hiiting me this morning ! Ughh . 
maybe a litte nap time ... work in awhile . Ready for tomorrow . 
making smores with the kids 
Please pray for my Great Unce < PROPMALE > Mcrary ... he went to hospital today sick and has pneumonia so bad it's in his blood stream . He is ICU at Catawba . Pease remeber him in your prayers he is not doing well at all . < PROPMALE > is on his way now to be with them too . 
Please continue to pray for my great uncle and also my cousin April . Apparently while in the waiting room with the rest of the family she had a seisure ... never has had one before so they are testing to see what caused it . So this famiy is getting hit with two different things in one night ! 
taking < PROPFIRST > to dance ... I love Saturdays . 
Praise God the kids dad is coming to church to see their play ... you have no idea what I went through just for asking so please , please pray with us for him that God will work in his heart !! It was worth the trouble if it means he comes to see the kids and God can work in his heart . 
bad headache today ... fixing food to take to church then headed to funeral . Then to school . I have a goal to make a complete set of dishes before Dec 3rd because that is last day to throw . AFter that only trimming and glazing ! I have plates down pretty good , bowls ... so , so ... cups well depends on the day LOL ! Twill soon be the end of my pottery career haha ! 
praying about more big decisions ... we will just have to see . 
With family being in the hospital now the 3rd person of same family , we have decided to share Thanksgiving Dinner all together . When kids we spent lots of time with this family but drifted apart it's sad sickness is what brings you back together but it is nice for family to be able to ejoy time together once again . 
Could one of my biggest dreams really be about to come true ???? Still taking slow deep breaths ... nothing in writing yet .... my job to do all that writing this weekend .... oh man .... one step at a time ... can't get to excited ... these dreams have been crashing and burning before getting started for about 5 years now . I've been praying and something just feels right about it ths time ! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!! 
< PROPMALE > shouts \Praise the Lord\ " and did a happy dance because this is the first time in 4 or 5 years he has not had to work Black Friday at Sears !!!! " 
Well Thanksgiving dinner is going well so far ... can't wait to eat ! Too much craziness going on please keep our family in your prayers ! My cousin < PROPFIRST > was rushed to < PROPMALE > , Cousin Amber ... < PROPMALE > s granddaughter in ICU , And Uncle < PROPMALE > still not doing good , and his house got broken into last night !! Please send up special prayer for this family ! 
been a [ retty good day ... lots of work to do tonight . 
time to pick kids up ... they spent most of the last three days at their dads ! I miss them !!! 
about time for work 
okay so we were spending Christmas week at a cabin but thanks to a very special friend we have a much better surprise for them ... Taking them to Disney World !!!!! I have never been or thought I would ever get to go ... I don't know who will be more excited me or them !!! Im truly thankful for my friend who is helping make this happen for my family by the way of a huge discount lol ! Shhh don't tell them it's a surprise ! 
Pineapple Upside down cake finally in the oven ... gahh nothing is going right this morning . 
time for bed .... another visit at 10 to another potential dream come true lol . 
ughh I hate doing dishes ... then off to the land of pottery woohoo !!! 
Pottery stunk !!!! I worked very hard to make 4 plates last week ... they were pretty good and they all messed up tonight but one and it will probably fall apart too !! Ugh !!! :( 
and the test kitchen begins .... lol 
and the test kitchen fails ... I give up for the night ! 
time for the big dentist appointment !!!! I am more afraid than my kids ever were !!! I am going to be stuck with soups and liquids for the next few days ... great ... but I won't have anymore problems !! 
I feel like my whole head has been ran over by a transfer truck .... scariest day of my life .... time to drift off to Vicadin land .... omg I don't ever want to do that again ! 
What a terrible day ... intense pain ... took medicine on an empty stomach and slept ... got up and went to sink to put more gauze in and blacked out !! Very scary hasn't happened in years . Apparently my blood sugar dropped , plus the nerves , and not eating all contributed to the blackout . No more vicadin for me ... Ibuprofen will do just fine !! 
Thanks for all the prayers ... feeling much better ... so far ibuprofen is holding pain off . Thankful for such a wonderful and very patient dentist and for < PROPFIRST > who had to end up coming back and holding my hand like a child lol ! Btw we are not talking pulling a single tooth ... major dental work today ! 
No swelling the first two days but this morning I look like a chipmunk !! Feel fine just puffy thats all . Presentation due tonight ... I just don't know how well I will be able to do it . 
Pray for me < PROPMALE > and Lisa ... we have to sing tomorrow an my mouth is still sore ... I am praying it eases up before tomorrow !! 
Okay I think I got the last bit of leg work done for this plan ... yeesh so many little things !!! Praying God will allows us to do this so we can be a blessing to others and I can finally take care of my family and help like they helped me ! 
gotta love those health inspectors ... I get to enjoy time with one tomorrow woohoo ! You should see how restaurant employees act when they see health man pull in ... it's hilarious !! Now I am not talking about sanitation issues here ... half the point taken off from a score have absolutely NOTHING to do with the food or sanitation ! It's INSANE !! 
home from school ... did final glazing ... now time for some mint chocolate chip ice cream and watching a movie ... Public Enemies ... LOVE < PROPFIRST > Depp ... rarely does bad movies !! This is nice ... havent got to do this in a long time !! 
God answers prayer !!! Still have to be patient and pray the rest comes together ... this will definately be a dream come true ... but some very hard work .... I so hope it all comes to pass it will be worth it . 
< PROPMALE > found Cowboy's leash and that find unleashed a fury of crying and anger !!! Oh my poor kids their first dog ever didnt even make it a year . Breaks my heart ... so it was me and them both squalling their eyes out in the recliner and then I get asked .. \mommy why don't you cry ? Why don't you show us you miss him ? \ " That makes you feel real great lol ! " 
pancakes at midnight yumm ! 
my kids just don't like < PROPFIRST > Browns Christmas like I do lol I am getting old ! 
Time for last Environmental biology test woohoo !!! 
Would've been married 8 years today .... had a beautiful , Christmas , candlelit wedding .... some pain ... time just can't heal .... you just have to learn to live with it . 
time for food experimentation ... something I have not done in forever ... 
a homemade tomato sauce and a vinagerette dressing turned out perfectly !!! I have a new love .... his name is ... GORDON RAMSEY !!!! LOVE him !!! Okay sorry spazzing out a lil bit ... but he is awesome ... a fresh new take on things i knew and then I learned some things ... thats what happens when you youtube him all day ... yea I have no life at the moment lol !! 
Want t make a statement clear ... if anyone is like my dingy brother ... and thought when I said I had a new love ... Gordon Ramsey it meant I fell in love thats not it ... but of course < PROPMALE > didnt know who he was and everyone else probably does ! Ugh brothers ! I dont watch tv so I had never seen him . I just came acroos him online and I love to cook and I love watching his shows !! 
Whole family went for a walk , my kids are at the neighbors for their first sleepover with friends wh aren't adults !! LOL ! LOVE the snow !!! Wish my teachers would post grades ! I have an A in History of Pottery but don't know my four other grades yet ! 
Got a call from < PROPFEMALE > this morning and guess what they found while cleaning , due to < PROPMALE > Road being stranded in the snow at < PROPFEMALE > Morrisons ?? MY WALLET !!!! Praise the Lord I kept hoping it would turn up !!! Thank you Lord for answering my prayer !!! 
time for brainstorming and researching !!! 
< PROPFIRST > and I went to the movies ... barely got from the car to the door and coming back out we slid all the way to the car like we were ice skating !! Glad his car drives good in the snow ! 
no school and me and the kids all woke up at 6am !!! What happened to sleeping in ??? 
fin < PROPMALE > y got a b < PROPMALE > lpark equiptment quote , now wait to see if we can budget it < PROPMALE > l ! Praying God will < PROPMALE > low this dream to come true ! Things keep f < PROPMALE > ling into place propery and in the time I origin < PROPMALE > y wanted too so hopefully it is < PROPMALE > meant to be ! 
up early again this stinks .... and awoke to an old ghost's text wanting to know if I still had memory cards from the most memorable weekend of my life ... must want those stadium pics but just didn't need to experience this feeling right now ... that gut churning sickness ... Oh well I'll deal with it ! 
STRAIGHT A's!!!! I have not made staright A's since like elementary school !!!! I never ever thought Id see a 4.00 on my transcript ever !!! WOO HOOOOOO !!!! 
Also my first A in science !!! I had a B in geology and that was last science I took back in 2005 ! 
business people who say over and over they will call on such and such date and they don't ... really urk me . If they can't keep their word on a time for a phone call what should I think of how they do business ! Once is one thing but over and over again is another . I know it's the holidays but don't give someone your word if you can't keep it ! 
long day ..... time for bed !!!! 
headed to my od home church for family get together !! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!! Just got home from a beautiful candlelit service ... time to wrap moms things for dad lol and hopefully get a lil rest ! 
going to see mamaw < PROPFEMALE > then sherlock holmes at 8 !!! 
Movie was long but very good !!! Missing my kids and happy to know I have a new niece on the way !!! 
I meant to say niece or nephew lol and NO ... it is not < PROPFEMALE > who is pregnant ... yet anyway ... its my sister n law ! :) 
My Sister's Keeper is by far the saddest mobie I have ever seen !!! I cried from beginning to end !!! 
Be aware of people with off the wall names ... I had a girl want to add me as friend under name < PROPFEMALE > tobia ... she had lots of friends with Muslim names ... lots of them . I just got a new request ... same pic different name and no friends with Muslim like names . < PROPFEMALE > added a girl who used her < PROPFEMALE > to lash out at Christians and promote their faith ... so be careful ! they are using facebook to attack christians ! 
bored ... bored ... bored ... could pack for vacation !!! 
so we leave tomorrow for our first family vacation in two years and my boss without any warning goes out of town and does not sign us up ... so no paycheck which I relied on to make the trip . The devil has tried to attack my faith really hard lately ... it's in God's hands cuz mine are tied . 
I just can't grasp why when you try so hard ... and keep trying ... you keep falling . One step forward and two steps back ... what am I doing wrong ??? 
does anyone know how to get the spyware junk off your laptop ?? All the things the internet says try I can't! It blocks me from doing into everythin ... can't get online either ! They say its rogue spyware but I need it gone !! Please Help ! 
wow no sleep since 4am friday morning ... had a lot of fun last night with my family and now to sleep the rest of this day away .... zzzzzzzzzzz 
Finally home !!! Had a lot of fun ... was exhausting but kids loved it !!! Glad to be back home ... only sad part is that it was freezing down there and Florida is supposed to be < PROPFEMALE > and warm ! It went below freezing every night ! I guess no pain no gain !! 
Back to the usual schedule today ! getting kids off to school then off to Western Piedmont to register for another fun semester of school ! 
long day today !!! Thanks to malfunctions on Westerns behalf I was at registration from 10:30 am until 6:00 pm !!! I was not a happy camper ! But it's done yay last semester for community college ! 
Wow school this semester looks aot harder than I expected ! Four classes instead of five but more work ! I have an Old testament class ... good thing I have a brother going to Bible College hehe can help me with these 4 3 < PROPFEMALE > essays I have to do !! An did anyone know that when you take intro to computers you actually have to already be cmputer smart ?? Oh my I see many long nights in my future !! LOL ! 
Losing my < PROPFEMALE > with Western Piedmont ! Last semester registered with no problem but this semester was horrible to register and records and test scoring people want to keep misplacing my info !! It's one thing if it's my fault but for them to be neglagence on their part has gone far enough . 
and meet < PROPFIRST > and get the kids ! 
WOW getting ready for this semester and trying to get a lil ahead !! 
There followed a happy time of stolen meetings . 
Please keep < PROPFIRST > and I in your prayers as head out to meet with the health inspector and fire inspector today . Praying all goes smoothly so we can get this place up and running ! 
Well we may have a problem with hot water heater not being large enough ... praying that he calls us back today and says it will be ok !! That was only problem we encountered today . 
God answers prayer ... just got a call from the owners saying that whatever had to be done to the water heater they would take care of it ! I hope it's nothing though ! 
time to take kids to the doctor and hopefully get this allergy mess straightened out . Poor things ... I didn't get sick much as a kid and ddi not have allergies . 
well both kids have allergies and had to have blood drawn today to see what kind . I am so proud as they didn't throw a fit of any kind and didn't even shed a tear ! They watched too ... thats more than I can do ! 
it's good to be back at church on Wednesday nights !!! 
I don't think I am going to like my Old Testament class much that is being taught by an Eastern Orthodox Priest ... one chapter into the textbook and I already have read more about God's and Goddesses than the Bible !! I can't wait to write these papers I do believe I will have ALOT to say ! 
getting kids ready for school and I so have got < PROPMALE > cleaning to do today !!! I have put it off long enough !! 
Out on the hunt for ski bibs for mom .. ugh i hate shopping !! Maybe a bite to eat too ! 
I've learned enough from the IRS about taxes , payroll , this rule and that from the many workshop videos ... they should hire me :P 
what a crazy morning ! WOke up late and < PROPMALE > tells me at 7:30 am oh yea mom your name got drawn to get to come on the field trip ! Had to tell mamaw I couldn't take her to the store yet , reschedule service appointment at Honda to later , take kids to school then rush mom to get dads car so she had a way to work ! Now time to go sit at Honda forever yuck ! LOL ! 
when it rains it pours lol , squeking breaks , bald tires oh my !! Lord thank you for at least allowing me to have a car to drive ! I know he will help me make it !! God is good !! 
turning in early tonight 
there was a little woodpecker in our tree and by the time I got camera ready ... it flew away !! My old friend < PROPFIRST > said you never go anywhere without your camera ! It was so cute ! 
I am a closet tree hugger ... but I do not buy into global warming ... but there is a little environmentalist trying to slowly creep outta of me ... STOP !!! I hated science all my life and now ... now ... < whispering > i kind of like it ... shh don't tell it's not right ! You are not supposed to love english and science !!! Thats just breaking the rules !! Oh my I need to get to sleep .... :) 
pray for < PROPFIRST > and I tomorrow ... a big ... big day for us ... I am very nervous at this point but trusting God ! He wouldn't give us this opportunity if we couldn't handle it ! Excited and scared and just a lot of emotions all rolled into one ! 
wheew lots of work in the weeks ahead !!! It's about time for work ... and I really hope police get these guys who are terroizing conover with vandalism ! A church was broken into and they broke every dish in the kitchen , ripped up all animals in the nursery , destroyed the pasters desk and computer it's terrible ! They hit our place last week , rock barn at new years and the guy next door to us ! Please pray they get caught 
and I can't spell when i type too fast lol ! 
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge -- myth is more potent than history -- dreams are more powerful than facts -- hope always triumphs over experience -- laughter is the cure for grief -- love is stronger than death . -Robert Fulghum ... too much death and illness ain one day ... my my my . Please pray for a hurting world ... 
got the water turned on today and it almost scared me ! I heard gurgling and bubbling and every sink in the whole place must have been turned on !! I went running around to turn them all off up and downstairs !!! I got a good work out in lol ! 
about time for work ... my heart is just broken for the < PROPFIRST > family ... please pray for them as they lost their 4-year old grandson ... and pray for his mother ... I knew her personally . God can use this tragedy to save another life . 
tired ... got finished a lil early ... I need to get homework done !! I miss pottery class even though i was not too good at it lol ! 
To of our church familes soldiers are own their way home ... please pray for their safe return !!! Thank you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for what you do for our country !!!! God bless < PROPFEMALE > !! 
please pray for a the young lady who was in the car accident that killed her son ... we are going to visit her early in the morning and pray that God will give all of us ladies wisdom , and the right words to say ... and to be able to share God's love with her . I have known her for a long time as well as her sweet family . Please keep them all in your prayers . 
thank you everyone for the morning birthday wishes !!!!!!!!!! Love you ALL !!! 
wow thank you again everyone I don't think I have ever ever had so many well wishes !!! Made my day !!! 
I am going to be an auntie twice ... well the other still counts to me so I say twice I don't care what others think lol !! Congrats to my sister Lisa ... and again to my sister n law < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
well now time for work ... and it's cold and yucky and I am tired ! I havn't stopped today , between hospital and awana grand pri car painting wheew ! A few more hours and I can crash ! 
nce again thanks for all the kind birthday wishes ... time to crash yay !!! 
tomorrow will be the hardest day I have ever had , I can't imagine the sorrow and grief the family will feel . Please pray God will provide comfort in their time of tragic loss . 
Really asking for a wall of prayer to go up for the < PROPFIRST > family ... tomorrow is going to be very hard for them & the mother . Pray that God will speak to her and her family , comfort them . Pray this family can mourn their loss in peace . Pray also for those full of hatred and unforgiveness that have left terrible comments . Lord you know her heart and only you ... and it's your will that needs be done . 
a very sad day ... had to be difficult for Bro . < PROPMALE > to preach that funeral but it was one of the best messages I have ever heard given at a funeral . He preached the truth and with compassion and love and shared the gospel in hopes someone thru this tragedy might get saved . He's in the arms of Jesus now . 
Praying for a new stove !!! We are tired of chiseling the junk off the old one ... it just aint worth it !! LOL Long day and night ahead ! 
long night , more stress , but it's in God's hands I can't keep trying to fix it myself or worry over it anymore . God is the only way things will ever change I pray God reaches them before it's too late . 
well praise the Lord the hot water heater is good ! Pray the rest of this week will come together . Also pray for < PROPMALE>'s fiance whose grandfather just passed away . 
let me tell ya we have had sales reps swimming round us like sharks today ... a bit overwhelming I must say . 
Still praying for that stove ! God has been so good to us lately I can't thank him enough for his many blessings this week !!! 
kids to school in the am and then to go curl up on a couch for a lil more sleep , if a salesman wants to sell me something that bad ... he better knock on the door really loud ! LOL ! I am pooped ! 
searching for a new stove ... praying God provides us with just what we need ! 
not feeling too well , it's freezing in here ... well only I think so . Also irritated at people who say they will do things and then they don't . Go figure . Time is ticking away and I will just find someone else won't mean a thing to me ! 
Cannot believe that I just read a tip on thawing meat that said , \it is best if water is continually rotating or moving around me to thaw safely in a sink . Another method is to turn your washing machine cycle to delicate and thaw in the washing machine . \ " WHAT ???? Are they crazy ??? I thought I had heard it all but thawing in the washing machine is a new one for me !!! " 
is bored and misses her kids . Tomorrow will be the first time I don't wake up to my kids on their birthday . < PROPFIRST > will be 6 tomorrow . Wish they were here . 
Time to breakdown and do homework . Apparently I made the presidents honeree list last semester ! Yay ! This semester is going to be rough , a lot on the plate but I CAN do it !! 
< PROPFIRST > is creating a logo and I am finalizing menu details ... fun ... fun ... fun ! Praying God blesses our new venture ! 
Is being accused of being very mean by poor Chris ... I think he's even pouting ... HAHAHA I can't help it . I told him the nature of my brutality and he still chose to be my firend ... not my fault he didn't listen !!! 
I think alot of people have some cabin fever LOL ! 
headed to spend the night in conover much to do that snow kept us from doing . I believe our range will be taken care of in the am and I defiantely am thankful for that ! Praying ice is not too bad tonight ! 
got to get up and head to dentist in this nasty weather !! 
Praise God a new stove is being ordered today ! Yay !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
time to do homework ! I have never been so busy in my entire life ! < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > have worked hard all day in kitchen ! Finally got the yucky broken stove out yay !!! Thank you Lord for your many blessings today ! 
wow a wonderfully productive day ! Praying tomorrow will be the same ! SInce kids don't have school we are spending another night ! But couch cushions on a floor sandwhiced between two kids is just not comfortable LOL ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry under your name as a comment ... found this interesting . 
BE AWARE of fake facebookers ! I have had same girl try to add me using same pic and 20 different names . Check their wall ... no comments = not real ... check their friends list several < PROPMALE > names = muslims . All together = hate for Christianity coming soon to your < PROPFEMALE > if you add them !!! We as Christians are being targeted ... this is not a crazy opinion this is a fact supported by proof it has happened ! 
ok today not so crazy ... making progress but now I have to find a good computer techi to crack this windows professional so i can reset the password !! 
man I feel sorry for writers and editors having to meet deadlines ! I just had my first experience with that and it is stressful !!!!!!! < PROPFIRST > has done such a great job ! Can't wait to show off his work ! 
very frustrated .... the letters will not come off the big sign as we had hoped so we will have to take whole sign down ... which requires machinery ugh .... 
It hasn't showed up on my < PROPFEMALE > but I just went to Catawba County's Page ... NO SCHOOL !!!!! 
WOOOHOOO I paid a debt in full today and my last tie to a big mistake was broken !!! I feel Liberated !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Good-bye SIR !!!!!!!!!! 
going bowling with Sunday school class in awhile ... get one last good outing in before life goes into overdrive !!!! And it is such a beautiful day ! 
is not liking English class ... I can write easily when I don't have to think about it ... it pours out . When I have to be technical and perfect I write like a fith grader .... ughhh .... so many more English classes to go .... :( 
bout time to leave for church ! 
facebook is not working properly ! 
sunday napping ... when i need to be homeworking lol ... 
time for choir practice ... then i get to play with babies tonight in the nursery ! Always wanted one more ... oh well :( 
just doesn't understand people sometimes ... 
could someone please feel me in on why everyone's status has \who dat\ " .... blah blah ?? I am lost !! What did I miss ?? I don't watch enough tv maybe ?? " 
okay so maybe I am just not meant to be an English major ... I want it ... but it don't want me ... ugh . I love t write and I love my literature . I even know how to ut proper grammar to use but knowing what grammatical skills I just used ... like putting a name on them ... I AINT GOT A CLUE ! LOL !! Yea I know aint ... aint a word hehe I am getting angry with homework ! 
ok hood cleaner finally here stove be here tomorrow ... oh this is a head ache but I knew it would be ! 
painting the floor ..... yay 
kitchen floor half way painted !!! Woohoo ! Kitchen is all clean and smells of lemon instead of a grease pit ! Those guys did an excellent job ! Hopefully ice machine will be fixed up tomorrow , stove will finally arrive , some final cleaning on all good equipment and maybe get that place put back together by Wednesday ! 
I need to so get to bed but to angry to rest yet ... and people still ask me why I don't date ... well don't get me started ... it just is not worth it .. ever ... at all !!! It would take God smacking me in the face to c the right \one\ " if they exist ! " 
ok maybe not ... I am a little slow this morning ! 
just waved goodbye to the junky old stove .... wooohooo and thank you for coming to get it !!!!!!!!! 
tired ... homework is really stressful this semester but I just need to make it thru the next two weeks ! God is good and I am so thankful for the opportunity I have been given ! 
another long day ... way too technical for me ! 
okay any able bodied men available this am ??? I have a stove on my side walk and can't get it in just me and Chris ... They just kinda unload off the truck and leave ... HELP ! 
papaw to the rescue !!! Thank you ! 
stove is inside woohooo and floor is painted ... making progress ... yes we are lil by lil ! 
stupid people amaze me .... how can you be so decieved to think someone is the world and then they turn out to be a hateful ... hypicritical ... phony ... who makes the \real\ " Christian people look bad ! Don't claim the name of Jesus if all you intend to do is smear his name with your ignorance ... I mean COME ON ... REALLY ??? " 
well gettin kitchen put back together today woohoo !! Hopefully hood system will get inspected too ... I am praying at least lol . Too much to do ! 
okay so the best super sliders in the world won't help just me and < PROPFIRST > push an almost 900lb stove into the kitchen ! So another day with a stove not in place ... :( 
this is going to be a good day .... I know it !!! And very productive !!! 
two papers to write by tomorrow night , another paper by Monday night , and a place to get opened agghhhh crazy insane busy weekend !!! Head is spinning really fast right now ! 
Even with all the stress .... I must say ... I think this is the happiest I have been in a real long time . I am so blessed with two beautiful children ... a best friend who I treat like crap lots of times ... sorry Chris ... and more great friends and a wonderful family . This < PROPFIRST>'s Day I want my family and my friends to know how much I love them and appreciate them !!! 
well we are not opening tomorrow as we had hoped but we are praying only for a few days delay !! 
ok so worked really hard getting my Bible class paper done ... then went about my day . Happened to check school email at 11:53 and there was a reminder from my instructor to turn in papers by midnight ... I had typed mine ... saved it and walked away from computer without sending it . My first attempt froze up so I finally got paper submitted with like two minutes to spare ... wheeww ! 
day two ... not open ... please pray God will let everything fall into place that needs too before the week is out !! 
well ... just tired ... simply drained .... \isn't it great .... when he's four days late ... HE'S STILL ON TIME !!! " 
wheew homework is absolutely kicking my butt this semester !!! I thought this semester would be easier ... well it's not ! 
so apparently I have a bug ... woke up at 4am sweatting to death and my head , legs and back ache ... stomach has spells of feeling bad but no puking ... thank you lord !! So far anyway ... Matt is sick too pray for him . Is this the bug everyone has talked about ?? 
health inspection is set for Tuesday around 2:30 please pray all will go well and we get open next week !!!!!!!!! 
I was not so helpful today not feeling well ... ughh cant get behind anymore !! 
up late ... painting ... and repainting ... so tired of cleaning but it will soon be worth it !!! 
mmm 3am T-Bone steak .... I starved myself all day for fear of getting sicker ... can't resist anymore ! 
let's see what does my day consist of ??? Scrub , scrub , scrub ... scrub ... scrub ................ 
WILD COYOTE SIGN FOR SALE ... IF YOU KNOW ANYONE WHO LIKES THAT STUFF ... PLEASE MAKE AN OFFER AND GET IT OFF MY HANDS !!!!!!!!!!!! 
thanks too a lot of help from < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and Dad and my sister this place is looking great now !!!!!!!! 
blank .... just want to go away with my kids on a long vacation . Lord I don't always understand what you ask of me ... can't always see your will ... but I am trying my best not to be in your way . 
so my biggest problem on my papers in English class ?? focus ... focus more she says and concentrate on one point in each paragraph ... type two pages ... not five ... telling this too a free spirited .. gypsy soul ... to focus on one thing ?? I NEVER !! LOL at least its not any worse than that yet ..... 
this day has been too much ... time for bed so i can forget about it awhile ! 
two papers finished after a nap to help this massive headache ... did not help ... ughh 
please pray for us today ... health inspection time ! 
okay so pepsi and truck put us behind so we decided to reschedule inspection for in the morning . Wednesday is our short day so no point opening till thursday .... so we will Lord willing be open Thursday !!! 
open tomorrow !!!!!!!! 
Ok fryer malfunction ... not quite open yet ughh 
Fryer or no fryer we are OPEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
weird day but went well .... so tired .... thanks for all wo came and suported us tonight and the strangers too ! 
Gateway friends , family and all other friends ... if you have not had supper yet come have dinner with us at Uptown !!!!!!!! Pork chops with Mashed potatoes , and green beans $7.99 and spaghetti with salad $6.99 ... other good stuff too ! Grilled shrimp salad ... etc ...!!!!!! 
tonight turned out good ... thankful for the lords blessings and very tired !! 
so aside from extreme exhaustion .... I am so happy right now !!! 
time for church ! 
it feels so good to be back to work !!! I was feeling it today for sure but I am happy to feel it ! Back to it tomorrow ! Come see us !! 
thanks so much to those who have come out and supported us this week !!!! 
time for bed ... finally not feeling exhausted .... really blessed ! 
the snow killed us ... :( 
anyone know where you can get the red and black or any color , baskets for burgers and fries cheap ?? 
our first full house !!!! Very busy but all went well and we were blessed ! Praying for a good tomorrow ! 
more than we could handle tonight ... blessed by the business just wish we were more prepared ! So tired ... about time to go home finally ! 
Uptown Family Restaurant !! 116 1st Ave S Conover NC 28613 828-695-9435 
hope today is busier than yesterday ! 
slow , slow , slow lol ready for bed ! 
Watched the < PROPFEMALE > and the frog with the kids ... now time to sleep !!! 
what a great day ! So tired but so glad that my energy level is back up ! very blessed today ! 
extremely tired and alot of homework to catch up on . 
just doesn't get it sometimes ... at all . 
man these papers for my old testament class are hard and exhausting ... 
* ATTENTION GATEWAY FAMILY * FAMILY PICNIC APRIL 3rd !!! Note with details coming soon !!! 8 seconds ago clear 
Te family picnic will be held at gateway and we are doing an egg hunt foer the children !! Cant wait ! 
someone is hacking peoples < PROPFEMALE > . If you receive a message from someone you know and it shows a youtube link do not open it !!! May be a virus !!! 
had a good day ... now movie time with the kids and Sparks have games tomorrow !! Go Sparks !! 
Again everyone ... someone is reeking havoc on facebook !!!! Wall posts with a link don't open them either !!! If it were a real video it would have a title ! Before you open any link sent to you by a friend , ask them if they sent it !! 2 ppl from church < PROPFEMALE > have been messed with I am sure there are more to come . 
its bad enough when you know what went on but it still doesn't ease the sting of it finally being confirmed ... what you though ya knew all along . Wow ... all I can say .... no more words can describe . 
you know what I can finally not feel guilty anymore ... what's done is done . It's all over now and time to finally move on with life . God has been good to us and I am so thankful . Not going to let other things try and make me forget that ! 
It's a brand new day !!! For Joy comes in the morning ! 
It has been a good week for school !!! I got an A on my paper about < PROPMALE > and The Law , a 98 on my English assignment , and a 98 on my Environmental health test !! and lastly a 100 on a spreadsheet project !! Woohoo !!! 
why am i such an easy target for thieves ?? 
is wore slap out but it was so worth it !! 
Having a good laugh with my church family on facebook tonight ! Time to get home and in the bed ! Church tomorrow ! 
isn't feeling well at all ...... 
Time for choir practice ... a bit late ... waiting for < PROPFIRST>'s wet shoes to dry . Just want to feel better ! 
Life is good .... we are so blessed ! 
Paper after paper ... why did I choose to be an English < PROPMALE > ??? Time to start that end of semester research paper on \Alternative Energy Sources . \ " What happened to classic literature ? :( " 
it's just too early ... oh what I would do for a day to sleep in ! 
alot to pray for today but more to be thankful for . 
going to hear < PROPMALE > preach at Summer's church tonight ! 
Thankful for good people and prayers being answered ! 
If there is anyone who could make 2 dozen brownies or cookies for Saturday's picnic ... please email me ! We need some individually wrapped desserts !! Thanks ! 
GATEWAY !! ~ ~ Saturday is our family picnic day !! Please pass this on ! We will be having an egg hunt and some singing !! Sandwiches , chips , and drinks will be provided !!! So come out and fellowship with us ! Also bring a picnic blanket or your favorite lounge chairs ! If you don't have any there will be chairs there !! 
wow got our butts kicked ... and how we dug ourselves out is an interesting story in itself but glad we had their help for sure ! 
really hoping we can save to go on a disney cruise this June ... going to be tough but we will try anyway ! Definitely a plus knowing someone who works for Disney ... or else I and Disney would have never met lol ! 
So tired amd still a few hours to go ! Wow what a busy day ... so thankful for good business ! 
had a wonderful time with my church family today and am so thankful for family who ran the kitchen in my absence oh and < PROPFIRST > too lol ! 
< PROPMALE > homework to do ... 6 pages on alternative energy sources ... yay what a wonderful way to spend Easter !!! 
I do so much better with real books ... researching using the schools online database is a pain ... passwords for all the different ones and too much info in front of your eyes at once . Only cool part is it shows you exactly how to cite each article by the different requirements like MLA so I know i will not mess that up !! So tired but it is going to be a very long night !! 
It is so HOT !!!! But I LOVE IT !! 
computer would not cooperate last night so I am still working on this research paper ... found a qoute I liked though ... \we are fighting a war on terror and paying for both sides of it ! \"- James Woosley of the Set < PROPFEMALE > Free Coalition " 
wishing some business would come in !!! Too slow today ! 
I reckon it's just going to be a slow day but God is still good and I am not going to worry .. I am going to trust him ! 
Did you know that Exxon Mobile is growing green Algae for fuel ??? 
I love the Eagles but trading McNabb was long overdue ... sorry ... but it was ... 
I have looked at so many articles it is not funny .... nuclear fission ... cap & trade system ... carbon sequestration ... diesterol ... lol ! 
taking a break from research and watching a movie ! Did you know if mayo gets cross contaminated and has e coli into it ... it's acidity can hold the bacteria alive for up to 55 days !! Gross !!!! And scary !! Okay environmental health is going to my head someone stop me please !!! 
wide awake ... guess its time to read some more journal and news articles ... yay ... 
Oh how I love all the Family picnic day pictures !!! Everyone is smiling , and happy and having a good time !! That's why I love my church !! Such wonderful fellowship ! 
I think I can ... I think I can .... I think I can .... finish the first draft of my research paper .... which is where I have failed years ago in English ... no pressure ... I think I can ... I think I can ... 
finally got a fan for this Upper Room and now maybe I can really get my paper done and not die from the heat !!! 
people continuously come in expecting us to serve the same food wild coyote served ... I do not care how good the food was ... we r uptown if we wanted to be wild coyote we'd left the name the same . That's like Burger < PROPMALE > opening up in an old McDonald's building and me going in and saying hey ... this used to b mcdonald's so can I get a big < PROPMALE > ?? Very frustrating ... 
made the mistake of going to mess around into the antique stores here in downtown and well I love < PROPFIRST > old books and I had to get three !! The English Novel by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , Ballads of American Bravery by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , and A Mother's Might and How to Use It by Coolidge .... oh and there r more I have my eyes on ! 
it is super hot and deader than a door nail !! LOL ! 
Praying for some consistency in business just when you are about to get ahead it slows down ... but the Lord is my rock , and my salvation ... whom shall I fear ?? 
I am so over this research paper .... geezz !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
getting ready to close , vacuum my car and scrub from the inside out !!! I really , really miss my kids !!! Never go this long without seeing them !! :( But they are vacationing at mamaw and paps ! 
just got a box of family photographs from the 30's and 40's of all kinds of families , soldiers etc ... so excited to look thru them ... I have big plans for these photo's and Uptown ! 
praying for a very busy day !!! 
well headed out of town ... excited but not ... first time not being in the restaurant for the weekend . Finally getting to spend some time with my babies !!! Watching the Disney movie Earth ! 
cleaned out car , half way decent anyway , packing , trying to not think of how insane the restaurant may get in a lil while ... yikes ... Lord please let them have a good weekend ! Ready to get out of town for a bit and maybe I can actually concentrate on my homework ! LOL !! 
heading to close out women of joy by listening to < PROPFEMALE > Kingsbury speak !! 
Finishing up paper ... got one more to do . Waiting on < PROPFIRST > to take me to pick my car up . Thankful for a good friend who changed my break pads for me ... much appreciated !! God has blessed me with so many kind people in my life and I am truly greatful ! 
bed time .... 
Ah todays Bible paper is on < PROPMALE > David ... this one I like !!! FInally finished first raft of research paper woohoo !!! Don't want to see the grae though ! 
1st draft of research paper went in late because I was in umm ... freak out mode ?? Made a 90 and got some good feedback !!! My biggest problem was just citing sources properly which I knew I would struggle with but now I know how to fix it thanks to a great teacher ! Thank God for good teachers who do care !! 
well ... tried to move while doing homework ... stood up too fast dropped my laptop !! I've had that thing since 2004 . It's gone ... no way to do homework , all my pictures , all my school files , everything I have ever written in two years which is near and dear to me ... is lost on my broken laptop .... my life story gone in a drop ... beyond sad ... beyond angry .... agghhhh !!!! 
Oh my ... could not ask for a better boyfriend .... well needless to say no more computer problem ... but ya'll may not see < PROPFIRST > at church Sunday lol ! 
my second ever powerpoint presentation ! Last time I did one was when a laptop was huge and ugly !!! Like when they first came out ! I have a CIS teacher who is obsessed with Disney !! Everything we have to do is about Disney ... gag a maggot too much cuteness !!!!!!!!!! 
time for bed .............. 
about time to register for summer classes !! School will be non stop for me for awhile ... come too far now ! About ready to finish my last two years !! 
well done early so now it's family time .... some much needed mommy time for the kids !!! C ya'll at church !! 
about to head out with the kids .... what to do ... what to do ... 
up early to head to Morganton for advising ... ready to get the nightmare of registration over with ! Very thankful for my new computer ! Hopefully only 5 semesters left to go ! 
runnin behind ... whats new ???? 
well business picked up a little tonight but the last two weeks have been our worst ever ... terribly slow . Trying to keep having faith ! 
An A on the Bible paper !!! Woohooo !!! LOL even though I literally submitted it half unconcious ! The next day I had to go back and see what I actually sent for fear I typed nonsense in my sleep because I was trying to come up with a good ending to the paper . Well just about as bad I end it with .. \David was a good king . \ " What was that ???? For an ending lol ??? " 
praying this morning is crazy busy ! That is usually what happens when < PROPFIRST > is not there !! Hoping so today !!! 
Praying for a great night ! Looking forward to breakfast with my family in the morning !!! 
Finally done a little early ... kids are still at the ball game with Uncle < PROPMALE > and Summer ! Time to spend a lil time with < PROPFIRST > Cone <33 ( okay I just made myself throw up a lil in my mouth with that one ... but fun none the less lol ) 
having breakfast with the family !!! all the men are cooking !!! 
need to start running ... it's nice and warm now ! Wonder how long this notion will last this year ??? 
bed time .... but first I must drive home .... arrghhh 
On my last week or so of homework until June 1st !!! A lil bit to do tonight ... but anyhow so thankful for my family and church and a much needed long nap today ... we are truly blessed ... even when times are hard and it is hard to believe that ... send praise before the battle ... thats what God reminds me to do . 
So I know peoples facebooks keep getting hacked and viruses are spreading but I noticed something .... it's only my gateway family ! Someone is messing with gateway members facebooks !!! 
Finally registered for the summer semester !!!!!!!!!!! Woohoooooo !!! 
about tiime for attack of the laundry mountain monsters !!!!!!! AAHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Good Morning world !!!!! 
ready to head out of town with the church ladies this weekend . Very thankful that business seems to be picking back up a little this week ... very very thankful !! 
getting ready to go spend the night with my sister !!! Our cook is on a lil vacation so I get to cook all day tomorrow !!! Yay ! scary lol 
ready for the weekend and then no more time off for me in a long time ! Looking forward to my three week break from school !!! Really dreading the fall ! English class , after English class , after english class .... paper after paper after paper ....... :( 
time for my late night hulu viewing ... ahhh gotta love < PROPMALE > Ramsey and Kitchen Nightmares !!!! He is awesome ... aside of the swearing !! 
cooking for the lunch crowd today then leaving it in the hands of my grandma and < PROPFIRST > Cone then heading to E-women with my sister and meeting other church friends there ! 
finally home .. great time !!! 
time to finalize the research paper ... but first a nap to catch up from the weekend ! 
Just put in an application to Regent University ... found out they had my degree so we will see what happens . 
\don't run away just because you can't figure it out \"- Angela < PROPFIRST > @ E-women " 
Final draft of research paper ... DONE ! If I am lucky I will complete all assignments left except one last Bible paper tonight !! One whole month homework free !! 
so sit down to do my last computer project .. not very difficult ... I have a trial of Microsoft Office for school and it has everything but microsoft Access . So I cant do my assignment and it cannot be made up either !! Just great .... any suggestions ?? I have till Midnight ?? 
Wow okay so creating databases ... NOT for me !!!!! 
yaayyy got 105 out of that database fight between me and my computer last night !!! 
well dentist got more than a tooth today ... part of my bone ... yay for me ! So I had an exposed sinus cavity ... no fun but now I'm stitched up and something was put in the missing bones place . But no blowing my nose or anything for a week and lots of pain to come ... and daily visits to the dentist . anyone want to trade mornings ?? 
does not like being banished to the upstairs and told over and over to rest when you cant :( sitting or laying around is not my thing 
you know it's bad when the dentist tells you the next day ... \when I saw how much bone came out with that tooth ... it made me sick !! \ " . I saw the shock in his eyes ... not a good feeling ! You know what though ? Being able to smile and chew and have everything fixed makes it SO worth it ! When the pain is gone there will be no regrets ... I hope anyway lol . " 
mornings are the worst ... I wake up and feel as if I have taken punches in the face and mouth ... please pray this heals quickly and the pain eases 
time to finish the last assignments for the semester !!! 
finally temporarily numb to pain . No sleep last night ... constant pain ... the real kicker ?? I just took the last pain pill I had . I am not one to even take medicine unless I have to and this is one time I am about to call the dentist for a refill !! But I don't want to call and ask ! 
needing a miracle this morning ... praying and trusting God to provide ... but it's not easy .... nothing else i can do ... 
God is always in time ... on time .. every time !!! I stand amazed I tell you that !!! Very thankful and truly amazed ! Thanks for the prayers ! 
an unexpected blessing today on top of the morning blessings ! Thanks to a dear customer I have waited on for many years ... God really knows our need and I wish I could just remember that when it gets rough ! Sadly I get down and dont always put enough faith and trust in God ! 
FINALLY FINISHED WITH SCHOOL !!!! YAY !!!! Well for 3 weeks at least ! 
Made an A in English and B in Enviro Science so far ... waiting on the rest of grades !! I am most excited that I made a 96 on my research paper !!! I have been checking for that grade religiously LOL !!! 
im not into sci-fi type stuff but Avatar is actually a really good movie . Didnt know it was done by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > whose last movie was Titanic ! Hasn't done anything since ... probably didnt have to ! Won't have to for another five years either ! LOL ! 
first night that I am not up til 2am or later doing homework !! Instead I am up doing nothing ! LOL Actually ... I'm trying to get things done at the restaurant . 
it's unbelievable how you can bust your tail ... know what you are doing and do it right and all someone can do is look at you in front of everyone and say how they are annoyed because they didnt think the job got done good enough ... a job they know nothing about . Words and actions hurt and you must watch what you say because sometimes you do damage you can't repair . 
on the way to get more antibiotics ... can't get what the dentist wanted me to get because of cost without insurance ... getting a bad sinus infection thanks to my lovely \complications\ " . Ughh just want to feel normal again !! LOL well I never was normal but you get the point ! " 
FREE DESSERTS FOR MOMS @ UPTOWN TONIGHT !!!!!! Avoid the Sunday crowds and eat at Uptown Family Restaurant tonight !!! 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL MOTHER'S!!! 
had a good day ... had fun at < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s having a cookout ! They are like family been fellowshipping together my whole life ! Did some picking and grinning too . Time for bed can't wait to see what the dentist is going to say tomorrow ... can't be good at the moment . 
today is a new day ... the long miserable weekend is behind me !!! Glad its Monday !!! Really praying for the business we desperately need things to pick up . 
well i hate allergy meds ... don't take them ... now I temporarily have to . So I took my first maximum strength benedryl and my legs feel like jello and I have a sinking feeling I will be out like a light not long after typing this . This stuff makes me feel loopy or something weird like that ..... 
Lord willing my name may finally come off the mortgage !!! Amen ... praise the Lord !!!! Better credit finally here I come lol ! 
you know ... the possibility of being free from a mortgage is wonderful ... but turning over what once was your home ... and giving it up ... is a pill to big to swallow . That last thread that held our names together will finally be broken .... is freedom truly always what its cracked up to be ? 
it is so nice to come home and be able to watch movies again ... 2 more weeks to enjoy !!! 
2 A's 2 B's ... I'll take it !!!!! 
just got a phone call to let me know I have been accepted to Lenoir Rhyne !!!! I have waited a long time for this and am so thankful ! Last two years of school here I come !!! 
getting off of here .... lightning is not my friend .... the reason I do not < PROPFEMALE > umbrellas anymore !!! Long day .. very tired !!!! 
heading to mayfest to pass out menus and coupons !! 
Went to Mayfest and I was quickly reminded of why I hate sales and marketing .... I wasn't technically selling anything but I was ... my business ... not for me ! Felt so uncomfortable !! I will have to have someone do this for me !! I can serve people until the cows come home ... I can show people how to do something but ask me to sell and i clam up and am useless ! Crazy huh ? 
had a good steady day !! Very blessed and truly thankful ! Sometimes the hard stuff blinds me to the goodness God is doing in my life ! For some reason he still loves me ! Many friends , family , guys ... whoever may give up on me and think I am a failure but God sees me different .. hes sees enough in me to have brought me this far ... providing my every need and loving me even when I didnt love myself . 
really enjoying the start of our revival !!! Having church with no power def made the night interesting !! 
i have never in my life ... had to put up with such absurdity as I do with Wachovia !!! Such nice employees but the company who tells them how things should be done is so behind the times and absolutely rotten ! I never ever had problems with Peoples Bank ever ! The devil needs to quit getting in to everything and get out of our way !! We do business in the name of the Lord and he will be our strength !! 
is so excited about starting at L-R !! I can finally see a little bit of light at the end of the tunnel ... although I am sure very soon it will be clouded by the stacks of books I use for research for the billion papers I will be required to write in the next two years ! I am excited either way !!! 
time to kick < PROPFIRST>' butt in some basketball !!!! 
Praying God really turns things around or it may be time to throw in the towel ... 
Psalm 46 .... God is my refuge ...... 
heading to Asheville ... some quiet time alone with the Lord in the car ! 
only a few more weeks until school begins again ! At least I have the summer before the English overload begins :) I am so excited though ... I love it ! It has been a long hard road and I am almost there ! 
if anyone knows someone with a reasonably priced car to sell please let me know ! 
what a beautiful day today to be in the mountains ! We had to get away for just a lil bit ! 
time for awanna awards and getting to hear our wonderful youth group sing for the first time in years !!!! I cant wait to hear them ! 
God is working ... don't know what the outcome will be but he definitely has a plan ! 
lovin the truck ... always wanted one but never ever believed Id have one . God is good !! God is working and we are still just waiting to see what he IS going to do ! 
well the end of the month is almost here .... God will either allow us the to stay or it will be time to close this chapter ... either way God has been good and really blessed us and we have loved every minute of this adventure ! Grateful to have the opportunity in this economy to at least try . 
was told today for a second time prayer will not save a business ... they left and not even an hour later a prayer answered ... my God is amazing and words couldnt tell you the miracles he has worked in our lives this last two weeks ! We are blessed with amazing friends who pray with us and we will keep praying . Thanks everyone who has supported our business very much ! 
Today is a new day ... it is in Gods hands ... he is in control of it all ! This business belongs to him not me and he will do with it what he sees fit to do . 
I'M AMAZED ............... 
feeling a bit like < PROPFEMALE > Bundy minus the bon bons ... ( sad I know ) it's me ... no kids , two movies , a comfy bed all to myself and a box of reeces peanut butter ice cream ... heavenly ! :) 
perfect date ... we rode together in my truck to browse around at the bookstores , then went to the movies .... he went to see his movie and I went to see mine and we met again when they were over lol ! No fuss and I wasnt stuck watching his dumb movie and he wasnt stuck watching a chic flick ... and being alone is often lovely in my book ! 
doing some much needed cleaning and then its off to pick up my babies . 
got to hit sams and walmart early today ... have a large group coming in right at opening time yay !! 
I have to write a book review on a book I am not too interested in reading ... but I do not like being closed minded and I have to earn a grade so ... no choice ... \Dreams of My Father\ " i think that is it . Barak Obama's book . " 
Can't wait to see Wicked on Thursday night !!!!!!!! I LOVE theater ! 
Another beautiful day and glad its a short one ! i caan finish my cleaning and get some homework done . This summer semester thing is going to be jam packed with homework ! 
SILLY BANDZ-hey got kids crazy over silly bands ??? Hobby Town has 100's of them and said no one is coming there to look for them . They are called Zany Bandz and Silly Bandz .... SILLY BANDS @ HOBBY TOWN !! Now ya'll have fun going crazy over that LOL ! 
headed to < PROPFEMALE > shortly .... 
arrggghhh going to school in the summer is absolutely chaotic ... now I see why so many don't want to do it !! Instead of an assignment or two a week its two or three every other day almost ! They are going to cram this stuff right in us !! I have a summer of late nights and early mornings to look forward to ! :( 
I think I have finally finished homework for the day at least ... now to the restaurant ... I'm going to be late !! LOL ! 
how can you go through life with no fire ?? no passion for something !! I don't care how small it is ! I do not understand people who lack ambition . I am sorry but I will never stop dreaming or setting the bar higher for myself . I will not settle for mediocrity ! 
so tired ... and a long while before I will be home and in bed ... ughhh 
Boy was that song in the choir good today !!! 
God received a < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > Atkinson ... a very sweet woman who loved everyone . She made sure I got my wallet back from West < PROPFEMALE > when she went . She was a wonderful lady who would do anything to serve the Lord . You will be missed but I am sure the angels and the Lord rejoiced to receieve such a < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
time for late night homework ... busy week ahead ... dance rehearsal and recital ... work , home work and baseball games !!! I so want a vacation and for school to be out ! Hopefully in August I will finally get to take the kids on my favorite road trip but hopefully go further north with them ! It can't get here fast enough ! 
Invitations are coming but thought I would announce here as well ... we are giving < PROPMALE > and Summer a Kitchen and Recipe Shower on June 26th from 3pm -5pm Gateway Baptist Church . Please bring along with your gift a special recipe to share with Summer ! They are registered at Wal-mart and Bed Bath and Beyond ! 
thinking about going red .... Ive been plain < PROPFEMALE > natural brown long enough ... wind is changing ... i need a change .. hmmm 
just seen one of my favorite customers in the obituary ... the guy killed on his motorcycle . Such a nice man knew him many years and his wife took care of mamaw < PROPFEMALE > when she was in the hospital . 
so I wanted striking red and I get pretty red instead ... bummer ... :( 
dance recital at P.E. < PROPMALE > in a lil while !!!! Very proud of < PROPFIRST > because it was a fight many mornings getting her to go happily but we managed a whole year ! Can't wait to see how beautiful she will be tonight ! :)) 
amazing .. the lack of respect women and girls have for themseleves these days ... an absolute tragedy . 
dance recital was great ... Adrian did an awesome job !!! As well as Mya , Zan and < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! Great Job !!! 
has got to get this gas issue fixed in my truck ... I am tired of breaking down ... like .. everyday :( 
so glad its the last day of school for the kids !!! No more 6am mornings !!!! 
kids r home ... to work a lil bit then to see < PROPMALE > graduate ! 
heading up the mountain to see < PROPMALE > graduate !! 
finally home but just about lost my guts riding in that < PROPFIRST > , coming back through the mountains . Glad to be home ... 
finished essay ... now to bed ... zzzzzzzzzzz 
Summer school will NOT get me down ... it will NOT defeat me !!! Aghh !!! 
why do people with more education feel the need to make others around them feel stupid ? There has always been a negative voice in my life coming from somewhere I have learned to live with it but it will not change my course ... 
I want to go somwhere with my kids for a few days just us to have fun ... but its so darn expensive !! I can take a road trip cheaper but that would not interest my children . Hmmm more looking online I guess or I could just call up my personal travel agent lol ... Tammy calling Tammy ... HELP !! LOL 
Busy weekend ahead ! < PROPMALE > played a great game yesterday evening and got another game tonight and in the am ! 
HOT 
This week has by far been the most stressful I have ever had !! With that said I want to thank God for having things worth stressing over ... it means I have a family I love , job to do , bills to pay wich means I am blessed with what I need , an education to achieve and this week ... precious little ones to teach .. which is challenging but God is molding me and making me for something ... I am blessed and God has been GOOD ! 
Just a note my stressful week has nothing to do with Bible School lOl I have loved getting to teach ... it has been an unusually busy week at work that is causing my stress and of course school and registering for 19 credit hours at L-R . Going to be a busy year ! Reality hits when the directors of the education program tell you ... you start preparing for graduation now ... but it seems so far away 
wheew so tired .... busy week at work ... Praise the Lord !!! Knee deep in homework ... already worrying about the fall ... praying to squeeze in some kind of vacation ... or just me and my kids time ! just truly blessed to be doing things I love ... it will all be worth it one day !!! 
Just found out that all my most important classes transferred to LR with no problem ... after this summer I have about 80 hours to go before I can graduate !! Played around outside and was batting for about 20-30 minutes with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > and wore the skin right off my thumb ! Even lil < PROPFIRST > can hit the ball ! I was impressed cuz she is not athletic ! SHe is artistic lol ! Been a great day & had a great service ! 
Let me make a correction about my previous post . I only posted what I knew and was told by family as calls came in last night . Never meant any disrespect at all just wanted our church family to pray ! No \rumors\ " were intended . I love my family even when I dont see them all the time and some I don't know well . Pray the family will find out what has really happened and get some peace . Sorry to those I may have offended . " 
need to find a sandwich prep table ASAP !!! Geez why must things break !! Why can't they last forever ?? 
getting in shape or healthy is extremely difficult ... when I quit Mt . Dew I don't drink at all ... when I exercise .. I eat better food but like a pig ... after about two weeks I will be dying to rip into any sugar ... the craving will be so bad ... that I can go through a whole box of < PROPFEMALE > cakes in minutes ... gah .. how can I overcome this sugar issue !!!! 
dont you just love when your kids try to convince you that the sitter ( uncle < PROPMALE > ) did not feed them all day ... except for cereal ... and they are awake and begging for food ! LOL ! Oh my ... 
Im just so over homework at this point ... I have barely seen my kids ... now they are at their dads ... I have to keep saying hold on ... Ill play with you later . I hate this ! One month and it will be over ! Lord please just don't let this defeat me !! I'm tired ... simply tired . 
me and my mouth ... always going to get me in trouble ... I thought I had overcome this problem lol . Some things are better off left unsaid I guess . But when you are trying to overcome being a liar like I was for so long ... you become brutally honest ... it doesn't always benefit me I can tell you that . Oh well 
Please pray for < PROPFIRST > Bowling and his wife < PROPFIRST > Crabb Bowling of the Crab Family , her sister and their 8 year old daughter who was involved in a serious accident . < PROPFIRST > is in critical condition . They are asking everyone to pray ... pray .. pray for this family and to post it on your facebook and start a prayer chain . 
is HOT !!! vacuuming upstairs stinks !!! 
okay the fourth week usually means slow business ... well not tonight ! LOL ! 
playing Super < PROPFIRST > Bros with my kids on the Wii ... ugh I dont like video games but this one is fun and my kids bug me to death to play ! 
well time for work time for work ... kids are heading to Boone with < PROPMALE > and Summer . Going to try and get Homework done today so I will have this evening free ... and maybe tomorrow free as well ! Im talking all alone ... ahhh < PROPFIRST > is working and kids will be gone ! May just take a ride to the mountains tomorrow evening . Have to find something to get into ! 
what to do .. what to do ?? 
going for a walk with my Adrian ... and happily taking < PROPFIRST > back to blockbuster in a lil while ... although that makes for a very unhappy son . 
getting ready to make some potato salad , slaw and peach cobbler or tomorrow ! Spending time at the park cooking out with family after church ! 
ahhh peace and quiet ... LOVE IT ! Had a wonderful time with family at the park today ... now it's just me and logical fallacies analysis ! Hope everyone has a good 4th and enjoys the fireworks if you are seeing them !!! God Bless < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
at the restaurant by myself and I hear noise like my kids are playing upstairs ... no one there . Don't think much of it until I hear it again . Hmm I am confused ... no one is upstairs , outside or next door but I keep hearing this sound . Starting to get a lil creeped out !!!! 
thought i had homework but I guess I don't Yay !!! Its just now 10 and I can do what I want and get my head out of a book for a bit !! Woohoo !! 
praying , praying , praying .... and trusting , trusting , trusting .... 
time to get < PROPFIRST > moved from charlotte ... fun fun ... NOT !! I don't want to move heavy furniture ! I tried to convince him to leave it but he won't lol 
gooing to swim and spend time with my kids !! 
its one of those days when I just want to be away from the rest of this world ... when there is comfort in solitude . Peace and quiet time is needed . In those times I can pray and seem to think the clearest ... where God leads and not the influences around me . So many battles raging in my mind . It gets difficult . Makes you feel crazy . 
keep the people in California in your prayers , my brother and sister n law , and two nieces live there and felt a good jolt . They said it hit about 40 < PROPMALE > away . Praying no more hit that area or any area ! 
so exhausted ... 
off to work ! 
going to stay the night with < PROPFEMALE > ! girls night woohoo havn't had one of those in ages !! 
may be babysitting lil < PROPMALE > tomorrow !!! I miss my kids being little ! 
31 hours no caffeine and my body is already screaming at me ... full day of irregular heart beats off and on ... extreme exhaustion ... massive headache ... and now no sleep ... hope i can keep at it for once .. Ive tried this too many times and failed ... I call it Dewtox lol . 
one class ... and book list is ... Sir Gawain & the Green Night ( have yay ) , The Shadow of Sirius , The Complete Sonnets and Poems of Shakespeare ( have yay ) , The < PROPMALE > of Poetry : How to Read a Poem , The Bedford Glosssary of Critical Literary Terms , & last but not least .. The Norton Anthology of Poetry 5th < PROPMALE > . Wow that is ONE english class . LOL Still excited !! 
YOUR PHONE NUMBER IS NOW ON FACEBOOK !! NO JOKE ... Go to the top right of your screen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go to the left side of your screen and click Phonebook . Everyone's phone#'s are now being published . Please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can remove their .. phone #'s by changing their . privacy settings . ( Privacy Settings - Phone - Customize - Only Me 
dislikes the summer ... I don't get to see my kids . Can't wait until they go back to school ! I miss them :( 
end of semester paper topic-\Are Limitations on Freedom of Speech ever Justified ?? \ " Give me some heated debate on this please ... it will help me with my paper lol . Afterall this is \ " argument\ " based research ... ya'll participate in my research please thanks ! " 
please pray for < PROPFEMALE > she is not feeling well today !! 
in the mood to write ... hmmm a lot ... it has been a very long time since I felt like writing . 
taking the kids to suncrest this morning ! 
watching Shutter Island .... 
Matts getting married !!!! Busy weekend ahead !!! Pray for them both !!! 
only problem with watching movies at the restaurant is the drive home at 1:38 am ... ughhh too tired ! 
writing the end ... before the beginning .... always been backwards so what's new ? 
why is it those you love the most .... are the ones who let you down the hardest ??? 
today is < PROPMALE > and Summer's big day !!! Busy morning ! Heading to walmart , destresssing so I can relax and enjoy this day with family . 
beautiful wedding !!! Exhausted !! So glad I closed the restaurant for the day ... now for a long , long , nap !!! 
can never get photos to upload to facebook right and i have tried all theirways !! so i dont reckon ill get my photos put on here tonight lol 
teriyaki chicken and hours of homework .... ahhh perfect way to spend Sunday night ... okay maybe not but i'll make the best of it ! 
dreaming of a vacation ..... 
looking for a nice quiet place to get away for a few days ... oh and affordable ... and not within several hundred < PROPMALE > of home ... we want to go aways away lol 
potted meat sandwiches yummmm ............. 
okay lets try to take the day off one more time and see if it actually works ! Five < PROPFEMALE > book review due today !! Praying for good business but not to have to get called in ! 
vacation destination found ... 10 more days to go !!! Cannot wait to have a break from work and school ! 
So what does it mean when you want to be really organized ... but you try to organize so meticulously you never get anything done ?? < PROPFIRST > just told me my mess ... is my organizing . It's madness !! I want to SO be organized like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Style but I think I take it to a bad level . I mean the cleaning lady I used to work for even said you dont have to do it so good ... you will never get done ! Yet NOTHING is ever clean ! 
book review done just in time !!! 
still at Uptown ........... so tired ........ 
Business Test finished ... one class completely finished .... now I can drive home and crawl into my bed !! 
finally home sweet home ... sleep a couple hours and do it all again ... is the 7th here yet ?? 
ready to head home ... two classes down ... two to go and an mmr vaccination to look forward too ! 
nothing like being home ... with a bowl of chili smothered in sour cream and cheese and baked rolls to dip ... mmmm ... I am in heaven ! My favorite comfort food ! Gotta love some boxcar lol ! 
research paper here I come ... last < PROPMALE > to voice your opinion ... Are limits on freedom of speech ever justified ?? 
prayer request don't want to say yet because I know no details but it can't be good news ... a friend as at the hospital . Please pray for her and baby and that maybe it's not bad . Can't get a hold of anyone to find out . 
Think it's time I actually go to sleep early ... and hopefully no weirdness like last night . I was in some funky in between awake and asleep and kept waking up this way and for some reason I thought I was dying ! I remember I kept getting startled awake , heart pounding and I prayed God please don't let me die . It was like I was dreaming half awake .. weird . 
massive migraine ...... 
So far 3 B's!!! Woohoo waiting on one more and let me just say Summer School murdered me and I am blessed to have made those B's!!! Finally a 23 day break !!! 
when they tell you getting an MMR does not hurt ... psst they are lying !!! It feels like a < PROPFEMALE > explosion in your fatty tissue in your arm that sends torpedos of pain down to your fingertips ... lovely feeling . Oh and then they tell you that a rash and a fever in two weeks are the most common side effect . Why couldn't I be lucky and gotten it as a kid ? 
last grade was an A !!! better than I thought I would get ... hard work does pay off ! 
Im all out of wack ... so used to being up all night doing homework my body does not want to rest ... two nights now and I cannot fall asleep !! Was wide awake till 3:30 am this morning ! 
ready for saturday to get hear so me and the kids can get away to the quiet of the mountains and the nausea dollywood will bring lol ! i hate theme parks but my kids will be happy and thats what makes me happy !!! 
why can't I sleep ????????????? / 
off to a very late start but a good day still ... a few more things and we are off !!! 
having a great time !!! Doing a lot of relaxing but a lot of playing too lol ! Spent the majority of yesterday facing my own fears to make kids brave ! We rode almost every water slide there is in Splash Country !! Kids especially love what we call the toilet bowl slide !! 
loves getting some much needed sleep and enjoying watching old sitcoms ! I never get to watch regular tv anymore ... not that there is anything worth watching lol . Lovin the lil things ! 
time for some more fun ... had a good scare last night thanks to a determined raccoon lol ! 
our last night .... oh but how great a break it has been !!! 
oh and the kids and I have decided to face our fear of heights and try to conquer adventure mountain ... which we all bailed on , on monday lol ! \ 
i know there is a harness but it doesn't make you feel any better about walking across that beam ... several stories in the air ... my legs turn to jello !!! 
:) 
started busy ... then dropped dead ... bummer 
time to watch Last Song ... will end sad because all of < PROPMALE > Sparks stories end sad !!! 
okay lets actually sleep tonight ... church in the am !!! 
the family is singing this morning ... pray for us ! 
ahhh a Sunday with no homework ... no plans ... nothing but a nap calling my name !! 
to bed early for once ... so tired ! praying whatever was in my milkshake ... didn't contaminate it ! It's just plain gross to find an unidentified rubber/plastic object in your milkshake ! Made me gag !! 
pray for my sister n law Lynda ... she is having her baby !!!! 
headed to see baby < PROPMALE > here shortly !!! 
wheeww it is way too hot !!! Time for a quick nap before church and before school goes back and I don't see a nap for another whole year lol ! Nervous about going to school the traditional route ! I will be an oldie amongst a bunch of young people ! 
a call at midnight and now I am awake ... first time I have made it to bed before midnight i forever ... :( 
Time for work ... I cook tonight so better watch out ... this rain is wonderful i just want to stay home curled up in bed and listen to it or watch a movie ! Have got to get some time alone to go see Eat , Pray , Love ... I call it a Me Date lol !!! 
apparently what brings sleep for me lately is .. hulu watching House Hunters ... it's like magic because I am out like a light ... then I get mad because I fall asleep and don't get to see which house they pick !!! By the way the movie The Back-Up Plan made me laugh harder than I have laughed in a long time !!! 
Baby Shower tomorrow for < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Starting L-R Tuesday !!! Finally know who the kids teachers are ... Mrs. Wyant and Mrs. Morris .... now back to work ... praying for a busy night ! Then maybe to see that movie I want to see since I will be kid free ! Can't wait for my me-date ! 
movie was good but a bit depressing ... put me in a sad kinda mood ugh ... so not what I was going for ! But on the other hand makes me want to pack my bags and travel the world lol ! One day ... I will at least make it to Italy ... one day .... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s baby shower today !!! And I just want to stop and be thankful for a good family today and friends and all the many blessings God has given ... God is good ! 
thanks everyone who made < PROPFEMALE>'s shower great and now it's time to get to work !! 
excited about church tomorrow then birthday dinner for mom at < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s! 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz .............. 
I will not be late ... I will not be late ... I think i can ... I think I can ... LOL 
not feeling well .... nap time ... 
nothing like a phone call from satan \herself\ " ... now I can't go back to sleep .... tonights service is going to be good because I'm already struggling . Devil just better not dial my number ever again but I am not letting it take away the joy I have from todays service ... not happening !!! " 
wonderful service tonight ... I knew there was something I needed to hear !! I love when someone teaches you something new about a concept you already know . 
Bot hit is no ferly baz a fole madde , and burz wyles of wymmen be wonen to sorze , for so watz < PROPFIRST > in erde with one bygyled .... ( Sir Gawain and the Green Knight ) 
I have been all over the place today ... WPCC , LR , Viewmont , kids school , aghhh .... today is just too crazy ! I want it to stop ! Now to work ... hate I am going to miss church tonight !! 
had a customer come up tonight that I don't even know well and I have only seen I believe once .. maybe twice ... grab my hand and tell me that they felt the Lord lead them to come to me and pray for me and our business ... he prayed and it was just an amazing feeling ! He said he couldn't leave until he did that ... and boy ... what a blessing and an encouragement !! 
tomorrow is my first day at L-R ... well ... here goes nothing ... hoping I can do the traditional school thing ! I have done online so much I don't know how to take the classroom setting ! Looking forward to meeting a lot of new friends though .. at least I hope lol ! 
First day went great ... except that I have 39 poems to read and understand by the 31st ... and the homework list ahead and the projects are daunting !!! 
ok facebook is now totally private and unwanted snoopers blocked ... heaven help me stay calm and let it go ........ enough said ...... 
Its first day of school and we already missed the bus lol but she said 15 after and I was there ! I guess some kids didn't ride and she was ahead of time ... now to take them and get myself to school ! Busy lunch today too ! 
exhausted and bed is not coming anytime soon .... :( 
well i get home and there are like 15 emails from professors and such and I can type my homework but I cannot print it because we are out of ink ... so out to walmart at like 11 I go . I am spazzing out about school right now ... it's like a big monster about ready to eat me !!!! 
I'd love to go to Italy someday but Dubrovnik , Croatia and Slovenia sure are beautiful and lacks one thing ... major tourism ... thats the best part ! 
slow .... day ... time to read a little W.S. Merwin .... well ok .. a lot of Merwin ... 
finally get to take my boy to see the Phillies play !!!!!! Can't wait !!!! It will be our first MLB game ever !!! :) 
school is going to murder me ... Wolosky ... Merwin .. book after book , chapter after chapter ... article after article !!! Even math I have to read !!! I do not know what I was thinking WOW is all I can say ... very , very , difficult semester .... 
well interesting but I got asked if I gave up a daughter 23 years ago ... slightly offended until I realized my profile is very private now and there is no photo posted of me so how would they have known ... right ? 
Hours of reading .... hours of work ... I'm exhausted ... overwhelmed ... not handling this change well ... long classes and trying so hard to focus ... just not happening as well as I'd like . In Religion I did however learn that you never turn your back on a bull and never enter a cow pasture without a pitch fork !! :) 
today was such a busy day and half my work isn't even done ....... exhausted .... I need a room filled with silence .... so my head can quit spinning ... and my heart can slow down ... and so my mind could just be at rest ... for just a moment ... 
off to work and running behind ... but it's labor day weekend and everyone is outta town so I am expecting a long , slow ... day ... yuck ! 
Just got home from Asheville ... first time there ... and by far the most interesting evening < PROPFIRST > and I have ever had . Took a guy there so he did not have to pay over $100 for a shuttle , ended up asking us to < PROPFEMALE > out , bought us dinner and we had a great time . Turns out he is an editor , and a former editor of the Washington Post and lives in Washington D.C. Felt we'd known him forever lol . 
ha .. < PROPFIRST > told me that the guy we took to Asheville made a comment that I should not be so trusting and he should really look out for me ... because not everyone will turn out to be nice ... he clearly had no clue the amount of weaponry that surrounded him in my truck ... I and < PROPFIRST > both armed and had him plant \things\ " in my truck before trip took place ... this girl aint stupid !!! HA ! " 
I'm crazy what can I say ... note to self ... Never stretch yourself this thin again ... makes me want to take up smoking ... I know .. I know ... trust me I won't ... just an urge ... just can't seem to get into this new school schedule and atmosphere ... the most challenged I have been in forever and makes me want to say .. forggett aboout it !!!! 
who doesn't love the company of free-spirited highly intelligent people ?? Our trip was the most interesting I have ever had ... still intrigued by it ... a writer/editor who is pretty successful .. in my vehicle and wanted to keep our company for awhile rather than just drop him off . I love meeting new people . I needed a night out of the ordinary ... very refreshing . Silly but one has to wonder if it was a < PROPMALE > encounter ? 
enjoying a day off .. going to have breakfast this morning with Chris .. something we never get to do ... then it's a crash cleaning day ... hoping to surprise mom and dad at least a lil ... hopefully lol . Now lets go get some livermush , eggs , grits , and biscuits ! 
walmart ... lots of laundry to do ... need lots of detergent !!! 
i just don't get it ... why is it so much to ask for genuine compassion ?? Do people really care about other people anymore ?? Or does everyone pretend ?? 
exhausted .... brain dead .... thats all i can muster .... 
finally ... went to school and felt in sync with it all ... got a lil organized and whala ... much better .... still so much to do ... read ... write ... plan .... no rest for me lol ! 
So if I said I were getting married ... would you believe me ??? Yes or No ? 
wow a new way to spread viruses ... by trying to chat with you under a friends name ... asking about ring tones ... don't chat .... get offline with chat ! And def don't click the link ! 
i reckon i caused enough trouble for one night .... time for bed ..... 
so much to do ... and really wanted to go hear < PROPFIRST > Fenstein talk tonight ... but must work :) 
waiting on < PROPFIRST > to come by so we can watch Letters to God ... been waiting to see it cuz everybody has been talking about it ! Also been reading a great book lately ... thank you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
ok so weird happenings ... I went to log in to something on my computer that is only 4 or 5 months old ... and an ex bf's email pops up for username . I sure as heck havn't looked him up so how did his log in info get on my computer ??? Creepy !!! 
I remember ... I . was on my way to Mohecan to meet my mamaw ... to buy some lace my wedding gown ... I was just pulling in when news broke of the first plane and as the radio announcer was telling he went into panic as he watched another plane hit while he was announcing first one ... never forget his voice . Went on to watch the rest with my father-in-law who had a broken leg at the time ... never forget 
what to cook ... what to cook ... I'm thinking Pork and Saurkraut it's been awhile .... 
cooking and getting ready for church :) 
learning not to put too much faith in people ... they just let you down ... God is the only one who will NEVER let me down ... I have a tendency to believe in people a lil too much ! 
lots of homerwork today and it takes place on blogger.com ... not only is it there ... it's public lol ... I do love english .. even though it challenges me to the core .... 
homework done ... on time ... got a lil rest today ... was nice .... 
school ... dentist ... jury duty ... Lions Club catering tonight ... surely the chaos = < PROPFEMALE > going into labor ... at least I hope :) Ready to see my second new nephew !! 
today ... one of those heart , attitude and faith challenging days ... 
waiting to hear from Lisa .... wish lil < PROPFIRST > would hurry and get here !!! Time to go to the post office and pick up my mail addressed to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > lol I love it ... that is the way it should be ... Why do i have to give my name up ?? LOL 
In one of those insanely bored moods ... doesn't happen often but when it does ... things happen like midnight basketball ... writing crazy stuff .... telling people you may be getting married when you are not lol ..... I actually have a lil something I am working on ... we will see what happens ... 
Having to write a paper on faith and religion ... basically just sharing my views for the instructor ... a good assignment !! 
solitude ........................... 
500 word paper on a story in Math class of all places , paper on my faith and such , a response paper to the syntax and metaphors used in one of Wyatts poems ... all before the morning !!! Yikes and I am so ... so ... tired ! 
it seems lately I am always needing a miracle ... and I am unworthy to receive anything but God has always come through just in time ... My Redeemer Is Faithful and True ... Everything He has Said He Will Do ... Every Morning His Mercies are New ..... My Redeemer Is Faithful and True !!! 
can already tell the 3rd grade is going to be rough ... my son who is great at math is getting really frustrated and so am I with this \new\ " math program . He says she rushes through it so fast he can't keep up ..... if I had time I would seriously homeschool ... I have wanted to for years but just can't do it yet .... " 
missed my 8am class got to hurry and get to school for next class ! Our bus driver apparently decided to start coming 10 minutes earlier and didn't let us know ! I am praying for some < PROPFEMALE > because as stated before this school year is off to a rough start ! 
PRAY PLEASE !!! I have a cousin who my mom and I baby-sat from birth until 4 years old ... was just diagnosed with full blown Luekemia !!! Her aunt has been battling cancer for awhile now as well ! She is so young !!! We love her very much and their family need your prayers ... she is at Brenners Children Hospital now ! 
found out my cousin has the exact same kind of luekemia as her aunt which is strange ... they are going to do some testing and studies on them both because they have yet to prove it can be hereditary ... Please continue to keep them in your prayers !! 
Please keep < PROPFEMALE > in your prayers she just started the 8th grade at Jacobs Fork and hasn't even been sick ... she fell and went to the doctor and they found out her spleen was swollen ... did test and next thing you know .. normal life to starting chemo today ... she is so sweet and we love her very much so please pray ! 
so sick of allergies !!! Going to see baby then to work and to do homework and work at the same time ... a multi-task day .... 
Why does God ask us to Love those who absolutely hate us ... I have been doing all the good I can to do minus one comment I should not have made ... and rather than get better things just get worse ... this is one time I just can't see God's purpose ... I've been praying for almost two years now ... why does it get worse .. and boy is the devil attacking ... 
physically , mentally and spiritually exhausted .... in this matter in particular ... 
running a bit of fever ... I knew something was wrong when I couldn't even remember the date for the fall festival ... therefore jumbling my announcement ! Fever in me = forgetfulness and no concentration ... plz go away ... 
wish I had a more fuel efficient vehicle and a real income ... I would be road tripping for fall break .... so need to take a ride through my favorite places and maybe journey a lil further north ... I can't wait until I have me a place in Philly ... one day ... 
what a crazy busy day ..... 
nationwide backgorund check completed ... time to go to Jacobs Fork for teacher observations ... why must I go back to that place ??? One place I do NOT miss !! 
who do you see to figure out how to help your child learn what they are not learning ? The light bulb went off and I know he used to do it but is still doing it ... he knows enough to get by ... but is not actually learning . He is very pattern oriented too . Been this way since he was four when I first noticed it at tabernacle . He can do math but can't tell you how he did it ... 
up early to go work the auction with < PROPFEMALE > ! Havn't done a real job in awhile ... lol it will be a chancge of pace and it comes with pay woohoo !! 
school at 8 then back to the dentist ... I've warded off my ritual visits for the summer but no longer can ... lets pray its only a few more and I am done !!! I feel the dentist is my home away from home ... hehe okay maybe not . 
done at the dentist ... ughhh took 4 shots of numbing meds in 4 different places just to get two teeth numb !!! He start drilling and I started feeling !!! Not good !! LOL Time to rest .... 
1st lesson plan ... A How To ... lesson plan . My choice ? How to sell a pig in a poke .... hehehe gotta do something to lighten the mood when you spend much of your time with over achievers who try too hard to be perfect ... you just annoy us normal people and you are just mad because you are normal too ! Get used to it :))) 
going to have to find an after school sitter for a few days a week .... my kids are tired of being at work with me ! 
woke up to a swollen mouth and cheek ... hoping I don't have an infection . 
has decided the time has come ... it's been three years and I am surrounded by the same mess and I still have a storage building full of mess of a life forever gone ... it's not coming back ... I'm getting rid of it all ... It has to go ..... I'm tired of going to that building and crying .... today it will be done . 
amazing how one silly book in a pile of 200 or more can turn your heart and mind upside down ... and send you on an emotional roller coaster again . I really just wish I had left it there ... instead of filling my head with false hopes and realities ..... 
need my mouth to heal faster ... I have already lost weight I can't afford to lose ... no food means no energy . I need to have energy to watch those Phillies whoop up on the braves Sat !!!! 
is so procrastinating ...... I am stretched way too thin but quiting is not an option on either side of this ..... \organization\ " and \ " schedule\ " are possibly the key ... but could someone please explain to me what those foreign words in quotations mean ???? " 
work work work all day ... Atlanta by night .... watchin the Phillies tomorrow !!!!!!! I am so glad I get to take my son to his first game ever !! 
home very late from game ... very tired and my keys have went MIA ... last seen em when we were headed down . I am sitting here ready for church and I cannot get there !!!! AAARGGHHH 
well had no idea where keys were . Kept calling ad calling this morning and got no answer lol . So < PROPFIRST > finally comes by later and there are my keys that we both looked for twice ... right under our noses ... wow .... 
a test of faith and a will to surrender .... God help us with this because it is very difficult ... 
well we didn't stay with our cousin in Atlanta last night because they had all had the stomach bug ... and I wanted to avoid that at all cost ... well it is 1 am and I got my first gusher out of Luke ... wonderful thing to wake up to . Please pray it spares the rest of us ... I cannot afford to be sick with anything else ... literally !!! 
well three down and one to go ... me ... Lord please spare me this virus !!! If I calculate correctly it should happen to me at anytime .... first < PROPMALE > then this morning < PROPFIRST > , then by 2 < PROPFIRST > now it's my turn yuck ..... but I have faith !!! 
been up since 4 ... finally got me ... at like 6am i get a txt from < PROPFIRST > and it got him too ... just lovely :) Please go away !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Gill is in the hospital , they induced her last night little < PROPMALE > will be here soon !!! She wanted me to make a post since it was so late to call everyone !!! Keep her and her family in your prayers !!! 
feeling 100% better !!! It's amazing , yesterday I felt like someone was trying to pull my legs right off my body ... miserable and today ... I feel as if I were not sick at all ! PTL !!! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Gill was born at 4:36 pm he was 5lbs 11oz !!!! 
thank the Lord for second chances !!!! 
I have really been praying that God would show me anything else in my life that might hinder my walk with him but couldn't figure anything out ... then poetry class of all places God used my professor when he mentioned our priorities as Christians . Hit me like a ton of bricks ! Without even realizing it my priorities have went way out of wack ! 
** FALL FESTIVAL**GATEWAY BAPTIST CHURCH ~ ~ SATURDAY OCTOBER 23RD FROM 3:00 PM UNTIL DARK ~ ~ BRING THE FAMILY ~ ~ BRING A FRIEND ~ ~ JUST BRING THE WHOLE NEIGHBORHOOD !! ~ ~ FOR AN AFTERNOON OF FUN , GAMES , FOOD AND FELLOWSHIP !!! ~ ~ HOPE TO SEE YOU AT THE ** FALL FESTIVAL ** 
please keep an old friend of ours from our childhood church in your prayers . He has been in prison since he was 18 and he is a year older than I . His family , aside of his parents , have all but forgotten him while there . He gets out this January and its going to be a very difficult transition . Pray that God will change his life and help him start over now . It's sad to see someone you grew up with in this position . 
had the whole day to get much done ... yet I feel like I got nothing done ... sad :( 
\I am not just seeking a truce ; I want to pursue the truth behind our differences . \ " ( < PROPMALE > C . Booth ) " 
God is so good !!!! So grateful for his blessings !! 
praying that they figure something out about little Zahra ... and if there are those cruel enough to harm her ... my God bring justice !! 
Luke : man mom , I didn't know people lived to be so old back in the Bible days ! Me : yeah I think they lived a long time before the flood . Luke : Man so that means Yoda would have been like 900 some back in the Bible days !!! LOL !! 
it's sad when you miss too much class to know what is going on ( one class that is ) and so you call your professor assuming you need to drop it . You explain you have missed a lot but the days you actually came , no one was in class !!! He then precedes to tell me ... Oh that is because we changed rooms ! I guess I shouldn't be missing and I would have know ... felt so stupid ! 
I am over this take home mid term !!!! Been at it and the other one for hours now !! I mean I basically have to throw together a unit to teach on in order to complete the questions for the exam ! Im just getting started I feel I am being asked to do something I havn't even been taught to do yet !!! Well it will be on How to Read Poetry ... I will take what I am learning now and put it to use !!! Genius !!! hehe 
3 Mid-terms down ... one to go ... 
mid terms were exhausting but now they are over . Halfway through this first semester nightmare ... hope my \land legs\ " as my professor called it get here soon lol !!! Ready for bed ... up at 4am to start a new venture .... praying the Lord blesses it ! " 
so tired and so bored ..... 
Gateway Family : Don't forget to bring < PROPFEMALE > for Fall Festival tomorrow !!!! If you want to help and havn't signed up let me know we still need people !!!! Can't wait !! Oh and we need more cakes !! 
please pray for mom ... dad is taking her to the emergency room now , she can't take the pain much more . Think its her gallbladder ... 
one normal English assignment and a make up peer review ... reading 5 classmates papers and providing feedback not once but three times .... sigh too much work ! 
it's very encouraging to get good reviews from your peers in a class you are struggling with ... maybe blogger.com isn't evil after all ... hmmm we will see . 
ok ... utterly exhausted ... I have to make myself get home and in the bed ! 
FALL FESTIVAL TOMORROW !!! ~ ~ dressing up is optional but not required ! It's up to you . We are still in need of < PROPFEMALE > and some food items ... let me know if anyone can help ! I believe the whole community has been invited so we are expecting a uge turn out ! We had 400 or so last year ! This is a time we get to be a voice for Christ in our community and we hope everyone young and old participates !! So excited ! 
read ... read ... read .... research ... research ... research ... write ... write ... write .... revise ... revise ... revise .... what was I thinking ?? English < PROPMALE > humphhh !!! 
I bought a deep freezor for the restaurant when we were trying to sell Ice cream in July ... It is for sale if anyone is interested ! 
can't believe Mamaw < PROPFEMALE > is gone ... she was not only my mamaw but my friend ... I loved her very much . If only I had slowed down a bit to spend more time with her ... life is too short and it's time to slow down . 
... a brand new angel in the choir , I'm going to hear her sing , there'll be a lot of friends a waiting , when I walk thru the gates ... I've got more to go to heaven for than I had yesterday .... 
almost caught up on homework ... almost ... feeling a bit of relief but not quite fully there ! 
why does my big mouth not know when to shut up ??? 
why oh why did I take 19 credit hours ??? Spent yesterday evening from 4:30 until 11:30 on homework ... and now to do it again ... then get up at 4 ! Agghh when will I ever get to sleep again ??? 
going to the doctor this am worried what they will say ... I have always led a busy life this is not new for me and any who have always known me know this ... but lately my functioning capabilities have failed me ... hopefully it's nothing . 
absolute over exhaustion and too much stress ... suggested meds but I passed on that and otherwise said I needed to develop a strict schedule for me and my children that allowed for way more sleep and the time to get all else done .... Basically saying SLOW DOWN before I just kill over ... well wasn't that dramatic but she was serious :) Age is catching up with me :( 
time for the dreaded movie of more things from Uptown ... a sad day :( 
theorem ... oggs ... ax 1 or 2 .... what in the world am I supposed to be learning ?? 
Ran into my high school English teacher the one who instilled a love for English in me tonight ... made my day and he came to eat dinner ! Okay time to make myself go to sleep ... Doctors orders ... ughh my normal bedtime is 2am ... slowing down is not in my vocabulary !! 
Philly is calling my name ... maybe a road trip before Spring semester starts ?? I'm dreaming of one anyway ... a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me ! 
Uptown is now officially closed ... :( was fun while it lasted and thanks to those who supported us and prayed for us ! 
Everyone please keep my family in your prayers ... all sides and there are a lot of us ! We just lost our grandma and to some ... mother and great grandmother . Now a fire that destroyed my uncles source of income . We all seem to be having some hard times so when you pray tonight please lift ALL my family up in your prayers . Please 
Mellow Mushroom ?? Too loud ... bad service ... menu is terrible ... salad without any cheese ?? $3.75 ... add $ . 65 for cheese ? They nickel & dime you to death ... you wait an hour or more for food and their pizza ?? I'd rather spend my money at Pizza Hut ... sorry nothing great enough to bring me back ... a total waste of money ! Cold leftovers even taste horrible !! 
blogger.com just does not like me ... I get comments deleted , things don't post properly and the wrong date and time often post for me as well arrgghhh 
pigs in a blanket at midnight ... yummm now lets see if blogger.com will be nice to me !! Oh and got to rock my nephew < PROPFIRST > to sleep tonight when I went to pick my kids up from their aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s!! :) 
and yet another happening in the family ... please pray for my mamaw fielding , got a call about an hour or so ago and she fell and got hurt , had to be taken by ambulance ... don't know the details yet bout to head to the hospital . 
They think mamaw had a seizure , and is bleeding on her brain so they are sending her to < PROPFEMALE > now for surgery . Please keep her in your prayers ... 
they have put mamaw in ICU to monitor her ... not supposed to be life threatening but still scary ! Thanks for the prayers ! 
so I was at Barnes and < PROPMALE > and when I grabbed a book he struck up conversation ... helps me pick the right book ... turns out he is < PROPFIRST > Rice ... I thought that was pretty cool :) 
cyber stalking is a crime ... just saying ... 
registration complete !! Can't wait for a break !!! 
so much research ... so much writing ... all in a days work I guess ! 
I need a Friday night baby-sitter ... anyone interested ? My poor kids are tired of going to work with me lol ! 
Thank goodness I got blogger mess straightened out !! Just needed to use a different computer , mine is being difficult . 
time to pray and save for that short trip away fom all the insanity after Christmas ... my Ford F-150 kinda rules out my love for roadtripping maybe I'll suffer greyhound again .. nothing can be worse than taking greyhound to Ft . Worth Texas ! Or amtrack ... to NYC for New Years or Boston ... I'm dreaming big thats what us poor girls have to do lol !! If the Lord allows .. we will c ! 
no kids ... me ... a movie ... and some chocolate chip monster cookies < PROPFIRST > made ... oh and can't forget the Dew ... heaven .... for a moment anyway 
if you have messaged me in the last month or so and I did not message you back its because I never saw I had a message ... unfortunately someone was either directly logging in my fb or hacking it and so I never saw I had them and a lot other things I missed . Hopefully this problem is now fixed ! 
Is it December 10th yet ??? The most anticipated 12 hour ride of the year ... can't wait !!! 
been sitting here all evening waiting for someone to come fix the internet ... cleaned house and everything ... waited and waited ... no show ... just called to see why because they asked when I'd be available ... well they came at 10am this morning !!! Just great argghhh ruined my night completely . 
\I have a sharp tongue ... so I'm always saying sorry ... \ " heard on some western tonight ... was me to a tee . " 
end of the semester and Disney in 22 more days !!!!!! Finaly some fun time with my kids :) 
got kids off to school and laid back down .... just now woke up ... I can't believe I slept that long !!! Has been a long time since I have even come close to being able to sleep so long ! 
\the Amish are actually are closer to the Samurai ( who didn't like the way holding a gun made them look ) than any road warrior you're likely to see looming in your rear view mirror . They have figured out that a man looks less stupid holding the reins of a buggy than he does gripping a cell phone in the cockpit of an SUV ! \"- Garret Keizer " 
Ready for dinner at the Parkers tomorrow .... just like old times ... just with a new crowd ! :) Geez we are getting old ... Parkers you all remind me too well of my age :( ( I know ... I know .. I always say that lol ) 
please keep praying for my mamaw she apparently is fighting mad today ! Just hope she calms down so they can get her better and then home ! 
running behind as usual ... where does the late madness stop ??? I though I'd get better with age but nope it gets worse ... better late than never right ?? 
Had SO much fun ... ate too much then we sang some good old hymns , acted silly in the process and laughed our butts off !!!! Havn't laughed so much in forever ... truly a great feeling is genuine laughter ... thanks everyone for a fun night and good food !!! Things seem to be looking up in the whole realm of it all ... God's been good . 
Church this a.m. and getting to see an old friend :) then dropping kids off with their dad , off to the Southern Christmas show ( courtesy of < PROPFEMALE > ) and to see my mamaw now that I am no longer sick . Busy day but looking forward to it ! 
Southern Christmas show was nice ... I am just hate shopping with or without money so ... but ( my fav part ) I LOVED my < PROPFEMALE > strudel from the Austrian Food Vender ... HEAVEN !!! Wishing things like going to see the Siberian Orchestra , Mannheim Steamroller or the Moscow Ballet do the Nutcraker wasn't so darn expensive anyway thinking of Christmas ... 
still cannot find my phone argghhh !!!!! Only upside is the peacefulness without it ! 
so I am at work a while ago and talking to a few of our regulars ... they were asking me why I chose English ... what was I going to do with it .. the usual questions I get .. so I give him my spill for my future and he says ... \I knew you were a tree hugger in there somewhere ... I knew it lol\ " ! I said well I guess I am a bit of a closet tree hugger ... maybe . " 
Ok ... now I am to the point of anger over this lost phone ... I cannot function any longer without it !!! Got to have my phone with < PROPFIRST > leaving for Florida and me having to drive him to the airport at 5am and I can't operate a business withou him and the phone arrgghhhh I am so going to scream like a girl ... if I don't find my phone !! 
when you spend 50 to 60 hours a week or more in a restaurant ... finding something quick to eat is just so nice sometimes ... rotisserie chicken from sams , < PROPMALE > n chz and mashed potatoes from KFC ... good enough for me and I don't have to cook or wash dishes !! 
and it's off to the airport ... then work to get breakfast shift started ... kids ready for school then school myself ... this day is starting way to busy ... way too early but I get to drive a fuel efficient car for the rest of the week and give old < PROPMALE > a lil break so YAY !!! 
hardly anytime to left to get ready and I can't just bum it today in jeans , shirt and a hat I have to look presentable ... seeing as I signed up to be a grade parent by accident ... but very glad I did ... I just stand out and am nothing like the perfect typical grade mom ... I envy those women who have it all together ... the leave it to beaver housewives ... you rock !! I just am not one of you . 
had a lot of fun at a Thanksgiving Feast with a bunch of lil pilgrims and Indians ... home early ... this calls for that unheard of pleasure called a nap ! Just a short one then back to homework .... I SO love having some evenings off ... I actually feel life slowly starting to flow again in my veins ... there for a bit I thought i was just physically , mentally and emotionally gone for good ... 
* PLEASE PRAY * Since October we have lost Mamaw < PROPFEMALE > suddenly , my Uncle < PROPFIRST > and Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s garage burned down , destroying his shop and her car , Mamaw Fielding is still in ICU , My Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s uncle passed away this last week and now his mother has had a heart attack . * it's getting scary .. you can't help but think who or what is next ?? Lord please have mercy ... it's the holidays .... it's all I ask . 
I think my dad could eat fried taters with peppers and onions everyday !! lol Thats whats for supper ... making him his taters n < PROPMALE > and chz ... not very exciting but def filling . Think I will just add sausage and eggs to my fried taters and have the mess ... hmmm 
just realized I got the skate night mixed up for Awana and it's all my kids have talked about and we missed it . I had it posted on the refrigerator and I guess for some reasonI assumed it would be Wednesday night ... not looking forward to sharing this news with them and seeing their hearts break ... ughh 
time to stuff that turkey I swore I was going to do last night ... procrastination ... my middle name !! Then to make banana pudding or as a good Baptist would say Naner Pudding , potato salad , sweet potato casserole , nacho cheese dip stuff and a cheeseball . Thank heavens for a BIG family ... what a feast we will have after everyone brings their stuff !!! I can't wait so thankful for family !! C-ya @Daves Diner @ 2 !!! 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life ..... when you grow up , they are still your friends . Cousins are there as childhood friends and when we are older as forever friends ... No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the world !! 
I so was going to sleep in ... it just didn't happen and I am happy ... I made orange sweet rolls at about 6:30 and sat in the recliner with my dew and rolls and watched inspector gadget and the pink panther LOL ! Then Regis and Kelly ... just doing nothing is a pleasure ... back to cooking soon ... 
at home ... doing ... nothing and being thankful to ba able to do just that ... soon going to watch a movie and curl up with the kids .... So thankful to have two of the most beautiful children in the world . 
Movie time with my babies .... 
just great ... sick to my stomach ... please Lord don't be the bug ... I have never gotten it twice in one year !! :( 
made it through the day ... went back and worked the supper shift ... feeling better but I come home to < PROPMALE > in the same excruciating pain I was in ... he just doesn't take it as well as me :( breaks your heart when your kids are crying in pain !! 
A friend came by work today with a momma cat and two kittens they are trying to give away ... anybody interested let me know ... I will put you in touch ... I despise cats but they are pretty ... 
tomorrow will be a super long day .. walmart at 4am ... running restaurant alone tomorrow all day ... the hurry to airport afterwards to get Chris ... then get back to doing homework . 
so many words ... so much I want to say ... I just simply don't have the energy left to do so ... love ? whatever if only people actually knew that it's not just a word ... 
Well lightning is attracted to me ... I make watches go dead ... now I blow up toasters ... went to make my son a toaster strudel ... pushed down the lever and zhhhzhhz I was shocked hard enough it went up through my arm and made my arm and shoulder hurt for quite awhile ... why me ???? 
going to bed early ... maybe ... 
sloppy joes , kids homework , sams , my homework , movie with kids ... happy :) 
I do not like google docs .... :/ well most technology for that matter ! 
I have managed to get in bed before midnight most nights this week ... I am proud of myself but it results in me jumping awake thinking I have overslept ... looking at the clock to see it's only 12:30 ... has happened two nights in a row lol ! I like looking and seeing I have plenty more time to sleep but could do without the sudden awakening ! 
nothing like sitting in a lawyers office and getting hit with a ton of bricks !!! and not by any fault of my own ... there are just people who don't understand the ways of the world ... but God is good and his grace sufficient and all is well ... minus the big knot on my forehead :-P 
church ... :) 
education presentation this am .... :/ 
Change Your Facebook Profile Picture To A Cartoon From Your Childhood & Invite Your Friends To Do The Same . Until Monday December 6th , There Should Be No Human Faces On Facebook But An Invasion Of Memories ; 0 ) ... This Is A Campaign Against Violence on Children ? Stop Child Abuse !! ? 
had lots of fun with my Sunday School class tonight partying at the Parkers ... I managed to make it out before midnite and managed to get away with a decent gift lol ... sorry for those who got the giant fork or giant wisk or the gummy mouse ... the redneck toilet seats ... hemroid care kits and so on LOL !!! So much fun love my church family !!! Oh and thanks < PROPFEMALE > P for finally providing a scream ;) 
It's snowing ..... 
going to see Legend of the Guardians soon with the kids for a birthday party ... man I have been running around since 5am I just want to sit down ... :( 
beyond exhausted ... thank you Lord for a day of good business :) 
I was worried about passing one of my classes but thank the Lord for confirmation that I have brought my grade up to passing so I can breathe easier !! So incredibly happy for that !!! 
this week I will not be able to so much as get a breath from studying or writing ... and although stressed to the max ... I LOVE being an English < PROPMALE > and I love the challenge . It will be worth it all in the end ... looking forward to seeing the Florida state line ... ( which is weird seeing how I don't much care for Florida ) . Can't wait !! 
Prayer Request : Please pray for < PROPFIRST>'s mom ... she went to hospital with a kidney stone and they were going to take care of that in the am .. no big deal but now is in the ICU with fluid in her lungs and doctors are not sure why or what is going on . We are planning on going there for a vacation together so praying she gets better and doesn't have to spend it in the hospital ! 
I think I can ... I think I can ... I think I can ... get all of this crazy work finished ... I keep reminding myself ... each one finished is a step closer to the end of this semester !! agghh 
Rounds of Mt . Dew starting at about 12 am ... butter cookies ... I am all sugared up to pull this all nighter ... Lord just please don't let me crash ... let it be successful and still survive classes tomorrow ! 
I really am liking Lady Montague ... why did we not learn more about her instead of some of the others in class ?? 
It's too cold ... I'm too tired ... and I don't want to study or write another thing !!! Yet I have about 5 assignments to go because two are due while on vacation and I want them done now ! I'm going to turn into a brain-dead zombie or something ! 
aparrently my daughter is on a roll today ... she decides she is going to say something hurt like h-ll in the car ... I said young lady I ought to wash your mouth out with soap . Gave a motherly lecture ... we get home , she comes walking out into the living room with a bar of soap in mouth and says ... \like this mom ??? \ " What ??? What child would wash their own mouth out with soap willingly ? Weird child I have .. & ... GROSS !!! " 
I am so over sitting at our dining room table EVERYDAY until 5 or 5:30 working with my kids on ridiculous homework ... absolutely over it ... it absolutely doesn't do anything but stress us all out .. it's fussing and tears everyday ... I am tired of it they have been sitting there for 8 hours a day and then another two or more after . Ughh ! 
This day has so NOT turned out as planned ... looks as if I will have to take a little bit of homework with me afterall but will be finished up tomorrow night . I am not even packed yet but I am ready to hit the road !!! 
Finally made it !!! Time to enjoy .... 
warm Florida weather ... where are you ???? 
Why has my fb < PROPFEMALE > changed ?? Anyway ... Universal in the a.m. then heading home ... been nice to be away although it was very cold the last two days ... got me another pair of the most comfy shoe in the world .. Converse .. a Phillies shirt ... and some more snowmen to add to my collection ... very thankful and very happy !! 
so I assume school is not going to be delayed ... time to get them up and ready :( 
passed both english classes and thats all I care about at the moment ... thank you Lord for just simply letting me survive this long horrible semester ... the next one will be much slower and much better ! 
wow I keep having this feeling that I am forgetting to do homework ! I can't relax I am still in homework mode ! But it's a great feeling to realize .. ahhh there is no homework ... can't wait to once again enjoy my Sundays ! 
I love how busy Saturdays are ... but tomorrow after church I am finally going to slip off into that much needed deep sleep I have been missing for months now :) 
back to work now 
can no longe hold eyes open .... zzzzz 
looks like there are some new viral videos ... don't open them ... or they will be hacking your info too ... there is one about a girl being busted and one about a girl killing herself . I keep seeing that my friends have posted to someone elses wall but I don't think they are actually doing it . I could be wrong but I will not take a < PROPMALE > ! 
time for church ... 
Sunday nap ... so good to see you again ... oh how I have missed you !!! 
insanely bored .... what is up with that ?? all I know is it brings trouble ... definitely have a project I want to work on but I think it is bigger than me ... not sure I can make it happen ... 
so someone tell me ... how do I get to Italy for a month in the summer while my kids are away ??? Looking for a way somehow thats educational of course ... I want to learn to make homemade pasta and such ... 
pressure makes diamonds ... 
there's no place like home ... there's no place like home ... there's no place like home ... 
I now have a plan for summer when my kids go on vacation ... Lord willing ... 
I must say ..... I do not care for Oprah but her magazine ... is alright ... there is actually more to read than there are ads and that is unusual and I found most articles interesting ... I found it at work and have been reading it here and there ... 
oh and aside of taste of home the best cook books ?? Gooseberry patch ... love those books and their recipes !!! 
okay after officially participating in what has to be the longest convo about livermush lol I am going back to browse these very special cookbooks ... new ideas are always a must !! 
razzleberry tea ... 
butter biscuits ... yummm 
up all night cleaning ... better than up all night doing school work !! Will be worth it to sit back and enjoy clean rooms and house tomorrow :) 
still going ... I am the energizer < PROPFEMALE > !! hehehe 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ... well the ground may not be covered but I see lil white flurries coming down on Christmas Day ... magical .... 
Well Mamaw I can't call you today and you won't be over for lunch ... so < PROPFEMALE > Christmas from us here on earth ... to you in heaven who is with Christ forever ... and tell Uncle < PROPFIRST > , Uncle < PROPFIRST > , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > all < PROPFEMALE > Christmas too ... we love you ... and miss you dearly ... wish you were here . 
so who is it that taught us being hated for telling the truth was better than the idea that some things are just better off not said ... ever ... ever ... what does that profit ??? 
The Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader is a great movie ... I think I change my favorite from the first to this one ... maaybe .. these movies also have some of the best music ! 
aahhh sleeping in made my day :) 
in bed early but thanks to my wonderful children ... am now wide awake ... why couldn't they just leave me sleeping where I was when that movie was over lol ? Sometimes I think they take care of me ! Well after seeing every kitchen nightmares that was ever made a year ago I guess my new fav can put me to sleep tonight ... Diners , Drive-Ins and dives or something like that ... youtube .. I love you 
Thankful to a professor who is prepared and gives you your assignments in advance ... but I must say ENG 370 ... one of my four English classes ... already has me dreading the beginning of another long semester ... hoping this one is smoother than the last .... 
day three of homeschooling Luke ... he's cooperating surprisingly well . 
blank ..... 
well tried the 8am class thing and hated it ! So trying the lunch time frame ... hopefully better but not sure seeing as my mornings start at 4am ... we will see 
Is going to look for a part time evening job today ... maybe it will help . 
want to sell your soul to < PROPFEMALE > and become a flight attendant ??? Monthly training pay ... $1746.00 .... 
craigslist ad that made me laugh my butt off .... \We offer to picket LEGALLY any place of business where someone owes you money for 20% of monies recovered for as long as it is legal to picket . We do require a minimum 250.00 dollar deposit for expenses . All services offered are only for LEGAL services . The client has to owe you a minmum of 5k for us to go out . Thanks . \ " ... seriously ?? LOL " 
baby-sitting my nephew !!! 
< PROPFIRST > says to me Wednesday ... \mom i ripped my sweater and I need you to get your \ " sewing iron\ " out and fix it\ " Sewing iron ? I just laughed ... then throwing the football with Luke ... well thats always fun and it baseball season is on the way ... got to start working with him . Says he will be famous one day ! " 
< PROPMALE > has been so good and sweet !!! Nice to be able to watch him for Lynda ... she only put in overtime with my two kids over the last 8 years lol !! Well and < PROPFIRST > you too !! I have a lot of baby-sitting payback to do lol !! I also am reminded that my two are more than enough for me ! No future baby fever here i will just spoil my nephews and friends babies ! 
wow the wind is blowing mad crazy and some dummy is shooting his guns behind our house ... can that possibly be safe !! I mean it sounds like a tornado coming through here ... I wonder where those bullets are going ??? 
wow when u take a personality quiz and it puts your < PROPMALE > at the bottom of the list and the 4 you would never even consider at the top ... what does that mean ??? I say a really bad personality test and I am sticking with that !! 
so we had breakfast for supper and < PROPMALE > picks up his bacon and says , \hey mom you know how bacon normally stands straight up in your hand ? Well something is wrong with this bacon\ " lol it was limp but it was from the bottom of the plate and sat in the grease drippings we just laughed ! Needless to say I had to cook it longer . We like our bacon crispy ! " 
Startown Baptist re-did their Christmas play today , based on the Christmas Shoes song ... and it was awesome ... but I didn't know I needed to bring a whole box of tissues !!! Excellent job ! Home for my last Sunday Nap before a new semester begins ... but 1st ... a must ... mint chocolate chip ice cream and a movie of some sort ... it has been such a wonderful day :) 
wow so I am on my way to the big 28 ... not happy about this but have decided to get happy about it and implement 28 days of change in my life ... it's time to get somewhere ... the dark ages are going to come to an end ... I found myself sometime ago just kept her hid away sulking in the darkness ... time for a do over ... and create a new life ... I am excited ! 
so r we really going to get snow ?? It hasn't arrived yet ... I think its going to skip us :( 
I took another dumb career/personality test and it still put me in psychology , social work , education and then physician ... aarrgghh these things are messed up none of those fit me at all ... right ?? 
well it was not snowing like 30 minutes ago , before showering and now the ground is already covered ... wow ... hoping we can make it to the store safe and get open for a bit this am !! Pray for us and some good business even with the snow !!! Need Breakfast in Mt . View ?? COme See Us !!! 
Okay so after traveling to Walmart at 5am ... and trying to make it back ... I don't think anyone should go out much and I am not getting stranded at work and then having to walk home ... sigh so I guess no business today afterall . In my years of driving I have never seen I-40 that bad ... getting better as people get out but 321 by river road where we live is even worse ! Praying for safe travel for those who have to go out ! 
I am so bored so I keep doing these personality and career assesment tests ... hopin for better results ... if another one tells me I should be in psychology ... I'm going to go psycho lol ... I am an English < PROPMALE > ! I dislike psychology , sociology , medicine , biology .... these things are messing with my head lol .... i just need to actually go to bed ... cabin fever ... already 
so is it finished yet ?? Is this it ?? 
Well while snowed in I learned that I have quite an extensive library when you add what I have accumulated here combined with the ton I have in storage ... I think I officially have my own library :) Time for a walk in the woods ... havn't been in these woods in many years ! 
catawba county has already cancelled school for tomorrow ... just in case anyone hasn't heard ! 
Had a lot of fun sledding ... I think this is one of the few times I have gotten to sled that I was not 8 or 9 months pregnant !!! Now that is interesting being pregnant and sledding in Maiden with another person !! That was just plain stupid but fun ! Enjoying having my kids snowed in with me this time instead of with their father :) 
anyone out to know if roads r worse this morning ? I have one who says they r pure ice ... 
so I was going through boxes from our former business throwing things away making sure I am not missing anything for taxes and I find a bottle of that stuff you clean electronics with ... we had never used it but I am in a small closed up room and I spray it ( inner child ) ... well that was two hours ago and I still can't get the taste of the bittering agent I was unaware of out of my mouth :( 
well apparently I missed some books for school so it's back to the bookstore .... 
made our own version of hot pockets ... a cheeseball and < PROPFIRST > had her naked shrimp shes been begging for awhile now lol ... loving the extra time with my kids ... even when my son decides to randomly sing opera and < PROPFIRST > feels the need to yell ... they must be the loudest kids ever !!! But I wouldn't trade them for the world :) 
Hard lesson number one : ... don't want to be a quitter ?? Don't share your hopes and dreams with anyone ... tell God about them ( and of course you need to see that they line up with what God wants for your life ) or write them down ... if you share them with others ... you will be stomping on them and spitting on them before the day is over . 
Catawba County out again on Thursday !!! Are you kidding me :( 
pray request : we really love our new place and it has a lot of potential but it has come with such a mess that we just don't know we will be able to fix it . We have grown business in what little time we have been there but with two holidays robbing us of what little profit we would have made and now the snow ... I am considering throwing in the towel . I just don't want to make the wrong choice :( pray for us please . 
Hard Lesson #2 : Learn to be organized at a young age or when you decide to start your own business and it's tax time ... you will really hate yourself ! I should have < PROPFIRST > draw a cartoon of me and my mountain of invoices and receipts and maybe ... just maybe later I will laugh about this ... but right now I will be drowning in my mess of business ... need me ? Throw out a life preserver ... PLEASE ;-P 
no school again ... sigh ... my daughter misses her school too much please let her go back :P 
I am not sure why I insist on laying on my left side ... propped up on my left elbow ... after awhile I try to move and it's followed by excruciating pain ... I always forget and do it again ... one day I am going to have to let some crazy doctor put those bones in the right place ... but not yet ... it's still tolerable over someone cracking my bones !! 
decision day .... 
God answered two prayers for me today and the reactions I often get from people when I share how awesome he has been .... is a \well ... \ " or \ " ah ... \ " like they are saying \ " Oh well ... you just told me something really cool God did but who really cares ?? \ " Well he knows ... that I know ... I am His and I am so very grateful ... I don't near deserve all he has done for me this last several years ... I have truly been blessed !! " 
Had a really nice night away ... even got all dressed up for a change ... time for bed ... cook has the day off so I actually must work at 5am rather than just show my face .... need breakfast ?? I will be cooking it up ! 
finally ... a part time job .. thank you Lord !!! Start tomorrow ... wow it will be wierd but totally awesome to work for someone else ... and I will actually make something they call ... money !!! LOL I am so excited it isnt even funny ... weird or not ! 
I have been wanting to get in a workout routine for all around good health but pilates ... yoga ... and such are too girly for me ... I think I am going < PROPMALE > style !! ... I have only five days left to complete my plan and begin my 28 days of change ... wish I had a < PROPMALE > montage partner lol 
me and my big mouth ... trying to be nice and ecouraging ... got me in trouble !!! So I must go and do as i said I would do ... at least theres no worry of having to stay committed lol ... only four parts and I won't fit any ... but I will be a good friend and morally supportive ... and have fun being stupid in the process :) 
tonight was a challenge for me and the closest I will ever get to dancing in front of other people or .. dancing at all lol ... oh the things you must do ... I love theater even though I dont participate in it as much as I'd like :) 
another beautiful morning .... lots to do and I am ready to do it ! 
7.0 Cubic ft Holiday chest freezor for sale ... will post a pic later . Bought it in August ... used it for only 3 months for ice cream only . Paid $189.00 for it ... interested email me ... I'd like to sell it asap :) 
:) tax time well Im going to try and accomplish this task ... having faith it won't leave me crying ! 
So < PROPMALE > had a crossword puzzle to do in his work today ... something to do on his own ... well there was not enough boxes for a word he thought was supposed to fit so he adds a square lol ! My kids always make me laugh ... I love them so much !! 
never talk about a character in front of your children as if you actually were that character they don't understand . what happens is you look across the table and see your daughter with her mouth gaping staring at you in shock !!! So when my daughter tells you I got drunk trying to keep up with some physicists ... it's from a play called \Proof\ " It did NOT actually happen !! LOL ! She is bound to say something for sure ... " 
WOW my kids literally had a meltdown over homework today after I went back to school ... it was ridiculous !!! 
taxes ... and monologue .... taxes ... and reading a gazillion pages ... taxes ... monologue ... I will be bright eyed and bushy tailed when I go in at 5am to wash dishes ... and even more so by the time classes start ... it's going to be a great day either way :) 
should have been at work an hour ago ... 
Thank you for all my very early morning Birthday wishes !!!! :) 
Dropped kids off with brother yesterday after school , was forced to joing < PROPFIRST > in eating Chinese which contains a lot of MSG which my body hates ... therefore when i came home I slept from 5 in the afternoon until the next morning ... I hate Chinese but I was hungry and I ate ... so much for an evening off i was in a coma lol ! 
thank you again everyone !!! :) 
WOW ... I am so overwhelmed and grateful for all my birthday wishes ... you all made my day and I love you alll very much ... seriously ... thank you from the bottom of my heart :) <3 
heading our shortly to see the Glass Menagerie ... I apparently took the very last ticket and there was only one left ... so I must sadly ... go alone ... okay .. that actually doesn't make me sad ... I love alone time :) 
is stoked that hulu has finally posted more kitchen Nightmares ... finally !!! 
So much bad news today ... another school friend died this weekend and many in our church family are being hospitalized or are going through something today ... please keep them in your prayers and also my cousin < PROPFEMALE > who is also being taken to Baptist experiencing a lot of pain ... she has luekemia . 
birthday dinner ... and all the siblings under one roof ... craziness ... love my mamma's chicken pie though :) Then back to the grind of the homework I have been neglecting to immerse myself in :/ 
The recent deaths of former classmates is very sad ... it also brought to mind a reunion which should be coming up if it actually gets put together ... but so many people will be missing ... and it seems like yesterday we graduated .... does any of my < PROPFIRST > T . Foard classmates have any reunion info or plans of having one at all ? 
so tired of looking through the papers and online for a car withing my lil < PROPFEMALE > budget ... Lord please show me one soon .... my eyes are too tired to look anymore ! 
For the first time I am writing about something besides my past ... it may stink as for writing in the end but it's a total personal accomplishment and marks the beginning of my new chapter in life ... a life where the past is buried forever ... only today to think about ! One more week also until I have my own vehicle again ... praise the Lord ... sharing is not for me .. I am too selfish and I need a break lol !! 
it is WAY too early to be pulling all nighters ... but the my recent sickness thanks to MSG left me lathargic ... now I must wake up and catch up and somehow capture some energy from somewhere !! 
Did I seriously hear thunder this am ??? So tired going to be a very long day :( 
need a good laugh ?? Just watch the first few episodes of American Idol !!! HAHAHAHA oh my I am rolling in the floor !!!! 
I am going to be exhausted by the time this weekend is over ... working the whole weekend between my place and boxcar all day ( SO thankful for that job !! ) Still haven't found a decent car yet ... desperately need to by Tuesday , going to check one more place still praying ! I WILL SURVIVE !! :) 
okay I think I will be sick from now until Tuesday .. I love to write things but not for everyone to read always ... my play has to be read aloud in class ... that isn't great to begin with and then critiqued by class members ... I think I will need a brown paper bag hat for this day ... it's humiliating and the thought makes me want to puke ... maybe I should reconsider my future .... no more writing ... arrghh 
Minus a short break for a baby shower I have been waiting tables from 6am to 10 pm ... my legs are like jello ... time for some rest and at least the day tomorrow doesn't start at 4am ! Regardless I am happy to be so tired and have a little bit of money :) 
Chris : your new name is Darth Tracy ... this would explain why the Imperial death march is always in your head , you are Sith because you think in absolutes and it also explains your anger issues ! (only directed at Chris .. I am NOt an angry person humph ! ) this was his response to an argument tonight :) 
Most devastating result of my divorce : my children were young and although the marriage ended there were so .. so .. many wonderful memories ... that they will never remember ... to them ... it never was . 7 years ago I was in labor with our beautiful baby girl < PROPFIRST > Lei < PROPMALE > . She would be born at 7:11 the next morning ... to a mom and dad and lil brother who love her very much ... bitter-sweet memories but mostly .. just sweet :) 
Happy Birthday Adrian !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <<<<<3333333 
going to get my car today ... I feel 16 again with that excitement of having your own car and it doesnt even matter what it looks like because its yours ... It's amazing the ways God will humble you and make you appreciate the little things ... kind of like I used to before I got too big for my life britches ;) 
amazing how a good day can turn sour quicly ... :( its all good though 
Was able to pay two debts off today and get a car ... truly blessed and it's only a small dent in my mess but it is a dent !! Woohooo ! Had a great time with my baby girl tonight , just me and her :) 
It has been a long day but semi-productive . Homework now done , shopping is done for the night , time to attempt to sleep although I wish I had the energy to stay up all night and get more done ! 
my kids go to bed with pillow pets ... I go to bed with my laptop ... 
very very busy day today on the search for a new table and some dishes ... and then of course school is somewhere in the middle of this mad rush :) Also chalkboard paint . 
well another very busy , very productive day ... hoping that by the end of this week I can look back and feel I accomplished something ... but It is time to buckle down on the school work , I have just sort of let that fall by the wayside due to my recent employment at boxcar wich has zapped what little bit of energy I had left to think with ! Hoping to have Diner name change by the weekend !!! 
We LOVED our music .... and our movies ... we were poor and that was our entertainment ... listening to music and watching movies every Wednesday and Thursday night ... 
in case you are thinking .. \what is this crazy girl up too ? \ " Just go to my profile and scroll down to my note and you will understand ... maybe or you may still say I am crazy but so be it . " 
I sing like crazy when no one is around ... I love to sing ... I was learning the guitar a few years back and was actually getting alright at it .. I think I need to string up one of the two in my closet and start picking at it again .... well I will have my wonderful ... so talented it makes you sick brother put strings on it and tune it because I sure don't know how lol ! 
Today has not been as bad as I thought it would be ... but the one job I have yet to tackle that I have been saying I would is a big 10x12 monster ... I need to round up people to help me so it goes fast ... ughh I dread that giant scary memory box that has been collecting dust for three years but at this point .. I am ready :) 
an hour and a half and the pics come down .... 
schools on a three hour delay folks ... shut that alarm off and crawl back into bed this morning ... well those of you who have that luxury ;-p 
prayers needed in an immediate situation please ... I know God is still in control ! 
3 hour delay totally messes up my college classes ! 
Boxcar in awhile ... it's so wonderful working for someone else ! Hope we will be busy ! 
nothing like driving by and seeing someone else ... turning your failure into success ... great for the self-esteem ..... 
Loves having Wi-fi at the DIner !!! Now I can do homework here ! 
gotta love revision but when will I have time ??? Worked all day yesterday , all day today , and all day tomorrow .... these 17 to 18 hour workdays are tiring but at least paying the bills ... very much thankfully exhausted ! 
wow so being on your feet serving people from 6am to 9pm today was more than my poor body could handle ... I will get used to it again .. I have been spoiled ! Going to bed early for once ... going to watch the Neverending story with my babies first !! 
< PROPMALE > cleaning this evening .. more revision and homework to do ... going to pack up any and everything we don't need and praying that God will allow us to find our own place by the end of the summer at least ... I am going to pray really hard ... another step in moving forward will be getting on our on ... I feel it is absolutley neccessary at this point ... so if you hear of any places reasonable please let me know ! 
It is so sad how people so flippantly use those three words I Love You ... do you even have the slightest idea what it means ??? Yet their actions say I really disregard you as a respectful human being let alone as someone I could actually show sincere kindness too ... and they wonder why I will NEVER date or marry again ... EVER !!!!!! What don't certain people get ?? 
The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows . It is a very mean and nasty place It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it . You , me or nobody is going to hit as hard as life . But it ain't about how hard you hit , it is about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward , how much can you take and keep moving forward . That's how winning is done ! -- < PROPMALE > Balboa\ 
( Thanks < PROPMALE >!) 
when < PROPFEMALE > gets here to get < PROPFIRST > it is to the store for me ... save me a 4am trip and i need some junk to keep me up all night ... between homework and re-working menus and plans for the spring there is absolutely no time for sleeping tonight !! 
well just perfect I figure when I go to actually edit my play I would just open it and erase and add what I need from my second draft on paper ... well I saved in in Office so i cannot edit it because I do not have office and will have to re-type the whole 10 pages again !! Argghhhh !!!! 
If I could go with that little sleep and feel this good everyday ... life would be so much easier ! 
time to darken the hair I am getting blinded by my many streaks of silver ... 
MY LAPTOP DIED !!! :(( My whole life is on there and it is not even a year old !! It will power on but the monitor will not turn on ... yikes help !!! I have my play to finish my menus to finish all my writing , 10 years worth of stuff , photos I am going to cry:'( 
computer magically began working again ... we will see .. 
Please pray for the Doctors working with my cousin Kayla ... she was diagnosed with leukemia awhile back . She has really been sick today and the doctors are trying to figure out what is going on . She didn't know where she was and her hands were turning in ... they ruled out a stroke thank the Lord but they still don't know whats going on . Please pray they get her better she is so young and we love her too much ! 
I thought English could be difficult ?? Well Global politics or the theory thereof has me totally lost ... I have yet to understand one thing that guy is talking about ... it's straight outlines of key terms and nothing else like some examples !! He asked us today if we were following I should have told him I have yet to figure out why I am here ! Paradigms ?? Still don't get that either .... 
Catawba COunty Schools on a two hour delay-call hasn't went out yet or hasn't got to me yet they just posted it 4 minutes ago on their site ! 
Home for a few then to Boxcar ... praying for a slammed night !! 
So a customer informs me last night ... I don't have much of an appetite I am just getting over type 1 influenza ... ( wouldn't that be H1N1 ?? I am like okay ... thanks for sharing ... I am not a germophobe but you can bet I scrubbed my hands after leaving that table everytime ... just cannot afford to be sick it would be devastating to my eductaion and finances so please spare us this go round Lord !!! 
The role of a writer is not to say what we all can say , but what we are unable to say . ~ Anas Nin\ 
\ 
Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia . ~ E.L. Doctorow 
So a murder here in Mt . View this A.M. way too close to home ... havn't looked it up yet but I believe was off of < PROPMALE > Dairy maybe on < PROPFEMALE > rd or lane ... shot twice then hacked into pieces ... thats what was told in the diner today ... very sad !!! Time for work at Boxcar and I hope there are a lot of hungry love bugs coming out tonight ... maybe their love will spread a lil into their tips lol !!! I can dream can't I ?? 
tired of being a burden .... 
My ideals on relational love are pretty harsh ... those types of feelings have disintegrated in my being ... but it's amazing how the simple , kind , behind the scenes acts of another can make you realize you do still have a heart thats beating . Maybe or maybe not for that particular person but it sparks something you thought you'd forgotten . 
Infobesity ... overconsumption of social media ... i.e. facebook 
today ... is going to be a good day ... 
no children tonight so I get to watch what I want on t.v !! As well as take up the whole bed :) If only I had mint chocolate chip ice cream .. this night ... would be glorious ... but I will settle for my one single box of girl scout cookies instead ... 
The first few pretty weekends = beautiful weather to play in = dead business = unhappy diner owner :( .... on the other hand ... God is good and I have survived a year self employed and ONLY by God's grace and the loyalty of many special friends and customers !!! Thank you all who have supported us so very much !!! 
work is terribly slow and I am bored to death !!! On to Boxcar later but not without a nap first ! 
sick ... just sick ... best friends two years for what ?? 
this needs to pass already i have had my fill .... and its dead at work so nothing but standing around hurry nite and get over with i have floors to do ! 
going to be a long night .... pizza , mint chocolate chip ice cream .. good ole mt . dew and a movie .... nothing better to pick up the spirits ... considering taking a facation ... lol 
has anyone seen easter lilies blooming yet ??? My favorite flower ... always look forward to seeing them bloom !!! Finally some time to rest .... then doing some < PROPMALE > cleaning ! Then maybe visit a friend late evening .... :) 
Lord please give me strength to do this one more time ... don't you think three is enough ?? I get what I deserve I know ... I had no idea It would hurt me this bad ... please let this be it ... no more of the same pain ... I just am not strong enough to bear it anymore ... 
On top of stress for the day I learned our plays we wrote will be performed in front of other professors and anyone on campus who wants to attend and families and friends ... it nearly killed me to have it read in front of classmates but in front of a bunch of other people ??? Not ready to be that public with any of my writing ... puts me in such a vulnerable position I do NOT care to be in !!! 
I love to write ... I can at the least < PROPFEMALE > a tune and love to sing , so why have I never tried writing a song ??? Hard times make for good song writing yes ? LOL Just crossed my mind ... still got to get someone to string up one of these guitars ... time to find something to pass the time ... guitar , music , and baseball with Luke ... maybe I will even help ... 
The kids and I desperately need a break from everything !! I have been trying to save a little and I think when my spring break rolls around we will road trip ... I think they are old enough to enjoy it and I do it on a cheap budget ... praying anyway it would be a nice break from all the stress ... we have not been on vacation just us ever ... it will be a wonderful first as < PROPMALE > reminded me .... love the wisdom in children :) 
Sadness always brings great change .... and usually sappy writing ... but it's writing at least ... 
Went to see Proof tonight now time for some < PROPMALE > revision .... 
First day of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > .... 
If you have someone you spend a lot of time with and they drive you up the wall ... never say what you want them to , never do what you want them to , and all you can think of is getting them out of your hair .... you better love them to death while they are still around because once they are gone ... you will not only be heartbroken but realize you lost more than a friend ... but the other half of yourself .... 
can't eat ... can't sleep ... can't stop crying .... I have never ever been such a mess .... words can't express the pain ... I just want it to go away ... 
McWilliams : \ 
The layers I have put around the pain of your going are thin .. I walk softly through life , adding thickness each day . A thought or a feeling of you cracks the surface . A call from you shatters it all . And I spend that night in death , and spin the first layer of life with the sunrise . 
epic fail :( 
so lets go see if this supposed software upgrade fixes my phone ... I sure hope so ! 
today was a really good day ... tonight the stomach sickness has momentarily subsided ... I hope for good ! Got to sit and talk with a good friend and < PROPFEMALE > out with some new ones tonight . Through the pain and stress of this week I remember ... I was made for so much more than this ..... 
Another day absence of sickness ... yay !!! Then at 6am someone made my day :) Nice that there are those who truly know how to show kindness and compassion ... without many words at all . 
My night is just getting started ... time for some fun .... ;) 
ahh homework all night is so much fun .... :) 
no sleep yet ... sick as a dog ... yuck ... 
Today has been a pretty decent day minus the lack of sleep , and just had taco salad for supper ... bed soon if i want to function at all tomorrow . 
Works in Progress Tonight @ The Bears Lair in the Atrium ... my classmates are very talented writers and you should come and hear their 10-minute plays ! We have all worked really hard on them . I believe there will also be refreshments ! 
I would have settled for a slow down .... one tap of the breaks .... anything that showed a possible reconsideration .... 
It's going to be another long hard night t cope with ... and it will undoubtedly creep by ... so ready for morning ... 
my night ... has ended quite well ... I am def happy with it ... can't wait to work the rest of the weekend ... :) 
Ready to get this day started ... a lot to look forward too ... :) 
Answered prayer :) 
It's time something is done about this gas thing ... GAS STRIKE March 10th- do not buy gas on this day if you are tired of the ridiculous prices !.... spread the word too because i am not one to strike but this is one time it needs to be done !!! Show the government the American people still have a voice !!! 
It's amazing how we try and try to change ... try everything ... and all it takes is one incident ... one thing to tear down all those walls and change you forever ... what felt like you wouldn't get changed for an eternity ... changed overnight . Now accepting the changed me will take some work but I finally feel like the me that I long forgotten ... the me before being scarred by life's pain and trials . Its a bit surreal ... 
peace at last ... been a long time coming :) 
my incomplete is now an A ... I am one happy person :) 
Spent some quality time with my < PROPMALE > tonight :) We so have to get consumed with baseball ... I love this season because its the one thing he will totally forget video games for ! 
Cleaning Tips ... needed ASAP !!! Keep inmind you are talking to < PROPFEMALE > Stewarts worst nightmare ! If I can't get my mess under control I don't feel I will ever have life under control and I remember learning something about that in Sunday School way back . Seriously I need to spring clean 3 like 10x10 rooms that have half of a 4bdrm 2 bath home crammed in them !! HELP !! 
one room down ... two and a storage building to go ... 
eh .... 
too much to do ... too little time ... my Black Foot friend is back from Washington , glad to see him this A.M. he will be going back again soon ... very intelligent man !! Nothing like listening to intelligence ... I'm jealous 
just great ... the heavens open up just when it's time to leave for school .... andI don't and won't own umbrellas ... yuck :( 
wow a quick change ... now the sun is shining ?? weird but not complaining lol ! 
Ran late for work , called wrk , 3 exits away I run out of gas , call < PROPFIRST > to bring gas can from house , try to call work to tell I will be later , phone shuts off and wont come back on ! < PROPFIRST > arrives puts gas in , car wont start , finally just drops me off . Put more gas in that night still wouldn't start . Apparently water in the tank , bought some stuff , put it and more gas in and at midnight or so woohoo car cranks up !! 
Please pray for families and friends in Hawaii , Japan and all along the west coast !!! My cousin just left Japan a day or so ago and is in Alaska ! They are just waiting for it to hit in Hawaii it is moviing that way at 500mph !! Pray for these families and that people will get to a safe place quickly !! The videos are just horrific .... 
bed ... 4am comes early ... 
three really not so great days in a row ... please b a good day Lord ! 
Wishing I had asked off for the weekend because with these ACC finals or whatever they are ... KILL business !!! arrghh ... watch game ... then come eat @boxcar :) 
hello ... Pauly Shore .... found an old favorite in the $5 bin ... Son in Law ... no kids so it's movie night ... maybe I can finally eat my south western chicken sandwich and sweet potato :) 
Wednesday night while singing in church ... I imagined mamaw < PROPFEMALE > was there beside me singing like she had most Sundays ... it was an older song and I could just hear her as if she were there was on of the many songs shed sit in her recliner and sing when we were kids ... I miss you mamaw :( 
Finally home .. busy lunch ... dead ... very dead evening ... a lot of work around the diner to catch up on this week :( Busy busy is what my spring break will be . 
nothing worse than waking up late .. getting to work and finding out your partner did the same .... Monday has come in with a roar ... 
We have worked really hard on math and reading comprehension and I think at this point I would be failing my child if I didn't put him back in school . I think he is better prepared now and has the confidence needed and it will solve any issues that may arise in the future when trying to re-enter him for 4th grade . 
why must we as humans be so hurtful ... it comes as easy as breathing ... I need a vacation from hurt ... it has been coming in all shapes and sizes and frankly I would like to kick it out of my life !! 
so tired of losing this battle .... God ... you have to take it from me ... \the battle is not mine said little david ... I'm giving it all to you ... i know not what to do \"" 
back to work ... 
When I am able to ever visit Texas again I wonder what will happen ... I love Texas but I don't think it loves me ... Oh the adventure of riding greyhound for 20 some hours ... and the second time ... we drove straight into a hurricane !! 
WOW 42 pages of paper work for the lawyer and thats not all of it ... overwhelming ... praying my visit goes well and God will guide him in showing me the wisest decision to make about this situation ... so that what is best is done and nothing less ... a little frightened at the moment :( 
ok lets go get this over with .... 
In need of a miracle ... what would be great is to find a buyer for the house that bears my name and my ex husbands . It is in Maiden . I know there is literally no market for homes right now ... but God has no market ! At this moment until full decisions and preparations are made we are looking to friends and family to see if there is anyone out there who may be looking for a new home . 
Poor kid came home with a huge load of math worksheets they wanted him to do ... we literally just got done :( too late for this ! One plus though ... when I picked him up from school today , for the first time literally ever he said .. \school was great mom ! \ " Never heard him say that before even as a small child he disliked school ... too much time with mom made him appreciate his friends and teachers lol ! " 
I just have to be all mushy just for a moment ... I must say that I have the greatest boyfriend in the world ... who in my absence helps me with my children when he doesn't have to , makes sure they get their homework done and gets them to church ... he is just simply awesome , what more could you ask for ? I love you < PROPFIRST > Cone !! You have stood with me when no one else would ... you are my best friend . 
Who am I ?..... I am a flower quickly fading ... here today and gone tomorrow ... a wave tossed in the ocean , a vapor in the wind , still you hear me when I'm calling , Lord you catch me when I'm falling , you told me who I am .... I am yours .... 
Hottttttt !!!!! 
well apparently the bug has hit my household ... Adrian complained all day of stomach ache and as soon as she gets in < PROPFEMALE>'s jeep ... out it poured ! Ewwww please Lord ... spare me ..... please .... 
I'm done ruffling feathers for the day .... 
playing hide and go seek at 28 ... well there is only so much hiding you can do ... a foot sticks out here ... an elbow there ... what can I say .. I am too big for this lol but the kids are laughing like crazy and that is what counts :) 
Well < PROPFIRST>'s doctor visit solved zero ... likely a bug .. I don't know , fever broke today but still had stomach aches and then tonight she took a drink and started again ... we are headed in to day 4 of sickness with her and she breaks my heart when she says , \How come no one will let me near them but you mommy ? I can't even sit in the chair with anybody . \ " :( She is so pitiful " 
A family member has been deployed ... I am sure more friends and family in the military will follow ... an undisclosed location but with whats going on in Lybia who knows ... please pray as these young men go yet again to fight for another country's freedom ... remember them in your thoughts and prayers and especially their families who love them and will be worried . Praying for you < PROPFIRST > and a safe journey and return ! 
Sausage , eggs , and toast ... smells good cooking 
< PROPFEMALE > turnovers .... mmmm ... I have actually been able to cook at home for two nights in a row ... and sit around with my kids and Chris ... it's been very nice I must say . 
< PROPFIRST > is begging to go for a walk now that it is warm ... so here we go lol . I love warm , late evening walks :) 
MAY possibly need a server for Mondays only ... would be 5:45 to 2 pm ... if interested message me and this is not the type of thing that will support you ... it's best for someone who just wants to make a few extra bucks ... not have to survive off it lol . 
Finally scrounged up the money for my poetry class books , now I have way too much reading to catch up on .... :( At least it's fairly enjoyable reading . 
boxcar grill .... please put some cash in my pocket tonight ... but I am sure this Sweet 16 ordeal is bound to leave me broke again .... hurry and pass basketball season ... please I am too poor to care about you :( 
some days are just going to stink ... and those you love most will let you down ... but life goes on right ? Long day ... Just got home from work and should have been home 2 hours ago ... more work at 5am .... it's no wonder I stay tired ... hopefully my days at Boxcar will soon be able to come to a close ... and I have decided to take the summer off from school ... 
Getting home at midnight from one job and going in to the other at 5am is for the birds ... I am so exhausted ... 
I am simply past the point of being tired anymore ... may as well make myself academically productive tonight .... one more month of this two job deal that steals me from family , church and school work ... Lord willing one more month .... 
blah blah .... 
We are trying to decide what to do for dinner .... then I must get to this paper I keep avoiding seeing as how I always choose something ridiculous or too difficult ... me and my stupid note card got me into this mess ! I guess it's better than writing on Lysistrata which I was not particularly fond of at all !! Perversion ... not my thing ! 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her ......... Post this on your wall if you are against Domestic Violence & Mental Abuse . 
Spring cleaning some more , going through old boxes and all you can do is cry .... old pictures , a notebook full of perfectly handwritten recipes from Mamaw < PROPFEMALE > addressed to me , lots of old memories ... but life has new memories yet to bring that will somehow soften the blow of the old ... :) 
Just totally found a huge stash of premier designs jewelry I thought I had gotten rid of !!! Sweet !! It's amazing what you find in my messes ! 
Should school be put on hold to save my business ? It has great potential but I can't find that potential and work both jobs , and go to school .... really needing to make a decision ... something has to wait ... I just can't do both anymore and keep my sanity ... it's too overwhelming for one person ... and No ... I am not as strong as you may have thought ... quite the opposite ... 
Well when hacking and choking won't allow you to sleep ... at least more cleaning gets done !!! I have much to go but I am beginning to feel a sense of accomplishment .... a nice feeling because this task has been a burden for years . I have just pushed the mess around not wanting to deal ... but I am dealing pretty good now :) Can't keep your life in boxes forever ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ... 
It will all be fine .... breaking the news is the hardest part ... 
I am hoping that when all is said and done .... I will feel like a 300lb weight has been lifted .... I may just be a flat out different person minus the huge amount of stress of the last year or so ! Hoping I will look back and be happy about this decision ... I have already planned that this summer is devoted to my children ... one job ... no school ... just summer fun :) 
church time :) 
praying that everyone finds a job very soon :( 
Praying for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > as they look for a new job today ... God wanted us to close this door so I have to believe he is waiting to open another for everyone . Thankful I have a part time job on the side . I had been planning to quit soon , glad I did not do it yet and they were all fussing at me for leaving again anyway so now I guess they can't get rid of me lol ! Can't stop having Faith now ... 
ENG 270 cancelled for the day woohoo !!! Teacher having the bug and being nearly 8 months pregnant not so woohoo ... :( 
It's amazing how sometimes things just ... fall right into place :) 
Closing two businesses in one year ... not fun ! Packing and cleaning and storing ! Where are we going to put all this stuff !! Ready for it to b over ! 
Ugh ... I am assuming there is still baseball practice since I havn't heard anything ... and its wet out .... and it's the first Saturday in a year and a half I have been able to sleep in :) 
How wonderful it was too be able to sleep this am and then go to breakfast with my dads Sunday School class ! Enjoyed the food , and singing and just getting to < PROPFEMALE > out with church family :) Then went out to Redbone < PROPMALE>'s for < PROPFEMALE > and now flying kites before work at Boxcar . Family time is nice , I have missed it :) 
With no time and all the previous stress .. I haven't felt like writing for pleasure in a very long time ... but feeling like a little writing time tonight ... I can get all these ideas out of my head finally :) 
actually got to go to church for both services today and then < PROPFEMALE > out with church family and friends ... best night I have had in awhile :) 
too much to do today and I am already running late ... one part of my life that has to change !! organization and being on time ... I can't remember a time when I didn't run late constantly ! 
We think our day is bad ... then I see a pic of my cousins friend's child ... saying goodbye to his daddy who has been deployed ... and this is not the first one . Pray for our soldiers and the families they leave behind to go and honorably protect those who need it and us here at home ... my heart goes out to these families :( 
Baseball practice in Mt . View ..... let's go Kid !! 
When did we learn how to multiply and divide fractions in school ?? Those of you who graduated in 2001 like me ? I do not remember doing them so early ... i swear they are teaching kids in 3rd grade all the math that we spent from 3rd to 6th grade learning . It's a new concept every single day ... no time to grasp an of them ... learn and go : z 
We need positive health reform but my goodness more than that ... EDUCATIONAL REFORM !!! It's time .... long overdue ... 
Had a poetry reading to attend and promised to be out tonight with our group spreading poetry via sidewalk chalk but when your kids cry for you not to leave and for once it's actually not necessary for you to go it's just something you wanted to do ... you can't help but give in ... so instead we had dinner out together and just took our time and laughed and talked ... now bedtime story ... King < PROPFIRST > and the Round Table :) 
Is praying about a job ... hoping something with consistent income ... or I will just stay where i am just hate missing church ! 
I will make progress from this point on ... I will ... I am going somewhere .... not staying in this spot forever ... I will be somebody ! 
Some big decisions to make about school and a job and priorities ... praying for some guidance 
sigh ... the last resume I made was so long ago .... time for a new one :( 
resume complete ... maybe I will get a few hours of sleep ... maybe ... 
school then praying to hear from one of the many jobs I have applied for sometime in the next few weeks :) 
Why must I be so different ?? Why do I say stupid things ? Why can't I just win .. for once it would be nice to win ... to paddle downstream ... to go with the grain .... just once ... it's late and I am alone with my thoughts ... not a good place :-P 
Big talk coming soon praying it all ends well ... 
well this is as far as my body would allow me to sleep in but oh how nice it was to sleep in !! It has been over a year since I could do that on a Saturday !! Now to see our good friends < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > at Sentimental Jouneys in Conover :) We miss them and < PROPFIRST > who I think has married a Russian spie but she is nice ;-P 
So good to see our friends and was < PROPFIRST>'s first time going to their house so < PROPFIRST > had to give him his tour of toys lol !! Hot rods , collector cars , his radio room , pottery all sorts of awesome stuff ... which is why he loves his job running an antique store ! If you have never been you should go to downtown Conover and visit < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > at Sentimental Journeys .. they are truly a blessing to us and we love them :) 
I wish my mind would just stop sometimes ... it's always in high gear ... if I had a $1 for every idea I have had I would be filthy < PROPMALE > ! Someone stop me please ?? My gypsy mentality is so going to be the death of me :( I always seem to have a plan for everything .. now I need a plan that tells me how to make my plans work for once ! 
having very sharp pains in my lower left side .. kind of scary being I never went back to make sure there were no more cancer cells when I should have two years ago but with no insurance you just don't go . Hopefully they will go away soon and nothing is wrong , def need to be checked again . One of those things one doesn't want to know . 
We have been cleaning the diner up today much more to do but it's time for Ball practice soon ! First game tomorrow night !! Go Dodgers !!!! 
< PROPMALE > is on a roll today : Mom a Romanian girl likes me ! Me : Cool you know your cousin < PROPMALE > is part Romanian . < PROPMALE > : and the other part Uncle < PROPMALE > ?? LOl Then they get < PROPFIRST > to come outside swearing they saw a brown snake . < PROPFIRST > says it's not a snake and < PROPMALE > says : are you sure it's not a snake it has legs !!?? LOL Wow an interesting day ! 
When your son comes home all excited about long division proclaiming he loves it I can't help but think .... we picked up the wrong kid !! Very proud of how hard he has worked he has come a long way !! 
Doing something I so dislike ... praying about a change in my < PROPMALE > but I just don't know yet ... then to the diner to clean up some more ! 
The nightmare you can manage to have of wrecking a truck and hanging over the edge of a high bridge up against a < PROPMALE > , over dark water with your children inside and people above you who don't speak english and won't help save you , so you think of just falling in the water but it's so high and finally you manage to crawl out and get kids out just as the alarm clock goes off after the 10 minute snooze delay ! 
I am assuming the game is still on since I have received no email saying different ! First ball game woohoo !! 
I remember when I could apply for 5 jobs in a day and get 5 call backs same day !! Application after application ... really praying God will open a door soon . 
< PROPMALE > had a great first game tonight they won 1 0-0 !! < PROPMALE > got a run in , two hits out of three rounds , stole a base and fielded the ball and made a great play to stop the other team from running . Well that's the best I can tell it i am not up on the whole sports talk that's just mamma talk LOL ! Then sweet < PROPFIRST > was so cute when I walked in on her reading < PROPFIRST > a bed time story :) I am a blessed mom ! 
getting kids to school and see just how many applications I can manage to fill out this morning ... I am about to set a worl record lol 
I give up for now :( 
Is so over this math stuff !!! 
No one will get this 100% right ! My middle name__________ , my age___ , my favorite soda_______ , my favorite color______ , my eye color_______ , my hair color______ , my favorite food________ and my best friend________ ! Put this as your status and see who knows you best :) 
can someone come and read me a bedtime story :( Or sing me to sleep ? 
woody wood pecker ... I miss the old cartoons ... sitting in front of the tv on saturday mornings eating my cereal ... maybe it will put me to sleep lol 
English hates me ... that's all I know 
busy morning ahead , ready for the day to be over already :( 
drove to hickory without my wallet arrghhh this day is off to a bad start .... lets try again .... 
my daughters answer to a question a moment ago was ... \uh because ... I am a genius !! \"" 
Wow so in an hour of watching television with my children which I never get to do , I have seen the dumbest toys ever created ... Squinkies , Zoobles , Lalaloopsies , and Barbies who hair turns around and looks like something from the exorcism ... LOL ! I am waiting to see what's next lol ! 
Oh my oh my just had my son ask me a series of questions that are just crazy awkward for a mother to answer ... I had to send him to < PROPFIRST > for these questions .. wow is all I can say its so funny when they discover things about themselves they don't understand all I could do was laugh ! 
Apparently the walls of our house are flexing you can feel them .... scary ... I do not like leaving my children when there is any kind of bad weather and I am leaving to go to work ! Not going to be able to concentrate :( 
Okay it's late I have a movie to watch and the bedtime for Sunday school and church in the am ... so glad I have a few Sundays off !!! 
I pulled my hair down from work tonight ... smells like shampoo and french fries .... 
So laying around being totally lazy all Saturday morning which I thought was a treat ... has me wide awake and it's almost 4am . I'm sure to get sleepy around 6am when its time to be thinking about getting up : z Suppose I will spend this time finishing House of Spirits so I can get my paper written . I miss my kids already ... 
May have finally found my new concept ... thanks to a much needed drive to the mountains to breathe in the beautiful fresh air , clear the mind and seek out a little inspiration :) 
Time to start studying for exams ... I am finally able to get ahead on school things lately . Then I need to do a lot of researching and maybe get a business back up and running before by the time my kids get out for the summer . Praying God will allow us to do this :) 
Really enjoyed getting to be at church both services yesterday and not having to run off to work ! I got to hear my brother and his wife sing together for the first time at our church which was awesome :) Then loved the < PROPMALE > Saddler family pastor was right that man is a hoot !! Blessed to be a part of a wonderful church ! 
Had a call for an interview that I missed hopefully will call again ! Will be 3rd shift which would be great ! 
ball game tonight ... homework and house work to do and looking forward to spending time with my family Saturday !! I can't wait :) 
why did my week to for workshop have to be on a topic I am not so fond of in poetry ?? Well apparently my daughter who tells me she is a genius has just offered to help me with this dilemma so let's see how this goes lol !! 
mmm the sl of burgers on the grill ... smells like Uptown .. yummm !!! Making burgers and grilled shrimp ( kids don't care much for burgers ) they will eat their weight in Shrimp !! They always ask for the way we cooked it at Uptown . 
my daughter just called Haiku lame ... it needs to be longer lol 
If I were 10 years younger I would change my degree to be a naturopathic physician ... I would love doing that very much ... takes the many interests I have and combines them in a way to help people . Too old for that now lol :) 
Just sent a very long , very important email , hoping for a good response ... it will break a contract with some people that have become a thorn in my side if in agreeance ... I have an awesome landlord so I am praying she trusts my plan ! 
Digging through old boxes ... finding highschool stuff !! Very old ... bitter sweet memories . I find is especially funny to read old poetry or stories and look at the pics of my million different hairstyles ... WOW ... my hair changed alot !! Amazing how life changes you , shapes and molds you into someone completely different than you once were ... what a crazy life I have lived ... four lives actually . 
Getting kids off to school ... then going outdoors early for some excercise ... I have an excuse to at least attempt to get in shape . Had a great night at church and Pastor < PROPMALE > had a great lesson for the youth . I am thankful we have a Pastor and Youth Pasor who are not afraid to preach the truth !! 
Was just reminded I am supposed to go to Tweetsie with my daughter and the last time I went to tweetsie was with my sister-n-law and I couldn't even tolerate the ferris wheel !! Their rides go faster and last longer than anywhere else !! Ughh ! LOL 
I am such a wimp ... black hands and blisters on the inside of my thumb and caluses everywhere already geez when did I get so fragile ?? LOL Time to get ready for work ... hope we get our butts kicked ! 
Working at the school today with < PROPFIRST>'s class , getting ready for the Easter party ! Then packing them up and sending them to Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s for the night :) That's all I will hear all day ... \when are we going to Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s ? \ " LOL I only work tonight and have the rest of the weekend off boo for the money but yay for time with my family !! " 
Finally with no school and little work I am actually getting spring cleaning done !!! Slowly but surely ! 
After spending two hours with wild 1st graders I am ready for a nap lol ! We had a blast even though the rain forced us to hide eggs in the classroom . Then back to the cleaning before work tonight and hmm what to make for tomorrow ?? 
another last minute customer ... grrr so finally home now after going to the store and it's movie time and of course mint chocolate chip ice cream is a must can't have it any other way ! Must enjoy these small pleasures in life they are rare :) 
Homan Family Picinic in awhile !!!! Time to get up and get ready to head to Maiden/Lincolnton !! 
Finally home after a great day off and having an awesome time with my family !! I want to know who ate all the potato salad though ... I was hoping to have leftovers ! LOL !! Everything was so good ! Time to get my rascals in bed and get ready for tomorrow . Praying some family < PROPMALE > invited will come tomorrow to church . I love Easter Sunday Mornings and so glad I don't work ! 
Wonderful service at church this morning !! Time to get kids to their fathers and visit a few friends . Hopefully my hip will begin to work again it decided to stop functioning properly which has never happened this pain is miserable but i will smile anyway !! 
Well my age is showing ... I have a bum hip and all I did was stand up after Sunday School ! I have never been this constrained and it's making me a bit crazy and claustrophobic ( I know I am weird) ! It is very painful and kept me from my plans to be outdoors all day playing basketball or tennis with my boyfriend as I had wanted :( At least I am getting plenty of rest :) 
Me with my bum leg cooked New York Strip , buttered noodles , and corn on the cob and the last few bites of Hershey's chocolate pie :) This has been a very non traditional Easter afternoon but a good one none the less :) 
Well I can't get around so i may as well get ahead on homework and get some studying in . Was hoping this would be gone by now but prescription pain meds are not even touching it . Praying it heals quickly before I go bonkers ! 
I am having serious difficulty walking and the pain has now decided to take over my other hip :( 
Time to look something up worth watching and I miss my kids :( 
Feeling a great deal better this morning :) We will see if that continues after the long walk from my car to classes ! 
I am amazed that 600 teachers will lose their jobs yet the line of people I get behind when I want to simply pay for gas but must wait 20 minutes while people pick lottery tickets , scratch them off and play again seems to grow every day ... so why is there no meny for teachers ?? Oh and i have a copy saved to my desk top of where each portion of the money is supposed to go , also where money supposedly went ! 
BBQ Chicken , < PROPMALE > cheese , baked beans , homemade mashed taters ( for the potato salad haters ) and potato salad :) I am proud of my gamer son he has actually played outside most of the day ! < PROPFIRST > loves the outdoors she is the one who will bring in frogs and lizards if she ever caught one LOL ! 
chow time :) 
Since when does the cook have to do the dishes too ??? Sigh I need to hire me a husband .. wait I mean a Good husband who helps with chores hehe :) jk love you Chris <3 
trying to < PROPFEMALE > a mattress and boxsprings to the road for the trash to pick up with just me and my two youngens was interesting to say the least ! 
Anyone up for seeing a play with me tonight lol ? I'm going solo at this point not such a bad thing but it is required of me so I must go . 
On my way to < PROPFEMALE > as much as I love music the quiet time will be much appreciated ... time alone is nice ! 
It's going to be an all nighter but thats alright I have gotten enough rest to handle it :) 
My daughter just spent 10 minutes trying to explain to me how you can accidentally do something on purpose ... 
There are things that make me love being an English < PROPMALE > but when you take teaching out of the equation well leaves me to wonder so I have pondered and prayed about which direction to go with school and due to my interests my passions and some jobs I would like to hold after school I have decided to get a communications degree in Public relations . 
Anyone hear any news yet of tornados near by ? It's dark so you can't see well which stinks so I can only listen :( Is there a website with live streaming news ? 
Looks like we are out of the woods I hope at least .... 
Glad to see morning come ... a new day :) 
This si so stupid it's funny :) \ 
In honor of the big wedding on Friday , use your < PROPMALE > wedding guest name . Start with either Lord or Lady . Your first name is one of your grandparents ' names . Your surname is the name of your first pet , double-barreled with the name of the street you grew up on . Let's do this ! Post yours here . Then cut and paste it into your status . 
Oh boxcar how i have missed your gifts of green ... now I come to receive more :) 
livid 
Okay exam time ... one at least . 
Well my brother and his wife just got to see the President drive by ... all my trips to DC and I have never seen the president lol boo ! Not sure if it made their day or ruined it hehehe ! 
Went to visit my former boss today and the few co-workers left there just to say hello and looks like I may have a part time job for the summer ... didn't even have to ask :) Excited to possible be doing it again was a pretty cool job . It's nice to be asked now and then and not always seeking :) 
Got some sun today ! Usually takes me several tries to get going but not this time ! Maybe if I tan enough this year my children will look like mine this summer ! So jealous of that < PROPMALE > Gypsy blood they get brown as can be in summer well < PROPFIRST > is brown year round but still ! 
Why must I be such a sentimental creature ?? 
Nothing to do tonight ?? You should come and visit us at Gateway Baptist Church on < PROPFIRST > Ford road in < PROPMALE > starting @ 7pm !! You will be sure to hear a great message by our special guest Dr. < PROPMALE > Frye and be welcomed by some of the greatest people I know ! Then come again to hear our wonderful Pastor < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! Love my church and my church family :) 
I have limited myself to one glass of dew a day ... ate zero yummy rolls from boxcar on my shift ... upped my calcium intake and even water ( yuck ) . Not because I want to be oh so healthy necessarily but because I am too poor to buy new clothes so I must continue to fit into what I have ... which has not been going well ;) 
Question : Okay so he is dead ... so do you believe they truly just found him and killed him ? Or have they known where he was and killed him coincidentally in time to gain the public's interest for the upcoming presidential election ? What is my fb friends public opinion at this point ? 
Heraldo just said \Obama is dead I don't care\ " haha not a good way too goof up on national news !! " 
As my friend < PROPFIRST > said ... it's a victorious evening but watch your back and get ready for some angry Bin Laden followers ... and don't forget what is going on in Lybia ! Raise one hand in victory and with the other a shield ready to fight . 
ah and he just said that big word \I\ " ... naturally ... " 
I am officially debt free from the diner now ! We were able to negotiate a burdonsome contract and it worked out better than I could have imagined :) Now with that stress finally gone I can focus ! I feel 150lbs lighter today with that off of my shoulders ! Now for some food and class , baseball pics , game and studying :) 
Osama and Hitlers death was both confirmed May 1st . Osama 2011 and Hitler 1945\ 
( Posted by my sister or Brother in law ) 
For those who forget or maybe don't know anyone who has died in this war ... this should be a day that we display our patriotism ... what has happened to it ? Be proud of your country and the victory made . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Hoyle < PROPFEMALE > McCrary Havner < PROPFEMALE > McCrary < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Buff\ 
for those who have asked and anyone else who would like to come here are this weeks games for Lukes team . Tonight @7pm @Mt . View-Thursday @6pm @drexel -Friday @7pm @ Mt . View-Saturday @11 : 30 am @ Hildebran . 
I wish the cover for my poetry anthology would hurry and load !! Thank you Chris :) 
I just have to say ... i really can't breathe right now ... this semester has been difficult and this is my very first sit in final exam in many , many moons . My aid rides on passing so i amfull of anxiety and fear so please say a prayer with me :) 
Walking down the road to get kids off the bus and going to sleep been going since 5:30 am yesterday ... poetry reading tonight @ LR . 
my children say no nap til we have pancakes lol ! 
Some grill cheese sandwiches and chicken noodle soup are in order when you are soaked from head to toe :) Will be yet another sleepless night . One more exam , 2 papers , and a performance project left to go . Counting down the days ! 
I can't wait till my kids are out of school so we can just sleep a little now and then ! As soon as they get out though I will likely be going to work and that is 7am boo for sleep but yay for job . Another stressful day and I decided to just sleep anyway ... not overthinking it or dealing with a present situation until school is out ! 
I am determined to finish my research paper tonight .... not due til Tuesday but I want it finished so I can study my butt of for my theory of global politics class and get ready for our performance on Tuesday which I am quite excited about actually :) 
Field trip with < PROPMALE > tomorrow to Tuttle National Forest :) Some good hiking weather lately ! 
Walmart run ... woohoo ... not lol 
Headed to Tuttle Educational State Forest ... got it right that time lol ! Glad to spend some quality time with my son :) Then in a week or so Tweetsie with < PROPFIRST > for Letterland Day ! 
