Waiting on the chaplain to call back for the pre-marriage counseling then gonna catch a power nap : feels sick : 

headache from hell ... waiting fo tylenol to kick in so i can sleep 
Enjoyed an awesome fireworks show from the vantage point of San < PROPFIRST > with my love 
Playing Doc again , trying to diagnose a few select things , figuring out medical puzzles , and trying to keep my future wife comforted and calm about the wedding day 
< freakin ' tired . Going to take a nap ... Zzzzzz ...... 
Kicking back and relaxing with my wife after our big day :-D 
Starting to get tired but still not ready to wind down 
: yawning and staring blankly at the computer screen : 
Lonestar rocked yesterday . Today we're gonna go see ' Where the Wild Things Are ' . I saw the previews and I was like please please please please please !!! 
Faith and I went yesterday to see Paranormal Activity . If you don't believe in ghosts and otherworldly beings , you will after that movie . Was doing good to up until the end where I almost pissed my pants . lol 
Anyone ever wonder why everything seems to go bad all at once ? Taking over a leadership position going just on what you've seen without a turnover , fighting a spiritual battle , and wondering if you're gonna deploy is taking a < PROPMALE > morale hit ... =( 
Well , Faith and I are taking a breather after getting the butterball turkey in the oven , so I thought I'd take a moment and say something about her cooking .... IT'S AMAZING !!!!! Might not have leftovers if the turkey turns out like the pecan and pumpkin pies she made =) 
Just got back from < PROPMALE > air force base at the northern tip of the island . Went camping there last night , made some smores , pitched tents , and fell asleep in the treeline about 40 ft from the ocean . Best sleep I've had in months 
Happy New Year's ya'll! 
OCD cleaning spree !!!!!! 
Faith just left for the airport ... Her flight is CO627 , so please , send your thoughts and prayers with her and bring her safely home . 
So , faith is just now taking off . Plan is 5 minutes behind schedule . 
First flight just landed . Yay ! 1/3 of the way done ! 
Watching and waiting .... 
Faith's plane just touched down in Hawaii . 3hr 10m layover . 
Faith's plane just left the terminal and is taxiing out to the runway , 3 minutes ahead of schedule . Next stop , < PROPFIRST > Islands ! 
Down to the home stretch . Faith's flight leaves the < PROPFIRST > Islands at 02:40 this morning and arrives in Guam at 04:35 . Almost home ... 
Almost time ... 
Leaving for the airport . It'll take about 30 minutes to get there . See you guys when we get back 
Hating my job at the moment . I've never worked with a group that pisses me off so much .... 
Slightly better day with more ass chewing and less back talking from my guys 
Dreading today and the day hasn't even started yet 
Nothing like getting called by your boss with him telling you that he can't get in touch with two of your co-workers ... Bad juju ... especially in the military 
The movies were fun . Went to go and see Shutter Island . Not gonna ruin the story , but the plot was one of the best constructed and confusing storyline I've seen in a long time =) 
Just got a price quote for 4 new tires for the car ... expensive , but definately a good price for labor , tires , realignment , and disposal of the old tires , at $320.96 
Pondering the thought of quantum data processing .... 
Time for bed . Can't wait until the baby shower tomorrow . Love you hon ! 
Right now , it's 0156 in Guam , and I'm watching our soon while Faith sleeps a bit . Three things I've learned about babies in the last two days : one- they love to eat and sleep . two-the binkie is your best friend when they get fussy . three- no matter who's baby it is , they've all cute when they sleep =) 
Keep this up and I'll set a Guiness World Record ... 10 hours of sleep in 5 days ... 
Before , I used to run on energy drinks , but it appears coffee has become my new motivator of choice 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan who ? I can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something yr old . Here are a few 20 yr-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartelt 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > hew < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These 20-somethings gave their lives for you this week . Repost if you support the Military . 
Contemplating the complexities of life and the various webs the three fates weave with their twine of < PROPFEMALE > ... 
It's been one hell of a week ... Can't wait for this shit to be over with ... 
My wife made some awesome chili for dinner . It was delicious ! Love you , hon ! 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . Repost if you ... are in ... the military , love a military member , or appreciate our troops 
YAY !!!! Duty is almost over and I can go home and sleep !!!!!! 
USNH GUAM , I AM SHOWING MY SUPPORT FOR HN HENSON CHIONG . UNTIL MY SHIPMATE COME HOME I WILL HAVE HIS PHOTO AS MY PROFILE PICTURE . GET WELL CHIONG copy to your profile and change your pic to show your support ! 
A politician sees his family everyday , a deployed soldier once in 6 months . A politician flies 1st class , a soldier flies in a C130 . A politician's pension is not reduced , a soldier's is clawed 65% . A politician enjoys an expense account , a soldier must justify extra rations . A politician vows to defend their country ..... a soldier actually keeps that promise . REPOST IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS . 
You and I wake up in jail together ... using only 4 words what do you say tome ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . Fair is fair ... Play along copy & repost 
I've spent the latter half of my life so far , wanting and wishing to be numb from emotion . When I saw my wife get on the plane this morning , it hit me like a freight train : Those emotions are what make us different from machines and psychopaths . Those emotions mean that it's not just words like some people think . Those emotions are what people human . 
Just started a cleaning frenzy 
sleeping 
Sympathetic illnesses ... quite the paradox that < PROPFIRST > and I get sick at the same time with the same symptoms ... 
Going to the store for formula . Call the cell phone if you need me . 
Damned wisdom teeth ... ER did a digital block on my jaw , but that worse off about 10 minutes ago . Got percocet with tylenol 5/350 for breakthrough pain , so at least there's something for pain control that won't leave me loopie until I get them extracted 
The wife is having trouble sleeping without being here . Hopefully , the hypnosis over the net that we attempted will lull he to sleep for a while . 
Remember , this Christmas , while you are eating your dinners and laughing , that in another house there is an empty chair where a hero should be sitting . They gave their life so that you can sit with your family . So light a candle this Christmas for our fallen heroes that did not make it back ... and for those still serving in Iraq , Afghanistan , or elsewhere . Repost this as your status to show your respect ... OOORAH ! 
Got bored since < PROPFIRST > is asleep , same things are on tv , so I made cinnamon loaded carrots , some buttery cream corn , and broccoli and cheddar smothered rice . Delicious ! :-) 
AFK 
Drilled a makeshift shelf into the wall in the cat's room . Compared to what I've seen before and what I have at my disposal ... looks horrible ... :-( Definately wouldn't sell that to people ... 
Great .... fever of 101.3 . This happens every time I go on leave , I'm never taking leave again ! 
Bacon , egg , and cheese McGriddle = Kick-ass ! 
Wishing I could eviscerate some people that show injustice to others ... 
I guess that old saying is true . You are who you < PROPFEMALE > out with . Can't believe what I'm hearing , and it's breaking me to pieces having to swallow every bit of it . 
... hating duty right about now . Get here , and half of my keys aren't working for what I need to do my duty .... I go on leave , and everything fucking falls apart ! WHAT THE FUCK !?!?!?! .... : sigh : 
Sitting at the computer at work after admitting a patient , now watching red vs blue . I'm happy this computer can stream media :-) 
Duty ... day two ... and why in the hell do you make one phone call to admit 3 patients ?!?!?! Not to mention that in was two hours after the first one was supposed to be admitted ! : sigh : Guess that's why they post times with the < PROPFIRST > on the pagers ... Ohh rah military ... 
Hoping to chill and relax a bit with Faith before work tomorrow . Looking forward to a relaxing evening . :-) 
Reflective thinking ... and more so than usual 
Watching and waiting ... That's definitely the worst part of it 
... I've never felt so isolated and alone before . Feels like my entire existence is collapsing around me , but I'm powerless to control the flow of things . Autonomic execution is a callous creature within itself , yet flawless and perfect in design ... 
Wishing the day would be over with already .... 24hr duty sucks ... especially when those people on the < PROPMALE > s don't do their damn jobs by telling you that someone just transfered from one < PROPMALE > to another ! Grrr ! Frustration ! 
Nothing like watching and waiting for a shift to end ... the anticipation is a killer ! 
