southern comfort murdered me last night . never drinking it again . 

come talk to me on stickam ! stickam.com/gagethebum 
damn straight : it's my birthday ! 
It isn't me that changed , but your perception of me . 
pissed the fuck off . 
becoming disinterested . and I'm going to sleep . 
My assorted guardians have all complained at some time or another that I don't talk to them , or tell them what I'm thinking . Well here's your answer : FUCKING LISTEN TO ME WHEN I DO TALK , and maybe I'll be inclined to talk more often . My grandmother likes to ask the same question , over and over again within the space of five minutes because apparently her brain shuts down everytime I answer . 
I'm oh so relaxed . The noise of california isn't so bothersome with headphones in , playing some nice acoustic music and looking out over my pool . I couldn't possibly be in a better mood , with the exception of my significant other < PROPFEMALE > being here <33 
I'm bored as fuckkkkk ! 
I'm tired of ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
everyone loves being woken up at 4 ' o clock in the morning . 
bored , but in a decent mood . \ 
wish I was going out to vegas this weekend . about to try and work some persuasive powers on my grandma to try and make it happen ... 
got a 0 in one ear , and a cigarette filter in the other until I get the other 0 stretcher . \ 
that's wassup 
\I am sick and tired of war . It's < PROPFEMALE > is all moonshine . War is hell \"" 
New picture . Get at it . :D 
You can't be angry with me for making my decisions , even if they don't coincide with the ones you think are best for me . I appreciate that you're looking out for me , but as you've pointed out : I am growing up , and I'm also at the age where I can make these kinds of decisions for myself . For better , or for worse it's my mistake to make 
Have you ever been with a group of people and still felt alone ? 
I guess I just lost the ability to care after saturday . I cut all the bullshit out , and I'm not trippin ' how things go with my \friends\ " out here anymore . I've just stopped trying to make them happy and all that 
With the way things are going between her and I , this stay isn't too great . \ 
I find myself in a perpetual state of frustration , that seems to be growing . \ 
I came here expecting to spend a lot of time with three people . So far , I've only really < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > . 
my fingers creep and crawl across the keyboard , to write about things that don't matter at all . 
I do believe the sun is close to coming up . I can't sleep , so maybe I'll watch it . It's been awhile since I have . 
In love , and loving it . :D 
wassup Las Vegas ?! 
two days in a row now that I haven't really done shit . 
I wonder at times what lays behind closed door in my mind . I know there's something there . 
Doors * 
making my mom her birthday cake ! 
My heads clear , but my stomach doesn't appreciate it . 
I rarely get shit on any networking site . I'm not cool enough for you kids to hit me up ? hahah , fuck it . Well , I'm in Vegas for good if anyone was wondering . start school in a little over a week I think ? Not stoked I lost a month of summer , but definitely worth it . \ 
Oh , it'd be cool if someone hit me up . thanks , bye 
Boredom . Tonight should be fun though . 
\This could be interesting .... Lets see how forthcoming all my wonderful \ 
interesting .. 
Am I the one you see in your so-called nightmares ? Wake up and dance , dance to the beat of the drama 
curious curious curious 
I'm kind of aggraveted 
things change . Some faster than others . 
I'm not sure what to say , but I feel like I need to say something . Always with these ghost feelings . 
Had a pretty good day ! Considering going to church more frequently . I found The sermon today kind of depressing though . 
how interesting . 0 . o\ 
on a side note , I'm in a pretty decent mood . 
Family is over for my sisters birthday . I'm thinking today will be a good day , and hoping all the kids from sunrise have a good time at homecoming ! 
Some people put their phone number on Facebook . I think its funny because if you don't have their number already you'd probably be like , \wtf o.O \ " if they text " 
This kid makes me feel happy . Not because he does anything for me , but because he cries about his life more than I do . Mental note to stop complaining as much . 
Hmm . I'm curious . Always so very curious . 
I check my Facebook so much more often on my phone now . Funny stuff . 
\be the change you want to see \"" 
Whennnnn the fuck are we going to < PROPFIRST>'s everyone ?! 
sometimes I'm painfully aware of how ignorant I am and have been . It gives me something to laugh at if nothing else 
Before I start college , I'd like to go to Europe ... I want to see England , < PROPFEMALE > , Italy , Greece , and Germany 
And I do believe its true , there are roads left in both of our shoes . If silence takes you then I hope it takes me too . 
tell me why everytime I make popcorn it smells burnt . -_- 
Do you think that you're made of gold ? Invinsible ? 
I decided that I definitely want to get a motorcycle . 
I have a headacheee ! and I'm hungry as hell . All I've had to eat was doritos . :o 
Every action has a point , five points make a fist . You close ' em , you swing ' em , it hurts when it hits . And the truth can be a bitch , but if the boot fits . 
I remember back in the day I would have conversations with people on myspace or facebook . More myspace than facebook though .. Anyway , I'm in the mood for a conversation . Humor me ? 
Suddenly feeling nap mode . Wondering if I should follow up on that feeling . It could mean a lot more sleep tonight . 
I want to go do something ... 
:) 
Going to a UNLV game tonight with my step father . Random , but pretty cool . 
MySpace hella changed . I'm definitely feeling Facebook more these days . 
It's easy to become callous . 
Idk right now . I'm frustrated and aggravated . 
I wanna go home . I'm not feeling too well . 
Should've stayed home . My headache escalated . 
I don't think it'll come as a surprise when I say I can be an idiot . 
Happy thanksgiving everyone ! 
This school needs to get its shit together . They just called me up during my lunch , when they should've called me up this morning . Now I don't get to eat . 
apparently my chat isn't working ... :o 
Readjusting to colder climates . It hardly bothers me now . I believe I was bothered in the first place because the transition was so quick . One day it's a hundred degrees and before you know it it's sixty . Not cool 
Okay everyone , it's Monday the 6th . You can all change your pictures back . Thank you , bye bye . 
It's cool to have something to look forward too . 
Another dimension type shit today . Definitely bonded with the homie < PROPFIRST > . Good day . 
Anyone else think it's strange when someone adds you and then doesn't talk to you ? I mean , what was the point ? 
< PROPMALE > , first season almost over . I knew that prosthetic limb making dude was the fucking killer . I can see what all the hype is about , this show is legit . 
Working out makes me feel better about everything . Only when I work out alone though . Funny , right ? 
I look through things for little hints . Things that might help me to understand . 
I don't correct things while I'm texting anymore . Not if you know what I meant to say . 
ahh , funny random things . Going to have a cigarette . Text me : ( 562 ) 292-1896 
I'm feeling tired . That's fantastic . 
Things couldn't be better right now , all because the unexpected person talking to me the last two day . I'm real glad it happened . :D 
Utah , but I'm taller 
I swear I'm boring . 
I think people like it when someone hides who they really are . All the mystery must be more attractive than being genuine could be . 
Wowww , gotta revoke posting rights to that last post . Little scam . 
Apparently my phone gets texts when it wants to . 
I want this more than I've wanted anything for awhile . 
I wonder ... 
I make faces at myself when I go to the bathroom drunk . 
At the eye doctor . There's this old crotchety guy that's bugging . He's annoying the shit out of me . 
I hope so .. 
My cat has his whole head in my shoe ... This is slightly awkward . 
If we weren't creatures of hope it wouldn't be so hard to give up . ( this must have been said by someone before . I just thought it to myself now though . ) 
I love when I guess the next words to some song or movie . It makes me laugh , and smile . 
I think you're something amazing . It's funny that most of the people that are think badly about themselves . 
Myspace sucksss now . 
Someone trying to chat ? I'm boreedddd 
If I get certified maybe I can get a lifeguard job at the excalibur ? So sick . 
I just like to ' like ' peoples posts on here . Half the time I either don't know what to say , or I couldn't say it better myself . 
You with the face ! 
So now my phone turns itself off . Fuck me , right ? 
Not going to lie , I like being an aquarius far more than I did being a pisces . 
Fuck \TGIF\ " its all about FYIFF " 
I hate it when I have little chat things at the bottom of my screen when I sign on , and I click them but nothing is there . 
And I'm off to find something mildly entertaining to make this Sunday pass quickly . 
Let's < PROPFEMALE > out , I'm bored ! 
\I can show you colors that never existed . \"" 
When I'm alone , or I don't care what I look like around certain friends I mess up my hair . 
I'm on stickam , while playing black ops . That about describes my level of boredness . 
\It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything . \"" 
Who stayed home today ? I already know senior ditch day is about to be a fail . 
Walked with my mom and then jogged the last ten minutes . I need someone that's down to jog often . Preferably in my community . 
I cannot understand my personal finance teacher at all ... but this class requires no brain so I'm not trippin ' 
Who enjoys writing poetry , and is down to write a freeverse poem using ten out of thirty words ? Pleaseeeee , someone be down . 
I just went on a great jog through my neighborhood ! I kept pushing myself to go longer and ended up passing my house a few times . Everytime I ran by my breathing would get harder for a minute like my body was trying to convince me to stop . hahah ! 
That mental tug when you say goodbye to someone you'd like to keep talking to 
Third time's the charm . 
A smart person sees a trap and backs out . That's all I did . 
Cool story Bro . 
Definitely expected that . 
If I was born the day I should've been born ( today ) I'd actually have something to be happy about today . 
Fuckkkkk off . Hahah , redub valentines day \asshole day\ " because I'm nerd raging hard . " 
