is tired .. and stressed out with school 

hates sitting at home all day sick 
aaaahhh i'm so tired of being at home by myself aaaaaalll daay 
WRECK EM ' TECH !!! 
WRECK'EM TECH !! 
study study study .... I'm so sick of reading . 
Now faith is the substance of things hoped for , the evidence of things not seen . - Hebrews 11:1 
It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in man . - Psalm 118:8 
so being by yourself in a house at night is not the most fun thing in the world . good thing i have my pistol to make me feel better ! 
i never realized how sad my ab muscles were until i did ab ripper x . thank you < PROPFIRST > Horton . 
watching 300 .. THE best movie ever 
i think its snowing everywhere in texas EXCEPT kerrville . 
I love Sunday afternoon naps :) 
Had a great time in Lubbock ! 
if you knew how much i wanted someone to come along and change my life the way you've done . it feels like home to me , feels like i'm all the way back where i belong . -- Feels like home 
Baby its cold outside .. 
who knew UT had absolutely no team without McCoy 
why is it that i've been at Tech for 5 years now and never have i ever once had my financial aid go smoothly . 
I was really hesitant to do this ... but i guess i'll see how honest my friends are ! Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . Remember to be honest ! 
is ready for breakfast for breakfast with the grandparents tomorrow !! 
I really wish I could go to sleep at a decent hour ... just hasnt happened lately :( 
homework , homework , homework ... 
waiting on fedex ... 
does not feel good .. :( 
When the storm is raging all around me You are the peace that calms My troubled sea -- Leeland 
okay so going with this whole celebrity post thing -- the only one i've been told i look like is < PROPFEMALE > Moore , i dont really see it .. but everytime its been when ppl are talking about A Walk to Remember . 
back to homework ... i cant wait to be done with college and then all i have to do is grade it and try to interpret a 2nd graders handwriting 
This is who all of the generators say i look like . < PROPFEMALE > stevens 
why do there have to be so many theories to bilingual education . it would make my life easier graphing them if there was only 1 
is missing my boyfriend right about now ... why am i in kerrville again ? 
those 3 little words we all want to hear ... LET'S GET NAKED ! - < PROPFIRST>'s Day .. good movie :) 
yesterday it was so pretty that i went hiking at enchanted rock ... and now it's freezing and it's been snowing all day . CRAZY weather . 
Not looking forward to getting up at 5am tomorrow morning . 
\The trouble with steeling yourself against the harshness of reality is that the same steel that secures your life against being destroyed secures your life also against being opened up and transformed . \ " The Sacred Romance " 
getting some more homework done 
wishing i was enjoying the day at lost maples hiking with the family instead of shooting a wedding 
Can't wait for hiking tomorrow with my dad ! i hope it doesn't rain ! 
lost maples was great ! back to reality and work tomorrow .... Ready for hiking at enchanted rock on friday !!! 
i'm ready to get the kayak out ! 
hiking at Pedernales Falls today ! 
not so happy about my phone not working 
I got hit with confetti eggs 3 times today ! Why am I such a sucker ? 
I'm not such a huge fan of my EDIT class right now . How many < PROPMALE > projects do we really need to pack in one semester ? really ?? 
what is it about guys that can play the guitar ? 
My first 5k is right around the corner ! 
Man , a part of me really wished that tiger was going to win the masters . 
Yoga night ! 
i'm craving a cheese stick from Spanky's right now ... the things I miss about lubbock . 
being forced to watch the NFL draft 
I got an A in my EDIT class ! Woohoo ! 
spurs are lookin good ! 
Had a great bible study with the girls , spending the rest of the night on my final exam so I can go hiking in New Mexico tomorrow ! 
Cant wait to meet my new baby cousin < PROPFIRST > ! it's about time we get another girl in the family ! 
Ready to take the kayak out ! 
My legs are so sore . Why did I stop running for a whole stinkin month 
How is it that I can spend hours on runnersworld.com? ? 
Can't wait to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight an take a break from school !! 
I love when I hear my mom say things like , fo sho . Hahaha 
Goin out with the girls ! Woohoo ! Sorry you can't come < PROPFIRST > ! 
Just silly stringed my little cousin . hilarious . 
Off to Lubbock !! 
The worst thing about long trips is when your throat gets sore from singing as loud as you can for 5 hours 
Not looking forward to my math test at 8am tomorrow . 
loving my new garmin watch ! and my vibram shoes .. my feet will like them much better once they stop hurting . 
Super stressful week of school . Taking 12hrs in the summer is not advised . 
Great start to our < PROPFIRST > trip . Kelci's car went and died 
I feel a little lame for being so excited about shark week 
Can't wait for Thursday night at the drive-in ! 
Final exams today . Then leaving Lubbock for good tomorrow :( 
Finished my last exam of the summer today ! 
Back to running in the hill country . Definitely a huge change from running with no elevation change in Lubbock . My lungs hate me right now . 
Can't wait to take the kayak out this week and catch some fish ! 
Starting training for Get your feet wet adventure race 2010 this week ! 
\In his heart a man plans his course 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! 23 -- I'm an old lady now . 
Is so thankful that I serve such a faithful and loving God 
\in whatever our heart condemns us ; for God is greater than our heart and knows all things . \ " 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:20 :) " 
2nd interview this afternoon ! Keep me in your prayers ! 
\The LORD is my strength and my song . \ " -- Exodus 15:2 :) " 
Going bowling tonight ! I haven't done this in soooo long ! 
Saturday College football ! :) 
Taking the kayak out this week ! 
Red Raider Football !!! Wreck'em Tech ! 
Interception !! 
Really Tuberville ? SMU should not have gotten that touchdown . Way to just give it away 
training for this adventure race is going to be the death of me .. 
Hiking at Camp Eagle today ! 
Feeling a little intimidated by the hills at Camp Eagle 
I really want to go dove hunting .. but I think everybody is too afraid to teach me how to shoot a shotgun . 
it looks like a hurricane outside ! 
\She was made to blow you away She don't care what any man say You can watch her strut But keep your mouth shut .. \ " Can't wait to go see The Black Keys in 2 wks !! " 
Going out with Jennaaay B ! 
Watching the Texans play ! 
I can't even express how excited I am about what just happened to the cowboys :) 
I already can't wait for the Tech vs . UT game ! 
The Black Keys and Kings of < PROPFIRST > concert in 5 days !! 
love being in class on a saturday ... 
Wreck'em Tech ! 
Going to see a movie with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! love her :) 
Cant wait to teach my kids tomorrow ! :) 
One of my boys this morning said , \Miss < PROPFEMALE > you always look pretty . \ " I love 2nd graders :) " 
My truck is slowly being taken over with lesson material . I'm going to have to do something about it soon . 
Kings of < PROPFIRST > and Black Keys Concert tonight ! 
The concert was AWESOME ! 
Not one of my most favorite days today ... cant wait to do it again next weekend . 
Let's go Texans ! 
I almost forgot just how good creme sodas are ! 
Not looking forward to being at work at 6am tomorrow :( 
Is it bad that I want to take home 2 of my little 2nd grade boys with me ? Love them :) 
Good 2 mile kayak today ! 
Really sad about the fact that < PROPFEMALE > Renfro is in the same state as me and I dont get to see her . lame < PROPFEMALE > . 
Good run tonight ... training has officially started ! :) 
Loving the fall weather 
I just walked in the house and my mom was watching Lady GAGA on youtube .... I never thought I would see this day . 
biked 8 1/2mi today ! My legs are so sore ! 
uugh .. i dont want to run today .. 
My cousin is having her baby today ! Can't wait to see him ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Got back into P90X tonight ... my legs are SORE . 
Had my lesson evaluation done today ! She basically told me that I'm an amazing teacher ... tell me something I don't already know .. haha :) 
How is it Yoga can make every muscle in your body sore ?? 
I don't know what about me screams mom today , but I was called it twice in Wal-Mart by 2 different small children ... One dad had to convince his daughter that I wasn't her mother lol jeans and Black Keys t-shirt doesn't seem like mom attire to me 
My kids are doing reader's theater tomorrow ... should be interesting , and loud . 
Well I have my first purple toe nail ... i think this means i'm officially a runner now 
Awesome job SU soccer ! 
Rangers are going to the world series !!!!!! 
Curled up on the couch with a blanket , drinking coffee , and watching tv ... doesn't get much better :) 
Watching Braveheart for the 100millionth time .. love this movie :) 
I feel pretty terrible today :( 
Why is it so cold ! I'm not ready for this weather . 
What is it that's so good about singing as loud as you can in the car that makes me so stinkin happy 
Nap time ? I think so :) 
Pick it up Texans ! It's not looking good right now . 
Music up , kayaks loaded , and headed to < PROPFIRST > ! 
kayaking and rock climbing was a blast ! i have such awesome friends :) 
The leaves are changing :) can't wait to go hiking at Lost Maples ! 
Some people follow their dreams , others hunt them down and beat them mercilessly into submission . - < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
ugh .. not feeling so awesome :( 
“The question is not whether we will die , but how we will live . ” < PROPFIRST > Borysenko 
Perfect running weather ! 
As for us , we cannot help speaking about what we have seen and heard ! -Acts 4:20 
apple cobbler and coffee . SOOOOO good :) 
Cant wait to go to Cloudcroft this New Years ! Snowboarding for the first time ever :) 
\It's not about what happened in the past or what you think will happen in the future . It's about the ride . \"" 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for making football that much more entertaining 
What is it about blues on the guitar that is so stinkin good . i love it . 
' But the Lord is with me like a mighty warrior;' - < PROPMALE > 20:11 
A good cup of coffee can make 6am a little more tolerable :) 
I hate homework SO much 
My mom just referred to a blackberry phone as a blueberry . This is coming from the woman that still refuses to use the computer lol 
What's the difference between the Texas Longhorns and Cheerios ? Cheerios are in a bowl . 
coffee going , music on , in the zone ... reading to take on my final project ! 
A man’s heart plans his way , But the LORD directs his steps . -proverbs 16:9 
Ready to get some climbing in this wkend ! 
jonesin to shred some powder in NM !! 
It was stinkin cold , but the lunar eclipse was incredible ! 
Dec . 21st and its 73 degrees outside . Love this weather :) 
No phone till Christmas ! So if you need me fb message me ! 
Goin to the movies ! Not reading for class to start back up and ruin my fun .. 
mmm ..... hot chocolate :) 
sitting in fredericksburg in 25º in a snow flurry ... what happened to the 75º weather 2 days ago ! 
why do i always have to be inside on days like this ?? 
