Yo this is < PROPFIRST > . i've gots nothin to say for now . But that will change in the future . If anything I got one thing to say . I'm on my way to Job Corps . I'm going for training in three fields . Security/Law Enforcement , Cullinary Arts , and Health Occupations . 

In 3-4 weeks I should be hearing something about being able to go to Job Corps . I am so excited . That is just one step on my way to becoming famous . After Job Corps I plan on attending college so I can < PROPMALE > in three fields , Psychology , Recording Arts , and Music . Then I can compose music to heal and energize the mind and maybe even the body . 
Happy belated Halloween . I definately had fun observing others . I saw some weird tricks played . And some laughed my utt off at some of them . But all was seen with good humor . 
i have just got over a case of Pneumonia . I have been out for over a week and just wanted to say it feels good to be amung the living again . lol 
Message : I care for all of you !!! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . Let's see who the true friends are 
Today is a sad day for the PPL Anime Club . I just recieved word that they will no longer be holding those meetings . They have hired a new YA librarian . Her name is < PROPFEMALE > . 
Come the 20th of April , I am to report at the Flint Hills Job Corps Center in Manhattan , Ks . I have been accepted and I am so totally revved up to go . Wish me luck guys . 
Ladies and gents some sad news for some , and some good news for others . My report date has been moved from the 19 of April to the 6 . I'm sorry POBYW but I need to perform my last show . 
technically I'm not leaving the station until tomorrow around 1:30 am - 2:00 am in the morning . So today I'm going to try to have fun with an old middle school friend until he wants top get rid of me at the station . Have fun all of you . and I'll see about keeping a blog or something going about life at Job Corps . That could teach you guys a few things you didn't know . Until next time , \Share the Smiles \"" 
OK GUYS . I'M IN CULINARY . SO THAT MEANS ANY RECIPES THAT YOU GUYS WANT ME TO MAKE , I CAN . PLEASE SEND THEM . 
The choices we make now decide how we react in the future . This is why they say it is not good to procrastinate . The excellent thing about choice is that it is always there . But every second we waste not trying to better ourselves , means another second lost to learn . This is why I chose to go to Job Corps . Service breeds a humble heart . 
I didn't get any good sleep last nite . And now hat it is time to go back to Job Corps I am so tired am I afraid o go to sleep because I might miss the bus picking me up to get back to the Center . 
I hate it when you try to promote goodwill and kindness to all and someone tries to mess that up for you . To all you who listen , please be kind to others . This in turn may end up being the best choice . You never know who you touch , they may be someone important . 
As of last Thursday I became the Vice President of the Student Government Association for Flint Hills Job Corps Center . Please wish me luck with the duties that comes with the title . 
All right folks , I need your help . I need a list of activities for a fall festival . And I need you help to make that list . Let's see what we can get by wedsday . Thanks guys . 
Ladies and Germs . I got promoted to SGA President about a week or two ago . I'm so happy . lol XD 
What is family ? Can anyone tell me ? Is family there to help and guide you ? Is family there to suuport you ? Through my life exp . I have found that even if things go horribly bad that you should still love your family . Hate is unneeded in this life time and will prevent love from fully blossoming among family members . My words of advice are : Understand , Love , and Forgive . 
Please share your thoughts friends . I have an open ear to you all . 
Happy Thanksgiving guys . I thankful for my friends and my family . Even those those I don't know that well . Lots of love guys . 
I don't normally say things like this . But I have watched how gas prices are slowly creeping back up to ridiculous heights . A couple years ago there was a boycott of gas stations because of such . I under stand that things are going to the dogs again . But I feel there needs to be another boycott to lower them again . 
< PROPFIRST > Brrown : If you don't behave < PROPFEMALE > won't stop by for Christmas . \ 
Lexxi Jimenez : I know he won't . \ 
< PROPFIRST > : Why ? \ 
Lexxi : I killed him . ( said with a straight face ) 
Quote muppets treasure island \We got cabin fever ! We're all going insane . \ " Too many snow days in a row . " 
Hey guys . It is time for the last stretch . Desprate times call for desperate measures . Wish me luck on getting into Advance training . 
Barbras house rocks 
Emo kid 
where does all the energy go that you spent to get somewhere ? Especially energy to go somewhere you really wanted to go . I feel a great amount of bitterness towards my situation . It will pass but I don't know when . 
How much wood can a wood < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , if a wood < PROPMALE > could < PROPMALE > wood ? 42 ( answer braught to you by the hitch hiker's guide to the Galaxy . ) 
great news everyone . I am now the owner of my own small business . The business is called Ox Grazin Service . I mow lawns . And am registered with the IRS . 
4am now launching invasion plans on Flint Hills Job Corps . Should be reaching Manhattan in about 4 hrs . Brace your selves for an unrelentless hellos and How have things been . 
I'm a Grad of Flint Hills Job Corps . And I am rather greatful of the staff who supported me on my journey to Graduation . Thank you guys for your help . 
We all wish to have a new car ... new phone ... to lose weight ... a person who has cancer only wants one thing ... to fight their cancer ... I know that 97% of you guys won't put this on your wall ... but 3% of my friends will .... Put it on your wall in honor of someone who died from cancer or who's fighting against it now 
Friends of mine in Wichita , I have a request of you . Those of you who would like to see me , I need your help . I need to obtain a map of Wichita and be provided with an amount to proceed travel plans into your area . FHJC friends I beseech you for your kindness of this importance . Otherwise I'm out of clovers . 
Everyone in the Parson's area . I'm looking to mow your lawn . Ox's Grazin Service is at your service . Tell me the size of your lawn , and I will tell you how much I charge . 
Can someone tell me where the line is when you realize that the life you lived was so chaotic , and how to help lead those who still live in that chaos out of it ? I understand that Some families have their problems . But from my own philosophies I have gained an insight that those broken because of Pride , Greed , and Desperation there needs to be more love . Not Contempt . Think on this and get back to me guys . 
It's official . signal at 12:20 it even passed on tv . Facebook will start charging this summer . If you copy this on your wall your icon will turn blue and facebook will be free for you . Please pass this message if not your count will be deleted . p.s , this is serious the icon turns blue , So please put this as your status\ 
about an hour ago · Like · 
I get to model for a friend's talents in styling hair . lol I get a free Cut and Color . It has about a $60 value . woo hoo XD lol 
Hey friends of mine who use Vampire Wars . Can you do me a biggie and ask to be a friend of mine to be your friend on VW . She needs a clan to get her going . Her name is < PROPFEMALE > Sapphire . 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could put this as their status for 1 hour . I'm pretty sure I know the names of those who will . Think of someone you know who has or has had cancer or someone you lost to cancer . My wish is that in 2011 they will find a cure . Will you post for one hour in honor of those who have fought , or are fighting cancer ? I hope to see it in your status 
What do you guys think of my hair ? 
96.2% of the people who read this will not have the guts to re-post it . When Goku died in the explosion with Cell , he thought of both you and me . If you are part of that 3.8% that isn't ashamed to love Goku , you'll leave this as your status for an hour . Thank you Goku , I lifted up my arms when you asked for my energy for the spirit bomb . 
I just applied online for a Job in Japan . I really do hope i get it . 
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
\ 
I'M FUCKING TIRED OF NOT KNOWING WHO TO BELIEVE ANYMORE . PEOPLE WHO WERE FRIENDS ASK ME TO BELIEVE THEM . PEOPLE WHO WERE ENEMIES ARE NOW ALLIES . I FUCKING HATE NOT HAVING A COMPASS IN LIFE . AND ABOVE ALL ELSE , I HATE IT WHEN PEOPLE FORCE MY HAND OR FORCE ME TO BELIEVE CERTAIN THINGS . I NEED GUIDANCE BUT I AM AFRAID TO BELIEVE WHO I USED TO . 
