cant wait till 2010 !!!!!!!!!!!... hopes its a good year .... o0r atleast better < PROPFIRST > 09 

hello ? lol 
just had tacos .... feelin full and tired 
just cleant out my truck ... bout to head back to my cousins 
dumped trash cleaned my truck .... helped a friend now gotta help another ... lol wat a day .. COME ON DOLPHINS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is anyone watchin da eagles cowboys game ? 
writin some songs 
record label startin up .... please help us out by peepin the myspace .... \ www.myspace.com/wearebipolar\ "" 
headed to my cousins 
is sadness an emotion we cant help to feel .... or somethin we choose t o feel ? 
is sadness an emotion we cant help but feel .... or somethin that we choose < PROPFEMALE > feel ? 
why is it that all religion is different ... yet they all require u to have faith ??? 
chillin at brandons .... gettin ready for black friday 
chillin and tlkin on da phone 
makin < PROPMALE > songz ringtones 
like oley oley ohhoooo wanna hear you < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE > ) , < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE > ) oley oley ohhoooo wanna hear you < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE > ) , < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Girl , we've had our share of ups and downs But you know that I'm gon ' always be around that's fo sho And you know how we do , how I roll And remember ain't a damn thing change so Holla if you need me You always gon ' be my boo Holla if you need me You know I still got < PROPFEMALE > And if you ever need me to be What you need girl , I'm free and foreva you can holla at me 
just found my phone ... lol dats a long time wit out it .... chillin tlkin to kayln and thinkin bout a close friend 
WTF !? Everywhere I go , Snow Shovels are sold out ! Thats messed up ... 
wat a day ... wat a night 
work was fun again today .... its gonna be great tomorrow in the freezin rain 
hates dumb excuses ..... chillin wit friends den work 
chillin 
listinin to old jagged edge songs 
now listin to joe ,,,, jodeci .... 112 .... mystikal .... good music 
boy got his heart broken so da fellas gotta help out ..... goin out tonight 
come on eagles ! 
nice catch avant 
YES EAGLES GOT IT !!!!!!!!! 1 
come on skins 
extremely tired and gotta be at work at 530 
just saw 5th grade photos ... d**n 
Tonights gonna be fun as hell . comedy club front row then a night of dancin and chillin . 
dj hero is the best game ever !!!!!!!!!!!! 
good night 
sleeps an hour den wakes up ..... den sleeps another hour and up again ... wtf ?????? 
slept from eight to 1130 ........ y am i awake ? 
please check out the tlc general contractors < PROPFEMALE > on facebook .. ( the one with the camo superman symbol ) let me know wat u think ... hey y not become a fan ?? 
Fear not when , fear not why , fear not much while were alive , life is for living not living up tight , 
chillin .... really want this truck 
GO RAVENS !!!!!!!!! 
watchin da cardinals game 
HOW DO YOU MISSSS THAT FIELD GOAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
good morning 
lookin at things i need < PROPFEMALE > buy .... man it < PROPFEMALE > kes money to make money 
had a good night meet some cool new people 
is happy .... because today the cowboys will be crushed by the vikings 
watchin the cowboys be demolished is pleasurable 
< PROPFIRST > won !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! last week lol .... but dis week they wer crushed by vikings 34-3 ...... footballs a mans game so da cowBOYS should just quit now 
its hard to wait for something that may never happen ..... but its hader to give up on wat your waiting for since its all u ever really wanted 
loves kids 
GOOD MORNIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And happy FRIDAY today will be a good day :) 
had a great day 
just got out da shower and feels good 
wonders if it was possible to dig a hole straight down from one side of the earth to the other .... wat would happen at the end of the hole ? would have to climb out or would u fall out ? 
a good night .... saw a good friend ... < PROPMALE > wit brandon ... and < PROPMALE > and his peoples 
had a good night .... saw a good friend ... < PROPMALE > wit brandon ... and < PROPMALE > and his peoples 
helpin my cousin study for his electrical test 
scratch that doin things for the tlc facebook now .... fan it !!! 
finally done doin all this research .... wish i coulda chilled wit my friend more ..... night facebook .... headed home 
Drawin some plans 
is ready 
is greatful for certain people in my life .... thanks 
ladies do u like it when a guy chases after you ???.... if so why ? 
Deep in thought 
waitin for my cousin or his fam < PROPFEMALE > pick up der phone .... f the snow 
lol anyone wanna go sleddin ? 
pickin up my cousin den workin on da basement 
bein a pyro 
has decided blue is my favorite color ... and that fire is the coolest thing ever 
downloadin and workin wit cad :) 
F the snow !! does anyone agree ? 
doesnt know which if any famous person i look like 
go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , then copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments 
you dont have to be asleep < PROPFEMALE > have dreams :) 
life 
call in the mornin just to say morning ...... call midway thru the day just < PROPFEMALE > see how her day is goin ..... and never let a night pass wit out sayin good night 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is now a MASTER ELECTRICIAN ....... CONGRATS CUZ !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hates that im bringin someone to work who calls all day to make sure their open den once wer half way there they call her < PROPFEMALE > say their closed ! 
anyone wanna go sleddin on sunday ? 
is thinkin bout someone i wanna tlk to but cant 
drakes got money < PROPFEMALE > Blow ... well i got snow to blow oh oh oh .. uh ohh ohh 
LETS GO SAINTS !!!!!!!! F da Colts 
Gettin Ready for the superbowl ..... LETS GO SAINTS .... F dem gay colts 
lol budwiser is not that good 
now < PROPMALE > light is eyeight 
6-10 ..... come on saints u can get dis 
yes onside kick SAINTS BALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ha ha ha missed fieldgoal .... colts suck .... come on saints 
SAINTS IN DA LEAD BABY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! F dem colts 
down by contact dats 2 points !!!! 
who dat !!!! saints DAT ........... superbowl champs baby !!!!! 
appreciate wat you have ... it can all be gone in an instant ... nothin is promised ... as long as you have the necessities ... and people around you that love you ... be happy 
If anyone can help cleanin up the damage from the fire tomorrow please let me know .... well need help around 11 ..... txt or call my cell if you can help .... 8048984436 
lowes or home depot early ... night 
gettin my cad software ordered today ... :) .... happy 
listin < PROPFEMALE > some r&b and readin da meanin of flowers 
Hooked up my first can lights today :) i feel accomplished 
Why am I hear . and why are you ? Does god care ? Does he even see the sufferin im goin thru ? And if so why am I left alone ? If I was suppose to be good wouldn good things be shown ? But my good is all unknown . I know im not perfect of this I wont lie . But to be right why should I not always try . But how will I be right if I am always wrong in others eyes . 
shower 
is listin < PROPFEMALE > drake radio .... and workin on designs 
is designin the tlc general contractors website 
feels accomplished :) ... waiting on my hosting to finish 
is headed back to the hotel 
bowlin tonight 
bowling 10-1 at < PROPFEMALE > lanes 13.50 for 3 hours ... come on out 
tacobell or stop shop ? 
tired but trying to finish this site 
wats everyone up to today ? 
had a pretty good night 
Its hot ! 
Hey please check out the TLC general contractors page . its under my links . Please fan it :) thanks 
is constantly surprised at how wrong and uncaring people can be 
Lookin for a navigation for my car . any one know where i can find a cheap one . 
Feels good this mornin . happy sunday ! 
Had a great day wit four great girls 
Was cravin chinese and now i have it 
We now have POWER ! :) 
Goin to see death at a funeral friday night . anyone wanna go ? 
Is greatful that my cousin is teachin and has taught me how to do electrical work\\n 
Happy friday ! :) 
pissed off 
Thinks i had more fun spendin time wit my five lil cousins then i would had by myself this weekend . thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . happy eleventh anniversary ! :) 
is wonderin y \its complicated\ " is a relationship status ..... cause to me its simple ..... either your with somebody or your not ..... their either wit you or their not .... wats so complicated ? " 
the truth is something you have to see with your own eyes . its easy to find so why is it that we believe its in disguise ? 
Is unforeseen 
Has realized wat my friends keep tellin me is true 
Hmmm 
Has way to much runnin thru my mind 
Lets make today a good day . 
HAPPY FRIDAY ! MEDICATION ROCKS ! AND TODAY WILL BE A GOOD DAY :) 
TODAY was a great day and toNight was GREATER ! 
You learn alot about your friends when you ask them if they can help you out wit somethin and the first thing they say is '' is there any money involved '' 
cousins mixtape is HOT !!! 
www.myspace.com/wearebipolar please check it out 
Twenty four hour work day . nice . can we go for forty eight ? 
wanna here some hot music ? check ot www.myspace.com/wearebipolar 
Rain is a good thing :) 
Prom was amazing ! once in a life time . glad i got to go :) 
Happy tuesday :) 
Any one not doin nothin wanna make some money ? 
hmmm will today be a good day ? 
they say it's all about perception ...... so wat do you percieve 
lost all my phone con < PROPFEMALE > cts so if yaa want me < PROPFEMALE > have ur number please hit me up 8048984436 
lost all my phone contcts .... hit me up if you wnt me to haaave your number 
wat tonight could have been 
grade A BS 
lol 
I just wanna say I hate dept 
Is Thinkin about .... and grateful for certain people in my life 
Is lovin the weather today ! 
Today was a good day :) 
At brandens for a < PROPFEMALE > then cookin out wit da fam 
Good mornin :) 
First night trainin was GREAT !!!! 
Happy friday 
Lol is havin to much fun today 
Feels like goin to the movies 
Courthouse for fireworks later .... see ya there 
Last night was cool ..... saw a bunch of old friends .... den one heck of a time watchin fireworks at colonial beach 
To d@ #n hot today ! 
Time < PROPFEMALE > workout again 
Lebron in miami ! Hell yea !!!!!! 
Happy Friday ! 
Predators comew out today .... must see 
Predators comes out today .... must see 
There are many things people notice ..... do u look deep enough to see the things other miss ? 
two facts there's To much damn runnin in soccer and dis is a hell of a world cup 
Two facts there's to much runnin in soccer and dis is a hell of a world cup 
Loves holdin babies as they fall asleep 
fb photo upload sucks right now 
check the t.l.c general contractor < PROPFEMALE > new photos 
i got so many tricks .... im like a < PROPFIRST > freestyle 
dancin is some real cardio 
if life is like a movie den i deserve a < PROPFIRST > 
Had a fun time playin uno even if I did lose the whole time ..... ( lol wow as someone comments my post b4 I upload it ) 
At the flyin spurills game 
FOOD !!!! 
Anyone looking for a job ? 
Hola 
Rlly ? U idiot y try to steal my phone while I'm lookin at it and ur at work ? Oh well had a great convo wit my close friend < PROPMALE > mccamely ... caught up on a lot ... miss ya nigga 
Rlly ? U idiot y try to steal my phone while I'm lookin at it and ur at work ? Oh well had a great convo wit my close friend < PROPMALE > Mccamely ... caught up on a lot ... missd ya nigga 
Nedds to party 
Bored as hell gettin out the house ... wats good ? 
swiming 
I wanna be a billionare so frikin bad 
Plans 4 da weekend ? 
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true 
Asalamalakim and alafres 
Headed to work ... its pissin ! 
Good time wit my niggas las night ... we gonna start doin dat once a month . 
Wats everyone doin Friday ? 
It is so much easier < PROPFEMALE > get up and go to work when you know your gonna make some money ! 
long night at the lake ... dont think im gonna go home tonight ... ima sleep under da stars unless it rains lol den ima sleep in a < PROPFIRST > ha ha 
think im done 
what should I get for lunch 
even doe its rainin today was a hell of a day :) 
call of duty 
happy Friday ! 
Any one wanna go < PROPFEMALE > aff tonight 
gbjahbv \ 
vvsl\ 
osbxyivvgbubghvlmvojbvoovohovvyiyn 
Wat to do tonight 
I'm feelin like a < PROPFEMALE > you can't stop my shine ... I'm ridin cloud 9 my s in da sky 
phones dead 
ha ha < PROPMALE > means \wealthy\ " origin is \ " persian \"" 
act as if you cant fail 
ne 1 wanna go swimmin ? 
i hate when someone ask you for somethin and you say \Why\ " and der response is \ " cuz i need it \"" 
Chinese food ! 
Is it just me or does chinese food taste better the nxt day ? 
how no matter wat we gotta make the bst out of life 
spotsy vs massaponax tonight ! 
spotsy vs ponax ... come on spotsy !!!!!! i say we party ! win or lose 
BOWLIN TONIGHT !!!!!!!!!!! hit me up 
\its true love so dis nigga aint fakin ....... i swear keep it poppin\ 
NERRK 
Sarahi < PROPFEMALE > Diaz HACKINGG !!! Besties for lifeee my nigga til ' death do us part ^_^ miss you and luvzzz youuuu !!!! <3 
lol some people take facebook way to seriously 
Good morning :) 
Is beyond tireds of working for nothing 
At < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > national park .... its a beautiful day 
FOOTBALL SUNDAY ! 
LETS GO DOLPHINS !!!!!!!!!! 
phins won ... clda done better ... but good start to the season :) 
Let's go skins ! 
Lol I'm no football expert but it appears < PROPFEMALE > me that the skins are spankin cowboy ass ! 
enjoyed da skins game .... spanked dat cowboy ass shoulda been a shutout ..... but least we won .... cowboy fans where r u and ya shit tlkin now ? 
has figured out y the cowboys held da skins all night ... DEY WANTED TO BE AS CLOSE TO GREATNESS AS POSSIBLE 
Any one wanna work tomorrow ...... you'll be paid as soon as the day is over 
Good mornin ... hopefully today is a good day 
Tht avatar girl is the best EVER ! 
Hates when u think u can trust some1 and they prove u wrong ..... worried 
Its FRIDAY ! Let's get it poppin like da grease from some bacon lol 
YES SIR !!!!! 2 and 0 miami had a nice win ove da vikins .... defense is BEAST !! but we need < PROPFEMALE > score more 
52 degrees early in da mornin ..... gotta love it ! 
Ne one down < PROPFEMALE > ride < PROPFEMALE > powha < PROPFEMALE > n wit me in da am ? 
Phins vs jets ... LET'S GO PHINS ! 
Don't make the best of your past ..... let the past make the best of you 
Rainy days suck ass 
Quote of the day .... If I cared wat others thought of me ... my ways would have been changed long ago ..... but I have not changed therfor I do not give a fuk .... 
is over dis 
A husband and wife were trying to set up a new password for their\ 
computer . Her husband put ' mypenis ' and the wife fell on the ground\ 
laughing cause it said , \Error . Not long enough . \"" 
Note to the ladies .... Good guys do exist .... few of us are takin ... most of you jus get distracted wit the\ 
bad boys .... us good guys aint always da most paid ,,,, da coolest or da\ 
bst lookin ... but we definently out here 
lol is enjoying my facebook convo wit < PROPFEMALE > smith and < PROPFEMALE > visconti 
lol is enjoying my facebook convo wit < PROPFEMALE > Smith and < PROPFEMALE > Visconti 
today sucks 
hw do u drop tht pass > ? 
phins suckd tonight ..... vry dis appointed 
bored 
has a idea ;) 
br 
where uv been does not have to be where you are 
ne 1 got im ? 
im not new to the game i jus chose not to play 
wants to play poker ... whos down ? 
is craving some dairy queen ... ne1 wanna go ? 
doin accents and havin fun on skype 
out 
what I'm dealing with is too real for me to comment on\ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > finally got it through my head not to run my mouth\ 
so when you talk bout \you know who\ " I don't know who you talkin ' bout " 
cant wait to get away .... ten more days den florida ... ne one else down ? 
comedy show was hiliarius .... erik was funny as hell 
life is a beach .... im jus playin in da sand 
time to head to work ... out 
It's true love\ 
When you say you need me like I need you\ 
And you can't be without me\ 
Like I can't be without you\ 
When we spend time talking on the phone\ 
Cause when we're not around each other we don't want to be alone\ 
Just believe me truthfully cause\ 
Love is never ever makin you cry\ 
Before I tell you a lie\ 
I'll give my life\ 
Cause that true love 
It's true love When you say you need me like I need youAnd you can't be without me Like I can't be without you It's true love When we spend time talking on the phone\ 
Don't you know it's good to be in love Just believe me truthfully cause Love is never ever makin you cryBefore I tell you a lieI'll give my life Cause that true love 
adoption ... ppls thoughts ? 
WOW THAT WAS AMAZING !!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5mJD3JFSd0 
my attitude is celibit 
out htc 
likes my new job description and wat the future may hold 
I AM D-FACILITATOR !!!!!!! lol 
i didn picture life bein dis fukd uP 
shout out to the real niggas ... there aint many of us left 
shes not a hoe ... she just cares about the community lol 
Just keep fightin’ for our lovin’ baby , I’ll defend it too\ 
And if they try and tell me time is money I’d spend it with you I spend it all I spend it all\ 
I charge forever , to my card And pay it off , no interest lost 
miami come on ... can we please get a td ? 
whats everyone doin friday ? 
do you ask questions or make answers ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Brooke ... i like that your house trained 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Kilgore i like that yal are hose trained :) 
come on phins !! 
Eagles are spankin that ass ! :) 
i would just like to take a moment to say .... fuck you .... fuck all you fake friends fuck all you bitches fuck all you hoes and fuck all you pussy ass niggas ... i dont give a fuck anymore 
id rather have my dreams wit my eyes wide open 
got money in my pocket and more on my mind . 
Women are magnificent creations 
Lmfao some relationships amuse me 
I think its sad that alot of people will wait to be nice to others until christmas time . 
watchin the skins .... come on can we get into the endzone please 
Facebook question ... what is love ? 
Wat does everyone want for christmas ? \\n 
Lets get to it 
I just wanna say eagles gonna spank that ass 
live life ... love life ... fuck everything else 
For all your building , plumbing , electrical and renovation work . use T.L.C. GENERAL CONTRACTORS . 
R . A . P Real Artistic Poetry 
hmmm us guys always say we know wat women want .... but this time ima ask the girls ..... wat do you want ? 
women wat do you want ? 
Eclipse tonight :) 
My good out way the bad god aint that what really matter ? 
Dance central for the kinect is the best game ever ! 
I love a nasty girl who swallow whats on the menu 
Whether your a ravens or steelers fan you gotta admit that was a hell of a game 
Man what and unexpected outcome to todays games 
The seahawks recievers cant even catch a cold today lol 
sometimes it is good to be a skeptic otherwise you would live soley off the words of others 
Any one stuck in the snow ? 
Can't wait for the weekend ... comedy club . Dancin and bowlin and goin out to eat wit friends ... hurry up friday 
Bingo is fun 
Girls want to be desired . Pursued appreciated and valued .... do they realize guys want that to ? 
Wat do you want for valentines day ? 
The fruit don't far fall from the tree .... unless the tree is on a hill 
Money can't buy happines ...... but its a damn good down payment 
Ha this check in thing on fb is pretty cool 
Lovin the good weather ... tomorrow is Friday ... and its gonna b 70 ! 
< PROPFEMALE > laughs comedy club ! 
House to myself for 8days ! This is gonna be fun 
Family is gone to < PROPFEMALE > for the week ! House to myself time to relax 
Had a great weekend .... Friday Saturday and now Sunday all great ! 
Wants a sub from stopshop 
Good work , money and a new truck in the near future 
Needs somethin to do tonight 
trust is something that should be earned not just givin ... and should never be taken for granted 
how does it work between a midget man and a regular girl ?? like really hes got < PROPFEMALE > climb out ya pussy and up the bed < PROPFEMALE > suck on ya titties 
Has now been at work 36 hours .. 
I would just like to say to all you people who tell someone that an idea is stupid or can't be done FUCK YOU anything is possible 
Good weather .. good people ... good conversation and good beer equals a heck of a day 
Hey anyone majoring in film hit me up .. I have information about a 5000 dollar competition you might . Be interested in 
Been up since Monday at 657am ... who needs sleep .? And < PROPFEMALE > be workin around a viper . m6 . And a classic m3 lovin it 
Man last night was the shit ... comics we're funny as hell .. and club was poppin 
Workin thru the night again ... feelin good 
Why do more for someone else in there willing to do for you 
Done doing more for others than they'll do for me 
Today is gonna be a good day 
Id rather live my life to the absolute fullest rather than conduct myself in a certain way to gain approval from others I have no regrets and no apologies 
Fuck today nothin but bullshit 
