And now I must bid you Aideu . Goodnight and good luck 

finally in Philipsburg . So quiet . 
Current temp : -15 and falling\ 
Today's high : -6 
has found her new favorite song . Love You to Death by Kamelot . 
I sang to a banana under your bed because the voices told me to ! 
Just cut my hair about 6 inches shorter . It feels so weird ! 
Jsu spilled mint tea everywhere while trying to do my math . grrrrrr !!!! 
Yesterday we went and saw Avatar . Personally I loved it even though people say it is \Dances with wolves with Smurfs \"" 
Well . This weekend I went camping at Georgetown lake . Went swimming and skiing and made our own meals . Needless to say it was cold . 1st night it got down to 16 BELOW . 2nd night it was 23 below !!! we got over 100 Frost points which is good ... I guess . 
I love the sun . Do do do do . 
It snowed today ! then it melted . 
I am going crazy . I have Biology , Math , English AND Latin due tomorrow !!! >:| 
Being sick sucks ! 
Everyone should become a fan of the Poverello Center . We should try and win the competition and beat the other high schools . 
Glad to be in P-burg . Yesterday my sister and i went exploring and ended up flinging mud in a mud bog . < PROPMALE > was here but had to go to work today but will be back tonight . Hopefully we will get to dye Easter eggs today ! Happy Easter Everyone ! 
I camped out last night in the yard and woke up to 2 inches of snow . 
Just got in from our night time easter egg hunt . We had flashlights that were on flash and we had to search for eggs that way . Unfortunately we were stumbling around like drunks . We also shot < PROPMALE>'s Golf Ball Cannon . I'll try to upload the video but I'm not sure how . Happy Easter Everyone . 
DOes anyone have the english questions ? I lost my book ! 
well hopefully this afternoon we will head out to Bass Creek Campground . It is awespme up there but first I have to get my homework done :( 
got up at four to leave at 5:30 for golf . We managed to ge to Bridger Creek at 8:55 . We teed off at 9 . I am very tired . 
Can anyone send me the news and history notes ?!?!?! 
My family is hosting a < PROPMALE > shoals singing thingy . What they sing are sea shanties . If anyone wants to come it is at 4:30 todayat our house . 
If i ever made you laugh or smile , click \like\ " and then set this as your status and see how many you get . " 
I got varsity in golf . Yay ! 
Can someone please send me the requirements for english ?!?!?!?!?!?!?! I'm startin to freak out . 
Currently I am traveling back from a gun competion near forsyth . I am under a storm that has produced two funnel clods . One was in billings . 
Well right now I am at NC . This weekend is the flour riot . 
Well I got new glasses yesterday and they came with a bright red case . 
Today I am finally heading to P-burg !!!!! I plan to fish everyday . 
is back from P-burg and not looking forward to wednesday . 
Just got back from camping at < PROPFEMALE > Island . We had lots of fun . Unfortunately the bears had gotten into some trash from people having parties so we had to go around and pick it up .. 
YAY ! Tomorrow is my birthday party even though my actual birthday is on tuesday . We're going to she the movie with the owls then go to the maze sorta near Big Sky . 
Does anyone know a good movie to bring to latin ? If you have it bring it to class . 
Put this as yourstatus if you know , or are related to someone killed on Gallifrey when it was destroyed during the Time War . I wish for people to understand that the Daleks are a psychotic bunch of xenophobes and that the TimeLords want only to bring order to Casterborous . 93% ......... wont ... copy/paste this . Will YOU !? Make this your status for at least onehour , preferably progressing forwards through time . 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by\ 
looking at your wall quickly . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My\ 
first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Something I've\ 
always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . A weird nickname . 8 . Challenge you to post this ! 
Can anyone send me a list of honors Frankenstein vocab 1 . I really need it !!! 
Also , does anyone have a pirate hat ? 
Well I got 3rd and Speech last night . One of our expos rounds started an hour late !! Had lots of fun though . 
I have decided to buy the Nook . 
I have decided to get a Nook . Any who are opposed to this speak now or forever hold your peace . 
did not do it ... you can't prove it ... there were no witnesses ... the sheep were lying ... I refuse to acknowledge that the goats were involved at all ... 
I am so excited about winning yesterday ! 
is excited to go do nothing for two days at science olypiad 
Does anyone have hte english assignments for the past 2 classes ? 
Do we have a math assignment due ? If we do please let me know what it is ! 
Not looking forward to a 4:45 AM departure tommorrow . 
is atching the total eclipse of the < PROPFEMALE > . This is the first time in centuries that it is a full < PROPFEMALE > and on the winter solstice . 
Holy cow . WE got 5-6 inches of snow in one day . 
So we're plaaying Apples to Apples . I pulled up Spiritual . To of my options are wheat or ghosts . So basically I have a choice between the Holy Host or the Holy Ghost . Hmmm ? 
Can anyone tell me what our homework was from Friday ? 
Does anyone know the assignments from thursday and friday ? 
Well I just watched \O\ " and that is one messed up movie . I can't believe Mrs. < PROPMALE > told us to watch it . " 
I get to sell 50-50 tickets at the Maulers game tonight for my 4H club . 
The 4H ambassadors are putting on a winter carnival at two today . anyone can come . 
Aoccdrnig to rscheearch at Cmabrigde uinervtisy , it deosn't mttaer waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are , the olny iprmoetnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteres are at the rghit pclae . The rset can be a tatol mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit a porbelm . Tihs is bcuseae we do not raed ervey lteter by it slef but the wrod as a wlohe . Amzanig 
Well I went bowling tonight and broke 100 . I also won . Considering I have never broke like 50 I'd say it was a pretty good night . 
Corned beef and Cabbage for dinner . Yum . 
