Happy New Year All ! Time for resolutions .......... mine is to not make resolutions . They never end well . :) 

At Math Item Writing in < PROPFEMALE > for the week , woke up with pink eye and my phone got ran over in parking lot last night ! UGH . I need summer to start ! 
I hate being away from my family ! I need to snuggle Livi , hug < PROPFEMALE > , wrestle < PROPMALE > , and kiss my wonderful husband ! Sigh .............. only 23 more hours til I am home . 
Livi did a scary thing on Saturday ! Two hours before her first birthday party she through a fit and as she sat on the floor crying because she couldn't chew on plastic ( mean mom ! ) she turned blue , stopped breathing , and her eyes rolled back in her head . S 
was a little dazed . I never knew that this is VERY common . I learned babies can have a fit and hold their breath until they pass out , but then wake back up and have no side effects . I think I lost four years off my life with this experience . I am definite 
Peaceful night at home with my husband and Livi . We just did Wii Fit . Started the 30-Day challenge . It was fun and sweaty ! 
Exhausted ...... Livi has been sick , so no rest for the weary ! Bed at 7 sounds good . 
It sucks .... I get on here and read about all the fun people are having over the summer and I am jealous ! Work all week and classes all weekend . No helicopter rides , family trips , scrapbooks ! :( 
So relieved ! The coworker we were worried about turned out to be just fine ! Wrong person in paper and wrong information given by the funeral home . One day of mourning for a stranger makes you fully appreciate the people in your life that you love and resp 
Ahhh a great day ! A 5 mile walk with Livi and < PROPFEMALE > , found a new < PROPFEMALE > for our family . He is pitiful ..... missing his lower lip and was terribly dirty and hungry .... but we gave him a bath .... yes , a cat bath ! and now he is shiny , happy , full , and quite handsome ! Even without all his lip . Then had a great dinner with the in-laws and great grandma ! Now movie time and snuggles from the baby an husband ...... ahhhhh .... 
The only vacation we had this summer due to summer school was our 40 hour trip to Great Wolf Lodge ( the indoor water park ...... aka germ heaven ) . Imagine 300 hundred strangers bathing together ! Yuck . The facilitities were remarkably clean considering and the kids had a blast . < PROPFIRST > and I spent 40 hours chasing Livi around on wet concrete ! Exhaustion ..... ( I just needed to complain a bit ! ) 
Feeling sad that there are so many followers in the world ...... not enough people willing to take risks to make a difference ! 
have a mess to clean up ..... took kids school clothes shopping in Seattle this weekend ...... have tons to unpack and laundry to do . I spent hours chasing Livi all over the place . She is fast ! Thinking I should be super in shape with the baby aerobics ! HAH ! Life is cruel ....... but funny .... very very funny .... :) 
WOW ! Great first day of school ! I have a wonderful PAWS class ..... already love them . Things went smoothly , new vice principal seems very nice ..... 
Home Now ! Open House was a great success ! Lots of happy students , parents , and teachers ............. GO TEAM ! :) 
YEA !! < PROPMALE>'s football team won today . 14-6 . Go East Valley Apaches !!!! ( It was a bit < PROPFEMALE > though ..... ) 
In Seattle at a great training ! I love working with highly-engaged professionals to improve educational practice . Go team ! We have lots to share when we get back and the conversation , personal and professional , has been stimulating and thought provoking . Yea ! I love my work . 
Livi got tubes in her ears today ! Hopefully this will mean an end to the 3-month-long ear infection . Sleep be with us .............. 
Had to work today ( actually drive to T-T own) ! If I survive my principal intership , I think I should get a trip to Hawaii ! ** Hint , Hint ** 
Today was a great day ! Our M.E.L.T. ( Math Educational Leadership Team ) met and we had a high output , emotionally satisifying , intellectually stimulating professional development session ! My favorite . I love this job . :) Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > for all your dedication to our students AND your professional , can-do winning attitudes ! I am proud to be part of MELT . < PROPFEMALE > Parrish-Frederiksen 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
I think I need to even out my word usage for all 3 children ! So here goes : < PROPFEMALE > cleaned her room today ! It took 3 bags of \garbage\ " and 3 bags for Goodwill ..... But < PROPFEMALE > has a clean room now . Yeay .... < PROPFEMALE >...< PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPMALE > played video games a little too much today and he desperately needs a haircut . " 
But , < PROPMALE > is doing a great job using his new toothbrush he got for Christmas ! Nice clean teeth < PROPMALE > ! I love , love , love < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and Livi ! Now I wonder how many times I posted their names ....? 
Happy New Year to all my Facebook friends ! Be safe and have a great time . 
First day back from vacation and tired ! Will have to build up stamina again for these early mornings ........ 
Purple ! 
I am so excited ! I think the new series of Grey's Anatomy starts tonight !! Yea . I need a TV distraction from life . :) 
Put this on your status if you know someone who has or had cancer !!! * All I want for the New Year is a CURE ! *93% won't copy and paste this ... will YOU ?!?!?! 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? ? 
Ladies , our red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and nude bra colors made the news tonight . Facebook doesn't know who started it , but the < PROPFEMALE > G . Komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall - if you participated in the Bra Color Game2 hours ago 
I did the macerena with a pickle under your bed because I think I need some serious help ! :{ 
Got the dining room and kitchen painting finished . Rehung all wall stuff and all is back in it's place . Now my compulsions feel more in check ! LOL Can't stand things out of place . 
If you believe your children are amongst God's greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and give them a hug ! I ? Kids ! 
from urbandictionary.com A very sexy , sophisticated women . Someone that knows what they want and can get it . Can also mean a sophisticated bitch . < PROPFEMALE > is very nice and caring towards everyone and she always has a smile on her face no matter what and even though she doesn't know it she is very beautiful and smart . Wow , < PROPFEMALE > is such a < PROPFEMALE > . The sexiest girl in the world ! I agree ... lol 
Yucky day ..... home sick with a fever of 102 and body aches . So lame because I had too much to do today and it hurts to move ! :( 
Just got back from date night with < PROPFIRST > ! Went to see Avenue Q at the Capitol Theatre . It was fabulous ! Advertised as Pornographic Puppetry ............ but that description sold it short . It had a great message , the performers were fabulous , and it only had one risqué scene , which was hilarious ! < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > give it too thumbs up ! Here is to liberal , liberal arts in Yakima ! Loving it ........... 
Livi's new favorite word is Owi ! Everything is an Owi . ( not sure how to spell owi ... ) Apparently , she is in a lot of pain as of late . 
I finished every one of my principle internship requirements this week ! Over a 100 pages of written responses and 740 hours logged . Now I just need signatures and I am a certificated principal ! YEA 
We had a great professional learning community today ! The math team rocks ! Let's see the reading people give up spring break days for collaboration ! 
Just bought tickets for Lilith Fair , July 3rd at the Gorge . < PROPFEMALE > McLachlan , Dido , Sugarland ..... and many more ! Buy your tickets and we can all go ! YEA .... that would be so fun . 
Hey Everyone ! I am looking for a responsible babysitter for a evenings and weekends . I want to start date night again ( yes .... with < PROPFIRST > , don't start any wild rumors ) and perhaps more social outings . ( < PROPFIRST > - you can always have first dibs . ) Does anyone have a great babysitter or know anyone ???? We live in Moxee ...... 
Home sick ..... so boring ! 
Hey Lady . My same phone number works . the 494 ..... I got your message , but it has been crazy busy . I am going to call you tomorrow . We have conferences ..... so will have time between 12 and 4 . I miss you . I want to meet you grandbaby ! 
I am so excited ! I planted tomatoes , green beans , sweet peas , peppers , lettuce , spinach , cucumbers , watermelons , and strawberries . Not to mention azaleas , petunias , gladiolas , daisies , lilacs , forynthias , and so many things I cannot name . The garden looks beautiful and I am ready for nice weather . Where is the nice weather ????? 
A true friend can go long periods of time \ 
without speaking and never question their friendship . And pick up like \ 
they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ \ 
REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one . Love you Marler ! 
Funny Moment : < PROPFIRST > , Livi , and I are in Wenatchee tonight at the Comfort Suites ( I have a committee meeting in the morning ) and we went to the pool . We brought suits but did not pack a swim diaper ( all moms know what this is .. ) Livi got out of the pool with the most gigantic rear-end imaginable . It made her walk funny ! Too hilarious ..... of course we got pics . Will share .... after I figure out how . 
The countdown until Hawaii : Wednesday .... Thursday .. Friday .... Saturday ..... SUNDAY ! Can't wait ! 
Havaii is Heaven ! ( I learned that native Havaiians want their name back .... not Hawaii but Havaii ! ) Day 1 - snorkeling in bay - so many beautiful fish I cannot remember them all . Day 2 - Volcano trip - hiked to lava flows , through a lava tube , to the crater of the volcano . Day 3 - Coffee plaintation tour , black sand beach relaxation , cultural exhibit and hula demo , snorkeling at Place of Refuge . 
A sea turtle loved us and insisted on swimming with us most of the day . Day 4 - Day swimming at the white sand beach with fish . Luau in the evening with fire dancers . Day 5 - Swim with dolphins , snorkeling at Capt Cook Bay . Day 6 - Plan to horseback ride through the mountains and swim in waterfalls . Day 7 - Shopping , beach , and airplane home . 
The worst plan ever : Take a night flight home so you can supposedly sleep on the plane ! Between the baby screaming , the old man snoring at 80 decibels , and the rude lady next to me who insisted on folding her legs into her airplane seat so that most of her body had to me in mine , even the hope of comfort was not possible . The worst part about vacation is the getting there/getting home part . Time travel would ne nice . 
Fun weekend ! Great time at BarBQ with work friends , lots of relaxing time today in the sunshine , and tomorrow - more of that ! 
I got a new job ! ESD 105 Math Coordinator ............. very exciting ! But sad too cause I will miss my peeps at Toppenish ! :) :( 
Ok .... first day of summer vacation BUT Livi was up at 5:42 am . What the heck ??? 
Happy Father's Day Fathers ! Another great reason to BarBQ !!! 
Livi had a great 2nd B-day .... Lots of food , family , and friends . She had a blast riding in her new Toyota < PROPFEMALE > jeep with < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > would push the gas and no one would steer ! Good Times ............. 
Heading to the Twilight extravaganza ! I am not sure I can sit for 7 hours at a movie ..... at least I will have good company ! :) 
Outdoor movie night ............. Wednesday July 7th ....... at my house . We will project the movie Letters to < PROPFEMALE > on the side of my house , have smores over the firepit , and popcorn from the machine ! Open Invitation . Movie starts as soon as it is dark enough .... thinking about 9:45 pm . Bring your own beverage and a blanket to sit on . 509 Saddle Mtn Street , Moxee . Confirmed guests so far : < PROPFEMALE > Weddle , < PROPFEMALE > Mukasa .... 
Off to Lilith Fair ! Yea !!! 
Movie Night Reminder : Tonight about 8:30 pm ..... three choices - Where the Wild Things Are , When in Rome , and Shutter Island . We will vote ! All are invited . Bring own beverage , snacks , and blanket to sit on . Message me and I will send the address . 
< PROPFEMALE > Mallonee just made me walk/run 2 < PROPMALE > at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > . We have an appointment to do it again tomorrow . I will thank her in 20 pounds when it doesn't feel like my rearend will fall off with each trot ! LOL Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Popcorn - check ! < PROPFEMALE > - check ! Soda - check ! Comfy Chairs - check ! Company of Good People - check ! Outdoor movie night a great success !!!!!! So much fun . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , Kaydee , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . We will definitely be planning another one of these nights . 
Yard Sale Prep Sucks ! n I now why I haven't had one of these in a long time . Lots of work . But ..... any yard salers , Saturday July 10th only 6 am until 3pm . All stuff must go ! Saddle Mtn St Moxee 
Today was day #2 of running with < PROPFEMALE > . It still hurt as bad but this time we made it further uphill . I asked her when does it start to feel good and she said \day #20 \ " . I think she made that number up but we will see . My quadriceps are so sore I can't sit without groaning . :) Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! See you tomorrow at 6:30 am . " 
Day #3 Running - Very sore . We walked most of the way .... ran the uphill stretch . < PROPFEMALE > made it farther than I did . UGH ! Can't wait for day #20 . :) 
Yea ! We just got back from the Train concert . Never been to the Maryhill Winery and Amphitheatre . Very nice ! Great concert . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for the tickets . 
Found the greatest place ! Blueberry Hill in Terrace Heights . You pick blueberries off the bush . We got 9 lbs . for $15 . It was fun . The kids all got to pick . It is located on Mieras Rd . Open from 6pm until 9 pm . until July 25th . It makes a neat evening of fun . 
Thank you for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
OutDoor Movie Night #2 - July 24th ( Saturday ) , 9 pm , My house in Moxee ( email for directions ) All are invited ! Bring your own blanket , beverage , and desired snack . Children are welcome ! < PROPFEMALE > M - Can you bring the projector again ? 
No apologies necessary ladies ! Movie night and other social events hosted are for fun as people are able . No pressure to attend , just people getting together and enjoying each others company when it fits in their schedule . We will host more events soon and you are always invited ! 
Ok ... just had the best/worst thing ever ! Warm chocolate chip cookies with vanilla ice cream . Wondering how many of those it takes to equal 30 pounds !??? UH OH 
Evening Excitement ! Livi drank Tiki torch fuel for dessert and we had to call poison control ! Found out it is a hydrocarbon that is not digested . The concern is with aspiration in lungs that results in a chemical pneumonia that can develop in a couple of days . They advised drinking milk , eating bread , and remaining upright for 2 hours . So all should be fine . 
FREE CHILDREN'S BOOKS : Does anyone need/know of anyone who needs a boxes of baby/kid books ? We have too many and I am packing boxes for Goodwill , but thought I would give this a try . We probably have 200 and we only need about 50 . We bought more and more and I did not realize I had hundreds from when < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > were little . 
Insomnia sucks .................... 
Movie Night #3 - Family favorite - GOONIES . August 14th at 9:00 pm . This will be our last one for the year . Hope everyone can come ! Email and I will send directions . Children welcome . 
Made it through my first week at my new job . The week ended on a high-note - great team day , my cubicle ( cubby ) looks cute , and had a great lunch with < PROPFEMALE > today ! Now time for some relaxing and Hop Festin ! Have a great weekend to all my facebook friends !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Slid down the huge slide .... twice . Bounced in the bouncy house .... three times . Picture taken on the pony .... once . Dancing at main stage ....... numerous times . Cotton < PROPFEMALE > , funnel cakes , lemonade . Long walk home ! Livi had a blast at Hop Festival 2010 . 
Today is one of those days when I just feel like doing NOTHING ! Is that ok facebook friends ? A day of lazy abandon .................. 
I gotta feeling .... Woohoo .... tonights gonna be a good night , tonight's going be a good , good night ..... woohooo ........ 
Sorry . We have to cancel Outdoor Movie Night tomorrow . Livi has an ear infection and sleep has been a struggle . Look forward to the reschedule soon ! 
I am thinking that we need to have a Woman's Wellness Night every two weeks . We can focus on building supportive relationships while doing the work of personal growth and self-awareness . It could take on many forms and tasks , but all should be fun , supportive , and empowering . Any Ideas ???? Feedback from the masses ? Would anyone be interested in a group of this sort ?? 
Husband is gone to sleep clinic for sleep study and Livi is spending the night at nanas . I have the whole huge bed to myself ! I am going to read in bed , smush all the pillows around me in the center , and take all the blankets ! YES ! 
Facebook Friends : What do you think ? How long would you have been grounded for if you used a firestarter and a can of hairspray to make a flame thrower used to entertain your overnight guests with in your bedroom ? Lets say you repeated the stunt at least 7 times until your parents were jolted awake by the fire alarm ? Is this normal 10 year-old behavior ? I am just glad everyone still has their skin ! 
Taking my first online class ever ! It is weird how you can be \in\ " class and on facebook at the same time ! :) True multi-tasking .... " 
Summer is gone ..... Spent the morning watching football in the < PROPFEMALE > rain ! And then we lost too . :( 
I bought a 75 lb punching bag this weekend ! It has been so much fun kicking it's a#@ !! 
The pressure is on ! Time to go punch the punching bag ....... :( 
A great day at the fair ! Weather was beautiful and the place was packed . Livi loved it even though she was turned away from all the rides cause she was still too small . :( 
...... seconds after the snap of the ball .... you see a red/black streak across the line and smash the opponent ( not sure of the names of the positions ... I am just learning ) and behold .... it is number 75 !! < PROPMALE > Hursh with the tremendous tackle ...... Way to Go < PROPMALE > !!!!! He's so great he never gets to rest . Both offensive and defensive , his work is never done . 
Ok ... I have to brag some .... I am so proud of < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! They both passed all areas of the MSP with Level 4 proficiency ! Honorable Mention : Livi passed sandbox time with level 4 proficiency as well ....... WOW . I am one lucky mama ........ :) 
WOW Whata weekend ! < PROPMALE>'s football won their first game ! Mommy got a new car ! 2011 Toyota Camry hybrid with leather seats , navigation system , seat warmer , 6 disc changer , and my favorite ..... a skylight !! WOOT .. woot ... :) 
What a great day ! I had a wonderful time assessing kindergarteners today ! Me - Would you count for me as high as you can ... starting at one ? Kid - You first please . :) 
I think animal testing is a terrible idea ; they get all nervous and give the wrong answers . 
Texas Adventure : Try being forced to eat yogurt parfait barefoot in security line at airport , mistaken for mother of your similar-aged travel companion , a*$^&( people on airplane who won't trade spots with us so we can work on plane , getting lost multiple times 
Goodnight Texas ! 
You know you are old when there is a happening party at your place and you can't wait for 11pm when all the parents come to get their children and you can go to bed ! So old ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > and I have landed in Texas ! We have decided to quit our jobs in education and begin immediate work in improving airport morale . We have decided that this goal can be accomplished through strategic placement of waterfalls/features , free snacks , and clowns and/or strippers .... depending on you age range and preference . People need to be happy at the airport , this could spread world peace ! 
We strolled through the airport with the dorkiest smiles on our faces all day long ...... no one else smiled at all . It was sad . 
< PROPFEMALE > - Winslow Arkansas is 5 hours away ..... 
I gotta go to bed .... can't keep my eyes open .... good night Texas ! 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! May you have more to be thankful for than entrees on the table . :) 
Thought of the Day : How old would you choose to be if you didn't know how old you were ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Underwood concert was FABULOUS !!! ( I didn't even think I liked her ........ I love it when I am surprised . ) 
This is the message of Christmas : We are never alone . ~ Taylor Caldwell 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ryone ! I hope you have nothing but good cheer and happiness ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! Hoping it was < PROPFEMALE > and bright ! 
Hooray ! Grey's Anatomy ..... I love thursday ! 
Are you looking for inspiration ? Connections to others ? Personal growth ? \ 
\ 
You are invited to Women's Wellness Night Saturday ( 1/29 ) Night at 6pm\ 
The tentative plan for this event :\ 
Get to Know Each Other/Mingle\ 
Brainstorm Group Functions\ 
Possible tips for creating the \smoky\ " eye\ 
Yea ! So excited for Women's Wellness Night ! I am just ready for all the fun to start ...... :) See you in 89 minutes . 
What fun ! Women's Wellness Night was a blast ! Smoky eye , jewelry-making , laughter and planning for a year of adventures and connections . Thank you to all who came . :) 
Yea ! < PROPFEMALE > McLachlan concert tomorrow night ! I am so excited . :) 
I'm so tired of being sick ........ :( 
