I had to clean up my brother's throw-up today ... good morning world 

Schedule is MIA .. 
Schedule is now not MIA 
work work work 
thanks everyone 
going to some american idol thing 
Gone to Boston 
Not in Boston 
is it bad when you wake up to play farmville ? 
Williamsburg for family history fun 
is confused by biology 
doesn't feel very good 
is a beast at thriller 
ever had a day that just beats you up , kicks you a few times then laughs at you ? 
yes my gatekeeper 
college visits with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
pet a cow ! 
it still counts as a win when the other team goes the wrong way right ? 
who ya gonna call ? 
Today I learned why you shouldnt wear small shoes , its not pretty 
ive had like 8 glasses of orange juice todya so i dont get swine flu .. and i really need to pee 
day three still no swine everyone around me is dropping like flies .. its the oj 
hey umm bio folks is that lab due tommorow ? 
Am i the whitest person in the world ? 
haha no more running ! well at least for tommorow 
Im tired and its only 7 .. Does this make me a loser ? 
sick sick sick 
is no longer filled with pestilence 
< PROPFIRST>'s Zebra has a big but 
I lost my voice .. does anyone know where it is ? 
HAP > ME 
gone to philly 
try sticking a soda can in a fire some time 
retreat 
Public Service Announcement : It's Snowing 
O.o 
My feet hurt alot 
still haven't started my bio paper ! sleep is for sissies ! 
Sleeping is overrated 
Life's a laugh and death's a joke , it's true . ull see its all a show keep em laughing as you go just remember that the last laugh is on you . 
greatest igloo ever . ever 
no school again 
Great White Buffalo ? 
Im the one being eaten apparently 
Not at work in the code red heat 
College Orientation 
NERD RAGE 2010 
thanks to everyone for saying happy birthday ! 
Done with Camp 
Leaving for VT today 
At College 
Just went from waking up at 8 on mondays to 12 . life is good 
I HATE BOISE STATE 
Today's been a bowltastic day ! 
I have Christmas songs stuck in my head . 
Why is it that every time I play Captain Planet I end up being Heart ? 
Today i am of foul temperment 
Is no longer of foul temperment 
Today , I was told my beard makes me look like a WWII general . 
memory all alone in the moonlight+ male genitalia = epic song 
Always I wanna be with you and Make believe with you and live in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > AHHHHhhhh 
I'm raging at my chemistry 
home . Like the < PROPFEMALE > one 
I'm at weird place right now . My room is right between uncomfortable hot and cozy warm . So I'm like whooo then I'm like ahhh . Its odd 
Do me like we're in Narnia- Zander Baylis 
I am currently mad at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Nixon because she made me stay up too late playing halo and now I can't stay awake . but we did beat legendary that was pretty freakin awesome 
Excittttttttteeeeddddddddd 
The last man on Earth sat alone in a room . There was a knock on the door-\ 
Shortest Horror Story Ever 
Is it bad that I can make my ankle crack ? 
I need a good poker face . I feel like this will make my life much better 
I just remembered the beginning of the movie Tarzan was actually really sad . I mean everyone thinks about him all swingin around and such but people die 
Im depressed . and my tooth came out in the shower 
Hey remember that one time we beat < PROPFEMALE > Tech ? That was sweet 
Got a marshmallow today in CHem . Happiness ! 
Walking Dead = Greatest Show ever ! 
I'm in an oddly fantastic mood . 
All my family are gypsies ! 
CHEM LAB RAGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
Will anyone go ice skating with me ? 
My mom wants to kill my sweatshirt 
I just started humming Arabesque for some reason . 
Done with one semester ! 
HOME ! 
Just told my Mom what trolling means . Now whenever I ask her a question she says im Trolling her . 
My little sister got me Deodorant for Christmas . I'm not sure what to think 
For some reason i've the sultans of swing stuck in my head . just though everyone would like to know 
Today's Entertainment : Getting down the stairs without touching the steps . 
Im kinda angry I went from being a Lion to a Crab . I've been downgraded in life . 
Back at Tech . Played Risk and got stuck in Africa , for a loooooooooooooong time 
I got a paper cut while trying to eat food . does this mean I should stop eating ? 
Life uses Confuse < PROPFIRST > . < PROPMALE > hurts himself in Confusion ! 
Its 3:30 in the morning and all I want to do is floss . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is sooooo awesome 
I really wanna buy a Stormtrooper outfit . I just feel like the uses are endless 
Should I buy Nightmare off Ebay ? 
Phones broken . 
SHE DOESNT EVEN GO HERE ! Do you go here ? 
i love my sister < PROPFEMALE > so much !!! 
Back at Tech 
Alright so my new plan is I'm going to take my nap before chemistry lab outside near Hahn so when I wake up late I won't actually be late ! 
My roommate just called me fat . 
Have you ever had a song like stuck in your head but you dont remember any of the words and you have like a 5 second clip in your head ? Isn't it the best feeling when you actually find out what it is ? just happened and I had to tell someone . 
So much burn , but luckily i burned a a v on my chest so i look like a super hero 
