i just got my retainer . 

today is my grama's birthday 
just finished my reports 
is FREEZING !!!!!!!! 
is going to the emergency room ...... NOT FUN !!! 
My mom just told me that i am directly related to < PROPMALE > Lincon . lol He is 6 generations away from me . lol 
THE SAINTS ARE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > !!! An AMAZING name . Also a good adjective for any girl who is gorgeous , smart , funny , talented , loving , loved , and fabulous in general . If you are considering having a kid , name it < PROPFEMALE > : despite the sex . That girl isn't named < PROPFEMALE > ? She totally should be ! 
I really want to connect with my blood grandmother . My 2 grandmas i have now are wonderful and i love them so much but maybe 3 will be even better . i hope she replys back to me . 
Watching gone with the wind !!! 
driving ! what fun ! 
I'm so happy ! It's only gonna cost $800 to fix my car ! I'm gonna get it back from the shop by the end of the week ! 
just lost at twister ! what fun 
I got my car today ! 
Watching < PROPFIRST>'s Angels 
Chillin ' on the couch with Beaux 
Doing homework ... what fun ... 
is in sulpher 
I finaly finished my AP U.S. history assignments ! YAY ! 
i finally finished the home work !!!!!! YAY ! 
Why is it difficult to find men who are sensitive , caring and good looking ? \ 
They all have boyfriends already . 
it's sad when you get old , your birthday just becomes \another day\ " :( " 
Men are like commercials : sound good but you know its false advertisement . 
Saved lives today ! i gave blood and only got really really sick twice ! how awesome ! 
I don't know if we each have a < PROPFEMALE > , or if we're all just floatin ' around accidental-like on a breeze . But I , I think maybe it's both . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s health care system is second only to Japan ... Canada , Sweden , Great Britain ... well , all of Europe . But you can thank your lucky stars we don't live in Paraguay . 
just got done with the ACT test at sulpher and it wasn't as bad as what I was expecting 
why go to school when you don't do anything . I don't want to be here ! ( school ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas every one :) 
My Daddy just ordered my new iPhone !!! im soooo excited ! im gonna get it after tuesday and i got a pink otterbox for it ! :) cant wait ! 
A slow train !!! Really ??? 
At the movies with < PROPFIRST > and having an amazing time ! :) 
What is the point of fine arts ???? 
I hate fine arts 
So happy :) \ 
I figured up my GPA and it's a 3.7 ! \ 
One of the good things about A.P. Classes :) 
Why must trains stop ?!?!? 
5 day weekend !!! 
Getting ready to go out !! So excited :) 
Well I'm single again and it's not such a terrible thing . Momma gave me money and my Daddy got me flowers . So all in all the flowers really made my whole month :) if I ever need cheering up flowers will do the trick every single time :) 
Well it's official ... Mono sucks !!! The only up side is no school but I still have to do homework so what's the point ???? 
So excited for Thursday !! I'm getting my graduation ring ! I'm not gonna miss that even if I am still sick . Can't wait ! 
First day back at school in a week and a half . It's not fun and I'm ready to go home . 
Why do they play depressing music on the radio in the morning ?? \ 
Aren't mornings bad enough already ? 
