I'm running on 3 hours of sleep and bad soup 

< PROPFIRST > actually fits me pretty well 
Today sucks . an I'm seriously considering looking in to a different field . 
One has to learn to enjoy the little things in life , like killing a small invertebrate . 
loves Sea hares 
I need an Oz . Someone find me an Oz 
Finally after everyone else has finished their finals do i finish ! 
I took forever to figure out which i really like the best and i still have a three way tie but horsea gets to be first 
is annoying , awesome , bold , colorful , cool , corrupt , eternal , exciting , expensive , fantastic , industrious , mystical , natural , normal , saintly , scenic , sexy , sharp , talented , and unbelievable . 
So happy just realized that Kingdom heart : Birth by sleep is out for the psp !!!! * geek spasm * 
Went to the local farmers market today and bought some really good humus and pita bread ... also discovered that disk two of season two of the big bang theory has been at < PROPFEMALE > McCracken's house probably sense halloween ... 
I hate Capote . 
I pulled a typical < PROPFEMALE > last night and smacked my head into my door frame 
I've determined that there must be something wrong with me . I attract Creepy people and not the good kind of Creepy people that you like \awe your so creepy in a cute way\ " but the kind of creepy that ends up with a small childs face on a milk carton . " 
Went to the farmers market yesterday with < PROPFEMALE > and got some < PROPFEMALE > sticks and a delisious gyros sandwich ! We also went to the local Antique shop which was fantastic ! I bought a classic < PROPFEMALE > the Pooh book from 1965 ! 
I'm eatting Rice Crispies for dinner ! Yum ! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOTTTTTTTT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My favorite desiner sense the begining of Project Runway Won !! So so happy !!!!!!! 
I have an unstoppable craving to play Pokemon . And I almost twisted my ankle while attempting not to fall down the stairs at school . 
Technology is both a blessing and a great evil . For me right now its a great evil ... 
My laptop took a dump thursday and now i have to use my slow computer .... 
Loneliness and solitude are to things not to get confused , ' cause I spend my solitude with you 
Woot ! Finals are finally over ! I'm free for the summer ! now to find a job ... 
I just go my ears re-pierced and got a new piercing too ! 
Woot Registered for classes today at 7 in the morning today and got all the classes i wanted ! 
Sometimes I wish I could stay mad at people . Sometimes I wish I could return just as bitting comments as they give me . But I freeze my mind as blank as a piece of paper and in the end i close off and become apathetic to the situation , because if I engage I'd give away how much their words hurt and that would give them more power then they deserve . 
Slammed my toe into my couch two days ago . It still hurts to walk on and has discoloration were i hit it . 
I love my mom but she lets her fear of the outside world control and rule over her life , and by default my life . 
Any one want to go see < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim VS the World like tomorrow or this weekend ? 
I cut myself with an ice cube .... 
Just applied on line for Spirit and though its a long shot it would be nice to hear back from them but I think if all the competition is like my sister I probably won't 
I got the Big Bang Theory season 3 yesterday ! its as fantastic as I remember ! 
I'm geeking out over pokemon and have set all financial goals toward getting a ds , eather pokemon < PROPFEMALE > , dimond or platinum , and then eather pokemon soul silver or heart gold .... and of course the compleatly unrelated kingdom hearts game ... oh i want it so bad ... sigh ... 
i made cookies with jello pudding powderb in them ! they is so tasty ! 
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My dad just found Kingdom Hearts Birth By Sleep to put on my PSP ! I'm so excited !!!! * Spaz attack * 
* sob * I lost my hello < PROPFEMALE > phone chain in < PROPFEMALE>'s house last night ... I must morn its death for the rest of the day :( 
well cluttsy < PROPFEMALE > strikes again ... I tripped over the reclining part of your couch that was setting open and slammed my foot into our coffee table and now a day after it still hurts to walk on .... >.<' 
Just had a super fantastic day going to the movies with < PROPFEMALE > East her cousin < PROPFIRST > Scheuerman and friend < PROPFEMALE > to see the new < PROPMALE > Potter and then got to talk her ear off for the next 6 hours after that ! So happy I think I might explode ! 
Food so good and so tasty and I so happy my pumpkin pies came out ! 
Only two weeks and one sure to be hellish day of finals and then i'm free ! Free ! So prepare youselve my onion tree family for once I am free i shall commence with my diabete inducing baking ! MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm so freaking happy ! I just watched the finally of < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model and the girl that I've wanted to win from the very begining won !!!! I'm so happy evil cackleing doesn't even work as an outlet !!!! EEEEEEEEEEEEEEHHEHEHEHHEHEHHEHEHHEHEHHEHEHEHHEHEHHEHEHHEHEHE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Baking some cookies in my favorite kind of weather and watching a horror movie = happiness 
Peanut butter and apple = one of the best things ever ! 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 59% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 3% are awesome and will re-post this . 
i made cupcakes . and i feel kind of lost . 
is absurd , ancient , bright , boring , charming , creative , creepy , frazzled , frightening , irresistible , shallow , smelly , snappy , unhealthy , and unnatural . 
I love watching what would you do because most of the time I'm pleasently suprised by the good people that are out there . But every now and then I see something that kills me . In this case its men being pigs . 
\Have you ever noticed that idiots have lots of friends ? \ " - I am the Messenger " 
Watching this show on MTV called Silent Library and it has got to be one of the most twisted game shows I've ever seen ... 
Listened to a funny story about duck mafia at the school's arboretum from my sister , got let out of class almost an hour early , and spent the little bit of time in that class doodling . So far not to bad a day ! And its not even 11 yet 
Snow White is doing dishes again cause what else can you do with seven itty bitty men 
YAY ! President Mubarak has stepped down ! Congradulations Citizens of Egypt ! 
One of the many reasons I still watch the Simpons , \Grandma had hair like that when she went to sleep in her forever box \"" 
Just got home and don't know why i'm so energetic but i am and I can't figure out what to do with myself ! * flails * 
lol just realized one of my favorite stories is written by a Canadian ! XD 
All Zombies are the Living Dead , but not all Living Dead are Zombies . 
I don't generally pray or anything similar but all of my heart goes out to those in Japan and that it doesn't get any worse . That they can get the releaf that they need and get control over the fires and reactors . 
Its Saint Patricks Day ! So i wear blue ... 
Some one just made my day by coming up to me and saying how they had noticed that last week I had Chemistry and Government ( mistaking my American History book for government ) texts and that I was reading the Zombie Survival Guide and they said that it looked like I was planning on starting a Zombie Apocalypse in order to take over the world . 
\Four women walk down the stairs . How many reach the lobby ? \ " XD " 
