Happy New Year ! For those of you with clear skies , enjoy the Blue < PROPFEMALE > ! 

is at Good Vibrations Conference in San < PROPMALE > ! 
“It is as true now as it was then that no matter what tests show , very little of what is taught in school is learned , very little of what is learned is remembered , and very little of what is remembered is used . The things we learn , remember , and use are the things we seek out or meet in the daily , serious , nonschool parts of our lives . ” ~ John Holt -author of How Children Fail 
So ... the girls and I came home to a house that had been burglarized and thrashed . :( Police eventually sent a civilian investigator . I hate this ... so I have limited access to facebook for a while and almost no email access . Just so you know ! 
Saturday was my sister < PROPFIRST>'s wedding ... it was beautiful , and so was she . :) 
I think we are poxy ... 
Just finished making fried potatoes and eggs for the family . < PROPFEMALE > mixed up and cooked chocolate chip pancakes ! 
Looks like pox ... 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically start plunging the Earth into the Sun . To change this option , go to Settings --> Planetary Settings --> Trajectory then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Apocalypse . ' Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all to see . 
Bwhaha >:D I've hacked my mother ! Well , she left it open , but ... o.o ( Love , < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Hope everyone is having a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
snowed all day ... very lightly ... it's cold ! 
Girl Scout Cookies go on sale for preorder Saturday ! Call < PROPFEMALE > and place your order ! :) 
Okay ... so < PROPFEMALE > is selling cookies for her troop after all . The girls are in seperate troops this year , so just call and we'll divide the orders equitably , or you can specify which troop ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% wont Copy and Paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
loves the new \via\ " notation when you share someone elses post ! " 
Mmmmmm ... Homemade french onion soup on a cold and blustery tornado watch night ! 
Come pick some tangerines ! 
My niece < PROPFEMALE > had her baby at 5 am this morning ! A baby girl , 8.3 oz , 21 1/2 inches long , and a ful head of brown hair ! 
So , for those of you who have been dealing with the new fb for a few days , is there a way to change privacy settings when you open a new appication like there was before when you used the drop down on the applications tab at the top ? I can't find one . Looks like you have to go to the applications < PROPFEMALE > ? 
\I've done it in public and I'll do it again - I don't care who sees ! \"" 
< :~D 
cooked leeks for the first time ! I made a Leek and Potato soup from the fresh leeks and yukon golds I got from our produce guy yesterday . I just finished a bowl for an early morning snack ... this time I added extra sharp cheddar . Farm fresh local veggies and cream ... another YUM ! 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED !! You will find it interesting to know where and what your FB friends first concert was . Copy & paste this on your PROFILE then put your First Concert at the end of the sentence : < PROPMALE > Adams ... with a girl named < PROPFIRST > I had just met ( at church ! ) and who I later despised . Won the tickets from KZZP ! 
Facebook keeps resetting my feed ... so I can't catch up . :( 
just processed a quart of raw cream into sweet , creamy , < PROPFEMALE > , cultured butter ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all of you Mommies out there ! :) Hope you have an awesome day ! 
\ ... the positive messages * are * unschooling . They are : You are Enough 
so happy my niece and nephews made it home alive ! lol 
Facebook is messing with things again and screwing up the news feed ! 
Do any of my relatives who lay carpet want to come down and put some ( a pretty small amount ! ) in my house ? It's going to get awfully cold where you are , soon , and it will be beautifully < PROPFEMALE > here ... :D 
Is your 5th decade the time family drama really kicks in ? 
Does anyone want my < PROPFIRST > Foreman grill thang ? it's just taking up space here ... 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Off to < PROPFEMALE>'s house to slave away in the kitchen ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is acting in a version of Much Ado About Nothing Friday and Saturday night , Sunday afternoon and Monday afternoon . Who's in ? Comment and I'll send you details ! 
Borrowing and Forwarding : Pay It Forward for Creative People :\ 
I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update . They must in turn promise to post this and send something they made to the first 5 posters on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to you ... r 5 people sometime in 2011 ! 
Where are my friend lists ?! 
We have an opportunity to use a week long timeshare about any ol ' where in the lower 48 for a really stellar price . Anyone have any suggestions about a great place to go ? We have to use it before the end of March . 
Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and i ... t must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
\May your coming year be filled with magic 
Pay it Forward 2011 : I promise something handmade to the FIRST 5 people who leave a comment here . However , to be eligible , you must repost this status , offering something handmade to 5 other people . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . Ready , set , GO 
I <3 Sea Salt Soiree ! Who knew salty chocolate could be so yummy ? 
