Along with your ne years resolution , set out to make new daily resolutions . Don't wait once a year to make big changes in your life when each moment is an opportunity to create something new in your life . 

It is wrong to curse a flower , and it is wrong to curse a man . It is wrong to not hold any man in honor , and it is wrong to ridicule any man . You must honor yourselves and see within yourselves the spirit of eternal vitality . If you do not do this , then you destroy what you touch . And you must honor each individual also , for within him is the same spark of eternal vitality . 
Emotions flow through you like storm clouds or blue skies , and you should be open to them and react to them . You are not your emotions . They flow through you ; you feel them ; and then they disappear . When you attempt to hold them back , they build up like mountains . It is only when you try to deny your emotions that they become dangerous . 
Attend to what is directly before you . You have no responsibility to save the world or find the solutions to all problems - but to attend to your particular corner of the universe . As each person does that , the world saves itself . 
In this world you must be oh so smart , or oh so pleasant . Well , for years I was smart . I recommend pleasant . 
Night , the beloved . Night , when words fade and things come alive . When the destructive analysis of day is done , and all that is truly important becomes whole and sound again . When we reassembles our fragmentary selves and grow with the calm of a tree . 
There is a beauty , a joy in this life that carries us from one moment to the next . But like the gentle breeze , we hardly notice til it beckons us with it's stiring and lifts us up like a feather on its currents . 
Never forget the light you < PROPFEMALE > within you . For we shine with the brilliance of the sun , a flame that can't be snuffed by life's most harrowing of storms . And as we light the path for others , so too we light our own , as our single flame is carried through this world and remains with each soul we touch . Never forget ; you are unique , and you are loved . 
This moment is our miracle , for this moment is the only time we know . This everlasting instant , where all our dreams and joys unfurl , is life’s truest blessing . So live it and breathe it ; know it like an intimate stranger and never let it be your burden . Live happy knowing you’ve been given this wondrous gift . 
In life there are no failures , only lessons learned . Experience is the essence of life itself ; it is our clarion call . In this waltz , we all play our parts as hero and villain , friend and foe , bully and victim . By simply being here , you are filling your purpose . And by filling that purpose we have all taught and learned from each other lessons for the soul . This is just one facet of the symphony that connects us all . 
The world is a canvas , and we are all artists painting a masterpiece . 
“Out of damp and gloomy days , out of solitude , out of loveless words directed at us , conclusions grow up in us like fungus : one morning they are there , we know not how , and they gaze upon us , morose and gray . Woe to the thinker who is not the gardener , but only the soil of the plants that grow in him . ” ~ Friedrich Nietzsche 
Smile because you are loved . Smile for the things you have and the things you've lost . Smile because you’re the greatest gift to our world . Just smile and laugh , because you are the only you that I know . There can never be another like you ; you can never be replaced . Smile and laugh , because you are vital to the world as we know it . Let your soul rejoice at its beautiful , unfathomable scarcity and uniqueness . 
When you’re feeling small and alone , and you find yourself wondering what your place in the world is , remember that you’re made from the same stuff as the stars . You are a leaf on a tree , a drop in the ocean , an instrument in a symphony . You are part of a greater consciousness that we are all a part of , and it is a part of each of us . You are never small , you are never without place , and you are never alone . 
Everything begins and ends with you . Within you are endless possibilities of being , knowing , loving and doing . There are no limits but what you set for yourself . There are no wrongs ; there are no incorrect ways to be who you are . So be everything you want to be , and judge not others , for they are simply doing the same . In fact ; love them , and love yourself for expressing it all so beautifully . 
An ending is simply another < PROPMALE > to begin again . For nothing ever really ends , only changes from one state to another . Everything you know is eternal ; you are simply looking at different pieces of it at any given time . Change is growth , so learn to embrace it , because every change in life is simply another opportunity to learn more about yourself . 
Close your eyes and fret no more , just dream of tides on endless shores . And weathered angels singing silent songs , whispering words we've known all along . It’s time for sleep ; this is not goodbye , just a moment’s rest for weary eyes . 
\You - you alone will have the stars as no one else has them ... In one of the stars I shall be living . In one of them I shall be laughing . And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing 
We are as the stars in the sky – surrounded by darkness , but shining , glowing beacons of light . Each individual , but each making up constellations of consciousness within the sea of space that surrounds us , that keeps up separate yet still part of a whole . We are magnificent , but sometimes we’re unable to realize our own beauty until we look out at those other stars just like us , each shining just as beautifully . 
It’s okay to love yourself . If you can’t do that , then how can you expect someone else to ? Love yourself first , then share that love with others . It’s not an act of arrogance to realize how radiant you are ; your love is contagious . You will become an example for others and show them that it’s okay to be who they are . Burn brightly , little soul , you illuminate my world . 
If I can touch one person , if I can make just one soul reconsider their usual way of thinking , for but one fleeting moment , then I have succeeded in changing the world forever . I will be remembered in the collective consciousness of the earth , my influence felt ‘til the end and beginning of time itself . I am here , will be here , and have always been here . I am a part of It All , just like You are . 
\A single event can awaken within us a stranger totally unknown to us . To live is to be slowly born . \"" 
Today you should smile because someone loves you . Tell that person that you love them too , it's possible that they might need to hear it . 
Pennsylavnia here I come ~ 
\The lips of wisdom are closed except to the ears of understanding \"" 
For many people life is a game of politics . It's about what appears to be , and not about what actually is . But for me life is simply about being and doing . Life is about action , regardless of how it appears , because doing is the essence of creation . 
If I speak in the tongues of men and of angels , but have not love , I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal . If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge , and if I have a faith that can move mountains , but have not love , I am nothing . If I give all I possess to the poor and surrender my body to the flames , but have not love , I gain nothing . 
Back home from Pennsylvania ~ It's somewhat worrysome that the rains in West < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > left some kind of gunk or scale on my car . o.O The rain here doesn't do that ! I don't even want to wonder what's in that mess . 
The world is buzzing with a sound soft and gentle . It is the murmuring of consciousness itself , and every molecule - every atom - knows its song . Every ounce of your being , and every fiber of your soul , plays its tune . It connects us all , and from us it is born . For we each breathe life into the notes that make up this wonderful symphony , and it sets the rhythm for our dance of being and creation . 
Our children are our legacy . They are malleable , impressionable , and will grow up influenced by everything we have taught them ; they will show the world of the future just what sort of people we were . The responsibility of being a parent is possibly one of the most monumental that anyone can undertake , and will challenge you in ways you never expected . 
This moment is but one in a swarm of moments . We string them together so they make sense , but this moment is all there has ever been . You are being born in this moment and you are dying in this moment , but in this moment you're also creating a beautiful world of dreams . Who you have been and everything you want to be are all inside of you * right now * . So know it , be it , and live it . You're the only one who can . 
It's a little alarming when you're driving down the highway at 4AM doing 65 in the middle of nowhere and your headlights decide to turn off . 
Love is the brightest torch in your arsenal , but it's up to you to light it . So be the flame , and give to the world what could be your biggest testament that \I was here and I made a difference ! \ " For the < PROPFEMALE > of love knows no bounds . " 
We're all in this together . What you do for another will come back to you . Not because of < PROPFEMALE > , not because some god says it should be so , but because you exist within a unity . You exist within a framework - a conglomeration - of individuals all sharing , exhanging and influencing each other . There are no ' reasons ' to be selfless , just like you don't need a reason to be alive right now . Either you are or you aren't . 
Burn brightly little soul . Let your flame be an example for others , and illuminate the path for all to see . Be as one , and be at peace . For you < PROPFEMALE > the spark of creation within . You shape the world as only you can , so create it in your kindness , in your truth , and in your love . Go forth and be the example you know the world needs . With your single flame , be a light unto the world . 
In life there’s never a mistake , or wrong done , so monumental that it cannot be forgiven . There’s never a single moment in life where you are not being or giving exactly what you’re supposed to . Ahead of you and behind you are an endless string of moments that place you exactly where you’re supposed to be . So if you have not found your silver lining yet , never give up ; it’s still there waiting for you . 
There is nothing more sacred in life than the act of doing . Like a flame , do not concern yourself with wonder if your action will burn or illuminate those around you . Instead , simply be what thou < PROPMALE > , and do as thou wilt . As long as you < PROPFEMALE > the warmth of love within , there is no incorrect way of doing . So don't wait ; Go . Do . Be . * You * are the only thing holding you back from living the way you want . 
Existence does not end with death , nor does it begin with birth . Life is simply a part of the journey that our souls are undertakingto understand themselves . When we leave this place , it should be heralded with the same celebration that was shown at our arrival . For our souls will have completed a very important step on the road to self discovery , and the world will have been forever touched by our presence here . 
At the hospital . I just cut off half of my thumb at work >=( 
No matter what life throws at you , stay positive . Don't be sad because your circumstances have changed , instead look forward to the new challenge coming your way . Because with every new challenge comes a < PROPMALE > to discover something new about yourself and a new way to face the world . If nothing in life ever changed , and everything was always the same , life would be pretty boring don't you think ? 
I am here to remind you of who you are . Innocence , purity , love , compassion strenght and understanding are all things that still exist within you . They're there , even if you've forgotten about them . You are the light - the beautiful , glowing , warm and gentle light . Though you may not see yourself that way , that is exactly what you are . So remember the * You * that you've forgotten . I'll help you remember . 
Action is one of our birthrights , but sometimes I feel we miss the < PROPMALE > for the trees . People believe that it takes masses of people to effect change , but honestly change begins with -You- . Because we are all so closely interconnected and entwined with one another , every action has a very dramatic effect upon the world . You would really be surprised just how much an act of kindness can affect the people involved . 
In the night amidst the stars , where the < PROPFEMALE > in silence lingers , there are angels singing songs of the worlds between your fingers . And there’s a ghost beneath the twilight that’s searching for the sun , he’s got a face that seems familiar and a smile that’s come undone . 
Emotions are the language of the soul . We mustn't lock them away and hide from how they affect us or our lives . Nor should we cling to them by dwelling in their bottomless depths . Emotions are meant to be felt ; they should pass through us to be expressed freely and then let go . When our soul speaks to us , we should try to listen ; it may be sharing with us a timeless lesson about ourselves . 
All deeds and acts are born in the spark of creation we are all endowed with . But remember that light without love is but a flickering ember in the breeze . So fan the flames of your divine light with the warmth of selflessness , love and gratitude , and set the world's heart ablaze in your path . 
Love yourselves , and Love one another . That's all you have to do . Take one moment in your day where you wouldn't normally show love or kindness , and choose to fill that moment with both . You can do it . ? 
Heaven and hell are both here right now , this very moment . You have all the power within you to choose which you will experience . This choice is up to you alone ; no one else can make it for you , and nothing else can force you into one or the other . You are the creator of the reality you experience . Realize the power that you have within you , and change your world until it's one that suits you . 
To create our true selves , we must withstand and experience the very things that we are not . It is the human condition to long for what we do not have and what we have not been . It is this thirst for experience that drives us all inevitably and inexorably down the path of life towards a single destination , because it is these experiences that give us the tools in which we create ourselves into who we are . 
Today is a new day . It's okay to let go of yesterday and it's okay to hold off your plans for tomorrow . Right now is your moment to shine . No matter what has been , no matter what can be , * right now * is yours to create . Right now , release the inglorious pieces of who you were , and fill the holes with the radiance of Who You Are . I know you can do it , now it's time that you know it as well . 
It is often easier to believe the negative things you hear about someone than it is to think positive things about them . We're all guilty of this at some point , but it's within you to change this about yourself . Wouldn't the world be something else if we all made an effort to change how we look at others ? You could be surrounded by beautiful people instead of dreadful ones . 
Shine in the darkness ; don't shun it ; don't ignore it , and most of all , don't fear it . The shadows in your life are there as tools for you to create yourself . There's a tremendous secret lurking in the darkness that you may discover , and that secret is that you are a beautiful light capable of love whose depths are unmeasurable . 
Last night I had an awful scare and I thought I was having a heart attack . It turns out that it was a really severe panic attack . I have struggled with anxiety issues for years now , but last night was simply too much for me . So I was put on paxil today as a result . But I don't think I like it at all . I feel like I'm in some kind of fog . >=( At least I am * finally * getting my thyroid checked out . 
Nothing in life is eternal ; everything changes , everything transmutes from one state to another . There are no endings , there are only < PROPMALE > s to begin again . So don't fear change , nor try to hold it off , for it is inevitable . Try to embrace new opportunities and new situations as a < PROPMALE > to express a new part of who you are . 
“Love is the law , love under will . ” Keep pure your highest ideal ; strive ever toward it without allowing aught to stop you or turn you aside , even as a < PROPFEMALE > sweeps upon its incalculable and infinite course of < PROPFEMALE > , and all is Love . The Law of your being becomes Light , Life , Love and < PROPFEMALE > . All is peace , all is < PROPFEMALE > and beauty , all is joy . - The Law of < PROPFEMALE > 
Arise from the mists of unknowing and claim your Selfhood . You are a < PROPFEMALE > , and the sky is your illuminated canvas . You were born with world , and the Earth is your cradle . Like the Sun you are unlimited in your radiance , and like the < PROPFEMALE > you are unrivaled in your somber , quiet beauty . You are powerful , and within you is the wisdom of all things . Know these truths - know thyself - and create anew . 
Stay true to your highest self , and cast off those things that don't serve you on this pursuit . Life is the path of trial and error , it is the classroom for the discovery of your own soul and of who you are . You can make no mistakes on this journey , you cannot err , and you cannot fail in the task of creating yourself . Keep moving forward ; the road ends only when you decide that it has . 
“We can never judge the lives of others , because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation . It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path , but it's another to think that yours is the only path . ” -Paulo Coelho 
When you encounter some part of your life that you dislike , change it . When you're confronted by your own undesirable habits , change them . You have the power within you to do so . Do not feel as though some outside force has you in its clutches and is steering you through life . You are the creator ; you are the one at the wheel . Stop , think , act . You can do it . 
Within you is a glowing ember yearning to grow into a triumphant flame . It wants so badly to show the world its radiance and beauty while it languishes in despair under the glass jar of fear that’s been placed around it . Let go . Set your < PROPFEMALE > spark free so it can show others what they are capable of . There’s nothing in this world that can extinguish it , and it will find perfect opportunities to shine . 
We are defined not by actions or by words . We are defined not by how much we give or take . We are defined not by how good or bad the world may see us . Who You are is defined only by who You decide to be . Who you decide to be defines the things you say and do . Who decide to be defines how good or bad the world sees you . Who you decide to be defines how much you give and how much you take . Now decide to be It . 
You are the crest of a wave , and from You all things spring . From You there is within and without . From You there is past and future . From You there is ahead and behind . From You there is light and dark . From You there is above and below . You are the apex ; You are at the center of this moment ; You are connected to All That Is . Like a fractal , within you are infinite depths , as you are within infinite depths . <3 
Erase the dual nature of your existence . Recognize ' this ' and ' that ' , but realize that they are just two parts of the One Thing . There is nothing that exists without you that does not exist within you . You are both ' this ' and ' that ' , ' here ' and ' there ' . You are one piece of All That Is . You are in the image of your creator , but remember that you are the creator . 
“A culture can easily be judged by the behavior of its youngest members , ” Odin said . “What you teach your children is an instant reflection of the values that you yourselves hold dear . ” - < PROPFIRST > Chappell , \Burn Your Wings \"" 
No matter how much you may believe yourself to be an island , you are inextricably connected to the world . We all influence one another in some form , and that is a fact of life we can't escape . You are responsible for the world you live in , because it's your expectations , perceptions , and actions that create it . So why not create the world you < PROPFEMALE > instead of wishing someone else would do it for you ? 
We are a grain of sand in the desert longing to be the rain , forgetting all the while that we are part of the sea . We are the silent longing for sound , the solitude longing for a crowd . We are the opposite of everything we want to be , because we once wished to experience what we are not . Now we are here ; here's our happiness and here's our pain . This is your < PROPMALE > to Be . This is your < PROPMALE > to create You . 
Seek not answers from gurus or masters . Seek only what questions you should be asking , because within you are all of the answers . There is no source outside of yourself as miraculous or divine as the One Source within yourself . Is it not important which conclusions you reach , the importance is in how you reach them . There are no incorrect questions , there is only incorrectness in not asking enough of them . 
Who you are this moment is not the same person you were a moment ago . Though the difference may be imperceptible right now , you have changed ever so slightly . The ' old ' you is now inside of the ' new ' you , but the ' old ' you still exists . Now apply this thought in the other direction . Who you can/will be is also inside of you this moment . Who you can/will be exists right now just as much as who you have been . 
There is no ' better ' or ' worse ' . There are only perceptions . And I hope the deceptive nature of that statement couldn't be clearer , because what is perception is also reality for the perceiver . If you can change the perception , then you have changed yourself . And when you change yourself , you change the whole world . 
Take into yourself those things that reflect your truest sense of who you know yourself to be , yet consider the possibilities of allowing change to transform you . Do not cling to the past as a means to measure the present , because it is in this moment that you live . Yesterday does not decide who you are today ; that decision has been left up to you . 
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart . - Who looks outside , dreams . Who looks inside , awakens . -- < PROPFIRST > Gustav < PROPFEMALE > ( 1875-1961 ) 
Your soul is your guide , your higher-self , and it is you , just as you are it . The relationship between you and your soul could be likened to the relationship between a flower and its many petals – though you can only be one of those petals at any given moment , you have been all of the petals . Therefore you know everything it knows , you just have to learn how to listen and remember . 
If you need to have a God , then why not have a God that is reachable , accessable , and knowable ? Why have God if you are going to convince yourself that it belongs somewhere high upon a shelf , and instead of showing you unconditional love it is constantly measuring your failures ? Unconditional love does not recognize failure ; so you truly cannot fail in the eyes of God . Now one must wonder who our truest judge is . 
Where is God ? It's anywhere you want it to be . It's in all of us ; it's the framework in which all of this takes place ; it's the source of consciousness itself . It's everything and nothing at once . It is the field and we are the grass . It's the beach that we're all building our sandcastles on . It is existence and being , motion , action , vibration , awareness . It is love , and every single one of us are in its image . 
Existence does not end with death , nor does it begin with birth . Life is simply a part of the journey that our souls are undertaking to understand themselves . When we leave this place , it should be heralded with the same celebration that was shown at our arrival . For our souls will have completed a very important step on the road to self discovery , and the world will have been forever touched by our presence here . 
If you can do nothing else in life but learn to love yourself , you will have accomplished something wondrous . You will become the example for others that it's okay for them to do the same . It's not arrogance to recognize how beautifully unique that little spark of divine creation within you is . When you shine , so do those around you . You are truly one of a kind , so be awed with yourself . <3 
DEFINITELY < PROPFEMALE > . 
And here you stand upon the threshold . In one hand you have been given a cure to all of humanity’s woes , with nothing but a thought you can erase all the ills of the world . In the other hand you hold nothing that is not already within you . Which choice do you make ? How will you change the world ? Will it be instantly by force , or by patient participation ? 
Decide today that you will be kind and gentle in your dealings with others . Even if it is for one day , try to experience what it is like to extend your < PROPFEMALE > to those whom you usually can't . For just today , treat others the way you want them to treat you and expect nothing in return . And when you think your giving and kindness have run out , give just a little more . 
There is nothing within you more divine than the creative energy of change . You hold within yourself the ability to shape the world you experience with every choice and action you make . Each moment is an opportunity for you to create something new within yourself and in the world you live , so don't let inaction be the only action you take . Do what reflects your truest sense of yourself . 
Whenever you're feeling small and alone , remember that you’re a piece of the One Thing that is within All Things . You may look at yourself and see but a fading ember against a sky blanketed with blazing < PROPFEMALE > s . But You’re a creative spark of divine will . Don't look out to the vastness surrounding you ; look within and realize that you’re a < PROPFEMALE > unto yourself . You are wondrous , you are powerful , and you are never alone . 
For every push there is a pull , for every give there is a take . For everything there is , there is something that sits in opposition to it . Do not think that simply because something is in opposition to you that it is bad . If it didn't stand in opposition , what would ? Outside of what you perceive as good and bad , there really is no good and bad . Change your perception and change the world . 
Day one of no smoking ! Let's see if I can make it a week . Smoker of three years , maybe five or six cigarettes a day - not too bad . The hard part is keeping myself from picking the habit back up after I've quit . This will probably be the tenth time I've quit . I used to be able to stop smoking anytime I wanted , but lately it seems to have the best of me . So it's time to move on ~ 
Life does not present you with any situation or dilemma that you aren't equipped to overcome . There is nothing taken from you that is not returned and there is nothing to befall you that will not pass . All states are temporary , and new possibilities are but a moment away . In life do not settle ; keep moving and embrace all changes as new opportunities . You will persevere . 
If you believe in nothing else , heed this : do not take words as truth simply because they come from a source of perceived ' authority ' . You are your own authority . Listen first , think second , then decide which truths suit you . Let go what doesn't harmonize with your own ideas of how things should be . 
In every moment you're creating . The world around you is fluid until You project the image you expect to see upon the screen of consciousness from which all matter manifests . When you see change in the world it's not because the world has changed , but because you have changed . It's a hard concept to grasp when we believe that the world around us is static and objective , not a collective and subjective experience . 
You are note in a symphony , co-creating a wonderful masterpiece . Though you are but a single note , your presence is vital . Without you the song simply would not be what it is . Without you , reality itself would not be complete , and All That Is would not be All That Is . So do you see how important you are ? Anytime you find yourself filled with doubt , remember this ; you are wonderous . 
So sick >=( someone go work for me today . 
I wonder how high a fever has to be before you go to the hospital . o.o 
Food poisoning = Bleah . 
Maybe going to work today wasn't such a good idea . 
The fruit of the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil was morality . Forever remember that your ' right ' may be another person's ' wrong ' . Your ' good ' may be another person's ' bad ' . Your ' moral high ground ' may actually blind you to your own arrogance . Try not to make the mistake of believing that any thought or idea that you have is the ' most correct . ' It may simply be the most correct for you . 
What is free will ? Free will is when you want to do a certain thing , but decide to do the opposite . Free will is not just wanting to be happy , but deciding to be happy . Free will is when you can change a dislike into a like and a ' bad ' into a ' good ' simply by deciding to . Free will is when you start acting instead of reacting . Free will is deciding that all of this is possible . <3 
Burn brightly , little soul . Let your flame be an example for others and illuminate the path for all to see . Be as one , and be at peace . For you < PROPFEMALE > the spark of creation within . You shape the world as only you can , so create it in your kindness , in your truth , and in your love . Go forth and be the example you know the world needs . With your divine flame , be a light unto the world . 
Apartment hunting time . Living with family is going to drive me insane . 
That which you call God is all around you , it is woven into every moment and into every fiber of your being . It is the substance of divine consciousness itself - the very same consciousness that is within you . It is the stuff from whence dreams come , where imagination dances and where possibility is born . No one is alone , separate or apart from All That Is . Smile - You're divine . 
Happy Halloween ~ 
To be alive is to share the experience of life with others . No one is an island , and no one lives in isolation . This is an inescapable truth , and it manifests on all levels of existence . We are all sharing , giving and imparting something unto those around us that was not there before . You are shaping their experience of life just as they are shaping yours . Remember you are a creator amongst creators . 
Letting go is not the same as giving up . You can let go of a goal without giving up on the notion that you may someday reach it . You can let go of a person without giving up on their ability to change . To live is to be forever changing . To let go is to say that you will not accept a thing in it's current state . To give up is to say you will never accept a thing , no matter how much it changes . Never give up . 
“The joy of life consists in the exercise of one's energies , continual growth , constant change , the enjoyment of every new experience . To stop means simply to die . The eternal mistake of mankind is to set up an attainable ideal . ” - A . Crowley 
The student creates the teacher just as the teacher shapes the student . Thus is the crux of all relationships we undertake . We are students and teachers at once , filling in the blanks for others just as they fill in ours . We are villain and hero , friend and foe , parent and child , mother and father . We are All , and we are One 
When you expect nothing but the worst from a person , the worst is what you'll get . How can anyone show you their best side when you see nothing but flaws in everything they do ? Understand the responsibility that rests on you to give the people that you dislike the < PROPMALE > to be liked . The ability to change your perception is in your hands ; and when you change that , you change the world . 
Seek not salvation from gurus nor masters nor sages nor prophets ; seek within yourself and know that salvation lies in you . For within you are the tools to change the world forever . One only needs to let go of the notion that they sit seperate from god , and remember that they are a part of All That Is . 
Special needs kids aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want : to be\ 
accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and \ 
leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education \ 
Week , this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . 
Don’t be sad for your lost sandcastles ; you gave them life . You molded them into something they could not have been without you . You alone gave purpose to the otherwise forgotten sand beneath everyone’s feet , and for a while that sand was everything to you . But then a miracle happened within you , and you realized that there’s more of the beach to explore than just sand and castles . 
In life there’s never a mistake so big that it can't be forgiven . There’s no wrong so monumental that it can’t be forgotten . There’s no a moment in life where you're not being or giving exactly what you’re supposed to . Behind you is a string of memories in which you're exactly where you’re supposed to be . So if you've not found your silver lining yet , never give up ; it’s still there waiting for you . 
No matter what mistakes you are holding on to , understand that they’re an integral part of the process of living . You have this moment to be the things you wish you had been , and to do the things you wish you had done . This moment is your gift ; it is your opportunity to move beyond who you have been , and become who you want to be . The first step is to forgive yourself . 
I have never had a headache this bad in my life . Ugh ! At least my fever just broke - until the Tylenol wears off , that is . 
Thank you , everyone , for the birthday wishes ! I'm all of my 30 years I don't think I've ever had as many . <3 Now for my birthday wish : Be kind to each other ~ 
The world is buzzing with a sound soft and gentle . It is the murmuring of consciousness itself , and every molecule - every atom - knows its song . Every ounce of your being , and every fiber of your soul plays its tune . It connects us all , and from us it is born . For we each breathe life into the notes that make up this wonderful symphony , and it sets the rhythm for our dance of being and creation . 
< PROPFEMALE > happy christmastonday ! 
\The world is a drought when out of love \"" 
No matter what happens in life , learn to forgive yourself . There is nothing at all wrong or incorrect in who you are , how you live , or what you do , except for what you decide is incorrect or wrong for yourself . You are your only judge . Only you can decide if how you are living and being is a reflection of your truest sense of Self . The past lives in memories , but the present is yours for the taking . 
Light without love is but a flickering ember in the breeze . Oh , you < PROPFEMALE > ember , what gales you have seen ; such ferocious storms you have weathered . Your twinkle , so fragile and desperate , seems as though tis no match for this perilous world . Yet still you shine , defiant and fearless against the somber sky . < PROPFEMALE > ember , give me your strength ; light my path and I will be your example . 
Action is change . Without change there is no action ; there is nothing new . There is only repetition . To exist is to change ; it's inevitable . Everything that is light will eventually long to experience the dark . When you're a candle in the sun , how else can you discover yourself unless you experience darkness ? And in that darkness will your flame shine its brightest , so don't shun it . 
I hate facebook's new layout and profile . Change it back >=( 
I am no longer Sagittarian ! I am Ophiuchus ! Weird . 
This is kind of a bad day for those people who have their sun sign tattooed on them somewhere . LOL <3 
We all have our parts in this symphony . In all music do sounds clash together , each note cutting another short or lifting it up , some reaching terrible lows and soaring heights . Yet there is nothing but beauty to be found within the song - nothing but a wonderful expression of each individual note . 
There's nothing apart from All That Is . Just as Earth has given some of itself to form your vessel , so too has All That Is given some of itself to form Who You Are . From that source you can never be parted , for it will always remain within you . <3 
After a not-so-fortuitous failure of my primary hard drive , and my unsuccessful attempts to restore a working copy of XP from a back up , I decided to upgrade to Windows 7 . My initial impression : It's AWESOME ! However , the computer tech in me is still cautious to be optimistic . 
If you're searching for a purpose to life , then consider anything around you . If even one atom were out of place , if one molecule simply vanished from it or never existed , it would not be the same . We are the atoms and molecules of something greater than us , and our purpose is simply to be - to exist - to live as who we are . That is our divine nature . 
This is your moment ; now is your opportunity to become that which you are and let go of that which you have been . You can never miss this moment because it is where you forever dwell . Release your guilt of the past and fears of the future ; Become now ; you are free . 
Just remember that you are the petal and the flower , the leaf and the tree , the raindrop and the ocean , the collective consciousness and the individual . You are as vast as the mysteries of reality itself , and you are as small as the breath of an atom . You are a part of It All , so be It All . You have no limits but what you set for yourself . Now show the world that the same is true for them . 
There is no single opportunity to shine , and there is no single opportunity for you to be the best * You * that you know you can be . Life is full of these instances . So when they come to you , don't fret . You are the light - a candle in the darkness - do not smother and hide your flame because of it . Shine your brightest and illuminate it . Love it , and help it become what you are . 
Holy cow my back is in some kind of pain today . I don't understand why when all I did was go to sleep . >=( 
Happy valentines day ! \ 
Love each other and love yourselves <3 
Picked up the results of my mri's today . I was expecting them to find one herniated disc , but not two . T6-7 and T9-10 . Both of them are central herniations and they're both pressing on my spinal cord . Needless to say that's pretty dangerous , and it has me worried . Now I need to line up an appointment to see a neurologist . I foresee disability in my future >=( 
Brighten someone's day . You'd really be surprised just how little it takes . Just find one moment in the day where you normally wouldn't show gratitude or kindness , and take that moment to be giving and selfless . It isn't it might not seem like much , but you could very well turn someone's whole day around . Just give a little piece of yourself ; put it out there into the world to grow and < PROPFEMALE > . ? 
You are an artist creating a wonderful masterpiece but you are also the masterpiece . You are the paints , you are the canvas , you are the colors , and you are the brushes . Within you are all the tools to create yourself into exactly what you want to be . So be it , then show the world how beautiful you are and help them discover their own beauty by example . 
The past lives in yesterday , and the future lives in tomorrow , but where you forever dwell is in this moment - now . This is your opportunity to shine , your moment to let go , move on , and welcome new experiences . Now is the gift we have all been blessed with - your < PROPMALE > to become anew without guilt of the past or fear of the future , and nothing stands in your way . 
We never learn more from life than we do when we experience the ' negative ' aspects of it . Hurt , pain , loss , sadness , and anger are so undesirable to us because in the moments that we are overcome by those emotions , our illusion of contentment is challenged . We don't like to believe that our moments of happiness in life are only temporary . 
In life there’s never a mistake so big that it can't be forgiven . There’s never a single moment in life where you're not being or giving exactly what you’re supposed to . Ahead of you and behind you are an endless string of moments in which you're exactly where you’re supposed to be . So if you've not found your silver lining yet , never give up ; it’s still there waiting for you . 
That which you call God is all around you and within you . It does not sit high upon a pedestal - distant and separate ; it is right here . We all come from this One Thing that is within All Things , so do not look upwards or outwards to find God ; look within . That's where all the secrets of the cosmos , and yourself , dwell . To know thyself is to know God . From where else could such a divinely unique individual have come ? 
We are more than the sum of our experiences - more than the sum of our parts - more than collection of moments that have brought us to where we are , and will take us to where we will be . Whatever you think you are , you are more . There are endless possibilities , endless potentials , and too many ways to be Who You Are to find complacency and indifference in just one . 
The word for the day is substances 
It’s okay to love yourself . If you can’t do that , then how can you expect someone else to ? Love yourself first , then share that love with others . It’s not an act of arrogance to realize how radiant you are ; your love is contagious . You will become an example for others and show them that it’s okay to be who they are . Burn brightly , little soul , you illuminate the world . 
When It's said that you're perfect , you are not being givien a standard that you feel you can never measure up to . What is being said , instead , is despite all the flaws you percieve in yourself , you are still beautiful . You need not strive to be perfect , because the meaning of the word is forever changing . Instead , strive to be who you are and it will fit someone's idea of perfect . 
