has been reminded of < PROPFIRST > Hood - and the part where Little < PROPFIRST > jumped from the rock to the Sheriff of Nottingham's back , and < PROPFIRST > and everyone swung from the trees in a sudden surprise attack 

... the other people's name was MacGreggor 
... it looks like a meat . 
Oh look at that - no arm over there ... don't you hate it when that happens ? 
wants to see Ponyo , but wishes they would play it in the original Japanese , instead of dubbed English 
was sort of considering wandering down to the Freedom whatever at the Tabernacle this evening ... but now it's gonna be all soggy , so maybe not . 
Frickin ' TERRIBLE ref took away both of BYU's goals tonight AND called the entire game for the other team . We should have won that game . 
and < PROPMALE > miss you . We want you to rejoin the band again . 
and Yelyena say to you \shouldn't we have something to eat ? \"" 
found out that she is pretty beast at being goalie . 
has been watching Lost for the past couple days .... what is the world coming to ? 
' s Harvest < PROPFEMALE > cows give birth by Immaculate < PROPFEMALE > . 
thinks we need to make cookies and go caroling while we still have time . Friday or Wednesday ? Input/who is coming ? 
... < PROPMALE > take a < PROPMALE > take-a take-a chan- < PROPMALE > take a < PROPMALE > take a < PROPMALE > take-a take-a chan- < PROPMALE > ... 
thinks paper dolls and people are a similar shape . 
has to go to a mandatory meeting about customer service in sixandahalf hours . :( But Commando was fun . Gabe and Lars are pretty much my heroes . 
Rain ! Thunderstorm ! Rain ! 
' s momma told her too much < PROPFEMALE > gonna rot her soul . 
got 92% on her Human Development test ! YAY !!! 
is almost finished with Commander Keen 4 . Because she's that awesome . 
is SICK ... :( 
just beat Commander Keen 4 . Booya . 
could while away the hours conversing with the flowers ... 
learned how to pray in < PROPMALE > today in class . I love BYU . 
is sort of trying to write a paper , but can't bring herself to really mean it ... 
Oh goodness - the sun's up . When did that happen ? 
watched ' The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T ' yesterday . Hadn't seen it since I was a kid , but it's still awesome . The evil Dr. T hypnotizes Bartholomew's mom and plans to force 500 little boys to practce piano 24 hours a day . Check it out . 
is thankful for all the men and women in the armed forces and wishes them well . 
is COLD . Why do we have to have winter , anyway ? 
has the second movement of Beethoven's 7th Smyphony stuck in her head ... not that she really minds or anything . 
\ ... Willoughby .... Willoughby .... Willoughby ... \"" 
wants you to come to Adventssingen tonight at 7:30 because how often do you get to hear beautiful < PROPMALE > Christmas music ? It ;s in the Provo Tabernacle ( University and 200 or 300 N ) and free , as well . :) 
sort of prefers Washington snow to Utah snow , because in Washington you can make snowmen with it and here it just gets flaky underfoot . 
' s encounters with the Space-cold that is Provo , Utah ( 16 degrees this very minute ) are turning her into < PROPFIRST > Bowie . 
has been trying out the fan-made Commander Keen 7 and so far has found it not half bad . I do keep dying , though ... 
cried a single dragon tear that turned into a jellybean all the colors of the rainbow , and now she isn't racist anymore . 
wishes you could see the Awesome Nativity scene she assembled on the dining room table . She saw a baby doll and a cow-shaped pillow and just went from there , though a couple snowman decorations had to be wrapped in robes as stand-ins for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Her mother was impressed . 
has a new haircut :D ... do we have a camera ?....... hmm . 
January ? Who said it could be 2011 ? 
is sad when Commander Keen dies . 
might kinda dig being a pirate . Aside from the fact that I'd be on a little boat with a bunch of scurvy-ridden unwashed outlaws . And probably no other women . And rats . And bad food . Hmm . 
is waiting for the Zombie Apocalypse . 
just succeeded in making the strangest-looking chocolate cupcakes ever . Seriously , they look like aliens made them . 
thinks Denmark is a prison . 
likes the Summer Olympics better than the Winter Olympics . 
wonders what Petrov is eating . ( It looks like a meat ... ) 
likes that at least 8 other people are still on Facebook , but she is going to bed . 
gets up early and stays up late . Now all she needs is a ( relatively ) short skirt and a loooooooooooong jacket . 
just got 100% on her stats exam !!! ( excluding , of course , the 15 points from the written portion which are as yet ungraded ) . 
is happy that it rained tonight because rain is awesome . 
wonders if she could make all her hair stand up if she applied enough gel ... 
isn't tired today like she expected to be , but her stupid alarm didn't go off this morning either , so she missed her first 3 classes ... :( 
doesn't know where she's living next fall ... 
is highly illogical . 
makes first class baked goods . 
wants pizza . 
has snowflakes on her nose and eyelashes . 
is puzzled by the fact that Seattle is only about 110 < PROPMALE > ( less than 2 hours ) farther from Provo than San < PROPFIRST > is . It seems like Seattle should be farther away ... must be the stretch effect of flattening the map ? 
would really love to be not sick . 
and < PROPFEMALE > Frary are absconding to the Alps where we intend to live as Gypsies . Gentelmen , feel free to come along . 
wants to go to sleep , but is going to write about the summer she was 12 instead . Auf Deutsch , natürlich . 
is bored bored bored . 
is so indecisive . Curse my middlechildness ! 
thinks it's a gorgeous day . 
knows that heffalumps and woozles are very confuzles . 
gave blood today because she is that cool . 
got a Census today and bets you did too ! You should fill yours out ! :D 
has a sudden < PROPFEMALE > to watch the long Pride and Prejudice . Why is that ? 
likes life , life likes me , life and I fairly fully agree . 
is currently making the best Pinewood Derby car in the world . With a pocket knife and fingernail polish . :D 
is cleeeeeeeeaan ! So happy ! But the festival of colors was awesome ! 
hmm .... it's April Fool's , but I can't think of anything to April Fools anyone about . 
feels like it's time to watch A Very Potter Musical again . 
forgot her phone at home today and won't be able to get it until after 4 ... :( 
likes the rain . 
hat hunger . 
is almost certainly staying up all night . Because she is really cool like that . 
gave a mouse a cookie . 
wonders if your chewing gum loses its flavor on the bedpost overnight . 
has an Exactlywatt on a chain . 
feels a bit like she just crawled out of a pond . Though on the brighter side , the rain smelled absolutely lovely . 
has discovered that Commander Keen 4 on Hard really is hard . 
wants to thank Public Broadcasting and Viewers Like You for making this semster possible ( and amazing ! ) 
got a haircut ... Just waiting for it to look normal again .. 
finished reading The Road . Interesting book . 
wonders if it's weird to be excited for the World Cup . In < PROPFEMALE > . Over a month before it starts ... 
made dinner tonight and it was a bit of a soupy mess , but to be fair it was a last minute change of plans with my mom giving me a crash-course recipe over the phone . At least it tasted okay . 
is digging the windstorm , but it would be better if it wasn't < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > windstorms are okay , I guess , but rainy windstorms are cool and intense . 
finally finished painting her room this afternoon ! Yaaaaaayyyy ! It's so awesome . It'll be even better when I've put my bed back and I can actually sleep in there again . :D 
is going to see Iron Man 2 tonight . :D 
loves her mother :D . Happy mothers ' day ! 
likes the lovely Washington spring day : it's light out , but overcast , it's cool , but not cold , and it could rain at any moment , but it hasn't yet . :D Perfect . 
thouroughly enjoyed < PROPFIRST > Hood , despite the fact that from any kind of historical standpoint it seems to have taken place in an alternate universe ( just like < PROPFEMALE > Trek :) ) . Also , some of the things that happened were a little bit silly . Good movie , though . 
Pray tell me , does it matter that on your first DUI your license is suspended for a 90 days and not a year , or that you are supposed to switch off your brights when 500 feet from an approaching vehicle and not 300 ? I didn't think so . :P 
likes singing Hyms in < PROPMALE > with her brother :D 
wonders if it will rain like this all summer .... and the verdict is it probably will . 
would go to the Aquarium if it didn't cost $17 to get in . 
wants you to stop , hey what's that sound - everybody look what's going down ... 
really enjoyed the choir concert . { Her brothers are the best :) } 
is always losing things . Currently her phone and two games of backgammon ... 
wonders why people love waffles when pancakes are so much better . Waffles are difficult . 
hears thunder , but where's the lightning ? 
Nobody should ever attempt origami at 1 in the morning . It's basically the most frustrating thing ever . I don't know what possessed me . 
likes it when you get perfectly cozy and you start falling asleep and you knooooow that you have to get up and do things like change into pajamas but you really don't want to ... 
got a job !!!!!!!!! Finally ! I am sooooo happy . 
is digging the hot July weather and the sun and blue skies . Oh wait , I'm in Washington . We don't get that . \ 
\ 
Hope it doesn't rain on the Fourth . :D 
really likes fireworks . And the way they sound . And the way they smell . And the way they explode . Especially the way they explode . :D 
got such a sunburn at the Celtic Festival in Mount < PROPFIRST > . But it was soooo awesome :D . 
absolutely for sure does not have tuberculosis . The people at work stuck me in the arm and tested for it twice , and it turns out I really really 105% do not have the disease . Good to know . 
is right about to see Inception . Should be awesome . 
got another sunburn . I guess I don't learn from my mistakes . :D 
requires pancakes . 
ist hier . 
almost killed a mole today . 
is leaving for Provo the Monday after next . 
sang Bohemian Rhapsody out the window at her brother tonight . Hope I didn't wake the neighbors ... 
finds that getting a driver's license is rather like having a birthday - it's nice and it's a change and all , but it doesn't feel all that different ... 
Goodbye everyone in Washington ! I'll miss you until I see you again . 
is alive , in Provo , and has internet again . :D Life is good . 
is probably ridiculously awesome . 
saw the Sorcerer's Apprentice last night . Liked it . 
made a bizzare , rather carroty pizza . It wasn't quite horrible , though , so she can't in good conscience give it up as a bad job . It will have to be eaten . 
cried a single dragon tear which turned into a jellybean all the colors of the rainbow ! And suddenly she wasn't racist anymore . 
is journeying to Delicious and beyond . 
counted and yes , we have seven frying pans in our cupboard . And that doesn't even include mine , which is packed up in my closet . 
is in the middle of an Oh-my-goodness-AMAZING storm . :) 
loves thunderstorms . 
found the BYU Spectacular spectacular . 
* gasp * WE WON !!! 
feels < PROPFEMALE > in the middle of the night . Isn't that nice ? I think it is . 
ist ohne Mitbewohnerinnen . Eine ging nach Hause , eine arbeitet , und eine ist mit ihrer Mutter einkaufen . 
feels like posting something cryptic and then not explaining it . 
carved an excellent pumpkin tonight , but it isn't even in the same league as the Chewbacca which certain other members of her FHE group made . That one was fantastic . 
went and saw Jigu ! Thunder Drums of < PROPFEMALE > , which was amazing . Then came out and it was ohmygoodness snowing really hard . But it's melting now . 
Sooo everyone , my brother has a show tonight at the Velour down on University Avenue . It starts at 8 and costs $6 . There will be a couple other performers , but obviously he will be the best part . So if you're not doing anything tonight and you want to hear some awesome music , then come . Don't think about it , just do it . :D 
went to Blockbuster and couldn't find a single Halloween-y movie ! ( Meaning of course that they didn't have Arsenic And Old Lace or Young Frankenstein ... ) 
oh yeah - Happy late Halloween , folks . Go eat some < PROPFEMALE > . 
is HUNGRY and her food is not going to thaw out before she has to go to class . :\\ Lame . 
is watching the I Voted ticker climb by the thousands . I wonder how many people actually voted and how many just wanted to click the button . 
' s roommate is on her account . Despite trying to think of something embarrassing or funny to do , my mind is blank . Darn . 
forgot it was daylight savings ... :( 
supposes it's alright that it's snowing now , it being November and all . 
is watching A Very Potter Musical . So amazing . 
misses Washington :/ 
sun it rises ... 
was beginning to seriously doubt the existence of the blizzard , but then the wind picked up . A lot . We'll see . 
can't get into elevators without thinking of Inception . 
I totally just scared my roommate . Day got awesomer by a factor of 3 . 
ohmygoodness folks , we have a Christmas tree and it is fantastic . 
ok people , shocking and amazing : I have a plane ticket for Christmas . Anyone who I asked for a ride , never mind . :) 
Oh Cleaning Check , you are not my friend . 
one down , four to go . 
make that 2 down , 3 to go :) And I totally got an A on the latest one . 
One more . Just one . Cross your fingers for me . 
DONE . For better or worse , my finals are over now . Nothing left but to wait for the grades . 
btw I'm back in Marysville now , folks . :D 
totally just got a haircut . Looks pretty awesome . :) 
So totally ready for Christmas . Finished the last of the shopping yesterday , wrapped it all this morning ...... now what ? 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone . It's almost over , but make the last hour or two < PROPFEMALE > :D . 
is going on a Wiki-walk and learning about potatoes and tomatoes . Did you know that they're both members of the nightshade family , and that potato plants also produce poisonous fruits ? Fascinating . 
Is there life on Mars ? 
So I decided to make some calzones , because what else does one do at nine-thirty-ish at night ? But the only meat I had was salame and bratwurst . So I put them both in . Only time will tell if that was a horrible idea or not . 
Fire on the mountain - run boys , run ! 
The sun was shining on the sea , shining with all his might 
I'm not a large water-dwelling mammal . Where did you get the preposterous hypothesis ? Did < PROPMALE > tell you that perchance ? < PROPMALE > ... 
A pinch , a glug , half a handful , a dash , to taste ... I know there are more good vague cooking terms , but somehow I can't think of them . Got any ? 
though counting in the usual way yes , 21 I've been alive . 
What causes Bieber Fever , and what are the symptoms ? Is there an inoculation or a cure ? 
What if I ran away and joined the Peace Corps ? Wait , better question : how does one actually do that ? 
I wish I had bacon . 
Minji is doing homework and < PROPFEMALE > is who-knows-where , so I am now inviting one or two people to come over and help me put a third coat on the unicorn piñata ( more than that would just get messy ) . I might even give you a couple lemon cupcakes with raspberries in them as payment . \ 
This would be starting when I get back to my apt , say roughly 4:30 . This means you . 
I decided this morning that if I don't do my homework on time the terrorists win . And I don't want the terrorists to win . 
BYU won :D we won we won we won . 
I love my roommates so so so much ! & hearts ; 
I got up and went to class today even though I was tired , and only the < PROPFEMALE > was there because there wasn't any class today . And I'm pretty sure he announced it in class . :( 
ohmygoodness Jimmer Fredette is completely epic . And the rest of the BYU Basketball team too , of course . It takes a team to win . But DANG , Jimmer . 
Strongsad is sad because the San < PROPMALE > team is populated by monsters and they destroyed BYU . 
:( It was a sad day for the Cougars . Stupid tall , energetic Gators . They beat up Jimmer Fredette . And they won . 
But um ... I still don't understand rugby . I went to a game ( well , 2 really ) and I liked it , and I paid attention and everything , but some of the rules still elude me . And I've no clue what the various positions are . They apparently have something to do with their < PROPFIRST > , though ? Otherwise why would one of the guys have changed jerseys between games ? 
Well I guess it wouldn't be Conference without snow , would it ? 
