I'm in the Army , stationed @ Ft . Drum . Where are you living now ? 

ready to get to the states , had enough of the sandpit . 
Never tell your problems to anyone ... 20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them . 
Looks like we're not coming home as soon as we'd hoped .... prolly be in Iraq ' till Oct . or later .... itz cool tho , im still gettin paid so can't complain ... 
Go with your heart , < PROPMALE > . Our brains only screw things up . 
I would kill for steak and a < PROPFIRST > n coke on the rocks ... wish they would figure out when the hell we're comin home !! 
Yea ... so it got to like 130 degrees here and its not even July .... Lord take me home 
Jus want to show my appreciation to everyone who's supported me since I've been gone ... don't know how I would've made it with out you . I'll be home soon and look forward to celebrating with all of you . 
Stay true to yourself because there are very few people who will stay true to you 
Its about to be on n poppin in the USA baby ... hope they are ready 4 us cuz we r coming home 
Do people think it's cool to be fake , seems like it . If u ain't gonna be real with me at least be real with yourself , damn fools . 
Hi haterz .... 
Living my life n stayin drama free .... 
Sitting in Syracuse airport waiting for some sweet southern comfort ... FINALLY ! 
Having bfast with my rugrat , then off to Seaworld !! 
Having an amazing vacation with my boy , no place i'd rather be than where I am right now . 
Back in Ny , had a great vac with < PROPMALE > , but now it's back to business . 
Some people never say the words ' I love you ' . It's not their style to be so bold . Some people never say those words : ' I love you ' But , like a child , they're longing to be told . 
I would like to wish a happy 5th birthday to an amazing kid named < PROPMALE > , I love you , son . 
15 minutes down , 23 hours and 45 minutes to go .. Who doesn't just love CQ ?? 
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do . Where there is love and inspiration , I don't think you can go wrong 
Some think it's holding on that makes one strong ; sometimes it's letting go . 
“To live is to suffer , to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering . ” - < PROPFEMALE > Flack 
Laugh when you can , apologize when you should , and let go of what you can't change . Life's too short to be anything but happy . 
mmm ... nothing like the feeling you get when you walk to your car and a snow plow has hit it . Gotta love it .. 
Road Trip to < PROPFEMALE > , Glad to get away from Drum for a minute ... 
ahh ... nothing better than a hot shower and an ice cold beer after a 4 day trip to the woods . 
Yea , crushed the board today , time to celebrate . 
\When one door closes another door opens ; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door 
If you're looking for me , I'll be getting some much needed Southern comfort ... And thanks for the bday wishes everyone , it's great being reminded I've been alive for a quarter century .. Lol 
