lol no car . no phone .. what a teriffic way to start the new year 

just saw shorts . lol dumb movie hahaha 
sweet night :D lol 
blehh what a day .. scratch that . what a fucking week ... lol 
hellish day at work .. time to relax and calm myself . (: interview tomorrow ! 
ehhh my head :/ haha just got home lol 
hahaha peopleofwalmart.com its ridiculous ! hahahahaha 
eep ! totally thought i had to work today .. BUTTTTTTTTTTT i dont ! yay 
heroes ! 
ahh got pulled over :/ no ticket . but still terrifying 
ehhh feel like shit :( 
woah ! epic day hahaha 
a clean room is a happy room lol (: 
i hate waking up from amazing dreams ! damn ! @ haha 
lets make today a good day yeah (: 
longgggggggggggg day ! eep same tomorrow just longer .. eeka 
by the wayyy i had a fabulous day ! <3 
thank god its friday .. NOT ! blehhh :( 
gahhh < PROPFEMALE > good to finally be home .. 
yay ! < PROPMALE > is victorious ! roar ! <3 
thousands of songs . gone .. completely erased from my ipod . i could fucking kill something right now ! FUCK ! :/ 
time for a game ! lost all my music on my ipod . and im downloading TONS of new music . yay !!! any reccomendations ? 
wow what a day .. im truly exhausted . physically and mentally . 
wonderfuckingtastic ! <3 
(: ( :( :( : ! 
REALLY dont like people who lie .. grrrr . other than that , this night shall be one to remember :D orrr to forget by the time i wake up tomorrow haha 
great day/night , but geeze ! im wayyy too tired lol (: 
geeze ! hahaha (: 
finally some time to relax .. first time in like a week . 
dang .. 
so sore :( 
hmmm my ipod is starting to feel a bit more complete (: ( :( : 
wonderfuckingtastic day . and what the hell is up with fb ? haha weird ! 
ps .. GAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! its kinda like a roar/yell kinda thing .. haha 
got my fingers crossed .. 
goodmorning world <3 
halloween :D 
my day was , without doubt , better than yours .. hahaha jk seriously tho . it was . <3 
so many people on the freakin road at 2 in the AM . almost didnt make it home ! hahaha :D 
ready to take over the freakin world ! whos with me ;) 
deep in thought at 3 in the AM ... 
this whole not sleeping thing kinda sucks :/ 
such a BEAUTIFUL day . in many ways ! only one thing could make this day better . ive got my fingers crossed (: 
i dont wanna babysit . i wanna go out ! play mafia ! hahaha ! i look wayy too cute right now to be locked up inside :p 
i want someone to keep me warm at night .. pretty epic day lol 
the best part of wakin up ... wow theres nothing good about waking up this early . hahaha today's gonna be a good day <3 
oh joy ! it finally arrived ! just seeing it brightened my day <3 
who knew cleaning a room could be so relaxing ! haha (: 
euphoric (: ( :( : 
more awesome than < PROPFIRST > shatner hahaha :D 
happy hanukkah to all you jewish kiddios ! 
the < PROPFEMALE > and the frog = AMAZING movie (: 
White girl working at fili b's ? What ?! Welcome to the end . Bahahaha 
Peace az . 
coming home tomorrow .. thank goodness 
yikes ! what a day .. lets not have another one like this for awhile please 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness ... 
we used to be so < PROPMALE > .. then we turned 18 hahaha 
6 more days .. 
fuck cars and all their troubles .. 
fuck cars , being broke , stupid people , and hitmonchan .. 
fuck crobat haha 
yayihaveacaragain . 
son of a bitch . im free (: 
Chillin at hermosa beach . ( : 
Gahh fuck Arizona . I don't ever wanna come back . 
day 1 at coldstone = completely awesome ! @ 
great weekend (: 
metalocalypse 
creep . 
Don't wanna go home .. 
this state smells like cowshit . 
home . lets get me outta here , yeah ? 
Hakunamatata 
i hate when you wake up in the morning and youre like , FUCK that shit really happened ! \ 
its like ut happened all over again 
i wanna play halo sososososo badly 
ice cream truck just made my day (: 
Off work surprisingly early ! 
i really severely want photoshop .. 
RIVER ! was so beautiful ! 
help ! ive fallen on my shell and i cant get up ! 
Halo and weed (: 
im prayin for rain , im prayin for tidal waves ... 
super productive saturday . shit , super productive day , period . 
It's awesome how people completely ignore traffic signs .. 
bitches think theyre better than me . HAH ! in ten years , when theyre all working for me , we'll see whos better (: 
loving that i have nothing better to be doing than playing pokemon cards with my little sister (: 
I like how my mom treats my puppy like her favorite < PROPFEMALE > 
Fuck my life at 9 in the AM 
i didnt realize it was friday the 13th until i got hit by a truck 
havent been this crazy in awhile (: 
ROBOT ROCK ! ( : 
surprise , here i come (: 
Jesus strikes again :D 
Home .. but is it really ? 
fuck my phone II : The Sequel :/ 
the last excorsism = newfavoritemovie ! hahahaha 
dont understand why everything i touch breaks , falls apart , spontaneously combusts , or turns to shit :/ dont touch me .. 
(: 
Never played a video game so long in my life . Slightly ridiculous .. 
fml at 530 in the am . thank < PROPMALE > for monsters :D 
Time to draw that line between not worrying and not caring . 
Why accept reality when you can make your own ? 
great day for a 10 mile walk :p wow i just did that 
Sunday on Wednesday :D 
27 days and I'm off to Colorado (: ( : can't fuckin wait ! 
Either stand tall , or sit the fuck down . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s through the wormhole ftw . 
There is no yesterday . No tomorrow . Only today . So live in it . 
Fushigi ! Does anyone have one ? Id very much like to play with one . 
I'm comin home (: 
oficially home .. for about 12 days hahaha 
loves how people spend all this money on college then complain about how much it sucks . hahaha STFU ! kthnx (: 
YIKES ! got chased down by a large , hungry dog today .. intense . 
this is all becoming so real . one week . feeling on top of the world 
adios chandler . smell ya later :p \ 
colorado bound (: 
Lovin < PROPMALE > . Lovin americorps . Lovin life 
I could stand to do without all the people I have left behind . \ 
What's the point in goin round when its a straight line , baby , a straight straight line 
Haphaphap happyhappy Halloween (: 
Found out our teams ! Sofucking excited for spike :D lovin life ! 
And if I failed , well then I failed . \ 
But at least I gave it a shot . \ 
\ 
Thankyou Format (: 
Snow . I'm in love (: 
Body hurts , covered in blood and ears ringing like a motherfucker . Sounds like gwar and the casualties ( : 
Paint wars , the y , and secret treasure . Rock on (: 
To all of you reading this , I'm sooo thankful for you (: 
So G I use more alcohol as a chaser :p 
i like to walk on water (: ( :( : 
Hello new Orleans :D 
< PROPMALE > phone breakage . Shit . Haha 
missing headband alert :/ 
goin down to AZ in a week (: stoked 
California christmasness ? I think yes ! 
So good being home (: 
Az folks . I'm back in town . What's up ! let's kickit . \ 
Amerikids ! How's break treating ya so far ? ( : 
today will forever be known as The Shit . \ 
the end 
