Happy New Year !!! 

Sick and tired of people who can't make up their minds about what they want ... I mean you do , or you don't , right ? 
The streak lasted until 6am lol . 
It's been an evening of revelations , lol . 
Good while it lasted , but better now that it's over . 
Mmmmmmm , vodka and redbull :) 
Ugh , vodka and redbull , LOL . I'm paying for it today ... 
So super excited about tomorrow night !! 
Excited about Friday !!! 
Mission accomplished !! I'm wasted ... 
Blitzed and going to sleep now ... 
Jysf sucks !!! 
God , I just can't even care about it anymore ... 
Plans for tonight anyone ? 
Going to get a new tat !!! 
Good night everybody !! 
Listening to The Cure ... feeling old school . 
thanks ! i took it one day when i gave a shit what my hair looked like , lol .. 
Good night everybody ! 
Could i be more bored ? The rainy dreary weather makes me want to curl up in bed and snuggle ... 
Watching Twilight ... 
I'll be RIGHT BACK , don't leave !!! 
Ok , i'm gonna head to bed ... I have a stupid wedding to go to early tomorrow :( Catch ya'll later ! 
I'm sleepy , goodnight everyone ... 
Noches , everybody ! Love you JD :) 
I hate sleep hangovers ... you know , when you take a nap and wake up feeling like crap ? 
I hate Friday nights ... 
Decision made , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Ugh .... why do I do this to myself ? My head hurts , lol . 
oh man , two workouts today ... what was i thinking ? 
Yay !!! Super stoked to give him a new home :) I promise to <3 him as much as you did < PROPFEMALE > !! 
I'm changing Tready's name ... I prefer Nordie , lol . 
Wow , so I got shampoo in my eyes for the first in like 10 years ... that sh*t hurts , LOL . 
Noches everybody ... 
May have bitten off more than I can chew ... 
Noches everybody ! I need my beauty sleep , lol . 
I give up ... what a day(week , month , life ... ) . Night everyone . 
Rain !!! 
Made a big ol ' country breakfast for my family , i'm feeling all domestic today :) 
Mmmmmm , I made outstanding rib eyes , baked potatoes , sauteed mushrooms and ate it with a wonderful red wine .... i'm drunk and full . Life is good :) 
Mmmmm , I love a good red wine buzz , lol . 
Sometimes what you < PROPMALE > isn't actually worth catching ... 
I'm off to bed , good night everyone ! 
What a waste of a half day off ... I fell asleep , lol . 
Noches everybody :) 
What a friggin ' week ... sad part is that its not even over for me yet :( 
Oh my god , i'm so drunk and I don't have a single idea why i'm up so damn late ... Good luck < PROPFIRST > , remember , diaper rash medicine and an ice pack ... 
Just finished making < PROPFEMALE>'s mix cd , here are the list of songs ... any guesses what the cd is for , lol ? 1 . Oh Daddy 2 . Rock you baby 3 . Let's make love 4 . On top 5 . Man ! I feel like a woman 6 . Don't fake this 7 . What do i have to do 8 . Don't leave me 9 . Can't finish what you started 10 . Not fair 11 . Hollaback Girl 12 . Don't go away mad ... just go away . LMAO !!! 
Man , my < PROPFEMALE > white skin got sunburned and I think I developed a million new freckles on top of that . Boo . 
Noches everybody !! 
Well , change of plans ... instead of going to the movies , eating out and having a good time , i'm gonna stay home , make dinner , clean the house , work out , fight with the boyfriend ( as usual ) and be pissed off . What a deal , lol . 
Riddle : You use it between your head and your toes , the more it works the thinner it grows ... 
Noches everybody ! 
I got a headache from laughing this afternoon and I still have it ... thx you-know-who-you-are ... 
Nails look great now , but my poor fingers are killing me :( 
man my fingers hurt . they were peeled like a damn banana this afternoon , lol 
Detox just to re-tox ... 
I'm the Googler .... 
I'm like catnip to nerds .... 
almost killed the boyfriend dragging him to the top of Lookout with me , LOL ! 
is playing poker rather poorly this evening , lol . 
really loves < PROPFEMALE>'s words of wisdom ... don't be sad butterfly . 
It's 3:30 and i'm up watching American Werewolf in Paris .... whats wrong with this picture ? 
Oh , somebody please please make me lace up the shoes and get my tired hungover ass to the park .... 
Ugh ! Ok , the working out , grocery shopping , and eyebrow plucking are done , now for the fun stuff .... 
Zombieland was soooo good !!! 
The Office was sooo good !! 
Completely solo tonight . Feeling much much better , Jysf is going out , Christian is at a band contest , < PROPFEMALE > is out of town , and I have NOTHING to do . 
Just watched Marley and Me and then spent about 15 minutes crying .... what a baby , lol . 
is going to see Paranormal Activity at Huebner Oaks at 1:20 if anyone wants to come .. I'm so excited !!! 
My whole life is a darkroom . One big , dark room . 
If looks could really kill then my profession would be staring . 
Mmmmmmm , I made bratwurst and sauerkraut cooked in dark < PROPMALE > beer , and homemade < PROPMALE > potato pancakes with sour cream horseradish . I amaze myself sometimes , lol . 
23 hours to New Orleans !! 
Sigh ... melancholy me . 
Okay , SOMEBODY tell me that SOMETHING is going on tonight .... I'm losing my mind here at home . 
wow , up super ridiculously early ( considering the night i had ) to complete some testing for work ... since i'm up i'm going for a run ! < PROPFEMALE > will be so proud <3 
Okay , i'm scrubbed , exfoliated , plucked , painted and peeled ... ready for another week of work . 
Two pumpkin pies made and cooling on the counter , cornbread in the oven for the homemade dressing , quick run to the store for stuff I forgot ( as usual ) then off to see New < PROPFEMALE > . After the movie , chop the veggies for the dressing , make the apple pies and take a NAP !! Gotta love Thanksgiving <3 
okay , update ... 2 pumpkin , 1 apple , 1 < PROPFEMALE > cream cheese pie = done . 2 pans of homemade cornbread for dressing = done , sweet potatoes with brown sugar , butter , and marshmallows = done .... still to do = green bean casserole , mashed potatoes , veggies for dressing , and of course , the TURKEY !!! I feel like i'm forgetting something ... 
wishes everyone a happy Thanksgiving !!! 
Feeling down earlier today .... Kristine was a huge help in making me remember how awesome I am , lol . Gotta love a b . a . m . f'n bestie like that <3 
had a half day off of work today ... went to HEB , bought some firewood , came home started a pot of homemade chili going then fell asleep on the couch in front of the fire ... nice , right ? Too bad I wasted the entire day , lol . 
wonders what the hell she did in this life or another to deserve this crap . 
Happy birthday to me ! I got alcohol from everybody for my birthday , LOVE my friends <3 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status so that everyone will know . 
Watching the Hangover , wishing I'd had a night like that recently , lol . 
is drinking wine and wrapping presents on the advice of a good friend , lol . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! 
Homemade chicken and rice soup in front of the fire ... cozy ! 
Happy New Year !!!!!!! 
oh my freakin head . 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > . 
How did WE meet ? Everyone play the game ! Copy & paste this phrase on your profile . You will find it amusing to remember how you met & how you know each of your friends . Before you do that , answer for me ! 
wonders why she feels the need to bake when its cold outside ... 
TIED UP ! 
Okay , so i'm home sick AGAIN . Man , i'm so over this crap ... I'd cry from frustration if all of my bodily fluids hadn't turned to mucus , lol . 
Apparently its retro week , enjoy the hilarious profile pic , lol . 
RETRO RETRO RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this and lets see how adorable we all were !!! LOL 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL ... YOU be one of the 7% that does and make this your status for at least a day ! 
Ah , my ear finally popped and I can hear again !! 
here's a little gem from from the high school photo album ... prom 1991 , lol ! 
is gonna take a nap . It's sad how much enjoyment I get from being unconscious , lol . 
January 26 starts Doppelgänger week .. during this week please change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you have been told you look like for the week ... retro week was a blast last week so lets keep the fun going ... post this to your profile and message your friends with it ! 
is beyond terrified now !! Just completed my first assignments for school . It was ridiculous baby stuff but I FROZE . It took me an hour to respond to 3 stupid discussions ... what the hell am I doing here ?! 
A funny girl . Really smart , and usually doesn't act her age . Jennifer's have amazing eyes , and love to laugh and smile . They need someone who will listen to them and give their honest opinion . Jennifers are very blunt , and speak their minds often . They are caring and very sexy . They know how to flirt in a very subtle way that drives men crazy . They know how to get what they want . 
just finished my first midterrm and got a 90% . While this grade appeals to the slacker in me ( i only took 15 minutes to take the test ) the type A side of me finds my behavior disgraceful , lol . 
is incredibly , incredibly bored . 
is going to the fight on Saturday night ! So excited ! 
just got her score for her first final exam ... 83 . She is so disappointed that she has reverted to speaking of herself in the third person ... again . 
People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness , they are not looking for a cure only acceptance . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour . Special Education week March 22nd to the 26th ....... Go on copy and paste . PLEASE ! 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . This is the miracle of life . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life .... 
i'm exhausted . Worked 9 hours , came home , worked on the work that I brought home with me for 3 hours , did homework for 2 hours , and i get to do it all again tomorrow .. 
I have to be at work in less than 8 hours ... why am I still awake ? 
stupid stupid stupid Vista !!!! why o why didn't I buy a < PROPMALE > ? 
is relieved . Did a system restore and things look pretty good . I guess dating all those IT guys over the years has paid off , lol . 
really ? a flat tire on a monday morning when most of my employees aren't at work ? outstanding . 
NEEDS this week to end .... preferably right NOW ! 
is enjoying the pleasure of a nap after studying for the next midterm .. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
ok , i'm up . Got a < PROPFEMALE > limeadde and chili cheese tots , I'm ready to hit the books again . Hmmmmm , maybe i'm taking this college student thing too far , LOL ! 
show of hands ... anyone else still up , drunk , and bored ? 
is melancholy now ... stupid movie does it to me every time :( 
taking my midterm tonight , wish me luck . 
is officially declaring friday over . everybody leave work and meet me at the bar . 
thinks its a Shipleys kind of morning :) 
is waxed , plucked , dyed , and shaved .... phew , time for homework . 
youmakemetouchyourhandsforstupidreasons.ytmnd.com Oh my God ! Hilarious ! 
what in the world would possess me to watch A Clockwork Orange right before bed ? Nightmares to come ... stay tuned . 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . RE-POST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend ! ? Real friends are HARD to find :) 
Mmmmmmm , pickles , olives and sal-limon , delicious :) 
needs a hug today . downward spiral looming ... 
just got a 100 on my final exam !! I'm so glad this stupid class is over in 3 days :) 
is stuck in traffic :( Happy Friday everybody . 
Got my tortoise ! (@ Forever pets ) 
is going to bed ... noches . 
is sooo sleepy . two more hours and I'll just take a < PROPFEMALE > little nap before starting my homework and running errands . 
coffee ... I need coffee 
is excited ! my promotion is in the paper today :) . its not often that I do something I can be proud of publicly , LOL ! 
crying over stupid Private Practice . I don't even like this show , why am I watching it and crying ? 
UGH !! I almost wrecked my stupid Jeep cause a damn spider was in here !!! revolting things make my skin crawl :( 
A true friend can go long periods of time \ 
without speaking and never question their friendship . And pick up like \ 
they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has \ 
been ........ repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one true \ 
friend .. 
is bored . Dog bathed and groomed , fish tank cleaned , homework finished , no one online ... I really need to find a life , lol . 
is loving individual serving size bottles of moscato ! 
has a crazy bad headache . 
is going to bed ... night FB friends . 
IT'S SISTER WEEK ! If you have a sister who \ 
makes your life INTERESTING & FUN , is a BLESSING in your life and \ 
generally makes life worth living by being around , copy and paste this \ 
into your status with her name at the end ... < PROPFEMALE > Mitchell <3 ! 
IT'S SISTER WEEK ! If you have a sister who makes\ 
your life INTERESTING & FUN , is a BLESSING in your life and generally\ 
makes life worth living by being around , copy and paste this into \ 
your status with her name at the end ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > Camarillo ? ! 
is looking for strength today . 
is frustrated ! why do dr's offices do that ?! move you into the smaller exam room and then friggin ignore you for 45 minutes . I have stuff to do people !!!! there-i feel a little better now . 
one week till Mustang Island . I can't tell u how badly I need this ... 
is at the movies to finally see Iron Man2 . 
is less than an hour away from Port A . I just might not come back home this time ;) 
needs motivation to do her homework . 
good mornin ' FB ! well , afternoon I suppose ... either way , have a good one ! 
is soooo ready to go home . I'm sunburned , jacked my knee , cut my foot , mosquito bitten from head to toe , and I have a killer headache but I've had a GREAT weekend with funny people . Happy B-Day Jysf ! 
wonders why you come home from vacation with ten tons more crap than u packed ? 
Okay , so i'm home sick ... again . Pneumonia this time . I wish that I could just have a single month where I felt healthy every day . I'm exhausted from being sick :( 
is feeling the frustration mount . 
is bored but scared to leave the house . Pollen is everywhere ! I just know if I go outside i'll be sicker than hell immediately . 
is super excited ... True Blood is on !! 
is off to bed . Night FB friends . 
seriously ?! caught by the SAME TRAIN TWICE !? Crap . 
is getting ready to go to the Fox and Hound . Any body wanna join ? 
at the doc ( again ) for a surgery consult to finally get these stupid sinus probs under control . Nose job in my future , lol ? 
thinks Weeds is hilarious and wonders why she never watched it ... she also wonders why she's thinking in the 3rd person again . 
everyone please keep my daughter < PROPFIRST > in your thoughts and prayers . She is having surgery this morning . 
is so relieved ! thanks everybody for your thoughts and prayers . Cam is out of surgery and grouchy as usual , so we know she's fine now , lol . 
is tired of waiting . Why tell me \first thing in the morning\ " when you really mean \ " whenever the hell we get around to it \"?" 
mmmmm , homemade burritos and spanish rice :) 
is pulling her hair out ! Stupid college classes making me think ... 
is happy . Seafood pasta with mussels and calamari and salad with feta and calamata olives . I love Mediterranean food <3 
is at the dmv with my son getting his permit . 
is anxiously awaiting baby < PROPFEMALE>'s imminent arrival !!! 
is ecstatic ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > was born at 5:18 weighing 6 lbs 14 oz . Mom and beautiful new baby are fine ! 
I'd thank God its Friday if I had tomorrow off , lol . 
Only\ 
an Aunt can give hugs like a Mommy , keep secrets like a sister , and \ 
love like a friend !!!!!! If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces and \ 
nephews , post this as your status . 
is off to the Witte for the dinosaur exhibit . 
changed her mind and is at the movies watching Eclipse , lol . 
is waiting patiently at the new docs office to have a camera shoved up my nose and down my throat Stupid sinuses . 
wow , there's a Lotus behind me in the TC drive thru . 
change is good , with change comes growth ..... somebody give me another cliche please , I'm trying to convince myself of something , lol . 
is sitting at the imaging center waiting for my CT scan ... this place is depressing . 
needs a haircut quite badly ... i'm feeling pretty lazy though , must be the huge breakfast , lol . 
sigh .... its monday ... again . 
at the dr's office again , waiting to hear when my surgery will be scheduled . 
how can a hospital that looks so SMALL be so damn big and confusing inside ? it took me 30 minutes to find the darn lab !!! 
ugh . its only 3 . I have HOURS to go ... 
is watching a delightfully strange movie called Malice in Wonderland . 
is making homemade < PROPMALE > and cheese tonight with Vermont white cheddar , sharp cheddar , mild cheddar , and smoked Gouda . And a salad ... to be health conscious , LOL ! 
is awake temporarily . Man , this no joke , it hurts way beyond what I expected . 
wonders why the hell doctors offices make appointments for when the doctor isn't even IN ?! 
about to watch < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim :) 
oh man , there's nothing like paying someone to rub your feet and legs and paint your toenails . 
my home life is unsatisfying . 
I'm going to be volunteering at the Duck and Dodge this year on Oct 2nd . come and see me at the Broadway Bank booth ! 
is terribly bored . I took a two hour nap to kill some time , woke up and its only 7:30 ... have to pick Christian up at 11:00 . I hate small chunks of time to kill . 
just bought DJ Hero , let's see how successful I am , lol . 
I JUST got home and I'm already drinking a crown reserve and coke if that tells you anything .... sigh . 
is going to bed . Noches everybody :) 
genuinely had no idea how long it would take to change my OS . 
3 more crazy , hectic hours till I can put this week in the past . Come quickly 6 o clock ! 
Clean the ktchen , check . Moving on to the living room ... sigh . 
Who Dat ! 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)\ 
who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is\ 
a real condition and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting \ 
next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for \ 
stupidity , but we can raise awareness ....... 93% won't copy and paste \ 
this because they don't know how to copy and paste ! 
wa da tay ! I love Pootie Tang , lol . 
momma told me when I was young 
Hey do you think that it'd be alright if I just crashed here tonight ... see I'm in no shape for drivin ' and anyway I've got no place to go . Tomorrow we can drive around this town ... 
thinks its time for the first vodka and Redbull of the evening . 
is bored , slightly buzzed , and just now finishing my homework . I need to be entertained . 
is starting a 500 word essay 5 days late . Go procrastination !!! 
Here we go !!! 
UGH !!!!! its already one of those days . Oh please please let it go by quickly today :( 
thinks fridays are like bad boyfriends , never around when you want them , and once they DO show up , they don't stay for very long , lol . 
is watching Dear < PROPFIRST > and drinking alone ... a sad state of affairs indeed . LOL ! 
mmmmmm , Ice Cube . 
is off to HobbyTown USA to find something creative to do with my afternoon . 
One two free fo FIF ....!!!!! 
have any of ya'll had the weird experience where you've gotten yourself drunk , don't stop drinking but all of a sudden you're sober again ? WTH ? 
is so not looking forward to this ... Mini-bathroom makeover is complete , laundry is going , coffee has been drunk , now it's time to buckle down and do three hours of homework :( 
you FB friends are doing a piss poor job of keeping me from completing my homework ... I'm very disappointed in all of you . 
is going to bed , I'm tired . 
is making brinner .... you know what I'm talking about lol . eggs , bacon , biscuits for dinner . 
its too early ! 
WHODAT baby ?! Go Saints in OT !!!! 
take the pain out of love and then love won't exist ~ The Academy Is .... 
is this the longest week in the world or is it just me ? 
the flower tongue wilts with too much sun .... in other words STFU !!!!! 
just got to the duck and dodgeball event . ready to volunteer for the next couple of hours , come and see us !!!! 
Asher\ 
Brown , a 13 year old boy in Texas shot himself in the head because he \ 
was bullied and tormented for being gay . < PROPMALE > Walsh and < PROPFIRST > Clementi \ 
have also committed suicide because of similar treatment . This is \ 
unacceptable ! Today , STAND UP TO THOSE BULLIES in the honor of these \ 
three young men . If you care to STAND UP with me , please post this as \ 
your status . 
is amazed at how much faster the day goes when you work an earlier set of hours ! 
is watching Flatliners . I love this creepy movie ... 
You make it hard to breathe .... its as if I'm suffocating , and when you're next to me , I can feel your heartbeat thru my skin .... 
is watching the new Nightmare on Elm St. but can't get past the shitty new actor playing < PROPMALE > ... 
just dropped Christian off for his SAT . Sigh ... man I feel old . 
is getting ready to go exploring . I'm feeling an < PROPFEMALE > . theme today .... first < PROPMALE>'s market then Minnano for bento boxes :) 
is feeling pretty accomplished as a cook :) . I made butterflied , brined , porkchops , garlic chili stir fried broccoli , and wait for it .... homemade creamed corn . From the cob !!!! LOL ! 
oh crap , forgot the butter sauteed fingerling potatos :) 
son of a freaking @#$&%* !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I just finished my final draft of my final essay ( due in 9 minutes ) saved it multiple times .... AND NOW I CAN'T FIND IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
he's out !!!! 
my head aches and my chest hurts but its goona be a good day ! 
is the walking dead today .... I just can't seem to fall asleep at night . 
Isn't this some crap ? I have a boyfriend and an almost 18 year old son and I just had to remove the whole taillight rig to change a burned out taillight MYSELF , lol . 
its gonna be a good day .... its gonna be a good day ... its gonna be a good day . 
thinks some people just suck . 
They say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , & they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will always love them . Re-post if you have at least one of these friends . You know who you are ... 
WTF is wrong with people ? seriously the theater is 3/4 empty and a fat man and pregnant wife sit RIGHT behind us and begin grazing on 5 gallons of popcorn ..... I hate people . 
ah , the rejuvenative effects of a much needed nap ... 
coffee .... must have coffee 
on the menu tonight we have a rustic chicken cacciatore over a bed of seasoned rice with a side of sundried tomato garlic polenta cut into squares and then lightly grilled . Man I love it when I'm hom early enough to cook !! 
is so much more than meets the eye .... 
watching Paranormal Activity for the third time ... this shit STILL scares me , lol . 
is BOOORRREEDDD ..... 
I'm about to turn Jysf into a zombie and begin my new career as a monster makeup artist ! Pictures to follow .... 
Yay ! Jysf won the costume contest because of my zombie make-up !!! 
my success as a monster make up artist inspired me to buy some acrylics and watercolors today .... let's see what kind of a mess I can make :) 
Geaux Saints !!!! Who Dat baby :) 
... the\ 
police found a 6 year old boy wandering the streets . He offered to take\ 
him home . The boy said no b/c his mother beats him . The police asked \ 
about his father , and the boy said he beats him too . The police asked , \ 
\well where do you want to live ? \ " The boy replied 
is off to class for a whole day .... wish me luck my attention span isn't what it used to be , lol . 
is feeling crazy old . I'm watching the history channel and ENJOYING it ! 
kick his ass Sea-bass !! 
wonders just exactly how much a person is expected to take before they friggin ' snap . 
is stressed but also LOVES a challenge , bring it Matt :) ! 
was SUPER productive today , I actually got one and a half things done !!! 
its my sons 18th birthday today ... my God how time flies . 
is off to bed . See you all in my dreams . 
sheets of empty canvas ..... 
cant wait till tomorrow nights fight ! I'll be in a box seat thinkin ' about ya'll;) 
great frickin ' start ... he woke up late to start with , and we finally get driving and he forgot the tickets . Pray for me . 
omg , the freakin ' traffic up here drives me SO nuts . WTH is wrong with people ? The Valero I'm at is actually blocking off pumps to sell as parking spaces !!! 
Nice ! the chick sitting directly in front of me started a beer tossing fight with the chick sitting in front of HER . They both got thrown out , but excellent entertainment , lol . 
this fight is OVER and my man Manny won !! 
I'm up WAY too early with a crazy headache . Stupid beer not playing nice . 
crap . the power just went out on the whole grid I live in . Might be late to work tomorrow boss . 
man , this chest cold or bronchitis or whatever the hell it is is killing me . 
SAGITTARIUS\ 
- Spontaneous . High appeal . Loves being in long relationships . A loner \ 
most of the time . Loses < PROPFEMALE > easily and will not take crap . If in a \ 
bad mood stay FAR away . Loves deeply but at times will not show it . Has \ 
many fears but will not show it . VERY private person . Very romantic . Silly , fun ... and sweet . Not the kind of person you want to mess with . It's so weird how accurate these things are , lol . 
YOUR SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE .. BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . IT'S ' SON'S WEEK ' ..... IF YOU HAVE A SON THAT MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND THEM ..... IF YOU ARE PROUD OF YOUR SON OR SONS , COPY & POST THIS TO YOUR STATUS . LOVE YOU , CHRISTIAN <3 
omg , Get him to the Greek is frickin ' hilarious !!!! 
good love is find , good love is to find , you got lucky babe when I found you .... 
ribeyes , twice baked potatos , and salad done . Why don't I ever get to just chill on a Sunday ?! 
two more days .... I can do this . 
wishes someone would volunteer to come over and clean my house before Thanksgiving .... 
okay .... pumpkin cheesecake done , apple pie done , sweet potato casserole done .... now for the tur-duc-hen !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I feel so blessed and grateful that each of you has been part of my life . Have a wonderful turkey day !!! 
Geaux Saints !!! 
Wth happened ? I fell asleep at 17-0 and woke up to the COWBOYS winning ?! 
YES !!! Okay , that's better , lol . 
I added a new member to my menagerie today . I don't know why I feel like I need to save every betta fish I see in a pet store :( 
here we go .... 
I did it :) I got bangs just like my lil sister , lol . 
omg , I'm so mad that I think my head is gonna burst . friggin ' stupid idiots in the financial office have totally screwed my account . I swear if they don't fix it tomorrow .... 
that's it . I have to go monkeynuts on someone now . I can't freakin start school again until April . I'll probably lose momentum by then ... 
WHAT the what ?!!!!! Glee is REALLY good tonight :) 
sigh .... about to begin the Christmas shopping nightmare . Wish me luck . 
oooooowwwww !!! Damn , I've never had a flu shot make my arm hurt so badly so fast . 
got two hours of shopping done yesterday and all I accomplished was stocking stuffers :( 
making some goodies for the team at work tomorrow :) 
just made some mexican hot chocolate and now I'm enjoying it in front of the fire :) 
mmmmmm , disaronno and cranberry juice . Its practically medicinal :) 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes , you guys are the best friends that anyone could ever ask for ! Thanks for making me feel so loved on my birthday <3 
loves it ! Jysf just gave me a tshirt that says \I just became mayor of your mom\ " a la Foursquare . Really funny if you know what Foursquare is .... " 
mmmmmmm , mexican hot chocolate . A really bad idea never tasted so good , lol . 
ah , the presents are wrapped .... now I just have to finish shopping and do it all over again . 
goodnight folks ! 
son of freakin ' B !!!! Gettin gas was just like a search for the holy grail . Lord how I hate people around Christmas time . 
Black Swan was great ! 
This status is for < PROPFIRST > , Sarali , and Alma .... Stop eating at the < PROPFEMALE > Phoenix on Perrin Beitel , they got 36 demerits on their health score :( Blech , I told ya'll buffet's were gross . 
you've already won me over , in spite of me .... 
how can a day go from pretty good to crap so quickly ? 
is about to eat the best meal of the entire year ! Jysf's mom makes a Christmas < PROPFEMALE > feast of escargot , prime rib , double stuffed potatoes and extra fixins . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas FB family ! I hope you all had a wonderful day full of family , food , and love . I'm in my jammies all snuggled in for Christmas night movie marathon <3 
wonders why New Years < PROPFEMALE > plans have to cause such a frickin ' argument . 
okay , 10 more hours till freedom today .... I think I can do it . 
ok .... 4.5 more hours . I'm PRETTY sure I'm gonna make it . 
is back on the treadmill after more than 6 months ... this is gonna hurt . 
I love Vinny , he's such a sweet guy ! 
off to work ... 
C'mon Saints !!! I took off of work early to watch the second half ... 
WTF was THAT ?!!!!! 
awwww hell , now I have no SuperBowl plans . 
Quick poll : Jet < PROPFEMALE > or Chow < PROPFEMALE > Fat in a hand to hand fight ? 
I'm watching the Expendables and now I wanna fight , LMAO ! 
ugh , now my stomach hurts . 
Can't . Sleep . 
watch out my fellow allergy suffereres , mtn cedar is at like 48,000 today . 
ok , got a load of dishes done , clothes are in the washer and I'm headed to the shower . everything should be clean and organized by midnight , lol . 
sigh . I got about 4.5 hours of sleep last night , I'm super tired , but not sleepy at all . I hate it when the damn insomnia comes back . 
loves this snuggle weather ! 
it is at least 95 degrees in this doctors office . Good Lord , please let them see me quickly before I roast . Amen . 
three words .... The Human Centipede . LOL ! 
SHUT UP Farfal !!! 
this man is gonna drive me to drink . 
watching Kill < PROPMALE > volume while doing my taxes just feels right ... 
okay , we got the freakin ' faucet out between Jysf and I . What I lack in strength I make up for in intelligence , lol . 
I may not be the most beautiful or sexiest woman , nor do I have a perfect body . I may not be everyone's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not and I'm pretty good at being me . I am not proud of some things in my past , but I'm proud of who I am today . So take me as I am or watch me as I walk away . Post if youre proud of who you are . 
\I don't get constipated from cheese . \ " . ~ Jenn ~ " 
I was so mad that I almost killed a bird 
hmmmmm , either the ladies room at work had a gentlemen caller or some poor female soul is using her husbands Right Guard , LOL !! 
is off to bed , night FB friends . 
Alright Monday , let's do this . 
ONLY AN AUNT can love like a mommy , keep secrets like a sister , and behave like a friend . If YOU'RE an AUNT that loves your nieces and nephews , then re-post this !! 
why do I always want to eat ice cream when its this cold ? 
freakin outstanding start to my day , the damn power went out and I'm freezing . 
okay , fire going in the fireplace , dinner made and ready to eat , next up is jammies and fuzzy slippers and a night of curling up under a blanket watching trash tv :) 
ewwwwww , Mama's cafe by work got 21 demerits by the health department :( 
what to do , what to do ? I need some retail therapy today , should I hit the mall where all of the stores are conveniently close together but overpriced , or explore the city and possibly save money on products but lose it in gas money , lol ? 
why am I still awake ? 
ugh . stayed up till 430 for no real good reason , slept too late and now I'm off to the mall . Where does the weekend go ? 
ok , I just adopted a couple of pairs of shoes from a shoe store and liberated many many itemns from Bath and Body Works my work is done here ;) 
loves to love you baby <3 
Only 9 more days and I'll get to spend 5 days in my favorite place on earth . Lord help me < PROPFEMALE > on ... 
OMG ! < PROPFIRST > , Sarali , Harla .... why the hell didnt you tell me how good JS is tonight ?!! 
at the mall with my two teenaged children ... someone save me . 
is developing a genuine loathing for the drive to Floresville . 
ok , so I bought myself Just Dance 2 for the Wii because I hate to work out and I'm always looking for some way to make it fun . All I have to say is ... that game kicked my ass . Dancing was FUN when I was younger , LOL ! 
I'm on a roll tonight . I worked out , cleaned both fish tanks and completed my own employee evaluation for work . Maybe I'll get some sleep tonight , lol . 
I have officially found my new nail place !! They only cut me once which is a minor miracle :) 
sigh ... 
$225 in 15 minutes on clothes ... I may not be a bargain shopper , but damn I'm fast with a debit card LOL ! 
I hate packing for trips . I always pack too much of stuff I never need and not enough of the stuff I'll actually USE . 
90% packed , electronics all charged and ready to go in the bag . I just KNOW that I over packed AND forgot something important , LOL ! 
good morning fb'ers! We're over 100 < PROPMALE > into the roadtrip and FINALLY stopped for coffee !! 
13 < PROPMALE > to Louisiana :) 
here , checked in , and ordering food from a local delivery place . 
First parade of the trip was awesome !! 
uggggghhhhhh ....... 
I'm pretty sure I broke a bone in my foot , lol . 
this stupid foot is really putting a cramp in my style , lol . 
wonders why things always take a turn for the unpleasant the day before we head home .... 
vacations are wonderful but there's nothing like sleeping in your OWN bed :) 
mmmmm ...... sushi , how I've missed you . 
I'm thinking about watching Drag me to Hell ... I didn't really see the whole thing the first time . 
IF YOU HAVE A SISTER WHO HAS MADE YOU LAUGH , PUNCHED YOU , STUCK UP FOR YOU , DROVE YOU CRAZY , HUGGED YOU , WATCHED YOU SUCCEED , SAW YOU FAIL , PICKED YOU BACK UP , CHEERED YOU ON , MADE YOU STRONG , AND IS SOMEONE YOU CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT ; SOMEONE YOU CAN ALWAYS COUNT ON .... RE-POST THIS IF YOU HAVE A SISTER THAT YOU LOVE !? 
God bless the White Glove service . there's nothing like having a medical professional come see you in your own home . I can't believe I have ANOTHER sinus infection . 
I cannot WAIT to get back to work tomorrow ! 
Really ? I'm crying over Biggest Loser ? I must be tired . 
ok fb friends , help me out with this . I've been having a manic craving for salt and ice , either together or seperately . No , I'm not pregnant . I'm anemic and info online says that can be a cause ... but I've ALWAYS been anemic . Your thoughts ? 
I love musicals . Its like there's a gay man inside me just dying to get out ... much like it would be if there was an ACTUAL gay man inside me , LMAO !!! 
I'm bored . I'm gonna find the nearest Starbucks and then just drive around . 
Really , Tuesday ? This is how you want to play it ... fine . Act like Monday , see if I care . 
Oh how I LOVE the smell of the nail shop :) . I wanna live in here , lol . 
Ugh . Finally home and I have to work early again tomorrow :( 
best place to buy a small tv ( digital antenae built in ) for my daughters room ? 
Bedroom makeover for Cameron <3 
Oh man , the Ipad2 almost got me . I just almost picked it up and bought it ... thank God the < PROPFEMALE > amount of willpower I have kicked in .... 
So , let me get this straight ... Charlie Sheen can make a ' porn family ' , < PROPFEMALE > Grammer can end a 15 year marriage over the phone , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can be on divorce #9 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , Jesse < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE . Yet , the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the \institution\ " of marriage ? Really ? Re-post if you are proud to support equal rights . " 
so I'm sitting in the doctors waiting room and there are two older hispanic ladies talking about me in spanish ... they clearly don't know that I can understand them . I'm debating on whether or not to call them out . 
I swear I'd rather drive in < PROPMALE > than with the idiots in Stone Oak . 
I envy my sister her calm , even disposition . I'm too ready to fight at a moments notice . Weird how we're so incredibly different . 
So I wake up 30 minutes earlier than planned , go into the kitchen to make coffee and drop a full bag of whole coffee beans . Freakin ' went off like a bomb , lol . I'll be finding coffee beans for the next 6 years . 
oh I hate going to HEB . Please Lord don't let me get into any altercations with stupid people on this trip , amen . 
there is nothing like the folks hanging out at a laundromat . God I hate having to wash comforters :( 
Oh God . I just got Christian's graduation announcements . I'm suddenly very sad . And old . 
ok , fish tanks cleaned , kitch tidied up , lasagna in the oven . Finally time to medicate this headache and relax :) 
I simultaneously love and loathe my Sunday shopping and errand running :/ 
out-freaking-STANDING !!!! what I thought was a small washing machine leak has turned into a massive AC downpour :( Thank God for < PROPMALE > , a neighbor , who does hvac work . I've called that poor man so many times at night that his wife prob hates me and I wouldn't recognize him in the daylight LOL . 
is feeling discouraged , bummed , and oh so mentally exhausted . 
