This has been a long ass week for all of us at work . Thanks guys for everything you've done . Love you all !!! 

It has been a very long day at work . I am more than ready to go home and relax for the day . I just wish that I didn't have to deal with so much B.S. sometimes . 
This is way too much snow !!! I can't remember the last time I saw this much snow . We have gotten heavy snow 4 times in 2 weeks and a huge one right before Christmas !!! I WANT IT TO STOP ALREADY !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > can't have cancer ..... he is too young .... I just can't believe it ..... 
About to interview for a management position . Hopefully I get it !!!!! 
hmmm .... been a long day .... ready to go home and relax ..... 
I think things are all falling apart around me and then something wonderful happens . Today my brother finally decided what he needs to do to fix his life and I am so proud of him . I hope everything works out for him the way it should ..... 
Nothing is gonna hold me back !!! I'm a big girl now and can handle all my own shit !!! 
Wish I could just clock in and start working already !!!! I really hope today goes by fast 
Thank God it's Friday . I am so ready to have my little baby with me . I miss her ! 
NAP TIME !!!!! 
I ADMIT IT ! I'M A HANDFUL !!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then ... post this on your status .... I DARE YOU 
Hmmm .... I really need to figure out what it is that I want and how I am gonna get it .... 
Tough girls come from New York ... Sweet girls , they're from Alabama ... but us TEXAS girls , we have fire & ice in our blood ! We can ride horses , be a debutante , throw left hooks , & < PROPFEMALE > with the boys ; all the while making sweet tea ; Darlin ' , & if we have an opinion , YOU KNOW YOU'RE GONNA HEAR IT ! Nuthin like beinga TEXAS GIRL !!!!! If U R a true TEXAS Girl repost this !!! 
I don't know why I have to feel like this .... so worried all the time that someone is about to screw me over ..... too much heartache ..... 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Everysingle one of you are on my Friend list is a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family !... Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention .... Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who reposts ;) Thank you for caring 
A friend is someone who walks in when everyone else walks out . 
ooh .... I hate liars ! 
A man who hits a woman isn't a man at all 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her . . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
My baby got to go to the circus ... I wish I had been there to see her face . :( 
Well , I'm off to bed ... been a long day and I'm more than ready to crash ..... good night world 
I'm more than ready to go home ! It's napping weather today ! The sunshine needs to hurry up and come back !!! 
I love Friday's . They are the one thing that's guaranteed to make me smile ! I love my little baby ! 
some bands are strictly for old people and little kids .... Glad that < PROPFEMALE > had fun at least . 
Oh ! I ate way too much .... should really learn to limit my food intake ! But I love food so much ! 
My phone has officially decided not to work .... gotta go figure out why when I get outta here . So sorry to everyone who just can't wait to hear my sweet voice :p 
UGH !!! Why do men have to be so damn stubborn all the time ? THE WORLD DOES NOT REVOLVE AROUND YOU !!! 
3 days to baby shower ... lots to do !! 
I'm done with the bullshit already ..... STEP UP DAMNIT !!!! 
Baby Shower was a success !!! And now I get to relax and enjoy my evening !!! 
Today is a good day for you to dream . Beware that structured forces may try to convince you that the route you want to take isn't exactly the most practical . You don't necessarily have to be practical in order to be successful or prosperous . Use your imagination . Let your creative spirit lead you to the next step . Find true strength in your ability to recognize and understand the needs of others 
Why is it that just when you think you are starting to know someone you find out that things are not at all what they seem ? 
It's never been about how I feel or what I think ..... why can't it just be about me for once ? 10 mins of pure me time would be nice .... 
Mother is god in the eyes of A child . < PROPFEMALE > protect and love them every day . Keep in mind they didn't ask to be here , you made that choice for them . 
I don't think I ever get enough sleep ! So Sleepy .... wish I could stay in bed and snuggle with a special person ..... 
I think people should just quit judging others for what they do ! Let them live their own lives and be happy . We all have to learn from our own mistakes . Until that moment ... we are all going to do what we want to do . And for those who say if a person does certain things they're going to hell ..... whatever happened to \Only God Shall Judge me\ " or \ " Judge not Least Ye Be Judged \"?" 
How do I just end this ? 
hmm ...... yet another day in \paradise \"" 
mmmm ..... 
when will the good that I've been waiting for finally come to me ? 
where are you when I need you ? 
It's been a much better day today ( so far ) . Thank you all for being so great to me ! I love ya all !! * muah * 
Got absolutely no sleep last night . Spent the whole night tossing and turning . Just one question .... why am I so damn misunderstood ? Everytime I have good intentions they end up biting me in my ass ! Well I'm done . If you don't like the real me . Go get fucked ! 
True heroism is remarkably sober , very \ 
undramatic . It is not the urge to surpass others at whatever the cost , \ 
but to serve others at whatever cost - < PROPFIRST > Ashe 
Get to file for my divorce on Tuesday !!! YAY !!! 
blah blah blah ... ya de dadada ! 
does he want to be dead before he even gets the < PROPMALE > to see his father ? doesn't he know that people really care about him and that bitch only cares about the next hit ? what's more important .... drugs or your family and friends ? 
Thank you for always cheering me up ! * muah * 
this is starting to get really irritating !!! 
Some people need to learn to control their tempers .... and not cuss me out for doin my job the way it should be done .... stupid custodians !!!! 
Here's to knowing that things are slowly getting better . All it takes is hard work and persistance . My advise to everyone is to never give up on what you really want . Work to make your dreams come true . Love my friends ! 
There comes a time in our lives when we have to stop thinking about all the wrongs done to us and move on . Wallowing in self pity will get us nowhere in life . Sadly most of us have to learn this the hard way . 
If you're brave copy this in your status & see what people rate you .. ( 1)crazy ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4)sarcastic ( 5 ) loveable ( 6)kissable ( 7 ) strong ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10)weird ( 11 ) wild(12 ) goofy(13 ) funny ( 14 ) awesomely awesome ( 15 ) amazing ( 16 ) beautiful(17 ) cute ... ( 18 ) sexy ( 19 ) slow ( 20 ) no words can explain --- Kind of scared to read what people think ! 
A word of advice : Survival is not about who is the strongest or who can hurt who the most . It's about knowing how to keep yourself out of situations where you have to fight to survive . 
Now is the time for me to do what's right for me and my daughter . 
UGH !!!! I Hate the rain !! Why does my house have to flood every big rain storm we get ? How do I stop it ? Gonna be up all night trying to clean this mess up and stop it from getting worse ! 
oh so tired this morning ..... not looking forward to a long day at work at all .... BLAH !! 
You never know when something is going to come along and change your life forever . Don't be afraid of change . 
I really need to make a few changes in my life . I'm more than ready for my new beginning . 
Why is it that things decide that they are gonna fall apart for me at the world's worst time ? It's a very good thing I am who I am ... otherwise it might all be enough to make me snap .... 
If it weren't for my friends , I would be lost . Thank you all ! I love you guys ! 
Water just broke ... so hopefully we get to meet Addison soon ! 
BABY ADDISON IS HERE ! She was born at 5 . As soon as I have more details , I will let you all know ! 
Ready to go cash my check .... then pay bills ! Plan on relaxin all evening ... after I go pick up a dog ! 
Am SSSOOOO ready to get home , shower and relax for the rest of the night ! Been a long day with 1 long drawn out meeting ! Good News- my < PROPMALE > project that I've been working on for the past 3 months is FINALLY finished ! 
Only have to make it through 1 more day of work then the wonderful weekend ! Can't wait for my trip to Texas ! I've missed my family SO much ! It's been WAY WAY too long ! 
in less than 72 hours , I will be home visiting with all my family that I haven't seen in years ! So excited ! Was a very peaceful weekend with my baby girl ! 
No longer going to Texas ! Sorry family ! Love you all and wish I could see you . I will be going to home at another time in the next few months ! 
> Rest in Peace Nutter Butter ! You will be missed < \ 
This is all really hard to believe ! an unarmed man shot by the police !?!? What kind of world do we live in where people aren't safe from the people who are supposed to protect us ? 
So tired ... wish that I could just go home and crawl into bed .... feel like shit ! Goodness being a woman sucks sometimes !!!! 
I'm so excited that my Mom will be here in a few hours ! I've missed her so much . It makes me feel like I'm gonna cry just thinking about how long it's been since I've seen her . Now I can't wait for the work day to be over . 
So happy to have spent the evening yeaterday with my mom family . Felt great to have my mom on one side of me and my baby on the other . Feeling very good today . 
been kinda a rough weekend . had to deal with some shit that I didn't want to deal with . but it will be getting better sonner rather than later .... I hope 
Today is going to be a good day ... I can already tell 
Things are going to get much better from here on out . I am way too stubborn to loose this battle . Thanks for the help .... 
Things are GREAT !!! Thank you to all my very good friends for helping to make things happen . I couldn't have done it all without you ! 
Why must the simplest things be so difficult to take care of ? 
I have carried a child within my body ... I have comforted a baby on my chest ... My body is not magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror Isee a mother , and there is no greater honor or blessing ! Make this yourstatus if your proud to be a mother ! I love , Love , LOVE my beautiful ... babiy ! Nothing better than being a mommy !!! 
It is going to be a great day !!!! In my house now and getting it all cleaned ! Ready for some furniture and then I will finally feel at home ! 
so tired today .... but good news is that my house is finally becoming a home ! I am so excited .... still a lot to do , but we are on our way there ! YAY !!! 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . ( I grew up saying this in school every morning- it's a shame we can no longer do that for fear of offending ... someone ) . NOW , LET'S SEE HOW MANY AME ...... RICANS WILL RE ... POST ...... !! I am proud to be that American and stand for what I believe in 
I am looking to adopt a dog in need . As much as I would love to take a puppy , I am more intrested in rescuing a dog that is in danger of bein put down . I want a dog that will get along with my 4 year old daughter and be a good guard dog . If anyone has any information to help me find what will be the newest member of my family , please send me a message ! Thank you ! 
Sometimes I don't know what to do ... how to handle certain things ! I spend all week teaching my daughter manners and then she goes to her dad's house and comes back to me with worse behavior than the week before ! What am I gonna do ? 
I feel so sick right now .... and lost 
UUUGGGGHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!! I freaking hate men ! 
My mind is made up : I am going to find out exactly what is causing my daughter to act out and then I'm gonna handle the problem . And he can get as angry as he wants at me , but if he really thought about it ( or cared ) he would see that I am doing it for my baby ! 
I have carried children within my body . I have comforted a baby on my chest . I have kissed booboos , mended broken hearts , been puked & peed on , woke up in the middle of the night to a feverish child & more . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a mom , ...... and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a mom ! 
I am determined to make today a good day . I will find a way to aleviate my stresses and hold my head up high . I am a strong and independent woman !!! 
I like it on the Dining Room Table !!! 
Another good day today ! YAY !!! With the type of friends I have it's hard to be in a bad mood ... especially cuz it's Friday !!! 
Some days , a person just doesn't want to climb out of bed and face the world outside their door . 
Wost day ever !! where is my shoulder to cry on ? 
When will this discusting hallow feeling go away ? when will my head stop hurting and my heart stop crying ? 
Court at 10am Monday . Hope all goes well ... wish me luck .... 
He must be scared .... hahaha .... a continuance ? Really ? It's not a criminal case ... no need for an attorney ! He just needs to do the right thing and keep his dirty hands to himself ! 
Feeling very good today ! Maybe special people just make me happy ! 
Gonna be a wonderful day .... thanks for the help ! 
Been a GREAT day ! Had tons of laughs and smiles thanks to my wonderful friends and co-workers ! I love you guys ! 
It's really sad when you smell a semi full of cows and get homesick ! But ... what can I say , I'm still a country girl at heart ! 
Some people thing they are smarter than they really are . HA ! You're not foolin anyone ! 
?? Your daughter will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold \ 
your heart for a lifetime . It's national \daughter's week\ " so f you \ 
gonna be a good day today ! 
Internal storms are a bitch ! Now to get through mine in one piece .... hmmm 
Feelin good now .... chillen with my baby girl and watchin a movie before bed ! I love my < PROPFEMALE > ! No one holds a candle to you baby ! 
UUUGGGGHHHHHH !!!!! My mouth hurts so damn bad ! wtf !! 
Today is one of those days when I really really dislike human kind .... especially certain humans .... 
At Age 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom don’t know much . At 14 : Mom doesn't know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder what Mom thinks ... about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world !!! 
Gonna be a long few weeks ... Thank you < PROPFIRST > for the talk last night ! Love ya big bro ! ( you too < PROPFEMALE > and all the kids ) 
Oh .... what I wouldn't give to be able to have the man I want in my arms tonight and every night ! I think I deserve to have a great man !!! ooh ... and to not be sick anymore ... lol 
Got a call from < PROPMALE > last night ... and today while I was at work ... very strange .... but I still never got to talk to him ! Hopefully he doesn't just disappear for another 6 months !!! 
Wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and your picture in a frame . Your memory is a ... keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms , I have you in my heart . Re-post if you love someone in Heaven . 
It has been one of those weeks that seems 10 times longer than normal .... 
why can ' I just open my mouth and say what I need to say ? I hvae never had a problem speaking my mind before ! 
some people ! I freakin swear ! 
Some things are harder than they seem , like holding ur head up when everything around u is falling apart . But in the end , everything will turn out the way it is supposed to .... it'll do me good to remember that ..... 
Good Morning Everyone ! It's going to be a wonderful day ! Thanks darlin ! 
Who actually knows me ? I will be very impressed with those that can answer all the questions that aren't family . First name____ Middle name_____ Last name_____Age_____Birthday_____Eyecolor_____ Hair color_____ Nickname_____Favorite color_____Bestfriends_____ Favorite sport to play____ Post this as your status to see who gets it right ! 
Going to be an intresting morening .... got court in 1 hour ! woo-hoo ( can you hear my sarcasm ? ) 
Guess some people just don't know what's right and what's wrong ! GRRRRR ! 
blah ! some people man ! 
It's been a very long day .... my head is swimming with crap that needs to be taken care of .... I really wish I had the support I need .... 
Horoscope told me to allow myself to be lazy today .... but NNNNOOOOO .... boss lady won't let me leave work ! hahaha .... love ya < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I really freakin HATE bad dreams ..... Here's to hopin they get better .... 
I am truely Blessed .... 
< PROPFEMALE > with her Play Cell Phone : \Ugghh ! Mom all my friends are messaging me at once . They just won't leave me alone ! They have too many questions for me\ " \ 
Gonna be a good morning ! 
My baby is getting SO big ! There are times when it's easy to forget that she's not even 5 yet ! 
I need to calm my temper so that I can get to sleep .... some people really get under my freakin skin ! 
We\ 
are asking everyone to say a prayer for the US \Darkhorse\ " 3rd \ 
every relationship rests on three legs : accepting , supporting and challenging . That's really it , isn't it ? You want your relationships to be grounded on accepting each other as you are . On supporting each other through the inevitable ups and downs . On challenging each other to become more , to grow , to flourish . 
Join the fight against child abuse . Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same ... 
It's been a very long morning ... gotta catch up on some of my work today ! 
really freakin tired of all the BS !!! 
This state does NOT know how to assist families who need it ! Grrr .... I f**king loathe Kansas ! 
I miss my best friend ... years of laughs and late nights ..... and I haven't seen him in a long ass time ! < PROPMALE > Dahl , ur the best friend that I have ! When you finally find the time in ur busy schedule , come see me and ur god daughter ! <3 
A person has 1000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died or is fighting for your freedom please repost . Thank you ! Uncle < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > ! Love ya all ! 
I got < PROPFEMALE > a hampster for her birthday only for the thing to have 7 babies the very next day ! anyone want a hampster ? 
If I had a dollar for everytime someone decided to F**k me over , I would be a millionaire ! why can't I just hide under a rock and forget everything ? 
If you want your kids to start talking to you , just pick up the phone and pretend to be in a deep conversation with someone else :p 
tomorrow is < PROPFEMALE>'s 5th Birthday Party ! Oh my baby is getting so big ... Mommy loves you < PROPFEMALE > !! <3 
< PROPFEMALE>'s 5th Birthday Party today ! I have a whole lot do to still .... woohooo ! 
Been a long day sittin around not doin much .... why is it that I am more tired on days when I don't do anything than days when I am doin somethin that is very labor intensive ? BLAH ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! I hope you all have a wonderful and love-filled Holiday ... I know I will . There is nothing better than seeing the excited glint in my baby's eyes as she GIVES gifts ! lol ... yes she gets more excited about giving gifts than getting them this year ... makes a Mother proud ! 
I'm so tired of this repetitive an lonely life of mine ... lol ... what I need to do is run away and figure out how to make my life right ... but me doing that would cause pain for other people ... so nevermind that thought ... lol . I am a very mixed up individual . 
Happy Birthday to my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > ! You're a great Aunt and I love you and miss you ! Hope your birthday is great ! All my Love ! 
INBOX ONLY . 2010 is almost over . Confess something you have always wanted to TELL me OR ask me . [ 100% private ] put this as your status . You might be surprised 
Hello Everuone ! I have 5 Baby Hampsters that I am looking for homes for . They are about 4 weeks old and ready to GO ! Give me a call or send a message if you are intrested ! Thanks ! 
Wonders why some people put them selves before their children . When are you going to realize your actions will affect their entire lives ? 
There isn't a better feeling than walking into a room with your hair a mess , pj's on , and mismatched socks and your child saying \mommy u r so beautiful\ " <3 " 
Woohoo ! < PROPMALE > will be here tomorrow ! I am SO excited ! Can't wait to see you brother ! 
Blah .... middle of the night call to come and sit here being dispatch ... woohooo ! After an hour of sleep ... let's see how long it takes me to turn into a snail ... 
Ugh ! meetings all day everyday it seems like .... oh well .... at least I write fast 
I really love my Beanie Queen .... she knows how to keep a smile on my face . 
< PROPMALE > is a cookie MONSTER ! arrghh ! 
This stupid snow and cold weather crap has GOT TO GO ! it's cold and miserable here ! Stupid Kansas ! 
I'm so f'in smart that I make smart people look retarded ! 
If I have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what i think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now days without being labeled .. So what , go ahead and label me , see if i give a shit . Repost this if you're proud of who you are !! 
Came into work extra early today so I am off in time for < PROPFEMALE>'s Baby Shower ... so tired ! I am so excited to meet Baby < PROPMALE > ! Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > and Bren ... you guys are gonna be AWESOME parents ! 
I can not stand being used and I am not stupid enough to allow it to continue . What I need to do is going to cause a lot of pain but it will be better for me and my baby .... Alanna is my priority more than anything or anyone ! 
Last night was an eventful nigh that ended with me and my puppy FINALLY snuggled up in bed together in a completely silent house ! 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have an amazing Sister , put this as your status !! ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
I love my life . I surround myself with amazing people who are here for me always . Thank you all for all that you do . You guys are amazing ! Love y'all!!! MUAH ! 
ONLY AN AUNT can love like a mommy , keep secrets like a sister , and behave like a friend . If you're an aunt that LOVES your NIECES and NEPHEWS , post this to your status ! 
So you ask ... Do I work ? Uhm yes , I work 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I am a MOMMY , I am an alarm clock , a cook , a maid , a teacher , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a security officer , a photographer , a counselor , a chauffeur , an ATM , a jungle gym , & a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay , or days off . I work through the DAY & NIGHT . I am on call at ALL hours . Post if you are a proud mommy ? !! 
If a person takes responsibilty for their own life and believes that good things will come , things will turn out the way that they should be . Have faith in yourself and all things will be for the best . Life is what we make it ! 
I am the sum of my experiences , good and bad , they have made who I am today , so I live a happy person with no regrets and a little more wisdom each day ... \ 
\ 
* an after thought * Pain is inevitable but suffering is a choice . 
There is no greater happiness than freedom from worry , and there is no greater wealth than being content with life . 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anybody can start today and make a new ending . Here's to a new ending :) 
To < PROPFEMALE > and Brennan : Congratulations you guys ! < PROPMALE > is absolutely adorable ! You guys did a great job ! I am SO happy for you both ! If you ever need anything let me know ! I'll always help any way I can . Love you both ! 
if it isn't one thing in life then it's another . But I guess that's just life ... take it one step at a time and everything will work out ( that's what I keep tellin myself ) 
