It's hard to wait for something that might never come ... like Jesus . 

I'm finally here ... 
I'm taking the next bus off this silly planet ... >.< 
When the rain comes down . I'll show you where . The hole you left is still cold and bare . An empty space beside me in bed . I still smell your sweat where once laid your head . 
It's blue , and it tastes like berries ... But it's not blueberry jello ... >.< 
What a curious feeling I was woken up to ! The cool morning air makes me pull my toes under the blanket . Yet the thrill of my dreams the night before only elevates in anticipation of the excitement of the day waiting for me ahead ! 
I fuck with reality . You better believe I just came back from outer space ! Made a pit stop in Africa and swam back home . When I paddle , I sound like < PROPFIRST > . ^_^ 
Making a sock monkey with my < PROPMALE > . =D 
It is 3 in the morning , yet I have no < PROPFEMALE > to sleep any longer ... Something is wrong with this picture ... I'm not used to this ... >.< ... 
My world expands with each breath that I take ... And with it so does my heart and mind ... And so it goes , until my final breaths are taken ... 
Morning came and cleared my head , and all that past seemed far and dead . No loneliness of any kind , can bother my new peaceful mind . 
What ever happened to teh gimmickry ? 
Going rock climbing with < PROPFEMALE > today ! I'm practically shivering with excitement ! ^_^ 
Can't find my shoes ... I gots the early morning blues ... XP 
Incest is gross ... But name one guy who wouldn't get it on with a horny set of twins ... 
Your words intoxicate and liberate ... They bring me to my knees and make me cry the happiest tears I have ever felt ... I have never felt my brain explode quite as beautifully as it did tonight ... I crave freedom from oppression and I hunger for god's strength to bring me closer to the lightnening that is your mind ... 
Great ... Now I'm sick >.< 
I want a slave ! No men please <3 
Good day , sunshine ! 
Procrastinating will be the end of me ... Fuck , I'm still doing it >.< 
Everyone seems to be taking turns stressing me out today ... Anyone else ? I need a massage >.< 
I'm a grumpy bitch this morning ... don't fuck with me 
I feel so glamorous ^_^ 
Hope for the best , expect the worst ... 
I'm gonna fill MY fucking tank ! With what you ask ? With energy ^_^ 
Good friends will call you multiple times at 5 in the morning to ask you some of the worlds most pressing questions .... Like where the weed at ? Just shoot me now please >.< 
is too tired to feel lonely ... I'm forgetting how good it feels to relax and play guitar for a while ... Where is my mind ? 
I love being up early on crappy days . Coffee and aimless staring at puddles out my window ... Four hours outside in the rain ? Hell yeah , here I come wfp !!! 
Anyone going to the movies this weekend ? 
The trick is to combine your waking rational abilities with the infinite possibilities of your dreams . Because , if you can do that , you can do anything . 
Paranormal Activity ... what can I say ... < PROPFEMALE > is a wimp ... and the movie was blah ... 
It's all fun and games until someone gets hurt ... 
Today is the last day of classes for me ... I am in desperate need of celebration .. call me !!! 
On really romantic evenings of self , I go salsa dancing with my confusion . 
It was five years ago today ... I miss my daddy . 
Dream is < PROPFEMALE > ... If you haven't already done so , watch the Waking Life ... take a bite of some existential pie . 
wants to go to a movie , or to a museum , or ice skating , or a cafe for hot cocoa . I'd also be up for games , making shadow puppets and people watching at Union Square . I would stay up late talking about dumb shit on the phone , share links to cool sites and sing along if i already know the song you're listening to . I'd lend you a helping hand and a shoulder to cry on if you lend me an ear and a napkin to wipe my tears 
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness . Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost . 
Going out to buy myself a new mp3 player ... douche .. 
It is physically impossible to get lost in this fucking city ... I've tried ... 
how can I make this day worth living 
YES ... I feel so much better now ... who says you need drugs to feel good ? 
its not bitching if i give a shit <3 
needs a printer ... =( 
Im going on a sephorathon in the city ... at LEAST one of the ten stores are bound to hire me ... wish me luck XP 
Sephorathon part deux today . Cha'mone! =P 
the more I learn about life , the less I seem to understand it ... 
* sigh * 
Beer , stoges , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > Casserole , and vaginal piercings ... >.> 
today I will be painting Christmas on a tea store window ... Christmas ? 2010 ? omg wtf ... where has the year gone >.< 
I'm pretty proud of my < PROPMALE > syness today ^_^ Tomorrow I shall < PROPMALE > me up a kickass business card ! 
I'm going on a last minute trip to the museum of natural history with < PROPFIRST > and my little sister ... ^_^ yay ! 
my 8 year old sis learned to multiply and divide in like 2 hours ... next im gonna teach her fractions and exponents ... algebra shouldnt be too hard eighter ... im raising a super genius ! MUAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!! 
All's fair in love and war . 
To my left , I have what's right .. To my right , I have whatever's left .. I'm moving forward ... 
is fighting an ongoing battle against negativity and sadness ... To see the beauty in the world is a talent that requires < PROPFEMALE > and practice . 
Everything is awesome . Fundamentally . 
is filled to the brim with yummy deliciousness =P 
It's not the end of the world when you're feeling bad . Embrace the bad and examine it . Taste it and smell it and feel it circulate through your body . Learn to love the bad before it destroys your love . 
Reality's a bitch . 
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own . 
It's too cold for errands >.< 
So , I almost got hit by a speeding car on the way to the store today . Nothing like a near death experience to spice up an otherwise cold and uneventful day ... I need a beer ... A hug would be nicer tho . 
Remember to always think twice . Don't think twice . 
The gorillaz station on pandora is making me sooooo happy ! 
Everyone's unhappy , everyone's ashamed , everyone is crazy , everyone's to blame . 
I am not my thoughts , nor am I an image , emotion , name or body . I am the observer , a perfect spirit of god . 
Don't be a jerk ! It's Christmas !!! 
I found a twenty dollar < PROPMALE > on the street ! Now I need to figure out a good way to spend it ... I'm thinking eighter beer or toys for homeless kids ... decisions decisions ... >.< 
I <3 wrapping paper ^_^ 
I'm perfect for somebody , even if it isn't you . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I haven't been that good this year . Sorry about that . When you come by tonight to leave me my expensive and completely undeserved gifts be sure to eat all my cookies . If it's at all possible , take all of those shiny gifts back and bring me someone to love and to hold for the holidays . That would be pretty sweet . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
It's all fun and games until you get sick . Then you feel like a dunce for not getting a flu shot . 
Should old acquaintance be forgot and never braught to mind ? We'll take a cup o ' kindness yet for old < PROPFEMALE > syne . 
Don't take it so bad . You're a great friend Facebook , but our relationship is getting a little out of hand . I just need some space . I need to explore a world outside of us . Texting is fine , but I am looking for something more . 
Just call me < PROPFEMALE > Creamcheese . I'm a bagel girl . lol 
Sometimes it helps to laugh at myself . 
Being alone isn't so bad . It's a little like riding a bike through a valley ... or masterbating in the dark . 
I'm an awesome , interesting , full of energy , and incredibly funny person . But I'm only like this if you pay me and drive me home afterwards . My work persona frightens me . 
I'm sorry . 
I never knew that stop signs looked so great ! It's like I just stepped out of a fog I've lived in all my life . HD reality ... 
thanks guys . i sure do feel that facebook love . 
If you're reading this then I don't completely hate you <3 
is home at last 
i need more ladies in my life .. 
In case you don't already know , I can't whiten your teeth , make you lots of money or suck the fat out of you .. and I really hate hackers 
Sometimes I dream about my facebook community as a pleasant grassy valley . With all my friends as little flowers and bees with 2-D cut out picture faces . Facebook is a lot more magical in my dreams .. 
I'm boycotting the acronym ' ily ' ... really ? Have we gotten that lazy that we can't even waste a few extra milli seconds to say something beautiful ? 
Just one more day . Things will never be the same again . Be afraid ... MUAHAHAHAHA !!! 
spent all day riding a bicycle . Best day EVER ! 
God has a sick sense of humor . 
I need to figure out a way to transport one egg in my backpack to karls house on a bike without getting egg goo on my books .. any ideas ?? 
Love love love love love love love ! Rain is nice =D 
Educational software for gradeschoolers is hella fun . I end up having more fun then my sister ! Ground squirrels hibernate in the summer to get away from the heat . I wish I could do that ... and dont even get me started on < PROPFIRST > Sandiago XP 
Last night I had a dream where I baught one of those Kindle electronic book readers and I remember thinking how awesome it was ... This really scares me , I hope my dreams don't start turning into commercials . 
Someone with the number 1(646)591-9292 has been calling me for weeks and not saying anything ... please prank call it , blow it up , use it to buy ringtones , i don't care ... 
It's been so long since I felt sand between my toesies . I love < PROPFEMALE > Betancourt and < PROPFEMALE > Colosimo <3 
I wish there was a soundtrack for this feeling . 
I can't sleep when I feel like I'm melting ... guh 
I seriously need to stop shooting myself in the foot .. 
a movie has never made me nauseous before ... sick sick sick , I almost threw up ... 
I'm going to the Dominican Republic on Tuesday .. Gonna get my tan on ! 
So much to do and absolutely no urge to get out from under these covers ... It's gonna be a long fucking day ... 
Three hours till go time , I'm itching with excitement . XP 
WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!! c ya on friday ! 
Weather is ass , but I'm happy to be back home .. 
I actually was interested in talking to these jehovah witness chicks , but when I started asking questions , they got uncomfertable and left ... That kinda mad me sad . I guess that means I'm not excepted into the kingdom of god or someshit . 
It's wonderful , I dream of you . Chips < PROPFIRST > ps < PROPFIRST > ps da didoo didoo < PROPFIRST > bum < PROPFIRST > bum bum . 
It's official ! I'm going back to school this fall ! Gonna get my knowledge on ! I'm so proud of me ^_^ 
Bonfire at the Plum tonight . Are YOU man enough ? 
I just got bitch smacked by a trojan virus . I guess there will be no internet for me . =( 
C'est la vie 
Drunken kite flying is surprisingly fulfilling . 
On an air conditioned train listening to 101.9 . It is like they are reading my musical mind ! Perfection .. 
I feel like a dried up sea monster , I might cry =( 
As soon as my head hit the pillow , a man came and took my bed away ... 
Is anyone else pissed about the fact that they remade the original We Be Burning song by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ? Not only did they change it completely so that there is no marijuana references at all , they made it damn near impossible to find it on youtube . 
There is a huge moth in my room and I'm too much of a pussy to go in there . I can't fall asleep knowing it might fly over and try to make friends with my face . 20 dollars to the person who comes over and gets rid of it =( 
I just got hired to work at Party City . HOOOORRAAAHH ! XP 
Whatever you do , don't be bored . This is absolutely the most exciting time we could have possibly hoped to be alive . And things are just starting . 
Dowside of the day : I lost my portfolio and all my artwork . Upside of the day : Going to Playa < PROPMALE > Fuego in < PROPMALE > aware for the weekend ... Honestly , I just hope whoever found it liked it enough not to throw it out :/ 
I haven't smoked a cigerette in three weeks and I'm starting to feel it .. It sucks =( 
I need a lightbulb . 
This thanksgiving I am thankful for my mom who is a champion and does the impossible ( mothering me and my little sissy ) . I am thankful for my friends who make my life worth living and my sweet Iggy who doesn't need an explanation cause he already knows how amazing I think he is . <3 I'm hungry .. 
I guessed how many < PROPFEMALE > things were in the jar and I won a free metrocard ! im awesome =D 
Me and Iggy just saw < PROPFIRST > Duchovny while geocaching in the city . I imagined him being a little taller in person . 
100 caches in the bag ! XD 
I just watched Thumbelina and cried for my childhood . Sad ? Yes . Only a child could enjoy such a simple story without overanalyizing all the stupid flaws . Tomorrow ? Probably Balto or The Troll in Central Park ! 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes ! It was such a great day and leading into a good night with my sweety ! <3 
Voluntarily waking up really early every morning is the hardest thing I've ever had to do . But it is necessary . I get it done and that's all that matters ! 
I've been labeling my school essays very angrily lately . I use names like \1984 essay goddamnit\ " and \ " fucking health bullshit\ " . I just realized this today after labeling my sociology paper \ " stupid sociology bs fucking aye\ " . A little bit of an anger problem I suppose .. " 
If I owned a pair a ice skate , I'd just skate my way to school . The side walks are lined with ice , you've been warned ... 
Who just got a job ? << this chick just got a job !! 
Anything you can do , I can do better ! 
I can't sleep , I'm so nervous and excited ! First day of work ! Wish me luck ! :D 
Sitting in the DMV ... I would seriously rather be at work ... >.< 
Just drove for the first time ! And didn't die !!! =D yay 
In case you are out of the loop , using < PROPFEMALE > secret shopping bags as hand bags is ' hip ' around the young girls these days . 
Nobody tells you how itchy a tattoo is gonna be until after you get it . After waking up every two hours because of this unbearable feeling my lack of sleep is written on my face . Thank goodness for five hour energy !! 
Lmao . Thanks to whoever just prank called me , that was priceless ! 
