is loving being back in the detroit area 

michael ... gummy worms ? you are a dork ... but you are still my favorite dork 
Ugh ... I have to drive to grand rapids today , and not looking forward to it at all . I hate driving . Oh well , I get to see some friends while i'm there , so not all bad 
Happy New Year to all my facebook friends and family 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can ... raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can ! 
the thoughts of working today just made me nautious 
stuff 
am i the only person that thinks < PROPFEMALE > Palin is fantastic ? be nice .... 
why am i still up at 4 a.m. ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Petrillo is HOT ! 
I need some more flattering pics on here ! I just don't know how to do all the technical stuff 
waiting for summer .... i know ... long ways away 
i have a boring life ... i am doing facebook quizzes again ! 
what the hell ... i am computer challenged , everytime i just figure this shit out , they change it . it is prolly good with most of you all , but facebook is becoming very unuser friendly to me .... should i just say what the hell and give it up ? 
This weather really wants to take my dad up on his offer ... moving to Florida ... but I don't think I would tolerate his wife too well ! 
this weather really makes me want to take my dad up on his offer to move to florida , but i don't think i would tolerate his wife for too long of a time ! 
crown < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ale 
family 
well ... yup ... that's about it ! 
hi ho hi ho it's off to work i go ... happy < PROPFIRST > day to me ! 
sick ... feel like crap ! 
had friends over for dinner ... dug out my mom's recipe for pasties ... was handed down from my dad's mother ... pain in the ass to make , but everyone loved them ! and any of my relatives know how good they are ! 
I need a maid ! 
I need a tan ! 
it's getting warm out ... got warm weather cloths out .... damn ....!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I gained too much weight over the winter ! 
I wish I could get out of this habit of staying up til 4 a.m. ! 
what's on my mind .... stuff ! 
looking forward to having a sunday night off .. first one in 6 months ! 
i sometimes feel lonely ... i like being alone most of the time ... but i am afraid to let people get to know me ... as i am fearful of rejection if i let people get to know the real me .... therefore , i choose to be alone 
i am being wierd right now , but i am wondering how people can be so harsh and judge when we all know that God is the only judge . 
just another day 
Holiday is over , I missed my family , I am over my pitty party , i know that you will love that one < PROPFEMALE > fisher , i am happy that i am old , healthy , and have a job ! 
So someone at work told me I was getting fat , which I am , but i was able to use a saying that I have always wanted to use .... I might be fat , but you are ugly , and I can diet ! 
Let's see what kind of things Thursday has to bring ! 
what's on your mind ? 
I would rather know what's on your mind ! 
Work .... Yuck 
Church was a moving experience today 
Monday Monday la la la la la la la can't trust that day 
80 tomorrow ! Looking forward to it 
I can't believe I let myself get addicted to Farmville ! Oh well , i guess there are worse things . 
So here is my bitch for the day .... I hate it when I get a text message , or a phone call , and don't respond within 10 minutes . Then I get a call/text back within that ten minute time period , from the same person . I don't hold my phone in my hand all day . will respond when convenient . 
Life is Good ! 
Got a complete physical last week , even the embarrasing part .. went back to Dr. today ... everything was great ! except for the asthma and cholesteral a bit high ... he told me to lose a few pounds . how rude ! My liver even functions normal ... Amazing on that one ! 
............................. 
Tuesday Afternoon .... Moody Blues 
< PROPFEMALE > Amos ..... Wednesday ..... great song ! 
Thursday .... found a great song for this day too ! Thursdays Child by < PROPFIRST > Bowie ... actually a great song if you youtube it and listen to the lyrics ... I obviously have too much time on my hands ! I'll quit after sunday's song .... I will have covered all the days of the week . I know , I am a dork ! 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3 kg . The length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster than the man . Women blink twice as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to hold the balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Happy Earth Day ! 
everyone knows the friday song .... especially you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Saturday in the park .... lame ... 
Saturday in the park .... lame ... and it isn't the 4th of July 
we could go with saturday night's alright for fighting ... but i'm not violent !... or i could go back to 6th grade with bay city rollers .... i'm gonna rock it up roll it up do it all have a ball saturday night .. or ... another saturday night and i ain't got nobody ... got some money cuz i just got paid ... then we have sunday ... after that i promise i'll quit being a dork 
Good Morning World ! 
3:30 sunday morning .... can't believe i'm still awake . I have two songs for sunday ... one is the obvious , U2 , the other is sunday morning by < PROPFEMALE > underground . Has anyone else ever heard of the latter song ? It is quite odd , but good music to sleep with 
I hate gloomy days . Makes me lazy 
when my mom was my age , she crochetted .. don't know if that is a word , but you get it , babysat for < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ( grandkids ) now i play farmville ! not far from home , as she lived out on stedman road .... middle of nowhere , for those of you who are unfamiliar 
hence farmville hit share too quick ! 
Sunshine ! 
............. 
I think i am going to do as the friday song suggests , then take my happy ass to work ! 
I understand that parents raise their children , pay for this and that , but i don't understand parents that never provided for their children when they were young , they get old , have alot of money stashed , and when one of their kids needs help ( my sister ) , they turn the other way . Just glad that I am able to help my sister out when she needs it . wish I could do more . 
Never mistake my kindness as a sign of weakness 
Today I truly hated my job . I need to quit letting it get to me so much . 
to all my friends in < PROPFEMALE > arbor ... I hope grad weekend was a success for you ! 
I don't understand facebook lately ... i have comcast high speed , brand new computer , and facebook is so slow ! Any suggestions would be appreciated 
I still don't understand why kids in CA were expelled for wearing a shirt with the American flag on it to school . 
Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms out there ! 
Oh my goodness ... I am too old to work 16 hours straight ! My dogs are screaming dirty names at me ! 
Gorgeous weather we've been having ! 
Listening to old music ... just heard a song that reminded me of my Mother ... Sweet Child of Mine . Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where I as a child I'd hide .... Mom ... you never won the mother of the year award , but in my heart , I know you did your best ! 
Where is summer ? I am tired of listening to my furnace suck money out of my wallet ! 
look at craigs list detroit , under rants and raves ... titled ... i am glad the little girl is dead ... can someone find out who this sick fu .. er is and have him executed ! 
isn't the muslim religion fantastic ? 
or absolutely horrifying 
ok .. done now ... i need to get a life and stop researching shit ! 
Work Work Work and more Work ! Oh well , keeps me young and out of trouble ! 
It's a great day out .... Finally ! 
It's amazing how something as simple as a text message that says \Hey\ " can make you smile :) " 
what's on my mind ... In loving memory of my beautiful mother on memorial day . Not a day goes by that I don't think of you and miss you . I will be with you again someday mom , but i'm not ready yet ! 
In loving memory of my mother on memorial day . Picture is of her and my niece < PROPFEMALE > White 
I promise I will post a recent pic as soon as I lose weight and get a tan ! 
Does anyone really car that < PROPMALE > Gore and his wife Tipper separated ? It's topping the headlines ... what a waste of news space 
just was listening to some old music ... if you're going to san fransisco be sure to wear some flowers in your hair ... never caught the irony of that song before 
Damn it ... my older me died ... old < PROPFEMALE > from the < PROPFEMALE > Girls ! 
Ikes ! Tornado Warning ! 
Why do reporters continue to refer to the President as Mr. Obama ? I am not a huge fan , but I still think it is very disrespectful to not address him properly . 
sounds silly , but i miss grand rapids ... thought i would be happier by detroit , but i thought wrong ! 
Life is amazing .... if you make the effort to make it that wah 
if you make it that way 
wah sounds like a whiney bitch 
good night .. sweet dreams to anyone who may see this 
What the hell ! 
To anyone who is a father ... Happy Father's day , be a good dad , leave your kids with their baby's mamma and have a good time ! 
I don't really look like the pillsbury dough boy yet , as my pic portrays ... was on roller coaster in cedar point ... the wind kind of \blew\ " me up ! " 
I just received a message from < PROPFEMALE > Fox ... she isn't even on my friends list . subject was : your ass got caught too ! only all the words were spelled in a scrambled way . Many of you , seems mostly classmates , were on the sent to list . Anyone know anything about this ? 
I promised myself that I am going to have a great day .... and this is one promise I will not break ! 
ok .. mr. heinitz ... listen to this song 
Today I thank God for my life ... and air conditioning !... but more important .. my life ! 
< PROPFEMALE > J Munkacsy Did you ever make a mistake that you were embarassed about ? Have you ever really messed up ? Don't judge ...... don't throw rocks in you live in a glass house ! We are human , we all make HUGE mistakes at some time in our lives ! Do unto others as you would have them do unto you ! I took this from < PROPFEMALE > Sprague .. thank you < PROPFEMALE > ... it is so TRUE ! 
this is the anniversary of my mother's passing ... sad day for me ... but tomorrow will be a new day .... 
< PROPFEMALE > is on letterman ... looks like she's had a little surgery .. 
I really like my job .. most of the time .. but my body hates it ! 
I love Boston Legal reruns ... but why the hell do they have to air them at 2:30 a.m. ? 
night 
The reason the grass seems greener on the other side is because it's been fertilized with bullshit . 
Not sure what to think right now ... Me and my dad are going to camp in the U.P. First time in 30 years that we have spent more than two hours together . I am kind of excited to spend time with him , although not sure of the outcome ! I wish me the best ! Dad is 75 , I am still 29 ... lol ... should be interesting . 
sometimes i just want to run up to a stranger on the street and say ' YOU'RE IT!!' and then run away ! once again , i stole this from someone , and it made me laugh ... hope it does the same for you ! 
Who ever said money doesn't bring happiness , I mean it would certainly make me happy right now . Obviously that person has never been broke lol 
Go Connecticut ! 
It is so < PROPFEMALE > outside ! I do enjoy listening to it thought , very peaceful 
Let us pause this day to remember the fallen , those innocent people taken by the extreme violence we witnessed this day in 2001 , and those who died attempting to save innocent victims . You will never be forgotten . 
ok ... so what is this i like it shit ? gettin on my nerves ! 
GO GREEN !!!! 
My parents were MEAN to me when I was a kid ! They made me go to school and do chores . They gave me a curfew , taught me to get a job , and earn the things I wanted . They taught me to treat my neighbor as myself . They insisted I do my best at school and work . I grew up with ... morals , a good work ethic , and respect for the law . I thank God everyday for my MEAN parents 
Here goes . This October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one ......... who ... does not copy , will be without money . I cannot let that person be ... me . ... Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > . Good luck 
I just got off the phone with your Great Grandfather and told him what a wonderful girl you are . He would love to meet you someday ... hopefully before it's not too late ! Regardless , you still have great uncle < PROPFIRST > . I love you . Give your mom a hug , and telll her it is from me please and thank you 
If it's gonna be this cold , it should be snowing 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is on < PROPFIRST > Lopez ... she is a < PROPFEMALE > cow ! 
I try to leave politics out of my facebook thoughts ... but Huckabee is an ass ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Osbourne is crackin my ass up right now ! 
< PROPFEMALE > White\ 
Red is rockin it out ! 
Yuck ... I have to get ready to go the bad place today ... Work 
Time for me to fly .. oh I've got to set myself free ... Yep , time to get my shit together and realize what is important in my life ... me and my Family ! Many new days coming , and I am going to take advantage of each and every one of them . 
November 30 and 60 degrees ! What more could you ask for ! 
Finally snowing ! Getting me in the mood to put up a CHRISTMAS tree ! 
will someone in farmville please send me a check button ... thank you 
Work was fantastic ! I drove in the parking lot just in time to get a phone call from the boss telling me to stay home ! Now I have no excuse for not putting up my Christmas Tree ! 
< PROPFEMALE > White Enjoyed my conversation with the best uncle ever . So glad he called . Put a happy ending to my day . Love you Uncle < PROPFIRST > !! 
???? ?? ??? ???? ?????! ???? ???? ??? ????? 
Sometimes you just wonder why and pray that God will take care of it . 
Florida , watch out ! I'm so excited ... I get to see my dad and his wonderful wife in two days ! 
75 and < PROPFEMALE > here today 
Yuck . Back to snow and cold . 
Oh poop . I just opened up the washing machine to put in downy ... only to discover i washed red boxers with my white work shirts ! 
ugh 
