I can't believe the X-mas vacation is almost over , ugh - back to home schooling on Tuesday ! I didn't even take the tree down yet ! Oh my ! :-O 

Ok , I had injections in my lower spine this morning . I'm still in a daze from the sedation . The procedure is called sacral illiac bilateral joint injection . A steroid solution is injected on both sides of my tailbone right into the top of my ass crack . I really hope this one helps with the throbing back pain . 
I just wish my neck would do better , I had the nerves of both sides of my neck burned away ( Radiofrequency Burning ) , but I'm still in pain ! It really sux to have this kind of pain , however I will continue to seek relief and the pain will not control my life , it will not stop me from completing my home renovations or playing with my girls ! I am stronger than that . ... just putting my thoughts down ;) 
Ok , today's the big day we're going to start building our 1st patio ! 3 tons of sand and rock and 300 pavers later we'll see how it turns out . 
Let me tell you ... Building a patio is REALLY hard work ! It's still not completed . It's gonna take longer than we expected . I'm so busy with home schoolin right now , I'll just have to take it slow but when school is finished on May 28th , then I can really put more time into finishing it . Trying to be done for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ... we'll see ? 
If you become a fan of Einstein Bagels you get to print up a coupon for a free bagel ! You have to do it before the 9th , I'm going to get my free bagel today ... Garlic bagel with scallion cream cheese ... yummmm 
I WANT TO WISH A HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL OF THE WONDERFUL WOMEN OUT THERE . MOTHERS WHO HAVE PASSED ON , STEP MOTHER'S , MOTHER'S CURRENT & MOTHER'S IN THE FUTURE . 
A true friend can go long periods of time\ 
without speaking and never question their friendship . And when their\ 
paths cross again they pick up like they just spoke yesterday , \ 
regardless of how long it has been ... \ 
\ 
I am lucky to be blessed 2x 
I like it on my desk chair 
I just want to wish all Dad's out there a wonderful Father's Day ... Sending extra love to my fabulous husband , hard working son in-law and my own Daddy in NYC :) 
IT'S DAUGHTER WEEK ! If you have a daughter who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and makes lifeworth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status .? Your daughters will outgrow your lap , but never your heart ... \ 
* For me times 4 , My life would not be the same without my girls ! They each fill a different part of my heart to make it complete . 
Ok , getting ready to start painting in < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s room . Don't know if I'll finish today because my back is hurting me , but we'll see how it goes . 
Finished painting < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > s room , started painting < PROPFEMALE>'s room ... Now I have to fire up my miter saw ... I have 6 - 4x4's to cut down because I designed an elevated loft bed and I'm about to start building 2 of them . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are going to love them ! They will be 4 feet high with plenty of \toy\ " storage underneath . We'll see how this project goes ?!! :) " 
ok , i worked like a she devil on < PROPFEMALE>'s bed yesterday until my drill died on me ... Damn , I hate that ! Anyway , the bed so far is awsome ! My drill is all charged up now sow I'm going back to work . The girls are so excited about how their room is coming along , makes it all worth the pain ! 
Damn , today just slipped away ... still a million and 1 things to do before Monday ... where do I start ???????????? 
I just wanted to thank everyone for the birthday wishes ! < PROPFEMALE > made me dinner . Yummy stuffed w/(chopped red & orange peppers , fresh spinach , panko [ japanese ] breadcrumbs and seasonings ) baked in sweet onions served over basmati rice . Yummy veggitarian dish . The girls also made me beautiful cards . Then I finally got some MUCH needed SLEEP ! 
< PROPFIRST > , the girls and I had a fantastic time at the Harvest Festival . We came home with enough < PROPFEMALE > to last for months ! Hope they do it again next year ! 
O man I'm a paintin fool , been painting the kitchen all weekend ... no sleep :( If ya stand in front of me I might just paint you too , he he .... c'mon green is your color right ? really need sum Zzzz's 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone and all the people u luv . I am so thankful for the friends I do have and my wonderful family . I am sending out much luv to all ! \ 
LUV HUGS & KISSES < PROPFEMALE > 
I can't stand to see a messy house , and my kids can't stand to see a clean one ! It's a never ending battle . Sum1 help me ... please :/ 
So much to do . So little motivation to do it with ... Hmm 
OMG !!!! I just got the best phone call of my life ... I've been approved for my spinal implant surgery !!! Soon enough my pain will be subsided via remote control ... Thank You Boston Scientific !!! :O 
www.controlyourpain.com 
@April < PROPMALE > - every Christmas you always hear people saying what they want and bought . Well this is what I want , I want people who are sick with no cure to be able to be cured . I want children with no families , to be adopted , I want people to never have to worry about food and shelter & heat . Now , lets see how many people re-post this who actually ... care . I have a feeling I am gonna see almost no re-posts 
All I can say is Thank Goodness it's all over !!! 
Ok I'm finally awake enough to type very shaky and slow . I am in more pain than my c-sections !! O well it's for a good reason :) . It's really hard to see the keyboard . So I'll keep this short ... I'm alive ! See everyone soon 
Nothin like . a late nite snack of orange jello Mmmm ... the only solid thong in my liquid diet :/ 
I just finished filing my taxes with TaxACT , you can try it for free : http://budurl.com/TaxACTFB1 
Well , I'm sitting here @dodge waiting for my car to be fixed ... They said it will take all day like until 5pm ! Ugh , at least they have wi-fi and coffee ! This is gonna cost me $500.00 and I'm gonna watch Netflix while I wait . :) 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a %$#@ , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months ( or years ) apart . They love you ... for WHO YOU ARE . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are ! :) 
