happy new years !! 

\Tell me it's all right just for one night show you how to feel like what it feels like to be hugged to be kissed be thought of and to be missed i can be that part of you let me be that part of you\ " \ 
Just got off work and sitting outside shivering 
Happy Mother's Day to all those wonderful moms out there ! 
Is LOVING life right now ! :) everything is perfect 
Wonders why nothing ever goes right ? One amazing thing happened and my day was wonderful then something terribly crappy happens and makes things bad again . This is the story of my freaking LIFE !! >:( * really pissed offf * 
Is getting a new phone ! yay , not a touch screen but good enough 
........... this has been the worst night ever ....... i was so happy and then i had it ripped out from underneath me violently . my heart is shattered . i freaking hate my life !! 
is hoping today will be better .... 
is never going through this again 
baby shower day ! :) everything looks wonderful . great job mom on the decorating ! 
woops . lol 
goodnight ! so tired from work ready for bed but not ready for tommorow 
this year has been the biggest headache .... I'm so ready for it to be over .... 
lots of chocolate makes everything better ...... 
hates all the drama ! hates the fighting and arguing ! so embarassed and done with this crap . im tired of getting pushed around by everyone ! no one respects me or takes me seriously . Why do i feel like everyones out to get me ? I just want things to be ok again . I want to grab the reset button and start over with my life . 
oh i cant wait for sunday . 
Is determined to have a good day today 
wants to bring her ds and play pkm in band but all mine are so low level id get creamed .... :( how depressing 
ugh ... feels really sick . 
Going to work . I had a better day today for sure . :) 
wow . another year gone ... CONGRATS seniors !! And hello to being a < PROPMALE > ! I think next year is going to be amazing and fantabulous . :) good night everyone 
feels good to be off of work and watching monk in my t-shirt 3 sizes to big . lol . :) good day . 
had so much fun today and got some really cute stuff . ;) My life is goin great 
:) good day ! hopefully <3 
What kind of world do we live in\ 
Where love is divided by hate\ 
Losing control of our feelings\ 
We all must be dreaming this life away\ 
In a world so cold -World So Cold by 12 Stones <3 
pretty bored right now and getting kind of anxious 
so good to be home .... guard practice till seven killed me :( had somewhat fun ! lol 
<3 
:'( cant feel three of my toes and both feet are extremely swollen not to mention the whelps covering my feet .... grr 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Got my permit ! Watch out guys , new driver . 
Woke up to a beautiful sky filled with black clouds . :P soon after it started pouring and lightning-ing 
Yum lunch 
Wow what a hairday 
Summer Symposium has been the best week of my summer . :) 
Blegh XP 
Just got off work ...... ugh 
Color guard car wash today ! at the intersection of reynolds rd and highway five in the penfield realty parking lot . come support the color guard 
Why does everyone have someone precious to them ... watching eclipse was a little depressing because of all the love 
Rawr 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoPzP-MwcLI 
;D today was good 
Drove on the interstate ! :D one step towards my license 
wowww .... all the adults in my life have a facebook . except for my parents 
I hate when your parents tell you what to do .... oh yeah right that's their job . :P Blegh 
haha ! I'm getting a super hot tan this summer ! 
O.o Well that WAS interesting . AND FUN !! 
We are now the knights that say ..... \Ekki-Ekki-Ekki-Ekki-PTANG . Zoom-Boing . Z'nourrwringmm . Gotta love that movie . :) " 
Anyone in band is the time for today 9 o clock ?? 
RAWR ! facebook won't stop tagging people twice in my note 
ah .... I've been infected with the band tan .... :) ( and glove tan ) 
It's so frustrating when your parents don't agree with your choices .... 
today didn't go as planned , but it was the most fun and random day ever . <3 
Ah ! Just woke up . Great game last night and I'm very proud of the Legacy's performance . What a great way to start the season . :) 
totally uninspired ..... 
Stupid bus ...... broke down .... rawr !!! 
Worst day ever . 
should have eaten lunch .... 
is pretty worried ... 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Rules . Nugh said 
Got home last night to find that the air conditioner is out . Yay . 
sickness .... 
Not dressing up on good vs . evil day . not really interested anymore 
Hopes today will be a fun day . :) 
80's!! 
Does anyone have a black wristband . Maybe with spikes .... and/or one of those long fingerless gloves that goes up to your elbow ??? need it for today 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
finally home . :) what a wonderful trip 
I like it on my desk 
Is so happy to see in a relationship with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > everytime I log in . You make my day and I love you . :) ( I hope you read this !!! ) 
thumb hurts worse than ever 
practicing makeup ... the usual stuff . 
ACHOO ! 
..... doesn't even know what to say .... 
doesnt want to march today . 
what a long day . school was actually my favorite part . :) 
really needs math tutoring ..... I've never made a c in my whole life . 
has fallen in love with paramore 
anyone on color guard tell me what we are supposed to wear and do today . :( i guess i wasnt totally there if it was explained 
hope it doesnt rain all day long . 
wow . things happen so quickly . one minute you are totally sure of things and then you just dont know anymore 
Yawwwwwwn . :) 
hates getting sick .... 
worst night ever ... 
so stressed out right now . 
band pictures ? can anyone remind me 
crossing her fingers . :) 
is really really dissapointed . im sorry < PROPFIRST > 
so so super excited about today !! 
l love wonderful boyfriend and my new hair . :) 
drove for the first time in a while since my wreck 
Is groundec over thanksgiving for math grades . But I don't take another test till next TUESDAY ! no way to earn getting ungrounded . im just stuck . this really bums me out . I have an 82 in the class and im still grounded . its never good enough ... 
this day gets worse and worse 
basketball ! 
took my first practice act and made a 28 . :) pretty happy about that 
They lied when they said chocolate makes everything better .... it makes you fatter and doesn't take any of the pain away . 
< PROPFEMALE > Townsend 12-11-2010 ... You will be missed by all that know you . And I loved you very much . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! ( rockin out to < PROPFIRST > swift ! ) 
woke up to so many birthday wishes . Thanks everyone ! :) Today's gonna be great . 
I guess my new year's resolution would be simply to drink more water . It's detoxifying and good for you . H2O is good . :) 
<3 ' s driving . :) 
woot ! good dentist checkup today . And my wisdom teeth might have room to grow in . Good day . 
sigh .... this is gonna be akward 
needs a girls day out 
i hate all region ..... 
hope i did decent ! decent enough to make it . 
sigh .... this day was not very fun 
first band 14th chair . woo 
so far 2011 has been the worst year ... 
omg everyone says its snowing ! but its not snowing all the way out here come on snow .... 
need some girl 2 girl advice . < PROPMALE > drama 
is feeling totally drained ... 
why ? why am i up so early and wide awake ? :P time to go back to bed . 
brrrr a balmy 15 degrees 
has almost slipped several times on the ice today 
Nothing can bother me now , sitting here listening to my music and singing along ( badly ) :) Finally a good day 
oh darn you snow delays ... my package from sephora has yet to get here and its been a week . go away snow 
thank you facebook for the memorable stories in the sidebar . reminds what an up and down roller coaster wonderful best time of my life year ( 2010 ) this has been . realized i need to focus on the good things that have happened to me this past year and hope for even better this year . so many memories and wonderful times I had forgotten about in all the stress . :) 
It's here !! My much awaited makeup is here ! YEEEEEEEES 
eating pop tarts on the bus . :) yum 
pretty bummed ... 
famished ..... 
finds myself studying for history a lot . but I know that test is going to jump out at me .... I know its coming ... 
I adore all the funny faces you make , especially the \wtf !? is wrong with you crazy person\ " face ! but the one i like the most is your beautiful smiling face . always smile for me please ? " 
thinks someone should text me 
is done drawing that picture for the night . time to work on ms < PROPFIRST>'s picture . 
my pain is knowing I can't have you , I can't have you . Tell me does she look at you the way I do ? try to understand the words you say and the way you move . Does she get the same big rush when you go in for a hug and your cheeks brush . Tell me am i crazy or is this more than a crush . :) WONDERFUL song by He is We . \Blame it on the Rain\ " go listen to it ! amazing " 
sigh ..... 
i love all my friends . you guys are the best . :) I couldn't ask for better people to share my life with . so thank you 
avenged sevenfold first thing in the morning . great way to start the day 
listening to legend of < PROPFEMALE > music is making me want to break out link to the past again . 
cannot paint my nails with my left hand ... ugh 
screamin out < PROPFIRST > swift makes me feel better . :) cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile ! La la la . 
my night is so boring ..... 
ewwww sucks at poetry ... 
is liking listening to slipknot as long as I look at the lyrics while listening . 
Goodnight friends . Everyone sleep well tonight . :) 
the nameless by slipknot . amazing . 
today is going to be amazing !! omg ! so ready for relaxation 
ahhhhhh !!! spa day is done . so relaxed and happy . i feel amazing . :) what a splendid day 
my fortune cookie said : a cynic is only a frustrated optimist . 
wonders if i try to hard ... 
I'm a million contradictions\ 
Sometimes I make no sense\ 
Sometimes I'm perfect \ 
Sometimes I'm a mess\ 
Sometimes I'm not sure who I am 
pounding headache .... today has been pretty awful for me . Please get better soon .... 
so everyone has an iphone . I'm jealous 
I really can't wait till this year is over 
ohh ... I'm not good at dealing with this stuff ... 
wants a hamster when I move out . So fluffy 
almost ready for the sims 3 . yay ! 
is suddenly shaking and sweating and super dizzy . Is it because of you ? <3 
Psychosocial . :3 <3 
is talking to an amazingly interesting person :) 
<3 ' s trying random chocolates from a box and then loving some , and making faces at others . it's always a mystery . happy < PROPFIRST > s day ! even though i'm single this is the best < PROPFIRST>'s day i've ever experienced 
what a rainy ending given to a perfect day ... now that im sittin here thinking it through ive never been anywhere cold as you 
so much homework tonight .... 
if it's not like the movies , that's how it should be yeah cinematic and dramatic with a perfect ending . :3 
trying to collect things for the garage sale and my mom won't let me get rid of anything 
got my hair cut again ! :3 shooooorty 
so today sucked pretty hard ..... this is awful . :P 
is so embarrased .... now I have to go in and fix all the mistakes 
Blueberry 
laaaaame .... this stinks . 
trying to figure out this new phone ... not good with technology 
stupid rifle ... how dare you break my second toe . it's my favorite . oh well ! just walk it off 
why practice is important ... hmmm .... 
if you want the rainbow you must put up with the rain 
If happiness had a form what would it look like ? It might be something like glass , because one doesn't notice it normally . However , it is actually there . As proof , if you change the < PROPFEMALE > you look at it , the glass will reflect light . It will state it's presence and existence more eloquently than any other thing in this world . 
it takes more than a good memory to have good memories 
it's hopeless ..... everything is so hopeless . 
forcing myself to have a good day . migrain included 
so excited for < PROPFIRST > !! 
is having an amazing time in < PROPFIRST > with her guard girls ! i <3 guard . 
what an amazing weekend is all I can say . So proud of everyone that participated and amazed at what I was capable of . Somewhat glad it's over cause man was that ever exhausting . :) come april , here we go again . <3 will def . miss the seniors . 
feels sore but working out is really helping to shed those lbs . before prom . :) . 2 lbs and counting . ( i'm on a fitness kick ) 
dreams sharing a life and home of never ever being alone again not even diamonds just a little gold someone there to hold her hand when she gets old dreams the kind you know will never end forever lovers and forever friends someone really there to love and care and share dreams :) 
so anyone know what the < PROPMALE > driving test is like ? 
trying to get the internet to work properly is a pain 
ah no school tommorow . just makes this week go by faster . cant wait for the weekend :D 
just finished that history project in my own free time . i'm tempted to take 50% of the credit .... and give the rest to < PROPFEMALE > . thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the info on the chap .! so much for a group project since i did nearly the whole thing by myself 
