is havin a lazy day ! 

goin for a trial ride 2day !! yeah ! 
READY TO GO FOR A RIDE !! 
cookin din , din ! 
gonna go for a ride later ! but gonna go swimmin first ! gettin soooo tan , i love summer !! 
beautiful day !! gonna go get my tan on !!! 
gettin dark and lovin the sun !! summer time ! 
got a tattoo of my astrological sign , on the back of my neck , and i really like it . ready to get more !! 
time for bed ! 
um , i dont know what to do today ? 
lazy day !!! 
gonna go c this horse i want really bad !! 
gettin my new horse 2morrow !! soooo excited !! 
i got my horse !!!! 
went for a ride 2day ! had < PROPFEMALE > much fun ! 
been outside all day ! soooo beautiful !! 
THE HORSE Where in this wide world can man find nobility without pride , Friendship without envy , Or beauty without vanity ? Here , where grace is served with muscle And strength by gentleness confined He serves without servility ; he has fought without enmity . There is nothing so powerful , nothing less violent . There is nothing so quick , nothing more patient . 
goin to the vet today , my horse is sick !! ugh ! 
ready for bed ! 
great time last nite !! off to < PROPFEMALE>'s babyshower ! 
took izaiah on another ride today ! so much fun !! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT - if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head . When you're finished post this paragragh on your own status & you will be suprised what people remember about you ..... 
izaiah is at my moms for a few days cause i stopped breastfeeding and my fuckin tits hurt !! lol but im a lil sad !! :( 
watchin my fav show \So u think u can dance\ " love it ! " 
went for a ride 2day , it was nice . then moved awhole bunch of panels by myself , just a lil sore ! lol 
what a long day !! but i took a long nap ! lol 
\Wild Life Images\ " here we come ! " 
had a great b-day ! cant wait to really celebrate it friday !! 
goin to get my hair did ! 
had a good time tonite ! cant believe im on facebook this late , i can bearly even spell ! so drunk !!! lol 
what a long lazy day ! 
im stuck at home , all day , to frozen outside to drive !!! 
< PROPFIRST > got nominated for soldier of the year award !!! so proud of him !! 
lovin the rain !! the pond needs to fill up ! 
goin christmas shoppin !! 
wow it is sooo wierd when u c people u went to school with , and they all have babies , or r married , and the people there with is so not who u thought they would be with , not in a bad way , just crazy !! lol 
went shopping all day today and just got home 30mins . ago . soooooooo tired and ready to hit the hay !! and i still have 2 more people to get present for !! ugh 
gonna get a tooth pulled tomorrow !!! ugh ! 
happy new years to everybody !!! my news years resolution is to have a healthy , happy , beautiful , bouncing , baby__ ?! and to enjoy my boys and family ! 
TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THAN DON'T!!! IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR !! AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!!!! 
watchin American Idol !!! lol 
makin din , din ! 
had such a good time today , hangin out with awesome people !!! u know who u r !! i love u gurls ! 
hangin with my boys tonite !!! 
what a crazy year so far !! 
can not wait till 2morrow nite !!! 
EVERYONE , COME CHECK OUT THE ROLLER DERBY GIRLS THIS SATURDAY NITE AT THE MEDFORD ARMORY @7PM . BEER GARDEN AND MEXICAN FOOD !!! AFTER PARTY @ 4DAUGHTERS < PROPFEMALE > PUB !!!!!!!!!!! 
Loved the sun shine today !! was outside all day , rode the quad and my horse with izaiah !! 
ladies nite 2morrow in medford !! cant wait to go dancin !! who wants to come !! 
i think im gettin sick !! ugh !! but i really want to go riding sat .!! what to do , what to do ? 
yep im officially sick !! this sucks ! 
got my gym membership today !! yay . time to work it out baby !! 
ready for the gym !! 
ready for spring !! 
soooo .... my cat had a appt . to get fixed today , but i guess she is prego know !! so time for < PROPFEMALE > babies !! im kinda excited ! if anybody wants one im givin them away for free !! 
went 4 a ride today , it was beautiful so outside ! 
went and picked out some piggys today !! 
such a beautiful day !! already rode the quad this morning with izaiah !! 
week 3 at the gym !!! feeling great !! gonna get some tanning mins . next month !! 
just got done grooming all my horses , no riding today , they needed a good brushin !! 
just got back from dinner at my moms ! so full !!! its my hubbys b-day 2morrow !!! i love u babe !! muh 
got larengitus !! i cant barely talk !! ugh 
lookes like its gona b a nice day today !! gonna go to the gym and then spend some time with my horses since its not RAINING !!! 
went to medford today , and got izaiah his easter outfit and me some cute jeans (<PROPMALE>'s baby) !! 
COME WATCH THE SOUTHERN OREGON ROLLER GURLS WHERE -- MEDFORD ARMORY DOORS OPEN @6PM BOUT STARTS @7PM BEER GARDEN !! COME CHECK OUT THE ACTION !!! 
im over this rain already !!! 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
ready to go out tomorrow , and i got some cute tops at < PROPMALE > today ! 
what a crazy nite last nite !! 
week # 6 at the gym , here i go !! and i got tanning mins ! 
what a beautiful day !! 
If you have a husband that makes you laugh , that you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , who is your world , and a man that you can thank God every night for . Copy and Paste this to your profile with your anniversary date : june 7 , 2007 
my baby boy is gonna b 2 next month !!! time flys when ur havin fun !! 
what a beautiful day !! i brushed down and rode all my horses today !! next they need a bath !! lol 
over the rain !!!!!!!!!!!! 
soooo i have 4 adorable kittens i have to find homes 4 . their only 2 weeks old . if u want one let me know ! 
gonna get ready to buy my tickets to vagas next week !!! yay baby 
lovin my boys !! 
HAPPY MAMAS DAY TO ALL THE WONDERFUL MOMS OUT THERE !! 
i think im gonna go ridin today ! 
startin to get ready for izaiahs bday party sat . so excited ! my baby boy is gonna be 2 !! 
sooooo sick of the rain !! gonna go shoppin for my baby boy bday party 2morrow ! 
goin to medford today !! shop till i drop !! lol 
Tough girls come from New York . Sweet girls , they're from Alabama ..... But OREGON GIRLS , well they have fire and ice in their blood . They can ride motorcycle & 4-wheelers , be a debutante , throw left hooks , and hunt with the boys , all the while making dinner ! .... and if they have an opinion , you know you're gonna hear i ... t ! If you are a true OREGON GIRL repost this .. 
today is izaiahs bday party !! its gonna b < PROPFEMALE > much fun !! 
izaiah had such a great time at his bday party yesterday , and he got lots of awesome gifts from everybody . it was sooo good to see everyone , THANKS to you all agian !! 
gonna buy my tickets to vegas today !!! yay baby !! 
gonna watch < PROPFEMALE > tonite ! < PROPFEMALE > bowersox is gonna win !! 
pay backs a bitch !! lol 
had a good weekend at the boatnic first we were in the parade with the national guard . and alexs was party of the memorial day ceremony , he did the 21 gun salute to the fallin troops . 
lazy day ! 
i cant wait for vegas !!! soooo excited ! 
happy anniversary babe !! lov you ! 
lovin the sun !!! cowgirl boots and skirt kinda weather !!! 
lovin the sun !! 
off to vegas 2morrow ready to party it up !!!! yay 
HEY IM BACK ! VEGAS WAS A BLAST !! WISH I HAD ANOTHER DAY THERE , BUT IM GLAD TO B BACK HOME WITH MY BOYS !! I WILL POST SOME PICS SOON ! 
wow sooo freakin hot today !! time for the river !! 
lovin my life !! 
just posted some new pics . but for some reason my vegas or 4th of july pics arent on here ? kinda irriated at this computer at the moment !! 
OK GOT THE REST OF THE PICS FROM VEGAS AND THE 4TH IN MY ALBUM !! WHAT A PAIN IN THE ASS !! 
lovin life !! sooo amused by people ! lol 
swimmin at my mamas and papas today ! so nice !! 
roller derby thursday !! 4 daughters after party !! gonna c some gurls get knocked the fuck out !! 
ROLLER DERBY IS SATURDAY @ THE MEDFROD ARMORY @ 7 . after party at 4daughters !!!!! come support our roller gurls and watch them kick some ass !! 
so my baby is officailly potty trianed !! hes gettin to b such a big boy at just 2 !! 
soooo ...... IM PREGGERS !!! HAHA !! SO EXCITED !! 
hopefully everything is ok !! 
so ..... i lost the baby ! but its ok . my body knows whats its doin and when something isnt right ! and god workes in mysterious ways ! i just thank god i wasnt months along or had an eiptopic pregnancy , thing could have been alot worse !! 
my eyebrow piercing is doin sooo good , i love it ! 
sometimes u have to do things u dont want to do to get to the places u want to be ! 
I'mma get your heart racing \ 
In my skin tight jeans\ 
Be your teenage dream tonight\ 
Let you put your hands on me\ 
And my skin tight jeans\ 
Be your teenage dream tonight ! 
My heart stops\ 
When you look at me\ 
Just one touch\ 
Now , baby I believe \ 
This is real\ 
So take a < PROPMALE > and \ 
Don't ever look back , \ 
Dont ever look back !! 
wow ! people can be sooo fucked up ! but guess what ..... < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch ! lol 
goin out friday for my sissys bday ! gonna have some fun ! 
hope all goes well tonite ! lol its gonna b fun !! 
well i gave all my horses a bath yesterday , they look sooo pretty ! now im gonna get busy in the house today .... oh boy ! lol 
wow ! im just finding all kinds of relatives on facebook ! crazy shit ! 
“It is impossible to fall out of love . Love is such a powerful emotion , that once it envelops you it does not depart . True love is eternal . If you think that you were once in love , but fell out of it , then it WASN'T LOVE you were in . There are no ' exit ' signs in love , there is only an ' on ' ramp . ” 
gonna go out with my ponies today !! 
I've carried children within my body , I've comforted a baby on my chest , I've kissed booboos , mended broken ?, been puked on , peed on , woke up in the middle of the night to a feverish child & more . I wouldn't have it any other way ! My body isn't magazine perfect , but , when I look in the mirror I see a MOM & there is no ... greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a M ? M !!! 
SO MY LIL MAN LOVES TO SAY \DUDE\ " KNOW !! LOL " 
sooo we havent found a house we like . if we like the land there is somethings wrong with the house , if we like the house its not the right land , or if we love both its way out of our price range !! and we r not gonna settle for anything but what we want , cuz thats gonna be our house for the rest of our lives ! ugh ! sooo frustrated ! this is gonna take longer than i thought ! 
gettin my nails did today !! 
roller derby 2morrow !!! 
so today is gonna be a boots and jeans kinda day ! gonna go fix my up some stalls and shelter for my horses , didnt think it was gonna rain by now im slackin on my horseys ! 
izaiah and i r goin to get some hay for our horses today ! 
can not believe i can have full on converstions with my 2 year old ! he told me he couldn't go to the dentist cuz he had to go to work and take care of animals at the pet shop ! lol sooo funny ! i just love him sooo much ! gosh the time really does flys when u have kids ! 
sooo im gonna chop my hair off tomorrow !! 
yep ... i cut my hair today ! just below my shoulders , it looks sooo much healthier and it looks cute too ! i still miss my long hair though ! its weird !? 
How many of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list ?? Here's a task for you ! I want ALL my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same to you . You'll be amazed at some of the answers you get !! 
lookin for ponies for my lil man for christmas ! sooo excited ! 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world ... who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you ... who works hard & would do anything for you ... that makes you laugh .. who is your best friend ... who you want to grow old with ... and who you are thankful for every day , then post this as your status . :) 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and her babys all day today ! the lil ones had < PROPFEMALE > much fun ! 
is sick !! :( 
is feelin better ! thank god ! 
watched the \The Bad Girls Club\ " last nite !!! i fucking love that show !!! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > r my fav at the moment !! " 
Love me without fear Trust me without questioning Need me without demanding Want me without restrictions Accept me without change < PROPFEMALE > me without inhibitions For a love so free . . . Will never fly away . 
gonna get my toes did today with my bestie !! gonna be sooo relaxing ! 
so relaxed and ready for bed . medford tomorrow ! 
< PROPFIRST > is gone hunting and i already miss him !! :( but i still have my lilman to snugglin with 2nite ! love my boys !! 
If god handed u a handful of seeds and told u that these seeds could make ur clothes , feed u , make oil for light and heal the sick ! would u through these seeds away ?? vote YES on PROPOSTION 19 and MEASURE 74 !! 
can not wait for the bad girls club tonite !! 
Its husband appreciation week !!! If you have an amazing husband who's been with youthrough thick and thin , who has been a true blessing in your life and whomyou are proud to be married to today , repost this with your wedding date : 6 ? 7 ? 7 ? 
If god handed u a handful of seeds and told u that these seeds could make ur clothes , feed u , make oil for light and heal the sick ! would u throw these seeds away ?? vote YES on MEASURE 74 !! 
Izaiah totally loves the Little Rascals ! he copys everything they say .... which i dont know if thats a good thing !! lol 
RIP JLD ! YOU ARE NEVER FORGOTTEN ! 
I don't talk shit , i state facts , sooo get the f#^ ! * over it !! 
im not a jealous person ..... \ 
im just a girl that would love to punch everyother girl that gives you a second look !! 
Screw < PROPMALE > charming give me the guy with TATTOS and a BAD BOY ADDITUDE !! 
Where in this wide world can man find nobility without pride , \ 
Friendship without envy , \ 
Or beauty without vanity ? \ 
Here , where grace is served with muscle\ 
And strength by gentleness confined\ 
He serves without servility ; he has fought without enmity . \ 
There is nothing so powerful , nothing less violent . \ 
There is nothing so quick , nothing more patient . \ 
if you love your horse/s repost this to ur page ! \ 
RIP EVEY 10-13-10 
Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are ... and if they are paying attention . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of your first name , No repeats . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your ... wall so I can leave a ... word ... about ...... you ...! This should be interesting ! =) 
i didnt punch you ..... i simply high fived ur face ! hehehe 
You think ur all that and a bag chips ?? \ 
Well im all that and a bag of skittles . \ 
So taste the rainbow BITCH ! 
I'm broke but I'm happy\ 
I'm poor but I'm kind\ 
I'm short but I'm healthy , yeah\ 
I'm high but I'm grounded\ 
I'm sane but I'm overwhelmed\ 
I'm lost but I'm hopeful baby\ 
What it all comes down to\ 
Is that everything's gonna be fine fine fine\ 
' cause I've got one hand in my pocket\ 
And the other one is flicking a cigarette 
izaiah is gonna b < PROPFIRST > pan and < PROPFIRST > and i r gonna be pirates for halloween !! yay so excited !! 
bad gurls club !!! 
You are the best thing that's ever been mine !! 
hope all goes well ! 
Well life has a funny way of sneaking up on you\ 
When you think everything's okay and everything's going right\ 
And life has a funny way of helping you out when\ 
You think everything's gone wrong and everything blows up\ 
In your face 
Love is patient , love is kind . \ 
It does not envy , it does not boast , \ 
it is not proud . \ 
It is not rude , it is not self-seeking . \ 
It is not easily angered , \ 
it keeps no record of wrongs . \ 
Love does not delight in evil , \ 
but rejoices with the truth . \ 
It always protects , always trusts , \ 
always hopes , always perseveres . \ 
Love never fails . \ 
Bible\ 
~ I Corinthians 13:4 - 
i finished sewing the rest of izaiahs < PROPFIRST > pan costume last nite ! i didnt have a pattern so it was kinda of a pain in my a$$ , lol . but it was so worth it . it looks awesome !!! and my sisters daughter is gonna be tinker < PROPFEMALE > . gonna be soooo freakin cute !! cant wait for halloween !! yay 
is thankful everyday for my life and the people in it , i wouldnt have it any other way ! amen 
had our halloween party last nite for the kids , it was sooo fun ! medford tonite , cant wait its gonna be a blast !! and 2morrow trick or treating !! 
cant wait to take < PROPFIRST > pan tricker treating tonite ! lol 
My hubby is leaving on friday for 2 weeks to mississippi for some schooling for the national guard . soooo sad already , i dont want him to go ! :( 
going to < PROPMALE>'s bar and reasturant in medford tonite for alexs going away dinner . gonna be super yummy !! 
I dont need absence to make my heart grow fonder ! 13 days and counting ! 
missin you sooooo much ! :( 11 days and counting 
If you have a Wonderful Man , who helps balance your whole world ... who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you ... who works very hard and would do anything for you ... that makes you laugh ... who is your best friend ... who you want to grow old with ... and who you are thankful for ... every day ... then post this to your status . I sure do !! 9 days and counting ! 
I don't believe anything , don't trust anyone but me\ 
But I believe you when you say were never gonna fall\ 
Hand behind my neck , arm around my waist\ 
Never let me hit the ground , you'll never let me crash . \ 
I don't need a parachute , baby if I've got you\ 
Baby if I've got you , I don't need a parachute\ 
You're gonna catch me , You're gonna catch if I fall , Down . \ 
I won't fall out of love , I fall into you . \ 
8 days and countin ! 
how is it that we have 4 vehicles and 3 of them dont work at the moment !! ugh cant wait for u to come home ! 3 days and counting !! 
2 days and counting !! 
Even if you were a million < PROPMALE > away\ 
\ 
I could still feel you in my bed Near me , touch me feel me\ 
And even in the bottom of the sea I can still hear inside my head\ 
Telling me touch me feel me\ 
And all the time you were telling me lies\ 
So tonight Im gonna find a way to make it without you\ 
Tonight Im gonna find a way to make it without you 
goin to pick < PROPFIRST > up tonite from the airport !! cant wait to c my < PROPFEMALE > ! \ 
8 hours and counting down ! 
geezz i really need to update my pics !! i have short hair and my eyebrow peirced now !! lol 
Baby you don't know\ 
What you do to me\ 
between me and you I feel a chemistry . \ 
i won't let no one come and take your place\ 
Cause the love you give it can't be replaced . \ 
see No one else loves me like you do\ 
That's why I don't mind to\ 
Spend my life with you\ 
I Wanna please you in any way I can \ 
I Wanna share my world and don't you understand . \ 
Your love is a one in a million\ 
It goes on and on and on . 
Im gonna stick some miseltoe in my back pocket so all the ppl that have a problem with me can kiss my ass !! happy holidays ! :) 
happy thanks-day to everybody !! :) 
I wanna love you and treat you right ;\ 
I wanna love you every day and every night :\ 
We'll be together with a roof right over our heads ;\ 
We'll share the shelter of my single bed ;\ 
We'll share the same room , yeah ! \ 
Is this love - is this love - is this love -\ 
Is this love that I'm feelin' ? \ 
I wanna know 
got our christmas tree permit . cant wait to go this weekend and play in the snow and find the perfect christmas tree !! :) 
i never knew the meaning of morning , noon , and night sickness ! ugh :) 
yes , yes .... for all u who dont know yet , we r expecting another lil one into our family . 
! Thanks to all of you for my bday wishes ! i truelly have the most awesomest friends !! :) 
Can not wait for my bday dinner , my mama is making me homemade chicken enchildas , salsa , rice and beans . and instead of a cake , dutch apple pie ! :) ( idk its what im craving)lol ! yummy !! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( December 6 ) there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign for children's rights . End violence against children .... Thank you ! ? ? 
I am sooo jonesin to ride my horses today !!! i cant stand it !! its been almost three months since ive been on them ! :( this is the one thing i dont like about being pregnant !! 
got our christmas pics done today ! izaiah looks soooo freakin cute , i cant wait to get them !! 
OMG !! i found the perfect christmas present for izaiah !! A ridable mini horse . he is soooo freakin cute ! gonna go look at him asap ! :) 
gonna have some KFC for din din , and watching the little mermaid with my lil man ! 
gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and her lil man today , havent seen her in dayz its gonna be super fun ! :) 
i just love the holidays !! christmas shopping tomorrow ! :) 
went to the national guard christmas party today , had alot of fun , good food and izaiah got present and to see santa ! :) 
had a yummy din din . < PROPFEMALE > her son , her niece , < PROPFIRST > and her bf came over . had a great time visiting with them all ! :) 
So we get to find out what we r havin on feburary 1st . cant believe its that soon ! so excited already ! :) 
gonna go over to briannas house today and help her set up for her christmas party ! its gonna be < PROPFEMALE > much fun tomorrow ! :) lov ya b ! 
feelin kinda crappy :( hopefully i get all my shopping done today , and then i want to come home and sleep !! 
sooo ... i left my birds cage open last nite , and i have 3 cats ....... i came down stairs 2 hours later and she was down on the bottom of the dinning room table chair with all 3 of the cats in the room ...... and they where just all chillin together , 2 of the cats were sleeping . i can not believe they didn't eat her!!It's a christmas miracle !! 
i can already feel my lil one kicking every once in awhile ! i just love this feeling !! :) 
officially done christmas shopping !! all i left to do is pay for izaiahs horsey and have him deli < PROPFEMALE > red on christmas < PROPFEMALE > . gonna bring it in the house christmas morning before he wakes up with a big red bow on him !! cant wait to videotape the look on his face !! :) 
had an awesome christmas ! izaiah loves his horsey and know has too many toys to play with !! lol :) hope everybody had a wonderful christmas !! 
just dance 2 kicked my butt last nite , but im ready for another round tonite !! :) i love my new laptop , thank u mom and dad !! :) we all totally got spoiled this year !! 
so im on this whole , i dont want to do my make-up or hair lazy faze of my pregnanci , i barely put pants on anymore only if i have to go to the store , sweats only . slippers all day except when i go out to feed the horses i slip my boots on . lol ! I just dont feel like it , its to much work !! :) 
gonna try my wii fit with the balance board i got for christmas tonite . need to start doin somethin with my lazy ass !! lol 
made homemade slitpea soup tonite ! sooo good ! :) 
so < PROPFEMALE > is gonna cook us some dinner tonite , i cant wait cuz im hungery !! lol 
~ Children will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them . ~ 
~ Man is the head of the family , woman the neck that turns the head . ~ 
I LOVE being pregnant , BUT i feel so disabled , i cant do any of my regular outdoor chores or activites , like ride my ponys !! ugh , but its not forever , only 6 more months left and ill be back in the saddle !! ;) 
So we r giving Izaiahs mini horse back , turns out he likes to bite and almost bit Izaiah in the back of the head ! ugh Not good ! so hes got to go !! but i told izaiah he can have my horse till i find him another pony/horse and he was totally ok with that ! lol :) 
Here's to parents who aren't inconvenienced by their children , who don't view it as being stuck at home with the baby when they can't go out at night , who value time with their children , who don't pawn their kids off as often as they can with whoever will take them . Who accept responsibility and don't walk away from family . Here's ... to ...... parents who enjoy being parents . Repost if you are a proud parent 
~ You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams . ~ 
~ We were given : Two hands to hold . Two legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else . For us to find . ~ 
sooo im thinking about selling my mare . if anybody is interested please let me know ! im gonna post her on craigslist and dreamhorse ! 
man im startin to feel and look pregnant !! lol :) 
gonna get my nails did today , buy the awesome < PROPFEMALE > at envogue . im gettin the lipstick cut today finally , < PROPFEMALE > excited .!! 
so i finally got all my pics on a c.d. lol . there oldies but goodies !! 
so american idol should be interesting tonite , with all the new judges .? 
HUSBAND & WIFE WEEK : If you have a mate who is your best friend , who has been with you through thick and thin , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married . June 6 , 2007 . 
went bowling tonite with my whole family for my nephew , brother-in-law and aunts bday !! we had a blast and we found out izaiah loves bowling and is pretty good at it too , he got a 74 ( with just a lil help from mom and dad) !! lol 
one week till we find out what we r have , and im sooo excited , i can not wait !! 
busy day today , cleaning my house and doin laundry , then time to get ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s lil boys 1st bday ! should be fun , izaiah cant wait ! :) 
I think i'll go out and brush my horses agian today , my own personal mediation for myself . ( since i cant ride ! ugh ! ) :] 
so we find out tomorrow what we r having !! so excited ! then i can start buying stuff for new baby ? \ 
boy or girl ? what do u guys think ? 
ok everyone ...... its a boy !! woo hoo !! :) now im gonna have 2 heartbreakers , watch out for ur daughters , the < PROPMALE > boys r comin through !! lol 
so i finally broke into my maternity close today , and some of the shirts fit already , but the pants just dont fit right yet , still kinda big for me . maybe another week or 2 . luckly i saved some of my bigger sized pants from last time . :) but .... sweats still get my # 1 vote ! lol 
couldn't be happier , things r finally coming together for us ! :) 
gonna go have lunch with < PROPFEMALE > today , havent seen her in forever , we have lots catch up on . then maybe a lil more shopping ?? (hehehe ): ) 
i got the new < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret cataloge today ...... so i wish i had a million dollars !! :) 
Finally got my taxes done !! yay . money , money , money , mooneey , mooooneey ! :) 
Izaiah got the chicken poxs !! my poor baby boy ! apparently the vac . shot they give isnt that great . oh well ... better now , then later ! :) 
loves her boys !! 
sooo .... no restuarants in this town make reservations ?? this is gonna be fun 
izaiah has been having me cut all his tags of his clothes lately cuz he doesnt like them . lol 
so Izaiahs chicken poxs r almost all gone already ! must have been a mild case , thank goodness ! 
love suprises early in the morning from my wonderful hubby !! :) cant wait for our nite out together ! happy V-day to everyone ! 
~ What greater friendship is there than exist between husband and wife ~ 
needs sleep ! :) 
Izaiah gives me food all the time now and says ~ Here mom , feed my baby ! ~ lol . he is gonna be such a good big brother ! i cant wait already ! :) 
it seems like since we settled on a name , i hear it everywhere now ! whats up with that ? 
Gonna get Izaiahs new car bed , table , and toy box delivered today !! Now im gonna look online for a new swing set . ~ I just love spoiling him ! ~ :) 
Took Izaiah to his first movie last nite , he loved it ! \ 
Now gonna get ready for Violettes 1st bday party ! its gonna be fun ! :) 
goin to get my nails did today ! yay ! 
to the point where i just wanna eat all the time ! ( i better watch it ) lol :) 
anybody know of a good scrapbook store in town ?? 
~ Every mother hopes that her daughter will marry a better man than she did , and is convinced that her son will never find a wife as good as his father did . ~ unkown author ~ 
My horse is sooo smart ~ I have to lock her in her stall when i feed her grain , cuz if not my gelding will go in and steal it from her .... so when she is done she just lets herself out ! lol :) love it ! 
i just want sleep !! 
WATCHING < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Gonna take Izaiah to the movies tomorrow to c \Rango \"!" 
Izaiah and < PROPFIRST > went to go get there hair cut , then its off to the movies ! :) 
My poor lil man is very sick ! :( we had a long nite last nite . just gonna kick back and watch cartoons all day today . ( and hopefully i wont get it ! ) 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future !!! 
im sick !!! ugh !! :( 
I love you like all little children love pennies\ 
And I love you ‘cause I know that I can’t do anything wrong\ 
You’re where I belong\ 
Like red on a rose\ 
And I love you like all little children love pennies\ 
And I love you like good times of which I’ve known many\ 
And I love you ‘cause I know you give me a heart of my own\ 
You make my blood flow\ 
~ Alan Jackson ~ 
Pray for the people in japan , be thankful for what we have here at home ! 
still super sick ! this flu is taking forever to go away ! grrrr(wtf ) :( 
soooo was out of power for 40hrs !! and im still kinda sick ugh !! 
I establish my covenant with you : Never again will all life be destroyed by the waters of a flood ; never again will there be a flood to destroy the earth . ”\ 
< PROPFEMALE > 9:10 -12 ( 
Got my order in from Fire Mountian Gems , i got 62 pairs of earrings for $30 and they r all super cute ! now i have a pair of earrings for every outfit and then some ! lol 
This boy cracks me up and melts my heart all at the same time everyday , all day ! I cant wait for my next baby boy to be here already ! :) 
gonna go out and enjoy thisbeautiful day ! gonna brush my neglected horses ( lol ) and watch izaiah play on his new swing set !! :) 
Izaiah ~ when my baby come out ur tummy ? \ 
Me ~ right after ur bday he will be here . \ 
Izaiah ~ whens my burfday party ? \ 
Me ~ in 3 months . \ 
Izaiah ~ 3 months ...? oh .... o-tay . 
If your Dad is , or was , a hard working man , and is your hero , has helped you no matter how good or bad you were , and is just the best Dad ever ; if you are blessed to still have your Dad , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one Dad ! ? 
happy birthday to my awesome sister < PROPFEMALE > !! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEST FRIEND AND THE LOVE OF MY LIFE !! :) 
I wish that I could have this moment 4 life , \ 
Cause In this moment , i just feel so alive , \ 
This is my moment , I just feel so alive . 
I dont know if its the pregnancie but ppl r just irritating the shit out of me for the past week !! but on a brighter note gonna go get my nails did today !! \ 
lovin all my boys ! :) 
HAPPY BDAY TO MY WONDERFUL MOM AND ADORABLE NIECE TODAY !! :) 
Had a wondeful day outside in the sunshine , soooo ready for it to be like this all the time . \ 
suppose to be up to the 70s tomorrow too ..... everybody keep ur fingers crossed ! :) 
What an awesome day ....... We got izaiah his new Dirtbike , which he just loves !! and the book i have been waiting for , for 8yrs has finally come out with the last book of the series , and i got it today ! im sooo excited im gonna start reading it tonite !! :) 
Im sooo anxious to have this baby boy already !! :) i just cant wait !! \ 
~ *Lovin my Boys* ~ 
