Waitin for my dad to finish fixin my car . Otherwise chillin 

Believe those who are seeking the truth . Doubt those who find it . 
One day , someone showed me a glass of water that was half full . And he said , \Is it half full or half empty ? \ " So I drank the water . No more problem . " 
How long has it been since someone touched part of you other than your body ? 
We waste a lot of time running after people we could have caught by just standing still . 
Do not go where the path may lead , go instead where there is no path and leave a trail . 
We say we exchange words when we meet . What we exchange is souls . 
Every great dream begins with a dreamer . Always remember , you have within you the strength , the < PROPFEMALE > , and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world . 
Usually i post some profound , beautifully thought out phrase , from my vast knowledge of the world and the people in it to help someone in their everyday lives or situation . Well bump that ! < PROPFEMALE > boi is mobile ! I got wheels and they are H-O-T hot baby !!!!!!! 
Back to normal : Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self . And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others . 
Reality is a question of perspective ; the further you get from the past , the more concrete and plausible it seems -- but as you approach the present , it inevitably seems incredible . 
Before you can inspire with emotion , you must be swamped with it yourself . Before you can move their tears , your own must flow . To convince them , you must yourself believe . 
Change does not necessarily assure progress , but progress definitely requires change . Education is essential for change , for education creates both new wants and the ability to satisfy them . 
With courage you will dare to take risks , have the strength to be compassionate , and the wisdom to be humble . Courage is the foundation of integrity . 
Imagination is more important than knowledge . For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand , imagination points to all we might yet discover and create . 
Flatter me , and I may not believe you . Criticize me , and I may not like you . Ignore me , and I may not forgive you . Encourage me , and I will not forget you . Love me and I may be forced to love you . 
Your will shall shape the future . Whether you fail or succeed shall be no ones doing but your own . You are the force ; You can clear any obstacle before you or you can be lost in the maze . Your choice ; Your responsibility ; win or lose , only you hold the ke 
Dreams pass into the reality of action . From the actions stems the dream again ; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living . 
Life can be found only in the present moment . The past is gone , the future is not yet here , and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment , we cannot be in touch with life . 
You gain strength , courage , and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face . You must do the thing which you think you cannot do . 
The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen . Just listen . Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention . A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words . 
Got my books . Startin on my first homework assignment in months . Oh goodness . Now where is that pencil ?.................... 
All change is not growth ; as all movement is not forward . 
I could not march another day in my life and be okay with it . That cloud envy is kicking in again . Lucky clouds . Floatin and junk . They need to share their secrets to a care free life . 
try this ..... the facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... Put this as your status if it works for you . 
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself , but talent instantly recognizes genius . 
Jst knckd owt meh jry . Iz feel prety awwsum bout it ! 
Mmm sleep . < PROPFEMALE>'s past time . I wish i could wake up sometimes just so i can go back to sleep . Thats how great it is 
Somebody better call the clean up crew . I destroyed my jury last Friday , as well as my theory exam today . Gettin better by the second 
Awesome has a face , and it bares i striking resemblance to mine . Go figure huh ? 
Feels nice to be done with classes before noon 
i should really get some books soon 
My fine is $145.50 
Done with class for the day . A little bored . Txt me 
Just finished that Music History paper . Glad thats done . Now about this presentation tomorrow ..... 
Alright , theory is cancelled ! Now if i could just work on psych , i'd be home free . 
So .... bored ,.... can't .... continue ,.... need .... outside .... contact ,.... can't .... finish .... complete .... thought ,.... txt .... me .... uuuuugggghhh ( slips into a boredom induced coma ) 
Wooooooooo !!! Alright no theory ! Im so hyped i dont think i can go back to .................... zzzzzzzzzzzz 
Love must be as much a light as it is a flame . 
\We gotta tell'em that we love'em while we got the < PROPMALE > to say ... \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
Well , got a new phone . touch screens are stupid . txt me 
All i have to do is kinda slide through this week then im home free . Sounds easy enough but i feel a force deep within this forsaken place about to blow up 
Kumani Is Awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i retract that last statement . my trusting nature led me to let him use my computer and that statement was the result . Kumani is the exact opposite of awesome 
Doing nothing is the greatest feeling ever 
Robot Unicorn Attack ....... very addictive . what was i doing again ? 
Finally ..... dang 
Fresh , Fresher , Freshest , Freshershest 
Met with my accompanist today . Things are coming along swimmingly . 
Home ....... it just feels right 
Good luck Class of 2010 . This is the start of your lives . Hit the ground running you guys . Much love 
By day , we're insane . By nightfall , we become ninja who hone there skills beneath parking lot street lamps ..... beware 
Boy i hate fillers 
Everybody wants your seat as soon as you get comfortable . 
Job interview in the AM . Wish me luck . Boy do I need it ! 
Thanks everyone for the Happy Birthdays . I really appreciate it 
I . Go . Ham . ( IGAWAAM ! ) 
i want a puppy now ...... 
Had a great time visiting the Hibblers . Kelesha , I'm proud of you for gettin yourself together for college . < PROPFEMALE > , we gon work on gettin you there lol . Gotta start early to be successful in the long run . We'll take it one step at a time . 
is slightly anxious to get back into college life ... am I sick ? 
Just witnessed the greatest movie in the history of cinematography . < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World will literally , and beyond the shadow of a doubt , simply blow your mind ! 
\You must look within yourself to save yourself from your other self . Only then will your true self reveal itself . \ " Lol man do I love me some Avatar : The Last Airbender " 
Well , we're all finally moved in . Just got out the shower , im ready to ...... zzzzz 
Made grilled chicken , rice , and steamed potatoes and broccoli covered in cheese for me and my roommates . Your boy is on it . Bon appetit 
I feel like swiper the fox with a check card . I'm swiping everythang !!! 
Learning to play trumpet , this'll be interesting 
my phone's screen is broken , if you need to contact me call , dont text . i wont be able to read it . thanx 
Just had a wonderful nap . i forgot how good it felt to take one . All cultures should institute a mandatory siesta like Spain and most of Latin < PROPFEMALE > 
With my phone being pretty much useless , i havent been taking it around with me . If you tried to text me recently please call instead . If you called and i didnt answer .... call again 
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself , \Where the heck is the ceiling ?! \"" 
Could really go for some nothing time and a nap . ! Siesta ! 
I'm about to pick a free day . Idk when but its gonna happen , soon 
Its siesta time again 
What happens if you get scared half to death twice ? 
I stepped into the elevator of the music building . After standing for about 5 seconds , I got angry wondering why it wasn't moving . I realized I forgot to press what floor I wanted to go to ... I have officially checked out for today . 
You never know when it will strike , but there comes a moment during the day when you’ve made up your mind that you just aren’t doing anything productive for the rest of the week . 
Had a great time party hopping with < PROPFEMALE > Hill , < PROPFEMALE > Sams , and < PROPFIRST > Campbell 
It is impossible to be happy and succeed at college simultaneously .... 
French horn = sad :( 
Is an essay the only thing colleges have found that is an effective way of torturing students ? They could at least switch it up in making our lives miserable . I'm pretty positive that MLA style , boredom and music theory will be the cause of my demise during my stay in college ... 
Running to get doughnuts at 7:00 in the morning as a punishment for your phone going off in class is not exactly on my list of things to do in the morning 
The shrimp paradox : If this statement is not a shrimp , then it is a paradox . \ 
\ 
Think about it . Comment with your thoughts ... 
So i get home from the football game to find out that my bike has been stolen ... that's just wonderful 
Pre H.A.M. - Not eating until absoulutely starving . 
Who in their right mind schedules a football game on Thanksgiving weekend . Couldn't they have at least made it a game at someone else's school , so I wouldn't have to cut my break short ! Agitation levels : HIGH ... CAUTION 
Kegan < PROPFIRST > - \Whatcha makin ? \"" 
Correct me if you feel otherwise , but to me , it seems as though the Hogwarts ' faculty and staff have too loose security on the castle grounds as well as a blatant disregard for student safety . 
So my nose is stopped up and when I drink water I feel like I'm drowning because no air is going in but water is 
Just finished watching \Four Brothers\ " for the first time . They killed < PROPFIRST > ! They freakin killed < PROPFIRST > . He was just a kid and they killed him :( " 
Lying in bed , watching the snow from my window . Its calming but it makes me anxious at the same time 
Riff raff , street rat , I don't buy that . If only they'd look closer . would they say a poor boy ? No siree . They'd find out there's so much more too me ... 
What happened to JoJo ? I miss her :( 
Ever stop to think , and forget to start again ? 
The sooner you fall behind the more time you'll have to catch up ... 
So ... this \Cat Daddy\ " ... I think I can roll with that " 
In a bag full of crusty worms , I finally found one moist one . There is hope for all crusty worms out there . They too can one day be moist . 
Im sick of it all . Class is just not for me 
Time to put my 2 step plan in motion . Step 1 : acquire food , Step 2 : initiate relaxing sequence . Commencing phase 1 !!! 
Who loves left over tacos . < PROPMALE > loves left over tacos . Is it true ? Mmm hmm I do , I do , I do , I d o-o o ! 
Any one have a time machine I can borrow ? I need to go back in time to destroy the entire Klose family . I'm sorry did I say destroy ? I actually meant utterly eradicate ... 
I feel it but you don't . I wish so hard but you won't . Show me . How am I supposed to connect the dots that make the line that draws the road to your heart ? If the stars align , will that make me shine ? Maybe then we'll cease to be apart ... 
I finally found a bag full of moist worms !!! The legend was true !!!! 
So I'm sitting in the practice room blowing bubbles on a new < PROPMALE > and I think to myself , \I don't care how old you get . This is still cool !!! \"" 
I'm up in the woods . I'm down on my mind . I'm building a still .... to slow down the time ..... 
Though each and every Monday evening i show my inadequacy , I'm hella hyped about the World Percussion Ensemble performance next wednesday . I hope everybody comes to see us get down 
If McDonalds sold hot dogs , could you , with a straight face , order a McWeiner and tell them to super size it ? 
Though I may have none of the skill they do , I'm glad I was able to be apart the MTSU percussion student's concert tonight . Those of you who didn't attend missed a night of great music as well as a few of my sexy dance moves . 
This hand of mine glows with an awesome power ! Its burning grip tells me to defeat you ! Take this , my love , my anger , and all of my sorrow ! 
Watching the Orphan on HBO . So I'm definitely gonna have nightmares ... 
I'm a nice dude with some nice things . see these ice cubes ? see these ice creams ? 
Where is everybody ? 
I think I'm gonna contact Kanye West and see about starting a chapter of Broke Phi Broke at MT 
Broke Phi Broke ! We aint got it ! 
Broke Phi Broke is still searching for prospective members . We can't afford to properly advertise so FB is all we can do . Broke Phi Broke ! We aint got it ! 
Broke Phi Broke is meeting via fb post tomorrow around 3pm . \ 
Topics :\ 
1 . The lack of funds\ 
2 . How to get more funds\ 
3 . Hate on any organizations doing better than we are ( all the other organizations)\ 
4 . Hate on any brothers doing well for himself\ 
All brothers are expected to attend ( comment on post ) or be talked about , badly . If you have any issues you would like to be discussed at tomorrow's meeting keep it to yourself . 
So I don't feel like havin this meetin . 
So I don't feel like having a meeting anymore we aint got nothing to say to each other anyway . Broke Phi Broke - WE AINT GOT IT ! 
I need a big hot home cooked meal , a good laugh , and someone to give me a hug and tell me its gonna turn out alright ... 
