HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!!!!! 

AHHH !!! Applications are done !!!!!!! 
Going to Japan in four days 
Packing like crazy . Going to California tomorrow and then to Japan on Friday 
Heading to the airport ! 
Going to Japan in one day 
GOING TO JAPAN 
IN TOKYO and having fun ! 
Saw the new < PROPMALE > Potter Movie in Japan ... Awesome 
is going back to the USA today 
is back in the United States 
slept for 12 hours after getting home from Japan 
is still not used to being home 
guess what anyone who looks at my post just lost the game 
just got back from Japan and is heading right back out to Michigan 
doesn't want school to start and hasn't finished any of his Summer homework . 
is going to bed ....... I mean it this time 
hates filling out applications 
is going to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > students 
is going to the Air and Water Show 
got back from the air and water show ... too bad it was rainy 
is going to the Botanical Gardens today 
is bored 
just < PROPMALE > out with a lot of Freshmen for Freshmen Orientation 
is trying to frantically read a book before school starts ... just three days 
finally finished reading < PROPMALE > Lear ... and with a day to spare .... what will I do ? 
can't wait for school ;_; :( 
is being forced back to school 
yay tomorrow is a assebly day ... that means less school and it is right before the weekend 
Its finally the Weekend ... now what will I do , HMMMMMM ... well I guess I can sit around and do nothing 
finally finished uploading his Japan photos 
just found out that I can put my facebook in different languages .... and I just found the best one ever ... PIRATE 
NNOOOO school is tomorrow 
going to bed , but still not ready for school 
just remembered that there is no school tomorrow !!! 
gets a day off tomorrow to interview students for student council and to get free pizza :P 
is going on a Field Trip tomorrow ... NO SCHOOL TOMORROW 
just noticed there are a lot of people on right now 
is leaving for Texas today ! 
Had and awesome time playing bungee soccer today !!! 
is sick of applications !!!! 
going to bed ... wow it is early for me 
just got accepted to his first school 
yay ... NO school tomorrow !!! 
ahhh so glad we had today off !!!!!!!! 
ahhhh I totally forgot today was Friday the 13th 
YEAAAAAAAA !!!!! I just got accepted to school number two ... University of Michigan-Ann Arbor !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
yay no more skool for the week 
wants to do something physically before eating Thanksgiving dinner . Any ideas ? 
AHHHHHHH that was a delicious meal 
I already have all of my Christmas gifts for my family bought !!!! 
UHHH back to school tomorrow , and I still have to do my homework 
EPIC FAIL !!!!!!... the newspaper switched the honor roll order ... apparently I am now a freshmen , the juniors are sophomores , the sophomores are juniors , and the freshmen ( FRESHMEN !!! ) are seniors . LMAO !!!!!!!!!! 
Got accepted to U of I 
Does not want to go to school tomorrow , but it is the last week before break so I will 
is generous !!! 
one more night of homework !!!! 
Hello this is < PROPMALE > the Elf ... What's your favorite color ? 
Shake your tail feather !! 
so what is that one Christmas song that you hate the most 
yay going to bed ... santa is coming tonight 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
is going sledding 
havin ' some chinese food 
SENIORS ! SENIORS ! SENIORS ! Because I am a senior I have to study for less finals ... wohooo !! 
I am thinking of watching a movie at a movie theater ... what would you recommend ? 
still has so many applications to get in by < PROPFIRST > . 1st ..... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!! 
One year until we all die !!!! See you then . 
Yay !!! 
Magikarp use splash attack !!! 
I'VE GOT IT ... oh wait ... crap :( 
What is the strangest thing you have eaten and liked ? 
took part 1 of my math final today ... wohooo !!!! 
No school today .... YES !!!!!! 
Who is going to pep band tonight ??? 
Why can't the snow stop ???? 
Wow I am lazy !!!! 
Slept from 4PM to 1AM and is now wide awake 
is going to Mitsuwa 
had fun at the movies !!! 
three cheers for procrastination ... hip hip ... 
after getting my cap and gown , I am pretty sure my ability to fight senioritis went from 0 to -20 
SO glad I am not a Junior ... ONLY A 3 DAY WEEK !!! 
Has a really busy week planned and the best part is that it is mostly out of school !!!!! 
No school for two days !!!!!! 
One week until AP tests .... I really should start studying .... nah 
went to the movie theater two days in a row ... a new record !!! ( yes ... I have no life ) 
2 AP Tests down ... 2 to go :( 
I'm on a bus ... and don't you ever forget !!! 
TWO MORE WEEKS 
NO MORE AP TESTS !!!!!!!! 
7 more days !!!! 
6 more days !!!! 
Going to have a Six Flags day tomorrow !!! 
A little red but had a fun day at six flags 
Why do I have so much homework !?!?!?!? 
4 days left !!!!! 
can't believe we have to dress up for senior honors night 
today is like a mini-Friday !!!! 
what to do ? what to do ? 
band banquet ! band banquet ! 
Senior Year is OVER !!!!!!!!! 
time to P A R T Y !!! 
had an awesome dance party !!!!!! 
what to do ? what to do ? wow ... who thought not having school would be so boring !!! 
going to lunch !!!! 
I am officially an EAGLE SCOUT !!!!!!!!! 
I am 18 and just graduated ... don't mess with me !!! 
End of the first 3 to nothin ' . GO HAWKS !!!!! 
Hawks up 5 to 2 at the end of the 2nd !!!!!! 
HAWKS WIN !!!!!!!!!!! 
HAWKS WIN THE < PROPMALE > CUP !!!!!! 
got his new computer and has been playing his old PC games for days !!!!!! 
5 MORE DAYS !!!!!!!! 
why does it not feel like I am going away to college in the fall ?????? 
Leaving for NJ at 6 AM !!!!!! 
just went to the Jersey Shore !!!! 
is comming back to Lake Zurich today !!! But had an amazing time in Jersey !!!!!!!! 
YEGNCNCSHASTAMARLAXINIREFEFEWIKLOLPERZOTOVEVABROQUTENYAMADOINADETAUSOWILEUITEFOOFURHSTIIJEPDIRBGD 
BONFIRE !!!!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAD !!!!!!!!!! 
One week until orientation !!!!!!! 
Just found out I own'd the AP Physics exam ..... even though my brain hasn't recouperated yet !!!!!!!!! 
was just sitting here and then thought \Wow ! One more month and I am in college !!!!!! \"" 
leaves for orientation tomorrow !!!! 
Is back in Lake Zurich ... I know ... I'm sorry :P 
KYUUKYUUSHA ABUNAI !!!!!!! 
If a man speaks in the < PROPMALE > , and there is no woman around to hear him ... Is he still wrong ? 
Aoccdrnig to rscheearch at Cmabrigde uinervtisy , it deosn’t mttaer waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are , the olny iprmoetnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteres are at the rghit pclae . The rset can be a tatol mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit a porbelm . Tihs is bcuseae we do not raed ervey lteter by itslef but the wrod as a wlohe . 
Yay , my dogs just got skunked !! WOHOOOO !!!!!!! 
Why am I the only one on at 3:42 AM ... I just don't get it ?!?!?!?!? 
Is anyone thinking of going to the Alpine Fest this weekend ??? 
If I evet met Dorthy ... \ 
Me : \Hey 
Why is Summer beginning to end :( 
Going on vacation today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Beach here I come :) !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'M A MARCHING WOLVERINE !!!!!!!!! 
Last day of vacation tomorrow :( 
Going up to Kenosha !!!! 
has had a fun-filled and partatious weekend !!!! 
going college shopping .... again !!!! 
Just got a new phone !!!! 
helping move my sister in tomorrow !!! 
going to Bloomington !!! 
True story ... \ 
I was driving to Bloomington and on the way there was a highway sign with two town names on the sign : Whitestown and Brownsburg . 
Going down to Chicago 
has one week left in LZ !!!!!! 
Wow ... one day left and a whole bunch of stuff still to do !!!!!!! 
Just visited LZHS for the last time before I leave !!!! 
On my way to Michigan !!! 
I never knew I could hurt so much and it has only been 3 days of band week !!!!! I LOVE IT !!!!! 
Is so excited to march in the halftime show on Saturday !!!! 
gets to travel to South Bend to march HALFTIME !!!!! 
I gotta say , without Lady Gaga singing her songs are pretty catchy and I can't wait to preform this in South Bend !!!! 
Hey sorry everyone ... apparently facebook says I am on chat when I am logged off of facebook ... so to all those who start a chat but I don't respond , I am sorry it might not be that I just dont want to talk to you :) but seriously its facebooks fault ! 
just woke up ... so glad I scheduled my Friday classes so late ! 
please be respectful to the UMass band tomorrow , this is truely a heartbreaking time for them and we do not want to add to it . If you can't cheer for them , then keep your mouth closed , just DO NOT BOO !!! 
Just finished his first college essay and I really can tell that I have not written one in several months 
thank you < PROPMALE > Putnam for such \easy\ " music to learn for a one week show :) " 
Hey LZ Alum is anyone going back for homecoming ??? 
IT'S PIKACHU !!!!!!! 
Probably not the best idea to workout until midnight , when I have a class at 9 in the morning . 
Is back in LZ 
So who wants to do my homework for me :) 
Been sitting here for 30 minutes telling myself to write this paper , I am almost there , maybe another 30 
Thursday NIGHT !!!! CAPTURE THE FLAG !!!!!!! 
Is really glad he did not schedule any classes Friday morning !! 
Took an hour nap yesterday and woke up at noon today ... why am I still so tired ??? 
Time to go watch MICHIGAN beat MSU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!? 
Going to have a busy Sunday !!!? 
Even without some of our best players , we were able to tough it out with Team X and get the victory !!!!!!! HORNS UNITE !!!!!!!! 
Going back to LZ this Saturday !!? 
If anyone wants Iowa , Illinois , or Wisconsin vs . Michigan tickets , send me message ? 
Heading back to LZ until Tuesday 
So who is in LZ ???????? 
These are a few weeks I am glad are over !! 
Marching in rehearsal should be interesting today !? 
YEAHHHHHH !!!!!!!! GREAT GAME !!!! WE BEAT ILLINOIS !!!!!!!! GO MICHIGAN !!!!! BOWL GAME ELIGIBLE !!!!!? 
I am soooo glad I scheduled my week , so that the end was more relaxed !! 
CHALK ANOTHER ONE UP FOR MICHIGAN !!!! 
Great Game , Awesome Firework Show , Sexy Band , and Amazing Score !!!!!!! 5-0 Shutout !!! GO BLUE !!!!! 
Confession time .. 2010 is almost done with , so inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me , and then put this as your status and see what you get . 
I am now going on a facebook seclusion to study for finals !!!!!!! I don't know if I can cut my addiction , but I must try . 
Finally on my way home !!! 
YEAH !!! Just found out he owned his math exam ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!!! 
Heading back to A2 !!! 
Landed in Florida : check\ 
Bowl Game here I come . GO BLUE !!!!! 
Just left the beach !!! 
< PROPMALE > headache : since two days ago\ 
Being sick : probably tomorrow\ 
Ready for epic Nerf War while not feeling well : priceless 
Special needs kids aren't sick or gross or weird . They only want to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week and this is in honor of those who have children with Special needs , their Special Educators , and the children themselves . 
3 day weekend !!!!!!!!!! 
oh heeey 
I bite my thumb at you !!!! 
Whatever happened to those simpler days , where I sat playing with < PROPMALE > logs and pitting toy soldiers against each other in fake combat . Oh the times that have passed !!! 
No snow day !!! Whoo !!!!! 
YEAH !!!!!! NO SNOW DAY !!!!!!!! 
Had a lot of fun tonight playing Mafia and Settler !! Thanks < PROPFIRST > House !!! 
MMB just kicked arse at Mock Rock !!! 
Had so much fun watching The Room , such a great movie . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Cassel and < PROPFIRST > Igoe for hosting tonight ! 
just found out that one of my classes was canceled tomorrow , now I only have four more classes before spring break :) 
Is heading home for the first time since winter break !! 
Back home in the LZ 
Hells yeah !!! < PROPMALE>'s Speech took the cake !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just spent his first day of spring break doing absolutely nothing but watch movies 
So how many of you cool cats are going to the LZ Jazz Concert tonight ?? 
Just heard the Symphonic Band , with 8 horns , playing < PROPFEMALE > Wars ... hells yes !!! 
Finally getting some nice weather and guess how I get to spend today ... class until 4 and then studying for my Math Midterm at 7 . Awesome 
MOREHEAD STATE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ONE MONTH AND COUNTING !!!!! 
What does 1 + 1 equal ? 
Is anyone going to the Campus Symphony Orchestra Concert tonight ? 
