sophmore slump or comeback of the year 

Go Steelers ! 
2 steps foreward one step back 
is gettin more Beatles songs (: 
wishes the world would just give him a break ... 
nothing can be perfect , no one ever made it through the muck and slime by sitting on the ground pouting about their life ... unless you're a democrat ... 
feels adored and is playing good ole ' PS1 :) 
needs $250 in less than 2 months , any takers ? 
really really hates sleeping in ... 
god help us ... 
FOUND $6.50 IN CHANGE !!! STOP ! HAMMAH ' TIME !!! 
\Don't stop till you get enough \"" 
\Blame it on this southern weather Blame it on anything It's not like you to ask small favors You can blame me for everything \"" 
wishes < PROPMALE>'s Theory of Natural selection was fully supported . 
S.O.S. 
wow . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Mays ... 
is feeling the lonliness sink into me ... Hello ' Alone ' 
: C 
misses her quite terribly already ... 
welcome to the planet , welcome to existence , everyone's here , everyone's here , what happens next ? what happens next ? I dare you to move 
\If I go crazy then will you still Call me Superman If I'm alive and well will you be There holding my hand I'll keep you by my side with my Superhuman might \"" 
is attempting to learn rhythm acoustic guitar , and hammering is a P.I.T.A. , and pointers/links would be great ! 
isn't sure how to feel ... 
another restless night . 
would be so lost without you , please respond to me 
JUST WENT TO PETSMART AND BOUGHT THREE BABY SHARKS !!! .... METAL !! 
chugged a chocolate milkshake ! sdijnfsgdhfioehyjiuju ; rbdsnjdskdfsfnkjctxn hjkcfxnucd 
misses her quite terribly :( 
\I can’t stand to fly I’m not that naive Men weren’t meant to ride With clouds between their knees I’m only a man in a silly red sheet Digging for kryptonite on this one way street Only a man in a funny red sheet Looking for special things inside " 
Today's Playlist : Nirvana , < PROPFEMALE > in Chains , < PROPFEMALE > Jam , Stone < PROPFEMALE > Pilots , Soundgarden , and Weezer 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKjhiDEQ96w 
So , so you think you can tell , heaven from hell , blue skies from pain , can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail , a smile from a veil , do you think you can tell ..? 
I'm just an OG . 
my better half is finally back ! :D 
Overwhelmed . Happy . Upset . Excited . Mundane . Aggravated . Lonesome . Tired . 
I don't know . I've got a devil on one shoulder harassing me , and an angel on the other telling me it will be alright . 
70s dance classics day . 
needs a vacation ... 
okay , yeah . I've learned a little \life lesson\ " today : I'm pretty much throwing in the towel at thinking too much . Hasn't lead to anything but rediculous thoughts and depressing-ness " 
is bored out of my mind and my speakers won't work . baller . 
loves < PROPFEMALE > . :O 
fml 
does anybody want to try and take a end of summer road trip to New York for a weekend ? 
it's the sacrifices we make for others in secret that make us who we are . 
wishes , for just like , one day , things would work out 
is watching Tenacious D . 
just lost the game . 
I think I'm going stir-crazy ... 
R.I.P. Auntie ... 
is reminded of our mortality , how fragile the human body is . And yet how so ungrateful we are to have it . R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > 
with Katieeeeee ! 
just got home from Coldplay in < PROPMALE > . Amazing . Simply amazing night . 
\I swam across I jumped across for you Oh all the things you do Cause you were all yellow ... I < PROPFIRST > a line I < PROPFIRST > a line for you Oh what a thing to do And it was all yellow \"" 
\Hello . Is there anybody out there ? Just nod if you can hear me . \"" 
is listening to the OST of The Fountain . Classically good . :) 
is Brocoli healthy for you ? Comment with your opinion . 
why is it when we find one of our old sketchbooks we spend a good half a hour looking at it like it was a yearbook ? 
sweet lord , I am never letting someone borrow my laptop again . Biiiiiig mistake 
\When you try your best but you don't succeed When you get what you want but not what you need When you feel so tired but you can't sleep Stuck in reverse . \"" 
had an excellent night at Chili's and watching Rain Man ! 
is moving furniture into my appt in Boone todayyy 
after three stops to fix my tarp on the side of the interstate I finally got the furniture in the appt . :O 
had a great night in Boone ! Going back up tomorrow to finish moving in ! 
\It only hurts when your eyes are open . \"" 
here we go again . 
totally wants to go see Inglorious Basterds ! 
wow . my luck is pretty horrid . i must say . 
I can honestly say , I am not excited to go back up to Boone , like at all at the moment . 
is officially in his apartment 
Wow . Definately thought I had $ 1,000 on my meal card for the semester . Turns out I have $0.00 ... 
wow . just wow . 
bored . 
switched out of Foundations II into < PROPMALE > History ! Praiise Jebus !!! 
I am trying , I really am , but even superman has his huge flaws ... 
The mind has moved on , but the heart still lingers 
Astronomy @ 1- 1:50 then the day is done :O 
I don't know . I try , I really do . I'm just about to give up . 
lost in the sound of separation 
loves < PROPFEMALE > with all his heart . 
is so emotionally drained . Trying to keep the ship afloat . 
I love how some \christians\ " are such relentless ass-hats to people . Can't get much more hypocritical than that . " 
\For you I bleed myself dry \"" 
it's the things we do and sacrifice for others when no one is looking that makes us who we truly are 
one more class till labor day weekend . 
is back home for the weekend . 
is watching ASU get railed . :( 
is surprisingly optimistic today 
is the < PROPFEMALE > rule honestly that hard ? Just curious . 
I don't know what to put here . 
might have a job at Wal-mart . Wewt . 
is so bored , I just made a dartboard with my cork board and pencils with hot glue'd tacs on the tip ... wow ... 
\Wake me up when September ends . \"" 
use to like Kanye West , those were the days ... 
has a killer headache ... 
Dear Mr. Appalcart Driver , you , good sire , can go die in a fire . 
just looked at the forecast for boone . Rain , 5-days in a row . Haha 
MacGyver with GPS lolwtf ? 
is feelin ' a little worthless today -- but on the bright side , tgif anybody ? 
Hmmm ... alright . 
\The silence is killing me \"" 
is contimplating two completely different < PROPMALE > s ... Studio Art(BA ) or European History(BS ) -- do I hear a double < PROPMALE > wewt wewt ? 
I feel like I am watching you drown . There is nothing I can do but watch . What do you want me to do ? 
so I'll breakdown time and time again . Time to pick back up the weight of distance and < PROPFEMALE > on . 
Pretty sure < PROPMALE > just killed the Steeler's < PROPMALE > of a win today . 
Hahaha go go NYG !!!!! 
Omfg sun . Anybody want to play some frisbee ? 
\e ) all of the above are unadultered nonsense . \ " -- Got to love Astronomy tests :] " 
KIMBO SLICE ON UFC OMG OMG :O 
is pretty much at a loss right now . ( The whole who am I , what am I doing here , what should I do - kind of thing ) 
work 8-11am ... piss . 
drove into Mooresville today and all I could think of was . ' Damn , I hate this town . ' 
lost . 
c'mon Steelers ... I mean ... really ? 
DO A BARREL ROLL ! 
Due to the current economic situation , the light at the end of the tunnel has been temporarily disconnected . Thank you for your understanding . 
Wow . 
-- wow world , way to shit in my cheerios and piss on my head . Thanks , appreciate it . 
\I'm only a man - In a funny red sheet - I'm only a man - Looking for a dream \"" 
is really depressed ' Inglorious Basterds ' isn't showing anymore ... really wanted to see that one dammit . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmSCh5ZkMqk 
is turning the < PROPFEMALE > to a new chapter . 
* throws hands in air and gives up * 
is in one of those phases where he hates everything . Awesome . 
-- Okay . I'm getting off drama-book . 
\I don't want to be in love . \"" 
is listening to The Shins . 
okay , I can't sit here at the appt . Going back onto campus . 
\And I'm grindin ' til I'm tired -- They say ' You ain't grindin ' til you tired ' -- So I'm grindin ' with my eyes wide -- Looking to find -- A way Through the day \"" 
\They see me rollin ' and they hatin'\ "" 
Rule #32 : Enjoy the small things in life . 
When my need was dire , when all I needed was a shoulder to < PROPFEMALE > on , when I needed my closest friend to be there for me . Where were you then ? You left me , in total abandon . Thanks . 
“Fate only takes you so far , then it's up to you to make it happen . \ " , 2009-10-10 14:33:50 " 
game-tiiiiiiiimmmeee ! Go ASU ! :O 
Is going to watch the Steelers do something the Redskins couldn't . Beat the Lions ... 
wow . They've made snuggies for dogs ... wow . 
just so everyone knows . my dryer sucks so much ass ... 
is bored out of his mind . Yay fall break ? 
c'mon really ? 
had a great night . Not much else to say than it's about damn I've had oneeee 
fuck astronomy . 
grgrgrgrgrgrgrgrgrgrgrgrgrgrgr ... damn you astronomy . damn you to hell . 
great night yet again . NEW PHONE TOMORROW ! OMG OMG OMG 
christ my Lab prof is such a tool . 
has nice arms . For a TWIG . 
is bustin out the Warped Tour 05 ' CD . Good music , good times . 
argh , so much work . So little tiiiiime . 
\I've been looking for a lifeline For what seems like a lifetime \"" 
loves angry immature kids . They make me giggle . 
What happened to the good old days ? Where , I don't know , people showed a general respect to one another . 
27-17 , Go Steelers ! 
spent the weekend studying/worrying about my < PROPMALE > History test today ; only to have class be cancelled this morning . Lame . 
has seriously , one of the best drawing professors , like , evar . 
\When you're at the end of the road - And you lost all sense of control - And your thoughts have taken their toll - When your mind breaks the spirit of your soul - Your faith walks on broken glass - And the hangover doesn't pass - Nothing's ever built to last - You're in ruins ... \"" 
planned out my schedule , earliest class at 10 and no class on Friday . Nice . 
\bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks . \"" 
is going to dress up as a Muggle for Halloween . 
' Left at the roadside ' my ass . 
yeah , we broke you . Welcome to my world . 
has \Dont Stop Me Now\ " - < PROPFEMALE > stuck in his head . " 
and here is where I give up , riiight about now . 
just made some Victorian < PROPFEMALE > pattern stencils , and they do work . Like a boss . 
is listening to the Dethalbum II . A-fucking-mazing . 
\You run and tell your friends that you’re leaving me They say that they don’t see what you see in me You wait a couple months then you gon’ see You’ll never find nobody better than me \"" 
I've grown up . How about you do us all a favor and do the same thing ? 
god dammit ! I need to stop getting distracted from my paper ! dammmmittt ! 
why the FUCK do I keep getting Farmville invites ? 
* awkward turtle * 
is finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel to this retarded fucking paper ! 
has emerged victorious over his < PROPMALE > History paper . Huge weight off the shoulders ! Now onto the < PROPMALE > Paper ! 
\far below a furry < PROPFEMALE > our purposes crossed the weird divide between our kinds \"" 
\Are you desperate for an answer ? I don't have an ounce of good left in me now ; That's why I walked out ; So will you scatter my ashes where they won't be found ? I kept my word when I swore that I would let you down ; And now that I'm gone ; Try to forget me and just move on \"" 
fuck you guys , Bear Grylls is the shit . 
Steelers are winning . Go figure ! 
so like the Romans after a poor Emporer , I'll deface you from my memories , you're no more than a statuette with a chiseled off face . 
\secrets don't make friends . \"" 
is in the library watching Celeb Jeporady for like , an hour or so . Win . 
and I'm trying to suceed , but it's so hard with my back against the wall . 
waking up after a pretty good night and listening to old-school Sum 41 while driving = win . 
dammit Steelers , c'mon now . 
is the < PROPFEMALE > rule seriously THAT hard people ? I mean really . Wow . 
is watching WWII in HD on the history channel ; good shit , good shit 
Expect to fail , that way , you'll never be let down . 
' s schedule worked out alright , got most of my classes I needed , another chunk of my cheeksheet crossed off , awesome 
\Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors . \ " - African Proverb " 
ever get the feeling that today is going to be a baaaad day ? 
got to look at international studies opportunities today ! Really stoked to find out more about the trip to France/Italy ! 
I tried to tell you . But no one ever listens to the scrawny little white boy in the corner . Nope . 
is watching Gladiator and doing < PROPMALE > HW . Epic . 
chose going to an Underoath/ABR/Emery concert over AAR/Anberlin/TBS ... great sucsess ? 
fuck . twilight . and all of it's gay-ass sparkling vampire native american werewolf bullshit . 
it's one of those nights , where words won't do , only a handful of songs . 
is rockin to < PROPMALE > all night long son . 
and you'll never see , what you've done to me , and how deep your stab went , and you'll never know , how bad I hurt . 
why do you do this to me ? What is it in me that you hate so much ? Is it that I loved you with all of my heart ? Is it that I was dedicated to the end ? Is it that I would take a bullet for you ? Who is this man you seek to break so badly ? 
\I lost 20 pounds in my divorce – because apparently that's what a soul weighs . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
fuck yeah . The Patriot is on TV . God I love this movie . 
really kind of feels like radnomly blaring xmas music 
Muse = God's gift to humanity . 
honestly , sometimes you've got to stand up for yourself , just to prove you can still stand 
issss doing absolutely nothing today ... woo 
I'd rather be in Boone . 
really REALLY doesn't to work on his < PROPMALE > project , buuuut what are breaks for anyways , right ? 
waiting on a wash to dry , I realized I smell like 100% pure man . 
why the hell , am I up at 1am watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > music videos ...? 
wow , 1st half and there's already been 6 turnovers ... what ... the ... fuck 
mmm , definately ready to get back to Boone ... 
wellp , since leaving for Boone right now would be totally illogical , looks like I'm going to listen to some Muse and get another chunk of < PROPMALE > work done ( saw New < PROPFEMALE > btw and it sucks . ) 
is actually going to read a book . oh em ef gee . < PROPMALE>'s Inferno ftw . 
wellp , just went from doing nothing but sulking throughout my xmas break to hopefully going to Cali for a bit . And my financial aid covers the study abroad trip to < PROPFIRST > & Rome . Such sweet sucsess . 
basically watched my Astronomy Professor disprove the ENTIRE plot of 2012 . Huge solar flares , my ass ! 
\I swim for brighter days ; Despite the absense of sun ; Choking on salt water ; I'm not giving in ; I swim \"" 
okay , Paranormal Activity ain't got shit on The Fourth Kind 
corporate is a bunch of creepy twats . All I got to say . 
< PROPFIRST > of the Dead is on , fk yeah . 
working on a pretty intense mapping project , I think its going swimmingly . 
omnomnom creating < PROPMALE > whilst slightly intoxicated = great sucsessss 
just because everybody else is saying it .... snow in boone finally ! woo ! 
built a snowman , tried a Gyro , and watched Hot Fuzz , by god ; I call that a pretty good day 
fuck . you . Oakland . 
can I get a fuck you Oakland woop woop ? 
had a very . VERY . odd night . 
Coffee Shop - < PROPMALE > Pigg 
\Well let the poets cry themselves to sleep ; And all their tearful words will turn back into steam \"" 
ever get that feeling when you wake up , that today is going to be another baaaaaaaaaaaaad day ? 
anybody want to hand out $300 for my study abroad trip this summer ? eh ? 
chugging down those energy drinks , time to get sht done . 
\I never knew what it was about this old coffee shop that I loved so much \"" 
has gotten so desperate he ate pork and beans ... 
\i'm not going to tell you the answer because that makes it more interesting . \ " -Saken " 
4 exams . 2 papers . 1 artwork . 
1 paper , and 1 artwork left to turn in . Thank god ! 
when words fail , music speaks . 
and I come under the sweet flag of surrender , I know you'll be there to drag me under in a pit of blame and false guilt . So , I must live without regret , without sympathy , and without you . 
has lit'rally listened to nothing but Underoath today . Great sucsess . 
WOW . My grade in astronomy dropped 5 points from a lab professor that never told me any grades I made the entire semester , and never returned any work submitted the entire semester . I had NO IDEA I was doing that bad , gee , would've been nice to know how I was doing before final grade turn-in . 
my < PROPMALE > project has gone through so many radical changes , not really sure what the hell is going on , but I'm just going to let it dry . haha . 
just talked down and beat the fuck out of a potato with an old school potato masher . 
gets some serious ' lol's ' from dudes with profile pictures of them flexing their muscles . Hahaha , reminds me of tools who go to clubs trying to flex their muscles to pick up chicks . How about we get a little less superficial ? Hahahahaha 
\Please use the word ' Hamburger time ' when speaking to us . \"" 
is , to my greatest despise , back in Mooresville . 
can always rely on ' Adams Song ' to pull me back to earth 
straight-jacket feeling . 
omg omg omg 1 inch of snow omg omg . * sigh * 
one A , three B's , and a C . Totally suprised I survived the past 3 months . Haha . 
< insert pictures of me smiling in the snow > . 
YES !!!!! ROTH TO < PROPMALE > ! LAST 3 SECS OF THE GAME ! STEELERS WIN 37-36 !!!!! :D 
Dammit . Was really hoping the Vikings would've beat the Panthers today . Dammit . 
honestly glad he has this small thing called a ' life ' haha . 
and just like a random knife in the dark , the fact I'm alone peirces the mind , body , and soul . 
\DO A BARREL ROLL \"" 
5 days till 2010 . C'mon . I need a new start . I need to forget . I need my new friends . I need to help start a new life from the collapse of the old one . Woo . Bring it on . 
just to bump up the words on my top used . I need to say shit . at least 20 times to make it a good lead so . Shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit . There we go , mission accomplished . Shit , is now my top word used in my statuses . awesome . 
you can tell you go to ASU when , youre wearing a t-shirt , its 44 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > outside and you think ; wow , what a beautiful night , I wanna go for a walk . 
shouldn't be falling like this . But feels like he can't help it . 
\Dry your eyes mate . One single moment your whole life can turn ' round . \"" 
Haha today's playlist is an interesting combo of The Streets and Hed PE . Why yes , I like both . 
isn't going to mention the new year , just because every-other-person is ... oh wait ... I just did ... dammit . 
The best feeling in the world , is to feel like you mean something to someone . 
okay so , the one time I need the Patriots to win ... they don't . fml . 
is listening to ' Fix You ' on non-stop repeat 
\I would rather be beating off an angry bobcat in a telephone booth with barbed wire \"" 
is just , kind of , stagnating 
sometimes , it's better to just ... stfu . 
finally got his Underoath T-Shirt for Xmas . A little late , but the epicness of it makes up for it . 
lime green with pink swirls . 
needs to get someone to knock me out for 11am tommorrow ... I hate getting my blood drawn . fuckfhugrdhrjfnnhfujlki 
so bored I'd rather be beating off a crazy bobcat in a telephone booth with barbed wire . 
not ... really ... sure ... like , about anything . 
\I felt like putting a bullet between the eyes of every Panda that wouldn't screw to save its species . I wanted to open the dump valves on oil tankers and smother all the French beaches I'd never see . I wanted to breathe smoke . I just felt like destroying something beautiful . \"" 
\So break me down if it makes you feel right . And hate me now if it keeps you alright . You can break me down if it takes all your might . ' cause i'm so much more than meets the eye \"" 
is really kind of stoked , Graphic Design @ 10 , Foundations II @ 1 ! 
just went outside and down 3 flights of stairs to get a soda from a vending maching in the snow and ice , while it was snowing ... all in pajama pants , flip flops , and a light jacket with no shirt under . Fuckah yew winter . 
\What is low ink ? Does that mean it wants guuuuum ? \"" 
When my time comes , Forget the wrong that I've done , Help me leave behind some , Reasons to be missed . And don't resent me , And when you're feeling empty , Keep me in your memory . Leave out all the rest . 
class 1- 6:15 
has three studio classes this semester , has seen the workload , and I can honestly say , bring it on . I love working under deadlines . I love working with definitive objectives . I love late nights with < PROPMALE > . I love it . 
' s hand is screaming from typography , and I just got bad < PROPFEMALE > vu . 
could literally watch the Dog Whisperer all day . 
class-less fridays = great sucsess . 
oh these cards we're dealt 
yay insomnia 
bah typography can wait , I want to go to the animal shelter ! 
what am I supposed to do now ? 
put waaaay too much Aristocrat in that last Mountain Dew . 
okay okay , so who agrees with me , emo/scene kids need to go die in a fire and be themselves ? 
wow , the GD lab is freezing right now . I seriously think my right hand is loosing feeling . 
does believe in sending the aid to Haiti . ( uh oh ) . I'm sorry , but everyone , not just Americans , suffers from natural disasters . And we're still considered a ' world power ' , if you prefer the Isolationism of the 1800s , then move to Canada and stop bitching about the government helping people under strain around the world . Stop looking at the national flaw and open your eyes to the world . 
thinks there needs to be a cheap tool that can magically cut straight lines in mat board like scissors on paper 
' rgrlgrlgrglrglrgl ' . 
\I just felt like destroying something beautiful . \"" 
Loves how FOX News ' headline is about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Plastic Surgery , and CNN's headline is shelter aid for Haiti and talking to coorespondants out helping the Haiti people . And that's why FOX News sucks . 
is really kind of frustrated . 
hope is a profound idea , with it , we can do anything ; without it , we can do nothing . 
Okay , who here agrees with me . Guys who violently lash out towards girls are worhtless peices of shit who don't even deserve to be called a man . More like trash . Complete worthless , peices of shit , who need to have their < PROPMALE > cut off and stuffed down their throat . ANYWAYS I get to take big ass speakers to my apt today . Woo . 
really needs a hug right about now 
fuck mondays . plain and simple . 
man oh man . I need to get some rest . 
is seriously going to brew some coffee ... like .. now . 
There's just somethings , you know . That in your heart , you know is possible , and you know it could very well be the cure to much heartache on both parties . But what do you do , when no one believes in you ? Do you lose the belief in yourself ? Do you just give up on the cure ? No . If it is truly where your heart is guiding you , you just keep perfecting it . 
feels like < PROPMALE > Gump . 
say whatever you want about me , call me dumb , call me stubborn . But at least inthe end , I can say I followed my heart . 
AHH ! My Shoes Are On Fire . 
cause I know , yes I know , everything there is to know , because I lost everything I had . I could've walked on the sun , but my world came undone . 
was lit'rally in the < PROPMALE > Building for around 15 hours today . I need a life . 
Tostitos and Chili Cheese Dip is amazing . 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > . 
things just got really depressing , really quick . dammit . 
argh 
is brewing coffee .. like ... right now . 
was dead on arrival 
Nice guys , still and always will , finish last . 
is gonna go sleeding down a big ass hill . Just for shits and giggles . 
is rocking out to Protest the Hero . 
just did midnight sledding with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Godbold . epic at its finest . 
This part of my life , this part right here , is called walking away , for a very very long time . 
is really pissed/aggrivated/stressed . Great time for a workout , I do say . 
ahh good nights in Boone . 
in Wey hall , hard . Building a plastic cup .... out of cardboard . 
\I'll hope to God you come down . I'll hope to God you feel this now . I'll hope to God you come down . I'll hope to ... God . \"" 
really really needs 10- 11:50 pm lab cancelled tonight . Kind of riding on that to get home tonight . 
is home , and twiddling my thumbs 
\I felt like putting a bullet between the eyes of every Panda that wouldn't screw to save its species . I wanted to open the dump valves on oil tankers and smother all the French beaches I'd never see . I wanted to breathe smoke . \"" 
took a \Which celebrity do I look like\ " quiz at ' myheritage.com ' ... I got Ludacris . Damn straight . I'm an OG . " 
blrghlerglhlergblrglth . right . 
really needs to join like , a debate group or something , I don't know . 
Go Saints I guess ? 
I really , honestly , don't know the words to describe how I feel right now . 
the more I think about it , the more it looks like I'm working in Wey tonight . Haha 
props to the two random people that helped get my truck out of the snow . seriously , they need to give themselves a high five , right now . 
is suprisingly optimistic about this week . 
C'est la vie . 
finally got to listen to all of Underoath's newest album ... finally . Epic . 
prof just cancelled my 5- 6:15 class today . awesome 
is so glad he rented a nice camera from the library , new photos on their way ! 
Dear facebook and internet connection , My fist . Your mouth . I think they need to meet . 
blizzard . 
knows what he wants , but doesn't know how to get there , getting all sorts of mixed emotions . 
THIS IS SPARTA 
so , let me get this straight , the one day I have only one class ... the whole day is cancelled ... and the day I have three classes from 1:00 to 6:15 and a lab 10:00 pm- 11:50 pm ... ASU cancels 12:30 and before . Awesome . Awesome . 
and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > just pulled a < PROPFIRST > Quaid . 
power is going in and out ... so if it goes out again I say I shouldn't have to pay an electricity < PROPMALE > ! Don't ask questions . Just nod and agree . 
3rd string on acoustic just broke whilst tuning ... ow . 
you know what would make me happy right now ? If ASU sent an email , this second , saying all classes were cancelled tomorrow . 
okay so , today's schedule : build a snow fortress . 
loves < PROPMALE>'s Garage , they totally pulled my truck out of an accumulated 3ft of snow in the front end . awesome . 
loves getting emails from professors extending deadlines due to the snow . 
is duct taping a huge cardboard plastic cup , sounds fun I know 
just ... can't win . 
time for a nice cup of coffee , mmm folgers . 
Dear liver , I'm really sorry , but < PROPFIRST>'s weekend made me do it . 
is kind of wanting something other than < PROPMALE > and cheese or rice for dinner , but alas , my truck fails hard at driving in snow ! 
been working hard on < PROPMALE > for the past 5 hours , and I'm proud to say , I think it's all done for now , yahtzee ! 
because everybody else has one I guess http://www.formspring.me/grierk 
so its official , I'm going to California this summer , woohoo ! Sun and warmth on the west coast in only 4 months ! Woo ! 
well that was a fun excursion to attempt to go to class today . 
almost feels bad not having Graphic Design again today . 
Show me a TV preacher that heals an amputee , and maybe I'll believe . 
kind of needs to clean my room , but what does it really matter ... it will be just as bad if not worse in two days . Srsly . 
feels kind of bad for the Swedish Women's Hockey team right now . 
Cici's for dinner ? Sounds like a yes . 
pretty good friday , now to finish it off ! 
some people ... just ... don't get it . 
really should be making designs right now . ah facebook , you distract me again . 
one tribe . one time . one planet . one race . one love . one people . 
If you're having girl problems I feel bad for you son , I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one . 
ever wanted to just , throw a glass plate against a wall ? 
EXCELSIOR ! 
you can't take the effect and make it the cause . You're like a little girl yelling at her brother because she lost his ball . 
would like to personally hand out my middle finger to a certain special someone , go ahead , keep it . < PROPFEMALE > it , love it . Because that's pretty much all I have left to say . 
okay , snow , I get it , you like to fall down and make it hard for me to drive . Can we call it a truce now ? Please ? 
Well , first came an action , and then a reaction . But you can't switch them around for your own satisfaction . Well you burnt my house down , and then you're mad at my reaction . 
it looks like a nuclear winter outside , for reals . 
no much left to do but sip on coffee and doodle 
http://www.formspring.me/grierk ---- feel free to bask in my infinite knowledge and ask any question . 
argh , my right foot is killing me right now . 
' s room is clean , again . 
\People should not be afraid of their governments . Governments should be afraid of their people \"" 
\I really want to legally beat the shit out of someone right . now . \ " -- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Brown " 
bollocks . 
The Postal Service = Win 
by god , I think I'll have a nice steaming cup of coffee right . now . 
I'd rather be living in Alaska . 
it's a proven fact . The best part about waking up , really is , Folgers in your cup . 
I'm waiting on my doorbell , when you gonna ring it ? 
\Miserable visu ex malo bonum . \"" 
anyone can dig a hole , but it takes a real man to call it home . 
just got a $ 4,000 check . I win . Allah be praised . 
\The shnozzberries taste like real shnozzberries ! \"" 
pretty sure I just made that Typography mid-term my biatch . Philosophy , you're next boy . 
Astronomy lab . You are , by far , the most inconvinient class . 
after all the hype wears off , spring break doesn't sound nearly as fun as it did two days ago . 
has lit'rally nothing to do right now 
We Were Soldiers . TNT . Now . 
chopped a tree down today . Nothing says ' man ' quite like it . 
LGFUAD ! 
Maybe there's a god above , and all I ever learned from love was to shoot at someone who out-drew you . And it's not a cry you can hear at night , it's not somebody who's seen the light , it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah , hallelujah , hallelujah . Hallelujah . Hallelujah . 
By god . I think I am going to Ihop . Now . 
realized I'll be in the middle of a school week on St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ... that's kind of depressing . 
pretty much every Graphic Designer's dream came true for me today . MACBOOK PRO WITH CS4 PREMIUM !! YA TRICK YA ! 
fought with the people at the print center in Staples , got some new pants and shoes , and had my first frappacino from starbucks in about a year , came home , doing designs for the BRG , and going to see The Green Zone tonight ! < PROPMALE > DAMOOOOOOON ! 
Todays playlist : The Kaiser Chiefs , Death Cab for Cutie , Plain White T's 
heading back to Boone today , huzzah ! 
GD class cancelled all week . Woo ! No classes before 1pm this whole week ! 
Time to pretend ! 
\When you feel embarrassed then I'll be your pride . When you need directions then I'll be the guide . For all time . For all time . \"" 
okay , so that's 2/2 projects I've worked on the day before I thought they were due , and then they get moved back without me knowing . Man I'm on a roll . 
Go 
For it . 
\Been in that water since a youngin you just shark food . Quick Draw McGraw I went to < PROPMALE > school . Yeah the lights is bright but I got a short fuse . Don't snooze . Been handling the game so long my thumb bruise . \"" 
watching Boondock Saints II ! Amazing so far ! 
good day to roll down the windows , and drive down the parkway 
get lifted . 
walked a dog , got sucked in by a river , and took a frisbee to the face , like a pro . 
is addicted to reading Socrates ' dialogues . Yes , I have that little a life . 
\The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be . \ " - Socrates " 
ugh , I am so not ready for today . But at least I had a scrumptious breakfast this morning . 
\The first and greatest victory is to conquer yourself ; to be conquered by yourself is of all things most shameful and vile . \ " - Plato " 
had a really really off day 
should really just quit 
sometimes , you just need to ask yourself ... ' What would Bear Grylls Do ? ' 
was upset , and doubting his goals , and then remembered , What would Bear Grylls do ? Hell yeah he'd go for it ! 
you know what would be cool ? If my Academic Advisor would respond to my urgent email about ASU blocking me from registering online because I apparently missed the meeting I was 3 minutes early for and clearly attended ? 
The order of intelligent conversation goes a lil ' somethin ' like this . Learn the subject -> have a debate ... not the other way around . 
is going running in the duke power state park in the AM . Great success ! 
saw two deer up close at the state park and found a cardinal stuck on our front porch ... what a weird day . 
really hates these kind of sad dismal days , and not to mention , the week starts over again tomorrow 
has that certain gentlemanly swagger 
Got all the classes I needed and soccer . haha . 
loves Death Cab for Cutie . 
some people , just never learn . 
had a bad day again 
this might sound rediculous , but I kind of wish I could have a semi-decent day sometime here soon 
Complete 60 designs for GDI : Check . Rent camera from library to work on stop animation : Check . Mat and place typography project : Check . Cut planks in woodshop for FDII : Check . -- Great success . 
is going to the DSO tonight , get excited 
debating on whether I want to head home tonight or tomorrow morning 
( throws a glass plate at a wall and punches a small kitten and proceeds to throw it at a wall as well . ) 
not even going to try to help again . screw it . 
made fucking filet-mignon for dinner , what son , what . NY Strips wrapped in extra thick < PROPFEMALE > coated Bacon . Get on my level . 
just finished all the layouts for my Graphic Design booklet . I really want to throw a table out of a window . 
kids these days . 
is making a stop animation movie , great fun ..? 
barefoot day woo 
is getting my candidacy review book together , feeling like I'm gettin something accomplished :) 
wishes I was so cool that I had to pay for friends . 
just realized , my stop-animation vid for GD looks alot like a ' Green ' commercial or something . awesome . 
rockin ' out to the bagpipes today . for reals . 
\Forgiveness liberates the soul . It removes fear . That is why it is such a powerful weapon . \"" 
you know what I want ? I want to go run in a beautiful country side , nothing but the warm feeling of the sun on my back , and the rhythmic beats of my heart and the timely pats of my feet making an ensemble 
\What kind of bear is best ? False . Black Bear . \"" 
< Insert philosophy from a holy book here > . 
palm . to . face . 
\some people chose to use the sword of truth ... or the AK-47 of bullshit \"" 
once again I state , Astronomy lab , you are still , by far , the most inconvenient class I have taken . 
hurray for no friday classes . sleeping in is a great success . 
might actually go to a sunday mass tomorrow . let's just hope I don't burst into flames and have my skin boil away when I walk in . 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . April is cancer awareness month . 
nothing like a good looooong day at studio to let out frustrations 
time for another night at wey , get excited . 
ALRIGHT , just made another patch of plaster , c'mon big money big money , no whammies no whammies ! 
Day 3.5 of life at Wey . Gotta love < PROPMALE > Major-ness . 
Dear World , please , stop defecating on me for a few days . Please . Thank you . 
f*cking < PROPMALE > people . 
so , 3 projects left , 2 papers , candidacy review , and 3 tests left . 
wishes < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > would turn up his stereo right now . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is a very bad DJ . Don't let him confuse or trick you . 
YOUNG MONEY . CASH MONEY . 
would like to inform everyone he did , in fact , just made a delicious pizza from scratch , and it is delicious . 
got the spreads for my book done ! Just need to remake the cover and get it all saved to pdfs ! 
started work at 12:30 today , and still working . Where o where did my life go ? 
is pressing his book in an ole ' timey contraption , pray to god it works 
likes to sleep 
just read Plato's Theaetetus ... mind boggler , it was 
last day of Typography , Philosophy , and MORE IMPORTANTLY ASTRONOMY ! 
just got back from setting stuff up for candidacy . Taking a 3 hour nap then getting ready to head back with fresh prints . 
picked up the stuff from candidacy . now time for a nice nap . 
sweet 6 hour nap . 
wow ! Totally BS'd my philosophy paper and I GOT A 96 !! 
adventurous day at Hebron 
and why am I up at 4am watching independent short films ? I have no idea . 
party like its 1999 !! 
ah what a night . 
really really wishes he didn't have an Astronomy Exam tomorrow . 
PASSED CANDIDACY ! 
has to make a binder showing his processes for his projects in Foundations II , bahaha . Too easy . 
fire in the hole . 
Ah ha ha , good cinco de mayo 
summer is finally here , and to all you who made my sophmore year the best thank you , and to all you that left me in the dust , well , same to you ! 
would like to take this time to remind everyone , Mooresville is a horrible place . 
just made a pancake with bacon embedded in it . Delicious . 
Fight Club on Bravo . Turned a crap night to a much better one . 
\What is this ? \ " \ " This . isachemicalburn . \"" 
have you every just seen a picture of someone , and have to shake your head and gargle nonsense when you look away ? Haha yeah , that just happened . 
has the swagger of a crippled . 
is going to the Waffle House for a great community feeling with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Gladiator is on TNT . Best movie ever made . Can't wait for < PROPFIRST > Hood to come out next Friday . So freaking excited . 
<-- 3.45 GPA for the semester lolwut . I'll take it . 
looking for some new tunes to listen to whilst I work on < PROPMALE > . any suggestions ? ( not Lil < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST >.) 
wait wait ... my cup of coffee just got done . 
bored out of my mind . 
fuck bitches , get money . 
welcome to the suck . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTcVNuNX8yY 
wants to be burned to ashes , poured into the ocean , devoured by fish , and then people devour the fish . I'll turn your kids into cannibals and they won't even know it . 
f'jrsiugkjlhfrenuilfdjew < PROPFIRST > HOOD COMES OUT TOMORROW . fhuilsfujsmjjek 
driving to < PROPMALE > , hurray ? 
just slept for 17 hours . nice . 
is looking at internships for different places in Mooresville for Graphic Design , exciting business , and , waiting for my email to nail down the travel information , because ... because I am officially going to Cali in June ! Getting out of this god-forsaken state ! 
is leaving for Sacramento in 26 days and counting !! 
found a quick and easy way to make panoramas ! So excited , for reals . 
it seriously looks like I just put my left foot into a box full of spiders for a couple of hours . There are an insane < PROPFIRST > of spider bites . 
\Don't waste your time on someone who isn't willing to waste their time on you \"" 
listening to some System of a Down . Sweet jesus , haven't listened to em ' in forever . 
I feel like putting a bullet between the eyes of every Panda that wouldn't screw to save its species . I want to open the dump valves on oil tankers and smother all the French beaches I'll never see . I want to breathe smoke . 
\Facts are stupid things . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
off to go running at the state park , wee 
would like to take this time to say , SACRAMENTO IN 19 DAYS !!! 
spent the afternoon playing in god's playground aka Hebron . 
kind of had high expectations for the night . Nerp . 
is watching the stars come out , and planes fly over 
just got done with a hard day's work , listening to Elbow and relaxing . Great day . 
UFC 114 . Rampage is going to dominate . Hands down . 
Sacramento in 13 days ! 
rest in peace < PROPMALE > . Oldest friend . Best dog anyone could ever ask for . 
God , please take me away , far far away from here . 
misses my dog . alot . 
\From each tragedy comes a greater inspiration . \"" 
\99 Luftballons\ 
driving alll over Iredell county today , fun fun 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness 
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes ! 
thanks for all the birthday wishes ! Going to get my tattoo tomorrow . For reals . 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know , everything that shines ain't always going to be gold . I'll be fine once I get it , I'll be good . 
finally got my first tatt , pics coming soon ! 
Feels like destroying something beautiful . 
blah blah blah , hum drum 
just did some sweet yard work . Packing and cleaning before I go to Cali ! 
people need to chill out . alot . yeah . 
10 hours to go till I head to the west coast ! 
chilling out at the gate , waiting on my flight to board . fun fun . 
great day yesterday , only gettin ' better . Cali is the proverbial ' shit ' . 
only 11:44 , and I've had a great day , aside from face-planting on a wake board . lolololwtfpwnd . 
just like all the rest . 
had a nice skate at the parking lot , rocking out to Austrian Death Machine's newest album , I love cali . 
please , just let me have my head in the clouds , just for a little bit longer . I know what I need to do , I do what I can , please just let me keep my head in the clouds , just for a little bit longer . The sweetest escape ever written . 
sitting at the airport again , waiting on my flight to MN . 
safely back in North < PROPFEMALE > ! Loving humidity ... it's my favorite . 
Last time I got pulled over ... the cop left with a warning . 
once taught a < PROPMALE > Shepard to bark in Spanish . 
had a great day today ! LOL JK it was just pointless and depressing . 
loves Protest the Hero . There , I said it . 
It's a dangerous business , walking out your front door , if you don't mind your footing , no one knows where you might be swept off to 
went skateboarding around campus on my new board , quite fun , I do say . Thanks < PROPMALE > for the board and new wheels , they work like a charm ! 
listening to some Passion Pit , good stuff 
looking for new ideas , and sort of cleaning I guess 
just . just . going to shut it . 
go go Germany ! Dominated . 
old-school < PROPMALE > Wonka and the Chocolate Factory is on ! Love this one ! 
is so bored , I am drawing african tribesmen . 
I love the way you lie . 
loving the Recovery album , one of the best albums he has made . imo 
I swear that I saw sparks 
so apparently , I'm in Boone-town till Friday 
A cup of MGMT , two cups of Passion Pit , a light glaze of The Streets , a pinch of M.I.A. , and a glob of Eminem on the side makes this a great day ! 
is going to see my long lost love < PROPFIRST > Smith tomorrow . 
is taking it all back to the roots . 
great night ! All I got to say ! I lurve Boone ! :) 
to regain man points for getting a lap dance by a guy last night , < PROPFIRST > Smith is now playing with a mini-fire truck in my apartment . 
\DIRKA DIRKA JIHAD DIRKA \"" 
is in Mooresville , what a drag . 
it's 11pm and why yes , I did just start up the coffee machine . 
making Penne noodles with grilled chicken and steamed brocoli , yum 
glorious Dos Equis , < PROPFEMALE > Wars Marathon and a Burger 
is traversing to Boone on the morrow . Get excited . 
should really stop with the whole ' getting the hopes up ' thing 
listening to some Bright Eyes today , good stuff . 
\If I had a nickel for how hot you are . I'd ... have a nickel . Cause ' ... you're hot ... \"" 
so . On-Campus has hours available for people to take the shifts ... but they don't to add anyone new . Awesome . No job STILL . Nice . 
is on the hunt for post-rock artists . 
has a monstrous headache , and is simply having a horrible day . 
making a huge cup of coffee then moving some furniture out into my truck and heading home . fun ? oh yes . 
just got an email from Gerber titled \You and Your Baby - Month 7\ " . How did they know ?! " 
it's amazing how music can change your mood . Yeah DFB bitch , and KoRn in this bitch , I let my shoulder's < PROPFEMALE > , I snap my neck , I let my wrist pop , I let my fingers snap . Word . 
I'd rather be the damned fool that runs for the smallest amount of hope , against the greatest odds , than the damned fool who doesn't . 
Uhm . I was behind spain the whole time ! go spain ! LOL JK fuck bandwagoning . 
I-E-A-I-A-I-O 
basically mercy killed a kitten today ... wow . Grody . 
\You need to hold it down < PROPFIRST > 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veAIHDGghP4 
Vladimir Putin is honestly , one of my favorite people . 
und jetzt , schlafen . 
mowing the grass . fun ? To-tally . 
found my parent's old Canon EOS Rebel ! Yes ! Now I need to go buy film ! :) 
is learning and playing with ink washes . fun stuff . 
loves Housing and Residence at ASU . Once they kick you off campus for not being lucky and winning the lottery , you're no longer considered a human with financial struggles in their eyes . Awesome . 
found some fellow skaters in Boone . lolomgwut ? Yes , they do exist ! 
hates waking up and skipping happy and moving on to straight up depressed 
thinking I might pack my truck up with more furniture and head to Mooresville today . Nothing at all to do in Boone . 
just pulled an ' AHRNALD ' on the last big pieces of furniture in my apartment 
Pink Floyd : The Wall is on Fuse . Awesome . One of the best movies . Ever ! 
is drinking coffee and having some toast like it's 7am , you can tell it's summer . 
fuck my life . If I ever hear any middle class person complain about finances . I swear to god , I will punch you in the throat . 
this coffee tastes burnt and bitter . like room temperature dark chocolate . gross . 
listening to Explosions in the Sky and working on < PROPMALE > for the rest of the night . 
IS IN A BAD MOOD , BUT , IN HONOR OF < PROPFIRST > MAYS , I AM WRITING ALL OF THIS IN CAPS LOCK . FOR JUST $19.99 , YOU TOO CAN HAVE THIS GREAT STATUS , LOOK , IT SITS HERE , IT SITS THERE , IT LETS PEOPLE SEE WHAT YOURE THINKING , IF YOU CALL NOW , THE SHIPPING IS ON US ! 
watched Inception , really good movie . Almost as good as Titanic . 
are you serious right now ? 
today has been a day of exploring . I've got a lot of big decisions to make here soon . 
VAST RIGHT WING CONSPIRACY THEORIES . 
is brewing some delicious coffee . 
I don't think I've dropped the \F\ " bomb so many times in so little a time-span . F-radiation is all over the place ! " 
it's a hot day today , so I've taken my time finding good recipes for making iced coffee . It's just like making Iced Tea , but for men 
for the love of god , I am never eating a meal just before running . Ever . Again . 
listening to Creedence Clearwater Revival . Ah the oldies . 
just woke up from a 2 hour nap . felt good . 
making < PROPMALE > for all you ADD people out there ! 
coffee and toast . always make a bad day , good . 
today , is a Coldplay day . 
GET TO THE CHOPPA 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , gets her name and face all over the news because she went to jail . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > Johnson , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke , ... 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 are all Marines ... that gave their lives for you this week . Honor THEM by reposting this 
got my email with resume , application and cover letter sent off to the Turchin Center as a ' Gallery Ambassador'! Hopefully it all goes well , and I'll FINALLY have a job ! 
just raved with a couple people at Koncepts . Oh yeah , and I daggered the DJ . I win . 
got a lot of stuff under control , and it's only 12:30 
is alone in this empty apartment , really kind of lonely . 
Terminator movie marathon day ! 
this , this right here , is why I want to work as a photojournalist . 
In the late and great words of Colonel Sanders . I'm too drunk , to taste this chicken . 
don't even know what to say . Probably one of the most depressing summers in a long time . 
still trying to figure out this whole ' homeless ' situation . I have places I can choose , just , no money , at all . Lit'rally . 
well'p , not going to the beach this weekend apparently , BUT I got my flight information for California today ! Heading back there in T-Minus 5 days ! 
has my Gallery Ambassador interview set up for Monday at 1pm ! Finally ! 
loves 5-hour energy shots . Alot . 
just had my interview at the TCVA , ought ' to know by wednesday if I snagged the job ! * fingers crossed * 
\Do you know what it's like to feel ugly all the time ? I'm staring in the mirror looking back at the person I hate . \"" 
so this saturday , at 7:30 , the Steelers pre-season kicks off . get exctied . 
packing to head out to Sacramento in the AM ! 
Got the job at he turchin center , just relaxing it up in california before school starts ! 
Steelers playing , and DirectTV isn't showing it in CA . Lame . 
found a live stream of the Steelers game finally ! Yus ! 
what is this said ' internet ' you speak of ? 
might have a house in Boone ! $250/month ! Nice . 
not going to let the likes of you dampen my day . No ma'am . 
wants to get severely inebriated . 
sittin ' in the Sacramento airport , waiting on my flight to Chicago , then to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
why hello east coast 
If there is one thing I've learned this past year , it's to never put trust , faith , or hope in anyone or anything but yourself . 
heading to Boone today , but 1st ! I must test the new longboard ! 
PANCAKE TICKETS !? DO A BARREL ROLL ! 
DEAR CHRIST ! All this photography gear easily trumps the costs of graphic design classes . BUT I do admit , I'm super excited for the studio classes I have :) 
Got the bank acct set up , woo , $50 free for signing up !... That's a camera battery . Haha 
has a had an incredibly stupid morning , but . For some unknown reason , I can't stop smiling . 
learned a fun little fact today , in total hours spent working outside of class , in average , < PROPMALE > Majors are only trumped by people working for a Medical Degree . 
irony , just irony . :) 
pretty good soccer class , feeling pretty good , listening to some glorious ABR's newest album and working on more designs , Good times 
wants to hear the redemption bells ring , cause ' I finally have a good reason to keep my hopes up 
wouldnt mind the people playing guitar above me if they could play like , anything coherrent 
The Gorillaz . 
http://booneweather.com/Forecast/Boone — that's right . It's a 5 golfball week . 
pretty amazing how quick a good mood , can turn into an incredibly stressed and negative mood . 
ever get that feeling , that you're making yourself look dumb for having resilient hopes ? I get that all the time 
busy busy busy busy busy busy busy busy busy busy 
It's a dangerous business , walking out your front door . 
is completely preparedly unprepared for the day . 
the Steelers and Panthers are playing . Didn't know that . 
But it's in despair that the most burning enjoyment can be found , especially when you're very deeply conscious of the hopelessness of your position . - Fyodor Dostoevsky 
will be in New York in t-minus 19 days . 
work at the gallery today was great , if you could call it work . Ah , I love my job . Haha 
nothing to do in Boone . Urgh . So . Boring . 
I seriously give the fuck up . Every . Single thing . That I have tried to do , is just falling apart and fucking up . I just give . the . fuck . up . Kind of hard to smile and have a good day , when you can't fucking accomplish < PROPFIRST > shit . 
so , anyone in Boone want to ride on a rope swing thats in front of my place for my photo project real quick tonight before the sun goes down ? 
literally spent the whole day attempting to work on stuff , and guess how much I got done ? Nothing . Super . 
is OD'ing on ' Organic Flax Plus Raisin Bran ' , this . stuff . is like a party of delicious healthy in my mouth . 
just got back from a crazy adventure with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Brown , and < PROPFEMALE > Evans , visited an old abandoned Buddhist < PROPFEMALE > , and an old apt complex , almost went canoeing , and climbed a tree , fun fun , oh yeah , and I got my photo assignment done finally . 
Digital Imaging , has been cancelled Thursday , and I'm actually way too excited to get one extra hour of sleep . 
just got back from the 1st live-drawing session of the year , great kick off , I do say ! 
hates it when I get emails that are filled with literally nothing but nagging about things during a busy school day . 
just laid in the mud for a set of shots for photo class . dedication . haha 
\THAT'S NOT A < PROPFEMALE > . THAT'S A SPACE-STATION ! \"" 
13 days till New York City , just got to keep reminding myself . 
just got back from watching < PROPFIRST > Black . Pretty much hilarious . Hahaha 
Y'know that I could use somebody . 
just found out one of my jackoff roommates didn't pay rent . Now i get to pay part of his late fee because of it . 
going to the photo darkroom for putting some pro film onto reels . Get excited . 
really wishes my pothead roommate who has yet to pay his rent , would stop yelling at our TV over football . I mean come on , football is great and all , but yelling after every . single . play . Really ? 
need to find a Lieutenant Dangle outfit for Halloween . 
NYC in 10 days ! 
< insert something meaningful here > . 
finishing up the design book tonight , fun fun . 
memories fire at me like bullets from a gun . 
had a horrible dream , missed the bus , forgot my cellphone at mt apt , ipod is dead , and I wore my shoes that cause blisters . and it's not even 8am yet . 
disappointment . 95% of it is simply in myself . I really need a \great revival\ " or something . " 
Up in Wey , just got done processing two films , and my photos look good ! Yay ! 
Hardee's Bacon Egg & Cheese biscuits are by far , better than McDonalds . 
once again I say . Disregard females , acquire currency . 
there comes a time , when all you can do is throw your hands up in the air , laugh at your circumstance , and walk away . 
at work , playing Spacemen vs Medieval Zombies . Seriously . 
< PROPMALE > history test tomorrow . I looked at the powerpoints , and was lost . Boy oh boy . 
is finding out , how much of a wallflower I really am . Not really a good or bad thing I suppose ? 
just took a huge gulp of coffee that has been sitting out since this morning to take some pills .... I love college ...? 
never conquered , rarely came . 
excited to head out to NY , only downside is stepping up just about every deadline for all my classes by about a week 
in New York City . Pretty baller . 
literally walked from 24th and 3rd , to 6th and Broadway and all around , then back up and around . Subways and Taxis are for tools . Haha 
has come to accept things the way they are . I am who I am , I think how I think , and I live how I love to live . This is the sound of settling . 
oh yeah , forgot to mention , on my plane ride to NYC , I saw the Reverend < PROPMALE > Sharpton in the 1st class on our plane . 
walked up to Times Square then took a sweet trip to Veniros ! Best cheesecake ever . 
going to Ground Zero 
busy busy day , went to Ground Zero , sat in St. Paul's Chapel ( and did not , suprisingly , burst into flames ) , walked to the < PROPFEMALE > Summit meeting , saw ' someone very important ' according to the NYPD , went to the Chrysler building , sat in Grace Church Cathedral ( and did not , suprisingly , burst into flames ) , and it is only 2pm . 
The greatest feeling in the world , is feeling like you mean something to anyone . 
left my photo binder in NYC , which is AWESOME , not like I needed to have stuff to turn in and work on or ANYTHING . FML . 
http://i717.photobucket.com/albums/ww179/wonkybiff/gifs/25rph6c.gif\ 
\ 
All I got to say . 
misses New York already . Sadface . 
public speaking , is seriously one of the most annoying classes . It's like have a little parrot nagging you the entire semester . 
up in the studios and labs all night son . 
\Nobody said it was easy . No one ever said it would be so hard . I'm going back to the start . \"" 
Wow . The stupid things people say . Just , amazes me . 
really thinking I should just moved into one of the rooms in Wey Hall , futon , lamp and all . It would totally make my life so much easier . 
actually got good reviews across the board today for my works , it actually brightened my day . 
it's an Underoath night . For reals . 
a year ago , my life changed . For the better and for the worse . Not sure how to feel . Part of me wants to scream , part of me wants to drink so much I blackout , and part of me wants to starve myself . 
large coffee with a shot of expresso in it ? I think so . 
work day , going by , so . slow . 3 hours till close . Thank god 
well this is awkward . My roommates are seriously screaming and hitting shit about the LSU - Tennessee game . 
haha and the panthers still fail . 
BEAUTIFUL day in Boone today . 
today kind of feels like a reverb of exactly how I felt a year ago and all last winter . Nice to see I have made literally no progression . 
stayed awake for a whole < PROPMALE > history class this morning . big step there . 
Time spent looking for good , meaningful , lyrics to read in Public Speaking : 1hour . \ 
Time spent trying scraping all of it and deciding on a Lil ' < PROPMALE > rap song : 5minutes\ 
Professor reluctantly giving me credit because I read it well : Priceless . 
jumped another hurdle , he comes the next one 
spending the night rediscovering My Chemical Romance , love their music . For reals . 
god , this russian tea I just made is good shit , good shit . 
is ready to have a GREAT weekend , LOL JK it's going to be just as shitty as ever . 
week and a half till I get to finally go home . I'm kind of ready . 
god , brewing coffee makes everything better . It really does . 
10-10-10 is international man day . So , if you're a man , and you have no intent of doing something manly today . Please , visit your nearest hospital and have surgery to remove the balls . 
ROFL at the < PROPFEMALE > Lions , er ... Panthers 
is so incredibly exhausted . 
designing designing designing , letting it all kind of , flow out 
screw you Boone construction . The point of night construction , is to do it when as few people are commuting as possible . Not 8pm . 
has a death metal band playing about 8ft above my head in my room tonight . Really not in the mood for this shit tonight . Going to the studio . 
just ... just wants to go home . 
work today , boy oh boy 
just got two pretty B.A. prints from my NYC trip done and developed and all 
apparently has 15 people and small dog coming up to visit boone today haha 
ate Chili's for lunch and took a ride on the Blue Ridge to see the changing of leaves , all while my Pittsburgh boys did a number on the Browns , going to the studio to finish up work , good day so far . 
time spent in dark room : 3+ hours . --- number of sheets of photo paper waisted : countless --- amount of prints that are decent : more than likely 1 or less 
leaving to head home tomorrow night , and I don't think I could be more ready . 
1st dodgeball game of the season tonight . We got this . < PROPFIRST > Miller . You're going down , kid . 
was looking forward to Chili's leftovers .... but my fat ass roommates ate it . Wow . 
nope , not a Coldplay day . It is definately a Wolf Parade day . 
why is Canadian Indie music , so uncommonly good ? 
PISS LIGHTNING . SHIT SUCCESS . 
is in Mooresville for a few days , meh . 
got some fresh contacts today , and bought an olde english stache at the halloween express . nice . 
so , somehow , I managed to get an 87 ... on my < PROPMALE > History mid-term ...? How I did that good , I have NO IDEA . But , I'llllll take it . 
ran two < PROPMALE > around Duke Power state park and now has an awesome blister encompassing his right foot . 
stopped to think about ALL the work I have to do . BAM , Hello stress ! So nice to see you again ! 
sitting in my apartment , drinking some coffee , writing papers . 
just got the \Jack-O-Lantern\ " drink at the coffee shop . BY GOD I love pumpkin . " 
spent my time off cleaning the apartment , I think my pothead roommate is suprised mommy and daddy didn't come in and clean up after him . From the looks of it , that's what he was expecting . Gross . 
just bought a V8 Vegetable Juice Drink , and it tastes just like the sauce you have with Ravioli . Pretty amazing . 
if < PROPMALE > Stores were smart , they wouldn't close right when Graphic Design students get out of classes . Yes , I'm talking to you , < PROPMALE > Mart . 
been listening to the Inception OST all day , not even going to lie , feeling like everything is epically important right now . Even as I'm typing this . 
going to the Humane Society for Photo class , cool beans 
one plus of working Saturday for 8 hours is , I just got done with all my Public Speaking/Art History work , hurray ? 
found a trail that yearns to have my mountain bike on it , huzzah , going to be a good day . 
went mountain biking today , found a sketch bridge that shouldn't be where it is , and ended up in a couple people's backyards 
thinking up some ideas for installation works , pretty exciting . 
just took alot of custom exposure photos , no clue how they'll come out , but ... worth the < PROPMALE > 
so , who wants to go see Inception for 1 WHOLE dollar on Saturday night , I'm pretty excited 
wants to do an installation , soooo bad 
Avacado n ' Oats for Dinner ? Yum 
pretty glad I went to the AIGA meeting tonight , nice to see what the future will be like after college , guess who's moving to Penn or Manchester ? This guy . 
nothing to do today but go to work 
just went mountain biking in 36 degree weather and snowing , like a real man . 
I think everyone needs to get some < PROPMALE > in their head tonight and head to the Turchin Center tonight , meet and greet with exhibiting < PROPMALE > ists ! Oh yeah , and there will be a bar in the gallery , just thought I'd mention . 
when I look at the past year without some ' certain ' people in my life , I realize , I've met so many more awesome people . Oh yeah , and I've traveled from dipping my feet in the bay in San < PROPFIRST > to the isle of Manhattan , no biggie . 
just had some amazing Boone Bagelry for mid-day snack . So good , so good . 
has mastered swallowing pills with hot coffee . 
setting GI < PROPFIRST>'s on fire . 
loves how I have a persuasive speech wednesday , and the outline for it , that was due 2 weeks ago , and that I turned in before it was due , still , has yet to be graded . 
looking at minoring in Communications 
feels like shit , and deserves to be treated like it too . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2cLjREwngk — props to < PROPFIRST > for this one . Amazing . 
bout to do me some live drawring , then photo/type work . Going to be a long ... ' wonderful ' night in Wey . 
my spoon , is too big . 
just registered for classes , got a pretty good deal , 18sh and only 1 class monday and wednesday . 
Tomohawkin ' fools today . 
4 more hours of work , hurray ? 
1.75 hours left , 105 minutes , 6300 seconds , yes , it's a very slow day . 
gave my truck , < PROPFEMALE > , a bath , she looks so wonderful . 
I got 99 problems , but a bitch ain't one . 
is baking a banana nut muffin cake , nomnomnom 
spending $30 at Staples for 2 prints for a class . I am not reprinting it . I don't care . 
wow . Redskins , should , probably . Just quit right now . 
I just wanna be successful . 
is having such an ASTOUNDINGLY shitty day . 
looking at a Study Abroad in Greece or France/Germany/Belgium/Luxembourg this summer 
feels a little bit sick , not sure if a death metal band practicing above my room is the best option right now 
loves the fact the Turchin Center is playing < PROPFEMALE > Cline-esque over the speaker system 
reading Crime and Punishment 
going to < PROPFEMALE > out at Fall 2010 Boone Handmade Market today , come out and support local crafts ! 
went and bought moss , coffee , and some stuff from that one weird girl Becca Vaughan at the Handmade Market today , ah I love Boone 
This is 10% luck , 20% percent skill , 15% concentrated power of will , 5% pleasure , 50% pain 
reaching new lows in leaps and bounds . 
it's funny how one person , can just , kill a band for you . r.i.p. Coldplay . You were so awesome . 
wow , got to love coming home and finding out one of your dogs died since the last time you were here . 
ate way too much pumpkin pie . 
I never thought , clown make-up could be so creepy . 
I never thought , I'd die alone , another six months I'll be unknown . 
was feeling overwhelmed , then realized , I don't have to do candidacy . 
I would personally love to have maybe I don't know , one or two things go RIGHT . 
watching a Borat , I am very excite 
on a quite miserable day like today , my bus was 30mins late . It's okay , I love standing out in the rain and cold . 
OCD is making my brain hurt . I better get an \Super Duper A+++ \"." 
crank dat soldier boy ? 
\Do you folks like Coffee ? Real Coffee ? From the hills of Columbia ? \"" 
flag raising is done , if you're free you should totally swing by Room 212 in Wey Hall ! 
what the fuck ? Go away freshmen . You're killing everything . First Daylight Doughnuts , then Mellow Mushroom , NOW Koncepts . GTFO ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against ... child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
< PROPMALE > crawl 
Waltz Moore 
Walmart has Tortellini for 1.28 A BAG ! AWESOME ! 
its 21.8 Degrees in Boone , and I feel like going for a run 
loves how my public speech professer expects us to turn things in on time , and give half credit if it's even 1 day late , but he can't grade a single thing , until the last day of class , with no feedback on anything . 
How many people you bless , is how you measure sucsess . 
hah accidentally slept in and missed my 8 , oh wait , 8s were cancelled . awesome . 
yes I like snow , but in moderation , you and I both know , this shit is incredibly , increeeedibly inconvineint . 
snowed in , guess it's a sign that I need to get work for my final projects done , shucks . 
snowed in : check , christmas music : check , cackling fire : check , end of classes : check , quite possibly the most destressed time designing for a final 
looked at all the things I have to do between now and Friday basically , and let me tell you , weather , I fucking hate you . 
If you're havin girl problems , I feel bad for you son , I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one . 
fuck procrastination , I get shit done . 
Should make a sign saying \Will write your papers if you pay for and do my < PROPMALE > projects . \"" 
fellow typography II students , hate to be a buzzkill . but my fatass roommate used my eggs ... for his pancakes ... no red wine brownies tomorrow ... 
2 Project turn-in's and a test , till the end of the semester 
finished my prints and mats for Photo , regardless of the exam day being pushed back two days to next Wednesday . Yeah . I get shit done . 
\Chaos was not supposed to look like this . \"" 
watching the Dark Knight on big screen , what now 
did my dumb online < PROPMALE > history final . It would , have been awesome , if half of the questions related to anything discussed in class or heck , were even in the book . 
so apparently , I have to move my tuck , in the blizzard , to a different location , or else they will tow it . Can't drive it to the top of my hill , or else I'll never be able to get down . Thank you Boone . You guys , really do care . 
thank you , random person , for picking me up so I don't have to wait at the bus stop for an extended amount of time . 
You know , technically , I'm not even supposed to be here right now . So fuck it , might as well make the most of it . Feels good . Guess I'm lucky , some of us don't get a second < PROPMALE > . 
it's the fucking Catalena Wine Mixer . 
final grades are in , 5 A's and 1 B+ , I'll take it 
I used to rule the world , seas would rise when I gave the word , now in the morning I sleep alone , sweep the streets I used to roam 
listening to < PROPFEMALE > Spektor , yeah , I said it . 
got some fresh ' ultra-strong ' coffee , and heading out on errands . Fun . Fun . Fun . 
can I go back to NYC now please ? 
I wonder , how am I supposed to feel , when you're not here , because I burned every bridge I ever built when you were here . 
it's a Paramore day , for reals . 
so , just saw Tron , pretty much amazing . 
what the fuck does it matter about the sexuality of people serving in our military , seriously . If you don't like a certain person because of their sexuality , don't talk to them , or hell , I don't know , grow up . 
Just watchin the Steelers roll over the Panthers , ah < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me ! 
spent my christmas < PROPFEMALE > night playing with a Pug and Corgie , sup bitches ? 
bah , snow , okay , whatever . 
\Bitch I'ma pick the world up and drop it on your fuckin ' head \"" 
Protest The Hero , August Burns Red , Underoath , s'all good in the hood 
keep your fingers crossed , chief , and DO A BARREL ROLL 
uh oh , it's facebook official now ya'll . 
Oh hey . Lemme know if my armpits start to stank . 
\The only thing a man has to fear is himself \"" 
kind of feels like straight death today , but hey , took the christmas tree down , so therefore , i won 
ugh , \1-uppers\ " . One of the biggest pet peeves " 
couldn't sleep , so what did I do ? Last minute switch of classes from Metals to Sculpture ? I think so 
turns out i wont have MW classes at all , ah ha ha 
Eating some delicioussss Ecce Panis sourdough bread , dear lord , it's amazing 
trying to use two pillows in a pillowcase as some kind foot-warmer , trying not to use heat , fun 
just got my rental books , a whole two , ah ha ha . 
what did I do in my full day of classes ? Not much , just researched < PROPFEMALE > Superheroes to do an assignment on and watched half an hour of Oprah . 
well cool . No class today . Didn't have class today to begin with , but cool . 
I would rather be beating off an angry bobcat in a telephone booth with barbed wire . 
just dropped journalism , because i dont feel like writing ... hello Painting with < PROPFIRST > ahaha . 
well that is that , and this is this , will you tell me what you saw , and I'll tell you what you missed , with the ocean in the sky 
dirka dirka muhammed allah jihad dirka dirka jihad dirka 
spent way too much time already with synths in soundtrack and garage band , so much fun 
\If you give me some room there will be room enough for two . \"" 
Ravens at Steelers today . 4:30 pm EST . Watch it . 
so , expresso news , officially tops beanstalk in my book . 
got home from work to watch the Steelers sack Flacco , made my day . 
so . about them Steelers . Did anybody else see Timmons leap over an offensive lineman to help sack Flacco ? 
suck on that , Trebeck ; suck it long , suck it hard . 
headache 
yeah , Patriots . You're done . 
Next sunday . Jets @ Steelers . Get em < PROPFIRST > Polamalu . 
my girlfriend , is an angry angry little hobbit 
up and sipping on some real coffee . From the hills of Columbia . 
how do douchebags live with themselves ? Do they just , lie to themselves alot ? Or ...? 
just found drawings and notes from ~ 7 years ago as a freshman , in high school , ah ha ha wow I still hate enviromental earth science . 
just spent an hour or so coding html for a class , does that mean I'm cool now ? 
they tell me don't get high , and I should try and make a livin , I tell em I'm a hustler and I'd rather make a killin ' 
came home from school to clean up from what looked like a 5yr old's mess , oh wait , that's just my pothead 19yr old roommate who hasn't the slightest grasp of responsibility . 
just laid a gesso lift , and was given two sets of ink colors for free , my night just went from mediocre , to amazing 
tomorrow . Jets at Steelers , SO READY 
OH DA BAYBAY . STEELERS AFC CHAMPS ! ON TO THE SUPERBOWL !! 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Wars Episode IV on my HDTV , yeah , I'm a nerd , so what !? 
\That's no < PROPFEMALE > . Thats .... a spacestation . \"" 
hurray , my non-exsistant classes were cancelled ... again ! 
relapse 
thank you , Hulu/The Office , you're awesome 
wow , just listened to a guy at the gallery ramble about everything from snowstorms , hemlock trees , deforestation , interior design , modern architecture , north < PROPFEMALE > history , and antique prototype furnitures for almost 2 hours 
wants a corn-cob pipe . 
gave my hair a much needed cut in the back , yay no more mullet 
got to meet the guy who does the Art-O-Mats around the U.S. , he is a total tool . 
went outside today and didn't have to wear a jacket , WHAT ? 
got my pipe , not going to lie , feel a bit like Gandalf . 
just lost power to the outlets in my room , cool . 
just a really gross day . 
pirate jet 
making a DVD , whats in the main menu , a guy in leotards and ' TNT ' by ACDC ? I think yes . 
my name is < PROPFIRST > Reese , come with me if you want to live . 
motion graphics . go die . 
What did you expect from me ? Without giving away the entire ending , I ruined the evening again . So will you scatter my ashes where they won't be found , I kept my word when I swore that I would let you down . 
motion graphics and then international coffee hour ( free coffee and snacks ) in the psu ? i think so 
should probably go ahead and buy my ' Steelers Superbowl XLV Champs ' shirt . 
black and yellow , black and yellow , black and yellow 
pre-gaming with the Puppy Bowl hah 
Packers fans . You still wear cheese on your head . Need I say more ? 
It's the fucking < PROPFEMALE > Wine Mixer ... 
so ' in theory ' if the Weather Channel is right , I might not have my 8am < PROPMALE > History test tomorrow , ahaha ! 
kids these days are crazy 
damn you Weather.com and your shifty predictions ! Damn you to hell ! 
just found out , Pittsburgh cost of living is slightly cheaper than cost of living for < PROPFEMALE > , awesome 
BAH almost won two free tickets to see Flogging < PROPFEMALE > in < PROPFEMALE > , thats upsetting 
once again , weather.com is predicting snow all the way till 8am . But , I must say , they're probably wrong , and I'm not getting my hopes up 
bahumbug . 
craving some cookie dough . Thanks for the cookie post . 
wow , what is wrong with me ? 
my Black Eyed Peas music on iTunes is skipping , I guess they record like they perform live . 
sweet mother of god . the hordes of people never stop coming . 6pm . get here . now . 
0 motivation to do anything today 
so what did I accomplish today you might ask ? I successfully cooked an egg sunny-side-up without breaking the yolk . 
just got an email about going to Cuba for summer , haha what ? 
< Insert something about the ridiculousness of young love and the overrated ness of relationships . > 
just cooked a delicious alaskan salmon , so good , not a big fish fan , but I think I'm headin that way 
pretty lame < PROPFIRST>'s Day , sat around , ate Peanut Butter , drank Coffee and watched Hulu , cool beans 
\I am faster than 80% of all snakes . \ " - < PROPMALE > K . Schrute " 
cmon Financial Aid , lemme go to Cubaaaa , big monney , big money , no whammies ! 
so with fudging some < PROPFIRST > , photo and printmaking in Cuba is looking all the more promising ! 
has 3 works in < PROPMALE > Expo , go vote ! jreiod ; hrul ! 
Beautiful day in the mountains , and I'm stuck inside , alllll day . Gross . 
awkward event of the day : a woman had her boob out and was breast-feeding her child in the corner of the gallery I just came into , I just ... don't know what to say 
wish I didn't spend my entire weekend feeling super sick , ugh . 
feels a tid-bit better than I did this whole weekend , just in time for classes too , cool beans 
Ocean's Twelve , best movie , ever 
juefmjknjeklm feels sick again . 
The Academy Is , all day , allll day 
I've got that lefty curse , where everything I do is flipped and awkwardly reversed 
well , just paid a 300 dollar security deposit , looks like I'm going to Havana in June , oh yeeeah , happy 21st to me 
Tron Legacy soundtrack , is , amazing , Daft Punk wins 
going to be watching UK Football this weekend , thanks < PROPFIRST > Hecht haha 
one more week till spring break , and I shall sleep , long and hard 
just made an awesomazing poster for Idea Lab , pretty stoked maaaaan , too legit to quit 
beeeaauutiful day in boone , i'm feelin the flippy flops 
gets stressed , then I just remind myself Cuba in T-minus 105 days , woo 
trying to break my old habits of design , wait , there are more colors I can use aside from red , black , and white ? El Lissitzsky would be quite upset ... 
been trying to go to sleep for almost 4 hours , coolio , all-nighter anybody ? 
chigity-chigity-check yo'self before you wriggity-wriggity-wreck yo'self 
just woke up , god I love no class on wednesday 
\Robert better not get in my face ... ' cause I'll drop that motherfucker ... \"" 
Southwest Enchilada Black Bean Dip = The Jesus of all dips 
my god , I love making large scale works 
oh hey , 102 days now 
The Office Marathon is on NBC , I have officially died and gone to heaven 
nothing to do at Work ? Play Pokemon Red on your laptop , I'm thinkin yes , Squirtle is my homie 
spent my drive home listening to < PROPFEMALE > Minaj , what ? I can't help it , she kind of grew on me like a fungus 
¿como < PROPFEMALE > mi pantalones ? 
Blessed are the forgetful : for they get the better even of their blunders . 
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind was depressing , just , just going to watch south park , jeeze 
never take friendship personal 
Go to your profile . The top 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . \ 
Zach Miller , < PROPFEMALE > Grier , < PROPMALE > Stroupe , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , John-Patrick Justice , we run this shit , haha 
\Question . What kind of bear is best ? \ " -- \ 
congressional hearing about terrorism , lead by Republican < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , he is targeting the muslim community , because , we all know , all terrorists , are Muslim . Obviously . 
I am on a drug . Its called < PROPFIRST > Sheen , and its not available because you will die , your face will melt off , and your children will weep over your exploded body . 
definitely just got an internship doing decals for the Mooresville police squad cars and Nascars for the summer ! 
austrian death machine , all night mang 
burning a CD of brootal musics , then boonetown bound 
to-do list kind of day 
no , snow . just no . get off . 
whudsjkl . djwikms ; l . ndms ; k . l headache 
just made a batch of brownies with miscela di vigna red wine , sweet lord they're amazing 
doing an < PROPMALE > Mucha inspired painting , super excited to get the materials and start working on it after classes , for reals 
just woke up from a spontaneous nap ..? I swear I was just going to lay on my bed to watch TV comfortably 
\Please only turn on and off lights with blue stickers . \ " - Jesus " 
really , really bored . I need entertainment 
cheesin it 
I should probably stop eating brownies 
just got back from the north < PROPFEMALE > museum conference , really wasn't as boring as it sounds , pretty amazing , actually , yay scholarships 
< PROPMALE > Nouveau kicks ass . That is all . 
9 Tuesday/Thursdays left , just thought I'd throw that out there 
I . Love . Breffast . 
You're killin ' me smalls 
this summer , is going to kick ass , that is all . 
you know you have no life , when you go to the lab to work on stuff , and it closed at 6 on a friday night 
my achilles heel you say ? bagels . dear god , it's bagels . 
History of GD exam delayed by 4 days , all because my professor forgot to upload powerpoints , nice ! 
really , really , really hating interactive right now . like , I want to just flip my chair , and walk away 
motion city soundtrack binge 
cool , the class I need to graduate , only has two seats left , and I get to wait till 9am tomorrow to register 
cool . I get to graduate a semester late now . Don't mind me I've just worked my ass off every semester to be on-time , and I totally have loads of money to throw away . 
found out how easy it is to code music into html , yeeehaw 
it's snowing outside , like , no aprils fools , for reals 
So , totally taking Chinese in the fall and might try and take a French or Spanish . I , love , languages . 
hand-sewing my own t-shirt , pretty awesome 
taking life way to seriously , you know what , just going to relax , classwork will get done , it's not life or death , CUBA IN 70 DAYS 
I AM THE MASTER ... I found out how to move . mpg's without losing their audio ... pretty big step there , be jealous 
everyone needs to just calm down 
strollin ' around shoeless today , in the wonderful snow/freezing rain muck that is Boone , yeah , you can call me Frodo 
tah dah , survived the day without shoes which included a 1.5 mile walk , going 20-30yds down a gravel road , and walking through puddles in the freezing rain/snow , and it was STILL a good day 
the only good thing about having motion graphics , is you're forced to sit and do homework while your movies render . 
Suck on that , Trebek . 
\Imperfection is beauty ; madness is genius ; and it is better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring . \"" 
all we wanna do , is eat your brains . we're not unreasonable , i mean , no ones gonna eat your eyes 
did some sicknasty < PROPMALE > at the < PROPMALE > roundabout with some pretty awesome people , then went running on greenway , ' twas wonderful 
Dear Black Cat , you and your Lesson of the < PROPFEMALE > , complete me . 
pretty sure I just ran over three < PROPMALE > barefoot according to the signs , despite work , and the general not getting any real school work done , pretty solid saturday i'll say 
not really sure why the people above went from playing death metal , to swing jazz 
has the social skills of a walrus in times square 
just had a head-on collision with the stress freight train . 
making room for a Philosophy minor , heyo 
has the backstreet boys stuck in my head . 
paper that was due in two days is now due in 2 weeks , AHAHAH ! zing ! 
today needs to end , like , now , pl0x 
officially loves hazelnut coffee yum 
tis ' a rare occasion , but I'm sitting here designing , and am actually , destressing .... woah 
\Work on concepts like they are the last ones you’ll ever do . Put everything into them . Then let them go and detach your ego from them . \"" 
What would Bear Grylls do ? 
< PROPFIRST > Trump ' 12 . Hell yeah . 
wellp , was going to skip , but it appears my website is throwing up ..., chunks and everything , gross 
if I were to be a heavy drinker , Interactive Design , you'd be why . 
New episode of The Office tonight , been waiting the whole week , yus 
Dear Green Route , despite all your wonderful smelly homeless people , and full head-to-toe tattooed people sniffed an object through a rag in the morning routes , I'd hate to say it , but you won't really be missed . 
ohhh < PROPMALE > . 
just got a nice new dress shirt and tie , woah 
yes half the roads are rivers now , but I'll take this over snow , annnny time 
roller-coaster week 
the people above me are playing swing jazz again , love it 
painting studio day , heyo 
wants to run far far away from here 
two pages away from all my content being on my dumb music festival ... and I'm losing steam , fast 
found a flash drive , no more huge external hard drive ! 
saw a woodpecker pecking wood today , smallest things make my day 
taking everything with a grain of salt 
uh oh spaghetti o 
\The United States DOES NOT allow the importation of Cuban products\ " ... well there went that .... " 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11xs9mFKObs 
heard someone make the argument that the reason they're Christian , is because , it has the greatest punishment of all the religions , and they'd rather be safe than sorry . For one , that says < PROPMALE > about character . Second , if ' god ' is omnipotent and all-knowing ... he's going to call your bluff . 
that whole ' recipient of the NCMC scholarship ' and gallery ambassador position , and official member of the NCMC is totally helping more than I thought , right , now 
0 motivation to get anything done today 
my hazelnut coffee has a hint of chocolate milk in it . nothing better . 
had a craving for doughnuts tonight , but apparently Lowes Foods doesnt want to have doughnuts out from their bakery at 11:30 pm . Shucks . 
“God has no religion . ” - Mahatma Ghandi 
everything is in slow-mo 
finished my paper ! success ! 
I shlappa da bass 
had a dream , that I had to build a spaceship for web design class . Yep . 
sewing and listening to Death Cab/Postal Service , pretty much the bomb-diggity 
nope . 
im-a-gin-aaaaaaa-tion 
honestly , I'm way more upset I missed the new episode of the office than the nfl draft 
super amazing day outside 
so bored that I made a little mini sculpture out of sticks in my backyard . yeah . 
Heaven's not a place that you go when you die , its that moment in life when you actually feel alive 
really skeptic about the death of Osama Bin Laden . Show me dental records and then I'll believe it . Not some reporting from \a source current in the developments \"." 
96 on my History of Graphic Design final , I'll take it . 
80s party up in the computer lab ! 
3am , and I finally reworked my Architect website , it looks hot . 
frankly , I tried my best , we'll see how it goes , now , it's time to lay in bed , eat SUPERPRETZELS and watch movies/sleep . Hurray end of the school year ! 
