We miss you too ! It's been waaaay too long ! 

Just got Ally signed up for preschool- MY BABY IS GOING TO PRESCHOOL !! :( 
I can't decide what to do today and tomorrow ... go to the zoo , go swimming , or stay home and do laundry . Hmm 
I'm excited about visiting my family for the next few days ! 
I am missing Grandma . I can't believe she's gone , but I am glad she's in a better place . 
I hate the freaking time changes !! It screws with everyone's schedule too much ! 
< PROPFIRST > is < PROPFEMALE > cute ! I can barely stand it ! I put him on Ally's baby hobby horse last night and he has been rocking himself back and forth ever since ! 
:( My baby is 6 months old already ! Why do they grow up so fast ?? 
I , too , would like to say \Thank you\ " to all who have served and are currently serving ! " 
Is avoiding the dishes ... Man , I HATE doing dishes . 
Love my new contacts ! Yea ! No more uncomfortable glasses ! 
Is enjoying the silence while it lasts ... < PROPFIRST>'s asleep and Ally is at preschool . 
can't wait until next Wednesday ! I am actually going to get my hair cut ... AND colored ! < squeal > 
is slightly concerned . Here I am , another year older , and I woke up this morning with an arthritic pain in my knee . HELP !! ; ) 
Want's to thank everyone for their birthday wishes ! 
had a great weekend , but now I'm exhausted . Hmm ... don't you hate it when you know a word is spelled correctly , but it suddenly looks completely foreign when you type it out ? 
Te-he ! It's the < PROPFEMALE > of Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! Taking the kids to the Festival of lights tonight , then wrapping presents after bedtime !! :) I can't wait !!!! 
Happy New Year , Everyone !! Let's hope 2011 is fricken ' AWESOME !!! ;) 
Is filling out birthday invites for Ally . I'm trying to write pretty , but it's killing my hand ! 
is slowly becoming a fan of MTV . Has anyone watched \Teen Mom\ " ? Wow . I think it's a great thing to have on a < PROPFEMALE > watched by a lot of kids/teens ! " 
Just bought a wrap for < PROPFIRST>'s junk . Try peeing on my furniture now , f*$ #er ! Muhahaha ! 
can't believe my little girl is going to be 4 years old tomorrow !! Where does the time go ? 
is nervous about Friday . I'm finally , FINALLY getting my wisdom teeth removed . 
Well , I am feeling much better than I anticipated ! Of course , that could have a lot to do with the vicodin ! Everything went smoothly and I am looking forward to < PROPMALE>'s fried chicken and corn on the cob ( in a few days ! ) 
wishes the pain would stop !!! 
Wants to know why having a family means losing your friends . 
Why is there always a puddle of crumbs in the bottom of the silverware drawer ?? Is it just me ? 
Ally's first snow day ! Yea ! I don't have to drive her to school ! 
Ever have one of those moments where it suddenly hits you ... Despite all the bad crap that's happened in the past , dang I'm lucky(and happy ) now ! 
< PROPFIRST > took his first unassisted steps last night !! Oh , my baby is growing up too fast ... 
Is beyond tired of toys being EVERYWHERE !! 
The March of Dimes just sent me a bunch of personalized return address labels and a dime ... a DIME ! WHY would they send people money ??? How many thousands of these letters have they sent out to people who have never donated any money and don't intend to either ??? What a waste 
Today is the International Day for the Fight Against Cancer ... In memory of those who lost the battle against cancer , and those who continue fighting . I pray for a cure . 92% of you won't copy & paste , will you ? I DID . Proud to be part of the 8% 
I should really go to sleep ,... but I'm REALLY enjoying my time alone ! 
I'm staring at an ad to turn your picture into an Avatar character , and I've decided that it looks like they've morphed Smurfs and the people from Cats together . Slightly reminiscent of the blue chick from Xmen . Ah , crap . What was her name ? 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 
Hello , everyone . My name is < PROPFEMALE > and I am an addict ... to food and shopping ! 
Warm weather makes me feel lazy . 
Had a nice Easter , but wishes all the < PROPFEMALE > would disappear ! 
wants to move . 
realizes that she is spoiled , has always been spoiled , and hopes to continue to be in the future ! 
Someone should invent a self-cleaning house ! 
BORED , BORED , BORED ... 
Got the Easter eggs filled for tomorrow ... hope the kids like < PROPFEMALE > 
Ha-Ha ! < PROPFEMALE > wins at Bingo , AGAIN !! Yea , me ! :) 
It's amazing : a house full of food , but nothing to eat 
Another fabulous cut & color from my AMAZING stylist , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , at 6002 The Salon ! THANK YOU ! 
OF COURSE !!! The first time I put a body suit on < PROPFIRST > in months , and he has a nasty poopy in it . You know , the kind that comes out the top and ALL over his back ! 
Is famously irritated . I pitty the person that sends me over the edge . 
Ugh ... Just one more reason why I need to stop drinking Mt Dew . 
I just enjoyed some crab ragoon and Mt . Dew in the 3 o'clock hour . Sigh , brings back some fond memories , huh , < PROPFIRST > ? 
is attempting to sort thru all of Ally's old clothes . I'm getting ready to try and sell them in yard sale . They are in really great shape ! Sizes NB thru some 4T ( LOTS of 18mo-3T ) . The majority of everything is from The Children's Place . Anyone interested ??? 
Oh , good grief !! Just when I thought I was done sorting Ally's old clothes , I find three more diaper boxes and a wipes box full of more !! 
Can't WAIT until next weekend !! I'm SOOO excited to see 2 out of my 3 BEST girls !!! Yea for Girl's Weekends !!! 
wishes it would warm up and stop raining so much ! 
is greatly amused by the irony of the movie Fahrenheit 451 . 
I just saw a Chevy Traverse with FWCS on the side of it . Those cars are $ 30,000 + dollars . Isn't that someone's salary ??? 
has anyone here tried to sell clothes to Once Upon a Child ? What do they usually offer ? 
Mmmm , mmmm , mmmmm .... < PROPFEMALE > , your hot wings are waaaay better than ANY restaurant's! 
So , I was rummaging around in the storage area of our basement , looking for stuff to put in a yard sale , when I came across a half-mummified mouse skull !!! EWWWWW !!! It's good to know my cats ( well , cat ) are good for something ! 
wishes < PROPFIRST > would stop taking things out of the trash can ! 
I had wonderful weekend with my friends ! So great to see you both ! < PROPMALE > bought the tile to redo the kitchen floor < YEA !! > and we just had a fun morning at the zoo with Ally's preschool . PHEWW ! I'm ready for a nap ... 
Rub-a-dub-dub , scrub , scrub the tub ! 
Time to pry up more tile ! 
I can't believe my baby's first birthday is on Monday !!! :( So bittersweet . 
WHY , why , why do I keep torturing myself by insisting on watching The Notebook ?!?!?!? 
Happy 1st Birthday to my sweet little boy ! You are the sunshine of my life and I love you more than words can say ! 
Is resisting the urge to rant ... hopefully no veins will explode . 
I am going to go downstairs and exercise ... just as soon as I finish eating this chocolate truffle from DeBrand ! 
We're going to work on the kitchen floor this weekend . I hope we get it done !! I can't wait to see the finished product !! 
We got all of the full tiles down yesterday ! Tonight I will watch < PROPMALE > cut all of the partial ones ( we don't trust me with sharp objects ) . Looks great so far ! 
Oooooh , I CAN'T wait to go on vacation ! 4 more days !! 
I am always amazed at the number of lost shoes I see along roads , highways , and occasionally , power lines . 
Whoo-hoo !!! The tile is all down ! Now , we just need to grout and then we're off to Branson !! 
just got home last night ... such a long drive with the two kiddies , but they were troopers ( it took us 11 hours to get home ) . All in all , we had a great time . It was a much needed break from the daily grind ! 
Let's go Purple People Eaters , Let's go !! ( clap , clap ) 
wants to know how often you talk about yourself in the 3rd person ? 
I miss my long hair ... : ( 
Just got back from watching Sex and the City 2 ... AHHHH !! Fabulous ! Amazing ! I could NOT stop laughing !! And I will happily go watch it again !! Don't miss it !! 
is , once again , excited about our future !! :) 
Ugh , who wants to come change < PROPFIRST>'s poopy diaper ? 
and < PROPMALE > are now the owners of a small pop-up camper . Whoo-hoo ! Now we have an in-law suite ! ;) 
has decided that if I ever decided to homeschool , all Ally would learn would be curse words and I would be bald . 
loves the term/phrase \ the human condition\ " . It's like we're a disease ... " 
Hmmm ... can you poach an egg in the microwave ? Stay tuned ... 
had such a nice day yesterday ! The kids and I drove up to Warsaw to meet < PROPMALE > for lunch . He took us to a nice restaurant right next to Lake < PROPFEMALE > called Cerulean . We had sushi , and oooooh , it was < PROPFEMALE > good ! I can't wait to do it again ! 
Happy Independence Day ! Have fun and be safe ! 
Hello all of my facebook lady friends ! Is anybody interested in playing outdoor soccer ?? It's a lot of fun and great exercise ! No previous experience needed ! Inquire within ... :) 
is not looking forward to getting my dental caries filled today :( 
suddenly wishes she weren't so honest . 
Headache , headache go away ! Come again another ... well , NEVER !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > much to do today . I need to pack for our camping trip , do some last minute laundry , go buy some last minute items as well as buy groceries , and take < PROPFIRST > to < PROPFIRST > Toenges ( SP ? ) for some new sandals as he has outgrown his old ones ! Oh , and did I mention clean up a little ? Ugh . 
Pheww ... Finally got in last night . 11 hour car rides suck . Feels great to be home ! 
is exhausted after a long and grueling week . Can I please relax now ? 
Help ! I'm on an emotional eating binge ! Somebody stop me !!! 
< PROPFIRST > just rolled off the ottoman and hurt himself . After we cuddled for a minute , he lifted his head off of my shoulder and gave me a kiss ! Oh , I hope he stays this sweet forever !! 
My mind is blown : Did you know they found a dwarf planet , called Ceres , in our asteroid belt ?!?!?! Apparently it's only 600 < PROPMALE > wide . 
It's a beautiful Saturday ! And I'm stuck at home , cleaning and watching the kids , while < PROPMALE > plays hockey ALL weekend long . Does this seem fair to you ? 
I've actually been productive today ! I've washed , dried , AND put away several loads of laundry ;) But , alas , the dished remain untouched . 
If my headache will dissipate and I don't vomit , it will be a good day . 
is very excited for her date with her hubby tonight ! Dinner for Schmucks followed by dinner for ... us ;) 
Oh , please ... PLEASE ... let my leg be healed up before Tuesday !! :/ 
Any suggestions on how to get a certain nearly 15month old boy to stop hitting ? Ally hit me once , and I grabbed her hand and told her \NO ! \ " . She never did it again . Not so with < PROPFIRST > ( He likes hitting Ally) ! " 
Had a great day yesterday at the zoo , followed by a picnic at the park . < PROPFIRST > especially enjoyed himself ! He was very excited about the animals and threw a HUGE fit when we had to eat before he could play on the playground . 
is feeling sad today :( 
Needs a \pick-me-up\ " . Can't wait for my game tonight ! I hope it's not too miserable outside :( " 
OMG .... It's SOOOOO hot outside ... I hope I don't pass out on the field ! 
is very proud of herself for ordering cottage cheese and water last night at Atz's . It's really starting to pay off ! :) 
Hmmm ... I should probably get dinner ready :P 
Ah , finally home ... and I will soon be enjoying a glass of Blackberry wine , courtesy of Satek . Mmmmmm .... 
Ugh . 
can't decide whether to skip < PROPFIRST>'s nap and go to the zoo , or stay home and clean ... 
Oh , Starbucks iced white mocha , how I love thee ... So cool , so creamy , so sweet ... Ahhh ... sooo good ! 
At last , we meet for the first time , for the last time ... 
Am I the only one who's annoyed that they are re-releasing Avatar to theaters ? Really , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ? You didn't make enough money the first time around ?! 
I had such a nice time last night at < PROPFEMALE>'s shower ! I can't wait to see her again and meet < PROPFIRST > on Saturday !! < please no rain , please no rain ! > 
If one were to ask the house if I accomplished anything today , it would say , \Most assuredly NOT ! \"" 
I want to play soccer :( 
Whoo-hoo !!! I just sold 19 clothing items to Once Upon a Child for $26.65 !! Now , if I can just sell the rest of Ally's clothes ... 
Great . Now I can add \poop\ " to the list of stains on our couch . Fabulous . " 
OK !! I am FINALLY going to have a yard sale TOMORROW !! I've only been planning to have one since April ! I have a lot of girls clothes NB-4Tin very good condition- most of them came from The Children's Place and Old Navy , shoes , some maternity clothes , and various other things . Come take a look ! 812 Kinnaird Ave . Ft . < PROPMALE > 46807 
Pheww ! What a busy weekend ( this the first I've been online since Friday) ! We're very happy with how the yard sale turned out- got rid of a lot of stuff . Now it's time to go celebrate Labor Day with my favorite people ! 
We pulled up the carpet in the dinning room and were excited to find that the hardwood floor underneath looks fantastic ! Yea !!! 
I am very upset by the amount of ignorance and bigotry running rampant in this country . To the media : Thanks for giving redneck morons a voice , and therefore power . 
Is excited for soccer tonight !! It's been WAAAY too long ! 
Oh , what a day ! I was laying in bed this morning and heard a crash . I look over and see that < PROPFEMALE > had just caught a MOUSE in my CLOSET !! AHHGK !! Long story short , there was some catch & release involved but ultimately the mouse met his maker . I LOVE my cat- I knew there was a reason I kept him around ! 
To my neighbors : 8:30 am is much too early to be using power tools . P.S. You suck :P 
I can't stop watching hoarding shows ! 1 . I love watching other people's craziness ( it distracts me from my own ) 2 . It's fantastic motivation to clean up ! 
Ugh , what a rotten past few days . Ally brought home a bug from preschool and we all caught it . The dishwasher started smoking the other day and then the Malibu's fuel pump broke . Plus , I missed the < PROPFIRST > Appleseed Festival because I feel awful ! >:( 
is sitting here enjoying brown sugar & Dijon Brie and thinking how lucky she is to have so many wonderful people in my life 
Also , what is going on with Target ? Apparently lots of people are boycotting it- does anyone here know why ? Just curious ... 
Is amused that when Brits , Aussies , and the < PROPFEMALE > sing they sound completely American . 
It's time for soccer ! Yea !! But I'm still sore from last week . Boo ! :( 
Not that I mind cooler weather , but it sure would be nice if there was more of a transition . I hate that it goes from 91 to 60 in a day or two !! 
Oh , tomorrow promises to be a busy one ! The kiddos and I are meeting < PROPMALE > for lunch at Ceruleans to celebrate his birthday ( yea ! ) . Then we are going to meet < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > for an afternoon at the zoo ! 
is enjoying time alone with my ADORABLE little boy :) 
\Come on Boys ! I'm fixin ' to R-U-N-N-O-F-T ! \ " hehe " 
Here I am , nearly 28 years old , and I still cry EVERY time I watch Land Before Time ! 
Okay , so ... I'm confused by the new Sonic commercials saying that they are now using \real ice cream\ " . What exactly were they using before ?!?!? " 
WE WON , WE WON !!!! THE PURPLE PEOPLE EATERS WON !!!! WHOOOOOO-HOOOOO !!!! \ 
We have a WONDERFUL group of women on our team and I have had SO much fun playing with you all ! 
Had a nice weekend with family , but now we're exhausted . And the kids don't feel good to boot ! :P My poor babies 
is really upset that her favorite radio station , < PROPFIRST > FM , has turned into a conservative chat station ! BOOO ! :P 
YEA !!! < PROPFEMALE > didn't get eliminated !!! :D 
Ally's preschool carnival is tonight- games for little kids ( with prizes ) , silent auction , and FOOD ! 5-8pm Waynedale United Methodist Church , just off of Bluffton Rd next to the Speedway . 
Can't wait for Longaberger < PROPFEMALE > Bingo tomorrow at the < PROPMALE > YMCA !! < I hope I win ... again ! > 
Okay , so I can't stop myself from watching Sister Wives . I'm fascinated , but not necessarily in a good way . My biggest question is this : if everyone is so happy and okay with the arrangement , then why is everyone ALWAYS crying ?!?! 
Yesterday another piece of my heart died . Rest in peace my wonderful < PROPFEMALE > . You were so much more than \just a cat\ " . I will love you and miss you always . " 
To all of < PROPFEMALE>'s helpers out there : check out Mattel.com! They have sales all the time ( right now they have up to 60%off Barbies PLUS free shipping ! ) . Their normal prices usually beat any retail store , and the < PROPFEMALE > on top : NO SALES TAX !! BTW , they have a lot more than Barbies ! 
What's on my mind ? Salmon and avocado sushi !!! Mmmmmm ..... 
has noticed a drastic surge in the number of old ladies ( and old men ) behind the wheel > : @ 
Babies , babies , babies ! I did a mental tally yesterday ... I have 7 facebook friends/family who are expecting ( and I suspect there might be a couple more ) and I have another 4 who have had one this year !! I'm just sayin ' ... :) 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without the proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them !!! Yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first ! 1% ...... will .. re-post ... ... and the ... 99% of people on Facebook won't have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm the 1% , what about you ? 
Somewhere a nurse is getting yelled at for being late with pain meds , while holding her bladder because she doesn't have time to pee ... starving because she missed her lunch & break , being pooped/peed on , and is missing her family while taking care of yours . In the minute you took to read this , nurses all over ... the world are ... saving lives .... Re-post this if you love a nurse , are a nurse or appreciate one 
I am SO over 2010 ... Just ... give me Christmas and PLEASE let it be over !!! 
Time to take my frustrations out on the field . Hopefully , I won't punch someone again this week ! 
wishes she was a multi-millionaire . 
Happy Thanksgiving !!! :) 
is SOOO freaking excited about our 5 day cruise in January !!!!!!!!! 
Oh , my goodness !! Thank you so , SO much for all of the birthday wishes !!!!!! It was the best birthday I've had in years !! 
is no longer a prisoner of the USA ... the world is my oyster ! :) 
is feeling a little defeated today . I just can't seem to get the stars to align . 
I hereby revoke any and all remarks in reference to < PROPFIRST > being < PROPMALE > Gump-like . The little bugger left me a furry surprise on my bathroom floor ! EWWWW 
I can't wait for < PROPFEMALE>'s preschool Christmas program tomorrow night at 7 ! It's going to be SO FREAKIN ' ADORABLE !!! Did I also mention that she will be < PROPFIRST > ? :) 
< squeels > We cruise in 27 days !!!! 
I'm done with the holiday drama . Thanks for tainting my Christmas . It was most appreciated >:( 
We are all grown-ups now . It’s time to start taking responsibility for your actions , and the consequences of your actions . Own up to the bad decisions you’ve made . Quit blaming everyone else and making up excuses . If you want to be happy , then take the necessary steps to do so . You control your own < PROPFEMALE > . 
I want to wish all of my facebook friends a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas from the bottom of my heart !!! 
We set sail one week from today !!!! < squeal > 
We're finally home , safe and sound :) 
Well , this SUCKS ! Both kids are sick . What a way to celebrate < PROPFEMALE>'s 5th Birthday :( 
I could REALLY go for an ice cream sundae ! 
is trying to get psyched for my game this afternoon . I haven't played in over a month and I have a cold . It's definitely going to kick my butt . 
Ugh . Let's just get this day over with . 
wishes it was spring . 
How sad is it that my idea of romance has been reduced to ' Aw , you showered and brushed your teeth ... recently . ' 
We sent in our tax forms and already received our refund ( YEA ! ) . We sent in Ally's Kindergarten transfer forms yesterday ( keep your fingers crossed ! ) . We have an appointment to get new tires on the Rendezvous this Saturday . With school closed today , there will be more time for laundry and dishes . Isn't being a grown-up fun ? 
Oh , my goodness people ... Terminator 2 was made 20 YEARS AGO !!! I feel old ... 
Seriously ... how can you not feel pumped after listening to Tonight's Gonna Be A Good Night by the Black Eyed Peas ?! 
is looking forward to her date tonight ! 
Dishwashers are great and all , but they really need to come with automatic loaders and unloaders ! 
Watch out , people ! Apparently it's Stupid Driver Day . In other news , our thermometer is reading 60 degrees !! 
I need some time out and about with my ladies !! 
I am sorry so many of my friends are having a difficult time right now . Remember ... the storm shall pass and the sun will shine once again . Just give it time . 
Oh , my little boy is getting so big ! He finally stopped using bottles last month . A couple of weeks ago , he decided he was too big for his high chair and Monday I converted his crib into a toddler bed . Where does the time go ? :( 
is enjoying a glass of wine and feeling grateful . 
just got done playing in the snow with my kiddos :) 
I know this sounds strange , and is an extreme case of wishful thinking , but ... is anybody out there an expert on Norfin Troll dolls ? Or has a collector's guide book of some kind ? 
Does anybody out there collect Cherished Teddies ? I have several plus a few < PROPMALE>'s Bears figurines that I'd like to sell ! 
Oh , what a busy weekend !! Had a GREAT time though :) 
Oh , man am I in trouble ... I just discovered Nutella . Mmmmmmm !! 
Oh , what a morning ! I sure hope the rest of the day goes better :( 
is feeling a bit emotional . I think the only cure is a glass of wine , lots of chocolate , and a really sappy girly movie ! 
What a GORGEOUS day !! And to think , just a couple of weeks ago we had snow on the ground ! Yea for Spring :) 
When you tell a lie , who are you really lying to ? Food for thought . 
I just realized I have a great weekend ahead of me : < PROPFEMALE>'s baby shower and Bingo ! :) 
is feeling angry . And annoyed . And frustrated . But mostly angry :) 
just finished watching The < PROPFEMALE > Letter . I can't believe I forgot how sexy < PROPFIRST > Oldman is in that film ! Grrrrr ;) 
