Chilling on vacation , kinda looking forward coming going home 

I hate not being able to sleep :( I'll be a zombie tomorrow . Anyone have any good suggestions for curing sleeplessness ? 
Getting ready for a long drive home tomorrow :( 
Glad to finally be home and out of that damn car ! 
Dying from the heat . I don't even want to move . blah ......... 
I really , really hate computers !! :-( 
whether or not you were a fan of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > or not , his contribution to not only the music buisness but the entertainment industry as a whole can not be denied . Whatever his personal flaws , his music was the voice of a generation and for that alone 
Is sitting watching a show on Spike TV called 1000 ways to die . I can't seem to stop watching ... I think its rotted my brain 
got to watch some really cool fireworks from the comfort of my bedroom window which was lovely since work has been trying to kill me the last few days 
was looking through old pictures tonight , maybe i'll upload them when I get a day off next week . 
ok if you want to get my attention while I'm at work , take my advice and do not whistle , snap your fingers , or call out across the store \hey you I need help ! \ " This will only piss me off and cause me to pretend that I have gone deaf . Seriously why do pe " 
ok so what the hell am doing up at 1:43 am when I have to go to work tomorrow ? It's because I am addicted to Google Earth . Anyone who knows me , knows that I would give anything to go back to the places I used to live ( mainly England and Germany ) but seeing as how I'm not < PROPMALE > enough to buy plane tickets , this program is the next best thing ! 
Is soooo tired . I really hope I'm not getting sick . Being dead tired is usually the first sign of sickness for me :( 
is listening to the storm going on outside . I never understood people who say that the sould of rain relaxes them and puts them to sleep . If anything it wakes me up and I can't go back to sleep till it stops . Thankfully this is Florida so I just have to wait 5 minutes and the rain will pass . 
can't sleep so I've decided 2 share what's on my mind . Today my family got word that my cousin < PROPMALE > was involved in a bombing in Afganistan . He's ok but 2 other soldiers w/him weren't as lucky . Usually I wouldn't use FB as a forum to voice political views but when will enough be enough ? How many ppl have to die before we bring our troops home . We've done what we can overthere . let soldiers come home 2 their famillies 
I wanted to give an update on < PROPMALE > . < PROPFIRST > heard from him this morning . He is already back on light duty even though he has a killer headache and ringing in his ears . Can you believe that ? Doesn't look like he will get to come home any time soon even though he is still an emotional mess . Keep him in your thoughts . 
I just can't seem to find the motivation to start getting ready for work . All I really want to do today is take a nap , read , and < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Instead , I get to put up with customers . Here's hoping I don't kill anyone . 
Well I must say that I arrived home in a much better mood than I went in to work with . I spent some time with my fave animal at work ( a jenday conure named Connor ) He always makes me smile . 
is wondering why I have yet to recieve my two year raise when my two year anniversiary was June the 27th . Someone in management is going to hear about this tomorrow . 
has been listening to way too much Nine Ince Nails over the past few weeks . No wonder I've been in a pissy , leave me alone mood . Oh well , i'll try to be better tomorrow 
had forgotten how much I enjoy the movie Practical Magic . 
ok so i made an unfortunate discover when cleaning out my purse this morning , my cell phone has run away ( though I'm pretty sure I left it in the managers office at work - I hope ! ) So if anyone is trying to reach me on the cell , please excuse the fact that I have not replied to ur texts or calls . Besides most of u know that I can go for days w/o turning on my phone anyway . 
what the hell was I thinking when I agreed to work on the one Friday I had off in months and months . God I am stupid at times . 
I have a new addiction , this is bad , very very bad 
not looking foward to work tomorrow . I really dislike long shifts and extended exposure to less than intelligent customers . If only I could tell them what I was really thinking while they insist on bitching about things I have no control over . 
YES !! it is supposed to be in the 60's tonight and only 84 degrees tomorrow . Could it be that fall has finally come to Flordia ? 
is just totally discouraged 
went to bed at 11:30 last night with a migrain , woke up at 3:30 this morning , headache gone but I haven't been able to sleep since . Oh yeah , this is going to be a WONDERFUL day . 
is LOVING the weather . Its hard to believe that just a few days ago we were in a record breaking heat wave . please , please , please let it last 
is wishing the cool weather would come back . If ever there was proof of global warming , its here in Florida . Only a week away from November and its still nearly 90 degrees outside . 
\I went to sleep in my shithole apartment and woke up in an actual shithole . \ " great line from a great film . can you name the movie ? " 
I love all the horror movies they show on tv during Halloween . Too bad they usually edit them within an inch of their life . 
I'm all for freedom of speech . I know that not every American is an Obama fan and I totally believe that people should speak their minds about the government , its a sign of a healthy society . But some of the things I have seen/heard about Obama have been down right mean and rude . He may not be a great president but unless your God , you probably shouldn't be passing judgement on him as a person . 
being from a military family , my thoughts and prayers go out to those effected by the shootings at Fort Hood . 
I must admit that once again I'm feeling a little discouraged . Things don't seem to want to work out for me but I refuse to give in . 
ok I just made the BEST chicken ceaser salad . Very nice after coming home from work . 
is so glad to be home from work finally , really do hate the late nights 
is getting frustrated with the webstore . don't know how long I will be able to keep it up with the lack of income for it . 
In case , I have never said it : I am thankful for my family and friends who put up with my insanity . 
watched the movie Love Actually last night . Watch it this time every year and it still makes me laugh my ass off . Got to love the British . 
Listening to the Madgrial from 2000 . Really makes me miss performing so much . 
Well the truth of the state of the economy has finally hit me where it hurts - my tattoos . I will have to delay my next one till after the new year . 
Does anyone from the DBCC choir have a recording of the Madgrail dinner from 2002 ? Was there a recording of 2002 ? 
Oh the joys of coming home , getting comfy , and playing Silent Hill 2 in the dark . Life is good . ( at the moment anyway , lol ) 
so no dill pickles tonight before bed cause last night they gave me some odd dreams that I would rather not dwell on . 
loving to weather , actually wish it was colder :) Took my mom out for a ride tonight so she could look at houses done up for Christmas . There is just something about the glow of Christmas lights that gives me that warm comforted feeling . Our tree will most likely go up on Friday , will post pics if I remember to . 
I took my mother to see the Nutcracker today at the < PROPMALE > Carr performing arts center . It was great and she totally loved it . She wants to go see it again next year . 
Yay !! I am finally done Christmas shopping . Now I just have to wrap all the presents tonight cause I don't know if I'll < PROPFEMALE > n be able to breathe the next three days . Am a little bummed that I have to work till close Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and that I won't be able to go caroling with my friends but I am greatful for the hours . Happy Holidays Everyone ! 
really who would have thought there would be so many last minute shoppers at a pet store ? and who knew fish were such a popular gift . Tomorrow promises to be just as busy but it makes the shift go by faster . 
Alright I did my good deed for the day . I went into work on my day off to cover for a coworker who is pregnant and gets the worse morning sickness , or \all-day sickness\ " as she calls it . Does anyone have any good tips that I can pass along to her ? " 
Happy New Year everyone ! May you have a Blessed 2010 . ( 2010 already ? God I feel old ) 
Hope everyone is out having fun tonight . I am going to bed early since I have to get up early and I don't function very well on less then 9 hrs sleep . So guten nacht 2010 and guten morgen 2011 . 
I earned the < PROPFEMALE > level of the the Weekend Warrior badge from Audible.com on my iPhone . What level are you ? http://audible.com/wireless 
going to the dentist today , I HATE the dentist . They're all sadistic bastards !! 
black 
I really can't understand how I can go into work with not a single < PROPFIRST > on me , I come home 6-8 hours later to discover that my arms and legs look like I've been beaten with a stick . I don't remember running into every pointed edge in the store . 
has become obsessed with looking up real estate for sale in England and Germany . Sadly the closest I think I'm going to get to either of these countries is the east coast of the united states . Truthfully , I just want to get out of Florida . 
has a serious case of wonderlust 
The \Poe Toaster\ " failed to show at < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Poe's grave in Baltimore last night . This is the first time in 60 years that the tradition of leaving three roses and half a bottle of Cognac on the < PROPFEMALE > of Poe's birthday has been broken . This is a sad day for crazy Poe fanatics such as myself . " 
is rather excited to see Phantom of the Opera tomorrow . 
Saw Phantom of the Opera today at the < PROPMALE > Carr . Great performance . Left me with a familiar longing though ... 
Put this on your status and see how your friends respond : If you know me well , you know that I am ____________ , I love ___________ , and I can't stand ____________ . ( really interested in what responses this may get ) 
is cold and just wants to go back to bed but can't :-( 
had a vivid , weird dream last night ... and you were there , and you were there , and you were there ( well if your name is < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Nicodemus ) 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the FIRST entry for your name under comment . 
is thinking that I need a different job , one where I don't have to talk to people . 
was totally rocking the shampoo bottle as a microphone in the shower earlier !!! Its the only time I can really belt it out without the neighbors pitching a fit . 
ok , I love getting new tattoos but I hate the itching of a healing tattoo . 
finally , a whole day off from work ... uhm , what to do ... 
Went to the doctor yesterday and its offical , the pain in my jaw is TMJ . The doc said it is something easily fixed . However , what he didn't mention is that it will cost more to fixed it than I paid for my first car . Maybe I should just live on painkillers for the rest of my life ... It would be cheaper . 
a friend at work asked me an extremely important question day . She asked , which are you , team < PROPFIRST > or team < PROPMALE > ? My reply , neither-I'm team < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . She stared at me like I had three heads . funniest thing I've seen in days 
yet another trip to the dentist again today ... the dreaded words \root canal\ " were mentioned :-( but if it makes the pain stop then I shall just have to endure it " 
is madly in love with Audible.com . So now I can listen to audiobooks while my hands are busy doing cross stitch . 
just got home from seeing Celtic Woman in concert at Amway . It was a beautiful performance . 
is getting a little sick of the so called managers at work ... oh well 
I want to thank everyone for their birthday wishes . Looking forward to a nice , relaxing , work free day . ;-) 
really wishes deltona had a community choir . I miss performing ... 
Well , I'm about to finally pay off my last student < PROPFEMALE > . So I think I am going to re-enroll at UCF , take one or two classes per semester until the get my BA , shouldn't take too long . Plus I might get to join the UCF choir , fingers crossed . 
I can't believe that my 10 year class reunion is this year . Now I'm really depressed ... \ 
Where did all that time go ?? 
there are some days when I really dislike modern techinology , my computer is doing weird/crazy things * sigh * 
So for anyone who was keeping up with my experiment in having an internet business , I wanted to let you know that it will no longer be updated , as it has not lived up to my hopes . But as it costs nothing to leave it up as is , it will remain online . Perhaps , when the economy recovers more fully , I can reinstate it . Thanks for the support . 
wonders if she is invisible 
Please put this on your status if you know , or are related to , someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status ? 
just got home from a long day of shopping with my mother . Got some new clothes for vacation . now I am tired and thinking about going to bed early since I have the opening cashier shift tomorrow . 
nice little storm we had here in Deltona , took down a large branch off the tree in the backyard . will post pics later . 
so i got my readmission acceptance letter from UCF today . I also ran a degree audit and found out that I may be alot closer to getting my BA then I thought . Only 2 more history classes and I'm done . That was a nice surprise . 
vacation is coming to an end :-( glad I took a few extra days off from work so I can recover , lol 
Well , long drive home tomorrow , not looking forward to driving back into the heat of florida . Gonna miss the mountains . 
home sweet home ... I hate Florida 
finally got around to watching last nights True Blood ... WTF ... 
Watching fireworks from my bedroom window . I could sit here and watch them for hours . Love them 
Well the good day I was having has been ruined by an emergancy trip to the vet for my male cat . Not looking good at the moment 
So the vet finally called this morning to let us know about my male cat that we rushed over there at midnight because he was dragging his back legs . He had a blood clot that caused both of his back legs to go out and his heart is in bad shape . Vet worked on him all night and got one of his legs working again . Still have to wait and see about the other one . 
Nothing will make you feel as insignificant as a social networking site 
RIP Peaches 
Damn you 4 o ' clock in the morning I hate you insomnia is bad tonight 
Is oddly fascinated by a show on TLC called I didn't know I was pregnant . I'm baffled by the number of women who seem to not realize that they are pregnant . A good example of how out of tune with our bodies we are 
This insomnia is a bitch . Nothing is helping . Just can't seem to shut my head off . 
Just found out that my step grandfather past away today . I've had all the death I can handle for a week so hopefully no more death 
So I call my job to find out my schedule for the up coming week only to find out that my boss , < PROPFEMALE > , has forgotten I exist and has therefore left me off the schedule all week . If I didn't need the money I would enjoy the extra vacation but I do . Yet another example of the ineptitude of petco management . 
got back from the funeral in Tampa . really tired and looking forward to my nice comfy bed 
So ... umm ... yeah thanks for the support Universe . You suck . 
Seeking business advice . If you are willing to let me pick your brain message me 
: - < 
Wouldn't mind if tropical storm < PROPFEMALE > could make it rain for the next two days . 
so just dyed a chunck of my hair an awesome teal color . Thanks a bunch to < PROPFEMALE > ( a fellow Petco employee ) for turning me on to this color . 
Why am I still awake at four in the morning . Just shoot me maybe then I can get some rest 
I will sleep tonight , I will sleep tonight , I will sleep tonight ... 
So my Etsy store has a lot of items in it , which is good . Just wish I could get some of it to sell so it's not taking up room in my house . Makes me feel like I'm turning into a hoarder lol 
Finally deltona has a great thunderstorm ! I don't even mind that it knocked out my Internet connection for awhile . 
Not to bug anyone but for those of you who have looked at my items for sale on Etsy , which would you like to see more of the fine jewelry(the necklaces & earrings ) or do you prefer the beaded bracelets ? Is there anything else you would rather see ? Thanks for the feedback ;-)) 
I don't know why but tomorrow feels like a Saturday not a Friday and I'm not thrilled that I have to spend a large part of tomorrow evening with my least favorite manager . Oh well I have to make as much money as I can before I go back to school in a few weeks . 
I know I shouldn't eat this late at night but I just got home from work and a trip to wal-mart and all I can think is ummm salad 
Back to the early shift at work for the next week . I hope I'll be able to go to sleep earlier then I normally do . So insomnia needs to take the week off and leave me alone 
Just heard the Glee casts version of Queens \somebody to love\ " Yet another song they have killed . Please stop the carnage ! " 
Is itching for my next tattoo . Which one of my many ideas will win out and become my next ? I'm thinking it's going to be my big Poe back piece but we'll see . 
starts school a week from monday . looking forward to it but i'm also nervous about joining the UCF choir . this isn't something that should make me nervous but i am none the less . 
So I have made a few sales on Etsy . Enough to have some business cards made up but not enough to retire on yet , lol . I just hope the good luck continues . 
just a quick note about my Etsy shop . All orders are shipped with a free gift and will be shipped out the day after your order is placed . If there is something specific you are looking for , message me ;-) Thank everyone ! 
first day of school tomorrow . looking forward to having something else to do besides work and work . 
Has decided that in addition to normal job applications , IQ tests should also be required . I am sick of the stupid people my boss keeps hiring . Get rid of one and another one shows up . 
where is the d o-o ver button ? i need it . 
parking at UCF is total bullshit ! I got cut off trying to turn into a parking space !!! TWICE !!! I let off a string of various four letter words for a good 5 minutes before I had to run to class . 
Auditioned for the ucf mixed choir , nothing special just a regular choir , and did not make it . I think I am still in shock ... 
( People I work with will agree that this describes me to a T ) Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am out of control and at mostly hard to handle- but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a ... Handful .. then repost this on your status . I DARE You ! - :) 
ok , was told the reason I did not make it into the UCF choir is that I am not a music < PROPMALE > anymore so therefore I didn't make the choir because that would take a seat away from an actual music < PROPMALE > . He basically said that unless I was a music < PROPMALE > or a musical genius , I won't be getting into his chior anytime soon . 
Has noticed that a few \friends\ " are no long on my friends list . " 
long day at work , so tired I have a headache that is flirting with turning into a migrain :( 
Went shopping at the Altamonte Springs mall today and was surprised to discover that there is an actual tattoo shop in the mall . Resisted the nearly over powering urge to have a tattoo done on the spot and decided to remain faithful to my one and only tattoo artist . Love ya Stano , be in soon for my next one . 
is not having a good two weeks , discouraged . Am trying to come up with ideas to fix it 
I would like to thank all the girls over in the Petco grooming saloon ! You guys did a great job with Shadow , its amazing to see him so clean . Thanks ladies !! 
I know that most people look forward to the weekends but I hate to see Friday come . Not only do I have school on Fridays but it is pretty much a certainty that I'll have to work Friday , Saturday , and Sunday . Its really is no fun at all :-( 
Does anyone know of an urgent care/ walk in clinic that is open on Sundays ?? This earache is getting worse and worse 
Does anyone have an awesome remedy for earaches ? 
Went to the walkin clinic in Publix sunday . Left work early to go there cause I was feeling so bad ( sry to the ppl at work for leaving in the middle of a shift ) . Its not an ear infection as I thought but fluid in the ear , so much fluid that it was putting pressure on my eardrum thus causing the pain . Put me on some meds & I'm finally starting to feel abit better . Hopefully in a few days I will be good as new . 
Getting ready to go into my midterm , little nervouswish me luck ! 
I really hate it when people give me the run-a-round ... I will respect you more if your honest with me then if you ignore me . 
Been working on this history paper for three hours solid and it's given me a headache . I have to really concentrate on my writing cause the teacher doesn't want \wordy\ " papers . Anyone who has read anything I've written knows that my style is wordy and anything else just feels unnatural " 
I swear people don't have good ( or any ) manners any more . I sent a friend a baby blanket that I made completely by hand for her baby to be . Its been two months and so much as a thank you . I spent weeks on that thing , would have been better off selling it on Etsy , at least then someone might have apprecited it . 
So would anyone like to recommend a great tattoo artist in the area ? Thanks 
Took last final today , it went fairly well . Got my research paper back and was very happy to see that I got a 95 from a teacher known for ripping papers apart . All in all a good semester but glad its over . 
have really enjoyed my four days off from work but alas I must return tomorrow :-( Its all good so long as I don't get cornered by Jesus freaks again . I am glad your doing the Lords work but could you not do it at MY work . 
So not only did I have the joy of working Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , I now get to work new years < PROPFEMALE > and be back in at 10 am new years day . Thank you petco for ensuring that I have no life and/or fun . F*ck you too . 
Should I play Guild Wars on the pc or Silent Hill on wii . Decisions , decisions 
Dear petco , once a schedule goes up in the office maybe it shouldn't be changed in the middle of the week without at least checking with the employee first . There is such a thing as life outside of work . 
Well it was bound to happen-I am sick and it sucks ! Feel like I am choking to death on my own mucus . But at least I can breathe through my nose for now anyway 
Omg I am so sick ! I will spare everyone the gross details but I will say that I've had a temp of 102 for most of the day , just now broke . I truly hope that no one else gets this flu . 
to all my Petco co-workers : I went to the doctor today and surprise ! I have a severe flu bug . I won't be able to work at all this weekend . Hope this doesn't cause too many problems for you guys . 
only positive side to being sick is the fact that I can sleep 15 hours a day and not feel guilty about it . 
Finally over this horrible flu ! Just a nasty cough left over . Back to work tomorrow . 
I hav 
I have no tolerance for so called managers whose IQ are less than their shoe size . Where is Darwinism when you need it ? 
Is it too much to ask that it snows here once a year or so ? It's not right that it's 70 something in the beginning of February . I hate Florida ! 
just got back from seeing Celtic Woman at the new Amway Center . Not sure if I like the new Amway . Loved the music though , Beautiful voices as always . Hope I didn't piss off the people I was sitting next to with my singing along to almost every song . 
So I am curious . I am looking into possible vacations for next summer . Is $ 6,000 dollars for 3 adults(including flights and hotel rooms ) for 14 days considered expensive or reasonable ? 
P.S. So glad football is over !!!!!! 
ugh ... supposed to be writing a paper for school but can't seem to find the motivation to get started ... plus I didn't even finish the book I am supposed to be writing about . 
well my paper is done , mostly . I have time to add the finishing touches tomorrow . Now I am going to reward myself with a movie ;-) 
woohoo ... the weekend is here !!! No , wait I work retail ... BOO weekend , you suck 
They say there is no such thing as a stupid question , they were wrong ! 
When did retail get so complicated ? I give it two maybe three weeks < PROPMALE > . 
I need another week to study for my Latin American history midterm . Too much to do in too little time . 
seriously if I study anymore tonight my head is going to explode but the test is thursday and I don't know when I will have time to study tomorrow :-( 
Finally mid terms are done . As for the mid term that I was freaking out about well I'm hoping for a B but will be happy with a C . Just glad they are finished . 
I am sooo very addicted to Sonic Creamslush drinks . Strawberry is the best , could drink it nonstop all day . 
started a new diet today :-( keeping track of what I eat by way of an iPhone app . Calories and fat aren't my problem , never had been , its those DAMN carbs . 
are there any carb experts on here ? 
Have to be at work at 9 in the morning :-( FML 
writing this damn paper is giving me a headache , would call it a night but its due thursday and I have no time to work on it tomorrow . on the plus side I got my midterm back and was surprised to see I made a B , thought for sure I was gonna be lucky to get a C . 
so for those of you who know me well you know that I am a < PROPMALE > fan of anything British and would be living in England if I could afford it . anyway the point of this post is to simply say that I can't wait to see the up coming < PROPMALE > wedding and if you think the hype here is bad , imagin what its like over there . 
Sitting here waiting for my next class to start and I can't keep my eyes open . I am sooooooo tired 
Have a sore throat and low grade fever :-( I don't like being sick , no one does , but seriously I just had a wicked flu shouldn't that fill my sick quota for at least six months ? 
Is achingly home sick at the moment . Really sucks not being where you really want to be . 
Skipped school and am glad I don't have to work tonight cause there is no way I am going anywhere in this weather 
finally got around to watching Tangled last night from start to finish . one of the best disney movies in recent years . 
I have decided that I really dislike my latin american history teacher . He is an interesting enough teacher but writing a paper a week is killing me especially since the readings for these papers are entire 400 < PROPFEMALE > books . Don't suppose any one on here has read Inevitable Revolutions by < PROPFIRST > LaFeber ? 
