can't do this 

just got around to watching the pilot episode of Glee , and feels that , at times , it was brilliant . 
is going to work tomorrow ! 
is leaving for New Zealand in twenty days . 
has a blog ... kateichner.tumblr.com . 
is in the vancouver airport . Canadians are really nice . 
is in the < PROPFIRST > airport . For the next 8 hours . And then ... Auckland ! 
is in town for the first time ! The town of Paihia , that is . :) 
send me emails ! Even though I don't get to check often , I want to know what's going on at home . :) 
loves all of her birthday wishes from afar . Thanks to everyone and I love you all . :) 
is about to be on the road again ... 
knows where she's staying next month . :) 
is homesick for the first time in quite a while . She's not sure why . Bad News Bears , maybe . 
is rappelling 300 ft down into a cave tomorrow . Who IS she ? 
is on the road again ... Remus , we can totally handle this . I hope . 
made it safe and sound to Takapau . :) She won't be able to update her blog as frequently as before , but the little cabin she's living in is adorable ... 
is grumpy and exhausted and not at all inclined to have kids . 
understands that < PROPFIRST > Wolff is 3/4 of the allure of posting photo albums . 
* might * know where she's going next ! Also , she rode the biggest horse she's ever been on , today . :) 
has booked the ferry and a hostel , and is heading to South Island on May 7th ! 
is thankful for facebook . Her News Feed just informed her that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Likes Movies . She never would have found that out , otherwise . 
is about to brave the Cook Strait . She's also glad that driving directions in New Zealand are simple . Step 1 : get on Highway 1 . Step 2 : Stay on Highway 1 until you get to where you're going . 
hit the brakes , as per < PROPFEMALE>'s instructions . She's safe and sound in Kaikoura , and heading out again tomorrow morning ... 
made it to the Southiest South of the South Island ( except for Invercargill ) . And , more amazingly still , so did Remus . :) 
is feeling blue . 
is feeling blue still , but in that \blue is my favorite color so feeling blue means feeling cheerful\ " way rather than that \ " blue is somehow equated with sadness and therefore means feelings depressed\ " kind of way . * cough * " 
is taking drastic measures to curb her recent facebook addiction-setting forth into the unknown , where there may or may not be consistent internet access . Oh yeah , and she's driving up past Christchurch today . 
didn't know that anyone still had dial-up anymore . Let's see if the facebook addiction can outlast pages loading for hours and that screechy sound the computer makes while connecting . RRRRrrrRRRwheeoowheoo ... Aside from that , however , this place is pretty much paradise . :) 
is now prepared for New Zealand's monsoon season , which has apparently started today . 
thinks she should probably build an ark about now . 
loves that today is the 50th anniversary of the 1st telvision broadcast in New Zealand . The first regular broadcasts in the US started in 1939 . If only the Amish had known , they never would've stuck with Pennsylvania . 
obtained a New Zealand library card by semi-fradulent means , and it has improved her life immensely . :) 
is heading up to Hanmer Springs . Life is a bit unpredictable . 
is watching snow fall outside the windows . It's pretty and stuff , but why did she decide to get an outside job in the Southern Hemisphere in June ? 
is really and truly in New Zealand . She just tried to type in tumblr.co.nz and xkcd.co.nz . 
feels like she's been kicked by a horse . Oh right , that's cause she has . 
wants to see Toy Story 3 , but the closest movie theater is a 2 hour drive . Worth it ? 
has , after several unsuccessful years of asking for seasons of Scrubs for Christmas ( and birthdays ) , finally bought seasons 1-3 for herself . Okay , so they're region 4 , but that's what computers are for , right ? * high five , snap * 
doesn't recommend hungover horseback riding . 
is starting to get excited for her road trip . :) 
is starting to get excited for her road trip , but more importantly , < PROPFEMALE > Eckard Eichner is coming to visit her in October ! :) :) :) :) :) :) 
is visiting Suvi Mattila in Arthur´s Pass ! Also , Suvi´s keyboard is set for Finnish even though it´s an American keyboard , so she can`t find the colon to do a smiley face . 
finds it much easier to shake off a hangover at sea level . 
has come to the end of her road trip and is back in the North Island , safe and sound . Also , see < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim . 
has been bottle feeding a lamb every few hours . Despite warnings to the contrary , she still finds this cute rather than burdensome . 
is safe and sound ... the earthquake hit near Christchuch , which is in the South Island . She's currently in the North Island . No stories about cows on the news tonight , she reckons ... 
has been locked out of her gmail because \unusual activity\ " was detected on her account . Um . She's supposed to get back in with a code they'll text to her phone ... but there's no cell service here . Serious womp womp . " 
has access to gmail again (* grumble * FINALLY ) but now her computer won't play the Sims game she waited three weeks for . This is not a good week for computer related things , it seems . 
is experiencing < PROPFIRST > Poppins strength gales around here , and not enjoying it as much as you might think . 
is wondering if a 15.2 hand grey mare and a black lab will fit in her suitcase ... 
is about to be in the same hemisphere as , on the same continent as , and experiencing the same day as @ < PROPFEMALE > Eckard Eichner for the first time in nine months . She could not BE more excited . 
has been to ChristchurchMethvenLakeTekapoMtCookDunedinDoubtfulSoundMilfordSound * deep breath * not to mention the places on the road between those places . And now it's on to Queenstown . :) 
is back in home sweet Dannevirke . And exactly one month from today , she will be back in the continental United States ... 
reeeallly needs to sell her car . 
has said farewell to Remus and is that much closer to heading home ... 
liked December 11th even better the second time around . 
has never been this vicariously happy in her entire life . Ask Reza Mirsajadi why . :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
has a job . !!! 
just realized that the shirt she wore to work today gaps prettty seriously at the front . Good times . 
hates her phone for not telling her about the message from Penn Glee Club on her birthday . But they still made her day . :) :) :) :) :) 
Free Hugs Friday on Locust Walk = BEST IDEA EVER . 
The opposite of happiness : getting to work and finding out that your boss told everyone but you that it's Casual Friday . 
danced the night away . Who am I , exactly ? 
Doofenschmirtz evil incorporaaaated ! 
