can somebody please send me some goats , I aint got none ! 

man i am enjoying my vacation , and with football season starting tomorrow i couldnt ask for to much more ! Go 49ers !!!! 
just dont let nobody hit u 
I dont care who wins the mayweather vs marquez fight tonight i just hope its good and someone gets knocked out !! 
Go 49ers !!! were 2-0 and rollin !! 
I just want to send a special HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my mom today I wish you have a great day !!! And to my friend < PROPFEMALE > HAPPY BIRTHDAY hope you also have a great day ! and happy birthday to everyone else born today . 
< PROPFEMALE > your a best friend forever , who just happens to be a pervert !!!!! jk 
can everybody please send me a baby elephant !!!! 
How many of us have a tiger woods in our life and don't even know it ? 
I just want to thank the Vikings again for making this a good day by killing the cowboys and at the same time winning me some money !! 
Damn , only 6 hours and 35 minutes left living my life in the 20's , what to do what to do ? Tomorrow brings the big 3-0 , Damn , after that its 40 , are we really getting that old ? O well might as well enjoy life while I can ! 
I just want to thank everybody for the birthday wishes ! Even though it snowed all day I had a great day ! 
LET'S GO SPURS !!!!!!!!!!! 
FINALLY , I'm off work . Time to start my vacation ! 
Time to go to sleep ..... if I can 
F it I'll get some sleep tonight might as well enjoy my vacation !! Goodmorning to everybody going to work ! 
Man I was having a great day , and now I'm so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so SICK !!!!! I jumped in the pool with my iphone in my pocket and now 
Luckily my brothers tmobile works ( tmobile still sucks ) but if u don't hear from me I don't have ur information any more ! Bout to perform surgery on it , pray for a safe recovery , then either get drunk or go to sleep don't really know 
Damn I miss my phone !, only 14 more days ! Feels like an eternity ...... 
Man , my vacation is officially over , hate to have to go back to work but these bills dont pay themselves ! Besides messing up my Iphone , I had a great vacation ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! Go celtics ! 
Up early making pig n the blankets for the kids . 
Damn it seems like everyone is pissed off today , and now its my turn ! I just found out that AT&T is not going to have any F***ING iphone 4's till tuesday june 29th . The only way you will get it is if you preordered your phone which I did not cuz they stopped taking orders ! 
Damn , my week just keeps getting worse and worse ! 
Off work , quick to the ..... I forgot , I don't have a batcave , just my moms grass to cut . :( help ur boy out with getting a batcave Gio ! 
Damn , why do people talk sh ** from a distance and ain't gonna bust a grape ? 
Congratulations to the Greatest Reciever Ever , < PROPFIRST > Rice ! 
Are you ready for some football ? This is the best time of the year , football season . 5 months of pure happiness ! Rep your team . 
Thank you thank you thank you , that's for everyone at work that was clownin ! 
Damn , I had a good day and a great night ! 
BOOOOOO ! BOOOOOO ! 
0 and fucking 5 ! Fucking shame ! 
Man I love this weather ! Except when it makes my allergies act up . 
Yes ! Finally ! 
So today is 50 cent wing day at pizza hut , I wonder if they deliver my wings if I order 2 ! Only got a dollar so I ain't tipping ! 
Alright fellas , today is national \men make dinner day\ " ! So what are yall cooking the family tonight or are yall not celebrating this ? " 
Happy thanksgiving to all !! We might not have everything we want but we have more than enough to be thankful for . Have a great day everybody . 
Just got finished watching the movie \devil \"!!" 
FINALLY finished Christmas shopping and with a whole day to spare , guess I did good this year !....... Hope I didn't forget anyone ! 
You can't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . So be careful who you call your friend , and choose wisely !! 
Just made meatloaf with mashed potatoes and mini lemon meringue pies for dessert . And all of it actually tasted good . 
Alright , to everybody that got something from me on their wall post , it wasn't me , I didn't send it and I don't know who did ! Sorry ... 
Since I can't drive .... I might as well walk , c y'all later !! 
Been inside most of the day and now I'm bored ! 
Downtown , somewhat freezing , but I just saw < PROPFIRST > Rice ( g . o . a . t . ) and it made it worth it !! Waiting for < PROPFIRST > Montana 
Damn , damn , damn !!! I didn't know < PROPFIRST > Rice and < PROPFIRST > Montana were going to be down here ! I would of brought something for them to sign ! The guy next to me got an autographed helmet with both of them , I offered him 400$ but he won't sell , imma keep trying ! 
Today should be a national holiday !! Everybody should get the day off WITH pay . Today is Superbowl Sunday !!, the greatest sporting event we have . One game to determine who is the best !! 
Green bay , still don't like you but since y'all won me some money , I guess we alright !!! 
Man , police are full of shit !! Straight up !!! 
Alright , although I thanked everybody individually , I want to say once again , I appreciate everyone taking a moment out of there day to wish me a happy birthday . And if you didn't wish me a happy birthday ....... I'm going to delete you !!!!!! J/k 
Vacation vacation vacation ! Now what to do ? I think I'll go gambling ! 
31 and still doing it ........ Damn I need to stop ! 
Free drinks . And free money , you cant beat that !!! Oh yeah you can , but I got that too !!! Hahaha ! 
YES , it's about time !! 
Damn !! 3.09 for a gallon of gas !! WTF !!! I got better things to do with 50$ !!!!!! 
Revenge of the barracuda !! 
Damn , the people in japan never knew what hit them ! Tsunamis aren't nothing nice ! 
..... I got a car full of girls and it's going real swelllllllllll , the next stop is the Eastciiiiiiiiiiiide motel !!!!! R.I.P. Nate Dogg . 
March 26 1995 , we lost one of the pioneers of gangsta rap and one of my all-time favorites . R.I.P. Eazy-E . 
K.E.N.T.U.C.K.Y. 
Damn I know I got some quarters or something !!!!!! 
