stayin in tonight then getting up early and playin in the frozen open !!!!!! 

4 months and counting 
INDY WINS INDY WINS INDY WINS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
doing sum online xmas shopping . 
listening to sci fi crimes and waiting on my dinner to be delivered 
cant wait to get my new tattoo !! 
there goes the possibility of an undefeated superbowl .... how in the hell can < PROPFIRST > suck so bad and still beat the saints .... its just not right 
i hate the snow i hate the snow i hate the snow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
OMG !!!!! ITS THE GREAT WHITE DEATH FROM ABOVE !!!!!!!! 
at home with the family ... finally finished making my rounds for christmas ... not too excited about having to work tomorow but oh well . 
took me an hour to get home from work ... fuck this bullshit weather !! 
why must the weekend end so soon 
got sent home from work due to the weather ... goodluck to everyone who is on the roads today . 
i need a vacation 
GO INDY !!!!!!! 
ALL HAIL PEYTON MANNING 
INDY WINS !!!!!!! now the jets need to beat san < PROPMALE > 
LETS GO JETS !!!!!!! 
going to see Legion at midnight 
ALL HAIL PEYTON MANNING AND THE COLTS !!!!!!!! Southbeach here we come !!!!!!!!!! 
Home from Mattoon .... waitng to see if i get a call back . 
Putting together a new workout playlist .... lots of Disturbed , Chevelle , and Nonpoint plus some other randoms :) 
looking at vacation spots for the upcoming year . any suggestions ? 
first night at the gym was a success ... tired now but its worth it 
Clocks ticking down to the domination of New Orleans .... GO INDY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Cant decide if i hate the snow or enjoy it today 
just got home from work ... heading to the gym in a few 
home from the gym ... time to relax and watch some movies 
why must the weekend be so short . 
off to the gym 
cant sleep . 
Got fired today ... if anyone knows of any where thats hiring let me know . 
Just got home with the box and tools ... now the job hunt begins . 
im gonna sleep so much better tonight than i ever have 
putting in apps and job hunting all day ... its only been one day but it feels like im on a never ending weekend . lol 
Interview at Honda tomorow ... hopefully all goes well . 
Skillet show last night was amazing !!!! 
at home bored ... heading south tomorrow to look at campers . 
heading to class in a bit . 
thinking i need a new tattoo to help get me out of this funk im in . 
actually made it out of bed before noon for a change . 
WE ARE ALL FUCKED ! 
Yet again those crooked bastards in Washington have found a way to fuck over Americans !!!!! A Revolution is coming it's only a matter of time !!!!! 
bored as hell . 
just got a call back for an interview ... hopefully i wont be unemployed too much longer . 
bored out of my mind 
YAHTZEE !!!!!!! GOT A JOB TODAY !!!!!!!! 
what to do today .... might clean the truck or play some golf 
this weekend is gonna get crazy !!!! 
relaxing at home for the day ... going out tonight to start celebrating then resting tomorow so i can do it all over again . 
ya can't keep me down for long ... fuck with me and i come back harder than before . 
home from work now its time to head out for class . 
why is it that every time stuff starts looking up for me i end up getting fucked over ... FTW 
yahtzee ... scored a free custom built hybrid from Warrior Custom Golf today ! 
home from monicals ... sleeping soon so i can go to work in the morning and then to monicals again tomorow night . 
bustin out some homework then taking a nap 
work tomorow then a weekend filled with carshows and goodtimes ... just what i need to help me get over this shit week . 
plans for tomorow ... carshows and beer ... yay ! 
just want to remind everyone to watch out for motorcycles while your driving . 
really need to get my new tattoos ... just gotta find the time and the money 
just woke up ... getting ready to head to monicals at 5 then masterbrand at 1030 ... in for another long night 
just woke up ... this whole working at night and sleeping all day thing is taking some getting used to . 
so roughly 2 hours of sleep in a 24 hour period makes for an interesting day ... oh well , if i offend anyone today tough shit cause you probly had it coming anyways . 
Start a war with one and be crushed by the army that comes to defend them . 
looks like the chevy will be sitting nice and low within the next couple of weeks 
looking foward to yet another weekend filled with friends , family , carshows , and some beer . 
grad party + booze+pool+cops = one interesting night . lol 
could really use one more day on this weekend ... headed in to work a couple hours early . hopefully we get off early 
ordered the drop < PROPFEMALE > for the chevy today ... cant wait to get it installed . :) 
Truck parts are in ... YAY ! 
Dropped the truck off this morning to have the lowering < PROPFEMALE > installed ... cant wait to pick it up tomorow ! 
finally home from runnining around today ... went to charelston and got the new and improved truck . working 7 to 11 tonight then its home to sleep so we can party all day tomorow for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s birthday ! 
Relaxing at home ... gonna take a nap soon so i can be ready to go to work at 11 
Cant freakin wait till saturday !!! 
well my weekend is shot all to hell ... cant go to the carshow or lay in the pool and drink all because i have to work all fucking weekend ... but the one upside is that im gonna have 12 hours of O.T. 
hanging out at home for another hour before im off to work ... hopefully the night goes quick . 
got some carshow stuff done ... gonna eat breakfast then get the truck detailed for the show tomorow . 
headed to bed in a bit so i can get some sleep b4 i have to start my work week . 
thursday morning can't come soon enough 
last day of work till tuesday ... gotta love long weekends . 
well its been a productive day , got my insurance figured out and made a trip to indy for fireworks . 
slowly getting stuff ready for the carshow ... got the t-shirts ordered and placing the trophy order next week ... lots left to do but its all good 
getting ready to blow some shit up ... oh how i love the 4th of july !! 
cookout at the uncle's house later then lighting off some more fireworks 
off to work in a bit ... the long weekend was nice but im ready to get that money . 
Welcome everyone to WHO GIVES A FUCK FRIDAY !!!! 
WOW just saw the Shamwow guy doing a commercial for Eminem's new album 
anyone up for going to a truck show on saturday ? 
Going to pick up the new toy on Thursday ... so excited I can hardly wait . 
Went and picked up the ruckus yesterday ... not gonna lie its a freakin blast to ride 
such a lazy day ... went out on the ruckus for a while now going over to the grandparents for some steak , corn on the cob , fresh greenbeans and some baked potatos . 
Welcome to yet another installment of who gives a fuck Friday !!! 
so goddamn hot out i really dont want to go to work ... oh well , gotta get that money 
just rolled in from a 12 hour shift ... food , shower , and bed so i can head to monicals at 5 . 
just woke up .. headed out to work after bit ... hopefully tonight goes smooth for a change 
Just ordered my tix to go see A7X , Hellyeah , & Stonesour ... oh yeah and it's on Friday the 13th :) 
Headed out to drop off the ruckus to get it looked at soon then making some stops in champaign to see my boys then off to arcola to pick up my check . 
One week till the carshow , two weeks till Avenged Sevenfold and Hellyeah ... I can't wait !!!!!! 
Phone died ... if anyone needs me hit me up on here . 
managed to find my old phone and get it working ... cant wait to upgrade this p.o.s 
getting carshow stuff ready ... cant wait til saturday and next friday ... its gonna be a good couple of weeks 
hoping that the carshow is bigger and better this year ... so far from what I've heard its gonna be a pretty good turn out 
busy day ... trying to find the motivation to clean the truck and ruckus , getting carshow stuff ready for tomorow , lunch with holmes and then working 7 to 11 in arthur ... and i have to find some time to nap in there somewhere . 
Still slightly in shock from the amount of cars at the show yesterday ... it was the biggest turnout ever . Tons of great people and great cars ... cant ask for much more than that . 
finally managed to sleep til after 1 for a change . 
Headed out to work soon ... thankfully it's a short week . 
tomorow cant come soon enough ... the capital city will be torn apart by the time the night is over ! 
Happy Friday the 13th everyone ... oh how i love this day !!!!! 
Just got home from the concert .... OMFG !!!!!! it was one of the best/craziest nights i have had in a while , i need to do this more often . 
oh and i met My Darkest Days , New Medicine , Sick Puppies , and Halestorm !!! 
Looking at my own reflection\ 
When suddenly it changes\ 
Violently it changes ( oh no)\ 
There is no turning back now\ 
You've woken up the demon in me 
Just picked up my new phone ... this thing is cracktastic . Lol 
Headed out to Arcola for the first round of the < PROPMALE > County 
Well I shot a 147 today ... hope tomorow goes better 
Really hates stupid RETARDS who dont watch out for people on motorcycles when they drive ... i think if you hit some one on a motorcycle then you should be forced to stand still while some one runs you over with a car ... fucking idiots !!! 
On break at work ... few hours left then home to nap . 
Working at monicals soon ... then off to masterbrand after that . 
Might have some big changes happening in the near future ... hoping for the best 
The weekend has finally arrived ... time to do nothing for 4 straight days 
Sitting in decatur with < PROPMALE > trying to figure out car stuff . 
Been a long night ... headed to bed so I can work later . 
I'm so fucking over this god damn shit . Really hoping I get the < PROPFEMALE > job so I don't have to deal with the fucktard at monicals anymore . Its fucking bullshit 
could use some more sleep ... working monicals in a bit then a 12 at masterbrand ... this is gonna suck . 
Need a fourth for a golf outing on Saturday ... playing at oakland . Hit me up for details if u wanna play . 
weekend is shaping up to be a good one ... getting some fresh ink tomorow and then golfing on saturday . 
Chillin at home . Off to the paign afterbit for a much needed new tattoo . 
Outlines done .... time to start the color 
Still working on the black ... gonna knock it all out tonight then do the rest as soon as it heals 
Done for now ... gotta let it heal up and come back for color 
Weekend starts in 4 hours ... whooooohoooo 
Can't go wrong with taco thursdays . 
Sitting around the fire 
Just rolled in from work 
Way to go Indy !!! 
Hoping it storms ... I love chillin out and watching the lightning . 
Done with job 1 off to job 2 
Almost finished for the day ... an hour fortys is all that's left . Then its home for a nap and back at 11 tonight for 6 hours 
hmmmm ... what parts should i buy for the truck next ?... rims , intake , exhaust , stereo ... cant decide guess that means im doing all of it . lol 
On a level of greatness/awesomeness that no one can't touch ... keep trying tho its fun to watch the failures . 
2 hours to go then home for a nap then runnin some errands b4 goin to taco night 
Had a tree fall on the camper this morning ... time for an upgrade ! 
Gettin that $ 
Working ... yet again 
4 hours till the weekend 
Home from work ... had a decent night except for the fact that I had my ears raped by some retarded monkeys . 
It was ugly but a win is a win 
Almost done for the night ... then home for some much needed sleep 
Weekend is almost here ! 
Thinking bout adding some more ink to the collection soon . 
Out makin my rounds in the paign . 
Just woke up 
Finally a day where I can sleep longer than 6 hours 
Well I'm back to that point of not giving two flying fucks about anything ... its all a bunch of shit . 
Sittin in indy at the camper dealer . 
When will people learn ... yet again the fucktard wants to run her mouth . If that's how you want to play then game on bitch . 
thinkin bout ordering some parts for the chevy ... new intake and programmer sound like a good place to start . 
Home from work ... gonna eat and pass out . Can't wait till Friday rolls around :) 
ordered the intake ... should have it by thursday so hopefully i can have it installed before the truck goes in on friday for the exhaust . then all thats left is to order the programmer . 
Work is so much better without the retarded monkies . 
gotta love distribution centers in chicago ... less than 24 hours and my intake was at my door . 
Last night of work for the week ... can't wait to get home and get the intake put on . 
breakfast , check .... nap , check ... time to put the intake on ? damn right it is . 
intake is on ... took it for a test run and everything is good , going in tomorow for the exhaust . 
welcome everyone to who gives a fuck friday ... on the agenda for today a whole lot of not shit . 
Just got home with the truck ... exhaust looks and sounds amazing ... hmmmm what should I buy for it next ? 
Been feelin pretty good lately ... got my intake and exhaust on , work is goin pretty good , and I finally got over my cold . Yep life is good . 
Two more nights of work for the week then the weekend begins 
Can't decide ... should I get some truck parts , a new tv or some new ink ?. 
Mmmmmm ..... bbq and beer 
Weekend is getting closer ... can't wait to eat myself stupid on thanksgiving . 
Weekend is finally here ... oh how I can not wait for the turkey and pie tomorrow 
Happy eat yourself ratarded everyone ! so thankful for my family and all of my crazy ass friends 
About to go into a food coma . Lol 
Only bad thing about long weekends is that they always end . 
WTF Indy !!!! Yet another loss to a shitty team ! At this rate the post season is not looking good 
4 hours work left then its home for some much needed sleep . 
Going into work 3 hours early ... gotta love it . 
Its taco night muthafuckas ! 
Well taco night was a success ... destroyed 18 tacos 
Food and then tattoo time 
Sitting at no regrets getting the back worked on ... if your in champaign swing over and see me 
Its the goddamn great white death from above ! 
On my way to get a christmas tree w mom and dad . 
< PROPMALE > caldwell needs fucking fired !!!!!! 
just ordered my tix to go see Disturbed , Korn , & Sevendust in January !!!!! 
Ready to drop some retarded monkies . 
Does anyone else hate the jersey shore or is it just me ... I mean why are these people famous ? They're a bunch of idiots . 
On the way to the stl .... be back tonight 
Just rolled into the airport ... picking up the cargo then its back to vg . 
Just got home ... longest day of my life 
Picking up the truck this afternoon then headed to work . 
Another day another dollar 
Going to scrapin the coast in mississippi this summer ... who wants to go with ? 
condo or hotel/casino ? 
time to start hoarding money like an asian person ! 
Great ... snow ... oh how I wish I lived somewhere warmer 
It looks like frosty the snowman took a massive shit on everything . 
Had a great night w the fam ... dinner and xmas early since dad works tomorrow ... got some great stuff and dad loves his new recliner so its all good . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas !!! 
Chili for breakfast ?... sure why not . 
I know its like 7 months away but I'm so ready for scrapin the coast ... these next few months need to move fast . 
A year ago today one of the greatest drummers the world has ever known played his final solo ... R . I . P < PROPFIRST > \The Rev\ " Sullivan " 
Steak and beer for breakfast ... ummmm yes please 
Looking foward to tonight ... got a bottle of lucid to ring in the new year 
so bored right now 
anyone else have the urge to run around screaming \help i have a large devil cat in my pants and it wont stop biting\ " in spanish or is it just me " 
The breaks been nice but its time to go back to work tonight .... gotta get that money 
Just booked the rooms for scrapin the coast ... now if june would hurry up and get here !!!! 
Friday can't get here soon enough 
Teen mom is just as bad as jersey shore ... bunch of stupid bitches who should have been swallowed at birth . 
is it bad that i have allegedly turned a 19 month old into a metal head ... i think not . LOL 
T-minus 1 hour 20 minutes till Disturbed and Korn 
Been up since 9 o'clock Thursday night and I'm just now laying down . Disturbed and Korn were fucking amazing can't wait to see them again sometime 
Can't wait to watch the bears choke today ... Go Seahawks !!! 
Fuck I'm tired 
Off to a party w @ < PROPFIRST > holmes ... should be a fun night 
Silly bears fans you should have known better than to think your team was going to the super bowl this year . 
Time for work ... hope it goes quick so I can go home and get some sleep . 
Breakfast and sleep ... working both jobs again tonight . 
Work work all day long , punchin that clock from dusk til < PROPFEMALE > . 
cant wait for the spring ... hopefully gonna see flogging < PROPFEMALE > and volbeat then this summer is scrapin the coast . 
getting close to ordering more truck parts ... yay !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Small nap then to @ < PROPFEMALE > markels house for some partying 
If that lil rodent punxatawney fuck head says 6 more weeks of winter I'm gonna find him and punt that lil furball into may !!!!!!!!! 
I hate this weather ... cali is sounding better all the time ! 
I hate this fucking weather 
Really wish I had more pto to use this year ... so many concerts I want to go to . 
I hope old man winter falls and breaks his hip ... if he doesn't I'll break it for him . 
Wonder if ill have another day off work tomorow ... kind of hope so but don't at the same time 
The groundhog gets to live another year . 
wow ... masterbrand closed for a second day in a row ... looks like we're gonna be working saturdays for a while . lol 
I feel like I got hit by a truck 
Fuck this cold weather 
Adding more truck parts to the list ... looking at a transgo shift < PROPFEMALE > , billet or corvette servos , and a rear dif upgrade . 
June needs to hurry up and get here ... I'm ready for the coast damn it . 
Wonder how long it will take vg to flood w all this snow melting and rain moving in ? 
Time for sleep ... ready for the weekend to get here . Gonna look at some new drivers and relax . 
Nights like this are best spent around a fire with some good friends and a case of beer . 
cant wait for monday ... the new rims will be here . 
So ready for the weekend ... this has been one of the shittiest weeks in a long time . 
@ old < PROPFIRST > w/ < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and sheldon ... can't beat pizza beer and good friends 
got a hard decision to make ... do i go and see Cold , Volbeat or A7X ? 
what a great fucking day this is starting out to be . fuck i cant wait for the weekend 
I need a new tattoo 
Few things are better than a cool rain on a bald head . 
Well since everyone else is playing words w friends I guess I will too . My username is fluffy_gato 
Kinda wanting to move out west ... cali , vegas or something like that . 
Fuck japan ... help out < PROPFEMALE > 
Drinking w < PROPMALE > @ old chicago ... mmmmm beer and pizza . 
Day 7 of my 2 week stretch w/o a day off ... just gotta make it to Friday then I can relax . Can't complain tho the $ is gonna be worth it 
Things are looking up ... got the job at masterbrand that I've been working on for months . 
Off to blackdog with < PROPMALE > for some smoked cornbeef and beer . Happy St. Pattys Day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well change of plans blackdog was stupidly packed so its off to find something else . 
LOOK TWICE -- SAVE A LIFE , MOTORCYCLES ARE EVERYWHERE !! Re-post this to your status to remind all of your family/friends that it is motorcycle season , and taking a few extra seconds to take a second look will save lives of our loved ones . Give them their fair share of the roadway . Pleaseeee ...! 
Can't fucking wait for Thursday ... going to run around chicago and hit as many amazing food places as I can . 
8 hours to go then its home free for the weekend 
Chicago with < PROPMALE > and jason ... bout to go tear up frys electronics . 
Almost 36 hours w little to no sleep is fun . Can't wait to pass out in my bed . 
Just left no regrets with < PROPMALE > . 
Plan for the niight .. shower , shave & saloon . 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Gettin ready to head to the stl to see cold and egypt central ... gonna be a good night 
Bored 
Got the carshow flyers ready to ship off to print !!! 
so ready for scrapin the coast in june ... only 2 and ahalf months away 
Decent night at work . 8 shy of makin a < PROPMALE > so its all good my nigga . 
This week needs to hurry up and get over with . 
I fucking hate stupid people 
Yay ! My new knives should be here this week . 
Just ordered the new bed cover for the truck ... yay im so excited !!!!!!! 
need sleep ... have to finish detailing the truck tomorow b4 work . 
Almost the the truck fully clayed ... just gotta polish , wax , do the windows and clean the rims and the outside is done . 
going to see fast five with < PROPMALE > again . 
Fuck this shit !!!! 
Bout time they got the bastard . 
time to get the foid card ... the department of homeland security is already warning about possible homegrown terrorism by extremeist supporters seeking revenge for osama's death . 
Working 16 hours today and 12 tomorow ... sucks a bit but the $ is well worth it . 
headed out to the parkland car show soon ... wish the silvy was cleaner so i could put it in the show but ill have to settle for looking at everyone elses cars and pass out flyers 
Ran the truck at parklands auto cross and did ok ... 38 seconds 
End of june needs to get here soon ... I need this vacation bad . Tryin my hardest not to go off on stupid people but its to the point I don't give a shit . 
This week needs to end so I can relax . 
Sick of hearing about this rapture bs ... there is no god so there is no rapture .. seriously everyone who believes this shit is fucktarded . 
Where is your rapture now you bible thumping pessimists ? Yet again you follow blindly not willing to take control of your lives and make your own decisions . 
just ordered the new mirrors and shorty antenna for the truck . 
Well gonna gave to wait to get the mirrors painted ... just had to drop 125 on the ruckus ... damn you sportland . 
Hangover 2 time 
Over in danville for the dacc carshow ... lots of nice cars and trucks ... headed for the hooters show l8r 
Great day over in danville ... got a bunch of flyers passed out and brought home some hardware . 
Gotta work @ monicals tonight ... hopefully I can make some $ and not kill ne one 
under a month till scrapin the coast !!!! 
OMG !!!!!! Trucker nuts are in full effect right now . 
9 hours down 8 to go then home for 4 hours of sleep then another 17 hour day . 
nice lil 4 hour nap now time for another 17 hour day ... oh how i love my money . lol 
Time for the last 12 hour shift of the week 
Gettin ready for the last night of work this week ... this has been the longest short week ever . 
Drinkin w < PROPMALE > tonight ... been a hard week and I'm ready to get fucked up . 
Todays forcast calls for temps in the 90s with scattered storms and an almost 100% < PROPMALE > of trucker nuts ... oh what a great day its gonna be . 
Another show another award . 
Well after a great weekend of relaxing and hanging out with friends its time again to start the work week . Atleast I only have to work 2 12 hour shifts this week instead of 4 . 
Not sure what it is but I've been pretty chill these past couple of days . Hopefully no one fucks up my good mood . 
Halfway thru the week and I'm still pretty chill . This is definately different . 
headed for champaign to pick up the mirrors and get some stuff for the carshow . 
Got the new mirrors , got the canopy , got a few door prizes and checked on the tshirts ... now time for dinner w < PROPFIRST > Holmes then gonna clean the truck . 
Well my good mood is officially fucking over ! 
If anyone is looking @ getting a hard bed cover for your truck DO NOT go with leer ... they have shitty customer service and can't get orders right . I've been waiting on a cover for 6 weeks when it should have taken 3 . Found out today it could take another 3 weeks . 
Unlimited pancakes 4 dollars , new shoes 70 dollars , watching merk run down the street then puke @ dennys ... priceless . 
got the new grill , chrome bowtie , antenna , and mirrors on ... just waiting for the bed cover . 
This time next week ill be almost down to mississippi for scrapin the coast !!!!!!! 
Never fails ... clean the truck for a show and the weather gets shitty 
Happy fathers day to the greatest dad ever < PROPFIRST > Akers !!!!! 
got a seat open in the chevy if anyone wants to roll to scrapin the coast this weekend . leaving at 2 am friday will return some time on monday ... if you want to go its 125 for the hotel plus whatever you want to spend in food and entertainment . hit me up if ya wanna go 
In duncans garage finishing cleaning the truck ... damn you mother nature for being a whore 
Fully detailed truck under the carport , food in my belly , now nap time so I can wake up @ midnight and finish packing so we can roll out around 2 
On the road to scrapin the coast !!! 
Gps says we should roll into scrapin @ 2 this affternoon ... let's see how right it is . 
Arkansas 
Just rollled into the waffle house 
Almost to gulfport 
Made it to biloxi ... eating dinner then who knows . 
OMG !!!!!!!! I just won 800 dollars at the casino 
Plans for stc next year ... bag the rado , do the system and get the train hoorn 
Time for some food then the after party on the beach 
Back from the beach party ... gonna chill on the balcony and catch some z's ... another long drive tomorow 
Time to rolll back home ... don't really want to tho . 
Just got home ... made it from biloxi to here in 12 hours . That's including food and fuel stops . Gotta love other states speed limits and the lack of police on the roads this weekend . 
Think its time to start building a system for the rado ... 2 RE audio 12s polk mm full range and components and a polk 5 channel amp . Can't forget the 5 farad cap . 
Headed foor the drag strip w < PROPMALE > Gee and < PROPFEMALE > Rahn . Its gonna be a good night . 
One hell of a good time tonight . 
Possible old < PROPFIRST > run after < PROPMALE > gets out ... might need a dd . Any one want the job ? 
Time to clean the truck . 
So many things I want to buy ... need more $$ tho 
Drinking over at duncans ... come by and grab a beer 
Just found out that sevendust is playing the canopy on the 16th of this month and then saving < PROPMALE > will be there the 31st . 
Thinking its time for a new tattoo 
Can't wait till next week . Starting a new tattoo Friday and gooing to see sevendust on Saturday . 
Its finally tattoo day . 
Chilled with sevendust and adelitas way after thhe show . Got autographs and talked about cars . 
Gonna clean up the friend list ... if you no longer see my updates too bad . 
If you are reading this congratulations that means you made it thru the final round of friend list cleanup . 
iPhone 4 bitches 
Finally got my daily driver ... 02 < PROPFEMALE > ext cab . now i can start putting in work on the silverado 
Truck cleaned now time for a shower so I can head out to the carshow in < PROPFIRST > . 
Getting ass raped at work for the second time this week . 
If this night gets any worse I will kill someone . 
Carshow was a huge success yesterday ... thanks to everyone who came out and supported us and everyone who helped out . 
Who wants to play some beer pong tonight ? 
Gotta love them 3 am Walmart runs 
Hacked :) 
Need to save some money ... gotta get my rat fink tattoo finished . 
I tell ya some people just don't know how to survive without gossip and drama . Why is it any ones business who did what . only people that should care are those involved in the situation . 
Didja hear the one about me given a shit cause if I ever did I don't remember it ... I can't wait for the new ffdp album in October . 
Can't wait till November ... I get to see five finger death punch , all that remains , and rev theory . 
Already getting ideas together for next years car show . Hoping to have a few activities going on at the show . 
Looks like I have an epic weekend lined up ... beer , tits , and trucks 
On my way to scheids fest with Daniel ... gonna be so far out of my element today I may need a map to get back . 
It's off to Springfield to see some titties 
One hell of a night !!!!! 
In need of a custom 50's < PROPFEMALE > car or truck for a pin up photo shoot . If any one knows of someone with such a vehicle please let me know or get me their info so I can contact them . 
Anyone want to go see lucky boys confusion at the canopy club on the 16th ? 
DRUNKEN BAR FIGHT ... you know the routine ... put the friends at the left of your profile in order . \ 
\ 
Who starts the fight : < PROPFIRST > Duncan\ 
Who hits someone first with a barstool : < PROPFIRST > Holmes\ 
Who falls off the barstool : < PROPMALE > Miller\ 
Who hits someone w/ empty bottle : < PROPFEMALE > Rudder\ 
Who gets hit for no reason : < PROPFIRST > Olden\ 
Who throws somebody out of a window : < PROPMALE > Alvis\ 
Who is thrown out of a window : Kegan < PROPFIRST > 
Who's coming to hooters tonight for the car show ? Starts at 530 and runs till 9 . 
Days like this make me wish I had my < PROPMALE > . 
Really wish I was sitting around a fire with some friends right now instead of heading into work . Hopefully the night goes quick and I can get home and get some sleep . 
Is made in < PROPFEMALE > . 
i wish the weather would make up its mind on what its doing 
Up in champaign at the scarecrow festival car show . Might be heading to Decatur for cruisin eldorado later with @ < PROPMALE > gee and @ < PROPFIRST > rahn 
Almost home from Decatur ... who wants to do something 
The game is about to change . Big things are on the way ... everyone needs to be ready . 
One more night of work and then it's the weekend ... can't wait to see lucky boys confusion tomorrow nigh ! 
Over at the canopy club waiting for LBC with 
If anyone is in the market for a new car audio set up check out Mikes Kustom Shop . They can hook you up with everything from a basic radio to a full system . 
Think I'm gonna order my train horn < PROPFEMALE > soon . People on campus better watch out . Lol 
Nap was a success now it's off to champaign for a few things and then home to wash the rado before the shows this weekend then head to the arcola oakland game . 
Nothing like coming into work expecting an 8 hour shift only to be told I have to work a 12 . Yet another day of no sleep for me . Fucking wonderful . Can't wait til my new business venture gets up and going . Then I won't have to deal w this shit anymore . 
So ready for the weekend ... adding to the hotrod/ratfink tattoo on Friday and going to rantoul on Saturday to see some old school rides . 
Well I found the sewing machine I need . Now I just have to scrape together the money to get it ... soon as I do Akers Custom Upholstery will be open for business . 
It's tattoo day muthafuckas !!!!!!!!! 
Omg I feel like shit !!!!!! 
So ready for bed ... really need to clean the chevy but I'm thinking a nap is in order before I do . Not sure what to do tonight ... might head to the drag strip . 
Fuck it nap wins 
It's just one of those days 
Gonna be a long weekend . But atleast it will be a money filled weekend . 
Didn't get the truck cleaned ... gonna have to do that in the morning now . Hopefully this night at work goes quick but I doubt it . 
Finally headed home from work . Hopefully there is food at the house cause I'm fucking starving like those children on the tv commercials . 
Well I would call tonight a success !!! 
If it hadn't been for a few select people work would have been really shitty tonight . 
Really hope this night goes by quick and easy ... not in the mood to deal with shit today . 
Anyone up for a late movie tonight ? 
4 hours down 12 to go . 
Had the < PROPMALE > to go home instead if stay over ... chose to stay and work . Why do I always let money control me ... oh that's right it's because I'd rather be controlled by money than a female . Lol 
It's just one of those days . 
Drinking black tooth grins with 
