Had fun at the American Legion in downtown last night with family . Happy New Year everybody ! 

Had a pretty good day , went over to my sister's graduation party and I had a lot of food , and now I'm tired , lol . 
It's good that he got some confirmation on something ... I can move on now :) , and it actually feels good too ! Anywho , I'll be going on a job hunt pretty much all day , so if you got my cell number , just give me a call . Today's going to be crazily busy . Yeee 
Just got back from job-hunting , picked up a little over 14 or so job applications ... plus , I just have a lot of other things on my mind ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > class is tomorrow ! w00t ! 
feels incredibly awesome ! 
Just have to say that Ong-Bak : Thai Warrior is an awesome movie ! 
Woo Hoo ! A wireless mouse ! 
Today's going to be awesome , I have a feeling . 
is doing very awesome so far 
Gotta do some < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > today , among other things , w00t ! 
Assassin's Creed 2 looks amazingly awesome ... must get ! 
just has a lot of things on his mind , thinking of people ... 
Had one of the best days that I have had in a while :) 
Had an awesome day hanging out with someone today . 
thinks today was sure something good :) 
Until recently , I haven't had time to play you ... Oh how I missed you acoustic guitar <3 Now , I can create tasty jams for everyone to rock out to , YEEEEEAH ! XD 
Playing some < PROPFEMALE > Wars : Force Unleashed and I'm almost done ... w00t ! 
Well , I need to hop off now , I need to wake up around 6AM and I have some stuff I need to finish before I hit the hay , w00t ! 
is going rafting today , although he doesn't know where , lol . He thinks it'll be pretty fun , w00t ! 
Just got back from job training an hour ago ( 12-6 ) , and now , for homework , I need to come up with names of 250 people that I have met in my life or I need to come up 40-45 HM3's , which are people who meet the qualifications of being marreid , own a home , a 
w00t ! Going to Izzy's , haven't been there in a while ... lol 
is listening to Infected Mushroom , an awesome electronica/trance music group . I'm going to see them in concert on Thursday , July 16th ! Yeeeeah ! woohoo ! lol 
The morning after the Infected Mushroom concert , my ears are still ringing , it's freaking awesome ! lol w00t !!!! The concert was the most awesome thing I've ever been to ! Oh yeah , plus I got my ticket signed by guitarist , < PROPFIRST > C of Infected Mushroom !! My 
After I finishing my form practice , I'm going on a bike ride to < PROPMALE > McCall Waterfront Park , should be pretty fun :) 
Today was pretty awesome , I went on a scenic bike ride through the Springwater Corridor , and stopped at the Saturday Market in downtown Portland . While I was there I picked a Chinese Horoscope : Dragon , from the Chinese Caligraphy stall , I love that place ! 
I just got back from biking from my house to Powell's City of Books in downtown Portland . It was an awesome ride , Portland's so full of life , it's crazy . Next time I go down there I have to stop by VooDoo Donuts , I heard they were alright :D , lol . 
needs some time to think through some things ... he's just not sure if the timing was the best ... 
I'd say not to take the situation too hard , because it's not the end of the world , but I've been there before , so ... easier said than done I guess ... 
Well , I have to get packing for a 1-2 week trip , and I have to get it done before Sunday . So I do not believe I will be online very much for the next two days . Have a lot of things that I need to get done , but somehow I have time to get on Facebook XD . Anyway , yeah , lots O ' stuff . 
is not really sure how he's supposed to feel ... just wishes there wasn't so much going on at once ... 
is chillin ' at his friend < PROPMALE>'s place with a few other people , it feels good to < PROPFEMALE > out with old friends . 
well , I went to the Armed Forces recruiting station that was on SE McLoughlin Blvd , but I found out that it moved to Oregon City a year ago XD . Then I went to the Minthorn Spring Wetlands in Milwaukie and chilled there for a little bit . Oh , I have decided that I will be to trying join the Air Force once I read up on a few more things . Aside from that , I have more things to do today , w00t ! lol 
\What is right in one case is not what is right in another ; What is wrong in one case is not what is wrong in another . \ " -Huainanzi " 
\Buddha : A Story of Enlightenment\ " by Deepak Chopra . Very good book from what I have read so far . " 
If anyone has tried to call me or text me , I apologize , I misplaced my cell phone on Saturday , haven't been able to find it since , and I have it turned off . 
\You should not let your senses make a playground of your heart and mind . \ " Tibetan saying . " 
Good day everybody ! Hope all is going well . 
\Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts . \ " -The Buddha " 
Well , I misplaced my cell phone was again , lol . I'm not particularly worried , I know it's in the house or around the house . I think it's due to the fact that I mainly use it for a stop watch and an alarm clock , that's about it XD . 
Found the phone , it was actually at the North Clackamas School District building , where I do < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > practice sometimes . So it actually wasn't in my house XD . 
Yesterday was fun at Biketobeerfest , I participated in a bike-throwing contest XD . Aside from that , I don't what it is , but this has to be my favorite season to be outside . 
probably has to move out next year , and he needs to find a job in the meantime . The military is still an option , but that's only if he can't find a regular full-time job . 
I just did 3.5 - 4 hours of Microbiology without taking a break , the thing is that it really did not seem like that long . Microbiology is interesting ? lol , maybe , but I just think it was a lot of busy work . 
Just wishes that a simple thing didn't seem so difficult to say . 
The last two days have been crazy , yesterday < PROPMALE > Montoya , lead guitarist of the band , Saliva , was in my music and media class as a guest lecturer ( got my shirt signed ) , and today I ran into a friend that I haven't seen since my Freshman year of high school , and that was pretty awesome as well . 
Another day filled with homework .... Hopefully there will be some free time today . 
I'm kind of feeling loopy while I'm on this Flu medication , wooooo ! lol 
Why are so many things so deceptively simple that they seem to be of great difficulty to accomplish ? 
is not sure why he is thinking about this all of a sudden , but trying to retain friendships can be pretty frustrating when other people don't meet you halfway . I have a few good friends , not an enormous amount , but a decent . But I do have to admit that keeping track of friendships is not a strong-suit of mine since I usually manage to distracted by other things . 
really wants to see \The Men Who Stare At Goats \"" 
Anybody want an invite to lockerz.com? 
Why is it so tempting to want something you can't have ? Something that's there , yet slightly out of reach ... Why do we always want more ? 
Had a very relaxing and enjoyable day , he just can't seem to find his wallet now >_< 
' s cell phone works , but the < PROPMALE > for the month has not been paid , so he can only use his phone as a stop watch and an alarm clock , lol . Oddly enough , he's glad , it'll help him focus on work better . 
Just have to say People in Planes is a freakin ' awesome band , oh it's not an opinion , it's a fact ...... lol , well , I guess not , haha , but they're still awesome . 
There's only so much I can do , only so much I can say . I can't control how people feel , I can go with the flow . I won't stop them from feeling that way if it makes them feel better . 
is working on his final painting for Watercolor ... and kind of tired at the same time . 
Just finished with Fall Term , w00t ! 
There's a universe of joy all around us , go on and grab a smile . 
Even when by ourselves , we really are never alone . We are a part of everything around us , and everything around is a part of us . We do not exist in and of ourselves . We are only alone because we make ourselves believe such ridiculous things . 
I accidentally dropped my phone yesterday , and I thought it was fine . But then I closed my phone , and a little while later , my phone started dialing < PROPFIRST > by itself . I heard the ringing when the phone was closed , I had to yank out the battery , in short my phone is somewhat out of commission , haha . 
has decided to write a story , but not sure whether how long it will be , he just an idea , started writing it out , and is just seeing how it pans out for him . He's pretty sure that length is not important that this point in time . 
Hanging out with an old friend I haven't seen in a while , w00t w00t ! 
Is playing Gears of War 2 and it is sweeeeeet ! 
Just had to say that New Years party was crazy-awesome ! I will definitely be going next year as well . 
Pressure is necessary in the formation of < PROPFEMALE > ... 
4 hours straight of Anatomy and Physiology studying F-yeah ! Our A&P teacher pretty much told us not to expect much of a social life for the next 11 weeks , and man , he is sure right about that one , haha . 
I'm focused . It's that simple . But simple doesn't necessarily imply easy , it's simple because of hard work and discipline , it's simple because it is what it is . 
I actually like studying Anatomy and Physiology , which happens to help , because I usually have to do a great deal studying for it , buwahahaha ! 
At this juncture in time ... stuff is happenin ' . 
Studying for my A&P Exam I will have later today ( not cramming , just putting in extra time ) and I'm feeling good about it , I just need to keep my studying consistent and I should do alright . 
Know your limits and what is enough , and you'll never be in danger 
I know she does , she told me , but she needs to make up her mind beforehand . I don't want to waste my time playing games ... 
Had a fantastic day with some awesome people today at my friend < PROPFIRST>'s birthday , it was one of the best days I've had in a while . I wouldn't trade that for money . 
Wow .... This feels surreal ... 
She is really something else , wow .... 
Ugh ! Why must some of them have to be so clingy ? I need some time to myself once in a while .... yikes ! 
I left my cell phone over there , but trust me , it was the last thing on my mind ... 
I miss her ... 
It's easier work than you think , but sometimes it takes hard work to realize that ... 
Sometimes wisdom can be a punch in the face , haha XD 
Pulled an all-nighter for my A&P lab exam , w00t ! 
Aha ! Apparently I got jury duty to attend to , haha XD . But I said I was a full-time student , so that might exempt me from it . Hope so ... 
We are capable of great things , don't let those detractors convince you otherwise . 
I'm not closing any doors ... I'm open to whatever may come my way , I'm not going to run away . 
\Remember that silence is sometimes the best answer . \ " - Dalai Lama " 
This too shall pass . And I couldn't be happier about it :) 
Attempting to fix the disc-brakes on my bike so I can head down to Portland for a while , and possibly get some stuff . 
I gotta B in Anatomy & Physiology 231 ! That class was crazy , but I survived :D 
Rented Bioshock 2 , so far good , I got about an hour and half into it so far ... Every so often my nephew jumped whenever he saw a bad guy popping out from nowhere and then I proceeded to laugh heartily ... buwahahahahaha ! XD 
Xbox 360 scratched-up my rented copy of \Bioshock 2\ " ... I need to get some Brasso Metal Polish to fix the scratches now .... fun fun ! :D " 
Is off to read the Driver's < PROPMALE > ! * whoosh ! * 
I was just in the zone with playing Bioshock 2 , holy crap , I had no idea how much time flew by ... Very close to finishing though . 
had a great day at the beach , now it's time for him to do a little more work 
Music helped me work through my < PROPFEMALE > style long form ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ) today , kinda cool , probably will do it again sometime . 
I just made the best decision I've made in a while , haha , it feels good . 
Putting the peanut butter back in the refrigerator , and the blackberry jelly back into the cupboard . 
Starting today , I'm going to cut my usage of unnecessary technology for a week , this means social networking sites , television , video games , and MP3 Players . I'll see how it goes . Should be refreshing . 
Dropped Math-111 and decided to take Ethics . Didn't want to deal with the stress of a 5-hour math , especially when I'm already taking A&P 232 . 
I'm on a boat , like a boss , on a lazy sunday . 
No matter how times I look into the clear night sky , I'm always amazed . 
Does anybody know where I could go to get free massages ? Like any naturopathic schools perhaps ? 
is cheating on his comfortable bed with his Anatomy & Physiology homework . Don't tell his bed , it doesn't know , shhhhh ! 
has a lady on his mind ... haha , that doesn't mean his brain , because if a person were to literally be on his brain , it would be smashed , and essentially be pudding . This was just a clarification in case anybody was confused :P 
Has a real motivation to get his license now ( It's definitely a motivation that he can't shake ) . But in the meantime , he'll be busy with an Ethics final and studying for his A&P 232 Midterm 
is listening to K'naan , and can't believe he hasn't heard this stuff before . 
is pondering on conducting an experiment with his music , getting rid of all of his lyrical music , he thinks he'll give it a go . 
is feeling overwhelmed at the moment ... 
can never go wrong with listening to some < PROPFIRST > Satriani 
realizes that for everything that is happening to him , he willingly chooses the path he heads down through . He always has a choice , not matter the circumstance . Do we sometimes let ourselves become coerced and therefore \convinced\ " by possible pre-conceived negative consequences of an action we take or are we convinced that everything is on a pre-determined schedule ? It's your choice to decide which . " 
Without Googling or using another type of search engine , do you know what your First Amendment rights are ? A function at school today , although the point there was blatantly obvious , made me realize how scary it is that some people do not know what their rights are and how easily they can be traded away for something that is only temporary . Do you use that First Amendment or do you take it for granted ? 
Next year , around July 17th , I plan on participating in a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Chuan Form and Push-hands tournament on the East Coast , should be an exciting experience ! Lots of training from here on out , haha . 
and that's the way the cookie crumbles , all we are is dust in the wind , anyway the wind blows doesn't really matter to me , to me . 
The only moment I have is \now \"" 
this class seems like 3 classes rolled into one ..... 
is making an inane Facebook posting . 
Decided to pass over Karate today to do some work around the house , and the homework as well . 
There's a duty to something that is bigger than ourselves ( our origin ) for sake of it in-itself and then there are obligations to others that we think we \required\ " to fulfill to avoid an unpleasant circumstance . Is doing something out of fear a good motivator or is it going to take us somewhere where we really don't belong ? " 
thinks his nephew < PROPFIRST > is an awesome little dude :) 
is very glad that his Friday night/ Saturday class is over . 
is still recovering from being sick from what he got on Friday , and is doing homework , but it feels like he is on autopilot at the moment . < PROPFIRST>'s coherency isn't here at the moment , please leave a message after the tone , beeeeeeep . 
New ones drift in , and old ones sometimes drift away ... That's just the way it is . Let it be . 
is still sick ... maybe might see a doctor about it ? 
sometimes there are songs that remind you of people that you wish you could forget ... But hell , this song is good regardless of that association . 
by crazy-random-happenstance , when I got to the library to return CDs , I ran into < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , we all < PROPMALE > out and it was a pretty cool time . 
today will be eventful to say the least , haha . 
Just has to say that his weekend kicked ass 
Let it be ... 
will get a new phone tomorrow , since charge-port on current phone is non-functional . 
is the mood for some Metal , hell yeah . 
is cozying up with \On The Genealogy of Moral & Ecce Homo\ " by Friedrich Nietzche on a Sunday afternoon .... " 
I accidentally showed up to classes five hours early ... my bad , lol . 
It's always Spring term that seems the most stressful , I almost want to take a break from school . I just want to find a job and focus on the things that are important to me . For me , my schooling doesn't seem to have any direction for me ... I don't know why I'm going to school ... 
My guitar gently weeps 
spent 6 hours straight cleaning , it's been a while ... yikes 
can almost play the F-chord , he was amazed when he heard it sound crisp and clean from his acoustic guitar . 
is using the Wii for Facespace , I mean Facebase , I mean Ace of Fades , I mean Facebrook , or book . :D 
To make a long story short , I feel sorry for the kid who could eventually have a father like that ... It goes to show that stupid people are breeding uncontrollably , I'd say , we turn them into a renewable food resource , kind of Soylent Green , and then at least we would solve two problems : world hunger and overpopulation . 
I will be finished with one final in 13 hours , then one Monday , and then one on Tuesday ... freedom is sight , I just don't need to get ahead of myself right now . 
Having an awesome time studying for last A&P lab exam , w00t ! 
just wishes he could sleep on his A&P book and absorb all the things he needs to know for his final exam ... In fact , that would be a pretty bitchin ' super power . 
' s train-of-thought has left the station , and his coherency has left the airport , he wonders when the next train or plane will arrive .... hmmmm ? < PROPFIRST > is currently working on his Ethics final , and smells freedom up ahead he's almost done ,.... or that may just be Chinese food he smells . Anywho , both are awesome . 
Well , that was interesting , lol . 
Is enjoying a homework-free break . 
is down at the < PROPFEMALE > Parade with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > . 
Found a way to make some cash with the guitar , and that doesn't mean selling it . 
found out he has passed Anatomy & Physiology 232 with a C . And he thinks that is awesome . He also believes that he'll redo the A&P class ' that he gets C's in after finishing the third and final class in the A&P sequence ( 233 ) , which would mean this course he has just finished is included . 
Just got back from hanging out with a friend he hasn't seen in a while . Good times . 
Wonders what places are hiring in the Portland- area . He also thinks that suggestions of where to look would be awesome . Anyone want to give < PROPFIRST > a suggestion ? 
is on the new notebook , which will be his after the replacement hard drive gets installed into the old laptop . 
is thinking about the possibility of transferring to PSU ... maybe . 
realizes he has to make some sacrifices before he can do his own thing 
thought today was an interesting one , and thought it ended on a pretty good note . 
thinks it's a good day and it won't go to waste . 
just finished with landscaping work at the Library . Good day to do it too . 
just sang \That's What You Get\ " by Paramore on Rock Band 2 . He's rocking the power of his ultra-falsetto voice ( girly-man sound ) . Oh yeah ! " 
has considered it to be one hell of day , and now he's just pondering away ... 
Is getting the strings replaced on his steel-string acoustic-electric guitar . Finally , lol . 
just finished a late-night 3.6 mile run , and is feeling pretty electric . 
Is doing some landscaping work at Ledding Library in Milwaukie . Beautiful day to do it too . 
thinks it's just better to jump all the way in rather than test the waters with his foot . Ha , he was in a pool , no philosophy there :P 
needs to remind himself to get his cell phone charger he left over at his friend < PROPFIRST>'s place after his shift at the library tomorrow , a note-to-self , so to speak :P lol 
found a way to shift from the e-minor chord to the F < PROPMALE > chord a lot more easily . Awesome ... lol . He's such a nerd :P 
' s ride to his evening < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Chuan class is out of town for the week . Lame ... but solo practice won't be bad . 
found out he got second-degree burns on both of his shoulders ... 
is wondering why the hell he hasn't been listening to < PROPMALE > Kravitz sometime sooner . 
They come and go 
has decided to learn about edible insect and plantlife , should be interesting . Yes , that would mean eating bugs :P They're a < PROPMALE > and plentiful food source , so why not ? 
is listening to some < PROPMALE > Miller . Good times 
just needs some self-time today , just way too much running around lately . 
is having a coffee withdrawal , ugh .... maybe some playing some guitar might be distracting enough . 
Captain's Log : Stardate : July 9th of the year 2010 : I release that have a lotta shit to do today ... 
is planning a 40-mile biking/camping trip . He just needs to gather supplies , and determine a destination for the trip . It should be fun :) 
Grasp Sparrow's Tail 
is wondering why Tuesday and Thursday's can't be less busy ? 
Admittedly feels a little sad that he won't get to see a good friend of his for a while . 
will be going to Rockfest 2010 to see Sevendust !.... and oh yeah , a few other bands , haha XD 
thinks he'll be doing a late-night run , nice weather to do it . 
just got back from my friend < PROPFIRST>'s place , had dinner , and played some Rockband 2 with < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . Good times . 
just now finished burying a oppossum that was killed by something other than a car and left in the road to die yesterday .... Poor little guy . 
Might be getting a current Oregon ID , woot ! 
thinks points of view are akin to different strengths levels of prescription lenses for glasses . 
Just listened to some live music by an awesome local band \The Dry County Crooks . \ " Check out their website at www.drycountycrooks.com " 
will be doing some work around the house today .... yup ! 
is deciding between Toy Story 3 or Inception ... a tough call . 
\The more the light shines through me\ 
will most likely have fun going to the Someday Lounge on 125 NW 5th Ave in Portland , OR to watch a couple of friends doing a show around 8PM 
gots some shtuff to finish before tonight's festivities ... 
is going to watch some Zombieland . Should be good . 
\Time to nut up or shut up ! \ " -Tallahassee . Currently < PROPFIRST>'s favorite quote . " 
is in the mood for some Audioslave . It'll always be one of his favorite bands . He just wishes they didn't disband so soon . 
Pointless Facebook Status :D 
Is thinking about putting a band together once he acquires a little more musical experience under his belt . 
will be seeing Toy Story 3 with the nephew today , should be fun . 
Once fully grown and operational , my sideburns will be able to eat small children and destroy planets . That is all for this status updates . 
Thinks an inspiration to create a song is a-coming along . 
realizes that \friends\ " that actively ignore you really are not \ " Friends\ " .... What an amazing discovery . " 
has packing to do for the trip with the family . But while his family is leaving for the beach tomorrow for 3 weeks , < PROPFIRST > gets to have a 1-week vacation of family-free relaxation , and then he'll be at the beach . He'll have to resist the urge to throw some crazy parties , but he thinks it can be done . 
Thinks that shopping at Winco is like navigating through a jungle . 
thinks if our mind is the creator of the gigantic boulder that we see in front of us , our mind must feel pretty heavy , don't you think ? If so , why don't we allow our mind to loosen its grip that it has on the boulder and let it fall away ? 
is wondering how changing time signatures changes the sound of a piece of music ? 
Is listening to a great guitarist at Pioneer Courthouse Square . 
thinks he wants to invest in an Ibanez electric guitar and some brand of Amplifier as well . 
Is waiting outside for meteor shower 
scratch the last comment 
Friggatriskaidekaphobia : The fear of \Friday the 13th \"" 
I've just realized something today when I was talking to some dude at the Oregon City TC . I have become too comfortable with not finding a job , to be honest , my motivation to find a job has pretty low lately . I acknowledge it and it's a problem that needs to be fixed . I'll definitely need some help from friends and even friendly acquaintances to light a fire underneath me to keep me motivated . 
thinks it a damn beautiful morning . < PROPFIRST > just finished up some meditation , now he's eating a bowl of < PROPFEMALE > Nut Cheerios , listening to The Bravery , finishing packing up minor things for the 2 week trip , and just being < PROPFIRST > . 
got 1 hour of sleep doing last minute preparations for the 2 week Cannon Beach trip , because of that , has a case of excess fatigue . But he's finally here , so it was kinda worth it . 
You don't always have to be nice to be a good person . 
is filling out his resume , after that , working on cover letters , reviewing interviewing tips , and other stuff to help with finding , getting & keeping a job . 
Thinks MTV is brainwashing the youth of < PROPFEMALE > into becoming mindless fucktards ... 
: The < PROPFEMALE > is my flashlight on the beach . 
has a plan , and it is a sound plan at that . 
It's an inspiration that can't be ignored . 
is aspiring to play as well as the late , < PROPFIRST > Hedges . That means < PROPFIRST > needs to study some Jazz and Acoustic guitar , and a lot of Music theory as well . He has work cut out for him , that's for sure . 
Nothing to lose , everything to gain . 
And it goes by the name of \liquid courage . \"" 
is feeling frustation with a song he's working on , but he guesses that's it only a matter of time when becomes less difficult . 
O-Nami : Great Wave 
: Why the fuck do I always freeze up when I want to say something to her ? Damn , it's very frustrating . I believe it's \foot-in-mouth\ " disorder .... " 
Thinks there's something off about that rectangular Sop sign . 
It's only a matter of time , and time is but an illusion of the senses . 
is a tuckered-out little guy apparently ... 
is coming back from the coast after 2 weeks .... Thank the Almighty Force . 
: No matter how attractive the past may be , it's not worth losing sight of the present moment . 
Needs to find a way to drum up a few references for the resume after he has done some job research . 
had a very thorough upper body workout , which left < PROPFIRST > thoroughly tired , haha . Tomorrow will be lower body workout . He's up for it . 
Has a lot of reading for Anatomy & Physiology to accomplish today . 
wonders what it would be like if he could go to the Berklee College of Music .... Extremely awesome , he supposes . Although finances will be an issue , he'll be attending that college sometime in the future , that's a guarantee . 
Thinks not being able to go to sleep would be great , if it were not for the fact that he would feel like shit the next day :D 
had an awesome day hanging out with his pal , < PROPFIRST > , today . Watched some live music , some of the bands included : Sevendust , Shinedown ( < PROPFIRST > wishes he could actually see them in concert now ) , Dir En Gray ( although < PROPFIRST > can't speak a word of Japanese , he'll give them a try ) , 10 Years , Deadsy , Flyleaf , Stone Sour , Korn , and can't remember anymore beyond that , haha . Oh yeah , he had his fair share of pizza as well , kickass 
is brain-dead after doing some A&P reading . Some guitar playing a little later on will help with the resurrection of his brain . 
Took the day \very\ " easy today . A lazy day is good once in a while . " 
asks , \why not ? \"" 
is almost done fixing the laptop problem ... and using another computer at the moment . 
Thinks caffeine withdrawals feel like hangovers , minus the drinking of alcohol , same feeling though . But it's worth it to ween away from it . 
Who can it be now ? 
' s phone froze up after taking a photo . He guesses his good looks might have just overwhelmed it . It's understandable . 
realizes that he may be a huge Mumford & Sons fan now ... it's really high quality musicianship . 
is thinking about the possibilities of hitchhiking across the US , haha .... but seriously . 
: The truth lies beneath the lies , nothingness lies beneath the truth , within the nothingness , there lies somethingness . One in the same , yet not at all . 
Are the dreams reflections of our life ? Or is this life a reflection of our dreams that can unconsciously influence us within the depth of sleep ? Maybe the same 
might just go see Lotus on October 30th , getting the tickets are the first step , haha . 
: If passive-aggressiveness had a face , I'd kick it in the balls . If a person can't be straightforward about something , why would they bother ? 
is listening to some awesome bucket and bongo drumming on a street corner in downtown P-town . 
thinks it going to be another one of those school terms , damn .... 
Thinks people who lack < PROPFEMALE > tend to be deficient in subtlety as well . Some of them never bother to aware of this . Well , if that's there decision , so be it 
Information fed to our minds is as important as the food fed to our physical body . Information is just like food , too much or too little can be harmful to us 
at the moment , just feels like saying \I have no idea what the **** I'm doing ! \ " I'm pretty sure you can relate to this from time to time . " 
Feels like his brain was punched by a man gone insane . 
Flashes of insight cut through my unconsciousness like blinding steel . Hopefully , I won't need stitches later . 
: I just get a good warm feeling when I'm playin ' the good ole guitar . One of the best feelings in the world . 
woke up to a beautiful morning , it's going to be a good day . 
: My mind is stretched between many-a-thing , studying simultaneously for a Nutrition exam and Anatomy & Physiology exam is the least fun of them . Luckily though , here and there are pleasant thoughts of distraction . My brain would be in awesome shape if it could get some rest , haha ... yeah . 
: Sometimes certainty needs uncertainty to balance itself out . 
: Too many damn things going on , some of them good ( forming new social relationships between fellow students ) and some of them stressful ( studying for an A&P Exam , for which the material comprehension comes and go ) . Sensory overload's going to cause me to crack like an egg if I can't learn to balance these things . Speaking of which , hopefully I won't be a modern day retelling of poor ole Humpty Dumpty , the egg ... ugh ! 
: To keep it short , it was a great day :) 
And now for a little break ... ( sigh of relief ) 
: I cleaned my whole room to find my cell phone only to find out that it was in the backyard :P Well , hey , my living quarters are clean now , no complaints about that . 
: I feel like I'm waiting for something that won't arrive ... 
: I already had it all along ... say what ? 
Would anyone be interested in going to see Circa Survive , November 9th at the Wonder Ballroom , with the show starting at 7PM ? That'll be on a Tuesday . I'll be going for sure , just seeing if anyone else would be interested in joining . :) 
Somebody told me that I dropped my smile , and then I proceeded to look for it , haha XD I found it pretty quick afterwards . 
: Would you dare to be daring in non-daring ? I dare you . 
is troubled on how to start his Oral Report on Coronary Artery Disease . But it'll get going , no worries there . 
: You know it ! w00t w00t ! 
: Happy Halloween everybody ! Have a scary one ! :D 
\Life's like a Jump Rope ! \"" 
: What a beautiful night ! I can only imagine what it looks like in the po-dunk , boony areas of Oregon , lol 
: A good friend really helped me sort some thoughts , feeling a lot better about things . 
had an awesome time at his friend , < PROPMALE>'s , birthday party . Good times dude , woot woot ! 
Almost done with the speech for my A&P presentation ... close to the finish line . 
I < PROPMALE > out with some awesome friends today , ate a few crickets ( they were too dry ) , then when I got home , a bird flew into the house and we had to catch it , good times . Almost finished with the speech as well ! Right now , listening to some classic < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > tunes , great music to put me in a good mood . 
Me go slam finger in door = **** ! 
I'm thankful for all the awesome people that I've met this term of school . It has made the term that much more enjoyable :D 
I'm considering ESL training as an option to be able to go and teach English in places like Japan , < PROPFEMALE > , Korea & etc . Hopefully , I could continue my martial arts training in a place like < PROPFEMALE > or Japan , that would be quite something right there . 
Studying .... oddly enough , can be relaxing at times . 
I haven't felt this burnt-out in quite some time ... :/ 
Why are so many of us concerned about \life after death\ " when so many of us tend to be oblivious to \ " living life during life\ " ? It's a thought I came across ... " 
I'm going through withdrawals without my acoustic guitar , Haha , sad , but true , I've became attached to it in a certain sense . I took it into Guitar Center on Friday to put some new Elixir strings on it , ( really good strings from what I hear ) and upon inspection , the guitar repair dude discovered my back-brace was coming loose , good thing I got it checked out though . I just wish it wasn't taking so damn long :( 
Brain = very tired . This Music Fundamentals homework is quite a mental workout ... 
Current song : \Give Me A Novacaine\ " by Green Day " 
Probably no < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > class starting at 9AM , but will there be Kung Fu at 11AM ? Hmmmm ... 
< PROPFEMALE > up the phone , there's no one home ... 
Are bass-ackward and idiosyncratic philosophies reliable ? Nah , I prefer to try make sense of them and straighten them out so they at least become ass-backwards 
Happy lots-of-food-day ( a.k.a. Thanksgiving) ! 
Spicy food make < PROPFIRST > tummy hurt , ugh ! Why did he listen to his friend's dare ? Haha ... Spicy food : +2 Courage , -2 intelligence 
My mind is thinking in Chess patterrns 
Craaaayp , I just realized that I can't be in two places at once tomorrow , yikes ! 
I spent too much time worrying about things this term that shouldn't have been terribly big issues , and some of my grades reflect that . Secondly , I realize that the time to myself is just as important as spending it with others . Third , no more trying to break my back for people , I won't be able to help others if I end up becoming a paraplegic in the process :P 
If everything goes according to plan , by Spring term , I'll be finished with pre-reqs to be able to finally apply for the RN program Fall Term ; and this upcoming Summer term ( right before Fall ) , I will be getting my Associates of Arts Transfer Degree . :D 
Excuses , they can feel about as good as a punch in the face , joy . 
If we are everything we see and everyone we know and vice versa , is there really an individual self to cling to ? If this were true , I am speaking as you . 
Being sick has made me feel like I've been repeatedly punched in the stomach , luckily it'll pass . 
Having a late night dinner at < PROPFEMALE>'s while reading Friedrich Nietzsche's \Beyond Good and Evil . \ " I think pie is in order . Just feels like a good time to me :) " 
Making gifts feels so much more rewarding than just buying expensive electronic toys and gadgets for people . 
Taking a break from using my cell phone seems like a good plan today And today , I am need to get a new frame for a painting I made for someone . When I was cleaning the glass cover of smudges , it didn't shatter , it only snapped in half , dang . If I glued it back together it would just look tacky . 
Eh , it's a regular occurrence , I misplaced my phone two days ago somewhere in the house and can't seem to find the damn thing . But , I have been making good use of less distractions by working on a few songs , they're actually coming along quite well . 
Water-coloring painting , it's not an < PROPMALE > for the impatient XD That's for sure ... 
Christmas went quite well , everyone was quite impressed with the gifts that I made and bought for them , especially the water-color paintings that I had done for some of them . My nephew < PROPFIRST > was especially ecstatic when he got the shark painting I made for him . So , all in all , a good day . :) 
The workout I had yesterday and having no coffee today has pretty much shut down my brain for the time being . Sleepy time now , lol :D 
Damn , I have three things that I'm invited that are all going on at the same time , so hard to decide ... 
When I got more than half way to my bus , I realized there was a huge hole in my shoe when the bottom of my foot started to get wet ... It's cold . 
I downloaded a few \Legend of Zelda\ " soundtracks for some inspiration for my current musical endeavor . " 
If my math homework had a face , I would kick it in the balls . 
Portlandia = Awesome show , nuff said . 
Something dawned on me , I tend to be a little lazy at keeping in touch with my friends . They sometimes drift away from me because I take them for granted . I apologize to those of you who might have felt that I've ignored you , I become a little too complacent at being stuck in my own little world at times . It'll take some effort , but I definitely need to keep my social network in a healthy condition . It's worth it :P 
A personal goal of mine is get 8 hours of sleep a night for now on , no matter how much work that I thought I did or did not do . The sleep deprivation is doing quite a number on my mental alertness . The days of pulling crazy all-nighters are behind me ... 
Due to things that I hear about , from here and there , from a friend or two . I'm thinking about brushing up on Wilderness Survival skills , some wood-crafting , and most definitely working on my martial arts , among other things . 
\Wrap me in a bolt of Lightnin ' ... \"" 
We get the grades , to get the pay , and to buy things that shouldn't have a price tag on them in the first place . We pay debts , only to fall right back into them . What is the point of money if it will never be enough to be satisfied ? When did the cycle of stupidity start ? When will it end ? 
Here's a thought : Music is not just about creating pre-arranged noise , it's about how well that noise can complement the silence in between . 
Band of Horses : It's not everyone's cup of guava-infused , non-alcoholic vodka tea , but they're an example of how great music can be extremely simple . 
Finally got the new laptop battery charger I've been needing for a while . 
We are all droplets of water that cause ripples in the pond . No matter how small the action , it can affect someone on the other side . Actions are not isolated . 
I need a second opinion from people who actually play the guitar : Should I replace my strings if there is a noticeable sign of discoloration at the top of the strings ( near the head of the guitar ) , but are in fairly new-looking condition everywhere else from there on ? 
After busting a string in an attempt to change out the strings on this instrument , I applaud the people who can do this easily , haha . 
“You're all a bunch of fuckin ' slaves ! ” - < PROPMALE > Morrison : Saying the stuff that needed to be said . Damnit ! This generation needs another rebel , we're becoming too conditioned with this monotonous and homogeneous culture . 
At the Murder By Death show , it's going to be freaking awesome ! 
And yes ! The Murder By Death show , as expected was crazy-awesome ! I can't wait to see them again ! 
Are we just brainless cogs in the machine ? In this society , are we truly free ? Or have we become , subconsciously of course , indentured slaves ? 
In Soviet Russia , \sometimes the line walks you . \"" 
Chopsticks Express serves much better food than Panda Express . All Panda Express sells is industrialized Chinese food . Panda Express is exactly like McDonald's . 
In an attempt to regain my < PROPMALE > vocabulary and speaking ability , I'll be using this FB in < PROPMALE > for a while , should interesting . 
I wouldn't have known friends I know and I wouldn't have experienced the things I have experienced if I didn't make the choices . I'm where I need to be , for now 
Sir < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , makes me proud of the Scotish side of me . What's the point in living if we forfeit everything we believe in and the meaning sthey have ? 
Man , I hate having Gandolf as my teacher , he's always telling me \You shall not pass ! \ " What a douchey teacher indeed . " 
Are there really such things as accidents ? Or is there a lesson to be noticed and learned ? 
\Mein Teil \"- by Rammstein . It's a song that is seriously making me consider going on a vegetarian diet . " 
Dream Theater , oh how my ears have missed you ... 
Well , today , I have three Finals in a row , but then I'll be done with all of them as well . 
With everything that's going on over that one island country ( you most likely know where ) , it's really feeling as if everything there is happening here in the U.S. Technically it's not , but still , we're all in the same boat and we feel all the same ripples in the water . I can't say that my inconvienences are any more in important . Everyone is a mirror onto ourselves , and vice versa . 
Just had to say , pretty awesome way to end St. < PROPFEMALE>'s day 
Lately , I've been listening to a lot of < PROPFEMALE > folk music lately , I'm not sure what < PROPFIRST > me to it , lol . Perhaps because I'm < PROPFEMALE > :P haha 
Doing some Kung Fu and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > at the park ( the one next to Oaks Park ) and an awesome day to do it as well . 
The past is a fragmented memory with imagination filling in the gaps . 
Taking these online courses really cuts down on the commute , I think it's going to be a good term :) 
Even though I may spout out quotes , I sometimes I consume more than I digest , that's something I should pay attention to . 
With all of this Zen Buddhism material that I'm reading , of course I do my daily meditation practice to help still my mind and get a slight grasp of what I'm learning , but despite that , I need to look for teachers to help me sort this stuff out . I don't mean teachers who have me rely on their own pre-packaged answers to my questions , but teachers who can guide me and encourage me to find the answers for myself . 
I know this may be considered an assumption as well , but I was rushed out of a convenience store because I was apparently taking too long , they lost a customer . 
It's one of those beautiful starry nights when I wish sleep wasn't a biological necessity ... 
If stuff goes well , I'll be going to OHSU next year . 
