Goodbye vacation :( It's been fun and I'll miss you desperately . 

Work is lame ... 
Time for my annual Facebook update ! See ya'll in a year , lol ! 
Thought today was Tuesday but it's not !!!!! Feel like I won the lottery ! 
Where's my weekend ?!?!? 
Ugh ... work is boring . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . 
is happy to report that the bathroom has been scrubbed ... day over !!!! 
Vegas !!!!!! I'm desperately in need of my vacation . 
Yay for Fridays !!! Heading to the beach to take my niece to the zoo ... 
:( sick ... big thank you shout out to my family :P 
I wish I could just fast forward the next 24 hours ... except the Project Runway part , of course . :) Yay for < PROPFEMALE > day !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
moviefest 09 w/ my < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I think enough time has passed ... let the weekend countdown begin !!! Just three more days , just three more days ... 
Five hours and thirty-three minutes to go !!! I'm sooo ready to hibernate for the next two days . 
Woke up at 7:30 and said , \no way . \ " Went back to sleep and didn't get up till 10:30 ... If only every day was Saturday . :) " 
gratz , mr. prez ! 
and , happy Friday to all ! 
fully enjoying the upside to the subjugation and genocide of an indigenous population 
should have gone with my gut instinct and ditched work today ... having an allergic reaction to something at my desk to the point where I had to take one contact out , can't concentrate and my soup sucks ! booooo !!! 
Twenty-nine minutes and 40 seconds to go ... 
decided against the reunion ... no hard feelings folks but i'm just too lazy to drive there . it's looking like it's gonna be scary movie and caramel apple night with < PROPFEMALE > instead . 
From < PROPFEMALE>'s friend Kim : For everyone who prefers the former FB layout ... there is an easy fix ... on the menu at the top left , click on MORE , then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top , above NEWS FEED . After dragging to the top , click on it .... That becomes your default and HOME is like before . 
Happpppy Friday ! 3 hours , 55 mins to go ! 
and this is why i could never live in va ... 
wants to go home and enjoy the storm ... 
OC people ... anyone home for the holiday and wanna < PROPFEMALE > out sometime this weekend ( or over xmas) ? esp those of you i haven't seen in years- i still have reunion-ditching guilt 
this has been the day from hell . what do i have to do to get someone to just put me out of my misery ? 
tonight , i got to have chipotle and watch lost and tomorrow i get to sleep in ... ahhhhh :) 
had a fantastic snow day but not lookin forward to digging my car out tomorrow . it's in a 3ft drift and we're still getting snow . 
burned 1181 calories shoveling 334 cubic ft of snow for two very long hours . now i'm off to have two cups of hot chocolate and at least 10 marshmallows while watching something stupid on tv . :) 
Fed govt is closed !!! Yay for snow days ! 
happy early new year to all . i'm hella sick and goin to bed . drink and make out for me 
ok , everyone , let's cross our fingers for enough snow in the dc area tonight to afford a two-hour delay tomorrow . what's up with all these weekend whiteouts ? no good at all ! 
i got hacked :( pls ignore the ad you got from me 
yay for snow days ! 
ok ... so i'm not really a < PROPFIRST > fan but how the hell did < PROPMALE > manage to buy another week after the mess that he made on the runway ? that was unbelievable 
Hoping that I'll wake up and it will be Friday ... 
Hurray for the weekend ! Now I just have to clean house , get some groceries , cook for the week , try to get some exercise ... or , plop my ass down on the couch ? :S 
Happy Friday everybody !!!!!! It's about time , huh ? 
plopped down a security deposit on my new place ! yay for livin on my own ! 
had really good day :) hope everyone had a nice weekend ! 
I heart < PROPFEMALE > White 
My annual meeting is over !!! To all of those who I've been ignoring- I'm so sorry . :( Stand by for answers to your emails . 
All settled in at my new place ... only two boxes to go and then I'm allowed to hit the pool !!!! 
Thanks for all the well wishes !!! It's been a great birthday ! :) 
Hotttttttt :( 
Bored !!! 
Finally got my cable/internet back after two full days without ! I was this close to catatonia but everything is now right in my world . :) 
Hellooooo weekend !!! :) 
Happy today !!!! Had a great night last night and am heading to the beach for a long weekend and lots of time with my doodlebug ! =) 
Gleeeeeeeee ! 
Oh , Sunday ... I miss you already . 
is same-gender loving and there are 7 days until National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/9OhWUI . 
is same-gender loving and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/9OhWUI . 
is same-gender loving and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/9OhWUI . 
Should've played hooky today ... 
ahh Facebook . Just got a friend request from a woman who worked with my mom 15+ yrs ago who I probably met 4 times ... when I was about 12 . Now I'm forced into being rude b/c I never liked her in the first place and can't bring myself to confirm her . wtf 
Obligatory Voting Reminder : Don't be a tool , voting is ... awesome ! 
swf iso someone to rip out my spine cause i herniated my disc ... for the second time in six months . :( 
Vacation !!!!!!! 
Cold :( 
Kittens , adorable . Lunch with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , great . Oatmeal chocolate chip cookie from Potbelly's , delicious . Black Swan , incredible . Chinese for dinner , yummmm . Saturday , awesome . :) 
Had a nice xmas and a great time last night at Fager's- so good to see hs gang again . Looks like I'll be slummin it in OC for a bit longer cause I'm snowed in with the fam . 10 inches and counting ! 
helloooooo weekend ! 
cut the terrible two's claws for the first time and none of us is bleeding !!! i think that's enough chores for the day :) 
Just when I thought I couldn't love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > any more ... 
So many cool people in DC and I only ever run into the Axis of Evil leadership . First , McCain , < PROPMALE > Powell and DeLay . Today : < PROPFEMALE > muthaf*ckin Palin . In my cheap local sandwich shop of all places . BTW , she wears a puffy faux-leather lined white hiplength coat that is way better suited for the Jersey Shore than Capital Hill . 
looks like 5 inches already and i'm thinkin snow day tomorrow . hell yes 
getting the cats fixed has been the worst experience ever . fml 
ugh . too much dinner , so i sacked out on the couch and then the little man decides that it would be a good idea to take a flying leap and land the full force of his eight lbs on my tummy . bad < PROPFEMALE > . 
looking for things to do that don't involve football , eating or hanging out with kittens . i'd ask for ideas but you're probably all watching the damn game ... 
just keep swimming ... just keep swimming ... 
Ugh . Even Glee can't make Bieber sound good . 
Taking the plunge and getting a smart phone . Would love to hear model likes/dislikes from people w/ Verizon ... Help a chick out ? :) 
people are so annoying ( yes , my friends , even you ! ) . i wish i could migrate to a planet solely populated by puppies , kittens and unicorns ... 
terrible day ( week , life ) , want to sit on couch and catch up on dvr . come home , no power . stop playing yahtzee on my phone at ten to take a shower and go to bed . turn off shower , hear heat has kicked on . too tired to finally watch top chef . fail . 
the weekend is here ! let there be sunshine and rainbows ! 
How did I not know that Christian Bale is British ? Weird . 
mmmm ... lickin cake batter out of the bowl :) 
Oh iPhone , you're going to waste so much of my time :) 
Well at least the torture of having to watch < PROPFEMALE > Paltrow sing was eased by the awesomeness of < PROPFIRST > stamos leading the\ 
Celibacy club in a rousing rendition of afternoon delight 
Goddess help me ... I've got an idol crush . Does it get any lamer than this ? 
Just had to send a \Welcome to our membership ! \ " email to someone in one of the earthquake/tsunami affected areas of Japan . Awkward . " 
forgot about st. paddy's day and wore green to work . ugh . i hate looking festive . 
Taught the cat to play fetch . Totally awesome . 
