And when it rains You always find an escape Just running away From all of the ones who love you From everything You made yourself a bed at the bottom Of the blackest hole ( blackest hole ) And you'll sleep till May You'll say that you don't want to see the 

I ? pathological liars they are the best :D 
Is learning how to play the Bass . Man my fingers hurt . 
Second chances they don't ever matter , People never change Once a whore , you're nothing more , I'm sorry , that'll never change And about forgiveness , We're both supposed to have exchanged , I'm sorry < PROPFEMALE > but I'm passing up , Now look this way . 
Let's have some fun , This beat is sick , I wanna take a ride on your disco stick , Don't think too much just bust that < PROPMALE > , I wanna take a ride on your disco stick . 
I've been told that somethings I remeber from my past are not true . But does that mean the things I've done in my past are not really ? 
Frist I apply to a couple of place and they make up silly excuses why they don't need me working there , secondly my pay check is less then its suppose to be so now i can't go to Maine ( agine ) , next my phone gets ran over and now i need a new one but i hav 
Cute and cuddly , boys . Cute and cuddly . - Skipper 
I'll seek you out , Flay you alive , One more word and you won't survive , And I'm not scared of your stolen power , I see right through you any hour , I won't soothe your pain , I won't ease your strain , You'll be waiting in vain , I got nothing for you to gain 
Good mornin ' , Good mornin'! We've talked the whole night through , Good mornin ' Good mornin ' to you . Good mornin ' , good mornin'! It's great to stay up late , Good mornin ' , good mornin ' to you . :) 
I really haven't been on a bike for about 7 years and I think that today my over 12 mile ride makes up for it . 
I don't know what I want , I don't know what I'm looking for but it seems every time you leave me , I'm always beging you for more . Hmmm sounds like I've got a new song started . 
I don’t know what’s right and what’s real anymore I don’t know how I’m meant to feel anymore When do you think it will all become clear ? 
Wishin there was someone layin next to me because went there is I fall asleep faster than a baby that was just bathed in lavender . 
Psst hey you wanna make out ? Hahaha thats what she said 
Soy muy , muy cansado pero yo no puedo dormir sin usted próximo a mí . :( 
YEAH !!!!!!! Yankee Homecoming . :) 
I feel stressed out , I wanna let it go , Let's go way out spaced out , And loosing all control , Fill up my cup , Mozoltov , Look at her dancing Just take it off , Let's paint the town , We'll shut it down , Let's burn the roof And then we'll do it again , Let's Do i 
Missing my ladybug and redhead . :( 
is thinking about a boy 
Is seriously think about becoming a bartender . 
Sorry she forgot to call you and misses you . 
Painting and listening to Aqua . :) 
is ? in the thunderstorm :) 
I lose myself in all these fights ; I lose my sense of wrong and right . I cry , I cry . I'm Shaking from the pain that's in my head . I just want to crawl into my bed and throw away the life I led . But I won't let it die . But I won't let it die . 
Is so being Disney's new < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for Halloween . :D 
Hating my stupid allergies right now and off to play practice soon . This is the ONLY reason I dislike Summer . FrikityFrackStupidDumbIHATEYOU allergies mumble mumble .... 
Needs to get her ass up to Maine ASAP 
REALLY REALLY wants to go to the Paramore concert in Boston in October 
REALLY loves her work :) 
Say what you need to say because you never know what tomorrow might hold . 
fuckin tired , reading then bed . Peace fuckers 
Fuck you , fuck you very very much cause we hate what you do and we hate your whole crew so please don’t stay in touch . Make my whole fuckin shit ass day so much fuckin better . ? Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? 
What if I wanted to break Laugh it all off in your face What would you do ? (Oh , Oh , Oh , Oh ) What if I fell to the floor Couldn't take this anymore What would you do , do , do ? Come , break me down Bury me , Bury me I am finished with you 
Yeah , the friends who stuck together We wrote our names in blood But I guess you can't accept that the change is good ( Hey ! ) It's good ( Hey ! ) It's good Well you treat me just like another stranger Well it's nice to meet you sir I guess I'll go I best be on my way out 
I think I'll pace my apartment a few times And fall asleep on the couch And wake up early to black and white re-runs That escaped from my mouth All I wanted was you All I wanted was you 
I'm going away for a while But I'll be back , don't try and follow me ' Cause I'll return as soon as possible See I'm trying to find my place But it might not be here where I feel safe We all learn to make mistakes 
You can't tell me to heal And , it hurts remembering How it felt to shut down You can't be too careful anymore When all that is waiting for you Won't come any closer 
And the worst part is Before it gets any better We're headed for a < PROPMALE > And in the free fall I will realize I'm better off when I hit the bottom . 
So you say it's not okay to be gay , Well , I think you're just evil , You're just some racist who can't tie my laces , Your point of view is medieval , Fuck you , fuck you very , very much , ' Cause we hate what you do , And we hate your whole crew , So please don't stay in touch . 
My head is spinning around , I wish I could make feet my touch the ground , As I float higher and higher , Passed the clouds and into the sky I realize I'm in my own little world , the stars fly around me , everything goes my way and nothing can be wrong . 
I never let love in so I could keep my heart from hurting , The longer that I live with this idea , the more I sink into this 4/4 beat , I'm in time with you 
Thinking positive :) 
To wear a dress or not to wear a dress that is the question ? 
Loves that some people we use to call family don't have the balls to tell you they really don't care . Don't message me or don't call me . Grow a set then I'll see if I wanna talk bitch . Can't believed I every called any of you family . To the ones that care sorry for swearing :) 
Sometimes it feels like a needle full of poison would feel better then this . Just strap down , I'm ready to go . 
And here we go again , With all the things we said , And not a minute spent , To think that we'd regret , So we just take it back , These words and hold our breath , Forget the things we swore we meant , I'll write you just to let you know , That I'm alright , Can't say I'm sad to see you go , Cause I'm not , No I'm not , Well I'm not . 
Yup your damn right , I am a \Smartass\ " . What are you going to do about it ? Be like HER and hit me ? Make sure you swing your hardest because I’m gonna keep on getting back up . " 
Leave my door open just a crack , Please take me away from here , ' Cause I feel like such an insomniac , Please take me away from here , Why do I tire of counting sheep , Please take me away from here , When I'm far too tired to fall asleep . 
Somewhere out there beneath the pale moonlight , Some little pug is thinking of me and loving me tonight . Somewhere out there , I am saying a prayer , That we'll find one another , In that big somewhere out there .... Can't wait to find that little puppie somewhere out there . Sniff sniff Oh how I miss < PROPFIRST > Brown :/ 
I <3 Fresh Hair Studio ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Yes , I <3 my footie pajamas . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas :) 
is safe and sound at Zo's house , But missing her mommy :/ 
OMFG IT SOOOO COLD OUTSIDE UP HERE IN MAINE BRRRRR . 
Chinese with the fam . then maybe down to the Grog for a drink . 
was just drinking orange juice when she thought this would taste way better with some vodak in it . Yumm :D 
I think for my next tattoo i'm going to get lyrics . :) 
maroon with pink and purple polka dots :) 
Grey today . Vacations pick out who your true friends are and who aren't worth your breath . To bad my best friends live in maine , while at least two of them . Missing Zoya and < PROPFIRST > . At least I only have 88 days :D 
lives in a < PROPFEMALE > tale , Somewhere too far for you to find , Forgotten the taste and smell , Of a world that she's left behind . 
I just want to roll out of bed and fall into another :) I love sleep . 
Back to school . Back to school , to prove to Dad that I'm not a fool . I got my lunch packed up , my boots tied tight , I hope I don't get in a fight . Ohhhh , back to school . Back to school . Back to school . Well , here goes nothing . :) 
Paramore is going to be in Atlantic City , New Jersey Friday , April 30th . Any takes ? < PROPFEMALE > ? :D 
NEEDS HELP !!!! Which class should I take this summer Chemistry or Biology ? 
If I'm a bad person , you don't like me . Well , I guess I'll make my own way . It's a circle , a mean cycle . I can't excite you anymore . Where's your gavel ? Your jury ? What's my offense this time ? You're not a judge but if you're gonna judge me . Well , sentence me to another life . 
Something that once felt like a dream now snaps right back to reality . Man the whiplash sucks . 
?? Working hard to get my fill , Everybody wants a thrill , Paying anything to roll the dice , Just one more time ?? 
???????????????????????????????????????? 
She's got both hands , in her pockets . And she wont look at you , Won't look at you . 
What Paramore and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ????? Totally want to go now . Check it out :) http://www.paramore.net/shows/ . Now all i need to do is find a job any job to save up for this ( hopefully ) . 
Really wishes she could find a job already :/ . 
Totally psyched !!!! Love this week :D 
Thank you everyone for your birthday wishes . It was the best birthday i've had in a long time . 
Needs to see two rock concerts and two Jazz concerts before May 9th . Does anyone Know of someplaces that have Jazz concerts ? And does anyone want to come with me ? 
Off to bed . Work in the morning , maybe we'll start recording , then class at night . A full day of fun tomorrow . 
Needs someone to go to a rock concert with her this thursday . Any takes ? Its at The Grog 9pm to 12:30 am . 
Going to a concert(by myself ) that The Grog and its only $5 . PSYCHED :D 
Hanging out with < PROPMALE > enjoying the rain . :) 
Getting a hair cut next week but doesn't know what to do with it ? Keep it as is , grow it out ? What ? 
Had fun with Tiger tonight . Even though he kicked my butt at bowling , he lost to yawning and great time for venting . Night 
Saving all her tips up so she can get a Pug some day . 
Can't wait to go to New York with Sistie so so PSYCHED !!!!! P.S. NVM my tips are so going for a GPS thingy for my car . 
Sistie and I are heading to New York to see < PROPFIRST > Poppin's we're Soooo excited . Yahooo 
Now in New Haven , CT . Halfway there . Just a little bit tired . 
Welcome to Manhattan , NY :) 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > from Will and Grace . Ahhh got a picture but he keep on trying to hide his face . 
Ugh the ride back is the only bad part of my day . Can't sleep . :/ 
Poetry , Final essay for english and 4 concert essays . Ahhhh !!!! Had so much fun in New York totally want to go again . 
Dear lord , Please tell me why do people have to be single-minded ? Why can't they just stop lying for at least 5 minutes ? Why can't they just leave me alone to live my own life ? It's not like they wanted me in their anymore . 
Left my phone home on my bed ; now it will\ 
have to wait for me till I get home . Oh man , I feel naked with out it . \ 
Please don't look at me . Dude ! Didn't I just say \ don't look at me\ " ? Jeezum crow !!!! " 
Is going to see Paramore , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , New Found < PROPFEMALE > and Kadawatha August 3 in Gilford , NH . Anyone want to come ? 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now , wish right now , wish right now . Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now , wish right now , wish right no . 
I'll go 25 in a 35 ; not just cuz I wanna but , cuz if you get any closer to the back of my car I swear even if you touch it , you'll regret it . Mkay < PROPMALE > ? Thank 
My tounge still has a little bit of a blue tint :) thanks < PROPFIRST > Vining 
Passed all of her classes . YEAH BOI ! 
So tired must stay awake . 
Worked 55.5 hours this week . So can't wait for those pay checks . 
Stop , talk , talk , talking that blah , blah , blah . 
Spilt a full bucket of gross mop water at work and it went EVERYWHERE . OMG it was so funny . Don't worry no one and nothing got hurt , but my sides from laughing so hard . 
Going to sign up for a summer class . Blah ! Well at least I'm getting them out of the way YAY ! 
Just slammed my left hand in the car door . Holy crap my fingers hurt . :/ I hope this day gets better not worst . 
Mmmmm bed here I come . Look out below . 
3 classes down , 6 more to go and then I graduate . Hell yeah spring 2011 here I come . So stoked :D 
Super Surprised like WHOA !!! 
Oh man , my bed is yelling really loud , I better go and comfort it before it wakes the neighbors . Nite . 
Sometimes I still feel like its my first day of kindergarten and I don't know anyone , not even the ones i've known for years . You know , friends really suck . 
“I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed : \We hold these truths to be self-evident : that all men are created equal . \ " - Rev . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
As a day off tomorrow . What am I doing with it ? Getting my car looked at , my hair done and probably a little hanging out . As London Tipton says \Yay me ! \ " :) " 
I want to go to see Eclipse but I have no one to go with . I think I'm gonna go by myself :/ 
Eclipse was amazing going to have to see it again . :D 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn ? Well that's all right because I like the way it hurts . Just gonna stand there and hear me cry ? Well that's all right because I love the way you lie , I love the way you lie . <3 this song 
Summer time really shows you who your friends are and who your acquaintances are . Now I see those turf colors . :) 
Tryin ' to be perfect , Tryin ' not to let you down ... ooww , Honesty is honestly the hardest thing for me right now ... yeah , while the floors underneath our feet are crumbling , The walls we built together tumblin ' , I still stand here holdin ' up the roof , Cause it's easier than telling the truth . 
Now taking applications for roommates or apartments in the newbury and haverhill area . If interested or know of any let me know . 
Just bought my first car :D YEAH !!!! 
I need somebody ( somebody ) , Somebody crazy enough to tell me , I will love you till we ( I will love you till we ) , Till we are buried , Our bodies ( our bodies ) , Our bodies buried close together , Cemetery weather , In the cemetery weather 
AHHHHHHHH !!!! SO FLIPIN ' EXCITED !!!! YES , YES , YES , YES !!!!!!! 
Has another newer movie to add to her favorite movies < PROPFEMALE>'s Body , It was amazing . It's deff . in line with Taking Lives , Hotel 2 and H.H.E. 2 . Loved it :D 
Why is the sky gray ? It's suppose to be blue . Why do clouds always strike me with lighting when i'm not the one callin it ? Drown me in rain , so it takes my pain 
OH YEAH ! OH YEAH ! I'M WICKED EXCITED ! I CAN'T WAIT FOR AUGUST 3RD WITH < PROPFEMALE > Carnes ! WE'RE GONNA HAVE FUN ! OH YEAH ! 
Doing my geography paper it's 8 to 10 pages long . Blah ! 
Off to take my first final for geography . Wish me luck I'm gonna need it to remember all 125 possible matches , But on the bright side the other half is questions like \If you go north what state or country will you end up in ? \ " So I think i'll do fine . " 
At the concert . So EXCITED . 
I <3 you Paramore , Tegan and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Off to bed soon . Can't wait for tomorrow doing some house work , < PROPFEMALE > out with the family and then off to see some friends for a couple of day . :D 
Final heading back . home . Had a great time with everyone . 
So EXCITED bought gauges yesterday , and thinking about what to get for dinner wicked hungry . 
You make me feel , Like I'm livin ' a , Teenage dream , The way you turn me on , I can't sleep , Let's run away and , Don't ever look back , Don't ever look back . 
I want you to want me . I need you to need me . I'd love you to love me . I'm begin ' you to beg me . 
Dutty Dutty Dutty love , I'm feeling like you letting go , Dutty Dutty Dutty love , I'm feeling like you letting go . 
Wants to go see Vampires Suck 
Was just jammin out to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > with the windows down and the sound way up at a stop light . 
Had a pretty frustrating day . So glade I have work tomorrow so I can give my mind a break . Blah ! 
Needs ideas about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr that I could use for a paper . I have < PROPFEMALE > and the boycott , but I can't think of anymore . 
Trying to focused on my 5 < PROPFEMALE > paper so I can go see my best friends in 5 more days . Can't wait :D 
Can't wait to get out of work . Blah 7 o'clock please come faster . 4 more days ladies . 
Grrrr my phone is being wicked glitchy . Finishing my paper . Can't 3 more day baby :) 
Off to work 3:30 till 9 blah . Then home to add to my paper can't wait for it to be sent in and finished . 2 more days :) 
Paper is FINALLY done . Sigh of relief . Going to bed now . Dreaming of how much fun i'm going to be have with my best friends :) Soooo excited . 
Everyone knows I hate to cry , but for once these tears feel pretty damn good . I guess that's what they call healing . Got it in the bucket , so that means it's going to be a good day . 
Clubing for the first time ever :D 
Grr stupid service engine is back on again . There goes another $300 down the tube . 
Home nice and safe . Had Sooooo much fun with my best friends we danced so much on Friday my legs still hurt , hahahaha . Well off to bed work on the am . :) 
First day of classes , full schedule 8-10 math , 11-12 science , and 2-3 english . Can't wait to see Ms. < PROPFIRST > . 
Thinking about growing my hair out a little , not really feeling the mohawk anymore . 
Why are all the apartment I like too much money or too far away ? It is really to bad that I can't find a reliable roommate , all the good ones are taken . It kind of , wait no it REALLY SUCKS ! 
Wow here we have some really nice people , real nice . Come on i'll let you meet some jerk , I mean rats oops I ment real nice friends :) 
You spent half of your life trying to fall behind , You're using your headphones to drown out your , It was so easy , and the words so sweet . 
I like it on the stairs . 
I like it on the front seat of my car . 
Is playing ketchup with a few people . BAHAHAHAHA !!! 
You know life is good when you laugh so hard that you almost pee your pants . Yup that my life :D 
So I'm thinking about moving up or on to another one . Not sure :P 
Just relized that I should give up . Wipe my hands off and walk away . It's just not worth my time . 
Got my purple on what about you ? 
Needs to get really friends because the ones I have suck . Well a least 99% of them . 
Where's your gavel ? Your jury ? What's my offense this time ? You're not a judge but if you're gonna judge Well , sentence me to another \job \"" 
Had bad day at work don't worry ? Chinese food will fix that :) 
Alright , here's the plan : If we get caught we DO NOT speak English ! 
I passed the MSS test :D 
Heading in to Boston for an appointment at 11 with The < PROPMALE > Institute . Train ? or Drive ? Driving it is because I want to make it on time not 15 minutes late stupid MBTA :) 
Dreamt about AIB last night . Man that school is awsome one can only dream of going to that school . 
My phone is so messed up :/ Not cool . 
My phone fixed itself . Dreaming of how much fun AIB is going to be . 
Blah so tired , soooo goodnight . 
I'm being an alternative , indie , rocker for Halloween . Pretty much being myself . 
Stressing : l 
For all that don't know i totaled my < PROPFIRST > a couple nights ago , I was wondering if there was anyone around Newburyport that could give me a lift to school tomorrow ? 
My body really does not like work right now . 
Do you ever feel like a plastic bag\ 
Drifting through the wind , wanting to start again ? \ 
Do you ever feel , feel so paper thin\ 
Like a house of cards , one blow from caving in ? 
I’d catch a grenade for ya , Throw my hand on a blade for ya , I’d jump in front of a train for ya ... You know I'd do anything for ya , I would go through all this pain , Take a bullet straight through my brain , Yes , I would die for ya baby ; But you won't do the same . 
Easy come , easy go That's just how you live , oh Take , take , take it all , But you never give <3 < PROPMALE > Mars 
Oh man you know that your tired when you start laughing for no reason . Oh jezz good times Tink , good times . 
If this hole gets any deeper I won't be able to pull myself out . I feel like < PROPFEMALE > i'm falling , i'm falling . Tell my when I hit the bottom . 
Okay let's do the number game . Here's how it goes put a number on my inbox me and i'll tell you what I think about you . 
#7 You are one of my best guy friends . I have had some of best memories < PROPFEMALE > ing out with you on the beach till 2 am in the morning . Oh and the light house :) hahaha fun time . Can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > out with you agian sometime hopefully soon . 
Love when there's a teacher the sees the great things you can do before you even know you can do it yourself . 
Got to work and found out I was a half an hour early , but its totally okay because I got to watch some of the < PROPFEMALE > Show . :D love < PROPFEMALE > . 
Yeah snows finally blowing around :) 
Blah , blah , blah\ 
Stop talking\ 
Stop talk , talk talking that\ 
< PROPFEMALE > thanks :) 
FYI Nate and < PROPMALE > rock my sock . I love hanging out with them . 
More than half down and 900 more to go . Hell yeah kickin ass and taking names . 
Shit , shit , shit , shit , shity ! FUCKING SHIT ! 
Really wants this stomach bug to go away . Everything hurts :( 
Has no plans for Friday night after 9:00 . Blah 
So I want to do something with hair its a big hot mess . I think I want to straighten it and trim it . Idk but something different with a bright color or two . 
Blah why did you wake up so early ? Stupid body , go back to sleep . 
Thinking about cameras . Nikon D90 or Canon Rebel T1i ? 
I need my hair straightened and cut . Anyone want to do it ? 
( O_o ) Needs to find and buy a car some time soon ( o_O ) 
Blah ! o_O have to go finish shoveling the sidewalk . In the meantime i'll be wishing I had a snow blower in my hands . 
I don't think I'm going to be able to sleep tonight because I'm WAY to excited :D 
And who do you think you are , Running ' round leaving scars , Collecting your jar of hearts And tearing love apart , You're gonna catch a cold , From the ice inside your soul , So don't come back for me , Who do you think you are 
Ahhh go away you stupid migraine . :P 
Punk you'd better back up , Try and play the role and the whole crew will act up Get up , stand up , come on ! Come on , throw your hands up . 
Has at 30+ movies watched once , that need to go . For more detail please call , text , IM , email or leave me a message . 
Yeah work here I come : l 
Wicked pissed off because stupid people think its fun to go to a meeting 7- 9:30 then work 11- 6:30 . Ahhhh !!!! 
Talkin with someone I've had a crush on since middle school :) 
Dear heart , \ 
Please let down your brick walls ; I would like to fall in love at once before I'm 30 . \ 
P.S. That's in 8 years , 2 months , 1 week , 6 days , 18 hours and some odd minutes . \ 
Love Dazha 
Dear dude < PROPFEMALE > the clouds , please make my 1- 9:30 fast . K thanks \ 
Dazha 
I'm beyond happy right now . I get to get out of work 40 minutes early :) 
So not ready for class or work . 
I just had a Glee moment . :) oh how I miss you Glee . 
Needs to restart looking for apartments again . Roomie or not . Hopefully I can find one tho . 
Dear hours , minutes , and seconds , please go by a little faster I would like to get to my home work and apartment search soon . Thanks Dazha 
So pissed right now , like you don't even know . Ahhhh 
You're so mean , When you talk , About yourself , you were wrong , Change the voices in your head , Make them like you instead , So complicated , Look how we all make it , Filled with so much hatred , Such a tired game , It's enough , I've done all I can think of , Chased down all my demons , I've seen you do the same . Oh Pretty , pretty please Dont you ever , ever feel Like you're less than F@ #kin perfect 
Dear Mother Nature , \ 
Where is the freakin snow ? I was hoping that I didn't have to go to work today . Mother Nature I really , really dislike you right now . \ 
P.S. I swear if I get stuck in bad weather to drive home in I will come find you and bitch slap you . Thanks . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Dazha 
Stupid snow , stupid clock-in and out machine , stupid , stupid , stupid . 
Loves snow days . I just woke up :) 
I really , really hate how I feel and I hate that I have to go to work soon . I FEEL EL CRAPA :/ 
So fuckin glad it my job to clean up other shit , I guess my job is a janitor not a cashier . Really WTF !!! 
Thank you 7 o'clock for coming so fast . Also thank you for bringing all the bitch customers with you too . Lovin this . 
Really freakin hates this feeling and wishes it would GO AWAY . 
Everyone is can't wait for the Super Bowl , but me I can't wait to watch Glee at 10:30 :D 
Hurry up stupid super bowl I want and need to watch GLEE :D 
Blah I feel so sick i'm not even going to watch Glee tonight :( 
So I found that withdrawing from medicine that's good for you can really make you feel like shit . Good thing that problem will be over by Wednesday 
Ahhhh can't fall asleep and has 7 hours till classes start . BLAH ! 
It must be , be an ignorant asshole day today . Well guess what you all can line up and kiss my black ( well its more of a lighter brown ) ass . 
In class it is really hard to concentrate with a wicked hot teacher . All I hear is \teenage dream\ " covered by the Warblers " 
F#$k you , Acer , F#$k you . 
First the stomach bug , second a sinus infection , third a migraine , now my whole body feels like I was hit and run over by several < PROPMALE > trucks . Yay and guess who has work at 12:30 ? This girl right here . Blah :/ 
I can't stand stupid snoody bitchs . P.S. you all can kiss my middle finger . 
Yeah one of my classes was canceled so I get a 4 hr break . :) 
Yay work . Till 9:30 . Waho :/ 
SO , SO , SO PSYCHED !!!!!!!!! :D 
Good night to who every out there . \ 
P.S. MY ROOM SMELLS FREAKIN AMAZING :) 
Out breakfasts with < PROPFIRST > F , and < PROPFEMALE > F . then work 10- 5:30 
So , < PROPFEMALE > Grammer can end a 15 yr marriage over the phone , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can be on divorce #9 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hr marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > & Tiger woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE . Yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ?? Re-post if you are proud to support gay rights . 
It sucks when you can't have who you want because they're already taken . It hurts when they flirt with you inches from your face and all you want to do is kiss them . But deep in your heart you know you can't because you don't want to be the other person . Oh how it is pure misery to love some thing so much and to have cut ties just to move on . 
Ahhhh ! I'm working with an asshole who knows nothing about asl even tho that's the class we're in . Everytime I try to help him tells me no . You know what < PROPMALE > ? FUCK YOU ! 
Loving my taxes right now :) 
I swear I always fall for your type , \ 
for your type , \ 
tell me why , \ 
I always fall for your type\ 
for your type\ 
I just can't explain this sh*t at all\ 
fall for your type\ 
I believe in people like you 
I want to suck you , \ 
I want to lick you , \ 
I want to move my tongue all over you , \ 
I want to feel you in my mouth , \ 
Yep , that's how I ......... eat ice cream ! 
I was nervous at first , it was big , long and went straight up . I had to try it before . I slowly eased myself onto it . I liked it ! I went up and down on it for hours , I love escalatos now ! 
I have no computer for awhile . So please be patient . Thank you Dazha . 
I want loads of clothes and fuckloads of diamonds\ 
I heard people die while they are trying to find them\ 
And I'll take my clothes off and it will be shameless\ 
' Cuz everyone knows that's how you get famous 
Getting ready to have a wicked fun . Then after work 5- 9:30 
Had an amazing , even including work :) 
R.I.P. Nate Dogg 
Totally was just breaking it on the sidewalk to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s firework , Just Dance 2 style . Love it :) 
Broke it down to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s firework for a kiss , Brought over $200 worth of clothing , spent last 2 hour trying to fall asleep , Having the most AMAZING spring break priceless ! 
Having a great day , playing at the park then at 5:30 - 9:30 work . 
What fits nicely between boobs ? gets longer when you pull on it ? And fits into a tight skinny hole ? \ 
. \ 
Its a seat belt silly 
Hell yes I do ALL the timeRT @katyperry YESSSSSSS ! RT @MarinasDiamonds : When you listen to music walking down the street , do you pretend you're in a dramatic film ? 
Hanging out with Miss Finnigan tonight . 
Omg snow :D 
Oh shit I can't stop laughing . BAHAHA ! 
Ready , Set , Time to fall asleep . Had a good night thanks Ms. Finnigan . 
Blah just finish math homework . Now must I sleep me some get Zzzzzzzzzz ...... bloop , bloop(the sound of drool hitting my pillow ) ¦D 
Damn you math teacher why do you have to be so hott ? I can concentrate I have Glee's cover of Teenage dream and you dancing on your desk . DAMN IT ! 
I hate when people say stuff be hide my back . Guess what ? I ALRIGHT KNOW I'M FAT and I swear to god if anyone tries to say different I will hit you so hard you won't even remember your momma . K thanks 
I've got a tight grip on reality , but I can't\ 
Let go of what's in front of me here\ 
I know you're leaving in the morning , when you wake up\ 
Leave me with some kind of proof it's not a dream\ 
oh ---- 
Hate this feeling . Lost and confused . 
My mom told me teach for the < PROPFEMALE > s , but your not in the < PROPFEMALE > . So i'll stay walking around this lonely world till I find the one < PROPFEMALE > that fell from the sky . 
Battle in Los < PROPFEMALE > , Rango , or < PROPFIRST > ? 
< PROPFIRST > is pretty awesome so far . 
< PROPFIRST > was boob titty flippin fuck ass AWESOME . \ 
\ 
Props if you get this XD 
Just invented a new game called < PROPFIRST > Golf . It's pretty AWESOME . 
Wants to go see Rango very , very , very , soon . 
I can heard the snow sliding off my roof . Fuckin love it :D snow , snow , snow , snow , how I love you snow . 
More then 3 fire trucks surrounding a full block of downtown Newburyport . All I have to say is I hope everyone is okay and pulling over for them on State street was not fun also way to packed . 
Do not ever watch Marley and Me . It is one of the worst movies ever . I cried for like 10 minute through the end of the movie . Stupid movie I hate you it make me want to never get a dog ever again . 
Is lusting over the most gorgeous thing in the store . oh direct tv how I love you so but mostly your workers . 
Totally crushing on Direct TV :/ 
Ahhhh fuck this shit . Need to find a cheap dirt bike or four wheeler . 
Fuck my hip and back hurts so fuckin bad :/ 
Car insurance paid ? Check .... for the whole year :) 
Wants to get her air done before her birthday . 
Ahhhhhh ! I can't get anything done on time , its really starting to piss me off . 
IT ' MY BIRTHDAY IN 13 HOURS AND 50 SOMETHING MINUTES !!!! \ 
I think I need to be a little more like the Yes Man :) P.S.I love the movie :D \ 
P.P.S. I hate when I text someone and they don't text me back . \ 
P.P.P.S. I CAN'T WAIT FOR TOMORROW IT'S GONNA BE SO MUCH FUN :) 
313 :D 
Having so much fun 
Dude he just jizzed his pants . 
Is now a proud owner of a scooter and the best thing of all is the scooter matches my car . Guess who's saving on gas money ? :D 
Thank you 500 Days of Summer for making want to hate love even more . \ 
P.S. So not okay with 7 am to 11am shift . Think positive Dazha , think positive . At least you get out earlier . :) 
Has the most bombin Bio . Professor ever . 
I said to Tink in Portuguese \Vá agora vagabundo fedorento ! \"" 
N ? de pìgu h ? n chòu ! Votre pue fesses ! Seu fede bum ! Su apesta vago ! Bum yako stinks ! 
Just heard a lady say to another \its okay if you look like a man because now a days anything goes . \"" 
You hit me once\ 
I hit you back \ 
You gave a kick\ 
I gave a slap \ 
You smashed a plate over my head then \ 
I set fire to our bed 
Got my finger slammed in my car door , starting to ge t.t hat cough and sinus thing . Ahhh ! Okay I feel a little better . I have a good < PROPMALE > of biology done . 
You fall asleep and when you wake-up your suppose to feel better . Nope you just feel like you were hit by a < PROPMALE > truck . 
Blah I think my fever is coming back . Not cool body not cool . 
Just signed up for her last semester at NECC :/\ 
Man that went by fast . 
Where did all the man that are like(some what similar in the slightest bit ) to Travie McCoy go ? http://yfrog.com/h8pvnrgj 
Is so not okay with the fact that finals are in two weeks :/ 
Dear lungs , \ 
All I want to do today is to breath without coughing or wheezing . Now really is that to much to ask for ? Thanks a very unsatisfied customer . 
I slipped my hand under her skirt \ 
I said don't worry , it's not gonna hurt \ 
Oh , my reputation's kinda clouded with dirt\ 
That's why you sleep with one eye open \ 
But that's the price you pay 
Loves the fact that < PROPFIRST > M . and I totally just sounded like lesbian Asians . This totally made my day :) 
Heading to Nh to visit < PROPFIRST > and some of her family . 
Attempted to spit out my window but my window wasn't fully down . You can imagine what happen with a window the automatically goes down . 
So pissed with Verizon because it would cost $26.52 more to switch over to then and get the iPhone . Sooooo pissed at you stupid Verizon . 
@alittlelamb @msleamichele Wow , you guys rock Unpretty's meshup . :) 
All i have to say about @DarrenCriss performance \ 
is WOW ! 
After being out of work for 12 days , I'm going to attempt to go back today . Only problem is now that I made up my mind I'm having a hard time breathing again :/ 
Hmmm a song about jellyfish or a children's book ? That is the question 
Yup I stopped to pick up a poor little worm that was getting fried trying to cross the pavement and placed it in a cool dirt patch . \ 
P.S. sorry if you weren't heading that way . 
Dear Facebook friends why is it every time I wanna talk you all disappear . But when I don't want to talk , your always there . Please answer me that one . Thanks your Dazha 
I do have to say my Doctor is the sh #t 
I swear I saw a jellyfish in the toilet ! I think its time for bed , at least for my eyes . 
My eyelids are so beavy 
Oops my eyelids are so heavy . Must fall asleep soon . 
Oh lab reports how you hate me so . Why , oh why do you hate me ? 
Stupid computer you lied it 11:48 not 10:48 . Grrrr now I'm late to bed . 
I'm glad everyone is so happy about Osama death , we shouldn't be . Nothing is going to change we are still at war and we shouldn't be . 
Pretty sure I bombed my Biology test . Now I'm just hoping I don't bomb my math test . 
I think I just killed my math test :) 
Trying not to fall asleep in ASL . Blah summeritis I hate you . 
Off to an ASL thing in the Boston area :/ 
Omg , omg , OMG ! 
Wow this is hard . 
Come on Bruins . 
Hell yeah Bruins win . 
Finally in bed , had a goodnight signing :) 
Cinco de Mayo will be my year < PROPFIRST > at < PROPFIRST>'s Club ( Walmart ) :) I'm excited and dreading it all at the same time . 
Needs to finish up my jellyfish book . 
< PROPFEMALE > or Storm ( Box jellyfish ) , Jase or Jett ( Irukandji jellyfish ) , and Cali ( Lion's mane jellyfish ) are the names of the jellyfish in my book I'm writing . 
I need to get my hair braided . 
We use to be in a wicked awesome Christian band . The problem was the only time we practiced was when we were sent out to clean . 
Today I've been at < PROPFIRST>'s Club(Walmart ) for a year now . Happy Cinco de Mayo ! 
ASL final wish me luck . 
Glad I'm out of that fuckin class . Hate stupid people . 
You hurt me , I'll cut your balls off and leave you there to die . \ 
Think I'm joking ? Test me < PROPMALE > , go ahead I dare you :) 
I'm awake and I'm still not ready for the B.S. that's about to go down . \ 
Mothers day + < PROPFIRST>'s Club(Walmart) = a BIG hot mess . 
Thunder , lightening , rain and hale :) 
Almost done with biology work :) \ 
Now I just need to remember to study for my finals on Monday . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Club on Mothers day = a crazy circus , with adult acting like children . Let me tell you when a 50 yr old has a tantrum you have to try your hardest not to laugh . 
I love that people think because I work at < PROPFIRST>'s and I'm a cashier that I'm stupid , and I never went to college . Makes me laugh . 
Just got a mirror ripped off my car and truthfully I don't care . I'm just too tired . 
I cheated myself , Like I knew I would , I told you I was trouble , You know that I'm no good . 
Can't wait for my biology and math finals to be over . Praying I pass at least 2 out of 3 classes . 
I know I did well on the math final . But I might have bombed the biology final :/ 
Just realized that any all nighters from now till fall will most likely from hanging out with friends till the Sun rises or awesome parties :D \ 
SO READY FOR RELAXING AND FUN ! 
FYI TMI - Really gotta pee but I also really don't want to get up because I'm lazy and also my bed is nice and warm :) 
Just lifted 400lb of animal food twice . :) 
Really I love getting lost , it just means you find new places . 
Does anyone know someone that can cornrow ? 
Guess who biked 7 < PROPMALE > today ? This girl right here . Boom , boom , fire power . 
Shaved 6 minutes off my 7 < PROPMALE > and I'm still not done . 
Just finished 14 mile bike ride . Can I get a hell yeah ? 
Was so stoked when I was ringing out @DanCena , @JohnCena brother at my register at < PROPFIRST>'s Club . 
#fastfive was f'in AWESOME ! 
Just rented The green hornet , Black Swan and The Roommate . Hmmm which one to watch first ? 
Half way to buying the new camera I want . 
is hanging out with one of my favorite women in the world and my partner in crime today . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > aka ( S . A . S . ) 
So about the rapture/world ending all I have to say to god and/or Jesus is \Hunny I'll believe it when I see it\ " just saying . P.S. if it does happen . Jesus I thought we were home dogs how you gonna do me like that ? I still have tattoos to get and at least like me finish college I worked my ass off to get where I am now . Sincerely your friend Da'zha < PROPFIRST > " 
So ready for this #zombieapocalypse . I got my game face on and am ready to rip some zombies heads off . Warrior paint is ready and waiting . Grrrr ! 
So this #rapture , #zombieapocalypse isn't happening a little disappointed :/ I got all ready for nothing . 
Bought my ticket :) 
Oh yay the #rapture really didn't happen .... \ 
Truthfully I wanted to fire a gun , brake some arms , legs and bust some head open . I REALLY wanted Zombie blood on my hands :/\ 
Damn lets try this the same time next year eh ? 
Totally knows what she's going to do at #SalemState :D 
Waiting for my grades(this 27 ); it is slowly killing me truthfully . 
Looks like I fucked everything up again . Won't be going to SSU/SSC till Fall ' 13 . FML . 
One of the crapest days ever . 
An fhírinne a ní raibh scaoileadh dom\ 
Mar sin , beidh mé é féin \ 
Will be one of my tattoos on my ribs 
Need to loss it bad . 
Just had a LA ( laugh attack ) because we were talking about birth moms and I said \oh yeah your BM\ " and MC says \ " your bowl movement ? \ " And it was all down hill from there . \ 
HAVING THE BEST DAY EVER . 
Ta-ta-ta-taornado baby . Every one on the east coast keep one eye on the sky . Drama free baby drama free . 
HAAA ! HAAA ! Party like a rock < PROPFEMALE > do it wit da black & da white like a cop car . YEAHHH ! Whoop , whoop , me & my band man on the yacht wit < PROPFEMALE > manson gettin a tan man ! \ 
Drama free baby drama free . 
One of my little boys I know is so cute he looks right in to my eyes and says \I know where your from . \ " I said \ " where ? \ " He says with a smile so happy with himself \ " Africa\ " . I could help but just smile at him . He says \ " you have nice dark skin\ " :) " 
It's Friday , Friday \ 
Gotta get down on Friday Everybody's lookin ' forward to the weekend , weekend Friday , Friday \ 
Gettin ' down on Friday Everybody's lookin ' forward to the weekend . Yeaaaahhhh ! And spirit fingers . 
Dreads , cornrows , straightened , extensions or leave it ? \ 
24 till < PROPFEMALE > 
Blah my stomach feels like kaka . :/ 
Just drooled guess I'm not awake yet :) \ 
24 < PROPFEMALE > 
Watchin < PROPFEMALE > on me . :) 
Just realized Koli is bad luck so I'm gonna have to get rid of him a.s.a.i.k. Please donate to the \my car is bad luck and I need a new one\ " foundation . Pennies are very welcome . Thank you for your generosity . Da'zha < PROPFIRST > " 
Don't mistake my confidence for cockiness . Though I love when people get it twisted . 
AHHHHHHH stupid birds shut your chirp holes . It way to flippin early to be talkin about anything . 
Wants to go see a movie . 
Last Friday night\ 
Yeah we danced on table tops\ 
And we took too many shots\ 
Think we kissed but I forgot\ 
Yeah we maxed our credit cards\ 
And got kicked out of the bar\ 
So we hit the boulevard 
Monster by Paramore is the bomb #paramoreisstillalive 
Yay for 8:30 meetings then I get to go back to work for 10 . Oh how hate you < PROPFIRST>'s Club meetings :) 
3 day break from work ? Hellz yes ma'am . 
