I finally made a facebook so you people can quit complaining =) 

Do you think people can change ? And if so , how do you know ? How do you convince someone who possess no trust ? \Forgiveness is the final form of love\ " they say . I guess this is why I feel so cold about love . " 
I have nothing to do since school is done . I'm going to stuff my fat face with ice cream now =) 
I get about 6 weeks of vacation each year from school and there's no such thing as a summer vacation for me . I have 2 weeks off before classes begin again , so I have a great excuse to be lazy and fat for once =) 
Why is everyone rushing to get married ? I need to build a future for myself first with a professional career , financial stability , expectations for my children , and satisfaction before I can make such commitment . It's better to prepare and be thorough because marriage is not trial and error . 
My summer tuition is $ 3,100 ! Ahhh ! I hate being a broke college kid . I hope this will pay off in the future =/ 
So I'm riding through the city with my high BEAMS ON . Can you see me ? Can you see me ? Get your VISINE ON . Y'all just do not fit the picture . Turn your WIDESCREEN ON . If you think I'm going to quit before I die , DREAM ON . 
My profile is public because I have nothing to hide . However , I do closely monitor what I share on facebook because of my affiliations with school and professional organizations . I do have a myspace where I write anything and everything about my life that may be somewhat irrelevant to people on facebook . Ask for it . 
I'm tired of unprofessional employees who do a half-ass job in order to complete their responsibilities . Employers need to quit hiring cheap labor and instead , look for people with actual skills who do things thoroughly . If I have to work hard to accomplish things correctly , then people need to stop being careless and begin doing their job properly . 
This weekend was the worst weekend eeveeerrr ! Now , I have to return back to school ... again . Ugghh , the story of my life ! Sometimes , I feel that if I was simple-minded and didn't reflect about everything in this world , in addition to being lazy and not wanting to attend school ... life would be so much easier . 
I can't believe I paid more than $ 3,000 to attend school for 9 hours M-F , read 3 chapters of the textbook per day , and take exams every week ... during my summer vacation ... and I'm not even a doctor yet ! No wonder doctors have high suicidal rates =/ 
I have an interview with Baylor College of Medicine , Department of Psychiatry on 6/18 for a research assistant position in Clinical Psychology . 3 interviews down , 2 more to go . If I get this position , I'm disregarding all the others because this may be my one-way ticket to Baylor College of Medicine medical school =) 
I have so much things to do and not enough time to do it all . I'm never taking 5 summer classes ever again ! It's even more stressful because I need to maintain my A's for med school ... I can't wait till the weekend ; woo hoo , I get to have a life ! By the way , where do you find ahi poke in < PROPMALE > ? I want some lol . 
I was offered to be in a hip-hop music video for Magno and Throw'd in May . It's great exposure , but all for the wrong reasons ... and everything I do would be a contradiction . I gladly turned down the opportunity . 
Biological Sciences and laboratory are the most tedious subjects ever ... next to Chemistry and Physics , of course . And American History is just plain useless . 
Glycolysis , the citric acid cycle , and oxidative phosphorylation in cellular respiration are confusing me ! Additionally , they are killing all of my brain cells =/ 
I'm such a threat to these school kids . I started without a COIN ; not knowing which way I'm GOING . Now , I'm traveling on BOEINGS and writing a few POEMS . Weathered all of the storms , now it's time to see the LIGHT . I never felt this way about anything in my LIFE . Determined to be the BEST ; not looking back at REGRETS . How many people I BLESS , is how I measure SUCCESS . 
I got the position as a Research Assistant for the Department of Psychiatry at one of the best Medical Schools in the nation -- Baylor College of Medicine . Instead of talking about what you plan to do , search for opportunities and execute your plans . This is what seperates those who are living their dreams from people who only dream about living . 
I hate the rain in < PROPMALE > . I was driving to school and felt as though I was driving through a black hole lol ! So , I missed class today . Thanks hurricane . 
Different goals require different trade-offs . I'm not a sociopath lol , but to accomplish what I < PROPFEMALE > , I need to accept the trade-offs ( e.g. , not going out , studying all day , having less friends ) . I realized that most people do not understand why I do the things that I do . But then again , not everyone has the intentions of being a physician . 
I'm currently in summer school learning about molecular genetics . This is so awesome ! ( < PROPMALE > sarcasm ) 
Online commotion ? Lame . It is pathetic when people are unable to validate their arguments so they attack your appearance and make assumptions about your personality . Intelligent people argue about ideas and concepts , while simple minded people gossip about other people . 
Today in lab , we constructed a recombinant DNA plasmid and transformed E . Coli cells , with and without Ampicillin resistance , to recipient cells . When I came home later , I felt all sick . 
My professor , with a P h.D. in Ecology and Evolution , was ecstatic today since it was the second time that a student received 100% on the exam ... in 24 years haha ! And it was not me lol . Rice University and UT-Austin students cannot even keep up with this teacher lol damn , fuck my life lol haha . 
My parents make sacrifices to put me through school . I came from a struggling family with no money and education . I worked hard to gain the credentials that I have . If my parents want to lend me a hand so that I can succeed as a physician , what's the problem ? I do this for my family ; I dedicate my successes to all of my enemies . 
Stages of love include physical attraction , romantic feelings , and emotional attachment . However , forgiveness is the final form of love . 
Some girl , who lives in my apartment complex , was found dead this morning in the middle of the road ... in front of our driveway . I'm scared to look . It would be the second homicide I have seen since I have been here :-O 
What pisses me off the most is when uneducated people underestimate my work ethics . I left my job as a well-paying paralegal to obtain my 2nd degree . Studying to become a physician IS WORK and maintaining straight A's is even worse . TRY DOING IT YOURSELF . What seperates me from you is that you do whatever you can and I do whatever I choose . 
I noticed that my status updates are usually thoughts rather than events . I guess I am more of a philosopher than a storyteller . Therefore , let's think for a minute ... QUESTION OF THE DAY : Why are elderly people called “old people” but children are never called “new people” ? 
People have certain aspirations for all the wrong reasons—money , fulfilling family expectations , and meeting societal standards . However , doing something without passion will make your life miserable or even worse cause you to fail . QUESTION OF THE DAY : If you have x-ray vision and you can see through anything , wouldn't you see through everything and actually see nothing ? 
QUESTION OF THE DAY : A wife always cooks for her husband ; however , her husband never cooks for her . Then , he has the audacity to get upset because she did not wash the dishes . What do you call this ? Perhaps she was tired from cooking for him and needed a break . Nevertheless , maybe he is the one who should be washing the dishes in return for the lovely daily dinners his wife always prepare for him . 
Do I look like a fucking Mexican housewife to you , you fucking piece of shit . 
I am getting a headache from being the middle person in this home-searching journey . I thought submitting a contract to purchase a new house was simple . Now , I find out that the home already has multiple offers . I REALLY want this house , I dislike competing with others , and I especially hate losing . FUCK YOU . I am making my offer with cash and I will continue to insist until I get the house . 
People who begin first do not always last the longest . It is always better to make sacrifices now and plan for your future rather than focus on present money . It is unfortunate that many people become easily distracted by quick money and lose sight of what they would like to acquire in life . 
Wow , I can actually feel my brain growing ! I used to despise Chemistry , but somehow I have been solving all of the problems correctly =) I think I am starting to enjoy Inorganic Chemistry 2 after all lol . It is true ; we learn to enjoy the things we do well in . QUESTION OF THE DAY : Have you noticed that if the letters in MOTHER IN LAW were rearranged , the new words would be WOMAN HITLER ? Haha ! 
Critics think I’ve lost my touch . If I’m not the realest one who has ever done it , I’m not off by much . So , don’t stop me if I’m chasing my dream in the fast < PROPFIRST > ; speeding , no safety belt . It’s a marathon , so pace yourself . In this race for wealth , talking shit is just a waste of breath . Chasing me is like chasing your tail ; you’re never going to catch it . Respect is something you’ll never get if you never had it . 
Anything is possible ; however , knowing someone for 2 weeks and loving them with all of your heart sounds a bit absurd . I hope you are not willing to die for them also . Teenagers today are so quick to misuse the word “love” , then they wonder why commitment issues are increasing and why “I love you” seems insignificant to so many people . Please shut your face , thanks =) 
I had 8 hours of school yesterday , my first and only meal was at 4:30 pm , and lots of homework needed to be done once I came home . The only differences between your job and mine is that you get paid and never have to take your work home with you . You all should be grateful . However , I am passionate about what I do and I am also good at it . This is a marathon but I would never trade in my goals just to make fast money . 
Can I get that Benz ? Can I get that Bentley ? Can I get that Chevy ? No , the one with the Hemi . Can I get the Lamborghini on the top top shelf ? Can I get stones all around my ri-ri-ri-ri-rims ? Diamonds in my ri-rims ? Oh , I’m sorry I’m really not that crazy . I’m like that white boy ; you know , Slim Shady . And I be rapping circles around these rappers on the daily and maybe a little bit crazy for blatantly blaming rabies . 
Our cash offer for the house was accepted over five other offers ! Now , I am waiting for the addendum to be generated so we can proceed with closing . Built in 2005 , 2-story , 4 bedrooms , 2.5 baths , and 1 owner for $ 69,000 cash . Great deal huh ? It is true that paying with cash has its advantage . I am so excited to move out of the ghetto ! * crosses fingers * 
Y’all tickle me , literally ; elementary literati . This is my apostasy ; now , check out my philosophy . This industry is monopoly ; y’all manipulate and copy me . Now , put your people up against me and watch them keep flopping , G . I never give up on anything that I do ; ask my boyfriend , as he is the one who witnesses me doing work over and over again until it is 100% . I feel bad for my competitors . 
Political Science quizzes = A , Political Science exam = A , Biology quiz = A , Biology exam = A , American Literature to 1865 exam = next week , Inorganic Chemistry II exam = next week ; but fuck my life because it requires Calculus . The last time that I took Calculus was two years ago . It is easy but I hate the calculations =( 
Research Assistant meeting at the Psychological Research Center then conference with 12 Physicians and Doctorates on the topics of fMRI-based Evaluations on Traumatic Brain Injuries and Neurorehabilitation in which I was fortunate to attend ! Now , my brain cells hurt , my finger is about to fall off , and I need to study for my Inorganic Chemistry II exam ( which is written by someone who wrote the freaking MCAT ) . Boo ! 
I just received a letter from the < PROPFEMALE > Key International Honour Society for a 4-year university . They said that I am within the top 15% of 35,000 students from my university and I am invited to the New Member Recognition Ceremony on December 3rd . I will also be awarded a $1000 scholarship . YAY , another honor society for me to join =) 
Kehanu said I was stupid ; 3.9 GPA college graduate with 2 degrees , Aiza said I would work at Burger < PROPMALE > ; I do research at Baylor College of Medicine , Mrs. Huntley laughed at med school ; top 15% of my university and Pre-Medical Honor Society , girls called me a slut ; age 23 and never been pregnant . Put them haters up against me and watch them keep flopping , G . 
I used to pride myself on my individuality because I thought that being different was good . However , I realized that being a good person is different enough . 
Biology quiz : class average = 56 , class median = 60 , my grade = 100 . Now , do you understand why I strive to be far from average ? This does not only apply to grades , but to life in general . I have high expectations and set great aspirations for myself . Being a perfectionist is not a gift , it is an illness . To comprehend why I do the things that I do , you need to understand my painful past . 
Many people associate criticism with “hating” . There is a difference between talking shit because you are envious of someone and laughing at someone because they are just plain stupid . 
I was presented with the opportunity to be 1st author of a research article . This is intimidating since many published researchers are M.D. or P h.D. Only a few people actually publish scientific research articles . Conferences , research , publications , honor societies , possible guaranteed admission to med school—I do not know where to begin . However , I will make it big ; I promise this . 
My Biology exam was so difficult that the professor had to curve the grades tremendously . 67.74% is a B and 81.56% is an A . Hahaha ! 
Some people think that I am arrogant . No ; I am proud of my achievements and I openly admit my flaws . I can be obnoxious , loud at times , have a bad temper , I can't sing , I probably can't cook , I have no artistic or musical talents , I need glasses , I think too much , my mom says that I am controlling like a dictator lol , I am probably boring , and I do not care what others think . I am not conceited ; I am HONEST . 
If you have something rare such as a Lamborghini Murciélago , then WHY THE HELL WOULD YOU START LOOKING FOR A HONDA CIVIC ? The streets are infested with them , you can find them used , and everyone owns one . WHY WOULD YOU WANT TO BE AVERAGE and have something AVERAGE ? This is my relationship metaphor . If you upgraded , then stay upgraded dummy . 
I spoke with my academic advisor today and since I already have 150+ credit hours , she said that I am going to receive dual degrees instead of a double < PROPMALE > . Bachelor of Science in Psychology and Bachelor of Science in Biology , YEESSSS ! 
Forget five stars , I’m something like the galaxy ; so galactic . Blowing up haters like sodium bicarbonate ; chemical reactant . Fuck Lety and Beydi ; I kill them with my success like gunplay . I’m AKA “OH BEAST” like a weight problem ; eat them like entrees . I say this because “I KANE ( can ) and they are not < PROPMALE > ( able)” . They are average , like the average employment rate ; unstable . 
I am freezing because Texas is turning into the Arctic Ocean , my eye is messed up because I walked into the fence while trying to save my dog , I called in sick because I have a headache , if I sit on the computer for another 8 hours ... I could possibly finish all of my work , and I am contemplating whether or not I should take Calculus II during winter break . There is no time for a vacation in my life . 
Many teenage girls may have a body of a woman but still possess a mind of a child . It is disturbing to see that most of them focus only on external beauty rather than intellectual beauty and morals . Your appearance does not define who you are . Stop caring so much about clothes and makeup ; go learn something . When you are older and your appearance fades , your brain will become essentially useless to society . 
Leave impressions ; unforgettable ; my position ; irreplaceable . Shittin’ on these bitches , something like stains “unfadable” . I’m legendary ; my swagger’s exceeding extraordinary . Compared to the rest , I have a P h.D. to practice as a visionary . Simply complicated and amazingly very intellectual . “Past , present , future—doing me ; you should see my schedule” . 
No research work for two weeks , the most difficult exams are over , American Literature essay completed , received a 99.91999998% on my Biology exam lol , the weather is still warm , taking a trip to Atlanta during Thanksgiving weekend , purchasing another puppy , the new house is awesome , and best of all ... no rent or mortgage payments ... EVER . YAY , life is good right now =) 
People are copying my status and profile lol . How the fuck does my successes and tribulations reflect your life ? If you are trying to replicate me , at least fucking spell properly . I can’t be replaced or duplicated , only emulated and copied . Attempting to utilize my vocab , but you still sound hella sloppy . I’m lyrically beyond your level , scientifically . Specifically , spitting out the bitch in me ; prolifically . 
I received an award the other night from The International Honor Society in Psychology ... and free food ! I love food . Anyway , I also scored top 4% out of 740 students in Biology . It is too bad that I cannot say the same for Inorganic Chemistry lol . Nevertheless , I would love for your dumb ass to copy my status again , seeing that this also applies to your life lol * sarcasm * . 
Hmm ... I am seriously thinking about transferring to Rice University next year . The school ranks 17 out of 4,350 universities in the United States . Required : 3.50 GPA or higher ... check , two professor recommendation letters ... check , $70 for application fee ... check , and $ 35,000 annual tuition cost ... umm how will I afford this ? * crosses fingers * help financial aid help ! 
Sometimes , I wonder why I decided to sacrifice 15 years of my life to become a physician and face over $ 100,000 in debt just to save other people's lives . Most people are too lazy to even try to maximize their potentials , let alone appreciate the value of life . I'm struggling to help ungrateful people who are unmotivated to do anything for themselves . Take advantage again and I'll dog you when you need me the most . 
Wow , I think I need some psychological help . I had a dream about chemical redox equations the other night . I was literally balancing chemical reduction-oxidation equations in my sleep lol . Well , perhaps this may not be a negative thing . Maybe < PROPFIRST > Einstein was superiorly intelligent because he was solving quantum physics problems during sleep lol . 
No demonstration of COMRADERY , this may sound like some ATROCITY , haters are going to FOLLOW ME ; I can't let this BOTHER ME , no longer come from POVERTY , people think this is a MONSTROSITY , but this industry's MONOPOLY , a visionary making PROPHECIES , I'm not emotional ; only focused and precise ; no APOLOGIES . Don't attempt to copy and paste what you can't understand . 
< PROPMALE > to Atlanta . We just arrived to Atlanta a few hours ago , YEESSS ! It's a lot different than I expected ... less buildings than < PROPMALE > and a bunch of trees all over the place lol . Well , have a wonderful gobble gobble day everyone ! 
If you had x-ray vision and were able to see through anything , wouldn't you see through everything and actually see nothing at all ? Haha ! I'm in school for another week or two then I can finally have my first vacation of the year , YAY ! 
Fucking BACKSTABBERS ; during struggling times you just LAUGHED AT US , now you're about to feel the fucking wrath of this AFTERMATH , FAGGOTS . You see me in my LAB JACKET ; you can kiss my persistent ASS , crack MAGGOTS . Success is the best revenge to pay you back ; I overcame odds to get even and now I'm baaack , BASTARDS . 
Many people know Chemistry , but my psycho professor intentionally writes his own problems so that people can't look it up . I need help . I'll give $10 to anyone who can help me solve this lol . Determine the value of ? Gº at 25 ºC for the reaction : HClO(aq ) + NH3(aq ) <=> NH4+(aq ) + ClO-(aq ) given that < PROPFEMALE > of HClO(aq ) = 3.5 x 10-8 , Kb for NH3 = 1.8 x 10-5 and Kw = 1.0 x 10-14 . 
I absolutely despise people who constantly take advantage of hardworking individuals . It's amazing how polite they are when they need assistance , but illustrate no gratitude afterwards . Kind people made sacrifices to help you . If it wasn't for them , you wouldn't be shit . Sadly , you're the type who's only triumphant when you are shadowed by someone else's success . 
Many people are offended with the cartoon pictures , while others believe it's supporting a worthy cause . According to ABC news , this idea began in Greece and Cyprus in mid-November . Its original intention was to only bring back childhood memories . This had nothing to do with child abuse . To offended people , chill out . To others , this didn't quite help with child abuse awareness . Do your research people . 
I precisely calculate each expression in my rhymes , parallel to Mayan ASTRONOMY . Damaging illiterate Sesame rhymes with frontal lobe mutilation , similar to a LOBOTOMY . Verbal articulation of my life ; more factual and formulated than philosophical LOGIC . While you make up words like a brain dead infant on methylene chloride and Hooked on PHONICS . Haha ! I did it again . 
QUESTION OF THE DAY : How do we deal with compulsive liars who are notorious at lying ? Additionally , how do we learn to forgive liars who repeat the same mistakes and are unwilling to admit their faults ? 
Little boys with testosterone poisoning always want to race me , cut me off , and peel off in my face ... without knowing that it's a female driving . They are disrespectful and always demonstrating road rage ( in their stupid rental cars that won't be paid off for years lol ) , but none of them would step out of their vehicles to do shit . 
Sooooo ... I just received an invitation from the National Space Biomedical Research Institute to work as a paid intern and do biomedical research at NASA < PROPMALE > Space Center . Although biomedical research is awesome , I'm not sure how NASA will benefit me . Additionally , the drive from my house to NASA is about two hours :( WHHYYY ?!! 
One more Biology final tomorrow and YESSS I get to breathe for the first time this year . I'm so excited to do absolutely NOTHING for a month . As graduation , medical school applications , and more research work approach ... I may never receive another vacation again . 
Little females using their sex appeal to get representation rather than their intellect and talent ... are not attractive . Also , rappers who make up words and use third grade grammar do not appeal to the intelligent . Finally , middle school children having sex ... hahahahahaha * closes eyes * . 
Wow , it's a miracle ! This will be my shortest status update ever . I am officially brain dead for the next three to four weeks :) 
I just met the in-laws for the first time last night and I'm already spending the whole day with them by myself ... oh my gosh ... wow . I also realized that you only need a 3.0 cumulative GPA , a personal statement , college transcript , 3 recommendation letters , and a $50 application fee to enroll in graduate school and obtain a Master's degree . Wow , are you serious ... 
No computer access or cell phone service because I am in Mexico . Instead of having 2 lanes on each side for the cars to pass , they have 1.5 lanes . Also , they put to-go drinks in a plastic bag lol . It reminds me of Vietnam :) 
I´m still in Mexico so I´m unable to comment people . I´m using a 1 GB computer with slow ass internet . I didn´t know Mexicans dance Hula and Tahitian lol what the fuck haha ! 
There is a difference between defending your principles because you're a strong woman and constantly complaining about insignificant shit because you're a bitch . Men are attracted to females with courage , not females with attitude . Possessing a bitch attitude doesn't depict independence , strength , or elegance . It actually makes you sound like a little girl immersed in drama . Get it right , little one . 
It's not my fault that your parents don't give a shit about you . I received a scholarship for college , you dumb fuck . Maybe if you weren't so fucking stupid , you would get one too and not blame your parents for your lack of education . Don't fucking talk sideways to me and then delete me , you fucking pussy . 
I love my employer ! I missed research work today because of my stupid car , but she was extremely understanding about the situation and even thanked me for the work done on Wednesday . She also allows me to make my own work schedule and choose to do whatever tasks that appeal to me . I guess it's true that with hard work and a higher education , there's more room for freedom in your job . 
How can someone write a paragraph explaining that everything they do , say , and feel come authentically from them ... when the same paragraph was copied and pasted from another website ... which was written by someone else ? That just totally defeated and contradicted its purpose lol . 
I admire people with passion and perseverance who attempt to fulfill their aspirations at whatever costs . If their plans are hindered due to uncontrollable circumstances , it's completely understandable . However , I don't feel pity for people who failed at accomplishing their goals due to the careless and unwise decisions they have made in life . 
People say that you are who your friends are and that they influence the way you ACT . This is the reason why I roll solo and don't even like CATS . Instead of complaining about me , why don't you people stop slacking and keep up ? I've never made an excuse for anything that went wrong in my life . I take full accountability for my mistakes , but I will also take full accountability for my achievements . It goes both ways . 
Applied for financial aid and hopefully will receive $5 , 550 , in the process of applying for scholarships again , have to hustle quickly at work tomorrow in order to make it to my orthodontist appointment , will take off my braces soon , excited to save money again , property taxes are giving me a headache , will take the MCAT soon , need to sell my car , blah blah blah ... but life is still good :) 
I hate when people SCREAM in an argument without making any legitimate or intelligent statements . They think that their loud voices will intimidate people and will make everyone shut up . Yapping Chihuahuas don't intimate me . I can be as loud as 194dB also , but I actually make sense . Screaming in a confrontation is like the Special Olympics ; win or lose , you're still retarded . 
First day of the semester is tomorrow . My first class is Genetics , hmm ... Mendelian , molecular , and population genetics ... this should be interesting ... and difficult . I also applied to Memorial Hermann as a volunteer . I made a request to be placed in ICU , surgery , or a nursing unit . I'm excited to expand my experience and I'm almost done with my second degree , YEEESSS !!! 
We're learning autosomal inheritance , independent assortment of < PROPFIRST > s , chromosome mapping by recombination , allelic and < PROPFIRST > interaction , population and quantitative < PROPFIRST > tics , protein synthesis , regulation of < PROPFIRST > expression , genomics , < PROPFIRST > isolation and manipulation methodology , and < PROPFIRST > tics applications in my Genetics class . Hmm ... this one may require some work . 
SCHOLARSHIP SEASON ! I'm in the process of applying for scholarships again * sigh * headaches , headaches , and more headaches . Most people have no idea how tedious the process is . You work hard to qualify , you work harder to apply for 34328563285 of them , and you work the hardest in order to receive and keep them . Contrary to those who think that I'm spoiled , this is how I receive opportunities ... through HARD WORK . 
Stop your overt and repetitive complaining ! If it's too difficult for you to concentrate in a 3 hour class , then you shouldn't have signed up for it . You want to become a teacher to mentor other students , therefore , why don't you learn something for yourself in order to successfully teach others and stop whining about school ? You don't like to educate yourself , but your < PROPMALE > is Education . Hmm contradiction . 
In regards to my family , don't ever fucking interfere with their accomplishments or distract their focuses . I'm the epitome of motivation and persistence , and I'm motivated to fuck up your life like a junking slamming drugs . Leave hard workers alone or I will make you regret your own fucking existence . I don't get mad , I get even ; ask my ex-friends . Mentality of a G ; I never let a bitch lil bow wow ME . Come again :) 
It's ridiculous when people attend the same school as their friend , take the same classes as their friend , rent a place with their friend , move to the same city as their friend , and work with their friend . Life isn't middle school . You need to lead your own life , possess your own aspirations , maximize your own potentials , and exceed average . 
Everyone judges everyone . We don't have the time to cognitively process everyone's life in detail , so we use heuristics ( cognitive short-cuts ) to make quick inferences and attributions about them . Whether we are correct or wrong , this is part of the human evolutionary process and it simplifies our life . It's not about who judges you on what and how . It's a matter of how well you're able to ignore them and move on . 
You can never replace a BREADWINNER with a chicken head DINNER . Competition ? Yes , I would love some ! Exclamation < PROPFIRST > for EMPHASIS . I don't sympathize with you , little girl , because you're a simple BITCH lol . Time to do some work and expand my knowledge :( my life is boring lol . Have a wonderful day everyone ! 
My employment status changed . I'm now a federal employee who does research at a medical school and medical center . Awesome , right ? No ! This will be helpful for the future ( if I decide to stay with the VA ) , but currently , I'm a student and I see this opportunity as more of an internship since I'm not being compensated as a federal employee . A broke federal employee lol that's even more embarrassing . 
This girl said that she gave birth to stillborn twins after being hit by a drunk 18-wheeler driver . No injuries , no news report , no medical records , no State Attorney statement , no sonograms , doesn't know anything about the driver's sentencing , and her proof is a fake internet picture ... all this to be with her boyfriend . She brought pain upon his family and still continues to lie . What a sick fucking little bitch . 
I'm waiting for the snnoooowww ... hurry up and arrive already so I can take lots of pictures and run around in my backyard with my Eskimo outfit on ! Oh , and people who just love to add me and then delete me several days later ... everything on my profile is basically public because I have nothing to hide , so that's unnecessary . Stop being losers and go eat shit , thanks :) 
Hello little girl , please return to Myspace and stop infesting Facebook with your drama-seeking attitude , childish beliefs , and whorish appearance ; it's not cool . On a happier note ( with a very helpful advice ) , if you can't beat them , join them . This is what I told myself when I couldn't exceed my mentors and professors ; jealous people should do the same . Learn from the best and disregard the rest :) 
Seeing billboards around the city about University of < PROPMALE > being a Tier One Research University just made my whole month ! I was contemplating about my transfer to Rice University ; however , I think that I'll remain here . I'm pretty proud of my school now . Nevertheless , I have a serious Genetics exam this week so bye bye Facebook :) 
I wanted to clean up my Facebook so I made another one . 
I think I'm done with transferring my friends over to my new Facebook . If I requested you , you were significant enough and I wanted you to be a part of my life * tear * lol . If not , you're either annoying or you suck lol ! Bye bye . Have a wonderful night ! 
