is standing up to begin the year . See you all at the Downtown Comedy Club in an hour . Ready ? Go . 

is holding out hope that the steelers can sneak into the playoffs even though they clearly don't deserve it . 
seriously cannot figure out what the HELL is wrong with my Steelers ! :( 
can give the Dodgers his full attention now that he is marginally satisfied by a Laker victory . 
is going to the Dodger game ! 
lost his voice cheering for his beloved Dodgers ( who won by the way ! ) ! 
thinks it's funny that only his white best friend remembered Juneteenth . 
bought new jeans . 
is watching < PROPFIRST > at 3:15 am . 
is trying to sing < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s song in a strange land . 
believes in the PINEAPPLE EXPRESS 
survived his first day of work ! 
just saw manny be manny 
is about to lose his mind on account of the Dodgers right now . 
is telling jokes tomorrow night at the Pig N Whistle in Hollywood . 7:30 pm . $10 cover and no drink minimum . Be effing there or else . 
had a good salad for lunch . 
wants to see all your asses who are in LA at the Pig N Whistle this Tuesday at 7:30 pm . 6714 Hollywood Blvd . $10 . I am HOSTING THE MOTHERFUCKING SHOW . 
reminds all y'all SoCal folk to bring ya asses to the Pig N Whistle tomorrow . 7:30 . I am hosting . 6714 Hollywood Blvd . 
did his thang yesterday . The show was awesome . Good times and great sets ... yay ! 
aced a MENSA practice test . 
is doing it yet again : Pig N Whistle ... 7:30 pm ... $10 cover + 0 drink minimum .... LA-A . Be there ! 
is ready for the show tomorrow . Pig N Whistle like usual . 
wants you to come to his fucking show tonight . 7:30 . Pig N Whistle . 
is discombobulated , yet motivated ; sober , yet unclear ; stirred , yet not shaken . 
is finding it hard to deal and would really just like to not be sober anymore . 
is at the park . 
will be @ Summerslam ! 
would like to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone today . 
is back at it again at the PIG N WHISTLE !!! 7:30 pm . $5 + 1 drink . Funny shit . Be there and watch me do my thing . 
wants you to come to the show tonight ... Pig N Whistle ... 7:30 ! Jokes . 
put in work again last night at the Pig N Whistle . Thakns to those who came . Next week , he should be hosting . 
is at it again . 
is happy getthing < PROPFEMALE > but is begging for Halladay . 
is fighting that old , familiar feeling . 
is doin it . 
wants to know How YOU Doin ... 
is crunk right now . 
is on twitter now . follow me @ www.twitter.com/JulesM35 . 
loves that < PROPMALE > Barker and < PROPMALE > Sharpton are in negotiations to be guest host on WWE Raw ! 
says hennessey and a dutch . straight west coastin ' son 
wants you to come tomorrow night at 7:30 pm to the Downtown Comedy Club and hear these jokes !! 
: District 9 -- Further proof that white people should not be in charge of shit . 
had an awesome time at Summerslam . Now for the last week before school starts ! 
The Trojans are marching upward . The Sooners have already been stopped . 
is taking suggestions for blog post for the new Planet < PROPMALE > website . What do y'all want to see/hear ? 
sees further reason that college football needs a playoffs . fuckin eh . 
: unplugged , disc 1 , track 12 . 
would like to meet the man who thought that 8am was an acceptable time to start a meeting on Saturday . ( By meet , I mean shank ) . 
bought a new shirt but may not leave his hotel room . 
sees a path for USC to get back into the national title hunt ! 
had a great set tonight . VIDEO CLIPS TO FOLLOW ! 
is off to < PROPMALE>'s play reading in NoHo . It's gonna be the shit ! 
will post part 2 of his set after his views are in the triple digits . y'all don't wanna miss this next bit ! 
needs thirteen more of you motherfuckers to watch my new video before you get the new jokes . www.youtube.com/JulesM35 
is coming to New York City in late October . Shout out to KWeeze and the kids from the Comic Strip ! Get at me . 
y'all made it happen . got the < PROPFIRST > in the triple digits in under 2 days ! the second clip is gonna be up within an hour !! get at me . 
is so congested somebody might die . 
thanks you all for the love so far . Please keep it up and watch my shit ! i will post part 3 tonight . put the kids to bed before you watch it . 
is uploading his shit right now ! 
is writin ' 
good sports weekend for Los < PROPFEMALE > . Word up . 
has one final part of his routine to release . He will try to get to that sometime tomorrow . Keep watching the other stuff though ! 
is having eel for lunch . 
is totally into black girls now . 
thanks all you reliables . And is therefore uploading part 4 ! 
was just time raped . 
< PROPFEMALE > LOS DOYERS 
is hosting the preshow at the Downtown Comedy Club this Friday , next Friday and next Saturday . It's ladies ' month at the comedy club but you can hear your boy bring them out ! 
loves the anti-steroids commercials during < PROPMALE > league baseball . 
is smelling a 2-0 lead for the boys in blue . < PROPFEMALE > los doyers . 
how bout them DODGERS son ! 
shout out to the Nobel Peace Prize Committee . Yes we can ! 
wants you all to come see him tonight at the Downtown Comedy Club . I'm bringin the ladies up proper ! See you at 8 downtown ! 
is polishing his set for tonight . 
< PROPFIRST > doin ' work 
rafi doin work ! GO DODGERS ! 
< PROPMALE > doin work . Go Doyers . 
manny doing work ! 
won a guitar at Six Flags for dominating a 3 point shooting contest ! 
is at the Underground Comedy Lounge in Downtown LA this Wednesday at 8 and the Downtown comedy Club this Friday and Saturday at 9pm . See you all there ! 
is sick of people having good Mondays . Get the memo people -- you're supposed to be cursing the skies ! ... God bless . 
wtf is up with the mlb playoffs ? every team that advanced has a ridiculous 9th inning comeback story . wow ! 
is going to try not to whoop some ass today . 
is trying not to have a Monday on a Tuesday . 
learned something new about how the game is played today . 
is at the Unerground Comedy Lounge tonight in downtown LA . 8pm . Come if you can stand to laugh . 
wow , a rainy day in Los < PROPFEMALE > . I'm sure somewhere a midget feels 6 feet tall . 
will do what he has to until he can do what he's destined to . 
killed tonight ! as soon as the powers that be crack open the door , < PROPMALE > is busting through that mofo ! Thanks for the support . See you all at the Downtown Comedy Club Friday and Saturday . 
is taking the PSATs . 
c'mon blue ! 
and the moment has come . bottom of the 9th . who wants to be a hero ?? 
neeeeeeds the dodgers to win this series :( 
will see you all at the Downtown Comedy club tonight at 8pm ! 
saw < PROPFIRST > Brown yesterday . More importantly , he saw a bum scream , \If you ever touched my sister I'd fuck you up\ " to < PROPFIRST > Brown yesterday . " 
is way too upset with the damn Dodgers to even really be upset . 
is headed to new York City tomorrow ! < PROPFEMALE>'s room stand up ! i will see you all on Friday ! 
just got to his hotel in New York City ! 
is off to explore the New School and have breakfast . 
is at the Inkwell Cafe in the BK tonight tellin jokes . 9pm . Come out ! 
is hosting < PROPFEMALE>'s Room at the Comic Strip Live this Friday at 6 ! Come see me and my superfriends rock the joint and preparty with us ! 
loves Phillies . hates THE Phillies . 
is on his way to the comic strip right now ! 
was ready to run around aimlessly in the City today but the rain is seeing that that doesn't happen . I am glad to live in Cali more and more on days like this . 
is probably going to have to detox soon . 
is OVER THE WEATHER IN NEW YORK SHITTY . 
goodbye new york 
people get ready . there's a change a-coming . 
and his normal Monday gloom only heightened . 
and the day the week ends . 
and the rebirth of a cappella ? 
and the day we were all locked in . 
is going to WRESTLEMANIA . 
needs to find someone to twist his hair and start his dreads . anyone in the LA area worthy of recommendation ? 
and the day he gave < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > one more < PROPMALE > . 
has a date with Mr. Cooper next weekend . 
and the ever-tightening clamps . 
and < PROPFEMALE>'s Salon Takeover !! 
and the time he finally took a sick day . 
had the strangest night . I wonder if tonight can top it . 
has got to find someone in LA who can twist dreads . Help ! 
has only the steelers left until march madness . 
wants a Droid but has to wait almost a year for the new every two to kick in . 
does anybody want to watch the survivor series with me ? 
is at the Downtown Comedy Club again this Saturday . New material . You're all invited . 
has nothing left for the world today . 
finally got his bio up on a comedy club website . Downtown Comedy Club is the shit ! 
is reminded that without a vision , the people perish . 
enjoyed the show at the DTCC . Kudos to all who were on it . 
is on to something new . 
SHEAMUS ! 
is celebrating Thanksgiving vacation in PHILLIEdelphia . 
is grateful . 
remembers with gratitude a specific Thanksgiving involving two cool kids from Humboldt County in New Jersey and Massachusetts . Blessings to all . 
ugh . 
so Tiger Woods was in a car accident today . Driver was always his least reliable asset . 
is off to < PROPMALE>'s wedding ! 
long live IHOP . 
and the day that vacation ended . 
is stepping back into the Urban Comedy Experience this Wednesday . Downtown stand up ! 
STFO 
is STFO . 
enjoyed himself at Wild Wednesdays . Big ups to Martini and < PROPMALE > . Let's hope they invite me back . 
downtown comedy club tomorrow . 9pm . be there . 
SAT proctor by day/stand-up comic by night . Come to the Downtown Comedy Club tonight and see me and my friends put in work ! 
had another solid show at the DTCC . Love to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ( and Mo in her absence ) and all my funny buddies who also took the stage . 
what the heck is wrong with my teams ?? 
Jesus , guide me through this day . 
and the line between yin and < PROPFEMALE > . 
is dreaming big . 
wonders who wants to watch the TLC ppv with him this Sunday . 
RIP NFL season . 
wishes he were in new york tonight . 
added something new to the repertoire tonight . 
is wrapped up in his snuggie . 
is soooo excited for TLC tonight ! Two ladder matches ! 
is really just trying to get through this last hard week of work before winter vacation . 
is hosting the preshow Friday and Saturday at the Downtown Comedy Club . 8pm . Great headliner . New material from your boy . Please be there ! 
heard that < PROPMALE > Hart is headed back to the WWE temporarily and literally almost peed in his pants with Glee . ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
has heard < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s tragic call to keep my shit together and live life properly . Love those you have and avoid drama . 
is at the Downtown Comedy Club tonight at 8 . Be there ! 
feels like he just got paroled ! 
and the Downtown Comedy Club weekend of awesomeness continues tonight at 8 . 
is not participating in society today . If that is a problem , you are free to leave a message with the receptionist I don't have . 
thanks god for the thunder f* #k . it comes in from Vancouver . 
is trying to figure out the tornado winds outside right now . This is LA people . Let us not forget . 
, < PROPFEMALE > cane < PROPFIRST > , and worlds that collide . 
had a great time tonight . Happy Kwanzaa to all ! 
could've almost died today . 
and < PROPMALE > the Hitman Hart are together again at last . 
bought Final Draft and is well on the way . 
almost sliced his finger to the white meat . APparently OJ's knife techniques don't work on pepper < PROPFIRST > cheese , only on white girls ( allegedly ) . 
cuts with his right hand and eats with his left . So , now that he has almost cut off his left index finger , he is finding it slightly challenging to eat his dinner . 
and the recurring back issues . 
got a new blackberry to hold him over until he can get the droid . not everyone's phone < PROPFIRST > are making the switch . just saying ... 
needs everyone's BBM info . 
was awake at the witching hour . 
has had nightmares about this < PROPFEMALE>'s defense before . 
saw the official end of the New England < PROPFEMALE > . Amen . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > IS AWESOME ! 
and < PROPMALE > are about to get crunked 
now knows that < PROPFIRST > Cera in his underwear is not enough to < PROPFEMALE > a movie for me anymore . I don't blame the writers as much as I blame the director for not putting him in briefs . 
has begun . 
will be downtown for the Urban Comedy Experience tomorrow . 8pm . Come out and laugh bitches . 
just saved a white boy's life today . 
really thought he lived in Los < PROPFEMALE > but , judging from the HAIL OUTSIDE , he was obviously mistaken . 
is trying to figure out how it is not even lunchtime yet . I feel like I've been here forever . 
is officially cool as of today . 
learned two very important life mantras : 1 . Treat others as THEY want to be treated , not as you want to be treated yourself . 2 . Fight principles , not opponents . 
is on stage three times this week . All downtown . Yeah . 
had a solid set tonight at Wild Wednesdays . Get ready for the long version Friday and Saturday at the Downtown Comedy Club ! 
is expecting everyone in LA at the Downtown Comedy Club tonight and/or tomorrow night for these jokes , yo . 
had a great set tonight . I love the Downtown Comedy Club ! 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Lawler is whack as an annoucer now . 
is officially ont he Road to Wrestlemania . 
just discovered Wale . Wow . 
wants every sista to listen to Shades by Wale today . 
it feels so good not to be a hater . 
is diggin \Who I Am\ " by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the Administration . It's a surprisingly mature and grown up album and the guitars are insane . " 
is excited to watch the Super Bowl today on his brand new HDTV ! 
is thus far unimpressed with the commercials . 
' s kid just got into U of A . Go Wildcats ! 
is going to try to steal some stage time tonight at the Downtown Comedy Club . Either way , the show should be awesome so come on out ! 
ripped it up at the Downtown Comedy Club tonight . Shout out to < PROPMALE > Izquieta and < PROPMALE > G for bringing the fire too ! 
would really love to punch Monday in the face . 
and the next evolution . 
will be in Boston for a brief time in April for a college counselor tour ! Shout out to the Juneteenth crew . 
really expects to see everyone in LA at the Downtown Comedy Club Friday night . I promise to be hilarious ! 
and the school day that ended with a cappella . 
and the wednesday that includes both music and comedy . 
loves telling jokes to and for funny people . 
here's another hit < PROPMALE > Bonds . 
wants everyone to come out to the DOwntown Comedy Club tomorrow night . 9pm !! 
is intrigued by the gubernatorial candidacy of < PROPFEMALE > Whitman . * * still not quite enough to really give a damn . 
is planning a set list for tonight . thoughts ? 
has a remix planned for the BET joke tonight . Downtown Comedy Club . 9pm . 
wants you to follow him on twitter at JulesM35 . 
will be downtown LA this Thursday for some comedy ! Crocker Club . Be there . 
is counting down the days ... 
is feeling a little hood today , maybe because I am listening to \Soldier\ " by < PROPFEMALE>'s Child . " 
is on stage tonight . Crocker Club , downtown LA . 8pm . Free . As always , I will be bringing the funny . Possibly wear Depends . 
is getting ready for the show . Come out to the Crocker Club tonight at 8 . Downtown LA stand up ! 
had a great set tonight and now is back to the regularly scheduled business of getting old . 
had a wonderful birthday . Thanks to all who came out to play and who sent their electronic and/or telephonic love . 
and the incubation stage . 
is going to start an email list to keep people updated on my shows ( like the one this Friday at the Downtown Comedy Club ) . Send me a message with your email if you'd like to be added . 
is making changes to his fb . Stay tuned ! Remember to send me your email address if you want to be put on the mailing list ( unless you already have , in which case just sit tight) ! 
will be at the Downtown Comedy Club this Friday . Getcha popcorn ready . 
and the day he sang < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in front of the whole school ... 
and the day he learned that tomato watermelon gazpacho is a bad idea ... 
will see you at the Downtown Comedy CLub in a couple hours . the end . 
enjoyed himself filling in for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > yesterday . Good show all . Downtown Comedy Club continues to be my home away from apartment . 
kind of only feels like a normal human being when he is on stage . 
didn't make a New Year's resolution but will make a slightly late birthday resolution : to shut up and actually follow the Platinum Rule . 
is so excited for Monday Night Raw right now it's silly . Don't hate . 
would like to thank the state of California for making a written test easy enough for brotha like me to pass without studying . 
sure ( does not ) know(s ) how to pick a winner . 
and the day he still remembered a new , funny joke . 
is making the Road to Wrestlemania playlist . 
must be high to buy a bottle of water that claims to have the equivalent of 8 bananas , 29 apples , and 33 cups of blueberries and only 5 calories . To top it off this shit tastes like lemon lime . 
plans to begin really using Twitter to more of its potential . Follow me if you aren't already : JulesM35 
will be warming up the crowd at the Downtown Comedy Club this Friday at 8 with my boy < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Come see me and one of my best friends and then stay for a show that never disappoints ! 
will be telling jokes downtown 3 days this week . Crocker Club tomorrow . 8pm . See you there . 
wonders where all the good spellers have gone ... 
Crocker Club . 8pm . Jokes by me . Be there . 
annihilated the Crocker Club . Love to my fellow performers . See everyone Friday and Saturday night The Downtown Comedy Club . 9pm . Boom . 
is back at the Downtown Comedy Club tonight on the main show . Open mic with some of my friends starts at 8 . Bring ya asses ! 
They should legalize weed and criminalize Benadryl . This ish is way more dangerous and euphoric . 
Will be at at the downtown comedy club this weekend . Will you ? 
date night , souplantation , comedy club . go . 
is headed to New York City tomorrow with a bunch of kids . At least spring break only involved two trips to the hospital . 
is about to commit a homicide if his neighbors don't get a clue and turn that bullshit down . 
welcome aboard southwest airline's service to new york . we will be taking the 405 to the 10 ... 
has been in New York City now still for less than a 7 hours and was already offered drugs and a prostitute . Yeah ! 
Went through thw < PROPMALE > tunnel today ! I might be the only one in the world who will be happy to see it today 
so yeah ... about the tunnel .... FUCK IT and all that TRAFFIC . jesus . this is why I moved ( well that and needing a job ) . Now for Ollies for Chinese and < PROPFIRST > Hart at the Comic Strip . Only one thing missing .... 
is grateful for really good friends who believe in me and in whom I believe , for common damn sense , for New York , for Los < PROPFEMALE > , and for a firsthand reminder that comedy is a privilege and not a birthright . 
and the day he played pied < PROPFEMALE > ... 
has one extra ticket to In the Heights tonight that he would love to be able to give to one of his friends if they picked up their phones . Show is at 7 . If you want it , call me now ! 
had another incredibly strange night in New York that involved three old friends , one amazing trip to broadway , a good deed that took my breath away for all the wrong reasons , a little good cop/bad cop in which i was the good cop , and a 90% robbery-proof * taxi-SUV . * number is an estimation , not a claim made by the lovely people at New York City Taxi Cab Co . 
will admit this only once ... I LOVE J-Lo in Enough . That movie is badass . 
is a better chaperon because of all of the crime and detective shows he watches on cable . < PROPFIRST > - 1 , sneaky 16 year old - 0 
can feel his body continually breaking down . thank you allergies and everything else . 
Is not having it today from these kids . Jesus , please < PROPFIRST > from getting too black today . 
< PROPFIRST > 7 -- Kids 0 . Honestly , I could be Matlock . 
finds it difficult to take a deep breath and relax when he can't take a deep breath or relax . 
happy holidays ! 
is having fun apartment shopping . 
Thinks that if you are a ) overweight and/or b ) intend on sleeping from LA to Boston in a row will people like me need to get up frequently , I should have the right to stab you . 
Mentally yes , physically no 
is about to take a bubble bath for the first time in over a decade , since he has been too big to fit in a normal tub . 
Is at < PROPMALE > u , the site of his greatest a cappella triumph . < PROPFEMALE > la < PROPMALE > ark . Shout out to all route niners past , present , and future . 
< PROPMALE > X's assassin was released from prison today . May the peace that Brother Shabazz knew before his death also find his murderer and may all of us not only understand the stupidity of racism and violence but be motivated to eliminate it . 
would like to thank the lakers for showing up . There is a date with Shaquille O'neal on the horizon . Don't ruin it . 
\The ink of a scholar is worth more than the blood of a martyr . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Fiasco " 
Is safe back in LA . 
Is officially off duty to the world today . Try again tomorrow and wait for the beep to leave a message . 
and his first really long set . 
and the call to arms . 
Has his hoodie and his game face on . 
Los Cavaliers estan viniendo . 
Will be scratching his comedic itches at Good Hurt tomorrow night . 
may 22 . downtown comedy club . 8pm . me . this is your first notice . 
has a lot on his mind and feels like saying the absolute worst of it tonight on stage . 
Will be living in the most spectacular apartment in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > in less than a month . Say word son . 
would like to thank the audience at the strip club for being more attentive than the audience at the christian birthday party . 
read the Tao Te < PROPFEMALE > today on his Droid while walking to work . I love that technology has brought me closer to living simply . 
feels really nice being a Celtics hater tonight . 
is grateful not to have a baby momma on this fine holiday . I can only afford to take one lady out to < PROPFIRST>'s . 
returns to the Downtown COmedy Club stage in exactly one week . 
needs you to come see him at the Downtown Comedy Club this Saturday at 8pm . My mom might be there so come just to see if I'll tell the same rated R material in front of my mama ... 
can almost taste the blue dream 
and the day we bought new furniture ... 
is in the finals of the schoolwide < PROPFEMALE > pong tournament . Woo woo woo . 
is a PC and Windows 7 was his idea . 
needs to see your faces and hear your laughter tomorrow at the Downtown Comedy Club at 8pm . Be there or feel a little bad about yourself . 
is looking for a friend with a pickup truck who might wanna move a bed from town to town . 
is in the mood to hear some jokes tonight and to tell some jokes tomorrow . See you all downtown . 
needs you all Downtown tonight ! 
and the set list . 
Is at the club and the peeps aare gathering . Jokes to follow . 
would like to thank the many people who came to my show and the many others who thought good thoughts . Special shout out to the Downtown Comedy Club for being the ish . 
after the android takeover , is anyone still proud to have a blackberry curve ? 
that friggin Dannonino commercial is too cute . Almost makes a brotha wanna buy some yogurt . 
My car just tried to eat my cable money . Shout out to the poor people with jobs going paycheck to paycheck . 
returns to the Crocker Club stage Thursday , June 3 . Details tp follow . Getcha popcorn ready . 
anybody need a perfectly fine , perfectly cheap futon ? 
and the day he got his yearbook signed . 
Thank dog it's Friday . 
and the countdown until the move . 
would like everyone who cares to know that my evil mind thought of a ton of material relative to Mr. < PROPMALE > , but I'm going to hold back for as long as I can . 
wrote a song today . 
has got people and places to see and be downtown tonight . 
watching the French Open reminds me the reason I needed that 1080p HDTV . 
There's a big weekend of comedy coming to downtown LA ! 1 . Crocker Club on Thursday w/ Me , < PROPMALE > Izquieta , et . < PROPMALE > . 2 . Downtown Comedy Club on Friday with < PROPFIRST > Nouriel , et . < PROPMALE > . 3 . Downtown Comedy Club on Saturday with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , et . < PROPMALE > . 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > The Story of Us on the History Channel and they just explained the telegraph by saying that it's like twitter . Welcome to the 21st century worldview officially . 
send a thank you to all the vets and heroes who've made my dreams more possible in this country . We still have a way to go but I am so grateful for your sacrifices . 
Is reminded once again that truth is stranger than fiction . Let the ideas flow ! 
and the season 2 finale . 
Is movin on up . 
is giddy for the furniture arriving tomorrow . If we like you , come visit us ! 
wants you to come out and see him and his friends at the Crocker Club tomorrow night . 8pm ! 
and the time he got comfortable on some brand new furniture . 
RIP Rue . < PROPFEMALE > is the last < PROPFEMALE > girl standing . 
wonders if a ) there are still tickets available to the Yankees/Dodgers series at the end of the month and b ) if anyone would like to go with him to a game . 
has one or two new jokes for the lucky crowd at Crocker Club tonight . 
and a Sunday full of gospel music . 
will be telling jokes tonight at Hollywood Billiards in ... Hollywood . 9pm . Bring ya asses ! 
and another long ass day . 
is finding it hard to say . 
has a little treat for y'all in a few . 
really needs to go get his hair did . 
And today's math lesson : 1 + 1/4 = 1 happy mofo 
will anyone else be watching the basketball match tonight ? 
, white widow , some fries , and a vacuum filter . 
wrote a brand new joke . 
is going to Oregon on Sunday . 
will be HOSTING the 8pm show this Friday at the Downtown Comedy Club . Bring ya asses . 
Is losing the ability to hear out of his left ear . 
is on stage tonight in Culver City and tomorrow at the Downtown Comedy Club 
white widow . 
and the jokes that he might tell . 
will be at the Downtown Comedy Club tonight . 
: the world is a hustle . 
the neighbors are BLASTING contemporary christian rock tunes . 
shoutout to the mofos who are also always on facebook . you know who you are . 
is looking forward to Oregon . 
' s neck is getting its ass kicked by this hair dryer . 
is about to hop a jet plane . 
Would like to thank the men and women who take the place of deadbeat ass trifling ass sperm biological fathers . Have a beer and a cheap card on me today . 
Just paid $35 for a cr'sandwich . Thank you LAX . 
i bet today is maury povich's favorite holiday . 
I think these green things in oregon are called trees . Shoutout to all my people back in LA breathing air they can see right now . 
, a lot of wine , some beer , pool , great conversation , mucus , compostable water bottles , etc . ( but not prune danish ) . 
Day 2 in Oregon . Granola to follow . 
has a scratch in his throat and a pretty good idea who to blame . 
Locally produced pinot noir . 
Doesn't understand how Jesus stayed so nice to people . There is less wine still in my bloodstream than he alleged had constantly flowing through his and I am about to be a bitch . 
Instead of counting volkswagons I am going to count closeted gays with girlfriends wandering about this christian college . 
Anyone who has ever said something to the effect of \life took a great big crap on me\ " as a negative has obviously never been constipated . " 
is drinking hot tea and iced tea at the same time . 
and the Oregon wine country . 
is thinking about moving to oregon . 
hasn't watched tv in a few days and the first show that he turned on was Judge < PROPFEMALE > . 
On this day two years ago , < PROPFIRST > went on stage and told jokes for the first time ever . Thank you to those who have mentored and supported me thus far . The best is yet to come . 
has not had that much to drink ( on the job ) since rookie camp 2004 . Shout out to < PROPMALE > Bromberg and < PROPFIRST > Quigley . 
And the quest to learn the Integrated Mind Body Training technique . 
is at the airport , only partially excited to return to Los < PROPFEMALE > . 
feels like a wolf in a baby sheep factory . 
has landed . 
July 1 . Crocker Club . Downtown LA . Me . My Friends . Jokes . Bring ya asses . 
is proud of team USA . 
And a chorus line . 
talk to me . 
and the hunt to learn something new today . 
dear Yankees , \ 
\ 
Eat it . \ 
Love , \ 
Los Doyers 
unbelievable . 
watches last night's Boondocks . 
wonders what jokes to tell this Thursday . 
' s credit score is up 9 points . If this keeps up , I might have to get some Coppertone or something . 
needs to see each of your lovely faces downtown tomorrow night at the Crocker Club . Comedy starts at 8 . I promise to be funny this time . 
thinks that a sweep of the San < PROPFIRST > Gnats was just what Dr. Scully ordered . Go Blue . 
show TONIGHT ! 8pm . Crocker Club . Be there ! 
is getting that familiar feeling he gets on game day . See you downtown tonight ! 
and the last day before vacation . 
kinda likes the Dutch . 
Is on vacation . Whatever it is that you need , ask somebody else . 
and the increasing hunger to tell jokes for a living . 
< PROPMALE > LESNAR vs . < PROPFIRST > CARWIN 
would like to thank Muhammed < PROPFIRST > for inspiring < PROPMALE>'s rope-a-dope strategy tonight . The champ reigns . 
is proud to be an American and is proud to salute all those who helped shape this nation and give me the freedom to be the freak of nature that I am . Special shoutouts to all those colors and tribes of people whose contributions have been historically overlooked . This nation was built by a quilt , y'all . Let's put back the united in United States . 
will be looking for Grace tomorrow . 
found Grace . 
Saturday . Downtown Comedy Club . 8pm . I'm hosting a show filled with hilarious mofos . 
, the white widow , and the race to a commercial break . 
thinks Shaq should play nice with DWade and sign with the Heat for the veteran's minimum and be apart of the superteam that's developing . What if Bron actually came to South Beach ? 
who wants to go to rock the bells with me ? 
is hosting the 8pm show at the Downtown Comedy Club this Saturday ! New jokes . Be there . 
fatty Js , stereophonic sound . the game of hits ... 
there was an earthquake ? 
is fueling the spaceship . 
is anyone else nauseated and aroused by the LeBronfest going on right now ? 
wow . Team USA and 9 assholes vs . the Lakers next year . 
is about to take the Dominos Challenge . 
will be having a special on Comedy Central tomorrow to announce my joke set for this Saturday at the Downtown Comedy Club . It will be called The Delivery . 
for the record , Dominos Pizza is now good enough to order in the daytime . 
Vin Scully is awesome . 
needs to see you all at the downtown comedy club tonight ! 8pm . 
hot show tonight . great crowd . important day on the planet < PROPMALE > . 
you would almost think that the city of < PROPMALE > and LeBron < PROPFIRST > were bumping uglies with the way Cavs ' fans can't get over this thing already . I'm pretty sure somebody is dedicating \Let it Burn\ " on the radio right now in Ohio . " 
To the obese lady at the cafe who claimed that her fingers were fat because she used to suck on her knuckles , you are a fraud , a liar and a disgrace . Be your own shape boo and stop polluting the air with falsehoods when I'm trying to enjoy my veggie slaw . 
always fun being sick on vaycay . Happy happy joy joy . 
who wants to come over and nurse me back to health ? 
why is it so goddamn hard to see a doctor when one is sick ? i shouldn't have to finance strep throat or sit on hold for an hour to be told that i need to finance strep throat . canada continues to look better every day . 
after 2+ hours on the phone , i finally have a dr. ' s appointment . joy . 
My doc just prescribed some cough med with codeine . Looks like < PROPMALE > will be getting his Lil < PROPMALE > on for the next couple of days . Free Weezy ! 
anyone who changes his/her name on FB loses the right to make fun of rappers who call themselves by multiple things . 
day 3 of feeling like crap , here we go . 
finally , the only true league wins an exhibition game . and i am personally proud of how my dodgers fared . 
is still not feeling like himself . 
the only way the all-star game counting for something is justified this year is if the yankees face either the braves or dodgers in the world series . 
how nice on a hot day to live in the < PROPFEMALE > . 
feels the heat , pressure , and lava in the volcano rising . Lord , let me please have a summer . 
will be stopping by the Downtown Comedy Club tonight and will be hosting the 9pm show there next Saturday . 
can feel it in his feet . 
had a breakthrough tonight . such is the way of the tao i suppose . 
had a great time at the Downtown Comedy . Shout out to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Moote , < PROPMALE > Izquieta , and the other funny bitches who are too cool to be my friend on FB . 
stumbled upon a season 1 episode of Mighty Morphin Power Rangers and feels compelled to watch the whole thing . 
is hosting the main show this Saturday at the Downtown Comedy Club at 9pm . Jackie-Fabulous Champagnie and other hilarious females bringing the funny . Bring ya asses . 
and a toe-curling shade of purple . 
needs good/inexpensive/free headshots . who's doing community service ? 
is going to break in a new hoodie ( and maybe a new joke ) this Saturday at the Downtown Comedy Club . 9pm . 
Downtown Comedy Club . 9m . Be there . 
just for the record ... \ 
1 . you're = you are\ 
2 . your = 2nd person possessive\ 
3 . they're = they are\ 
4 . there = location vis-a-vis here\ 
5 . their = 3rd person plural possessive\ 
You've been told so that many more of you now have no excuse . 
had a wonderful time at the Downtown Comedy Club . Thanks for the love ! 
great win today for the dodgers ! 
needs to be pretty today . 
is doing some advanced lesson planning . you all should be lucky enough to take my class next semester . 
just re-watched the scene from FResh < PROPMALE > of Bel-Air where Will's dad walks out on him . I haven't actually cried in a long time but a brotha was all sorts of choked up after that . \ 
Two things people :\ 
1 . Deadbeat parents are the worst . Raise your fucking kids ( right ) . \ 
2 . Lord , please don't Will Smith be a scientologist . Can you take < PROPFIRST > Tucker instead ? 
my office is literally killing me . #allergictoeverything 
and the bluest of dreams . 
I love the time in sports right before a trade deadline . The landscape changes beautifully every day . I think this kind of drama is also why I am a proud member of the WWE Universe for over two decades . 
dear Facebook , \ 
They aren't \People I May Know\ " if they ain't got no freaking friends . \ 
is so close to a great idea . 
it's time for Dodger baseball ! 
i really dislike the giants . 
If you're on the Westside and want something fun to do , go see < PROPMALE > Saia Saia in A Chorus Line at the < PROPFIRST > Wixon Theater at 8pm . Only a few tix left . \ 
If you're near downtown and want something fun to do , come see ME at the Downtown Comedy Club at 8pm . In support of the Dodgers I will be going very blue with my jokes tonight . 
thinks < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > will do well in pitcher-friendly Dodger Stadium . 
ahhhhh Giants ! 
i have faith that August will be better for the Dodgers . And now , on to the busines of jokes . 
today may have been a day . 
can feel it in the air . 
Lunell . < PROPFEMALE > Barbolak . Me . Cheap Drinks . Jokes . Downtown Comedy Club . Saturday beginning at 8pm . 
Wyclef is running for president of Haiti . You probably missed the news because Linsday Lohan was getting out of jail early . 
for the record I am no longer accepting friend requests from people who smell bad . 
is headed downtown . 
always has fun at the Crocker Club . 
invites all of you to the downtown comedy club tomorrow night at 8pm . Funny stuff going down , including yours truly . see you there . 
shepherd's pie , butternut squash soup , a limited release beer , a beautiful blue dream , friday night smackdown . what could be better ? 
is up for the business of being funny today . 
omg i am a potato fiend . 
was selected to participate in the first annual Hollywood Comedy Fest ! More details to follow . You're all coming . 
cheering for the cubs is like buying a ticket for an outdated out-of-state lottery with money you stole out of a bum's jar while he wasn't looking . 
lord hold my mule while i shout . if the dodgers lose this game ... 
please christ bring on football season . 
earth atmosphere is too much . retreating to my spaceship for a while . 
if Verizon thinks that an endless loop of instrumental < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is going to do drive me to < PROPFEMALE > up on tech support and still have crappy wireless , they have another thing coming . I'm scrong family . Please pray . 
an hour of only partial resolution and my soul is starting to hurt . what's that i hear ? cuz i'm your laaaaaaaaaaady . sing sister . sing . 
if you had a superpower , what would it be ? 
Today's helpful hint is brought to you by merriamwebster.com:\ 
1 . loosing - transitive verb - to make loose , to free from restraint , to let fly , and/or to make less rigid . \ 
2 . losing - adj - to not be winning . \ 
People don't really know that you didn't pay attention in class until you type it . Planet < PROPMALE > is here to help . 
froyo 2.2 
And @rickizquieta are tje entertsinment at a 25th hs reunion . Was supposed to start at 6 . #cptime 
everything about Droid is better after this update . and everything was already great . 
I'm telling jokes tomorrow night ! 
Does anyone know where I can buy a new laptop carger in person today ? 
im in riverside tonight at the mission tobacco lounge telling jokes at 8:30 . see you there . 
anyone wanna come to Citywalk and see some comedy at 8 ? \ 
your only other option is the downtown comedy club to see < PROPMALE > Izquieta 
keeps meeting/hearing about people named < PROPFIRST > . I'm feeling less unique but no less special . Go < PROPFIRST > (s) ! 
Go Steelers ! 
loves to hear the < PROPFEMALE > Spangled Banner . 
Dammit . I can't help but like Coach K now . Kinda wish Team USA would've picked < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > or < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
is not feeling very patient or tolerant today . In other news , I will be telling jokes downtown tonight at 8 o'clock . 
calling all pretenders to the floor . 
is planning an ambitious meal for his sister with the slave voice . 
has a headache and a disposition that can only be treated by a good class followed by something purple . 
will be in St. < PROPFEMALE > during the high school reunion . 
will be hosting the 8pm show tomorrow at the Downtown Comedy Club . I want to see all of you there ! 
is smokin ' with the cigarettes . 
steeler nation stand up . 
The owner of Segway died in a Segway accident . In other news I still haven't switch to Geico . \ 
( there's a segway for you ) . 
really wants to live in England for a medium period of time and come back , among other things , with an accent . 
how < PROPFEMALE > is it that I am chatting about facebook on facebook while watching a trailer for \the social network \"?" 
just introduced my mom to my sister . 
is on a plane . Let's see ... \ 
Loud baby ... check\ 
Late middle guy ... check\ 
Smelly fat guy ... check\ 
Hilariously gay flight attendant ... check\ 
Leg room ... 
My cabbie is telling me about how white girls love black guys because we are stronger and like the smoking ... 
Hello San < PROPFIRST > ! 
Who do I know that wants to < PROPFEMALE > out in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? 
, a few free glasses of cabernet , an upcoming walk to Chinatown for dinner . If anyone is in or close to San < PROPFEMALE > and would like to eat/have drinks tonight ... now's your < PROPMALE > . call/text me asap ! 
Someone might not survive this train ride . There is nothing on my face that says I am interested in your ignorant ass conversation . If my headphones are in , my computer is open , and my eyes are glazing over , how much do you really think I want to talk to you ?? 
When I'm sick I use a lot of smileys :( . 
The lesson for today is : sometimes you just have be still . 
is hosting a comedy show at La < PROPFEMALE > Restaurant tomorrow . Bring ya asses . I have many things to say . 
\The children of children/ While still young and sweet \ 
jokes and jokes and jokes and jokes . 
can't wait for Bragging Rights . 
needs to start really being able to tell people no . Expect more of it . 
What is this ? Green Dream ? Whaaa ? 
Hey . I'm in a great show this Wednesday at La < PROPFEMALE > restaurant . We're celebrating < PROPFIRST > Puckett being too poor to continue living in LA . Come hear some jokes ! 8pm . 2501 Wilshire Blvd . 
filled out his sample ballot and is ready for Tuesday ! 
I'm at La < PROPFEMALE > tonight for yhe public crucifixion of < PROPFIRST > Puckett 
will be at the Downtown Comedy Club tomorrow at 8pm . Getcha popcorn ready . 
will also be HOSTING the 8pm show this Saturday at the Downtown Comedy Club . See you downtown all weekend . 
I know I must be a comedian because I never feel as complete as I do during a great set . Wonderful night at the Downtown Comedy Club as usual . New jokes , great crowd . See you next time . 
please come to the Ice House this Wednesday ! I'm going to spit hot lava all up in that comedy club . 8pm . 
see you at the Ice House tonight at 8 . Boom . 
ice house . 8pm . be there . 
Had a great time at the Ice House last night . If you went you saw me spit hot lava . If you didn't , you better bring your ass next time . This funny is about to get serious . 
Kanye , you've done it again . 
SURVIVOR SERIES ! 
Dear North Korea , \ 
Stop it . \ 
Love , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
just purchased the Harper Blynn EP . I suggest you all do the same . 
I am a camel with a very heavy load . The next straw is the last straw . 
is tempted by this < PROPFIRST > game . 
Your\ 
car is Japanese . Your pizza is Italian . Your potato is < PROPMALE > . Your \ 
wine is Chilean . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Colombian . Your\ 
tea is Darjeeling . Your watch is Swiss . Your fashion is French . Your \ 
shirt is Indian . Your shoes are Thai . Your radio is Korean . Your vodka \ 
... is Russian . And then you complain your neighbour is an immigrant ? Pull \ 
yourself together ! Against racism , copy & paste . 
#11 If I ever needed to talk to anyone about anyone or anything , you are undoubtedly the first person to whom I would turn . 
so who wants to play this silly < PROPFIRST > game ? I'll gladly oblige . Message me . 
is going to tell some jokes tomorrow at 8 at LaFonda . So much to say ... 
and the indefinite radio silence . 
Hello friends ... Come out tomorrow night to the Downtown Comedy Club . I'm hosting @ 8pm . See you tomorrow . 
this is definitely going to be a great day . 
Killed it again . 
28 in 23 . 
will be at La < PROPFEMALE > Restaurant tonight with < PROPMALE > Izquieta telling some jokes . Roll through ! 
Is going to enjoy his birthweek . See you all this Saturday at the Downtown Comedy Club . 
tomorrow night . downtown comedy club . 9pm . my birthday on stage . see you then . 
thank you . 
will be at the Warehouse in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on Monday and La < PROPFEMALE > near downtown LA this Wednesday . Come hear these jokes while they're still cheap . 
La < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Jokes and such . 
