somtimes i think \hmm maybe i should do stuff\ " but then i remember im in strasburg with no money go figure ....... " 

weebles wobble but they dont fall down ? 
Before you criticize someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . That way when you criticize them , you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes . 
quote from < PROPMALE > \bitch i will eat your children \"" 
Modern Warfare 2 !!! 
bored .... gonna play modern warfare to and pack some of my stuff for connecticut 
my cat has long whiskers ? 
drinkin tea and doing school ............ 18 allriiight 
bored out of my mind . listening to arguements in the kitchen cant wait to get my tv ......... 18 allriiiiight . 
so .... bored cant find anything to do probably just gonna play mw2 
your dead to me 
The day the world ends i shall start the grave of opportunity . welcome to the grave ;o 
You know nothing on the crunch ! 
I am < PROPMALE > Ciccio , specialist in citrus weaponry 
i am ....... el superbeasto 
last night was pretty allright ......... 
so uhh .... i dont care if your not interested ..... just click on this i wanna see if it works http://www.mspointsgenerators.com/?i=302948 
somthing about tacos ? 
my brother only fights kids half his age and 1/3 his weight 
i just don't know what to say . 
ICANHAZCHEEZBURGER ?!!! 1 
one time i was thinking about somthing ...... but i forgot what i was thinking before i could remember what i was thinking about 
i think im going to stay up aaallllllllllllll night cause i cant fall asleep 
youve just awaken a hibernating bear ... im gonna claw your throat bitch 
hanging on , here untill im gone , right where i belong , just hanging on 
today i was splitting wood . and i broke a so called \indestructable\ " log splitter . and i think i fractured my hand as well lol " 
Before you hedge those bets you placed against me\ 
Be reticent of fortunes they foretell\ 
Your verbal defecation i can't wash away despite myself\ 
Your vanity , it seems , has served you well 
i did a horrible thing , i feel terrible , i feel as of late im a failure as a person , and i dont know what to do anymore 
cleanin the room gonna roll the day 
school's closed due to aids 
so apparently it is acceptable to paint your face like a clown , and be uninformed of the workings of magnets . 
