when did ordering pizza get so damn complicated ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 

bored 
enjoying a very large bottle of cheap wine 
My wonderful boyfriend jusy made the best breakfast/lunch !! Complete with hash browns , cheese and pepper omelets , homemade biscuits , and chocolate coffee . Mmmm . 
work sucks 
jusy saw < PROPMALE > potter !! 
going to beach tmrw . but who wants to bet it will rain and ruin all my fun 
i will come to your resuce anytime babe . 
i really hate going to work 
Vacation Starts !!!! 
Yet another wedding . Congratulations < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Just got back from taking < PROPMALE > to the bar for his birthday ! 
one bottle of = one headache 
Bachorlette Party tmrw nite ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s bacholette party was awesome !!! gonna be dead in the morning but < PROPFEMALE > worth it 
Don't know how i survived the bachlorette party . Everyone was pretty wild ! Boobies and cleavage everywhere ! just kidding ... sorta . But thank god my hangover is almost gone ! 
haha ! i dont have to work today ! 
on my way to see Zombieland !!! 
zombie land was awesome ! 
hates cold rainy weather 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT ... 3 year old BOY taken in ROCHESTER , NY by a man driving a MITSUBISHI ECLIPSE plate number 98B351 ... Please put this as your status so it moves all across face book . YOU WOULD IF IT WAS YOUR CHILD !! 
is so bored ..... blah ..... 
great time to go to work so i can sell underwear to the nastiest old people . what is it about buying underwear that makes people fucking assholes ? 
Attention Farmville Friends : I would really like purple and black hay ! 
So i lost my lincense for 30 days !!! What can i say ? I like to drive fast , really fast ! This is going to be a long 30 days !! 
wedding day ! gotta get my shit together so my bride dosent kill me . just kidding < PROPFIRST > ! 
lovely weather to stay in bed all day 
i hate selling panties !!!! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Car = 1 The Deer = 0 
Dont make to much fun .. but im so excited about Twilight tmrw nite !! Not excited about all the damn tweenies thou :( 
Twi-Tweens Scare Me 
why doesnt On Demand Comcast ever work ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? 
Dreading Black Friday customers ! They are the worst !!! Advice to everyone going shopping friday : Dont Be Bitchy With the Retail Help !!! They are more stressed out then you !!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving !!!! 
I truely hate all Black Friday & Saturday shoppers . What is it about this weekend that turns shoppers into morons ? Suddenly normal people lose all reason . They cant read signs , put items back , or even take 50% off . And god forbid if they have to wait in line for 5 mins ! 
Ugh ! 
I got my license back !!! Hooray !!!! 
Happy Hanukkah Bitches !!!! 
god i hate being awake this early in the morning ! 
Happy Holidays Everyone !!!! 
I want a PEGIUN !!!!!! 
they closed the panty shack . as of the january 31st i will be jobless . all i got to comfort me is half a cold pizza and half a bottle of wine . 
Tried job hunting today ... this sucks ... turned down by 3 places for being OVER qualified . WTF ?!?! If I am qualified then you know i will do my job and if i am over qualified then you know i will do my job well . Ahhhhh !!!!! Still need a cig 
Ugh 
Blah 
So apparently every damn american history book i have ever read is WRONG . < PROPFIRST > Washington was not our frist president ! He was the 15th . There was 14 congressional presidents before him ! He was the Frist president after the consitution was written . WTF !! This is why i dont watch the history channel intoxicated . 
now i thought black friday shoppers were evil but now i know better . Close out shoppers are the worst ! Nothing is good enough for them . Nothing is cheap enough . Nothing is what they want or the size they want ! 
fuck life 
Again fuck life 
So a customer pissed me off today . I went into the backroom to calm down . Well i screamed \God damn it\ " and apparently you could here me on the sales floor . Oops . Luckly i have an awesome boss who laughed it off . But seriously what is wrong with these people ? You say Store Closing and people become rude nutcases ! " 
today was a good day 
I hate caulk ! 
The panty shack is almost empty . I am almost sad .... nah not at all 
the panty shack is closed 
not only is today my Birthday but i officially join the rest of the county in unemployment 
thanks everyone for the bday wishes !!! 
No . When they are dead they are just called hookers 
well damn . thats all i have to say about this snow 
I hate snow . Why wont it go away ! 
so i hear more freaking snow this weekend ... Nooooooooooo 
damn snow ! tried to walk biscuit and all you could see was the tip of her ears sticking out of the snow . pretty funny until she got mad and took off dragging me down the side walk on my butt 
hope every one had a great Valentines day ! 
FARMVILLE FRIENDS : PLEASE HELP ME BUILD THIS DAMN HORSE STABLE !!! 
so its fucking snowing again . so sick of the snow . its pretty for like two days then its just annoying 
Blah , Blah , Blah ..... 
its wonderful outside ! everyone better be doing something to enjoy this weather !!!!!!! 
Stupid Rain ! 
Stupid cold ! 
Taking my puppy to the zoo !! 
Happy Passover !! 
hates being sick !! 
Happy Easter ! 
its so wonderful outside !!!! 
oh god baseball season has began 
Blah is how my day is going 
got a new book case !!!! guess that means i have to go buy more books ! an empty book case is a sad thing . 
YAY !! < PROPFEMALE > IS IN TOWN !! IM SO EXCITED TO FINALLY GET TO SEE HER !! 
Has anyone else noticed how gas prices and slowly going back up ? It is almost $3 agian . The really weird thing is that no one is complaining this time . Guess the gas comanies messed up two summers ago but slamming us with $4 a gallon . They needed to do it slowly so we wouldnt notice . 
i need a life 
Just < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland on Blueray ! It was awesome !!!! 
Taking a Poll : What should i do with my hair ? 
i love fireworks !!!!! 
Bored 
its the middle of july and i havent been to the beach yet !! whats the point of living 25 minutes from the beach if i never get to go ? 
i am so going to the beach thrusday !!!!!!! 
well i didnt make it t the beach , had lunch with my parents and < PROPMALE > instead . but i did get some sun by walking my puppy around town ! 
worked all day today . soooo tired 
So i got my puppy ( pit/l . ab ) and my parents dogs ( yorkie and terrier ) for the night ! Should be fun !!! 
i'm so burnt . too much sun today 
going to try to quit bitting my nails . which means the quit smoking resolution is probably going to suffer . 
so what is the point to nail polish ? you paint your nails all and pretty then it chips off the next day ! ugh . 
Thrusday will be 6 years for < PROPMALE > and I !!!!!! 
Nine days till i start at Trinkets !!!! 
so i thought i started next monday but yay i start thursday !! so just one more day till Trinkets !! 
TRINKETS GRAND OPENING MONDAY 8/23/2010 IN THE TWILLEY CENTER NEXT TO LOMBARDI'S I expect everyone to come in and see the new store ! Plus you get a free pair of ear rings just for coming in ! 
Today was great !!! Trinkets is alot of fun !!! If you havent stopped in yet you need to . We have something for everyone . And check out the facebook < PROPFEMALE > for Trinkets !! 
Another great day !!! 
mmm chips and sour cream/onion dip 
blah blah blah day 
saturday is moving day !!! it will be so nice not to have to worry about getting mugged or shot in the parking lot anymore !!!!! 
moving had a few bumps but i love my new apartment !!!!! 
Why is so hard for customers to get out of a store at closing time ? When i say we close at 5 i mean 5 not 5:20 ! It is not a suggestion . 
Be nice to your local retail people and we will be nice in return . Customer service is a privilage not a right ! 
old < PROPMALE > white women are the worst shoppers . 1 . im not your personal shopper . 2 . it is rude to throw money down on the counter when i have my hand held and out a smile on my face . 3 . i dont care someone stole your 3 carat < PROPFEMALE > earrings on your cruise to the carribbean last summer . i do care that you are holding up my line . 4 . Do Not snap your fingers at me to get my attention , i am not a dog 
Yay !! We got goldfish !!! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!!!!! 
what is up with Halloween ?! No one is allowed to trick-or-treat anymore ! where is the fun ? You dress up and have no where to go ! 
anyone else notice the gas prices going up up and up ? i feel like no one else is pay attention ! 
thanks everyone for the bday wishes !!!!!!! 
