great weekend , love < PROPMALE > . Seeing up in 3D was like watching an entirely new movie . I kept my cool glasses 

D; I hate tornadoes . Actually I don't like storms all that much in general . I do however , like watching lightning from a distance . 
Wondering if I should join in the climbing contest . I’m petty sure I wouldn’t make it passed the first round . but on the other hand I think I would get a shirt out of it . Should I do it anyway ? 
I think Im addicted to flair . 
:/ Hmm so I really need to learn to sleep . 
The “To Do” List : Bank , Doctors , Job Hunt , Clean , Run a disc clean up on my laptop , Draw something , Climb . 
I’m a sucker for old country bluegrass in the morning . Something about it is just so soothing to me . 
I’m excited to learn to swing dance . 
Hard to be soft , Tough to be tender Come take my pulse , the pace is on a runaway train 
I need people to add to my MSN . I only have like 2 people I talk to on there . 
Having a clean place is really awesome , but having it stay that way is another battle ... 
It was a really great night tonight . I learned a thing or two about swing dancing and saw some amazing couples on the dance floor . I want to learn to dance like they did , it was incredible . Also , went to my first wine bar , it was so comfy in there and 
Bouldering Comp today ! I will be happy so long I’m not the first one out . lol But really I’m aiming to make it to round two . I think what ever happens Im going to get some chocolate milk after . :) That sounds really good right now 
8D oh my gosh , you guys will never guess what round I got to ! Take a guess 1-10 I’ll tell after the first or second comment or if I don’t get anyone guessing Ill just sulk T.T Im in so much pain right now , but it was so worth it . :) 
Out of curiosity , does anyone else here feel when they dream ? 
Dream as if you’ll live forever ... Live as if you’ll die today . oh yeah and eat desert first , life is just way too short . :) 
:) Yay hair cut today and new jeans ... D : I really do hate the clothes shopping part but its nice to have clothes that don’t have holes in them ... Oh yeah and I got hippy shoes the other day . It has a big peace sign right on the front . Love them :D Wish 
I’m so looking forward to the baseball game today . Pirates vs . the Rockies ; the Rockies won yesterday , 7 to 3 against the Pirates . Let’s hope they can do it again today ! I also hope it doesn’t rain but even if it does , a little rain never hurt an 
Rockies won yesterday ! Atkins is my new favorite player because , for the rockies , I guess he is the underdog . Also cuz there was one guy who would boo when ever Atkins was up for bat . We started cheering for Atkins and other people started joining in . 
Participating in a 3 mile run later today @ 6:30 pm , Ginn Mill . I’m a bit worried about it considering I haven’t done any < PROPMALE > running since high school . If I don’t die before the run is over it should be a good time and ill have met some new peopl 
Its okay if you don’t recognize me ; all of us white girls look the same ;D 
I realy want to get the ' silver sun pick up'CD 
or the < PROPFEMALE > Michaelson CD 
really , really want to go camping , tell ghost stories , make samores , go on hikes , and watch the stars . 
Would anyone be up for a BBQ at my place ? I'm dirt poor right now so it would be a pot luck sort of deal . We could have the fire pit and maybe tell ghost stories ... ( yeah I know its corny , but its fun . ) I think I have a few different groups of people I t 
So I found out that my bro and I share the same birthday as < PROPFIRST > Timberlake . Does that mean that we brought sexy back too ? 
Is reading ' Love is a mixed tape ' By < PROPMALE > Sheffield 
Has a HOTT date tonight . Yep thats right ladies , thats hot with two ' T's . Eat your heart out . Ha ha sorry , jking . :/ that was kind of mean , but I do have a hott date tonight :D 
Lets have some fun , this beat is sick , I wanna take a ride your disco stick . 
This day has royally sucked . 
I want a girl who gets up early I want a girl who stays up late I want a girl with uninterrupted prosperity Who uses a machetti to cut through red tape -Cake 
< PROPFIRST > Bailey : What is it you want , < PROPFIRST > ? What do you want ? You want the < PROPFEMALE > ? Just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around it and pull it down . Hey . That's a pretty good idea . I'll give you the < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFIRST > : I'll take it . Then what ? < PROPFIRST > Baile 
< PROPFEMALE > my friends 
loves being spanked by professors !!! 
Going Camping ! 
Hey guys Gone camping , be back sunday night .... if the bears dont get me :) < PROPFEMALE > you guys ~ Jenna 
:3 climbing tonight at 7pm feels like its been forever ! 
I'm sword fighting with a ninja . what are you up to ? 
:( I’ve misplaced my daily planner and I’m lost with out it . Today : Gym , school , bank and then spend some quality time with the family . I think that all I really hope I find it soon . Hope everyone’s day goes well . ~ Jenna 
today : applying for financial aid in school and maybe a student < PROPFEMALE > pending on what the aid does for me . After that , research on euthanasia , computer hardware , and western culture vs . eastern culture . Then I'll be airing my first live paint chat as we 
I guess I didn't climb too bad for my third day in a row . Got a new rec today and almost finished with my first intermeidiate problem . Ill be taking a day off but for sure Ill be going back on Friday , new routes will be set . 
Running with the Snug tonight . Free t-shirt , yay ! 
Feeling a bit down tonight , don't know why , maybe I'm just tired . 
Got home just in time . It seems a tornado is heading threw the area . I hate Colorado just for this reason . Tornadoes just plane suck . D: 
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you , I could walk in my garden forever . <3 
Heh got locked out of my happy place today ... I really need to find that key . 
So , if a turtle loses it shell , is it naked or homeless ? 
Something amazing happened yesterday . I did a pull up . I’ve never been able to do a pull up in my life . 
We only have one life to live , so enjoy the little moments and let stuff go ; forgive and forget . Be kind , smile , laugh , and be sure to eat plenty of chocolate . ( or what ever you like ) But most importantly , love deeply . 
There is nothing like waking up to a hott naked man cooking you breakfast . 8D 
so ... I really need to stop eating so late . I think its giving me nightmares ... 
man , I really wanted to go out tonight ... 
Yeah , watching True Blood season 1 with Chinese subtitles . Guess this is just as good as going out . 
\Climbing is like a brain enema . It just cleans all the crap out of your head . \"" 
cleaning 
:D < PROPMALE > comes home tomorrow night ! 
< PROPMALE > is coming Home in a few hours !!! :D 
Just finished maintenance on my computer and it's fully protected . Feels good to have a clean and fast working computer again . 
reading love is a mixed tape 
If you were going to die soon and had only one phone call you could make , who would you call and what would you say ? A better question would be , what are you waiting for ? 
There is nothing better than ice cream after a close to death experience 
It has been a very very long day . My Mum's doing well after her surgery and she didnt throw up in the car on the way home . Yay ! :D 
I no longer have a boyfriend , just a main squeeze 
Some one help me ! I’m being held captive by my mum and aunt . They’ve watched Pride and Prejudice 3 times , 17 Again 2 times and High School Musical 1 , 2 , and 3 all since 10pm last night . By the looks of things its going to continue threw the weekend . Please please someone save me !!! 
Well Im off to bed . Hope everyone has a good night . :) 
Finishing my paintings 
backed chicken with chives over brown rice . Best meal ever . 
T_T Ahh just got the Blue Screen of Death on my laptop * cries * 
Off to make prints for NDK < PROPMALE > show tomorrow . :3 
Babe are you down down down down ? 
Give me the song and I'll sing it like I mean it Give me the words and I'll say them like I mean it Cos you got my heart in a headlock You stopped the blood and made my head soft And god knows You got me sewn Nah nah nah etc . < PROPMALE > boy , don't be afraid , to shake that ass , and misbehave 
Well , I'm off to go be a geek at the convention . :D Ill take some pics so you can see just how interesting it can be ... I love people watching at this place . <3 
Well the convention turned out quite well . Sold all but 2 pieces , won second place in CGI(computer graphic illustrations ) and made a little bit of money . Good year <3 
Today's Mail : \I write fake PostSecrets & leave them where my husband can discover them . ( He now thinks I'm adopted & my mom was an addict ) . " 
I want a < PROPFEMALE > tale ending . <3 
Off to do some light climbing . Hope I dont suck tonight . :) 
it never fails , the movie ' The Note book ' will always make me cry . Im such a sissy . 
I want broccoli right now ..... 
Gone to chautauqua park and < PROPFEMALE > street to draw people and think . Should be nice . 
I ended up going to Red rocks instead . Turned out to be a lot of fun and met some interesting people . Oh , there was a kid was singing his ABC’s and everyone clapped when she was done . Too cute . 
Today's to do's: Laundry , clean house , work in yard , give dogs a bath , apply to 5 more jobs and climb tonight . What I want to know is how dose a house get so dirty so fast ? 
Well didnt give the dogs a bath or work in the yard but I did manage to do laundry and make some really really good soup . :) 
Applied to 6 more jobs today . Hope someone calls back . :( 
What do you do when out off nowhere a debt collector comes after you and says you owe money on an account you never even had and to a bank you've never banked at before ? How are you supposed to prove anything ? Whats even better is the paper work against the accused isnt even readly available . It's your word againts the banks , only they have fancy lawers . 
just applied to three more jobs . * crosses fingers * 
I decided to get my credit report and guess what ? I have good credit . I dont see why I shouldnt have good credit , I pay everything on time ... one thing did suprise me though . Did you know it counts against you to have a card less than three years ? That just isnt fair . :( 
I want to go to hanging lake next . 
Today I did some window shopping . First Hobby Lobby , ( new pencil yay ) & then Dillard's . I tried on a size 6 dress for the heck of it & the shocking part ; it fit . On the other hand I'm sure their sizes run big and that will never happen again . There is no way I went down a dress size , all my old clothes still fit fine ... But it was a size 6 dress and if I had $100 I would have bought it there just for that reason 8D 
\I don't want anybody else . When I think about you I touch myself . \"" 
I really do the the best boyfriend ever . <3 
Hypnosis ... interesting stuff . 
Far better is it to dare mighty things , to win glorius triumphs , even though checkered by failure ... than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much , because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat . 
Today Im going in to different stores Ive applied to with my resume . Since no one has called back , I figure I might as well give them a little nudge . Couldnt hurt , right ? 
Oh gosh what a day . I could never be a bus driver , people drive stupid . Anyway . I think that did me some good . Only one person got annoyed with me but everyone else seems to have appreciated the time I took to meet with them . I just think that Costco lady had already made up her mind before she even talked to me . I hate women ... wait not true ! just cougars in the work place . 
Dodgeball game tonight ! :) 
watching across the universe in Italian 
4 months <3 
Looks like a good day for fall cleaning . 
Ever feel like you're suffocating ? 
:) He's coming back tonight ! <3 
I quit fish world . You aren't there for one day and all your fish die . :( 
Applied to three more jobs . 
All snuggled up w/ fig n ' foff 
I really can't wait to move out . 
I just had a conversation with my cat in the shower about pancakes . We both like them a lot . 
Painting today . :) 
People need to learn to clean up after themselves and not expect me to do it for them . 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works _______ Heh it really did work . Weird 
What happend to the day ? I think I went in to a coma around noon and just woke up . Think I'm coming down with something . :( 
I really hate mother natures monthly gift .... 
The problem with < PROPFEMALE > is stupidity . I'm not saying there should be a capital punishment for stupidity , but why don't we just take the safety labels off of everything and let the problem solve itself ? 
When going to the dentist & picking out a movie be certain of at least two things . That you have already seen the movie , cuz if your like me youll be paying more attention to the drill in your mouth insted the screen . Make sure that the movie you choose doesnt contain sex scenes . It makes for a very awkward moment when the nurse looks up at just the right moment and then back at you with a dirty look . 
Ah , nothing better than a naked man cooking you breakfast . <3 
My mother and I started a new family ' once-a-year ' tradition tonight . We went out to dinner and decided to give our waitress a really big tip . She cried . Dinner : $36 Tip : $64 
8day 194hours 11659 minutes 
Today just can't get much worse . 
RIP < PROPMALE > 
Don't you worry there my < PROPFEMALE > . We may not have any money but we have our love to pay the bills . Maybe I think your cute and funny , maybe I wanna do what bunnies do with you , if you know what I mean . 
Excited to be going to SanFran tomorrow , not so much about the flight . < PROPMALE > , you better be waiting for me on the other side ! 
three times and I still want more . 
I'm having a heart attack right now . My grandfather came over and messed around with the computer because he thought he could make it run ' better ' . Well guess what ! It runs slower than ever and my Adobe Suite is Poof . Bye , bye . Just gone and I’m pissed . 
Light blue :) 
Ugh , I feel so under the weather today . Any Ideas on how to make a cold go away ? 
Ahh this cold is kicking my butt . 
So , I might have a job 8D 
Finaly going to see Avatar tonight ! 
I’m slowly getting back in to running . Sunday I had run 4 < PROPMALE > in just under an hour and today I’m trying again . Only this time I’m hoping for better time . Wish me luck ? :/ 
First day of work today . Wish me luck ! 
wonders if she should clean her office area , her room , paint for a bit , or sleep . 
Okay guys , don't laught but I might have an addictive behavior problem . Anyone ever have ambition to do something and then get caught up on something trivial ? For example today , I had a list of things that I wanted to get done but I was caught up on social sites . I kept saying just let me check this first or Ill do it in a minuet . However a minuet quickly turned in to an hour and then two and three and so on . 
Sippin ' mo-ezzy on the cow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ouch !!! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . It was fantastic birthday ! :) 
Go Saints ! 
:( It's snowing again ... 
I cant get over how people take advantage of other people . It makes me sick . 
\Every child is an artist . The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up . \ " - Picasso " 
was doing Landry and found two dollars . Yay for clean money ! 
Ah ... So good to see old friends . 
Yummy , Eggs and soy sauce . <3 
yay for wraping egg rolls and drunken nights ! 
The Deviant < PROPMALE > is sucking right now . >:( 
So this might be a weird question but here goes . Does anyone else get a rash around their waist when they wear jeans ? I just cant wear jeans anymore with out getting one . 
This has been a bad week . In my job I travel around a lot . Gas has gone up & a week of gas is around $65 . That’s just under half my check . One of my clients just installed a security alarm and the code they gave me didn't work . The alarm went off for about 45min before the cops showed up . If there really was a burglar I would have been dead . I have also had a head ache since that incident . 
Both Appointments canceled on me so I get the day off . 
Ewww ... hate feeling sick . 
It's so weird to see rain in Colorado . I feel like we she be getting sleet or something else too . 
Hockey , < PROPMALE > geeking , fireworks , and shopping . What a great weekened this was , I just dont want to go back to work ! 
* Sigh*what a week . My car almost caught on fire and Its the first time Ive been home since Monday ... but it's just a tease . I still have to go down to Arvada tonight so I wont really get to be home again till next Monday . D: 
Today's going to be a great day . I can feel it ! :) 
So its official , Ill be in VA the 20-24 . :) Can't wait to see my family , my old house and maybe even a few old friends . 
One more day of work and then off to VA ! :) Anyone know what the weather's been like ? It'll probably rain the whole time I'm there . 
I'm a bit scared right now . The sirens are going off , its hailing and the lights are flickering . I've rounded up all the animals and now were sitting here in the batsmen waiting for this to pass . I really don't like tornadoes . 
I'm off to the airport . :) 
:( My car is on it's last leg . The coolant is leaking all over , so I tried to have it toed to ford dealership . Turns out the one in Brighton puts a chain up at night . Funny thing we were worried so we checked it first and no chain . About 30min later we went back with the toe guy . guess what , it was up . 
has been on the hold with AAA for 20 minuets now trying to get another tow truck . 
I had my car towed to the Brighton Ford Dealership because it was leaking coolant . They wanted $99 just to look at it and then $ 1,097 fix everything . Funny thing , I just had the same work done to it for $550 about 2 months ago . So we looked around and found another place right in Brighton that would do the same work for $525 . Called B.F.D. and they could suddenly do it for $650 and fix my AC . 
I really do have the best boyfriend ever . Thank you < PROPMALE > for making me a better person . Love you always <3 
damn that drama llama . 
Going to watch Fireworks . :) 
I think that the saying \final destination\ " should be removed from the flight attendant's speech . :/ " 
Finally the engagement is official ! 8D I'm So excited I can't put it in to words . I'm sorry I hadn't commented back to anyone on the congrats . I have family on Facebook and didn't want them to find out before my mom . However , now that I have her blessing ... Thank you everyone ! <3 <3 <3 
is having a Ménage à trois with two men . One named < PROPMALE > and the other < PROPFIRST > . <3 
When we are grateful for the good we already have , we attract more good into our life . On the other hand , when we are ungrateful , we tend to shut ourselves off from the good we might otherwise experience . 
Is making green chili for the first time . O_o ; 
My gosh , this was a terrible day . 
:( I cant concentrate . 
I like it on the kitchen table . 
A cough , raw throat , and a low grade fever is just enough to make a person miserable . Looks like I'll be doing shots of vitamin C tonight ! 
I love my Bully ... :( 
Did my fist Bikram Yoga class and it was awesome . :) 
8D I'm so excited for this weekend . Road trip , bikes , and wine ! How could it get any better ? <3 
Q : Why does my fiance find it okay to touch boobies whenever he feels fit , yet not okay the other way around ? >:( I wanna touch boobies too . 
OMG I love Bikram Yoga . <3 
Finely have a working cell phone again . Please send me a text with your name and I can save you to my contacts again . Thanks guys 
I'm a bit worried about my memory . People keep telling me I said things that I swear I didn't say . Even conversations I swear we never had . I mean , if more than two unrelated people are telling me this , than that is cause for concern . Right ? 
Today seems to be a day for catching mice ... :( 
\Christ is the Reason for this Season '' - < PROPFEMALE > Christmas every one ! " 
Huh , guess my feeling sick wasn't in my head . My voice is gone . :p 
I hate being sick . My client sent me home early . :( 
Oh gosh , I finaly opened that blue < PROPFEMALE > . Ive drunk about half and I'm sooo tips . Lame . 
Hmm ... I want Pho74II . I tried a new one today and it wasn't very good . :( 
:( I thought I was getting better but now I have a really bad cough . It just seems to be getting worse . 
D: It's still snowing in Brighton . 
A reminder to all the ladies out there driving alone ; lock your doors ! I just had a guy jump out of the passenger side of a car on a red light . He tried to open my door but luckily it was locked . I've never been so glad to see a green light . 
first day of class . Wish me luck ? 
Ever notice how some people only give you the time of day when they want something ? Yep , some people are just really crappy . 
What a crappy week this has been . 
OMG I think I might have to take < PROPMALE > to the hospital tonight if he isn't more careful with that darn knife . He dropped the blunt side on his foot D: 
Thank you for the birthday wishes everyone and a special shout out to my fiance < PROPMALE > who got me my favorite cake . It was a fun one for sure . :) 
Wow . I'm praying for everyone out there still driving in this . Zero viability is a scarry thing . 
I keep telling < PROPMALE > that If we bought a lobster for dinner we would just have a new pet . 
Why is it that I can only grasp a concept in math for a moment and then it's gone ? It's not like I'm not trying or just don't care . I am ! Ah , I'm so going to fail this test today . :( 
I hate it when I have to use ear plugs to go to sleep . Don't people realize what time it is ?! 
I just found out my mom will be losing her job in 30days . If anyone knows of any opening anywhere please let me know . Prayer is much appreciated as well . 
You are not entitled . This thinking people have here in Colorado is really starting to piss me off . No one owes you a damn thing . Not even your parents owe you a damn thing . Do for yourself and stop asking for hand outs ! 
Well I just did my taxes and I owe for the first time ever . Sorry to everyone but I don't think I'll be making it to VA this year . :( 
I really do have the best guy in the world . <3 
fever , runny nose , and upset stomach- just go away ... 
Spending my Friday night applying to jobs using the best resume I've ever written . Oh dear , this is sad . 
Well I didn't get the job but Dr. Lindeman did wright me saying it was between me and another person and asked to keep my resume on file . That's something , right ? 
