I am so confused right now , but i'll live ... I just need to talk some things out with some people ... I think I will survive some tough decisions that I make ... if I don't then you can all stake a claim on my stuff ... 

there is nothing to do ... I'm at my auntie's house ... about to go to VBS ... I gotta teach the little kiddies bout God ... =] 
listening to family force 5 !!! whoo-hoo !!!!!!!! 
listening to System of A Down , \Aerials \"." 
I just made my hair into a mowhock I thought it would look awesome , and weird . it does . 
heyy ! I'm hanging with my Cali cousins ! I am still in Florida thoiugh . Just so ya know . 
I finished my fourth chapter in my book . I feel very accomplished ! Oh , and I get to see a lot of my family tonight at my G-ma's for CHRISTMAS !!!! 
Bored out of my mind !!!!! But got to go to whataburger , which is great . Now I'm gonna go to find < PROPFIRST > on facebook because I need to message him about some things . . . 
There are lots of things going on right now ... Pray for me please ? 
Okay . This is not even cool . Someone in my life can't make up her mind and then I snap at my friends for no good reason . I amjust having a bad day . Dang . 
I feel like poo . Being sick is not fun and my facebook alert thingy didn't tell me I had a message but I do !!!!! After I check my message I am going to create a Twitter , cuz I have been meaning to do that . Bleh . Don't catch the sickness !!!!!!!!! 
If anyone has a Twitter you should find me and add me please . 
I am so excited about Pace Band & Rookie Camp next week !!! I'm staying at Pace , not going to Tate !!! I am so excited !!! But I have a < PROPMALE > headache & the Tylenol & Swim Ear is JUST NOW kicking in . Still hurts though . . . =[ 
Having an AMAZING time at my wiffeeeyyy[ash]'s house !!!!! < PROPFEMALE > has amazing sex hair in the mornings ... maybe she should think about not rolling around so much in her sleep . 
won't be on facebook or any other internet places till next Friday when I get back from < PROPMALE > , so text me people !!!! ILY everyone , especially my new Pace Band friends !!! 
Not feeling too great . Gotta clean house tomorrow and stuff .... I want to get me some Starbucks .... Yum . 
Life is slightly less crappy now than it was last night . Hmmm ... I just forgot my Myspace password , so I created a new Myspace . Everyone needs to ADD MY NEW MYSPACE !!!!! 
Band Camp Day 2 : I am gonna die !!!! It better not be as bad today as it was yesterday ! I didn't properly hydrate and had a small breakfast and so I almost passed out ! But today I had a good breakfast and have been drinking TONS of water !!! I'm on my way !!!! 
OMG !!!! I just heard Imogen Heap and it is the best band ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOOOVVEEE it ! 
Band today was great ! We marched the first three sets with markers for where we go but I have it memorized already cuz we did it so many times ! My bass is getting back from the shop tomorrow so I can finally march with it again !!! YAY ! It just got taken yesterday ! BLEH ! I missed it ! =] 
Ello , Mommy . ( ; its me , ya long lostt daughter . lost being the key word . ( ; lovee yaa . -AlyxAckley . 
Hmmm ..... Doesn't it suck when you like someone and they told you that they like you back but you two don't act on it ? Worst place to be in right beside being surrounded by maneating sharks that are only seperated from you by a thin sheet of glass 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! \The Con\ " is great . You should listen to it !!!! I need to see them and Paramore on tour !!! But of course I can't get tickets and can't drive . >=[ " 
COME TO OOPS !!!! I AM GOING CUZ MY RENTALS ARE MEETING UP WITH SOME BUDDIES < PROPFEMALE > YOU SHOULD COME AND MAKE ME LESS BORED OUT OF MY MIND !!!! 
Got a new bf or at least I will when e officially asks me out on Tuesday 
Going to the movies on Saturday , anybody wanna come ? 
I have a squiddily-spooch !!!!! 
My fone died yesterday . And not the , oh go plug it in dying . It actually died . I took it to the Verizon store and they cannot fix my poor beautimous cell fone . I will miss him . But , my mom is searching for a new fone for me today . 
I need EVERYONE'S fone < PROPFIRST > cuz ALL of my contacts were erased . So either message me or comment on this or post on my wall or something . Kk ? =] 
someone should pretty please tell me what book i should start studying in the bible\ 
thanks ? 
English 1 sux . We are doing Shakespear and starting on < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and I have to memorize the prologue which is written in iambic pentameter ! Uggh ! To help myself study I'm going to write it from memory . Hope it doesn't bug anyone . If it bothers you then just ignore the post . 
omg . just about had a heart attack trying to reattach this stupid keyboard . computers are SOOO confusing sometimes !!!! 
Would everyone be willing to pray for me ? I'm at a rough spot in my walk with Jesus and so I am not feeling real great recently . I would very much appreciate the prayers . And I am making a new prayer list , so anything you need me to pray about I will . 
I am such a retard . I missed my bus . Wow . Definitely can't wait for that driver's license now . =[ 
When our strength gave way to the weight of guilt , when we strained for every breath . Only One could lift our shame and make us well ! 
* Wish he liked me as much as I like him !!! * -sigh- 
Anyone ever had that feeling where your stomach drops out from inside you and you don't know where to turn or how to feel afterwards ? \ 
Yeah , it sucks . 
Why does it have to be like this ? First I have issues and now < PROPFIRST > too ? This sucks . 
Put song titles that describe our relationship here . =] 
BREAKFAST FOR DINNER NOW !!!! >=] \ 
muahahahahahahahahahahahaaaa !!!!! 
Dude , band trip for district tomorrow and so I have basically no school tomorrow except for band and then I get dinner at the mall tomorrow night ... Hmm ... Great start to Spring Break ! hehe . Life is gewd !!!! 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO hyper ! Setting up the pool for swimming and if we don't get it done in time then me&Destiny&Ash will prolly end up going to UWF to swim . Ha ! Sooooo excited to finally see meh wifey for an extended period of time !!! 
people get mad at me easily . =[ 
I am having a spazz attack . State is today and I am SSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO nervous ! About to leave the house in like 2 minutes . And it takes like 3 hours to get to Godby High School . OMG . ROADTRIP ! 
I MADE A SUPERIOR AT STATE SOLO&ENSEMBLE !!!!! And the sad thing is . . . I think I'm the one that is most surprised . Gosh . 
Heyy , I wanna know :\ 
How do you become a missionary or a student pastor or work for a church ? \ 
And how do u make money as one of those ? \ 
And I need someplace to start studying ! HELP ! 
God is beyond description . He is so full of love , wonderful , no word or even thousands of words can describe Him . I just want to cry and scream His < PROPFEMALE > and my unworthiness . I cannot believe that He would even consider loving someone like me ! He is SOOOO magnificent !! 
I'm going to Oops Alley right now for anyone who wants to join me . Will be there until 10 or 11 . BYE !! 
At Oops . Met a cute guy . He's younger than me by about 1 and a half years though ... 
Wish I knew if he likes meh . Uggh . :( 
