thinks that it is impossible to be TOO heavenly minded . Watch . Those who are \too heavenly minded\ " will do the greatest good here . " 

is being conformed to the image of Christ . Do you want to be like Jesus ? Then you must learn something ... you must learn how to love someone who does not meet the conditions . It's not easy , but it's not impossible . 
Hallelujah ! Hallelujah ! Holy ! Holy ! Are you Lord God almighty ! Worthy is the Lamb , worthy is the Lamb that was slain ! Unto you be all < PROPFEMALE > and honor and praise ! May my life bring < PROPFEMALE > to your name :) 
A prospering tree does not eat it's own fruit . A prospering tree produces fruit that others might eat . 
is praying hard to be just one who scatters seed on the earth . 
\knowledge without repentance will be but a torch to light your way to hell \"" 
is waiting on the Lord this morning 
hungers and thirsts for righteousness . 
says happy fathers day ! In honor of my heavenly Father , who's never forsaken me or let me down . May you ever be praised , Dad :) 
wonders at the absolute absurdity of man's hatred ... Christ summed up all the goodness we are capable of in two commands ... none of us even follows just one of them . 
God is faithful to His word and to those to whom He has given it 
Is going completely insane with anticipation :) T-minus 24 hours til < PROPFEMALE>'s arrival in Nashville ! 
Truly knows so little . Thank You , Oh Lord , that You are wise and You are mighty . Thank You , Lord , that Your grace knows no limits or bounds . I pray You're will be done here on earth as it is in heaven and that we give You < PROPFEMALE > with our lives . 
will gladly boast in his weaknesses . When I am weak , then He is strong . Your might , oh Lord is endless . Please cover over me . Please cover over your beloved .. Lest we all fall in overwhelming shame under the weight of our imperfections . 
An awakening ? Lord awaken the sleeper . Let our eyes burst open to the rising light of Your Spirit . Let Your mercy wash us and let Your holiness mold us into the image of Your Son . Break us with fire and build us from the ashes . Come to life you dry , old b 
Whatever good I do comes not from me . Goodness is of God , and through me He chooses to make His power known . Thank You , Lord . 
stop regarding men . What account is he ? -- < PROPMALE > 2:22 .. We are nothing more than a nose-full of breath . Oh man , how frail are you ? Why do you expect regard ? Why do I ? 
is examining himself . 2 Cor 13:5 . Testing himself to see if he is in the faith . Work out your salvation with fear and trembling for it is God who works in you to will and to act according to His good purpose . Phillipians 2:12 -13 
let me be one who leans on his staff in the last days ... broken and weak , and in that weakness let me lift my hands in honor and praise to He who saved me by His own merit . Thank You dear Father who makes His goodness known in me . May You be glorified . 
Lord let your < PROPFEMALE > fall as on that ancient day . Let it fall on both of them . Let your grace be made known eternally and mightily . 
is . Learning to be at peace and just be is harder than it should be ;) . Lord you are . You just ARE . Teach me to be like you . Teach me to be . 
Jesus . You're the lover of my soul . Jesus . I will never let you go . You've taken me from the mirey place ; set my feet upon the rock , and now I know ... 
Gimme your eyes for just one second . Gimme your eyes so I can see . Everything that I keep missin , gimme your love for humanity . Gimme your arms for the broken-hearted , the ones that are far beyond my reach ... 
thinks its a kind of non-funny cosmic joke that if he really ever does defeat pride ... he will find himself proud of his humility . :P Good call Mr. < PROPMALE > 
has walked a thousand < PROPMALE > with grace so far . I could walk like this forever ... Jesus how can you be so good to me ?? May you be praised in every step I take . Always 
is a deer panting for your living water . I thirst for the living God and in my thirst I need your rest . Precious Lord , < PROPFEMALE > me for even at my strongest I lack the strength to stand on my own . Amen 
is anxiously attached . I don't know how to ask for help . And I don't know how to accept it . --- i'll drag my own intestines back to dyer , thank you very much . 
Lord , be my portion . Christ trusted you to provide all the help He ever needed . Let me do the same . 
is excited her :D For serious , that's all i can think about 
is excited to see her :D For serious , that's all i can think about 
loves being broken . It means I fought hard and didn't give up . I'll wrestle with you , oh God of < PROPMALE > , and I won't let go . 
Because you , oh Lord , are He who created all things , sustains all things , and knows all things . All things came from you , are of you , and will return unto your breast from whence they came . Blessing and honor and < PROPFEMALE > to you , oh Father . This is the song of my spirit ... praising its origin . You . My God . 
Let me know you more deeply and truely , oh Lord . There are none who know you completely , and so I pray that YOU show me . Your ways are perfect and I want my life to sing your praise . Let me walk with love , joy , peace , < PROPFEMALE > , kindness , goodness , gentleness , and self-control . Against such things there is no law . 
Lord please bless our time together . Its so difficult to go so long without being with the treasure You have graced my life with . I pray that you bring her to me safely and that I pursue her well . 
Dude , I'm freaking engaged ! To the sweetest angel of a fiance ever ! Thank you Lord for your love through this woman :D 
Dude , I'M FREAKING ENGAGED !!!!! To the sweetest angel of a fiance ever ! Thank you Lord for your love through this woman :D 
This will probably take a good long while to get used to :) I think I'm still in shock . Haha . I have a fiance . Wow . And not just any fiance ; I am pursuing the < PROPFEMALE > of great value :D 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Smith 0 :) 
Everlasting , Eternal One , Zealous Conqueror , Creator , Sustainer , Almighty ... how can I appeal to your highest pleasure . What can I bring to you that you do not already have ? Vanity . Even to define my mission as one to bring you < PROPFEMALE > is utter foolishness . What can I lift up with these dirty hands ? What can I sing with defiled lips ? 
\hope in a wasteland of faith ; stone figures hewn down ; blood flowing through ancient sewers \"" 
I can't remember when the earth turned slowly ... so i'll just wait here with the lights turned out again . I lost my place , but I can't stop this story . I'll find my way , but til then I'm only ... spinning 
The common thread through all this change is you , oh Lord . Please bind together all that is sacred , all that is true . Bind it to my heart that I might never stray from you . 
The semester is almost over . Wow . When did this happen ? 
To understand how ridiculously excited I am to see my fiance , you must first win the lottery , do somersaults , run a hundred < PROPMALE > effortlessly , wake up to birds chirping , eat a super-yummy meal , and be addicted to oxygen ... then you might get close to scratching the surface . Maybe 
is with his darling ... oh what simple things many take for granted . Thank you Lord for your gift of life . Thank you Lord for < PROPFEMALE > :) 
is not with his darling anymore :( sad day(s ) ... Lord , be my sustanence as you always are . Especially now that much of my joy is 700 < PROPMALE > away from me . I love you < PROPFEMALE > , and I miss you ! 
unexplainable ... mysterious ... the element of You that can't be hidden from : You won't be denied . Breath of God fill my lungs ... let Your essence come from on high and teach me Your ways . There is something in You . Holy perfection . Let it be 
I don't know how it all works . I don't know why . I don't know how . I just am who you made me . I have what you gave me . Let me be yours . Please take all I have as yours . Let me be holy and of you . I < PROPFEMALE > for my life to boil your vapor from my skin forever . Burn everlasting flame . Flinted face , calloused knuckles , and grinding teeth ... my best . That's what you got . 
bring on this semester :) What fun things will I learn ?? Only God knows :) .. someone's always missing from this campus though .. last term without her ... sigh * 
we're goin down down in an earlier round ... a loaded god complex is pointed right at us . Lord , please be God here . Please bless our hearts of love 
6am on a saturday is far to early to drag one's self out of bed ... ugh , God thank you for this morning .. even though I'd like to be sleeping it away ... It really is a beautiful morning :) 
\are we going up ? or just going down ? its just a matter of time until we're all found out\ " ... Lord shine in us that there be nothing but your light to be found . " 
\I know what lies beyond this life for me is already won . No one can take away the blood that covers over my bones . Without the blood of perfect life I know I'm nothing at all . \"" 
What makes people happy ? Apparently we really suck at knowing what makes us happy . Its a measurable , replicable scientific fact . I dunno why that strikes me funny . lol . Lord , teach us to be joyful in you . 
Screw you AXLE 
life never seems to stop changing . Its crazy to think college is almost over . Wow . Lord , please guide the steps of my life as it is so formless yet traced before me . 
\I gotta feelin . Woohoo ... that tonight's gonna be a good night\ " :) I like it when prayer's answered sweetly and things work out well . Thanks God :) " 
So much to say . So much to do . So much to be . So little time . 24 hours is already to small an amount of time . Its hard to be without you . 
Does it really take cancer or death to bring us to have a heart for our family ? Really ? Lord , at this rate , it'll take You coming on the clouds , blowing our minds and shaking us from our complacent lives ... complacent in the daily grind . Complacent in our justifiable self-pity . Complacent in our self-centeredness . It'll take You to show us how wrong we all are . 
Dude , its freaking snowing !!!!! Yay !!!! Let's play in it ! 
I like where we are . here :) ... except ... where's my < PROPFEMALE > ?????? :((( . I don't like where we are anymore ... 
\No demanding without understanding\ " -- < PROPFEMALE > Smith " 
As long as I'm alive , I'd die for you . Thank You Lord for your love and Your awakening it within me . 
\Wilt thou change this world ... Or wilt thou change thyself ? \ " ... can't i do both ? " 
Only four more hours :) :) :) <3 
Thank you , Lord , for today :) The day that three years ago you let me start to make mine the most amazing woman ever ! :) I love you < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Though the air is cold outside , I pray You warm our hearts with Your love . 
Zest . The spice of life . Apparently its one of my signature strengths :) . How can I help make your life more adventurous today ? Thank you , Lord , for making me salt and light . 
hahaha , if only they knew how little sleep i'm running on :D Yay coffee !!! I think God gets a kick out of me . XD 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day everybody ! And especially to my sweet fiancee ( with two \e's\ " ) who makes this day very very special for me ! Hey ya'll don't take for granted that you can hold the one you love in your arms . I'd give both of my arms just to see my love right now . " 
We are like lemmings on the run ... God please help your clueless , deathbound children . 
Bittersweet is the taste of the first few spring-like days of my last semester here at Vanderbilt . Sugary rays glisten from a soft cotton-candy sky ... nostalgia peppered with promise .. Excitement seasoned with sorrow . I'm so ready to be done . I'm not ready to leave . 
Lord , you present us in our lives with wind and waves . We can curl up in a ball , helpless and hoping it would all go away . Or we can stand amidst such tempests with the relentless < PROPFIRST > and stinging rain beating or fragile frames and proclaim that we will not fall : our lives will yet praise You . You are the God who saves . You are the God who provides . You are the answer , and I will stand in Your strength . Indomitable . 
Everybody pray for my future brother-in-law , < PROPFIRST > . He may have broke his neck today training for his title fight . Not cool . 
Coutning down the hours until Nashville is graced with the presence of an angel :) In case anyone is interested , 90 and counting !!! :) 
70 more hours to go !!!!! Yay getting to see my < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! :D !!!!!!!! 
ONLY 45 MORE HOURS !!!! That's less than two days !!!!! YYYYaaaaYYYYY ! :) 
16 MORE !!!!! OMGOSH !!!!! :D 
This is the day that the Lord has made , let us all rejoice and be glad in it . You didn't have to wake up this morning . You got to . May we see Your < PROPFEMALE > in our lives , oh Lord . 
I am eager , but not restless , for the awakening -- the end of this waxen age . Come with fire . 
Why haven't You disintegrated this world and all that's in it yet ? Honestly , we haven't done < PROPFIRST > but cause You problems . 
Just had some really inappropriate stuff pop up on my facebook wall from some \friend's\ " application on facebook . Sorry to anyone who saw it . I removed it . And removed that \ " friend\ " . What the heck ? Where can I report something like that ? " 
When you love somebody and they love you back , nothing can ever come between you and stay there . God showed us that . No strain , no gain :) 
Rain down Your love on us .... and rain down Your grace ... and cover me . please 
Yayayayayayay ! Class outside under a clear , blue , < PROPFEMALE > , 80 degree sky :) Thank you professor ! 
< PROPFEMALE > up everybody ! For real . Lets do this thing ;) 
If Christ has not risen from the dead , then I am , of all men , most pitiable . ( 1 Cor 15:12 -19 ) 
\That-which-nothing-greater-can-be-thought\ " ... cmon Anselm . Please just say God :) " 
God , thank You for the < PROPFEMALE > in me to know You better . Let me never cease to be open to Your teaching . 
So excited that I get to see < PROPFEMALE > Smith in a week !!!!!!!! :) A.k.a , my sweet darling and gift from above :) 
bring it mr. philosophy paper . I'm not scared of you . 
ok , well , i'm not scared of you , mr. philosophy paper , but you sure do take too long to write :P 
Misses < PROPFEMALE > :( 
is prayerful and diligent . May you be glorified , Lord . 
I'm almost officially a personal trainer ! Just an exam and CPR certification to go ! :) 
can't you see that its just rainin ? there ain't no reason to go outside ... makin banana pancakes and pretend like its the weekend ... rain all day and I don't mind 
Please be in prayer for all those in the tennessee and ohio river valley regions who are being affected by this record flooding . Its really bad . Thank you :) 
Is completely done with undergrad !!!!!!! Thank you Lord for the gift this education has been and will continue to be and for the perserverence to stick it out !!!!!! :) 
Happy Mother's Day ! I'm so thankful for the one who put up with me and raised me in the way I should go :) Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Kilts :) I love you momma ! 
You are so beyond me . My primitive being cannot \ 
know . Nor can anyone else's . Be revealed if it pleases You . I care to \ 
know . 
We can be so limited . I can't blame anybody : it's entirely impossible to broaden one's mind in the struggle of day-to-day . Freed from the struggle , however , one quickly realizes the immensity of life , experience , and people -- suddenly an open mind even appears severely limited and horribly sheltered . How much truth is enough ? And how much ignorance is acceptable ? 
Yay summer ! :) Yay only two more months of missing my draling ! :) Yay kids who love to scream and jump and run and play ! :) Yay chilling out at a second job ! :) Yay beautifully < PROPFEMALE > days ! Yay ! Just yay :) . 
Its funny sometimes how it can be such a beautiful day out but the flavor of life at the time isn't following suite . Kinda like being happy on a terribly gloomy/rainy day . Just in reverse . 
I love laughing with someone who speaks their mind . :) 
\Keep your government hands off of my Medicare ! \ " --- an angry man in a South < PROPFEMALE > town hall meeting .... oh dear ... " 
is lookin for a job in Waco ... 
loves the fragile , improbable gift that is life . <3 
Thinks his fiance is the most gorgeous woman ever :) 
I'm feeling reflective this morning . Maybe it was the < PROPFEMALE > macchiato . Maybe its the beautiful blue sky . Maybe its this life transition . Whatever it is , I just know its beautiful , and I want to share it . 
I'm in Texas ! No more missin my < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Had the senior manager of Gold's gym offer me a 40hr/week personal training job ... in < PROPFIRST > , TX :P ( that's 3 hours round trip ) . Still looking ! Was a nice confidence booster though . 
My phone decided that the touch pad doesn't need to work anymore . That means I no longer can access ... well ... anything . So This is a formal apology to all friends and family . I can't text you til it works , and for that I am sorry :( And if I don't have your number memorized , well , I can't call you either :( I'll get in touch asap ! 
Yay ! Phone deal worked out :) Now I can call/txt ... but ... I don't have all my contacts anymore . Message me your number if you want me to have it ! 
I'm attempting to update my facebook from my phone . Did it work ? 
SWEET ACTION ! I feel all high tech now :) 
Gettin rdy to go < PROPFEMALE > out with my < PROPFEMALE > while she studies at our favorite coffee < PROPFEMALE > out :) 
A lil bit of fall weather comin through Texas .. feels good after a couple weeks of 100 and above . Good for a romantic walk with my sweetie :) 
Can't wait to start the new job at the hospital :) orientation on Monday and training on Tuesday . 5 o'clock mornings here I come ! 
Misses his peeps in Clarksville and Nashville and wants them to know they are on his heart . I love you guys and gals :) . 
Hates how there are only 24 hours in each day ... going to bed wondering if everyone I love knows that I love them really sucks -- I promise I do . Sorry I'm still working on managing the time I have to be better at showing it . 
Lots of stuff to do to make this all happen . Lets do this thing :) 
Resolve to travel through the pages of your life with eager eyes filled with wonder , lest , at story's end , you are unsatisfied ... then wonder ... 
Thank you to everyone for their birthday and holiday wishes :) I really appreciate your thoughts during a time when there is so much going on . 
I clarify myself continually because I < PROPFEMALE > to be understood . What happens inside my heart is beautiful and good -- too much so to be seen by only me . 
is sick of winter . Go away cold ! Seriously , I want my < PROPFEMALE > blue skies back :) 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to the love of my life and my sweetest < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Smith :) <3 
' Men occasionally stumble over the truth , but most of them pick themselves up and hurry of as if nothing ever happened ' 
Man is a creature with infinite desires but only finite means . Hope everyone will join me in making the most of finitude ; at least while we're still blessed with it . :) 
Take care of your body ! Its the only one you have ! Seriously , working in surgery makes you appreciate the bag of skin that's yours and I want everyone to do the same . Please . 
' Anyone who would lay claim to such etitlements should not be surprised when the rest of us stop listening to him'--Sam < PROPMALE > on \Freedom of Belief \"" 
