just watched a monkey build a fire . 

couldn't be happier that she's been married for a year ( and 4 days) ! 
is gonna name him ... Hand Banana . 
has been watching you while you sleep . 
remembers some things ... She's just not too clear on how she got to be so old and black ... Why is she black ? And why is she wearing this suit ? It's ridiculous . 
can't wait til tomorrow nighttttt ! 
is slightly horrified , but also partially excited , that the semester commences on the morrow . 
is salient . But it is not entirely clear what salience is or why it is supposed to be epistemically crucial . 
is going to run towards the nearest living thing and kill it 
just laid a thousand of her eggs inside your esophagus . You know , she needs to propagate her species and ... you're being a baby about it . 
is not gonna lie , she's pretty goddam excited . 
has hockey hair , yes she does ! 
dayQuil 
is gonna strike low just like her mama taught her . 
hates it when you do that ! 
thinks she's ready . 
is so excited she's practically going to throw up 
is ready to slit her wrists to see some color . 
has a hungry 
is ... OH LOOK ! Shiny stuff ! 
dry mother fuckin mouth 
is pretty sure it's cancer . 
is being overtaken by visions of being overlooked . 
makes the most of her thumbs by becoming a hitchhiker . 
is always up or down , never down and out . 
isn't dead yet . Come back next week . 
wants to crap down your neck . 
just wants it dead . 
has a great idea . She's gonna wait right here . 
wants to lay naked in a truck full of oranges . 
craved , she ate hearts of sharks . 
is that voice you're hearing in the hall . 
is someone you met who makes you feel sea sick . 
knows how it feels to be your age and feel like the world is caving in . 
may or maynot be royally fucked 
is smarter than the average bear . 
knitted you a scarf from the belly of a whale . 
would like to thank R . L . Stine . This night wouldn't have been possible without him . 
is a contamination of reality by dream . 
is sick that she's happy but happy that she's sick . 
has got a long walk from her house to 309 . 
wants to take a walk along the perimeter of your heart . 
is the < PROPFEMALE > to end all nights . 
is a twinky cowboy ! 
is a crooked french canadian . 
is the fortress around your heart . 
just knocked a giant stack of books over with her butt ... Dammit . 
bumps into things , she spins around in circles , and she's singing ... 
tried to do handstands for you , but every time she fell on you , and now she's permanently black and blue 
had and lost the one thing she kept in a safe place ... 
is locked up like a trophy , forgetting all the things she's done . 
never met a tent spike she wouldn't like to put in your stomach . 
wants to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart . 
will have scars in remembrance of you . 
fills up her sails with your wasted breath ; each one's more wasted than the others you can bet ... 
is the last < PROPMALE > standing up against the wall 
frak ! 
woke and she found the voice from her sleep . 
will take you to the top of this building and push you off , then run down the stairs so she can see your face when you hit the street 
is sitting in the bathtub sucking her thumb . 
is standing pretty in the dust that was a city . 
will be your whatever you want 
was thinking about you ; there was something she forgot to say ... 
just watched the 2006 remake of The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari , while watching the 1919 silent film version at the same time ... AWESOME ! 
bathtub full of glitter and i've got my moose ears on\ 
fisheye front row seat of the field\ 
shake shake that hair out\ 
shake shake that magic doubt\ 
take off trajectory at the tragic factory\ 
eyelet sweaters for everyone\ 
and the black cat too\ 
long face , long sky\ 
spin around , maniac galaxy 
ain't no goddam sonovabitch ... 
is that funny looking creature who you always < PROPFEMALE > around in your heart 
watched the plumes paint the sky grey as she laughed and danced through the field of graves ... 
feels cold and blue and lifeless 
the booger that just came out of my nose resembled the embryo of an alien creature 
stands in the haze of a lighthouse ... 
archery . 
