is resting after last night :) 

debating on whether to eat a piece of my birthday cake now or after the recital ... 
Getting ready for day 2 of the recital 
Off to dance in the recital ... wish me luck ! 
More flowers ! Going out to dinner w/my family to celebrate the recital and my birthday ! 
Relaxing for the evening and eating chocolate cake w/peanut butter icing :) 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes ! It's great to have such wonderful friends :) 
is still recovering from the weekend ... 
has so much reading to get caught up on ! 
book club meeting 
bringing a bottle of aspirin to school board tonight .. it may not be pretty .... 
No school board meeting in July as far as I know so I am going salsa dancing for sure ! 
out for the evening 
work and then to the gym 
off to see the Central < PROPFEMALE > youth ballet 
Out for the evening 
finally has an evening all to herself 
would rather be in NYC 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett ... this is a good example of why you should never take anyone or anything for granted , because it can be gone in an instant ... 
is going to the Celtic Fling to check out guys in kilts ... oops , did I just say that out loud ?? :) 
is out for a run 
is heading out to Carlisle for the evening 
out for an evening run to clear my thoughts 
is glad the hotel room is finally booked and she's going to the beach with her friends in August ! 
has tons of writing to do today 
back from working out at the gym with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
is suffering from extreme boredom 
is going to bed . Good night all ! 
is jealous of the people who have the day off today ... 
is bored at work and wants to go home 
in Selinsgrove for the evening 
came home early and is not feeling well :( 
Happy 4th of July and happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
off to see some fireworks 
is in Gettysburg to see the reenactment today 
had a great time at Gettysburg but now is dealing with a sunburn :( 
hasn't had a sunburn this bad since she was a teenager :( 
is overwhelmed with work this week 
is writing .. and writing .... and writing ...... 
is getting a break from crime stories and is writing a really nice feature ... finally 
is trying to relax this evening 
Work just gets crazier and crazier 
is so glad that the day's over 
is hanging out at < PROPMALE>'s house this evening 
just has to get through one more day until she can relax 
just found out she will be working this weekend ... Oh well ... 
back from a sentencing and < PROPMALE > Mummah's swearing in as judge 
loves a good thunderstorm 
hates her stupid allergies :( 
is trying to get caught up on all of the things she neglected over the weekend 
\The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about \"- Oscar Wilde " 
is looking forward to the weekend . Very much so :) 
is enjoying a nice , relaxing evening at home . She'll be running around the rest of the weekend ... 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Cronkite ... 
lunch w/Micaiah , then off to take pictures at the dutch days parade 
in downtown Harrisburg for the evening 
is in Harrisburg for the day 
had an amazing weekend :) 
is sleepy but still going to that council meeting ... 
is watching dead poets society for the umpteenth time 
is listening to a podcast before she goes to sleep 
Two and a half more hours of work and I get the rest of the day to myself .. finally ! 
is enjoying some much needed \me\ " time " 
is out for an evening run 
relaxing for the rest of the evening 
is watching the Bucket List 
is watching ghost hunters and listening to the thunderstorm :) 
is done with court for the day 
just started her three-day weekend and all she wants to do is sleep ... 
lying out in the sun and reading a book 
is glad to have the day off tomorrow 
is going out to lunch with a friend 
is bored so she keeps taking random quizzes on facebook 
doesn't feel like going to work tomorrow ... 
overslept this morning and still can't quite wake up .. 
is bored at work 
woke up from a nap and realizes she has to cover a council meeting tonight 
has too much to do and her mind is already at the beach ... 
wants to go home and take a nap 
can't seem to get to sleep tonight ... 
lunch at Dockside < PROPFIRST>'s and then going for a walk by the river 
figured out that she should never put off swimsuit shopping until the last minute 
is starting to pack for the beach tonight so she can search all over the universe for a decent swimsuit tomorrow 
is embarking on day two of her quest for a nice bathing suit 
is packing for the beach tomorrow ! 
is heading down to the beach with four girls today . This might turn out to be quite an adventure :) 
is home from the beach and super tired 
wants to go back to the beach 
hates Mondays and coming home from vacation 
is trying not to fall asleep at her desk 
is on her way to a council meeting 
is relaxing and eating saltwater taffy 
will probably be interviewing local DA candidates all day 
is going to cover < PROPMALE > Specter's town hall meeting today ... maybe she should reconsider buying that bullet-proof vest ... 
Specter just got jeered at State College and he's coming my way 
is on her way to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > and his new fan club .. should make for some interesting photos 
is home for the day and relaxing 
needs another vacation 
is in Carlisle for the evening 
is going horseback riding for the first time today ... should be interesting 
had a fantastic day in Gettysburg and is finally going to get some sleep 
is enjoying a lazy Sunday 
was thrilled to find out she didn't have a council meeting to cover tonight .. then she found out she has school board on thursday ... oh well-you win some , you lose some 
is doing some yoga and hoping it will help her back 
wore a hard hat today while taking pictures of Congressman Shuster's tour of a local plant ... all in a day's work 
is at a school board meeting 
can't wait for the weekend . Only one more day of work 
thinks this weekend went by way too quickly , but time flies when you're having a great time :) 
is off to cover a council meeting 
is watching the travel channel 
is watching youtube videos of the some of the computer games she loved as a child 
is staying up late because she doesn't have to get up early for work tomorrow 
is being lazy this morning and achieving nothing 
is helping her mom set up her new laptop . She's like a kid in the < PROPFEMALE > store :) 
couldn't resist buying three books at the new book sale to benefit the county library ... she just had to do her part :) 
off to take a quick photo and then for a manicure 
is out for an evening of Thai food and a 3D movie 
is trying to get over a bad headache :( 
is watching confessions of a shopaholic 
Monday morning ... need I say more ? 
is sick and running a high fever :( 
is watching ' so you think you can dance ' 
is now watching ghost hunters ... this is more tv than she's watched in a long time 
hates being sick 
is excited for Friday .. it can't get here soon enough 
started her weekend early today :) 
is going to kipona today 
is covering court today 
is relaxing for the evening 
is back at work and preparing herself to get soaked and covered in mud while taking pics of ' almost anything goes ' at the fair tonight 
is covering 9/11 remembrances at local schools 
remembers 9/11 
is relaxing for the rest of the evening 
is watching ' 102 minutes that changed < PROPFEMALE>' on the history channel 
just got back from the Renaissance faire and had a great time 
taking a photo tonight at the grange 
is finally getting caught up on some reading 
is doing some late night yoga 
just received an email from an old friend she hasn't heard from in years and is absolutely THRILLED :) 
covering a multicultural event in Mifflintown , then out for the evening 
is relaxing at home and trying to get over strep throat :( 
is going to the Moondancer Winery 
will be hitting up downtown Harrisburg tonight , that is if the rain stops ... 
has a half day off ! :) 
did not cut the power lines at work ;) 
can't believe the nerve of the person who hit her car and took off right in front of her ! fortunately the car is fine 
is watching dancing with the stars 
is home on a Saturday night with nothing to do 
is somehow finding the energy to pack despite being sleep-deprived 
is going to see a play at Oyster Mill Playhouse 
is getting ready to go to Baltimore for the weekend 
is back from poe's \funeral\ " in baltimore ... had an amazing time " 
is going through caffeine withdrawal 
is watching \The Kennedy Curse\ " on the history channel " 
is really tired and looking forward to curling up with a good book 
is trying to get her life back under control 
enjoyed a half day vacation but has to cover council tonight 
This is the second time I've taken a picture of an old lady and she's passed away a few weeks later ... could it have something to do with me ? 
is covering a political event 
is wondering what the deal is with the ladybugs .... they're invading my home ! 
is covering a preliminary hearing in Mifflintown 
gets annoyed when preliminary hearings are waived two minutes before they're supposed to start 
http://www.pennlive.com/midstate/index.ssf/2009/10/carlisle_police_seek_kissing_b.html 
would love to spend Halloween in Salem ... 
is ready for some Halloween fun this weekend ! 
is getting ready for some Halloween fun tonight ! 
is back at work 
election day is finally here 
is covering a < PROPFEMALE > banquet tonight 
just got back from seeing a musical at Oyster Mill playhouse 
just got back from seeing paranormal activity and eating some thai food 
is going to the Mount Hope estate tonight to see Poe Evermore 
is going to see < PROPFIRST > III at the Gamut theatre 
Short day at work today , then off to lunch and a possible movie :) 
is watching Ghost Hunters Academy 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
is back at work but wishing it was still the weekend 
is actually doing physical labor at work 
Snow ... I guess it really is THAT time year again :( 
is going to the harrisburg symphony's christmas concert 
is running the office for now and assumes no responsibility for any disasters that may occur(although we've only gotten two phone calls all day ) 
is enjoying a half day off and trying to relax 
is attending Christmas in Millerstown 
is enjoying a half-day off 
toured the capitol building for the first time since she was a kid 
loves the Christmas season :) 
is off to the store for Christmas cards , then working out at the gym 
is writing a story about obesity and eating Christmas cookies 
has made peace with the snow for ruining her weekend plans and is actually enjoying it 
is watching national lampoons ' christmas vacation 
is baking cookies 
that had to be one of the most civil school board meetings i've ever seen 
left work early today and is watching Christmas movies 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
family dinner and then watching miracle on 34th street 
had a great Christmas and hopes everyone had a wonderful Christmas as well :) 
Off to see the new Sherlock Holmes movie and buy a Nintendo Wii :) 
Praying for the families of the shooting victims in Finland . I have a friend who lives near that area . 
Getting ready to sip some champagne and celebrate the new year ... Happy New Year everyone ! 
had a great New Year's < PROPFEMALE > with some fantastic raspberry champagne . Now off to get some Indian or Thai food and see Little Fockers at the movie theatre . 
My grandma was taken to the hospital today .... praying that everything is ok 
Thanks to everyone who prayed for my grandmother .. It looks like she didn't have a heart attack but the doctors are running more tests today 
... Pink ... 
is ready to go home and crawl under some blankets ... it's way too cold !! 
is going to the symphony and then to the farm show ... sort of an odd combination 
is praying for Haiti 
is at the \3rd in the Burg\ " event in Harrisburg " 
is off to a Hershey Bears game tonight 
is enjoying this rainy day with a good book 
can't wait for the weekend :) 
is watching the Hope for Haiti telethon 
< PROPMALE > Pitt is doing a wonderful thing by donating to Haiti and participating in the telethon , but I wish he would shave that awful beard ! 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > on Masterpiece theatre and participating in the twitter party 
is watching the state of the union address 
just got back from watching Cuartetango at the < PROPFEMALE > Lehrman arts center 
\And all my days are trances And all my nightly dreams Are where thy dark eye glances And where thy footstep gleams— In what ethereal dances By what eternal streams . \ " -Poe " 
salon visit , then ushering at oyster mill playhouse tonight 
is watching the Grammys , then < PROPFEMALE > on masterpiece theatre 
< PROPFEMALE > twitter party 
Go to Urbandictionary.com and enter your first name into the search . Copy and paste the first entry ( no cheating and picking the one you like the most ! lol) ! 
is excited for the season premiere of Lost ! 
Highlight of the day : Writing a police report about a drunk guy on a snowmobile 
is watching Northanger < PROPFEMALE > on masterpiece theatre 
is watching Lost 
is watching the olympics 
was so happy to see some sunshine and decent weather today ... counting down the days until spring 
is watching Persuasion on masterpiece theatre 
switching over to the olympics and then heading to bed 
is trying to figure out Lost 
Stupid head cold ... I knew I wasn't going to be able to make it through the winter without getting sick :( 
loves girl scout cookies :) 
is heading out to see a Shakespeare performance in Harrisburg 
really enjoyed the nice weather today ... now watching the oscars 
is going to see a movie 
is writing a sexual assault story and feeling nauseated from it 
is going to Oyster Mill playhouse to see \Murder by Appointment\ " tonight ... I hope the wind doesn't blow me away ! " 
is off to Hershey Theatre to see A Chorus Line 
is so sick of this rain .. Bring on the sunshine !! 
Beware the Ides of March ... I almost forgot about that .. 
is heading out to Harrisburg to celebrate St. < PROPFEMALE>'s day ! 
just got back from a nice walk before she has to head out for the school board meeting tonight 
is off to pilates class , then a murder mystery dinner at the Mount Hope mansion(Renaissance Faire ) 
is home from a wonderful weekend ... the murder mystery dinner was hilarious ... one of the best events I've been to at the Mt . Hope estate 
As beautiful as the last two days were , I still love the smell of spring rain ... 
ESL tutor meeting , home for a little while , then off to cover the building project meeting at EJ tonight 
was assigned an ESL student to tutor ... excited ... and the facility study presentation tonight should be interesting 
has to cover yet another meeting tonight , but is off to DC for the day tomorrow :) 
\Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night . \"- Edgar < PROPMALE > Poe " 
is so tired of meetings and glad that things are starting to slow down a bit 
is off to church ... Happy Easter ! 
ate too much at the buffet with her mom and grandpa and is going to eat with her dad tonight ... I hope my stomach can handle it 
hates getting flat tires :( 
is watching Precious 
is watching LOST ... it's pretty crazy tonight 
is loving this thunderstorm 
Woke up today and saw on the news that that those poor miners were found dead and the Polish president was killed in a plane crash ... but on a brighter note , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is getting married again ... lol 
is off to pilates class 
Today has been such a sad day ... praying for the people of Poland , praying for the miners ' families , and praying for my good friend who lost his mother today 
is off to see Macbeth at Gamut Theatre 
\I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains . \"- Anne < PROPFIRST > " 
is going to the Melting Pot restaurant in Harrisburg 
is watching the diary of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > on masterpiece theatre 
Stupid allergies ... taking a half day off to go home and rest 
is watching LOST 
is finally home from covering a trial 
trial is officially over ... now catching up with the outside world 
is going to a school board meeting 
is hoping that looking at some < PROPMALE > and drinking some wine in Harrisburg tonight will help her relax after a hectic week 
so the rain derailed my plans ... staying in for the evening 
so much for pilates class this morning ... this weekend isn't going at all as expected 
hates having a sore throat . The weather isn't helping the situation 
is staying home today to rest 
is still feeling sick but made it to work today .... It's going to be a long day 
has a room reserved for the beach in August ... can't wait !! 
is taking pics at the TIU awards ceremony as well as promo pics for the Stone Arch Players ' upcoming production ... then coming home to medicate myself and crash for the evening ... 
is finally home and settling to watch LOST ! 
is going to New Cumberland for the day , then to her book club this evening 
tutor meeting , then heading home to relax for the rest of the evening 
had a nice dinner with her mom and grandma and is relaxing for the evening 
just got back from a good pilates class ... now off to arepa city for lunch 
is heading out to see \the best little whorehouse in Texas\ " at Oyster Mill Playhouse ! then maybe to the coffeehouse if there's enough time " 
is watching The Hurt Locker 
loves thunderstorms :) 
is watching \America : The Story of Us\ " on the history channel " 
Cleaning , laundry , reading ... what an exciting day ! lol 
had to cancel dinner plans ... just hanging out at home for the evening 
open ballet class , then off to Harrisburg 
is starting the 30 Day Shred and considering the couch to 5k running plan ... pray for me ... 
ESL tutoring session at 5 , then home for the evening 
is off to cover a fire ... 
Day 1 of the couch to 5k program .. 
yoga , then some reading 
is back from the ballet and lunch at applebee's ... now getting ready to cover May Day at EJ tonight 
saw a girl wearing a dress that looked exactly like her senior prom dress at May Day tonight ... I guess my taste never goes out of style :) 
is back from the symphony 
thinks she'll need a therapist after watching LOST tonight ..... so depressing 
Happy Cinco de Mayo ! 
is getting ready to watch \America : The Story of Us \"" 
is really cold today . Where is the spring weather ? 
is getting ready to watch LOST ... there had better be some answers tonight !! 
is going to open ballet class and then , who knows ? 
just got back from a great performance by the stone arch players ! 
is heading out to Harrisburg for the weekend 
is off to Lancaster county for brewfest ! 
is getting ready to watch \America : The story of us\ " on the history channel " 
is finally home after a LONG day .... 
is going out for a run 
is trying to finish this book before her book club tomorrow 
is going to open ballet class and then to a book club this evening 
is covering a preliminary hearing for a man charged with multiple counts of sexual assault with several victims ... should be an interesting day 
( This pretty much summarizes my week .... )\ 
Please copy and paste this to your status if\ 
you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack \ 
in the head . People who need a smack in the head affect the lives of \ 
many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack in \ 
the head , except a smack in the head , but we can raise awareness . Many \ 
won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
thinks this is the most insane week she has ever had at work ... bring on the weekend ! 
is sipping some wine , looking at < PROPMALE > and listening to some great music in Harrisburg ... a perfect end to a stressful week 
is going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s wedding 
had a great time at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Spangler's wedding yesterday ... it's hard to believe how the years have gone by but I wish her and < PROPFIRST > the best of luck in their future ! 
is going out for some Thai food , then back home to watch the series finale of LOST ! 
Lost series finale is coming up .... do not disturb ! 
is back from the civil war museum 
is tutoring for an hour , then home for the evening 
is glad the weekend is here 
finally got the ac in , now watching The Lovely Bones 
is going to valley forge for the day 
is back from valley forge and Philly ... now relaxing for the rest of the day 
hopes that everyone has a great Memorial Day 
is watching the last episode of \America : The story of us\ " on the history channel " 
open ballet class , browsing at barnes and noble ... what a nice day off :) 
is going to Lancaster to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is going out to her early birthday dinner 
loved first Friday in Lancaster and dinner in the catacombs at Bubes brewery ... what a great weekend so far ! 
finally got her laptop back ! 
back from lunch at el sol ... now escaping from the rain for the rest of the day 
is back from a great play at Oyster Mill and a trip to Barnes and < PROPMALE > to do some book shopping while sipping hot chocolate :) 
is heading out to lewisburg for lunch with the family 
attempted to go to Shakespeare in the Park but the rain got in the way :( . Oh well , went to the bookstore instead 
is off to the dance recital and maybe to Red Rabbit for dinner :) 
took a half day vacation from work but will still be covering borough council tonight 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
can't believe the amount of junk that's accumulated in her desk 
is off to open ballet class 
is getting ready for a busy day at work 
is already tired but has to tutor , attend a school board meeting , write a story and get ready for the river sojourn tomorrow 
My office today is in a canoe heading down the Juniata River to cover the river sojourn .... can't say my job is boring 
is exhausted 
is off to see Shakespeare in the Park in Harrisburg 
Happy Father's Day to the dads out there ! 
is finishing a feature story 
is trying to slow things down this week ..... a lot 
is finally getting some time to read in her cozy , air-conditioned room 
is heading out to see a ballet in Harrisburg tonight 
is back to work , but can't wait for the weekend ! 
tutoring , VBS picture ... be back later tonight 
is looking forward to an exciting weekend :) 
is off to the Celtic Fling in Mount Hope 
is off to church , then the book fair in midtown Harrisburg ! 
is proud of herself because she came home from the book festival with only four books(it was a bit of a challenge ) and is now catching up on some reading in the comfort of her air-conditioned home :) 
yoga , then watching masterpiece theatre 
“The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being \ 
overwhelmed by the tribe . If you try it , you will be lonely often , \ 
sometimes frightened . But no price is too high to pay for the privilege \ 
of owning yourself . ” 
is so happy to have the day off to get some things done 
had a great run . Now time to cool off ! 
is watching \It's Complicated \"" 
is so glad it's Friday .... had to write a horrible story this week and I just want to forget about it :( 
is going to Gettysburg for the reenactments 
had a wonderful time in Gettysburg yesterday , despite being tired and sunburnt 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > and happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Please pray for my grandma because she was taken to the hospital this weekend . It's not life-threatening but she's pretty sick 
is jealous of the people who have the day off today ... it's back to work for me after getting to sleep in a little bit 
is off to the free symphony concert at Juniata 
just saw a fantastic Harrisburg symphony orchestra concert at JHS . The auditorium was packed . 
is off to court(to cover it that is ) 
\Each morning when I open my eyes I say to \ 
\Don't ever tell anybody anything . If you do 
covered a meeting that lasted almost three hours and then had a 40 minute drive back home 
loves the rain 
“Think about it . If you are single , after \ 
graduation there isn’t one occasion where people celebrate you \ 
Hallmark doesn’t make a “congratulations , you didn’t marry the wrong \ 
guy” card . And where’s the flatware for going on vacation alone ? \ \ 
is heading to York for wings 
is watching \Murder on the Orient Express\ " on masterpiece theatre " 
Wow ! What a great thunderstorm ! 
** Depression is not a sign of weakness . It is a\ 
sign that you've been too strong for too long . Make this your status if\ 
you know someone who has or has had Depression , and leave it on your \ 
status for at least an hour . Most people won't . It's mental health \ 
week ... 1 in 4 of us will suffer , at some point in our lives . Show your \ 
support . ** 
has a headache and sore throat .. yuck :( 
is covering court this morning 
is tutoring at the library , then covering a school board meeting 
needs a Valium and a stiff drink after that school board meeting . It's hard to write a story when I could barely see the figures on the power point presentation and could barely hear the speaker because I was surrounded by loud , irate people . 
is considerably calmer today and will be even more calm when she drinks some wine at the < PROPMALE > walk tonight ... 
is thinking about staying home instead of going to the < PROPMALE > walk in Harrisburg . After this week , all she wants to do is light some candles , play some relaxing music and enjoy the solitude 
is going for a walk 
is off to cover the Dutch Days parade and to Harrisburg tonight 
is going to mcgraths for dinner 
newsletter meeting at panera ... then home to relax 
is watching an < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > movie on masterpiece theatre 
is going to cover a borough council meeting , then back home to hopefully to do some pilates since I wimped out on walking in the heat today 
thinks it's so nice to cover a peaceful borough council meeting where everyone talked about issues in a civilized manner . It was refreshing after last week ..... 
is off to cover another evening meeting , the second of three this week .... oh well , the extra money will be nice 
hears thunder and is happy :) 
is trying to get caught up on \So You Think You Can Dance \"" 
thinks that today would be a good day to be two people instead of one 
is trying to de-stress . This weekend can't come soon enough ! 
is off to cover another meeting 
A question to everyone in facebook land : do you know of any places in the area that offer adult swimming lessons ? I never learned to swim very well and would like to learn . However , it seems that every place I come across only advertises classes for children ... Any help would be greatly appreciated ! 
is beyond thrilled to have a three-day weekend 
is going to a Chinese buffet and then to see Inception 
is heading out to watch \Leading Ladies\ " at oyster mill playhouse and looking forward to some rain today " 
is playing some wii games . It's been a great weekend ! 
thinks that Inception is one of the best movies she's seen in a long time . It was entertaining but also very deep and thought-provoking . 
is taking advantage of this relatively cool evening to go for a walk 
is watching < PROPFIRST > Bourdain on the travel channel 
is shooting pool at the Moose with her dad 
is thinking that the the idiocy of some people never ceases to amaze her 
is off to the library to do some ESL tutoring 
is so happy to see her student making progress . Tutoring is so rewarding and I'm glad I started doing it . 
is going out for a run ... hopefully it get a little bit cooler outside 
\Half the world is composed of people who have \ 
is thrilled to have a new desk at work . With this extra space I may actually be able to keep a clean and organized desk !! (okay , that might be a pipe dream ) 
\I don't believe one grows older . I think that what \ 
Okay , my editor just dashed my dreams about my neat , organized desk . She told me that junk has a way of expanding to fill up all the new space . 
Another question for everyone in facebook land ... I'm a novice flyer planning a trip in the near future . How do you find the best deals on flights ? Are there any tips or tricks I should know ? Any advice would be greatly appreciated ! 
is heading out to take pictures of pigs and other farm animals at the 4-H auction ... it's not one of her favorite things to do but it should be an interesting evening 
is going to Cornerstone coffeehouse for the evening 
is off to Oyster Mill to label postcard and then to Wildwood park for a walk and some nice pictures 
change in plans ... probably staying in for the day 
is working on articles for the Oyster Mill newsletter 
is going out for a walk 
is finishing her newsletter articles and getting caught up on \So you think you can dance . \"" 
is heading out to cover the public meeting for the school district building project ... should be interesting 
\The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt . \ " -Bertrand < PROPFIRST > " 
is so sleepy today .... looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow 
is not feeling that great ... had to cancel her plans today so she could stay home and rest before the meeting tonight 
is off to cover another fun-filled building project meeting 
is looking at the beach in Ocean City via webcam ... two more weeks ! 
just got back from taking pics at the 5k in Millerstown today and definitely wants to participate next year ! Now off the cover the McAlisterville bicentennial ... 
is checking out the Millerstown carnival but probably won't be there too long because of this heat 
is off to the Midtown Scholar bookstore 
went for a nice walk at Wildwood park today 
covered a shooting and a < PROPMALE > school board decision this week ... now it's time to get away to Ocean City , MD .... 
woke up with chills , body aches and a high fever last night . This is not going to be a fun day :( 
is watching the emmys ... not too happy with the some of the winners :( 
is watching the presidential address 
is heading out to see the Titanic exhibit at the Whitaker Center before it ends 
is heading out to Kipona on this beautiful day ! 
is enjoying a relaxing morning and this cooler weather 
is off to take pictures at the Juniata county fair 
thinks it's time for a new car 
is heading out to take pictures at the fair tonight 
I see a lot of people writing about where they were on 9/11 . I can remember every detail of what I did and what was happening as if it were yesterday . That clarity is something I hope I never lose . God bless everyone who lost a family member or friend on 9/11 , and THANK YOU to the firefighters and other emergency personnel who helped that day and in the days that followed . 
is going to the < PROPMALE > walk in Harrisburg today 
is watching the VMAs 
is annoyed that her computer got hit with the security suite virus last night ... has anyone else heard of it or had a similar problem ? 
is heading out to take pictures at the multi-cultural festival in Mifflintown(yes , you read that right ) 
is heading out to see a Poe performance at Gamut Theatre tonight ... 
is going on a spur of the moment trip to west < PROPMALE > 
was completely caught off guard by this thunderstorm 
thinks it's a fantastic night for a walk 
is going to see creatures of the night at zooamerica 
is going to the Renaissance Faire 
is relaxing at home and watching a Mad Men DVD 
is home from day 1 of the < PROPMALE > trial ... so depressing 
Day 2 of the < PROPMALE > trial is over ... I never thought a story could get to me so much 
What a day ! Spent the entire day covering a trial , then a school board meeting , then back to the trial to wait for the verdict .... it's definitely time for bed 
is off to NYC 
is staying at home today because she's exhausted and sick with a sore throat 
is still sick . This really sucks . 
is going to see Poe Evermore at the Mt . Hope estate 
is enjoying a nice day off 
is heading out to take a Veteran's Day picture .... thank you to all the veterans who have served our country and also to the soldiers who are protecting us now 
is enjoying a day off before she has to cover another trial in Juniata county .... unfortunately there are more perverts in this area than any of us would like to believe ... 
used the newspaper articles she wrote last week to help her student improve her vocabulary today . She learned several new words including manslaughter , reckless endangerment , incarceration and homicide . Hopefully there will be more uplifting articles in the future :) 
had a pretty rotten day . Looking at some of the status updates I see I'm not alone .. 
will be praying a lot today . I don't know all of the circumstances but no one ever really knows the amount of pain an individual may be hiding . It's a tragic situation for everyone involved . 
is so glad to have the weekend off 
is sad to learn of another suicide in the area . Praying for the families .... 
is watching Dancing with the Stars 
is watching the Dancing with the Stars finale 
can't wait until until this day is over and Thanksgiving begins ! 
is looking forward to having the day off tomorrow . Maybe I'll actually get something accomplished . 
Wow ! We're getting some wicked weather today ! 
is not prepared for this weather 
is at Christmas in Millerstown 
is sick of being taken for granted ... 
thinks it's way too cold out there ! 
was run off the road by a tractor-trailer this morning , found out she's not getting a bonus this year when she has a lot of bills to pay before Christmas , and later found out a family friend has to have heart surgery next week . Today has been a rotten day :( 
is so glad it's Friday 
had a great dinner at Carraba's . Now staying up late and eating Christmas cookies . 
is heading out to see The Nutcracker at Hershey Theatre 
is wondering why she had a new profile for a few hours and it reverted back to the old one ..... has anyone else had this happen ? 
thinks there's nothing like watching elected officials fight to get her in the holiday spirit 
promises < PROPFEMALE > that her new digital camera won't meet the same fate as the previous two . ( I always seem to damage them in some way ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is off to Christmas < PROPFEMALE > service 
is watching the first season of I Love < PROPFEMALE > with her grandfather . He never got to see some of the shows because he was serving in Korea at the time . 
after-Christmas lunch with my dad and grandma 
has way too much food in her kitchen and is in desperate need of the gym after all this eating ! 
just got back from a great workout at the gym and is starting her New Year's resolutions early ... 
is waiting impatiently for her Nook to arrive . .... 
Happy New Year 
is officially the proud owner of a nook :) . I haven't been this excited about a purchase in a long time ... 
Happy Three Kings Day ! 
just finished her federal and state taxes for 2010 . For once I didn't procrastinate 
is bored to death at work and daydreaming about an escape to a tropical island paradise .... 
“I don’t want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it . I want to have lived the width of it as well . ” – < PROPFEMALE > Ackerman 
What makes < PROPFEMALE > great : A black President , white Vice President and orange Speaker . #stateoftheunion 
thinks it's so much fun to wake up and find your income tax return and paycheck deposited in your account . :) 
what an awful morning :( There's nothing like having to sit across from an ( alleged ) child molester for forty minutes :( . 
is heading out to see the Harrisburg symphony 
wishes some parents would keep a better eye on their children . These kids were running up and down the aisle by my seat at a symphony performance in Harrisburg . When someone asked where their parents were , they pointed to a couple sitting on the other side of the Forum ! There's absolutely no excuse for that ... 
just listened to a sexually violent predator stand up in court and give a 10-minute sermon asking Juniata county residents to forgive him so they won't burn in Hell . Unbelievable . 
finally got her hair cut and colored ... it looks so much better now ! 
Is the proud owner of a brand new nook since the refurbished nook stopped working .... can't beat that exchange ! 
is off to zumba class ! 
loved watching \The Odd Couple\ " at Fishing Creek Playhouse last night ! " 
is glad that the trial is finally over ! Fortunately the jury deliberation was only a little over an hour this time . 
is so sick today :( 
is excited to get her Girl Scout cookies ! I'm glad I'm feeling better so I can eat them all , especially the thin mints . 
is off to Hershey Theatre 
just got back from seeing \La Boheme\ " performed by the Harrisburg symphony orchestra " 
has been selected for jury duty :( . Any ideas on how I could get out of it ? 
is watching The Color Purple movie after seeing it performed last Saturday 
“Some people are like Slinkies - not really good for anything , but you still can't help but smile when you see one tumble down the stairs . ” 
is going to see a play performed by the Stone Arch Players tonight 
Is heading out to the < PROPMALE > of prussia mall and west < PROPMALE > for the day 
was looking forward to a nice spring thunderstorm last night and woke up to this . What happened ???? 
Happy Fat Tuesday ! 
is praying for all those affected by the tsunami 
is going antique shopping , trying egyptian food for the first time , then going to see a movie 
is watching \The Social Network \"" 
is very proud of how the people of < PROPFIRST > county rallied to support the Clouse family and protect them in case the Westboro Baptist church showed up today . 
has a horrible sore throat/earache combo and wants to crawl back into bed :( 
is in serious need of travel . 
thinks there are some advantages to living in a small town . Someone observed that one of my headlights is out and told my neighbor , who told my grandfather , who told my mother , who called me at work to let me know . It only took a few hours . 
is celebrating St. < PROPFIRST>'s day by sitting in what's probably going to be a long , drawn-out school board meeting ... aren't you jealous ? 
Well , that school board meeting was pretty grim . 
is off to cover a legislative banquet . 
thinks the < PROPFEMALE > looks awesome tonight :) 
is going to lunch at Cafe Fresco and then off to see a movie . 
has a sore throat that will not go away :( 
hates March because it's such a tease ... 
is loving this thunderstorm ! 
Is off to get some thai food and see hamlet 
is off to dinner at Herby's restaurant 
is going to the gym and then home to relax 
is off to the murder mystery dinner at mount hope 
Is in Philly for the day 
finally got to see Swan Lake today at the Whitaker center . 
is watching \Black Swan \"" 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Portman definitely deserved her < PROPFIRST > for Black Swan 
is watching \The Graduate \"" 
is hoping to get a good workout at the gym today 
is heading out to dinner at Black N Bleu restaurant 
always procrastinates with her local taxes :( . 
' s computer got hit with the \your computer has a virus\ " virus :( " 
so I went to a local high school today to interview a class and on my way in , someone asked me what grade I was in ... hmmmm :) 
is tutoring at the library and then taking a yoga class at the gym . 
So maybe I was a < PROPMALE > too enthusiastic at yoga last night . My poor back :( ... 
had to get up early this morning to cover a \meet the candidates\ " breakfast . " 
Is making thai chicken and forbidden rice with < PROPMALE > while listening to 90s music 
Is flooded in for the evening 
Is off to get luch at an indian buffet 
has a horrible headache :( 
is off to jury duty 
got picked to serve as an alternate for a child molestation child trial ... I just knew that was going to happen ! 
is working from home today 
is covering a possible school closing , a protest rally , an unexplained death and much more ... I thought this was going to be a slow week ... 
is so glad this week is over ! 
feels a million times better after doing some yoga :) 
Every time it rains , my allergies act up :( . 
Watching \The < PROPMALE>'s Speech\ " and trying to rest so I feel better for Easter tomorrow ... " 
Happy Easter ! 
is heading out to Easter dinner at her mom's new place 
can't believe she got a summons for jury duty again ! This time it's in district court . Why me ? 
\There will be time 
is off to the gym 
“Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again ; we had longer ways to go . But no matter , the road is life . ” –Jack Kerouac 
thinks there's nothing like a thunderstorm and a good book ... 
is praying for the people in the East Waterford area whose homes and barns were damaged 
is driving around to get pictures of the damage 
Well that was an adventure . There are pieces of trees and tin from barns scattered along the road on Route 75 and I had the misfortune of hitting one and getting a flat tire :( . 
is going to be so happy when the < PROPMALE > wedding is over ... is there any < PROPFEMALE > the news media hasn't covered with this ?? 
is feeling bored and restless ... 
is going on a road trip with < PROPMALE > this weekend ... who knows where we'll end up ... 
Well , we ended up in < PROPFEMALE > and we're hanging out in Baltimore for the night 
is heading home and then going to see \the phantom\ " at the Harrisburg symphony orchestra with @ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE >!" 
So it's been confirmed .. a tornado definitely touched down in Juniata county last week . 
Today is one of those days where I wish I would have stayed in bed :( 
\Do not go gentle into that good night 
is watching Waiting for Superman 
is so glad to have the day off ... unfortunately it's still raining here :( 
To everyone out on there on facebook-don't click on the fake Bin Laden death photos that been circulating . People are using these photos to spread viruses . I had to delete three from my wall last night . 
is going to Palumbo's for some pizza 
Feliz Cinco de Mayo mis amigos ! 
is going to see Postmortem at Oyster Mill Playhouse 
is recovering from pilates class 
just got back from the sled works in duncannon 
is watching Idiocracy 
Happy Mother's Day 
\Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night \"- Edgar < PROPMALE > Poe " 
