Watching the time square ball drop . Text me :) 

Wow cant believe im saying this but I wish i could go back to school ???? Miss all my buddies :) 
just got back from ultimate frisbee 
ummm just got back from volleyball practice and it was hot !!!! 
About to go to church :) Then heading off to North < PROPFEMALE > 
Talking , Texting , Laughing :) 
ITS WAY TO EARLY to be up but im to excited 
Just got back from the braves game and im in a bad mood :( 
SOOO tired but i have to go to Volleyball tryouts again today 
I made JV VolleyBall YEAH !!! 
Hard Practice today :( Relay For Life Tomorrow :) Vollyball tournament Saturday : 0 Just Keepng yall updated LOL 
Dont want to go to school :( But i have to :) 
ITS KELSEYS BIRTHDAY and im going to school ITS GOING TO BE CHANTELLS BIRTHDAY TOMARROW :) 
34-10 GO DAWGS SIC EM ' 
SO TIRED too many things confusing just need a moment to think :( But I dont have one !!! :( 
Don't cry because it's over . Smile because it happened . Dr. Seuss 
About to leave for a Halloween PARTY !!! BOO !!! 
I just got stung by a Red Wasp :( 
If an alligator bites your arm just roll with it lol 
Just had a Chorus Concert and if I must say our 9th graders were AMAZING 
Well ..... Colonels for Christ was fun we helped give Christmas to over 125 families and We got to go to taco < PROPFEMALE > and sing Christmas Songs all in one night AMAZING 
Cant wait to go to Brooklyn's BDAY Party 
So ive moved into my new room and we've been so busy that i totally forgot that Christmas was like in 2 days its CRAZY 
Just got back from church had fun but very sad there is no youth :( 
< PROPFIRST>'s over !!! :) I breathe In , I breathe out ... 
With < PROPFIRST > , having a blast !! Love you < PROPFIRST > your amazing .. :) 
Just got done making snow angels and drinking HOMEMADE hot chocolate but im still frezzing and VERY glad all county schools are closed tomorrow :) 
Smile ... A frown might turn people away !!!!!!!! Put a SMILE on your face !!!!!!! 
With < PROPFEMALE > Cronin and we are singing and having a blast !!! < PROPFEMALE > always has my back and when im feeling down she always brings me back up :) 
AHHHHH < PROPFEMALE > is still over and we cant stop laughing we had energy drinks and its just now kicking in WOW lol but still glad shes over :) Going to church in the morning and then to youth after :) 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > are going to church tonight and im sooooo tired but dont worry we both just had an energy drink :P 
HAHA soooooo .... Sick I have a sinus infection sitting at home I had to miss school today :( O well ill go to tommorow and ill BE at CHURCH YEA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So guess what everyone God is good all the time and all the time God is good . Llife is amazing we should be grateful for what we have and sometimes we need to slow down and think about that . 
Just got back from church and < PROPFEMALE > Cronin came with me !!!!!!!!!!!! Ahhhhhh and we had fun lol singing Fireflies on the way home . :) 
Ok so i learned some new things today 1 . That if somebody is being mean to you do what jesus would do and kill them with kindness 2 . Ok so i need to get up at my alarm clock or my mom will wake me up 5 < PROPFEMALE > . before you walk out the door UGH lol and last but not least 3 . Nobody is perfect and dont ignore your faults try to fix them and accept them . :) HAD A WONDERFUL DAY :) 
SOOOOOOO TIRED AHHHH still have to clean my room had a very very long day at drama but well worth it we got alot done !!!!! < PROPFEMALE > is coming over that is why im cleaning my room . ((( THERE NOT AT THE COURTHOUSE ))) 
Lets see its 2:30 in the morning and me and < PROPFEMALE > just watched a hilarious movie ( Yo Man that was Dope ) anyways im really tired going to church in the morning :) 
Am im in a wonderful mood nothing can beat it . Really dont want to go to school but you know i will . SOOOOO YEA lol :) 
SO im in an ok mood but i have to go to drama hope its fun :) then i have NO HOMEWORK lol yeah but i have reasons to be Sad :'( 
Going to bed Before i crash and I have a Goverment and Math test Tommorow but I am still in a great mood lol :) Cant wait for < PROPFIRST>'s Wrestling Match Tommorrow :) He better WIN 
Well soooooooooo glad its the weekend < PROPFEMALE > is Over and im praying i get to get my ears peirced Tomorrow :) 
Im in a pretty good mood we get to go help out with the little kids at church tonight YEAH I LOVE KIDS . Back to school Monday :) Im pretty Excited . 
Ahhhhh Ughhhh lol :) :( 
Im a great mood :) Wow im in a great mood but im so bored :( AHH text me . 
Happy Birthday Mommy and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is over and we are getting ready for church it should be alot of fun :) 
Im soooo sick YUCK i dont feel good . Im waiting and im tired of waiting . So text me :) VANILLA TWILIGHT :) 
Happy Valentines Day :) well for a few more minutes . 
Well had a pretty good day only bc its friday but I have to get up in the morning pretty early sooo we will see how that goes lol ;) 
WOW im soooo tired ughh have so much studying to do before Tays test lol I have church tomorrow im excited :) 
We have the Variety show tommorrow at chuirch and im excited bc i think it is going to go well :) 
Gosh so tired got back from drama and my dad and I just got done Jamming out to 80's music and it was very fun ! : 0 Im already done with Tays homework :) 
WELL i just got home from church i am preparing for another week of school and im sooo ready for my camping weekend with all my buddies and my best friend :) 
Wow im back from camp but I did not want to leave at all . I didnt want to come back and go to school id rather be at my favorite place in the world . 
Wow i hope the rain and thunder means spring is on its way . I have drama at 4 so i dont get the whole day off . 
WOW lol soooo tired cant keep my eyes open just had a suuuppppper long day AHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
Ok im going to the mall with my friends . And by the way for all of you that dont know it is the FIRST DAY OF SPRING :) And im soooooo glad . 
Just had dinner with my amazing youth director < PROPFEMALE > , excited for church but my throat is very very sore idk why 
Im soooooo sick I cant even get up to go to church ughhhh :( 
Still sick but I will be at school tomorrow . My play is this weekend im super excited :P 
Im stilll waking up Im about to clean my room then decide what hair style i should have tonight for my musical . 
I cant wait for todays musical so I can see all my friends im so happy :) 
I want to say Thank you to my whole youth group for coming to my play it meant alot to me to have my closest friends there :) 
I have to study for Tays test I hope i do well :) 
Look at how big that dog is .... That isnt a dog .. Yes it is ... No its A Goat ?.. Yeah thats the conversation me and my family had in the car the other day . 
Well im all packed for Panama cant wait to sleep in a tent all week WOOO :) :) 
Can't Sleep :( UGHHH 
Well we are leaving for Panama City :) 
Well I started the day with a shower party with < PROPFIRST > Tate . Then I went to the beach now i'm on the way to walmart :) 
Just ate Zaxbys and now im watching television with my mother :) 
Blowing Bubbles :) 
Eating Lucky Charms with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Well lets look on the bright side tomorrow is FRIDAY !!! :) 
YEAH about to go to school lol :) 
HAHA the week is over :) 
WORST DAY EVER and to add on to it ughhhhhhh im PUNISHED UGHHHHH 
I need to just say it why wont I ???? 
I'm only up when you're not down . Don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground . It's like no matter what I do . WELL YOU DRIVE ME CRAZY HALF THE TIME THE OTHER HALF IM ONLY TRYIN TO LET YOU KNOW THAT WHAT I FEEL IS TRUE And I'm only me when I'm with you . THAT WAS A < PROPFIRST > SWIFT SONG DESCRIBING MY LIFE LOL :) 
sooooo ..... church is tomorrow and half the week is over (: 
UGHHHH SCHOOL :( 
WOW you know i just wish it could be summer already :) I want my best friend back :) 
Im trying to explain to my brother that just because on the milk it say sell by May 4th its still ok 1 day later lol ..... 
Why wont people just except themselves and make the best of things and relize they do have friends and people who care about them (: 
EOCT's are tomorrow im so nervous I cant wait until summer though :P 
CONGRATS MOM It was mothers day yesterday and your gift is that you got a job at WHITE ELEMENTARY :) Hope you liked it :) 
About to go to church and Kaytlyn is coming :) 
When you need someone to text you they never do . And when you dont want them to text you they dont shup-up ! lol 
How come love in tennis is nothing ? How come you drive on a park-way but park on a drive-way ? How come you cook bacon but bake cookies ? 
About to to CIT training :) 
My mom's surgery was successful and hopefully she will be home tomorrow 
Dont you hate it when you cant sleep and your up watching SpongeBob : 0 lol 
I got into the Chamber of Commerce Leadership Program today . I found out they sent it to the wrong address , and I got a phone call from them today . :) 
I hate it when you think your plan is full proof then something happens 
Im really proud of my mom and not just because of what she has recently done , but because she is a wonderful mother to me and < PROPFIRST > . I love her so much . Im so grateful to have a mother that loves me sooo much :) I love you mommy and im proud to be your daughter . 
VBS tomorrow morning very early lol . It should be fun :) 
ALL READY FOR MONTREAT !!!!! :) 
IM SO EXCITED FOR MONTREAT :) 
HAD FUNN IN Indiana :) 
Ughh school starts in one week :( but ive had an amazing summer . I was a CIT at Camp Cherokee :) I went to Montreat and Triennium and did a bunch of other stuff cant wait till next summer :( 
Cant sleep text me :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is here and we are sooooo excited we are going on a ROADTRIP !!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHH :) Think about it < PROPFEMALE > and me on a roadtrip . HAHA . 
So im leaving for NewYork Tomorrow after school :) 
Ive been soooo many places in the last two days ( White House , The Capitol Building , The < PROPMALE > Memorial , The < PROPMALE > Memorial , The Washington Monument , Independence Hall ( The signing of the declaration and the Constitution ) , The < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ) Tomorrow we are going to Gettysburg and then to NewYork for the Fair and my BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Guess who get her Learners TODAY !!!!! Yeah thats right ME !!!!!!!! :D 
I feel sooo sick :( 
Has not had a very good day ive been sick and had to deal with certain people not going to name names . 
BIRTHDAY PARTY TODAY :) 
Had lots of fun today I got to practice my Etiquette and learned how to do the fox trot with < PROPMALE > today and had a lovely dinner at CiCi's with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > cant wait for Health day with the homeless . 
Helping Hands workday is canceled but WE WILL HAVE YOUTH GROUP 4:30 to 6:30 and Bring MONEY for Brusters 
It was a Monday :( but I have a feeling it is going to get better ! 
Im really excited for Homecoming week next week . Cass always makes it pretty interesting !! :) 
Wow tonight was very interesting !!! 
I dont know who im going to homecoming with yet ?? 
Who knows what Mr. Fleck's homework was for Friday ??? 
I can only take this week one day at a time and pretend Monday is really Friday :) 
Had a great a time at church tonight .... 
I was soooo hyperrr at tennis today !!! :D 
Computer Apps today turned into a dentist office ... :) 
This is my last match for USTA :( I hope I do well today ! 
Where are you Christmas Why can't I find you Why have you gone away Where is the laughter You used to bring me Why can't I hear music play My world is changing I'm rearranging Does that mean Christmas changes too ...... I feel you Christmas I know I've found you You never fade away The joy of Christmas Stays here inside us\ 
Fills each and every heart with love .. <3 :) 
Send me a number and Ill say my favorite things about you !! :) 
#323 - I miss < PROPFEMALE > ing out with you , Your so funny :) We need to < PROPFEMALE > out sometime !! :) 
#12 - We have been through so much ! Your always there for me I love you !! :) . 
#346 - Your always so much fun to be around and your always happy .. even though you do interupt me !! lol jk :) 
#1 . 5- I love you !! Your so sweet and I feel that we have come so close in such a short time !! I love being around you , you always make me happy !! :) 
#18 - Your such a good friend and your so talented !! Dont forget that your loved by many people !! I love you !! :) 
#25 - Well .. where to start with this kid .. jk I love this kid even though he makes fun of me :) lol jk . And hes really funny :) 
#007 - This girl is freaking amazing ... and we need to < PROPFEMALE > out sometime !! :) 
#6234 - Now this girl me and her go wayy back .. and I love her .!! Shes pretty tough , and shes beautiful at the same time !! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is over and we have had so much fun out in the snow !!! We built an 8ft tall snowman !! :) 
So the longest word is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis ... which beats supercalifragilisticexpialidocious by 11 letters :) 
It was a long hard day ... just keep pushing ... Everything will be fine !! 
Spent half of today at Scottish Rite ..!! Yuck I hope I start feeling better FAST ! :) 
Put this as your status and see what color people tell you . \ 
Red : I love you\ 
Pink : you're cute\ 
Green : you're funny\ 
White : I used to like you\ 
... Yellow : you're amazing\ 
Orange : I wanna go out with you\ 
Black : I miss you\ 
Blue : friends forever\ 
Purple : you're hot\ 
Brown : you're sweet\ 
Gold : you're in my family 
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Ashe 
Tennis begins with love ... And I love it !! :) 
I won my match today 8-1 . I absolutely hate it when people are mad at me ... :( 
But the struggles makes me stronger\ 
And the changes make me wise\ 
And happiness has its own way of takin ' its sweet time . Life ain't always beautiful but it's a beautiful ride . Me And < PROPFEMALE > Cline won our match 8-3 !!! :) 
Game Night tonight 4:30 be at the church :) Bring a game and a friend !!! 
Okay so whoever wants to do something this weekend should let me know !!! :) 
I went to the zoo with my wonderful family today ... And I was very disappointed to find out that Atlanta Zoo does not have peacocks :( 
WOW intresting morning !!! :) 
Well ... I had a long week but today it paid off and I won my tennis match 6-0 ; 6-0 
Today was a good day !!!! I WON my match 6-2 6-3 :) :) :) :) !!!! 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > are about to make Brownies !!! PANAMA CITY TOMORROW !!! :) 
