Happy New Years everyone !! I'm starting mines off with a movie ! 

I always hated that feeling after a hard run ... but it pays off well . 
had some hair for 6 years and now has hardly any ... 
Thanks to all of you that wished me a happy bday !! 
Vick is a beast ! Don't hate lol 
Weightlifting for track and field on Sunday ... can't wait ! 
Gonna eat and then hit that weight room . It's time . 
It's your decisions that make things difficult ... not mine . 
is like i can't wait until i see that person's reaction ... lmao 
almost forgot how to do integrals for a second ... not good lol 
feel like sleepin all day today . 
forgot how hard it is to type after hittin that weight room ... lol 
classes at 8 , 10 , 12 , and 2 . then a meeting at 3:30 ... tomorrow is clustered i say 
Tennessee or Pittsburgh ? 
gonna play some super nintendo on my computer 
our football team is about to pick up another win today 
let's go RAMS ! lol 
needs someone to jump my car ... 
Rams 0-1 . Let's get a win ! 
No classes today ! Woot ! 
has 4 classes today and skipped 3 . i guess im a hard sleeper nowadays 
trying to pull an all-nighter 
My Rams ( 0-2 ) vs Nate's Packers ( 1-1 ) ... I know who's gonna win but still . GO RAMS ! What happened to the greatest show on turf for all these years ? 
I just woke up from trying to sleep thanks to some McCunees . Now I have to rely on Nate getting me up for my 8am economics class . 
just got done with a little workout . Now what ? 
is now on \Hard\ " difficulty in rockband/guitar hero lol " 
forgot to log out of facebook 
Can't wait until fall break ! 
Don't wanna sleep but there's nothin to do . 
Lunch , then lift . After that , goin to walmart and after that HOPEFULLY I'll study for my history test . 
Today was the last day of pre-season practice . It's almost time for some real workout ! 
Accidentally fell asleep in a friend's room ... I think it's time for me to go to bed ... NAH ! I'll stay up a little more . =) 
Gonna watch shippensburg play tomorrow then drive home . While at home I'm gonna do a couple week's worth of chemistry homework cuz there's nothin else to do . But at least that's doing somethin productive lol . 
Stayed up until 5:33 am doing computer programming homework and still aint gettin nooooooooooo wheeeeeeeeeeeeeere . F-R-U-S-T-R-A-T-I-N-G as $#@ ! 
Aaahhh ! Got no classes today ... only track practice . =) 
Badly needs a soda ... forget this , goin to the CUB ! 
Sqqjl efke yb cqyvd jqse < PROPFEMALE > kdkyv < Yel fkwa cqyvd k cjkzh bkvm Vu bkeeqw pfke y aun efq wltje kjpkrl lkr juvqjrlm 
Headin to track practice . Yay ! 
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds . 
Happy Halloween ! 
Hates these < PROPFEMALE > splints !! 
Just had a great \world series\ " in pool ( 2 on 2 ) . 4-2 win ! Haha ! YEAH ! lol " 
\Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile . \"" 
Badly needs some extra credit in programming ... 
Intellectuals solve problems , geniuses prevent them . 
Expecting life to treat you well because you are a good person is like expecting an angry bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian . 
Good performances by our team !! Now I'm beat . I want sleeeeeeep !!! 
Hahaha , I can't believe some other hall tried to start a snowball fight with us AFTER most of us went inside . 
Lol she likes every redundant post he posts ... it's pathetic . 
How about those < PROPMALE > Browns ??! 
The Saints weren't ready for dem Cowboys !! 
Didn't sleep for over 26 hours . That's so typical of me whenever I'm on break . I woke up at 7pm today . Geez , lol . 
< PROPFEMALE > X-Mas everyone !! 
Feels like watchin a movie ... any suggestions ? 
My playoff predictions : Bengals over Jets Patriots over Ravens Cowboys over Eagles Packers over Cardinals 
Wow , who woulda knew that Arizona can score 51 points on that Green Bay defense ? Good game though . Go Ravens and go Cowboys ! 
My legs and ribs are so sore that I have to walk like an old man . Thanks track and field ! lol 
Track meet ! I'm ready to break 7.00 ! 
“When a man gets up to speak , people listen , then look . When a woman gets up , people look ; then , if they like what they see , they listen . ” - Anonymous 
Hopefully I'll do well today and tomorrow with this hip flexor and < PROPFEMALE > splints . 
“True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Gentry 
hears that it's gonna snow even more this week !! 
“You meet people who forget you . You forget people you meet . But sometimes you meet those people you can't forget . Those are your ' friends . ' ” - Anonymous 
\Shit's going nauts ! \"" 
Leavin to Ohio at 4:30 !!! Ready or not , here I come !!! 
Back at Ship from Ohio ! Fell asleep during the track meet and didn't realize that I made 60m dash finals , woke up , warmed up for 5 minutes , and still beat my prelim time lol . 
“We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are . ” - < PROPMALE > & Hobbes 
Us men earned a bronze medal at the championships ... a little disappointed , but it's okay . For the Lady Raiders , congrats for being PSAC champions !! 
“Life is short , don't waste time worrying about what people think of you . Hold on to the ones that care , in the end they will be the only ones there . ” - Anonymous 
Spring break !! 
This semester is really kickin my ass ... 
God I wish my legs were healthy ... 
Due to assassin , it feels like home where I have to watch my back ... but in this case , I'll be creepin on my target at the same time ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Stonehouse is my bitch 
Screw Mozilla Firefox ... runs too slow and takes too much memory . Back to Internet Explorer . 
To rely heavily on someone = To be under their control = To be under their possession . 
It's so hot in McCune !! Where's the air conditioner ?? 
Lmao just had a good conversation on isketch.net when i should be sleepin ... i dont even know if that's a good or bad thing . 
can't wait until this semester is over , but don't want to go home at the same time . 
Growin my hair out again . 
Good luck in the track meet tomorrow , Ship !! 
“She behaves as if she was beautiful . Most American women do . It is the secret of their charm . ” - < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
Just another year of college complete ... Ship Happens . 
Just got everything unpacked ... now who's doing the laundry ? 
Going on a 3-hour ride to my cousin's graduation today ! 
I almost hit a dog yesterday morning with my car because it came running in the street . 
Jus saw a young white girl wit a fine booty .. what have they been feedin them nowadays ... smh ... 
I'm finally getting a little more confident about my hamstrings . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes !!! 
I forget how awesome naps were ! 
C'MON SON !! 
Rams lost ... =/ They look like a pretty decent team this year , though . 
super hungry lol 
Most\ 
people are other people . Their thoughts are someone else's opinions , \ 
their lives a mimicry , their passions a quotation . ~ Oscar Wilde 
Thinkin about where to live next year for Ship . 
This rain makes me not feel like doin anything !!! 
They know me now ... don't even need verification anymore lol . 
Sociology homework ... check . Linear Algebra homework ... check . Calc 2 homework ... check . Physics homework ... check . I'm all good to go ! 
< PROPFIRST > Moss is a Viking once again .. I wonder how him and Favre are gonna be together . 
Even though we fell short in double OT , it was the most exciting Ship game that I've seen . 
Fall break !!! ... but I'm still gonna be at Ship . 
Gonna eat lunch with an old friend later today !! Haven't seen him in over a decade ! 
Excited that track practice starts tomorrow !! 
Had a presentation , then a math class with 2 pgs of notes taken , barely any lunch , 2 more classes and I almost dozed off in them , a great track practice , ate a sub , KTFO , shower , late night , possibly < PROPFEMALE > out , then lastly , study right before bed . Good Monday I say . 
Spring semester will tear me to pieces !! : Stats 1 , Differential Equations , Physics 2 , Calc 3 , and on top of that I have track !! 
7 people packed in a civic ... this is gonna be a good night . 
I can't believe that our first track meet is less than a month away already . 
Feels like throwin the football , playin Black Ops , and watchin some movies ........... at the same time . 
Almost everytime I pass a group of girls talkin to each other , the word that I hear the most is \he\ " . Anyone else notice that ? Lol " 
\It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
Back to the Burg where all the hard stares come to get me . Missin my girl already . 
5-6 and on top of the division ... I aint complainin lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Barna nice try =) 
Already can't wait until the January track meet at Bucknell . 
Can't sleep ... good thing that I don't have a final until Wednesday . 
Hardest final tomorrow and I don't even know where to start studying .. nor do I feel like it ... not to mention that I don't know what time the final starts . 
Just now I had to tell someone the difference between : there , their , and they're ... is that terrible or what ? In the same time this is expected nowadays . 
Ended up pulling an all-nighter after drinking 2 rockstars . My eyes couldn't completely focus on the questions lol ... but I know that I passed for the semester . 
“A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity ; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty . ” - < PROPMALE > Churchill 
Ahh ... finally the break of < PROPFEMALE > and there is snow on the ground ... now I know that I'm near my destination . 
All the Rams need to do is win this one last game ! 
... omfg ........................................................... 
Lol ... the most viewed video on Youtube is : < PROPFIRST > Bieber - Baby ft . Ludacris ... what has the world come to ? 
I think it's kinda bad when you almost burn the house down by makin hot dogs . 
I lift thingz up n put dem dowwn . 
Damn .... the foreign cashier at the corner store was high as fuk ... smfh ... 
About to beat Nate in Madden 11 with the < PROPMALE > Texans real quick . 
Lol as soon as I got back to Ship I'm already doin it .. smh 
I have 255 songs on my itunes .... and 70 of them are 2 Pac songs . 
Jus divided 150 of McDonalds ' chicken nuggets amoung 7 people ... I'm pretty stuffed . 
Jus had a random dream of counting how much change I had in my pockets ... lol 
Can't sleep . 
There's snow coming down ... makes me wanna throw snowballs or even tackle some fools ! 
\Researchers have discovered that chocolate produces some of the same reactions in the brain as marijuana . The researchers also discovered other similarities between the two but can't remember what they are . \ " - < PROPMALE > Lauer " 
What is one thing that you find mind boggling ? 
Just now turned on my cell today lol ..... and it was goin crazy with txt msgs . 
Feels like gunnin down some scrubs in Call of Duty right about now . 
I really need to cut down on energy drinks ... lol 
Done for the day !! Hopefully we'll get enough snow to cancel classes tomorrow , but I doubt that's gonna happen . 
Good luck Ship T&F ! 
