Praying for those that need it and those who don't deserve it . 

I've put the group on private to protect the members from harrassment . 
Okay , the group is gone . No , my mindset hasn't changed , but I had to do this to ensure the protection of members and certain organizations that might be harmed because of it being made . I want to hear nothing else about it . 
waiting to go to work at 3 . 
I got a < PROPFEMALE > ticket 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT -- SHUT THE FUCK UP 
Can't wait for Homecoming . Mil-Ball is better though :D 
Finally cleaned out all the invites to groups and such that I've received since I got my facebook . 254 . Great number . STOP SENDING ME INVITES TO FARMVILLE I REFUSE TO PLAY IT 
back from drill comp :D 
I have pictures from nationals that I'm going to share with the drill teams on Monday 
..... I miss marching band . 
that lasted long . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of you 
Mass Effect .... Mass Effect 2 .... Let me have your babies , Shepard . 
Should I get Neverwinter Nights 2 ? 
STOP HITTING ME WITH PILLOWS D: 
For the love of God , entertain me please . 
Rorschach's Journal , 1/21/2010 : Strange bites appear on foot . Possibly caused by small insect . Possibly homosexuals . Must investigate further . 
6870928-text me . 
How cool is this ? ??????? ?????? ????????????? ?? Look closely . 
I'm so bored , someone entertain me . wesgizmo365 is my screenname on AIM 
Just RickRoll'd myself . > < 
I dunno , < PROPMALE > , how's your anus ? 
Go look at all the comments on my newest picture . And stop sending me anything to do with Farmville , I refuse to play it . 
I just farted . Smells horrible . Must remember to refrain from doing this in my computer chair in the future . 
wowowowowow 
work 4-8 
Hmmm , Oblivion . 
It's-a me , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Hokai , Thursday is planned . Going to the Crab Trap , all my seats are filled up in my truck , but I don't know what we're going to do there so everyone needs to bring entertainment . 
Had a great day at the beach :D 
Text me over AIM or something . 
Going to my sisters house tonight , beach in the morning , work at 4-11 . Yeah I'm dead . 
I have 999 favorites on Youtube . You must all recommend me a video that I haven't seen yet , and it must be hilarious . Only the best will be favorited and become my 1,000 th . Step up to the challenge . 
I want the Counter Strike Beta so bad :( 
I am online via stealing my cousin's neighbor's interwebz . 
Crab Trap at Noon , Seniors only ! :D 
GOT MY HAZWOPER CERTIFICATION ! 
Ninja Gaiden 2 is harder than < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPMALE > . 
I'm 18 :) ( at 10:53 am ) 
Thank you all :) 
At Cocoa Beach :D 
The beaches here are gray . Sand , water , atmosphere . 
Don't laugh at my profile pic . I think it's good to have one of me laughing . 
12 hours a day , 7 days a week . Don't text or call me between 6am-6pm , unless you want to talk for 30 minutes at around noon , during lunch break . 
My internal clock doesn't let me sleep past 9:30 . Crazy . 
Attention faggots of Facebook . I don't know who I lent my Starcraft CD to , but I need it back so I can get some practice in before I get Starcraft 2 . Massage me ( I mean message ... or do I ? ) if you've got it . 
Shipping takes so long . I hate FedEx . 
Should be one more day before I get my super secret package from FedEx . 
Monday for sure is when I'll get it . 
I just pooped and ended it by wiping my butt . Then I washed my hands . Now I'm posting my story on Facebook for the world to know . 
JUST GOT MY SUPER SECRET PACKAGE IN THE MAIL . Want to know what it is ? 
He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away . ~ Raymond Hull 
So , I just got done reading Wolverine : Old Man < PROPFIRST > . HOLY SHIT . My mouth was literally hanging open at the end . 
Funeral , then nothing . Easy on the texting today guys . 
Don't drink the water ... They put something in it to make you forget . I don't even remember how I got here ... * Welcome ! Welcome to City 17 . You've chosen , or been chosen .... * 
Meeting 8am-5pm ;-; 
Completely wiped my hard drive and reinstalled Windows . With only 25 gigs of memory left , and me being lazy/clingy , this was the only way to do it . A fresh start :) 
Wreckin ' pussies . 
Playing Prototype B ) 
Beat Prototype . 
42 people online ... I wasn't aware that I had 42 friends . 
I need a woman . Message me if you want to touch my wiener . 
Okay , I've been through Google Chrome . Minimalistic , you can't add shit onto it and bog everything down with a huge top bar * cough FIREFOX cough * , but it kept crashing on chatroulette and omegle . I need something else . I refuse to use Safari , as it's < PROPMALE > BS , so should I try Opera or go back to Chrome ? 
I decided to stick with Firefox for a while until I get bored of the Captain < PROPFEMALE > theme . 
I did this thing with the to do and so far it has done the whatever . 
I don't make the rules dude . I just coast through life like a bear riding a unicycle . 
Hey , anybody know who 512-828-9915 is ? Apparently this girl is going to cut me up and then wrap me in a tortilla ... I'm confused , but flattered that someone would like me in their dinner . 
Work at 4 , < PROPFEMALE > now . 
Home from work , going to scrounge around for some food that I don't have to fire up the oven or the stove in order to eat and then I'll either play < PROPFEMALE > , stare at my pipe order form , or burn my eyes out staring at facebook . 
MY FUCKING PIPE IS HERE 
< PROPFIRST > Hoskinson just wrote me a love song . Cool . 
WHY IS THERE NEVER ANYTHING TO EAT AT MY HOUSE ?! 
Someone switched out my left and right speaker . Now I'm mindfucked every time I try to turn the volume up or down . 
Hey , anybody wanna play dodgeball with me and my coworkers on Sunday at 6:30 pm at the west gate ? I can fit 4 people in my truck , first to message me can get a ride with me . Also , if I have to pick you up , you'll have to pay an appropriate amount of gas money , but if you meet me at my house , the ride is free . 
Working on my < PROPFEMALE>'s computer . She's bringing me cookies ! :D 
EUREKA ! I HAVE FOUND PUDDING ! 
I want to go to homecoming . I need a date . 
So I guess I play Half Life 2 way too much . I just knew there would be a headcrab around a corner without hearing it . Guess what was just around the corner ? 
Am I that boring of a person that I dream about having to be signed off Base ? The fuck is this ? 
Work in the morning . Sleep ? Nope ! Halo Reach . 
I feel myself regaining my virginity as World of Warcraft wraps me in it's cold , loving embrace . 
I need to stay away from Ebay before it steals all my dawerz . 
Off work , going to Taco < PROPFEMALE > to pick up some food and smoking some of Boswell's Best on the way . 
Well , it's 2:24 in the fucking morning and I can't sleep . Perfect . 
My estate pipe came in the mail . It needs to be cleaned and have the shit reamed out of it . I'll either restore it myself or send it in somewhere to have it professionally restored , as I don't have any high proof alcohol to clean with . 
“Nowhere in the world will such a brotherly feeling of confidence be \ 
experienced as amongst those who sit together smoking their pipes . ”\ 
\ 
- The Results and Merits of Tobacco , 1844 , Doctor Barnstein 
Procrastinating packing ... I don't know if I should take my bed apart first or gather up books and clothes ... HALP ! 
Got my clothes packed , Work at 2-close . Then hanging out with < PROPMALE > Poole for a bit . 
WE HAVE INTERNET ! 
Getting back into CSS :) 
srt6iydtufy'uo[g[prehtjtfvybdfygkvhbkjlk\ 
Discuss . 
I will not bow , I will not break\ 
I will shut the world away\ 
I will not fall , I will not fade\ 
I will take your breath away 
Drinking and listening to Cascada . I think my neighbors are having sex . Today is a good day . 
I would like to apologize for my behavior tonight . I'm not sure who all I called , texted , or screamed at , but 4 or 5 hours ago I was drinking , and I am a lightweight . I want to say that I'm sorry < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , I'm sure you were with me at some point , and I'm sure that I was being unruly towards both of you . The Oreos are gone . You didn't eat a damn cupcake , so fuck you . 
House to myself for 2 hours .... Midnight rendezvous , anyone ? 
I think my neighbors heard me screaming while playing Left 4 Dead 2 . Now they know what it feels like . 
Bought some Swisher Sweets from the gas station to try and confirm my suspicions about gas station cigars . After three puffs off one of these shitty-smelling abominations , I threw the pack away . All of my suspicions confirmed , I'm going to stick to the expensive stuff . 
Anybody know a good site to see how much my baseball cards are worth ? I can't seem to find one that doesn't make me pay for their services . 
I had a lot of fun last night . Want to kill Captain Cockblock , but such is life . 
Waiting on eBay items to end is the worst torture imaginable . 
The first episode of the Walking Dead has been leaked . Can't wait until tomorrow to see it , soooooo I'm going to watch it now . 
Just got back from the < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show at Uptown Station . I had a blast :) Also , < PROPFEMALE > farted . That is all . 
Zoning out to accordion music . What happened to my testicles ? 
Fable 3 ? I know I can't afford you , but I got you anyways . Shame you aren't out on PC yet , but I just couldn't wait . 
I'm on time while everyone else is over an hour late . How am I an asshole for leaving ? 
Totally talking to Twitch's mom ( my second mom ) on Facebook xD 
What to do , what to do . Got my morphsuit , maybe I'll go out ? 
Quit changing on me , Facebook . 
Fable 1 , you are my savior . 
My subwoofer is so loud , it unplugged my alarm clock . That's with it turned all the way down . I love you , subwoofer . 
Who did I have plans with tomorrow after work ? 
I'm so damn proud . I would like to take a moment and thank Cj Ingles for his generous donations . \ 
Case- NVidia Cooler Master\ 
Motherboard- MSI G41M-P33\ 
CPU- Pentium Dual Core E5400 @2 . 70GHz , soon to be overclocked\ 
RAM- 2g 1600MHz , soon to be 4g on next paycheck\ 
GPU- NVidia Zotac GeForce 9800GT overclocked ( Core 700MHz , Shader 1750MHz , Memory 800MHz)\ 
DirectX 11 . \ 
PSU- Corsair 650W\ 
WLAN- ASUS PCI_G31 54MBs 
I'm going to the Rave to see Jackass at 10:30 
Trapped in bed . Window doesn't keep any heat in . My bed is right next to my window . Life sucks . 
Drinking pineapple juice from my Lord of the Rings goblet as I wait for Oblivion to finish installing . Can't wait to pump it up to < PROPMALE > graphics . 
I am addicted to Mass Effect . Feels good , man . 
Damn it all to Hell , all I want is a bowl of rice and I can't even have that ! This is what I get for buying cheap , shitty rice . For some reason , soaking RICE in BOILING WATER does not cook it into a soft , bland bowl of energy , rather , it turns it into a brick on the bottom of my rice cooker with foamy water soup on top . Damn you , Rice . Damn you . 
If there's one thing I miss about having a laptop , it's having a touch pad for when I'm too lazy to reach over for the mouse ... I think that statement should be the main reason I kill myself . 
Suddenly depressed . What happened ? 
I start walkin ' your way , you start walkin ' mine , we meet in the middle , ' neath that old < PROPFEMALE > pine .... I have nothing better to do at almost 2 in the morning but type lyrics to country songs ... SOMEBODY HELP ME OR SHOOT ME ! 
I don't know which version I like better ... \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvVr2uks0C8&feature=related\ 
or \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFPfAZU671s 
\Someone can walk into your life and it is not until after they walk out that you realize that they were even there . \ " - Anonymous . " 
Cleaning my room . This is what paying rent does to you . 
What is UP with all these random flashes of depression ? 
Men are better than women at everything . Reasoning for this comes from the fact that women lack a penis , therefore they are off balance both mentally and physically . As we all know , equilibrium is important to balance while walking ; why trust a woman who can't walk straight with heavy machinery , such as motor vehicles ? Case closed . 
Just got back from < PROPMALE > Potter 7-1 . Now I just have to wait another year or so until 7-2 . 
Hello , Black Ops . It's been a while since we last met . Two days , to be precise . I do believe I'm going to play you like the game you are . 
Quote of the night from camping : Twitch- * while taking a test bite of his steak * \ ... The sand adds a nice texture to the meat . \"" 
Just now going to bed ... Might not make it to PT in the morning :/ 
reinstalling WoW . /wrists 
Where the FUCK is my copy of Devil May Cry 3 ? One of you has it and I'm ready to kill you . 
What the FUUUUUCK why isn't WoW done patching yet ? It took like 10 minutes to download 4 gigs on my laptop , why the hell is it taking 16 hours and counting on my desktop ?! 
So I've decided that the Metal Gear series is retarded . I've only played the beginning of 3 and I had to turn it off out of disgust . My reasoning for not liking the other two without having played them ? If the intro to one is so corny that I'm actually blushing , then having to sit through radio conversations 10 fucking hours long while being told what a soldier is supposed to be , 
3 weeks and counting 
What the fuck ? Now I actually LIKE Ogrimmar ? Play that thang , Deathwing ! 
Playing WoW in my underwear . I'm bringing sexy back . 
I hate how commercials and ads always play at the highest level of volume possible , instead of at a bearable medium . 
Bowling :) 
Change your profile picture to any cartoon character from your childhood . What's the goal ? To not see a single human face on Facebook until Monday , December 6th . But rather , an invasion of childhood memories to take a stand against child abuse 
Medal of Honor Pacific Assault 
Cataclysm :) 
Yeahhhhh , servers are flooded . And here I was thinking I could play my game . FUCK YOU BLIZZARD . 
I love bitches with racing stripes . 
What's up with all of you fuckers having birthdays ? HAPPY BIRTHDAY FOREVER . GOD . 
Facebook , I am disappointed in you . Where are all my pokes , wall posts , messages , and new friend requests ? Words of an addict . 
I bet none of you other butthurt faggots have a spaceheater under your desk , burning your leg hair off . Feels good . 
YOU ARE NOW BLINKING MANUALLY . 
Ah , DMV . I hate you so . 
Ask a guy who just beat Mass Effect for the first time anything . 
QUIT IT . Quit inviting me to farmville , cityvillle , ballsackville , I DON'T CARE . QUIT IT . 
Tron ? It was alright . The soundtrack ? My ears came . Thank you , Daft Punk . 
Ow fuck my chest :( 
I'm okay . No heart or lung problems :) 
Hanging out with my brother :) 
Last night can't have gone much worse , even with the good points in there . This morning wasn't so grand either . Here's hoping for a better day . 
Christmas shopping is extremely stressful . Every time I think I'm done , I find another friend that I haven't gotten anything for . I DON'T HAVE THE MONEY ! D: 
4 dudes playing WoW in my room , including me . Needs moar estrogen . 
Looking at my online friends .... Could talk to any of you and I find myself drawn to my book . I think I might subconsciously hate you all . 
After my self pep-talk in the bathroom mirror today at work , I had a really good day . So good that I came home and cleaned the entire apartment . I do believe that this mood will < PROPFEMALE > on for the next couple of days , so if you need a good mood to lighten your bad one , hit me up . 
< PROPFIRST > Jones Is all pissed off at me because I have a wolf mount and he doesn't . 
I should be in bed ... I have to be up at 8 :/ 
Passion of the Christ : Worst . Zombie . Movie . EVER . 
Dio keeps meowing . So I threw a jacket on him . He hasn't made a sound in 10 minutes . I think he might have gone to sleep . 
Serious < PROPFIRST > in HD . Hellooooo my childhood ! 
Somebody should come over and keep me company . My roommate seems to have fallen off the face of the Earth . 
Indeed , I am still awake . I'm thinking I'm going to play through Mass Effect 1 again as a biotic/tech ( Can't remember the name , Vanguard , maybe ? ) So that I can rape ass in ME2 . \ 
Also , I rule . 
Dammit Mass Effect , it's almost 7 o'clock again , and I need to sleep sometime ! > : I 
Disabling plugins and javascript seems to have been the best decision I've made all night . 
Uploading some new photos soon . 
I think I should go for the 1950s man look . 
can't find my oblivion disk . Anybody got a spare ? 
The right side of my face just got strangely warm . It's not uncomfortable , just odd . 
Ocarina of Time is the only game I can play time and again and never get tired of it . 
Got a used ipod that my bro found . Does it work ? Let's find out . 
Halftime show sucked < PROPMALE > balls . 
Re-addicted to Champions Online @_@ WoW can suck it . 
Okay , so Kingdom Hearts .... I'm running around Traverse Town trying to find Goofy and < PROPFIRST > , but all that happens is I'm fighting a shitton of black things . Maybe by the time I'm level 60 I'll figure it out . 
I'm holding this netbook like a gameboy and it's freaking me out because I can work it like this . 
THERE'S SHIT EEEEEEEVERYWHERE 
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT MINECRAFTTTTTT 
I'm stuck in a cave , it's night . I've been attacked by a horde of creepers and zombies . My heart is barely beating . All I have is an iron sword , a mining pick , and my wits . My only thought is survival . 
