Here's my love , take it . Here's my soul , use it . Here's my heart , don't break it . Here's my hand , hold it and together we will make it forever ... 

the night is young , goin out to have a good time !! 
fall in love or fall in hate . get inspired or be depressed . ace a test or flink a class . make babies or make < PROPMALE > . speak the truth or lie and cheat . dance on a table or sit in the corner . life is divine chaos . embrace it . forgive yourself . breathe . and enj 
be strong now because things will get better , it might be < PROPFEMALE > now but it cant rain forever ... 
it's true that we dont know what we've got until we lose it . but it's also thrue that we dont know what we've been missing until it arrives ... 
it's true that we dont know what we've got until we lose it . but it's also true that we dont know what we've been missing until it arrives ... 
Laugh your heart out , Dance in the rain , < PROPFEMALE > the moment , ignore the pain , Live , Laugh , Love . Forgive & Forget , life is to short to be living with regrets .... 
Being happy doesnt mean everything is perfect . It means you have decided to look beyond the imperfections . 
Cinderelle walked on broken glass , Sleeping Beauty let a life time pass , < PROPFEMALE > fell in love with a beast , < PROPFEMALE > chose a poor man , < PROPFIRST > spent her life on land . we come to love not by finding a perfect person , but by learning to see an imperfect person p 
You never know how strong you are ... until being strong is the only choice you have left . 
To get somewhere you have never been , you have to do something you have never done ... 
Everything is ok in the end . if its not ok , then it's not the end ... 
The truth is , you don\t know what is going to happen tomorrow . Life is a crazy ride & nothing is guaranteed ... " 
Love all of your friends everyday . You never know what tomorrow brings . Smile at strangers . Laugh at some bad jokes , and always tell the ones you love that you love them ... 
It's not who you are that holds you back , It's who you think you're not ... 
Dreams can take you .... to the corners of your smiles , to the highest of your hopes , to the windows of opportunities , and to the most special places your heart has ever known ... 
had an amazing time at the Lil ' < PROPMALE > concert last night !!! 
I believe evertyhing happens for a reason . People change so you can learn to let go . Things go wrong , so that you appreciate them when they're right . You believe lies , so you eventually learn to trust no on but yourself , and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together ... 
I keep it real and thats a promise . I may be whatever you call me , but I'm honest . When i walk by , you stop and stare . Well , keep looking because i don't care . i have my own life and style , not trying to please you or smile . When it comes to competition , you're out . So , shut your hatin ' self and keep me out of your mouth ... 
Sometimes people put up walls not to keep others out , but to see who cares enough to break them down ... 
I feel so much better now that you're gone forever I tell myself that I don't miss you at all , I'm not lying , denying that I feel so much better now that you're gone forever ... 
Sometimes you need to run away , just to see who will come after you ... 
The resurrection gives my life meaning , direction , an the opportunity to start over no matter what my circumstances ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is awesome ! :) 
For a second I wish the tide would swallow every inch of this city as you gasp for air tonight I'd scream this song right in your face if you were here I swear I won't miss a beat cause I never have before ... 
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets . So , love the people who treat your right , forgive the ones who don't and believe that everything happens for a reason . If you get a < PROPMALE > , take it . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said it would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it ... 
I don't know why we all < PROPFEMALE > on to something we know we're better off letting go . It's like we're scared to lose what we really don't have . Some of us say we'd rather have something than nothing at all , but the truth is ... to have something halfway is harder than having nothing ay all ..... 
is signing off and going to TN !! 
Every love gone wrong is closer to your one true love ... 
Live for the nights you wont remember , with the friends you'll never forget ... 
I would rather have a few days of wonderful than a lifetime of nothing special ... 
IF ANYONE WANTS TO LOSE AT PICTIONARY GIVE ME A CALL OR SHOOT ME A TEXT , < PROPMALE > AND I WILL GLADLY COME WHIP SOME ASS ! 
God forgive the hands that laid you down they never knew how much a broken heart can break the sound and change the season now the leaves are falling faster , happily ever afteryou gave me hope through your endeavorsand now you will live forever ... 
I wish I was your blanket , I wish I was your bed , I wish I was the pillow underneth your head , I wanna be around you , I wanna hold you tight & be the lucky person who kisses you goodnight ... 
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams ... 
Yesterday is history . Tomorrw is a mystery . Today is a gift . That's why it's called the present ... 
I'm scared because .. I don't want anyone else to have your heart . I don't want anyone else to kiss your lips . I don't wanna anyone else to be in your arms . I don't want anyone else to be the one you love .. I'm scared because I don't want anyone to take my place ... 
I'd rather have bad times with you , t < PROPFEMALE > good times with someone else . I'd rather be beside you in a storm , < PROPFEMALE > safe and warm by myself . I'd ratherhave hard times together , t < PROPFEMALE > to have it easy apart . Remember I'd always love you baby , You are the one who holds my heart ... 
Gratefulness is the key to a happy life that we hold in our hands , because if we are not grateful , then no matter how much we have we will not be happy , because we will always want to have something else or something more ... 
I love you so deeply . I love you so much . I love the sound of your voice and the way we touch . I love your warm smile and your kind thoughtful way , the joy that you bring to my life everyday . I love you today as I have from the start , and I'll love you forever with all of my heart ... 
Every story has an end , but in life every end is just a new begining ... 
As we grow up , we learn that even the one person that wasn't supposed to ever let us down , probably will . You'll have your heart broken and you'll break others ' hearts . You'll fight with your best friend or maybe even fall in love with them , and you'll cry because time is flying by . So take too many pictures , laugh too much , forgive freely , and love like you've never been hurt .... 
Life comes with no guarantees , no time outs , no second chances . You just have to live life to the fullest , tell someone what they mean to you , speak out , dance in the pouring rain , hold someone's hand , and smile until your face hurts . Don't be afraid to take chances or fall in love and most of all , live in the moment because every second you spend angry or upset is a second of happiness you can never get back ... 
Live life fully while you're here . Experience everything . Take care of yourself and your friends . Have fun , be crazy , be weird . Go out and screw up ! You're going to anyway , so you might as well enjoy the process . Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes ; find the cause of your problem and eliminate it . Don't try to be perfect . Just be an excellent example of being human ... 
You have to walk carefully in the beginning of love , the running across fields into your lover's arms can only come later when you're sure they won't laugh if you trip ... 
We were given two hands to hold . Two legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else , for us to find ... 
Brown chicken Brown cow ... 
There's nothing left to say . Don't waste another day . Its just you and me tonight , everything will be okay . If its alright with you , then its alright with me . Baby lets take this time , lets make new memories ... 
finally has a working car !! 
Jesus is the reason for the season , but < PROPFEMALE > gets all the ladies ... 
Like a sprained ankle boy I aint nothing to play with started off local but thanks to all the haters I know G4 pilots on a first name basis ... 
surgery tomorrow morning , wish me luck : s 
hit a semi and totaled my car .. 
is getting pretty sore .. : ( 
is really sore today ... 
wishing this pain would start to go away : ( 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > 
SUCK IT !!!!!! 
Our Favre-ther who < PROPMALE > in Minnesota hallowed be thy name . Thy bowl will come , it will be won , In Miami as its in the Dome . Give us this Sunday , Our weekly win . Give us touchdown passes , but dont let others pass against us . Lead us not into frustration , but deliver us to the Super Bowl . For thine is the MVP , the best of the NFC , and the < PROPFEMALE > of the Purple People Eaters now & forever , Amen . LETS GO VIKES !!!! 
You make me smile like a sun , Fall outta bed , sing like a bird , dizzy in my head , spin like a record , crazy on a Sunday night ; you make me dance like fool , forget how to breathe , shine like gold , buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > , just the thought of you can drive me wild . Oh , you make me smile 
did anybody else know that there is an owl on the 1 dollar < PROPMALE > ?! 
hopefully getting a new car today !! 
didnt get a car : ( 
is going to ride snowmobile to clear my head ... 
is getting me a new ride on monday ! 
is getting my car tomorrow !! 
I love her 
wants to get some new ink 
thank you everybody ! : ) 
Thank you again everybody for the birthday wishs !! : D 
getting new tattoos at 3 then gonna enjoy this amazingly beautiful weather with my baby : ) 
got my new tats yesterday , they are kinda tender today : s 
is gonna go swimming at my place of employment today : ) since its so crappy outside 
goin to the good old waterpark with the bro and his friend on this \beautiful\ " friday :) " 
is gonna be in the dunk tank at pillager fair noon 
When was the last time you did something for the first time ? 
is having a bon fire , feel free to stop over if you are bored or dont have anything else to do !! 
its gonna be one of those days ... 
lost some < PROPFIRST > when i got my new phone , hit me up in a message with your number please :) 
< PROPFEMALE > buffet I'm about an hour ! 
good morning facebook ! 
You tell me that you need me , then you go and cut me down , but wait , you tell me that you're sorry , didn't think I'd turn around and say that it's too late to apologize .. 
what would you wish for if you had 1 < PROPMALE > ? 
having a fire tonight if the rain holds off and everybody is welcome to come :) 
what's the saying ? where's thunder there's lightning and they say that it never strikes twice in the same place then how the fuck have I been hit 6 in 3 different places of 4 seperate occasions ? 
I'm feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine , I'm loving cloud nine , my head's in the sky . 
who's ready for school tomorrow ?! 
Trust takes years to build , seconds to break , and forever to repair . If its lost it's not easily found and if it is found its never the same again . 
If its not too much to ask , could all of you stay in your own dreams tonight ? It got a little crowded last night with you all wandering around in mine ! ;) 
I don't get mad . I get even so don't forget it .. 
Killer B is officially one of the boys ! 
Pink or Blue ? 
Never under estimate me , because no one knows what I'm capable of doing ! 
they say beauty fades , but i don't see how it can . cause true beauty is on the inside . 
if you stand for nothing you fall for anything , but if you don't allow yourself to fall sometimes how do you know exactly what you are standing for ? 
Whats done is done , and you can't undo it , so make it the past , and go forward . 
The power within you is greater than the problem in front of you . 
the past is just stepping stones to the future , don't regret , live and change . 
when life gives YOU lemons you can make lemonade all you want , but when life gives ME lemons Im going to make grape juice and you'll wonder how i did it !! 
goodnight and don't let the bedbugs bite . but if you have bedbugs you should probably get a new mattress . seriously . just sayin 
if you could be a lollipop what flavor would you be and Why ? 
the truth will always come out in the end ... so always tell it or someone will tell it for you !! 
you know it is going to be a bad day when you watch the sun come up over the curb . 
Life is too short to be caught up in other peoples drama so share your life with those that really care for you ... not the fake people who don't . 
life without music is like life without air ... you cant live without either one 
have an awesome day today everybody !! :D 
Perfection creates ones insecurities , imperfection creates ones character .. 
Progress is impossible without change , and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything ... 
Do not let the past hinder you from moving forward today .. 
And when I'm gone , just < PROPFEMALE > on , don't mourn rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice just know that I'm looking down on you smiling and I didn't feel a thing , so baby don't feel my pain just smile back .. 
success is having the courage , determination , and the will . Failure is making excuses why you didn't succeed and blaming others around you because you didn't .. 
come swimming at my work tonight for free for the first 6 people :) if you come , say you're here for < PROPMALE > haha 
getting some tats before class :) 
just dropped skittles in the toilet and flushed ... it was like a 10 second Nascar race haha 
is off to search for < PROPFIRST > Kruger . 
Go through life and do what is best for you and yours . Just remember to never make anyone a priority when to them , you are only an option . 
WARNING ! This person has gone to sleep and their status bar has been hijacked by the monster under the bed . 
teachers can have substitutes , why can't students have substitutes ? 
life is not like a book , a movie or a show , it just happens . No one can tell you what will happen in you life , only you can decide what will happen . 
Some people shouldn't judge others until they have looked at their own life's and the mess they have made . 
bon fire at my house tonight , everybody is welcome 
oh and if you need directions , hit me up with text or give me a call 
getting the tats finished in about an hour ! 
This is me , this who I am . Don't like it ? There's the door ! 
fire at my house , come on out 
The best way to have self-confidence is to be comfortable with who you are and dare to show it off ! 
Life <3 
There are different kinds of crazy , you know . Would you care to sample my broad selection ? 
Family Guy on hulu ... nuff said . 
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush . 
who wants to go see paranormal activity 2 when it comes out ? 
SNOW ... nuff said . 
1st\ 
person to like this , you will be my profile pic for a week . The 2nd \ 
person to like this , your last name will be my last name for a week . The \ 
3rd person can dare me to do one thing [ within reason or i might not do \ 
it ] . 4th person I'll marry ... for a week .... Put this on your status if \ 
... you dare . :) 
anybody wanna go to lunch today ? 
who wants to come see me at work tonight ? :) 
you only make a once in a life time friend ... once in a life time 
UGLY BITCHES !! 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste as your status if you are a Veteran , know a Veteran , Love a Veteran 
off to court . 
good night of bowling :) 
awesome night ..... not 
how can you physically stand behind your friend as he or she physically stands behind you ? 
fire tonight ? 
Fire on the Rocks ' 11 
nothin like a little < PROPFEMALE > of the dead to help put me to sleep 
nothin like an autopsy before breakfast 
what are you thankful for ? 
end of my Thanksgiving = changing a flat tire in 11 degree weather ... 
Never regret anything you do , because at one point in your life , it was what you wanted more then anything else 
is ready to ride some sled !! 
first ride of the year , I'll give it a thumbs up :) 
<3 my new kicks :) 
everybody go to discovery channel , its about the tornado that went through Wadena 
more snow please :) 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
what do tigers dream of when they take a litle tiger snooze ? 
who can jump higher than a mountain ? 
trying to figure out what my next tattoo should say . Momma's Boy or In Mom I Trust\ 
Text 132701 to the number 22333 or 132702 for Momma's Boy ... totally free :) thanks 
If your mom is your hero , your bestfriend , or just the best mom ever ; if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven- put this as your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom , and that you love her dearly . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one mom :) 
Remember this Christmas , when you're eating your dinner , smiling and laughing , that in another house somewhere , there's an empty chair where a Hero should be sitting . They gave up their life so that you can sit with your family . So light a candle for the Heroes that did not make it home ... Repost this to show your respect !! 
the roof of the metrodome collapsed !! 
needs to get out of here .. 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one .. to get better . I know 99% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 1% that do . In honor of someone who has died , is still fighting , or has survived cancer , copy this to your status 
Titanic 
SNOW !! :D 
AWD FTW :) 
who wants to go riding tomorrow ? :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas FB ! 
when you see my face I hope it gives you hell .. 
does anybody wanna go ride sled today ? 
Never think of the past it brings tears ... If you think of the future it brings fears ... So , live life in the present and drink chilled beers ! 
even the best fall down sometimes 
1 . Go to Google maps . 2 . Go to 35 Sampsonia Way , Pittsburgh Pennsylvania . 3 . Click street view . 4 . Turn the view around . 
Do any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
today is a good day for change 
saved a little girls life today 
is off to have a threesome . Me , my blanket and my pillow .. haha .. Good night 
sometimes in life , you just need to learn when to suck it up , and when to just punch someone in the face :) 
I speak my mind , if that offends some people , well theres nothing i can do about that . But im gonna be honest . Im gonna continue to speak my mind , because thats who i am . 
I apologize , I'm not perfect . Then again , I never claimed to be . I'm REAL , and my guarantee is that you won't find anything better . Take me or leave me , I'm still breathing ... 
hot tub tonight ?..... I think so :) 
who wants to go chill in the hot tub for awhile ? 
you know , sometimes you have to take a risk and go for it . because you never know , everything might work out perfectly in the end 
gotta love double xp weekends :) 
is there anything going on tonight ? 
2 days ! :) 
I'd rather slip and fall in shit than fall in love with you .. 
white castle :) <3 
Ever feel like a stranger in your own life ? 
I am the monster in your head and I thought you'd learn by now , it seems you haven't yet , I am the venom in your skin .. 
it's not what I have been through that defines me , it's how I have gotten through it and what I am because of it . 
today is gonna be a great day ! nothing is gonna bring me down :) 
