So confused !! 

Back to work today !!! Make money !! 
Time to hit the bed for the night * yawn * 
Time to start my work week . 
Relaixin at home 
Gettin ready to catch some ZZZZzzzzzzzs ..... work comes early tomorrow !!! 
Got to spend the whold weekend with < PROPMALE > .... it was great !!! Haven't done that in a long time ... usually one of us is busy !! 
Had a fun day in the sun 
Wow .... really ? My heart is broken ! 
Getting ready to go out tonight !!! Happy Birthday Ms. < PROPFEMALE > :-) 
Had a crazy night last night .... 
anxious to get away this weekend !! 
Why is it that whenever you think you are happy , something or someone comes along and ruins it ? 
Not feeling well today at all 
Soooo Soooooo SOOOOOOO SOOOOOOO BBBBOOOORRREEEDDDD !!!!!!!!!! 
off to work today .... my weekend is over .... so sad !! :-( 
Gettin ready for work ... missin my girls ! 
Just sitting down to eat .... time to chill out for the night ! 
Wow ... what a lazy day today !! 
Damn .... why do my weekends always go by so fast !?!?!?!? I wish I could pause time sometimes !!!! lol 
I finally learned what life is about . Hanging on when your heart has had enough . And giving more when you wanna give up 
Going up to Burlington to spend the day .... < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday dinner and see mom !! 
Had a fun day today ... went by way too fast though ... got to see < PROPFEMALE > too ... I surprised her at work :-) 
Accomplished a lot on my days off , now I need one more day to rest ! 
Damn I have been MIA on here for over a week !! So much to catch up on LOL Uggghhh .... back to work tomorrow !! Then a 3 day weekend next weekend for Gwynne's baby shower ! 
Time to get ready for work ! 
Got home , slipped in my PJs and my man made me dinner ... awww how sweet !! 
Wow ... I haven't been on here for like a month ! 
Thinking I want to go out this weekend ... time for some fun !! 
< PROPFEMALE > had little < PROPFIRST > this morning !!! 7lbs 11oz 19 inches long ! 
Off work , time to relax for a few hours , go to bed and do it all over again !! :-) 
Just browsing online til it's time to get ready for work . 
Won a trip to the Marlboro Ranch in Montana about 3 weeks ago !! Just got the confirmation letter today , < PROPFEMALE > and I are going on Feb 22nd-25th !! All expenses paid and a $1000.00 check !! 
Day 3 of my 5 day weekend ~ Going too fast ! I have deemed today my LAZY day ! 
New year ... new opportunities for success !! 
HHHHEEEELLLOOOOO weekend !!!!! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Less than 2 weeks til < PROPFEMALE > and I leave on our trip !! 
One more work week to go then it is off to vacation at The Marlboro Crazy Mountain Ranch for < PROPFEMALE > and I !!!! Sooooo ready !!! 
Well , it has come and gone ... the experience is something I will never forget !! THANKS MARLBORO !! 
YAY !!! It's my weekend !! Although I am not feeling so well , at least I can relax ! 
< PROPFIRST > Sweat was amazing this weekend .... 2nd year I have seen him live and will return next year ! Now .... looking forward to my BIRTHDAY PARTY !!!! 
Happy Easter everyone ! Enjoy your day ! 
Hey everyone i am up in Burlington today and i have a brand new Ipod Nano 8gb still in the package i am willing to part with it for $120 ... sells for $149.99 in the stores . Call me if you are interested . 
My Mom and I finally stepped \out of the box\ " .. as some of you know we like making flower arrangements and have always wanted our own shop . There is an upscale indoor swap meet opening up in Lynnwood on Sat and we got a booth ! It is on 99 just south of 168th st by the Value Village . Come see us this Sat from 9am-4pm I will add some pictures on here so you can see some of them . We have about 32 ready to go for Sat !! " 
Attention everyone going to my birthday party , how much is everyone able to spend towards a room and how many of you need to stay in a room ?? 
Alright everyone the grand opening of City Marketplace in Lynnwood has been postponed so we will be in Mount < PROPFIRST > at the Skagit County Fairgrounds THIS Sat from 8am-5pm and Sun from 10am-4pm in the \Pavillion Building\ " . If you can't buy anything at least come see us ! There will be different vendors there with antiques and odds and ends . If you haven't seen our work check out my album listed as flower arrangements . " 
Getting ready to head out to our first fair to sale our arrangements . We will be at Skagit County Fairgrounds today from 8-5 and tomorrow from 10-4 come see us !! 
Getting excited for Saturday !!! :-) 
Anyone looking for a T-Mobile My Touch ? Let me know . I have one for $260 . 
Super excited for tonight !!! Birthday party at the Last Supper Club !! Come on out everyone !! 
woo hoo !!! About to head to Seattle for my birthday celebration ! 
Had a blast last night !!! Thanks so much to everyone who came out and celebrated with me ! 
Time for some relaxation !! :-) 
Thanks to everyone who gave me birthday wishes ! I had one of the best birthdays ever !! Love you all !! 
Getting excited to head to Aberdeen this weekend to spend some time with the family ! 
At my Dad's bowling on the Wii .... man i am not too good 
Back home now .... have so much to do today !! 
Had a yummy dinner with Gwynne and baby Brooklyn she has such a personality already ! Thanks again Gwynne ! 
In Lynnwood at the City Marketplace !!! Come see our arrangements ! 
Home now , relaxing .... quiet time by myself 
At home relaxing .... almost my weekend !! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he 
One more day of work then hello weekend ! Very much needed relaxation . 
This is a lot harder then i expected ... i really need my girls right now !! 
Had a great day with < PROPFIRST > , she came all the way up from Covington just to spend the day with me . We went out to lunch , did a little shopping and had some girl talk . I needed that so much , thanks girl ! It was a great day ! 
Where is this rain the NEWS said was coming ? I love it when they are wrong ! Another beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day ! 
Had dinner with a friend ... just got home ... it was nice to enjoy some company !! 
installed Facebook for Windows Phone 
Wow !! I haven't seen rain like this in a long time ! 
3 days down ... 2 more days to go ... then HELLO weekend !! 
No man is worth your tears , and when you find the man who is , he'll never make you cry ! 
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life to be thankful for a good one . 
He who permits himself to tell a lie once , finds it much easier to do it a second and a third time till at length it becomes habitual . 
Is ready for the world and what is has to offer ... I am free of the drama and lies .... time for some fun and adventure . Time to try things I have never tried and go places I have never been . Time to live my life for me and no one else !! 
“Relationships are like glass . Sometimes it is better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together . ” 
Making some yummy dinner ... smells good while it's cooking ... what a day today ... just relaxing and having some me time ! 
HEEELLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOO WEEKEND !!! 
Had a very productive weekend ! Got alot of things done and even slipped in some time to spend with Gwynne and her family . Work week is coming way too fast ! 
Hey everyone , I had to do a master reset on my phone and lost ALL of my contacts !!! If you have my number already please text me with your name in the message so i can save it to my phone . :-) 
Loved isn’t a word . There is no past tense to love . \ 
If you truly love someone , you will always love them . NO MATTER WHAT 
Be careful if you make a women cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man’s ribs . Not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal , under the arm to be protected , and next to the heart to be loved . 
Had a great 4th ... got to see family that I have not seen in a very long time ! 
Going to the Underground Tour in Seattle today ! I have never been and have always wanted to check it out ! Pretty excited ... 
is off to Spokane ! 
Back home now and back to work tomorrow ! 
Good morning sunshine !! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Its my Friday !!! I hope to get to enjoy some sun this weekend ! 
Heeeellllooooo weekend !! :-) Time for some fun in the sun instead of a sweatshop in the office with not so great AC !! 
Awww he is soooo thoughtful !!! I got home tonight and he put a smile on my face without even being here ! I had things waiting for me when I got home ! Love him ! 
Awww relaxation time ... then off to the Bite of Seattle tomorrow ... never been .... sounds like there is a lot of entertainment there as well as food . 
Just went for a nice walk with < PROPMALE > .... feels great to have a supportive man by my side . :-) 
Alright , so my next challenge is to quit smoking ... hope I can do it for good this time ! 
I think i can .. i think i can ... almost done with work ... about to take < PROPFIRST > swimming when i get off . Can't wait to jump in the pool !! 
Ahhh the pool felt great and my little shark was trying to learn to float it was so fun ... needs more practice though . 
Getting ready to head to Seattle ... doing some sightseeing and then to Chinatown for a parade < PROPFIRST > is in . :-) 
Had a nice weekend ... back to work already ??!!! Man time flies ! 
I hope everyone has a great day today . Off to work for me ! 
Man I got sent home early from work today for not having any payments ... this collection thing is no joke ... being a supervisor was much more my thing ! 
Back to work .... where is the sun ? 
All i want to do right now is scream and punch something or someone several times right now !!!!!!! 
Hello to a new day ! :-) 
It's my Friday !!!! Hoping for a good day today ! 
Gettin ready to step out tonight ... this should be fun ! 
Hour 7 of not smoking .... oh man ... < PROPMALE > has some serious < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Smoking my first cigarette in 13 hours ... this is sooooooo hard ! 
If you play frointerville come harvest my pumpkins before they die !! I am out of energy ! 
Vegas is calling my name !! :-) Going at the end of this month ... so excited ... been before , but only 2 days . Going for 4 days this time ! :-) 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking & never question your friendship . This type of friend picks up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it's been , how far away they live & they don’t hold grudges . They understand that life's ... busy ... but , that you'll always love them ...... REPOST this if you're lucky to have at least 1 of these friends .... actually I have about 5 ! 
Wish heaven had a phone so that I could hear your voice again ... I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , & days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories & a picture in a frame . Re-post this ... if you have someone in heaven that you miss !! \ 
\ 
R . I . P Grandma < PROPFEMALE > , Grandpa < PROPFIRST > Grandma < PROPFEMALE > and Great Grandma < PROPMALE > !! I miss you all ! 
It's going to be a hot one today ! 
Going to check out the taste of Edmonds today if my man gets out of bed anytime soon ! ;-) 
I tried alligator on a stick and to my surprise it was yummy ! 
11 more days til Vegas !!! So ready to just get away ! :-) 
9 more days til Vegas !! :-) 
How can you always have people around you , yet you feel so alone ? 
One week from today and I will be in Vegas !! Much needed break ... can't wait ! Thank you my love ! 
Might head to the Seahawks game after work ! 
Having lunch with < PROPFIRST > today !! Yay !!! :-) 
Lunch with < PROPFIRST > was great !! Now headed to < PROPFEMALE>'s to get my hair done ! Pictures to come soon ! 
Almost there ... 4 more days til Vegas ! A getaway with my < PROPFEMALE > and his kids .. so excited !! Also my hair turned out great ! Pics to come tomorrow ... Thanks again < PROPFEMALE > !! You're the best ! 
Made a reservation for parking on Friday for our trip . Now time to clean house !! 
Up and at em !! Getting ready to head to the airport ! Will be catching our flight in a few short hours . 
At the airport ... flight leaves at 7 ! 
On the plane ... getting ready for takeoff . 
We have landed in Vegas ... whoa ! it is HOT !!!!!! 
Vegas has been so much fun ! Seeing a lot more stuff then the first time i went !! :-) 
4 days in Vegas are almost up ... leaving for the airport at 6pm . :-( 
Sittin at the airport waiting to board the plane ... loading up at 8:10 ... then its back to reality ! :-( 
Just landed ... home sweet home . 
Check out the photos from Vegas ! 
Watching the football game at Mariner High School ! Makes me miss being 16 ! 
Good morning everyone ! It's my Friday !!! Hope everyone has a good day ! 
blaaaahhh ..... 
Awwww got off work after a rough day contemplating what to make for dinner and got home and my baby had dinner ready for me !!! What a great ending to a bad day ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! :-) 
Let's not forget what happened on this tragic day 9 years ago . Remember all the innocent people who lost their lives and the people who became heros . I hope that i am never witness to a tradegy like that in my lifetime again . I will never forget 9-11-01 . 
Come on Seahawks !!! Play like you did last week !!! 
Yay !! Girls day Sunday ! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > .. can you make it to Lynnwood on Sunday ? Girls are getting together for lunch ! < PROPFEMALE > is coming down < PROPFIRST > is coming up and Gwynne is coming over ! lol 
Soooo looking forward to tomorrow !!!! 
Heading to dinner at some family members house ... yay for not having to cook !! 
Come on Wednesday !!!!! 
Yay !! I got a Monday thru Friday schedule at work :-) only draw back is I only get one day off this week because of the transition but hey that is 8 more hours on this paycheck then expected so that makes up for it ! 
It is so amazing to get off work at a decent time and have the whole evening to get stuff done ! I feel like I didn't even work today !! :-) 
Just living day to day .... enjoying life to the fullest ! ;-) 
12 inches :-( 
Not feeling well today .... :-( Staying home .... 
My tummy hurts !!!! :-( 
TGIF !!!! Hello weekend in 8 hours :-) 
? If your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he's an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly . ? ? 
BROTHER WEEK . If you have a brother who has made you laugh , knocked you \ 
around , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fall ( or tripped you , once or twice ) , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and most importantly loved you ...... then copy & paste this to your status . Happy Brother's week !! 
What a lazy day today ! 
Out playing bingo with < PROPMALE > and his aunt . Having a blast ! 
Happy halloween everyone !! Go Seahawks !! 
It's Monday already ? :-( 
Anyone looking for some extra cash ? Get listed on daylaborworkers.com and advertise your skill and let people find you & hire you . List on the site in any state 
Sometimes I just feel so lost ..... 
Hey ladies I have a mint condition Dooney & Bourke purse for sale for $150 O.B.O. it has the registration card with it also so you know its real ! Let me know ... 
Happy hump day everyone !! 
True friendship is when two friends can walk in opposite directions , yet remain side by side . 
Such a relaxing day today ! And I got to see my < PROPFEMALE > for a little bit ... :-) 
Had such a great day today !!! Love spending time with the fam :-) 
Oh boy ... 4 am is waaaaay too early to be up !! Another schedule change at work . Now I am on four 10s .... three day weekend every week ! :-) 
Should be in bed by 9 ... but I have to stay up and watch the season finale of BGC !! 
Waiting on my mommy ... we are getting our nails done together :-) 
Awwww ... day 2 of 5 days off :-) I know it is going to fly by ! 
Going to check out University of Phoenix today . 
Started the enrollment process for school , going for my Bachelors Degree in Buisness Management with a concentration on human resources management . The thought of 4 years of school ahead of me is a little scary , but it will be well worth it in the end ! 
Lazy Sunday .... gotta love it !! 
Getting ready to watch the Hawks game .... we have got to win this one !! 
Wow where did this wind come from ???!!! 
Alright ... I am going to give it a try .... play my game :-) \ 
Ok , got a game for everyone ... Inbox me any questions and I wil answer it anonymously in my status ... nothing is out of bounds ! Let the questions begin ! 
Q : Who was your most favorite boss ever ??? \ 
A : Had to be < PROPFEMALE > !!! :-) 
Q : who was your first kiss ? \ 
A : mine was my step brothers friend < PROPMALE > 
Uhhh things are not going in my favor lately ... I will get through it . 
Making changes and striving for a better me ! 
Watching Slumdog Millionaire for the first time ... pretty good movie so far . 
Had a wonderful day having some \me\ " time . :-) " 
Soooo looking forward to tomorrow ! Friends , family , and a good time !! 
The snow is coming down hard in south < PROPMALE > !!! Its so pretty !!! 
Man my house was FREEZING when I got home . Broke down and turned the heat on !! 
I want something chocolate !!! 
You know ... it's not really the snow I am worried about .. it's the ICE !!! Leaving the house at 5:30 AM does not sound fun after it has been below freezing all night . You better beleive if it is that bad out there in the morning I am going back inside and crawling my happy behind back in bed . A days pay is not worth my life driving to work and it isn't me I am worried about it all the other crazy drivers out there ! 
Snow is great when you have the day off , but when you have things to do it really puts a damper on it !! Night Facebook ! 
Snow day for me , attempted to go to work , not happening , back to sleep for me ! If you have to drive today please be careful ! 
Heading to Abderdeen today , had to get an early start before the roads get worse after dark , good thing my brother is driving ! 
Had a great Thanksgiving at Dads house ... amazing food !! 
Home sweet home :-) Amazing ... I got here and the dishes had loaded themselves in the dishwasher and turned itself on and the garbage took itself out too !! No really ... 
Time for some football :-) 
Its my Friday !!! Yay !! :-) 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a CARTOON from your childhood and \ 
invite your friends to do the same until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) . There should \ 
be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a \ 
campaign to stop violence against children . Please spread the word . OUR \ 
... CHILDREN ARE OUR FUTURE . THEY NEED TO BE LOVED ......... NOT HURT ! 
Champagne 
Ok done walking down memory < PROPFIRST > ! :-) 
Looking forward to what 2011 has in store for me :-) 
I think I caught what is going around ... I woke up feeling like I've been ran over by a truck .... twice !!! :-( 
Inbox me a random number and ill post somethin about ya on my wall . 
#77 - We used to be so close and attached at the hip , I really miss those times and your freindship . You are still a friend to me and always will be , I think we just grew seperate ways , but maybe we can find our way back to eachother someday in the near future . I love you and I am so proud of everything you have accomplished lately . :-) 
#444 - You crack me up !! I can be having the worst day ever and you always seem to know what to say to make me laugh . I love that about you ! 
#420 - Well to be honest I really don't know you too well . You were a friend of my brothers for about 10 or so years now and I always enjoyed making fun of your height problem when you were growing up :-) 
#33 - Wow , where do I start ? 16 years we have now been friends !! Pretty amazing if you ask me . You are the friend I know I can always count on . You are always there when I need you and you never judge me . Even if you thought the decision I was making at the time was a wrong one you always stuck by my side and supported me . We have been through so much together and to me u are not just my friend , but my sister as well . 
#33 cont : I love you so much and I apprecite you always standing next to me on our paths in life and never behind or in front of me . You are the type of friend everyone should have one of ! I wish you all the success and happiness in your life because you definetely deserve it ! 
#2000 - You are someone I don't know too well anymore , but i do remember the crazy times hanging out with you and < PROPFEMALE > and all the boys from Oak Harbor ! Fun times ! 
#68 - You are such a great friend to me , I know I can always call you and you are there to listen ..... especially lately !! :-) We have had so much fun in our 8 years of being friends and we of course made some bad choices too , but that is what made it fun ! You are someone I know I can always count on to be there for me and we really need to stick with these once a month girls days cause I MISS YOU !! 
#68 CONT : You are someone I plan on having a lifetime friendship with even when we are using our walkers to get around ! :-) Love ya girl ! 
you're not me , you're never going to be me , and you're never going to be as good as me so what makes you think you can fill my shoes ? 
when people take the time to break up your relationships its cause they are jealous of what you have and they want it but no they cant have it . 
I am BEAUTIFUL because I know my FLAWS\ 
I am LOVER because I am a FIGHTER \ 
I am FEARLESS because I have been AFRAID \ 
I can LAUGH because I have known SADNESS 
Says .. Your Best Friend , Is The Person Who Sees You With The Biggest Smile On Your Face , But They Still Knows Somethings Wrong ! 
just realized that after S M T , the calendar says W T F ? 
why do people put their relationship status as \ its complicated \ " ?? We all know that means ur single but still doing ur ex .. why advertise that ??? " 
A friend will ask whats wrong , a good friend will b standing there loading the shot gun , and a best friend will b standing there saying already taken care of . 
Pouring rain , dark skies and severe thunder and lighting just an hour ago .... now blue skies and bright sunshine ... good ol Washington weather :-) 
Had a fun time at < PROPMALE>'s nephew's basketball game ! Brought me back to my highschool days ! 
My < PROPFEMALE > made me a pretty yummy dinner tonight , it's been me in the kitchen lately so he decided to cook tonight . Thanks babe , you don't know how much I appreciated it ! Love you ! 
Mmmmmm we are cooking fried porkchops , mashed potatoes , gravy and sweet corn .... my mouth is watering ! Meals always seem to taste better when we cook together !! :-) 
Been a rough couple days ... but it will get better ! :-) 
Had a good day today ... things are looking up !! :-) 
If you have a Wonderful Man , who helps balance your whole world .. Who isn't perfect , but is perfect to you ... who works very hard and would do anything for you ... that makes you laugh & drives you crazy .. who is your Best Friend .. who you want to grow old with ... & who you are thankful for every day ... Then post this as your status ...? 
Getting ready for some football !!! :-) Go Hawks !!! 
Looking forward to Christmas and time with family :-) 
Took 4 hours to get to Aberdeen tonight !! Its only supposed to take 2 hours ! But hey I made it safely :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone !! Let's not forget the reason we celebrate this day . Happy Birthday Jesus !! I hope everyone enjoys their time with family and friends . 
Heading home ... just got to the ferry dock in Edmonds ... then its back to Burlington to get my car and then home sweet home . :-) What a wonderful Christmas !! 
Home sweet home ... ahhhh it feels Soooooo good ! 
* sigh * I finally have a feeling things are going to be ok ... 
Lazy ... lazy day !!! Snow on the ground , cuddled up on the couch watching movies all day . 
Going to watch < PROPFIRST > st. Cloud tonight . Looks like a tear jerker ! 
What is everyone doing for new years ? Looking for some ideas .... 
So I am someone who loves shows like the First 48 and forensic files ... but when a murder happens in my apt complex that is way too close to home !! Kinda freaks me out ! 
Just got a pre-lit 6.5 ft tree for next year and paid $9.50 ..... SCORE !!! Gotta love walmart clearance :-) 
To my fellow Cityville players , please send me a zoning permit , I need 4 right now ! 
Fellow Cityville neighbors I need 2 more Zoning Permits 
Heading to Seattle in a little bit to help Mr. and Mrs. Reverend Hampton feed the less fortunate . I think this will be an eye opening experience . Looking forward to it ! 
\The people who laugh at you probably admire you the most . \"" 
every friendship , every relationship , is bound to fall apart when you start keeping things to yourself . Secrets don't destroy things ... but SUSPICION does .. 
I sent everyone on my friends list a < PROPFEMALE > suggestion to my AVON < PROPFEMALE > I made , make sure to check your suggestions and \like\ " me :-) " 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's no fun .. 
So much snow last night ... now it's all melting away and the wind is CRAZY !!! 
2 more days til we thrash the Bears !!!! GOOOOOOOOOOOO SEAHAWKS !!!! 
*** WARNING *** The national weather service has issued a Falling Bear warning for Chicago Sunday starting at 1:00 p.m ( 10:00 A.M PST ) and continuing throughout the afternoon until the end of the fourth quarter . Falling Bears could be heavy at times especially around the Soldier Field area . Heavy accumulation is likely ! * REPOST ALL OVER SEAHAWK NATION ! * 
Goooo Packers !!! Packers win , then we win tomorrow and it's HOME FIELD for us against the Packers , if Atlanta wins and we win tomorrow we play in Atlanta .... please GB Packers .... WIN !!! 
doesn't believe in revenge , but does want front row seats for the < PROPFEMALE > smack-down . 
Today's Forecast : Mostly Grumpy with a 60% < PROPMALE > of Grouchy . High of Mean/Low of Nasty . A Temper Tantrum warning is in effect . Take immediate shelter ! 
80 yr old finds his wife doing a handstand , naked against a wall . Shocked , he asks ' what are you doing ? ' she says '' I know u cant get it up , maybe u can drop it in ! \ " , 2011-01-18 18:06:01 " 
I miss my RPM people !!! Hope everyone is doing well ! Think about you all lots ! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and foll ... ows the instructions 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months or even years apart . They love you .. for who YOU are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are ! 
I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best ! 
Can anyone tell me why is it hard for some to pray ? But so easy to cuss ? Why is it so hard to repost a Godly bulletin but easy to repost the gossip ? Why can people worship a celebrity but not Jesus Christ ? Going to ignore this ? Afraid to be laughed at ? Most of you won't repost this . Jesus said \If you deny me in front of your peers I will deny you in front of my father ! \ " I posted this ... Will you ? " 
Yay ! Girls day on the 8th ! Need it sooooo bad ! 
Anyone giving away puppies or a small fee ? Looking for a small dog 15# or less good with kids ! 
? If your DAD was a hard working MAN , your HERO , helped you no matter how bad you were , or is just the BEST DAD EVER . If you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an ANGEL in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your DAD , and that you LOVE HIM DEARLY . You only have one DAD ? 
Hey if anyone is interested in making some extra money I have just the thing for you ! I invite you to start selling AVON ! You make a guaranteed 40% of whatever you sell with a minimum order submitted of $50 . You get your own website people can order off of and you get a 40% discount on products !!! It is only $10 to start selling , please let me know if you are interested ! 
Had a great day with my family today ! I love my once a week family dinners !! :-) 
Goodnight Facebook ! Busy next couple days ! 
Busy , busy day today then a great day planned tomorrow ! Two of my favorite girls are coming to see me ! :-) Girl time ! 
So much to do and so little time to do it in !! Heading up to Burlington today ... who wants an AVON book ?!?!? :-) 
