AAAHHHHHH SNOW ! -_- 

Made a well packed snow man . Then kicked it and nearly broke something .... Did i mention i was bare footed ? 
Whats on my mind ? IM BORED :( 
Ill see how this Ends , could be interesting . 
Not sure what's up We'll see 
I don't agree with a lot of things but why do i put my self near them eh ? werid how a the human mind works . Doesnt want Drama but will < PROPFEMALE > to it . 
The change i see is more and more people out of jobs and homeless and ! i see us helping other countries when were suffering just as much . I don't give a flying fuck if it’s a 3rd world country . How about they start doing what we did . We built stuff , Made things , Produced money and that sort of shit . Here they just live like the old days and then when some natural quake or some shit happens it’s like . 
Ok so I’m viewing suggestions for friends and this idiot makes a profile called \Stop blaming Obama for what G bush did\ " And i read some of the comments and you Americans never surprise me . First few comments i see are \ " You're racist if you hate Obama\ " and everyone is agrees with this Bullshit . Anyone really stop and read what \ " He’s\ " doing . Yea G bush fucked us over but Obama is picking up right where he did . " 
Bored . I have to get up at 8:30 am to Work on my Car Alarm and i don't feel sleepy . 
GoTopless . Org has a gathering promoting women's rights . They believe women should be allowed to legally be topless in public . ( To bad this was in 2008 but i support this cause ! ) 
How the hell do you add Bulletins to this piece of crap . 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Mata 
To my Vampire Wars friends ! I NEED VOODOO DOLLS ! i will send you as many as i can as long as you send me some please ! 
In response to President Obama's complaint that FOX News doesn't show enough Black and Hispanic people on their network , FOX has announced that they will now Air \ < PROPFEMALE>'s Most Wanted\ " twice a week . " 
Frustrated !!!!!!! 
People are saying Stop getting gas at Arco because of BP . But did you know Arco is American gas ? Why support other country's and helping them get < PROPMALE > . I don't agree with how this oil spill and shit but its american Gas if you hate it that much Move 
To my Vampire War Buudys Im going for Purple Wings and ill Trade Reds for em My good < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > gets my black ones sorry . 
Its a peice of cake to bake a pretty cake . 
I just saw the < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 1 -- Trailer Omfg Talk about Amazing i can't wait to see the Graphics and sound effects . 
<--- Likes Boobs . No Really i do ! :O 
My Vampire War buddys ! I added you to my Clan check it out ! 
ahhhahhhhhahhhhhh hes a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
? ( ? _ ? ? ) RAWR ! 
Confused atm . 
Damn i was 274 lbs and after i left home im 256 ! DAMN ! 
back in Antioch for a week . 
Sooo who the hell says one thing then wants another then Craves Attention soooo much after sending that person away then , ends up hurtting themself till their in the ER . 
booger 
Some bros don't follow the Bro code and them bros need to be hunted down and raped ! 
I guess some people don't follow the Bro code ..... 
Well Spent my 50k g on 4 things ! Travlers mount , My Chopper !, Mats for my Pants and Boots and i have some G left ! 
Act a fool ! 
My God my Wonderful GirlFriend's cat ........ Lets just say id like to Blend him like a Mocha ......... NO < PROPFEMALE > THIS IS MY POT PIE ! 
Needs a little sumin sumin . 
DOOD ! I think i found the next phone im getting ! Samsung Captivate Check it homies Since i hate Apple products so much this is Amazing looking ! 
I know everyone might say this or say something of this . But i Remember and i will always Remember , And to those fighting for us including some of my family be safe and remember , you're all heros . 
When you feel Down it never seems to come up as fast as it went down . 
[ Deathcharger's Reins ] 532 runs and i got this SOB ! 
I am an asshole but that doesn't mean i don't feel bad when i do something assholeish . 
Wow He really wants to talk to you . Lol 
I just dont Feel .... 
I hear the secrets that you keep , when you're talking in your sleep . 
i know isnt it ? 
When i left home about a month ago i was 277 lbs ! i am now 256 . Not bad ! 
YEA BOY ! EATTING A VEENASCHNITZEL ! 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke , 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 are ......... all Marines ..... that gave their lives this week , no media mention . 
So im driving to clear my mind of things , and it starts to rain . Ok thats fine . But when lighting stikes maybe 20 feet from me ..... No it's not ok . 
Being nice gets you no where . 
My halloween im going nekid ! you know what im going to be ? Some kid whos bullied and his clothes stolen . Or nvm ..... i coulda said something else but its a little on the wrong side . 
Young kids These days . I should follow em home and beat the shit out of em . 
I love my GF very much and she says the Damnest things . I can't quote word for word but ! I made coffee and we were out of creamer . So i ask her if the coffee is fine . She says yes but it taste like coffee and made a Ew look :-p . 
I'm a ninja , yo My life is like a videogame I maintain when I'm in the zone One player one life on the mic I'm in the dark Yo , ninja , go 
I can tickle my nose with my < PROPFEMALE > hair ! 
OMFG kamikaze squirrel's .. Driving and i see one jump down from the tree . And its creeping over to the sidewalk . So i slow down and i almost stop , cuz i know this fker is gonna dart out . So i wait there for a coupl of seconds and it turns around and jumps back on the tree . So i said ok . Let off the clutch and im going forward all of a sudden BAM ! it jumps and hits my Tire and then runs back up the tree . omfg wtfbbq ?! 
Why are some people deleting my comments ? Their Clean . If ya don't like me just delete me or tell me ! 
( joke ) Been to the optometrist today - he told me I was color blind . I'm\ 
fuckin ' worried now that some of my buddies could be black . If you are , can\ 
you delete my e-mail address ? 
Woot Prop 19 Rejected ! 
< PROPFEMALE > looks like halloween is canceled next year ! woot ! 
Blah why must people have their pics on invisi ! I can see them anyways just takes more work . 
Hey Homies of my PS3 network ! If you got Resident Evil 5 hit me up ! I made a new name and deleted my old account so i can start over . Got bored killing everything in one blast ! 
Mah new phone rawks !!!!! Samsung captivate . Wayyy better then the weak ass iphone . 
been stalking your mom for like two years str8 . ive been to shy to ask her out on a date . 
SO it snowed right ? well im walking outside and i tell < PROPFEMALE > . Watch out its slippery . Well i told her hold on ill carefully go first . Ended up slipping and how i did it was < PROPFEMALE > funny . The foot that sliped Went all the way in the air my other followed it and i wiggled both feet in the air like a cartoon . I landed on my fat ass first and then my back . Just thinking of it makes me Bust up ! 
Ohh damn we might lose power . Gonna be a Snowstorm ! 
Oh boy ... Not feel well . I'm not ill , Just something from the past is brought back up and the anger . If i was a jedi ..... Yoda would most def , see me being on the darkside . hahaha 
Need to find a way to get my damn comp to see my phone so i can put some vids up . 
< PROPFEMALE > if i stared in a porn . Whod all watch it ! 
happy thanksgiving errrr body ! hopefully yours is a great one ! 
Ok ok soooo . If you're on my phone . You get a picture and a ring tone . If you're not . Then i guess i wont be getting Text from you ! 
Damnnnnn its rainning < PROPFEMALE > hard . 
You may think you're hot and skinny . ZOMG WHERES YOUR BOOBS ?! You sure you're not dood in a Girls outfit ? 
Tis a shame that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has passed away . 
To all my friends ! There is a Website going around . Its a password Stealing website . One of your friends sends you a link to click on and then send you into a webpage saying you have to log in . Well if you look at the address bar . It doesn't have Facebook in it . DON'T FALL FOR IT ! 
Wow one of the cats sleeping . Sounds like its getting it on lol . 
Ok people ..... You changed your Fb pics to Cartoons for ? From what im hearing its for abused children ..... Well wtf you abuse children ? I don't think the abused childrens hotline is going to Fb seeing how many people do it . Ill tell you what . ill start a trend and i bet you all follow it ! AND ! Ill abuse children in the process ! ( jk ) 
Ok ok sooo here's a funny problem about my phone i have . I can't log on msn if i have Wifi on ... like wtf really ? Msn Msger is a Online program so it needs Net . But nooo it wants 3G not wifi crap LOL 
Ok there is a game Called QWOP Try it . Lame but most addicting game .. Tell me how far you get . i want Screen shots as well 
Soooo i can into a guy in a guild named Come Honor Face 
I'm a little pally , short and stout ! This is my Hammer , this is my mount . When i pull to many , hear me shout ! Up goes the bubble and hearth me out . 
IMA CHARGIN MAH LAZORS ! 
Woot making a fire and keeping it burnning . Now thats a skill . i wish i could put that on a Resume 
You know it's super cold when ZOMG the very air you breathe freezes your throat . 
Damn we need to get the gang back ! Mata , < PROPFIRST > , Me , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and go to dennys and chill like we used to . then since were all older hit up a few bars ! 
Fk its so early ! but then again i did fall asleep early 
My Aussie friend tells me im boring . YEY ! 
Ok < PROPFEMALE > my < PROPMALE > goal ..... Get a Mkin Job . I'm gonna so work for Mc donalds or Subway and then atleast move into Auburn . Most exciting thing are Deer ...... yea . Also a MKin ninja squirrel attacking my car ! <--- have to say that prety quick and excting sounding . 
Oh how i love when people are reloading and i pull out my pistol and knife the SOB and blast the next bastard to try and come at me ! 
I THINK IM TURNING JAPANESE ! 
You guys know how to get immunoglobulin ? Sex 2 times a week ! Reading about weird facts is good times ! 
Damn its been snowing all Day and night ! 
Snow didnt melt .... Nor is it stoping . I WANNA BUY EGG ROLLS ! WAHHHHHHHH 
< PROPFEMALE > were gonna play a game . Its called . Send money to < PROPFIRST>'s Paypal so he can Buy a Dodge Viper . < PROPFEMALE > o I need all of my friends to donate only 5$ . YES you herd only 5 bucks . And its pretty cheap isnt it ? And who ever sends the most if youd like to go above 5$ . Ill take you for a ride in it . Sound fun ?! 
< PROPMALE > Jobs has cancer and is taking 2 years off work . Doctors also say he might only have 6 weeks to live . Apple shares plummet following announcement . 
What were the odds of finding someone with the same first and last name thinking it was them , to ask them if they had a brother named the same only to be told they died . then get all shocked and sad and then find out its not the same person ?! 
Caffeine is considered the most commonly used psychoactive drug in the world . Approximately 90% of adults consume it on a daily basis , and research is being done on its health benefits and consequences . 
Rain and snow . Lows 28 to 38 . Snow accumulation 1 to 3 inches lower elevations .... Around a foot higher elevations . Snow level 2000 feet lowering to 1000 feet . South winds 10 to 15 mph . AHHHHHH WTF IM GONNA BE SNOWED IN ! Time to stock up on eggrolls ! 
???????????????????????? \ 
??????????????????????????????? \ 
????????? 
Waking up at 7am to drive to the doctors office . What has the world come to !!!! 
\You must be as blind as < PROPFEMALE > Frank \"" 
Since God created man , and man created the Transformers , the Transformers are like a gift from God , < PROPMALE > ! \ 
\No sir . They are not a gift from God . They are an unholy curse from the beast we call the Desolate One . \ " \ 
Oh , I'm crazy ? Those fuckin ' hobbit movies were boring as hell . All it was , was a bunch of people walking , three movies of people walking to a fucking volcano . 
I don't \LIKE\ " this new enter crap ........ " 
I've never smoked , drank alcohol , or taken drugs . Put this as your status and whoever likes it thinks your lying . 
Soooo i was fliping through Movies on HBO and i see a movie called Jennifers body . Hey pretty porn-o sounding so i read the info . < PROPFEMALE > fox has a demon in her and has to eat flesh . Couple female female make out shots , but not scary . Something i won't be watching again . NOW a movie i need to see is called Teeth aka vagina dentata . 
Ummm its snowing ?! wtf ! 
Here , if you have a milkshake , and I have a milkshake , and I have a straw . There it is , that's a straw , you see ? You watching ?. And my straw reaches acroooooooss the room , and starts to drink your milkshake ... I ... drink ... your ... milkshake ! What are you going to do about it ?! 
I hate how you think you're the shit . You're married young because you had kids with some Asshole you say you love but hes cheatting on you and treats you like shit and you bitch about it all the time . Move out and get Child support you dumb ass ! 
So my phone comes with an application that allows me to speak and when i speak it types what I want its not 100 percent correct but it's a pretty kickass . By the way all the stuff that was typed out was spoken first . 
I think i love you more , then the japanese love tentical porn ! 
GECKO GECKO GECKO GECKO ! 
In Antioch !!!!!!! 
Any one wanna buy a 60 inch rear projected TV . Works and works well . Wanting 200$ obo 
I know its 2 am but i be bored !!!!! Haha 
Back in foresthill ! Now i shall terrorize this town !!!! mahahahahahahah !!!! 
Anyone that went to park middle school remember Mr. Redmond ? 
ROFL wtf weather dood says its gonna snow ?! wtf really ?! 
