Had too much to drink last night , went from buzzed to blackout somehow skipping the steps in between where I usually stop drinking . Time traveled from the bar to a pile of laundry on my friend's floor . Woke up with only one contact lens and took her corgie outside . Brain still in reccovery . 

Somewhere between work , setting up my facebook junk , getting my contact replaced and finishing Bram Stoker's Dracula , I need to look at that new healthcare law that recently took effect . Maybe the first thoughts I have after receiving an injury will stop being about how I can't afford to get hurt . 
Filed my taxes . Yes I procrastinated , but I'm still not convinced the 16th ammendment was ever ratified . Oh well , I'm getting money , so I don't really care at the moment . 
Flogging < PROPFEMALE > , May 6 at the Philmore . I need to see if anyone else wants to go . As much as I like < PROPFEMALE > people , I don't want it to be just me and a bunch of < PROPFEMALE > I don't know . 
Last week I went to the zoo , got ice cream afterward , and then watched Slamin ' Salmon ( hilarious restaurant movie by the guys that did Super Troopers ) . Today was gorgeous , and I took my mother to the < PROPMALE > Botanic Gardens to see everything in bloom . Then randomly tonight , Joy called me and said her friend had extra tickets to the Comedy Works , so I went there and had a blast . Life has been good . 
Gonna ' be the only Asian at Flogging < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... sweet . 
Swung a little more on the Devil's dance floor with the lovely miss Munoz . Sweaty , and breathless by the end , although the $9 beers and my alcohol tollerance prevented me from really being drunk . There was some other poor sod we had to peel off the floor in the mosh pit though . Last I saw him , he was being carried to the ambulance by security ... amateur . 
Took mom to How to Train Your Dragon . She liked it , I liked it , fun movie . Makes me want to fire up < PROPFEMALE > again ... stupid busted graphics card . 
Estes Park ..... here I come . 
Ft . Collins . Roller derby . Interesting trip back to high school . 
Back from Estes Park . I feel awesome . Loved seeing old friends , meeting new people , and all the other stuff which has helped me get to the space I'm in . 
Decided to get my computer up and running again , and took a trip over to Micro Center . Got a 1TB external HD to backup my files before I wipe my computer ( I got some malware that really messed it up ) , a new wireless network card , and a new video card to replace the one that died . My files are backing up right now , and I'm definitely geeking out in excitement . 
Brother still visiting , I'm moving in with Joy soon , trying to help my mom sell stuff for her move , still a little sick , monitering craigslist for a downtown job , need to make a walk cycle for some people in Japan , need to look into teaching English in < PROPFEMALE > . Unfortunately all I really want to do is drink , go to the pool , play video games , or some combination of the three . 
FUCKING SHIT ! Damn you Paraguay ! 
IS IN SPACE , GATHERING POWER ! 
If Spain wins the World Cup , will we get another inquisition ? I missed the first one . 
Yesterday was one of those days where I felt like grabbing the nearest Darwinian failure and scalping him or her with my fingers . Today I was much better . 
I miss the 90's , but maybe I've just been listening to to much of the Wallflowers ... and the Verve ... and Oasis ... and other stuff . 
Haha ! Got ahold of the collector's edition of SC II 
The < PROPMALE > Post says the Red Bull Flugtag is happening on the 28th at Sloan's Lake here in < PROPMALE > . The Red Bull website says nothing about coming to < PROPMALE > . A series of ads that Red Bull ran said they were coming to < PROPMALE > , but didn't say when .... I'm going to try and get the day off anyway , just in case people are hurling weird \flying machines\ " into the lake . " 
Went to Water World and then L&L Hawaiian BBQ after . Happiness . 
Finally saw Inception . Brilliant movie , and I think I figured out the end , but I'll have to see it again to confirm . 
Artist that I didn't have much appreciation for back in her heyday , but have recently been enamored with : < PROPFEMALE > Apple . 
Hangin ' round downtown by myself and I had too much caffeine and I was thinkin ' ' bout myself and then there she was 
Is a combination of beer and carrot sticks considered a healthy snack ? 
I don't think I've ever been this pissed off at a boss I've had . Ever . He really needs to check his petulant attitude at the door . Glad he didn't try to pull me aside , or I probably would have used some choice words and be currently unemployed . 
No shave November makes me look funny . 
Captain < PROPFIRST > was my < PROPFIRST > , but I don't think he's going to call back . 
