It appears Florida went to the Sugar bowl and Cincinnati went to the Forgettabowl . 

The Alpharetta Classic Series 2010 
The plane still has a slope with ? = 30 ° and a box with W = mg = 10 N is placed on it but now it has a coefficient of kinetic friction of ? = 0.5 . What will be the acceleration of the box down the plane ? And who left this damn box on the slide again ? 
is hungry for another summer classic 
is almost ready to throw down ... but not actually throw down ... that wouldn't go as far ... more like I'm ready to throw far ... and accurately ... nevermind ... 
Even though the thoroughbred racing season is over and baseball is has two months to go in the regular season , there is still one contender left for the triple crown . 
Mastering Physics Problem 15.34 Part A What is the longest vertical soda straw you could possibly drink from ? 
is tired of being tired 
just isn't sure what to think about the finale of Harper's Island . 
shot 7 under and had the 2nd most impressive achievement of the day . 
shot 7 under and had just the 2nd most impressive achievement of the round . 
Sure , the early bird may get the worm . But what about that one insomniac bird that stays up until the early hours of the morning and eats all the worms before other 9-5 birds wake up ? I'd say they are the really early bird . 
is searching for greatness . When I find him I'm gonna punch him in the face and get my wallet back . What kind of ego thief goes by \Greatness\ " anyways ? " 
I guess Google Chrome hates Mastering Physics homework more than I do . 
thinks sharks would make awful lifeguards at water parks . 
standing in line at the dmv ? 1 FLAG ! standing in line at whitewater Atlanta ? 3 FLAGS . MORE FLAGS MORE FUN ! 
there is always going to be more power . There is never going to be enough fights for it . 
finds little comfort in inconsistent internet access . 
When all else fails , we don't 
What kind of car would the headless horseman drive ? 
took a three hour nap and now Farve is coming back . I should do this more often . 
Favre G.O.A.T. 
What does < PROPFIRST > Favre do when he first meets some of the Vikings players ? He can't really introduce himself . They already know who he is . 
I knew the three flashing red lights would show up one day , I just didnt think it would be this soon . 
I believe in making the world safe for our children , but not our children's children , because I don't think children should be having sex . 
on Skiles , come visit ! 
No wonder < PROPFIRST > Vick doesn't use twitter , because of ESPN , I know where he has been every 15 minutes all summer . 
I figured it out : < PROPMALE > McDaniels hates his best players . Interesting coaching technique . 
Loves how no one notices reply to all for this particular email includes the hundreds of presidents of every organization on campus . Thanks for filling up my inbox with your technical difficulties . 
maybe Jacketpages isn't such a bad thing 
GO SMURF TURF ! 
Wow Oregon literally was never in the game . Smurf Turf claims another victim . 
Even if UGA knew they only had two feet they would probably still shoot themselves in both of them . 
Maybe the Pittsburgh Pirates have 17 losing seasons in a row because historically pirate groups confined to rivers in landlocked portions of Pennsylvania have never been very successful . 
Designer Snuggies are genius , now my entire cult can look like a herd of zebras . 
< PROPFIRST > Schobel = Beast 
It would rain the day I go for a record low score . Mother Nature is clearly not a fan of awesomeness . 
I thought Tennessee wasn't supposed to be in this game ? 
is planning on building an ark , and I'm selling advance boarding passes now . 
just responded to a lockout in a towel . Something seems a little backwards ... 
Terrible duty morning . But I am going to World of Coke next week if I survive the flood at Six Flags Friday . 
2-0 in intramurals tonight . This status might be longer if my career wasn't overshadowed by a 7-12 record . 
curse you default library printer options - printing 20 copies of my resume is not the same as getting 10 double sided . One copy per two recruiters isn't exactly going to work . 
Cookie Baking Commences in T-Minus 26 hours 
is considering becoming a Brewers fan next year if they sweep the Rockies . 
Cookies at Midnight on 0 Floor ! 
308 cookies for the win 
has a plan for another midnight munchies 
Plinko is simply the best idea anyone has ever come up with for television . 
8 under at < PROPFIRST > park and 4 over at Central park . Finally my game is getting back on track . 
Buffalo , what the hell ? 
Kanye confirmed it : Favre is the greatest of all time . 
four new boardgames 
GT Disc Golf - 2nd place in < PROPFEMALE > Collegiate Championship 
is so distracted from studying he just looked up ADHD . 
People should not be allowed to be on stage for the Price is Right if they don't understand simple rules . 
Unacceptable NFL losses of the week : Eagles to the Raiders , Titans to the Patriots ( Just because of the 59 pt difference ) , Jaguars to the Rams ( They technically won , but in OT against the Rams , therefore it was as bad as a loss to a normal team ) 
senses impending danger 
its wonderful how even when you forget about yourself others remember for you . 
Amazing weekend 
“When you go in for a job interview , I think a good thing to ask is if they ever press charges . ” 
UGA only gets +15 this weekend ? Really ? I'll take Florida please . 
cleaned and rearranged his room today 
is dressed as duty staff ready for an quiet evening . We all get to dress as something we want to be for Halloween , right ? 
is dressed as duty staff ready for an quiet evening . We all get to dress as something we want to be for Halloween ... right ? 
hates this school 
#4 , #8 , #9 all gone , could GT go as high as #7 ? 
those clever Greeks , they just renamed Atlantis to Atlanta and hid it in North < PROPFEMALE > for 2000+ years . It hasn't sunk - yet . 
< PROPFIRST > Gonzalez's wife has an impressive tight end . 
good showing today GT Disc Golf . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > just stole the show tonight . 
Fall seven times , stand up eight . Then be less eager to go ice skating next time . 
That secret ingredient that makes everyone sleepy after every Thanksgiving Turkey is actually just the Detroit Lions . 
If Team Manning vs Team Brees was the next part of the twilight saga I'd have tickets reserved now . 
You'd think the Saints had a little ( haha ) divine intervention to have an opponent miss a 23yd kick that would seal it . Then again it was a kicker on the Redskins ... 
I realize there has been some resentment of Tebow over the years but the crying incident is already getting old . That being said the \Tim Tebow For The Criesman\ " group is pretty funny . " 
Looking forward to some winter weather disc golf 
Whenever Tiger tees off in the future , what will some guy yell instead of \get in the hole ! \ " ? " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night . 
You have to want it more . Leave with no regrets . 
Wildcard playoff match ups ... wait a second , Jets/Bengals ? Cowboys/Eagles ? Packers/Cardinals ? We just saw these games ... today ... 
I won't say that the SEC lacks any good basketball teams , that would simply be untrue . Fortunately none of those teams are in the state of < PROPFEMALE > . Maybe we could watch them in the NIT - if they get there . 
Go home Romo and watch a Legend go to work . 
< PROPFEMALE > Gailey is the new Bills coach ? I'm ready for a pair of mediocre seasons and missing the playoffs . In other words - no change . 
In my NCAA football dynasty < PROPMALE > Tebow is still playing in 2016 . I guess the NFL didn't want him and so he came back and was granted interminable eligibility . The college Favre . 
Watch out New Orleans : Hurricane Peyton is coming 
GT Disc Golf Info Session Tonight 7:30 pm CRC Room 251 
The following took place between the hours of 4:00 am and 5:00 am : Finally finished the first season of 24 after a brief 8 month delay . 
I've been told many times I look like Achilles , this rendition to be precise . 
eBay is simply the best procrastination tool ever . I can't bid on useless status ' I don't want on facebook . 300/1500 words complete . 
thinks Texas should accept a spot in the big 10 and create the confusion of two big 11's . 
Korean wipe out in last 2 seconds = 2 American medalists 
Yo Tiger , Imma let you finish but Kobe had one of the greatest apologies of all time . 
\They don't give you gold medals for beating somebody . They give you gold medals for beating everybody . \"" 
“Somebody told me it was frightening how much topsoil we are losing each year , but I told that story around the campfire and nobody got scared . ” 
is sweepy 
It's unfortunate how Milledgeville could never get national attention by its self . Big < PROPMALE > needs to keep his hands at 12 o'clock or on the football . 
It's unfortunate how Milledgeville could never get national attention by itself . Big < PROPMALE > needs to keep his hands at 12 o'clock or on the football . 
the \ \ " utton on my keyoard is roken " 
No matter who I end up picking for the bracket I'll always root for the upset . The buzzer beater kind . 
For < PROPMALE > McNabb's sake I hope he doesn't go to Oakland . If he does his career is over , all the Raiders have been is a graveyard for talented careers . 
Duty Career Complete , 37 Nights , 106 rounds , 59 Lockouts , good for 6th all-time . 
busy day 
Peace I leave with you ; my peace I give you . I do not give to you as the world gives . Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid . - < PROPFIRST > 14:27 
Nearly two years with one goal in mind . Only one thing I'm sure I'll be coming home with from Augusta : no regrets . Daily scores at ncdgu.com 
While not much went our way we had a vibrant bright spot - shout out to 2010 All-Americans < PROPFIRST > Rodesney of < PROPFEMALE > Tech and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Finley of Clemson . Congratulations to all the teams competing . 
I like it Bills , I like the pick . Now fire < PROPFEMALE > Gailey . 
Someone should write a paper on everything I do to avoid writing one of my papers . I'd read it - instead of doing my paper . 
Epic heads-up poker match . Like a rollercoaster . 
Now my master plan to run on the field will have its venue changed to a minor league baseball game . Maybe they arn't provided tasers and maybe ESPN won't cover it every 2 minutes all day . 
Never thought I'd miss this place until I realized I'd never be back . 
My phone is an introvert . It shuts down and stops communicating during the peak hours of the day . 
just achieved enough experience to level up in Jury Duty : The Sequel . I would never recommend this game . It's too realistic . 
My favorite thing about the first day of classes is when 30 people are waiting outside the classroom for the instructor and 15 people still try to open the door 
Alpharetta Classic Series 2010 
Sometimes the best result may be to come up short in the round of your life just to let you know you have plenty of room to improve . 
Sometimes we have to fight for what we believe in . I believe in winning . 
While the US - Ghana outcome is disappointing , 90% of the US soccer fans can stop faking it now 
this UGA athletic director story just keeps getting better and better . I guess they haven't realized his resignation is the only option . You just can't discipline your many student athletes that have integrity problems when you've got little if any left after this . 
I heard Haiti is going to throw < PROPMALE > a benefit concert . 
For a movie about sleeping I was on the edge of my seat the whole time . 
' To a man with a big hammer , says the proverb , every problem looks like a nail ' 
I wonder if < PROPFIRST > Hanson from Dateline NBC is ever invited to house parties . 
great friends , great weekend , good night 
graduated and now has the urge to pack and move into < PROPFIRST > . 
Don't call my name , don't call my name , < PROPMALE > . 
ESPN there is no need to force soccer into the Sportscenter Top 10 . It really isn't impressive and the World Cup is over . 
found a washed up boogie board on the beach that flies with crazy fade . Prepare for the newest overstable distance driver the speed 18 Discraft Voyager . 
Boise State is always irritating fake college football fans and I love every second of it . #3 and no one outside of Idaho and ESPN will ever give them credit . Amazing . 
ACC can we eat a Snickers ? We're playing football like < PROPFEMALE > White out there . 
You can't take the fight out of the dog but the Eagles just add < PROPFIRST > Vick . 
I see why < PROPFIRST > Jacobs is not a quarterback . He \tried to throw it into the ground\ " and it ended up 10 rows back in the stands ? " 
Smurf Turf 
Wow , A.J. Green makes great catches . Anyone know how to get in touch with him ? I'd love to buy his game ball . 
DAAA BEARS 
Monster.com is the MySpace of job search sites . I'd be better off responding to investment offers from Nigerian Princes to make money . 
Go Dawgs ! Second Place ! 
My neighborhood is like Grand Theft Auto : Halloween City - Extra Hookers Edition 
I'd like to see facebook add a counter for \I Voted - after doing some research \"" 
To Hell with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
The Buccs haven't beaten anyone with a winning record and they haven't lost to anyone with a losing record . Does this mean they are only as good as their schedule ? 
762 : I enjoy giving you wrong directions . 
You know something gets a lot of use when the batteries in it expired 10 years ago . 
The greatest record in sports history is finally set in stone . Incredible . 
I always have a < PROPFEMALE > for Chick-fil-a on Sundays . 
This < PROPFEMALE > better do something special , like doing the < PROPFEMALE > walk or be willing to sell < PROPFEMALE > rocks to put me through grad school . 
AFC Superbowl Hopefuls Top 3 for Week 16 : Pittsburgh 27.67% , New England 20.75% , Baltimore 10.38% 
I'm not staying up late , I'm just stretching my eye-lids for New Years . 
Pittsburgh vs Green Bay Superbowl XLV 
Cam < PROPMALE > earned his paycheck . 
Okay seriously , where the hell is < PROPFIRST > Sandiego ? 
