I have now seen every episode of South Park ! 

Boondock saints II is only playing on the east coast ?!?! Looks like its time for a road trip ! 
Windows 7 impresses me so far ! Windows maybe gotten it right this time ! Here's hoping . 
I said what what in the butt ! 
No more black < PROPFIRST > tacos ! 
Down with < PROPFIRST > Flay , you must have a soul to cook silly < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFIRST > Shatner is a Jew !?!? NOOOOO KHANN ! 
If love is what lead Anakin to the dark side , does that mean all Jedi are virgins ? Or maybe they could be lecherous douche-bags ? 
thank you all for giving me wonderful birthday , and all the birthday wishes =D 
Hey , you listen to me when I'm talking to you ! Don't make me turn this car around ! 
Catholic churches in Europe are getting Electronic Holy Water Dispensers to combat the H1N1 flu . WTF ! 
i think im bike curious . 
Gentlemen , BEHOLD ! 
My car is gonna cost me $437 to fix a belt near the alternator , which would be a $20 fix if i didn't have a foreign car , FML . On a good note , < PROPFEMALE > trek Online will be out 2/2/10 ! 
press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , enter , then right click and press up , down then use your mouse to scroll down its awesome , thank you MLIA 
I support anyone who will have to deal with the zealous Black-Friday shoppers tomorrow ! Good luck ! 
Escaping to earth 616 . 
Beware zombie hookers , they < PROPFEMALE > diseases ! 
I hate old people ! Just die already ! 
Is it really the thought that counts ? Or do actions speak louder than words ? I am so confused ! 
I did the ' Coke facial match ' thing and the person they found was a mexican that looked nothing like me except we both have a Jew nose ... FML . 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars : The Old Republic will own my soul the day it is released ! 
Why does it seem like real life isn't in 1080p ? I want high definition eyeballs ! 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! 
Fair well Monk , it was an amazing run , and I shall miss you ! 
Happy Hanukah ! 
I have a functional phone charger now so it is actually possible to contact me . 
My computer monitor/TV is broken , so either I find my warranty or I spend too much money getting a better set ... ( going without isn't an option ) 
Turkey gives me the sharts . 
Milk was a bad choice ! 
Cookoo for Cocoa Puffs . 
Exiled from Genosha . 
You know how I know your gay ? You like Coldplay and Nickelback . 
The riddle of the Sphinx : What goes on four legs in the morning , on two legs at noon , and on three legs in the evening ? 
What ?!?!?! 
Yup , joined the band-wagon ! Best wagon ever though ! 
I like music , yup . 
New South Park 3/17 ! WOOT ! 
This one is half retarded . 
How old are you before it can be said you died of old age ? 
I want diplomatic immunity . Thank you . 
There is a turd in the punch-bowl . 
Got an 82 estimated score on my ASVAB , now I wait to see where I'm placed . 
Haven't gone it to work yet and can't wait to get out . 
Falling asleep to ' A New Hope ' ... 
STARGATE UNIVERSE ! 
If I press the A button repeatedly in RL , do I win ? 
Everything is sugar and rainbows . 
This is the song that never ends , it just goes on and on ... 
I will suck out your brains with a bendy straw 
I've been watching alot of English TV lately , so every once in a while I think in a British accent . Blimey ! 
My 16 GB flash drive that I accidently dropped in the fryer at work for about a minute or so works ! Perfectly . I only kept it cause the melted plastic looked cool , but some how it actually works ! 
:) 
Best first session of DnD ever ! 
Falcon Punch ! 
pumpernickle 
I feel I'm on the wrong side of complacency . 
Can we officially change the meaning of LOL from ' laugh out loud ' , to ' oh , i think thats funny' ? 
You want proof that < PROPFEMALE > doesn't suck after Disney bought the franchise ? Its called Spider-man Shattered Dimensions . 
Remember , don't think about pink elephants . 
Watched Ulimate Avengers 1 & 2 . This shows just how much of a BA Thor and Hulk are . 
Sleep ... Where are you Mr. Sandman , I need you ! 
New Spider-man in 3D in 2012 , lets hope the new < PROPMALE > can honor the previous . 
TING TING ! 
It's Tuesday , you know what that means ? 
Fear the Tarrasque swarm 
It's funny how a simple thing like coffee can lift you spirits . :) 
In a Third Eye Blind kinda mood ! Oh ya ! 
I like cake and it likes me 
I need a good video game recommendation , I am lost with boredom ... 
Great day , up early to run , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s superhumans , worked-out :P + :D . Then cooked , saw expendables , and watched the colony . 
spider-man shattered dimentions = greatest spider-man game yet 
Just passed a redneck bar mitzvah ... I have no words .... 
In the mood to < PROPFEMALE > with people , but has no energy to do anything about it . 
Is in the mood to < PROPFEMALE > with people , but has no energy to do so . 
OMG a double rainbow ! 
Ahh , my knuckles ! 
I hate cazadors ! 
Dropped my phone in the sink , so don't bother calling me ... 
Yeah , my phone dried and it works fine now . :) 
The Walking Dead , BEST ---- SHOW ---- EVER ---- 
Butt scratcher ? 
Mythbusters in 3D ? H+E+L+L Y+A 
Seeing the world in HD and 3D ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zttMj_pV1Tw 
Being childish is so much fun ! 
You're a mindless Goomba Weasel ! HA ! 
Welcoming the Winter Solstice 
I love word puns ! 
Studying , watching LoTR and drinking coffee w/ @ < PROPFEMALE > Keizer 
Wonder how next year will compare to this one . 
I JUMPED ! rage quit < PROPFIRST > . 
Feels like spring , live it . 
Wishes his finances were as easy to solve as they were in Fable III . Dig some teasure , invest in renting homes and owning business and jacking up the prices ! 
Got rid of texting , if you need me , you'll have to call me . 
Oatmeal Cookie coffee , best invention ever ! 
What is it with anime and talking cats ? 
LOTR in HD , nazghoul have never looked so awesome . 
Wants to make a halfling called < PROPMALE > Lightfoot . 
5 songs overlapping in my head and they sound awesome together . 
< PROPFEMALE > + metal = awesome ! 
I don't know about the groundhog but I am going to assume we are going to have winter for quite a while longer . 
