I am Chunkylicious ... which would describe me being an Eatoholic ! 

Now begins the end of existence . 
Thank you darling for being so awesome ! 
Its time to forget and live 
I just love the smell of pine trees in the morning !!! 
I will fly across the sky . I will leave it all behind 
Everything I've done I've done for you . 
Your eyes can be so cruel . Just as I can be so cruel 
School stuff can be so stressful , but it needs to be done 
Once upon a time ......... 
Please and thank you 
Outside there's a boxcar waiting . 
So I am waiting for this test to end . 
So many lifeless empty hands . 
Don't Ask Me To Rise 
Cheers to the ... the ..... yea that 
That's it . I quit . 
Things just ........ game fa\\ce time . 
Breathe in .. breathe out . It really works ! 
What a Fantastic time for a fantastic time 
I am hanging with < PROPFIRST > !!! In my room ALONE ! : 0 
Unlike anything you can see , please high five the future 
Dun ah ah ah dun ah ah ah . peek a boo mushoooooo ! 
K-rAzY = something you have never encountered ; something one has never felt ; something one does not understand ; also known as Kendi 
Ha . And so starts this project motion . 
Incense is wonderous ! 
Day of nothing but sunburns and headaches 
There was a time when you let me know what was going on below . 
Don't forget to < PROPMALE > the Morning 
Sheeesh 
Is there any cure for a mind that is totaly confused and is moving at the speed of light ? 
Every time I start reading , I fall asleep . Who invented reading anyways ? 
It's just not supposed to be this way . 
It is not supposed to happen this way . 
If it is the beginning of the end , and tomorrow is a new day , then why does tonight have to be so dang out of place . 
Beauty is only skin deep . Cows only drink water . Bread goes into a toaster . And my mind quit working this morning . 
I have realized that I am a nervous eater . I can eat and eat and eat and eat and cannot stop when something is on my mind . NOOOOO !!! 
I guess it is time for rain drops and snooze buttons . 
You know who you are : Why do you insist on leaving ? 
Come inside and have a nice cup of tea . 
wow ! totally unexpected and it just hit me like a bullet in the chest ! 
Cha Cha Cha Chachugga Chachugga ! 
I wish you didn't have to go home . I wish you could stay . If just for a day . And when you have left , we will be both be alone . Won't be closer than over the phone . And the worst part of it is I don't know when I'll see you again . 
Who will love me for me ? Not for what I have done or what I will become ? Because no one has shown me what love really means . 
Too many classes and not enough credits !!! 
Yippeeety yackity bick back and the tic tacs . 
Oh poppycock . 
Oh nooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!! Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh 
Sometimes eating is a good thing , but most times it just makes things worse . Well , over eating does ! 
Cha cha cha cha cha cha cha changes ! 
O saviour of the day .. patron of my funeral . Raise the endless tomorrow 
Bubb -- bubb -- bubb ---- bubbba gump shrimp ! 
The best kind of prize is a Surprise ! 
Keep the change you filthy animal ! 
I sing . You sing . We all sing the new song ! 
Tell the other bears what you just saw . 
Let it begin . LET IT BEGIN !!! 
But he had strength and I had none . And yet we both reached for the gun . 
Blah Blah Blah Blah 
Won't find anyone as crazy as me ! 
Light me up put me on top Let's fa la la la la la la la la 
Light me up put me on top . Let's fa la la la la la la la la 
Now what ? 
There are moments when I do not know if it is real , or if anyone feels the way I feel . I need inspiration . 
This is it . How come it never evolves ? If it never does then it can never become . 
Gosh . Can it get any worser > 
Time to figure out what's what in my life . 
One true fact : Screw it . 
Down ... down ... down ... and let me guess ::: Down again 
Pick the flower now before the < PROPMALE > is past . 
i have decided to take dance this semester . i am rather psyched about this decision . now to get back to tucson and the rec center and finalize it ! 
i am all signed up for dance ! i cannot wait for the semester to begin . 
thank you . come again . 
Cheers to ... to .. to .. I am speechless . Thank you life ! 
Find the music that feeds your soul and watch the magic happen . 
My < PROPFEMALE > has reached its end . Tell me or I'll ...... 
Notre Dame = Our Lady . Talk about Sweet Disposition . 
You know the feeling you get when something happens ... I get it everyday !!! 
Indoor plumbing ... it's gonna be big@ 
Is wonder boy here for real ? 
I just can't stop thinking about what could've been and what should've been 
\Yesterday is history . Tomorrow is a mystery . But today is a gift . That is why it is called the present . \"" 
There is nothing like a glass of cold soy milk to help me go through all my itunes music ! 
Fair is Fair . I study and work hard all the time and you reap the benefits . 
All I need is the air I breath 
I have to write a 7 < PROPFEMALE > paper , read 40pgs , study for a test , practice my music , do my theory work , work out everyday , go to school and do my piano hw all before Thursday !!!! Let it Begin ! 
I did not finish my work . I do not care anymore . 
Badda Bing badda boom . Badda boom ! 
Smile those < PROPFEMALE > whites :) :p ;) 
Let's all just eat .. talk a little bit ... eat a little more ... laugh ... eat some more ! 
Did you know : the absence of obvious repetition in Schoenberg's music-nothing is allowed to become familiar- places unprecedented demands on the listener ? 
Unlike the most books , the Complete Musician is an integrated approach to tonal theory , analysis and listening . :o 
Never put Icy Hot on after a shower . It BURNS !!!! 
Peanut Butter ... eat that and you will store enough fat for the winter ! 
The journey of a thousand < PROPMALE > begins with one step . But the quest of today begins with tomorrow ! Let it Begin ! 
Adios . Ciao . Au Revoir . Auf Wiedersehen . I am finished . I am done . Goodbye 
Things you do are stupid . You do them and you know they are stupid , but you do them anyways . Then you just get to live with it for the rest of your life .... meow . 
This time baby I will be bulletproof 
It is time for a new time . I am ready for a re-birth . 
You want my soul ? Take it All 
A . S . A . P = Act Swiftly , Awesome Pachyderm 
What have I been thinking for the past 1.5 months ? --- Cross patch away . Leave me I pray . If I am hungry I'll never say so , will not give way so , < PROPMALE > it away so . Cross patch , cross patch , what is the use ? Growling and Grumbling full of abuse , Off with you , out with you , Shame on you goose ! 
Perhaps my end shall become my reality . 
I am a pretty little Dutch girl , as pretty as I can be . And all the boys in the neighborhood are crazy over me ! 
Little Girls are made of sugar , spice and everything nice ! \ 
Little Boys are made of ships and snails and puppy dog tails ! 
Smiling girls , < PROPFEMALE > boys , come and buy my little toys : monkeys made of gingerbread and sugar horses painted red ! 
Once upon a time there was a magical place where it never rained . The End . 
if . it . is . not . now . then.it.will.never.be . 
Eat . Pray . Love 
Let's savor every moment of this . 
Hello to you ... and you ... and you .. oh of course you too ! 
This is good day , good week , better month , and great year ! 
In a state of X-treme desperation ! This could turn ugly real fast . 
Once upon a time ... the end . 
Always changing , rearranging and changing . 
crazy . hair . day . everyday ! 
step away from the water ! 
5-6-4-3-2 no way . no way . 
btgf .. and now you know 
everyday i see you . everyday i cry inside knowing that you and i will never share a moments embrace . fate you laugh at me . meow . 
So a Catholic , an Atheist and a Mormon walk into a bar ....... 
Be what you want to be by being what you want to become . 
i dont know what you've done to me but i know this much is true . \ 
i want to do bad things with you . 
I am officially in love with Gabe Sargeant ! Coolest girl ever ! 
and this is it . Cheers to me . 
i like it with you watching . 
Here's to you . Here's to this . Bottoms up . ;p 
Just a quick note to the public . I am limiting my phone usage . So if you ever need to get a hold of me , good luck to you ! Hugs and Kisses and goodbye mio telefonino ! 
what's on my mind ? hmmm .......... 
you're waiting for a train , a train that will take you far away .... 
We drunk so let me be your alcohol hero ... 
\ ... if i'm not pure at least my jewels are .. \ " :) " 
i am done ... D . O . N . E .... done 
you dont know me anymore . i am not the person that i was before . i feel alive , but i am ready to die . i am a beautiful tragedy 
Goodbye Tucson . hello to the open highway 
To me , good health . To you , better health . To her ... we can get back to that later . 
Eustace ... Muriel .... Doggy .... AHHHHH 
cookie #4 .. this could end very badly . 
and we all went tumbling down , to the ground ... 
maybe the reason all the doors are closed is so i can open one to the perfect road ? 
chicks give you fever . 
and it is aiming right at me . 
how can we start to tackle the problem if you do not admit that you are on it ? :S 
wow . wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow . that was fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun ........ if you are into that kind of thing thing thing thing thing thing . i guess . save me . 
what's on your mind ? 
what other majors are there , interesting and fun , compared to music ? 
day of finals and then it is party hearty !!!! 
gooooood morning tucson ! ha ha ha ha :D 
hey everyone . tis the season . ho ho hoe . 
i have a castle on a cloud and it is smooth . 
guess what everyone ? soar high or go back home . 
can you go a long time with me ? 
nothing to do for the next few weeks . boredom will soon consume me . yikes . tear . :( 
drink thirsty and raise your glasses in the air 
on my list to do this christmas : a glass or 5 of \REAL\ " egg nogg . cheers to you < PROPFEMALE > clawwwwwzzzzzz . " 
i am here , but not really . i heart this very much . 
seriously ? yes . truly ? of course . honestly ? duh . for real ? ...... 
i am in complete shock with The Black Swan . i am going to see it again . best movie of the year alongside inception . 
rain rain rain . i love the rain . 
status : available 
and that is how the cookie crumbles . 
\ sorry cookie . i never said i was a role model . \ " good times . " 
News Flash :::::: Big boobs do float ... if they are real ! 
