I need to go work out but i'm havin a hard time convincing myself to go do it ha 

At home for the night with nothin to do .. boredom is horrible 
Just registered for the ACT 
finishing up my petty officer 3rd and 2nd class course for drill next weekend and gonna do some always lovely pt tomorrow 
About to go run and so some more PT then get finished with homework then eat somethin 
About to go run and do some more PT then get finished with homework then eat somethin 
watching saving private < PROPFIRST > 
Stretched and tore ligaments in my thumb , as well as tissue damage ... no fun :/ 
Courage wolf's advice : PAIN IS TEMPORARY . < PROPFEMALE > IS ETERNAL Now that's motivation .. props to Courage Wolf !! haha 
I'ma be who i set out to be , without a doubt , undoubtedly and for those who look down on me , I'm tearin down your balcony . 
THE ONLY TRUE FAILURE . IS ACCEPTING FAILURE . \ 
Thanks courage wolf .. he knows everything ha 
Just returned from a 3.2 mi . run .. good way to start the day but dang i'm tired . Now to pack for drill . 
As soon as I find out that I need to print off important forms to fill out before i leave tomorrow and send off , my printer decides to stop working .... fml . 
No phone :/ Lost my phone and wallet all on the same day .. considering burning those shorts . 
Finally back home and ready to < PROPFEMALE > with friends before school starts back 
Just wanna say thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday and made it great . I appreciate it 
No more glasses sept . 1st , gettin contacts :) 
So freakin bored ... nothin to do and stuck at home 
Uggghhhh .. i hate Calculus and its only the 2nd day . I hope they let me drop it . 
Got out of Calculus !!!! :) 
Just wrote a new song on piano and it feels great .. like weight has been lifted ha ... i love music ! 
\People sleep peacefully in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf\ " 2 more years world . Hooyah Lavachek ! " 
So for anyone who has ever wondered what kool-aid powder tastes like without added sugar or water , it's nasty and sour ... it stains your finger and mouth red as well 
The show went pretty good last night .. despite my huge mistake in our opening song haha . Good time overall though . Thanks to those who came out for it . 
If it moves , kiss it . 
Hittin up the recording studio tomorrow and can't wait !! 
Just got home from recording and music will soon be on our myspace ! check it out and let us know what you think 
Go check out my band's music on myspace ! You , Me , and the < PROPMALE > 
20 minute presentation due friday morning and starting it today ... now that's what i call preparation haha . 
Band practice soon ... still selling demos and another show in november . 
Eye surgery went well but i'm gonna be honest this hurts quite bad and is very annoying . Oddly enough , i think i'd rather be at school haha 
I'm definitely ready for my eyes to back to normal now :/ 
Eyes look and feel much better today and cross country banquet tonight . 
Just got home from my banquet .. had a good time and some laughs but had to say goodbye to < PROPMALE > wise :/ xc wont be the same without him next year ha 
stitches in my eyes are gone and i'll be startin swim practice monday .. im back 
Show tomorrow night !! everyone needs to come out and hang .. txt me for details ( 736-2873 ) 
Playin a show in < PROPMALE > , TN January 14th ! Can't wait . 
Playin a show in < PROPMALE > , TN January 14th or 21st ! Can't wait . 
Go away , go away . You'll never see my face .. tear all my pictures off the wall . I'm goin away , i've gone away . You'll never see my face .. yeah tear all my pictures off the wall .... 
An annoying day followed by swim practice which leads to me starving , which leads to me searching for food and realizing there isnt anything which leads to me on here and realizing how much better this day gets every minute . 
Leavin tomorrow .. not feelin like packin . Oh well 
Don't ask don't tell was repealed , i'm so happy ! 
Vee-necks are for losers ! Good thing i have a whole closet full !!! 
Guess who ! :D I love < PROPFEMALE > kiddo ! 
Back home as of yesterday . It was a great experience and I enjoyed it .. now I just wish I could catch up on some much needed rest ha 
You won't be happy ' til the bottle's broken . You're out swimming in the flood you kept back , you kept unspoken . 
For someone half as sm < PROPMALE > , you'd be a work of < PROPMALE > . 
I never knew that lying came so natural to you .. I can't bare to see the person you're gonna be . 
