Got my second 300 game last night . Yes it was a thrilling as the first one !!!!!!!!!!! Now I have a headache .... but it was worth it . 

If you don't read the newspaper you are uninformed , if you do read the newspaper you are misinformed . Ain't this the truth ... Stick to talk radio . 
Something to think about ... The cheif danger in life is that you may take too many precautions . 
Kindred ... the fear of relatives ... just think on it a second you will get it . 
When Wealth is lost , nothing is lost : When Health is lost , something is lost ; When Character is lost , all is lost .... Think about that one for awhile 
I just had a phone call that someone is using my facebook chat ... That thing that shows up at the bottom of the page ... and they are asking for money . This is not me . I will try to get with face book and see what is going on . RichD 
Ignore any requests for money you get from my chat line at the bottom of my facebook < PROPFEMALE > . It is a scam . Facebook knows about it but can not do much . 
Well will wonders never cease . They decided to give me my original site back . I am going to cancel my other site that I started . What a break ... huh ? 
Three cheers for Arizonia !!!!! Finally someone with enough nerve to step up to this illegal alien fiasco ..... It is Time to stop the flow and use the laws that are in place .... 
What is going on this morning ... Cannot send a drink , cannot play my games , cannot send a flower ... NOthing works .... 
I had the time of my life last Saturday ... 7/10/10 bailing out of a perfectly good air plane . I have a hard describing it , but I had to do it . Wans't sure I could until I did it . < PROPFEMALE > my tandem partner was great . He spent the last 30 minutes just chatting with me . I think to calm me down . 
When it was over it took about 3 hours to come close to coming down . \ 
Two sparkling wines , shot of my Cigar Malt Scotch , and two beers and I \ 
was close . Something you should try once . Will I do it \ 
again ... maybe .. I do not have to but I know that I can .... It is one heck \ 
of a ride . 
I now joined the SOS club ... Sky divers over 60 . Most \ 
jumpers are kids that jump out of the plane like they were diving into a\ 
pool . What a ride .... 
I wrote too much . If you read this starting with the third one down it will make sense . sorry . Too many rules ... 
I see that the Hallmark channel is popping up on the side panels here at Facebook . Just so everyone understands . ATT/Uverse is not taking Hallmark off the air . ATT is meeting with Hallmark to come up with a new contract . Call who you like and say what you want but it is the best of what Capitalism is . They will meet and each will do what they have to do to stay in business ... Good Job Boys ! 
I believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you Believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this . 
Every American should support the Green Bay Packers ! The Packers beat the Chicago Bears saving several million dollars of tax money . How ? Simple . if the Chicago Bears had won Chairman Obama would be attending the Super Bowl Since the Bears lost , the Chairman won't be attending . The money saved from not using Air Force One , the limousines , all the additional security is several million dollars ! Go Green Bay 
