ouch . T_T 

is busier than she expected to be today , but not as stiff and sore as she expected to be . 
can has beautiful , shiny , gorgeous new HDTV . & hearts ; 
is so exhausted ... urk . 
is wondering . 
wonders no more . 
just almost died . 
is feeling a bit evil . XD 
is wondering if she did something or has some sort of communicable disease that she can't see . 
Is that the sun coming up ? crap ... 
could use ten naps right about now . 
kupo . 
had a blast at Distant Worlds ... but is surprised she didn't sleep until the middle of the afternoon today . 
is working all week . D: 
doesn't have much else to lose , and feels strangely good about that fact . 
wanted to accomplish so much more when she got home today ... oh well , nap time . 
can hear the mighty roar of a woe-kitten 
adopted out the woe-kitten ! Awesome day for adoptions at work . ^^ Tomorrow's gonna be even better ! 
doesn't like her new haircut . :( 
is a little more okay with the hair now that it's not full of weird styling stuff . 
is thinking about bed already ... geez , I'm getting old . > < 
is feeling super special awesome . Happy Independence Day . :3 
has some serious icky cage cleaning to do , and then ... maybe karaoke later ? 
is glad to be done with icky cage cleaning for now . I love how one good clean corner makes me want to keep going . Hopefully that'll < PROPFEMALE > over tomorrow . 
finally has a heart ! It's made of plastic and has an on/off switch . 
is being SUPER PRODUCTIVE today and feels SUPER AWESOME because of it . & hearts ; 
can feel herself crashing and doesn't like where her thoughts have headed . 
is feeling stressed-out and crappy . > < Hopefully the turnout for our < PROPMALE > show is better than the turnout for the karaoke night was . 
should not still be wide awake . Damn it ... 
It POURED on us at the < PROPMALE > show . I got to walk the half a mile back to my Jeep in the heaviest part of the storm . But I got home an hour and a half before I'd ordinarily get off work , and I'm pretty sure I still get paid for the whole day . Now I'm g 
is wiiiiiiide awake . 
alone again , naturally . 
is up at 4:30 AM , yay ! > < 
just watched a little girl punch the ever-living crap out of our soda machine expecting it to magically vend . And then burst into tears . 
isn't sure of what's right and wrong anymore . 
should not have slept for seven hours yesterday evening ... woken up at midnight and actually stayed awake ... today's gonna be weird , I can tell . 
had an excellent day and is trying to stay awake ... 
is anxiously awaiting the return of Lake SPCA ... from the looks of our creek , it's imminent . 
is having a fantastically weird day . & hearts ; 
Nothing like a random downpour to reinforce my new-found fear of driving at night in the rain . 
has very little love for volunteer meeting day ... 
is getting new furniture ( well , newer and not broken/smelling of cat pee anyway ) but is happier about seeing her uncles . 
happy < PROPFEMALE > landing day , Facebook . 
is looking forward to tomorrow ... it's got to be better than today , anyway . 
had the best day ever . 
is without her Jeepy for three days . I'll miss you , Jeepy !! 
and half of the SPCA staff just ran out and played in the rain ! 
it's my minions versus thee . 
has a < PROPFEMALE > on her shoulder . It's a little awkward but the < PROPFEMALE > insisted ... 
can I go home and start today over ? 
is excited about donating 90% of her old stuffed animals ... but wonders if she'll be able to drive her Jeep as stuffed full as it is . 
is off to the demolition derby ~ ! woohoo ! 
is nerding out over a huge poster print of a flyer she made . 
is making magical peach cobbler . 
gets to spend her day with Booger the bulldog . 
is glad she has a few less things to worry about this evening than she thought ... now I'm gonna go collapse somewhere for a bit . 
can't sleep ... all I can hear is Mom watching Jurassic Park , and that damnable theme ... curse you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
had the most wonderful day . & hearts ; 
is * quite * sick of being taken advantage of . 
made hot dog octopi . They're adorable ... 
has a sad , and also a tired . Tine to call it a night . 
is still shaky from yesterday , but is going to work hard today regardless . 
is too exhausted for meteors tonight . Or much of anything . Goodnight ... 
is going to bed now . When I wake up stuff better be normal again . 
had a wonderful , beautiful day , as expected . :) 
it's like a swirling cloud of suck just enveloped my evening . Awesome . 
is looking for a new place to live , and possibly a roommate . 
had an awesome day at the batting cages , even though she made a fool of herself . ^^ Also I has a guinea pig ! 
is going to the beach on Tuesday and is super-excited about it ! 
had a craptacular day at work , but it doesn't matter now ! Off to the beach tomorrow ! 
had a wonderful time at the beach ... off to unconsciousness for a couple hours . & hearts ; 
is baking pineapple upside-down cupcakes ! Now if the oven could * not * catch on fire this batch , that'd be awesome . 
is at work till midnight , save a three-hour block from 3-6 . Aloha ~ ! 
didn't realize she'd get to swim at work today ! Pictures to come soon ! 
was having a crappy morning , but a snake made it better ! And then she died from cute . 
is feeling very , very strange . 
is not off to a good start . 
found her phone and got wonderful things from the farm market , so the day's improved ! Plus , I have weekend plans for once ! :) 
thinks her mom may have just realized she's afraid of snakes . ^^ ; 
should NOT BE AWAKE at this hour . > < 
is sans-computer for a few days . :( 
is going home ... will likely be unreachable for the rest of the weekend . :) 
is ridiculously busy today . 
has a lappy again . & hearts ; 
has a completely silent house . And it's really freaking weird . 
is finally caught up at work ... and is still in high-energy stress mode . * twitch twitch * 
wonders if maybe she overdid it . > < My poor voice . 
is off to Richmond tomorrow . Hopefully my lazy goes away by then too . ^^ ; 
had a wonderful two days in Richmond ... even though the weather didn't really cooperate . I touched a shark ~ ! Back to routine tomorrow . :( 
has a box of < PROPFEMALE > hats at her desk . The things people donate ... 
is really nervous about her three-year review at work and has been dreading today for a while ... we'll see what happens I guess . 
has a very , very angry snake . O_O 
made a huge breakfast ... beat Loco Roco ... and is going to clean up small animal poop all day . And maybe go to the park . 
is surprised her little phone lasted * this * long . I can still receive calls but my display's dead now ... damn , and I liked my little crappy phone . 
got a new phone , but doesn't have anyone's number anymore . Gah . 
when they ARGUE over your review , it isn't a good sign , is it ? 
is employed . hooray ~ 
is super cheerful ~ maybe karaoke tonight ? :3 
had an awesome day in Martinsburg . :3 
feels really freaking terrible . Hope it's not swine flu . 
is feeling much better . Anime and bed rest are good cures for lil ' stomach bugs . 
is off to Charlottesville today ... now if only the stupid rain would go away ... 
had an awesome day , rain be damned . :) Also a crazy old man gave me the stink-eye at a red light ! 
has an adorable black kitten sitting on her shoulder , yowling at passers-by like he's a guard dog . 
arr , I be muchly conflicted . > < 
will relax when she's dead . > < 
' s fortune cookie said she was going to have a party . Really ? 
doesn't want to be stuck at home with her surly mother all day . Anyone want to do something fun ? 
is confused and angry , and very unsure of the next step to take . 
is feeling much better . 
woke up quite a bit later than planned , but ... busy , busy day ahead ! it's party time ! ^^ 
is having a rave/barbecue birthday partaaaay . 
had an awesome time last night with her friends , got birthday stuff at work today , and is spending time with < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! Plus dinner with Mom on Monday ! It's like having four birthdays ! 
had an < PROPFIRST > come along and save her from a lousy birthday . :) 
is not off to a great start this morning . 
got to break up a fight , held a ferret , did about six loads of laundry , took out the garbage , and < PROPFIRST > for an hour and a half . busy day ! Time for sleep . :) 
feels like she's been hit by a truck , but had an awesome time at the fair ! I regret nothing ! * collapse * 
will keep trying , even though it seems foolish and hopeless . 
is off to the hospital to visit Ken ... nobody else is there , right ? This week's been kinda heavy on medical emergencies for people around me ... 
is feeling distinctly :/ 
has a ferret chewing on the sole of her shoe . 
has had about enough . 
made a really awesome apple pie ... excuse me , \crostata\ " . It's too pretty to eat ! " 
actually had time to accomplish things at work today . Yay . 
can ride a bike with no handlebars 
is relaxing , reading the new volume of Yotsuba& !, and listening to the rain . Peaceful ... but somewhat lonely , too . 
found out she's not that good at absorbing pet stains , actually . > < 
has a < PROPFEMALE > in her lap . It's drooling on me in its sleep . :3 
is feeling ridiculously energetic despite the nasty poo weather . How unusual ... 
isn't sure what to do with her remaining three days off . Anybody want to do something fun ? 
is somewhat mortified that it's calling for snow tonight and tomorrow morning . 
feels betrayed . 
is already having a much better day . :3 
smells like fifteen dogs and twenty four cats and two rabbits . :3 
has encountered a Zubat . 
wonders what dogs did to get such majorly preferential treatment over cats . 
would like very much to just curl up and sleep for three days . 
had her grandmother give her the entire \Left Behind\ " book series . Um ... " 
is getting a huge kick out of our Halloween CDs at work . 
is probably fired . 
is not fired , thankfully , but is in trouble . 
is up to her elbows in pumpkin guts . :D 
is eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeviiiiillllll !! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAA 
is watching the first season of SNL and relaxing . :3 
The back of my head is in the Winchester < PROPFEMALE > ! ^^ 
is having an amusingly weird day . :3 
is the smartest person in the world today , apparently . :) 
feels like an idiot . 
is so happy the weekend's almost here ! :D 
is wearing her < PROPFEMALE > ears and cleaning house a bit . :3 
RIP , Maw-maw . :( 
is off to DC for the day ... some happy is needed badly . 
would like to crawl into a hole and hide for the rest of this week if that's okay . 
got crazy awesome compliments at karaoke and even got hit on ... definitely an interesting evening . ^^ ; 
Forget about this week , I'd like to crawl into a hole and hide for the rest of this month . 
wants a Viking funeral when she dies . 
it's fun to code using H-T-M-L ~ ? 
is waiting for the pumpkin to thaw so she can make pumpkin log . Mmmmmm , edible log . 
It'd be really nice if for one month or maybe two , something stupid didn't happen to my Jeep . > < 
would rather not be stuck at home on a day like this . :( 
is feeling like the statue and not the pigeon . 
is off to bed so she can wake up at 4 to watch meteors ~ ! :D 
spent her lunch break driving through puddles in the rain . 
has apparently gained notoriety as a < PROPFEMALE > photographer . ^^ People are already wanting to know when our < PROPFEMALE > pictures are ! It's going to be crazy busy this year ! 
would like to stop worrying and just exist for a while . 
is somewhat horrified by the rest of humanity tonight . I can't believe how nasty people can be when they have to wait . 
forgot what Winchester traffic is like on Saturday afternoons . 
smells like eucalyptus and spray paint , and is covered in charcoal and graphite . Hooray for productivity , especially creative productivity ! 
is off to Manassas . Whee ~ 
had amazing dreams again last night ... thanks , subconscious . :) 
nekomimi mode ~ ! & hearts ; & hearts ; & hearts ; 
only 3 1/2 more hours ... then the preparations begin ! 
is slightly scatterbrained , but working towards a happy . :3 
had the best Thanksgiving ever . I couldn't be happier . :) 
Total old ladies shoved : 0 . Alexes shoved : 1 . 
still has a happy even though she's at work on less than three hours of sleep . And it's CRAZY today , holy crap ! 
is off to karaoke , apparently . :) 
It's not every day you go to work and find a dog ovary in a bag on your desk ... 
has had about enough weirdness for today ... I'm going to lounge in my PJs and watch old episodes of SNL . :P 
gets to listen to Rush Limbaugh all afternoon . Fantastic . > < 
is in North < PROPFEMALE > till Tuesday . Yay beach ! :) 
drove all the way to Cape Hatteras today . Two more days still ! :) 
just got out of the awesome heated pool . It's really weird swimming when I know there's still snow on the ground at home . Back tomorrow sometime ! :) 
Immune system operating at 50% capacity . Communications are down . Battery level low . System crash in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 
spent the evening watching old cartoons and Godzilla vs . Mothra . Hooray ! :) 
got a new computer at work ... with Windows 7 . It's shiny and I'm not 100% sure what I'm doing . 
feels like something's missing . 
Xmas shopping : done . Next comes wrapping presents and baking . And maybe sleep at some point . 
should really just stop thinking and sleep . >_< 
Cute bright green vest ? Check . Holiday socks ? Check ! Really loud squeaky toy ? Got it . Jingly thing for distracting cats ? Got that too ! Let's take some < PROPFEMALE > pictures ~ ! 
Tomorrow is looking like a day for cute snow boots and 4-wheel drive . :) 
ordinarily loves the snow , but not when she's stuck at home with her mom . 
I'm gonna dig , dig , dig my way to freedom ~ ! ? 
is ready for happy things to happen now ... please ... 
Aside from soul-crushing exhaustion and having to share my special dinner with Mom's stupid boyfriend , today's been pretty great ! There were presents ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Facebook . Hope everybody got what they wanted . 
Well , Mom ditched me and didn't make breakfast like she promised , and I spent the day completely alone except for the very end when my friends came over . If I hadn't built an army of robot animals , today would've been a total loss . 
apparently desperately needed sleep . O_O 
had a wonderful evening at her coworker's house ... got climbed on by the just-recently-turned-four-year-old and there was even cake ! Spongebob cake ! 
has too many inside chores to do on such a nice day ... but I can't pass up the opportunity to get them done . :/ 
is enjoying Christmas breakfast ... so what if I'm having it two days late and for dinner instead ? :) 
would really appreciate it if her sinuses would stop hurting every time she stands up , sits down , bends over , or tries to breathe through her nose . :( 
could've sworn she had to work today , but apparently not . * shrug * 
has lost so much this year ... but gained something wonderful , too , that outshines all of the sadness . I'm full of hope for the new year and happy to leave 2009 behind . 
First new experience of the new year : I met a pimp and some hos on my way home . I stopped to get gas at 7-11 and ... yeah . 
Well it's been a long December , and there's reason to believe maybe this year will be better than the last ... 
I'm not sure if an illiterate dude singing garbled karaoke is funny or sad . 
Work time . :/ Hopefully it's not too horrible today . 
just got home ... and has incredibly mixed feelings . I did have fun , though . 
is vulnerable to extreme cute . Am currently without a left arm because Oni looks so content sitting on it , purring . 
has a working shelter program again !! It only cost me an entire day of work and the shelter $85.00 for tech support ... but it works !! 
Pink 
System reboot in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 . Ding-ding-ding DINGding . 
It's too early to have already been awake for an hour ... oh well . Off to Harrisonburg and then Charlottesville ! 
had a wonderful day . & hearts ; 
woke up to an e-mail from PayPal saying that I sent someone $55.00 that I didn't send them . Checked my bank balance and yep , it's gone . What the hell ? 
is in desperate need of a nap . 
is a poo head 
has an extreme happy . :3 
may not be there yet , but she's closer than she was yesterday . 
is incredibly exhausted , but feels like she got a lot accomplished today . The happy continues ... 
overslept massively . And is losing a day of work because of it . AND they're calling it a \no call no show\ " . Fantastic . " 
is looking forward to the rest of this weekend ... after 4 today , anyway . 
just had AMAZING sushi for dinner . ? 
is home again . Back to work tomorrow . I'm not fired , thankfully . 
Anybody want to go see BT at Ibiza in DC on Saturday night ? :) 
got \mad props\ " on < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s radio show this morning for the picture she took of a dog they featured . Yay ! " 
is sitting at work watching it snow . Might get to go home early ... but also might not get to go to DC tonight if it's too nasty . 
Okay , I'm home now ... it can stop snowing any time . :( 
is NOT going out tonight . Concert got moved back a week anyway . :) May as well relax and enjoy the evening . 
hahaha , what the hell , February . That's no way to start . 
Grr , stupid snow . > < 
Yup , 3:30 in the morning is the PERFECT time to noisily plow our parking lot , making sure you hit both the signs and the mailbox ... 
does not like that it's only taken three days to completely destroy her sleep schedule . :( Going to bed now . Maybe waking up early to snap it back into place . 
is making ridiculously hot chili to help combat the 30 inches of cold , wet misery falling outside . 
gets to go out and plow a path for her poor dogs to go out in . Snow's probably considerably worse when it's taller than you ... 
Well , I killed the snow . Also my knee . And most of the rest of me . :( 
Yay ! Super Bowl's off and PUPPIES ARE STILL ON !! Oh . Also , go Saints ! yay ! 
is going back to work tomorrow ... as far as she knows . :/ 
sang Lady Gaga at karaoke . It was * fantastic * . 
doesn't mind her new Facebook layout in the least ... it seems intuitive enough . What's so wrong about it , people ? 
snow daaaaaay ~ oh , wait , I'm stuck here with Mom again and I really needed the hours . Stupid nature ! 
was unexpectedly reminded of a happy time while driving through the tundra outside . It's an okay day after all . :) 
feels out of sorts ... time to collapse for a couple hours before I have to work again . 
spent her evening watching Magic Knights Rayearth ... nothing like a blast from the past to cheer you up after a bad day . :) 
Happy celebratable-by-wearing-red day ! 
tomorrow will be better , right ? 
danced with a gay dude , sang The Final Countdown , and feels a little less stressed out but a LOT more exhausted . Time for bed ! 
is gonna go wander for a bit . 
Today's been full of strange experiences . Mostly good . I'mma collapse for a few hours now . 
Citizens of Winchester , and its surrounding areas : Did you know ? They sell hats at the store . You don't need to skin a guinea pig in order to make one for yourself ... 
Aaaaand the cat's in the cradle and I hate this song ~ ? 
Only wishes she could be as awesome as < PROPMALE > is . Gosh he sure is swell ... 
came home from karaoke ... and found her < PROPFEMALE > had escaped while she was gone . Luckily she didn't get out of my room and she was easy to catch . 
is still awake . it's going to be a rough day ... 
This is getting real high marks as about the worst week ever . > < 
had a much-needed wonderful day . :) 
... there is a LINE to get into this place today ! Crazy Saturday ! Now ADOPT THE DOGS , PEOPLE ! 
feels * awesome * . What a great night it was ! 
When getting your vehicle inspected , it's never good when they bring you a LIST of things that are wrong with it at the end . 
Once again , karaoke saves the day from being a total loss . :) Oh , and Sgt . Frog . 
is a double reject this week , apparently . 
... It feels like I'm being mocked . I'll show you ! I don't give up . 
woke up with a NASTY sinus infection and no voice ... awesome . > < 
has a voice again ( thanks to sleep and copious amounts of water ) but accomplished absolutely nothing today . So much for the pretty day off . 
Karaoke was EPIC tonight . ? 
My boss told me to die . If I don't do what he says , is it insubordination ? 
feels terrible ... and is pretty sure she's slept through the same episode of the Newlywed Game twice now . Ugh . > < 
feels much better ... and has some solutions and answers now . It was getting kinda scary there for a bit . 
is getting her Jeepy back this afternoon ( and has a ride to go get it too ! ) Let the rejoicing commence ! :) 
had the most weirdly awesome evening , but has officially been awake 23 hours and has somewhere to be in two more hours . Do I stay up or get what little sleep I can ? 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness ... 
has a concussion after all . Thanks , drunk driver , you've made my day . 
won a free video game for guessing when a giant pile of snow would melt at Play ' N ' Trade ! yay ~ ? 
is chillin ' at work in her pajamas . Midnight Madness is tonight ! 
is majorly exhausted ... had a pretty awesome couple of days though . And sushi !! 
juist rescued the poor abandoned doll in the parking lot . She's been there four days , that's long enough ... 
learned a lot last night ... and hence didn't sleep . Today should prove interesting . 
Nothing fixes a crappy day like obtaining a Bag of Crap . :) 
feels like she understands the things that made her upset a lot better now , and hence , is not upset by them anymore . It really has been an enlightening week . 
had a really great day ! There was anime and cupcakes and sunshine and a postcard and a phone call ! And a backpack ! Woo ! 
is not looking forward to waking up in less than 8 hours to go to work . At least this evening was really fun . 
woke up 5 minutes earlier than planned thanks to a dream about driving in the snow . Is this the butt-crack of < PROPFEMALE > ? It is kinda dark . 
just got her 2% luck . I feel somewhat unworthy . 
So much for being productive today . It hurts to move . 
feels better but still wasn't productive . Oh well . :) 
Another morning at work ... another < PROPMALE > Roll . Only one more day of work this week and then I'm off for three days , yay ! 
is off to the Sakura Matsuri today ! I'm so excited ! :) 
So much wonderful packed into one weekend . I feel amazingly lucky for once . Hopefully it doesn't wear off . 
wasn't expecting that ... there's been a lot of unexpected happy occurring the past few days . Maybe the wish did work . 
is nervous nervous nervous nervous . Gah ! 
Kittens make everything all better ! 
What an awkward day . > < Bed for a short while , then work in the AM . 
The end of this week can't get here soon enough . :( 
A jellybean can try but I'm still gon ' eat it . 
had a wonderful evening ! :) Glad I went out , I'll miss you guys till next week ! 
doesn't think falling asleep early tonight's going to be a problem ... ^^ ; 
is in Jersey for the next few days ... hoping the weather clears up a bit soon ! 
went to the really awesome Atlantic City aquarium today ! Having a great time here ! :) 
is still having fun in Atlantic City ! I'll be back tomorrow night ! 
had a wonderful time on vacation and doesn't care that a huge pile of unhappy was waiting at home . Bedtime is now ... if I can find my bed under all this confetti . 
Introducing the < PROPFEMALE > , the world's first hybrid office/kennel worker . Cleans cat cages and answers phones in a clean , efficient manner . 
is off to the park . Karaoke later tonight !! :3 
Wow , there is a crazy scary-looking car fire on 37 near the exit for 522 North . O_O Wasn't expecting to see anything like that on my way home . 
is off to an awesome concert tonight ... gonna be deaf and highly exhausted for work tomorrow , but it'll be worth it ! :) 
\Nothing says ' metal ' like a pink inflatable bat with ' Grand Slam ' written on it . \"" 
is happy to have some plans for the weekend ... it'll save my so-far less than fantastic week . :) Goodnight ~ 
got flowers ( well , a flowering plant anyway ) , and is holding the cutest puppy ever at work ... and I get to leave early and go to a festival thing in Luray with < PROPFIRST > ! It's a happy day ! :) 
Who needs sleep ? Not me , apparently . 
is once again glad she has plans for a much-needed happy weekend . 
Good ending to a bad day ... awesome thunderstorm and the dog who's been here second longest is getting adopted ! Yay ! :) 
AWESOME night at karaoke . Just what I needed ! :) 
wishes she could get her sinuses replaced with ones that don't get infected at the slightest irritant . 
is quite sick of not having a voice ... 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > Beach for a few days ! :) 
Mmm . Hot tubs are nice . :3 
Calamari + curry = awesome . ? 
Last day at the beach ... it's been really relaxing and amazing here ! :) 
just got home . Work's going to be an adventure ... 
I would like to go back to the beach , please . 
It's official : Today is awesome . :) 
is having a great week ... enjoyed the sunshine today and got an unexpected happy phone call ... AND I was productive ! And once again I have awesome weekend plans . ? 
would like to thank whoever got rid of her comfy chair at work for this lovely pain in her back . 
has a grumpy hedgehog . Cue the repeated stabbings . 
Stuff fell off my vehicle ! But the annoying rattle is gone ... Also my tire went flat . All in all a bad day for my Jeep ... but still a good day for me . I went on a tractor ride ! :) 
has a sunburned scalp , no voice left , and is incredibly exhausted ... but it was a great weekend . :) 
So far the best part of my day has been a 34-second phone conversation first thing this morning ... can't wait till I can get out of here . 
had a pretty fun night at karaoke ! ? Now , sleep time ! 
is slightly blonder . :3 Glad we got that done before the lightning started ... 
made it home alive somehow . I can't stay up late like I used to ... 
is watching Giant Robo . ? 
is covered in paint once again ... project time ! 
feels all twisted up inside . :( Lousy day ... karaoke was fun though . Night , internets . 
is once again covered in paint . :) A successful evening ... although I would've liked to go to sleep a little sooner than this ... 
is partially chrome . :\\ 
is glad she went out tonight after all . :) 
just ran outside in the rain with her coworkers . I love my job . ? 
Long day was loooooooooong . But fruitful . ^^ 
I don't think I've been quite so glad to see my living room before . 
Après la pluie , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > temps . 
Day four of feeling like I've been kicked in the stomach . Hope this ends soon . > < 
had a night without screwed-up dreams for the first time in months . Also my stomach doesn't hurt today . Yay ! 
... wow , Facebook . I'm not \liking\ " Daily Jesus . " 
* collapse * 
Off to * historic * < PROPFIRST > Springs tonight for a work thing . Hopefully it'll be fun ! :) 
< PROPFIRST > Springs was really pretty ! < PROPMALE > had fun too . 
is kicking butt on adoptions today ! :) 
o-ya-su-mi . ? 
Sushi at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Buffet ! Hooray ! 
absolutely does not understand this situation at all . O_O 
Sometimes you just need an awesome evening with friends to take your mind off things . Thanks , karaoke peeps . ? 
Busy day . Go go go ! 
Rabbit rabbit seems to have worked . Huh . 
Amazing night for stargazing ... and the occasional illegal firework from houses along back roads . :) 
>:3 
got out of work early ! Woohoo ! 
3:30 AM : when all the bunnies on White Oak Road become suddenly suicidal . 
Aaand 4 AM : When < PROPMALE > decides to break a ceramic bowl in the bathroom , wake up Mom who spends the next 10 minutes swearing loudly , and who really needs sleep anyway ? 
Let the blonde jokes commence , I guess . :) 
had an AWESOME lunch at Mr. Noodle & Rice . Movies later tonight and then new karaoke ! :) 
A day of new experiences ... well , one short , but that's okay . Still an awesome day . :) 
< PROPMALE > smells barbecue sauce . 
Hi . My name is Oni and this is now my Facebook . 
feels like crap . Hope it gets better before tonight . :( 
had an absolutely amazing weekend . But why's it always feel so lonely right afterwards ? Oh well . Gonna crash headlong into Monday at work in a few hours . 
is having a somewhat lousy day , but has some leftover weekend happiness to balance it out . And plans for this weekend too ! :) 
Curry chicken for dinner , a sudden downpour of rain , and a new karaoke show tonight ... 
just feels WRONG working on Thursday . And what's with all these people at our shelter in the middle of the afternoon ? If every person in this shelter right now adopted one animal , we'd be out of animals ! 
My horoscope says I'll get a life-changing opportunity today , and that my future is bright . Hm . 
Life-changing opportunities today : 0 . Dramatic news received today : 0 . Giant bullfrogs saved from the middle of Fairfax Pike : 1 . 
is getting psyched about going to the beach in the morning ! :) 
is on her way to the beach . Yay beach ! 
is back from the beach . Kinda wish I hadn't come back , now . 
Had a dream last night about being 4 inches tall and nearly being squished by everyone I love . Maybe that's why I feel so puny today . :/ 
Curry for lunch ! And < PROPFEMALE > bought it for me ! ? 
Going to my first Leesburg karaoke show tonight . Kind of excited to go somewhere new ... but so not looking forward to work tomorrow morning . ^^ ; 
is crashing hard today . Doesn't help that the shelter is somewhat of a madhouse this morning either ... 
Feeling very blah . Nothing to do tonight . Need to escape and maybe find a happy somewhere . :( 
Into the storm I go ... 
Kinda fun day . :3 Watching A Shot In The Dark ... probably gonna fall asleep doing so . Oyasumi nasai . ? 
Holy crap , Caribbean curry for dinner ! Today is a day for unexpected happy . :) 
Whoo ! Nothin ' like waking up 9 minutes before you have to leave for work . 
Bleah . Chores . :( But for happy reasons . And I'm wearing < PROPFEMALE > ears while I do them so at least it's cute . 
Evening of happiness planned ! Then in the morning , Otakon ! ? 
Having a great time at Otakon despite not being able to sing , apparently . :/ One more day ... 
had an amazing last day of Otakon and even got to spend time with < PROPFIRST > at the Inner Harbor . Kinda magical day . :) Now off to sleep , finally . 
Ah , nothing like a soul-destroying bad day at work to follow up one of the best days of your life . > < I just need to stop coming back from trips . 
No more yapping ... please ... > < 
Went a little crazy writing . Apparently the creative needed to come out in order for the sad to go away . Feeling lots better . ? 
had a pretty good day despite the nasty headache from the incessant yapping . Tomorrow Mom says she wants to go out and do a thing ... let's see if it actually happens . 
Mom backed out on our plans , as usual . Don't know why I got my hopes up . 
Isn't today just a cornucopia of suck . 
Yay , tonight is much better than today was . ; 
And I won't forget the way you helped me up when I was down ~ ? 
Anybody got $4000 they can lend me ? I wanna go to Japan . 
Absolutely wonderful evening ... just enough of all the right happy things . ? 
is in bad need of something fun to do today ... 
Drove to West < PROPFEMALE > , bought flowers , peaches , and old horror movies , held a parrot , and got rained on . Pretty okay day so far . 
got elbowed in the chest by an oversized Papillon ... ouch . :( 
Went shoe shopping with Mom , and had bikers beg me not to go when I left Leesburg karaoke ... haha ! ^^ ; Awesome evening . Feels like the week's turned around . 
Happy birthday Daisuke Ishiwatari ! 
Why can't you haunt my real life as often as you haunt my dreams ...? 
Change of plans . :) 
Texas < PROPMALE > and Broomfoot 4evar ! 
Had curry , watched awful , awful movie . Now time for G Gundam until I fall asleep . 
Awake too early for work . Worried about what's gonna happen . Wish me luck . 
At least now I don't have that pesky job to get in my way . 
Feeling amazingly happy after one of the worst days of my life is worth way more to me than any stupid job . Thank you . 
Utterly exhausted . Ran around everywhere today to no avail . Hopefully a shower and karaoke will make things better . 
Awesome night , wonderful company . This is the most happy and least lonely I've felt in I don't know how long . ? 
Dear self : don't offer to break in Mom's combat boots ever again . Bad idea . 
is growing sick of personality tests for job applications ... sheesh . > < 
Worn out from cleaning ( yes , with cat ears on ) . Karaoke tonight and then awesome happy weekend time ! ? 
Had a great time at the Rockingham County Fair with < PROPFIRST > yesterday ! I got to pet a giraffe ! Today , flea markets and who knows what else ... :) 
has a previously unexpected < PROPFIRST > for another night . Hooray ! Tomorrow , thrift store hopping and THE POOL . Finally ! :) 
I think I signed myself up for the craigslist scam e-mail list . My inbox is full of things that look like replies to job postings but are actually not . 
is feeling kinda useless ... but isn't giving up . 
Gotta go in soon and get my last paycheck , so today might be a little sad . But I got a surprise visit from < PROPFIRST > , so that makes it better . :) 
Totally unproductive day ... but awesome for so many reasons . ? 
Worked my butt off today getting tanks sorted ... Mö is a happy snakey . Time for a shower , and then Leesburg karaoke ! :3 
This hand of mine glows with an awesome power ! Its burning grip tells me to defeat you ! Take this , my love , my anger , and all of my sorrow ! 
I have work as an artist ! and maybe a gig as a backup vocalist ? Today is awesome ! :) 
Dear frustrating , worried thoughts in the back of my head : Kindly STFU so I can be productive . Thanks . 
Oh wow , my Facebook was broken for like three hours ! I nearly died . x_x Karaoke in a bit , yay ! :) 
Had a few vocal gremlins but karaoke was still wonderful . And I got the added bonus of creating what is possibly the finest artistic masterpiece I will ever create . :) 
OMG OMG I HAVE AN INTERVIEW !!!!! 
All twisted up inside ... turn off , nerves . Turn on sleep . 
Alright . It's go time . I'm going to kick today's ass . Getting things done at home , interview's at 1:30 , and after that , there will be creativity . 
So much for that . They ended up giving the job to someone else in their office . The search continues I guess . :( 
The creativity , it fills me with happy ! :) So many new things to think about . No time for worries or regrets . 
It's days like today that make me want to drop everything and just go exploring ... 
Today WAS a good day for exploring ! Took awesome pictures . Karaoke tonight ! ? 
Rush , why are you harder to sing than Iron Maiden ? Sheesh . 
Totally wiped out ! Karaoke was awesome , except for the crazy people who screamed at me in the bathroom . Pretty happy regardless though . :) 
Did some chores , now I feel sleepy . Can't doze off ... must summon energy for karaoke ... 
Tomorrow will be better . No drama , no stress , and my creativity will resurface . And I have something to look forward to . :) 
Thanks a lot subconscious . I didn't really need to sleep ... 
Busy day ahead . Probably should've slept in a bit less . Oh well . Off to < PROPFEMALE > I go ... 
Tonight , challenging songs and a runaway brain . 
My horoscope was super-correct today . 
I don't want to have to leave another cult because I misunderstood the Waffle House menu . :( 
Finally home ... gonna collapse in a pile now , k ? 
Feeling less twisted-up inside is AWESOME . :) 
Off to Manassas today for books and Japanese food and happy . :) 
Happy acquired . Shower , food , then karaoke . :) 
Dear paving crew currently screwing up traffic in my town : stop it . I have places I want to go . 
Nobody at karaoke but me ... 
Oh yay , I have a broken Jeep now . What's next ? 
can't stand this wait ... still don't know what's up with my Jeepy ... and REALLY want to get out of the house ... 
Fabulous . My Jeep threw a < PROPMALE > . They said I need a new motor . 
I have the best mom ever . Everything's gonna be okay . I've gotta find some way to thank her for this one ... 
A good dinner , a long bath , and people who care about me ... nothing else matters for now . 
is mobile once again . :) 
Today , homework . Oh , is there something else going on ? :) 
Home . Exceedingly happy . Can't wait till next Saturday . Sleep time now . 
Oh , awesome . The rental car died too . Just keep me away from things with wheels I guess . :( 
Yeah . Um . Whoops . I might be an idiot . 
Today , roaming . 
has an interview Wednesday ! woohoo ! 
Rawr . Roller coaster day . Off to Blue Fox for karaoke . 
Feeling AMAZING . Look out job interview , I'm about to kick your ass . 
Well , that was less than ideal . We'll see what happens . :/ 
Yay , tomorrow morning my Jeepy returns ! With a new motor ... and a new radiator too apparently . O_O 
has . a . JOB . Still not sure what , though ! 
Gah . Why do story ideas always have to hit when I'm half-asleep ? 
has a Jeep , but not enough sleep . Gonna be a long , hopefully interesting , day . 
So much stuff happening at once . Exciting but exhausting too . Thankfully nothing on my plate tomorrow but karaoke ... and sleeping in ! 
Bad horror movie dreams . Slept too late . Let's see if I can accomplish something today . 
I'm off to Woodstock to inquire about a job ... gonna take the top off the Jeep and work on my tan a bit on the way there , I think ! :) 
Shaking off a less-than-stellar morning ... cleaning the house up before the guys get here , then at-home party , then karaoke party at < PROPMALE>'s! And my horoscope said to stay home and keep to myself today ... 
Hi Facebook I'm drunk ! :) and happy for once ! 
Best . Birthday . Ever . :) 
had a wonderful time with her karaoke people last night ... didn't get so drunk I saw constellations or anything , but definitely enjoyed myself . I wish today were off to a happier start , but it might get better ... sushi for lunch , after all . Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes so far . :) 
Delicious Mexican food for lunch , yay ! They even played the Mexican Hat Dance . :) 
would REALLY like to enjoy herself at karaoke this evening . So Emo-Della , stay the fuck home . 
is ridiculously thankful that she has people who care about her . It's been a really long , really good day . I'm going the hell to bed now . :) 
Gaaaaah . No karaoke . Ended up painting shelves and talking to Mom . She says she's coming out with me Friday night , but we'll see if she remembers . 
Can't find meat-print fabric on the internets . I wonder if it exists ? 
Ah , the sweet release of karaoke . I think the pent-up energy I had was reaching critical mass . 
So frustrated . Can't sleep . Broke my voice at karaoke and still feel like screaming . 
Trapped at home on a nasty rainy day ... motivation = 0 . 
Lesson learned : Don't believe a word Drunk Mom says . :( 
Feeling worn out and old . Bedtime . New month starts now ... hopefully with new reasons to be happy . 
Wow , beautiful day outside ! :) I think today is a day for adventure ... 
has work in the morning . :) 
Oh god , Picture twice in the same night is just not fair . Not even the man who sounds and looks like BooBoo Bear made human can make up for this . 
It's cold this morning and I'm missing my voice ... doesn't feel like I'm sick though . Working 10-2 today . 
First day and I'm already staying late to cover someone else's shift ... also I like how they tossed me back into things with no training . Good thing I remember ! 
home ... exhausted ... gonna collapse now . * flump * 
I can honestly say this is the most tired I've been in a really long time . I am gonna sleep in so late ... 
Yay , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Buffet for dinner and I didn't get sick from eating it . :) 
And the seasonal sinus infection strikes again . :( 
is feeling better , but bored . At least there's karaoke tonight to look forward to . 
Had a blast at karaoke as usual . :) Set my four alarms , got work in the AM . Yippee . 
Awaaake . Bleh . Work 9- 4:30 today . 
hates her job already . Geez . 
Today : fail , fail , and more fail . 
Sinus infection is almost gone this morning . And I haven't really done much of anything to fight it . Awesome . 
Work 12 - 7:30 today . Still hurting from yesterday . We'll see how this goes . 
Woohoo ! off work early ! And today didn't totally suck ! :) 
has today off , and it's beautiful outside ... but so many things to do ! I'll just have to make an adventure out of getting stuff done . :) 
has a land line , with a different number than the old one ... and a new cell phone , with the same number as the old one . :) 
I will learn to survive . 
Working 4:30 - 9:30 today ... might hit up Leesburg karaoke afterward if I'm feelin ' squirrelly . :) 
Weird : Having a dream about karaoke and remembering the songs people sang . Weirder : going to karaoke that day and hearing the same songs . 
Home ... glad I went out ... very excited for a three-day weekend ... but it is SO bedtime . :) 
sang On My Own at karaoke and did it surprisingly well . Had some great < PROPFEMALE > too . I feel like I destroyed a mental block . :) 
Totally laid-back weekend was just what I needed to recharge my batteries . Ready for adventure tomorrow ! :) 
Yay , it's an absolutely perfect day outside ! :) Off to Skyline Drive this afternoon ! 
had the best day ; that's right , I don't care what you did today , my day was the best . :) Rocking out at karaoke , then home to collapse ... 
Broken into pieces and stuck back together again . Over and over . I think the pieces are going together right this time , though . At least I hope so . 
doesn't wanna go to work . :( 10:30 - 5:30 today . Unless they decide to send me home early yet again . 
is covered in glitter . Yay Xmas ornaments . > < 
Nothing like a two-hour impromptu nap to make you feel like you've completely wasted your evening ... 
Work 9:30 - 4:30 today . Bleah . :( 
Rrrgh . I can see karaoke's going to be a rage release tonight ... 
You know it's bad when your cats complain because you came home too late . Awesome evening at karaoke . ? 
Going to go buy work pants ... guess that means I'm not planning on rage-quitting any time soon . 
feels like she's leveled up , and all the right stats got a huge boost . :) 
Nothing quite like a hundred strangers thinking you're awesome . Yeah , the drive was worth it . :) 
Wrote my thoughts down , made sense out of them , and now it's off to work . 2-7 today ... and afterward , who knows what ? :) 
Was completely wiped after work , but feeling muchly recharged by karaoke ... now if the game was going better ... 
Alright , who slowed down time today ? 
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb ? 
Well . Tonight's given me ample reason to smile . :) 
... and now tonight's given me reason to be angry . I don't want to go to bed this way but I'm too exhausted already to get it all out . :( 
So yeah . I woke up to a phone call for an interview in two and a half hours , to a place I sent a resumé to yesterday . AWESOME . 
That went really well ! I'll know by Thursday ... :) 
?????! 
karaoke time ~ ? 
C'mon , today , don't let me down . I need a good reason to be happy . 
Still haven't heard anything and they close in 15 minutes . That can't be a good sign . :( 
sigh ... off to work . Though apparently they haven't decided yet ... so there's still a < PROPMALE > . 
Ah box full of paintbrushes ! It's just like old times ... 
Home from work ... plans were canceled ... tomorrow , I can has the day off . :) 
still doesn't know if she has a new job or not ... and won't be able to ask till Tuesday . Off to Leesburg karaoke , to enjoy the only work-interference-free bit of weekend I have . 
I didn't want to wake up this early but I guess I don't have much say in the matter . At least the sky is pretty this morning . 
senses today will be a battle ... but not one she intends to lose . Working 1:30 -close , then karaoke at < PROPMALE>'s . :) Long day is loooooooooong . 
Off I crawl to work . > < 10-5 today , or 10-whenever I collapse from exhaustion . 
Feeling much more lively now that I'm not covered in glitter and stock room grunge ... and I'm at karaoke so I'm in my happy place . :) 
just saw a really bright shooting < PROPFEMALE > while driving home and had a hard time deciding what to wish for . Only two things I really want right now . Maybe I can get both . :) 
Can has new glasses next week . No can has new job . :( 
RIP , < PROPFIRST > the Octopus . :( 
Can't quite shake this feeling ... but I'm not going to let it win this time . 
Work 1-close today . B-Dubs after . Tonight needs to be phenomenal . 
Rawr ! I is kitteh . Why I no can has a grammar ? 
Yay , awesome night even though work was poo as usual . :) Oh well ! Time for a sleep . 
just got to run a kids ' crafting demo ... we made feathered masks . I thought I would hate it but I actually had fun ... found something awesome about my job today , hooray ! 
extremely productive day . very happy that work is starting to suck less . got a good day planned tomorrow . now for sleep ... 
I'm going slightly mad ... 
Running THREE kids ' events today . awesome . :) 
Getting ready for an epic evening . :) Also , I get to dress up for work tomorrow . I really wasn't expecting that . No idea what I'm gonna do just yet ... 
Rah rah ah ah ah ! 
Sigh ... beaten by a tranny . Isn't that how it always goes ? 
Worn the hell out , mentally , physically , and emotionally . What a state to go to work in ... 
Having second thoughts about my costume ... my hair is MUCH too big . :/ 
is all hippied out . Groovy man . :) 
So many things to do and no motivation or focus . Even when I start something I can't finish it ... Why is everything so daunting today ? 
Staying up till 5 is not the most conducive for productivity the next day . I appear to be afflicted with The Lazy today ... 
Off to get my new glasses ! yay ! :3 
Wow , the doc wasn't kidding when she said my new prescription would make things look really weird . Also I think they make me look a little nerdier . :/ 
I'll play too ... Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are . Leave a ONE word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR 1st name ... No repeats ! It can only be ONE word ... then copy & paste this on your wall so I can leave one . 
At work till 3:30 ( halfway through already , yay ) then home to get some actual work done . Karaoke tonight ! 
Yeah , today is amazing . :) I won the awesome award for today after all . 
Bravery is apparently easier to learn than < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Work till close , then rocking out at Leesburg ... whee ! 
Think I pulled a muscle lifting big heavy plastic cases today ... oh well , still enjoying karaoke as best I can . :) 
I just hit the high note in Heartbreaker . I couldn't do that before ... 
Yay , sleep and a shower seem to have fixed my back . Working 12-8 today , then < PROPFEMALE>'s pajama party after ! :) 
Don't be fooled by the brave and cheerful exterior I put up . Some old wounds are easily ripped open , especially ones I caused myself . 
Had an experience last night . Not looking to repeat it ever , EVER again . But I thought I'd feel much worse this morning than I do . 
Gotta go to work now ... till close . Augh . I still feel really damn weird . This'll be interesting , that's for sure . 
Still feeling weird . I really thought I'd have shaken this by now . But I'm in this fog of stupid and I can't figure out how to be smart again . :( 
Everything's twisted up again . I thought I had things untangled a while ago but everything just knotted back together . 
Having lunch with < PROPMALE > ! Yay ! :) 
Worst wake up ever . Kidney stone . Fuck my life . 
Woke up late , with no voice , and my kidney's still issuing complaints . Off to work ! 10:30 - 2:30 today , so at least it's not a long shift . 
dear customers , I am not sick , I only strained my voice . Please stop acting like I have the plague . 
Y 
I'd listen to my brain a lot more if my heart didn't drown it out . 
Four and a half hours till work . I need to be productive today ... 
I must really look like I know where stuff is today ... 
Sigh ... so unnatural being home on Friday night . I'm tired , though , and my voice needs the rest , so I'll probably fall asleep soon . Meh . Tomorrow shall be epic . :) 
Morning , Bookface . Working 11:30 - 6:30 today and then < PROPMALE>'s tonight for karaoke and happy ! :) 
Pockets are a good place for a unicycle . 
Was having a pretty terrible day till I went out to karaoke ... problem solved . :) Off tomorrow , looking to get into some kind of mischief ... 
Aaah , I just missed a phone call for an interview with some dude who said he got my resumé in the mail ... except I've never heard of him and I remember pretty much all the ones I actually mailed off . :/ And he didn't answer his phone when I called him back . 
Yay , dude called me back ! I has an interview Wednesday afternoon ! 
Had an * awesome * conversation with Mom . Heading to Blue Fox in a bit ... a lil ' early so I can actually catch the whole game for once ! :) 
Cleaning ... getting a new mattress soon ! < PROPFEMALE > ears : on ! :3 
New mattress on Thursday ! Woohoo ! Now who wants to help me test it out ? :3 
Just got a glimpse of my work schedule next week . I'm going to end up in jail . :( 
Interview time . My nerves just went \aaaaah \"." 
Interview was ... interesting . :/ Not sure how that one's gonna come out . Not bothering to get my hopes up . 
Home in time for a nap before my new mattress gets here . Yay . :) 
Hey ! It's 11:30 ! Time to drag loud heavy things down the sidewalk ! Woohoo !! 
11-6 today ... hoping it's busy so it passes quickly . 
I has a tired . Home for a little bit , then off to Leesburg for karaoke . :) 
Everywhere you look there's a painful reminder ... 
10-5 today , then off for 3 days ! Also < PROPMALE>'s tonight ! :) 
Drinking coffee and enjoying it ... guess I'll need an \adult\ " card now . " 
Why do we never get an answer when we're knocking at the door with a thousand million questions about hate and death and war ? 
Woohoo ! Way to go Redskins !! 
The kaiju monster of doubt is raging through my Tokyo . 
Shaking off last night's nasty thoughts ... I'm gonna be productive today , and tonight's going to be amazing ! :) 
I think I finally get it . 
Found a < PROPFEMALE > old-school Casio keyboard at a thrift store . The demo on it is \Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go \"." 
Today doesn't count . Tomorrow's going to be better , too . 
Watching Flash < PROPMALE > and enjoying a midnight snack ... the evening turned out okay after all . :) 
Any lunatics out there want to come buy craft supplies at 10:45 tonight ? Come on out and visit me at work ! :D 
Home ... feel like I've been beaten up , and I seem to have screwed up my ankle again ... so not looking forward to tomorrow or Friday ... but still , I'm thankful I have a job ... and amazing friends . And an awesome mom , too . :) 
Awesome dinner ... glad Mom got it together before I had to go to work . :) Feeling happy despite not really being able to spend the whole day with Mom like I wanted to . Bout to go fight an angry mob at Michaels ... it'll at least be an exciting way to spend four hours . And I'm getting paid extra for it . 
Part one of the battle wasn't bad ... not as busy as expected but still plenty crazy . Part two in T-6 hours ... considering a catnap but it probably isn't gonna happen . 
Been writing for the past four hours ... and my brain just keeps tossing out stuff . May have to rejoin this after work . As for right now , it's GO TIME !! Time to kick some Black Friday butt at work ! 
Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee I had espresso this morning <3 
What good is sleeping after work when all you do is dream of work ? blargh . 
Leveling up . 
3-whenever . 
Wow , got home at around 7:30 and Mom's already obliterated ... I'm almost worried to leave her like this , but sticking around won't do me any good either . :/ 
Sleepy time . Mm-hm . 
is about to run a kids ' birthday party at work ... never done this before , but it's gonna be fun ! 
Today is a good day at work . :) And I'll be done with it in two hours , yay ! 
testing 123 can anybody hear me ? 
Aw . The high note in Run to the Hills doesn't even phase me anymore . Gonna have to find a new adrenaline rush song . 
Internet seems to be working again , yay . Off work tomorrow ... gonna dedicate a portion of the day to learning some new songs for karaoke . :) 
I don't know where this good mood came from . I don't think it's mine ... I think I found it under a rock . Whatever , I'm keeping it . :) 
Short day at work today ... and awesomeness to look forward to tonight . Just wish it weren't quite so gloomy out ... 
I guess this isn't cold November rain anymore ... but it's still cold . And still probably hard to hold a candle in . 
Augh ! Why does Benadryl always knock me out like this ? It'd be nice if it actually took care of the problem as well ... 
Dear everyone : I am okay . My sinuses are infected from my allergies and I had to take Benadryl , which makes me sleepy . I am not sad or upset . But thank you for worrying about me . <3 
Relaxing with a cup of peppermint tea and my lappy . :) Nice quiet evening in , hopefully it'll knock some of this ickyness out of my system . 
Wish I felt better already ... hopefully staying in today and resting will make me feel better by tomorrow . :/ 
Snow ! 
Working 1-8 , then < PROPMALE>'s tonight ! Feeling a lot better too ... not quite 100% but way better than the last few days . :) 
I assure you , under this coating of glitter and pine cone debris , my heart still beats , my mind still functions , and my spirit fights on . 
Woohoo ! Wide awake at three AM is EXACTLY what < PROPFEMALE > wanted to be today ! 
Work till 5:30 . Making stuff out of duct tape & pipe cleaners today . Hopefully some happiness will be derived from this . 
Nothing like standing in front of an open door for seven hours when the wind chill's down to 19 degrees ... if I wasn't sick before I probably will be tomorrow ! 
They say that absence makes the heart grow fungus ... 
More days need this kinda turnaround ... I started off depressed and pissed off when I left for work , and today's been nothing but awesome . :) 
Off to work in a few . Be out at Blue Fox around 10:30 or so . Hoping for some excitement ... 
Oh man , unexpected happiness after work is the best . Karaoke was AWESOME . :3 
Had a great dinner out and some good company for the evening , so today is a happy day too ! :) Also Mom bought my humidifier for me , so maybe I'll be a little less prone to respiratory death this winter . Yay . 
Had a small adventure today , yay ! Working 6- 10:30 again ( blarg ) and then karaoke at BDubs right after . :) 
12-7 today , < PROPMALE>'s tonight ... it's gonna be a long day , but hopefully a good one ! 
Yay , no work tomorrow . Time for sleep is now till whenever my body decides it's done sleeping . 
Holy crap it snowed overnight ! I knew it felt like snow ... 
I finally figured out why I feel so off tonight . I didn't eat all day . I feel really stupid now that I figured it out ... 
Food in stomach : check . Happy from karaoke : check . Ridiculously comfy , warm bed : check . Good night . <3 
Feels like I'm just spinning my wheels . I'm trying real hard to get out of here , but I can't gain any traction . 
Mom decorated for Christmas without me . 
I was just in a dark room with two dudes ... 
Found my phoenix down . :3 
Beat ... don't wanna think about working that shift again tomorrow . Gonna wrap myself up in my blankets till I'm a human coccoon and sleep till I wake up . Goodnight , world . 
Go away , it's too cold to come out of here and I'm still not a butterfly yet . 
4- 11:30 again . Any loonies wanna come out and buy glitter glue and yarn at 10:30 , come on out . 
Sore and tired but not sleepy ... just give up , consciousness , I need rest . 
I love you , pretty multicolored bottles of paint . You're so happy and colorful ........... hmm , perhaps I should've slept more . 
I'm gonna crash so hard once I get home ... 
oh bed , I love you so much . you're warm , soft , and you always wait for me . ? 
So much for \a dusting \"." 
I'm 30 < PROPMALE > from home , halfway goofy and I'm gonna sing country music . This is gonna end well . 
Saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > on the way home . :) 
Manassas & Fairfax today for Xmas shopping . Oh yeah , let's do this . :3 
Penguin watches do not cure wet balls . 
I feel like I've been put through a wringer this evening . Pounding headache and backflipping stomach , please , PLEASE go away . I don't need you to deal with right now . 
I slept for over 12 hours , had nightmares , feel absolutely rotten physically and emotionally ... off to work in retail Xmas hell I go ! 5-close . No karaoke tonight , either . 
Eating some pizza and then , bedtime . Screw you , metabolism . 
Today is awesome ! I traded off my crappy Thursday night shift AND I get to spend the rest of my shift today playing with Crayola stuff ! :) 
Chinese food , baking cookies , and karaoke in a bit ... yes , this evening seems to be on par with the awesome theme today . :) 
Feeling a bit icky . Time for sleeps ... g'night , Bookface . 
I'm actually motivated to do stuff today , hooray ! Baking cookies , doing laundry , and wrapping presents too . May as well take advantage of the one day I have off this week ! :) 
Yup , high notes in Bathwater still hurt . 
Yay eclipse ! :) Fuck being rested for work , I am witnessing an astronomical phenomenon with my friends . 
Tonight ... was ... awesome . :) I'm really fucking exhausted and work's gonna be miserable tomorrow but damn it , I had a blast this evening . 
Headed to work at one ... BDubs tonight ! Yay . 
I am Glassbot , the worst robot . BEEP BEEP SHATTER 
Work in five & a half hours . Somebody call me at 8 and make sure I'm awake , lol . 
Work till 5 , Clearbrook Park later tonight , then < PROPMALE>'s for karaoke ! Today at least feels better than yesterday did . 
No park , too exhausted . Had a catnap , going for a shower now , then < PROPMALE>'s if I can stay awake ! Come on , second wind ! 
Bed ~ ?! I missed you ... 
12- 6:30 today ... I got enough sleep and it's gonna be crazy , so it'll hopefully pass quickly ! 
I got a present from Jeeeesus . 
Going to Leesburg for Xmas < PROPFEMALE > karaoke ! Maybe I'll run over < PROPFEMALE > on my way home . :D 
sleep time . love you all . ? 
Bout to go eat Christmas brunch with Mom . Hope everyone's day is whatever they want it to be . ? 
Whooo ... I have been a lazy < PROPFEMALE > today . Thinking I might venture out after dinner and play with my new camera . :) 
Feeling kinda wiped out ... gonna eat some dinner , grab a shower , then out to Blue Fox for PJ night . :3 
Feeling emotionally and physically crappy . Hopefully sleep fixes it . 
Alright . I'm finally awake . I need to not be lazy today . 
Productivity win ! Even though I didn't finish everything , I still got a lot done today . Now to clean myself up for karaoke later ... :) 
Owls . So many fucking owls . Why are they everywhere ? 
I still ( by some strange miracle ) have a job ... I'm on next week's schedule ! Finally something positive ! :) Work 2:30 -9 , and BDubs tonight for karaoke ! 
My muscles say they hate me but all in all a good day ... finally . :) 
Off to work till 4 . :) 
I sense a crash coming on ... 
Tonight , high notes ... but surprisingly awesome ones . :3 
Sleep time . Last day of 2010 , prepare yourself . 
Last year I happily left 2009 behind , thinking 2010 was going to be great , full of new adventures . Not that it wasn't full of new adventures , but ... I'm glad 2010 is gone , and just hoping things are better in 2011 . There's not really that sense of eagerness to start something new anymore ... just hoping things don't get worse . 
Thank goodness I'm off tomorrow . Tonight , however : karaoke toga party !! :) 
... hm . 
It seems my ship still stands , no matter what you drop , and there ain't a whole lot that you can do ... 
\Pay It Forward for Creative People\ " : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update . HERE'S THE CATCH : You must in turn promise to post this and send something you made to the first 5 people who leave a comment to your update . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 ! :) " 
O-kaaay , I do believe it is minimalistic adventure time . :) 
Home from my adventure , quite successfully . :) BDubs in a little while . Yay ! 
Lousy day , awesome evening . Now to sleep for several hundred years . 
In the mood to rock out . :3 
It is snowing really heavily around Leesburg , and not a flake here . At least only half my drive home was terrifying . 
Work till 7:30 , then < PROPMALE>'s tonight ! woohoo ~ 
It's 53 degrees in my room ... since apparently while I was gone the power went out and my heat was off . Who's gonna come keep me warm ?! 
I think I liked it better when my dreams were subtle . O_O 
Worked my only day this week , woohoo . Now to dress myself up like a lunatic and go to Blue Fox ... hopefully more than four of us actually do this tonight so I don't feel like a loser . 
rawr 
Ugh , got some sorta trojan horse program . I think I destroyed it but now I get to wait several hours for all my security programs to run . Whee . 
I have successfully accomplished absolutely nothing today . Blah . :( 
Agh ... running a fever and feeling all woozy and crappy . Can't make myself sleep either , apparently . :( Lovely the night before the convention . 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > I go for four days of nerdy madness . Whee . 
Dear fever , please go the hell away . I would like to actually go have fun . 
I always lose < PROPFEMALE > with being sick , but when I've paid money to go somewhere and enjoy myself , it's even more frustrating . 
Owl hat !! 
Elevator ride with < PROPFIRST > St. John ... on the way to the panel he's hosting that I'm attending . :D Awesome ! 
Match Game ! <3 
Despite being sick as hell the first few days and now dealing with a twisted foot , I am still mostly enjoying MAGfest ... even though I feel like an old lady . 
I got to sing Holy Diver in front of a HUGE crowd , got a hug from one of my favorite internet celebrities , and I HIT THE HIGH NOTES IN BATHWATER ! So happy . :3 
Nothing like coming home from a pretty okay trip to drunken psycho Mom . > < 
I had an awesome time at MAGFest , but it is great to be back . ? 
Of course the first day after MAGfest I'm working truck . > < And my sinuses are still adjusting so customers think I have the plague ... 
Can't sleep ... don't even really want to . :( 
Off to Gaithersburg for fun & adventure . :3 
I had quite a successful trip ! :) Can't wait till next week now . 
Off to < PROPMALE>'s for karaoke and a hopeful continuation of today's awesome theme . ? 
Fail . Epic fail . > < 
Sooo looking forward to going home and showering ... I'm sick of sparkling and doubly sick of customers . Only 1 more hour . 
Karaoke : miracle cure for a rotten day of work . <3 
I'm really tired of fake people . To anyone who's pretending to care about me for fear of hurting my feelings , or to look like a better person , just leave me the fuck alone . I don't need you . 
If < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > were here , he'd say I was baking happy little cakes . :) 
Antisocial and exhausted do not make for a productive < PROPFEMALE > . Going to bed early ... maybe some sleep will help and tomorrow I'll wake up and kick butt . 
rawr ! :3 
cooked an AWESOME dinner . ? Now for someone to show up and appreciate it ... 
Delicious Todai sushi for lunch because it's SOMEONE's birthday ... :) 
Home ... finally ... almost a little glad there's no karaoke tonight , don't really wanna go back out in that . 
Go away , winter depression . You suck . :( 
Lost an hour , plus I don't go in till 2 now ... oh well , who needs money anyway . 
Expanded my repertoire a lil ' bit tonight . :) And hey , < PROPFIRST > Barbee , I finally sang Led Zeppelin ! 
Pretty awesome day with friends . I has a happy . :) 
I'm gonna try to replace my own headlight today ... we'll see how it goes . The directions I found make it seem really simple . 
I ended up buying a tool , but I fixed my headlight all by myself ! :3 
Junk food and a kaiju movie . My evening just improved . 
Work 10-5 . :/ 
There is never a bad time of day for Froot Loops . 
sleepytime . :3 No more work till Thursday , so I'll have to find something to get into this week . 
Heck yes , work called and wants me to come in and work 8 hours ... wait , what's that ? 10-6 ?! Oh , they called at 9 this morning and my phone just now told me about the voice mail . > < 
It's cloudy and raining , so I don't think the groundhog's going to see his shadow today . So ... come on , spring . :) 
These donuts taste like rice . 
Thank goodness , a happy night , finally ! :3 And happy for all sorts of reasons . Goodnight ~ ? 
Off to work ... 12-5 today . Yay truck shift . 
Super-exhausted , plus I'm working the early shift tomorrow now so I'll have to wake up at 6:30 in the morning . > < It's too early to crash for the evening , but I am so close ... 
rawr . sleepy time . 
Woohoo ! I don't work Sunday ! :D 
I did NOT get enough sleep to deal with today ... 
Pretty pretty flowers ... 
Home at last . Got the next three days off . :) 
Justice is swift . And pointy . 
Hm . Everything's off balance ... 
Hoooly crap , awesome tax return this year . :D 
Sure , I can stay home today ... I didn't need hours . > < 
I would like a new subconscious please . 
Feel like I had a bad luck day , but at least this evening was pretty okay . :) Off to sleep for a few hours , work at 7:30 in the morning ... joy . 
Braaaaaiiinnnss ... 
Got my state refund already ! ^^ Now for the fed to show up ... 
Yay , I did a brief artistic thing this evening ! Now to actually care about it enough to finish it tomorrow . ^^ ; 
Feel like I could sleep for another six hours .... oh well , off to work for seven or so . 
< PROPFIRST > Black , what did you do to your hair ? You look like a boring businessman . 
It's so pretty outside ! I'm all motivated to do stuff ! But ... I already have plans for the rest of the day ... at least they're fun plans ! :) 
Working 1-6 . Truck shift , yay . > < 
Got a perplexing phone call on my way to work . And work seems like a cheerful distraction today . Happy Easter everybody ! 
Sleepytime at last .... 
Off for a small bit of fun & adventure before work @ 2:30 . Boooooo closing shift . 
Apparently just speaking like I normally speak is very offensive and I should be fired for it . 
So tired ... rotten day at work ... time to collapse for a few hours and then get up and do it again tomorrow . > < At least there's karaoke happiness to look forward to . 
Quick , someone clone me and then send my clone to work so I don't have to go . Also clone my Jeep so she has something to drive and I don't have to stay home . 
Sent home early ! Ordinarily that'd irritate me but I'm not real broken up about it . Free beautiful day off ! :D Now what to get into ... 
Everything seems really off-balance . 
71.2 degrees . Why the hell am I inside ? 
Today has greatly outshined the rest of this week . I feel like myself again . :) 
The birds are chirping , it's a beautiful day , and I'm going out to lunch with a friend . Also I don't have to work today . Woohoo ~ ? 
What a day ... bit too much to think about before bed . We'll see what my subconscious has in store for me tonight . No more green giraffes , please . 
Off to work . 2:30 -close again . Bleah . 
Need fun and happy please . :( 
Sgt . Frog till I fall asleep . Another thrilling day of work tomorrow . 
Work again . I guess Tuesday and Wednesday are my weekend this week . 
Dear self : don't bring things you haven't tried for lunch anymore . :( 
Work . :( 
It's apparently bring your screaming hellspawn to the craft store day . > < 
Ow . Ow ow ow ow . > < 
Ugh , I hurt all over . Stupid ice . > < 
Whyyyyy did I give up my day off today to work a 7-hour shift ?! I still feel like crap from the day before yesterday . > < 
Flowers are pretty <3 
When I let my head lead my decisions , it's always wrong . But my heart's usually wrong too , at least so far in the short term . So I guess I'm going to have to start listening to my feet . They say they're tired . I think I agree . 
Off to another exciting day of work ... 
What's that ? I have to be at work in 6 hours ? Maybe I should sleep . \ 
\ 
.... Naaaaah . 
So yeah , definitely going back to sleep when I get off work . Only an hour & a half left though . 
Slept for a whole hour and a half , wow . Just lying here listening to the wind whistle now . Not sure what to do till this evening . 
So yeah . I've lost 15 pounds since January 1st . :) 
YES ~ ! My time off request was approved ! BEACH in less than 2 weeks ! :D 
Can't believe I managed to wake up before noon . Now to go finish baking stuff for my coworkers . 
Ugh . Today could've gone so much better . Now it's work's turn to take over . 
Today was kind of a massive pile of crap , except for Blue Fox ... thank goodness I'm off for the next three days . Hopefully they're productive ones . 
Shit . 11 hours of sleep later and I still feel like I've been hit by a bus . I've got to do something about this . :( 
Thank you , trance music , for allowing me to be a productive < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
HOLY FREAKING CRAP there was just a huge spider on my leg and I kicked my leg and it went somewhere and I don't know where it went !! 
Could just ONE THING go as planned today ? 
I seem to have had my e-mail hijacked ... if you get an e-mail from me that just has a link in it , PLEASE don't open it . 
I think I've finally snapped . 
Work . Trying not to lose it today . 
Ready for a lazy evening in . Got a lot to do tomorrow . 
Note to self : Don't use aromatherapy bath if you aren't ready to fall asleep yet . I can't believe I fell asleep so early and actually slept for almost 12 straight hours ... 
Beach plans ~ ? Yaaaaay ~ ! So excited ! 
At least I got the most important thing I needed to do today done , plus I got my plans mostly ironed out ... nope , I do not feel one bit bad about lazing around this evening . :) 
tsuki ni kawatte , oshioki yo ! 
Work time ~ ? 11:30 - 7:30 . 
Work 10-4 ... maybe it'll pass quickly . 
I'm getting paid to play < PROPMALE > teacher today ! Awesome ! :) 
It's official .... my sleep schedule is totally messed up . 
I've got kitten blood . >:3 
Augh . No , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , I cannot sing your songs at karaoke . 
Two days from now I'll be at the beach ... for now , work 2- 7:30 . :/ 
Eek , I've been reblonded ! Early bedtiems , got lots of things to do tomorrow . 
I don't want to dream anymore . 
Bed soon . Beach in the morning . The feeling of dread I've had all day can go away now , please . 
6 AM , you got here too early . Come back in 4 hours . 
On my way to the beach ! :) 
Beachfront hotel ! 
Good morning beach ! I'm so happy I'm here . :) 
Wonderful , happy day at the beach . :) And two more to go . 
Another beautiful day ! :) 
Another beautiful day gone ... home tomorrow night , but one more day of adventure awaits . :) 
I may as well try and catch the wind . 
My heart is filled with determination ... the only way to move now is forward . No more stagnation . 
< PROPFEMALE > Asian for dinner , then Blue Fox for karaoke , then hanging out w/ Miss Nicci ! Fun plans tomorrow too , hopefully . :) 
Ikea !!! <3 
Watching hokey 60s Batman and making some cakes that look like unicorns . Plus also earlier there was Ikea and McKay's too ! Today is full of awesome . 
really wishes she could eat a whole meal without having her stomach reject it . > < 
Not going to let the things I'm afraid of define me anymore ... 
Bed time . A laptop is a crappy thing to cuddle with , but at least it's warm ... 
work ... truck day ... blarg . > < 
One day without some sort of emotional breakdown this week would be really fucking super . 
sleep . up too early in the morning for more stupid work . > < 
Less than an hour of work left ... then lunch with < PROPFIRST > ! Yay ! :) 
oyasumi nasai ... 
11-6 today , then off for four days ... 
My G2 leaked and now my lunch has been dyed partially green . The horrified look on the faces of customers walking by the breakroom while I eat is priceless . 
Drawing time ! Since I'm too poor to go out . T_T 
I can draw ~ ! ? I thought I'd forgotten how . :) 
Off to work to help throw a birthday party . I wasn't supposed to work today , but I couldn't say no to a fun day of work . ^^ 
Sigh . Slept through half the evening , missed one thing I was gonna do , and I'm too poor to go out to karaoke , too . > < 
Who would've thought that being asleep for three or four hours in the evening could lead to not being able to sleep at night ? Hahahaha ugh . > < 
Sometimes a happy phone call is all you need to turn your day around . :3 
Happy plans for tomorrow night , but Saturday ... please hurry up and get here . 
On my way to < PROPFEMALE > for foreign karaoke :) 
off to sleep for 6 months ... wake me up for my birthday please . 
stupid dreams . :( 
Cat ears are on till 8 . Can't afford to waste any more time . 
Off to work , 11-5 ... at least my back doesn't hurt like it did yesterday . 
I'm not sure whether I should be upset , afraid , angry , or proud . All of them at once is a bit overwhelming . 
Karaoke in WV ... because fuck being home . 
I'm glad some happiness was derived from my evening . I still don't know what the hell is going to happen , but at least maybe now I can sleep . 
No time for worrying or thinking too much today . Just gotta work hard and get stuff done . :3 Awesome weekend ahead . 
A < PROPFEMALE > net is a death sentence . It's a net and it's < PROPFEMALE > . 
I have defeated the closet monster . Victory to the girl with the cat ears on . >:3 
Working 9-2 ... wasn't originally supposed to , but hours are hours ! :) Can't wait till this evening . 
Home from work , Monday shift successfully deferred ! Let the weekend of awesome begin ! :) 
Relaxing , comfortable day of happy . Yay . :3 Off to make awesome Japanese food now . 
All good things must come to an end ... but it won't be long before happiness returns , right ? Off to work , 12-7 . 
A shower , then karaoke ... hopefully it's a happy night , I'm already missing a certain someone . 
Request for happy denied . I even got pulled over on the way home for no particular reason . Oh , and I don't even have the $16 I need to get my Jeep inspected tomorrow ... totally forgot that it cost money to get that done . > < 
... bedtiem . Gonna cuddle Aslan . No bad dreams tonight , kthnx . 
Off to thrilling and exciting work yet again . Till close tonight , then at 6 AM tomorrow . Ew . 
Grrr ... why can't I sleep ?! Only 4 hours till I gotta wake up anyway ... I guess I'm sleeping tomorrow afternoon . 
Dear 5:30 AM , suck it . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Helping Mom learn how to internet so she can find a new job ... 
Wow ... day felt like it was crawling along , and now it's already 1 AM again . Time to finally get some rest ... not really much going on this weekend , unfortunately , but maybe something good and unexpected will happen . 
Just requested off Apple < PROPFEMALE > weekend ... it feels weird being excited about it , and highly unnatural . :) 
All of a very crowded IHOP applauded me for flicking a creamer off < PROPFIRST>'s head into < PROPMALE>'s water glass . :3 My night was made . 
Not too much success at the flea market ... but at least my friends did well ! But no lunch and no sleep make for a slightly grouchy < PROPFEMALE > . 
Waiting for my Jeep to get inspected ... guess Monday's a bad day to get it done . Wish me luck ... if it's broken I don't know how I'm going to get it fixed . 
My Jeepy passed inspection !!! Woohoo ! :D 
Twas a beautiful day , and even the rain feels good . :) Goodnight all . 
9:30 - 1:30 today . Off I go . 
I am really fucking tired of being lied to . 
Why do I feel so icky ? Nothing really horrible's going on ( well , that wasn't already going on ) , but I'm really tired and crabby . Must just be lack of happy . :/ 
Okay , officially excited for the weekend . :3 Off to B-Dubs for karaoke to inject a little more happy into my evening . 
12- 5:30 today . Then home to do laundry and pack some stuff for the weekend . Hopefully work doesn't completely wear me out . 
Yay , I'm home from work , exhausted as hell , and Mom's in full-blown moron mode , complete with the stereo up way too loud . Guess I'll just hide in my room . 
Sleepy collapse time . Ready for a great weekend ... just gotta make it through work tomorrow . :3 
Today can stop being a bad day any minute now . T§T 
Work is poo but I had lunch with < PROPFIRST > ! :) And my weekend officially starts in an hour and 45 minutes ! Woohoo ! 
In Fairfax with < PROPFIRST > ! :3 Tomorrow : Sakura Matsuri !! 
< PROPFIRST > is the best one , and has a massive wang . 
Out enjoying the sunshine with < PROPFIRST > ! You should be very jealous . :) 
Todai for lunch ! :3 Yay ! 
Despite having to say goodbye to < PROPFIRST > , it being horribly rainy , my allergies deciding to finally rear their spiky little heads , and having to work ... it is a wonderful day . 
First night without bad dreams in a really long time . Didn't even move in my sleep ... must've been really exhausted last night ! 
I am appreciated . :) 
I still can't figure out if watching my snake yawn is adorable or terrifying . 
Stupid sinuses . At least I have my tissue octopus to cuddle . 
At this rate I'm going to be a quivering pile of goo by the end of the week . > < 
Work from 6 AM till they let me go home today . And work tomorrow too , now ... I've got to be out of my freaking mind . 
I just woke up . And I was terribly confused about what day it was . I had a lovely dream , though . 
11-7 today . Kinda glad I gave up my day off to go in today , as I would derive little enjoyment from being stuck at home on a rainy crappy day . 
... now what ? 
Not feeling like myself . Can't quite pinpoint what's wrong . Lack of social interaction , feeling burned out from work , or just feeling fed up with this whole situation ... or most likely a combination of everything . 
Friends and bacon are a wonderful cure for the blues . :) 
It looks like a beautiful day outside ... I'm glad I'm off . :) 
Two more days of waiting . :( 
Well , I managed to wake up on time . Off to work for my lovely 6 AM shift . 
Monday and I'm already picking up hours . :) Awesome . 
Soooo yeah . Interesting evening . ^^ ; Bedtime now , work in 6 hours . Bleah . 
4 AM , I remember staying up till you . I don't like waking up at you . :( 
I didn't really want to come back home and go back to sleep , but this rain is highly oppressive . :( 
Whoever said \No news is good news\ " can suck it . " 
o m f g 
Aaaaand now I'm green . 
I'm so glad I don't gave to get used to this sleep schedule . I don't like sleeping for 5 hours in the middle of the day . :( 
Tiem for a normal sleep . :) 
Thank goodness , only 2 hours left . > < Did all of Winchester have the day off today or something ? 
No more truck days . :D 
Sorry , Future < PROPFEMALE > . Present < PROPFEMALE > wants some kind of happy and karaoke is likely the best she's going to do . 
Here's hoping karaoke , IHOP , and a shower are a good enough substitute for sleep to get me through my shift that starts in an hour . Probably not . 
36 hours since I slept last and I'm still more coherent than my mother . > < 
' Cause I need freedom now , and I need to know how to live my life as it's meant to be ... 
Thank you , Google Maps , for making this trip awesome . 
Spending Easter with < PROPFIRST > ! :) And my room seems to have been invaded by peeps . 
First day of official managerdom , here I come . It seems to be off to a good start . 
Must resist urge to fall asleep after work ... something fun to do would be nice this evening . -_- 
Work in an hour . Maybe today will be better . 
No . Not better . 
10:30 -close . Wheeeeeeeeeeeee . 
It's rare that I can come home from work totally exhausted and still have a smile on my face . It was a hard day , but it seriously paid off in the end . :) 
One incredibly strange dream and one really scary one do not make for a restful night's sleep . 
Beautiful day to share with Andrew ... and Lis for a while , too ! Hope the rest of the weekend is this nice ! :) 
Had a lovely day in < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > ! :) Tomorrow : Apple < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Had ( gasp ! ) fun at Apple < PROPFEMALE > ! Helps that < PROPFIRST > was here and I always have fun when he's around . :) 
My room is empty again . :( 
Off to work till 7 . Time to put away my sadness . 
Under pressure . 
Off to work ... let's see what today brings . 
Rainy Tuesday night , could you BE more boring ? 
Why is it that I can't manage to stay up late on my own when I actually want to accomplish something ? Ugh . Goodnight , I guess . 
One more day of madness , then I'm off for two days . Thank goodness . 
Mom has a job interview this afternoon . Go Mom go ! 
Hmm ... what to do this evening ? And tomorrow and Friday for that matter ? :/ 
Since when did I become the responsible adult in this household ? 
Why can't I focus on anything but what I've screwed up ? This isn't a useful mindset , but it's one I seem to be completely locked into . It doesn't offer any solutions , just makes me feel terrible . What is the purpose of this ? 
Not having a good brain day ... maybe some karaoke will solve this . 
I'm a cold-hearted possum murderer . :( 
The first Friday in May is No Pants Day ... 
I'm just gonna let something brand-new happen to me ... 
Goodbye , safety net ... hope I don't need you . 
I don't belong here ... 
I feel like an impostor . An angry , bitchy version of myself . This isn't what I'm like ... 
