why do people make it so hard to find them ? 

mission accomplished !! 
went to bed at 5:30 am got up at 10:00 ... today will be fun ... 
The old start the wars and the young pay for it 
found a good swimming spot in California ... who woulda thunk ? 
Watching american psycho ... 
I can almost smell the salt water !! 
clearwire internet service is the worst there is ... DON'T GET IT !!! 
shake your ass , watch your self ... I thought I told ya'll niggers before ya'll niggers don't mess with me -scarymovie 2 
hmmm this is harder than i thought 
100 bottles of soda on the wall , take one down , pass it around ....... 99 bottles of soda on the wall ...... 
His shoes are a terrible disgrace 
He's fat and lazy and extremely rude 
home , here again at last ! 
i don't wanna go to school yet !! 
my computer is working again ... woot !!... 
gone away for a moment if you need me just wait for a few minutes 
i don't have much of a plan for this weekend except sleep in till 10 ... boy do i like weekends 
it is 95 degrees today ... at the fire department it is 91 at the airport !!! 
school makes me wana cry today .. 
special weekend !!! 
you know those days where it seems like the universe is fighting against you ... well in reality thats just me sabotageing your day to make myself feel better ! 
the sky is Grey , i want it to be blue , the ground is wet , I want it to be dry , I am at school and i want to be home .. man this isnt my day for getting what i want ... 
CRAP , i am a day behind ! i thought the second was a Monday .. turns out it is tomorrow .. that means i go back to camp pendleton tomorrow morning ... darn 
well im at the airport getting ready to go back ... grandma and grandpa said to get there early so i thought 2 hours would be enough ... sure enough it took me about 6 minutes to get to my terminal , now i have 2 hours of nothingness . better safe than sorry i guess :D 
Going back to pendleton ... Not going to be on my phone or anything else tool the weekend . Back to work time sucks :( 
I would like to apologize to the person i pissed off last night .. you know who you are and i just want to say I'm sorry !! 
ahh i am weird .... no I take that back you all are weird and i am the only normal person here .. 
YES !! finally the last day of my high school career ! I am going to miss everyone ... by the way , 26 days till boot camp ! 
Its done , I graduated highschool and waited one day before moving out of Coos Bay .... yea thats right , I am no longer a resident of Coos Bay . I live in Portland now and up till I leave for basic next month .. WOOOOOOTTTTT !!!!! 
I asked God for a bike , but I know God doesn’t work that way . So I stole\ 
a bike and asked for forgiveness . 
sergeant < PROPMALE > cup tomorrow in < PROPFIRST > !!! RSS Roseburg/Coosbay ( me AND CREW ) got second last year ... we will win it this year !!!! 
I got in a fight one time with a really big guy , and \ 
he said , “I’m going to mop the floor with your face . ” I said , “You’ll be\ 
sorry . ” He said , “Oh , yeah ? Why ? ” I said , “Well , you won’t be able to \ 
get into the corners very well . ” 
HOLY crap we did win !! 
Whenever I fill out an application , in the part that says “In an \ 
emergency , notify : ” I put “DOCTOR” . What’s my mother going to do ? 
A lie is a lie even if everyone believes it . The truth is the truth even if no one believes it . Why must they try and lie ? 
yeah , Off to the portland airport !!! 
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism . To steal from many is \ 
research . 
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of \ 
captivity , they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool \ 
and throw them fish ? 
I like work . It fascinates me . I sit and look at it for hours . 
OK folks , I will be heading into a dark hole -with no internet access- for about a week . If you would like to get hold of me my number is 541-294-2887 . Be back in about a week ! 
well , it turns out i am going to bootcamp this sunday so i will get back to your messages in about 3 months ... SURPRISE !!! 
HI !!!! going to be in portland tomorow(@ 2130) ! filally get to see some friendly faces for the first time in 3 months ( i am sitting in a bowling alley right now on family day for the next two hours ) cant wait till i go home ! feel free to write me . talk soon 
P.S. I am now officially a United States < PROPFEMALE > !! 
you know you are in for a rough time when your on vacation and go to bed at 0400 and your version of sleeping in is 0715 ... CRAP ! 
it was cool as soon as i got the the san < PROPMALE > airport after graduation i went to a bahas and ordered some food and a lady next to me saw i was in my blues and she payed my < PROPMALE > .. my first meal as a < PROPFEMALE > was Free , sweet !! :) 
Lindsay\ 
Lohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity addict . Justin\ 
Allen , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , \ 
21 , Zachary Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke , ...... 23 , \ 
and ... Sheldon Tate , 27 , are all Marines who gave their lives this week and got ZERO media attention . Honor THEM by reposting 
In the end , it's not going to matter how many breaths you took , but how many moments took your breath away 
finally heading home !! 
hey folks anyone out there ? 
Sweet this is my first mobile post ! 
Sweeeeet 3 in the morning and still packing ... Work will be fun tomorrow running off like 2 hours of sleep ! 
Ahh the suspence is killing me ... I learn in 15 < PROPFEMALE > if i get one more week here or if i go to camp penelton tomorrow :O 
Sorry im late ... I get on my plane at 6 to leave for camp penelton ... :( 
hey folks feel free to contact me at 5412942887 because i will be leaving on 5 hours and be gone for 5 months .. but get to have my phone 
Im on an airplane out of here ... Kinda sucks but the upside is it took me 30min to get through the airport 
Switched planes in san < PROPFEMALE > ( damn this town is gay .. ) :) going to be at work in mere hourd 
Made it to san < PROPMALE > in one peice ... And its raining ! 
I will update my pictures whenever i can but i cant filter the high quality from crappy 
I will only be able to update anything on the weekends most likely . Stay in touch ! 
Please text me at 5412942887 ! So bored at SOI . :) 
Pvt < PROPMALE > rex ... delta co , itb , soi ... po box 92055 3rd platoon .... My address . Send me mail please 
Hey I just bouhjt a droid x phone 
Blah 
Start training monday ... day one is tthrowing grenades .. :) 
Yeah this past week I have thrown grenades used night vision while shooting on the move used thermal goggles and shot about 500 rounds from my rifle ... 
damn it , I cut the whole side of my thumb off . That's a bad start to my day !... and a bloody one too 
I wish I could look into the future and tell you things are going to be prefect , but I cant . All I can do is look at the past and say it will be better than that 
Ok people here is the deal . for the first time in my life i was unable to partake in halloween ( and it sucked !! ) so what i need from you is pictures of you in your costumes . I may not have had a haloween but I still want to see yours . the easiest way to do this is send it to my phone at 5039393461 however anyway you can get it to me would be great 
Ahhhhh back to training .. this week sucks .. 12 hour class then test ... all week :( text/write me so I have something to do next weekend ... if I don't die of bordom 
i wish i were able to go back in time and change a few things .. nothing serious just a couple silly mistakes ... 
going to food ... be back in 30 , contact me on phone if you need to get hold of me . Cheers ! 
I go to eat , and was looking forward to something sweet . however when i get there , I had to hit a little snare . I walked up to the door and with the grace of heaven , the food lady told me \were not open ' till eleven\ " :( " 
WOAH .. I was just reminded my birthday is in like 3 days !! what the heck has this place done to me so that i forget something like that ?... anyone have any suggestions what i should do ? ( if so message them to me please ) :) 
ok folks here is the plan ... people have suggested a few things i do for my birthday but i am still looking for the \yeah thats what i will do !! \ " suggestion .. please help :) " 
Too whom it may concern ( only like 1 person ) i will be getting up around 8 
Now that iv had a full night sleep .. and shower ... Still looking for bday event ;p 
I decided that next week will be when i celebrate my b day .. tomorow i need to work and no time to play :( 
about to take my 4 hour duty shift , i get off at midnight . It would might nice if someone was here to greet me when i get off ... :D 
I did what i was told , ended up freezing cold . I hurried back here , looked far and near . sadly there was no one to be found , and now i lay on the ground . I lie here and wait , thinking about my home state . I miss all i know , and this job is starting to blow 
I wish i could be a bird .. the freedom sounds awesome 
loggin off this for work if you need me in next hour text me ... otherwise talk next week ! 
thanks for all the birthday wishes ! and the < PROPFEMALE > corps even gave me a birthday gift .. i got promoted ! ( it was actually just great timing ) 
Accuracy by volume !!!... this is what they teach us when using the machine guns :) 
ok here is what you do after grabbing a grenade ; pull grenade , throw pin ... O'Crap!! 
who won the game ? ducks i hope ... :) 
its been hard to get hold of some of you , but i want to say happy birthday to those i couldnt get hold of in the past .. and those to come that i may not be able to address 
one of the best lines in any movie is from scary movie ... \MOVE BITCH GET OUT OF THE WAYYYY !!! \"" 
you know what the worst part about having a High is ? its always followed by a low . :( 
will be back around noon , please someone have my riddle solved :) 
There was a empty room with not a thing in it . that includes windows and/or any objects\ 
except for a door for people to come in or out . From the floor to the \ 
ceiling was 10 feet , and from wall to wall was 10 feet . \ 
\ 
There was a dead man in the middle of the room . He < PROPMALE > him self and \ 
underneath him was a huge puddle of water . From his feet from the floor \ 
was about 4 feet . \ 
How did he < PROPFEMALE > himself ? 
you are in a room with no doors or windows to excape from . there was 3 things in the room , a light from the ceilng , a mirror and half a board . how do you excape ? 
ok here is my problem can you solve ... i must get home but i have a 100 foot tall wall that is 1000 feet long in my way .. how do i get home ? 
mwahahah take that overpriced internet corperations !! i mastered the arts of tethering .. even on a 1x network !! free internet everywere !! 
My best friend goes to bootcamp tomorrow .. I know he can make it ! 
yeah !! for you who dont know i will be going home in a couple of days !! 
2 weeks off ! 
\most people lie on there death bed wondering if they ever did anything worth remembering . A < PROPFEMALE > never has that issue\ " -unknown " 
ok Gang , i am going through the airport security as a civillian today , hope for the best !! i also deleted my phone and started over and forgot to save most of the phone < PROPFIRST > . please message me at 503 939 3461 with a name so i can re-add you :D 
I think that time hates us more than we hate it ... its always running away from me and seems to hide in a place i cant find 
last thing before i go .. Firefox 4 beta 7 is pretty freaking awesome !! 
i have found that i only have have had only one question throughout my life .... Why ? 
my version of a good time right now is popping a few sleeping pills and hitting the rack :) 
FUC# , this is going to be the worst Christmas ever !! i lost my wallet in the wallmart parking lot ... in cottage grove and it had everything from my school ID to my Social security card , 3 debit cards ( one is a temp and needs no PIN ) , millitary ID ... ect ( my whole identity ) i cant get on a plane without an ID and i cant get an ID without a social security card and i have to get back on a plane in 1 week .... AHHHHHHH ! 
digame welder some good news remove or wat after all just put it a trash bag for some reason ... god I'm relieved even though i cancel all my cards already 
Ok gang god news .. found my wallet in the trash ! :) so relieved even though I already canceled alllll my cards 
Just downed 3 spike energy drinks in 5 minutes ... it says to not drink more than one per day ... wonder what's going to happen ? 
Still here watching die hard series ... man he is hard to kill ! ;) 
ahh sleep is good , so is cheese :) 
i cant decide what i like more ... giant explosions and big guns , or technology and computers ... its a tough one 
what makes life worth living ? you come in , do some stupid crap , do some cool crap , and some of us even do crap the make the next generations life \better\ " .. but whats it all for ? are we here for a reason or is it just another thing that we humans can waste time doing ? " 
( POKE)me if you ever had a crush on me or still do ( LIKE)This status if you think I am a good friend ( MESSAGE ) me if u ever wanted a relationship with me ( COMMENT ) On this if we have had good memories . NOW LET'S SEE WHO'S BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS AND PUT THIS UP AS YOUR STATUS :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > has this really neat dog .. it has a few problem ( not house trained ) its not very old .. i wish i could take her down to camp pendleton 
why does my timing suck so bad ? is this my curse .. show up 5 minutes late and/or show up 5 hours early and decide to come back later .. then show up 5 minutes late .. AHHHHHHHHH some body save me !!! 
Really¿ You people are lame ... only 0130 on a friday and no one is awake ? What the heck ... i guess this means I have to go to bed at a reasonable time :( 
next weekend i am in < PROPFEMALE > ... 
HOLY CRAP !!. the LAX keeps loosing power and im stuck at the USO here ... yes thats right the worlds biggest airport keeeps having blackouts .. im not kidding it may even be more than jkust the airport but all i can see is the airport .. 
Made it here in one piece ... its reallly cold but thee is not too much snow 
In < PROPFEMALE > and the stupid 3 hour time coherence is messing with my sleep schedual 
you know my great achievement this weekend ? i watched 5 seasons of Dr. Who :) 
You know what sucks .. my work day started 4 hours ago ... For you guys that was 1 am , for me it was 4 . Damn time difference ! 
ok dudes and dudets , I have a very important announcement for you .... I FREAKIN WIN !!! 
Sweet , today had a high of 28 ... awesome .. NOT ! 
WOW , I just realized something !!! i get to see the sunset 3 hours before you all do !! i feel special 
3 types of people on this earth .. those who lead .. those who follow .. and those who get rolled over because they try and just blend into the background . what are you ? 
So , i have decided to do some community service .. im going to build a playground for little kids tomorow .. its like 30 degrees and raining but awe well .. 
The sun haas berm up for an hour already here ... 
This may be the only message I send today to anyone ... Community service went well ... Now tomorow morning I go to humvee school ! :) 
At humvee school now ! :) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWaqvvQ2wMU&feature=player_embedded ( courtesy of lennart ) 
Ok gang , i need your help . I am trying to find two graduate ( high school ) girls willing to talk to the < PROPFEMALE > recruiter ... if you are interested , or know someone who may be interested please send me a message . dont be shy ! trust me its a pretty good deal . like i said just send me a message via phone or facebook . :D 
I need yall help still ( yeah i said yall ) 2 graduated females that are wondering what the marines are all about .. please send your infinate wisdom this way inside a message :D 
bed time now . still looking for those 2 female grads .... * hint hint * 
I would like my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right . Just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status and prepare to laugh :-) 
Back to my time travel issue .... i wish i could change so many things !! i know that the experiences through life -both good and bad- is what makes a person who they are ... but i am not sure what to think about what i am turning into , what i have now , what i have lost and most importantly , what i wish i could have ..... :( 
Live forever , or die trying ! 
does anyone else remember the good old days when i < PROPFIRST > and painted ? was not that long ago ... hmm probaly not most of you ... but i am thinking about picking that back up ... i have too much free time and no one i remotely like enough here to spend it with , so i will just have to lock my self up and do something on my own 
1st person to like my status - You can dare me to do anything . \ 
2nd person to like my status - I'll write I love you on your wall for 3 days straight . ( if i remember)\ 
3rd person to like my status - I will answer 5 questions . ( Inbox Only)\ 
4th person to like my status - Can choose my profile pic . \ 
Put this as your status . 
been watching movies online , just realised i have been signed into facebook all day at the same time , so for those who sent messages sorry i didnt reply .. didnt even know i got them 
I dont like Personal things in public or where public can hear/read(\will you marry me ? \ " in a busy restaurant \") or people not saying what they want to whom they want (\" I wish i could < PROPFEMALE > out with him .. \ " VS saying \ " Hey*insert name here*want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? \ " its hard to tell if\ " them\ " or\ " she\ " is directed to you or someone else . I dont want to sound conceited when I respond because you think that the status was talking about you .. " 
super bowl starts at 630 for me ... i may get to bed late tonight 
I have come to realize that people like me make people like you look normal ... I think that may be the greatest quote i have ever made , its true and makes since so even people like < PROPFIRST > can understand it .. lol 
About to go on a 100 mile humvee drive .. yea , so much fun ! :) 
i miss people .. and life .. and people in my life ... ok starting to confuse myself here .. its been a long wonderfull ( did i mention long ? ) day 
bed time is good .... and late Night gang 
Going on another long drive right now ... didn't know about this one , kinda sucks because I am not prepared 
For whome it concerns .. I will < PROPFEMALE > flashing my droid and installing the sapphire rom around noon ! There is a < PROPMALE > my phone gets fried .. 
well im outy 5000 for a while .. still uploading things though so stay tuned 
Check out my new stuff .. pictures and video ... Humvee school is the name of the game 
sweet i broke my laptop , gues im going to be buying me a real nice one soon to replace it 
I love meeting new people , i met someone this way today , all you have to do is find someone you never knew and start talking to them ... some people are shy about things like that .. not me . :D 
“Is God willing to prevent evil , but not able ? Then He is not omnipotent . Is He able , but not willing ? Then He is malevolent . Is He both able and willing ? Then whence cometh evil ? Is He neither able nor willing ? Then why call Him God ? ” – Epicurus 
Wal mart ;; A store where you can buy a shot gun , ammunition , a ski mask , a baseball bat , a meat cleaver and a chainsaw all in one place ... 
ok done cleaning , 0820 here right now and just getting to bed lol had a great night though . :D 
happy valentines day !! <3 
I just did the math .. From here to home is 3148 < PROPMALE > away ... 2 days 4 hours driving so about 43.7 days walking .... :( 
UPDATE : i forgot to add sleep time in .. walking would take me 56.6 days ... XD 
I am watching superman batman apocalypse ... not a bad animated movie ... but there are things i would much rather be doing ... O.o 
you never know until you try ... so you may as well try until you know .. 
good night gang ... hope everything is better tomorow than today .. today wasnt bad its just that better is always .. well better 
http://www.break.com/index/awesome_folding_chair.html 
Gott , warum hassen Sie mich ? 
starting my LONG drive in a few minutes . i wont be back until after midnight so i will talk to you tomorow .. doing an off road part .. yeah mud :D ... and a night drive without any lights , using night vision goggles . ttfn 
finaly im back ... 12 straight hours of driving XD but it was off road .. i have lots of pictures and videos :D 
uploading videos from my phone , please dont text me yet or they will stop and start over ... lol 
I just realised i was god , when did this happen ? Well , I was praying and I suddenly realized I was talking to myself ... 
uploading videos now ... hope they finish by morning .. 
woot the new laptop is awesome .. and grandma , i got the watch =) thanks 
* yawn * its bed time for this devil dog ... im so * yawn * tired . good night world of internet crazies , we will catch up tomorrow i promise 
We are the best of the best . we insanely rush to the danger and always strive to get there first . Unfortunately , we have do the thing that every one sees as immoral , Killing . we dont do it because we want to , we do it because we have to . People need the best protection they can get in this crazy world of today , and that is exactly what we are . We are the United States Marines . 
If you love me , comment on this status . \ 
If you think I'm a good friend , like this status . \ 
If you ever had a crush on me , poke me . \ 
If you hate me , message me and tell me why . \ 
If your not scared , post this as your status 
woot about to watch blueray ironman and blueray minority report ... i sure do hope i heal fast 
I feel like there is something missing from my life ?... oh yeah , YOU ! :) 
where do i take life from here ? 
I hate my life right now ! i have so much i want to do but cant . I have so much i cant have but want .... Im tired of not being able to do anything about anything . I have so much i am wishing for right now ... 
im so sneaky :D multiple desktops in class to let me on here while \working\ " so when the teacher comes over to see what im doing and looks at my open apps he sees the desktop with my work but has no idea this is open ... mwahaha " 
o'god im so tired ... sleepy time for sure . may not ever wake up though- im that tired lol 
¡¡ ?? p ????? s ? ? q o ? ? u ? o ? s ? s ??? ? o ? ?? u ??? ou uo ?? p ?? ? o u ?? 0 ? p ?? s ?? ? os u ?? o ? q s ?? ? u ????? ? u ?? s ?? ??? ? no u ? n ? ll ????????? p ??? u ? ?? ? nd o ? ? u ?? ? ???? l u ?? 0 ? ? uo ?? p ? u ? n ? pu ? ? s ?? ??? u ? ? u ???????? ? nd ? ??? p < PROPFEMALE > ? l ?? op o ? ? u ?? pu ? ?? po ? dn ?? o ? ? ' os 
i want to do something that i cant do . there are sometimes i wish i had super powers ... 
i wish i were not such a weak man and give into my cravings so easy .... 
I only want one thing .... if i could have that one thing my life would be 1000x better and each day after having that one thing would be 1000x better than the last .... what is that one thing you ask .... I cant tell you yet , its my little secret for now .... however one person knows .... 
Bastards got our libo taken tonight . Blanket party tonight ! 
No libo for 2 days ... Starting today :/ 
ok well i dont want to get everyones hopes up , because its not set in stone yet ... still room for error .. bu it looks like i will be moving up do bangor washington for work ..... its 7 hours from coos bay , 3 hours from portland and only 1 hour from < PROPMALE > :D 
Staying at the < PROPMALE > suits hotel for a couple days ... its so nice here :D 
So , i just got my skype up and going ..... 
so , i have been swimming all day . i forgot how much fun swimming was :D 
I dont want prayer , i dont want moral support , i dont even want your love ... what i want is for you to believe in me and what i am doing , and please dont worry about me because i have only been good at one thing through out my life -taking care of myself . this is a skill i have protected and embraced and now have mastered . I will be fine :D 
im confused .... should I ... or shouldnt I ? 
omg i got the flue shot the other day and have been sick as a dog ever since .... 
time to crash .... hope it doesnt hurt to bad XD 
i need someone to help me out with a problem im having , what kinda taco should i eat ? 
wow , im sad ... not a single status update today .... :/ lol 
goodby cruel world !! i go to sleep tonight with the hope that i will wake up to a nicer place :D 
i go to bed with the hope that when i get on at 6 tomorow i have lots of comments on this !! :D (* hint * hint ) 
tonight is a night of firsts , its the first time i ever went to sleep when i didnt want to ... 
AOOD tomorow ..... 16 hours of duty ... damn i am going to hate life .. no libbo tomorow or sleep for that matter :( 
about to go and wathch battle : LA 
getting a vehicle .... please offer suggestions :D 
Tonight is a sleep night ... No phone or anything , just sleep ... Have fun everyone ! :) 
.... my post where did it go ?.... 
Hey ... great news ... I'm going to be stationed in bangor washington in 2 weeks ! :) 
ITS THE WEEKEND !!!! :D 
im going to bed early on a weekend ... damn i am beat . i am looking at the nissan juke right now ... i like the way it looks and seems like it would preform well 
bad news for me ... stay tuned after i wake up to find out what this heart breaking news is ... 
Im back !!! :D test were all a success .... also i ran into someone i know here ... 3148 < PROPMALE > from home and still manage to run into < PROPFIRST > Shipp . hahah life is full of wonderful surprises ! 
tired , hungry , and sore .... this is one of the better nights here :D 
Just did my planing stage of our attack on the town ..... About to start the 24 hour assault ! :) no more elector untill wednesday day ... 
so good news and bad news ... good news : going to bangor today .... bad news i almost went to a federal court for assault today ... i made some choices i probably shouldnt have 
now that im at Bangor navel base in washington ..... 
i love to fly , but hate that i always get sick afterwards 
ok ... half way thorough the week .. im updating my friends list saturday morning , please send a message if you would like to stay on my \exclusive friends list\ " :D it looks like i am going to go down to about 20 or so right now ... but i wouldn't mind a larger number " 
is it bad that i fell asleep at 9 so i could wake up at 5 and eat breakfast early ? 
