Just passing this along .... Don't drink and drive ... and don't ride with anybody who does !! Tipsy Tow offered by AAA : You Don't have to be a AAA member from 6pm-6am on new years eve/day they will take your drunk self and your car home for FREE . Save this number ... 1-800-222-4357 . Please re-post this if you don't mind =) 

HAPPY NEW YEAR BABIES ! 
Time for bed babies , I hope you all have a wonderful time , stay safe and out of jail ! i'll see you all in a few hours , Happy New year , take care and God bless ! 
all day marathon of NCIS , let's see ... full day of < PROPMALE > Jethro .. can't think of a better way to start a new year lol 
Finally gave in and joined , ( that's what happens when I can't get into Pogo ) lol 
Everybody is at work .. I have the entire house to myself . WooHoo ! I wonder what I can get into LOL 
Why is it that the older I get the longer my \naps\ " last ? " 
Saying prayers for all of our < PROPFEMALE > n soldiers and their families , this Memorial day week-end . God bless < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Freedom is not free ! If you don't stand behind our troops , please feel free to stand in front of them ! God bless < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Please take a moment out of your day to say a prayer and remember our fallen heros . Freedom is not free , and they gave their lives for YOU . 
Had to take a break from Pogo p.c. third week in a row watching cars go around and around .. my head is spinning ! lol 
Gotta go to the pharmacy for my monthly refill , then to Mamas to treat all her dogs and cat with Frontline . I'll be back later this evening . 
I wish I could be at the Gulf coast helping them save and bathe those birds and animals . :( 
Watching the news and seeing the beaches and those poor birds , just makes me mad enough to spit ! 
All the kids are gone to the beach for the day , hoping they get there and back safe and sound . 
I'm gonna be a great Aunt ... wonder which one will get here first . 
i became a great aunt again this morning about 11:20 .. Miss Madilynn came into this world at 9 lbs . 12 ounces , via an emergency C-Section . Mama and baby both doing fine last I heard . 
Criminal Minds marathon on all day and all night on A&E , looks like I have my day and night planned . LOL 
I'm now officially addicted to YoVille .. Please .. send me energy by the 12 packs if possible . LOL ... Thank-you in advance ! 
Happy 4Th of July < PROPFEMALE > ! To all my friends .. I hope you have a wonderful day , stay safe ! 
< PROPFIRST > needs their friends to vote for their room ! 
Sure wish fb would get their mess together , a homepage being 9 to 12 hours behind in driving me insane ! 
Warning !!! \ 
Virus spreading like wildfire on FaceBook !! It is a trojan worm called\ 
“koobface” . It willsteal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! \ 
Do NOT open the link “Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal” ! If “SmartGirl15”\ 
adds you , don’taccept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds\ 
... her ,......... then .......... you get the virus too !! Copyand paste to your\ 
wall EVERYBODY !!!.. 
Six new puppies this morning , been a loooong night . 4 Dapple girls , 1 chocolate male and one black and red male . < PROPFEMALE > is a great mom , but also a pure slut . she got knocked up while in a crate .... ggrrrr 
eyes are trying to close on their own . Guess it's time for a power nap . I'll be back among the living in a few hours . 
spuods ?? \ 
o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? \ 
? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , Hope you both have a wonderful Day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers today . Just remember , she will be waiting for you on the other side of the bridge . 
To all of my buddies that are not casino city friends , I'm sorry if my posts are bombarding you ... ( smiles real big ) you know you could come join me LOL , or just hide the CC posts . I'll love you either way ! 
I have just accepted a BUNCH of friend requests , lol < PROPMALE > John ... I only play MyFish , Fishville , Yoville , Casino City and Blackjack Blitz . Those few games take up most of my day and have me neglecting Pogo . If you want to friend me in those games , just let me know . I'll be happy to do it , at this time I have enough on my plate . Thanks in advance everyone . Hope to get to chat with you all . Take care and God bless you all ! 
have a wonderful morning Babies , Good luck , and God Bless . I'm gonna take another dose of meds and see if I can get to sleep . If I can't , I'll see you all in a little bit ! 
to all my Casino City buddies , I'm so sorry , but due to some glitch facebook may or may not post chips . I'm sure I'm not the only one . Good luck everyone ! 
5 a.m. time for a power nap , IF I can get to sleep . Everybody have a great morning , have fun , take care and God bless ! 
how are ya'll getting the share to work in CC ? I keep getting a blue and white box that never says \publish \"." 
As I have started accepting people I have never met as fb friends , I have noticed a trend of posting profile pics exposing more breast than anything else . Women , you are way beyond the age when that is flattering . Honestly , have some self respect , find a pic that shows your eyes and smile , NOT your breasts hanging to your bellybutton . 
HUSBANDS WEEK : If you have a husband who makes your life\ 
interesting , full of fun and is your best friend . Who's been with you\ 
through thick and thin and who has been a blessing in your life . And to\ 
whom you are PROUD to be married to . Copy and Paste this to your status\ 
... 
Good morning my facebook buddies ! God this is usually when I am falling asleep lol . Got a full day ahead sitting on a hard wood bench watching a murder case . Wish me luck ! Hubby says I'll only make one day of the trial ( Gotta prove him wrong ) lol . I do love a good challenge !! Everybody have a wonderful Day and I will see you all later this evening . 
Up and at it again , short night reinstalling puter protection and still defragging . I'm trying to get this 2nd cup of coffee gone so I can head to court , and the bank , and the pharmacy lol . Not doin to bad for a \ shut-in\ " LOL Have a great day my friends and I'll see you this evenin when I catch up with everything . TTFN " 
Could'nt sleep , now it's time to get up and start getting ready for court , closing statements and hopefully a verdict of GUILTY in the < PROPFEMALE > trial today . Have a great day and I'll see you all after the verdict comes in . 
Trial is over !, He was found GUILTY and sentenced to life without any < PROPMALE > of parole ! YAYYYYYY ! Showed absolutely NO emotion thru the entire trial . State of NC gets to provide Cezar < PROPFEMALE > with 3 hots and a cot for the rest of his natural life . Just wish he hadn't hid in Mexico . Extradition from Mexico means he could'nt face the needle which is what he deserved and I believe he would've received it . 
Still trying to recoup from my 2 weeks watching the trial . Those benches kicked my ass ( literally ) I know I'm somewhat behind on gifting , and I appreciate all the gifts ya'll sent me . I'm trying to catch up so please forgive my tardiness in responding to some of ya'lls requests . Thanks ! 
Does anybody know where the Right deck and the cellar are in the Lake House in Yo ? I have searched and can't find them anywhere , but the room completion table says that they are supposed to be there . 
I'm ready to give away a kid and a psychotic chihuahua .. any takers ? 
Well ... I do believe that is gonna be my last CC post . I seriously need a power nap before running errands in 3 hours . lol .. NOT looking forward to it . Take care my friends , Have a great day and God bless you . I'll \see\ " you again in a few hours . " 
everyone seems to be weighing in on the bonus check app . MY TURN !. not only does it slow everything down but you still have to accept one at a time . So what is the point of having it ? Turn it OFF people ! I post ALOT of XP & tokens for CC I rarely redeem any , I get energy and stuff for Yo , and this app . is to the point of driving ME insane . I'm no longer able to scroll and redeem Yo stuff . 
To my CC friends . Due to the excessive postings from the Bonus checker app . I have hidden CC from my < PROPFEMALE > . It was that or block everyone using the app . because of this I can't see any postings so can not respond to any . I'm not ignoring you , just can't see you . 
alrighty , time to put on make-up and get ready to face people . Hubby and kids taking me out for dinner . Should be back in a couple of hours . 
Again , Thank You Babies for the birthday wishes , along with being full from dinner I musta moved wrong , neck is stiff and getting a helluva headache . Gonna call it a night , see you all in the morning . 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
been trying to accept and send gifts to my CC friends , facebook is having problems again so I am so sorry but will get gifts reciprocated asap . 
My youngin loves me lol he brought me a 4 oz . super chunk chocolate cookie LOL .. Like I need a 4 oz cookie :) 
I'm being summoned to Pogo , so will be back shortly . Don't know if I hit my 10 drinks in CC , but I tried . it's kinda like picking out a single fancy guppy in a tank of 1000 LOL , Be back shortly ! 
' m baaaack ! lol 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > , Hope you have a wonderful day ! 
Good nite my babies , Suz , GL tomorrow , I'll see you when you get here . I'll be waiting . Good luck to all of you that are gonna spend the night up playing games , take care , God bless and I will see you all in a few hours ! 
would be nice to actually find a casino when i click to go play in one . 
Well my friends , it is now 3:43 in the morning and I have errands to run in a few hours , have fun , take care and God bless you all . I'll see you in a few hours .. Lord willing . 
If your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad ever ; whether you are blessed to still have your Dad with you , or if he is an angel in heaven ... copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him dearly !! Dad , I miss you every day ... Love you forever ? ? 
I'm having a helluva time trying to gift in both Yo and CC , when it comes to \sharing\ " it just ain't happenin . Is everybody having this problem ? " 
Gotta go finish my badge in Pogo so will be back later , hopefully by then I'll be able to share . Have fun my friends ! 
If I could get at least one of these dogs to give up a couple of inches of my couch I could roll over and get some sleep . LOL .. So far none of em will budge . :( 
Good night My Babies , drugs are kicking in , Thank God ! Time for a power nap . See you all in a few hours . Have fun , take care and God bless ! 
It is now September , 11 th , the day that changed the United States , her citizens , her fears ... As we all go about our everyday errands , please stop and say a prayer for all the innocent lives lost 9 years ago , a prayer for all the surviving family members and for ALL of our military personnel , fighting to keep it from happening again . GOD BLESS < PROPFEMALE > AND ALL OF HER CITIZENS ! Pray we never forget ! 
Does anybody know how to write on the white boards in Yo ? I've got one but am completely stupid on how to use it . lol Any info will be greatly appreciated . 
FOX NEWS ! 
Thank You very much < PROPFEMALE > , have a great day , Take care and God bless you ! 
Thank you for the friendship confirmation < PROPFEMALE > , :) 
I NEED HELP ! I bought a whiteboard in Yo , but I have no clue how to write on the datblamed thing . I've tried everything I can think of . HELP PLEASE ! 
Would really appreciate it if when someone summons me to another loaction , knowing that I have to open a completely different browser ( thus slowing my puter ) or completely close out of what I'm doing .. to open the new browser , That that person would STAY where they summoned me to instead of poofing and returning to fb . It is rude , and I've just made my last trip . 
Bedtime for me , headache comin on , have a great night my friends .. see you tomorrow ! 
My Yo friends ... I seriously need a silver key ! the siver chests and keys go away again in alittle over 3 hours .. Please !! would rather have to many keys than to many unopenable chests .. Thank-you ! 
Thank you for the silver Keys babies .. I really appreciate it ! 
CC is'nt letting me post drinks tonight , sorry Babies ! 
I reloaded CC and am now able to share Wooo Hoooo ! 
I knew that casino was gonna give me some good play when I noticed my grandbaby on her profile pic . I love you my Midget ! 
Well , My babies , the sun is UP , gotta get meds AND I'm supposed to meet my room-mate from 1982 for coffee . wish it was under better circumstances . ( the doctors have given her mother 5-10 days < PROPMALE > , due to renal failure and internal bleeding ) . So could you all say a prayer for < PROPFIRST > He'bert and her family , not for healing but for the strength for what comes ahead , Thank-You in advance and will see you all later today . 
Well Friends , time to get up and dressed , and out to get meds and meet a friend in need . Wish I did'nt have to , lower back is hurtin like a BIG Dawg , but she will need to sit and drink coffee with a willing ear . Will hopefully be back in a couple of hours . Take Care my friends and hagd , till we meet again . 
Hello My babies , I am now officially back . And on my way to gamble !. Today turned into a med run as < PROPFIRST > was held up with friends of her mothers visiting so she could'nt leave . Are we ready Babies ? Time to go to Casino City ! WOO HOOO 
I am so sorry for dbl post . still getting the < PROPFEMALE > of the photo album stuff . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > , You are my Babygirl and very special to me ( always will be ) I hope you have a wonderful birthday ! I want you to know you ARE very SPECIAL , and I LOVE YOU ! Happy Birthday Baby ! 
feel like I need toothpicks to hold my eyes open . But .. I have to wake youngin up at 4:30 so he can get to work on time . I need LOTS and LOTS of (__) ? coffee ! lol 
another hour of fighting sleep so I can wake up that boy lol probably hit a 3rd wind by then and be wide awake . 
Woke the kid , now it's my turn ... see ya'll when I wake up .. hagd , tc and God bless ! 
Hubby put up dinner , hard cooking when he gets off at midnight , and he usually leaves the clean-up to me lol . Youngin needs to be woken up at 4to 4:30 AGAIN so time to gamble !! Here we go ! 
Okay Babies , this is a little preaching session here , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > needs co-signers to get a new house . I know you are all busy with your different games , as we ALL are , but honestly .. Is'nt the point of having friends so that they can help each other ? PLEASE . anybody who has'nt signed , Do it now .! Thanks ! 
Okay , People .. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > needs TWO more to co-sign .. It won't put you out or cost you anything .. LET'S DO IT ! SHOW EM WHY WE HAVE \FRIENDS\ " IN FACEBOOK ! Thanks in advance .. let's get this DONE ! " 
Thank You Babies for all the help . You are the bestest EVER ! <3 
Goodnight My Babies , sorry to those of you that did'nt get returned gifts in BJB , PB and CC .. My eyes are shutting on their own and I promise I will catch up later today .. Time to check my eyelids for holes . See you all in a few hours . HAVE FUN 
off to spend the next couple of hours sending and receiving , wish me luck .. If I'm not back in 2 hours .. send in the national guard ! lol 
Okay Yo Buddies , Here we go again . < PROPFEMALE > needs a new house . You can find her on my friends list if she is'nt on yours already .. LET'S GET IT FOR HER . Thank-You My Babies ! 
Happy Birthday Babydoll . Hope you have a wonderful day ! 
Well , my babies .. sun will be up in a few minutes so guess it's time for me to sleep ( don't wanna burst into flames lol ) . Once again .. Happy Birthday Dewdlebug , I love yew ! Happy Birthday to you too < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > so very much for being one of my fb buddies . Hope you have a wonderful day .. both of you ! 
To my BJ blitz buddies , < PROPMALE > for the chips , I have been trying to send and receive for the last couple of hours and it is taking forever to get back to the main < PROPFEMALE > .. I will return chips as soon as they get it fixed . Thank you for sending em to me . :) 
Well my Babies , it is once again that time of the morning , gotta check my eyelids for holes . lol ... see you all back here between pogo badges tomorrow . Have a good night , take care and God bless . 
well , seems sleep was not on my agenda , soooo , here I am again lol this is becoming a bad habit ! LOL 
okay , I'm supposed to send out a minimum of 10 drinks a day in CC right ? Then Ya'll need to SLOW DOWN and let me click on you LOL 
Well my Babies , once again the meds are FINALLY kicking in and taking a toll since I did'nt sleep last night ( they are about to knock my pee pee in the dirt ) LOL . SO .. I guess it is time to try and sleep , hopefully peacefully and deep . Deep sleep means no pain and I'm all for that . I will see you all tomorrow , aka later today lol .. Have fun , take care and God bless ! 
K , I'm officially gone now .. btw .. I'm still looking for someone with a clean preferably new hacksaw . Take Care my babies , have a great night . 
4 minutes to grays 
GRAYS 
Feels like it's gonna be another one of those all niters , NO way to sleep with this pain .. So get ready my Babies .. we are in for the long haul ! 
If someone shows up as having ever played the games I play besides CC & I send an invite , I will wait several days for a confirm , and if it does'nt come , the one I sent it to will be deleted and blocked , the persons whom I have met and chatted with are safe . The ones USING me will be GONE . 
well , My Babies , the sun is starting to come up which means it's this old bats bedtime lol , have fun , take care and God bless . See you all later today . 
K , I think I got at least 10 drinks served , now it's time to win alittle lol 
OMG , I hate rebound migrains ! 
The sun is up , and I can take morning meds and get some sleep ( hopefully ) , see you all in a few hours . Have a great day , take care and God bless . 
Okay babies , it's time to Rally again . < PROPFEMALE > needs help getting her new house . She came through for all of us .. LET'S SIGN FOR HER AND LET'S GET THIS DONE ! Thank you ! 
Got 10 pounds of crawdads out for dinner , hopefully that will feed Markie and < PROPFIRST > 
I think I got my 10 drink minimum guys , now it's time to go start badges in Pogo ... be back in a bit .. HAVE FUN BABIES ! 
I like it on top of the entertainment center 
Am cross referencing games and see who I have sent neighbor requests to which have been ignored . So far in just ONE game there will be 21 people blocked and deleted , THAT just amazes me . I mean how hard is it to accept someone as a neighbor in a game that you already have ranks in ? Somehow , I managed to accept over 300 ppl in CC 
well , I am in CC comping drinks and sharing and for some of you , for the last time . There are several that I can honestly say I will miss reading your chat , but just as you needed me to be your friend in CC , I needed your friendship in the games that I enjoy and need friends to progress too . I was ignored , and I don't call that friendship . I only asked those that already had the game installed , wasn't asking much . 
OKAY ! I think I might need to clarify . If I have not requested you in the last 2 weeks , since I gave original notice of my intent . YOU WILL NOT BE BLOCKED OR DELETED . I do NOT block or delete just because you don't play the same games I do . I ignore requests for other games all the time . It is only AFTER I have given ample time to accept , and ONLY if game has ALREADY been played by you ! 
pogo badges call ... btw Dominoes is a bitch ! 
anybody else having problems getting Poker Blitz to load ? 
Bedtime .. see you all tomorrow . Have fun , Take care and God bless ! 
Well , Babies , half of my games either won't load or won't let me gift , and the sun is up soooo , guess it's time for another dose of meds and a power nap .. See you all in a few . Have a wonderful morning/afternoon/evening/night . 
So sorry CC Babies , game has slowed down to the point a snail could outrun it , so giving it up for now .. will check back in a bit to see if it gets better . 
hit rank 40 in CC , but once again , it did'nt let me publish it . 
Thank You Elna ! :) 
guess it's time for a powernap , gotta get up and go after meds in a few hours .. HAGD My Babies , enjoy your day to the fullest . See you in a little while . 
Could someone in Petville tell me where I can find a paddle .. < PROPFEMALE > is on my very last nerve changing her clothes while I'm trying to organize her clothes . grrrrrrr 
To all my Petville friends .... Please don't be alarmed . < PROPFEMALE > does NOT have pinworms she just gets bored easily and digs her panties out of her crack LOL 
okay CC Babies , seems like i'm starting a roll in the casinos , get in there and get em ! 
K I think I got my 10 drinks for the day done ! woo hoo 
why do men get smarter during sex ?........ because they're plugged into a genius ! 
I tried to get everybody , I know I missed a few , but now that I'm crosseyed , I'm going on break LOL .. the bartender has left the building . 
still can't load PB or HS ... so sorry Babies , can't get there from here :( 
I seriously need a clean sterile hacksaw ! The sooner the better ! :( 
last meds and bed .. I'm whooped !, hagn everyone , take care God bless and we'll see you tomorrow if and when I wake up . 
My youngest son thinks I'm losing my mind because I actually talk to the puter screen while playing PetVille ... Tell me .. am I the only one who talks to their pet ? 
Time for a power nap , have a good one Babies .. I'll be back in a little while .. ( hopefully ) . 
tried getting my house halfway straight , legs gave out and blood sugar dropped thru the floor .. guess somebody was telling me i needed to get on the computer lol 
:( grrrrrr , PV is letting me send cupcakes but NOTHING else .. so sorry babies .. Hoping fb get their mess together . 
hhh i am sooooo dense , laying here playing .. all of a sudden my laptop goes deader than my ass .. I'm thinking OMG Nooooooooo !. Stupid me did'nt plug it back in when I gave up vacuuming . 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer do that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this and not care about offending someone 
the sun is coming up .. Time for a power nap . See you in a little while Babies , have fun ! 
OKAY CC babies , Drinks are UP , come and get em 
Okay CC Babies ... Drinks are up .. COME AND GET EM ! 
Pain is a bitch ! guess it's gonna be another one of \those\ " nights . Ughhhh " 
My cable has been frozen on the same picture for the last hour and a half , I spent an hour on hold to speak to a rep and it's a main signal and no clue when it might come back online . I wanna take a hacksaw and cut my legs off , and NO TV !.. Right now , it sucks to be me . Thank God Hubby did'nt bundle or I would'nt even have computer ! 
went to go pee and came back into the livingroom with a haircut .. what kinda chit is that !? TV better get back on before I do something REALLY drastic lol 
if anybody is wondering where all the VIPs are .. I'll give you one guess ! 
Went to Fayetteville to my Grandmamas 95th birthday party , wonderful time , but whooped my butt , headache , back hurts and just wore out . CC buddies sorry but don't know if I'll get around to CC before I fall out ! Need sleep so I can think straight . 
I'm getting really tired of waiting for a casino to load in CC only to find an empty lot . Gonna start taking down names and blocking and deleting .. I really hate wasting my time ! 
Ha ! Piece of cake .... AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF ... YOU ...... CAN ... RAED TIHS , PSOT ... IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
My contacts are rejecting me , DRY is an understatement . Been up all night playing CC . and I'm sorry to say there are fewer on my friends list then there was this time yesterday . Deleting the ones who have \phantom\ " casinos . I really do hate wasting my time . " 
PV Babies ... Does anyone have a clue what this popularity award mess is ? ( other than irratating ) 
Feel like Poo .. Meds aren't working , so off tto sleep I go ( I hope ) . See you all tomorrow Babies .. Have a great night , have fun .. take care and God bless 
Drinks are up ... have a blast ! 
I'm about ready to breakdown my casino and give it up ! 8 \phantom\ " casinos in a row makes < PROPFIRST > a very pissy girl . " 
pot of coffee is almost finished , time to shower and make my day trip to town . Gotta go to bank , get smokage , get dogfood , hit DG for paper products and find an early voting station . I really HATE going to town :( 
back ... everything done cept the voting .. could'nt take the standing at the library so I guess I get to drive 15 < PROPMALE > to vote tomorrow .. :( 
CC Babies .. Please put a profile pic up . I don't care what kind of pic . but CC friends without one freeze my game when i go to give you a drink . Please Please post a pic so I don't have to delete you . 
< PROPMALE > Tay .. Please lose the bonus checker so I don't have to delete you .. I can't play for you filling up 1/4 of my screen with your \Likes \"." 
how long would it take you to spend ONE Trillion dollars .... if you spent $ 1.00 ( one dollar ) every second , it would take you 96,000 YEARS , Yes .. YEARS . to spend one Trillion dollars . Now .. figure out how our Gov't is gonna pay off that much debt PLUS interest . In fact < PROPFEMALE > is not 13 trillion in debt . with interest we are 63 trillion in debt Repubs you have a job ahead of you . God Bless < PROPFEMALE > ! 
me for a power nap before the President addresses the nation at 1 ... CC Babies .. drinks are UP .. have fun\ 
see you all in a little bit . 
good night facebookers .. time to see if I can sleep .. Have a good morning .. see you all in a little while . 
Maytag Corp . closed their American factory and sent the jobs to Mexico , putting hundreds of Americans out of work . As we start our Seasonal shopping let us all make a pledge to buy only products made IN < PROPFEMALE > . Show these company C.E.O.s that we as Americans stand together , if they want want our $$ , leave the jobs HERE ! PLS REPOST and PLEDGE ! 
THANK YOU to all my Yo Babies who made it possible for me to get my lil bare bear , lol .. He was a long time comin and a true PITA with the glitches in the games the last month . But all of Ya'll stuck with me and made it possible . Again , I Thank You my friends ! xoxo :) 
Has anybody else noticed that it is \National ' something ' week\ " every other day .. It amazes me that I have NEVER seen a calender that stipulates all of these \ " National weeks \"." 
It takes someone very special to join the military , not for the benefits they think they may get but in service of their country without bitching when they are called to give the ultimate sacrifice and put their asses on the line . Our veterans deserve to be honored EVERY DAY ! If you don't stand behind our troops , please feel free to stand IN FRONT of them ! God bless our vets , and GOD BLESS < PROPFEMALE > ! 
CC Babies ... Drinks are UP ! 
Okay babies , I was told this is \1980's week\ " and we all have to post pics on our profiles from the 80's so we can show how much we've changed . I think it's a great idea .. I've already done it .. Now it's ya'lls turn ! " 
Okay babies , I was told this is \1980's week\ " and we all have to post pics on our profiles from the 80's so we can show how much we've changed . I think it's a great idea .. I've already done it .. Now it's ya'lls turn ! I Can't wait to see !!! Hurry up and find those old pics . :) " 
Okay babies , I was told this is \1980's week\ " and we all have to post pics on our profiles from the 80's so we can show how much we've changed . I think it's a great idea .. I've already done it .. Now it's ya'lls turn ! I Can't wait to see !!! Hurry up and find those old pics . :) Awww come on Babies .. It'll be FUN !... repost and lets all get a blast from the past ! " 
Okay babies , I was told\ 
this is \1980's week\ " and we all have to post pics on our profiles from\ 
Virus\ 
spreading like wildfire on Fb and My Space ! It is a trojan worm called \ 
koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! \ 
DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 \ 
requests you as a friend , don'taccept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on \ 
your ... list adds her then you get the virus too ! Please copy and paste \ 
to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES54 minutes ago 
Okay babies , 1980's week is halfway through and so far I've only seen a couple of profile pics from that time frame .. COME ON BABIES ! We can all do this . It'll be fun to see the differences and changes . If I can do it ... You can too ! :) 
I drink BEER .. :) 
Back from Dee-are and getting dog/cat food .. now waiting for call back for CT dates . Woo hoo 
well Babies , I'm gonna check on < PROPFEMALE > , make sure she is set for the night and then gonna try to sleep ( hopefully more than a couple of hours ) . Will see you all whenever I decide to wake up and get moving .. Take care , God bless you all . have a great day ! 
Calling all Yo Babies , Please help < PROPFEMALE > Day get her pony .. She has been trying forever . Your help will be soooo greatly appreciated . Thank You ! 
< PROPFIRST > , gotcha a penguin on my wall babyboy .. :) 
Sun is up , Son off to work .. time for a powernap . Hagd Babies , be back in a few hours . 
I like BEER 
Hhhhmmmmm ? I know for a FACT that I had at least one turkey in the freezer in the barn , yet Markie just went out to get it out and there is no bird ! Hhhhmmmm ? wonder where my yardbird went . 
Guess before I go shopping later for another turkey I better check and see if my hams are gone too .. Glad I just remembered that they were out in the same freezer and hubby didn't mention em . hhhmmmmm ? 
Well , turned out my hams were taken from the freezer along with my turkey . So , all day between Sams club and food lion and $500 later , I now have what I need for Thanksgiving dinner and won't need to grocery shop again for MONTHS except for hamburger , bread and milk , I hope whoever took it really really needed it and that they have a wonderful Thanksgiving and Christmas . They have enough meat to get em thru the holidays . 
Call me crazy , but as I lay here thinking about it , I think when the youngin comes in from work I'm gonna give him some money and send him to Food Lion for a couple of more turkeys . ( they are 39 cents a pound ) and I'll probably need one for Christmas anyway lol If I have him get more than one maybe if the thief comes back they will at least leave me one . :) 
Time to get up and get eggs boilin and Chickens boilin and a couple of pies in the oven . God I honestly wish somebody else in this house knew how to cook LOL 
Hope everybody is having a fantastic Thanksgiving ! 
Do I really have to get up and pack up what's left and find room in the fridge ? I don't wanna :( 
Homeless\ 
go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go\ 
without treatment . Troops go without the proper equipment . Veterans go \ 
without benefits that were promised to them !!! Yet we donate millions of\ 
dollars to other countries before helping our own first ! 1% will \ 
... re-post and the 99% of people will not . 
C.T. Scans in a few hours , guess I might wanna get some sleep . Have a great morning/night/evening whatever it is at your house . LOL .. Take care my friends and God bless . Please find time to say a prayer for < PROPFIRST > Dingus , my best friends father who has been in the hospital for almost 2 weeks with pneumonia . Thank You all ! 
Time to go , see all of ya'll in a little bit ! 
well , it's official .. I AM bent and broke . results of CT scan show .. C3-C4 herniated , C4-C5 herniated . C5 thru C7 are plated together ... L1-L2 bulging , L2-L3 herniated , \ 
pressing on spinal canal ... L3-L4 bulging , pressing on spinal \ 
canal ... L4-L5 , herniated , pressing on spinal cord , L5-S1 , disc \ 
protrusion . 
Guess it's time for bed , Ya'll all have fun , take care and God bless . And if you are out drinking and partying ... CALL A CAB !.. Don't drink and drive ! Nite Babies . 
Well , first snow of the year is here , mixture of snow and sleet . Not gonna be a whole lot of accumulation , but just enough to make the roads slicker than whale snot . Guess who ain't leaving the house ?? YEP , That would be me . lol 
Sun is coming up , youngin is up and moving , getting ready for work .. Guess it's time to see IF I can get a power nap , Take Care my Friends , will see you again in a few hours , God bless ! 
Time for a powernap .. see you good folks later . 
Could any of my friends that play Kingdom of Camelot PLEASE befriend my Hubby .. < PROPFIRST > Mathias and my Son Danieru Mashaiasu . They need friends to get another castle or some crap , I don't know ... PLEASE BE THEIR FRIEND ... Thanks babies ! 
Thank God for My baby < PROPFEMALE > , she is such a great kid coming over and helping me like she does . :) I got to supervise and I'm whooped ! 
Just heard that another friend has lost his entire computer to some virus on facebook .. Destroys every part of your operating system and wipes files from all programs when Xing out from visited pages . He lost all his music , photos EVERYTHING ... needless to say , I ain't clickin on chit ! and not joining games other than the ones I already play . 
Amazing ... The Balagio Casino in Las Vegas was robbed 7 1/2 hours ago of right at 2 million in chips and the robber is still loose . 
I think I might just try to get a power nap before primetime .. See ya'll in a bit . :) 
Until I weed thru the players vs . NON-players in CC , I will NOT be accepting any more friends requests . Thank You Babies ! 
Can't get dishes washed , sweet potato pies in the oven or pecans chopped , cause everytime I start to get up I get an invite to another casino in CC LOL ... This ain't good at all ! 
Got 4 sweet potato pies done and a double batch of lady fingers to roll in powdered sugar , just a couple more things to do and I can relax for a day or so . lol 
Time for a power nap , be back in a little while 
We can't say < PROPFEMALE > Christmas anymore ?! Now we have to say Happy Holidays . We can't call it a Christmas Tree , it is now called a Holiday Tree !! All Because it might offend someone . This is OUR country and our traditions ~ For those of you who may not like it , feel free to leave at any time ! ~ If you agree with this PLEASE post to your status . By the way ... \MERRY CHRISTMAS \"!" 
OK , I'm sick of the athiests in this country dictating what the rest of us who DO BELIEVE can do . I feel sorry for them because they have NO belief system , but REALLY when majority believes . MAJORITY RULES ! CHRISTmas is a FEDERAL holiday , If they don't want it to be . see how many will recant and lie if they miss out on the extra pay for Dec25th , and get scheduled to work so that Christians can celebrate . 
got Blackberry wine cake done today , have accomplished very little since .. guess since I power napped longer than I wanted to , I get to bake all night lol 
Time for a power nap .. see ya'll in a couple of hours . 
I need to go to the bank , pick up smokage , drop in on unsuspecting people , but .. GOD ! I hurt today ! Might have to do it tomorrow :( 
My hard drive has crashed and I'm on borrowed time until hubby gets home with my new laptop .. < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me .. grrrrr 
new lappy is he 
up and running ... wooo hoo 
Good Lord , When it rains it pours , Youngin just called , the fuel pump just went out on his truck .... ggrrrrrrrrr again 
Time for a power nap , got a looong day ahead of me .. Everybody take care , God bless and < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
To all my babies , I wanna wish you a safe and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! I wish for you enough food to keep you full , enough heat to keep you warm , and enough love to keep you happy . Remember , it's not the presents that matter , it's the presence ! 
I guess I really should get up and away from my casino long enough to get stuff started for dinner tomorrow , I've done very little the last couple of days :( 
For the record .. Sams eggs might be cheaper , but they make the UGLIEST deviled eggs , I've ever made . I think I'll stick with eggs from dollar general from here on out . lol 
My yard is full of white shit ! 
Got to see my great niece , Miss Maddy .. She is a dollbaby ! And got rid of one of the pittbull pups , woo hoooo .. One less to feed !. My day started off pretty good , let's just see if it can stay that way lol 
rut roe .. found out how to post songs , so may be visiting the ' good ole days\ and taking you all with me . :) " 
FINALLY started snowing ... Hubby described the flakes as Ginormous ! 
To my CC Babies ... THANK YOU ALL for the call of the needy ( me ) .. I ran out of return applications :( so I am so sorry I couldn't return the favor . But in case nobody else tells you today .. I love ya ! Ya'll are just plain AWESOME ! 
K , I need a volunteer , with a clean sterile hacksaw ( chain saw will just make a mess ) , not sqeemish , medical background helpful , to cut my left leg OFF ! ORRRRR , will somebody PLEASE explain to me why Oxycodone does NOT work on nerve pain . i'm really gettin tired of this chit . :( 
Here you go < PROPFEMALE > .. lol\ 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and follows the instructions ) 
Gonna try to get some shut eye while my CC games get filled up .. see ya'll in a little while . 
Is \Pink stuff\ " considered a balanced lunch ? hhhhhmmmmmm ? Oh well ... to late ! lol " 
I'm done , can't take the lightening shooting down my leg anymore . Have a great night babies . will see you tomorrow . 
Does anybody else have a problem with losing connection to the game server while decorating in Yo ? This is really beginning to chap my ass ! I've tried to decorate in my nightclub and TWICE got my bar set up went to save and was told to refresh GRrrrrrrrr 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if it has been months ( or years ) apart . They love you ... for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are ! :) 
Bedtime , have a good night everyone , take care and God bless ... see you all tomorrow . 
Geeezzzz , that Dee-are wasn't lyin today when he said prednisone would make me wanna eat , I ate a piece of chicken , taters and pink stuff and I STILL want somethin , just can''t make up my mind what I want . 
< PROPFEMALE > Parton is 65 yrs old today ! 
2 hour power nao in 3 days is catching up with me , gonna TRY to actually get some sleep instead of just layin here trying to get comfortable , hagn everyone , take care .. God bless ... see you all tomorrow .. CC Babies , < PROPMALE > for the tools :) 
2 hour power nap in 3 days is catching up with me , gonna TRY to actually get some sleep instead of just layin here trying to get comfortable , hagn everyone , take care .. God bless ... see you all tomorrow .. CC Babies , < PROPMALE > for the tools :) 
Got the ball rolling to have a neurostimulator implanted to help with nerve pain . Could relieve 80-100% of nerve pain WoooHoooo , I'll take it ! Will hear back with first appointment date on Monday :) 
gonna try getting comfortable .. be back in a bit 
Don't you just love the people who pester the piss out of you to get on your friends list .. then block you from posting anything to their wall ? 
OK Babies ... get ready .. anybody who has played happy pets and has any kind of rank in it is gonna get a friends request .. can't say I didn't warn you .. PLEASE befriend me , even if you no longer play it .. I NEED FRIENDS !.. Thanks in advance babies ! 
MY PARENTS WERE MEAN to me when I was a kid . They made me do chores , go to school . They gave me a curfew , suggested I get a job and work for the things that I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school , at my job & to take pride in my work . I fought but I grew up with morals , a good work ethic & respect for the law , and my elders . I thank God everyday for my parents . Copy and paste if you agree 
Morning meds taken , gonna try again to get comfortable enough to sleep .. wish me luck .. take care and have a good day ! 
i want sleeeeeeepppppp !!!!!! pleeezzzzzzz ......... for the record ... THIS SUCKS ! 
Gonna shut this thing down AGAIN and try to get comfortable enough to finally sleep , I absolutely loved having my company today , but i feel like i've been beat up and i really wanna sleep . Wish me luck , if it don't work .. I'll see you in a little while . 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile , she will give you her heart . She multiplies & enlarges what she is given . So if you give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ! Post on your wall if you agree ... hope to see every female re-post 
God , I hope this is true ....... \ 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever !!.. To be on Food stamps , Medicaid , or Cash Assistance for you or your children , YOU have to pass a DRUG Test . Now EVERY state should do the same . If you agree re-post . People that work have to take a drug test , so should they !! Amen .... repost if you agree 
Time for a power nap Babies , see you in a few hours ( hopefully ) . Have a great day ! 
Stupid cat is stealing my oatmeal ... I wonder if there's anything he won't eat . 
gotta get my hinney in the shower so I can go to my Babygirls b/day gathering . Be baack in a bit Babies ! 
Well Hell ! Went out to leave , car is deader than my ass .. soooo , since it has a new battery .. I'm thinking , alternator , voltage regulator or both ! Back in my jammies .. and working on a mother of a stress migrain . :( missing my Babygirls birthday \party\ " . but seriously wouldn't be good company at this point .. I love you < PROPFEMALE > baby ! " 
To all my new Happy Pet Friends .... Babies if my posts from Casino city gets on your nerves , please block the application , NOT ME :) Thanks 
I've done about all I can do for now , can't shake this friggin migrain , sciatica starting to give me a fit . SO .. guess it's power nap time . See you in a few hours babies .. Thanks for all your help ! 
PetVille babies , I could really use Hammers , Nails and paint ... Thank you .. I can't send requests cause my computer doesn't like the app file . :( 
Well babies , headache isn't easing up , so gonna call it a night . Wish me luck on it being gone when I wake up .. Take care , God Bless , have fun and ya'll try to get some sleep too lol ... nite nite 
Goodnight babies , I do believe it is time to check my eyelids for holes . lol ... hagn everyone , and I'll see you all in a few after a power nap ! 
Time for a power nap and to get this leg up before I saw it off with a dull butter knife , Have fun babies , see you in a few .. :) <3 
Guess it is time for me to call it a night before I'm begging Ya'll for a clean hacksaw again .. Everybody play nice , have fun .. see you tomorrow ! Smootches Babies ! 
Just For Fun\ 
YOU AND I WAKE UP IN JAIL TOGETHER ... Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this 2 your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along and 4 words is hard 2 come up with ! 
YEAAAAAAAA DUKE !!!! 
time for a power nap , gotta run some errands when the snow stops . HAGD Babies ! 
Gonna be an early night , see you all tomorrow .. g-nite my babies ! 
Gonna try to get comfy and possibly get a couple more hours sleep , Take care Babies , I'll see you all in a little while :) 
Pot of turkey soup on the stove , now just gotta play while it comes to a boil and simmers .. Can't get much better than that lol 
Callin it a night , Take Care my babies , have a good night and HAPPY VALENTINES DAY <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY BABIES ! Wishing you all a wonderful day with your loved ones . <3 <3 
Watching ice castles on Hallmark ... haven't seen it in years .. bbiab 
good night everyone .. i'm fading fast .. take care , God bless , sweet dreams when you all get there too . <3 night Babies ! See you in a few ! 
early night , feel like poo ... hagn Babies , see ya hopefully tomorrow . 
We lost one of our Babies to Feline HIV today :( She finally gave up and went on to the rainbow bridge where I'm sure she will wait until she and her Daddy are reunited . She was HIS < PROPMALE > . 
Good night/morning babies , time to check my eyelids for holes :) see you all in a few hours . 
I have a hard time sleeping 4 hours yet laying listening to the TV for an additional 9 hours trying to stay in a position that doesn't hurt :( This really sucks ! 
Prayers need to go out for a FB friend < PROPFEMALE > Hebert Trahan and her family . She's in the hospital and was just diagnosed cancer of the lungs and liver , which has traveled to her bones and her brain . If you see this post , even if you don't know her , God knows her , Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for her . The power of prayer speaks volumes . Please and God bless you for doing this . 
This world lost a beautiful woman this morning , She is now out of pain and with her Lord . < PROPFEMALE > , we will miss you . Love ya Baby ! <3 
Taking a break , clean a bit , take a break and feed in my games , go back and clean again , over and over , my back is on FIRE and I'm about in tears , but if I want it done it looks like I'm gonna have to do it myself :( 
HP Babies , if you have babies that need blessings that are anywhere other than nursery or front room , please let me know so I can bless them for you , doubt I will make it thru all your rooms today . Thanks :) 
Move over Weight Watchers , there is a new way to lose weight ..... It's the \I can't afford to buy groceries to feed myself because I just \ " filled my gas tank\ " diet . Repost if you agree " 
OK My Babies .. Got a question for you .. would you allow someone who still owes you 6 months worth of rent stay in your house if they threw the F bomb in a convo with you ? and totally disrespected you and #2 .. do you think shredding pillows and leaving the stuffing on the bed after a couple breaks up as a \psychotic\ " act ? " 
I really wasn't gonna put any of this up , but seems it already hit the internet highway so why not ? 
Been a long day ... both physically and emotionally . Good night Babies , see you all tomorrow . 
While you scream at your woman there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her of how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . When you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence & Mental Abuse 
Good night My Babies , see you all tomorrow .. take care and God bless . <3 
It's Daughters Week ! If you have a beautiful Daughter that you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ... \ 
Precious Grandaughters as well ! \ 
...... This one I had to post because I have several daughters and grand-daughters , and I never had a single labor pain with any of them .. Ya'll know who you are My Babygirls .. I <3 You ! 
Bedtime ... < PROPFIRST > is snoring behind me and will not be forgiving when she decided to get up in the morning , plus .. gotta get up early and call the dee-ares office . Have fun my Babies , see you tomorrow <3 <3 
I just hate it when ppl decide they have to be sneaky and underhanded , Sons ex gf tells us she wants to continue to live over there , has me write a letter to the foodstamp office and then starts moving out alittle at a time ( pd no rent 4 March ) and then THINKS she can leave her cats & come back & forth . I get to call the FS office Mon & let them know she no longer pays me rent . Oh & she left my house TRASHED ! 
nite babies , gonna be another long day if i don't get a power nap .. tc , God bless .. see you all in a few hours .. Lord willin 
I took a job knowing I would never get rich . I've missed out on many holidays and special occasions in order to protect the lives of others . I am expected to lay down my life or take a life if necessary . It's been proven that my life expectancy is shorter than yours because of the stress I go through . and some think I don't deserve a pension or health care benefits ? Repost if you support our Military ! 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ... Please remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you .. JESUS CHRIST and the AMERICAN SOLDIER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree copy and paste it in your status .... GOD BLESS THE USA 
Okay .. I'M BEGGING .. lol .. I need ONE more neighbor in Happy Pets to get my new house .. multible requests out there ... PLEEEEEEEZZZZZZE ? wouldja huh ? wouldja ? 
Gotta get dinner in the oven , To my new and old HP Friends ... THANK YOU ALL SOOOOOO MUCH ! brb 
When I was a kid I didn't have a Nintendo DS , XBox , or Wii . I had a bike and a curfew ; the street lights . My toys were the outside world . If I didn't eat what my mom made me , I didn't eat . I didn't dare tell my parents \no\ " or dare to talk back . Life wasn't hard 
We all have at least 60 friends on Facebook ; but when it comes to needing someone to talk to , how many will actually be there for you ? I can guarantee you , not even 15 of your Facebook friends will like this status . if you would be there for me , set this as your status & see how many of us are there for you ! ( I just did it for one of my friends !!!! )\ 
I did too < PROPMALE > ! 
Hoping meds will help with the back pain , gonna take a power nap ad see if I can get comfortable . Take care My Babies ! Be back in a bit ! < PROPFIRST > ain't gonna sleep all day lol 
Thunder boomers hitting in the yard , Time to shut this mess down so I don't loose my puter , Take care everybody .. goodnight for now . 
gotta get up in 2 1/2 hours so guess I'll try for a power nap , Take care My Babies ! see you in a bit hopefully . :) 
60 Italian Meatballs , Mashed taters , baby limas & field peas .. Feeding 5 people .. wonder if there will be enough LOL 
Goodnight Babies , see you all tomorrow . 
Lights are flickering , thunder is rollin BIG TIME , storm/ tornado is on it's way .. Don't know how long we'll keep power . Now under tornado WARNING woo hoo ! 
You see a Kid abusing a puppy with a baseball bat . \ 
97% would yell ? STOP !!!? \ 
2% would Cheer \ 
1% would take the baseball bat and beat the kid upside the head with it and take the puppy to the vet . \ 
Post this on your profile if you are that 1% 
guess it is time for bed , got company comin in a few hours .. see you all later , have fun Babies ! 
IF YOU WANT THE TAGGING VIRUS TO STOP TAGGING YOU THEN DO THIS ... GO TO YOUR ACCOUNT .. GO TO PRIVACY SETTINGS .. SCROLL DOWN TO CUSTOMIZE SETTINGS ... SCROLL DOWN TO PHOTOS AND VIDEOS YOU ARE TAGGED IN ... CLICK EDIT SETTINGS ... SELECT ONLY ME .. AND SAVE ... UNTIL THIS SCAM OR VIRUS IS OVER THAT'S THE ONLY WAY TO STOP BEING TAGGED ... REPOST FOR ALL YOUR FRIENDS TO SEE THIS PLEASE 
Bedtime , see you all in a few hours , take care and God bless Babies ! 
