doesn't get why twitter is so popular 

\What pray tell do they speak in France ? \ " \ " FRENCH ! \"" 
is going to see Jaws at the < PROPMALE > later and I recomend going to anyone who wants to 
noone has gotten 100% on my quiz yet MWUHAHAHAHA !! 
is wondering why people more frequently chat late at night then in the day 
going to the Adirondacks sunday be back friday 
is exited for karate camp 
\STEVE ! \"- Rob Dyrdek " 
Bolt Speedman gave his cousin Drama two mice named Cheesy and Swissy 
' s hand kills from trying to screw in a pain in the but screw that won't go in 
just took a quiz with incredibly random questions(and it wasn't even a random quiz ) 
random status ; Dragula , pizza , bacon , armadillo , lemon juice , zombie 
Surfatoodle-The Wisdomiest 
thank you everyone who said happy birthday 
it is half-snowing half-raining at my house 
LOL OMG LOL LOL LOL < PROPMALE > Dunham is going to be a tv series 
\the rainy days are gone far to long to be recalled . i crossed the line . i know its time for ' nother night . looking for me behind the wind of pain .... wanting to be in vain . looking for me arriving as the dark \"" 
how do you find pages that your friends aren't a part of ? 
BACON !!!! 
\It's not nuclear \"- Gazzy " 
happy thanksgiving everyone 
please comment on this and say which you prefer : vampires , werewolves , other 
Snowbeard 
is thinking about making a new how well do you know me quiz . any question ideas would be appreciated 
why is it that everyone is making there profile pic pokemon ? because i comment on one of my friends statuses and someone commentings pic is a pokemon 
Has < PROPFEMALE > Sun the Lost Age !!!!!!!!! 
\once i had a dream and this is it(once there was a childs dream ) one night the clock struck twelve the window open wide ( once there was a child's heart ) the night i learned to fly and took a step outside \"" 
going to see Avatar if someone wants to come give me a call 
just got back from watching Avatar and it was insanely good in 2D and I can't imagine how awwesome it would be in 3D 
Saw AudioBody last night and it was AWESOME ! 
Catastrophe + Eclipse + Wind Adepts > (insert person/creature of your choice ) 
\No one ever dares to speak it's nothing else but fantasy its make believe make believe . No one ever dares to speak it's nothing else but fantasy . But one day it will all come to life . Step out of line and i'll teach you how to fly \"" 
anyone know any bands that they would recomend i listen to ? 
want a toothpick ? 
why doesn't anyone question my statuses ? does everyone think i am that weird that my randomnes is normal ? 
ANYONE who reads this should look at all of my flair boards and then write a comment on this status please 
People need to understand that children with special needs are not sick !! They are not searching for a cure , but just acceptance . Ninety three percent of the people will not copy and paste this . Will you be part of the seven percent that will ?!? and will you leave it on your wall for at least an hour ? This week is for special needs education . 
saw clash of the titans yesterday . ( this has nothing to do with the movie ) why do foreign bands sing in english ? 
balista hwacha + conifers + french soldiers who fire cows at people = awesome 
wishes he understood < PROPMALE > and italian or knew someone who could although i probably do i just am blanking 
I'M INVINCIBLE !!!! You're a looney 
Be Honest ! Click ' Like ' if I have ever made you smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile . :D 
alchemists > vampires 
do you like melons ? 
hahahahahahahaha that was awesomely random !!!!!!!!!!!! 
If your brave copy this to your status , and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) Crazy ( 2 ) Wish we went out . ( 3 ) Talkative ( 4 ) Sarcastic ( 5 ) Lovable ( 6 ) Sexy ( 7 ) Strong ( 8 ) Dumb ( 9 ) Spoiled ( 10 ) Mouthy ( 11 ) Wild ( 12 ) Goofy ( 13 ) Funny ( 14 ) awesomely awesome ( 15 ) Beautiful ( 16 ) Amazing ( 17 ) Cute ( 18 ) Drama < PROPFEMALE > ( 19 ) Want to get to know you ( 20 ) Bestfriend . ( 21 ) I love you . ? :) ? :) 
is anyone going to the round pond parade that wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? i live in round pond so comment on this status , call me , or send me a message if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out 
Team Jupiter Adept 
What do you tremble ? My name is Caius Marcius . Whats he that wishes so ? Once more onto the breach dear friends once more . Knowest thou the youth that spoke to me erwhile ? Heres neither a bush nor shrub to bear of any weather at all . The quality of mercy is not strained . What mean you Ceasar ? All the worlds a stage . Gallop a pace you fiery footed steads . I do much wonder that one man . 
is back 
latin chanting monks ftw 
wants to wear a cape to school just to see everyones reaction 
thank you everyone for saying happy birthday 
is it possible to salvage data from a gba game if it all the sudden deletes your save file without you doing anything to cause it ? if not , ugh 
It sounded like bones hiting eachother or dice being rolled and the only thing that was different was there was a troll in the middle of the road , a very angry troll because it had been teleported thousands of < PROPMALE > from its home 
