Well , the bathroom is all painted and looks pretty darn good . I'll let it dry tonight , and in the morning I'll clean it all up and put things back in place . Sunday I am going to add an accent band all around . Gonna do a double accent band in my room . Just feel like something new and different . Kitchen and diningroom are going to get painted tomorrow . Just in a painting kind of mode . 

Sucks to be single and NO man ..... All I have is renovations .... LOL The house is looking good though ! Bathroom just needs the accent band painted , and my room gets a double band painted . Kitchen and diningroom are done . Everything looks so good ! I have a long list of things I still want to do , but all in time .... :P :D :P 
Happy Mother's Day to all the lil mothers out there ! Looking forward to our Mother's Day lunch on Saturday . :) 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure , and it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and .... this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding . 
Ahhhh the Mothers Day meal to end all meals- Dominos ! LOL < PROPFIRST > bought me dinner tonight . I love their pasta bread bowls . 
So I've got this $1 winning scratch off ticket . I won a free ticket ... do I cash it in and get a new ticket , or hold onto it until I feel LUCKY ???? 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man \ 
wishing he could talk softly to her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and \ 
INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how \ 
wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he \ 
could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing\ 
smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic \ 
Violence 
Okay- so today is the day I am cashing in my \winning ticket\ " ticket . Let's see what I get this time !!! A BIG winner would be nice ! " 
I've been scratching the poison < PROPFEMALE > , but now I am itching to eat dinner . hahahah I kill me ! :) 
OMG !!! I can't sleep ... this itching is driving me nuts !! Guess I will give in and spend the $40 on the Zanafel . I can't keep doing this !!! Everytime I check , I find more spots . I'm about ready to cut off my fingernails to keep from scratching myself raw ! I think I have 30+ spots on my right arm , and i can't count how many on my right leg , or the side of my neck . ughhhhhhhhhhh 
Traded a used 2 slice toaster for a new electric griddle . Perfect size for < PROPFIRST > and I . I think I got the better end of that deal . 
only 2 new spots today .... yay !!!!!!!!!!!! and the others are starting to dry up . ahhhhhh\ 
BUT I have to get out there and cut grass again . OH NO !!!!! I am going to bathe in the caladryl lotion . 
here we go again .... early day tomorrow and I can't sleep . happens every time i need to go to sleep early . maybe i should just start taking a sleeping pill as soon as i get home the night before an early day . just a thought ......... 
hmmmmmmmmmm maybe there is something to that ZANFEL but for $35 an ounce there should be . most of the itching is GONE !!! Just that fast !!! one spot on my wrist and the cluster under my chin(s ) have a little tingle , but i am waiting to see the outcome . if this works , i will most definately use it after i cut grass every time just as a precaution . each tube contains 22 applications , and i used 3 tonight . 
okay ... what else is going to happen around here ?????? haven't been able to start the weed -eater for 3 weeks , and now the @#%#^# lawnmower won't start . i can't get it to prime . i guess i will have < PROPFIRST > help me load it and take it to the small engine repair guy . this is crazy !!! 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh Got my new weedeater ! An 18 volt rechargeable B&D .... No more stinky gas , no cords , just me and the weeds ( and the poison < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Colonoscopy is done !!! Thank God !!! It really wasn't that bad , and NO CANCER !!!! YAY !!! \ 
What a relief ! And in a mere 15 mths I will be considered cancer free , and out of remission . That day I am looking forward too ! Going to need a BIG party to celebreate that day ! 
that would be cfheck her yahoo acct . i sent her some info that i talked to her about ! \ 
LOVEYOU !!!! 
Well , another day off tomorrow , and this one is ALL ABOUT ME !!!!! 
Ahhhhhhh 8:00 and I just woke up and crawled out of bed !!! Let's see what's on the agenda ---- hah nothing nore than picking up a new water filter for the fridge ! LOL Maybe I'll finish cleaning out the pool and get it going again for the season . Can't decide if i am going to put in the effort this year ! ( sorry < PROPFEMALE > ) 
I think my cabble box is messed up now !!! I give up !!! The TV works fine on the DVD player , but when I TRY to watch cable , all the pixels are screwed up and there is no sound . Guess I will be taking another trip to Charter . I seriousy think they are out to get me !!! 
Well , the lawn is FINALLY cut ! It looks so much better out there . I'm sure my neighbors appreciate the change ! If it's not raining tomorrow night , I told < PROPFIRST > we are going to trim the bushes way back , and clean up everything nice and pretty ! He's not buying into this idea . LOL 
Had a scare tonight with the little Reverend Mother . She was taken to Memorial Hospital with chest pains . Everything turned out well , and she passed/failed the pregnancy test . ( all in how you look at the results ) LOL Possibly the gall bladder , so she gets tested next week . WHEW !!!!! Love you lil mother ! 
Well , the lil reverend is BACK in the hospital . This time they kept her , but still haven't figured out what is wrong ! Please keep her in prayer ! Thanks !!! 
Sometimes you are the windshield , and sometimes you are the bug ..... Today , I think I am the bug !!! goin to bed early tonight . Long day tomorrow ! 
Pool is FINALLY filling up ! Ahhhh I can start my pool therapy soon !! I need some thinking time , and floating around the pool gives me that time . SOOOOOOO much on my mind . Once I solve my problems , I'll work on the world's problems . LOL 
New rash !!!! I think my skin objects to me being outside ! I haven't even started spraying the poison < PROPFEMALE > , just spraying along the cracks and in the rocks to kill the grass and weeds that are trying to take over . Doesn't itch , but I am all splotchy . When the sun goes down , then I am going to spray all along the fenceline for the poison < PROPFEMALE > and the wild vines trying to creep back up the hill . 
HMMMMPF !!! I ran out of black paint . Now I have to wait to finish my projects until tomorrow after the b-day party . Oh well , it will look fantastic once I am done . I have gotten so much done around here . Nothing but time on my hands ! Just working on projects that I have been putting off for far too long ! 
Happy Birthday to my son-in-law < PROPMALE > , and my nephew Zach !!!! And many many more !! 
Cut grass today , worked on the pool vac for a while , gave up and then floated for about an hour before the rain came . I am sooooooooo tired !!! Funny how the sun does that to me . I feel like I may have gotten a bit burned on my back . I had lotion on everywhere that I could reach . 
I just heard that BP found a way to stop the oil leak .... They put a wedding band around it and it stopped putting out ....... 
I must be in the wrong business . My son is a limo driver and not to drop names , but he has had < PROPFIRST > Buffett's band in the limo , < PROPMALE > Paisley , and now < PROPMALE > Matthews ! And he makes good money doing it !!! I told him if he gets < PROPFIRST > Ketih , then he better plan on being fired- because he is bringing him home to momma !!!! 
Smiling on the inside .... FINALLY !!!! 
Happy Fathers Day to all the daddy's out there ! Hope you have a great day ! 
I'm gonna keep changing my profile pic until I get one that I really like ! LOL 
It's been a busy phone night . Talked to the little reverend mother , twice to my sister < PROPFEMALE > , and even once to the \incredible disappearing\ " one ! LOL I think my phone is in shock that it was being used . It's been a while ! " 
Okay- how crazy is it that I just spent the last hour or so looking at tattoo sites ? OMG !!! I just want something cute that represents my kids and grandkids . I just can't find the right thing ! Suggestions ????? 
Ahhhhhhh 2 hrs in the pool ! How sweet it is ! And I have the whole weekend to do it again and again ! Was floating on my stomach , and felt a bug crawling on my back- jumped up to get it off and FLASH !!!! I had the tie to my top loose !!! LOL oh well ... 
(: (: ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh that's all ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh :) :) 
LOL 24 more days and my baby will be 30 !! wait ... am i old enough to have a kid that old ? i must be , because in 27 days , my baby son will be 31 , and then there is always the oldest son who is 32 .... OMG !!! I AM OLD !!!! 
I got my new glasses- and can't see out of them on the computer !! How long of an adjustment period do I need ? arrgh !!! 
Tomorrow ( July 3 ) would have been my 34th wedding anniversary to < PROPMALE > . I miss him so much !!! I will love him until the day I die - and join him in spirit . He gave me 3 beautiful children , so I will forever have a part of him in my life . I will never be able to replace the love we shared , but hope to add to that love . I love you < PROPMALE > - forever and ALWAYS !!!! 
Went to the cemetery- soooooooooooo many momma deer and their babies . It was awesome . I took several photos . There was a momma deer with 3 babies very near < PROPMALE>'s grave- so I decided that symbolized me and the 3 kids ... LOL What a beautiful serene place . I expected flags on the graves , but no such luck . \ 
Well HAPPY 4TH TO ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS AND FAMILY !!!! 
XXXXXXXXXXOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\ 
XXXXXXXXXX###############\ 
########################\ 
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\ 
\ 
HAPPY 4th !!!! 
where did my sunshine go ? i was going to float all day in the pool . what happened ????? guess cutting the grass is out too- hmmmmmmm looks like i will clean out closets instead . oh yippeeeeeee .... 
Okay- I changed my picture back to something a bit more recent . LOL 
I am spending the 4th with < PROPMALE > Pendergrass- ohhhhhhh he is so smooth ..... 
It's almost pool time ..... the sun is over the pool around noon , so i will be heading out soon . i love my pool !! someday i hope to have a \real\ " pool . " 
To be in your child's memories tomorrow , you must be in their lives today ... 
It is true that we don't know what we have until we lose it , but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives !!!! 
Okay- maybe this one will be better :\ 
Maybe God wants us to meet a few wrong people before meting the right one , so that when we finally meet the right person , we will know how to be grateful . 
Today's thought for the day :\ 
If you don't care where you are going , and road will get you there . 
Today's thought :\ 
Live as you wish your kids would live . 
What a good night- a bowl of ice cream , and a love poem written TO me . ahhhhhhh doesn't get much better than this - at least not until he comes home ..... 
I found the PERFECT picture !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > is driving for < PROPFIRST > J Blige when she is here in concert , and then for < PROPMALE > Petty when he is here . I think I want to be a limo driver too !!! Damn the luck ! 
If you want your dreams to come true\ 
Don't oversleep .... 
new picture , i took off my new glasses . any better ? 
I wish facebook would leave the profile pictures used at the time the messages are sent , it would make some of the messages make more sense . LOL 
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides . 
WHY can't I ever go to sleep on Wednesday nights ? Is it because I have to be up at 5:00 on Thursday ????? WHY WHY WHY ???? 
And yes , for those of you wondering , I have a 30 year old daughter , and 31 and 32 year old sons . What can I say ???? LOL I finally learned what caused it . hahaha 
Mmmmmmm steak and cheese taquitos . Yummy !!! 
Skipping the treadmill for some ice cream .... LOL 
I owe , I owe , So off to work I go ..... \ 
Have a good day everyone !!! 
AHHHHHHHHHHH 3 hrs in the pool today- mhad to fight the clouds for some sunshine , but i got a little . Maybe tomorrow will bring me more sunshine ! I love just floating out there . It gives me some much needed time to relax and just think . I feel great !!!! 
Today was 2 hrs in the pool .... I got bored !!! Can't believe i said that . LOL\ 
Gonna hem up some new scrubs i bought , get cleaned up and head to the little daughter's house for game night and some munchies ... Mmmmmm 
POOL TIME !!!!! Gonna soak me up some rays ! 
Family is the essential presence - the thing that never leaves you , even if you leave it . 
The shortest distance between a problem and a solution is the distance between your knees and the floor . The one who kneels to the Lord can stand up to anything . 
what does not destroy you , will only make you stronger ... 
Less than 12 hrs and I will be overtaken by 2 small boys and a big black dog ! HELP !!!! Oh wait .... I am babysitting this weekend , it's all going to be okay . 
UPDATE !!!! I think I am minus at least 1 fish . < PROPMALE > ( aka devil baby ) decided the fish were hungry- to the tune of 1/3 of a container of food . OMG !!! I did an emergency flush of the tank , and netted as much food as I could . I think the baby bug-eyed \thing\ " is a gonner . Food was EVERYWHERE- inside and out of the tank . Guess what devil baby is having for breakfast ?? J/K " 
It is 1:45 AM and I am still awake . I went to bed at 10 , and that obviously didn't work out so well . 6:30 is going to come all too quickly - if I ever get to sleep that is ! 
I may not have a MAN in my life , but I have a man- my < PROPFIRST > !!! I may get mad at him A LOT , but he is the only one that has been there for me , and been through everything with me . So I am making him his favorite dinner tonight - homemade pizza ! Mmmmmm 
In\ 
memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost \ 
their battle with cancer and for those who continue to conquer it . Put \ 
this up for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't\ 
copy and paste . I did , will you ? Love to those who are in the fight 
Vacation countdown- 10 days- 5:00 on Sept 3 starts a MUCH needed vacation . So much to do during the time off . I will be very busy ! And THIS time , it's all about me !!! No babysitting .... OMG !!!! Just kidding Ang ... 
Picking up supplies for my vacation . Got the caulk , spray foam , new hallway light , and new toilet seat . See where I am going with this ???? It's a working vacation . Also need to get some exterior paint for the front door , and get the bushes trimmed . I am making MYSELF a honey-do list .... LOL 
Uh-oh ! I've already started on some of the vacation honey-do list . Boredom has set in and I haven't even started vacation . YIKES !!!! 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids !!!! 
I'm on vacation- yeah , that's right VACATION !!!!!! I don't go back until the 13th !!!! Ahhhhh , most of you know how bad I need this time off ! Sooooo much to do , lets see how much I can actually accomplish . < PROPFEMALE > - I am still thinking on the pool thing . WCH- please be kind to < PROPFIRST > while I am off , it's going to be a busy week for her . If you all need me , call my cell- I MAY answer- but probably not !!! 
It's way-back week . Post a picture from your childhood , then copy and paste this message to your wall . Let's see all of those baby faces ! 
Heading east in a few . Forgot my pay stub at work , and going to Belleville to check in on the lil reverend mother . She is sick AGAIN !!!! Need to fix her up , and convince her it is time to move back to MO with the family ! < PROPFIRST > thinks we are going on a joy ride - LOL . WEll have a great day everyone ! Don't forget- I AM STILL ON VACATION !!!!! hahahah 
To all my single friends out there- what is expected on a date these days ????? I have no idea how to even date anymore . So many relationships , but I haven't actually been on a REAL date in decades !!!! Where are some good places to go ? HELP !!!!!! 
Hello FB family- well , vacation so far has been VERY productive . I've replaced my entry light , caulked the exterior and interior , 4 loads of laundry , touched up paint in the livrm/dinrm/guest room , painted all the interior doors and jambs , braced the basement stairs , secured the handrail to the basement , cut grass , trimmed the bushes , took < PROPFIRST > to the movies-shopping-and to dinner . I've been busy ! 
Okay- so 51 is too old to buy a DROID phone and try to figure the silly thing out . I am having problems ! I've got some of it figured out . I can send a text , but have no idea how to delete them . hahaha I really like it , so I WILL figure it out . < PROPFIRST > wants me to download his \lowrider\ " song again . yeah yeah !!! " 
I'm hungry .... I want REAL food . Who cooked a good dinner tonight and has leftovers for me ? 
These allergies are killing me . All I do is sniffle , sneeze and blow my nose . Arrrrrgh ! Thank God the couch and my blankie are handy . < PROPFIRST > is at a hayride tonight , but tomorrow is bowling again . Oh yippeeeeeee ! I just love sitting at the bowling alley . Maybe I should find some old drunk in the bar and drag him out to bowl with me . hahaha Hey- would that make it a date ?????? 
It's 2:20 AM and I am still awake !!! What gives ??? Oh , maybe that I woke up at 10 , or took a couple naps today ????? Soooooo I should still be able to sleep . But too much on my mind ! Hoping for answers next week . 
Okay- so the pool is being closed down . Bambers- are you still interested ? I have it draining now , and I am looking for all the paperwork that came with it . If you are interested , I will drain it completely and you will just need to get some muscles over her to disassemble it and haul it away . I can get you more details and we can talk $$ if you think you want it . 
Okay , so a week off , and no < PROPMALE > man rescued me , so I guess back to work tomorrow . BUMMER !!!! But it was a much needed week , and I accomplished MOST of what I set out to do . I might need another week when I go in and see what is waiting for me . LOLBut I know < PROPFIRST > did everything just right !!! You go girl ! 
This\ 
week , we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but \ 
never met , or those we have held but could not take home . Make this \ 
your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a\ 
baby . The majority won't do it , because , unlike cancer , baby loss \ 
... is ... still a taboo subject . Break the ... silence . In memory of all the \ 
angels who can't be here today ... 
Instead of a yard sale or garage sale , can I have a picture sale ???? What I mean is can I print out the pictures of all the stuff I want to sell and post it ? I know that's what < PROPMALE>'s list is for , but I was hoping to do this an easier way . I am downsizing and have a lot of stuff to sell . I'll bring pictures to work for all my co-workers to see . BUY BUY BUY !!!!! 
OMG !!! I opened the windows less than an hour ago , and I have been sneezing and blowing my nose like crazy . What gives ????? Allergies - go away !!!!!! 
I like it on the floor by my bed . 
Open House Sunday !!!! YAY !!!! AND a viewing (?) tomorrow !!! WOOT WOOT !!!! 
No open house Sunday ! We SOLD in 2 days !!!!! WOOT WOOT !!!! Now to start packing . Ahhhhhhh Any extra muscles out there needing a good work out ??? 
I just had the most wonderful visit with the little reverend mother . We went to Cracker Barrel for dinner . Mmmmmm Yummy ! 
My home computer just crashed . UGHHHHHH . Until I can replace it I guess I will be using my phone so messges will be few and far in between . 
I'm baaaaaaaaack .... 
Why does he thought of packing every possession I own disturb me so much ? I am not one to procrastinate but I am with this packing . I guess a part of me is sad to say goodbye to the life I've become so used to . But I am excited to start the next chapter in my life . It's all about fresh starts - RIGHT ??? Any experienced packers out there ???? LOL 
true love isn't something you find when you are looking for it , it's something that finds you when you need it the most ..... 
Okay- so moving in 2 weeks , NOTHING packed yet . Is that bad ????? I have started putting boxes together . That counts doesn't it ? I hate this part . Packing just sucks !!!! Too much going on to really get into packing , but it's not like I can really put it off either . GOOD GRIEF !!! 
Okay , so the laundry is packed and all boxes are upstairs . The office is packed and all boxes are upstairs . All that's left in the basement at this point is the desk , bookshelves , file cab , wahser/dryer . WHEW !!!! But it was < PROPFIRST > that did all the carrying . My old back can't do that anymore . So I am renting a couple men on moving day to be the muscle . :) 
I just realized that sitting at the computer does not allow much packing to get done ..... Very observant of me ..... LOL But I work well under pressure- so I am not worried .... 
It's painting weekend . I get to play in the new place and do some painting and < PROPFEMALE > some blinds . 6 more days !!!!! Looking forward to a c < PROPFEMALE > e of pace ! Sad to leave the old place , but I still have my memories- and I will focus only on the GOOD ones ! 
Hmmm- never did get over there to paint , but I did pick out the color . LOL I dropped off all my cleaning supplies , blinds , and a few other things . Then I spent the rest of the time packing . OMG !!! With everything I have already gotten rid of , where did ALL this stuff come from ? Sheeesh ! I have a system though . As each room or cabinet/drawer is empty , I put a piece of blue tape on it so I know it's done . 
To all my peeps .... Closing down the computer for a few days . Moving day is just around the corner , and I have so much to finish . I'll check on you all through my phone , but probably no responses for a while . Hope to be back up and running Sunday or Monday . Hugs and Kisses to all !!!!! 
715 and the gas man JUST got here . I still have to take apart beds disconnect the w/d and the ref water line . Oh and take all the food to angelas . 
Its moving day . Yay !!! House is almost empty . Thank God for men with muscles . One of them is really cute and strong !!! Be still my heart . LOL 
Watching Beetlejuice while Ang < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are walking my new neighborhood with the kids . < PROPFIRST > even put on his ninja costume and went with them . LOL . 
The next time I move , it will be into the ground !!!!! OMG moving sucks !!! But , I am almost completely unpacked and set up . those that know me well probably aren't surprised . But I still have things to finish up at the old place . 
Ahhhh ! No flood this time when I went back to the old house . I shut off the water AND opened the lines . DUH !!!! Now I even have all my clothes so I can change IF I feel like it ! LOL Every muscel in my body still hurts ! And you should see the cuts and bruises . I look like I was ran over by the truck- not my mailbox- which I replaced today . :) 
Spent most of the day on the couch fighting a low grade fever . I thought I was just tired and sore from moving , but today I had a fever . Ughhhhhh I finally got up and about and bought a ( new ) used dryer . Cheaper to get a new dryer , than to have the gas company run a gas line . 
Had a wonderful afternoon with the little Reverend Mother . We visited with < PROPFIRST > for a while- he had a good day and drank all my Dr Pepper- so anyone going to see him , bring him a Dr Pepper . LOL Then Rev and I had lunch at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s MMMMMM good ! Thanks lil Mother !!! Love you ! 
Waiting on the dryer to be delivered . Then get some much needed laundry done ! Tomorrow is another \UHAUL and cleaning out the garage at the old place- then I'm done and outta there !!!! And of course < PROPFIRST>'s bowling in the afternoon ! Oh yipeeeeeee ! " 
Wooo hooo- Only 2 hrs 15 minutes , and the garage is done and the truck back to UHAUL , and guess what ??????? I didn't take out my mailbox this time . LOL The only thing left at the other house is the fish ! Not sure I want to bring them , gonna see if my son wants them for his kids , if not , they are up for grabs ! Just a 10 gallon tank . 
My thrill for the day ???? Driving by the Commerce Bank in O'Fallon today while it was being robbed . Police everywhere with guns aimed at the bank . They were even laying on Hwy K . CREEPY !!! Hope all is well , and they captured whoever it was . 
I can't sleep . Too many meds ??? Maybe the WRONG meds ... This cold is killing me . My nose won't stop running , and the coughing isn't making my throat feel any better . I took some advil for the low grade fever . I am NOT a good patient . I want this GONE !!!!! Ice cream- that's what I need . It will soothe my mood and my throat ! :) 
Anyone interested in a 21 speed Giant Cypress bike ? I paid over $300 a few years back . Hardly used- in excellent shape ! Asking $150 . I have a picture I can share if you are interested . It's been in storage , and just time to sell it and realize I am NOT going to ride . LOL 
Asking for some prayers to come out my way . < PROPFIRST > has had 3 VERY HARD seizures this morning already . He's taking his meds , but this is getting crazy ! One more and we a heading to the ER . So please send some prayers out !!! 
He is FINALLY sleeping . He didn't want to go to sleep because that's when the seizures happen . Poor guy . He has 2 rug burns on his forehead from the first 2 seizures . He did this last year when he had the bad cold then too ! Maybe it's something with the meds I am giving him counteracting with the anticonvulsants . I just want him better . 
Okay- so he has me wrapped around his little boney , lanky , finger . He got Imo's Pizza for dinner . He actually ate 4 pieces , so he has some appetite . Still complaining of a headache though . And , knowing me as you all do- I had to add insult to injury , and I sang the \little stevie\ " song .... LOL " 
HARD lesson learned . I may be the reason for < PROPFIRST>'s increased seizures . Apparantly the Dextromethazone in cough medicine can cause seizures in people prone to them . Soooooo everytime he has been sick , and I THINK I am helping him , I have been causing the increased seizures . :( 
Happy Thanksgiving to my wonderful FB family !!!! Hugs , Kisses , and Much LOVE go out to all of you ! 
Thank you to my daughter and son-in-law for opening their home for our family Thanksgiving dinner . < PROPMALE > - what a wonderful meal ! You out did yourself ! I will see you all tomorrow night ! Love you !!!! 
Okay- so am I crazy or what ?!?!!? I am babysitting ALL 5 of the grandkids tonight . Never had them all at the same time . Wish me luck , and if I don't have any more posts , you'll know they got the best of me . LOL She better have strong rope and duct tape . hahaha 
OMG !!! I SURVIVED ! LOL It actually wasn't bad at all . The parents left about 7:30 , the 2 youngest boys went to bed at 8:30 , < PROPFEMALE > went about 9:00 , and that just left the oldest 2 up . they found a way to amuse themselves by putting as much CRAP into a bowl of ice cream that they could find . Definately my grandkids !!! 
Guess I just ordered my Christmas gift . A new projection lamp for my TV . Wow those things are expensive . But it should last a minimum of 4,000 hours . By next weekend I should have it- so < PROPFIRST > , my sweet sweet son , how would you like to come install it for your old momma ??? 
Okay , so I put up the tree tonight . Now < PROPFIRST > wants to know when we are going to decorate it !!! WTH ???? LOL I will let him add his handywork to it tomorrow when he gets home from work . He actually LIKES to decorate the tree . I like to decorate the house , so we are a good team . He did have to save the angel from falling off the top . Guess I didn't cram the branch far enough up her ()#%(#% . LOL 
A flooded bathroom is not my idea of a fun evening . 
SPRITE 
BLAH !!!! That pretty much sums it up . I can't get rid of this stinkin cough , and I just feel blah !!!! Sorry to those of you at work- I know I'm not being me ! 
? A normal person has 1000 wishes . A soldier only has one , ** to come home safe . ** I know 97% of you won't repost this as your status , but the 3% of you that do are my friends . In honor of someone that has died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please repost .. ? ? 
Okay- I think I fixed the toilet . Had to replace the bolt assemblies holding the tank down . That was nasty , and gross , but so worth it if I have no more leaks . I've been checking every few minutes , so I think I did good ! Yay me !!!! LOL 
To < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > - I ran into < PROPMALE > Hedrick at Walmart tonight ! What a blast from the past . He is doing good . His oldest daughter will be 21 next week ! That's crazy ! Ang , I told him where you live , so don't be surprised if you get a knock at the door sometime . 
Do you know any Cancer survivors ???? I found a great site that you can order some really cool things . There is a color for every cancer ! Mine is PEACH !!! I just ordered some neat stuff . If it gets here in time for Christmas , it will be stocking stuffers for me , otherwise , it will be here in time for January- National Uterine Cancer Month . It's called Choose Hope . Check it out ! 
Okay- last ight < PROPFIRST > kicked me out of the livingroom , because he was watching TV , he just did it again this morning ! WTH ???? This man-child is getting a little aggressive . He has his work party today , and he asked what I am going to do while he is gone . I told him I am going to run around the house naked . LOL He is freaking out , and closing the blinds . LMAO 
French toast made with Texas toast , and a big glass of ice cold milk . Now that's breakfast . Mmmmmmmmmm 
POKE ) me if you ever had a crush on me . LIKE ) this status if you think I'm a good friend . MESSAGE ) me if u ever wanted to date me . COMMENT ) if we ever had any good memories together . Now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste to their status . 
So I fall in the driveway walking back up the hill . I expected to slide going down the hill . And of course just in time for the neighbors to be getting a delivery . Ahhhh well !!! Might as well let them see I'm not a very graceful person . LOL Knee hurts a little , but not as much as the pride . heheheh 
Woo hoooooo ! My delivery from Chose Hope came in . I'm using most of the stuff as my stocking stuffers , but I did start wearing my SURVIVIOR pin today . My color is Peach !!! ( uterine cancer ) I may change my uniform shirt to peach . Don't want to overdue the whole thing , but I am DAMN PROUD to be a survivor ! 
Heading to the bowling alley for a wonderful afternoon of watching < PROPFIRST > bowl . Why me Lord ????? J/K Then over to see devil baby , who WANTS HIS MAWMAW because he got hurt . Mawmaw can fix anything ! =) 
I just figured it out !!! Now I know why I love my grandkids sooooo much ! Because they are the most beautiful extension of my children , who are the most beautiful gifts I have ever been given ! I love you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > ! God Bless You ALL !!!!! 
Channeling surfing to keep Christmas shows/cartoons on all day . By the way .... I fixed my TV . I replaced the projection bulb all by my lonesome !!!! Now I can watch TV and have real colors . Everything that should be green was blue . Do you know what that does to a hamburger commercial- blue lettuce and pickles .... 
I am still in my jammies . I cleaned the house , have everything ready for tomorrow's dinner , and just watching TV , and the snow . It's a nice quiet day . Wish I had someone to cuddle with . Guess it's just not in the cards for now . Someday ........ 
This man-child of mine is rubbing it in that he is off work all week , and gets to sleep late ! Tuesday is his birthday and he will be 33 !!! He better watch it if he wants to make it to that birthday . LOL 
I have a brand new nephew . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > born today- 9# 2oz . can't wait to see him . He makes number 20 for my mom with grandkids !!! Whew ! So her youngest grandchild was born today , and her oldest grandchild will be 33 tomorrow ! Now that's spacing them apart ! LOL 
Cillaxin with the birthday man-child . Can't believe he is 33 today ! We made the magazine run to a couple stores , then picked up his new parakeet , and came home to some IMO's pizza . Where has the time gone ???? 
Isn't cold medicine supposed to knock you out ? Then WHY am I still awake ???? This is crazy ! I NEED my beauty sleep .... 
Ahhhhhhh all the Christmas decorations are down and in their rightful place in boxes in the basement . LOL I love Christmas , but I love my house being \normal\ " more .... < PROPFIRST > started the process by gathering everything into 2 central locations . Made it easy to pack . I think this has been our tradition since living in Texas . " 
Happy New Year to my wonderful facebook family !!! Love to all . Be safe and wishing you a happy , healthy , and prosperous new year ! <3 * 
Just finished watching The Ugly Truth- < PROPMALE > Butler is sooooooooo fine !!!! <3 
Is anybody else as hooked on these damn Pretzel M&M's as me ?? \ 
OMG , I can't stop eating them . They pushed the peanut butter M&M's aside . mmmmmm 
So where do I buy hair color for DAMN stubborn gray hair ? the stuff for stubborn gray isn't cutting it .... What gives ? Guess no matter what color I go with it will always look natural since these damn gray hairs won't cover ..... Oh well !!! 
Late day tomorrow . Don't go in until NOON !!!!! =) =) 
Sooooooooo much on my mind , and I can't sleep AGAIN !!!!! Too late to take a sleeping pill , ughhhhhhh 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what everyone wants- to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are faced with it 
OMG it's one of those nights AGAIN !!! Can't sleep ... and NO ice cream in the house . Now what ?????? 
okay- i HAD to do it , but i gave < PROPFIRST > some cough syrup . the poor guy has been coughing his fool head off , and can't get to sleep . hopefully one dose doesn't send him into seizures again . and according to the pharmacist- ALL cough syrup has dextromethorphan . if anybody knows of one without PLEASE let me know .... 
okay- somebody PLEASE get these pretzel M&M's away from me . now I am even digging through a mix of all kinds of M&M's just to get to the pretzel ones . OMG !!! I am out of control with these things . ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Just heard the snow plow go by- and once again i can not sleep . what gives ???? 
I may not be the most beautiful or sexiest woman , nor do I have the perfect body . I may not be everybody's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I may not be proud of some things in my past , but I am proud of who I am today . So take me as I am , or watch me as I walk away . Post if you're proud of being you ! 
Today's meals have consisted of Lucky Charms , and PRETZEL M&M's LOL I am so grown up ...... I need to find a new addiction- any ideas ?? 
Ahhhhh Monday as a late day- good way to end a weekend ...... just sayin 
If you have a sister who has made you laugh .. Pulled your hair .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy ... Got mad at you ... Made up ... Hugged you ... Watched you succeed ... Saw you fall ... Picked you back up ... Cheered you on ... Made you strong ... and you can't do without ~ Post as your status !! I LOVE MY SISTERS 
soooooooooo sleepy , but also sooooooo keyed up ! oh well , a BIG project that I was working on is finally complete . WHEW !!!! Very pleased with the outcome ! =) 
Just watched < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Great movie- maybe someday I will have that happy ending too . I have the love of the greatest family and friends , just need that missing link - the man !!!! Not just any man either , he needs to shower me with affection , respect , and honesty . Actions speak louder than words- he has to SHOW ME I am who he wants to be with .... Well , goodnight FB family- love to all .... 
Made it home !!!! WOW !! All I can say is WOW !!! Drove 40 mph on 40 all the way , then I hit St < PROPFIRST > county and the snow begins ! LOTS and LOTS of snow . Stopped at SNS to get a few things and my car was covered when I came out . Looks like I am stuck home with < PROPFIRST > . 
Just finished off the homemade pizza from yesterday . Was supposed to make lasagne tonight , but just too tired . Gotta be at work at 7AM , so it will be an early night tonight . Ahhhhhhh I think I hear my pillow calling me now . 
Gonna spend Saturday with the lil reverend . Asking everyone to say a prayer for my mom and my stepdad . He isn't doing very well and I just ask that he is comfortable in his final journey . What a remarkable man ! 
Has anyone else looked at the forecast and seen a < PROPMALE > of snow showers everyday except Monday ? WTH ?????? Is summer going to be just as extreme and be consistantly in the 100's ????? OMG !!! 
Just dug out my driveway . Well , 3/4 of it . Never got the previous ice up , so this was a challange , especially on the hill . Started at the bottom so that I can get a good run up the driveway . LOL Cleared it up to the front walk so that the man-child can make it out to the OATS bus . Come on sunshine !!! 
