is Trying out his newly fixed laptop on his brand new lcd projector . Yay ! 

dillydally shillyshally 
First < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and now < PROPFIRST > Mays ?! What is happening ?! 
back from rockbridge ! Such a good week , minus the sunburn . :P 
Watched braveheart for the first time today . Great movie ! :D 
is procrastinating on his psychological analysis ... 
can't believe there are only 2 days left of summer ... :( 
cannot sleep ... 
had a cowboy crunch then found out the bridge is finally open ! Great day ! :D 
why does facebook keep logging me off ?! :P 
working tonight ... :( 
bored bored bored 
is procrastinating with sleeping ... someone text me ? :D 
Just downloaded somewhere around 500 techno songs ... wow hahaha 
Just moved his projector from the basement to his room . Finally playing Live again ... ah the happiness ! 
FUMF ! 
doesn't feel too good . :( 
goin to D.C. today ! 
' s adrenaline is super pumpin ! 
figures if he cared about pop culture and mainstream music , then he would care about kanye being a big ol ' jerk ... I just had to join in on the hate kanye i see goin around ! 
watching Always < PROPFEMALE > In Philadelphia tonight ! Can't wait ! 
is thinking about cutting off most of his hair ... 
off to McClure ! 
wonders why he goes to the pumpkin fest every year ... 
go phillies ! 
is excited for the Australian Pink < PROPMALE > show tonight ! 
all along the eastern shore put your circuits in the sea this is what the world is for making electricity 
Australian Pink < PROPMALE > > The Machine holy crap that was an amazing show ! 
I'm a curse and I'm a sound , When I open up my mouth , There's a reason I don't win , I don't know how to begin 
just noticed that I have a facebook friend \Cookie Mc Weaksauce . \ " When did i accept this creature ?! Awesome name though ... " 
who all seen the leprechaun say yeah ! 
PhiLLieS wave : „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤KEEP THE WAVE GOING ¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øºLET'S GO PhiLLieS ! ¤¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º°¨LET'S GO PHiLLieS¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø Let's go PhillieS!º¤„ø¤º°LET'S GO PhiLLieS ! „ø¤º ... °¨ ¨°º¤KEEP THE WAVE GOING ¸„ø¤º - PhiLLieS wave : „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤KEEP THE WAVE GOING ¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øºLET'S GO PhiLLieS ! ¤¤º°¨ 
is ridiculously pissed right now . failed my driver's test cuz the instructor was a moron . 
should have his license right now . Damn you old miserable instructor ! 
bounce fun plex is amazing ! 
\We can dance if we want to . We can leave your friends behind . ' Cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance Well they're no friends of mine \"" 
I love starting each year with the worst holiday and ending with the best holiday . Makes Christmas soooo much better ! 
That's life , that's what all the people say . \ 
You're riding high in April , \ 
Shot down in May\ 
But I know I'm gonna change that tune , \ 
When I'm back on top , back on top in June . 
You put my picture in a box , it was the one inside your locket . What happened to the keys that used to jingle in your pocket ? 
Who's this guy ? Mr. balloons . Mr. balloon hands . No way , no way . Get real . 
What a lame weekend . So much snow , and to make everything worse , my computer crashed :( 
WHY DO YOU KEEP CHANGING FACEBOOK !? 
Valuable lesson learned today : NEVER WORK AT A POPULAR RESTAURANT ON VALENTINE'S DAY ! 
Official total count of decorums/orders/gavel-bangs last night issued by Italy from 8- 8:10 .... 28 . calm down dude 
Anyone else going to the University of Pittsburgh next year ? Cuz i know of no one so far . 
Toy Story 3 looks fantastic ! My 19th birthday will be awesome ! 
Off to Breakaway ! Wooooooo ! 
is annoyed by the freakin fan pages that make you join and send a bunch of requests before you can see what it says ... 
I've got five fingers on each hand for every mistake that I've made 
So Clash of the Titans was a pretty solid movie I guess . I see no reason why it's in 3D though .. 
What I don't understand is ... when you owe a bookie a lot of money , and he , say , blows off one of your toes , you still owe him the money . Doesn't seem fair to me . Especially when he's gonna kill me in four days anyway . 
really really wish i didn't have to do a current event for econ . lame :( 
Off to Penn State for the day ! 
Finally done with my Econ book report ! Only took 3 hours ... what a waste 
oh econ , why must you give me so much unnecessary work ??? :/ 
isn't looking forward to the AP Psych test on Tuesday at all ... haven't even looked at Psych stuff in months :/ 
just saw the most epic Jeep . Looked like it had been in a bad accident and the exterior was replaced with different colored sheet metal . oh and there were no doors and some old dude with a huge beard driving . made my day 
I admit that I'm just a fool for you . I'm just a fool for you ... 
Stellar Kart was pretty awesome ! 
Just heard my dad whistling the hoverround music Hahahaha 
Wrote most of my anchorman-themed graduation speech for CSS and finished my interning essay in like 5 minutes . WooHoo ! Off to Senior Club !!! 
Jaws clenched tight we talked all night , oh but what the hell did we say ? The good times are killing me . 
never thought he'd be sad to leave East Penn ... 
feels weird now that high school is over ... 
so if this Mortal Kombat movie trailer is real , then it's going to be amazing ! 
Graduation : it didn't come soon enough , but now that it's here , it seems bittersweet . I'll miss ya East Penn ! Never thought I'd say that .. 
It was a good run class of 2010 . I love you guys and I'll miss you a whole bunch . 
Uncle < PROPMALE>'s Corncob Pipe ! 
Why is it that when you have a bag of Starburst , that bag is pretty much filled with the crappiest flavor ???? 
wishes Breaking < PROPMALE > had a summer tour goin on now ... I would love to see them . 
I'm finally doin it ... watching Lord of the Rings again tonight . 
wow ... i'm 19 ... 
just finished watching the extended version of the first Lord of the Rings ... it has 26 minutes of credits hahahaha 
Toy Story 3 was amazing ... 
GoldenEye is being remade for Wii ... oh man am I excited !! 
Just discovered an acoustic Foo Fighters version of Blackbird . 
Phillies game was freaking awesome !!!! 
im a gaybo 
Hates being sick ... 
Cyanide and happiness iPhone app = greatest app ever ! 
braveheart + shark week = < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > 
College in 11 days . Weird ... 
cya later Harrisburg ... 
Just found out Pitt has a quidditch club and a humans vs zombies club . Score ! 
Four cop cars outside of my window arresting what I expect to be a drunk driver at 2 am . They must have nothing better to do . I love Pittsburgh hahaha 
Just witnessed Pitt engineering students start a wave in Pirates stadium that went around the stadium 3 whole times ! Hahahah it was awesome ! 
Off to Ohio !! 
Just beat Ocarina of Time !!!! such a good game 
what is this , a school for ants ?!?! 
just rediscovered Robot Unicorn Attack . My night is gone ... 
Inception blew my mind ... 
Neato Burrito beats Qdoba any day ... 
Just witnessed my friend win a free cheese steak by completing a Rubix cube in front of the shop's owner . It took him less than 2 minutes . It was awesome hahaha 
stupid engineering essay ... go away ! 
Finally finished my paper ! Yay !!!! 
chemistry exam tomorrow is gonna suck ! 
As a college student , I have discovered the usefulness of a nap . 
Only one exam lies between me and Camp Hill , Pennsylvania ! 
dear physics exam , \ 
\ 
please don't hurt me too much . \ 
Love , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
back to Pittsburgh . 
WHY IS IT SO FREAKIN HOT IN PITTSBURGH ?!?! \ 
P.S. < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim is a fantastic movie . 
Fog ! Fog ! The fog machine , idiot ! Ass ... 
Just watched Adventureland and Zombieland as well as some ridiculously creepy flash animations . Think Salad Fingers X100 . I'd say my night was a success . 
I HATE CALC HOMEWORK ! 
Right when I'm most vulnerable , Wolfram < PROPFEMALE>'s server decides to go down . Damn ! 
August Burns Red does a fantastic cover of Toxic .. 
Dear Calculus , \ 
I hate you .. \ 
Hate , \ 
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHH LOSE YANKEES LOSE ! 
Battle Royale is a crazy movie ! 
Just heard a gun fight outside his window right down the street ! Holy crap ! 
Time to get destroyed by this engineering paper ... 
techno makes everything better . 
Dear shitty college writing instructors , \ 
If you are going to give a poor grade on a paper , explain WHY ! \ 
Don't give me a few \awkward word choice\ " or \ " repeating words\ " and then give me a 68 . Tell me what I did wrong ! Can't very well fix it if I don't know what I did wrong . " 
It's sad that < PROPMALE > Capa is my most visited website on Google Chrome . :( 
Best engineering analysis class ever ... 40 minutes long . 
11:11 make a wish ! I wish No-Shave-November would get here sooner ! 
Just had to sit through a 3 minute advertisement , on Hulu , for what looks like the worst TV show ever . Of course it's a reality show . It's called DownSized and it's about a bankrupt family trying to be smart with money , but it's on TV so they're obviously not too poor anymore . Will reality TV exploit anything ? I think so .. 
Obama : Stop putting your shitty shitty advertisements on YouTube and Hulu . You're a terrible president , we know that . You're just looking more and more desperate as time goes on . Nothing will stop your downward spiral . Oh wait , you could be a good president . Like that will ever happen .. 
I know the world would be a better place if I woke up tomorrow and < PROPFEMALE > Pelosi was no longer the speaker of the house . 
Noooooooooo why does Lil < PROPMALE > have to be released from prison ?! Now I have to hear his terrible \music\ " non stop again and hear people talk about him . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Mantooth is a saint ! 
Sign up for a free month of gamefly ! Never buy a bad game again . Free shipping , and no late fees ! http://gamefly.tellapal.com/a/clk/RpnCj 
Why is my chat box on the left side of the screen ??? 
today is just a terrible day . 
Just saw the greatest thing ever from his window :\ 
4 people with a cardboard box ( that looked like a truck ) around them running down Forbes . Meanwhile , a woman is behind them beeping her horn like crazy and screaming at them . hahahahaha 
OH MY GOD !!! WE'RE HAVING A FIRE ... sale !! 
That is not how chickens sound ! They do not clap ! 
You and me , we come from different worlds . You like to laugh at me when I look at other girls . 
I'm finding it really hard to study physics 
I swear every time I listen to the album Dear Agony by Breaking < PROPMALE > , it just gets better and better . 
Physics exam just destroyed me . 
Cowboys and Aliens looks like the coolest freakin movie !!! Can't wait ! 
They're taking the hobbits to Isengard ! 
I like turtles 
I'm a sexy boy ;) 
I think it's time we blow this scene\ 
Get everybody and the stuff together\ 
Ok ? \ 
3 , 2 , 1 :\ 
Let's jam 
I hate you so much trig integrals ! 
Hello calculus . Hopefully we'll be good friends by the end of this weekend , but that's doubtful . 
Time for Cowboy Bebop ? Yes please ! 
Just went downtown and back an hour before physics , and still have time to make it to class . Day siezed ! 
totally just got afro picks for Secret < PROPFEMALE > . Good day . 
Someone left a baby ! IGNORE ME ! 
Elder Scrolls 5 Skyrim ?!?! November 11 , 2011 ?!?! \ 
I CAN'T WAIT !!!! 
Alright Calculus , let's do this ! 
Hello central Pennsylvania , how are you ? You've been missed . 
Been home for break for one day and it's already amazing . Man I missed home ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Hello Pittsburgh ! How have ya been ? 
So I just go at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > outfit and it is a little bit too small , do you think that anyone will care if my vag is showing ? 
