Tell me everything . I want to listen . I'm listening . 

If you are waiting for anything in order to live and love without holding back , then you suffer . Every moment is the most important moment of your life . No future time is better than now to let down your guard and love . 
Right now , and in every now-moment , you are either closing or opening . You are either stressfully waiting for something - more money , security , affection - or you are living from your deep heart , opening as the entire moment , and giving what you most deeply < PROPFEMALE > to give , without waiting . 
Soon the child's clear eye is clouded over by ideas and opinions , preconceptions and abstractions . Simple free being becomes encrusted with the burdensome armor of the ego . Not until years later does an instinct come that a vital sense of mystery has been withdrawn . The sun glints through the pines , and the heart is pierced in a moment of beauty and strange pain , like a memory of paradise . After that day , we become seekers . 
Going to mall by myself in a little bit . Maybe I'll find something I want . 
You and I are essentially infinite choice-makers . In every moment of our existence , we are in that field of all possibilities where we have access to an infinity of choices . -Deepak Chopra . I'm ready !! :D 
I have to say that Dig by Incubus is always going to be my favorite song . 
At any moment , you have a choice , that either leads you closer to your spirit or further away from it . -Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > 
Well , gotta find a second job now . My hours were cut to 20 . I hate the work world . Why can't I go live in a tree ... 
Ha , mom signs on my account and plays farmville . I don't even know how to play it . 
I want my full back ink already !!!!!!!!!!!!!! GIMME !!!!!!!! 
Of course , the buttered side of my toast hits the floor ... 
I really do not care for Miley Cyrus ... but I like her new song Can't be tamed . Catchy . 
YAY ! got the reebok easytone shoes :) 
Well , I'm not buying another jar of veganaise for a long time . This is like the third time I have had to throw out a full jar because the fridge wasn't shut all the way . 
Well , didn't get to see mom today BUT I have a present for her ! HA . 
Busy day . Going to cut < PROPFIRST>'s hair , take him to the store , pick up my shoes from dad's house , then go to work . 
Trying to decide if I want to be a manager for Fashion Bug ....????? 
It's annoying being around people who gossip when I'm the one person who DOESN'T . Seriously people ... can't you just SHUT UP ? 
So ... Basically at my job I have to be this bubbly outgoing person , which is not me at all . It's driving me nuts . I don't feel like I'm being myself , and my energy drains really fast ... aaand that's mostly the reason I haven't decided yet if I want to be a manager there . 
Just woke up . It's my second day off . Maybe I will go running ! Ha . 
Maybe this is for the best ... even though I feel like shit . 
MOM STOP CHECKING MY MAIL AND STUFF WHEN YOU SIGN ON HERE !!! .... or i will change my password !!! lol <3 
Wow . My brother has a job washing dishes and makes WAY more than me . That makes my job look sooo shitty . I really don't like Fashion Bug . 
So I guess the mystery gallery does sound healing every first and third monday of each month . Found that out from a lady that came in to my work yesterday . I WANT TO GO !!! 
Taking my brother shopping tomorrow . Will be in the Canby area . Then going to his show in Beaverton . 
I wish more people would realize and understand this- \Cultivating a mind that does not grasp at \ 
Bored . Listening to Strangers by Portishead . Ugh I don't know what to do tonight !!!! 
How are we supposed to coexist and love one another when we are full of unacceptance , judgment , and when we can't see past ideas of right and wrong ? The answer is ... You cannot . 
Went running this morning ! Felt good :) 
Ugh fuck low rise jeans . I have a longer torso , i need higher jeans !!! All the best ones are so damn expensive !!!!! I can't afford 100 dollar jeans people !!!! 
Don't you hate wanting something and not wanting it at the same time ? Ugh . 
I must start painting again . I need to . 
I'm tired of dealing with clothes . Wow . 
Work soon . 
Well , my car is a being a piece , and my job sucks . I need a better car and more hours . I can't afford anything after bills !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hate you money .... 
No more shitty food . I NEED to go back to organics ... This is ridiculous . 
11:11 
Well , I will be home by myself this weekend because everyone is going camping and I of course have to work . Someone keep me company or something ? Ugh how many times has this happened now ? 
I just might draw something today . Or paint ??? 
Don't you just love it when people take your clothes out of the washer or dryer and somehow a sock or something goes missing forever ? I'm frustrated . 
The plan ... Going to Astoria the 18th-19th of September with mom to get our matching tattoos for my birthday , then maybe a month or two I'm going back to FINALLY start my back piece . YES ! This is an exciting plan :) 
Let's all just make ourselves fat with our processed , inorganic food filled with hormones , pesticides and other chemical shit that destroys our body ... 
Mmmm hazelnuts ... 
If we are honest with ourselves , most of us will have to admit that we live out our lives in an ocean of fear . 
At any moment , you have a choice , that either leads you closer to your spirit or further away from it . -Thich Nhat < PROPFEMALE > 
Love\ 
is what we are born with . Fear is what we have learned here . The \ 
spiritual journey is the unlearning of fear and the acceptance of love \ 
back into our hearts . 
Never shop at Papaya clothing . My first experience with their clothing has been the worst ever . Cheap materials and they suck . You won't ever get your money back ... or even an exchange if something is ruined the first time washed . My advice , don't waste your money . 
WTF are cookie buttons ? 
Realize that gossip between the family is quite immature and rude . With all due respect , please keep your negative thoughts to yourself or learn to change them . I refuse to let this silliness bother me any further . 
Thanks to < PROPMALE > , I have the < PROPMALE > Python and the Holy Grail theme song stuck in my head ... on my birthday . Hahaha . 
By the end of Friday my entire back will officially be INKED !!! SO FUCKING EXCITED YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW !!! 
I know EXACTLY what I want . No one can tell me otherwise . :) 
I am too much Love to believe that Life truly has an end . 
Bought my ticket . Heading to Maine on the 23rd . Will be back November 1st . 
For\ 
nearly a hundred years , we have known that the material world is an \ 
illusion . Everything that seems solid - a rock , a tree , your body - is \ 
actually 99.999% empty space . -Deepak Chopra 
Your task is not to seek for love , but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it . 
The\ 
< PROPFEMALE > for truth is the highest of all < PROPFEMALE > s , yet , it is still a \ 
< PROPFEMALE > . All < PROPFEMALE > s must be given up for the real to be ..... When all \ 
search ceases , it is the Supreme State . 
The majority of people need to realize this ... \The\ 
So much for my busy day . I can't even get out of bed , I'm in so much pain . 
Soon\ 
the child's clear eye is clouded over by ideas and opinions , \ 
preconceptions and abstractions . Simple free being becomes encrusted \ 
with the burdensome armor of the ego . 
I'm so different , awakened , tapped in to ME these days , I barely remember anything back before 2 years ago . Strange , is it not ? 
Look at what is happening to us ... 
You\ 
know quite well , deep within you , that there is only a single magic , a \ 
single power , a single salvation ... and that is called loving . \ 
Well then , love your suffering . \ 
Do not resist it , do not flee from it . \ 
It is only your aversion to it that hurts , nothing else . -Hermann Hesse 
Quiet , You ! 
Going home tomorrow . Get to see my < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I MISS HIM SOOOOO MUCH !!!!!!! <3333333 
Any path is only a path , and there is no affront to oneself or to others , in dropping it if that is what your heart tells you . 
This New World Order shit is really starting to piss me off . 
Not feeling very good . 
Today ... 
Getting this straight in my own head : So , I is an illusion . It's not real . So where is the everlasting YOU in all of this ? You are just the awareness , pure being , aware of all that happens in your Self . 
Trying to work at home and my internet is being incredibly slow . SO FRUSTRATING !!! 
I've been awake since 5:30 this morning , just got home from work , and my day is anything but over . :( What the hell am I supposed to do ?..... Tell me .... 
Wide awake , getting some laundry done , then going to work . I'm kind of excited for this work party tonight . :) 
Life has been super busy . This could be a good thing ! 
I'm tired of the city . I want to feel more connected to Earth . 
Love is misunderstood to be an emotion ; actually , it is a state of awareness , a way of being in the world , a way of seeing oneself and others . - < PROPFIRST > Hawkins 
So my bank messed up the amount of money I put in to my account by 300 dollars , and now I have overdraft fees , I'm sick , and I need to work . I don't have time to be sick AND have money issues . I'm pissed . 
I am so frustrated with work . 
Working 8-9 today . Long day ahead of me ... 
Working , and again stomach issues . This is just miserable ! Make it stoooopppppp . 
I feel alone . 
You know quite well , deep within you , that there is only a single magic , a single power , a single salvation ... and that is called loving . Well then , love your suffering . Do not resist it , do not flee from it . It is only your aversion to it that hurts , nothing else . 
Spiritual evolution occurs as the result of removing obstacles and not actually acquiring anything new . Devotion enables surrender of the mind's vanities and cherished illusions so that it progressively becomes more free and more open to the light of Truth . 
\I accept your ickys . \ " HAHAHAHAHAHA . " 
There is no better time than now ... 
Stomach Pain , go away . 
If you don't want me here just tell me ... because this hurts . 
The downside of spiritual education is the buildup of the vanity of ' I know ' and the devaluation of people who are ' not spiritual ' . Therefore it is important as a foundation to spiritual training and education to learn how consciousness manifests as the ego and its mechanisms . - < PROPFIRST > R . Hawkins 
Here we're awake and the silence is broken . 
WHY do I have to LOVE Beachworks soooooo much ????? I wanna spend $$$'s!!! Way too many cute clothes . UGH !!! 
Really irritated . Can we just stop this right now please ? This system does not and will never work for us . 
I hate sports . Please STFU 
Sometimes I miss hangin out with girls . I feel like I have no friends anymore . Wow I'm lame , haha . 
I think I want to learn music theory , and write beautiful music . 
If you have tried to get ahold of me via phone , sorry but I left my charger elsewhere and I will not be able to get to it until tomorrow night . 
I don't know about you , but I am completely in love with Andes Creme De Menthe Thins . 
Balloon 
The sun is shining through my windows and I'm organizing my room :) Lots of stuff to get rid of . 
List for today : Work from home , Clean the house , Grocery shopping , Goodwill , Pick up my paycheck , then head out to Canby tonight . 
Well , I officially don't have a job , so if you know anyone who is hiring , it would be great to know . 
I know I said I wasn't going to die my hair but wow it's getting boring ! I wanna die it a red color , AND have some layers . 
Screw this , I'm losing 5 pounds and toning . 
< PROPFEMALE > Castles was amazing last night . Danced crazy for about two hours ! Sooo much fun . 
Hmm , took a huge nap , and I woke up irritated . How Lovely . 
Just made a really good vegan dinner :) Mashed red potatoes with kale , mushrooms , garlic and green onions , and fried eggplant . Now making a sweet something with fresh fruit ... 
Mmmm ... Teriyaki rice with carrots , broccoli , red cabbage and yellow squash . :) 
The bathing suit I want is $248 . Why does this happen to meeeee ???????? 
Me : \Got anything cool to eat ? \ " Cory : \ " Well I've got Bananas . \ " Haha . " 
I am in Love with Love\ 
and Love is in love with me . \ 
My body is in Love with the soul\ 
and the soul is in Love with my body . \ 
I opened my arms to Love\ 
and Love embraced me like a lover . \ 
Rumi 
Everything in the universe is within you . Ask all from yourself . -Rumi 
I keep seeing 11 11 lately . It's driving me nuts ! 
Waking up to a baby covered in shit is not exactly my cup of tea . 
Spent $40 and got 2 dresses and a little top at Urban Outfitters . Yessss :) 
Walnuts , walnuts , the magical nuts , the more you eat the more you ... butts . - < PROPMALE > Brotherton 
Lilly+more poop = bath 
I'm so bored . This is not like me . 
This is just stupid . 
I'm tired , irritated , and stressed . Gooooooodnight ! 
Sigh . 
I almost never < PROPFEMALE > out with girls . Something is wrong here ... 
Ok , so I came out to Canby earlier than I wanted , so I could take < PROPFIRST > to work by four , and now I'm really bored and sitting at the house by myself . Lame . 
I just love spilling boiling water on my hands . 
Even the < PROPFEMALE > for peace of mind or bliss is an ego . Life is a battle , and we don't want to face that . 
Wouldn't you agree that it is quite scary to be vulnerable even with your own self at times ? 
Going to try sleeping ... 
:( 
Sigh 
I guess I will try to sleep now . 
I should not be awake . 
Feeling like I should just say fuck it all . 
I'm really getting tired of selfish and dishonest people . Please go away . 
Stupid Boxelder bug . Stop crawling on my bed ! 
You can't tell me bubbles don't make you smile ... Especially banana scented bubbles . 
We search for everything we believe we don’t have , not knowing that everything we are looking for is already inside us . We are born with it . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Ruiz 
You Juicy Jelly Bean Llama . 
Sorry to anyone I have not replied to on here in the last couple of weeks . I have been super busy . I moved back to Canby and I am dealing with a shitty insurance company and doctor appointments . Also I am trying to find a job and/or collect unemployment ... And there is a nail in one of my tires on top of the damage from the car accident a month ago . 
