Happy New Year !!! Have a fun & safe night !! 2009 was awesome in it's own way ... just as I'm sure 2010 will be !!! 

Taking my girls to see \The < PROPFEMALE > and the frog\ " !! Can't wait ! :) " 
is going to watch a movie with the girls ! :) 
You don't have to be strong all the time . If you need someone to < PROPFEMALE > on , call . 
feels like I'm @ a cross roads ........ 
had a pretty awesome day ! 
I need a new computer screen ... this one sucks !!!! 
hopes something awesome will happen tomorrow ... or the next day .. thats fine too ! 
just live ur life out in the open ... then u know where u stand ... and so does everybody else ! 
its a takin ' care of business kind of day ! 
had a dream I was drinking coffee spiked with redbull and vodka .... yup its one of those days ... 
No , this isn't your home turf any more . It's obvious , because you're in charge on your home turf . Here , you can't even gain a steady foothold , much less give orders in whatever dimension you've ended up in . Keep an eye out for the horse of a different color . 
is thinking today would be a good day to go to Brown's Lake again !!! :) 
Had a blast at the lake ... the evening ended interestingly ... but hey thats life !! 
apparently my thinking has changed too much ... because I cannot figure out where I put something when I unpacked a couple months ago ... the logical places have been checked ... maybe I wasn't as logical a couple months ago ... hmmmm ... 
Thank God its over ... totally tired ... can't wait to sit on my balcony with a drink later ! :) just relax !! 
It's monday ... busy week ahead ! Final then open house tonight , orientation tomorrow , < PROPFIRST > starts school on Wednesday . Can't wait to go camping in the dells with an old friend this weekend ... just hope it warms up so I can go swimming !!! :) 
going to bed ... making dinner tomorrow for my brother's birthday ! :) < PROPFIRST>'s first day of school too !! :( makes me feel old ! LOL ! Need to do laundry and pack for camping this weekend ... totally excited !! Sweet Dreams ! 
Is something always better than nothing ?? 
is so happy my computer isn't sick anymore !! :) 
totally excited for today ... Michelle's celebration !! No one better ruin it for her ... I will kick some ass ! :) 
Had an amazingly wonderful day yesterday ... had a blast lastnight , in spite of somethings ... all in all pretty good !! 
should be doing the dishes ... and making dinner .... 
is thinking of going to bed early ..... just might happen ! 
thinks I need to call the dr. for my babygirl ... benadryl just isn't working ... her cheek is huge :( 
thinks it may be bed time ... hmmm listen to some music first ... then sleep ! zzzzzzzz ! 
today'll be a good day !!! 
making some yummy dinner ! :) 
needs someone to crack her back ! 
bedtime ..... 
goodnight !! Sweetdreams !! 
Follow your heart and do what you think is right -- don't go along with the crowd . 
So glad constructions done for the day ... my house finally stopped vibrating ! 
Its gonna be a great weekend !!! Got a few things to do before I can enjoy it tho ... gotta get busy !! 
Haha , its like history repeats itself sometimes ! 
can't wait for Girl's night/Recelebration ! LOL !! 
took a nap ... feel a little better ! 
oooo ... thank goodness for the chicken noodle soup commercial ... I've been wondering what I could put in my stomach to make it feel better ... just found the answer ! 
gettin tired ... just about bedtime ... 
Time to make dinner ! 
thinks it's interesting that sometimes you can know which way something is going to go & other times you are blind sided when it slaps you in the face ... Like \where the hell did that come from ?!? \ " But more importantly where can it go from here ...? " 
feels like I'm getting sick :( 
is going to take a nap ... & try to sleep away this crappiness ! 
is going to write ... its been too long 
almost naptime ... maybe this time I'll actually be able to sleep ... feels like I will ! 
good thing tomorrow is Friday !! :) 
hmmm .... got some good news ... but it does nothing for me .... YET ! 
time to snuggle with the kids & watch Happy Feet ... & make dinner ... I can Multitask ... oh yeah !!! :) 
was feeling better , but now ... not so much ... going to head to bed early ! 
has had some pretty interesting conversations today ... don't talk to me unless u want the absolute truth ... because thats just how it is today ! 
thinks that the people who are going to leave my life because of the way I feel and think don't deserve to be in it in the first place !!! 
It's natural to think about the past , but keep at least one foot firmly in the present -- and an optimistic eye on the future . 
feels like shit today ... sick of lies , fronts , bullshit ... I'm done ... If u aren't going to be real with me then get the f'ck out !! 
watching the game 
is going to run some errands & hating the nasty weather !! 
thinking about things ... & its time to paint . 
thinks that the assumptions some people make are so hilarious !! 
yup ! It's Monday ..... 
is having a love/HATE relationship w/ her phone !! I have to delete all ringtones & re-download ... but I can't delete the ones that came on the phone ... but it says those are corrupt too . :( Frustrated !!!! 
tired ... it's bedtime ! Goodnight !! 
mmmm ... Apples & peanut butter .... great bedtime snack !! :) 
bedtime !! Sleep good !! 
is going to clean out my closet & see what skeletons I can find . 
is stuck in my head .... I think I'm gonna try to sleep this off ... maybe I'll have answers to my questions tomorrow ... I'm hoping ... 
Lesson learned from the weekend : Always trust your instincts .... thought I learned this one ... but I was worried I had falsely judged someone ... I didn't ... it wasn't judgement it was instinct ... I have very little judgement . 
It's bedtime ! Sweet dreams !!! 
All good and bad things must come to an end . 
is thinking I'm gonna take a nap ... then drop kids off & take my old truck in to donate it to Rawhide ... then who knows ! 
tired ... long day ... just means its bedtime !! Goodnight !! 
Your only boundary is the reach of your imagination . Meditate , dream and fantasize . 
is so blessed !! I have the best Family & friends !!! 
its going to be a long night ... should head to bed early . 
is soooo tired ! Poor Haven has an ear infection ... and couldn't sleep . 
totally tired still ... hopefully tonight will be a better night !!! Going to bed now ! ZZzzzzzzzzz 
don't have too much I have to do today ... except get an oil change ... kind of nice !! Maybe I'll get a nap in !! :) 
is thinking it's naptime !! 
can't wait to sleep in tomorrow ... its been a while ... then the pumpkin farm & ending the evening with an awesome halloween party ! Gonna be a busy day ... but totally awesome !! 
just about pumpkin farm time ... then party time !!! :) haha ... can't wait to post the pictures !! 
Pictures are posted ... and I think it is time for a nap ... total hours of sleep I got lastnight =3 ... yeah more sleep would be great !! 
k ... I'm tired ... it's bedtime ... might write a little before ... idk ... I do wish my bed could make itself because right now I am just too damn tired to care !! Zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
has been writing for the past 4 hours ... still not done ... but I'm tired so I'll have to pick up where I left off tomorrow and go to bed now !! 
is wishing there was peach snapps in my orange juice right now !!! 
totally a lazy day today ... well almost ... got a few things to do around the house before I get to enjoy my 3 day weekend ... Can't wait to party !!! 
just picked up Monsters vs Aliens for the nightgown party tonight ... gonna be fun ! LOL ! 
There's always a way ... when things look like there's no way , theres a way ... to survive the unsurvivable , there's always a way ! In the face of the impossible we're inspired ... if u become frightened , instead become inspired ! 
is so tired ... it's early , but I'm thinking it's bedtime !!! 
time to shower and start the day ... 
Yay ! 3 day weekend ! :) 
so ... the whole reason why I got on here was totally lost & forgotten about ... but now I remember !!! Damn Facebook ... too many distractions !!! 
have to go cut my Dad's hair ... then thinking of taking the kids to < PROPFEMALE > for a walk ... except it kinda looks like crap outside right now ... maybe it'll get better !! 
is so happy I got to enjoy the beautiful weather with one of my favorite people !! :) 
Go Pack Go !! 
Happy Veteran's day !! Miss u Grandpa !! Thank u to all that have served and are still serving !! We appreciate U !! 
has a lot of crap to do today ... no motivation ... & I'm too nice ... which kind of screwed me ... ahhh well everything happens for a reason ! 
You know that your curious and quest-oriented nature are really hyped up for some reason , and instead of trying to stop it from causing you to do something unusual , follow it : that's your soul speaking . 
\Sometimes the past is something you just can't let go of ... & sometimes the past is something we'll do anything to forget ... & sometimes we learn something new about the past that changes everything we know about the present . \"" 
\Haven't u ever had a change of heart ?... it's not the same as changing one's mind ... sometimes we don't have a choice about what we feel . \"" 
Tonight is gonna be a blast ... have a lot to do before I get there tho ! Better get busy .... 
going to be an early night ... need sleep !! Didn't get much this weekend ... and won't next weekend either .... I can't wait !!! :) 
Almost time for bed ... so excited for my massage tomorrow !! Thanks MOM !!! :) 
It's my Birthday !!! :) Totally awesome Day so far !!! Thanks to everyone for the happy birthday wishes !!! Hope to see everybody tonight ... it's gonna be a blast !!! :) 
wanted to say thanks to everyone who made it out lastnight !! I love u all ... u made my night !!! & Thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday !!! U all made my day !!! :) now ... time for bed !!! So goodnight !!! :) 
time to make some Rice Krispie Treats for < PROPFIRST > to take to school for her birthday tomorrow ... & then a much needed bedtime !! :) Goodnight fb !! 
Happy Birthday to my oldest Baby Girl ... Can't believe she's 5 already !! I feel so old ! LOL ! 
Obstacles are not always bad omens , most of the time they are opportunities in disguise . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ... & to all a good ( safe ) night !!! 
Optimism is back today ... it was just a 24hr bug of pissimism ... no worries ! LOL ! 
Time to finish my 2nd book for the week and head to bed ... goodnight fb ! 
Bed time I think ! Sweet Dreams !! 
is so totally excited !!!! I got classes I needed ... with some perks !! They're accelerated & are for more credits than the minimum required !! Yay me !! LOL ! 
I think .... I think too much ... 
blue & silver ... 
Can't wait for Girl's night tonight w/ some of my favs !!!! :) So overdue !!! 
Had a blast lastnight ... but I think I need a nap !!! 
Feels kind of like crap today ... need more sleep for sure !!! Kids got dropped off early because they missed me :) So I feel special ... almost makes up for it ! 
Game time !! Go packers !!! 
Things are only as complicated as u make them . 
Bedtime I think ..... Sweet Dreams ! :) 
Naptime ! 
Going to culver's and running errands ... Can't wait for my Ice cream date ... starbucks date just didn't happen this week ... but ice cream works just as well !! :) (& it's more kid friendly ! ) 
Damn U Kohl's! U make me spend money !! LOL !! 
going to read some ... then an early bedtime ! Goodnight ! 
I just can't stop laughing ... I find the world funny ! :) 
Starting class tomorrow night !.... excited ... yes I'm a dork ... it's OK ! :) 
people are entitled to their own privacy , even within a relationship ... it's not keeping secrets , it's just having ur own identity apart from the other person ... which is only healthy !! 
Class went well ... the professor is an interesting person ... LOL ! Homework ... ( didn't miss this part of school !! ) Think I'll start tomorrow & head to bed soon !! 
Homeworkin it ... lots and lots of writing to do before Tuesday !!! 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Dear GOD , I pray for the cure of cancer . ( 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you ? ) 
The 3 grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do , someone to love , & something to hope for . ~ Emmanuel Kant 
Homework ... more writing !! 1/2 way done with a 3 < PROPFEMALE > paper ... not bad ! 
hates it when someone asks a question ... but then doesn't REALLY want to hear the answer ! wtf was the point ?!? 
Class @ 6 ... 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments . 
Had an awesome night last night ... I love how , w/ some friends , no matter how much time has passed nothing changes !! :) Now I'm ready for my M & N weekend !! Gonna make some trouble ... LMAO !!! 
gonna start on some research for a paper ... fun times ! 
doin a little more homework before class tonight ... 
is thinking it's almost bedtime !! 
really wish I woke up in a better mood !! 
Today is going to be one hell of a busy day ... but hopefully that means it will be a relaxing weekend !! :) 
Homework ... got another paper to write & more research to do ... 
Actions don't just speak louder than words ; they practically shout in comparison . 
is gonna have me a Starbucks date tonight w/ my < PROPFEMALE > !!! :) 
So busy today ... Damn homework ... LOL ! Can't wait to unwind tonight !!! 
is annoyed & tired ... need sleep , but have to study & do homework ... then bed for sure !!! 
class @ 6 ... midterm time !!! no worries ... I'm a smart cookie & I'm gonna rock this shit !!! :) 
YAY !!! Going to have lunch with a friend I haven't seen in forever !!! Can't wait ! :) 
life is so random !! Good thing I am too !! :) 
going to go see < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland this weekend !!! Can't wait !! Now ... it's off to class w/ my crazy proffessor ! 
Wooohoo !!! Ordered a new phone ! Can't wait to get it !!! :) 
is patiently waiting for my new phone to charge so that I can activate it and play with it ... well ... trying to be patient ! LOL ! 
Everything happens for a reason ... ( I'll figure out the reason later ) 
Can't wait for tonight !! Time to unwind with my favorite ladies !! :) 
had a blast lastnight !! Time for a stress relieving run then gotta pick up my girls . :) 
loving the thunder & lightning !!! 
thinks we should never trust anyone that doesn't have laugh lines ... they are WAY too serious !!! :) 
taking my girls to the park on this beautiful day ... maybe I'll get a tan ... Lmao !!! 
it's not even 11:30 & I feel like it should be after 2am .... that's what happens when u start drinking B4 6 .... Lol !..... Michelle ... B4 !!! lmao !! just for u baby !!! 
probably not a good sign when the bartender says \WOW ... ur still standing ?!? \ " LOL !!! " 
Don't worry about failure , worry about the chances you miss when you don't try ! 
taking the kids to < PROPMALE > E Cheese's .... I'm gonna need a nap after this !!! Lol ! 
All stories ... even one's we love , must eventually come to an end & when they do , it's only an opportunity for another story to begin . 
There is something to be said for knowing what is best for you & actually doing it ... even if some of the people around you get hurt . The ones who are truly there for you will understand & still be there in the end , and the ones who turn their backs never really were in the first place . 
Breast Cancer walk today !! it's not too late to donate ... 5 < PROPMALE > here I come :) 
such a beautiful night ! enjoying it on my balcony :) 
I have just enough naughty to make life nice ! :D 
Don't miss an opportunity by thinking you don't deserve it ! 
is @ the park w/ the kids ... damn it's < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
had a blast playing softball for the 1st time in freakin forever !!! Thanks < PROPFIRST > !!! 
it's like I'm on a rollercoaster ride I never bought a ticket for & wishing I knew where the e-brake was ! 
<-------- A \Sassy\ " 1 in a million ! ( LOL @ < PROPFEMALE > Northard ) " 
loves the non-gay bartender who gives me big delicious drinks for $1 !! :) 
totally needs to take a bath in some aloe vera ... got a little burnt ... but it was such a beautiful day !!!! 
is @ the beach w/ the kids ... can't waste such a gorgeous day !!! 
couldn't believe it was already June ... this year is going by so fricken fast ... but I'm gonna rush it even more LOL ... can't wait to go camping in July ... it's exactly what I need !!! 
\my noun is verbing ... just imagine u verbing me . \ " Lmao !!! " 
has a love/hate relationship w/ weekends I don't get enough sleep ... ROADTRIP to go see April today !! :) Yay !!! 
Sometimes doing the wrong thing is doing the right thing . 
The best mirror is an old friend . 
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence . H.L. Mencken 
@ the beach w/ the kids ... totally beautiful day !!! :) 
I speak my mind quite freely , because it hurts to bite my tongue too much ! 
loves how dark my room is ... even in the middle of the day ... time for a nap !! :) 
had fun tonight & found out I look 21 instead of 26 ... Yay me !!! :) 
I'm not mean , just truthful ... in a kinda harsh way sometimes ... 
Beach time w/ my < PROPFEMALE > !!!! :) & all 4 kids ... going to be a blast ... hoping it doesn't pour on us !! 
Got Haven's birthday party today ... should go well ... got just about everything done !! Time to go bake a cake !!! :) 
Happy Birthday to my Summer Solstice Baby !!! Can't believe she's already 4 !! Time flies !! 
Happy birthday to my Momma !!! :) 
going out to the boathouse for some delicious Long Islands !!! :) 
Hot tub time !!!! :) 
Lovin it when CRAZY shit happens !!! 
Time to swim !!! :) Turned into a beautiful day after that crazy 20min tornado warning !! 
it's ' bout that time ... what time u ask ?.. Softball time !!! :) 
I've found that Monday mornings aren't that bad ... it's tuesday mornings that kick my ass !! 
Busy weekend ... Summerfest tonight , maybe the beach tomorrow then the Sturtevant Fireworks , Milwaukee Zoo on Sunday ... THEN the parade & the Brewer game on Monday ( Can't wait < PROPFEMALE > Lambert !!! ) And next weekend ... Vacation ! July is such a great month :) 
totally need to pack ! 9 days is a long time ... which requires a lot of shit . Can't wait to leave Friday !! :) Heading to what I consider to be one of the most beautiful areas in the state ! 
Woohoo !!! Leavin on vacation today !!! :) 
21 < PROPMALE > on the Old < PROPMALE > bike trail today ... so beautiful !!!... gonna do another 15 on thursday !! 
ended up doing 17.5 < PROPMALE > on the bike trail today ... tomorrow going to the Leinie Lodge ! :) 
going fishing & then doing some swimming !!! It's pretty hot !!! 
loving the lightning right now ! 
Wooohooo for Friday !!! Movie & drinks later !! Can't wait < PROPFEMALE > Northard :) ( U so deserve this !! ) 
looking for some good old fashioned trouble ... lmao !! Just might find it too ! Damn plans have almost been cancelled twice ... let's hope it's not a bad sign ... Lol !! 
The beach totally sucked all the energy out of me ... I'm going to bed ! Goodnight !! :) 
Softball tonight !!! The kids are so excited to see their Mama play !! 
I'm just me ... u can take it or leave it , but please don't take it & then leave it ... I'd prefer it to be just a one time choice . 
bike ride w/ the kids :) 
Sometimes being the better person is seriously a pain ! wow ... can't even believe some ppl !!! 
Sometimes u need to lose the idea of what u think u r going to be in order to see clearly all the amazing possibilities & opportunities that lie ahead . 
Yay !!!! Starbucks date w/ my < PROPFEMALE > !!!! :) 
There r times when u just need to be reminded that there r ppl in this world who truly care for u no matter what !! So make sure if u care for someone u let them know , because it'll make their day !! :) 
had a delicious dinner @ < PROPFIRST>'s w/ some of my favorite girl's from H.s. now drinks , then camping @ < PROPFEMALE > w/ my < PROPFEMALE > :) 
looks like we might be playing in the rain tonight !!! :) Yay !!!! 
just because we ignore things does not mean they disappear . They hide in the deeper places & emerge when we need them the least . 
such a beautiful day !! Going to take the kids to the beach for some fun in the sun ! :) 
Sometimes it takes a little pain to make us face how we truly feel . 
the stars r so damn pretty ! :) Congrats to Nesli & < PROPMALE > !!! 
taking a relaxing bath w/ a glass of wine after being a mosquitoe buffet @ the softball game ! 
Such a crazy world we live in where u can become best friends w/ someone who was spreading rumors about u before they knew u ... LMAO !!! love u < PROPFEMALE > Northard !!! Hahaha !!! 
perfect day to go to the beach !!! Gonna get me some sun !!! 
gonna go for a bike ride , had an awesome time @ the beach ... got a little burnt , but it'll be gone by tomorrow :) 
Only love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way . 
so I get done baking a cake for my beautiful ladies ... get ready & crawl into bed ... & now I have the hiccups ... ahhhh Hell ! 
It's Ladies Night !!! :) Gonna paint the town ... maybe take it over ... LOL ! Poor little town in Illinois that has a Cow statue ... we might just have to ride ! Lets not get arrested tho ... well ... it would make for a good story , probably would ruin the atmosphere of fun tho ! lmao ! ( April < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Knobloch , < PROPFEMALE > Northard ) 
OMG ... someone didn't realize < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > was gay ... Lmao !!! Amazing ... guy totally thought he was out w/ 6 beautiful ladies & absolutely straight ... hahaha !!! 
Time to go to the park w/ the kids !! :) So glad it's not as hot out today !!!! Had such an amazing time w/ my awesomely beautiful & Crazy ladies lastnight !!! :) 
The greatest danger could be your stupidity . 
there's some things u just have to live thru , & when its happening there doesn't seem to be a way out , but its there ... even if the way out is just time . 
waiting for my MP3 player and phone to charge so I can go for a bike ride ... then nap time !! :) 
Haha !! My oldest just said she'd pay me $30 in the morning if I filled up a cup of water for her . Where in the hell do kids come up w/ this stuff ! Lmao !! 
Took the kids for a quick drive down to the lake , so glad I did , the < PROPFEMALE > is absolutely beautiful !!! Wish my camera did it justice ... totally doesn't! 
Some of the best conversations happen @ 4am ! Lmao ! 
Opportunities pass u by when ur not looking , or when ur focused in the wrong direction ... open ur eyes & see the bigger picture ! 
Life's one hell of a crazy ass ride ... u just gotta get in the car and drive !! 
Softball is done ... Idk what to do w/ my next couple Monday nights b4 school starts ... all I know is I'm going to enjoy them !!! :) 
going for a nice stroll w/ < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > Birthday to my Brother !! :) 
Baking a cake for my broham ... going to make him a thanksgiving like dinner tomorrow , along w/ < PROPFIRST>'s 1st day of school & parent orientation for Haven . Wow ... next 2 weeks = craziness !! 
So sick of my computer @ this point ... wish I either , didn't need it so much or it wouldn't act like such a piece of shit ... now ... lets see if I can fix it .... oh boy 
Start 2 classes today , and one tomorrow ... just gotta keep my head in the game for a little while longer , I'll be done come spring , then it'll all be worth it ... Right ?!? LOL ! ( that's what they tell me anyway ... & I guess whatever makes it easier ) 
Bed time now that it's < PROPFEMALE > Northard's birthday ... go ahead everyone give her some shit ... u know she likes it ! LOL ! Happy birthday hun !!! Make it memorable ............ LMAO ! ;) 
The moment you feel it's the moment you need to act on it . Don't hold yourself back for anyone or anything . This is your life . Grab it and drive ! 
haha ... what an interesting day !! I got stung by a < PROPFEMALE > for the 2nd time this week ... they must really like me !! Class went well & was told I don't look over 21 ... apparently something keeps me looking young ... certainly not my kids ... Lol !!! 
Homeworkin it ... fun times ... 
can't beat a spontaneous little roadtrip to see someone u love !!! :) 
I don't ask for help very often , so when I do & someone comes thru , it means the world to me !! 
How many moments have u missed because u were too afraid to take a < PROPMALE > ?... Well don't miss this one , it might end up being the best moment of ur life . 
Don't forget that , trust in your own judgment , plus a healthy dose of skepticism , a dash of self doubt , and a lot of humility , is usually a good approach . 
Thinking of my grandma ... it's been 12 years since she was last here on earth ... I wonder so many things , but mostly just wish she could've met her 2 beautiful great grandaughters !!! I love u Grandma !!! Always .... U put up one hell of a fight , & u showed me the definition of strength , courage & Love . 
Ecstatic that the weekend is here !!!! < PROPFEMALE > Northard's Birthday celebration tomorrow night !!! Expect some crazy ass pictures ... cuz that's just how we do it !! LMAO !! 
\Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Nietfeldt's birthday today ... celebrating tonight !! Gonna be a blast !! Happy birthday hun !! :) " 
I <3 Monday nights !! :) 
\Minds are like parachutes ... they only function when open . \"" 
taking the kids to < PROPFEMALE > to go for a hike on this amazingly beautiful fall day !!! :) 
As in all things truly worthwhile in life , love is an < PROPMALE > , sketched and painted atop a canvas of mutual respect . 
Take it one day at a time , valuing all things with such an openness as to provide not only the proper balance , but to allow for proper action when needed . 
A good talk with an old friend lets you know that somethings never change , no matter how long it's been . Totally looking forward to tonight and the rest of the weekend , spending some time with two of my favorite ppl !! 
Had an amazing weekend ... can't wait to do it again !!! The damn week has to get in the way . LOL ! 
Put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice-people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your status for at least one hour ? Promote LOVE and Acceptance , NOT hate . 
\Love is like wildflowers ... it is often found in the most unlikely places . \ " Exciting weekend !!!! Pumpkin farm tonight w/ the family and boyfriend . :) Then April < PROPMALE>'s CRAZY Halloween party tomorrow night !! I'm in store for another amazing weekend !!! So Excited !!!!! " 
Some live well , some die well , but few love well . Why ? idk if I can answer that . We all live , we all die ... there is no get-out-of-jail-free card , but its the part in between that matters . To love well ... that's something else . Its a choosing ... something done again and again . No matter what . & in my experience , if u so choose , u better be willing to suffer hell . 
Carving pumpkins with the kids & Slim tonight & making some pumpkin seeds , they are so excited ! Going to be a wonderful weekend !!!! :) 
Happy Halloween !!!!! Had an amazing night w/ my babe ... despite some ppl . Life isn't meant to live under someone's microscope ... just be urself even in the midst of someone's ridiculous judgements ... in the end it just makes them look bad . 
If life is a canvas throw all the paint u can @ it ! 
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do . Where there's love and inspiration , I don't think you can go wrong . ~ Ella Fitzgerald 
I am what time circumstance , and history have made of me certainly ... but I am also much more than that . So are we all ... 
Redbull :) 
@ All Sports ... The fun begins ... :D 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday !!! Especially to those of you who came out to celebrate with me !! And for those of you who didn't ... lame ... LOL !! I'm just kidding I understand , the weather was pretty shitty !!! Damn my parents for having me in December !! LOL !!! Love you mom !!! Thanks for always being there for me !!! 
What you do with this day is up to you . But before you go spending your precious moments planning for yet another tomorrow , try putting that energy into the here and now instead . Before you worry about what's on tomorrow's agenda , think about how you can make today matter more . If you can master this , all of your tomorrows will be more successful and fulfilling . 
My mom made me laugh :) .. Wiped my tears .. Hugged me tight ... Watched me succeed ... Saw me fall .. Cheered me on .. Kept me going strong .. And Drove me a little crazy at times .. But moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom whom you love ! Mom , you're the VERY best !!! I love you ! ? June Schultz 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it's been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy ... But you wil ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends . They will know who they are . 
Has the best boyfriend ( < PROPFIRST > McCloskey ) in the world !!!!!! :D <3 
