Long days , short nights .... 

There is a time for roaring , and a time for lying down ... belly up . 
Heck yeah ! My children are old enough to read Icculus !! Tomorrow baby ! 
Watching the sunrise is fun ... but passing out right afterwards is more so ... 
Anyone got diabetes ? Serious question . 
So ... its official ... Diabetes caught me . 
Holy cheese batman ! 
My deadness to the world ends tomorrow . Thankfully ! Until then , chicken and dumplings for the win ! 
No sleep ! Yay ! (?) Haha . 
Dead to the World 
I myself wonder , whats on my mind right now ... 
Sex , Drugs , and Rock ' n Roll ... I kinda miss you right about now . 
My laptop is alive ! \Its alive ... Its alive !!! \"" 
The fog has lifted ! Ridin the crazy train tonight ... and tomorrow ... and maybe the day after that too ... hmmm ... What is a crazy train , anyways ? 
Six flags ... I wonder ... 
I can finally run 3 < PROPMALE > again , woohoo ! Goodbye depression . Hello sunshine . 
Anti-Sleep ! 
Hey ! Who can move all the joints of their body simultaneously ?? I can't ... 
Gettin ready for this weekend ... kinda early ... 
Its true what they say ... but I've already forgotten what it was . Something about present day dark-ages , because of super technological advancement that has lead to increased crime , which leads to cruel laws , and crueler enforcement of said laws ... Yeah ... somethin like that . I think I may be a bit off here ... like I'm forgetting something . Oh well , more ranting to come , for sure ... someday ... somewhere ... 
Holy !!! ... The spider bite was poisonous ! x_x 
Yeah ... so this may not be the best way I can spend my brain power ... but why is it that every place sells cheez-its , when Cheese Nips are obviously so superior ?! Come on man ! 
Holy cow ... monday is a blink away ... I'm definately not ready for this semester . @_@ 
I recently discovered \Notes\ " ! Haha . " 
Hello Freedom . Its been awhile . 
Ananda 
So ... what about a sitcom where people live in huge oxygen tanks ? Fish rule the world , and they buy us from stores , and we act like the fish ? We'd be dumb as rocks , runnin around in circles all day , finding joy in discovering the same treasure chest , over and over and over and over and ... 
Pancakes , the cure-all . 
I'm startin to feel old for some reason ... 
Sadly , I think I hafta start bein a jerk ... 
Who reaches for the sun , will be burned . 
A tree of knowledge in your soul will grow/And the Helping Friendly Book will plant the seed/ But I warn you that all knowledge seeming innocent and pure/Becomes a deadly weapon in the hands of avarice and greed . 
Why is popcorn so friggin tasty ? 
The sun is out , the sky is blue , its beautiful , and so are you ! 
Yes ... I'm awake at 4 in the morning . I'm just waiting for the zombie outbreak ... 
Hmm , I totally forget yesterday was Happy Twin Towers day ... 
Meerkats ... 
Stargate SG-1 marathon ! Thats awesome !!! ONE !! Haha . 
Electrical Impulses firing and misfiring , creating a reality pleasing to the eye . Which is it though that makes it so pleasing ? The fire or misfire ? 
Thought is the arrow of time . Aim well . 
Man Bear Pig would be the most awesomely epic costume ever ! 
Decemeber is coming ever closer ... can't wait . 
I can't shake this feeling of impending disaster ... 
It wasn't impending disaster ... it was disappointment . New plans ... er the new plan is to make a new plan . Or maybe just let the universe plan for me . I'm a planner . No , Plannest !! 
I just gotta have some dominos pizza ... 
Afternoon delight , in breakfast form ! 
Home ... 
This pirate speak thing is awesome . 
Regenerating ... 
5000 South with Main Street Minority !! 
Something something , no Big Cypress , something ... =( 
Sneaky < PROPFIRST > @ R Bar tonight . Be there , or be an equilateral parallelogram ! 
suoicodilaipxecitsiligarfilacrepus 
Blackhawks on the win . Now heres a chicago team we can rely on ! 7 game winning streak people !! 
I feel like a bad person lately ... 
Tragedy ... 
Growing up as the only straight kid , in an all gay highschool , was tough . =p 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes . Now I'm old enough to read Icculus ! 
Up with the sun ! Woke up , gott out of bed , dragged a coooomb across my head * doo dahs the < PROPFEMALE > * 
I'm looking at a huge drop ... Has anyone seen the bridge ? Where's that confounded bridge ? 
Oh yeah ! Thor - July 16th ! By Mjolnir ! Haha . 
Sneaky < PROPFIRST > @ Legacy tonight . 
We can stage a golf cart marathon . 
Wow , the sun ain't got shit on me today . Time to start I guess , everything is happening for a reason , and you can't stop the flow of the river . 
If you put your soul into it , anything is possible . 
Dunno 
< PROPFEMALE > Pong Battles ! The Spot tonight . 
Bleh ... just slept my whole day away ... 
Damn you neptune ! 
P-Funk played chicago last night ... and I had to be sick . 
First day of work in awhile ... now what to do , with the rest of my day ... as I bleed to death . 
Thats It For the Other One ... 
One more saturday night . 
Cold comforts 
Up with the sun ! Don't you wish you had a/ \sleep schedule \"/ like me ! Haha . " 
Doctor appt ... but then I get to wander aimlessly ! Hit me up . 
Is it wrong for me to wish sometimes , that I might fall through a temporal warp ? Or that I could experience spontaneous combustion ? I just think that'd be fascinating . Oh , what about implosion ? I've never actually seen anything implode ... I gotta check this out . 
Life ... what the hell are you doing now ?! 
As the thunder peals , and the lightning toils ... march rolls in ... 
A 5 minute break from reality would be awesome ... 
Springtime ! Birds are literally chirping outside my open window , as I'm typing this . Yay ! 
Sometimes , I watch Fox News . Just to torture myself . 
To what end ... 
J.d. < PROPMALE > and The Fuzz tonight @ Dilligafs ! See you there . 
Discord and lamentation ! The Universe has deemed that I am not fit , as pain and failure follow me like a shadow ... but damn you universe ... ... failed me first . 
People try not to look at things , they don't want to see . Anyways @ The Spot tonight . 
Positive Self-Image ! Go ! 
Well ... so its drinking day again ... I might have one tomorrow . 
I guess I lost my phone ... 
I have no real clue whats goin on tonight , and my phone is mia ... blah 
My prodigal phone has been tracked down ... hurray 
Something wrong happened last night , in the universe ... Its there , I can feel it . 
June 11th ... then August 12th - 15th . Five days of Phish , that I'm plannin on . 
Wheaties . Then bed . 
Today ! The Vernal Equinox . Hold the love deep inside people ... set your intentions for a good one , and happiness will follow you like your shadow . 
Starting to feel the feeling I forgot . Weightless . 
Holy cow . Super tired . I'm so tired I literally have those little x's for pupils right now . 
Making the new fangled guitar strap , of the future ! Watch out world ! 
The soul of Garlic is starting to rot ... 
I'm the Broccoli Monster ! BROCCOLI !!! 
Prep time ... then down time . 
Now I sleep ... only to spring into action !! At 2am ... 
Roarin to go now . Thanks you . 
Epiphany ? I'm just watching the < PROPFEMALE > grow ? 
No sun makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy ... 
What color alert is it , when you haven't seen your faithful feline friend for over 48 hours ? 
My day is totally shot now ... I'll be in k3 , mourning the loss of my cat . 
Free ! To be what I want to be . 
My Phish prerequest is in , with 20 minutes to spare . Whew cuttin it close . 
Its been 4 days , but this 1-man search party won't give up that easily . 
Goose Island Wrigleyville , Sat . April 24th . Shadyside Allstars gonna destroy that shit . 
Strife = Life 
Nazi's freakin suck . 
My chances are looking pretty slim right now . Damn you Music Today ! 
June 11th added to my calender . Yes ! My children are old enough to read Icculus ! 
I knew there was a show tonight . 5000 South @ No Dogs , tonight . Show starts at 9:30 
The Universe has returned my cat !!! Possibly a reward for good behavior ? ^_^ So happy , so happy ! 
Its ironic ... I should be 110% happy ... 
Te desidero ... 
Bleh ... gonna be a blah day out ... 
Haircut , then some sunshine . 
Time for work , then time for play . 
Everyone's already busy ... I don't want to go alone this friday , to see ekoostik hookah @ Reggies . =( I will if I have to ... jerks . 
I've got room in the car , if anyone wants to come see ekoostik hookah friday . 
See . You're all jerks . =p 
I just beat the shit outta this cold . 
That was a nice lazy thursday morning . 
I need to find a lesbian bar , and turn some ladies straight . 
And the world turns 
I've been retagging my entire music collection . So far I'm 5 hours in , at the letter M ... I should take a break maybe . 
I just witnessed a bird swooping down out of the sun , to poop on my neighbor cat . Hilariousness ensued . 
Last night was just what I needed . 
Cleaning the spring , then springing the clean . 
Huzzah ! My tickets are here . Yes ! My children are old enough to read Icculus ! 
Who can stay in , on a day like this ? Sunshine , drive away my Shady Grove ... 
My allergies have been waiting for 24 years for this day . Apparently . 
Center Ave w/ < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > ( Sneaky < PROPFIRST > ) with Special Guest < PROPFIRST > Swanson tonight and then a wakeup for Spring-Into-Action Clean-Up Day !. 
Stargazin in the south . With moonlight and moss in the trees . 
Epiphanies rock . 
Nice lazy sunday . To nap in the sun . 
Jams tonight @ The Spot . Table tennis too . =p 
Were there always this many stars ? 
Its try and find work day ... lets all celebrate by throwing jobs at me . =p 
Me and < PROPFIRST > Bosman , goin out to see Kickass tonight @ 10:20 . Hit us up if you're down . 
I can't remember when I've been so psyched to see a movie . < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Vs . The World looks great . An epic of epic epicness . 
Eliminating . If my life had a face , I'd punch it in the balls . 
Earthday ! I'll be back from Chitown by noon . Hit me up . 
< PROPMALE>'s fingers be silver , < PROPFIRST>'s voice then be gold . 
My whole house is shaking , as they rip up my driveway , and put huge things in the ground . o.o 
I opted to not have my crazy flakes today ... 
My mothers name is Gaia , and my Father is Uranus . For I am Cronus , and it is Saturday . Saturns Day . 
Two shows tonight . 
Webster Poe was the epitamy of awesome tonight . < PROPFIRST > Trobaugh was awesomesauce as well . 
Who's down for some open mic , and table tennis tonight ? Come on out to The Spot then ! 
Light ! 
I can't wait for June . C'mon time , daddy needs a new pair of fast-forwards . 
Lookin to be a loooooong day . 
Screw all that ... enjoying the day . 
So its gonna be a wet weekend . There's room in the car if anyone else is thinkin . : . Big Wig Mechanic . : . Ghetto Sexuual . : . Indigo Sun . : . Webster Poe . : . @ The Kinetic Playground . 
It's my soul we're talkin about here ... 
Let's boycott the hate . 
I fell asleep in my chair watching Avatar last night . I don't see whats so great about this movie ... 
Well ... its a semblance of plans . Ha . 
Naptime . Then The Kinetic Playground to see Webster Poe tear it up . 
Holy crap . I ran out of the stuff that's keeping me alive ! No nap for me . =\\ 
No Chi-Town tonight . Two shows in town though ... 
I've had my fill of crazy flakes for awhile . It was a dark Beltane this year ... 
Long days . Longer nights . 
E G G# B E D B F B D B 
I've got - = it = - back ! 
Anyone interested in coming to Chicago w/ me on Saturday , for some bluegrass revival ? Tickets are super cheap , and its motherfuckin < PROPMALE > Bayliss and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 30db : \Once or twice it would be nice to see you . \ " =p " 
The opposite of baby-sitting . Grandma-sitting . =p 
A very string filled evening . 
Happy Mother's Day , mom ! < PROPFEMALE > Laney you're the < PROPFEMALE>'s knees ! Thanks for squeezing me out . =p 
I can't wait to get the hell outta dodge ... 
Iron Man II : Stay Classy . I can't wait for Thor ! 
< PROPMALE > Marley , you are missed . \ 
February 6 , 1945 – May 11 , 1981 \ 
RIP 
July 17th , Umphrey's McGee is in Indianapolis w/ Rusted Root @ The Lawn . Who's down ? 
I lost alot of things today ... I hope they come back to me soon . 
I hope I find my phone , and other ... jazz ... before I hit up my journey for knowledge . 
Universe bubbles and inflation theory ... 
We are our brother's keeper . 
Sunshiny Daydreams ... 
Smile 
I am never going to give up . I am never going to quit . Not ever , ever . 
Well in the words of < PROPMALE > Marley ... \Sleep is for the weak . \ " None for me . " 
In my body , things ... eating away the evil . Terestrial possessions no more ! Not even a bit . 
? is going to miss his regular doses of ? 
Okay ... So I know 2 people are comin w/ me to Phish in June . I remember there being some other people who were coming ... WHO ARE YOU ?! \ 
Hit me up , cuz I forget . =p 
I'm just ... not important . I guess ... 
Long rests ... after sunday . 
My brain is hurting my stomach ... or is it my soul hurting my brain ? 
This weekend shall be the shit . I get see my buddies 5000 South ! And ... Webster Poe is playin 3 times in 2 days ?! Sweet ! 
Nights like these 
Man . Having the JoeMobile again sure is nice ... 
Stax , potluck , and city . Sounds like a plan . 
I believe I proved my Iron-Chefedness tonight . 
I'm definately out of commision for awhile ... 
I hope I'm not dying ... anymore than usual that is . 
If you're coming to the Chicago Fire Stadium/Toyota Park June 11th show with me , send me a message . 
I'll have to get my table tennis fix , later this week . 
Kinda wiped ... 
Balls out for Illinois Citizens Who Support Senate < PROPMALE > 1381 ... maybe it'll happen still . =\\ 
I woke up , and there was a stranger in my kitchen . She witnessed me w/out my clothes on . 
Have fun all you S-Campers . 
I'm falling . \ 
Oh , I'm floating . \ 
No power left to land . 
Kinda bummed . Can anyone say chocolate cake for breakfast ? mmph yeah 
Well , I just got home from having an unavoidable\ 
car accident . The whole front of the car is smashed ... I'm fine , but \ 
I'll be M.I.A. for awhile though . 
Hopefully they get my Honda up and runnin today ... 
Isuzu Rodeo ... I'm behind the wheel of a Sports Utility Vehicle now ... WHAT ? Haha . 
I love this weather ... out tonight for some Jams and PingPong action @ The Spot ! 
Hey < PROPFIRST > Legris , had a great time today in that awesome downpour . The roads were flooded on my way back home , and cops were out directing traffic ! 
Ohmanohmanohmanohmanohmanohmanohmanohman !!!! It'sjune! I'vebeenwaitingforthismonthforsoooooooolong! Soexcited ! Yayexcited ! Superduperduperexcitedyay ! 
Lookin like I'm gonna miss out on the funkin ' gonuts ... 
Sunshiney daydreams . 
Sneaky < PROPFIRST > @ R-Bar tonight . The possibilities are endless ... but I hope they cover some dead tonight . * wink * 
I got that from the infinite void that fills my head ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Summer Vacation ! It should be interesting to say the least . 
Entering a week long hiatus . Don't miss me too much . 
I'm < PROPFIRST > for sleep . 
I got sleep ! Nightmare filled , but sleep nonetheless . 
Some jams @ plush tonight . 
Grivin my shoop out 
There's just something about walking outside , naked , at midnight . The breeze is awesome tonight by the way . 
Man , I can't wait for all the awesomesauce to come this weekend . 
And its time to stage some runaway golf cart marathons . 
A few hours ago , I was reminded of what I used to live for . 
I can't get over how awesome this place is . 
Water as far as the eye can see ! With dolphins , sea turtles , sharks and more ! 
I've been in the foothills of the blue ridge mountains for the last two days ! Breathtakingly awesome ! 
Up @ 3 am for some fishin ! @_@ 
I'm going to stay stopped smoking cigarettes . Although chewing like < PROPFEMALE > Wales looks pretty badass . =p 
Maybe an answer . Maybe some sweet oblivious cure . 
Truth or farewell . 
So , are we all veterans of a drug war ? I've been told to choose a side my entire life . =p 
Hey everybody . 30db is gonna perform the national anthem @ the cubs game next saturday ! Tune in ! They're awesomesauce . 
Wow . Maternity's gradeschool reunion this saturday . Lookin forward to it . 
Pancakes : The cure-all for everything . Everything . 
No more hints are needed . I prefer the obvious way , besides . 
There is a consipiracy against talking about conspiracy !!!! AhhhhH ! Of course conspiracy theorists are cracked . 
Man ... so tonight , theres Center Ave . doin City Tavern , Lefty playing Breakaway , The Dal Bash , and 5000 S . @ the < PROPMALE > Park . You know I'm at the park tonight . 
It's that time again . 
I feel sorry for Superman ... he'd never be able to grow a beard and keep his secret identity ! 
Workin in the sun . 
Man ... it takes like 45 minutes to make this special porridge ! Whew . 
Rawr ! 
No phone for a little while . 
If anyone has seen a purple hat w/ a Phish insignia , I'd like to know where the heck it's at . Thank you . 
Umphrey's McGee in Indianapolis !!!!!!!! 
Umphrey's McGee , Rusted Root , and The < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! Awesomesauce is what today is ! 
Just woke up . Last night was the best ever of EVER ! 
Man , I got super sick . Now I'm not , but I ask myself ... where'd all this sawdust come from ? I'm literally covered in it ... 
String Cheese is playin Va for halloween . I'm definately lookin into this . 
Responsibility . It's pretty cool , sometimes . Just gotta practice at it . 
Trying to find a Bayliss+Austin SBD from 8/27/06 . \ 
I know I gave this show to plenty of people ; if you've still got yours hit me up , thanks . 
I have my Alpine tickets , in my hand . 
Later Illinois . See you Thursday . 
Home . I like to be here when I can . 
I've got Phish tickets for Alpine . If you wanted one , you better get at me sooner rather than later . 
I can feel the Perseids ... in my dreams . 
So ... when I got my Phish tickets back when , I figured other people would be comin with . I've got tickets for both nights @ Alpine Valley ... hit me up . 
< PROPFIRST > Legris and < PROPFIRST > iel Gemo , You guys turned me on to Phish , and I love you for it . ^_^ 
Hey guys and gals ... I'm not a jerk(Okay , maybe I am kinda ) , I simply have lost my phone and all my contacts . I'm not planning on getting another for awhile either ... 
The < PROPFEMALE > sets @ 10pm . Perseids tonight ! 
Culminating ! 
Selling my computer . It's real nice . Hit me up . 
Common Cultural Conditioning , and Predetermined Patterns of Behavior . 
Cool , Tetris Battle ! I don't share my game things , but this shit is some cool juice right here ! Reminiscent of Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo !!! 
Okay . So the Universe is trying to tell me something ... so it must be important , because it knows I don't take messages . 
False dichotomies , and unsubstantiated oversimplified generalizations . 
We should have a party in honor of < PROPFIRST > Horkheimer . 
Eternal Sunshine 
New show @ The Planetarium tonight . 
Soon ... 
I feel like I should say something witty or whatever , but whats the point ? =p 
Yes . I am still alive folks ... just dead to the world . 
Anyone interested in making a few extra bucks , hit me up . Lookin for some help w/ moving . 
Well , my mom and grandma are moved out . Now my car won't turn over ... some great timing . 
I'm still not sure what to do about my car . Bleh . 
Anyone with superior car knowledge interested in comin out to look at my car ? I'll make it worth your while . 
So , I've been watching True Blood ... this show is 50% soap opera , and 50% fucked up ! 
The latest Wheel of Time book in paperback . It's been out for a year already , sheesh ... I'm a sucker for delayed gratification . ( I really just don't like hardcovers ) =p 
Well this is random ... Grace Potter and the Nocturnals are on the < PROPFEMALE > DeGeneres Show today . 
I need a new nemesis ... who wants to face off to cool ass battle music every time we see each other ? 
For breast cancer awareness ... I like it in my mouth . 
Some people will never be truly happy ... 
I met a skunk on my evening walk just now . It was really cool . I was tempted to call out to it ... 
My computer is alive ! 
Need help movin my bed and dresser , anyone got a truck or trailer ? 
This huge metaphorical bear lumbered up to me today ... 
The weather is fitting . Wish me luck . 
Awesomesauce ! 
Get Spooky with 5000 South This Weekend !! 
Fuck you , fuckers , for not voting . 
Again ... fuck you , fuckers , for not voting . 
So I've effectively cut out the rot . Get the message . 
Lots of driving in the rain ... followed by more driving in the rain . Yay ... 
No rest for the wicked ... 
So what is Qatar , and where the heck is it ? 
I just watched Superman and Capt . < PROPFEMALE > get their asses kicked by < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim . Oh yeah , and Love < Self-Confidence . 
~ \ 
Northern dilemma\ 
Call of the cold\ 
The arms of the arctic\ 
Begin to unfold 
Small is my universe these days . 
Today especially , < PROPFIRST > Sanders is another reason why I'd love to live in Vermont . 
It's no longer today ... 
Lunar Eclipse tomorrow night ! 
Anyone doin UM this new years ? 
I'm not alive anymore , so leave me alone . 
E = That's what she said ! 
Keller or Darkstar ... I have to choose . 
Dark < PROPFEMALE > crashes ... into The Vic next Saturday , and I will be there ! 
So yeah ! I was born into the sign Capricorn . No one can take what sign you - = born = - INTO . I'm not a Sagittarius , I'm a Cap , and will forever be . All the people born after now though won't share our zodiac dates ... Why is this so distressing to me ? =p 
Thanks guys . You too . 
I'm the man from the mountain 
Siiiick ... if I don't feel better by tomorrow , I'ma put a cap in the Universe . DSO ! 
One of my favorite books is coming to life on HBO , in Game of Thrones , this spring . Nifty . 
Uh oh ... 
I'm about to do something awesome . Don't shit your pants . 
Return of the Son of Shut Up and Play Your Guitar ! 
< PROPFIRST > the Grouch was kind of desensitizing , don't you think ? 
It's going to be a dark and cold Imbolc this year ... 
I wonder what kind of furniture Pinocchio made ... only < PROPFIRST > knows I guess . 
I was so looking forward to that god damned burrito ! 
Greatest weekend of 2011 , so far . 
No one can have my cooties ... they're mine darnit . 
YES ! In March ! Heck yeah ! 
Gee , I like your pants , Carnasie . Ship Ahoy ! Deathless Horsie , shut up and play < PROPFEMALE > guitar some more . ... Pink napkins ? =D 
Holy cow ... 
April 15th @ Martyrs ' for some Ekoostikalityousness ! I'm totally there ! 
And we shall stage a runaway golf car marathon ! 
Yes in a bit , then Ekoostik Hookah in another bit . =D 
Politicians debating whether or not google is a verb ... thanks Morning < PROPFIRST > , you put it all in perspective . >.> 
A man without a mustache , is like a cup of tea without sugar . 
Danced in a shower of bubbles ... great night . 
I wonder what < PROPFIRST > Gilmour did today ... 
Soap . A collaborated virtuoso of immense awesome-osities . 
Poor Japan ... First Godzilla , now this ... 
I wonder what I'll be doing at 1:59:26 . 5 pm =D 
So I finally figured out what stumped everyone else , when all those bees died . Auto erotic asphyxiation ... 
Ok . I have to go outside . 
What ? Spider-man from ' 02 is now the most watched movie ever ? I still haven't met a person who hasn't seen Back to the Future . 
House of Blues Chicago ! Hell Yes ! No pun intended . 
< PROPMALE > Howe is still on my mind . Dude is a beast , jumpin around the stage at 64 ! 
Someone wanted to borrow Rebooting the American Dream by Thom Hartmann , but I can't remember who ... 
Escape to freedom I need to be there . 
I wonder if my computer will get back up from that dickpunch ... 
Hell yeah ! Thanks thanks < PROPFIRST > , for tellin me about Sunday Funday with < PROPMALE > Bayliss !! 
Yeah ... I was born in the desert and raised in a lions den ... what about it ? 
Its depressing to think about the current cultural references on vampires ... 
The rain smells like the Lake . 
