cant wait till tomorrow , I just hope the rain holds off ... 

Bayleigh's Birthday Party is on July 25th at Maytag Park ! 3:30 sharp ... ish ... ... 
Sometimes , I think I can see right through myself ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s 2nd B-DAY !!! saturday september 26th 2:30 maytag park ... if you dont show up , you automaticaly put your name in the hat for a babysitter night with a terrible 2 year old ... ... ... she so mean ... 
Dang < PROPMALE > Metal Rock Fest ... screwin up Kays birthday plans ... oh well , Woodland park it is ... ... 
I just got that feeling that I forgot something important ... ... ... kids are in bed . check ... house is picked up . check ... underwear clean ?... check ... hmmm ... 
I cant remember the last time I drank tequilla ... ... and hopefully tomorrow I wont remember this time either ... 
its good to have at least ONE good dinner a week right ? 
... ahh the smell of a new game ... and the knowledge that I'll be wasting 100+ hours of my life on it ... good times , good times ... ... ... 
Ahhh ... lost the keys , had to jump the car ... twice ... after I pushed it out of the gas station , and < PROPFEMALE > locked herself in the Bathroom . another Great day in the Hughson house . 
... boo ... BOOOO ! boo not having money for games that I want to play . BOOOOO !!! 
All men have felt it , but no man can hold it , its brings preasure like a vice , but it is as light as air , it can incompasitate those who are not use to it , and it can bring sorrow to those who have experienced it before . of what do I speak ... 
no internet for 3 days because a squirrel chewed through the cable ... the answer was hunger by the way ... ... ... 
damnit ... I dont want to use a personal day this soon into the year ... Im moving to Arizona , who's coming with me . WHO'S COMING WITH ME !!!... this is embarrassing ... 
I get the feeling that someones Googling my sheboygan ... 
the answer to life the universe and everything = 42 
yippy ... gotta get a new microwave ... its shooting lightning ... and no I didnt put metal in it ... Ive just had it for 11 years ... 
note to self . dont expect your back to feel good after changing 108 lightbulbs ... 
If you don't like your job , you don't strike . You just go in every day and do it really half-assed . That's the American way . 
Sometimes I wonder how sane minded people can believe that our lives can be summed up in a 66 part book written 3500 years ago ... and what is “Faith” anyways ? Fear , Discontent , Hopes and Dreams , all rolled up in a ball , sprinkled with a little Charlatanism and Greed . TA-DA !... Religion ! 
If you've never eaten a Cheese burger with garlic dill pickles and a fried egg , you've never lived ... 
< PROPFIRST > knockers = BEST TV MINI SERIES TO DOUBLE SIDED DVD EVER !... not really whoo hoo for 90's special effects ... 
Happy International Day of Innocent Children Victims of Aggression ! ... I thought this day would never come ... ... . 
this town needs an enema ... 
I wish I could put the fraidy-dog out of the bedroom tonight for when the storms roll though ... she's worse than a child when it comes to thunder ... 
Im going to walmart to get curtains for the girls room . its 8:20 and they're still sleeping . gotta keep the light out of their room apparently ... 
why is it that the nice things always break ... I cant blame this one on the kids ... 
all work and no play makes nels something something ... 
I moo when I get excited ... 
you would think DC would have a little more quaility control when they put out big issues like #700 ... 
1st day of vacation is done . first I played a round of golf , then I rearangeed the bat cave , and we finished it off with Mindrite and Cavo at peoples . good times . 
boo rain . day 4 of vacation isnt looking so hot . 
Day 6 of vacation has been great , we started off getting up close and personal to an SR-71 . then we got to go stare down a wolf and 2 bears . we're gona finish it off with some < PROPMALE > and busters . maybe I'll let bayleigh beat me in something ... 
... Zoo oo oo oo ... my feet hurt and I smell like poo ... at least one of those isnt normal ... 
I hate the end of vacations ... 
Big Brother on cbs.com! 
hmmm ... websites trying to tell people how Im feeling ... how annoying ... 
whoo hoo ... toy story 3 at the drive in tonight ... 
Back on the truck today ... whoopie ... my back hurts just thinking about it . 
Sometimes it's appropriate to swear . 
Went to look at wedding and reception places , I think we have it figured out . Me likey the old < PROPFIRST > joes ... 
... party-pooper ... no cake for you . 
... after punching you in the face , you would have a strange urge to thank him ... 
ok ... I consider myself a beer connoisseur , so I tried a Heineken today because I never had and that was the WORST beer EVER . Id rather drink a case of steel reserve before I ever have to choke another Heineken down ... boo . BOO Holland for brewing crappy beer . BOO ! 
AHHH !!! RED RINGED !!! what will I do for the next 2 - 3 weeks plus shipping time ... i guess I'll be playing a lot of < PROPFIRST > cart on the wii ... ... ... 
GERRR !!! as if getting the red ring of death wasnt bad enough , my gameinformer came today , and it looked like someone rolled it up and used it to beat a dog ... WTF ... ever since Friday the 13th stupid things have been pissing me off ... 
Geez ... \Taking the Browns to the Superbowl\ " may become a reality this year ... the browns depth chart is impressive . party at my place on 11/28 when < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > play ... should be a good game . " 
my arms hurt and my ass hurts ... the cheeks ... ouch ... what a rough day ... nothing like bench pressing a sofa over my head to put it in an attic ... ... ... 
AHHHHH SOOKIE !!! well that was a bust ... the season finale of True Blood left more questions than answers ... now I gotta wait till june to find out what happens ... 
< PROPMALE > tonight . Whoot . 
Dirty Thirty and it feels so good ... I need a beer ... 
When the world slips you a < PROPFIRST > , stroke the furry walls . 
< PROPMALE > tonight ! woot . 
its 2010 dang it ! why isnt there a cure for the common cold yet ?!?!... 
cant wait for < PROPMALE > tonight . last week was the best episode of the year , lets see if they can top it . 
Time to go work hard enough not to get fired , \ 
so I can get paid just enough money not to quit . 
this work thing keeps getting in the way of my \slacking off\ " time " 
while doing some shopping at Target I sprayed myself with a < PROPMALE > McGraw sample ... I smelled fancy ... 
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world : something to hope for , something to love , and someone to do .... or was it the other way around ... either way it works I guess ... ... ... 
you know what Im thankful for ? Hinder , Default , and My Darkest Days ... awesome show last night ... my ears are still ringing . 
I feel like Ive grown up and everyone I use to know is still living in fairytale land ... its very confusing ... 
1 more day ... 1 more day and I get 4 days off in a row ... ... ... 
Why do kids play with the cheap gifts and ignore all the cool ones ? 
Heres anther one to add to the ' things I never thought Id say ' list , \Cleaning your room does not involve hugging your sisters butt ! \"" 
Daddy's awesome because Mommy is not awesome ... so says Kaydence ... 
damn dvr ... direct TV is gona get an angry e-mail with a lot of empty threats and over the top dirty words from me on monday if they cant get it fixed ... ... ... 
J E T S ! JETS ! JETS ! JETS !!! 
... downhill derby is all done ... it was over too fast ... cant wait till next year . 
3 things I hate ... 1 . People that have family reunions at hy-vee right in front of the product I want . 2 . Casheers that want to talk about what you purchased . and 3 . Walking out behind the person that parked right next to you ... and they have a cart load of grocerys ... parked between your car and theirs ... ... ... and WHY did this all happen tonight ?!?!? I only wanted to get some pop ... 
Snow = BULLSHIT ! 
