Whats on my Mind ? too much , fuck , im drunk , skunked , been loved , dumped , got up & flunked , I won , I lost , I've song & flossed , Im done thats all . goodnight 

workin on gettin a liquor license , paperwork sucks . 
Tired of stairing at hotel walls 
I must of laughed until i cried a thousand times , but I have found that true humor is when you can cry until you laugh . 
Friday , oh , friday , i like you so much . i am so happy to see you , but you will leave me like you always do , you slut , only come to see me once a week , and just when we start having fun you leave me , Don't worry though friday , Saturday is my rebound bitch . and i think i love her . 
tonight's gonna be a good night , tonight's gonna be a good good night . 
had fun last night , slept on a floor 
To all Hawley peeps please keep an eye out for a male 1/2 chihuahua 1/2 scruffy mutt dog last seen down County Road 359 Sunday afternoon . Tanish brown in color . Please Call 518.1553 if found . Thanks . 
nap , then going out 4 demitri's birthday , 
Thinking about throwing a party 4 my B-day this weekend , but all my friends are loser's . just kidding friends , really though who's in ? 
Yeah , definitly a party at my house saturday night , come early if ya wanna bbq , 
fells good to be loved , thanks everybody 
went swimming with my cell phone last night , can't recieve text anymore so if you need something call me . 
had a good time at my b-day party , thanks to my peeps 4 coming out . I love all you drunk asses . lol 
is very confused . 
i got a new cell phone so i can text again , i feel like a teenage girl but i actually missed it a little . 
going to < PROPFIRST > for the weekend to watch the nascar race , gonna be a blast but im gonna miss my peeeps . 
nascar race delayed , finally got out of rain , when in rhome do you do as the rhomens do ? 
can someone please explain this 4-20 thing to me ? All i know is there has been a funny smell in the air all day and demitri is very happy ;-) 
my friends you make me laugh so much , God i'm ready for the lake 
im so witty they call me wittyful . i show pity cuz u so pityful . u aint lived till u < PROPFEMALE > ke flight , i just ait a fish eye 2night . kickin it with my girl and my family . always feel good with boanie < PROPFEMALE > s < PROPFEMALE > ndin next < PROPFEMALE > me . Peace & love fom cooch daddy the witty . from now on call me C . Diddy . 
question everything , it will pay off for you . 
I thank dad for my hands , I thank mom for my brain , I thank my sisters for my toughness , I thank my boys for my strength , i thank my girls for my love , And i thank all of you , because without u there is no me . 
cant wait till saturday night to see my bro's and ho's . im kidding girls , but some of u do have ho-ish tendecies . 
going to nugent , oh i hope i don't get lost 
i flipped a nickel that landed on its edge and turned into a pickle . i picked it up and took a bite then i turned into a plane and took flight . i flew directly 2 your house just to see ur face on more time , b4 i got to you i crashed and didnt end up so fine . they scrapped my metal and turned me into a dime . I feel like i got screwed but still multiplied times 2 . 
i think < PROPFIRST > broke my nose playing basketball yesterday , oh well if < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can pull it off then so can i , you know i be so sexy 
i like tree's and colors and peace , but i love fires and nightime and ufc , i guess im just a simple man , i love you my peeps 
umm ? umm ? well ............ shit . im sorry , yeah im sorry 
me and demitri built a party raft and going to the lake to test her out l8r . might be a show , lol , fort phantom , hit me up if ya wanna meet up and drink up . 
going to nugent to kick it with my peeps 
Leave a < PROPFIRST > they can't erase , neither space nor time\ 
So when the director yells cut , I'll be fine\ 
I'm , forever young- < PROPFIRST > z 
just got home from the Lake , had fun with the family , all in all it was a pretty good weekend ;-) 
I don't say this much but i'm drawing a blank > lol 
sometimes I feel like I care about people more then they care about themselves , I love this world , but every once in A while it kicks me in my Nuts . lol 
what im lookin 4 ? shit im just lookin foward , to all the friends & all the drinks . to makin you laugh and watchin you sing . & if I know the words i'll sing along . being right might be good but all the fun is in being wrong . 
Played in golf benefit today , my team lost bad , but still had fun . I think golfers named drinks of liquor shots , because the more shots you take the more shots you take . Nap time now 
shout out time , to my boys that fought in war u r my strength , my cousins who always got my back , to all my sisters u girls are my soul , to my niece and nephews who r my heart , my friends who r my reflection , and to every pretty girl that ever kissed me u made my smile . 
helping my dad get ready for the big weekend ahead today , having lots of fun and im very happy lately , i love ya my ppl 
my cell phone is broke again , I swear i have the worst luck in the world with those things . so if ya call or text i wont get it . 
got my cell fixed . if u have an old cell phone don't turn it on . they are possesed and will steal the life out of your new one . who knew ? 
Im thinkin bout goin to that dancin place that my bff < PROPFEMALE > works with my big cuz < PROPFIRST > . What is that place ? Idk but i sure am thirsty . 
had a blast on my 5 day weekend\mini vacation\ " . wanted to thank everybody that made the weekend so fun and special . " 
my niece just asked me a question that actually made blush , wow she called me out bad . 
If I died today , Would my mama keep on prayin’ ? Would my buddies go out drinkin ? \ 
Would my alarm clock keep on blinkin’ ? If I died today , Would I need to be ashamed ? \ 
Would I be easy to forget ? Could I live with my regrets ? I wonder who I’d see , Cryin’ standin’ over me . Who would just send their regards ? \ 
Would anybody say that “the world will never be the same ? ” 
looking foward to the Lake this weekend with all my peeps and this one girl that Im pretty sure is diggin me , i think im gonna try and kiss her ???? wish me luck 
gonna jump off cliffs , hit on my chick , drink some beer and then i might switch , onto some liquor to f @ck me up quicker . 
wow , im burning under the heat 
shout out to all my brothers and sisters , i love you guys , my family you are amazing , to my past , you created this monster , and to my girl , you make me a better person everyday , she calls it tweaking me i call it spousal abuse , lol 
get to relax and watch movies with < PROPFEMALE > tonight , kinda looking foward to it , lol 
I take a beating and fall on my face ! are u the concrete that im meeting or the blood that i taste ? Or are you the one behind me shoving . my words 4 you were twisted but i meant them to be loving . And in true cooch daddy fashion I front roll ungracefully , as i try to write a rhyme without cussing so it will be taken tastefully . 
had a really long and fun weekend , to much drinkin maybe ? but it was worth it . haha 
is it possible to learn your retarded ? no offense to the truly retarded , i.e. my friends and family , jk , i love you all ...... most of the time 
what a weekend , i always learn something , or find something , this time i found it in myself , and i think to myself what a wonderful world , 
whats on my mind ? a baseball cap and a rap , something hot something cold , sometimes i feel im just running laps and growing old , but what do you do ? you live the life you choose . don't you ? oh yeah shout out to my lady , alot of things been changin lately , all 4 good none 4 bad , I truly thank God 4 this life i have . 
count your rainbows not your thunderstorms 
I have found that you can predict and control nothing , but you can better yourself everyday & that is a very reachable goal that I am gonna touch from now on . 
home sweet home , ready for a new day , Thanks 4 the love everybody 
Enjoying life again , fells good to be back . cooch daddy is dead , finally . Im praying hard for my nugent family , i love you guys . 
My life got shook But I can't complain , you threw me for a loop but Im still the same . It seems that this ride is a roaler coster , Im waving at my < PROPFEMALE > cuz it just got closer , I may be hated by few but im loved by most , if life is breakfest then i just had toast . 
shout out to my brother < PROPMALE > , its his birthday . I love ya T-cole 
Joanie : You know im your right hand girl right ? \ 
Landon : always have been kid . \ 
Joanie : and i always sit on your right to huh ? \ 
Landon : Always have . \ 
Joanie : It's always gonna be that way ? \ 
Landon : yeah kid it is . \ 
I love you my Niece , you are by far the coolest girl i know 
Today is my dad's birthday , it says alot about him that on this day he could be doing whatever he wants , He is cooking for my sisters house warming , he never stops and has given us so much to be thankful for , I wouldn't be the man i am without him , & i know he is proud to say that he provided all his kids with beautiful homes . my dad is my hero & i love him very much . 
if i knew what i was doing i'd be doing it right now 
Here's the deal -- I'm the best there is . Plain and simple . I wake up in the morning and I piss excellence . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
and then you will look up , and there i will be . 
There will never be another me\ 
And no matter what they do\ 
There will never be another you\ 
You can search but you'll never find\ 
You can try to rewind time\ 
But in your hearts and your minds\ 
We will never die\ 
We are forever alive\ 
And we continue growing\ 
One day at a time 
Oh I think they like me better yet I know\ 
lights camera action when I walk through the door 
had a good weekend , had fun with all my friends & family , you guys are the best . to bad the cowboys suck this year 
And i raaaaaan i ran so far away , lol , happy birthday to my reesie , you smell like old food , but i love you anyway , If grapes make wine and metal makes stop signs then this facebook post makes no cents at all . get it ? 
girls night out and now im invited , is this a trick ? there gonna be way suprised when they find out im not gay , lol 
lets do this 
let us die young or let us live forever , we don't have the power so we never say never 
so i Was playing basketball and went up for a lay up , stepped on a dudes foot and pop . pretty sure my ankle is broke . guess its payback 4 all the ones i broke over the years . purple pain purple pain . 
x < PROPFIRST > said i tore some ligaments and sprained my ankle real bad , but no fractures thank god , got to rest 4 a few days but should be limping around by the weekend . 
i guess im gonna stay up all night watching chick flicks again , it would help if i could understand < PROPMALE > grants accent , they still get me giddy though , lol , don't tell nobody 
you don't make 208 friends , without making a few enemies , lol , awesome 
Friendship is like peeing on yourself : everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling that it brings . 
the strongest muscle in the body is the tongue 
Going crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy , havn't done anything productive in 4 days cuz my stupid ankle , and guess what ? its makin me crazy , Im going home and i will be out this weekend . 
Our first night at < PROPFIRST > Rabbit Slims is tonight . So everybody needs to come have a drink and cheer on the Rangers with us . 
In the words of my little cousin < PROPMALE > \I think all women are beautiful\ " . Either he was telling the truth or he's a damn good liar . Either way I know he was DRUNK . your right though cuz all women are beautiful . " 
working again tonight , if anyone wants to come watch the cowboys play , I will be at slims so come have a drink 
I blinked and watch my life progress , i hope this night we won't regret , I'll try hard and do my best , but in the end your just like the rest . 
dear God , Thank you for my family , who always loves me uncondtionally , Thanks for the friends , they never let me down even once . thanks for the women , who if nothing else kept me out of trouble and entertained . i want to repay you everyday , so thats what i'll do . 
beer pong tournament at < PROPFIRST > Rabbit Slims Thanksgiving thursday . Water in the cups so 18 & up can play . 5$ entree fee per team . Winning team takes pot . Come show ur skills and we will see who is Slims first official beer pong champions . 
beer pong tournament at < PROPFIRST > Rabbit Slims Thanksgiving thursday . Water in the cups so 18 & up can play . 5$ entry fee per team . Winning team takes pot . Come show ur skills and we will see who is Slims first official beer pong champions . Official beer pong t-shirts go to the winners . 
oh yeah 
O no , I see , \ 
A spider web and it's me in the middle , \ 
So I twist and turn , \ 
But here am I in my little bubble 
tired yet hopeful 
going to work , love my little < PROPFIRST > rabbit cuz he's full of beer pretty girls and great friends , u should enter into our local drinking establishment , lol , p.s. my phone is so janky and dead 
wanna do a couple of shout outs 4 some reason , to my neghew jayce who turns 14 in a couple days stop growing kid , to all my cousins i love yall and even though were spread out it makes it easier to conquer the world , lol , to my brothers and sisters out there u are my strength that drives me as god guides me . 
ready for anything 
i got it good like i should 
im looking forward to getting back to work tonight . there is just something about being behind that bar that makes me smile . We got beer sports and pretty girls everywhere , you really cant beat that combo , come see me guys its called < PROPFIRST > rabbit slims but really its more like paridise . 
Say goodnight to the bad guy 
and now , im glad i didn't know 
When I get where I'm going\ 
on the far side of the sky . \ 
The first thing that I'm gonna do\ 
Is spread my wings and fly . 
I have decided to sell my house and leave this place . i know it sounds crazy but its what i wanna do . If u are interested then u can call me or write me on here , thanks everybody 
working at slims , yall come see us and lets drink !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
JackRabbit slims is opening at 3 today , Come have a drink and watch some football . 
Looking forward to the future , and never looking back . 
I just heard one of my favorite things in the world , my parents laughing together , And I now ponder the thought . Will I ever have a love like theres ? lol 
My heart is simply broke . goodbye < PROPFEMALE > , i love you 
been stranded at < PROPFIRST>'s for 2 days . looking like its gonna be another one . i wonder if we should start rationing food , lol 
Day 4 : cellular has been dead for 2 days , all communication is down , except for the five i phones we have in the house and ........ 2 laptops . lol . looks like i might actually get back to my truck today . then its back to my home sweet home 
shout out time : To the most beautiful smile i ever saw-goodbye < PROPFEMALE > i love you sweetie . to my big cousin < PROPFIRST > - welcome home , to my brother < PROPFIRST > - keep fighting that war , to the ones that taught me something- thanks for showing me the way , its a beautiful world- i can't wait to see it all 
oh sun u are like a woman , i try and show myself to u and u burn me everytime . don't get me wrong u brighten up my days and for that i love u , ur < PROPFEMALE > hott and im blinded by ur beauty when i look at u . but i know when night comes u will leave me again , and for who ? a bunch of asians i geuss . sun u r like a woman , sun ur a whore 
\I dont say it as often as i should but I thank God for my life and everyone in it . You sometimes over look the things that make life so wonderful . \ " Leonard Lozano . Thanks bro i couldn't have said it better . " 
so theres a party next saturday at my parents house out in hawley , coincidently im turning 25 , lol , everyone is invited 
cant wait till saturday , party at my parents , yall know how we do it 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes , fells good to be 25 and to be able to see alot of the ppl ive met and influenced me over the years go out of there way to acknowledge my b-day , so thanks everyone i love ya and lets celabrate . Lucky mule tonight and my parents on saturday 
