let Christmas break begin ! 

wants the snow to leave and never come back 
how could i not see something that is right in front of my face ?....... at least i see it now ! 
calm and at ease . 
The Holy Spirit gave you new life . Flesh gives birth only to flesh , Jesus said . It takes the Holy Spirit to give a spiritual birth ( < PROPFIRST > 3:6 ) . And it is through that Spirit that God's love was poured into your heart ( Romans 5:5 ) . The Holy Spirit also provides an inner witness ( an assurance ) that you are a Christian ( Romans 8:16 ) . 
1 Corinthians 13:4 -7Love is patient and kind . Love is not jealous or boastful or proud or rude . Love does not demand its own way . Love is not irritable , and it keeps no record of when it has been wronged . It is never glad about injustice but rejoices whenever the truth wins out . Love never gives up , never loses faith , is always hopeful , and endures through every circumstance . 
ok 
12 pounds in four days ??????? wow 
there are ladybugs everywhere ! 
Well ....... Some guy just screwed me over on ebay . Now im out 350 bucks ....... 
watching Along Came < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > tonight . : 0 
wayyyy too much homework . why do i procrastinate ? 
Senses Fail - The Priest and the Matador .... is one of the saddest songs iv ever heard 
One < PROPFEMALE > of a tri < PROPFEMALE > is 10 degrees greater than the smallest < PROPFEMALE > , and the third < PROPFEMALE > is 30 degrees less than twice the smallest < PROPFEMALE > . Find the measures of the three < PROPFEMALE > s ............. WHO CARES !!!!!!!! i hate math 
my tooth and tummy hurt ! 
pokemon ROCKS ! 
things happen when you do stuff 
Just beat FF13 ! 
gooooood night 
not tired at all ! someone talk ! lol 
SHIBONER ! thats loud ! 
gay ... 
iowa ! 
hmmmmmm ..... where to get a job .... 
just started wow back up ! lol 
ahhhhh . the < PROPFEMALE > of doing absolutely NOTHING ! 
Car is payed off ! thank god 
iowa drivers are INSANE !!!! 
the Expendables is a for sure my fav movie of the year ! highly recommended 
dur 
WOW till 2:30 with button ? good times ! lol 
oops ...... slept through my first class today ... :/ 
Feels like somethings missing .... hmmm 
i just got 13 hours of sleep ..... now .. what ... to .. do .... 
car is officially for sale ... 
If It Means A Lot To You is a bad ass song 
Bought a new car 11 minutes ago ! 
by by old camaro ..... :( 
kearney drag strip today ! 
Weiner 
Left my accout\ 
Left account logged in at alltel .... dumbass 
Hey , I'm an idiot and left my Facebook logged in on the Droid in Alltel ! 
cleaning a hoarders house is like running on treadmill ...... you get nowhere !!! 
cars piss me off 
what a eventful night ! 
headache 
One on one tackling ........ 
my bed treats me so well . lol 
Once again we destroyed ourselves .... 
my stomach can only take so much pain ! 
i think i shattered my pelvis ! 
Kiteh 
STEELERS ! 
fixed the pain in the ass ground problem in my car today . NICE WEATHER ! 
The packers are gay ...... 
3 turnovers ?....... I'm gona go cut myself ...... 
Rest in piece Patches 
sigh ...... short hair again ....... 
there is no such thing as sleep when there is a thing called facebook to sit around on 
birthday over .... :( thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
never knew not being able to drive my car would suck sooo much ass ! 
And the homework keeps pilling up as i keep putting it off ..... haha 
something needs to go right pretty soon ! 
computer is fixed !! 
3 essays to write ! D: who wants to help ???? 
Might get my wisdom teeth pulled ... 
< PROPFEMALE > crap i have the most bad ass cursor in the WORLD ! haha 
Ahhhhhh .. car is clean ! 
Were did this piece of fur come from ?? 
im gona go cry myself to sleep ! 
men 
cant wait to just move already ! 
I'm so ready to paddle boat ! 
I am now officially a tenant of a house ! 
finally a day off ! and i just woke up ... lol 
nuckin futs 
New home here I come ! 
internet !!!!! 
mmmmmm ... feels so good to have a doctor cut a piece of metal out of your eyeball .... 
wisdom teeth getting pulled tomorrow at 9 ........ 
< PROPMALE > KFC isn't near as good as < PROPMALE>'s ....... 
money and me reallllllly dont get along 
