<3 What if you wasted love and our love in time disappeared and the sad song ends up being the last song you'll ever hear 

Theres no one that comes close to you . Cause only you can love me this way . 
Thinks Love is for Idiots !! 
I wouldn't know the right path in front of me even if it had its own sign . 
:( 
Feels like I've always known u and i swear i dreamt about u all those endless nights i was alone . Its like I've spent forever searching now i know that it was worth it , with u it feels like i am finally home . Fallin head over heels ! 
I think after the day I've had I deserve a bad massage . Any Takers ?? 
After the day I've had I deserve a back massage ! Any Takers ? 
WOW !! MMkay .. 
My nose is stuffed but i can still spell B.S. coming out your mouth . 
< PROPFEMALE > Neg A Wey Pri ?? 
Thx mom for bringing me down some medicine . I really needed more ! Three different kinds just wasnt enough . haha :D 
Its like I've seen it all before . But I can't turn around and walk out the door . Walk away from everything we've been through ... 
The world may end one day but my love will go on forever ! <3 
Come check out Relaxation Station !! 
Ugh im bothered !!! My cell phone is off .... and the house phone i am on now keeps beeping in my ear because its dying ! SERIOUSLY ! 
Work was < PROPFEMALE > good today i got $100 for a tip . Damn im good . :) lol 
<3 I pulled the covers over my head and tried to catch some sleep , but thoughts of us kept keeping me awake ... :) Miss you . 
Just hold me close to you , Let me listen to your heart beat <3 <3 <3 
Sometimes i sit and i wonder And i just can't seem to believe What a blessing it's been to be loved . You're an angel sent to me , You're the < PROPFEMALE > who lights up my sky , You're the one who made me see That you don't need wings to fly . Your love has set me free Cause you are the one who makes me whole In my heart and in my soul And just like the sun you showed me the light I'm amazed and you're the reason why 
<3<3<3 I remember trying not to stare the night that i first met you ... you had me mesmerized and three weeks later in the front porch light taking 45 minutes to kiss goodnight I hadnt told u yet but I thought I loved u then . <3<3<3 
i got my son a hair cut FINALLY and now im missing his old hair that i could run my fingers through . his little tail is gone .. :( lol 
i hate teenagers !!!! OMG < PROPMALE > is telling my two year old son peyton that he is going to have monsters come downstairs while he is sleeping and tear off his toes and legs and fingers and lips so in the morning they will be all gone . someone please come deal with this idiot who is standing in my room making pretend farting noises ... PLEASE before i strangle him . lol 
<3 Love doesn't come with a contract You give me this I gave you that .. It's scary business Your heart and soul is on the line . Why else would I be standing round here so tongue-tied for .. If I knew what I was doing I'd be doing it right now my words might not be magic But they cut straight to the truth so if you need a lover and a friend ... I'm in !! 
My mind is Flustered right now . I dont know what to do .....! One way could be great and the other could as well just with a few bumps in the road .. UGH my heart is telling me one thing and my brain is telling me another i just want to break down right now .. :( This sucks !!!! 
F you .. F you ... F you and you and you . ! :D hahahahahahaahahahaha 
ready to ripe this damn tooth out of my head :( Im dyin here ! 
You mean so much to me but im better off with out you .. yet your the only one i want and the only one who means anything anymore ..! 
<3 <3 So where do we go from here with all this fear in our eyes .. And where can love take us now we've been so far down .. We can still touch the sky .. If we crawl Til we walk again then we'll run until we're strong enough to jump Then we'll fly until there is no wind .. So lets crawl , crawl , crawl , Back to love <3 <3 
Started off the day feeling like crap , but gradually it seems to just keep getting better and better ! <3 
<3 Broken . 
Tonight is the night where i may just punch somebody just because .. 
I woke up early this morning around 4am with the < PROPFEMALE > shining bright as headlights on the interstate I pulled the covers over my head and tried to catch some sleep but thoughts of us kept keeping me awake ever since you found yourself in someone else's arms I've been tryin ' my best to get along .. 
What am I suppose to do when the best part of me was always you what am I suppose to say when I'm all choked up and your ok ... I'm falling to pieces . They say bad things happen for a reason but not wise words gonna stop the bleeding I'm still grieving Cause when a heart breaks no it don't breakeven <3 
Sometimes we dont learn from our mistakes sometimes weve no choice but to walk away tried to break my heart Well its broke Tried to < PROPFEMALE > me high Well Im choked Wanted rain on me Well Im soaked Soaked to the skin . Its the end where I begin Now Im alive and my ghosts are gone Ive shed all the pain Ive been holding on the cure for a heart is to move along .. move along What dont kill a heart only makes it stronger . 
My phone sucks everytime i try to text someone i push one letter and it types a completely different letter ... this might be the night me and my phone go at it ! Come morning time it could possibly be shattered on my floor !!!! DAAHHHHH ! 
When i step on the scene ya'll know me cause i walk a limp like an old school pimp like a real O.J. Im rockin vans im in the sand i got a redbull n vodka up in my hand . HEY ! This what i wanna do .. Drink all day play all night lets get it poppin bitch ... I gotta plan whats ur cell we playin naked twista back in my hotel .. GET YOUR HANDS UP !! 
Whisper what you said one more time .. I could have sworn I heard u say that u are mine . I will be the only one if u say you'll never go .. I'll be screaming out your name from the back row . You will be my only one .. Two lovers in the night waiting for the sun to rise . 
today kinda just uhhmmm really SUCKS !!!! whoever came up with V-day should be slapped 
All i have to say is FUCK YOU ! You can lie to everyone and keep on telling your lies but Im not stupid and sure as hell not blind I wish you could get hit by a bus so i would never have to hear your voice or see your face you disgust me . please go away forever . :D 
I know that the bridges that I've burned along the way have left me with these walls and these scars that won't go away and opening up has always been the hardest thing until you came along . So lay here beside me just hold me and don't let go this feelin ' I'm feelin ' is somethin ' I've never known and I just can't take my eyes off you . <3 
Love me without fear , Trust me without wondering , Love me without restrictions , Want me without demand , Accept me how i am . 
My heart is blind but I don't care ' cuz when I'm with you everything has disappeared and every time I hold you near I never wanna let you go .. <3 
I use to dream about the life im living now I know theres no doubt . I made it . Money be fallin ' from the Sky-y-y-y-y-y . See I dont live for fame just the love of the game . I look up to the sky I know the world is mine . 
If I had a weapon ... somebody might be hurt ! My brother was suspended from school today and he is as bad if not more than my 2 yr old son . I need a drink a big big big big bigggggggggg drink !!!!!!!! please . 
BUTT NUGGET !!?!? 
trying to look at the brighter side of things .... hmm .. this is kinda difficult . 
I dont think Ive ever laughed this hard in a long time my stomach hurts < PROPFEMALE > bad and im crying ...... WOW i can barely catch my breathe .. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA I love this !! 
So .... This could be the beginning of an AMAZING thing .. 
I will not leave a letter .. nothing at all im sure you wont even notice im even gone .. why did i stay here for so long when were < PROPFEMALE > far gone . i feel so stupid for taking this fall i should have seen it .. known all along .. what could u possibly want from me .... :/ 
Sometimes I lay under the < PROPFEMALE > and thank God I'm breathing then I pray don't take me soon cause I'm here for a reason sometimes in my tears I drown but I never let it get me down so when negativity surrounds I know some day it'll all turn around 
Should we say go ? Should we say stay ? Do we stand tall ? Or do we fade away ? Do we keep on ? Or Do we fall down ? I won't say goodbye . I won't say that now ! 
Say what you mean , Mean what you say ! I <3 Him ! 
You are the one , who makes it worth getting up in the morning . I'd trade the sun , for the < PROPMALE > to show you I'm all in . We could be like < PROPFIRST > and Beyonce , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > us like a movie , take that < PROPMALE > on love yeah . Now I can't predict what the future holds , but I'll fight forever to keep you close . <3 <3 <3 
Does anyone know where a REALLY REALLY REALLY tall bridge is ? I need to jump off it ! UUUUGGGGGHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I miss those blue eyes .. how you kissed me at night .. I miss the way we see like there's no sunrise .. like the taste of your smile .. I miss the way we breathe but I never told you .. what I should have said .. no I never told you .. I just held it in and now I miss everything about you !! 
So im standing in the kitchen and all the lights are off ... I hear this scary noise that makes me jump and actually stop what im doing and look around me to see what it was ... I walk in the the tv room and find to my surprise .... My son snoring !! HAHAHAHA scared the crap out of me . but i love him ooooh so much ! Now he just needs to get better fast ! 
Today was almost a great day :) haaaaaaaaaaaaaa FYI < PROPFIRST > ... I'm still hyper 
When I close my eyes all I see is you . Every song I hear All I think of is you . It hasnt been that long and I cant stop thinking about you . I miss you 
Way to tired for today ... Can't it be over already 
<3 <3 <3 Every road that I've been down the only truth that I have found there's only one thing I can't live without ... You . I was searching for something I thought I would never find then came you . I thought I knew what the real thing was but nothing shakes me like your love does . I've been hypnotized . Now I realize <3 <3 <3 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars I could really use a wish right now .. wish right now .. wish right now :D 
Sometimes I wonder ..... If i was just put on this earth to fail .. If so im doin great 
I wish for ........... 
<3 I really need you tonight .. our love is going to start tonight ... once upon a time i was fallin in love now im only fallin apart . 
I JUST WANT TO SCREAAMMMMMMMMMMMMM ! 
Each new day I'm moving forward , I push the fear away and I let go . I'm so through with barely hanging on leaving what's in the past behind . I come closer to crossing over the line and I won't stop until I get what I've been fighting for . You've said it all before . Tell me again I am strong , tell me again I won't fall , take me beyond what I can see break me , make me believe . You have made me all I need to be . <3 <3 <3 
If u could see me yesterday who I used to be before the change u'd see a broken heart u'd see battle scars . It's funny how words can't explain how good it feels to break the chains . I'm not what I have done I'm what I've overcome . I know I'll stumble I know I'll still face defeat these second chances will define me . So I'm moving forward . I'll make mistakes and I might fall But I won't break . 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn .. Yeah that's alright cause I love the way it hurts ..... Just gonna stand there and watch me cry .. Yeah that's alright cause I love the way you lie .. 
Great birthday . Being drunk is great ugly people turn pretty . It's amazing 
You make me laugh !! :D hahaha 
Moving forward . Forgetting the ones that dont matter . And remembering the ones who do . My life couldnt be better right now !!! 
I'm not your lover , I'm not your friend .... Goodbye SLC .. 
With a word , with a line\ 
With a smile that says goodbye\ 
Baby goodbye\ 
\ 
It's raining now on < PROPMALE > street \ 
And I'd walk to you if I could trust my feet :/ 
I keep on running , keep on running and nothing works . I can't get away from you , no\ 
I keep on ducking , keep on ducking and nothing helps . I can't stop missing you yeah\ 
It's like I'm his new nightmare he ain't escaping . It makes me feel a bit complete yeah\ 
Knowing someone you love don't feel the same way about ya .. Memories , they soon delete .. hmmmmmmm 
And when I thought it couldnt get any worse .. \ 
It turned around and became GREAT !! :) \ 
ps . kid cudi is amazing 
It's so hard to find someone who cares about you\ 
But it's easy enough to find someone who looks down on you\ 
Why is it so hard ?? 
get lip pierced or no ..????? 
So I've been reading fablehaven at work the last two days almost finished the first book . If you liked < PROPMALE > potter or fairtales/adventure you will love this book . I do !! 
Why's everything have to always be so darn confusing . 
Because of your smile you make life more beautiful 
When the lights go out youve always been the one to turn them back on . What will i do now ?? - Goodbye < PROPMALE > . I will Miss you ! 
Cali here I come !!! :) hehe I wish . This snow sucks 
Had so much fun last night with my three favorite people 
I have the sweetest guy friend in the world . :) 
Had the best workout at the gym tonight . Yay baby !! :) 
