American History/Government blows , needless memorizing that I'll forget anyways . 

Had an extreme right-wing conservative christian try to convert me today , telling me if I don't I will go to hell . Ah , those crazy Texans . 
Note to self ... don't eat meat when its been sitting for over a week . 
I just made Chocolate Mousse from scratch the first time and it is delicious . mmmmmmmmmmmm Who knew I could cook 
I fucking HATE cars . I just replaced the engine 3 weeks ago because the motherfucking cylinders heads warped caused by overheating which in turn I had to replace the radiator , water pump , fan and the hoses . Then the battery died a week ago and now the god damn alternator is shot . I have pretty much change nearly 90% of the shit under the hood costing more than the fucking car is worth . 
Ahh , drinking wine and studying both American History and Psychology . It's great to multitask . 
Even after being sober for nearly two years , I still find myself writing research papers and manuals on drugs , their history , chemical interactions and chemical synthesis . Who would have known that I could make a career out of my past drug obsessions ? Funny thing is my professors actually enjoy them . 
In the 1930's , FDR set up what he called the New Deal to resolve inner conflints of the unconscious by avoiding passive voice and no actor in subject . Wait , Is that right ? 
I'm Freeeeeeeeeeeeee , no more finals , yeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
Heading out of TX for the week , IL here I come . 
Back in TX and surprisingly happy about it , its not NY but at least its not like IL . 
How the fuck is it 25 degrees in TX and 45 in the Northeast ? 
Can't sleep clown will eat me , Can't sleep clown will eat me , Can't sleep clown will eat me , Can't sleep clown will eat me , 
is homesick 
HOLY SHIT , I went to a bar last night , ask for a < PROPFEMALE > car bomb and the bartender stared at me like deer in headlights . Not only did she not know what I was talking about but no other person around ( including the other two bartenders ) had heard of it either . These people are deprived . And since they never heard of it they charged me for three seperate drinks totaling $14 for one drink . 
Yay , its SNOWING in texas . Hehe I am so excited I actually make a snow < PROPFEMALE > . Ah , I missed you snow . 
Nay , it snowed nearly 10 inches ( A record for this part of tx ) thrusday into friday and it has already melted . Boooo 
Thinking about spending the whole summer in NY but I don't know . Hmmmmmm ??? 
What's the difference between peanut butter and jam ? 
I was numb , numb without the sense of time . with it's last stroke , relieved I was . There were cautions slinging to one ear and twleve shrouded reasons ringing in the other and before me , at last a blinded light appeared . 
is off to New Orleans . 
Back to TX and I came to the conclusion that New Orleans is the second best city I been to . 
BACKPFEIFENGESICHT 
Writer's block sucks 
Jittery , sleep deprivation and general loopiness , oh overnights how I've missed you . 
Happy 4:20 everyone , since I don't smoke anymore take a hit for me . 
3 more weeks of school then hopefully I can find a job/place for the summer in the NY and finally let loose . 
Two side steps that begin to stare into the windows without a glare . And clouds begin to slowly spread into words better left unsaid . The sun and < PROPFEMALE > collide up above while stars shattered amongst this love and the two lone birds begin to sing silently about their foolish dreams Their truths rely on these causalities of lies . 
Tempur-Pedic is like laying on a cloud . Now only if my cloud go and down then I would be in heaven . 
Summer school moves more at my pace plus a lot less bulshit 
I be lovin ' this new English pirate natter . ' tis farrgin ' awesome . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Grey , wha ' th ' Davy Jones ' locker be up wit ' all th ' metal scallywags dyin ' lately ? 
Arr , wit ' car issues , school ' n basic bad ness , I be nah make t ' NY this summer sooo ... who wants t ' come visit me in th ' okay state o ' Texas ( its nah as bad as ye might reckon ) I needs somes o ' NY 
I love Beer , Thank you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > if wasn't for your beer then I would have never enjoyed beer as much as I do now ;) 
So I am trying to sell my car on craigslist and about an hour after posting it I get a text asking if I would trade for a horse or guns . Only in Texas . LOL 
After a weekend of moving I am finally able to relax at my new place 
starting my second session of summer school today and I am VERY excited about it even though it's American Gov't but I need something to keep me busy besides drinking . 
twenty-three days until nest semester , can't wait . Summer is to fucking boring and alcohol helps a little but not enough . 
i loveded working de morning . 
Hi , My name is < PROPMALE > Fox and I am addicted to Guitar Hero ! 
The worst thing about being away from NY is ... I can't be there for my Sis . \ 
\ 
Things you do in order to help yourself . Is it worth it ? 
I'm actually going to bed early , man next week is going to be burtal getting up at 7am 
So is House M.D. in spainish actually Casa M . Hmmm ? 
It's actually 79 degrees in TX IN AUGUST , Fuck yeah . Only problem is it will be in the 90's tomorrow but thats still better than 100+ like it's been for the past 2 months 
Just found out my miss little puppy died a couple of hours ago . Very VERY sad :( when I was so excited about returning to school tomorrow 
Holy shit , I'm going to bed before 3am , I guess my body is slowly adjusting to waking up in time for school 
I'm smoking my last cigarette EVER , yay me wooooooot hehe 
So I just realized I no longer remember anything about Algebra , in fact I haven't had a real Math class ( statistics doesn't count ) since 2004 . But its slowly coming back to me . Good thing I decided to take just basic College Algebra instead of jumping into Calculus 
Fuck I am never in the right spot for the awesome weather or events . I was a few months late to NY for the Tropical storm in 2000 , now Hurricane ( Tropical Storm ) < PROPMALE > or even the backout in 2003 which I went on a worthless vacation . Damnit all I got is HOT fucking weather . Oh well maybe something else will turn out . 
so borededed 
It's been one week since my last cigarette . Suck it nicotine . 
After two weeks my brain has finally switch back over from creative thinking to analytical thinking . Yay the math and the sciences , they are actually fun again , hehe . 
< PROPFEMALE > !!! 
You know what I miss ... Polland Spring . Its always the small things . 
Top Sirloin and mash potatos with < PROPFIRST > Adams ... Simple but Mmmmmmmm 
It has been exactly one month since i smoked a cigarrette , woooohooooooooooo oo 
Realization : I drink too much so no more alcohol 
Time to delete some friends 
Should I stay or should I go now ? 
No sex , no drugs , no wine , no women , no fun , no sin , no you , no wonder it's dark 
So < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > W . Bush were in a plane . < PROPFIRST > threw $5.00 out the plane and said \I just made one person happy . \ " < PROPMALE > looks around then at < PROPFIRST > and throws < PROPFIRST > out of the plane and says ... \ " I just made EVERYONE happy \"" 
Why is it always the ugly ones ? 
Shit , Texans are too fucking slow . 
Yup , Mmmhmmmm . 
Baking Ziti , it's been over 2 years since the last time I made it , hoping it turns out good . The spaghetti and meatballs turned out great the other night 
Google won't search for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > because it knows you don't find < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , he finds you . 
2 bottles of red wine + 4 beers + 3 shots of whiskey + 1 car bomb = bad Sunday , but still puke free since ' 03 . Damn I love my body . 
LAZY ASS MOTHERFUCKING < PROPFEMALE>'s , the one Chem lab that I was looking forward where we were supposed to synthesize acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) the < PROPFEMALE > decides that it's too complicated being it's the last class . It was the first lab where we actually did something where we didn't just observe and calculated . \ 
Mow I have to wait for Organic Chem , Bastards . 
Thank you all for the Birthday wishes , it's been one of the best B-day's I've had in awhile . 
Chemistry Final : check , US History Final : check . Now All I need to do is teach myself Physics and Calculus by next semester . Yay for winter break 
WHITE CASTLE !!!! Oh how I missed you . 
Holy Fuck its cold . 17 degrees but with the wind it feels like 5 . god I've missed this . 
Back in Denton , woo the fucking hoo 
WAFFLES !!! 
Yay , snow !!! 
Okay so its official , there is nothing to do within the city of Denton other than drinking . 
