New Orleans was NUTS !!!!! Spontaneous trip for an awesome way to ring in the new year was Successful ! On to Hawaii on the 5th then back on the grind on the 16th . 

it's hot outside and inside our broken AC house . :( 
is excited to introduce < PROPFEMALE > to Aggie Dad , but has to make sure she watches out for his A&M influences . 
I'm sad that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died . 
Now I\m going to have a sing along to the tribute music videos . Don't stop till you get enough . OHHH YEAHH Get em < PROPFIRST >." 
is thinking . 
said that she wouldn't watch the show Army Wives , but is sadly addicted to it now . Bah .... 
My mind is on the Army , PT School , Family , and 144,000 < PROPMALE > on a car to commute back and forth 5 days a week for 2 years . Not to sure on that one . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY STANNNNN 
is trying to focus , but EE is getting in the way . 
My Brain hurts . All I want to do is play with my Pre and the baby but nooooooooo Lab 16 is sucking the life from me . Not fun . 
Dear EE gods , please < PROPMALE > me a C so that I don't have to take it again . I promise I'll be good . :D - Love , < PROPFIRST > Timm Bassett 
Shenanigans !!! 
I need a Calc Tutor . :( 
RIP Sgt . You were an awesome dog . Keep Dad company and keep singing to your law and order theme song . Love you . 
So It's Not the Flu . It's not strep . Man upstairs , if this is a cruel joke to make me drop another semester and stay in college it just isn't right . I just want to GRADUATE already DARNIT !!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is the cutest turtle everrrrr . 
Praying for those whose mommies , daddies , brothers , sisters , sons , and daughters who didn't make it back home today . To fight so hard for your country to be safe a thousand < PROPMALE > away only to find the enemy right in your own backyard . 
Thank you for all of those who called to see if my family and I were okay . My thoughts and prayers are with those who were less fortunate than I . Luckily , mom and I changed our plans to not go on base yesterday . Procrastination wins again . 
Got my tonsils out . Interesting ...... 
Texas FIGHT !!!!! 
YEAAAHHHHHH !!!!!!!! WOOOT ! BCS CHAMPIONSHIPS HERE WE COME !!!! 
It's kind of weird when your first day of class starts a 9 days after everyone else's and you explain yourself . I just moved my family from hawaii , I have a 9 month daughter , I commute 120 < PROPMALE > per day , and my sleep cycle is 4 hours behind the current time . How fun . 
Sleep . Sleep sounds good right about now . Let me go tend to my farm then I shall go rest . 
Farmville just ' *'-< PROPMALE > my post because I wrote \sexyyyy\ " ....... wow . " 
1st day of work . EXCITING !!!!!!! 
Just got Tiesto tickets for < PROPFIRST > concert ! < PROPMALE > you're awesome for informing me about it ! 
needs like 2 more hours in a day . 
Cleaning the Garage . I'm really missing my dad now . 
ITS SNOWING IN KILLEEN !!! WHAT ?!?!? 
Phone died . Hit me up on google voice . ( 901 ) 466 -6202 
Sad , but happy that husband gets to go to WLC training for his promotion . The sad part is he'll be gone for 3 weeks , miss < PROPFEMALE>'s 1st birthday and the Tiesto concert . The happy part , he's moving on up the rank and respect ladder . We'll still have a little get together for < PROPFEMALE>'s B-day , but we'll just do a bigger celebration on my birthday since the daddy will be home then . 
I'm really itching to either 1 . Play tennis or 2 . Swim in the pool today . The high is supposed to be 85 !!!! yay ! 
My baby is a year old already !!! She tore up her cake . I just love my little munchkin ! 
The baby is funny . She keeps lifting her shirt so that she can play with her belly button . Wait a minute .. where did her pants go ?! oh this little houdini . 
Bbq time . Lovin the family bonding and forgetting the drama . 
Out with the waiting for the shoe to drop . Life really is beautiful and blessed , so out with the nonsense and in with the love . 
Sad that hubby is going to the field for 2 days then comes home then goes to train for 3 weeks . :( It's going to be lonely at home at night after the baby passes out . 
Randomly got a mosquito bite on my forehead at work . That wasn't very nice Mr. Mosquito . Next time bite me somewhere else so that it doesn't look like i have a zit on my forehead . 
I hope everyone in OU country is okay after that tornado . Saw the CNN video and wow , it looked crazy . 
Just took some father's day pictures for < PROPMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > is such a little diva . She was all mean before the shoot then sweet as a button during it . My goodness . 
Goal !!!! USA ! USA ! 
My hand hurts from writing !!!! I actually have a light bruise on my palm from my nail . How spoiled I have gotten from typing and not hand writing . Total pages of text written over 2 final exams = 23 . Owe . Now on to type 12 pages . yay ! 
Not sure if it's the full days 4 am to 12am , but all I know is it's way too early to need a woosahh moment . 
So I clearly over reacted this morning . Sleep .... how I miss you . 
So lame that I won't get to see my husband because the newbies can't get it together ! One month .... really ? 
Finally ... common sense is used at 2 am . Hubby gets to come home ! I know it's early but roach coach tacos sounds real good right now . That's probably the only good thing to come out of starlite after 2 am . 
There goes my plans . Awesome . 
Okay so there are new plans now . It's a good start . 
My old laptop keyboard that has been not working for about 2 months now , suddenly decides it wants to work and light up . I'm happy but wondering if my MacBook is possessed or just temperamental . 
My east coast yoda was right . Looking on the bright side is more fun than chillin with the dark side eating cookies . Well that is what I took from it 
There is no way that an FRG meeting is mandatory . It is supposed to be an outlet for those that need resources . I'm sorry that family , school , and work are higher on my priority list than touring a \Spiritual Fitness Center \"." 
I need like 2 hours to catch up . Blah 
Went live 4 hours ago for sandras daycare and we are already getting hits ! 
Today is not panning out like I thought it would . 
And it just keeps getting better . <-- Sarcasm 
Even the vending machine is giving me a hard time . Phew I need to breathe . 
A vacation is only 4 months away . I must stay the course . 
OH coding .. how fun misplaced asterisks are . Yay C++ ! 
Seeing Mrs. < PROPMALE > was awesome this morning . Not only did I get my coffee , but I got a great dose of happiness and optimism ! Love ya Abha !!!! 
Excited about tennis w < PROPMALE > today ! 
Man I'm feeling great this morning . 
So the day was going fabulous and then the call center happened . I feel temporarily drained but a 5 minute break in the open air helped to rejuvenize me . Yay for air . 
Whooooo tennis time ! Hot as crazy but bring it outdoors . I feel so freeeee 
Please say a prayer for < PROPFEMALE>'s sister for a full recovery . She is in my thoughts and prayers . We love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm saying lots of prayers tonight . I hope the big guy doesn't mind . 
Blast the Rain !!!! Our pool is about to flood over and I was unable to drive south to school and work . At least I finally got to get some sleep ? Ohh I can go eat fridge food . Yum . 
HUSBAND WEEK : If you have a husband who makes life interesting , fun , is your best friend , who's been with you through thick & thin , has been an FSM in your life & your are proud to be married to , copy this to yourstatus with the date u were married . January 5 2008 ? 
What a day 
Sorry for the emo posts . Just me being irrational again . My fault facebookers . 
Insecurity is a disease I tell you . The cure is not to wait for the shoe to drop . Someone you love can be here one moment and gone the next . I can't believe I ignored that valuable lesson . * head being removed from anal sphincter * 
< PROPFEMALE > sunday ready to watch hubby shoot targets in the < PROPMALE > . I'm so proud and no mosquitos so far . 
Ooo I see winter clouds . I'm excited ! 
Whoooooooooo !!!! Raemon was right homework due on the 27th not tonight . Yowzasss !!! 
\everybody wants to rule the world\ " by tears for fears ohhhh yea get em 80s " 
More than words .... 
Love without end is great too 
so excited to see the requirements for my degree dwindle to just 3 and they are all dependent on a go/no go basis with the kin advisor board . Whooohoo ! 
Missing the husband . Haven't got to talk to him since I got sunburned . Sigh . have a chemistry test from 7-9 sigh^2 
Oh no < PROPFEMALE > is under the weather . My poor baby . 
Great day so far . Chilly weather + sleeping in + waking up next to hubby+ happy baby + aunty in from hawaii + great coffee + pop tart = awesome start ! 
Locked in work because someone decides to shoot up campus . At least the people are cool . 
zoooo my goodness . One of the speculated shooter was in calhoun hall . Granted that its like 2 buildings away but wow ! 
UT just announced the all clear . time to go home . 
Another day I'm thankful to experience a beautiful family . Live in the moment no matter what life throws at you . Thanks to all that got through in texting me . 
I love the Flintstone's! Google is so fun ! 
What the heck Facebook !!! I wrote a great status message on where I think the status should go but it didn't save . Quit changing the layouts ! Why am I getting FB search options while typing my status ?!? You're not Google , K . 
Black 
has just installed the ' My Kids ' application 
I really want the beauty and the beast on Blu < PROPFIRST > . 
It really fasinates me how similar people are . Talk about enlightened . 
You know , I may not agree with your lifestyle , but facebook blocking ? Really ? Please try to grow up and realize the world does exist outside of facebook . It's amazing after watching the social network to try to remember a time where there wasn't facebook . Mr. Zuckerberg , props to you for evolving how people channel their drama . 
There are a lot of people today wearing their costumes on campus . It's quite funny . I saw one Superstar from Super < PROPFIRST > , a sumo wrestler and a ninja turtle . Now my Ancient Egypt Professor turned off the lights and started saying creepy chants in the dark . LAWLS 
Feeling a little down today . mgh . 
Not feeling down . Feeling good today . Very good . 
Homework . Yay 
Just got done typing like my life depended on it . Strange how deadlines can get your adrenaline pumping . 
6 Days until Graduation !!!!!! Last week of formal classes . Ohhh boyyy . 
Feels weird to be at work at 10:30 . Kind of like the office is my 4th home . Theres 1 . Home Home 2 . Hawaii Home 3 . My car 4 . this comfy chair at my cubicle . I hope big people jobs has chairs like these . 
Change your default FB picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same . Also make sure to give credit to the source you get it from . 
Ho'omaika'i ' < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hiki ' < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > i O < PROPFEMALE > u < PROPFEMALE > ikamahine , < PROPFIRST > and Alli !!!!!!!! 
Finals time !!!!! 
Mama just bought me an evo !! Yay 
Im loving this phone . I was kind if freaked out when someones Facebook status ran across my screen while I was in a call with that person . 
Hauoli maka hiki hou everyone !!!!! 
My legs are burning from cardio . Man its been a while since a good workout in a while 
Back to work I go . Phones here I come 
I feel like I'm bungee jumping over shallow water with a really long cord . It's not enough to smack into the ground , but it's scary as hell . Then as you start to lose potential energy , and you're just dangling , you hear the cord ripping . Then you think to yourself maybe sky diving would have been more exhilarating ? Chute opens , Chute doesn't open . It's very binary and the confusion is much less ..... Dangle Dangle ... 
Finalllyyy ..... I can breathe a sigh of relaxation . 
Got my phone back . Yay ! 
I think savannahs new favorite movie is despicable me . She just loves those minions . 
I loved Ceelo and Gweneth Paltrow's Forget You . #Grammys 
Feel and show the love everyday and not just a commercialized holiday . Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day anyway everyone ! <3 
Wow its my first Valentines day that I didn't get a card or < PROPFEMALE > . Oh well at least I made my family smile and that's enough for me . 
I totally miss the simplicity of elementary school . Juice boxes , lunchables , and recess . Those were the days . 
Having me and the baby sick at the same time is not fun . I miss going to work . 
Excited about this weekend with my two favorite people : hubby and baby . 
Rarrrrrrrrrrr 
We are actually watching the Oscars . Some great movies are nominated . #thesocialnetwork , #thefighter and #truegrit . Liking the hosts so far . 
Hauoli la hanou TEXAS !!!! I love this state ! 
Didn't know it was mardi gras weekend . Boo being sick 
Thought today was going to be different . So much for the optimism . 
@ArmyWives @reallycb you looked great on the show and the baby was so beautiful ! I'm so happy #armywives is back ! 
@mrbobbybones I loved that violin game . It was so fun ! 
Fabulous ... my external hd died , my two veteran macs don't work and my external cd drives aren't working either . You'd think I could use my troubleshooting skills provided by the help desk to fix it , but you cant really fix hardware issues without $ . Greatttt ... 
At the korn disturbed hoping I don't get beat up . 
Definitely just got ditched so four dudes could go to the bathroom . Awesome 
The concert was great but my ears are still ringing and I woke with a migraine . Blah 
Though I love breakfast tacos , I'll no longer buy them from random places like a donuts shop . you'd think it would be good but it wasn't . 
