I graduate this year ! 

What's that homework ? You want to spend the entire weekend with me ? Well gee , that's just great . 
Now that I've spent the day procrastinating it's time to start homework . Chemistry , here I come ! 
just learned , took notes on and did the homework for one chemistry chapter and is now DONE ! 
Movie night at ISYM and the music hall has wi-fi . Woo . 
Is now the proud owner of a digeridoo . 
is coming home today . 
got his ass musically handed to him , leaned to play the didjeridu , made a didjeridu , saw a child prodigy play piano , cut a skittle in half with a pillow , learned more about the euphonium , made some friends , performed in the Foellinger Great Hall , and over 
If life's a bitch then where the hell is my sandwich ? 
is the most inept person on the planet . 
is ... MC BAHA MEN !!! 
\We're heading for tomorrow but we don't know where to go . \"" 
had a very ... interesting night . 
We're not happy ' til you're not happy . 
Snake ? Snake ! SNAAAAKE ! 
is in Michigan . Feel free to visit . Txt for directions . 
is singing karaoke in a bar . 
spent the past week getting dragged up and down the beach by a 7.5 meter kite . He is now sore , tired , and sunburnt . It was awesome . 
work at 7:30 tomorrow . On the bright side , I get to wake everyone else up with me . 
Takin a ride in the Thundermobile . 
is using muscles he never knew he had . 
is enjoying youth . 
work today then I'm off for four days . 
Outdoor job + Rain = :( in other news , I <3 nailguns . 
works for the weekend , not on it . 
got a letter from the South < PROPFEMALE > Mine School today . 1 . I am convined that that is where you go to school to become a coal miner 2 . Thought it said Mime School at first and seriously considered a new career path . 
is having a mid-summer crisis . 
is working . Feel free to come by and visit . 
is sitting on the roof I just helped build . My job is starting to grow on me . 
Once again , outside job + rain = teh suck . 
enjoys thunder . 
Dragonheart = Best movie ever made 
is really starting to get tired of this whole \shaving\ " thing . " 
Fuck Rheem ! Schwartz hustles chess outdoors ! 
is listening to some apple stealing jazz . 
Waiting for Åppelnyckerjazz . 
Three days until Åppelknyckerjazz ! And band camp . 
What is so \ International\ " about the IHOP ? " 
spent his last day of freedom in his basement , on his couch , eating slim jims and drinking milkshakes . I'm gonna miss summer . 
Time to wake up early , get yelled at and sweat for the next week . Yep , it's time for band camp . Still easier than work though . 
got called a dirty hippie today , can't really argue with that . 
THREE ! 
<3 s Slim Jims . 
is done with band camp ! Onward to vacation ! 
Vacation , camping and trying to open that dollar coconut he bought . Fun times up ahead . 
NERDFEST ' 09 ! 
is home and either bored or at band . 
should really start his summer reading . 
just figured out how to rip songs off his old iPod . Woot ! 
School tomorrow . Sure , why not ? 
Round two . Fight ! 
Where's the nearest vat of nuclear waste ? I feel like becoming a super hero . 
Nitro Circus is the best show on television . 
Dr. Pepper slurpies at 711 AND the return of blue ! Tis truely a < PROPFEMALE > age . 
will be on the beach until monday night . 
spent the weekend reading < PROPFIRST > Hawking's \A Brief History of Time\ " on the beach . Good times . " 
When on the road to sweet Athy a stick in the hand , a drop in the eye a doleful damsel I heard cry , < PROPFIRST > I hardly knew ya . 
Kanye , you crazy mo-fo . What shenanagins will you get into next ? 
just got his the crap beaten out of him today by an AP Chem- Sorry Potions- test . Why were colors half the test ?! 
is beginning to feel the hunger ... 
is very busy today . In other news , I finally picked up a copy of Grapes of Wrath . So now I just need to read 18 chapters by tomorrow . 
Get gas , do homework , work play . 
< PROPMALE > has returned ! 
is physically exhausted from watching The Protector starring < PROPFIRST > Jaa . Never mess with an elephant if Tonly Jaa is on the same planet as you . 
If making a kilt out of fruit roll-ups just to become the worlds first edible < PROPMALE > is wrong then I don't want to be right . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lk5_OSsawz4 < PROPFEMALE > Wars is great . 
it is time ... 
is going to be very very very hungry but the homework's gotta get done . 
has just discovered Stony Skunk . Woot . 
A knight in shining armor without his armor is just a lunatic on a horse . 
Band concert tonight . If you've got nothing to do on this cold , tuesday night then head over to the auditorium and enjoy some free music . 
Well that went well . G'night e'erbody . 
spent the last half hour chasing his dog around outside in a t-shirt and socks . I finally caught him over by the < PROPFEMALE > pool . I hurt . 
50 UNREAD INBOX MESSAGES ! I'd like to thank everyone that made this possible . 
was informed today that you cease to be a minor the day before your 18th birthday which , for me , is today . I was planning on spending today celebrating my last day of childhood only to discover I'm already an adult . I actually managed to miss my childhood . 
Had a wonderful birthday and would like to thank everyone that helped usher me into adulthood . Now excuse me while I sneak back into childhood . 
Why do I love Christmas Break ? Breakfast at one in the afternoon might have something to do with it . 
Music suggestions ! GO ! ( < PROPMALE > you're not allowed to participate . ) 
To everyone out there not turning in the scrapbook , can I get a Hell Yeah ? 
What's cooler than being cool ? 
Is not spending nearly enough time with friends this break . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbhbLrSQKyY Hellz yeah . 
is really enjoying going to sleep in the morning and waking up after noon . 
I found mah Pokemanz . < PROPFIRST > = Happy . 
HO HO HO ! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
Good day . Good night . 
Have a Kwazy Kwanza ! 
I'm dreaming of a white Kwanzaa . 
If I had the < PROPMALE > I'd ask the world to dance ! Oh ho dancing with myself ! 
Dear Homework , Go directly to Hell , do not collect $200 . 
Get up offa that thing and dance ' til you feel better ! 
What a great way to end the year . Good night everyone . 
Happy New Decade ! 
New Years resolutions . GO ! 
Ringing in the New Year with My Little Pony . Thanks < PROPFIRST > Yosuke O'Neil . 
This is the earliest I've been up all break . 
It only took me about 15 minutes to get through the whole spark notes for The Fountainhead and yet I still hate nearly every character . 
Hello school . Goodbye sleep . 
Boo-Yah ! We still have school . Meaning ... THEATRE FEST THETRE FEST THEATER FEST !!! 
I'm home and feeling indifferent about said fact . 
Schedj next semester is the same except Film 3rd , dance 4/5 , and sociology 9th . Comment if you are in any of these . 
< PROPFIRST > a tu cuerpo alegria Macarena Que tu cuerpo es < PROPFEMALE>' darle alegria y cosa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > a tu cuerpo alegria , Macarena Hey Macarena ! 
Book of < PROPMALE > was SOOOO GOOD ! 
This , is , that automatic I stay fresh like I'm wrapped in plastic P goes spastic , C galactic Southside boy , we Cadillac it Charismatic , Asiatic I hustle for mathematics Cameras , action , changed the status 
42 hours 7 minutes ... 
21 hours ! 
is now terrified of pregnancy pacts . 
has been practicing the cha cha by himself . Yep , I'm cool . 
After watching The Prestige in film and designing magician inspired set pieces for Sweeny I kind of have stage magic on the brain . 
Attention all techies still attending GHS , we are now starting to work on the musical . If you would like to be on the crew then we need you to attend meetings , tuesday builds , wednesday workshops , and all rehearsals , see the Captain for rehearsal schedules . This probably sounds like a lot , because it is , welcome to the musical . 
just discovered his new favorite musical . Guess what it is and you get a cookie . 
hasn't played the didj in a while . Fixing that . 
Book of < PROPMALE > was still great the second time around . 
I have been made aware that I am supposed to make my profile picture that of a celebrity that looks like me . If you were not aware of this , get on it . I have a problem though , I don't know what celebrity I look like . Help me internet-kenobi , you're my only hope . 
Found it , no thanks to you intranets . 
But I would walk 500 < PROPMALE > . And I would walk 500 more . Just to be the man who walked 1000 < PROPMALE > to fall down at your door . 
I was originally not going to do this but , I got curious and looked and what I found was too great not to post , so here it goes . Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your 1st name . Copy and paste these directions as your status and put the 1st entry as your 1st comment . 
Public service announcement : If cookie dough tastes like paint , stop eating it . 
For a guy that hasn't eaten in two days I have way more energy than I would have expected . 
Good news : Saints won . Bad news : I was paid in change . 
Banana hammock ! 
Gettin mah Krump on ! 
Why is it that when I have money and want to buy music I can't think of any new music to buy and when I find a bunch of new music I want to buy I have no money ? 
Set build went well . The wagon has wheels and the pie shop has walls . 
Why did Ju Rin feel it necessary to put a < PROPFIRST > Swift album on loop ? 
Anyone that brings me chocolate will receive my undying affection . 
Using facebook as my magic 8 ball for the moment . Should I audition for < PROPFEMALE > ? 
The following people are bros . < PROPFIRST > Andersson , < PROPFIRST > Yosuke O'Neil , < PROPFIRST > Wakefield , < PROPMALE > Vanthournout , and < PROPMALE > Mahoney . That is all . 
< PROPFIRST > want snow day ! 
would very much like a country to run . Not a big one , a small island would be nice . I promise to be a good leader . If you help me achieve this goal you'll receive a cabinet position , or a harem , your choice . 
Estas emberesada ? 
will be sitting outside the < PROPMALE>'s in the Charlstowne mall from 2-4 today selling coupon books . Any company would be much appreciated . 
movie number 1 , Aladdin . 
Mmm ... Ice cream ... 
I could have spent tonight doing homework , such as the scale model of a < PROPMALE > concert hall I need to build , filling out scholarship information , or hanging out with actual people . I didn't do any of those things . I spent my night playing Robot Unicorn Attack . Night well spent . 
Yay ! Tech Week ! 
Hot Tub Time Machine was the best movie I've ever seen . To quote < PROPFIRST > , \SHIA LEBOOF ! \"" 
Cuz if you liked it then you should have put a ring on it If you liked it then you shoulda put a ring on it Don’t be mad once you see that he want it If you liked it then you shoulda put a ring on it 
misses winter and the nice cold nights that allowed him to sleep . 
Repo ! may be lullsy as a whole but < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Head is really awesome . 
I love me some < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
Mrs. < PROPFIRST > has now seen me in a tube top . 
“Now you're looking for the secret . But you won’t find it because of course , you're not really looking . You don't really want to work it out . You want to be fooled . “ 
wonders how many things he does because he wants to instead of because he thinks he's supposed to want to . 
Why is there never enough queso ? 
had a dream about over sleeping only to wake up and discover I had over slept . 
'' At the end of the day you've just got to say it's alright . '' 
And don't cha know it's a beautiful new day ? 
I can see a light at the end of this tunnel called high school . I hope the weather's nice out there . 
Cat+ laser pointer = never gets old 
If there's one thing I know , it's everything . 
'' MY HAT IS AWESOME!'' 
saw a hop scotch game that went up to 100 squares on his way home . Ambition in small children is amusing . 
To admit ignorance is to welcome knowledge . 
Hello leaves . How long have you been there ? 
Would like to rename the Time 100 poll '' The List of 100 Facepalms '' 
You know that feeling you get after you finish a really good book series where you're happy you finally got to the end but you're sad it's over ? 
\Bustin ' makes me feel good ! \"" 
Nutella on oreos . I should not be allowed to feed myself . 
has doubled down . I need a nap now . 
gets in way too much trouble for a watermelon . 
just came very close to applying to live in a all female dorm . Good thing I checked the names . 
Keeps getting offered alcohol in restaurants . Do I really look that old ? 
I say hey I be gone today But I be back around the way Seems like everywhere I go The more I seethe less I know But I know one thing That I love you 
had a dream last night that included telekinesis , mililary experimentation , serving in the military , and a javelin fight with my dad . 
Is in hyperspace . 
mile tomorrow , followed immediately by a AP Potions practice test that won't allow me to eat lunch . At least my life isn't boring . 
Behold the < PROPFEMALE > of the Tuesday-Friday ! 
if I were in college today would be my last day of classes . 
I just picked up my tux and I have to say , it is the sexiest thing since sliced bread . 
is going to tour the FBI building in Chicago . 
now experiencing the apathy of the Thursday/Sunday . 
Yay ! Friday ! 
had a great time seeing a wonderful production of Kiss Me < PROPFEMALE > . 
hey look , pra/om ! 
had a great time at prom with < PROPFIRST > Kennedy . 
has a feeling that Prom will supply him with profile pictures for months to come . 
this senior is for rent . The bidding starts tomorrow at lunch . 
is scouring the internet for new music . And finding it . Woo-hoo ! 
has decided on prostitution for a career . 
is dressed like a d-bag . Yay ! 
The best adventures are fueled by mondo and White Castle . 
come to < PROPFEMALE > High School's One Acts . The < PROPMALE > of the d-bags demands it . 
Well , that was wonderful . 
If you didn't see < PROPFEMALE > High School's One Acts last night then tonight is your last < PROPMALE > to see something wonderful . 
It does not do to dwell on dreams , and forget to live . 
is now the proud owner of a puffy shirt . 
Well look at that . It's my last band concert . And I'm going dressed as a pirate . Good times . 
Shenanigans . 
Just won Mando's first born ! 
After consulting home access and a calculator I have determined that I am not failing film ! 
Who needs alarm clocks when you have thunder ? 
just saw an ice cream truck . Summer's coming . 
is not a flip book . 
Looks like today is going to be a good day . 
'' Are we human because we gaze at the stars or do we gaze at them because we are human ? '' 
Though the results of my sociology experiment are boring they still make me happy . 
would very much like a job . 
I used to watch The < PROPMALE > of Egypt a lot when I was younger and I never realized how awesome the music is until now . 
Nacho cheese makes everything taste better . 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > is in < PROPFEMALE > ! Switzerland ! Damn ... 
Last homework assignment of high school ever and I'm still procrastinating . 
3 
2 
Just in case tech hadn't taken enough blood from me it made sure to squeeze out a few more drops in my last few minutes as president . Oh , by the way , congratulations to the new tech officers ! 
1 
Let's jam . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7X3Kcyv3XLA 
High school ended with food , merriment and song , just the way it should be . Yet , once the festivities died down and I was left with my memories I was filled with nostalgia and sadness . Then I fixed that with Yoo-Hoo and an air horn . Gotta love the dollar store . 
Mmm , delicious , delicious sleep . 
How the hell did a tick get in my house ? 
Woo ! First traffic ticket . 
Yup , I'm graduating . I'll get all sentimental at the end of the summer . 
no longer attends < PROPFEMALE > High School . 
\Bread make you fat ?! \"" 
is once again plagued by boredom and hunger . I fear what my creativity may produce . 
Jelly Car and Beck make for a nice end to 40 hours of being awake . 
It's the stay puft marshmallow man . 
\They'll see a hero is just a man who knows he is free . \"" 
is still getting letters from colleges that want him to go to them . Weird . 
hear those mornin birds a chirpin , time to hop on over to the IHOP . 
had a wonderful time at the 24 hour party and has many stories to tell , but right now the Hunger is setting in and I need to sleep . 
' s elephant broke . :( 
Weirdness with phone contract , so don't call or text me ' til tonight . 
got a new phone . Feel free to call/text all you want now . My new number is 1-630-940-8773 . 
We missed Adventure Time ! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!! 
I no longer beleive that morning is a thing because I haven't seen it in so long . 
\Boop boop . I love conputers . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Wakefield " 
My cat is my arch nemesis . 
Toy Story 3 ! 
Never has a movie brought me that close to tears . 
As a matter of fact I did get dressed in the dark today . 
My college orientation packet including a form due in two days arrived today shredded and covered in oil . Thanks United States Postal Service ! 
I just looked through all my pictures and I'm pretty sure I randomly get older and younger as time goes on . 
Am I the only one that thinks the word ' vuvuzela ' sounds dirty ? 
Any time of year when I can sleep until one in the afternoon is fine by me . 
Nothing like a big ol burrito after a run . 
I get the feeling preliminary schedules came out today . 
finally got to say \Run < PROPMALE > run ! \ " in normal(ish ) conversation . " 
Hot damn I love Blues Traveler . 
Happy Wheels is addicting . 
< PROPMALE > is replacing Toy Story 3's spot in the IMAX with the new twilight . This concept saddens me greatly . 
has 100 slim jims . All is well . 
is not sure if he misses the \is\ " or not . " 
regular exercise is turning my metabolism into a monster . 
I'm not sure whether I should be proud or ashamed of what I just did . 
will be in michigan for the next week . Phone service sucks up there so if you text me don't expect a speedy response . 
My favorite holiday named after a Will Smith movie . 
Sitting on the beach by a big ol bonfire , smokin a cheap cigar watching some fire works . Happy 4th of July everyone ! 
Chili Cheese Burger ! 
Got bored and looked at my calendar . Holy f**k I only have 6 weeks until college . 
I typed this status with my tongue . I'm bored . 
has a scottish accent for some reason . 
My bed head is a pompadour . 
Michigan may have better beaches but the people back home more than make up for it . 
Home . 
Just bust a move . 
5 on AP Chem test ! Boo-yah ! 
It's the < PROPFEMALE > ! Stab it in the heart ! 
has better pants than < PROPFEMALE > Sagan . 
had great luck with the radio today . It made me happy . 
had a dream last night involving a 42 hour outdoor cook-off where the only fire they had to cook by was a campfire into which we , the spectators , kept throwing fireworks . I'm pretty sure there was a point in my dream where I was sleeping too . Weird . 
There is nothing on this earth I love more than Yoo Hoo . 
No better way to start the day than an emisions test and a physical . Woo . 
So I hear I'm a volcano . 
< PROPFEMALE > is sending me my computer one piece at a time . Today I received my mouse . 
Is apparently doing band in college . This is news to me but I'm okay with it . 
had a dream that he followed Voldemort out of Ohare and then hid a bean sprout from him . 
Will not be home for a week . See ya ! 
Had a wonderful week and now I'm back home to recover . My new laptop should help that process . 
If you have skype and feel like talking to me then here's my skype address , sam . kurczek . 
I love slim jims and meijer loves my money . Everybody wins . 
spent 5 hours finding out I can't donate plasma . Woo . 
Good night < PROPFEMALE > . 
had a dream in which he participated in a wacky , thunderdome style 3 way soccer game that he may or may not have won , and then had a dream in which he joined a monastery on top of a mountain and became a member of G.I. < PROPFIRST > . What a good night that was . 
Am I the only one that thinks I look a bit like < PROPFIRST > Franco ? 
< PROPFIRST > Wakefield and I are one step closer to being prepared for the Zombocalypse . 
Nowadays even facebook is outsourcing . 
I know you are . 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim !!! 
\Again Wallace ?! \"" 
There are neither beginnings or endings to the turning of the Wheel of Time . But it was a beginning . 
Based on the appearance of the jeans sold at most stores , I'm going to guess that they were stolen from homeless people . 
looks nothing like < PROPFIRST > Cera . 
\We are Sex Bob-Omb and we're here to make you think about death and get sad and stuff ! \"" 
What should I be for Halloween ? Suggestions , GO ! 
Will now fall asleep due to boredom . The internet has failed me . 
was going to spend today getting ready for college . Then I discovered that speeding up lady gaga songs makes them better . Goodbye productivity ! 
Time to be productive . 
Franticly preparing for college . Yay procrastination ! 
The world is suddenly a cooler place . 
The last day . Weird . 
One day more ! 
Sam : 1 Sunset : 0 
Goodbye < PROPFEMALE > and hello Cedar Rapids . 
is at college ! 
We have cable ! 
Hypnotists are great . That is all . 
Ahh , comic books . I missed those . 
Squirrels are amazingly entertaining creatures . 
Classes tomorrow . When did that happen ? 
Korean reggae fusion , better than coffee . 
Hello classes ! 
is actually doing math homework for the fist time in four years . 
just woke up . I love college . 
How do I always manage to forget about Reel Big Fish ? 
The entire campus smells like pastry . It's wonderful . 
will beat this gateway exam or die trying . 
spent his friday night running around shirtless playing with water balloons and water guns whilst < PROPFEMALE > played in the background . I love college ! 
I love Tuesdays . 
T . V . s are heavy . 
I have never felt so classy . Reading plato while the following tab combination is playing in my browser\ 
http://www.endlessyoutube.com/watch?v=DIx3aMRDUL4\ 
http://www.endlessyoutube.com/watch?v=HMnrl0tmd3k\ 
http://www.rainymood.com/ 
But why is the Hostess gone ? 
So apparently shipping from Australia is hella expensive . Like more expensive than the product you want to buy . 
Woo ! Tuesday ! 
Now that I've caught up on all my web comics , stumbled aimlessly , caught up on my backup web comics and realized that I have class in about seven hours I'm going to sleep . Good night world ! 
Is once again addicted to Robot Unicorn Attack . Oh well , Aaaaaaaaallways I wanna beeeeee with yoooou !! 
That vending machine just stole my dollar . For this reason I hope there is a robot Hell . 
Finally , the bad assery of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is appreciated , THROUGH SONG ! 
has actually arrived at some semblance of organization . It still looks like crap but at least I don't risk an avalanche of garbage every time I stand up . 
Normal response to rain , go inside , stay dry , be boring . \ 
College response to rain , MUD SLIP N SLIDE ! 
\Sometimes you have to make your own story . Sometimes you have to shoot the storyteller in the neck . \"" 
After a nice fourthmeal of mountain dew and combos it's time to do some homework . Woo college ! 
In order to study for my first calc test I have every instance of this test from the past ten years tabbed up in my browser . This had better help . 
I find it strange that I have become more motivated since I came to college . I've actually been studying for my calc test tomorrow . Since yesterday . 
( Insert clever status update here ) 
Sometimes you gotta stop the car , take out a map and figure out if you're really going in the right direction . 
Didjeridu came in the mail today . I'm really happy about that . 
1 Month . :) 
I like it under my bed surrounded by junk . 
You know how in high school there's that one drinking fountain tucked away in some obscure corner that has the perfect temperature , pressure and taste ? In college , they're all like that , and it's awesome . 
Three dimensional calculus is only frustrating because it gets me thinking about four dimensional calculus . 
Because I like this kind of thing -- I will be completely honest for twenty-four hours . You may ask me , and I mean this literally , any question your heart desires , and I will answer with strict , unbiased honesty . Send them to my inbox ( comment questions will be ignored ) and ... have fun , I suppose , and be careful what you ask , you may learn something you didn't want to know ... 
is a wing eating champion . 
Bust A Move is the greatest song ever written . 
Physics is to a socratic argument as hemlock is to Socrates . 
discovered the truth of the Space < PROPFIRST > God Emperor of Wayland with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > today . What a day . 
was successfully talked out of taking three math classes next semester . Now I'm only going to take two . 
is writing an analysis of an analysis of an analysis of an analysis . I hate philosophy . 
FREEDOM ! 
WOODMAN'S! 
Back to college tomorrow . Boo responsibility , yay < PROPFEMALE > Zazzaretti ! 
Just under halfway done with my paper . Who needs sleep when you have homework ? 
Giant research paper has been defeated ! +99 exp ! -9999 stress ! 
Brains ... 
Have you ever checked to see what your current status is only to find that it's from so long ago that by this point it's completely irrelevant ? This is me correcting that . 
I already smell like fish . 
Philosophical question of the day : Does a group exist if it has no members ? 
Thank you AP Chem for allowing me to register an hour early for spring classes and get into all the ones I want . Booyakasha ! 
\But it was a beginning . \"" 
Step one : Apply Schroedinger's cat directly to eyeball . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was an ass . 
Trackpads are the devil . 
I play quidditch , you're a fan . You're a sorceress , I'm a sorcerman . 
DOBBY ! NOOOOOOOO !!!! 
Caution , meet wind . 
Did you know that facebook has a special program that makes it so that if you type in your password it just shows up as stars ? 
Two more classes and they're both calculus . Woo ! 
The only thing between me and Thanksgiving break is a paper on Pascal's wager , and yet I just can't bring myself to start it . 
There's only one thing between me and home and it's only calc ! Woo ! 
iTunes visualizer : way more entertaining than it should be . 
Hello G Town ! 
Come on weather , get it together . It's almost December , this should be snow , not rain . 
Goodbye < PROPMALE > . I'll miss you < PROPMALE > . 
Oh the weather outside is awesome . 
Is . This . Your strongest machine ? 
Snow ! 
I just sat down on the ground to make my first snow angel of the year . Winter's here ! 
resists change . 
The internet has gone to war . 
Why am I awake ? 
Can I keep it ? 
Me : < PROPFIRST > , are you actually going to study ? \ 
Also Me : No < PROPFIRST > , no I'm not . \ 
Me : Didn't think so . Facebook ? \ 
Also Me : You know me too well . 
My dorm building is a tenement . 
A wild CALC 3 FINAL appeared ! \ 
Go < PROPFIRST > ! \ 
< PROPFIRST > used STUDY ! \ 
It's not very effective ... \ 
CALC 3 FINAL used LAGRANGE MULTIPLIERS\ 
It's super effective ! \ 
< PROPFIRST > is confused . \ 
< PROPFIRST > hurt himself in his confusion . 
Final round . FIGHT ! 
Nothing says last day of the semester like < PROPMALE > of the Hill and < PROPFEMALE>'s . 
HOME !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Is a toilet paper critic a thing ? 
Have you ever felt like updating your status but had nothing interesting to say so you just posted song lyrics instead ? \ 
I’m takin it back to the old school \ 
Cuz I’m a old fool \ 
Whose sooo cool \ 
If ya want to get down , imma show you the way \ 
Whoomp there it is , let me hear you say . 
People advertise weird stuff at three in the morning . 
is back at C-c-c-Coe College . 
I feel so much better about my 8am class when I remember that high schoolers have to do it five days a week . 
Round 2 . FIGHT ! 
Happy is definitely a good word to describe me right now . 
Damn facebook , changin my profile ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars marathon = Success . 
I am going to have to spend so much of this semester writing short stories , and I am so cool with that . 
Bear-\ 
any of the plantigrade , carnivorous or omnivorous mammals of the family Ursidae , having massive bodies , coarse heavy fur , relatively short limbs , and almost rudimentary tails . \ 
\ 
Packer-\ 
a person who engages in packing as an occupation or business , esp . a person who packs food for market\ 
Which sounds scarier ? 
I am the Sultan ! 
I have not had anything really interesting to post as my status in a while have I ? Hmm ... Nope , I got nuthin . Good night world ! See you on the morrow ! 
SNOW DAY !!! \ 
THANK YOU SKY !!!!! 
Oh < PROPMALE > Horror , how I've missed you . 
Math problems quake in fear ! I have been reunited with my graphing calculator ! 
is building a monster . 
Come see sleep deprived actors attempt to entertain you with sets built by sleep deprived techies ! Play In A Day ! 7 ! Mills ! Tonight ! Go ! I'm in it ! Woo ! 
two hours of sleepp on a lobby couch is ont enough ! 
< PROPFIRST > DeYoung created a musical version of The Hunchback of Notre Dame ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > version , not Disney ) and no one told me ? 
I am a leprechaun . 
First I oversleep , then my building catches on fire . What a great start to the day . 
My throat is trying to kill me . 
T-shirt weather in February . This is an Iowa winter ? 
Whoomp der it is ! Whoomp der it is ! 
It's like the sun caught winter sleeping with its daughter and now winter is trying to get out of here as fast as possible . 
I see you driving \ 
round town with the girl I love\ 
and I'm like , haiku . 
If the periodic table is a group of elements then does that make it a set ? If so then what are the chemical properties of the empty set ? 
I think I accidentally made chicken jerky on my radiator . 
You are now consciously controlling your breathing and blinking . 
I'm hungry but limited on resources . That's why I'm eating Nutella out of the jar using the back end of a toothbrush . 
Power outage . Really Greene ? 
Spring break starts tomorrow/today . [ Les Mis reference ] 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > . How are you ? It's good to be back . 
I have successfully devoured ten sliders . I am well on my way to my ultimate goal . 
It smells like spring around here . 
Happy Birthday Ireland ! 
I would like to take this time to apologize to < PROPFIRST > Bieber for any negative comments I may have made about his music . < PROPFEMALE > Black has shown me that things can be much , much worse . At least he tries . 
hi , i'm < PROPFEMALE > Zazzaretti and i'm hacking sams facebook . Maybe he should learn not to trust me with his computer while talks to new people =] 
Three math department classes next semester ? Sounds fun . 
Gangster Storm Trooper laughs at your pathetic Rebel blaster bolts . 
Does anyone have a broom that I can borrow ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night . 
Story revisions and nice dubstep . 
Internet radio just gave me Skrillex . Good day . 
Let the six hour study-a-thon begin ! 
Downtown Budapest ! 
I just discovered that I will be home by Free Comic Book Day . Hell yes . 
