Probably one of my best decisions so far since moving to Arkansas was finding shelter among my friends than my family . Seems is alot harder to repair the past than it is to enjoy what is building in the present . I find strength among my peers and see an more resilliance future when you have such loving and compassionate company . Its time to move on ..... Adapt and Overcome ! 

I reject my prior post ! Something isnt addin up . Drama follows me . I just have to accept that . I love you < PROPFIRST > ! ~ Kiss ~ 
The World will just have to wait . Its about my love right now . She is in the hospital now and having troubles . Plz keep her in ur thought cause its where mine are now . I love u Rayray ! 
My baby is gettin a heart ! From the unfortunate lose of one .... one may now be able to live out her life at the pace of a normal 24 year old . Surgery in Progress ! To Be Continued ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s New Heart is in place and pumping . Best news so far ! < PROPMALE > u all for ur support and keeping us in ur thoughts . Next chapter is the close up and Recovery ! :) 
Got my first glimpse of < PROPFEMALE > since her surgery . Still sleep but the very sight of her having color in her face brought tears to my eyes . She looks so beautiful ! 
As of 10 mins ago .. < PROPFEMALE > has began to come too and I got a wave from her and a smile . She is 20 mins from getting respirator removed and start breathing on her own ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is talking now . Still under the influence of the Anesthesia and Morphine so 1/2 the things she says makes any sense lol ! Physical Visits start tomorrow ! Gowns and Mask in such of course and from the sounds of it ... they are gonna start removing her tubes tomorrow also . She currently breathing on her own and can swallow liquids . She really wants to see Her Vinny and her Mom . 
Anestesia has mostly worn off . Morphine is still in play but she is having tubes removed . She will only have one \PICC\ " line in place to keep the minimal drugs in play and allow for Blood samples and test . Met with the Surgeon Dr. Randsom and Head Transplant Coordinator Dr. Huchins this morning . " 
< PROPFEMALE > is eating solid food and drinking non-caffeinated soda ( Sprite ) . Got a < PROPMALE > to hold her hand and enjoy each others company . Once < PROPFEMALE > arrives we will both be going to visit her . 
Never forget where you came from , cause u never know when u may need to go back 
