watching the office and drinking with the girls !! 

Having a good time at Little Blue ! 
14 
My girlfriend thinks my hair is sexy ... and 14 !!!! 
Today just sucks 
I love the rain !! 
I love hooka !! 
doing homework for the rest of my life : ( 
Watching so you think you can dance and eating < PROPMALE > and cheese with lexi 
is dramatic but less ghetto 
Happy Birthday ! I love you Grandpa ! 
Make your haters motivators .... I would like to thank < PROPFEMALE > Knowles for teaching me this 
I'm finally finding feelings that remind me of me . Finally finding feelings that remind of a girl I used to be .... 
Hooka time !!!!! 
New Moon .... FML 
Putting up my lil xmas tree !! 
Everyone should text me cuz I had to get a new phone and I lost everyones number : ( 
hanging out with the girls !! 
Work then going out with my LBG girls !!! 
Spending the snowy day with my favorite people !!!! 
Work .... come visit me and see a movie !!! 
is being lame and doing her laundry on a friday night .... Tread Lively was amazing and everyone should go see it tomorrow and support our LBG sister ! 
watching 500 days of summmer !!!! 
Work all night .... come visit !! 
You can't even tell , that your like no one else ... 
Resting up for tomorrow because I plan on partying like < PROPFEMALE > from the office lol 
Happy St Patricks day !!! 
cleaning cuz I cant sleep 
is taking a late night trip to walmart 
Just lay it all down . Put your face into my neck and let it fall out . I know I know I know . I knew before you got home . This world you're in now , It doesn't have to be alone , I'll get there somehow , ' cos I know I know I know When , even springtime feels cold . 
Come celebrate Big Johnsons birthday with us tonight !!!! 
picking up grammy and going to Wicked tonight !!! 
is at WICKED !!! 
Hard hearted don't worry I'm ready for a fight Unnerve the nerve You're nervous Nervous that I'm right 
I wake up exhausted it's not morning . It's back to sleep to re-dream me . We're alone and we're happy . But there you are , angry with me . Are you alright I can stand up straight . Are you alright can you get me off your mind 
So is it better to tell and hurt or lie to save their face ? Well I guess the answer is don't do it in the first place . 
Work until the end of time ..... come visit !! 
building The Last Song so < PROPFEMALE > will stop crying cuz she cant wait to watch it again 
Comedy Night and Uptown !!! 
So baby don't move at all cause you're about to break my fall . Stay where you are , staring at the stars . Don't ever move at all . 
Bdubs and Footlights !!!! 
When you're dreaming with a broken heart . The giving up is the hardest part . She takes you in with her crying eyes . Then all at once you have to say goodbye Wondering could you stay my love ? Will you wake up by my side ? No she can't , ' cause she's gone , gone , gone , gone , gone ......... Now do i have to fall asleep with roses in my hands ? 
Work all day ..... to set the record straight I didnt do it ...... 
you , are , the only exception . 
home from work .... tanning , shower , and off to celebrate with < PROPFIRST > ..... Congrats < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Watching the Office !!!!! 
She's upfront upshot Upstart up in every case The kind of girl that whispers Thank god for you Oh girl all you got is me Oh girl all you need is me 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes and thanks for the great night everyone .... I feel so old now but < PROPFEMALE > will always be older hahaha !! 
in bed watching the best movie ever ..... 500 days of summer !! 
The idea of waiting for something makes it more exciting - < PROPMALE > Warhol 
Sorry I'm not home right now I'm walking into spiderwebs So leave a message And I'll call you back 
< PROPFEMALE > Girls Party with < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
Two days until PRIDE !!!!! 
One day until PRIDE !!!!! 
Off to work ..... please be nice Twilight fans .... 
sooooo tired 
Pretty productive day ... went tanning , colored a picture with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and now off to work ... 
I only have to work 27 more hours until I get a break from Eclipse hell .... 
Work .... come see a movie and visit me !!!! 
its so fluffy i'm going to die 
My love has concrete feet , my love's an iron ball . Wrapped around your ankles , over the waterfall . I'm so heavy . Heavy . Heavy in your arms 
Great night with my 164 girls and guys lol ..... love you .... goodnight !! 
watching Eternal Sunshine of the spotless mind 
Upset that I didnt see this movie until now ..... Eternal Sunshine of the spotless mind is amazing !!! 
Gets to watch Despicable Me tonight .... be jealous ..... im so excited i am gonna die lol 
Happy Birthday Zach !!!! Love you !!! 
Just lay it all down . Put your face into my neck and let it fall out . I know , I know , I know . I knew before you got home . This world you're in now , it doesn't have to be alone I'll get there somehow .... 
Work .... come see a movie !!!! 
im a bridesmaid !!! 
I love Natalie .... thats all .... 
Work :( come see a movie !! 
doesnt like that < PROPFEMALE > is gone for the weekend 
So we have a problem you see , my dear , ' cause I can't move on and I can't stay here . I gotta fix it , I need your tears , But mostly now I need your ears . See I gotta tell you , I need you to know , You were my ruin when you took hold . You made me believe the lies you told , But you wont get away with the pride you stole . Getting off this < PROPFIRST > road . 
i wanna be the thought that slips your mind , the thought that makes you come to your senses but i'm shy so i'll never tell you that instead i'll say something like you wanna hold hands sometime ... 
Nice day + off work super early = CEDAR POINT !!! 
taking a break from packing to go bowling and get a drink with my girls !!! 
i miss lil blue already 
Chipotle and then off to work .... come see a movie and visit me !!! 
Picking up my bridesmaid dress !!!!!!!! 
Picking up my bridesmaid dress with the roomie/bridesmaid #2 lol ..... Happy Birthday Faith !!!! 
Who wants to help my unpack all my stuff ??? 
Comedy night for Faiths Birthday !!! 
A-Team trip to the mall !!!! 
Working on getting my room all set up ..... Fair tonight with Sony !!!!! 
The fair was AWESOME .... i feel like a fat kid now and Sony and I almost died on the rides lol 
JERSEY SHORE 
\I think I'm in lesbians with you\ " lol " 
\I fake rocked your world \"" 
I just got my new phone but since i cant turn my old one on i have none of my numbers ..... everyone should text me their number .... please :) 
\Does anybody know how to hold my heart ? cause I don't want to let go too soon . \"" 
All I have , all I need , he's the air I would kill to breathe . Holds my love in his hands , still I'm searching for something . Out of breath , I am left hoping someday I'll breathe again , I'll breathe again . 
might be missin you a lil bit .... 
When did I become soooo lame ?.... cleaning my room on a Friday night . 
The Office and bed ...... thinking about you 
Running .... 
Making dinner and relaxing 
\So is it better to tell and hurt or lie to save their face ? \ 
I Love < PROPFEMALE > Spears !! 
walking around the house in my heels so I dont fall on my face at the wedding !!! 
Movie Night !!! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Bachelorette Party !!!!!!! 
Out to dinner with bridesmaid #2 and our bride !! Then its bachelorette party time !! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!! 
watching the Notebook 
No one can make me cry , make me laugh , make me smile or drive me mad like she does ... 
I couldn't sleep last night because I know that it's over between us . I'm not bitter anymore , because I know that what we had was real . And if in some distant place in the future we see each other in our new lives , I'll smile at you with joy and remember ... The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more , that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds . 
Running with my brother 
Its t-shirt time lol ..... bowling !!!! 
today is the wedding !! congrats !! I hope i dont trip lol 
Watching Beauty and the Beast with the roomies and Sony . 
When you smile at me you know exactly what you do . Baby don't pretend that you don't know it's true cause you can see it when I look at you . 
is wearing purple !! 
Martini night with < PROPFEMALE > and mama K !! 
Its Friday !! Work all day then hanging out with A-Team :) 
CEDAR POINT !! 
cant wait to snuggle :) 
< PROPFIRST > Swift's new cd at midnight !!!! 
Work all night .... come see a movie ! 
I LOVE < PROPFIRST > SWIFT !!! 
\Who you are is not where you've been . You're still an innocent \"" 
You , have pointed out my flaws again , as if I don’t already see them . 
Cooking dinner with Jessi .... wish me luck lol 
soooooo happy !!!!! :) 
Playing Cooking Mama with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > hoag 
dinner with the girl :) 
dreaming about you ... 
soooooo sick 
The stakes are high , the water's rough . But this love is ours . 
cant wait to see your face ! 
Comedy Club with my beautiful gf !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > won the pure romance drawing ;) 
One thing's for sure it's real love 
I love us !!! 
working the < PROPMALE > potter midnight .... wish me luck .... its going to be crazy !! 
out with my girl 
back to work ... Im sick of < PROPMALE > Potter fans 
I love my < PROPFIRST > !! 
Excited to go out for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday !! 
Great thanksgiving surprise ... I got to see my brother and sister !! 
Work and then Thanksgiving dinner with my BG family !! 
I really do have the best friends in the world !! Thanks for the amazing dinner Sony !! 
Pretty , pretty please if you ever , ever feel like you're nothing you're fucking perfect to me 
And you hold me in your arms and all that I can see is my future in your hands 
Listening to my record player !! 
\Want you to make me feel like I'm the only girl in the world ... \"" 
Around you . Around you , what a nice night . Around you , I stay 
: ( 
Needs a sunglass moment : ( 
Great Valentines day with my boo ..... I love you !!! 
out with my girl , < PROPFEMALE > , and shandee 
Customers suck today ... cant wait to see my boo !! 
Stuck inside cleaning my room :( 
I just can't wait to get back to where the issue is who loves who more ... 
I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > Higgins !! 
Yea you're it , the missing piece that makes me fit . I got you , the breath I breathe , and there ain't nothing else I need . Baby I got you ... 
taking my girl to a classy dinner at Steak and Shake ... yaya 
Happy \Feb 29th\ " boo !! I love you ! " 
Excited for my Chucky E Cheese date tonight !! My gf is amazing ! I love you ! 
first day off from work in 27 days ... cant wait to spend it with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !! 
