I hope everyone had a great ( and safe ) night last night ! With the New Year starting , I just wanted to say Happy/Merry Everything ! Congrats to your being born/getting married/having a baby/graduation/other achievements , and may many more happy moments come your way ! In short , have a great year ! ;-) 

Maybe I'm just a touch paranoid , but I think my fortune cookie just threatened my life ! 
Ta-daaaa !!!! 
Happy Easter Everyone ! 
Is trying to decide what to make for a door prize . What would you guys like to get ? 
* sigh * I hate it when people who have no clue act like they know better than you 
can't seem to fall asleep , so I'm thinking of door prise ideas for the 24th . I think I've come up with something I like ... Sorry girls , but I think I'm going to pass on the frame this time ... :-) 
is getting excited for next weekend ! 
was busy , busy , busy today . Now it's time to fight that insomnia ... 
So glad I have creative friends ! Yea for craft exchanges !!! 
is feeling much better , thanks to two of my wonderful friends ! 
is allllllll better ! Straining your back is so frustrating ! ( and painful :-\\ ) 
feels like I need to make something today , but what ??? 
Happy Mothers day to all the experienced , new , and soon-to-be moms out there !!! 
Whew ! Looks like the wind's blowing up a big storm out there ! NOT looking forward to driving tonight ! 
hmmm ... Procrastination and insomnia is just an unproductive mess 
is getting geared up for a weekend full of friends , starting with a trip up to CoMO and rounding off quite nicely with artsy/crafty night ! 
It's road trippin ' time ! Lets see if we can catch some sun today ! 
is amazed how things happen for a reason ... 
Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE>'s today ! I did my first ink painting , and she tried a golf ball . I think we both have potential ! ( if we can get past the ink spills and cuts ! LOL ! ) 
is seriously thinking of making something to submit for the cover of JAVMA . At least it'll be something nice for me ! :-) 
is looking forward to spending tonight crafting with some fabulous friends ! It's my goal to get < PROPFEMALE > hooked on something ! ;-) 
needs to get some new pics up sometime ! 
is so very mad at myself . My nice new laptop ( my early birthday present ) took a nosedive and won't even turn on now . It's just so great to be a klutz ... 
Laptop is ok again ! YAY !!! Turns out it wasn't even my fault ... something about a power board not clearing out or something .... 
I love Fridays ... Fridays lead to weekends ... 
Thank you to all of the brave men and women who have fought so hard and sacrificed so much to make this country what it is . Happy Memorial Day . 
is hoping for some decent sleep tonight . Will it happen ??? 
needs to stop time ... just for a bit ... 
Today just has bad day written all over it ... 
actually got quite a bit done today ! Woo Hoo ! 
:-) 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes ! 
Is going to have a great weekend ! So much to do ! 
Had such a wonderfull day ! I don't want it to end ! :-) 
Ahhh ... I wish there weren't so many people wanting my money ! How about they give some back every now and then ??? 
Before you go insulting someone , you better know what you're talking about ! 
Goals for the weekend : Get those darn cages finished at the clinic , and get some of our stuff put up on the Etsy < PROPFEMALE > !!! And , you know , maybe put some new pics up here and there ... 
Loved hanging out with my goof tonight ! LOL 
Whew ... long day ... after a couple of false starts , I got nothing at all done that I had planned for today , but I got my goals for last weekend done ... hmmm 
Ok storm ... hurry up and go away so I can go have some fun ! 
Today is going by a bit too quickly ! 
seems to be annoyed with the world today . Nothing in paticular , just everything ... :-( 
Ok , I'm a nerd .... I'm EXTREMELY excited about my new pill stuffer that's in the works . ( Sorry to anyone who doesn't know what I'm talking about with all of this , but it's kind of a long story ) Anywho , this thing will help me fill more than twice the amount much faster than the original , AND I don't have to spend time cutting each pill down to cat size ! HALLELUJIA !!!!!!!!! 
What's everyone doing for the 4th ??? 
Is excited- will be making my first international sale soon ! Would have been yesterday , except for an ironic twist of events- her extra money was used up by an emergency Vet trip ... HAHA 
Thank you to all the brave men and women who have fought to defend our country and freedom ! I hope everyone has a great 4th !!!!!!! 
So , I stumbled across this little gem today and it totally made my morning ... \ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > vs . < PROPFIRST > - check it out ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZwM3GvaTRM 
July 5th is NOT a holiday people !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is thinking about chopping my hair off ... I think it's the longest it's ever been ... 
Wow ... the week's already half over ! Where's the brakes on this thing ???! 
Totay is just one of those days when I wish I had a punching bag ... 
I'm taking tomorrow off- anyone want to do something ??? 
10 inches off and a new do ! Sooooo much cooler ! :-D 
Today is shaping up to be fantastic ! 
Good grief- you try to help and things just get blown out of proportion ! Should have learned by now to keep my mouth shut ... 
Can't wait for a photoshoot tonight with one of my favorite celebrities ! Mr. March 13th from \365 Dogs- 2010\ " ! LOL- Aka-Taking pics with one of my best friend's dogs to use for a flier I'm making . hehehe ... I'm kind of nervous- he's such a professional ! ;-) " 
I need to get stuff done tonight , but can't seem to concentrate ! BAhhhhh 
Time to catch up on some things ! :-) 
Ok guys- I have a fun photo contest for everyone ! I'm working on fliers for our clinic and I need some cute pics ! The picture I'm looking for is a protection or family theme . I need something that looks classy/professional that would look nice in black and white . Cute is good- the idea is just to jazz it up and make people take notice ! If you have something that might work , just send it to me via e-mail or message ! 
Is thinking I'm going to have to use a certain B-Day present this week and get some de-stress time !!! 
Is feeling a little sad tonight- really missing some friends , wishing I had the means to help some people out , wondering why things have to be so tough , and other stuff I just can't post ... \ 
Anyone have a good joke to lighten the mood ? 
People who create drama really need something better to do with their time ... I suggest reading , or you know , maybe anger management classes ... 
ahhh ... sometimes , all you need for a good laugh is to get yourself kicked off of someone's \friend\ " list ! :-D " 
Wowza ! You take a little time off , and suddenly , you are in demand ! I like it ! I need to leave my phone off more often ! 
Is excited- may be expanding my side biz to California ! Got a great reaction today ! :-) 
Does it count as going to bed early if it's 11 ??? 
Is feeling kinda tired and discouraged tonight . :-( I guess I should be glad that I'm busy , but it seems like for every one thing I get done , there's 5 more things to do ... 
Can't wait to see < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! TREEEEEE !!!! LOL 
Had a busy day today ! I'm glad I got to play around a bit , though ! :-) 
Feelin kinda blah today ... it better go away before tomorrow !!!! 
:-( 
is getting ancy ! The big NC road trip is in 13 days , and there's still so much to do !!! This month is flying by way too fast ! 
Woo Hoo ! Found out I won some stuff in the raffle for our fundraiser ! I now have < PROPFEMALE>'s cute little < PROPFEMALE > picture in my office , and < PROPFEMALE>'s earings dangling from my ears ! Awesomeness ! 
Got a bit of running around to do , and then ... could it be ? Time for some fun ?! :-O Amazing ! 
Much needed time off in T-17 days ( not counting the NC trip , which is technically \work \") !!! " 
Is so very tired from all the traveling and long days , but so very glad to get the < PROPMALE > to be here in NC with a fantastic group of girls ! I can't wait for the clinic to be up and running next week ! Go team SAAFhouse ! 
So much for relaxing today ... :-( 
is so freakin tired and there's still so much to do- not sure much sleep is in my future ... 
Tomorrow is opening day at the clinic ! Yay ! It's going to be nuts , but fortunately , we also are having an event at Parlor 88 to look forward to ! \ 
Join us at Parlor 88 off of Republic or Sunshine for Martinis for Mutts & Drafts for Dogs on Tuesday , August 24th from 5:00 - 8:00 pm ! \ 
$5 Select Martinis , $2.50 Coors Light Drafts , $4 Small Plates 
We're making the news ! - SAAFhouse will be on KY3 tomorrow evening , and get a blurb in the NewsLeader on Monday (?) . Hopefully they cut out my stellar interview- don't want to scare people away ! ;-) 
Is enjoying a crafty day today ! It's nice to catch up on things ! :-) 
SAAFhouse is having an open house/dedication/ribbon cutting ceremony tonight from 5-7pm . Come on out if you're in the area ! You can meet the crew , have some refreshments , and yes , even admire the huge gold scissors ! LOL ;-) 
is sad to not be able to go to the KC < PROPFEMALE > Fest this weekend , but happy to actually get things done here at home ! 
needs a sushi fix ... 
Feels like I've finally caught my breath after a bunch of crazy months ! It's great to have some unproductive time off once in a while ! 
Quote of the day :\ 
We have enough youth- How about a fountain of smart ??? 
Just when it feels like time to stop procrastinating , here comes bedtime . Hmmmm .... oh darn ... I guess it'll have to wait a little longer ! ;-) 
Has been trying to come up with Christmas present ideas and drawing a blank . Looks like it'll be another homemade Christmas this year ! :-) 
so how is everyone today ? :-) 
Is getting ready for cat day tomorrow ... 40 cats ( if everyone shows up ) Wooooo Ha ! 
After much anticipation and worry- Cat day was a success ! 35 sugeries down , with many more to come ! :-) Thanks to all the volunteers that helped us out today !!! 
Is taking some time today to make some stuff for the Etsy shop . Yay for crafting ! And Yay for days off ! :-) 
Bills , bills , bills ... it never ends !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I'm so thankful to have such great family and friends and a nice warm home to enjoy them in ! I hope everyone stays safe out there today ! 
Christmas shopping gets more dangerous every year ! I was litterally attacked by a decoration today ! I guess I upset the shelf elf ! Note to self- wear full suit of protective gear next time I step out of the house ... 
Wow ... is Christmas really just a week away ?! Where did the month go ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
feels like she's been run over by a rhinoceros ... why is it that you can't just snap back after being sick ??? I hate being tired and useless ! :-P 
Is missing my friends today . I need to figure out a good place for a get together ... I want to do something fun ! 
Snowman contest , anyone ??? 
So being snowed in all day was bad , bad , bad ... It led to me thinking of all the things I'd like to try out ( craft-wise ) , and I ended up ordering a bunch of stuff . I should just not think anymore- it's too expensive ! 
4 day weekend .... oooooh yeah 
