babysitting with amandaaaa :) thenn .. idk . 

goin to target . then to morgans tonight :) 
is excited for tomorrow . :D 
boredd . overtime tonight ! :) <333 cant waittt !! :) 
14 more days ! :) :) 
watchin the bachelorette :) text me :) 
isnt tired at all . < PROPFEMALE > bored ... text me ! :)) 
13 days til florida . 44 days till my birthday :) text me 
is absolutely amazing ! text me ! 12 days till florida ! :) :) :) 
tired . bored . text me . 12 days :) 
goin shopping to use all my old gift cards :) 11 days till floridaaaa :) :) 
is so tired . got some new clothes for floridaaa :) < PROPFEMALE > comin over tomorrow and then babysitting zeke :) 
babysitting zeke wit < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! :) then < PROPFEMALE > s spending the night ! 10 days till floridaaa :)) 
hanging with Lt . < PROPFIRST > , eatin hotcakes , and hiding in the basement from the tornado ..!! 
only 9 days till florida wit the best friend :) doing absolutely nothin today . text me :) 
is soooo excitteedd !!! :DD 9 dayss !! :) ahhh !!!! 
church tomorrow then maybe hangin wit the youth group laterr :) 8 days till florida ! :D text me ! 
just woke up !! 7 days till floridaaaaaa :)) text me 
hopes she gets rid of this BEFORE florida :( only 6 more days 
6 days till floridaaa :) this better go away .. fastt !!! 
bored . poison < PROPFEMALE > stinks :( 5 more days . text me :) 
? if we < PROPMALE > the stars to lose a shadow ? < PROPFIRST > pan and < PROPFEMALE > turned out fine ? so won't you fly with me - best song everr ? text me :) 
? if its you and me forever ? if its you and me right now ? thatd be alright ? :) * sigh * gonna watch a movie and go to sleep :D 
thinks its wayyyy to hott outside . goin to < PROPFEMALE>'s later ! 4 more days . text me :) :) 
? if we < PROPMALE > the stars to lose a shadow ? < PROPFIRST > pan and < PROPFEMALE > turned out fine ? so won't you flyyy with me ? text me . leavin for florida in 3 days :) ugh could this go any slower ?!?! 
2 days till floridaa . 33 days till my birthday . :) text me ! :) 
wishes her friends would listen to her .. cuz im RIGHT .. as always :) text me . 
gonna go look at some slug bugs ! :) ahh ! i hope i get one ! :)))) text me ! :) :) :) 
1 day :) 
leavin for florida tomorrow :) ahh ! 
hangin wit < PROPFEMALE > in the hotel room :) text me . boredd . 
bored . waitin for parents to get back so i can go swimming ! :) :) :) text me . 
doesnt feel good at all . :( 
is a happy camper :) cant wait for the fireworks tomorrow :) <33 
goin to the store later . then swimmin and watchin the fireworks on the beach <333 
best 4th of july yet ! :) :) :) :) <333 
goin out to eat tonight then to clearwater ! :) :) :) :) 
cant wait for tomorrow :) <3333333 ahh ! 
dont know what im doin today . goin home tomorrow . kinda excited . :) text me <3333 
you lift my feet off the ground . you spin me around . you make me crazier , crazier . feels like im fallin and i am lost in ur eyes . you make me crazier , crazier , crazierr ! <3333 
headed home :) 
is in < PROPFEMALE > ! cant wait to get home ! :) :) :) 
is home :) finally ! :D 
misses her friends . :( 
is so very bored . texxt me . 
19 dayss ! :) :) text me !! :) 
gettin ready for church :) 
just got back from church :) maybe overtime tonight ? text me 
me and < PROPFEMALE > beasted at football tonight ! :) lol 17 days :) 
' s legs hurt really bad :( textt < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
feels absolutly horrible . im goin to bed . 
16 days :) 
15 more days ! :) youth group tonight ! :) :) texxt me ! :) :) :) 
is bored outta my mind !! 13 more days :) ahh ! 
makin brownies :) text me 
church tomorrow :) then hangin with friends :) then maybe steves ??? :) :) 
has a headache ! :( 
doesnt feel good at all 
is bored . goin to tnt tonight with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) text me ! 
is goin to danielles ! :) :) :) 
isnt goin to youth tonight :( text me ! 
got my application for chick-fil-a !! haha goin to morgans tomorrow ! :) :) 7 more days ! :) :) :) 
why must i wake up so early ?!!? 
is babysitting .. :( sooo boredd .. text me ! :) 
5 more days ! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
loves Jesus ! :) :) 5 more days !!!! text me ! :) 
goin to steves and < PROPMALE > later ! :) 4 days ! 
is not a very happy camper ! :( 
3 more days ! :) vbs tonight ! 
cant wait for wednesday .... and thursday <333 
is unsure of some things ... 
gettin ready to leave for vbs :) youth group tomorrow night then my birthday thursday ! :) woot woot ! 
tired . goin bowling tomorrow . takin drivers test on thursday :) 
got her permit !! :) :) :) 
just woke up :) babysitting . text me . 
is really tired . goin to steves tonight !! :) 
cant wait for school to start :D 
doin absolutely notin today .. as usual ! text me ! :) 
babysitting yet again ... maybe seeing < PROPFIRST > tonight ?!?! :D 
cant wait to see < PROPFIRST > tonight ! even if it is for like ... 5 minutes ! :D 
:DDD texxt me ! :) :) :) 
is happy ! gettin my schedule tomorrow ! :D 
is gonna go get somthin to eat . do some laundry . and watch tv . no youth group for me tonight ! :( text me . 
got her schedule ! yay !! :D 
1 . old testement :) 2 . < PROPMALE > :) 3 . geometry :) 4 . asl2 :) 5 . biology :) 6 . enlgish 10 :) 7 . geography :) 
overtime tonight . school tomorrow . last day of summer <3 
first day of school :) 
got alot of homework for the first day .. but thats okay ! :) 
is stressed ... ahh im so sick of school already !!!! 
school ... 
sooo tireddd ... 
done with homework ! :) 
glad its friday !!! :DD 
goin to the football scrimmage with < PROPFEMALE > later ! :) cant wait for tomorrow :D 
ughhh ... school 
worst day of my life . 
missed secret life aginnn ... ughh ! goin to bed ! grounded from my phone so dont text ... :( 
doesnt wanna go to school tomorrow at all :( 
doesnt feel good ... :( lots of makeup geometry to do ... ughh 
football game tonight :) 
is soooo sleeppyyy 
is sooo confused ... i hate being a sophmore .. :( text me ! 
if you see someone without a smile , give them yours :) 
try to be a rainbow in someones cloud :) 
had a good day :) workin on my engish paper 
homework . then football game :) 
finishin up some homework . then youth group tonight ! :) 
there are some people in life that make you laugh a little louder , smile a little brighter , and just live a little better :) goin to youth group . 
is happy ... in a way :) 
saw my sisters keeper last night with hannah .... wasnt as sad as i thot it was gonna be ... but still sad ! goin to kristis games later to work the pony rides with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is so tired and sooooooooo stressed bout school . i hate it . 
tryin to get outta geometry !!! :((( 
dont wanna go to school tomorrow ... workin on geometry , then bedddd 
about to do something i might regret ..... ohhh welllll .... 
doesnt feel good at all . bout to go to school .. unfortunately .. field trip to the childrens museum !! 
doin some homework . text me :) 
is waiting ... :) late start tomorrow :) :) 
just woke up . still super tired . youth group tonight :) 
tired . doin homework . text me :) 
is out of geometry !!!!! :D :D :D 
is happy :) 
< PROPFEMALE > tired . gettin ready for school .. 
has absolutely ZERO homework :D goin to the football game :) 
is tired . my tummy hurts :( 
is super bored and tired .... text me ! :) 
is sooo excited !!!!!! :D 
loves driving :) and absolutely lovesss her dressssss :))) 
just watched scream ... ahhhh !!! 
is siiickkk :( 
is starting to feel yucky again .. :( 
feels awful but is goin to school :/ ughh 
is stupid for hackin on danielles facebook and putting dumb things .... ha ha ... 
cant wait for youth tonight :) 
ewww ... school ... yuckk ... :( 
had a good day :) saints games tomorrow then football game :D 
is goin to the homecoming game ! :D 
had fun at homecoming .. i guess 
got a flu shot today ! :( 
done with homework . youth group tonight :) 
is happy :) :) :) 
i really really really wish today was saturday ... 
done with homework ! excited for school for the first time in foreverrr !! 
and i dont know why but with you id dance in a storm in my best dress , fearless :) 
you're beautiful , every little peice love . :) 
hopeless , head over heels in the moment , i never thought that id get hit by this love bug again :) 
church :) 
tryin to finish up this english paper . dunno what im doin . text me . 
had an AMAZING day :) no homework . i love life :) haha text me ! 
lucky im in love with my best friend :) 
goin to youth group . :) 
had a good day . straitening hair , then bed :) 
is absolutely amazing ! :) no homework ! text me ! :D 
soooo tired . watchin tv . shower . straiten hair . bed . thennnnn canoeing !!!!! :DDD 
goin canoeing !! :) 
loves canoeing ! < PROPFEMALE > much fun ! getting tipped was the best part ! :) goin to soccer game ! text me ! 
my back is killing me ... 
to the world ur just one person , but to one person u could mean the world :) 
misses her friends ! :( 
& i could tell u his favorite colors green . He likes to argue . Born on the 17th . His sisters beautiful . He has his fathers eyes . & if u ask me if i love him ... I'd lie :) 
really tired . gonna take a shower and go to bed :) 
but your so hypnotizing . you've got me laughing while i sing . you've got me smiling in my sleep . 
bed . school . youth group . :) im excited . 
workin on geography poster . text me . 
goin to bed . tomorrows friday ! :) yay ! this week went by fasttt . 
doesnt feel good . :( really bored . text me . 
watchin project runway ! :) text me . 
finally done with english . watchin tv . text me :) 
misses her bestest friend in the whole wide world :( i cant wait for friday !! :D 
is starving ! watchin tv and makin pizza . text me . 
homework . shower . then headin to my grandmas house for the night ! :) 
at my grandparents house :) goin to bed < PROPFEMALE > bit . im tireddd . text me . 
had a bad night . gonna eat then go to bed :/ 
is < PROPFEMALE > tired . jeans day tomorrow ! :) shower . then biology . :( 
shower . bed . school . football game . :) 
had a bad week ! < PROPFEMALE > stressed ! people r just making it ten times worse . 
loves sundays ! :) overtime tonight ! 
woke up late . goin to school later 
good day . makin french fries then gonna watch tv :) text me !! 
tired ... watchin tv . shower . bed . psat tomorrow .. boooo 
gotta be at school at seven tomorrow for algebra ? r u kidding me .. 
lots of tests tomorrow . gotta study study study !!! :( text me ! 
bed . school . football game . :D text it . 
hanging with < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
goin to a movie tonight with < PROPFEMALE > :D 
choir concert today ... really really nervous ! text me . 
just got my halloween costume with < PROPFEMALE > :D ahh ! im < PROPFEMALE > excited ! 
is about to watch halloween ... ahh ! i wont be sleeping tonight .. :/ 
not the best day . homework . dinner . bed . 
lots of homework again . btw .. i love < PROPFIRST > Chandler :D youth group later . text me . 
i love my life :) 
really really tired ... dont wanna go to school :/ 
tiredd ... shower . homework . bed . :) text it . 
goin to the football game :D really tired though . text me . 
babysitting ... really tired . text me . 
eatin a fudge bar and watchin tv :) text me . 
no school tomorrow :) 
cleaning my room and doing laundry . text me . 
doesnt feel that great .. 
homework . boooo 
my legs feel like 1000 pounds each . 
is happy ! :D cant wait for the weekend ! ah ! gonna be amaazingg :DD 
is mad . my weeknd is ruined . 
no school for me :) 
cant wait for tonight ! :) trick or treating then watchin more scary movies with < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
just watched scream 3 and the haunting in conneticut .. ahhh !!! 
just got home from church . gonna go clean my room so text me :) 
goin to the creation museum ! 
thats just the way the cookie crumbles ... 
no homework ! :) super tired though . gonna go take a nap maybe ... text me . 
cant wait for christmas ! :D ah ! 
gonna go do some homework i guess . :/ 
is kinda dissapointed ... in a way ... 
workin on this enlgish paper i guess ... even though i have no idea what to say ... 
this is completely and totally , absolutely RIDICULOUS ! 
blahh .. 
feels ALOT better :D 
ughh .. i dont feel good 
overtime tonight ! :) i cant wait !!! 
i love my friends :) 
tryin to work on this stupid english paper ... and getting nothing done . wow . 
wow . 
that was a blasty blastt !!! :D 
eatin dinner ! got my phone back so text me ! :) 
it smells like CHRISTMAS ! :D 
cleanin my room . :) 
dunno what im doin today . prolly gonna go clean my room ... again . 
makin fries and doin homework :) text me . 
goodnight :) 
goin to kohls later :) then doin homework and goin to bed . 
8 more days till NEW YORK !! :D :D ahhh !!! 
workin on english . i HATE english . 
watchin monk !! i love this show !!! 
goin to bed :) 2 more days ! 
studying for geography then bed :) 
I'd like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly . 
just fell allll the way down the stairs ... wow 
1 final down . 4 to go . youth group tonight :) 
i need a nap . 
should really be studying for finals but ...... i think ill pass . 
2 more finals . im so tired . 
goin christmas shopping ... finally ! 
is bored !!! text me ! 
gotta new ihome ! :) i cant wait for christmas ! 
text me :] 
oh . my . gosh . 
and i realize your laugh is the best sound i . have . ever . heard . 
why is EVERYTHING so complicated this year !?! 
maybe two is better than one . :) 
santas comin tonight :) 
Happy Birthday Jesus :D 
you have a smile that can light up this whole town . 
bored . gonna watch obsessed then probably go to bed :) 
babysitting . i wanna go play in the snow ! 
wants to sleep till tomorrow night . 
i dont know but , i think i may be fallin for ya , dropping so quickly . <3 
had an amazing day :D 
Has a headache :/ 
ewwww school ... 
ughhh ... shower . homework . bed . 
keep on snowin :) please . 
i officially hate my school . 
the thought of me having to go to school tomorrow is depressing . 
is super tired . cant wait for this day to be overrr . 
my best friend is amazing . :) 
is going to Sheriffs house to < PROPFEMALE > out with all the ladies <3 
watchin the colts game with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! church tomorrow :) text me . 
sooooo tiredd . goin to see new < PROPFEMALE > later . text me . 
babysitting . 
blahh . i dont want to go to school . 
i hate my life . 
off to bed . church tomorrow . then idk :) 
wow . this is stupid . homework then colts game . 
is confused beyond belief . 
no homework tonight :) watch tv . youth group . bed . :) 
watchin american idol . makin some food . thennn goin to bed . :) 
soooooo tired . cant wait for tonight ! :D 
i dont know why im up this early . im so tired . 
phones broke . dont text :( 
feels tons better ! :) hopefully goin to a movie later . 
just saw the lovely bones with my mom , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . my mom is going to be lecturing me bout it for weeks now ... 
FINALLY ! :D 
just woke up . :) shower . dinner . secret life . the bachelor . bed . :) 
my ears hurt . :( but on the bright side , no homework ! 
cant wait to sleep in my nice cozy bed tonight !! my back hurts so bad ! 
just finished my english paper ! i feel so accomplished ! 
I think that possibly , maybe I've fallin for you .. yes theres a < PROPMALE > that I've fallin quite hard over you . :) 
crap . crap . crap . crap . crap . 
bored . goin to hannahs tonight . text me . :) 
had an AMAZING day with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! :D cleaning my room now . then shower . then bed . thennn church :) 
in the middle of the night when im in this dream its like a million little stars spellin out your name . you gotta c'mon c'mon say that we'll be together , c'mon c'mon ... little taste of heaven . <3 
time slows down whenever you're around 
workin on my english paper . ughh i cant wait for summer . 
is < PROPFEMALE > oo grossed out !! i absolutely hate english ! grounded < PROPFEMALE > dont text . 
needs to make some plans for this weekend . text me :) 
sometimes the person you fall for isnt ready to catch you . :) 
just woke up ! goin to Hannahs house with Noa later . :) 
just got done doin noa's hair . now makin dinner and watchin tv :) text it . 
church . homework . overtime . :) 
eatin pizza then goin to the game . text me . 
80s dance tonight ! 
had fun tonight ! singin at some church tomorrow ... wish i could go to my church ... but oh well . 
oh . my . gosh . i cannot beleive that just happened . how stupid . 
first tennis practice today ! woot woot !!! 
just got home . dinner . shower . homework . american idol . :) 
GO < PROPFIRST > !!! :D 
youth group tonight ! then american idol ! :D 
blah blah blah .... 
i like the way i cant keep my focus , i watch you talk and you didnt notice . i hear the words but all i can think is we should be together <3 
drove on the interstate for the first time ever today !!! 
today was a fairytale all that i can say is now its getting so much clearer , nothin made since till the time i saw your face , today was a fairytale . 
i wishh ...... it was my birthday . 
just got outta practice . dinner then shower . what a day .... 
just got home from tennis . and just got some terribly bad news . :( but other than that it was a really good day ! 
is up way to early ... going driving then jessicas party tonight ! :D 
i like the way you're hair falls in you're face , ya got the keys to me i love each freckle on you're face oh , ive never been so wrapped up hunny i like the way you're everything i ever wanted . <3 
drove on the interstate for the SECOND time today ! gettin ready for jessicas party tonight ! :D 
ugh . goin to bed ... 
i just wished for the same thing on three different clocks at 11:11 ... it better freakin come true . lol 
eatin lunch then workin on homework . overtime tonight :) text me . 
just got home from tennis ! shower . dinner . then studyin for bio test tomorrow :( 
eatin pizza and drinkin a coke . my two favorite things to do . :) haha 
what a boring day . dinner . swing . shower . bed . church tomorrow ! text me :) 
i dont feel good . at all . 
is confused and frusterated . 
what . the . heck . 
tennesee tomorrow :) 
bout to leave for TENNESSEE !!! text me . :) 
goin out to breakfast . text me . :) 
cuz if ya wanna go , baby lets go . if ya wanna rock , im ready to roll . and if ya wanna slow down , we can slow down together <3 
just got done climbin up some hills . :) lol bout to go do a crossword puzzle ! text it . 
is watching Big Fat Liar for the 1085746397 time and eating grapes :) 
my feet are killing me . 
goin out for breakfast maybe ? then goin to the aquarium ! 
just got done walkin around gatlinburg . im beat . goin to play pool with < PROPFIRST > ! :D text me . 
goin home today . 
he's a good time , cowboy casanova leaning up against the record machine . looks like a cool drink of water but hes candy-coated misery . 
i said leave but all i really want is you to stand outside my window throwin pebbles screamin im in love with you :) 
ugh . i dont wanna do this anymore .. 
headed to my grandparents house ! Happy Easter ! :D text me ! 
oh , half of my hearts got a grip on the situation , half of my heart takes time . half of my hearts got a right mind to tell ya that i cant keep lovin you oh with half of my heart . <3 
is cleaning then unpacking :) 
rain rain go away , come again another day . :( 
this wind is ridiculous !! 
American Idol . Go < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
workin on homework . text me :) 
is sooooo tired . thank goodness is friday ! :D 
is making brownies with noa :D 
my knee hurts :( 
good day today :) even though i fell and scraped my knee all up . lol 
going on a safari in search of food in a treehouse with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
first tennis match today ! ahh im so nervous !! 
ugh ugh ughhh 
oh how I hate school . 
bed . school . tennis match . summer is a comin ! 
cannot wait for this day to be over so that it will be the weekend ! :) 
goin to seusical with my best friend ! :D 
goin to help the elderly way down yonder in the chattahoochee where the dust is wild and the yard is grim !! 
i get carried away by the look , by the light in your eyes before i even realize the ride im on , baby im long gone . 
school tomorrow and i havent even opened my bookbag ... grrrreat . :) 
fooooood . thats all i want . :) 
I won I won I won I won I finally won !!!! :D :D 
shower . dinner . homework . text me . :) 
i gotta get to you , cuz ya sure been gettin to me . 
is freaking out . ughughugh 
hangin with < PROPFEMALE > alllll day tomorrow ; then prommmm :) 
breathe < PROPFEMALE > , just breathe 
prommmmm :) 
well that was interesting ... 
last night was fun !! little scary though .. lol takin a shower then workin on homework ! 
cant wait for school tomorrow !!!!!............. not 
on my way home . dinner , shower , american idol , bed . :) text me 
is stressed but besides that , happy :) 
goin out to eat with my parents . text me :) 
when everything is falling apart u will be safe in his arms 
loves getting up at 6:45 on a saturday morning ... NOT 
ice skating :) text me . 
i . am . so . sore . do i have to go to school tomorrow ? 
youth group :) 
is sooooooo excited !!!!! 
she's a good girl , loves her mama , loves Jesus and < PROPFEMALE > too 
my best days are ahead of me . 
does not feel good . at all . 
sick :/ 
well it might be me , but the way I see it the whole wide world has gone craazy 
very bad day ... 
from this moment life has begun . from this moment you are the one . right beside you is where i belong . from this moment on . 
eating . showering . packing . bed . 
blahh i feel funny :/ senior celebration tomorrow ! :) 
senior celebration :) 
my throat hurts . :( braces tomorrow .. grrrrrreat . 
goodnight :D 
studying ; youth group ; shower ; bed :) 2 more days <3 
i hate finals . driving test today ! 
i dont know what to do i think im fallin for you <3 
got my license !! :D 
holla if ur ready for some summa nights ! :D 
Lubo Faisa and Noa Iiboshi are the biggest losers ive ever met in my life . 
what a fantastic day :) church , then jeremys graduation tomorrow ! 
i love the feeling of not having to do homework on a sunday night :) 
he is jealous for me . loves like a hurricane , i am a tree bending beneath the weight of his wind and mercy . 
&& you're tied together with a smile but you're comin undone . 
is painting a treehouse with my best friend :D 
covered in paint . eatin waffle fries and chicken critters ! :D 
i can't think of a better way to spend a day than with my best friend :D 
and i could tell you his favorite colors green . He loves to argue , born on the seventeenth . His sisters beautiful , he has his fathers eyes and if you ask me if i love him .. I'd lie . :) text me . 
mufffffins !!! :D 
sad day :( im goin back to bed .. 
is watchin What a Girl Wants :) 
happy birthday < PROPMALE > :D 
hangin out with people :) text me . 
show me that good things come to those who wait . :) 
and I'm gonna love you like nobody loves you , and I'll earn your trust makin memories of us . <3 
someday baby , you and I are gonna be the ones so hold on we're headed for a better life . <3 
GOT AN INTERVIEW !!!!! :D :D 
never give up on someone you can't go a day without thinking about . <3 
is not a happy camper . 
THIS . IS . SO . STUPID . 
ugh . 
booooooooooo :( 
watchin the notebook <3 then off to Erins open house :D 
be positive . stay calm . ignore it . 
waiting , waiting , waiting . ahh im a nervous wreck ! 
you lift my feet off the ground , you spin me around , you make me crazier , crazier <3 
sleepin in the treehouse with < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
got a job at CHICK-FIL-A ! :D 
starts training at chick-fil-a monday :) family reunion tomorrow . fun stuff . 
I . Feel . Terrible . 
overtime later . <3 text me . 
Bedtime . Im wiped outttt <3 
just got back from my first day of work . if you call sitting and watching videos all day work . but i got paid ! :D 
goodnight :) cleaning the house tomorrow then workin 4-8 . 
training 4-8 , im tiiiired . 
i dont feel good :/ 
you're beautiful , every little piece love . <3 good day . 
Toy Story 3 later with the family . then we'll see what happens . :) 
Toy Story 3 just about made me cry . haha eatin dinner then maybe a party ?? 
goin to go see letters to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > colberto :) 
bored . nothin to do today . text me :) 
and i dont know why but with u I'd dance in a storm in my best dress fearless . 
goin to see the last song with my mom :) 
is wiped outt . cant wait for florida ! :D 
my new favorite team : Utah Jazz <3 
FLORIDA TONIGHT ! :D text me :) 
F L O R I D A !!!! :D finally ! text me 
got a total of 15 minutes of sleep last night . awesome . 
what a fantastic day . :) 
cuz all i want is everything you're not . 
goin to the beach with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
If shes lonely now , she won't be lonely long . 
oh my goodness ! im burntttt ! 
Shake Shop with < PROPFEMALE > then swimming ! :D 
I like the way your hair falls in your face , ya got the keys to me I love each freckle on your face . Oh , I've never been so wrapped up < PROPFEMALE > I like the way you're everything I ever wanted . :) 
Florida is doing wonders for my hair . I'm definitely moving here haha 
hangin with Lieutenant < PROPFIRST > ; goin to a movie later ; text me :) 
good day ! :D excited for tomorrow ! 
just came in from swimming alllll day with < PROPFEMALE > . :) im tired . 
and so the countdown begins -----> 26 days :) 
headin home ; text me -----> 25 days :) 
no air conditioning . fantastic . 
youth group tonight ! cant wait to see everybody ! -----> 23 days :) 
kings island ! :D 
Could it be any hotter outside ?? 
ok here we go , if you like this status I'll write something I like about you on your wall . :) 
There is hope for the hopeless , rest of the weary , and love for the broken heart . There is grace and forgiveness , mercy and healing , they'll meet you wherever you are . Cry out to Jesus -----> 20 days :) 
and if our God is for us then who could ever stop us , and if our God is with us then what could stand against ? -----> 18 days :) 
scariest thing I've ever done is drive in the pouring rain ! vbs tonight ! :) 
I said leave but all I really want is you to stand outside my window throwin pebbles screamin im in love with you . Wait there in the pourin rain , come back for more and dont you leave cuz i know all i need is on the other side of the door ? -----> 16 days :) 
with the ladies :) 
work tonight 5-9 -----> 15 days :) 
finally had a good day at work :) 
I'm giving up , so just catch me -----> 14 days :) 
having a cookout :) 
I love meeting up with all my old friends again :) what a great night ! 
is nervous and excited ! :D text me -----> 12 days :) 
is really excited for the Bachelorette tonight ! :D text me ! 
givin my life to the only one who makes the < PROPFEMALE > reflect the sun . :) 
bye bye love , I'll catch you later . Got a lead foot down on my accelorator and the rearview mirror torn off , I aint never lookin back . And thats a fact . :) 
bored . youth group tonight ! 9 days ! :D 
just got done eating @ chick-fil-a with my best friend < PROPFEMALE > LeMaire and her wonderful siblings :) 
work 4-9 -----> 7 days :) 
working 12-5 then i dunno . -----> 6 days :) 
goin to the fair later . :) text me ! 
I'm beat ! Naptime :) 
four . more . days . 
is really jealous of everyone going to cedar point today :( work 5-9 
got off work early today :) i feel sick . 
chores . lunch . shower . youth group . text me :) 
is excited for tomorrow ! :D 
work 3-7 :) 
cut myself at work today . it hurts . :( 
is seventeen . :) 
So maybe its true that I cant live without you . And maybe two is better than one . text me :) 
1 week ! :D 
The more boys I meet , the more I love my dog .. 
BACHELORETTE !!!! :D 
JUST WON TICKETS TO THE < PROPMALE > BROTHERS CONCERT ....... and i cant go . fantastic . 
Be strong in the Lord and never give up hope , you're gonna do great things , I already know . Gods got his hand on you so dont live life in fear , forgive and forget , but dont forget why you're here . Take your time and pray . These are the words I would say .. 
Personal Fitness . Expository Writing . AP US History . Christian Family . Chemistry . ASL3 . Algebra 2 . :) 
if you want the rainbow , you have to put up with the rain . 
just got back from the doctor :/ work 4-9 ... 
getting my blood drawn tomorrow .. im scaaared . :( 
just got back from getting my blood drawn .. blahh .. packing . text me . 
PUERTO < PROPMALE > !! :D 
still sitting at the airport in north < PROPFEMALE > . kill me now . 
Save me 
has finally landed in puerto < PROPMALE > . thank God . 
sitting in a jacuzzi over looking the Carribean Ocean sipping a Pina Colada :) 
heading home :( that means school tomorrow .... 
work in the morning 11-3 
my back is killing me . party tonight ! :) 
I wish I could read peoples minds ... 
homework . booo . 
doing my hair and watching the bachelor pad . then reading some apush to put me to sleep :) 
grounded . :/ 
i . am . so . tired . 
just got off work . bedtime . 
walking 3 < PROPMALE > with my dad and my best friend . haha 
has a stuffy nose :/ church tomorrow though :) 
a face without freckles is like a sky without stars . <3 
would love to take a nap right now but no . I have to work till 10 . yay . 
working till ten .... again . 
I just made about 184756374 milkshakes . It's time for bed . 
work till nine . are they trying to kill me ? :( 
School . Work . Bed . Thank God It's Friday . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Games . Then hanging with < PROPFEMALE > :) text me ! 
I cant believe I just did that . Wow . Out to eat with the family . text me . 
bad day :/ 
is really really annoyed .. :/ 
My house is way too quiet ... :/ 
Today was good . Work 5-9 :) 
Football game tonight :) 
is sooo tired :/ not a very good day ... work tomorrow 12-4 
is completely ticked off :/ work till 4 . 
bdubs with the girls :) 
God will never take anything away from you without giving you something so much better . <3 
church . then ... not sure :) 
is working on Labor Day cuz thats just how I roll . 
best . weekend . ever . :) 
is in a strange mood :/ 
work 4-9 :) 
doesnt feel good :/ work tomorrow 9:30 - 3:30 , kill me now . 
is in a terrible mood . 
my feet are KILLING me . I should not have played 3 games of basketball barefoot :/ school tomorrow then work :) 
Life is good . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > tired :/ youth group later , then bed . 
And you've gotta smile that could light up this whole town . 
work 12-6 then Stephanies :) 
I just spent 3 bucks on nail polish that takes 30 minutes to dry and looks like crap . awesome . 
tired :/ dont feel good . 
I . Hate . Algebra . 
Can we just move already ?! 
Off to fail an algebra test 
Gets to sleep in tomorrow for the first time in foreverrrrr !!! :D 
is really excited for movie night tonight with Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Cutshaw , < PROPMALE > Colbert , and < PROPFEMALE > Colbert :) 
homework then packing some more :/ 
How is tomorrow only thursday !? 
game tonight then homecoming tomorrow ! :) 
shoot . me . in . the . face . 
This could possibly be one of the worst days of my life . 
is watchin good burger ! 
Law&Order <3 
is stressed out , as usual . youth group later :) 
Choosing between coke and sprite is the hardest decision ever ! Work tonight 5-10 
blehh :/ work 4-9 then bed . 
Haunted House with friends :D 
just now starting my english paper . awesome . 
work 5-9 :) 
this baby is ridiculous . 
Should I bring my baby to youth group tonight or no ?..... hmmmm ... 
is ready for some CeDaR pOiNt !!! :D 
CEDAR POINT !! :D 
I like the way you sound in the morning , we're on the phone and without a warning I realize your laugh is the best sound I . have . ever . heard . :) 
bedtime :) 
is packing :( 
Can it be March yet ? I'm kinda ready for tennis to start ... and for school to be almost over .... ugh 
Wasn't it beautiful when you believed in everything , and everybody believed in you ? 
Law & Order Marathon :) text me . 
fall break , finally :) youth group later . 
Just got < PROPFIRST > Swifts new cd .... yesssssss ! :D 
scary movie night ! <3 
I wish I hadnt packed my snuggie yet :( 
moving day :/ 
ahh busiest week everrr :/ 
I'll spend forever wondering if you knew , I was enchanted to meet you <3 
\ ' Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile . \ " <3 " 
I dont care how early it is , I'm going to bed . 
Headache :/ 
Grandparents house . Then work 6-10 :) 
New phone :) 
elf :) 
The host on skating with the stars is obnoxious . 
Happy Thanksgiving :) 
shopping allll night ! <3 
is completely exhausted . do I have to go to work tomorrow ? 
work 11-4 . 
decorating the christmas tree :) 
\Dont be fallin in love as shes walkin away . \"" 
is one happy camper . :) 
\There could never be a more beautiful you . \ " <3 " 
Can't wait for tomorrow ! :D 
Remember when I was young and so were you , and time stood still and love was all we knew . <3 <---- best song everrr :) 
He's a good time , cowboy casanova leaning up against the record machine . He looks like a cool drink of water but he's candy-coated misery . 
I just got in a fender bender on the way to the dentist . Hah . 
grounded :/ just now starting my english paper . greaaat . 
I have to work Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ? What is this ?!?!?! 
studying for finals tomorrow ? .... not gonna happen . 
1 down , 4 to go . Whaaaat ? :/ 
Algebra 2 final tomorrow . I might cry . 
With my best friend for the night :D 
\I don't know what to do I think I'm fallin for you . \ " <3 " 
I've gotta start doing stuff besides laying around the house all day messing with my ipod . :/ 
Working 2-8 then hanging out with Noa Iiboshi and maybe < PROPFEMALE > Colbert for the night :) 
Is annoyed :/ time for bed . 
Not gonna lie ... kinda missing my family :/ 
Got off work early :) 
\Be strong in the Lord and never give up hope . \"" 
Working all day :/ 
\In the middle of the night when I'm in this dream it's like a million little stars spelling out your name . \ " <3 " 
I . don't . feel . good . at . all . :( 
watching the bachelor <333 
I miss my best friend , < PROPFEMALE > LeMaire :( forreal . 
is reading the last song online because she's too cheap to actually buy the book . hah . 
Ughhh ... 
Today was such a great day . :) 
is a very happy camper . :) my life is now complete . 
No work tomorrow either ? Now that would be a dream come true . 
I . am so . dumb . 
no school ? again ? :( I'm NOT very happy . 
Is finally getting out of this house and going to the mall with < PROPMALE > ! Text me ! :) 
This is getting a little out of hand ... I want my life back and that includes school . 
Just got off work and is just now starting to study for my algebra test tomorrow . awesome . 
Could algebra get any more pointless and stupid ? 
\Why wait another minute for somethin we should've done yesterday ? \ " <3 " 
I hate people who hate on valentines day . It's a good day !! :) 
it smells like ...... SUMMER ! :D 
ughh :/ I dont know what to do ... 
I think it's safe to say my feet have never hurt this bad in my whole . entire . life . 
Never let your prayin knees get lazy , and love like crazy . <3 
This english thing is stressing me out .... 
Who wants to buy me < PROPFIRST > Swift tickets for my birthday ?! 
Today is not my day . 
This game is to addicting . I need to stop . 
Why am I still up ? I just wanna sleep forever . 
Working till 8:30 :) 
Getting my haircut for the fist time in like 20 years . :/ 
I want my long hair back ..... right . now . :( 
Shopping ! :D 
Is so excited :D 
is watching snow white <3 yess ! 
Watching the final episode of the bachelor !!! <33333 
My WHOLE entire body is sore . 
working 11-4 . 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > Swift . I love this weather :) 
\What can wash away my sins ? Nothing but the blood of Jesus . \ " <3 " 
S O U T H C A R O L I N A ! : D 
I wish it was 80 degrees .... then I'd be happy . 
Its been a loooonggg day . Lots to think about ... :/ 
And now let the stressing out about prom begin .... now . 
Working 11-4 . :) Hopefully I remember how ... Jeezz ... 
Today was a terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day . :/ 
Headed to < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
\Have faith in your dreams and someday your rainbow will come smiling through . \ " :) " 
\I'll tell you one thing it's always better when we're together . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > <33 " 
I could eat a million dove chocolates just to read the message inside the wrapper ! :) 
Who's ready for PROMMMMM !?!?! :) 
New phone !! :) 
I don't think I've ever been this unprepared for a test in my whole . entire . life . 
SAT ----> COMPLETE ! :) 
worst day . of . my . life . 
is . a . S E N I O R . say whaaaattt ?!? :) 
High School Musical 3 is on next . not gonna lie ... I'm pretty excited ! 
I love cops . I could watch it all day :) 
I KNOW the weather did NOT just interrupt american idol ! 
I just love it when my car alarm goes off while I'm at the gas station and I don't know how to make it stop ... 
working 11-4 thennn off to < PROPFEMALE>'s :) 
I'm burnt . Go figure . :/ 
< PROPMALE > Cutshaw is the best brother ever !!!! 
working 5-10 , blahh I just wanna sleeeeeeeeep :/ 
I can't even explain how annoyed I am at this very moment . 
new car , yayy ! :) 
plan for the day was to sleep allllll day ----> mission accomplished . :) 
I swear , I love my life . 
I've sat and watched Law & Order all day . I have no life . 
well today completely sucked buuuuuutttt I got my caaaarrr :) I think its bed time . 
If I fall , can ya let me down easy ? If I leave my heart with you tonight , can ya promise me that you're gonna treat it right ? <3 <3 
svu marathon till ten . get excited . 
I'm in love with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . <3 
It's Florida time . 
Let the sunburns , sunsets , and swimming everyday begin :) 
Shopping <3 
I'm buuuuurntttt . :/ oooouuuchhh . 
yes , I'm watching the < PROPFIRST > bieber movie and I am now one of those crazy teenage girls who's in love with him . 
about to walk to the shake shop <3 
today was a goooood day :) 
I . Love . Soccer . 
\remember when I was young and so were you and time stood still and love was all we knew\ " <3 " 
The end of High School Musical 3 gets me every time . 
Live . Laugh . Love . <3 
Last day in Florida . Volleyball on the beach , then going out to eat with the whole gang :) 
Heading home . I cannot wait . 
I love spending the whole entire day with my best friend < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I don't know if I'll make it but watch how good I'll fake it . It's alright , alright , tonight , tonight . <3 
This is a joke , right ? Omg . 
Like a < PROPFEMALE > , trampled on the ground , You took the fall and thought of me , above all <3 
I just love not having air conditioning in my car on days like today ... 
To you , everything's funny , you got nothing to regret . I'd give all I have < PROPFEMALE > , If you could stay like that . <3 
I'm determined to make today a good day . :) 
\The Lord himself goes before you and will be with you ; He will never leave you nor forsake you . Do not be afraid ; do not be discouraged . \ " Deuteronomy 31:8 " 
I wanna go see < PROPFIRST > Swift . :/ 
work till four , then off to < PROPFEMALE>'s :) 
Got two shots today and didn't even cry ... I'm growing up ! :) 
I just won a trip to the Bahamas . whooo ! 
He's everything you want , he's everything you need , he's everything inside of you that you wish you could be . He says all the right things at exactly the right time , but he means nothing to you and you don't know why . <3 
hmmm .... I'm thinking I'm pretty screwed for this AP Lit thing .... 
Friday night and the < PROPFEMALE > is high , I'm wide awake just watchin ' you sleep . And I promise you you're gonna have more than just the things that you need . We ain't got much now , we're just starting out , but I know somehow paradise is coming . <3 
I debated whether or not I should do this but ..... truth is ...? 
6 more daaaayyysss :) 
Dear < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , \ 
Marry me ? \ 
Love , me :) 
I've never been so wrapped up , < PROPFEMALE > I like the way you're everything I ever wanted . 
filling out my first college application . ohh my goshh ... 
Who's excited for her massage tomorrow ?! THIS GIRL . 
is eighteen :) I'm not sure how I feel about this ... 
Got my < PROPFIRST > Bieber folder . I'm ready for senior year . :) 
working on AP Lit all day . whoo ! 
\So tell me what I gotta do to win you over . \ " <3 " 
All the bachelorette ever does to me is make me mad . Why do I watch it ? I'll marry you < PROPMALE > . 
Forever can never be long enough for me to feel like I've had long enough with you . <3 
what am I doing for my last 3 days of summer ?! working working working allllll day . 
I don't like driving on dark scary country roads at night ... :/ 
I'm so sick of rude people . 
Playing tennis with my cousin in skinny jeans and flats = bad idea . 
What a stressful first day , now working till 9 . 
Today was the fifth day of school and I'm already wiped out . This year is killin ' me . 
You're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul . 
today will consist of laundry , cleaning my room , writing this speech and finishing my awful homework , law & order , and chocolate :) 
When everything is falling apart , you will be safe in His arms . <3 
My life is one big crazy roller coaster ! I don't know what to do ! 
Just love them like Jesus , < PROPFEMALE > them to Him . His yoke is easy , His burden is light . You don't need the answers to all of life's questions , just know that He loves them and stay by their side . Love them like Jesus . <3 
Love is the arms that are holding you , love never fails you . <3 
I swear , I think I hate every single one of my classes this year . 
I don't think I'm capable of handling this much stress . I'm gonna explode . 
and you've gotta smile that'll light up this whole town . <3 
My whole world is caving in but I feel you now more than I did then . 
I'm ready to graduate . Right . Now . 
\You make my heart beat faster . \ " <3 " 
Its pretty sad that I am just now realising how funny the office truly is . 
I'm ten weeks and I'm craving smarties ! :) 
dear braces , you are the best thing that has ever happened to me . love , me :) 
somehow I found a way to get lost in you <3 
I'm not sure how I feel about this whole school thing tomorrow ... 
I'm going to apologize in advance to anyone who has to listen to my speech tomorrow . It's not gonna be good .... 
It's gonna be a gooooooood weekend ! :) 
That was a joke . 
I'm one happy camper ! :) 
I will not boast in anything ; no gifts , no power , no wisdom . But I will boast in Jesus Christ , His death and resurrection . <3 
first day of the whole entire school year that I have no homework ... what's going on ?!? 
Just when I feel this crazy world is gonna bring me down , that's when Your smile comes around . <3 
Gettting my wisdom teeth out ------> worst and also the weirdest experience of . my . life . :/ booo . 
\Someday I'll find a way to show you just how lucky I am to know you . \ " <3 " 
I feel like complete crap . awesome . 
when it rains , it pours . 
every little thing is gonna be alright :) 
Senior year is exactly what I expected . Stressful . I can't wait for this to end . 
I hate AP Lit . So . Much . 
getting a twitter was a terrible terrible idea ... 
my poor car is broken :( booo ! 
this has been a terrible day :/ 
\You can be the rain from the cloud when it's storming or you can be the sun when it shines in the morning . \ " <3 " 
I hate how one can of pringles lasts about five minutes in this house ... how annoying . 
I CANNOT wait to see Noa Iiboshi today !! :D 
its sad how someone can go from meaning everything to you to meaning absolutely nothing at all . 
Keep your dumb drama to yourself , please . 
I hate how I can be so determined to get all my homework done when I get home while driving and then right when I get home it all just goes away . 
I really don't think I have ever hated anything more than I hate pre-calc right now . 
It's funny how just missing one day of school can make me so happy and excited . 
C E D A R P O I N T ! :D 
I hate square pizza . 
People amaze me by the crap they try to pull off . 
May 20th will be the happiest day of my life . 
Happiness is celebrating the little things . <3 
I wish colleges wouldn't take five years to tell me if I'm accepted or not . Then maybe I could actually be happy for other people when they get accepted . 
I will never be too old to trick or treat . 
GOT ACCEPTED TO < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!! 
is one happppppy camper ! :) 
i love me some cookie cake . 
is so annoyyyyedd . 
Every time I see a leaf blow across the road while I'm driving I think it's some sort of animal . 
I hope I wake up tomorrow and it's a winter wonderland . 
Theres not one guy who I dont look back on and think to myself \what the HECK was I thinking ? \"...." 
I'm so ready for black friday . 
I feel like it should be midnight right now .... I want to go to sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep . 
I'm so pumped to go to sleep tonight . 
