sorry I have to ignore everyone's requests for things ... I still don't know what I'm doing ... 

Blagh .... I went to work two hours early just to use the internet . 
gonna be working at the prunedale Sbux tonight ... I'll try not to get locked out this time ! 
I didn't get any pictures on Halloween .... and I looked fantastic ! 
yes , I did infact go see New < PROPFEMALE > ... just not at midnight like I planned ... TeamJacobWoo ! 
I'm starting to feel sick ... blah ! NOT NOW ! 
I saw < PROPFEMALE > at Coffee Mia ! 
Aw ! I feel so loved ! 
my mind .... i left it ... somewhere on the road to < PROPMALE > City .... 
Down at Mars Hill Coffee Shop in down-town Hollister ! Everyone should come out ! Hatie Relief Fund Raising Concert ! Come on down it'll be great fun ! 
I wanna go to Vegas .... who's comin ' with me ! 
Only two more days of < PROPMALE > City !! Woooooot ! 
One more day , then I no longer have to wake at ungodly hours of the morning ! 
Damn you , Phill , you let me down ! 6 more weeks of winter ! - Happy groundhog's day 
Don't ANYONE send me some obnoxiously cute < PROPFIRST>'s day crap or you will be stabbed ! 
hooray ... all the depressing winter holidays are over . That means we can get ready for Spring ... and ST . PATRICK'S DAY !!!! 
WTF , mate ? every time I try to add photos I get kicked of the internet .... grrr ... stupid facebook ... you've never made sense to me ... 
I have done it ... three years of hair have left my head ... it's quite freeing ... 
http://makingmemagazine.com/index.php/2010/02/invisible/ 
Everyone should go to Mars Hill in Hollister and bask in the gloriousness that is my artwork !!! 
Happy Spring to all !!!! 
9pm tonight , fire dancers down at Asilomar Beach in Monterey ! Come see ! 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! that was fun ... we should do surprise parties more often ... and tomorrow , Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
fire dancing at asilomar again ! 10pm til whenever ! 
I made < PROPMALE > ... and someone gave me monies for it !!! best $30 I've ever made !!! 
The sun is out ! farmer's market is packed ! The beach is beautiful ! And < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is calling .... Life ia so wonderful sometimes ! 
... and I'm slowly but surely figuring out iTunes ... stupid apple and their stupid iCrap ! 
Happy Earth Day ! Go hug a tree ... they're less complicated than people ... 
I'm house/cat/fish/spider-sitting for < PROPFEMALE > ... as we speak , the devil cat sits quietly beside me acting like he's not planning to rip my face off ... and Vatic's trying to snort my yogurt ... 
I'm all dressed up in my beach wear waiting for this 80 degree weather that's been rumored .... it's looking like the rumors was false ... :( 
feel like wandering aimlessly ... 
... I understand that the fantabulous < PROPFEMALE > Flip will be playing at CSUMB , and that most of my friends will be there ... but I'm going against the flow , up to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > to watch some fire dancing ... sorry guys , but I've been planing on this for a while ... 
... and we will dance around , naked and free ... 
I think I've decided sleeping's overrated ... I just want to do EVERYTHING , ALL the TIME ! 
Summer is not far away ... time to plot adventures ... 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Fuego ... It was short , but sweet ... you were the best fish I ever had ... :( 
I just bought Burning Man tickets .... hell yea .... 
... only you can make every new day seem so new ... :) 
... mixing bagpipes and punk rock was a great idea ... 
... I am really quite sad that facebook has deemed me unworthy of uploading any more photos ... my face is just as fabulous as anyone else's ... 
alright , makeing progress ... uploaded two , count ' em , TWO photos .... yea ... 
Is it just me or is facebook going STUPID slow lately ??? 
alright ... the phot thing's starting to work out a bit ... a bit ... 
haha ... i just realized i wrote \phot\ " instead of \ " photo\ " ... doi ... " 
OMG ! Judgement Day , < PROPFEMALE > Sesssions , Poor < PROPFEMALE > , AND < PROPFIRST > Hennecut , ALL at East Village in Monterey , June 6th .... Blast from the past if ever there was one ... I'll need to see if I can get that day off ... 
crap .... I walked down to Coffee Mia , and now it's raining ... WTF , when I left my house the sun was shining strong and beautiful ! 
... siiiiiiigh ..... alright ... here I go ... I'm gonna walk home in the rain ... I hope my backpack doesn't leak and my laptop doesn't die ... that would be ultimate sadness ... 
I just spent an hour and a half practicing poi ... my arms hurt , my face hurts , my hands hurt , my leg hurts ...?... and I still can't do backwards-thread-the-needle ... :( ... my patient determination is wavering ... 
my poi skills have returned ... i figured out backwards-thread-the-needle ... woot ! 
I love how hot it is outside !!!!!!! 
Aaaaaaaaaand it's gone ............. the sun that is .......... 
Feeling like I'm getting a bad cold .... it's either that or I caught West Nile from traipsing through the mosquitor-infested lagoons of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ..... 
Today is my Friday ... got a couple of days to chill ... 
Missed the alarm clock today and screwed up EVERYONE'S scheduals ... now I have to work tonight .... :P Sorry < PROPFEMALE > , I'm a tard ! 
HEY EVERYONE ! send me your mailing addresses so that when I go on my trip I can send you post cards !!!! 
Happy father's day AND happy birthday to my dad ! 
Happy First Day of SUMMER !!!! 
A little dissapointed that my solstice/sarah'sbirthday celebration ended tattooless .... I looked like a nerd with my socks and sndals for nothing ... :( 
getting sick AGAIN ... AND I'm working NINE DAYS STRAIGHT ..... F my life right now , man .... F .... my .... life ...... 
I have got the nastiest poison oak blisters all over my leg .... and it appears to be spreading ... mmmm .... jucey .... 
Today marks the begining of a three month long whirlwind of craziness .... here goes nothing ... 
blackbird singing in the dead of night , take these broken wings and learn to fly , all your life you were only waiting for this moment to arrive ... 
So last night , I spun fire in front of my cousins ' house while their neighbors lit fire works ... when I was done , this herd of little kids ran up to me with awe-stricken faces ... one of them asked me where I was from ... I proudly replied , \Prunedale \"..." 
Hooray for day off ... must clean house ..... and car .... REALLY gotta clean car ... 
HAhahaa ! Having Facebook in Pirate is pretty funny .... 
I don't think hell is a place of fire and brimstone ... it's a place of eternal cold , ugly , drizzly fog ... a state not unlike that of today ... Aug 1 is taking too long to get here ... 
So , the next three weekends < PROPFEMALE > and I shall be yard salin ' it up outside the < PROPFEMALE > Pet Hospital . Sat & Sun , 8am-ish to Noon-ish , this weekend , next weekend and the weekend after . Come buy stuff ! Or give us stuff to sell ! Or just come < PROPFEMALE > out , make us look like the happenin ' place ... 
Oh yea , and happy birthday to my lil ' sister , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So , first day of yard sailin ' was a fail ... but we're still gonna try tomorrow ! And this time we'll have ghetto posters ! 
I here it's free slurpee day at 7/11 because it is 7/11 .... I'm about to abandon my yard sale post and go investigate this ... 
TWENTY MORE DAAAAAAAAAAYS !!!!! 
Can it be ? Shunshine gushing through my window ! 
blackberry < PROPFEMALE > tea , blueberry bagel , and my bum nestled in a familiar chair ... Rollick's how i've missed thee ! 
ELEVEN MORE DAAAAAAAAAAAYS ! 
Finally saw The Last Airbender ! M . Night Shyamalan , you didn't fail me ... I approve ... in fact , I think I can finally forgive you for The Village ... 
Officially moved back in with the parents ... It's kinda strange sleeping in my old room ... 
SEVEN MORE DAAAAAAAAYS !!!! ... anyone who wants post cards send me your address if you haven't already !!!! 
All right , it's finally here ! This time tomorrow I'll be on the train heading east . Won't see the ocean for a whole month . I'll miss you guys ! Take care while I'm gone !!! 
Made it to Colorado ! WOOT ! it is so hot here ! I LOVE IT ! 
Made it safely to Oklahoma ! it's even HOTTER over here ! So long , Colorado ! Good times ! 
Whoo hoo ! I lost my cell phone !!! but on the up-side , chicago's pretty rad ! 
Yea ! I'm posting this from a phone ... But not mine since I don't have mine ! 
Whoo ! So , after a bus ride that was EIGHT HOURS longer than it should have been , i finally made it to Real < PROPFEMALE > Indiana ! I'm SO happy to be on solid ground ! 
ATTENTION : So apparently postcards are only TRUELY postcards if they are 6''x4 '' ... anything over that does not count as a postcard , and therefore requires REGULAR POSTAGE ! This explains why some of your postcards never reached you , because the postcard industry creates postcards that are BIGGER than 6''x4 '' and does not warn the buyer that they require regular postage ... bastards ! 
Aside from red barns , cows , beer and cheese , Wisconsin has a lot of MOSQUITOS ! horrid beasts ! they must all die ! But I'm still having fun . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > got me hooked on Glee . Makes me miss drama ! 
... Oh yea , Go Packers .... 
It's finally here ! I'm off to the Burn ! Time to get < PROPFIRST > ! If I don't make it back , I died content ! )'( 
I have returned to the default world ... I miss you already my fellow Burners ... Epic week indeed ... the food here isn't < PROPFIRST > enough ... 
Oh yea , one more thing : I lost my phone ( for the twenty-millionth time now !!! ) so everyone message me your < PROPFIRST > so that i can get a hold of you !!! 
I am restless .... i'm thinking of hopping a plane to Ireland .... 
that dubstep party sounds like more fun , but how far is mountain view ? 
Time to start planning for Halloween !!! I'm so excited ! 
I think I'm gonna try to make onion rings ..... yea .... sounds good ... 
Everyone needs to STOP IMing ME ! Every time a little IM pops up I get kicked off the internets ! I don't know why , it's annoying , but yea , just send me a personal message . It'll notify me instantly anyway . 
I spend rediculous amounts of time on Facebook these days ..... and it's because everyday there's at least one new post that's Burning Man related .... and it makes me happy ...... but i don't know if that's a healthy way to handle my separation anxiety ... 
The mornings are getting colder , and the days are getting shorter ... Happy Fall everyone ... 
Eating < PROPMALE > n Cheese and drinking wine ... classy .... Sisters , last night was epic ! We must do it again sometime ! And this time I WON'T pass out early I promise ! Now , lets see some pictures ! 
House/Pet-sitting for < PROPFEMALE > again ... And I think one of the snakes got loose ..... I'm ok with snakes , I just don't want it to eat Vatic ... 
I'm in one of those awekward transition periods , where I can't really do anything until something else happens , and it's all just taking too damn long ....... it isn't even OCTOBER YET !!! 
Mmmmmm .... Pumpkin Scones .... 
FINALLY .... October is here ... Jeeze ... took long enough ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > decomp = fail :( Burners in Default world just isn't the same ... 
I just have too many things I should be doing ..... and I don't really want to do any of them ........ so I'm on Facebook instead ! 
There is a whole week in October that I , for some reason , was not expecting to exist ... it's kinda throwing me off ... 
Hail < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! I woke up around 10am today feeling like I may still be drunk ... good job guys ! 
Happy 10/10/10 ! And to everyone in SF for the Decomp , I wish I was there :( 
Freaked the F out this morning cuz I forgot I had Jury duty .................. it's not ' til next week .......... which means , I COULD have hauled ass up to SF last night and could STILL be partying with the Burners today .... but alas ! 
Got DAYS off .... what do i do !?!?! 
It's already tuesday ! What happened to Monday ? 
I got prank called by Darth Vader last night .... 
It's that time of year .... I don't want to do anything ... i don't even want to eat ... just curl up by a fire and soak in the warmth ... 
YEA ! after several months of bummin ' at my parents ' house , I FINALLY get to move into my new place tomorrow ! ....... RIGHT after jury duty ! 
Good morning Facebook !!! Off to do my model-citizenly duties ... hooray ... 
oh my GOD ... I have NEVER been SO BORED in all my LIFE ... I can't believe we decide people's fates like that .... we really should just take ' em out back and shoot ' em .... it would be a lot quicker and a TON more painless !!!! 
I am SO STOKED on my new place ... A baby pit bull came running up to welcome me into the neighborhood the minute I got there ... It's gonna be great ! 
I sitll have boxes I don't want to go through .... I should just leave them at the Goodwill ... I've lived for three whole months without whatever's in them , I probably don't need ' em ... 
This time of year always seems to be filled with tension and drama ... I suppose that's why we wear silly costumes and feast endlessly on < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Anyone got rugs and carpets they dont want ??? my floor is very cold ... 
Halloween 2010 : I'm never drinking Whiskey again ! 
i'm listening to Kansas on a record player ... i feel like i should have been doing this a long time ago ... 
i biked from down town Prunedale , down castroville blvd , to my parents ' house in Elkhorn , in the dark ! I've been driving down that road for 23 years , and that night I experienced it in a way I never had before ! Most epic indeed ! 
Guess what , < PROPFEMALE > ! We're going to Chicago !!!!! 
so yea , my phone is ONCE AGAIN out of commission ... for the next couple of days , if you need to reach me just facebook me and i will hopefully get back to you ... * beeeeep * 
12 hours of Starbucks and the Christmas set-up today ... came home and there's no electricity in my room and we're not sure why ... no car , no phone , no electricity ... at least i have the internets ! 
my poor frozen feet mourn the loss of long warm sandal-wearing days ... 
.... time to hibernate ... 
Got a new phone ! I am reachable now ! 
here lies danger ... and the wolf ! 
I'm thankful for all the souless , superficial , material CRAP that I DON'T have ... 
CLEARLY , I'm journeying to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ... 
Stayed home all day today ... Makes me feel like I haven't done anything , though I think it's necessary to do that once in a while ... 
http://www.gocomics.com/calvinandhobbes/1992/10/14/ 
True Grit = WOOT ! 
I sit with my cat and watch the fish tank ... 
desperately need to get off the couch and do something constructive ... 
AAAAAAAND I'm back .... 
SO happy that tomorrow is Friday !!! 
I'm totally gonna watch Land Before Time right now ... the ORIGINAL , not one of the 200 rediculous sequels ... 
had a sudden inspiration to paint .... MUST ... PAINT !!! 
anarchy burger ! hold the government ! 
OMG , Christmas is next week .... which means Chicago's in TWO WEEKS ! 
ohmygod .... i love the sound of rain ..... 
OMG ! it's only been two hours and everybody's sent me a message ! you guys rock ! \ 
\ 
either that or you don't have lives ... HAHA ! love you alll ! 
thanks you guys ! you're all wonderful !!! 
Biked home in the rain and mud , precariously balancing a gift bag full of wine , incense and orchids ... this weekend has left me exhausted , filthy , and extremely satisfied . Thanks to all of you , and happy birthday to the other Sag's that I randomly met this weekend .... \ 
Now for another beer ! 
The Zenith of the lunar eclipes is NOW ! For all of you not living in FOG , go outside and enjoy ! And happy first day of Winter !!! 
Well the longest night of the year is over so it's only getting sunnier :) 
Wow , I think I'm having an epiphany .... it's taking a while .... 
It's raining brand new < PROPMALE > supplies ! * blessed * 
THREEEEE MOOOOORE DAAAAAAYS !!! 
The Coyotes are out tonight .... I can hear them ... 
Well , the time has come ! So long everyone ! I'm off to Chicago ! Have a fantastic New Years ! No drunk driving ... unless you're on the east side ... cuz there's no cops on the east side ... HAHA ! \ 
SEE YOU ALL IN 2011 !!!! 
Thanx Chicago , for RUINING MY LIFE !!! \ 
;) 
uhg .... back to work and stuff .... 240 more days ..... it's taking too long ... 
Kareoke night with the grls ... good to be home :) 
Lost a THIRD pair of gloves and now my hands have no feeling in tem ... and for SOME reason my \H\ " button doesn't want to work ... " 
my weekend begins now .... 
As of today , I have officially gone one week without coffee ! 
wearing my Jesus shoes for the first time in many months ... feels good ... 
I keep having dreams about Burning Man ... 
I don't really remember last night ... I do know there was some cock gobblin nonsense ... 
OMGBURNINGMANTICKETSGOONSALETOMORROW !!!! 
I lugged my laptop all the way to work today so that on my lunch I could buy my Burning Man ticket , only to find out that even in cyber space there are ticket lines .... 24,600 people in front of me .... * sigh * 
WHOOOO ! FINALLY !!! 
wanted to go to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > today , but ONCE AGAIN cannot find my phone !!! I think it's time to clean my room ... 
totally just watched Beauty and the Beast ... epically nostalgic ... 
still can't find my phone ... 
loosing my voice ... oh facebook , you're my only source of communication with the world ... 
I'm sick ... i'll be home on facebook all day if anyone needs me ... 
anyone know how to fix a flat bike tire ? 
omg ! Hot almond chocolate milk is amazing ! if only i had some marshmellows ... 
Hey Bishop , I made my own penis-showing game ... 
I have a phone again ! everyone send me your < PROPFIRST > .... AGAIN ! 
The aliens want Indonesia's rice ! 
Starting next week , I am gonna have SO much time on my hands I won't know what to do with myself ... Parties , shows , shinanagins , anybody ? and I WILL actually be able to go this time ! 
i've decided that I have bronchitis ... i've been coughing for over a week now , and it hasn't gotten much better .... 
It's ONLY TUESDAY .... this week is taking far too long ... 
So I finally aquired a phone , and now I can't find the charger .... I think I need to resort to good old fashion snail mail ... 
