Came back to Arizona yesterday * sigh * I miss my friends and Spokane !!! D: Now I have to wait FIVE MONTHS !!! D: But hey maybe I'll be stunning when I come back lol . and I get the Sims 3 ! 

If you're hapy and ya know it clap your hands ! Aha . Oh < PROPFEMALE>'s party . 
If I am going to be criticized for things that aren't obvious to everyone this site is pointless , I came to stay in touch with my friends , especially since I have a 98% < PROPMALE > of moving REALLY soon . To all my friends who took the AP tests , good job . I cou 
PLEASE READ !!! ALL MY FRIENDS THIS IS IMPORTANT !!! It is official , I am moving to Arizona . Seriously . I'll have a party ... but I'll miss all of you guys ( no matter how irritating you can be sometimes ! ) So comment if you want or call me . I'll be going in a 
I KIDNAP ( P ? ) ALL MY FRIENDS !!! MUWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!! and I'l take you all to Australia !!! <3 
OKAY PPL WHEN SHOULD I HAVE MY GOING AWAY PARTY ? I might not be here for by the time school starts ... so when should that happen ? xD 
I think I am being watched while sleeping .... 0-0 
I am seeing < PROPMALE > Potter .... AGAIN rofl It is a good movie . A Great movie :3 and that's all I can think of at the moment ... 
Has a very weird brother who wants to put a single pickle in a jar , put googley eyes on it and name it Jebadiah . And you all thought I was weird !!! Lol 
I like the quizzes and the random stuff on here ! :D 
Okay it is official , DEELEE < PROPMALE > IS MOVING TO AZ ! D: I'll miss everyone . But I WILL be here for at least two weeks of school . If anyone has anything to say to me say it soon xD 
I wish I looked a bit more mature D < it's only good to look younger when your older ! I could pass for 15 ... that's 3 years younger ! Lol 
I am trying to find a red headband with a red bow ! :3 Cause I wore something close to that on the fourth of july and felt really cute !! ( for once xD ) . DOES NAYONE KNOW WHERE I CAN GET THAT KIND OF HEADBAND !?!?! 
I won't be here for this last school year , but maybe I'll come for Prom ! xD who knows . 
Is really good at making delicious treats like brownies and banana bread . The bread has chocolate chips ;d 
Wore actual make-up today . I promised a friend that she could literally doll me up . Believe me , I look totally different ! I'll put up the pics tommorow lol . In the pictures I look like a dark aristocrat . : 0 
Dosent know what to do tommorow :( and wants to make the most delicous brownies in the world ... then get dressed up and take more pictures . ( I think that even though I don't need it and hate to wear it , I look pretty good in make-up rofl ) . GOOD NIGHT WORLD !!! 
Just got new glasses ! :D it's about time ! D < now I will be sexy with these ... that and I will be wearing my contacts A LOT more . :3 
Is tired out ! Man , what a busy day ! I've been up since 8:30 and just came home ! ( although the last few hours were the best hours of the day , yay for < PROPFEMALE > and the Wii :3 ) . I got a new bed , dresser , and two nightstand things , plus my mom got a new Honda Fit ! ( The one that can fit a llama inside ;3 ) Its mostly my car though lol . And I moved TONS of HUGE furniture ! @-@ . Anyways it was a loooooong day ! 
What if I said I liked someone ... ya know to shake things up ? Lol just wondering how people would react :3 but actually I don't think I would ever admit to liking someone to my parents because they'd rub it in my face since I have been saying that I won't date anyone until college . 0-0 yeah it's random but I threw it out there cause I saw a lot of couples today . XD I mean really who would I date ? Lol I can't imaginexP 
I just threw my back out ! * cries * being as old as I am hurts sometimes ! Lol 
I will be taking my leave for good in six weeks . Wow . I've never met so many wonderful , awesome friends , nor have I had so many ! Thank you all !! Even though it's early :3 
Who thinks it's high time I get on the make-up train ? Lol well for one my mother D: 
is most likely gonna go to the Oregon coast tommorow ... maybe lol . And I bought a new pair of high heels ! Yay ! And other new clothes ... like black skinny jeans xD 
Is enjoying the coast ! Very very pretty !! 
< PROPFIRST > beaches are pretty and serene but gives you a killer workout if you walk as many < PROPMALE > as I did today @-@ 
Is back from the Oregon Coast !! :D and in a few days I will be taking a trip down to AZ for a whole week D: then after I come back we have just one last whole week of summer !!! D: 
just got back from eating with friends in band . Man I love those kids ! xD AND .... I got a REALLY bad sunburn on my back !!! D: 
Is wanting so badly to stay ! I have actually cried to sleep on several occasions . Even if I jokingly said that I have hated/ disliked some of you , I really love ya ! :D and good luck with the car wash band ! 
I really hate the weather AZ ... but I DO like the palm trees :3 
This is final . We got a house in Arizona , we are OFFICIALLY moving the second week of October . I am sorry 
Is back from that state , however guys ... I'll be leaving in a month an two weeks ... so about 7-8 weeks I will be gone . Haws I am so depressed ! Anyone know a good joke ? :( 
I WAS SO TOTALLY < PROPFEMALE > !!! why doesn't that quiz work ! D: < PROPFEMALE > is my favorite ! 
Feels tons lighter , like a weight has been lifted . Now if I can just rid of this headache and stop accidentaly biting her chhecks whenever I have gum ! Lol I REALLY want to sing silly songs right now !! Anyone else feel like that ? Lol 
I've seen 121 out of 270 movies :D 
Talked to Renner today , got the classes straightened out and made some cake :d it's red < PROPFEMALE > cake ! My favorite type ! Srly ! Lol I love to bake ... even though I < PROPFIRST > bake often , I am a good baker ! :D Yay school ! 
Alrighties , since I know that ppl are checking their classes . her are mine in order ... Citizenship , Aerobics , Women's Choir , Trig ( i am bad at math > > ) , Jewelry , and .... Pop Lit . There you go . Now if you share any classes please let me know ! <3 I have 1st lunch too :3 
Is seeing The Time Travelers Wife today ! :3 then baking more cookies in the shapes of giraffes and unicorns ! <3 
Ok I want everyone who sees this to either say A Or B ! :3 thanks ! I have a decision to make so please tell me ! 
This year is fun but also crappy . I say that because this year it seems that most people want to go to Homecoming with dates ... which is stupid , I would rather go with friends , or have all of us get dates and go . Not both , one OR the other . Dates or groups . > > I know I am being irrational here . 
Just found out that the only thing holding me back from that big dance is my mom . She thinks I need a date and that a dress would cost $200 or more ... * facepalm * 
Just got back from dress shopping ... and found nothing . But I DID find these totally amazing high heels ! And also made more giraffe and unicorns with BFF ... :D and I don't look too badvin a dress : 0 yeah ... oh and I am gonna see 9 tommorow ! Anyone can come ! I will post the time < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and I are going :3 
20 school days left .... geez ... 
I am hopefully gonna have my senior pictures done soon :3 and .... I am sorta tired of feeling tired and sad . :( 
Anyone wanna offer some good ideas to use in my senior pictures ? Any thing that you think needs to be in my picture ? lol like a < PROPFEMALE > or puppy ? xD I was thinking balloons or bubbles ! :D 
Why do things always have two sides ? I just want more than a few days of peace !!! xD 
Is happy and sad , but mostly feels loved . I really love everyone . I mean everyone too . I can't wait to come back ! ... but the issue now is ... who will be my Prom date ? xD WEll I still have awhile ! <3 THANKS SO MUCH EVERYONE !!!!! 
Sad Day !!! No one truly knows the meaning of my name !! LOL I wish that I could find it .... 
Just said good-bye to all of my friends at school ... but I have this lollipop so it is a little better ! :3 I am alright for now ! 
I am moving tomorrow instead of Tuesday . D: I will miss you all , but that what Facebook is for ! <3 I love you all !!!! I cannot wait to see you again May 22 ! 
-_- SO I AM TIRED .... but St. < PROPFIRST > is very pretty ! I am on the boarder of Utah and < PROPFEMALE > . Personally I love Utah ! :D 
Bored . Really really Bored -_- Guys ... I miss you all SO much . School is way too long and uninteresting . I want to go back there ... or at least find stuff to do around here :/ 
DUDE !!! I am looking for my sister ... I think she might be on Facebook ! but I dunno her name is < PROPFEMALE > Smith . I have not seen or talked to her in 14 years ... D: but I think I found her ... 
Is finishing ... or TRYing to finish her government project which forces her to create a political party with candidates , fundraisers , supporting platforms and more ... due Friday -_- Its called the Llama Party ! :D 
I had a pretty good Christmas ... however it was like , 70 here -_- I AM GOING BACK TO SPOKANE IN TWO DAYS !!! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE !!!! <3 
New Semester ... D : 
I don't really like school :( They don't have any exclusive senior stuff only prom D: NO SENIOR ALL NIGHTER !?!?! 
75 degrees today ... so that means by March I'll be swimming in my pool :D but then its sort of weird .... 
65 mph winds and 5 inches of rain expected . Overall I am in a down mood >.> 
Well I've heard there was a secret chordDavid played and it pleased the LordBut you don't really care for music , do ya ? Well it goes like this : The fourth , the fifth , the minor fall and the < PROPMALE > liftThe baffled < PROPMALE > composing Hallelujah I want to play this on the piano ! :o 
Mangos are really good ! 
What would you do if you were the opposite sex ? Well I think that is an intersting question ! I might be a \gansta\ " for a day . " 
Its chocolate day ! :D 
Finding a job is tiring -__- 
I was called annoying ... am I D: NO I AM NOT ! >:D 
I think i have a fever ... or maybe because it is like .... 85 degrees here @-@ I need to cool off !!!! D: 
Is enjoying Spring break :3 And I have my friend from < PROPMALE > here ! YAY FOR < PROPFEMALE > !! :D Oh and I got my prom dress ;3 
GET READY PEOPLE I AM SO GOING TO SPOKANE ! : ' D and it is extremely boring here D: 
So at around 3 pm today there was a 7.6 or some earthquake in SanDiego and I felt the shaking here ... :o 
is drawing on her tablet : ' D so cool except shading is hard D: 
Last day of High School is May 28 for me ! muwahahahah ! 
ugh .... 90 degree weather - _- 
just jumped in the pool : ' D for 10 bucks ! 
is eating homemade chocolate chip cookies ! And tomorrow I make my brownies :D 
betcha can't guess what I got in < PROPFEMALE > pocket ! :D lol 
Get ready for me Spokane ! ; ' D 
I DON'T WANT TO BE HERE !!! D: -cries for real- 
sooooooo yeah ... 8 days of school left for me :3 
MY BIRTHDAY IS IN .... 8 DAYS ! : ' D 19 baby ! 
Last day of school ... whoa ... 
< PROPFEMALE > BIRTHDAY YO ! 
I GOT A COMPUTER FOR MY BIRTHDAY !! : ' D and an iTunes card .... and some money for graduation xD 
I GRADUATE TOMORROW !.... D : WITHOUT ALL OF YOU ! -sobs- now no one will be able to see my trip up the stairs and make a fool of myself on stage ! Someone give me a hug ? xD 
Well , graduation was ... fun (?) but no one cheered for me .... parents don't count . LOL but I will be cheering you guys on when you all graduate ! <3 
Is in Colorado . : ' D I love the mountains and all the cool things to do <3 
Is sad for you all graduation , yet happy because you all are amazing <3 
Is likeing the Colorado weather .... and is going to see the < PROPFEMALE > Bride at the Red Rocks Ampithreather . OH AND GO SEE A-TEAM ! BEST MOVIE EVER ! 
IT IS ONE HUNDRED AND ELEVEN HERE PEOPLE . Stupid Arizona ... and I might be moving again D: 
Has Requium for a Tower stuck in my head ..... @ @ TO EPIC ! 
Ugh ..... nothing to do .... maybe I will draw .... or sleep ... sleeping sounds nice xD 
Making a plushie is a lot harder than it looks D: But listening to music helps :3 Any song suggestions people ? 
I think that my lack of friends in this state is starting to make me crazy .... er xD 
Going to < PROPMALE > & Busters today ! : ' D It is an arcade , but for Teens and Adults ! No annoying little kids running everywhere . 
Why does it rain , rain , rain down on Utopia ? \ 
\ 
Why does it have to kill the ideal of who we are ? \ 
And when the lights die down , telling us who we are ? \ 
Utopia by Within Temptation with < PROPFIRST > Jones LOVE this song ! o3o 
Still trying to sort out school stuff D: Man I hate community College . I can't wait to go to the University in 2 years xD AND I am moving ... again but to Colorado ! So if any of ya like that state and visit tell me xD 
Okay , anime nerd time .. Romeo x < PROPFEMALE > is so amazing in animation ! D: and sad . 
It was 87 degrees here last night ! ;3 ; I haven't experienced that type of coolness since April ! THANK YOU HEAVENS ! Oh gawd , how one misses the clouds and rain . lol 
u-u had to go to the hospital yesterday for potential appendicitis . Good thing is that I don't have it ... but I am still at a risk . Instead I found out that I am sick , though its not serious ~ 
Still sick . > > it is like this . Every time I eat I get full . Then about and hour later I feel like I am gonna hurl . And I am sick of drinking water . BUT last day of medication ! o3o I blame the hot weather . l 
IF ANYONE WANTS ME TO DRAW THEM LIKE MY PROFILE PIC IS DRAWN .... ASK LOL\ 
o3o I love drawing 
I am lucky .... and then not . My college is just a couple < PROPMALE > away . ;~; So I get to stay home which is good .... but then I get to STAY HOME ... which is also bad D: 
OKAY . In my English community class ( which is three hours of English ! 8D ) We played three rounds of limbo xD It was cool :3 though bending hurts cause of yesterday's car accident episode LOL 
Found another person with the same name ! So cool . Her name is spelled DeeLee though , so it is a little different . Anyways I think it's awesome plus of all the photography I have seen of hers , they all amaze me ! 
Finally Friday -3- 
I think .... I love Moonlight Sonata ... so beautiful ~ <3 
WE GOT A NEW CAR .... er .... I think it counts as a car LOL It is a 2010 Nissan Rogue ( Palin : We're going rogue Me : .... -pushes her down a well-) and it is RED ! UHN ! 
I have some psychological damage now ... I am afraid of brake lights .... what kind of phobia would that be called ? LOL 
I made a Skype ~ deelee . jackson add !! : ' D 
I have a love/hate relationship with buffet restaurants ... I ALWAYS overeat and feel sick after all that ... glorious food . -__- annnnd now I feel sick 
Who else is tired ? -3- There isn't anything interesting happening ! lol I wish something cool would happen ! 
... If I poked you ... it means I like you ! : ' D LOL YOU ARE ALL SUCH GOOD FRIENDS ;~; 
... I LOVE PUMPKIN FOODS ! 8D 
I loved Vampires Suck . xD so funny 
... my parents would rather get me clothes for Christmas than let me go up to Spokane . Pay 150$ for clothes OR pay 150$ to change a plane ticket so I can see you all . This doesn't make sense and I want to cry . ;~; 
there is a 7 yr old kid with an IQ of 176 ... o-o he is smarter than 99.999% of the world population . With the average IQ being 136 that is amazing . Does anyone know there legit IQ ? Mine ( yes I was tested xD ) is 155 , FIVE POINTS from being certifiably genius xD Surprised ? I am really ... REALLY good at solving puzzles ... mazes , and navigation ~ WHAT ARE YOU GUYS REALLY GOOD AT ? 8D WHAT IS YOUR IQ ?!?! 
I want to go to the Spokane Fair D: 
I really want to play my < PROPFEMALE > again D: ... and if I do start playing again I can make peoples ears bleed with the horrible sound ! 8D 
Who is going to be in Spo this winter break ? 8D because I can prolly go up and see all of you silly rascals ~ SO WHO IS GONNA BE THERE ? I CAN TOTALLY SEE YOU GUYS ... that is if you want to see me xD 
Mine is on the dining room table always 
It is finally feeling a little cooler here ... GO 80-90 degree weather ! 8D 
Why does this site demand so much attention ? Its okay for a bit , but then you always recive random invites and creeper friends requests . Plus logging on is addictive because there is too much to look at . @ @ 
It amazes me when I get friend requests from people I haven't had contact with for 5 -- 7 years . o: 
The people who changed my life and taught me the most are ( in order ): < PROPFIRST > ( first best friend ever . CO ) , < PROPFEMALE > ( after < PROPFIRST > moved away , she died though : c CO ) , Shaneay ( WY ) , < PROPFIRST > [ Ashe ] ( moved away CO ) , < PROPFEMALE > ( red-head G CO ) , < PROPFEMALE > [ KiyoPiko ] ( brunette G WA ) . If I didn't mention you its not that I don't love you , its that you helped along with whoever you know on this list ! <33 Love you guys so much !! ~ 
Je veux < PROPFEMALE > portique pour apparaître dans mes maths classe . Ou au moins apprendre quelque chose nouveau dans l'<PROPFEMALE>iversité ! 
is making Chicken Pot Pie , yo 
Mr. Potter ... 
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts , There they are a standing in a row ~ Big ones , small ones , some as big as your head . Give ' em a twist a flick of the wrist . That's what the showman said ~ 
I wish I had fun stuff to do . I got more books at the library ... reading is ... fun , most of the time . lol -sigh- 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! I am so thankful to have so many wonderful friends ~ 
HOMEMADE PIZZA TIME ~ ;D those who have had our homemade pizza are the lucky ones ! 
how many people would honesty notice if I deleted my FB account ? srsly ? 
On the 12th day of Christmas my true love sent to me ~ 12 drummers drumming , 11 pipers piping , 10 lords a-leaping , 9 ladies dancing , 8 maids a-milking , 7 swans a-swimming , 6 geese a laying , 5 < PROPFEMALE > RINGS , 4 calling birds , 3 french hens , 2 turtle doves , and a partridge in a pear tree ~ YAY CHRISTMAS EVE .... I want to go ice skating D: 
Got a 3.4 : c stupid history paper ... made me get a B . At least I won't cost my parents extra money on car insurance this year . 
Most boring Christmas ever . :/ Geez I have never had a Christmas be so ... un-Christmas-y . Well I still wish everyone well . :3 
I had so much fun ! <3 merci Piko-chan ~ I am inspired to be an even better person ! But upon being home I have already gotten yelled at TT^TT What did I do ? D: I dun like being home very much , plus there is nothing to do ... 
Hnnnn I need to find something to occupy my time . Something fun that can keep me outta thinking about how pathetic I feel . Uhm ... maybe I could start trying to draw again ? I dunno ;~; 
... I < PROPFIRST > . I actually < PROPFIRST > something decent after waiting and getting frustrated for 4 months . What is this nonsense ? Did my skill go on a 4 month break ? xD Well , it still looks crappy , but hey , its a picture ! LOL 
Do what is right ; be faithful and fearless ; Onward press onward , the goal is in sight . Eyes that are wet now ere long to be tearless , Blessings await you in doing whats right . I like this song o3o <3 
Soooo I was withdrawn from my photo class by my teacher . why ? I have no idea , I was feel horrible last Thursday so I didn't go to class . What made him drop me ? : C but I am not taking that class anymore ... just 4 classes for me 
... so much ... colouring ! @ @ and I still hate the new FB ads . So freakin ' annoying > : c 
