Im in < PROPMALE > safe and sound and feeling refreshed for the first time in years . Finally a new start !!! 

Tired of haters always tryin to think about themselves before me . Get your shit right then you can come tell me my life is fucked up ... k thanks bye 
Feeling like im ready to take on some < PROPMALE > shit ..... and im gonna so watch out world ! 
Enjoying the rainy day and chillaxin with the boys . A few beers and some online warhawk always makes the day perfect !! 
Had a great time hangin with sexy Lexi and baby < PROPFEMALE > !!! Chillaxin on the couch for the rest of the evening and cant wait to throw my arms around my baybuh ! 
Another relaxing day with my brat pack . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and my Baybuh and I are all hawkin it up !!! Its the good life ! 
My baby had to work today so im chillin with the rest of the brat pack . Playin warhawk as usual and kickin some ass ! 
Craving some sushi and white rice ...... sigh ..... another rainy day in the country and no one to talk to . 
Feeling the effects of crabby PMS syndrome lol . I need a beer or seven . 
A little stressed but working through all the drama of the 8th . School is good but its hard to focus when you've been uprooted a bit . 
Alright so i finally got onto a regular computer to update this thing !!! Halloween Ruled !!!! Check out my super creepy zombie pics !!! 
Chillin with my boys today and kinda dreading going to school tomorrow 
Chillin at Cjs moms . Were putting up the christmas tree and doing a pre-Thanksgiving since we'll be in the H-Town thursday !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!!! I feel peaceful on christmas for the first time in a long time ! 
Chillin with my babies family for his birthday dinner !!! Margaritas and mexican food wooooohooooo !!!! 
This ear pressure is driving me crazy !!!!!!! Ive tried everything ... ~ pout ~ 
Im cutting my hair !!!!!!! Oh my god i hate it 
Chillin just finished renewing my FAFSA , fun fun !!! 
I found some awesome guided meditations on youtube .... im totally stoked cause i need some damn crazy relief !!!!!! 
Sitting around being bored and kinda not looking forward to school today . I hate when we start a new CHP and < PROPFEMALE > just talks and talks . 
Does anyone have some kinda pills to make all pain physical and emotional go away ? Cause i could really really use some right now . 
Getting ready for meditation ..... ahhhhhh peace for once . 
Woke up at noon went to bed at 4 am ...... shew goodness . Taking a shower then meditation then short workout . Im feeling much better . 
Cookin dinner and rearranging my pics lol fun fun 
Just kind of hangin out today before going back to school . Today will suck of course because we have theory on the perm chapter and i totally dont feel like doing perms MMMKAY lol 
ready for school early ... blah blah its so much easier to do my hair since i chopped it lol 
Lovin that my baby has a facebook now !!! Its so stinkin CUTE ! 
Another day another haircut . I think i need to refresh my haircolor today lol Im lovin school !!!! 
Totally chill today !!! Feelin great after a nice night with my boys they partied and i laughed harder than i have in years ! 
Whatcha doin nothin chillin at holiday innnnn .... lol yea thats pretty much me right now . 
Same ole thing lol Cj and i are forcing granny to shop at aldis today so we dont have to starve anymore !!! This should be interesting . 
Sitting home alone because the boys feel it necessary to act like wilderness adventurers . I hope they get attacked by small woodland creatures . 
Trying to put together a little vid thing for youtube of me singing . Its prooving harder than expected but ill let everyone know when its posted and stuff 
No comp = no updating my facebook . And another week of it . Sad 
Workout went well did 100 bowflex crunches at 20 lbs and did 15 minutes cardio . Feeling pretty good and happy to have the laptop back !! Cant wait to see my girls at school ! 
woke up early to feeling like my piercing was going to rip out so i bit the bullet and changed it to the 14 gauge with the bigger ball sigh hopefully < PROPFIRST > might have a smaller ball for it , but it feels better . 
so i went to go to my interview today and the person responsible for giving me an interview never showed lol . I waited an hour and a half !!!! 
workout was good but my legs feel like jelly lol 200 crunches one sitting now !! Feeling strong 
heading to aldis today .... had a good time chillin with < PROPFEMALE > last night . Felt like an old foggy though going to bed at like 10:30 lol im lame 
another day of the same ole same ole . Still need to do my crunches . Ive been moving the basement around so that i could have my own space . Fun Fun 
Just another day in paradise ... lol 
Holy cow i havent been on in a couple days . Still workin out and im up to 400 crunches at 35 lbs ..... ima be one sexy beast of a thing i tell ya !!! 
Worked out today and that felt awesome . < PROPMALE > out with one of my favorite people(jason ) and we all just chilled it was nice . 
Snow snow go away i wanna see a spring time day !!!!! 
Painting the workout room floor back to a normal color . It was pink for a week lol until we got some white basement paint lmao 
i need someone to come < PROPFEMALE > out with me i wanna go to < PROPFEMALE>'s and get some hair extensions maybe 
Chillin today tried to do homework but i just dont care right now .... Sorry < PROPFEMALE > your homework SUCKS BUTT !!!!!! 
I finally got my stupid homework done ... even though i totally wrote stupid stuff in my workbook like i hope my heart doesnt fail . ~ shakes head ~ yes i went there 
Im tired of everyone right now you can all seriously kiss my fat white ass , NO REALLY ........ go fuck yourself . 
I feel calmed finally . Im so glad i found someone to make me smile for once . 
Feeling amazing now !!!! Jesus CHRIST I feel wonderful !!! 
Cant wait till school 
Feeling like a peice of shit . I pissed off my friends and im sorry . I feel like the biggest ass in the whole world . 
Ive finally made the biggest move of my life . I cant even believe how its turned out so far . 
Getting the apartment new hopefully on Monday . Ive never been happier in my life . 
Back where i should have been all along . I dont know what the hell was wrong with me . 
Woke up to the sound of birds chirping and the damn phone ringing lol what a glorious thing . 
Feeling so loved !!! Im back in my babies arms to stay forever ...... and ever . 
Another great morning in my loves arms . Pancakes and coffee followed an early morning wake up . 
Good morning < PROPFEMALE > as usual its a beautiful day with my baby by my side . Im so grateful and blessed !!!!! 
Woke up to a little rain but that wont break my spirit . Im in this for the long haul no matter what others might say . Hold my hand baby , were in for a bumpy ride . 
Someone save me from insanity would ya . Anyone doing anything today i am sooooo bored . 
Going out with the Libster im totally stoked !!!! 
Took a nap and cooked dinner thats the extent of the excitement of my life lol . Lovin my baby 
Woke up in my loves arms . It surprises me sometimes how much you can love someone . Im not excited about the test at school today though . 
Going into school early to study hopefully something sticks 
The test went pretty well i got a 100% on the test portion and an 89 on the diagrams thats right biiiiitches !!!!!! 
YAY its tuesday no more perm wraps !!!! 
So excited right now . Im havin tacos with < PROPFEMALE > then off to school in our cute green outfits and after ..... gettin crunk at church street !!! 
Have fun and be safe on this most wonderful drunken night . 
Had to go to the hospital everything is ok now but i was told i have diabetes now . I have to see both my obgy AND a regular dr. Fun fun 
Todays the first day of spring .... woooohooooo 
< PROPFEMALE > gave me beautiful highlights !!!!!!! ~ squuueeeeeee ~ 
Wanted to sleep in but that didnt work . Im such an old lady .... lol i go to bed at like 9 lol 
Taking a break from watching ponyo to eat some homemade pancakes !!! 
So ponyo was totally cute !!!! 
Not ready for school today but starting to feel a little better . 
Talked to a potential employer today and i get a trial week in april !!! Im so excited 
Another rainy day but that wont get me down . Especially now that i have Buspirone !!!! 
Check out my Youtube vid everyone . Im so excited i finally did it . 
Tonight at school was awesome . I got some nails now bitches !!! 
Lovin this awesome weather . Im totally flip floppin it today 
Went and got stuff for cj's easter basket lol i know im lame and corny . 
Another hospital visit for me yesterday morning . Its my gallbladder again of course ... im now on three more medications a day and i have two bruised ribs from throwing up . Am i ever going to feel better ? 
Is there really anything you can do for bruised ribs ? Im so uncomfortable right now . 
Was feeling better and now im just sick again . I hate people sometimes . 
Oh my goodness i miss my baybuh . 
Good morning everyone .... its gonna be a long day . 
I hope it rains today so my baby comes home . 
I just woke up from a 5 hour nap ..... sweet jesus that felt nice . 
Feeling better ... i started working out again thank god ... i think that ive gained like 10 lbs since i got sick . 
If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to take care of you and would do anything for you , then repost this as your status to give the good men out there the recognition that they deserve . Because great men are few and far between , and I have one of them !? ? I love you so much Cj Pauley . You are forever my soul mate . 
Today has been a cleaning day from hell . 
So excited to meet < PROPFIRST>'s new girly and to see my baybuh !!! Lexi and < PROPMALE > are coming over and were all gonna < PROPFEMALE > out 
Good morning the sun is shining and im making a huge breakfast !!! 
Im posting another song on youtube !!! Ill post it on here in just a moment !!! 
Everyone go check out my new vid on youtube . 
Well today is one of the biggest days of my life and hopefully it goes well . 
Another low quality singing video is on the way ... lol 
I love my baybuh with all my heart and soul . I dont know what i would do without him . Hes my everything and more ! 
Ugh i feel like poop on a stick . I took a nap to try and feel better and now i just feel sleepy . 
Check out my new song on youtube 
Cant wait for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday party tonight and i cant wait till my baby is home . I always miss him so much !!! 
Good morning everyone ... i totally had a great time at the party last night and no hospital visit followed so im really happy lol . 
Woke up from a wonderful sleep and now im watchin spngebob woooohoooo !!!! 
Good morning everyone my baby is sick today . 
Im so happy to have cj pauley in my life . I cant possibly put into words how much i love him and need him in my life . He was so sweet yesterday was our 11 month anniversarry and he got me roses !!! 
Just woke up .... my cj was sick again poor baby . I just dont know whats wrong . 
Not feeling good ... neither is my baby i think well stay home today and try to feel better 
Glad i went to school tonight .... thanks < PROPFEMALE > for urging me to go !!!! Love you !! 
Good afternoon everyone .... i had a great sleep last night and im feeling energized . 
Thank god im home with my baby . All i wanted to do today was spend time with him . Love you BAYBUUUUUUUUUUUH !!!!!!! 
Good afternoon everyone .... slept great and im gonna have a boring ass day in front of me . 
I just got a baby guinea pig for my upcoming birthday shes alll white and long haired !!! So freakin cute !!!!!! 
late for school lol cj primps like a girl 
Just woke up at 11 cj doesnt work today cause its too wet so i get to spend time with him !!!! 
Good morning everyone heres hoping i have a good day . 
Hospital again . Yea i have hypertension stage one and diabetes stage 2 and im going soon to find out if i have endometriosis . Im only 26 and im literally killing myself . Wonderful . 
feelin rough again but im going to school anyway .... probly doin pedicures again 
Holy shit you guys .... in my entire life i have never met my father < PROPFIRST > Burch and tonight he messaged me on here . I feel so strange now !!!!! 
Talked to my real father today .... absolutely blew my mind !!! Havin a day with lexi and my baby Maddi ... i love that she calls me TeeTee 
Had a date day with cj today and it was really fun . We went to see the new < PROPMALE > movie and it was good !! 
Woke up this morning to a great wind ! I love when its < PROPFEMALE > it makes me feel alive . 
Went fishing with cj and < PROPFIRST > . I caught three fish all by myself !!!! What a great day ! 
Woke up and rearranged the furniture this morning . Fun fun .... im a little nervous about cutting peoples hair tonight . 
Good morning facebook world ... im feeling a little like shioooot today ! 
Dying my hair dark brownish black again ....... so tired of worrying about the color 
Came home to no one being here .... i miss my baby whered he go ? 
Slept till 1 today .... jesus can my body really be that tired ? 
So pissed that they havent scheduled my surgeries yet ..... what the hell are they doing over there jesus christ ! 
So excited about being able to graduate next may .... that means marriage in october of next year hopefully . Were starting to plan and im so totally in love and so excited !!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > and i had a good time painting and massaging old peoples hands lol it was actually pretty fun !!! 
Wishes she had something to do .... or someone to do it with .... bored call if you want . 
Good morning < PROPFEMALE > im on hold for a guy named < PROPFIRST > to talk to him about adopting my big girl guinea pig she is so aggressive . 
Its my birthday tomorrow so yea !!!! 
YAY ITS MAH MUH BIRFDAAAAAAAY !!!!! Lol oh and happy mothers day to all the wonderful mommys on here !!! 
Woke up at 12 today .... felt so good to lay in bed with my baby !!!! 
Getting ready for class ..... everyone should check out my two links for my wedding dress and ring !! 
Google Blue waffle .... youll thank me later !!!! 
I hope we do nails today cause i missed tuesday lol ..... my one year anniversary is coming up on the 19th .... yay !!! 
Spent time with my girls today !!!! Im watching maddi tonight . 
Having a run around day with my baybuh !!!! 
Up early .... missin my baby because hes at work but its supposed to rain so maybe hell be home soon . Going to see my girls in a bit . 
Up early and going to splash zone with maddi and lexi .... i finally got a real swimsuit and it is sooooo cute 
Not doing well right now .... thinking about going to the Nord center . 
Trying to feel better ..... its gonna take some time to heal 
Hasnt posted anything on here in a while ... sorry world . Im doing the best i can right now but its rough . 
Oh facebook .... i just havent been feeling you lately . Were drifting apart and i dont like it . 
Just another day with the most amazing man ive ever been with . I literally cannot imagine a life without him in it and every day my love for him grows . I never truely believed in true love and soul mates till i met Cj 
good morning starshine the earth says helloooooooo lol 
Hasnt been on in a while i dunno whats wrong with me but ive been steadily weening myself from the world . I feel like a recluse . 
Im starting to feel like myself again . 
.... yea apparently my body said fuck you today . Thanks ya lump of SHIT .... God bless it !!!!! 
I started taking insulin which is weird but im getting used to it back to school tomorrow im trying to take it easy . 
Feeling tired today , but ill make it through 
R.I.P. Touchdown jesus .... well always keep you in our hearts !! LMFAO Chyea right Good riddance to that peice o shit statue !!! 
Just chillin like always one more week till summer vaca and im soooo excited !!! 
Thanks so much for all the support ive had recently .... it really means a lot to me . And those of you who hate on me for whatever reason can kiss my fucking ass . 
Feelin like myself again Happy fathers day to my Daddy !!!!! LOVE YOU !!!!! 
Excited to be feeling better and cant wait for class . 
Depressed whats fucking new ... 
Trying to work through my everyday life is difficult right now .... i need all the support i can get ! 
Feeling a little under the weather today .... 
Were having our anual 4th of july party on saturday july 3rd i sent out invites so send me a message if youll be attending .... its bring you own beer or beverage and chairs or blankets to sit on ... theres gonna be a huge fire and 2000 dollars worth of fireworks shot off so its gonna be the party to beat all parties !!!!! 
Ok so only 2 days till the party extravaganza so i need to know if people are coming !!!!!! 
Well the party on saturday was really fun but the mosquito bites not so much ... i had nearly 80 total on my lower legs and i had a reaction and felt like shit my legs are finally healing up but the itch is intense . 
Cj and i went to go see my family and had an awesome time . We also went to Kings Island and had a BLAST !!!! I hadnt riden a roller coaster in 7 years !!! 
As many of you have found out im taking two weeks of leave from school . Pray for me please . This is a rough time for me . 
Trying very hard to stay calm and do what i have to . I could really use a happy pill to fix everything . 
Its snap back to reality today ... back to school at 4:30 hopefully i hold up and have a good day 
Chillin and trying to get my head ready for class tonight . I miss my nails but there was mold under two of them so they had to come off . 
Glad i at least made through a couple days of school i think i can do this . Just have to try and stay positive . 
Hopefully the car is going to be fixed today .... school tonight . 
<------ Hates Migraines , but i guess it goes with the territory . 
Loves that its raining finally but i wish i could stay home and watch it instead of going to boring school lol 
I just gave my guinea pigs a bath and a trim .... how fun lol 
<---- toning my hair and then getting ready for school thank god its thursday !!! 
Im feelin pretty sad cause my sisters dog had to be put down yesterday . I cried a little after getting the news . Just so sad !!!! 
Damn today has been a busy day for getting shit done .... im so proud of myself . Made three apts and im doin me so im really happy right now . 
Good afternoon FB ... today is going to be a boring ass day ! 
Just so everyone knows were having a bonfire today at my house 15120 Quarry rd . If you want to attend shoot me a text at 440-574-1944 that means you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and any other girls from class that feel like showing up lol . Get your butts over here ! 
Well today has been a big boring-fest for sure .... back to school tomorrow . Oh how i hate it anymore . I wish we had some more clients or something . 
Monday monday !! Wow i cant believe the weekend is over already ...... sigh 
Well good morning america .... i had some crazy dreams last night including a small segment where i decided to start chewing my incredibly nasty tasting pills with vanilla pudding lol what the hell . 
Apt with psych today at 1 pm yay !!!! New meds are sooooooooooooooooo fun ! 
Sitting at the dr office been here for an hour and a half 
Finally home now i mean jesus does it really take that long to get shit done in a drs office lol 
So excited that < PROPFEMALE > and trav trav and the rest of the family are coming down . Were going to cedar point tomorrow !!!!!! 
Dear FB im totally going to cedar point tomorrow and im STOKED !!!!!! 
Cedar point was so awesome even though i sprained my ankle somehow by the end of the day and had to ride in a wheelchair for the last 2 hours of the night lol . 
Good morning facebook .... im finally feeling a little better today . 
Soooooo bored right now i just seriously want to sleep my life away . Wouldnt that be awesome . 
watched my cousin < PROPMALE > at the big blue high school football game .... im so proud of him !!! Go < PROPMALE > go !!!! 
Taking some much needed time to be with my family . Hopefully i can figure out what to do about class . 
So excited about my new shnauzer !!! She is so precious ... i just posted pics so check it out 
got the puppy some new outfits and a new leash and bed she looks really cute 
Still in hamilton having fun with the fam but i miss my baby ! 
Spending a few days with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > doing a hardcore sleepover at < PROPFEMALE > s house lol the kind where you bring your own pillows and everything you need to live with lol 
Coming back to the < PROPMALE > area tomorrow . Fun fun 
I go back on that statement about leaving tomorrow it wont be till sunday that i leave 
Im home now i slept all day yesterday . I miss cj so freakin much right now its just not right but at least i have my new dog whiskey for the long nights ahead . 
Another night without cj hell be home tomorrow and ill be more than happy !!! 
wow 
Good morning facebook .... my cj comes home today and im excited so very excited !!!! 
The puppy has finally found her favorite place ... the screened in porch that lets her feel the sun and wind from outside .... shes in love now ! 
Good morning facebook , just chillin on the couch with the dog who is laying upside down lol maybe well take a mid day nap today 
Hello facebook i havent posted in a minute so i guess ill update . Were having a bonfire tomorrow night if anyone is interested . < PROPFEMALE > that means you i havent seen you in forever it feels like . Anyway its tomorrow night at 9pm byob and hoodie . 
Come on now i hear your feeling down well i can ease your pain get you on your feet again relax ill need some information first just the basic facts can you show me where it hurts . 
BONFIRE TONIGHT !!!!! BYOB BITCHES !!!! 
Well well ....... i got you all figured out you need everyones eyes just to feel seen behind your makeup nobody knows who you really are who you think that you are !!! 
Good evening facebook ..... of course my lovely boyfriend decided to give me his cooties and now ive had this twice .... it feels like strep and i want to just curl up and die ! 
Good morning facebook\ 
Im feeling a little better today ! 
So make the best of this test and dont ask why .... its not a question but an answer learned in time . Its something unpredictable and in the end its right but i hope you had the time of your life ! 
Doing pretty good today other than the fact that my snauzer found some kind of nasty death mush to roll in and i had to bathe her for the 2nd time this week lol 
I thought i was feeling better but this morning i thought i was going to have to die lol it was awful and although its gotten a bit better as the day has gone by i know when i wake up tomorrow the stuffed nose and runny eyes and sore throat are still gonna be there :( 
Everyday im feeling a bit better ... just a couple more days and i should be alright again . 
changed my room around today .... looks super awesome and i got a GREAT workout ... FABULOOOOOOUS ! 
Im seriously contemplating deleting my facebook because of recent developments in my completely unstable family . I dont understand what in the hell is going on anymore , but im being told im ungrateful for not picking a side in this fiasco thats happening . Can you say RETARDED !!!! 
Im so done ............. 
Cleaned today and got some clothes together for goodwill and dusted my room . Ive been on a crazy cleaning fit lately . 
Found my favorite pair of heels today cleaning out the dresser ... ive only worn them twice in like 5 years but they are sexy !!! 
Hoping to go out with the crew tonight . I need to get the hell out of this house !!!! 
Its cold and i love it !!!! 
Good afternoon facebook its a beautiful rainy day 
I love when it rains ! 
Pretty day today !! Im totally excited to wear some leggings and boots . Yeah im rockin that sexy look . 
What's on your mind ? Letssee who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends list , because I wanted you there ! I'm not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who's on my friends list actuallypays attention . Copy and paste this as your status . 
Everytime i feel better give it two days and then im sick feeling again . What the hell ?! 
I think im gonna try to be snooki from jersey shore for halloween 
Its a beautiful day outside and im lovin it !! 
Say what you mean to say ........ bitches 
I have my DBT class today and im kind of dreading it . Mental health classes are always a little homeopathic in nature and they always make you OHM and close your eyes for like 5 minutes .... it hard for me cause i cant sit still ! 
Class went well today ... i learned a lot actually ! 
Well i just cant wait till tomorrow nights party and im sitting here so bored that i cant wait till the boys get done either .... uuuugh i hate being bored !! 
So excited about the party tonight . I got a jail costume so i can be snooki in jail lol hillarious 
headed to hamilton to visit hit me up 
Wow i wish i had the family i had before all the drama happened thats none of my business . Im getting tired of wasting my god damn time on stupid ass family that wants me to pick sides . 
Playin < PROPFEMALE > wind waker .... cant figure some of it out ! 
Ok time for a break from zelda ... on to some online stuffs . 
Bored as hell like usual but at least im home and feeling better . 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!!! 
Well i finally broke down and got a nightguard for my teeth . Im wearing it as much as possible because it places my jaws in the perfect resting position and i have to admit it feels more awesome than i could have even imagined .... other than the slight gaggy feeling im getting from all the spit lol 
Same Shit different day 
So what did i do on this boring sunday ... watched the browns , drank some beer , put up the christmas tree at the in-laws house and oh yea shot my first gun ... a beautiful 22 !!! I looked so sexy in my dress and leggings and boots lol !!!! 
I see how it is i do something exciting for once and nobody says anything about it !?!?!?!?! 
Text me today im bored !!!!!!!!! 
Well i feel like complete and utter shit today so yea !! 
My jaw is killing me and ive had a massive headache all day long ... i think im fighting something off . 
Its 4 am and i cant sleep .... whats wrong with this picture ? 
I wonder why i even try anymore . I just dont think i can give a damn for one more fucking day ! 
Trying to feel a little more calm today but its hard to do . 
I fuckin give up honestly i cant stand where im at anymore .... i cant stand my boyfriend i cant stand my life ..... whats there to even < PROPFEMALE > onto anymore .... NOTHING ... i ..... give ..... up 
liquor liquor liquor !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thats the secret code for women not the drink 
Im sending out christmas cards starting tomorrow so those of you who get one are blessed ! lol 
Christmas is coming and i cant help but think about all the wonderful memories ive shared with family in the past and its sad to say that our traditions have faded into nothing more but memory . How i wish we could all pull together as a family once again and honor those traditions once more , but because of pety biccering and argumentative nature our family will once again be split apart on a holiday . 
I cant help but wonder what your thinking ..... where are you ? Am i in your thoughts or am i just a novelty .... 
Im so over it .......... sigh ..... this whole damn holiday can go to hell !!!! And some of the people in my life can go with it . 
Diabetes cha cha cha diabetes cha cha cha !!!! 
Im really trying to get into the holiday spirit but the closer christmas gets the less enthused and the more irritated i get . Thinking about my stupid family members and how awful they are to their own mother just pisses me off royally . Lets take bets to guess on how many people actually go to see my great grandmother .... my bets on maybe 2 
Tell me what im supposed to do when i cant stop loving you when you know im too far away and even if i werent would it make a difference ...... im stuck here in the dark without any where to turn ... help me make it out 
I just deleted a bunch of people from my friends list .... im tired of stupid posers being on my < PROPFEMALE > soooo if your still here cool you made the cut !!!! 
Just wanted to wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
My hope for this year is that i make the decisions to better my life for once ..... that i realize how strong i really am inside and start leaning more on myself for things . Two goals i have 1 . get a part time job 2 . find out more about going to school to become a mental health councelor 
Im so done with having to walk on eggshells for some people .... well guess what its over and im done with you . I tried my damndest to make you happy and apparently im not good enough . Im tired of longing for the relationship we USED to have so im saying goodbye to it . 
Well i guess its a new year and a new begginning . Im single and now living back with my parents in hamilton due to some really fucked up stuff that happened . If you want details get at me but the happy part is im back in hamilton again . 
Ok so in all the craziness thats happened while moving back i forgot my phone so i need everyone that means EVERYONE to message me your < PROPFIRST > again .... thanks its much appreciated . 
I for some reason thought this would be easy .... but it cuts like a knife . I think i might need stitches . 
Well the outside is healing but my insides are still hurting pretty badly .... does anyone know of a way to make it stop ? 
Im hoping this week is a little easier than the weekend , but i feel like its getting worse not better ..... i really need a job to pull through soon !!! 
I guess im going out in the bitter ass cold to put in some more aps today with dad ..... not looking forward to this at all !! 
Its getting worse .... someone needs to save me before i do something stupid ! 
Ouuu boy im feelin you ... i say ouu yea you got me sprung lol Im just singing away !!! 
Soooo i had the most wonderful date yesterday .... we went to lunch watched black swan went to hustler lol and then i ended up going into anaphalactic shock on him and nearly died lol i had to chug childrens benadryl lmao !!! 
Ive been thinkin and thinkin and thinkin and it just hasnt seemed to stop since like 1:30 this morning .... why is it i miss you so much when you arent around lol ? 
Holy fuck i am SOOOOO god DAMN sick !!! i look pale and < PROPFEMALE > and i sound like death holy hell someone save me i need meds and fluids stat !!! 
Jesus it just never ends .... for one moment im happy and then someone comes a long and wrecks it again ..... why cant you just leave me alone ? Why am i always left to sit and wonder ? 
I gotta check into rehab cause baby youre my disease ...... 
Aint it crazy when your love swept youll do anything for the one you love .... LMAO this song is stuck in my head 
But darling id still catch a grenade for ya throw my hand on a blade for ya id jump in front of a train for ya ya know id do anything for ya i would go through all this pain take a bullet straight through my brain yes i would die for you baby but you wont do the same !!!! lol i love this song right now 
I just wanted to say that theres a certain guy in my life right now that im very thankful to .... he was a perfect gentleman yesterday when i really needed him and he even hit it off with my family !!! 
Today ill just sleep life away .... depression is setting in again ... no job as of yet and no prospects and im getting reaaaaaally frustrated ...... sigh ! 
Its a another lovely day in the neighborhood of 6-7 inches of snow .... jesus christ im tired of white death and the cold and the yuck so spring needs to hurry the hell up already !!!! 
The Ohms rocked the club last night and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and i had a ton of fun !!! 
I may not be the most beautiful or sexiest woman , nor do I have the perfect body . I may not be everybody's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I may not be proud of some things in my past , but I am proud of who I am today . So take me as I am , or watch me as I walk away . Post if you're proud of being you . Real women ROCK . ? 
Not everybody knows how to work my body knows how to make me want it but boy you stay up on it .... you got that something that keeps me so off balance .... baby youre a challenge so lets explore your talents yeah ! 
ok facebook is acting weird today as i posted before but it was somehow taken off screen i am now the proud owner of a set of BANGS !!! Little jaggedly ones that quite fit the structure of my face cutely !!! 
I had an awesome time with my guy last night as usual and i even slept with his hoodie on !!! Lol isnt that cheesy as hell ?????!!!! 
You got a fast car i want a ticket to anywhere maybe we can make a deal maybe together we can get somewhere .... anyplace is better starting from zero got nothing to lose Maybe we'll make something but me myself I got nothing to prove 
Another day another ........ dollar ? 
and if i only could make a deal with god and begin to swap our places .... be running up that road ..... be running up that hill .... be running up that building ... if i only could 
I ..... have become comfortably numb 
Oh well if i ever caused you trouble oh no i never meant to do you harm ....... 
I dunno if im ready for this but here goes ... full force and what nots !!!! 
Ok i give up ..... this day has officially sucked and im going to bed as soon as i eat . 
I love when people blame me for shit i didnt do lol seriously think before you speak !!! 
Just gave myself a haircut !!! I really needed something new ... 
wowzas i chopp < PROPMALE > all my hairs off its super short pixy cut for me !!! So excit < PROPMALE > 
FML im feeling very very depressed today i literally just want to crawl into a hole and die for no reason ...... 
I am sooooo thankful for my jammer < PROPFIRST > !!! He keeps me sane and helps me through anything that i might be going through ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > !! Smoiches !!!!! 
<----- has the flu or food poisoning .... somethin like that 
My baby whiskers had to go to the vet to get spayed today and i was pretty sad and worried but i called to check on her and shes awake and being cute and doing just fine ... im still sad i have to sleep without her tonight though :( 
My baby whiskers is back home now she looks so tired and you can tell shes hurting a bit but im so glad to have her home again !!!! 
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yea i totally started my own glee folder on youtube of my favorites .... cause im geh like that .... yup !! 
My baby is hurting so badly right now that everytime i pick her up to < PROPFEMALE > her somewhere she cries and then i cry .... everyone say a little prayer for my poor little whiskers ! 
Im watching LeMiserables on youtube and crying like a baby .... this musical is so beautiful its always touched my heart in a special way . 
i dreamed a dream ....... 
lol well as you can see from the new pics im back to blonde lol i change my hair more than i change my mind i swear 
One vodka cran .... two sour ammarettos .... two long islands .... jager bomb .... shot of jager .... dancing all night to awesome loud music = worst hangover ever !!!!! 
So open up your mind .... thats what im thinkin even if i really dont have a reason 
Happy Natzi Facist Hallmark Holiday Everyone !!!! 
Ya know i just wanted to get a little mushy and sappy right now sine its valentines day ... i want to thank all of my friends who have been in my life lately . Its because of you that im here and im alive and well . You guys have helped me through one of the more difficult moments of my life and im SOOOO thankful to all of you . I love you guys i really do !! 
Just wanna give a special shout out to my jammer james ... i chew chew you < PROPFEMALE > butt !!!!! <3 
And i know just which way the wind will blow \ 
and i know why you turn to the dark\ 
all these things that i do they come right back on you \ 
just you wait and its true 
we know where were going and we know where were from .. resistance ..... 
Yaaaaay i looked at whiskers belly today and her stitches had started to unravel sooo me and dad did a little delicate surgery and got them out .... her belly looks great !!!! 
i bruise easily so be gentle when you handle me theres a < PROPFIRST > you leave like a love heart carved on a tree i bruise easily cant scratch the surface without moving me underneath ......... i found your fingerprints on a glass of wine do you know your leaving them all over this heart of mine too .... but if i never take this leap of faith ill never know so im learning to fall with no safety net to cusion the blow ... 
Freaky friday family night with my < PROPFIRST > and his wonderful family ...... gonna be fun 
Dear friend .... \ 
can i just say first of all that i dont know for sure but im pretty certain of the situation . Why in the hell would you go back to her ? Her of all people whom you stated treated you like shit and cheated on you over and over again .... what the hell is wrong with you that you are so weak and desperate that you would run back to something that brings you pain . Youre a massichist ... plain and simple . 
Oh my god seriously .... is it complete and utter idiocy weekend or something ? WTF is wrong with people in this world . 
:( 
All i can say is ..... Meh 
ive been watching drag makeup tutorials all day and i reaaaaaaally want to try it sooooo bad !!!!! 
Ahahahaa yea say goodbye fucker im tired of your comments so you can go to hell 
i need some < PROPMALE > makeup like stat !!!! who wants to give me some money to get it lol 
LISTEN UP EVERYONE !!!!! If you have cj pauley on your friends list you seriously need to delete him post haste .... i hate him and you should too !!! SOOOOOO take him off your lists already !!! 
uuuuuuuuugh i am NOT feeling very well right now .... kinda wish i could curl up into a ball and die 
Guess who finally said to hell with fear and signed up for school ?!?!?!?! MEEEEEEEEEEE lol i got through my application process and my orientation starts march 14th !!!! Im so excited !!! 
<----------- bored .... but doesnt feel well 
i wish i could find a way to read books online without having a kindle ... thatd be great 
Goodnight world ..... ill see you again soon 
Ive got a lot on my mind and its not getting any easier ...... i wish jobs fell out of the sky like rain drops and tears didnt exist anymore because my pillow is tired of being damp every night . My head is heavy and i feel like i need a breath of fresh air somehow . 
Heaven has a beautiful new angel and shell be singing his praise all the days from here on !!! I love you granny i know youll be smiling down on me !!! 
Thank you so much for all the well wishes and sympathy this past week . It was greatly appreciated !!! Love you guys 
OMG So i know its a little delayed reaction but ive been totally and utterly sick for the past couple days but i finally watched tuesdays glee !!!! Holy crap !! I had to fan myself for a half hour just to make it through .... uuuuuugh 
I cant wait to get my hands on some damn < PROPMALE > makeup !!!! 
My sweets is headed to Italy tomorrow so im spending time with him today ..... i better call and wake his butt up !!! 
Orientation for classes started today .... soooo i have a new email address if anyone needs it or would like to save it . Its my new school addy and it is......jadedyasmine@email.phoenix.edu 
So another successful day of school orientation . I really love the setup and im honestly learning something new everyday about the way everything works . I think im gonna be soooo happy !!! 
Ummmm < PROPFIRST > Colfer is seriously one of the most adorable people ever !!!! 
Ummm everyone needs to watch some flashmob vids on youtube cause they are ..... TOTALLY AWESOME !!!! 
Yaaaaay ..... i completed my first week of school orientation with all assignments discussion questions and substantive posts FINISHED !!! 
Yea im sick what else is new ? I hate this time of year because as soon as it gets warm and then drops i get sick . 
Yaaaaaaaaaaay ... My dear is home and safe !!!! We have lots of pics to look through and tons of funny stories were told . 
ok its night nights time !!!! night everyone 
Lalalala yea its that kind of a day ... just plain ..... mundane lol 
lol ok im actually so anal retentive about schoolwork that i completed both my assignments for next week in orientation . All i have to do now is submit the assignments and do my discussion questions !!! Oh boy theres something wrong with me . 
Its a new day and Im totally not doing a thing till later . Family night tonight but im not sure if its going down or not sooooo i just dunno ! 
The Ohms play at Christies Beer Garden in < PROPMALE > tonight at 11pm ... come out and join us on the dance floor !!! 
I LOOOOVE thunderstorms im so glad im at home with all my windows open and some good music !! This is sooo relaxing ! 
I guess i could say my feelings are hurt ... but you'll never know .......... or care 
Yea im feelin salty .... god i just love being in this situation and frame of mind ( sarcasm ) You know i could do better for myself but right now im just going through the motions ... 
Im gonna go make some chinese fried rice !!! 
BLEHHHK i freakin hate Listerine antiseptic mouthwash ... its like a yellow color and its just plain offensive !!! Jesus christ my mouth is actually half numb half burning !!!!!! 
Night brings melatonin and rest for the wicked .... finally !!! 
Yea thats right ... im sitting here with a nonflavored gelatin and milk mixture on my face .... and it looks ............ like .......... umm boy juice . Just sayin ! 
Oh my god seriously i have GOT to stop reading autocorrect fails !!!!!!! Jesus H im laughing so hard i cant even catch my breath !!!!!!! 
Got no reason got no shame got no family i can claim just dont let me dissapear ...... im gonna give all my secrets away 
Hey facebook how bout ya fix < PROPFEMALE > chat stuff mmmmkay ?! Im tired of it saying im offline when im not and vice versa 
I wanted to say ..... dont you shiver .... coldplay ( parachutes ) 
So the three weeks of orientation is coming to a close and my credit bearing classes will start April 18th .... im soooo freakin excited i could just about die !!! 
Kiss me < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > kiss me .... infect me with your lovin fill me with your poison ... < PROPFEMALE > ke me < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ke me ....... DAMN YOU < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!! 
I swear to god i need to go dancing !!! This weather just makes me wanna get crazy !!! 
I usually don't do this , but :\ 
PUT THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!!! ( 1 ) Crazy ( 2 ) I'd marry you ( 3 ) I want to date you ( 4 ) Sarcastic ( 5 ) I miss you ( 6 ) I'd kiss you ( 7 ) Beautiful ( 8 ) Smart ( 9 ) Imaginative ( 10 ) Random ( 11 ) Smart Ass ( 12 ) Funny ( 13 ) Fit ( 14 ) Amazing ( 15 ) Tough ( 16 ) Cute ( 17 ) I'd hit you with a bus ( 18I ... love you ( 19 ) Weirdo ( 20 ) Friends forever . ( can pick more than one ) 
Had one of the best nights last night !! Dinner with me and < PROPFIRST > at Applebees met up with the fam then out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Love you guys to death !!! 
Spent the weekend with < PROPFEMALE > sister .... had a blast sleeping over and playin with the dogs . Beautiful weekend except the bit of rain yesterday .... ready for the thunderstorms tomorrow !!! 
I really really need to get out of here .... i feel ...... like im having a breakdown 
Woooooooooooow .... 
:( i dont wanna be a blonde anymore .... i want my auburn hairs back 
Good morning everyone .... just another shitty day in the neighborhood ! 
Man why is it that coldplay lyrics always have just the right message for any situation you might come to find yourself in . SMH 
Im makin a youtube playlist of some good stuff ... coldplay , the fray , imogen heap , < PROPFEMALE > nalick , deathcab for cutie , keane , < PROPFEMALE > + the machine , < PROPFIRST > parks , and < PROPFEMALE > bareilles to name a few ! MMMMM Music for the SOUL . 
Oh god .... im learning how to do algebra via online tutorials and im starting to get it , but man its feelin slow goin for me . Jesus will you help me ? lol 
Goodnight facebook .... see ya tomorrow ! 
Another perfect weather day !!! Im actually gonna do some cleaning i think , but not right now lol ! 
Mom gave me one of grannies necklaces last night . Its silver and has two chains that extend from it that have flower shaped bells . It jingles when i walk and its just so precious that i could cry . 
If i dont say this now i will surely break ... as im leaving the one i wanna take , forgive the urgency but hurry up and wait , my heart has started to seperate .... The Fray 
I want a pedicure like woah ! 
Im out facebook .... see you tomorrow . 
Hey there .... im allive . 
Ok I just have to post about this . Why in the hell is everyone so impressed with this < PROPFIRST > chick from idol .... seriously she is lacking !!! Ive watched three performances of hers and i dont understand . < PROPFEMALE > was amazing < PROPFIRST > is seriously mediocre . 
Sitting at Jamies house with hair dye on my head and of course the famous shopping bag on top .... i look so damn sexy i know you guys wouldnt be able to handle it . 
Dude its saturday night and im bored as hell ..... someone entertain me !! 
Jesus H ....... its 1:21 in tha mornin and im like woah ....... 
Another sunday ..... what to do what to do ? 
Yep ....... havin IBS pretty much sucks ! 
Yep yep , im bout to log into my first day of classes !!!!!! Wooooooooot !!!! 
Oh wow ..... my instructor is a total hippy trippy chick !!!!! Lol this .... is gonna be epic ! 
I really love watching videos of songs in american sign language ! Its so cool ! 
Did all my assignments for my two classes ahead of time and turned them in .... did my reading assignments and 1st discussion questions and then gave the dog a bath . Shes now a poofy legged ball of good smellin puppy-ness !!!!!!! 
I just went on a down right creepin FEST !!!!!! Yea im checkin up on peoples ..... beware bitches ! 
Ima stupid-saurus Rex ........ RAWR !!!!!!! Lmao 
Alright im gonna get a little nerdy right now buuuuut ........ OMG GLEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!! Its finally on tonight !!!!!!!!!!!!! 4 freakin weeks without it ... need i say more ? 
<------ cant stop listening to Lights by < PROPFEMALE > Goulding !!!! PIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSS 
And i saw my reflection in the snow covered hills , well the landslide brought me down . Oh mirror in the sky .... what is love . Can the child within my heart rise above ... can i sail through the changing ocean tides .... can i handle the seasons of my life uh uh 
< PROPFEMALE > says .... FML = fuck my leg !!!!!!!!! Lmmfao ! 
\so i wont let you close enough to hurt me ... no i wont ask you ... you to just desert me ... i cant give you what you think you gave me its time to say goodbye to turning tables .... to turning tables ... \"" 
if you havent heard anything from karminmusic on youtube .... look her up .... shes absolutely astounding . She sings like an angel and she can rap !!! I mean really seriously bust up some beats !!! Look her up shes awesome !! Thanks < PROPMALE > Edgemon for introducing me to her !!!! 
Close enough to start a war all that i have is on the floor ... god only knows what were fighting for all that i say you always say more ... i cant keep up with your turning tables under your thumb i cant breathe ..... 
Well ive said my piece ...... now all i can do is pray i guess . 
BLARGH !!!!!!!! yep that about says it all right now ! 
Non-stop music following long tearful shower .... yep this is my life ! Welcome to the disaster lol ... 
Slinking off to the bed chambers .... sleep will commence in T-4 hours lol 
Seriously .... F .... MY ..... LIFE . < PROPFEMALE > just called from prison looking for < PROPFEMALE > . I didnt know what to do so i just < PROPMALE > up . Seriously feel sick to my stomach now . I need to deal with my mommy issues before i throw up on someone . 
Do you ever feel like a plastic bag drifting through the wind wanting to start again .... do you ever feel feel so paper thin like a house of cards one blow from caving in ... do you ever feel already buried deep 6 feet under screams but no one seems to hear a thing ? 
Yellow model chick .... yellow bottle sippin .... yellow lambourghini ... yellow top missin\ 
Lol yep 
I seen a rainbow yesterday but too many storms have come and gone leaving a trace of not one god giving < PROPFIRST > is it because my life is 10 shades of grey i p < PROPFIRST > all ten fade away seldom praise him for the seven days and like his promise is true only my faith can undo the many chances i blew to bring my life to anew clear blue and unconditional skies have dried the tears from my eyes no more lonely cries ... 
A normal conversation in the life of me consists of the words piss , FML , bitch , dude , totally , and awesome !!! I should branch out but Im probably not going to . 
Karmincovers version of firework is seriously heart wrenching ..... im in tears .... again ! 
Look at me now look at me now im gettin papre look at me no look at me now yeeeeeeah fresher than a muh .... what ! 
Its Happy Easter Time erybody !!!! Getcho ham on ..... oh and the deviled eggs too ! 
Ive tried to not think about it all day , but i REALLY miss granny today . First easter without her is sad . 
I NEED A MUTHA HUMPIN DRANK FOOLS !!!!!!!!! Lol yea someone get on that for me wouldja ? 
Woah dude .... the change is incredible ... i feel like a shit ton of awesome right now , which is crazy considering how i felt last night !!!!! Betcha wish you knew why !!!! 
Ery'body just call me \Puddles\ " from now on .... cause i got more moisture than an ohio rain front !!! " 
Early goodnight to my facebookers tonight ...... Im just plain wore the F out ! \ 
\ 
In the words of rhianna \meet me in my boudoir 
Oh my GOD !!!!!!!!!!!! GLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Be in a position to make me ... feel so .... damn unpretty ! 
Its rainin its pourin ... its 4 in tha mornin !!! Why am i still awake !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yea im finally headed to bed ..... jesus H why cant i go to bed earlier than 5 in the morning ! 
Yup Yup im awake peoples .... loved the storms last night . 
wooooo ... oooooo .... BARBARA STREISAND !!! 
Sittin here with a mango raspberry strawberry smoothie facial mask on .... its gettin all hard and crinkly lol feels so cool !!! 
Alright ... school stuff is done . Had to catch up on participation and answer the remaining DQ's . Im serving SMART up on a silver platter baby ! 
Lol ok repost this since the first disappeared . For those of you who didnt know .... The OHMS ( my favorite local/family friend band ) will be rocking out at Cobblestone Tavern , across from pearls and beer30 . 3 sets of awesome reggae music . Join us on the dance floor from 9:30 -2 am .... and wear your hippy gear cause thats just how we roll !!!! If you need directions or more info get ahold of me !! 
Sooooooo excited for tonight .... im gettin on the dance floor like a BAWS lol Its gonna be epic retarded ! 
mmmm homemade spanish rice add corn and tomatoes ... serve on a plate topped with sour cream and cheese then eat with tortillas !!!! Sooo good ! 
\46 and 2 trans-mutation ..... thats what im thinkin . \ " The OHMS " 
Last night was pretty much awesome . Great music and great people ... great atmosphere a few drinks and i was good for the night ! Slept in late and now im ready for the next round !!! Get at me for plans tonight ! 
Off to relax on the pull out couch bed at sissas !!!! Ohhhhhhhhhhhh the memories lol Netflix here we come !!!! 
I think i might be allergic to life .... two days ago my arms broke out with clusters of little red bumps . I looked it up on the internet and it says from what they look like they are stress hives ! WTF !!! Reaaaally ? My body is some kind of fucked up if im so stressed im getting hives ..... come on ! 
Dudes i realized the other day that my damn birthday is comin up ....... 7 days from today ..... :/ i dunno how im feelin about it . 
Ok 1 hour of sleep + crazy allergy/stress itch bumps = not a happy camper\ 
solve for x ...... x + benadryl + bed + comfy cute puppy = remedy\ 
x = SLEEP ! lol 
I need everyone to keep < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE > and jamies mom ) in their prayers right now . Shes going through a really rough time and is in the hospital . Shes doing a bit better but they are moving her to rehab today for an undetermined amount of time . Thanks for the support , love , and prayers . 
Uuuuuuuuuugh sitting here in bed and feeling like bugs are crawling all over my skin !!!! This allergy/stress reaction stuff has GOT to stop . I cant take much more of this without tearing the flesh off my body . 
I just wanted to say that its only in the hardest and darkest moments of your life that you find who your true family and friends are . I appreciate you all and ill be here for you till i give my last breath . <3 4-Ever 
Im smart ...... i get people to vent to me even when they dont want to lol . Just sayin !!! \ 
Ps i really need everyone to keep praying for < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and jamies mom . 
Gave myself a hairs cut !!! Lol yea im the shhh like that !!! 
Im hotter than an underarm on the fourth of july !!!! LMAO Yep thats my dumb comment of the day^ right there !!! 
God .... or whatever is out there hopefully watching over us ...... please .... give us the strength to get through all of this . 
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful women who have helped raise me . Youve made my life better because you were a part of it ! Love you all !! 
Listening to Not gonna teach him how to dance with you ... glee version , on repeat lol !!! I cant get enough !!!! 
Tomorrow is my birthday .... yep ill be 27 . Almost 30 now .... shew lord its scary , anyway ill be over at my sisters for dinner and cake and just to chill . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes so far !!!! Its gonna be an awesome day of chillaxin with my fam !!! 
So today was officially one AWESOME day !! Great food , trip to hueston woods , got a new flowy breezy dress for my birthday , < PROPMALE > out with the fam . Feeling pretty good right now ! 
\Turn on MTV so they can teach me how to dougie !! \ " Or you could just youtube < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > shum from Glee ....... just sayin .... " 
Im wearin my dress again today !!!!! Soooo breezy and comfy !!!! 
Yep ......... im totally gonna throw up again !!! Wooooooooooooooooooo 
Im lookin so stinkin cute in my new flowy summer dress !!!! I love it ... its light weight and strapless ! Id post a pic but the image is no longer available on dots.com lol 
GLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE PROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Glee prom was awesome !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > moment for the night : \ So if < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > get together .... does that make them milk chocolate ? \"" 
The awkward moment when even benadryl wont knock your ass out for the night . Can we say insomnia much ? 
Going for a just about 4 mile walk with < PROPFIRST > Hoskins ! Get my tan on and get in shape ! Heeeells yeaaaaa !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Hoskins says \i need a stiffer pole\ " ............ my comment ? \ " that's what she said\ " Lmao the awkward moment when you out perv your guy friends !!!! The really intriguing part about this entire conversation was that we were talking about fishing !! Go figure !!! " 
Goin to pick up my baby < PROPFEMALE > puppy and have a sleep over !!!!! I miss her sooooooo much ! 
Listening to Beatles songs and thinkin about life . 
Going to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Jenkins Shepherd tonight !!! Excited !!! Ive missed her < PROPFEMALE > death ! 
Uuuuuuuuugh im so sick of FEELINGS !!!!!!!!!!!! Go to hell feelings ...... im over it ! 
I am 1 more fucking incident away from just losing it for a little bit ...... why does life always do this . Its ok for a bit then it just turns to shit ...... tell me why ! 
Im in such a weird mood right now i dont even know if im excited for Glee ! or not ..... the title of todays episode is \Funeral\ " and i just dont feel like gettin emotional lol . GLEEEE why do you make me have so many feeeeeeelings ?!?!?! " 
Didnt watch Glee ! last night but im watching it nooooooow !!!! OMG im scared im gonna cry !!! 
Welp ..... Glee ! made me cry as usual .... the damn funeral scene didnt help , and i only liked a couple songs from this episode .... sad :( 
Can we start working on a cure for feelings and stress . Like an injection or something that shuts down feelings and stress ? Is that even possible ? I think we should try .... thats it im emailing the government ! 
Please God make me a bird so i can fly far .... far far away from here !!!! 
My head is spinning .... spinning outta control . 
So life is not always what you expect it to be and we all know that . Its a chaotic beautiful hurtful sorrowfull mess of an existence . Things happen that you cant count on happening and things dont happen when you need them to , but if you stop and listen for a moment and just give into the rhythm of the world you find that its a gorgeous disaster and you wouldnt change your experiences for your life . 
\whipped cream comin down like waterfalls\ " demonic pizza ..... just .... plain ...... creepy " 
Bow chicka wow wow ... whatchu gonna say ? 
I am corruption in the female form of a human .... just sayin ! Lol ;) 
Singin .... singing ...... singing .... aaaaaaaaaaand que the tears ! Lol yay for emotions ..... bittersweet as they may be . 
Im kind of dissapointed to be honest ..... i thought we were gonna have zombies to shoot and stuff .... what an uneventful end of the world ! 
Im emotionally exhausted at this point ...... 
Your silence speaks louder than words ...... i understand whats going on , i just wish you would talk to me about it , instead of keeping me in the dark and making me hurt worse than this already does . 
Making egg fried rice ...... eata da chineeeeeeeese ? 
Schoolwork completed for the day . Were talking about personal relationships in health and wellness and im just blasting my way through it everyday . Ive learned so much through the years that i literally wouldnt even have to read our reading assignments , but i still do cause im a good girl LOL 
Had a really intense night .... felt a LOT of feelings , but connected even deeper with my best friend < PROPFIRST > . Hes the male mold of me with opposite looks lol . Blond haired blue eyed with guy parts and im brown haired brown eyed with girl parts . Strange that you can be opposite looking but be completely the same person !! Love ya dude you make feeling feelings a little easier LMAO ! 
Out for family night with my sis < PROPFEMALE > Payton ..... then after if its not too late maybe ill pop in to check on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Fatora , and < PROPFIRST > Hoskins .... as theyll all be gettin CRUNK tonight !!! Lmao be safe till i get there my loverly dudes !! 
Sittin at the sisters house on the computer trying not to fall asleep ....... wow .... yea im going back to bed !!!! 
If i ...... dissappear for about a week . Dont get scared .... im ok ..................................... sorta . 
Nevermind ..... ill find someone like you . 
All im feeling right now is ..... angry .... angry .... ANGRYYYYYY ..... hurt :( .......... Im goin on the DL .... you can look for me but i dare ya to find me .... cause im gone ! 
I put up a new banner on my profile !!! Its pretty awesome to be honest ! 
Just got a droid cell !!!! Woootzzz !!! 
I added my new cell number to my info so if you dont have it yet add it and then text me K !!!!! 
Gettin my grub on with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > the greatest boy bestie im the world ! 
Schoolwork ...... my bestie said i had to get on it ............ so im gettin on it ! 
Out again ........ textulate me dudes ! 
Downloading the incubus discography .......... <3 
The better part of me .... sing this song .... remind me that well always have each other , when everything else is gone ! 
Just ordered La'Rosas lasagna dinner and itallian creme cake for desert . Just me and the pups tonight since dad and mom are still in amish country eating desserts and cheese and bread and stuff LOL ....... Hopefully the bed isnt so crowded tonight .... me being a plus size woman + 3 dogs stretched out = one stuffed bed . 
Keep on diggin .... dig in till my insides are outside my outsides are broken .... push it in till the fire comes .... drag it out ......... knock me back down again until the pain becomes what it always should be ..... pleasure . 
Goodnight sweet world ..... i await your mysteries once again tomorrow ..... lol 
Eating and schoolwork for a while then cleaning and packing for the glee extravaganza this week ...... text me if you need me !!! 
Makin my glee t shirt\ 
front says : Dolphins are just gay sharks \ 
back says : !! Brimanda !! \ 
the back is a mash up of my name and < PROPFEMALE>'s because thats who im most like on glee LOL !!!!! 
Ok so ..... so far i finally finished up my schoolwork and met my participation for this week with literally 45 seconds to spare till the cutoff . I have clothes set on the bed and ready for packing but no packing has been done yet .... i have a few whites left in the drier and i completed my glee shirt sooooo i guess im productive just reaaaaaaaaaaally slow with it tonight . Im probably not going to sleep at all ! 
OMG its freakin 6 in the morning and i still havent been to bed .... i still need to straighten up the house a bit but at least my clothes and toiletries made it into duffel bags . ohhhhhh for the love of GOD ! 
LIMA !!!!! Ummm yea lol glee refference 
So we just saw < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > go into the venue about twenty feet from us lol we didnt even react lol 
Goin to bed .... ill be home tomorrow evening !!! Awwww im kinda sad though this has been an awesome trip for reaaaaaal !!!!!! 
Ok soooooo im back in good ole hamilton again !!!! YAAAAAY or rather not yay lol . The GLEE ! concert was omg amazing !!! Seriously ive never not been able to control myself when it comes to going to concerts and screaming and stuff but i felt like one of those crazed girls fainting in the crowd .... lmao just wow what an amazing week !!! Thanks to my gurls for making it so special even when i had to use a vagina prop !! ;) 
Im on the edge of glory .... and im hangin on a moment with you ! :) !!!!!! 
<3 dude i totally missed you ........ 
I ......... hate .............................................. wireless internet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
OMG ....... i dont think ive ever said this but i honestly cant wait to go to the freakin hospital . Yay for infections that make you feel like your dying !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > im not dying after all .... a few hours in the hospital and one extremely painful antibiotic shot and 4 prescriptions later and its as i suspected all along . I have an infection .... lol oh well yay for antibiotics . 
You know what .... hate on haters !! Any peice of shit that its in my life that doubts me just because of my past .... you can eat it !! Im going to do what i have to in this life to get what i want . I dont care how hard it may be because im stronger then you and i deserve it damnit . 
But I will hold on hope\ 
And I won't let you choke\ 
On the noose around your neck\ 
And I'll find strength in pain\ 
And I will change my ways\ 
I'll know my name as it's called again 
why is mumfor and sons so amazingly lyrically amazing ? LMFAO Wow im totally profound N shits 
Invisible .............. 
Yea .... antibiotic shot in my ass cheek .... I know that you told me you were gonna make everything better , but seriously dude ...... burning and swelling ?! Wow i thought you were gonna be good to me and all you did was make me sore and pissed off ! Have you ever tried sitting on just one ass cheek ? Its not fun :/ 
Good freakin night dudes ...... this damn cold or sinus infection bull SHIT is about to piss me off lol . Im goin to bed CAUSE IM SICK and i need sleep and rest and water and antibiotics and yea a hug from love muffin would be nice lol !!! Anyway GOODNIGHT 
UPDATE : lol so i finally slept last night in fact i slept till almost 1 today !!! Went and got my antibiotics and started birth control !!! WOOOOOO ..... my lower back and pelvis are feeling awful so im in rest mode for now . Still feeling pretty shitty but a little better then yesterday i guess . Yay ! 
i really need to find something for pain ............ anyone have any suggestions . 
My cup my cup .... sayin whats up to my cupAH !!!!! 
Ok so second day of antibiotics and everytime i take one i get these little itchy bumps on random parts of me . Pain is still severe in my lower back and hips/pelvis/abdomen . Im not really sure what to do but it looks like if the pain doesnt slack off im headed back to the hospital . 
YAY fever time again .... im sweatin it out bitches !!! 
Awwww YAY ..... dose number two of antibiotics are makin me itchy and sick to my stomach again ........ AWESOME !!!!!!!! 
I just really fucking love when someone that you thought was your everything breaks your damn heart and stomps on it ... dumps you ... lies to you .... leads you to believe you could be together again and then says no . THEN they text you stupid shit like oh i miss everything about you ........... FUCK OFF 
Alrighty day 3 antibiotics are still kicking my ass . Theres a metal taste in my mouth and now i just dont want to eat at all , but the pain is feeling a little different now . Its sort of a muscle ache type feeling as apposed to a deep epnetrating hurt , so i guess thats improvement . Im napping A LOT lol just trying to get to feeling better . 
jkgupotf65xe634sqlkjnqrtnb v4i8194y50o4ithyewr . gguo !!!!!!!!! 
Im alive and junk .... kinda feelin like barely though . Was ok yesterday but feel a small set back today . Its cool .... this is gonna take a while but ill get there i suppose . 
FINALLY !!!!!! The pain has started to subside in my abdomin ... i never thought it would happen but its starting to fade . I did talk to the doctor though and he said the infection probably left scarring on my pelvis and i may ache for a few weeks even . Kinda sad about that BUT im doing better at last ! 
no i cant take one more step .... towards you . Cause all thats waiting is regret . Dont you know im not your ghost anymore .... you lost the love i loved the most . Ive learned to live half alive , and now you want me one more time . 
I honestly think ........ that you all ........ just need to let me be for now . Literally let me catch my breath and brick my heart back up , so that i can continue on . Because im feeling knocked down . And the person i opened up to , has , without malcontent , cut me deeper then i had thought . I need to mend . So no more talk of love .......... i beg you . 
Im gonna check out for a while if you absolutely need me or its an emergency my cell is listed in my info or you should already have it . Thanks :) <3 
So i think ive officially sworn off love now . I thought about everything that its put me through in the past few years and i just cant say that its done much good for me . So , for a while at least , im not going to be dating anyone or talking to anyone with the hopes of falling back in love and spending the rest of my life with them . The friends that ive always had will remain of course but no new relationships . 
I guess pearls diner + antibiotics + prescription anti nausea pills + a shot of pepto = me feeling like im gonna be ASSED out in like 15 minutes .... clothes off mysteriously and butt in the air .... just GONE lol thats why we call it assed out instead of passed out !!!!!! 
Ummmmm just gotta tell you guys ..... I GOT A JOOOOOOOOOOB !!!!!!!!!! Lmao wait till you guys hear where im gonna be working !!! REDS HAMBURGERS in New Miami !!!!!!! I cant believe im a reds girl ! LMFAO 
Ohhh my jesus my poor littl hearts gone pitter patter all day long !!! As good ole < PROPFIRST > said ... \you were always on my mind \"" 
So todays trial run working at Reds was AMAZING !!! Its hot and sweaty and loud and crowded and chaotic , BUT it was the first of the month AND a friday and i kept up just fine and cut up with the locals and regulars . I absolutely love it ! 
I just love when people try to tell you things by posting songs on their wall ......... and then try and tell you that they didnt post it for any particular reason .... LMAO ok ok yea .... right ......... ive played that game too . 
Goin with < PROPFEMALE > girl < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for a walk . My body is gonna HATE me tomorrow , but itll be the sweetest soreness lol !!!!!!! 
let the barrage of questions begin ........... lol !!!!! ill post a note with details . 
I dont normally do this but uhhhhh yea this is important ................. \ 
******* BABY FOOD ALERT***IMPORTANT ALERT for all Parents , ' Nestle ' is asking everyone to return ALL banana baby food expiring 2012 , they may contain piece's of glass . 
Doin the 4th of July thing at the house . The usual burgers and hot dogs and sides of all kinds lol .... i have to admit that though that im wishin i was sittin with my boo just chillin with my fam . We go do cute stuff like hold hands and glance at each other and giggle childishly while people tried not to throw up !!! :D 
Had yet another wonderful conversation with my baby last night before bed . He just makes me so crazy happy and im so appreciative to have him in my life again . For the first time i have no doubt about how i feel about him and how he feels about me . Theres no guess work to this one folks ....... <3 is what our hearts cry . 
Off to work for me ....... 1-9pm see you on the flip side !!! 
I really wish that i could have just recorded the crazy ass .... incredibly cheesy ass ..... stupid ass ..... romantically cute ass things that i just spouted out to < PROPMALE > Edwards , because i honestly think it was literally the most truthful moment of my life !!!! Those were some of the most precious things ive ever said to someone and i dont even know if it made any sense , but holy jeezle fuck tits wow ! 
Alas ....... my love has gone to rest and my heart weighs weary . Le-sigh \ 
LMAO god im so gay for him !!!! HAAAAAAA 
Lmao i am soooo impressed with myself right now ... i played an E chord then an AM chord and transitioned back to a G chord !!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOO gotta love inspiration and < PROPMALE > Edwards is my muse !!!!! Lol Hopefully he can teach me some things when i get to see him ! :D 
Well Im on grill today all day at work so if you want some crazy good cookin then come see me at Red's from 1pm-8pm . We lock the doors up at 8pm SHARP so if youre comin you better get to it before then ;) Call in-take out orders are always welcome ... 513-863-9210 :D 
Showerin up and gettin ready for the work day ...... heck yes !!! Ima kill it and grill it up today !!! Come seeeeee me if you want !! 
Another night talking to my most amazing love ........ you never cease to astound me and take my breath away . I love you ....... 
Work is still awesome , but holy Hades its kickin my ASS like .... for real ............ LMAO Keep on truckin on though . Im lovin that money in my hand everyday !!!! I got plans :D 
Soooooooo its Friday ... and work is gonna be CRAZY !!! But im miss waitress tonight so y'all should come see me in my element servin up some shizzles . 
Bug bites really REALLY suuuuuuuuuuuuuck ..... i hate mo-squitos mang !!! 
UuuuuuuuughuuuuBUH !!!!!! Im sooo freakin tired but I'm still working on school . I really have got to stop waiting all week to do it . A little at a time would be much easier !!! Kickin myself in the ASS right now !!! LOL 
Work today 1-9pm dont know if im grillin it up or servin it up but im not EXACTLY excited to be going . Im glad im off tomorrow but then comes the 4 day stretch lol .... oh well gotta get dat money !!!! 
Its in those pivotal moments in life , when you look at yourself in the mirror and you realize who you truely are . When you can accept that and still want what makes you happy in life , then you know youre a strong person . Im proud of you boo ! You'll always be dear to me . 
Benadryl + regular acetomanophin apparently = one tired < PROPFEMALE > <3 to all i think im passing out ....... poke me with a stick in the morning . 
Stick a fork in me ......... 
A new day is on the horizon and I solemnly swear to not let my past fill me with regrets . This is my day and ill live it like its my last . I promise to keep fighting ... even though im broken down and weary .... ill pull myself back up again and smile for the world ..... no not the world , but for myself . 
Work ........ 1-9pm = hot all day , BUT its tonyas day off sooooooooo i get all the tips !!!! WOO WOO make dat monay ! 
Sittin here with a face mask on .... gettin rid of the layers of grease from work LMAO .... speaking of work , i was on grill today with my boss < PROPFEMALE > doin the waitress stuff and let me just tell you all that even I was impressed with how calm i stayed even in the face of all that was psychotic today . I fucking KILLED IT !!! 
So sing it out .... sing till your lungs cant < PROPFEMALE > the emotions of your bleeding heart . Feel it inside ...... deep ........... so much so that you could never deny it to yourself again ... and then get vulnerable and just cry , but keep singing because its in those moments that your true voice takes over , and you sound so beautiful . 
Ohhhhhh goodnight world .... today is pay day and im totally stoked to be stackin that cash toward a car . Ohhhhhhhhhhh yea maing !!! 
Another day and another dollar !!! Its payday .... friday ... gottta get my check on friday , everybodies looking forward to some money , money !!!!!!!!! ( yes this was just < PROPFIRST > to the tune of friday by < PROPFEMALE > black ) 
Soooooooooo another long day of work .... it was CRAZY in there today . More details posted in my notes . 
I am soooooo freakin hungry .... god i could eat a whole lb of bacon right now and like 4 orders of homefries from my work .......... UUUUGAAAKUUUUBUUUUH !!!! 
Uuuugh finally done with my procrastination work lmao . Mental note ......... stop putting it off , even when you're tired !!! Anyway ..... its bed time cause im back to work tomorrow and im on grill . God almighty someone help me !!! 
Goodnight facebook ...... a little food for thought before i part with the keyboard and hit the pillow . Everyday is a < PROPMALE > to pove yourself to the world .... to let go a little more until eventually , you can just let loose that primal yell from deep within yourself . Letting go is half the battle , holding onto whats important is the other . Never give up .... never give in , fight every day for the ones you love . 
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGHHHHHUUUUUUH --- \ 
kuhhhbuh 
Ok ! I went ahead and did todays substantive responses for school so that i wouldnt even have to worry about it latter . I mean come ON , its FRIDAY !!!!! 
I'm feeling kind of ...................... 
Now downloading episodes 1-3 of season 3 true blood and 10-12 of season 2 .... i cant remember if i got to watch season 2 or not .... well find out soon enough !! 
Found our firsr cache while geocaching !!! I came up with a name for us ... its rock the cache box ... lmao ...... oh the cleverness of me !!! 
Ok so done with the geocaching for the night . We found 2 ... FINALLY !!! They were small ones so they just had a log in it but it was still pretty awesome . The second one was in a cemetery and we were trying to be all sneaky so we wouldnt get caught . It was hiding in a tree !!! P.S. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > got spooked an almost pissed herself !!! Good times indeed were had by all . 
I cant even think about anything today . Im putting all of my emotions aside and just trying to have some fun . I feel like no matter how hard i try in life ..... all i ever get to do is wait . I know thats just how life is but i need a break i think . I have no idea how to feel or process right now and i cant even find the words to describe how im feeling . 
Sometimes in life ..... you just have to cry yourself to sleep . Its been a crazy month for me and im honestly glad that on Monday , it will be over and ill be starting again . Im trying to think of it as a new slate and a fresh start . 
10 inches :( 
Mom and dad when to go look at cars today . They stopped at Kings auto mall and found a 2009 Hyundai accent for 11,000 with less then 40,000 < PROPMALE > on it . They offered 10,300 for it and are hoping they can come down on the price , but i told them if not to just go ahead and do it !!!!!! It sounds perfect and totally awesome !! Everyone cross your fingers that this works out !!!!!!! 
Sooo ... i got the hyundai !!! Tomorrow morning ill be bringing home my 2009 accent . Im stoked to say the least . 
So im recording some stuff today and its incredibly fun . Thank god for better quality microphones . 
Parents went to hawking hills for a few days . I have an amazing amount of freedom right now and im sitting here making cds for the car and recording music lmao . 
Tomorrow marks an incredibly important milestone for me . Tomorrow is the year anniversary of my attempted suicide in cleveland .... morbid as this may sound , im so thankful for that experience . Its made me the person i am today and has strengthened me in a way i never knew possible . \ 
August , 4th 2010-My Awakening 
Gotta love long ... deep felt conversations that leave you smiling from ear to ear 
Today was a crazy day at work , but even in all the chaos i took a minute to remember just how lucky i am that my friends and family werent spending the day without me and greiving . Life has much bigger plans for me then an early departure . I just want to say thank you to all my friends and family that have helped me grow over the past year . You are loved more then you know !! :) <3 
My GOD i will be more then happy when these stupid pre-requisite classes are done and over with . I hate even thinking about grammar much less trying to come up with stupid sentences about a stupid topic and include things like adjectives and adverbs LMAO . It isnt that its hard , just annoying at best Uuuuugh ....... and next block i have comm 101-part 2 :( it makes me wanna punch kittens . 
Hello there 3:33 in the morning . Im really very tired and Id like to fall asleep now ............. please ? 
Im off today peoples ....... nothing to do as of yet but im headed to the showers and then probably to go take the puppy for a ride , hit me up on the celly is you wanna chill/hang out !!!! 
I need to sleep , i want to sleep , but i feel as though half my life is just that ........................ sleeping . I need a vaca ...... a serious getaway from all things stressful . 
Downloading more true blood and a few movies . One that im really excited to see is \Hes just not that into you . \ " Im interested to see how this goes ! " 
Sleep is coming ........... even when i try to fight it ..... it always wins ! 
................................................. sorry ... WINNING .................................. lmao !! really < PROPFIRST > sheen ? fucking really ?! 
Dreading work today . I went to see < PROPFEMALE > ( my coworker ) yesterday and get something to eat and she said that our first shift Bitch of a coworker was in a huff again because we didnt do any fries for her saturday . I was under the impression that since we were closed on sunday and the owners are in and restock everything , that they would catch them up .... apparently not . 
OMG ........ waking up to a severe cramp in both calves is just not good at all . My god i have no idea whats wrong with me but my wrist is fucked , my lower back is knotted and both legs have been cramping none stop for the past two days . Im taking a multivitamin so i know its not a lack of potassium . :( 
I survived the day , but just barely it feels like . my body is still cramping and im just .... plain ..... exhausted . 
Thank god im off tomorrow . Yesterday was interesting to say the least and hopefully today goes a little better . Trying not to focus on all the negatives around me and remember the positives . 
Lately ive felt pretty disconnected from my friends and family . I feel as though i dont have enough time in the world to see everyone when i want to and to those of you who feel neglected .... Im truly sorry and i miss you . Im trying to get a handle on the schedule of what i call my life right now and im starting to make some headway . 
Wow i absolutely love when people in my life that are supposed to be close to me get upset because I'm being responsible . This message isnt about one specific person ... but any of my friends and family who are pissed because i work now and have schoolwork to worry about , can get the fuck over it . 
\Cause you can fall if you want to .... its just a matter of how far \"" 
Watching True Blood ........ how else would i end a good day ? <3 
Downloading Ep . 09 of True Blood !! Wooooooot !!!! 
I swear to god .... that was the sweetest and nicest walmart check out guy ever ...... it helped that he was totally flirting with me . Walmart checkout guy .... ill be back !! 
Its ............. another day . Heres hoping it goes smoothly . 
You ever wake up sometimes and feel lost ? I feel like that today ..... completely and utterly i feel like something is missing and that im completely lost withtout it . 
Good morning starshine ! The earth says ... HELLO ! lmao creepy 
Can i just say that sometimes ........ being a cook/waitress really blows LMAO . For example .... today half the football team for new miami came in with coach and i think ast . coach . We fed hungry teenage football playin boys and two adults and got not one cent for a tip !!!! I still cant believe it ........ im absolutely in shock even !! 
Some days you wake up and feel like you could just plain grab life by the balls ....... I dunno if I'm strong enough to bust em ' open , but I'm fed up enough to snatch them up and make life cry like the little BITCH that it is . I'm just laughin ' my ass off today ............. YOU CAN\T STOP ME !!!!!!!!!!!! " 
I squashed it with a WOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!! Oh yea .... I turned into a woo girl tonight with my sis < PROPFEMALE > Payton .... Geoffrey Edwards was privy to all of this excitement via cellular phone . I am bat ....... shit ........................ CRAZY !! 
Im gonna have a pretty much AWESOME day today , let me tell you . Me and my sister are taking the dogs to the park to play and then were gonna chill at the house and paint like old times . Dog parks , sister love , chillin , and artsy stuffs ......... im totally STOKED !!! 
OMG ........ soooooo tired . I finally did it though ..... i turned in all my final stuff for this second block of classes . I start a new one tomorrow . Nine more weeks of stupid grammar and writing composition !!!! 
Oh god .... my phone is already starting to act like it doesnt want to charge . Ive only had it since may !!! Do they make anything anymore thats not a piece of complete and utter shit ?!?!?!! 
You know youre starting to get old when you wake up in the morning and feel like the wrist you use to flip burgers at work , is stiff and pain is shooting up your arm to your elbow . Good times !!!! 
Im going down to mt < PROPFEMALE > park tonight in cinci after work ... who wamts to come with ? Call me or text me and let me know so I can pick you up !! 
Stayed up and listened to some music for a minute when i shouldve been asleep ..... either way im still winning !!! 
EVERYONE MUST READ THIS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
Ok , so I know most of you already have animals of some sort , BUT we have these absolutely beautiful little kittens ..... 5 to be exact ... who have been utterly abandoned by the mother . Guesstimation on an age would be 5-7 weeks . They can eat solid food and are litter box trained already , they just need someone to love them . We have two black and white a tortouse shell , a calico and a tabby . 
I think ........ im smitten ................................................... OH NOOOOOOO 
Happy September 1st everybody !!!! Fall is coming and im SUPER ........... FREAKIN ............ STOKED !!!!!!! 
You ever felt ............... bittersweet ? 
Downloading the sucker punch soundtrack and the new ep . of true blood too ..... ARGH !!!! Piratey goodness !!!!!!!! 
I just love the feeling of being absolutely exhausted because you spent the WHOLE night on the phone with an awesome person ....... its like im a teenager all over again !!!! 
Everyone please excuse me while i give an overly excited keysmash ....... are you ready ? OK !!! lakdhjfoiuhq02839y1948tewoeldknvfldskanuig !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Interesting ......... for sure . 
Off tomorrow and monday .......... so super stoked that i could just about fall over !! 
Today I has been rough Ive thrown up , cried , cursed men , and was a little late for work . Can I please be excused from life ? 
Uuuuum k im tiiiiired like crazy . Eeeep im off the next 2 days !! 
\Some of them want to use you .... some of the them want to get used by you . Some of them want to abuse you ........ some of them want to be abused . Sweet dreams are made of these .... who am I to disagree .......... \"" 
\I was swimmin ' in the Caribbean\ 
Finishing up homeworks and what nots and then headed out to hueston woods for a while to sit and think ....... my heart and mind are completely out of sorts right now and i just really need some fresh air to make everything functional again . 
Ill be speaking frequently in lyrics from now on ..... yes theyll all have special meaning or \hidden\ " meaning . Some very hidden and some will be pretty blatant . \ 
Until you see me in your dreams\ 
We'll stay awake beneath the trees\ 
We'll watch the buildings turn to dust\ 
A sky of diamonds just for us\ 
You are the risk I'll always take\ 
The only branch I'll never break\ 
Those fears we'll blow them all way 
Mind = blown ........... no explanations needed . Just trust me on this . I have one of the best friends EVER !!!! 
uuuuuuuuugh i shouldve been asleep an hour ago ............. my mind is racing and im feeling like some weirdness . I dunno whats goin on inside this crazy brain of mine but i wish itd shut up and shut down for the night ! 
Mantra for the day : Search deep within yourself to find the truth . Close your eyes .... count back from 20 , take a deep breath and separate from yourself for a moment . Release your heart and let it tell you what it needs . Only then will you find the answers . 
Uuuuuuuuuuugh ...... head is pounding again . I love this weather but it doesnt love me back . ohhhh unrequited love ................... how i LOATHE thee !!!!!!! 
<------- is dehydrated from not being able to keep anything down . Sugar was crazy high today out of nowhere and with no reason for it to be . Dosed myself to lower it and it bottomed out at 82 then shot back up to 160 .... i feel like im about ready to just give it up and fall over dead lol . 
Uuuuuuuuuugh .... my body is stiff and my head still hurts . Its weird its like a residual pain , almost like its not there but theres still a bit left over . Ill be trying to take it easy today but i cant call off work so im stuck for now . 
Yay for dumb ass financial aid people who dont schedule your pell < PROPMALE > s at the right time . I literally had to call my counselor and remind her to schedule my pell < PROPMALE > ( which is the money that gets sent to me to pay for my online books and internet and stuff ) I called her today and she said that they just stopped processing it and she doesnt know why . So it was supposed to be to me by the 15th and now its gonna take another 3 weeks . Im pretty well over this whole process right now ! 
Im trying to breathe out the longing and take in the possibility . Honestly at this point it may very well be the same thing ..... i feel a certain connection to all right now and theres definitely a change in the winds . I hear them whispering but i cant make out the words just yet . Give me the strength to listen closer and find the rhythm of my true heart . You are on my mind ..... you know who you are . :) 
Ohhhhh my goodness . Its friday everybody !!! Payday is here and all my money will be gone indeed !!! Car payment , insurance , gas for the car . Yep thats all of it LOL . Its the price for freedom and being able to go whenever i want . Driving is so therapeutic for me and im so thankful to be able to do it now whenever i like . 
Talked to my oh so marvelous enrollment advisor < PROPFEMALE > Madden today and shes going to try and clear some things up with the whole financial aid mess . LOVE YOU GIRL !!! You are like the best advisor EVER !!! 
I just did a HUGE friends cut session . If you can still see this ...... good for you . Im at the point in my life where im done with fake people who i never see or really even talk to . Im tired of havin douche bag exs added too !! I need to move on and up with my life . Indeed !!!!! 
I absolutely love the rainy cold weather !!! Makes for slow days at work though :( 
<3 La Rouxs album ..... id of course heard her single bulletproof but its not the best song on the album by far !!! Amazing stuffs !!! 
Updating my girly musical tastes today ..... downloading < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , bjork , la roux , and < PROPFEMALE > apple as well as a few others . AWESOOOOOOOOOOOOME !!! 
I absolutley LOVE my puppy ..... it seems that everytime Im feeling just a bit down or im thinking too much , she comes and finds me and gives me sweet little puppy kisses and nudges . Its seriously one of the sweetest things ever !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ...... Friday is here , work will be crazy and im on grill so im gonna have to serve it hard today . I really need to get mentally ready for today , cause i have a feeling its going to be taxing as hell !!! 
Up a little early to bust out some homework before i start the day out with some work and the what nots . Going to see my baby Frater Antichristos tonight to < PROPFEMALE > out and babysit !!! Woooooooooo !!! 
Ohhhhhhhhh my goodness . Yesterday was super freakin fantastic for sure !!! Im sad that its back to the ole grind today .... oh wells , gotta make that money !! 
Those people were overjoyed ; they took to their boats . \ 
I thought it less like a lake and more like a moat . \ 
The rhythm of my footsteps crossing flatlands to your door have been silenced forever more . \ 
The distance is quite simply much too far for me to row\ 
It seems farther than ever before\ 
Oh no . \ 
I need you so much closer 
Ohhhhh my god ... karaoke !!!! Gotta love drunken idiots crooning to old bar favorites .... mmmmmmm 
Oh ... if only you'd come back to me .. \ 
If you laid at my side ... \ 
Wouldn't need no Mojo Pin\ 
To keep me satisfied ... \ 
Don't wanna weep for you\ 
Don't wanna know\ 
I'm blind and tortured\ 
The white horses flow\ 
Memories fire\ 
The rhythms fall slow\ 
Black beauty I love you so ... 
I feel sick and pretty empty inside again . Awesome !! I really must be the < PROPFEMALE > woman/babalon/mistress of chaos . I feel like no matter how hard i try love always fails me . Maybe i really am i fucking wreck of a person . Maybe im far too intense for most people to possibly grasp . Whatever the case may be im losing my footing on my sanity at this point and i reaaaaaaally need to get the FUCK away for a bit . 
Sooooooo had a great time with the boyfriend yesterday on my day off . Spent some time with just him and then his baby spent the rest of the day with us . Had a little silly jam session in the car for a bit and then of course he sang to me and played me radio head songs while it rained and thundered all around us . Pretty awesome stuff !!! Cant wait to see him again tomorrow after my first oil change on my car !!!!!!!! Wooooooo 
OMG !!!!!! My wittle face is sooooooo sad right now !!! Lately Ive been noticing some dry skin in certain places and oily black heads in others so i sought out for a new exfoliating scrub and got a little face scrubby to go with it . Got in the shower this morning and used it and most of my skin did fine but there are four areas where the scrubby grabbed the skin and tore it !!! Now i have gashes in small areas including MY NOSE !!! I had to put < PROPFEMALE > wittle bandaids on it today for work so it doesnt get infecterated !!! Uuuuuugh i look so awful !!!! 
Just downloaded pendulums best album-hold your colour AND radioheads full discography !!!! Woooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
OMFG severe crampsUH !!!!!! PIIIIISS !!! 
all the accidents that happen\ 
follow the dot\ 
coincidence makes sense\ 
only with you\ 
you don't have to speak\ 
i feel\ 
emotional landscapes\ 
they puzzle me\ 
then the riddle gets solved and you push me up to this :\ 
... state of emergency ... \ 
... how beautiful to be !... \ 
... is where i want to be ... \ 
all that n o-o ne sees\ 
you see\ 
what's inside of me\ 
every nerve that hurts you heal\ 
deep inside of me\ 
you don't have to speak - i feel\ 
confuse\ 
... state of emergency ... 
