My son is 5 years old today ! 

just got finished doing 2 financial analysis reports for client businesses . 
just got back from a 2 day workshop that the National Alliance on Mental Illness ( NAMI ) sponsored to train people to be speakers for their \In Our Own Voice\ " program . It is a program where people with mental illness speak to groups to give them a glimpse of the lives of those with mental illness . I'm tired and ready to go to bed ! " 
has survived the first day of class for his Small Business Management class on Monday nights and Principles of Management class on Tuesday nights . How long till Christmas break ? 
was elected to the state Board of Directors of NAMI-Texas ( National Alliance on Mental Illness ) 
just finished teaching another class of Small Business Management . Now I need to make a test for them to take . 
is speaking at the Washington County Rotary Club at noon at the old cannery bldg . about NAMI and his experience with mental illness . If you don't know what NAMI is come and find out ! 
is working feverishly to get prepared for a marketing class that he is teaching at University of Houston-Downtown for the Spring Semester that starts tomorrow !!!! Help !! 
My son won first place saturday in swimming ; freestyle and backstroke !!! 
Had my first meeting as President of the Rotary Club of Brenham ! It went well . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!! 
had meet the teacher night last night . < PROPMALE > is starting first grade at First Baptist Church School . He said , \I think I'm going to like it at my new school . \ " I just hope he keeps that attitude ! " 
just got my new glasses ... with progressive lenses . Please tell me I'm not old ! 
Getting ready to take < PROPMALE > to the Harvest Festival ( a.k.a. halloween carnival ) . Oh , I'm excited .... 
About to go ride the Polar Express with my wife and son . 
got some steroids from my doctor for my asthma and sinuses . Hope this is the begining of the road to recovery ! 
After 5:30 pm today , no more work until January 3 , 2011 !!!!!!!!! 
Thank you to everybody who wished me a Happy Birthday !! 
Made it through the first week of school teaching two Principles of Marketing classes at the University of Houston-Downtown ! 
I am spending Saturday working on the college classes I teach . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s got pneumonia . I guess she won't be cooking dinner . 
is irritated at people who drive slow in the fast < PROPFIRST > ! The left < PROPFIRST > is for faster traffic !!!! I hope you're not one of these people !!! 
