Got the weekend off and am relaxing after lots of hours in Biloxi drinking Patrone with dark beer lol 

Has had some awesome days lately . Now its time to focus and go to work , there is a boat out there somewhere I just gotta make enough money to get it . It took 45 years but I finally figured out the lottery is not going to buy mr anything lol ......... 
Is loving the weather this morning , upper 60s on the gulf coast where the water is < PROPFEMALE > green . Work all day and tonight will be a great night to go out , have a few shots of patrone and dance a little .... yea today will be awesome 
< PROPMALE > kicked butt today ......... sold a 2009 Suzuki Grand Vitara .... what a beautiful day in paradise 
has been working alot and selling those Suzuki's 3 in the last 2 days . have fun in < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and Have fun sailing < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > you are cute 
last day of the month .... time to go to work 
Happy Easter everyone . I can be found on pensacola beach enjoying a day off temps in the low 80s . 
I love pensacola . The < PROPFEMALE > coast is paradise . Work is awesome and life feels good . Im Happy 
Got to spend my day off waist deep in the gulf of mexico fishing 
Hey Pensacola come check out the 2010 Suzuki Kizashi . It will blow you away with its strenght , excitement , and sporty elegance . Compare it with the Audi A 4 or the lexus is . Kizashi something great is coming . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Suzuki offers 1.9 percent financing for 60 months o.a.c 
Is a lucky man . When I reflect on my past and the paths i choose , i realize how fortunate i am to live the life i enjoy today 
Good morning Pensacola . Its the last week of april and the deals have never been hotter at < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Suzuki . Come check out the Suzuki line of vehicals 
Man can make a bomb that could kill mankind or walk on the < PROPFEMALE > but cant keep oil from reaching the most beautiful beaches in the united states . W . T . F 
No oil on our beaches yet . Hope never . I had a great day fishing and a nice dinner with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Oh man , my cat decided to play with my fishing pole and has a hook stuck in her mouth so to the vet < PROPFEMALE > goes . 
Cali is better . Thank you all for a great birthday 
Had a great weekend in Biloxi , Mississippi with < PROPFEMALE > . Stayed at the IP friday and saturday night , it was very nice . Now back to work . 
Woke up this morning and found myself #1 in the nation with Suzuki , Now it's time to keep on selling and stay #1 . It feels good ............. 
So < PROPMALE > the weather man from the today show is live on Pensacola Beach this morning . Oil is 7 < PROPMALE > from the whitest sand in the world . HEY BP you greedy pigs ... you ruined our waters our fish and our beaches ... < PROPMALE > l out of neglect . These CEOs that keep lying have made millions ... But you cant replace a fliping battery that would have prevented all this . \ 
This Sucks 
I am so happy it is scary . I love my home in pensacola . I love the man I am today and I love my friends and co-workers . < PROPMALE > Smith you are the best sales manager I have ever worked for and Thank you man , I am loving this ride I'm on 
well my run down trailer , i have spent the last 3 years under your roof . people have asked why I stayed with you for so long , you have been my home but the time has come and Im leaving you for a nice brick house 
Loving my new house and hoping every one has an awesome weekend in paradise 
It is so hot ................. outside 
2500 birds died in the last month along the gulf coast . I like thinking I can take a grandchild for a walk on the beach and see the pelicans . If Man is not careful it is momments like this that will be taken from us . 
I am finally getting over being sick . I must be getting old cause that was the worse guk I've experianced in many years . 
having some awesome days ....... nice 
time to close my eyes .... this has been the best day/night I have had in a very long time 
I have some great friends in Pensacola and love it here . I have a great job and I love it there . my love life is the big question .... I should be grateful cause meatloaf said it best when he said 2 outta 3 aint bad ............. 
I was just looking at pics of my family in Salt Lake and became home sick 
Ok I am so glad Augest is over . Have had health issues recently Darn liver enzines and white blood cells are extremly high . wears a guy out .... September is my month , fell behind by 4 cars for top suzuki sales this year and I will make up the ground this month d@$m it . 
Sold 5 Cars Labor Day Weekend . Great way to start off September 
What a great Day today ended up being .... 
Suzuki . I represent a company that motivates . I work for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > who is outstanding to work for and I care about all my customers . i love my job and all the rewards that come with it . most of all I know the the good lord blesses me everyday in so many ways . My 5th year with Suzuki is October 14th . It took 5 years for me to be able to say I am americas top sales rep. Dont make me the best but it sure feels good 
I continue to be blessed each day . One of the greatest discoveries I have experianced in my life is the rewards the good lord shares when I as a child of God became humble and opened my heart to the lord as my savior . 
I want to know how many people believe that the United States has the technology to see everything , everywhere . Crime could be eliminated but theres to much money being made in corrections to allow technology to maximize it's potential . 
It's Monday and the weather feels so good .... going to have a great day 
At 3 am I am going fishing ... maybe I will get to experiance the thrill of catching a < PROPFIRST > .... hope I dont get sea sick lol 
I had the best time yesturday .... Found a new high ... and what else can I say . I am 46 years old and I finally found paradise 
whats happpppppeennnnning 
So 10 months are over for 2010 and I am still ranked #1 in the nation for suzuki sales . I think I can I think i can 
Man changes at work ... Whats wrong with being satisfied with what you have and remaining loyal to the man who signs my check . What makes people think it's better down the road . 
Ok I'm lovin this Cd If you have never listen to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > you need to check his music out . My favorite song is Girl I wanna lay you down ..... 
I am so happy this holiday season . I have so many great things happening in my life . I wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving . I miss my family in Salt Lake and San < PROPMALE > ..... I love ya all . can you believe this is my Grandmas 91st Thanksgiving ..... 
So it is now the last month of December and I have somehow sold 117 new Suzuki's this year which is enough to be the top sales rep for Suzuki in the United States ...... Second place has 115 so Dec is going to be a race to the end .... 
Ok what the hell ..... I moved to florida to stay warm ....... I had to go buy a hat to keep my ears warm ... this is not right . I live in \ 
Florida . I am so confused 
Yes there are plenty of fish in the sea , the proublem is only a few are ment to be .... I blew it and thats ok ... 
oh man this can't be right .... Its way cold outside .... I will make this a short day and go hybronate .... 
Ok this cold weather has cut this day short .... have a great night my friends 
ok so I am having a boring day and dreaming ...... 
Got my 9th sale of the month today and my 128th suzuki of the year ..... 
So are you sitting there on face book with nothing else to do ? if so come viset me at < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Suzuki where I sit looking for something to do ..... 
I want to wish all my friends and family a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas . Most of my family are in Salt Lake City Utah and Cannon Beach Oregon . My brother < PROPFIRST > is out at sea so a special shout out to his wife < PROPFEMALE > and my 2 nephews .. love ya guys .... \ 
And to any friends in the Pensacola Area , my door is open this weekend stop by and lets all feel the christmas spirit .... 
So I sold my 15th car of the month , God is good .... Now listening to some < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and thinking bout this very beautiful friend of mine name < PROPFEMALE > . She is so beautiful ... 
Ok It's official ... Thank you Mr. < PROPFIRST > for a great year and the cruise to Mexico That I get to take at the end of March . I am the # 1 Suzuki Sales Rep for 2010 ..... now it's 2011 and everyone is back to zero . 
Heading to Pensacola Beach for the day ...... ocean beauty here I come .... Marnin < PROPFEMALE > singing lets get it on will lift the mood ..... have a great day 
of all the interesting little twists and turns that life takes you .. the most beautiful & memorable are the ones that take your breath away ... 
Hello Facebook family please wish my brother < PROPFIRST > J Lagerquist a happy 44th birthday . He is serving our Country as a Chief Warrent Officer 2 in the United States Navy . Has served our country for over 20 years now 
well goodmorning my friends , enjoy this day and be safe 
now for all that know me , lets not mistake that I am very capable of being alone and still find satisfaction in my self and my heart but I have a big heart and I am trying to share it with you .... I am a caring man who brings no harm only thoughts of love and happiness . I have never been on a cruise and Mr. < PROPFIRST > was kind enough to give me one and the ship leaves mar 31st . 
just did an interview with ch 3 news friends so please check it out .... today is my big day .. lots of emotions . gratitude , humble excited and nervous all in one .... 
handed in all the info for the Cruise today . I am so excited and I'm sure < PROPFEMALE > and I will have a blast . It will be nice to spend 4 nights and 3 days just me and her ....... 
< PROPFEMALE > Spears\ 
You and I wake up in a police cell together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? \ 
If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think 
SOOOOOOOooo ready to get on that cruise ship come on mar 31st ...... come on < PROPFIRST > lets goooooooo 
Good Morning Facebook friends and family and for all those enjoying the first day of spring here in the pan handle , we are being spoiled with a beautiful day . I am spending my day at work till 6 then off to Seminole Alabama .. The Cruise is right around the corner and I am so excited ... Cozumel see you in 13 days . 
Delivering a new Grand Vitara to a customer in Atlanta 6 hr drive one way ..... what a beautiful drive 
So for the last few years I have focused on purpose and stability ... figured out the stability thing and now I feel the circle is complete and I feel so excited and blessed . 
I am going on a cruise in 5 more day's , I am so excited ...... Cozumel Mexico ..... no work 
ok my facebook friends will get back with you all after the cruise .... and please say a prayer for < PROPFEMALE > , She is suffering from cancer and recieved tough news yesturday . 
