So this is face book eh ? interesting ... 

Thinking about getting a new tatoo 
kicking it at ING . i love this place 
Havn't been on here for a while . forgot what to do . guess i'll drink 
F-ing tired 
Fucking hates everybody . Everyone can go fuck themself(unless your on my friends list ) 
Cant sleep 
Got off work early damnit ... 
Busy on his day off . Figures 
Cant sleep , has headache . Awsome ! 
Support your local green house gas emmiters ! 
-yawn- 9am is too early 
Vikes suck 
First day off after 7 longs days in a row at work . SWEET ! 
Holy Crap . I was playing fetch with my Cat , throwing a Q-tip he likes to play with . OUT OF NO WHERE HE JUST ATE THE WHOLE THING ?! stupid ass cat ! 
Just watched the < PROPFIRST > Moore interview on Hannitys America ... and yeah , Moore just waisted 30 minutes of my life spitting out noncence 
off to work 
So after I funny look from Tash . I looked back and said \what ? im just eating my muffin\ " IT WAS A REAL MUFFIN " 
Slept for 11 hours and still feels like shit 
Its time for bed 
Bleh , woke up yesterday sick . Haloween came ane went . I never even noticed it was a holiday 
Needs Sleep . Feel's like crap . goodnight ... 
So the House passed the health care < PROPMALE > . That sucks 
Meh 
Hungry 
There are several different types of feathers . 
Snow ... Guh The white demon is alive again this year ... 
Is off to work and has no money for gas . 
Is tired an bleh 
cant sleep 
What a lazy day of not doing anything important ... 
Senate passes the < PROPMALE > care bill ... Lets just keep digging that grave into a socialist uptopia ! < PROPFEMALE > Fing Christmas everybody ! You all get higher taxes and an extreme downgrade in your quality of health care ! But hey atleast their intentions are good right ? \The worst things imanginable were done with the best of intentions \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
So I had a F-ing weird dream where I was at work and my head got cut off some how . Instead of waking up I kept dreaming on where the only way I could keep myself alive was to hold my head in place . At one point i wasnt holding it in place right and i started to suffocate . Yeah it makes no sence , but I woke up later feeling really nausiated and disturbed . I keep rubing my neck to make sure my head is where it should be 
\: )\ " At the end of sentences so you cant get mad :) " 
Got rid of texting so don't bother texting us , we won't get it 
Light Green 
Has to work tonight . Why must I need money ? It takes away from my laying around and playing video games and hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > time ... 
Supporting Breast cancer is great and all but it seems like the whole thing about posting up your underwear color was started by a guy to get his jollys off . 
Just got paid and only has 40 bucks bucks left after bills ... It just aint right 
Geeze people are gunna be pissed if the vikes don't win tonight :) 
Damn I can't wait for the new < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland movie to come out . It looks freakin SWEET ! 
Whats so bad about the new FB layout ? 
Watched the superbowl commercials online ... Yup maybe 4 of them were funny and the majority of those 4 were Doritos commercials . The one from VW about the TDI with the \Green Police\ " in it actually just made me mad " 
Happy Birthday Tash !!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
Hopes Tash had a good bday . Good food and good company earlier tonight usually makes for a good day :) 
was just reminded that he hasn't watched the Red Green show in a long time . Definatly one of the greatest shows ever made ! 
Been going threw some really old blogs I wrote on MySpace . :) 
lets get this party started !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11 
is slowly piecing all of the pieces from last night together 
http://www.glennbeck.com/content/articles/article/198/38253/ 
Yes - I have children .... err I mean a cat ! If you come over unannounced there WILL be toys from one end of the house to the other , dishes in the sink , and hell , there might even be food crumbs on the floor ! But we WILL be happy , and that's all that matters to us !... Re-post this if you have a house like mine ! 
geeze , we go to the bar for one drink and almost ended up having to kick some drunk guys ass for being a stupid ass . good time . 
Happy easter and stuff ! 
Is in classic rock mode lately 
Super man has returned ! 
Iv in my hand . Let the boredom commence ! 
is meh 
I'm excited to work tonight ! 
This update is for < PROPFIRST > . Don't worry i refilled the paper towels in the mens bathroom ! 
Yawn 
Is in a good mood . Got a creditor paid off and another one half paid off :) 
Holy iced coffee Batman ! 
\whats the difference between sausage and beef ? \ " ... really ?... " 
Eatin soup and sipping margaritas 
Needs to stop sleeping in so late 
Lol oops . I shouldn't be allowed to use an oven 
Tea party today ! 
youtube has made me uncomfortable :( 
Feels like a good day to play Pantera really loud 
38 
Is being very lazy today 
metallica : the black album is whats playing tonight 
Is hot for teacher 
Had a good day yesterday :) 
S . O . A . D 
Air conditioning is the best thing ever :) 
Went to the jy today and saw my old jeep there . Kinda depressing but atleast they havnt crushed it yet 
Whats +hat satan ? You want your dumbass wing demons to control the masses on wednsdays ? 
Goodtimes lol 
Has been awake for over 24 hours as of 10 am 
Gunna be a long 2 days 
5 bucks it wont last 
Dremt about driving transams and my old GSR all night 
Damn you < PROPFIRST > bieber and your stupid ass white friends 
Watched < PROPFEMALE > trek got an oil change now i'm sipping coffee . It's a good morning 
Wow the minnesota zoo puts Albuquerque's to shame 
Slept for 14 hours and feels great ! 
Geeze it sounds like they are murdering a baby dinosaur next door 
Wish i had the night off . Too tired for anyone's Crap tonight 
Oil change new Filter plugs and wires . I'm ready to rock :) 
Has the Codec sound from Metal Gear Solid as my ring tone :) 
Mashed potato , brown gravy ? 
Ahh ! Craft world Herpies is on me ! 
FYI Clue isn't fun at all with all 6 players 
On a mexican radio ... 
Goodbye < PROPMALE > hello hours :) 
shatterd glass and a cut on my hand is how im starting my day off 
Just got done taking care of the cats at lucky's place . I'm in a good mood 
just realized Cinco de mayo falls on a Damn wednesday this year and i close ... 
Learn to drink responsibly Goddamnit ! 
anyone that says the government can spend my money better than i can , can kiss my Ass 
My final creditor has found me . Lets do this ! 
hey ma ! lock the screen door and untie the dog ! a tornada is rollin in ! 
GlaringTra . l . film ... That's what t9 spelt out as i button mashed 
driving all night my hands wet on the wheel do do do do do . been awake for 24 hours and counting still got 900 < PROPMALE > to go 
I haven't been in the south west for more than a minute and crack heads already asking me for money 
is in the Sedona arizona area and has no signal . being here makes me miss the desert . its too bad the people really suck for the most part 
I'm Gunna be in the Burque in about 5 hours . For today only 
watched Avatar and was disappointed . tried to watch loose change and got really bored 
On route 66 
I'm in liberal kansas and i'm watching my wallet very closely 
Another day of driving :( i can't wait 
Kansas sucks . Not only are there toll roads but saw on the news they are raising sales taxes 
Is mentally exhausted and might be getting sick . I need rest 
FML these cats are driving me crazy ! 
Jp . dg t.t qj . + . +tpm . + @jgt ! FML Ahh ! Fuck ! Damnit ! 
Geeze we need a vacation 
Our electric < PROPMALE > is only 19 bucks ! Hell yeah ! 
Feels like moving to Arizona 
\what was the husband's name from < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > plus 8 ? oh yeah < PROPFIRST >!\" - < PROPMALE > in a tired stupor :) " 
Sweet child of mine wearing cheap sun glasses 
Damn this humidity . I miss the desert ... 
Just drove a jet ski for the first time today . It was awesome ! 
Bleh record highs today . I'm not going anywhere 
Wish i slept more last night 
well that was a long ass day 
Gunna make like a jeep and get hitched today :) 
If i go crazy will you still call me superman ? 
Got laundry done today . Damn it feels good to be a gangster ! 
Learn to drink responsibly god Damnit ! 
Off to work i go 
Rock and roll ain't noise pollution ! 
Already been a whole week of marriage 
Is in need of a good adrenalin rush 
Would you like bone in or bone out wingS tonight ? What's the difference ? - dumb customer question of the night 
Living the Freakin dream 
Wants chocolate Damnit 
Just heard i mixture of lady Gaga and metallica ... no just no 
Hoop there it is ! Boom shaka laka ! 
Wal mart rules 
< PROPFIRST > i encourage your bad idea fully :) 
is suddenly down with the sickness 
Has been awake for about 26 hours straight . Somehow this has been one of the most productive days we've had 
My phone informed me that my memory was full , so I put most of the pics i have onto Face Book ... ENJOY !!! 
Bleh . Its Gunna be hard to make it threw Obama's speech without Puking a little 
Is really disappointed to find out the older skyline at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s apartment is an automatic :( 
happy fathers day to those of you who decided to stick around ! 
Is feeling good and is ready for work ! :) 
Can't believe how bad Planet Terror sucked 
Blah ! I hate chafing ! 
Support your local green house gas emitters :) 
Lucky's Place Animal Shelter is hosting a massive garage sale and it is coming to a close this weekend ! ( 8am-5pm Address : 1550 95th Ave Sauk Rapids ) We're raising funds for an intake/infirmary room for our new arrivals and those who require some extra TLC . Cost of the project is about $4 , 500 , any donations would be greatly appreciated . 
Is thinking about getting into the black market due to the government banning incadecent light bulbs in a couple of years 
Humidity blows 
Air conditioning , i love you < PROPFEMALE > much ! 
Thinks the re make of the song bad company kinda sucks 
I guess i never got the memo ! 
Anyone else hear about the supreme courts decision regarding chicago's gun ban ? 
2 hours later my hand hurts along with a headache . Pain can give me a break today 
So after a couple hours in the ER turns out to be nothing . Sigh 
Pinche chingow ! 
Making pancakes for breakfast :) 
< PROPFEMALE > sticky and sweaty ... :( 
Its a good night to play Pantera really loud 
What is it about pink < PROPMALE > that just kicks so much Ass ? 
Might be my last night at the hut for a while 
Why do these Fucking mosquitoes keep biting me on my fingers !? Fuckin Ass holes ! 
Jeeps rule ! 
Fucking A ... 
Geeze worked kicked my Ass today 
Is it just me or are morning shows really annoying ? I just wanna hear some Freakin music on my way to work 
Is developing a tan line from my wedding ring :) 
first day off in a while . 
And Tash made 36 bucks today at < PROPFEMALE>'s garage sale ! Thanks again < PROPFEMALE > for the invite ! 
In soviet russia pants Pee on you ! 
Working at the hut tonight . Just like riding a bike 
Gunna be some nasty weather today ... 
shake it like a polaroid picture ! 
Strobe lights lie ... 
On my way to my first job in my new work truck :) 
Nodding my head like yeah ! 
Why are elevator rides so awkward some times ? 
Wasn't supposed to have today off but thought i did ... oops 
It's pay day for me baby ! :) now the next 2 week wait begins ... 
Just got done watching v for vendetta again . I forgot how awesome that movie is ! 
Just drove my car for the first time in a month , Geeze i guess i don't have a lot of use for it now ... 
Tomorrow's pay day baby ! 
Geeze why does green day suck so bad ? 
On my way to Willmar today . This sucks 
Had a good breakfast today 
Is watching the squirrels , and they are < PROPFEMALE > 
Good thing < PROPFIRST > isn't working tonight .. he would have made no money 
Yes ! New Walmart grand opening today ! 
Working in < PROPFEMALE > today wasn't too bad 
Just had an office space moment at the shop while makin copies . \why does it say paper jam when there is no paper jam !... piece of Shit \"" 
Bought an xbox halo and halo2 yesterday 
Hi ho hi ho off to work i go 
Can't wait to have a Freakin beer 
Grumble 
10 minutes and counting waiting for a stupid train to move ... i don't miss the east side 
Could go for some corona right now 
Lol hair cut fail 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > today ! 
Just saw the biggest wiener in my life ... and it was awesome ! 
Aww moss and farve on the same team ... how romantic 
I hope all winter is this nice out 
You and I wake up in jail together , using only FOUR words , what would you say ? Leave a comment ... Then copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things yourfriends say ... ( if you make a comment , you have to put this as your status . Fair is fair . ) 
Kinda funny how my new job gave me a raise , partly for good customer service and compliments from customers , right after pizza hut fired me over one BS complaint 
Time to get this party started 
Is the kind of guy that'll watch PBS but never donate :) 
Road trip time ! In Willmar all week ... 
Actually found somewhere i dislike more than cloud ... Willmar ... 
Fuckin A man . Haven't seen wind this bad since i was a kid in the desert 
ShitMyDadSays \He's a politician . It's like being a hooker . You can't be one unless you can pretend to like people while you're fucking them . \"" 
Worst week ever ... 
Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
\the cabs are here ! \"" 
Happy halloween i guess 
Fuck 
Would vote if there was anyone worth voting for 
Its get the annoying political ads off of tv day !!! 
Never thought id say this but its good to be back in cloud 
Isn't going to vote just for the sake of voting . If we keep swallowing our vomit and voting for douche bags we don't like regardless of party , we're just going to keep encouraging the same ol ' crappy politicians 
Alright elections are over ! I dont even care who won , but THANK GOD we get our normal commercials back ! 
Isn't mentally capable of working today 
It's friday ! 
Best work day ever ! 
Vikings ... lol 
Friday almost here ! 
Just wanna say thanks to all the veterans i know ! 
It's friday time ! 
Turned in paper work ... 3 day weekend baby ! 
So much for going out today , we're iced in our parking lot 
It's The Walking Dead time ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! Be safe of the icy roads today ! 
Time to get the Hell outta dodge 
Got our tree up . < PROPFEMALE > christmas ! 
\customer is deceased\ " ... i don't need to know that when i go disconnect their cable ... " 
Gas over 3 bucks a gallon again ... 
Syfy please stop making movies ... 
This raises awareness how ? but whatever Vegeta rules ! 
In < PROPFEMALE > today . Guess i don't mind a small road trip today 
The swiffer vac is a great invention 
all i want for christmas is to find this fucking oyster ! 
Hey Vikings how about you stop sucking and win a Freakin superbowl before we decide if you deserve a new stadium 
It's kinda funny . St cloud isn't as bad anymore since i stopped delivering 
Holy crap i suck a bejeweld blitz 
Ouch Vikes 40 - 14 ? 
Snow ! 
Anyone else out there agree with me when i say white castle isn't all that amazing ? 
Well that was a nice hard 2 hour work day 
Blah green day sucks balls . I can't bitch about them enough 
Guh FML 
Fuck it , i don't care anymore . I'm not working for the rest of the year after today ! 
Damn a good shower sounds good right now 
My favorite quote of the year happened today \what Fucking Asshole is it that i know who doesn't like Peppermint ? \"" 
Freakin ' balls it's cold out lately 
can it be spring yet ? 
blah 
getting taxes done before the 2nd month is a great feeling 
Aparantly it's bubble wrap appreciation day ? 
Has a guilty pleasure and its name is Jersey Shore ... 
Geeze Fergie way to F-up a great Guns n roses song ... these half-time shows suck ... 
doritos still the best commercials 
nothing like a good ol cup of coffee to ease my headache 
trying to write a note , but nothing comes to mind ... so i'm going threw other people's notes 
4x4 is amazing , thank God we own a Jeep 
Got a summons for jury duty , lame 
is 26 tomorrow .... how did that happen ? 
Thanks for all the birthday wises everyone !! 
well my condition is good for something i guess . it got me out of jury duty :) 
Awesome ... Dirty took a piss all over my jeans . I guess he didn't appreciate me going to Lucky's Place yesterday , to < PROPFEMALE > out with other cats 
\Black and Yellow\ " ... why does this song suck so bad ? " 
I find St. Patricks day offensive to my people . Green beer makes up for this tho :) 
Freakin tired , sore all over , gotta work today . ABSDFMLASLFwl;etrja'werjkl 
Took the day off cuz I'm in a lazy mood today . Sounded like a good idea at the moment , now I'm worrying about my pay check ... 
My new phone makes me feel stupid 
Nice just found a new dent in my work truck . No idea where it came from . Boss isnt gunna be happy 
Just checked out www.davidvee.com to see whats new 
Stupid early morning vet visits ... 
Grumble ... what a stupid day 
So I put m hands up , they're playing my song ! 
Well besides the lack of sleep and possibly getting infected with lyme disease from a deer tick . I had a great easter weekend 
Being sick is lame 
Hope everyone had a good easter weekend 
I don't care if people copy my statys 
I have the best wife ever 
Am I the only person on here that , 100 percent , doesn't give a crap about the < PROPMALE > wedding ? 
I think I need to find a night job . Its in my nature to be up all night . Were going grocery shopping at 1am 
In the famous words of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s brother , \Thanks I could help bro ! \"" 
Stupid ass drunk people buzzing us at 3 in the morning . Not gunna be able to fall back asleep now 
Awesome , tash goes in the kitchen to get us breakfast and comes back with ice cream . Coolests wife ever ! 
The game Angry Birds has taught me that pigs are jerks and deserve to die 
Hellz yeah , mango salsa pork chops tonight ! 
Alright our first box is packed , moving is underway ! 
This F-ing app for my droid is ruining my life ! 
Lmao . Tango was sleeping on the bed and just let one rip . Haha 
People scared of heights and/or spiders couldnt do my job . I was coverd in spider webs today 
Dont forget the end of the world starts this week . I'm planning on quitting my job and singing kerokee 
Wonders if anyone on here actuall believes the end of the world begins tomorrow 
Some authentic mexican food sounds freakin ' amazing right now 
OT all day today baby ! 
Well that was a fun rapture . Now what ? 
Is in the mood to do some apple . Battin ' 
Has learned in his life that wisconsin dairy products are like when you work with someone who is just as good as you are but they only think they're better . 
Had an awesome first year anninersary with my beautiful wife ! Thanks to all the people that gaves us congrats ! 
I'm too old to be moving . Today is gunna be fun 
A huge thank you to < PROPFIRST > Giese for helping us move . You definatly saved our butts 
F-ing A . I'm never moving again ... 
14 hour work day today , and still didnt hit over time for the week 
Is doing his best to keep his wife happy today . She is having an \angry hate spiral\ " kind of day " 
Aww yeah . Doesnt get much better than mongos 
Stuck in a traffic jam . I just wanna go home ! 
back in benson again today ... work is just kicking my ass this week 
Drove about 220 < PROPMALE > today for work . I'm beat 
\You kids stop monkeying around ! \ " just a little inside joke " 
Only been awake 2 hours and it's already an F'd day 
Has officially been at my job a year as of today 
So after trying to wipe our computer . I accidentially ran the restore cds from an old computer . Now our computer is officially in a coma ... oops . Any suggestions ? 
The Dirt-Rat now has new worries as he comes face to face with his new nemesis ... THE LAPTOP ! Will he ever get < PROPFEMALE>'s attention again !? 
Crazy weather today . I went from sweating bullets to almost getting killed in a tornado 
Working for a utility company is crazy after a storm 
Geeze , what a crazy day . I got to go into blocked off areas to work on some downed lines . St cloud looked like a small war zone 
Finally , after working 6 years straight on the 4th , I got to watch the fire works with tash :) 
Is every damn shufflin'! 
Sweet another storm is coming ... 
\you like dags ? \"" 
Is gunna enjoy a well deserved day off with Tash and his sister-in-law 
Had the best day ever yesterday 
I hope today is better than yesterday 
Anyone else try google+ yet ? I can't say I'm that impressed 
Tried a spoon full of Miracle Whip and some diet coke together , out of curiosity , last night ... I don't really recommend it . 
I keep forgetting to ask if anyone needs a Google + If so send me a pm 
Gunna be in fergus falls the next 3 days . Its gunna be weird being away from tash and the cats 
Off to Fergus Falls ! 
k , jmsxhdcm 
Let it rain 
Feels like messing around at 9 mile hill 
For you people on bicycles . If you wanna share the road with us cars then follow the same rules like stopping at stop signs . If you blow threw a stop sign , dont get all pissy if you almost get hit 
Has discovered luchianos pizzeria . Good stuff 
Minecraft > WoW 
And today marks the beginning of working a month and a half straight 
I was elected to lead not to read ! 
... migrane . This sucks 
Sweet got off work early . Its funny when a 12 hour day is an early one . Already at 4 hrs OT and still have 3 full days to go this week 
I need a vacation 
Well that was a fun 80 hr work week . No days off for me in the near future 
Keeps getting luchianos version of < PROPFIRST > deliver to me ... this keeps up , no more luchianos 
dont even have time to catch up on everyone's status updates . I only have time to log on and post a pointless one up . 
off to work i go 
\day-off\ " ... Wtf is that again ? " 
Finally had a day off yesterday . It was pretty awesome . Went to Ikea and got to see some good friemds 
Is doing an install for the wing street bandit . I better make sure i lock my truck while im here . He says hi to the old hut employees btw :-) 
Actually bought something for myself last night on impulse ... now my check book hurts but it was worth it 
Geeze 2 days off in a row . I'm not sure what to do with myself 
Lol vikings 
Some peoples children should be downed at birth 
