misses < PROPMALE > , Portland , and Portland weather . 

recently learned things that he likes : earthy-toned clothing , simply-prepared food , and music that evokes positivity . Uh-oh , am I turning into a hippie ? 
got lucky on Blackjack last night ( four 21's in a row , every other turn ) and then it went downhill . Not played for money , thankfully . 
Farewell , Mrs. Aquino . 
thanks to all for the b-day wishes . 
is very , very restless . 
- May this week be well spent and positive . 
foresees self overreading everything . Help . 
dropped a class and is guilt-ridden ( or something else ) after speaking with the instructor . 
- feeling low , slight headache ( typical < PROPMALE > worktime ) . 
It's the weekend ! Live it up ! 
is mildly unhinged -- in a happy sort of way . 
is a little sick but more worried about getting things done and out of the way . 
- currently burned out ( with a shifting internal temp . ) . 
- essay writing is never easy 
is addicted to music . 
- so much to think about : haircut , halloween , daftball ( Y/N ? ) , and contending with readings . 
went to see < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Dickman's poetry readings . Personally , I liked < PROPFIRST>'s poems more . Your opinion ? 
is losing my way . 
- really bored ( and/or tired ) with work , like I want to hit my head against the table out of frustration . 
is feeling narcoleptic . 
< PROPFEMALE > Keller was once asked what she would have : sight or hearing . She chose hearing and , were I blind and deaf , I would too . What would you do in her situation ? 
is in need of a year off , but wants to put it off ' til after graduation . 
' s mind has checked out for the weekend . 
is thankful for family , friends , and college life ( otherwise , I'd be really bored ) . 
needs help getting through this week . 
- work ends in a week . 
can't stop the twitching . 
is stuck in a rut . have high hopes for spring sem . 
late night , summer in the city ( my home city ) , sitting , feeling jittery . 
- no buses to the airport this winter break ?! It would be awesome if anyone going home this Friday ( 18th ) is willing to split a cab with me . I'd like to schedule the taxi at 9 or 10 am . 
is currently in < PROPFIRST > Kong . Nice airport ; can't wait for the noodle bar to open soon . 
is perpetually annoyed at home . 
- my sister says she is playing with her eyes because she is bored . That's my life . 
- happy holidays . 
can't access Paideia schedule . Someone help please . 
comes back to campus in two days . 
- What nonfiction books from last year do you recommend ? 
feels like a dog in Seligman's experiment . 
- lesson learned : music heals a rough day . 
Out of sight , out of my mind . 
- apathetic 
- academy awards , please don't let me down . 
- class is canceled again , and once again it works in my favor so I can get work done now . 
- To all , have a fun spring break . 
forgot it was daylight savings today . Shoot . 
is sick , the coughs and feverish spells , please go away . 
- the one good thing about being sick : time slows down . 
- a fire dancing show is never dull . 
is feeling slack , with heated boredom emanating . 
is off kilter and needs more to do ; also searching for a lost dark gray jacket , last seen in SU Sat night . 
found the gray jacket . All is right with the world , well , my world anyway . 
will miss the seniors , even those I don't know at all . 
- when studies get you down , look at Renn Fayre photos . 
rough times , hope I passed ( barely ) . 
- bye seniors . miss you . 
feels bummed . 
- moving out 
loves life in the apartments . 
takes it all for granted . 
needs to do more . 
- nat'l doughnut day ! Yeah for silly holidays ! 
is so ready to go back to OR . 
is real shaky from traveling . 
wants to borrow a copy of Larsson's the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo from \ 
someone . 
is moody like a head case . 
<3 DJ by alphabeat . 
: my ideal evening ~ warm minestrone soup with a veggie sandwich , sipping lemonade , and listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s new album . 
' s exhausted . 
had a dream last night that Arrested Development returned to TV with the whole cast but it was set in Hawaii instead . Awesome dream or nightmare ? I have no idea . 
knows my limits and my faults , so leave me be or I will scream . 
in a meh mood , needs initiative . 
is liking all the first-years but a little voice is compelling him to be a dour , sullen senior . * help * 
sat in one of the library thesis desks - and couldn't stop smiling and LQTM . 
always seeking new music - and felines . 
- if you are looking for an on-campus job and are free MWF from 1 to 4 pm , talk to the college mailroom . 
knows his adviser now and is shifting back and forth between giddy and worry - but deliriously giddy now . 
needs a proxy for library thesis desk lottery on Wed . at noon . Also someone to share a desk with for the rest of the year . 
' s dad , mom , and brother will be on campus today at 6:30 pm . See them in Sullivan . 
- scratch that ; my dad , mom , and brother will be over at like 10:30 pm . 
feels ill-equipped . 
Sorry to have wasted your time , but hey I wasted mine too . 
new temporary work aspiration : restaurant host . 
- running , crunches , and a shower makes everything better for a while . 
feels drunk -- from the incoming fall break . 
is in need of motivation and a life . 
really wants out . 
- campus mailroom is looking for three people to help ship out < PROPMALE > magazines next week ( Wed-Fri ) . Must be available for shifts from 9 am-1 pm or 1-4 pm . If you can work at least 1 shift on 1 day , that's fine . Please inquire at mailroom window . 
has a short attention span and a < PROPFEMALE > for simplicity come end of May . 
can't complain . 
would like to borrow a hair dryer . 
needs some individuals who have free time to test my psych survey this weekend . 
on a different wavelength than others . 
= hail : it's not snow , but it's close enough for me . 
- tired hands and stiff wrists from typing . 
- do something . head out . 
mind's crazy + bored . 
has extreme jet lag . the rooms are spinning around and I can't stand still . 
is home and overwhelmed to the point of headaches . 
is less than six feet away from the sea's edge , seeing sparrows , reading Murakami , and enjoying the quiet and the ocean wind . 
was sprayed by my house's toilet tank and then slightly shocked by the light switch . I'm ready to go back to Portland . 
Happy new year ( in five hours) ! 2011 will stay be annoying though , but with better surprises ! 
day 2 of 2011 ~ dizzy , haven't slept in over a day . 
is off to jury duty . They wouldn't pick me though ; too immature and youthful - it wouldn't look good for the courts . 
wishes for snow showers . 
read Outliers , wants to work in finding patterns now . 
didn't expect other Reedies to talk about the zodiac sign shift . Also , still a < PROPFIRST > - and a Dragon . :-p 
