It is better to suffer wrong than to do it , and happier to be sometimes cheated than not trust . 

Just saw Transformers . I like the quirkiness . 
is Hanging in < PROPMALE > 
Happy Thanksgiving , and um . . . Black Friday ! 
?? ????? ??? ????? 
Done with finals :) One more semester to go 
The irony : I finished my finals yesterday , and today I finished up the Court obligations for the semester . I get home , and not five minutes later - my books for next semester arrive . 
Where does law school lead to ? The bar !! I take more classes on subjects I am not interested in , to pass a test with information I will never use again : so I can practice law . No wonder people get so nervous . Good luck to the Test takers , I will join your agony in July ! 
Scanned over 3000 pages this week . That is a lot of paper . 
Very low connectivity here in Chicago . Wifi is going slower than dial up . Staying in a wonderful 5 < PROPFEMALE > hotel makes up for it though . 
Chat has been disabled in iPad . I can find no way to enable it . It also used to work . 
The new < PROPMALE > Book Pro is now out ! Soon I will try my hand at developing some Apps for iphone / ipad . Just the pesky bar to study for ... 
Sitting in on the law practice management CLE offered by DU . 
Using iPad to browse the internet : crashed when using gmail and can't write an email using gmail in safari . 
Busy week ahead . Feeling a little better about the pending doom that is finals . 
My grandma just had a stroke . 
My Grandma is ok , but it looks like her days of living on her own are over . 
YAY Bar Application : Please Call me back Board of Bar Examiners , we are so going to be BFF's! 
In my last constitutional law class of law school . 
Sweet tornado warning in < PROPMALE > 
It is snowing ! 
This is a rough week . 
Everything is changing . Here I face a new world on the other side of what appears like an event horizon ( something I can't see past ) . There are so many options . Do I move to another area ? Do I stay here ? Do I work for the government ? And so many friends moving as well . I look forward to these changes , but find myself overwhelmed by them as well . 
Less than 1 week to my 1st final : GO Study period 
Done with Conflicts final ! 
Eating at the Buckhorn Exchange ! 
Graduating in 12 hours 
Life will be very different now that law school is done . 
Bar prep time 
Head is full ... Pushing through Bar Prep . Trying not to freak out about anything . 
Moving , falling , etc . At some point in time , I will get this Bar studying thing done ... 
Third Antibiotic in two weeks . At this rate , I am on track to sample all of the antibiotics out there . 
My pen RAN OUT OF INK . For the LOVE of LAW SCHOOL and BAR PREP 
This video is a glimpse into the future of computing . Keep an eye on this technology , because it could accelerate the information revolution . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FC3IryWr4c8&feature=player_embedded 
Retirement is constantly an issue with states . It would seem that the government MUST invest in infrastructure that will support retirement or face insolvency . That would likely require ownership of automated technology that generates income for retirement . At the same time , even the automation will reduce the jobs for the present generation of workers . What are the solutions ? 
Bar prep . The speaker today has every other comment filled with a sexual innuendo . I am wondering if a sexual innuendo gets bonus points on the bar ? 
Heading hiking . Call if you want to come 
Really tired after that hike . 
This image is from 3D4Medical's image collection - check it out - http://www.3d4medical.com 
Heading White Water Rafting : Meeting tomorrow @ 9am - Call if interested ! 
It is frustrating that the material provided the last couple days is completely unhelpful in preparing for the bar . 
Securities has great terms like Purchase Money Security Interest and Perfection . I get the terms , but have no clue how they are to be used by the speaker . I guess I will randomly spit out definitions on the bar . Maybe they can improve this class for the next time . His rambling makes it harder to learn . The monotony prevents optimal absorption of information . And PICTURES help ... 
The mastery of one's self requires mastery of one's situation . 
Negotiated $120 off my bills this month . This is fun . 
I know many of the people taking the bar in another week and a half feel stressed out . I\ 
think that it is better to fail the bar than be stressed out over it . \ 
Long term stress shrinks the hippocampus : think of that as a < PROPMALE > \ 
learning center of the brain . How is such torture that inhibits our learning ability going to help us learn to do better ? 
Does anyone have experience with mathematical models of swarm intelligence ? 
Less than a week till the bar ! 
Done with day 1 of the bar . 
Done with the bar , hopefully I never have to take it again . 
The problem with the bar application : I moved around a lot , and have a lot of references . They move around a lot , and now I have to update more than half of those addresses !!! 
To the airport 
Good time watching shooting stars ! 
Had a great time hiking outdoors and going through caves this weekend . 
< PROPFEMALE > looks awesome tonight 
I love it when a < PROPFEMALE > decides to join me on a car ride 
On I-25 for 1 mile : passed 4 police between Belleview and Hampden heading North . SPEED TRAP !!! 
Peaceful day reading @Botanic Gardens . 
The proficiency of our abilities is not only rated by our performance but by the performance of those we are dealing with . This can lead 
to errors in judgment . 
Yay xcel - no power and they do not know why . 
Hiking with < PROPFIRST > Morosini was awesome ! If I am going out into nature , there is no one better to go with . He know the area , is extremely intelligent , and a good friend . 
PM me if interested in outdoor adventures . Working on planning a camping trip and open to suggestions . 
Market economy - How a city can maximize earnings : Various offenses bring in money . There is a risk of wrongfully charging someone , which costs the city money . The best defense is to make sure that fighting the charge costs more than the charge itself . In that way , the city can maximize its profits . :) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueJcRmfweSM&feature=channel 
Technological advances allow for OLED windows . That is where the transparent window is also a potential light source for the house . In fact , almost any object can emit light if it s built with OLED's . It will be interesting to see how this develops in the future . It is low energy light that can blend into the design of the house . 
Working on planning some more fun events : For the outdoor adventure list- < PROPMALE > one this spring will be a camping trip to the Sand Dunes . If you are interested in getting the invites through facebook , message me or reply to this post . I am also building a Colorado Culture list : for things like museum trips , going to the symphony , or a play , or other fun event ( oktoberfest goes here ) . This list makes invites easier . 
In order to succeed in business , you need to go out and find people that are distinctly NOT like you . 
is awake at 5 a.m. Why ? 
It is interesting to read that 33 countries walked out on the Iranian President for his comments . The question I have though : How many of the 192 countries were present to begin with ? 
Fun Night : Hiking around red rocks - with hundreds of hippies . Symphony was sold out , so saw a tap dancing show . Then had some great frozen yogurt at Kuulture . 
Just put up a new PUBLIC calendar on Gmail !! ColoradoConnect@gmail.com . Listing different events going on around Colorado . If you want to add event , Just email the event to ColoradoConnect@gmail.com !!! 
My goodness I am absent minded . I know I live in a good area when my wallet falls out of my pocket and onto the ground without me noticing , and a nice resident knocks on my door and returns it the next day - money and all still there . 
PASSED THE BAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
out into the mts for the day - beautiful Estes 
I have had an awesome weekend . This has been a great way to celebrate passing the bar . 
for those in Denver : beautiful sunset right now 
Great weekend full of hikes ! This weekend officially ends my hiking season . 
Police speed trap on bridge I-25 exit 188 
That was my first rush hour metro ride 
So many choices , this will take a lot of thought to make the right ones 
I have my attorney number now !!! 
Message to poisonous spider : you and your friends are not welcome in my house . 
speed trap on 225 northbound just past Colfax 
Homemade butternut squash is delicious ! 
First snow in < PROPMALE > ! 
Good old UPS : My items are missing and the packaging is damaged . That is the status . Does that mean that a worker ran a five-finger discount ? 
Today is a beautiful day . It is also the last day of the class I am taking . 
To Springs goers : I will probably be in the Springs Friday afternoon / evening after Thanksgiving . PM me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
Coming soon : Thought of the day !! 
J'ai trouvais de livre français maintenant 
All you can eat sushi its sweet 
avec des “si , ” on mettrait < PROPFIRST > en bouteille 
Nothing celebrates the new year quite like jury duty ! 
fais ce qui dois , advienne que pourra 
QotD : How we Trust is the < PROPMALE > of balancing the risk of believing a lie with the risk of disbelieving the truth . 
Thought : Did you know that Adobe prohibits using acrobat in the development or production of nuclear weapons ? \ 
\ 
Next thought : How would you use Adobe Acrobat in the development or production of nuclear weapons ? 
< PROPFIRST > G Legal , LLC is officially up and running 
il n’est pire aveugle que celui qui ne veut pas voir 
Pumpkin pie , spaghetti squash , < PROPMALE > ' n ' cheese , and roasted seeds !! Tastes great ! Fun in the kitchen 
il y a plus d’un âne à la foire qui s’appelle < PROPFIRST > 
RIP Surge protector , with nothing but a laptop plugged in , this surge protector gave its last ... 
Nothing like Dark Chocolate to boost productivity ! 
Colorado has some beautiful cloud cover today 
Thought for the day : It is binary day ! Depending on how you write it , it could be anywhere from 11011 to 111011 ( Yes , it only works with shorthand ' 11 for the year ) . That means today is anywhere from 27 to 54 , and since 42 is in the middle , there is a good < PROPMALE > the universal answer was found today . ( Again , only if shorthand is the universal standard ) . Hope everyone had a great day ! 
Such a busy day . Then , on the way home , a guy was running across the highway . I am glad I saw him when he first started - He tripped IN MY < PROPFIRST > in front of my car . Luckily , I safely stopped . PLEASE DON'T RUN ACROSS THE HIGHWAY IN THE DARK . Especially not where I am driving . 
News of Mubarak stepping down was apparently over stated 
I was in the mountains today . Life is so much better when I get my outdoor fix . 
Wiki leaks may play a role in distancing Egypt from the US . -Time Magazine . \ 
The Muslim Brotherhood is a key player in the riots in Egypt and < PROPFIRST > . 
Police are everywhere tonight 
Weather : Stop being so negative 
Success depends not only on the tools provided to us , but on the feedback that tells us if we are using those tools efficiently . 
Today was a great day . Several opportunities may turn into some good things . 
Apple < PROPMALE > store beats Android market . At least apple tracks your purchases and lets you redownload apps for free . T-mobile will comp me this time . 
Listening to a panel that includes a drafter of the patriot < PROPMALE > ! 
QotD : Don't run from who you are . 
Just throwing out some interesting information . \ 
http://www.globes.co.il/serveen/globes/docview.asp?did=1000623107&fid=1725 
Are you killing people and harvesting their organs ? If you said yes , maybe you are a candidate for prime minister of Kosovo . 
SNOW 
Apparently , according to the government , we haven't completed the first week of march yet . 
I love it when the weather says the high today is 61° , and the current temperature is 69° . 
