4am . I'm exhausted . I have to be up in six hours . I still can't sleep . 

is on a wireless network coming from a house somewhere nearby . Thing is there aren't any houses really that close haha . Whatevs ... I'll take it . 
I gots some interwebs at the new house Heck Yes !!! 
I should be sleeping . < PROPFIRST > is going to give me the stern voice tomorrow . 
I'm waiting for my minor iPhone update v 3.0.1 Before I go to bed 
Last night I couldn’t get back to sleep watching you lying next to me and for a moment every last part of me felt right . 
I have like no motivation to do any more homework . Bleh 
Okay ... Got organized for tomorrow and got some homework done . Times for a little sleep . * sigh * 
is watching the Sound of Music and knitting . Gayer by the day . 
Oh lordy . Sleepy time is upon me I believe . Let's hope I wake up on time in the morning . 
Catching up on what happened at the VMA's . Kanye is trash , < PROPFIRST > is a sweetheart , and Beyonce is a goddess . She once again proves how amazing she truly is . 
Mmmmm ... I love getting up early to do some homework before I have to go to work . Also it's fantastic that the house is a wreck and < PROPMALE > does nothing all week and he left for JMU today . How awesome . 
Chemistry homework down ... Oceanography to go . 
Got up early , got to Starbucks , doing homework , then class from 9:30 - 3:15 , two weeks of tips for work after that , more doing homework ( for Chem this time ) , and then closing at work tonight from 6- 10:30 . My day is fuuuulllllll . 
OMG OMG OMG OMG just sent a MMS . It was quite underwhelming .... 
Nap Time for reals . 
Cleeeaaaaning 
This research paper is bringing me down for real . I hate that I can only use resources from the TCC database . Lame 
I hate research papers . Especially when I feel so limited in resources , with time , and topic . I wanna destroy something right now . 
Its just about time to head out for the meeting . See ya soon Store 7298 <3 
Glee ... I'm addicted . Catching up on Hulu 
Home finally and now it is time to start on some homework . Woo ... 
Time for bed . I hope I don't over sleep ... again ... It's going to be a long day tomorrow . 
\I'll be up up and away up up and away cuz they gon ' judge me anyway so whatever I'll be up up and away up up and away cuz in the end they'll judge me any so whatever \"" 
I'm at Selden Arcade Sbux between classes catching up on some Glee . Woo ! 
Glee was a hot mess and not nearly as funny as usual . Still good though . <3 
It's amazing the emotions a song can set off . Out of nowhere all of these things just come rushing back like it happened that very day . I am going to get me some sleep and hope that it's gone in the morning . 
I am so done with school .... and there is still two months to go . fml 
Paying bills is one of the most depressing things ever . EVER ! 
I don't know what to do with my hair today ... It's a mess :( 
GLEEEEEE !!! I'm watching it . 
Neeeeeed foooooood 
I seen Beyonce at Burger < PROPMALE > and she was eatin ... she was eatin . 
Suddenly the world seems such a perfect place Suddenly it moves with such a perfect grace Suddenly my life doesn't seem such a waste 
I am using < PROPFIRST>'s MacBook Pro to do my homework . It is so fast and easy to use . I totally need to switch and get me one of these . My laptop is so much slower that it makes me really sad . AND it's light and fantastic etc etc etc 
Night Night Sleep Tight !! 
The fog tonight felt like a metaphor for my life . 
All TCC classes are cancelled ! No school ! Heck yes ! 
I can't wait to see what else life with you has to bring because I can't imagine this being any more amzing than it already is , and yet I know it will be . 
I'd like to thank all y'all for the Birthday Wishes . They were really sweet and I had such a great 23rd birthday . And a huge thanks to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Mamma , & < PROPFIRST > who did all sorts of fun things with me today . <3 <3 <3 
I'm not sure when today got so hard but I am just hoping to pass out and that tomorrow won't be so hurtful . 
I am soooo hungry . Eating food ... now 
I'm baking chocolate chip oatmeal cookies for < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , & < PROPFIRST>' parents . Nom Nom Nom 
All night looong . All niiight . All niiight . And by that I mean I will be up all night doing homework and studying . I'ma be angry if this storm flood TCC and they cancel classes again after I stay up all night hahaha 
My brother busted out some Playstation games . We got caught up playing Twisted Metal II or something .... Soooooooo not getting my paper done . Oooops 
Oceanography paper done . Time to study for Chem test and Oceanography Lab Practical . Maybe I should do my take home math test first ... I don't know . 
I don't feel like I have gotten nearly enough done . I am so screwed . * sigh * Whatevs ... I'll pull through ... I hope . 
My bladded is so < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!! I have peed like ... 3 times in the past 30 minutes . I feel your pain < PROPFEMALE > . 
One day I'll be a real boy 
When people think of me I want for them to get a clear picture of who I am in their minds . I don't want to be blurry . I don't want to be hazy . I want to be defined and crisp . 
My brain is done and therefore I have given up on studying for my Chem final tomorrow and this terrifies me . Wish me luck . I'm scared I'll need it . 
Done with Bio Journal Article Review and now for a little relaxation by playing Uno with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Weee !! 
Yays ! I have some grades ! I have a ballin A in Oceanography with me getting a 101 on the final . In Biology I got a straight up B for the final and the course . In Chemistry I got a B on the final and a C for the year . I'm positive I got an A in Math . Feels like a bangin semester to me ! 
Oh my for reals . I just set my Facebook to English ( pirate ) under languages ... Let me tell you ... This is some serious nonsense/fun 
* sigh * Time to go home I guess . I am leaving this last message on < PROPFIRST>' MacBook before I hit the road . I might not be back here til the new year . * dislike * 
So this is the new year\ 
I don't feel any different\ 
The clanking of crystal\ 
Explosions off in the distance\ 
\ 
And I have no resolutions\ 
For self assigned penance\ 
For problems with easy solutions\ 
So everybody put your best suit or dress on\ 
Let's make believe that we are wealthy for just this once\ 
Lighting firecrackers off on the front lawn\ 
As thirty dialogues bleed into one 
I've needed this rain . I'm not sure why , but now that it's here I can feel it washing away the pressures of the holidays . 
Why am I not feeling so great today ? Started feeling unwell around lunch and tonight I am all blah for reals . I didn't even finish my dinner . 
I hate this ridiculousness going on with my textbooks . The Biology books I had for the first semester won't work for my second semester . ARE YOU KIDDING ME !? I now have to spen another $300 for books for just one semester !? I hate college . 
Being bored is bad for my wallet . iTunes is eating my money . 
I don't have much to do tomorrow . aka I have nearly nothing to do tomorrow . I have to find something ... 
My classes are already up on Blackboard . Yeah ! And I've already done an assignment for my online class already and the semester hasn't even officially started . Look at me all jumping the gun . 
I am going over my school stuff and my history teacher requires my works cited to be in \Chicago style\ " and not MLA . Are you KIDDING ME ? I don't even know what that is ! " 
Theres so many wars we fought Theres so many things we're not But with what we have I promise you that We're marchin on We're marchin on 
Tomorrow . Tomorrow ... It's keeping me from sleeping . Great . :) 
I am excited to be off on Friday . I think it'll be great to get some sleep . 
This is why I hate online homework ... Fourth time trying to get things straightened out with the service so that I can do my homework before it is due . 
I need somebody to either A ) Do my homework for me . B ) Work for me and give me the money and discount . C ) Support me so I can focus on school . 
It's a beautiful snowcovered morning here at Crossways . 
I need a new rim for my front driver's side . Anybody know where I can find a used Nissan Versa steel wheel ? I can't afford a new one from the dealership . 
How is that I look at a selection of items and the one I want is ALWAYS the most expensive one or second most expensive ? 
I want to be able to wear offensive flair on my apron . 
Still trying to bring my iPhone back to life . I hope my tears falling all over it are helping . Just kidding on that last part . My tears aren't going anywhere near my iPhone . 
LOST blows and I hate you all for making my evening even worse for not being able to get away from it . Keep it to yourself . 
Today the guy who is a bounty < PROPMALE > in my Public Speaking class was wearing a scarf so much better than I ever could . It has me concerned with my status as a semi well dressed individual . 
I hate the world today You're so good to me I know but I can't change Tried to tell you But you look at me like maybe I'm an angel underneath Innocent and sweet Yesterday I cried Must have been relieved to see The softer side I can understand how you'd be so confused I don't envy you I'm a little bit of everything All rolled into one 
Soooo ... Who is going to buy me a MacBook to replace my dying < PROPFEMALE > ? Any takers ? You know I'm worth it ! 
I am a giant bucket of epic fail this morning . As it turns out the article that I got to school early to work on isn't due until Wednesday . AND instead of the four labs we were supposed to do ( 16 , 17 , 18 , & 21 ) I did 16 , 17 , 18 , & 19 . I am becoming more and more tarded ... I swear . 
I just realized that at some point my fun died . I'm entertaining and all but I haven't been really truely fun in a long time and that realization makes me really sad . I wonder when my fun died . 
Good morning y'all . Time to go back to school . Woo . 
I am sooooo glad I got an extension on my Trig homework . It's not due til tomorrow but I am working on it tonight to prepare for my test . AKA I am miserable haha 
What am I doing with my life ? I'm getting it figured out slowly . Slowly but surely . 
It's spring fever . That is what the name of it is . And when you've got it , you want - oh , you don't quite know what it is you do want , but it just fairly makes your heart ache , you want it so ! ~ Mark Twain 
It's gonna be a good day and I love that I can tell already . 
I can't wait for my bio trip ! It's like having a picnic for a lab class . 
Why is it raining ? I want to be in Key Largo already . Can I sleep for a week and wake up in time for my flight ? 
Oh busy Friday ... Can I go home now ? 
Wind me up put me down start me off and watch me go I'll be running circles around you sooner than you know A little off center and i'm out of tune just kickin this can along the avenue But i'm alright 
I miss < PROPMALE > . I'm sure Key Largo will help distract me . 
Oh nooooooooo . There is so much to do yet still before I leave tomorrow ! Watch me end up over sleeping and screw everything up . 
Five hours and I'm on a plane to vacay 
In < PROPFEMALE > . Here we come Miami !! Only an hour and a half flight there . Not bad . 
I'm in Miami trick !! 
I have signal ! We're driving to Key West for the day . It's so beautiful down here . 
Just a few more hours and I'll be back home in my own bed . I loved the Keys , but I love my own comfy bed too . 
Home ! I swear ... One day I'm never gonna have to come back from vacation . 
I'm really enjoying being home . One day home will be in the Keys and I'll be able to enjoy home and paradise all in one . 
The puppies woke me up to go out this morning . I could totally use them as an alarm clock on my days off . I don't get a choice . I have to get up to let them out . 
Finals are coming . It was about time for my social life to die anyway . 
What a beautiful day . I'd like it to be warmer soon so I can start going to the beach . Kthnx 
< PROPFEMALE > is snoring and having puppy dreams . She's so cute . 
In one week I'll be seeing my brother ! 
I am determined to finish this paper in the next 45 . The problem ? My brain is fried and I have no idea where else to go with it . I'm totally gonna fail . 
Finished my Greek Hellenistic Period essay for Western Civ . Time for a coma . 
Awake ! I had nightmares all morning about Athenian society but it's okay because I'm heading to the Bux now . 
I can't wait to be off of work so I can go home and relax ... No wait ... That's not right . So I can go home and do school work . Lame . 
Is butter a carb ? 
Two exams tomorrow and then immediately on the road to pick up April before going to see < PROPMALE > graduate from bootcamp . 
Almost to JMU to stay with Ape for the night . We're totally going to paint nails and other such slumber party nonsense . And by that I mean she'll probably be studying for her final tomorrow morning . 
I'm not sure who is texting April , but she is sleeping . I need you to read this and stop it . Kthnx . 
Stuck in the car for the loooooooooooooooong drive home . One o for every hour in the car . 
Studying for my Biology Final tomorrow . Weeee ! Something to pass the time . 
< PROPFEMALE > was right ... This drive sucks because we can't even play \Corn . Not Corn !! \"" 
Up and at ' em !! Bio final and then work for a few hours . 
Going home . I wonder if somebody at home who had the day off will make me some lunch . 
This thunder storm is ridiculous . I love it . So soothing . 
Sometimes people joke around and tell me \You're becoming your mother\ " or \ " You're just like your mother\ " and secretly to myself I say \ " I hope so \"" 
Anyone who was in high school theater with me needs to watch tonight's episode of Glee . They did songs from < PROPMALE > Miz . Oh the nostalgia ... 
Some days I'm captivated in awe of the beauty from world that surrounds me . 
I never realized what kinda crazy person I really was until just this second . How do you people put up with me ? 
First day of school ! First day of school ! * chants and runs around * 
Facebook asks me what's on my mind ? < PROPFEMALE > and how much I love that hoe . We's a gonna go walkin at 3 around the lake ! 
Going for a walk with < PROPFEMALE > at Oak Lake Park . It's so beautiful out :) 
I shouldn't be watching tv . I'm watching tv . No homework is getting done any more . My brain is completely fried any way . Someone bathe me and make some soup . 
Just when I think I can't love you any more than I already do you reaffirm that love and it grows . 
What a week . Loads of beach time and I'm finally getting used to opening . 
Life is getting to be so busy ! So much to do and so very little time . 
What is the point of having facebook mobile if I never actually get push updates ? 
My brain hurts . Too much school . TOO MUCH !! 
Today was take care of the animals day . Everyone got washed , < PROPFEMALE > got a haircut , and the rest got brushed REALLY well . Everyone looks so gooooood !! 
I don't want to cl-open ! Hahaha ! At least I'll be makin that mooooney . I'm so excited for next weekend ! 
Can I go home now ? Kthnxbai 
The homework . It never ends ! IT NEVER ENDS !!!! 
There's a special place in hell reserved for rude or needy customers who come in on the regular and don't tip . Just sayin . 
< PROPFIRST > Metz is too good to me . He's so full of love and surprises . 
One Year <3 
I'm doing my best to avoid the mall since my teacher never made it to class . What to do with 2.5 hours of free time ? 
Look at me bein all active and gettin crap around the house done . 
I have the worst urge to get something new pierced 
Who wants to drive my tired butt home from work . I'm too exhausted to work this stick shift . 
Hot , sweaty , < PROPFIRST > , & gross is not how I prefer to run my errands . I gotta plan this better next time . 
If wishes were fishes we'd still be depressed and hopeless thanks to BP . 
I seem to have this innate ability to annoy the crap out of people with my good , yet I guess misguided , actions . Or I'm just tired and reading everybody wrong today . 
It is a gorgeous day ! I wish I had brought a bathing suit with me to work . 
Is anybody available to < PROPFEMALE > out Friday morning and take < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > to the beach or dog park with me ? 
Nostalgia got the best of me tonight . Sometimes all I can remember from the past is the pain that brought so much learning . Tonight I was able to look back and remember a few of the great times . 
My summer scarf look was vetoed by my twitter followers . I'm a little sad about it . 
I will NEVER work at the < PROPFEMALE > Hawk store again . I was not set up for success . Not one bit . 
< PROPFEMALE > Hawk has been redeemed . And tips are ballin down here too . Sweet . 
Closing with Cass tonight . We're so gonna rock out . 
As crazy as my life is becoming I am too excited for the joy being brought into my loved ones lives to even be too down . 
I'm in love with all of the couples in my life :) 
I think I'm going to the Wave Thursday night . Anybody wanna go with me ? 
Since I wasn't able to make it this weekend I will be up in the DC area the 12th through the 16th of August . Weee ! 
It's nearly two a.m. and I have yet to fall asleep . I am so full of fail . 
I'm so excited to be in < PROPFEMALE > Thursday ! Can't get here soon enough . 
24 hours !! 
I'm safe in McLean with < PROPFIRST > . The roads were a little crazy with that storm . 
Somehow I managed to forget my iPhone at the apartment . Got up with < PROPFIRST > before he went to work and we went to Starbucks . Sitting here chillin with his MacBook . Observing a potential store for transfer lol . 
Anybody in < PROPFEMALE > free today ? I have nothing to do until 2pm . 
I just pretend that I have my phone in my pocket to keep from having a panic attack over the fact that it's 10 minutes away from me and dead as a door nail . 
Lunch today with < PROPFIRST > was amazing . We went to Good Stuff Eatery . I'll def be going back . 
I have six alarms set for the morning . I better wake up . 
I should be sleeping but I am too burdened with thought and emotional turmoil to do so . 
Oh , < PROPFEMALE > Warwick . Serenade me to sleep will you ? Thanks :) 
So I am signed up for classes ! Good news and bad news . Bad news ? I am only allowed to take two due to complications and my stupidity . Good news ? Those two classes are completely paid for and all I have to cover is books . Rawr !! 
Snatchin yo people up 
Does your store need cups , lids , or any other sort of product ? We have it . Please call us . Take it away ! 
Tomorrow I want to cook dinner and make dessert . Anybody want to come join me for a nice evening ? 
Work from 2-1030pm . Bring . It . 
Getting breakfast in < PROPFEMALE > by myself since < PROPFIRST > had to be into work early . At least he should be off early ? 
The quality of my sleep is so much better when it's with < PROPFIRST > . I'm running on only about 5 hours of sleep and I'm fine . 
Nothing to do until 3:30 . Maybe I'll go catch a movie . 
I miss my < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > on Sunday mornings . It's so strange without them . 
I whip my hair back and forth 
Why am I awake ? I was happily sleeping about ten minutes ago . There's no reason for me to be awake . As a matter of fact I've only gotten four hours and thirty minutes of sleep . This just ain't right . 
My teacher uses the same examples and says the same things literally every class . 
I can't wait to see me brother . It's been too long since he now lives in CT . 
Oh facebook . Sorry that I've forgotten about you and neglected you . I'll make it up to you eventually . 
I love opening , but weekday opening shifts make me miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
Regardless of what we want time moves forward and things change . Things are so different than they were a year ago and in another year I'm sure everything will have changed again . 
It's been over two years but I can't bring myself to . 
What an interesting night . 
Went to bed at 3:45 am and I'm back up at 7:30 am . Weird . I have the day off too . I don't get why I'm awake . 
I need a few drinks tonight ? Anybody down to join me ? 
What a night . I'm beat . 
Having a nice slow day off . I should probably get something done . 
I can feel myself slowly getting sick . Awesome . 
Facebook Mobile rearranged all my icons . I don't know where they used to be . Just that they're in the wrong spots . * Rawr !! * 
Pops and I are getting tipsy together tonight ! Woot Woot ! 
What a beautiful Sunday . It's going to be a good day . Not to mention that I'll be in < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > tonight . 
I found a store and I have some things here at < PROPFIRST > & < PROPMALE>'s . The ball is rolling and will be picking up speed fast . 
I'm eating dinner but I can't wait for Glee tonight ! On another note , getting a game plan together for moving is a little stressful ( but worth it ) . 
Who just saw that kiss on Glee !? Oh . My . God . OHMYGOD !! Never even saw that coming . 
Glee is back on track and not that garbage it was heading towards becoming . 
Forgot my keys for open . Ripped my pants while lifting boxes . Well my morning has gone to hell in a handbag . A Prada handbag . 
I'm going to miss this store so much . The store's uniqueness , the interesting customers , and most of all the partners . It's getting me teary eyed on my break . 
My laptop is working again !! And almost all of my music made it intact too ! What a relief . Thank you < PROPFIRST > Coakley 
Starbucks Holiday rollout . It's official . Christmas is on it's way . 
I love the Baby It's Cold Outside duet between < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . The whole album in great . Island of Misfit toys too . It just all makes me smile so much . Oh Glee :) 
These past couple of late nights have really taken it out of me . I'm pretty exhausted . 
Trying to figure out how to make my iPhone work with the newly fixed laptop has been ... a lesson in < PROPFEMALE > . 
btw Not at all happy about how \fabulous\ " < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > were tonight on the show . If they made them any more gay I was terrified that they would explode in a mess of rainbows and glitter . " 
Running on like two hours of sleep . I'm exhausted . This will end badly . 
I'm totally already in Christmas music mode . People who keep acting like it's too early are really irritating me . 
Celebrating my last hour of being 23 with my own special hot chocolate recipe . 
I just realized that today is my last opening shift at Crossways . I'm starting to get teary-eyed . 
Thank you all so very much for the birthday wishes on my 24th birthday . It has been an amazing year for me with all of you in it , and I can't wait to see what this next one brings . 
I can't believe how empty my room is right now . 85% of my life will be packed up in boxes and bins as of tonight . 
Flat tire in the trailer with all of my stuff in it . 45 minute delay . fml At least we're in an area with lots of stores . 
Oh MacBook Pro . You make my heart sing with ease and joy . 
< PROPMALE > Mars looks like a hipster . Someone's deleted off my iPod . 
I remember I used to hate the Internet and never used it . I don't remember what that's like though . 
New iPhone update ? Yes please . 
I didn't realize just how many customers would miss me . It makes me really sad . I'll have to do some cameo appearance shifts in the future . 
I love my Aunt < PROPFIRST > : )))) 
I did warn him about leaving his fb up hahaha 
This Thanksgiving I am so very thankful for both the family I've chosen and the family I had no choice in , but would choose anyway . I am truly blessed to have such amazing friends and family in my life . 
Heading up to Crossways to < PROPFEMALE > out for a few hours . 
It's my first day of work in < PROPFEMALE > . Neeeervous !! 
Let's just say ... I'm going to be a rock < PROPFEMALE > here . 
Oh my . I hope my openers don't hate me too much . It was a little bit of a rough night . It's late but I think I'll crack open some wine . 
I don't want to take stuff out of boxes and put it away . Plus , < PROPFIRST > needs to organize before I can do that . I think I'll watch movies and eat goldfish instead . 
I love my new mattress pad . It's amazing and I'm gonna sleep so well ! No more rock hard bed . 
Oh great ... There's no water at the apartment . I have to get ready for work . Good thing I scrubbed extra hard last night since I won't be getting a shower today . 
Today is my Friday ! Booyah ! 
I miss Crossways . I sit here and wonder what kind of adventures y'all are getting into without me . At least I'm finally starting to get a grip on things at my new store . 
Okay ... So I'm not tired but I am just going to lay in bed til I fall asleep . 
It's snowin some hard core flakes out there , and it's sticking too :) 
I'll fly away , Oh Glory\ 
I'll fly away ; in the morning\ 
When I die , Hallelujah , by and by , \ 
I'll fly away 
Wow ... It was a umm ... special close tonight haha . Time for dinner with the boys . 
Wrapping some presents ! I def won't finish today though . 
Please have snow\ 
And mistletoe\ 
And presents under the treeeeee 
Guess who's making pot roast ? It's nice to have my laptop in the kitchen with me so I can watch a dvd while I do this . 
I'm going to clean the bathroom , so I can use the < PROPFIRST > tmas presents I got from < PROPFIRST > Metz . 
I hate waiting all day for the next Very < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > video . 
I can't wait for the people who regularly visit the apartment to see the clean bathroom . lmao ! 
Watching The Sound of Music with < PROPFIRST > and his mom & dad . It's marvelous . 
Oh why !? Why do I have to close with the girl who won't shut up and needs lots of firm encouragement to get her to do anything . 
It's so nice to be home and with my family for Christmas . I don't know what I would've done if I couldn't have made it home . 
This WaWa in Newport News is paaaacked and busy . It's already a mess in Chesapeake and < PROPFEMALE > Beach . I hope the rest of my drive is fine . 
I don't feel so amazing . I think whatever < PROPMALE > gave to < PROPFIRST > finally got to me . Or it could be that I didn't sleep much last night . Womp womp . 
No coverage at work ? Check . Customers being needy ? Check . Flat tire ? Check . I'm ready for this day to be over already . 
I want to vacation in Alaska . 
I'm having such a good night at work ! This is how things should be . It's never work if you're enjoying yourself . 
I feel like Cinderella . \ 
Do the dishes and the laundry . \ 
Josh-erella ! \ 
:D 
Oh my ! I am wine drunk haha and I am so giggly and happy ! 
Making cheeeeeeese sticks ! Mmmmm ! Mmmmm ! Good !! 
I need for my trip home to get here already so I can convince my father to give me a haircut . I'm so tempted to just go shave it all off right now . 
Pretty soon I am going to have a baby sister . I've always wanted a sister . 
I'll be home tomorrow night ! I can't wait ! 
We finally got snow in < PROPFEMALE > as promised . Made it home safe and sound from work . Who knows what kind of mess to expect in the morning . 
I'm starting to forget where things are and what light switches go to what in my parents house . I think this means I'm officially moved out . 
Watching ' Easy A ' yet again . I love this movie so very , very much !! 
Yay ! It's ' Friday'! And Wednesdays are usually reeeeaaaalllly slow . I hope I didn't just jinx myself . 
I love skyping with < PROPFEMALE > Hanson . It made my night . 
I don't want to clean any more :( Make it stop ? 
So I started physical activity . And now I am STARVING ! I need something that is filling and delicious , yet good for me . Aaaaaaaand GO ! 
The Subway Turkey Melt commercial and the Listerine commercial both have the same song and came on back to back . Blew my tired mind . 
I had to share my steak for lunch with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . This whole them working from home isn't gonna work out for me . 
Why hello 4am . I greet you with chocolate , milk , and crispex . This was a nice visit . See you tomorrow for work . 
There is pretty much nothin to eat in the house . Boo . BOOO ! Fix this < PROPFIRST > Metz !! 
I talk more with my sister , April Hanson , than I do with my brother , < PROPMALE > Hanson . Fail . 
Good morning open , my old friend . It's been too long . 
I'm totally tired . Yet I am not tired . This is not cool . 
I should be home this time tomorrow :D 
I've decided on a few types of dog I'd really like when I finally convince < PROPFIRST > Metz to let me have a pet ( at our next place ) . I'm completely in love with Standard Poodles and Pharaoh Hounds . 
I managed to add 10 hours to my 13 hour week . Still not enough . It'll have to do though . 
I love you < PROPFIRST > Metz . Best < PROPFIRST > ever . <3 
I love that NPH does the voice for < PROPMALE > in Cloudy With A < PROPMALE > Of Meatballs . Cute movie . 
Okay ... I've put off sleep long enough . I AM getting up at 9:30 to exercise and finish some laundry . Right ? 
Wait ... Glee again already !? Right ? I feel like I JUST watched the last episode . Yay ! 
Ruh Roh ! < PROPFIRST > Metz ain't gonna be happy . It's already 11:15 and we haven't even started Glee yet . 
Grrrrr ... I fell asleep early , but just woke up . Now my body is responding like I took a nap . I hope it's not a late night . 
I forgot to pick up milk for the apartment . Thank goodness < PROPMALE > Teeter is open 24 hours . 
I'm going to try and be good about taking photos this weekend and get them on FB . I'm not < PROPFEMALE > Holtje but I can try . 
I am having a great time in all actuality , but there is no signal , barely any Internet , and the movie Wrong Turn keeps popping into my head . Haha 
I'm sitting in Starbucks at Snowshoe haha . I want to get out and explore but there is so much wind on this mountain . And it's freezing . I want my 70 degree weather back . 
I'm excited about apartment hunting . we of course have 2-3 months , but having a bigger apartment will be really nice . 
I need a photographer friend who wants to use and abuse me as a model so I can has some schnazy pictures of me floating around out there . 
Once again 2am you find me awake . What am I to do with myself ? I am tired of this couch . That's for sure . I need < PROPFIRST > to stop being sick so I can sleep in a bed again . 
Picking up a shift in Rosslyn tomorrow . This should be interesting . 
I'm counting down hours until I get to have < PROPFEMALE > with me in the DC metro area ! Weeeeeeeeee ! 
IF YOU KNOW ANYBODY IN THE PACIFIC you need to be paying attention to the news right now . The was a massive earthquake and Japan and tsunami watches all over . 
Just got done having a Skype Group Video Chat with April Hanson , < PROPMALE > Hanson , < PROPFEMALE > Hanson , < PROPMALE > Hanson , & < PROPFIRST > Metz . It was totally amazing . It was like we were all in the same place at once . Made my night . 
I feel like I should be drinking tonight , but that just ain't gonna happen . 
Yay photos ! Better late than never . 
< PROPFIRST > and I went on a bike ride and now I feel terrible . He claims it's because I never exert myself like that . I claim it's because he made me eat a huge bowl of oatmeal before we went . 
I am coughing so much all of the sudden and it's keeping me awake . BOO !!! 
Babies are the accessory of the season . There are eight women in the store right now . Seven of them have babies around 4-8 months old . 
I think I'll finally go get this mop trimmed so that I can refer to it as hair again . 
Turns out a blowdryer does wonders making curly hair straight . Huh ! 
I'm so glad I have tomorrow off . This weekend has been so busy , and I am quite tired . 
I just wrestled < PROPFIRST > Metz and won . \How when he is stronger and bigger than you ? \ " you might ask . I don't fight fair . That's how . " 
I am in such an odd mood today . Not happy . Not sad . Not anything . I just am . 
I just realized that this is the last time for a long time that everyone will be in the same place for a long time . * sigh * 
Who just replaced their car's headlights on their 10 minute break ? Oh , that's right . This guy . 
What a fantastic wedding . I love < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
I haven't seen this time in ages to get up and go to work . Weird . 
I'm such a ballin opener . 
Yeah ... That nap I contemplated ? Never happened . Too late now . 
I love my job , but today I just do not want to work . 
Good morning world before sunlight . You are magical and a little bit annoying . 
Tonight is going to be so much fun ! I can't wait ! 
I'm going into DC to volunteer at the zoo tomorrow for Starbucks . I'll be there at about 7:30 am . Anybody want to go with me ? 
Why does volunteering have to happen so early !? I want to help save the earth , but is the earth even awake that early ? Night night sleep tight y'all! 
Home by myself on a Saturday night because of a migraine . At least I finished my book . 
Less than a month til we move . I really should start packing soon . 
I had such a good night with my father . We ate at < PROPMALE > 20 & walked around Old Town < PROPFEMALE > . The Swamp Wings ( fried frog legs ) were delicious ! 
I broke a nail . Lame . 
Oh !! I wanna go to the Brit/Nicki concert July 31st ! 
< PROPFIRST > Belous is the coolest guy ever and makes the best Starbucks drinks ever 
