I've alive . 

Still alive 
What is this \Facebook\ " you speak of ? " 
I don't like bad things . 
I loathe you all . Good day . 
What a to-do to die today , at a minute or two to two ; a thing distinctly hard to say , but harder still to do . We'll beat a tattoo , at twenty to two . A ra t-t a t-t at- ta t-t a t-t at- ta t-t a t-t attoo ; and the dragon will come when he hears the drum at a minute or two to two today , at a minute or two to two . 
It's too late , always has been , always will be too late . 
sometimes I want to just copy someone else's status word for word just to see if they would notice ... \\ 
Don't you have that feeling you are exactly where you are supposed be right now ? Me neither . 
Something so incredible ! Something indestructable ? 
im gay 
I hate getting stuck in front of the tv all day watching Pawn Stars and American Pickers . 
Of course Primus plays one of my least favorite songs on the one time I see them on tv . 
I guess I'm not invited to the house warming party . 
My mom has 4860 friends on facebook . I have 37 . 
There is one thing about Myspace that will always be supperior to Facebook , the surveys . 
Life = corrupt comedy . 
I didn't doodle in this one . 
Never attempt to watch Jeopardy on mute . 
I watch Jeopardy twice so I know all the answers . 
\It would suck not to have any legs . I would kill myself . \"" 
My[ass ] . 
The Social Network Holocaust of 2010 : Goodnight Myspace 2005-2010 , Twitter 2009-2010 , Stickam 2010 . 
I have a serious problem . Every time the Earth turns away from the sun and it gets dark , I go unconscious for several hours . I sometimes vividly hallucinate and have amnesia about the whole incident . Does anyone else have this problem ? How do I solve it ? 
It isn't easy being an anachronism . 
Fake it till you make it . 
I just downloaded the first 19 seasons of The Simpsons . See you in a few months . 
I don't appreciate mass texts on holidays . 
What just happened ? I look at Facebook and everyone I know has tv show stills as their profile picture . 
I suppose these things happen . 
Five boobs . 
I would rather kill myself than have a nautical < PROPFEMALE > tat , bro . 
I'm sorry , but I poisoned you wine , for the good of the land . 
Ericson ass spaghetti . Delicious . 
< PROPFEMALE > Portland . 
Steely < PROPFIRST > wants me to play bass/melodica in their band . 
Anyone who told me I should listen to mewithoutYou can go ahead and kill yourself . 
Dear Conan , \ 
I'm sorry . We have to break up . I love the beard , but your show just isn't doing it for me anymore . We had some good times with The Simpsons and Late Night , but I think it is time for a change . 
