thinks that June brings out the \ strange \ " in people . " 

EEEWWW !!!! ( thanks , but no thanks , for the visual babe ! ) Gross ! 
feels diconnected after leaving the cell phone at work . Seperation anxiety ???? Who knows . 
sampled a 5 hour energy shot ..... fell asleep two hours later . What gives ? 
FYI- ambidextrous- 1 . able to use both hands with equal facility 2 . unusually skillful ; adroit . 
Reminder : Stressed spelled backwords spells \ desserts . \ " Bring on the < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s baby . Now I really have an excuse !! " 
Enjoying the beautiful summer night with margaritas on the patio . And of course the best garlic & < PROPMALE > mashed potatoes EVER !! :-) 
Maybe I should panic about tomorrow . Or I'll just have another cup of coffee , go to bed and deal with it all as it comes . Yep , that sounds like an awesome plan !! :-) 
Has had a < PROPMALE > case of the \can't sleeps\ " and it's really starting to tick me off . " 
Can't wait for \ Where the wild things are \ " to open . " 
Has a smile imprinted on her heart . :-) 
Is enjoying the sound of absolutely Nothing !!! Silence is < PROPFEMALE > in a loud world . :-) And it pairs well with < PROPFEMALE > too ! :-) 
Time to make the coffee and listen to rest of the world complain about tired they are . 
Time is a great teacheer , but unfortunately it kills all its pupils- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Berlioz 
Boys all went to the drag strips , and I finally have a moment of peace with the sun still shining . WOW !! I just don't know what the hell to do . Oh well , maybe I'll clean something . 
is going to get up early to watch the Perseid meteor shower . WIN ! 
Vacation 1sts ..... ... on a boat ... Win ! ; ... driving a boat ... Win ! ; ... jet ski's ... Win ! ; ... camping out on a boat ... Win ! ; .... weekend without the kids ( seven years later ) ... Win !... riding a jet ski with 10 gallons of gas strapped to my ass to and from the < PROPFEMALE > , with the sinking knowledge that i am now floating napalm ... Fail ! ( won't be volunteering for that job again , any time soon . ) haha . = awesome vacation ! Work ... fail 
Is thouroughly pissed off and annoyed !!! 
COMPOST HAPPENS !!! 
He who angers you , controls you . 
Watching the same spider crawl up the wall , then fall , then crawl up the wall again for the last 20 < PROPFEMALE > . Stupid arachnid , or metaphore for life ???? Hmmm .... I think I can , I think I can .. haha :-) 
Welcomes fall with open arms , cozy sweatshirts , and warm blankets !! oh yeah and coffee ... of course ! :) 
* Saying good-bye to the mind-numbing , soul-sucking , life-stealing , excrutiatingly painful day ! ** Thank you master path , for once again stealing my will to live for 9 hours !! * Slightly over-dramatized status update ! :) ** notes of sarcasm ! Haha !!! :) So glad it is over !!! ( for me anyway ! ) 
It's the simple things ... ya know !! :) 
A \jiffy\ " is an actual unit of measure for 1/100th of second !! Be careful next time you use it . :) " 
\ ... we do not wash our pits in the pool of Sacrid Tears !.. \ " Master Shi Fu " 
Artificial intelligence has nothing on natural stupidity !! 
I am ready to see my breath outside !!! Fall weather where < PROPMALE > thou ??? 
Paranormal Activity was alright . Not great , just alright ! Monsters vs . Aliens , now that's a great flick !! :) 
I'm pretty sure that all my buttons have been exhausted for the entire week . Sometime next week they will be fully functional for pushing again . 
Why do raisins have to ruin so much of whats good in life ?? Wrinkley little buggers need to go shrivel up and die somewhere other than my trail mix !! 
Got my first , and probably only , pair of Armani pants today :) and i'm not above saying that i got them for free from a nieghbors garage sale . Haha . Not bad for something i'll probably never wear . 
Zoo , aquarium , bio ~ park , numerous train rides , and hundreds of silly animal pics = two very sleepy children , and two very sleepy parents :) why can't everyday be sunday ? So much fun !! 
\last thing i remember .. i was running towards the door .. \"" 
Pizza 9 for dinner !!! :) thanks < PROPFIRST > for letting me know that there's one right next door to me :) i never would have even noticed !! 
Is lovin ' that hemi-cuda :) 
There is no X in espresso and no A in tomorrow :) 
Can't remember the last time i walked 5mi :) tired and sore , but well worth \making strides\ " for breast cancer research !! So many strong women !! " 
Is way excited for our 60mph gusts of wind today and tomorrow :) 
Thinks that i may have found the one little straw that broke the camels back :( 
Watched \family jewels\ " for the 1st time . Absolutely hilariuos !! Brought me to tears a few times ... Who would have ever thought < PROPFIRST > simmons was so funny ?? " 
Went from 26 to 18 tomato plants in less than 24 hours :( workin ' hard to keep the rest happy :) but the wind and cold are not helping the situation :( 
Wishes there were more red , and less purple , in a bag of skittles ... 
Slowly erasing the last few weeks , one < PROPFEMALE > at a time . :) thank you friday for finally showing up !!! 
Happy mommas day , to all you beautiful mommas :) 
Enjoying an unsually quiet night in the city .. on the back porch with a cup of < PROPFEMALE > , the old man , and the dog :) greatful for peaceful moments !! 
What part of \sudden death\ " did you not understand ??... " 
11.5 hours , 500+ people , and 85+ frappuuccinos , stand between me and a 4 day weekend . :) wahoo !! I think i can ... i think i can ... i hope i can ? 
Here we go ... I just really wish i could have a cup of coffe first :( 
9 hours later , and i can finally feel my face again .... ouch :( 
Fightin ' off the wa wa's ... 
Fun , fun ... :o ) 
Aside from the pain and chipmunk cheeks , this has been a magnificent weekend :o ) to bad it's over !! 
smile :o ) 
Spiders don't bother me . If fact i prefer them to any other creepy crawly . But that does not mean i want them in the shower with me at 3:30 in the morning :( 
If i would have known that my store was going to be turned into a water park , with a wading pool and even a waterfall ... i would have brought my swimsuit with me ... poor planning on my part :( 
Dear APS super-intendent , you suck !! Sincerely , one pissed off mama !! 
Can you hear .. can you hear it ???... it's the winds of change !!! :) .. and it's about damn time , too . I was starting to get bored .. :) 
Is tired and sore after cardio & plyometrics !! And totally unmotivated for shoulders , arms , and abs :( . It's not really a day off , is it ?? 
Yay for new tires . :) Now when i take my hands off the wheel , i don't have to use my knees to keep the jeep straight . Lol :o ) 
Focus ..... focus ..... just focus nang ~ it :) 
McAlisters for dinner . Mmmmm .... then off to finally see ironman 2 !! Good times :) 
I think the \caloric\ " gods are mad at me because i ate a handful of goobers for breakfast :( why else would a steaming pitcher of non-fat milk jump off the counter and pour down my leg ?? " 
The boys found an extremely old horse shoe in the backyard with < PROPMALE > nails still in place . Told the boys to keep digging , and maybe they would find the horse that wore that shoe . :) 
You know whats worse than the Lakers winning the championship ?? Having to listen to Laker fans talk about winning the championship ughh ... not looking forward to it :o ( !! 
\i've never been to heaven ... but i've been to Oklahoma \"" 
Have you ever had one those days , where you have not only made your own life complete hell , but everyone else's lives around you , hell as well ?? Ummm .... yeah that pretty much sums it up for me , my day , and everyone who has the misfortune of coming into contact with me today .. i'm staying home now .... lol :) 
What a wonderful pre ~ dads day . Spent the day & night with the fam @ cliffs . < PROPMALE > is finally tall enough to ride the real rides :) < PROPFEMALE > awesome riding the rattler with my boy ... he's growing up so fast !! :o ) 
Got < PROPMALE > an ipod touch for dads day .. :o ) sad thing is ... it's smarter than both of us :o ( 
Sanity ??? 
Took the drive to moriarty for fireworks ~ major win :) burning the skin off my thumb with a friggin ' sparkler ~ massive failure ! :( 
Is looking forward to a day off tomorrow :o ) .... maybe ?? hopefully :o ) 
Goin ' to get the boat !! Wahoo .... happy ( way early ) birthday pops :) 
Off to cochiti to play with the new toy :) woohoo for days off !! :) 
We left with 4 people , 2 cars , 1 dog and boat . Then came back with 4 people , 2 cars , 1 dog , and a boat ... aside from a few minor hiccups ( like forgetting the key to the boat ) i'd say all went well . Lol !! Good times :) 
Fabulous night :) 
2 hours in , and < PROPFEMALE > is gone .... hoping to hold on for 8 more work days until vacation officially starts !! I think i can ... i think i can .... :o ( 
Has come to the conclusion that our resident poltergeist is from a cold weather climate !! Lol .. He/she/it becomes very bitchy in warm weather . Haha :o ) 
Cannot express in words , how happy i am to see you , friday ... If you only knew :o ) 
< PROPMALE > officially got the federal courthouse ....... wa ... friggin ... hoo man !!! I can hear the doors opening ... now it's just a matter of getting through them before they slam shut again ... lol ... happy day !! 
Four military cargo planes , each one surrounded by four f-16s each ... hmm .. a little un-nerving ! Oh well , i'm over it , on with the day :o ) 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes . Had a great time with friends and family . And to my favorite teenager ever ... thanks for the birthday brownies ( got up at 2:30 am and ate half the pan .... and had no guilt !! ) and also for letting me be a part of your celebration . :o ) 
Is \dealing with ambiguity \"" 
Tuesdays will never be the same :o (\ 
sayin ' goodbye to Capt . < PROPMALE > 
Only a little more than 48 hours now :o ) . Getting harder and harder to contain my excitement !! :o ) 
Just about 24 hours away :o ) hoping for a smooth ride , for all , until that time comes !! 
Is officially unavailable until further notice !! :o ) 
Vacation is now officially over :o ( 
One < PROPFEMALE > away from a really good nights sleep :o ) 
Summer nights that are so cold , you need big comfy sweatshirt !! Definately one of my favorite things in this world :o ) 
Getting ready to enjoy this beautiful weather by curling up with fam and watching < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland , while making ourselves sick with loads of junk food !!..... Party on !! :o ) 
Found a beautiful black kitten tonight . Very lovable , and social . Long hair w/green eyes . Going searching for its home tomorrow , but if i have no luck , anybody want a kitten ?? I don't want to take to the shelter :o ( but i can't keep it . Please ask around .. She , i think , is absolutely adorable . :o ) 
Wednesday ...... why are you such a cruel day ?? 
Is electric ..... :o ) 
That little edge is coming closer and closer , faster than expected :o ( .... i'm so frustrated i could just kick someone ...... any vounteers ?? :o ) 
m&m's .... breakfast of champions !! Lol 
Welcome to the jungle ... :o ) 
Would like some sleep .... please !! It's been a week now of an hour here and 15min there ... maybe before the oompa loompas start invading my awake time ?...... because thats just not normal !! 
Has a black widow making a home in my windsheild wipers !!.... or should i say had ... she has now been relocated to the bank drive thru :o ) 
Finally saw inception :o ) my thoughts .... it was the butler , in the conservatory , with the candlestick !!... lol .. but in all seriousness ... absolutely phenomenal movie ... :o ) 
Football !!!! I don't care if it is the cowboys and the bengals ( ugh ) , it's still football !! Soooo excited .... :o ) 
Why is it , that the 1st 6 hours fly by , but the last 5 hours drag on and on and on .....? :o ( 
You can lead a horse to water , but you can't make him swim ...... :o ) 
And it begins .... 
Here we go ..... 
When the world goes crazy , and everyone turns mad .... when all else fails ... indiana jones theme song , baby !! Works every time .... for what ?? I don't know .... it just does :o ) 
Had a awesome night with family and friends :o ) thank you to everybody who came for making this a wonderful b ~ day for the most wonderful husband in the world !! :o ) 
Wishes people would just do things my way ... lol ... imagine how easy my life would be :o ) 
Why is it , when you go and do the really big grocery shopping trip , that you always end up hungry for something you don't have ?? 
Really doesn't like < PROPFEMALE > Crow !! But i really do love < PROPMALE > Springstein ... Random thought of the day i guess ? 
< PROPFEMALE > ......?? 
Would much rather be fishing :o ) or sleeping , or even scrubbing the toilet ... and why does chick-fil-a's spicy salad dressing taste like bacon bits ?? :o ( ... ugh , i need a nap , i'm getting cranky !! Lol ... 
There is no charge for pure awesomeness !! 
It's the final countdown !! :o / 
Now that my keys don't weigh 5lbs anymore , i'm gonna lose my only key to the jeep ... i just know it :o ( 
8 hours to go ... not really sure how to feel about that yet :o / 
Good ~ bye journal center . :o ( you have brought me 5 years of stress , sleepless nights , and tears of frustration ... But more importantly you have brought me smiles , painstaking laughter , the best partners EVER , and some of the most memorable moments of my life :o ) i will miss you !! Here's to learning how to baby step through the next wave of life !! 
Way to much fun for one night . Thanks everyone , i really needed a night like tonight !! Happy \early\ " birthday < PROPFEMALE > :o ) pics to come soon ;o ) " 
It's 4 am .... I have no where to go . Why am i awake ?? I guess old habits die hard ... lol 
So ... my landlord decided to not pay the mortgage with rent money on the house we've been renting for 5 years .... Can we say foreclosure ?? Ugh ... Looks like we're having a moving party ... anyone interested in attending ?? Lol ... 
Having a < PROPFEMALE > before bed : 0 ) ... Why , because it's been a long damn week , thats why !! 
So my 80lb 1/2 pit , 1/2 husky , got her butt whooped by two much smaller , geriatric dogs and a 20lb cat :o ( my poor < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , such a lover , never a fighter !! 
Ugh ...... On so many levels ! 
Pizza and beer fir dinner .!! That could only mean 1 thing ... FOOTBALL !! It's back . 1st regular season game , saints & vikes ! let the trash talkin ' begin !! Go BEARS . Life is complete for 5 months :o ) lol .. so friggin ' exciting !! 
After so many years of not being in school , i realized last night that i have no clue what a capital Q looks like in cursive ... lol . So much for helping with homework ... 
Watching da Bears :o ) hoping the D has an awesome game .... For fans sake , and < PROPFIRST > Cutlers sake . O line looking really bad this year :o ( urlacher and the D looking good though :o ) . Hoping to whoop some cowgirl ass !! 
Oh yeah , baby !! Big win for da Bears !! Cowgirls must have been a great lunch !! 2-0 start . Cutler looked good , defense , awesome ... again . Just hoping for some changes on o-line . Pack next mon night . Gonna be a nail biter !! 
You load 16 tons , what do you get ? 
Found a sun scorpion on the wall at my front door !! So cool . Never seen one in the city before . Taking him out to the west side tomorrow ! :o ) 
Bears and Packers tonight !! The tension between the old man and myself begins ! One will be handed 1st loss of the season , the other goes home undefeated and at the top of the division ! It also determines who gets to sleep on the couch !! I love football Lol .. Go Bears ! 
Well , Bears are now only undefeated team in NFC !! Can't say we played the greatest game we ever played , but the Pack sure helped us win with 152 yards in penalties !! A W is a W , right . I'll sure take it .. lol Go Bears !! 
Is watching my 3 yr old practice his \street fighter\ " moves with a darth vadar mask on and a hockey stick .. lol . Gotta love boys !! " 
Gave into a sick , morbid curiosity and watched about 10min of jersey shore last night .. time i will never get back !! I am so ashamed ... :o ( 
Both front and back lawns mowed , weeds whacked , and flowers prepped for winter . Dogs bathed , dried and brushed !! Balloons in the am . Friends and some pool in the pm . Then bears @ giants sunday night !! Looks like i'll be enjoying my last wknd before going back to work . It's been a wonderful 5 wks off ! :o ) 
They say .. \if it seems to good to be true ... it is\ " \ 
Beautiful :•} 
There's a polar bear in the fridge-i-d-daire :o ) 
Happy monday : 0 ( 
Thanks to the jets and redskins . :o ) you guys just handed the bears sole possesion of the nfc north :o ) . It's only wk 5 and it doesn't mean much yet , as any bear fan can tell you .. But thanks anyway ... :o ) da bears 
Thinks that some people need to just stay out of my way !! Especially the stupid ones .. And the selfish ones .. I think that would be the best for all : 0 ) 
Found a spider in my sugar bowl this morning . I gently scooped it out and transfered him carefully to the backyard . Found a black widow tonight in my garage . I gently grabbed the bug spray and carefully transfered her to spider heaven .. Sorry widows , spiders don't bother , but you are no spider .. You are black death in my house .. Ugh !! 
Is a proud mama of one ninja and a mini police officer :o ) so cute !! Expect pictures to come after halloween :o ) 
Wahoo for Thursdays that act like Fridays !!!! : 0 ) 
Dragons .. Woohooo .... 
Time for this ol ' lady to hit the sack !! Sucks getting older :o ( lol .. Goodnight world !! 
Want instant regression ?? Just add bubble wrap ! 
So , my husband decided to create a potato cannon last night and had the boys out till 1030 in the cold playing with it .... Sometimes I wonder why I am the only one in my house that actually grows older ... lol :) 
There have been three 11 yr old girls hanging out around my house for the last 3 days , waiting for < PROPMALE > .... Would it be wrong if i smacked ' em around a little ?? And why am i the only one that is bothered by this ?? Ugh ... I am NOT ready for this !! 
It's not that hard to be kind !! :o ) 
My focus needs focus : ) 
So , after 7 years together , < PROPMALE > and I finally decided to get hitched . And here we are , 45 dollars , a justice of the peace and 5 years later . Happy 5th anniversary to the one person in this world who knows me , inside and out , better than anyone and still loves me :) ... At least he says he does ... Lol 
Back from an absolutely wonderful , relaxing , and much needed taos/northern new mexico retreat , of sorts . :o ) stayed in the best little b&b that a private rooftop deck and hot tub . Champagne and hot tub in 12 degree weather . Then running down stairs to warm up by the fire . :o ) absolutley wonderful . Wanted to stay forever !! 
Back to life ..... Back to reality ? 
Enjoying a magnificent cup of christmas blend espresso roast before bed :o ) oh the < PROPFEMALE > of it all . It's the little things , right ? :o ) 
Needs a shot of coffee in my baileys tonight !! Yah , something like that .. 
If the government can toy around with the idea of printing 600 billion US dollars to dump back into the American economy , even though it'll weaken the US dollar , why can't i ?? I promise i'll buy American made :o ) 
Have to be up in a few hours for work , but can't sleep :o ( i have a headache , heartburn , and the munchies ! Remedy ..... Ibuprofen , tums , and tomorrows apple pie :o ) gotta love your 30's!! 
Burr .. 
Bumbles bounce !!! Bet ya didn't know that :o ) 
Dinner and Potter with Mom !! Good times :o ) 
3 day weekend ... Woohoo ... Root canal at 7am tomorrow ... not so woohoo :o ( 
Root canal is done and picked up the new oven ( woohoo ) . Even got a nap in !! Feels like an eventful day off . Oh how i have missed the smell of something in the oven !! Now just need to decide between what to bake :o ) 
It's 10 o'clock on a friday night , and everyone is asleep !! Guess i'll spend my evening with < PROPFIRST > pesci , < PROPMALE > macchio , and a glass of wine !! :o ) 
There's something magical about this holiday season :o ) so many things to be grateful for !! 
Had a dream that the Bears beat the Patriots in a huge game . Is it a sign of things to come ?? Bears/Patriots superbowl ?? Or maybe , as Freud would say , it's wish fullfilment .. Or maybe it says that i have no life and take football way to seriously ... Lol .. What i am sure of ..... This sundays game is stressing me out ... Lol .. 
There's only one thing better than ka-chow ..... Ska-doosh !! :o ) 
The entire fam's playin ' hookie from all responsibility tomorrow !! So that means drink in hand , chipmunks christmas in the stereo , and tree decorating tonight ! Woohoo . :o ) 
Patiently waiting for snow :o ) 
Is experimenting with capsaicin as migrane prevention . Haven't had one since i bought a jar of pepperoncinis , and have consumed them daily . Who knows , maybe LSD isn't the only answer .. Haha . A pepperoncini a day keeps the migraine away . Lol . 
Is a cookie decorating fool .. 30 down , 40 to go .. A big thanks to the two most imaginative kids who have helped me to see that when it's a cookie , red trees , blue snowmen , and green < PROPFEMALE > canes are cool ... Lol .. 
Mission accomplished !! 
Saying good ~ bye to work for 6 whole days !! :o ) it's been 6 years since i was able to be \home for the holidays\ " :o ) . And i'm gonna love every minute of it !! " 
Already finished the baking , most of the wrapping , and braved wal-mart . :o ( now with coffee in hand and boxing gloves off , i am ready for the mall on christmas < PROPFEMALE > . It's best if people just stay away from me ... Lol . Hopefully i can go to bed when i'm done . :o ) 
Needs to be wrung out really well and then < PROPMALE > out to dry by morning ! 
You are never promised tomorrow . Remember that today ! 
The journey of a 1000 < PROPMALE > begins with one step ..... right outside my front door !! Imagine that :o ) 
It's now set !! The bears will host the seachickens next week in soldier field . :o ) !! Kinda wish the pack was knocked out of the playoffs , but at least they play the falcons before we do !! They'll be great guinea pigs ! Lol .. I love the playoffs !! 
Got called a stinky devil by a customer at work today ! Just when you think you've heard it all ..... you haven't .. Lol . People frighten me sometimes ... 
Isn't quite sure what the \big deal\ " happens to be . I don't feel like the stars have stripped my identity ;o ) " 
Bears/packers ... nfc championship at soldier field . Oldest rivalry in the nfl , only 2nd time in history ... Can we say party at the wildes ?? Who cares about the superbowl ... this is gonna be momentus .. :o ) 
Thinks every adult should slide down a slide , or swing on a swing after a stressful week :o ) . Thanks to my boys for helping me remember that today !! :o ) 
Lookin ' pretty ugly .... Time to start drinkin'!! Ughhh , so hard to be a bears fan .. 
Steelers and Packers , huh ? Is there any possible way that both teams can lose !!!! 
You know the day has endless possibilities when it starts with an oreo cookie :) 
Has been carving away at white chocolate for hours now . :o ( whos bright fricken idea was it to make a wii out of chocolate in the 1st place ?? 
The cake is finally FINISHED !! With 3 hrs to spare :o ) happy #9 to the most wonderful son in the world .. Woohoo . 
So the party was a success , i think ... Still don't know how a wii party turned into word war lll with nerf guns , but hey , everyone seemed to have a good time :o ) 
Lil smokies ... check . Chips & queso stuff ... check . Cheese balls to launch @ my packer fan ( ugh ) husband ... check . I think i'm ready !! 
Since when did superbowl sunday turn into < PROPFIRST > night ?? Why is there a red carpet ?? And why is < PROPFEMALE > aniston throwing passes to strahan ?? I'm so confused .... I just want real football , please !! 
Congrats packer fans . Great game . Glad to see the lombardi trophy back in the nfc north .... The closer to chicago , the better .. Easier to take away next year .... If there is a \next year\ " .. Lol " 
Red sky in the morning ..... 
I seem to have misplaced my zzzzzz's :o ( 
Adults .... Who says you have to act like one ?? 
Baby steppin ' my way through the day :o / 
Mmmmm ... turtles :o ) 
I could really go for something deep fried right now ! :o ) 
\ .. and his enemies would go blind from over- exposure to pure awesomeness ... \ " :o ) " 
My brain is gone . GONE i tell you :o ( 
May have had one too many , but still had a wonderful time tonight . :o ) 
People watching in the wal-mart parking lot . Scary !.. Entertaining , but scary ! 
Tip of the day ... Don't try and play golf with a baseball bat ... It gets ugly !! 
7 day weekend .... Oh ya !! 
Ouch !! Stupid detail ... :o ) 
14 hours straight on a firetruck cake ... I'm done ... not literally , but definately mentally and physically !! :o ) 
Happy 4th b ~ day to my little man ... Both boys are now a year older , and i have 11 months until it starts over again .. :o ) 
Girl scout cookie day !! My entire day is devoted to thin mints , tag-a-longs , and samoas .. oh my ! :o ) 
Stupid itunes is gettin me in trouble again . even when they're all only . 69 cents ... :o ( 
Happy fat Tuesday . Indulge and enjoy !! :o ) 
Is it wrong to laugh at other peoples stupidity ?? 
With honors even ... :o ) 17 yrs later . Haha 
I just don't wanna ! 
Mondays suck :o ( 
Has a nasty case of the ugly ' what ifs ' :o ( 
Feels like taking the midnight train going anywhere :o ) 
Who would've thought that two spiders and a money tree would make that much of difference ? 
Saturday ... I am now willing to embrace you with all my being :o ) . the 1st 6 hours didn't count !! 
Have \if i only had a brain\ " stuck in my head . Happens everytime i'm at work ... coincidence ?? " 
\Sing ..... even if you don't know the words . \ 
And ....... it's finally over . Hello beautiful bed ! :o ) 
Is raising a glass to every soldier who has been fighting the war on terrorism . To the troops who actually killed him . To all the families and victims of 9/11 . And to all the heroes of that fateful day . Osama bin laden is dead !! 
12 years ago on this day , i started dating my now husband !! Can't believe how fast time flies when ur having fun :o ) 
