I dropped my coffee all over the counter at 7eleven ... not cool 

I just realized again for the first time in a long time , that i'm better off alone ... 
Your the smoke in the air making everone choke ... 
Who's ready to do an all-nighter ? :) 
Dude I'm not a < PROPMALE > but the juniors lip-sync was beast ! :) 
ok ok im brutally bored : l 
Who knew movies would be such a big deal ?! :o 
Let's hope I don't pee this time ... gaby you know what I mean :) 
Wouldn't it be nice if we were older , then we wouldn't have to wait so long . And wouldn't it be nice to live together , in the kind of world where we belong :) 
Yesterday I walked home barefoot with my bestfriend , I have blisters but fuck it ! I had fun :) 
I admit , I miss seeing your face babe ... 
This is one of those days where you need your bestfriend :) 
Yup I think I like you kiddo . :) 
Oh get ready cause this is gonna hurt you (: 
Starlight , < PROPFEMALE > bright . Birthday candles . 11:11 . Pennies in fountains . Dandelions . Eyelashes . Same wish . Same result . Nothing . 
That may be all I need\ 
In darkness she is all I see\ 
Come and rest your bones with me\ 
Driving slow on Sunday morning\ 
And I never want to leave 
Someone told me I needed to smile more ... \ 
(: There happy ? 
Life is a sexually transmitted disease . 
I settle down a twisted up frown disguised as a smile . 
I spent my morning running away from a pedophile with a creepy eye . 
I wait for eyelids to touch so I can commence my rest , but instead I just lay there waiting . 
Who wants to go down memory < PROPFIRST > with me ? 
Are we denying a crisis or are we scared of admitting it ? 
My tummy hurts and my eyes burn ): 
I am so entertained ... (: 
Mmmmm coffee ... (: 
Walked around for an hour outside in the rain , listening to music (: 
You will hate that I never gave more to you than half of my heart . 
Such pretty weather today (: 
And if I was scared , then I would be glad to tell you and walk away . 
Say goodbye to my heart tonight ; 
You can choke on your misery . 
Tomorrow = Torture 
You can't kill your father with a toy gun . 
Cemetery , Mcdonalds , Bestbuy , Toys R Us , Fist pumping , West . (: 
I was blind to the things I did , and deaf to what was said . 
Your losing me in that smile . \ 
Your gonna make it worth my while ; lets hope you make it worth my while (: 
With my head in the clouds , its hard to see whats going on the floor . 
Dont you turn my nightmares into dreams again . 
With my instincts along with some bad advice , I'm ready . 
As I strolled down the street the wind knocked some sense into me . \ 
\What the hell am I doing with my life ? \"" 
I want you in the most unromantic ways . 
I like getting high ... on swings (: 
Sunday Morning rain is falling ... (: 
Let's just stop , drop everything , forget each other's names , and just walk away . 
I'm tired of holding up your backup plans . \ 
Go down your list and be satisfied it's all you have . 
Excorcist . Stuffed Animal Fight . Failed Smores . Fire Alarm . Little Campfire . Alcoholic Smores . Cartwheels . \ 
Made my day . (: 
Wouldn't you say that the world has spit on you enough . 
Remember when you were a madman , thought you was Batman ! 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! :D 
Stupid blizzard ... 
(: 
I can't believe I did it , but I'm glad I did (: 
I hate stupid facebook apps ... > : l 
Damn . I'm going crazy , but insanity sounds better than reality . For those white padded walls might add some light into my life . 
Now the rain is just washing you out of my hair . 
It'll be like it never happened once I leave these memories behind . 
I can't believe the drama that I'm in , the flood is getting closer\ 
I don't think they know that I know how to swim . 
So now I drown my pity , in a pool of sorrow and shame . \ 
Until the day I forget your name . 
We act as if nothing happened , but we both know whats killing us inside . 
I really need to stop over analyzing stuff , \ 
Its starting to give me nightmares . 
I took one big step and I looked away\ 
And then I thought of all the things that I wanted to say\ 
I'm always too late\ 
You never got your story straight \ 
I'm always up late\ 
I think I'm everything you hate 
You can't wear your mask for too long , for you forgot to cut the holes to breathe . 
Let's shed this unclean skin and start to feel again , cause all the shoulders on which to cry are gone . 
I said all the right things at all the wrong times . 
Yoana Avelar , < PROPMALE > De Avila , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Cervantes , and < PROPFIRST > . Thank's for a fun day (: 
