Wants to be done being sick ...... 

Happy Halloween to all !!!! Dont party to hard now !!! 
Not Ready for class tomorrow . : / 
Loves to watch football :D 
Looking for new place to live .... 
Bored out of my mind .... 
Happy New YEAR everyone !!!! 
Why the hell am i still up at 5 in the morning lol , o ya now i remember playing risk ..... 
Gah last day in Minnesota ..... damn 
I fly back to Boise tomorrow !!! damn it i will miss everyone here in Minnesota !! 
Bored out of my mind ..... 
Blah class starts up again tomorrow ........ 
GO VIKINGS !!! 
WHOOT GO SAINTS WAY TO GO !!!! 
Hope everyone is having a happy Valentines Day 
Me want football back on NOW !!! 
Making Breakfast in the Afternoon !!!! WHOOT 
Got to love the Bacardi !! 
Just got back from having lunch with my Aunt and Uncle at TGI Fridays ..... SO GOOD !!! Thank you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Just got back from getting a haircut ..... 
Wants it to be summer already !!! 
Cant wait things are starting to look up for me !!!! HURRY UP SUMMER !!! 
Blah just blah 
Got to love Muse !!!! 
Snowing in Boise ..... Well looks like shorts weather to me :P 
Went and saw Clash of the Titans and then went Go Kart racing .... All I can say is , what a good day :D 
Happy Easter everyone !!! 
Was looking for for my tools and instead i found my old year book from my senior year ..... Man the good old days 
There is a fine line between not caring and not listening . I like to believe that i walk that line everyday of my life .... 
Being sick sucks .... 
Trip to the ER sucks ...... there for hours and hours and didnt get any answers .... 
Blarg just Blarg ... 
Off to Utah whoot !! 
Just got back from Utah .... Long drive but it was worth it !!!! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's ... a man stealing smiles from her ... \ Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence " 
Fear my mediocrity !!! 
Roommate gone ...... Well i guess its time for a BATMAN all nighter !!!! WHOOOT !!! 
In California :D 
Just got home from California !!!! Long ass drive ..... 
Going over to the Aunts and Uncles place tomorrow :D 
Had a great day chilling with the family !!! what more can you ask for ?? 
Whooot going to visit Minnesota in August !!!! whooot !!! 
Had a good time with the family !! Congrats to Thiriza and < PROPMALE > !!! 
All I have to say is Germany will own tomorrow :D 
YES GERMANY WINS 4-0 !!! Bring it on Spain !! 
Happy 4th everyone !!! 
Lost the phone ..... crap !!! 
So my uncle wants Spain to win ...... Well then i guess its go Netherlands !!!! 
Kif , I'm feeling the Captain's Itch . 
Kif , I mated with this women . Inform the men . 
Whooot watching the dogs :D 
Must get some sleep ..... 
10hrs till I turn 22 whoot !!! 
3Hrs till i turn 22 WHOOOT !!! 
WHOOOT IM 22 !! 
Thank you all who wished me a Happy Birthday !!! :D 
Had so much Snow Crab today !!!! SO GOOD !!! XD 
Going to Blackfoot to go shooting . 
Good day shooting with my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Pawn stars make me want to go to a pawn shop lol ! 
Stuck in Blackfoot ...... 
Finally on my way back to Boise ..... 
Missing my MOMMY !!!! o and my sister ....... AND < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
OK so I miss my Mom , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > all equally . THERE !!!! YOU ALL HAPPY NOW ! :D 
For some reason i would like a Potato ...... 
Just locked myself out of my place and the main office is closed , but it's all good I got my itouch and I'm still in range of my wireless Internet :D 
Good day up in the mountains by Idaho City 
Nothing better then home made Pizza YUMMY !!! 
Whoot BSU is crushing VT 
WTF BSU pull your head out of your ass !!!!! 
Wow so close ....... Well better luck next time VT :P 
Boise State in the BCS Championship game ........ I think thats a HELL YA !!! 
Stressed beyond belief ..... 
Beware Minnesota i will be on my way in 6 hours !!! 
Ogden down 
Sleeping in Casper Wyoming the about 9ish hours till I get to Minnesota ... 
Thanks to everyone that came to my little party !! Thanks again to Steph and < PROPMALE > and my mother and < PROPFEMALE > and everyone who help put the party together it was a blast !!! 
Had a good day chilling with some friends !! 
Headache from hell ! 
Just got back from the Cities ..... Time for a nap ! 
Going to get my Certification for a Nursing Assistant ! Well Going to sign up for the classes Monday ! 
Bored watching ice road truckers lol 
They need to do new episodes of \Whose line is it anyway\ " lol " 
Loves my nephew < PROPFIRST > !! He's a stud :D 
Bored watching mythbusters and wants to chill but am tired to do anything 
Bored and tired cuz no one wants to chill ..... eh i guess i will just watch tv and play some SC2 
Hard to sleep when there is a jackass marathon on lol 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper \ 
softlyin her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a \ 
man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you \ 
HURTyour woman , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While\ 
...... you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing ... her smiles . \ 
Post this onyour wall if you're against Domestic Violence . 
At the doctors with mother ...... 
Going looking at a new place with < PROPFIRST > at 3 
Work in an hour blah !!! 
Bummer didnt get the place it was a nice house but o well there will be some more nice ones later .... 
Fun time helping Grandma with the flowers lol 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I\ 
know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my \ 
friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for\ 
an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still \ 
fighting it 
WTF Favre is sucking it up !! 2 picks back to back ... 
Had a good Halloween with my family and < PROPFIRST > 
Pulled over doing 52 in a 40 .... My bad . But got out with just a warning cuz i was the DD 
Really want someone to love me for me and not to try changing me into something I'm not .... 
Got to love cooking :D 
Jackass time lol 
Got to love < PROPMALE > Python :D 
Bored out of my mind 
Whoot I get to watch the nephew :D 
Alot on the mind right now .... 
Band of the day is Muse .... 
Got my new plates for my car !!!! 
Just got back from taking my friend to Sioux Falls to see his sister in the hospital :D 
Uh it's early ..... 
Whooot got my new phone !!! 
WWII history day for me :D 
Just got back from lunch with my Grandma and it was her Birthday :D Happy Birthday Grandma !!! 
Just a little nervous .... 
Got to love watching UFC 
Argh !!! Its early .... 
Happy Thanksgiving !!! Hope it goes better then mine since I'm sick ..... 
In a Blah mood .... 
Chevelle Night !!! WHOOOT 
Headache time WHOOT :( 
I love the snow !!!!!! Even though the roads suck . 
NEEDS MORE SNOW !!!! 
Feels like shit gah .. Throat is all swollen and my whole body hurts !!! Thanks a lot < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone :D 
Time for some Christmas with the family !!! Wow it has been years since I had Christmas over at my grandmas !! 
Having the flu sucks ... Really bad .... 
Just got done with my first day of work :D 
Still sick ..... This sucks 
Fucking Cheese heads ..... O well the Packers played better than the Steelers .. 
Happy Valentines Day !! 
It is pitch black . You are likely to be eaten by a grue . 
Bored out of my mind !!! 
Tired time for some Sleep !! 
So sick of the SNOW ! 
MORE TOP GEAR PLS !!! 
Blah Tired time for sleep :D 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer ! 
So bored out of my mind gah !!! 
Blah tomorrow going to take the Minnesota written driving test .... 
HAPPY ST PATRICK'S DAY !!! 
Being sick sucks ! 
We are now the Knights who say ... \Ekki-Ekki-Ekki-Ekki-PTANG . Zoom-Boing . Z'nourrwringmm " 
We all have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish : to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is ... fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour ! 
Hope things go good for me this next few weeks :D 
Crabby and pissy for no reason is fun .... 
Still feels Like crap ! 
All the Top Gear is now on Netflix !!! IM IN HEAVEN !! 
According to Top Gear my car is absolute Rubbish ! I so disagree ! PS I have a 1980 Datsun 280 Zx 
