is excited to be going somewhere already this summer ! 

is attempting to pack .... again 
is up and readdy to go ! 
its gonna be a really good night ! Great friend and lots of sugar ! 
is packing , dentist , summerfest , then going to her sis's house ! Busy day ! 
isnt feeling too well 
is really sick of the bad weather :( 
had a great day ! 
Is in Green Lake ! 
going out to dinner ! 
has to give < PROPMALE > a bath . This should be fun ! 
is packing for Princeton ! 
had a long weekend of sitting in the wind and rain 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Passed her drivers test after a rockie start 
learned a LOT today ! 
AP Chem might already be too much for me . 
is ready for the weekend already 
might be getting sick :( 
AP Chem owned most of my brain tonight :( 
had a great day and is really excited for tomorrow ! 
going to bed before a great day of testing and 17 < PROPFEMALE > classes ! 
is loving the weather , it finally feels like fall ! 
FINISHED ENGLISH !!!!! 
had a GREAT long weekend ! 
is happy ! 
Had a good time over thanksgiving ! 
its just been a long day 
stupid english paper , why couldn't it just write its self ? 
God smells like potted meat . 
Chem has yet again managed to kill my brain . 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE HOW PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!! 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = club head , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = gf/bf type , 19 = player , 20 = i love you , 21 = g ... orgeous , 22 = the best , or 23=couldn't live without you !!! See More 
is starting to feel the stress 
TWIRP was AWESOME ! I had a blast ! 
Apperently no DC for another month :( Stupid snow storms 
is going to see pride and prejudice tonight ! WOO ! 
had a GREAT day ! Horses are AWESOME ! 
SO EXCITED FOR DC !!!!!!!! 2 DAYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
DC here I come ! Its almost time ! 
DC was so much fun ! Feeling really tired and glad to be home ! 
is not really feeling like writing a 5-7 < PROPFEMALE > paper right now . 
Just rediscovered the awesome game called Bioshock ! WHOOT ! 
Had a GREAT day , hopefully school won't be too rough tomorrow ... 
Quote of the night , \Well folks it looks like we're up chocolate creek without a popsicle stick ! \"" 
Had an amazing day and is hoping tomorrow is the same ! 
is ready to let the Chem cram begin ! WOOOT ! at least it's the last one of the year . 
WHY IS THERE ALWAYS < PROPFEMALE > MUCH TO DO !?!?!?!?!?!? 
super tired . AP Chem tomorrow ... 
Feeling extremely unmotivated today ... 
is really hoping the weather man is right and the rain and the headaches go away ... 
is not at all a fan of physics right now ... 
Made it thorugh an extremely < PROPFEMALE > weekend with no burns ! Score ! 
is baking a cake . :) 
had the best time tonight :) 
Best . night . EVER . 
Really excites for girls night tonight !!!! 
Girls night was a BLAST ! 
just got stung by a < PROPFEMALE > . Ouch ! 
Went puddle jumping in the standing water in her yard with a swimming suit on . The neighbors faces were priceless ! 
its offical , my phone has died :( 
Today was awful ! I was reminded how over protective my parents are in 5 minute intervals as my friend who were allowed to go to six flags texted me . Not to mention the great morning of filling Pinang applying for scholarships . What could get better ? Not 
I finally believe that my knee is mounting an evil escapade against me . 
Just registered for school , got the thirty pounds of books , the summer homework , and managed to < PROPFEMALE > the pictures in my locker ! I would say that's a successful day ! 
Who says you can't can food in your house till two in the morning ? Definitely not my mom ! 
had a great night ! Girls night should be a more regular occerence ! 
Had an eventful last day of summer to say the least . Zero hour tomorrow is gonna suck ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
JUST MADE SOME DRINKABLE FRUIT WITH < PROPFIRST > WEBER ! 
today was not excatly the best day on record ... 
is there anything worse than a persistent migraine ? i think not .... 
Just bought her first M rated game by herself and wasn't even carded .... 
Shakespeare anyone ? 
Had a great weekend ! 
is thinking that AP Bio should form a support group ... at least for the labs 
just finished her AP English essay . Now on to the rest of the mountain ... 
is just done with homework today . For goodness sake , its been 4 hours and almost half done ... 
Doesn't think she can be friends with people who don't respect her 
whats on my mind ? I'm gonna go ahead and say an AP Calc test tomorrow ... 
Learned Taco < PROPFIRST > is a safe heaven for many things tonight ..... 
what would be the most epic halloween costume ever ? 
is LOVING the delayed starts 
age 4 , we think : mom knows everything ! 8 : mom knows a lot ! 12 : mom doesn't really know everything . 14 : mom doesn't know anything . 16 : mom doesn't exist . 18 : she's old fashioned . 25 : maybe mom does know about this ! at 35 : before we decide let's ask mom . 45 I wonder what mom .. thinks about this ? 75 : i wish i could ask mom about this :( Post this if you have the best mom in the world ! 
Saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > this morning and is hopeful for what the future may hold . 
English essay down . Bio and calc to go :( 
thinks it is so much fun to come home from a weekend away and be yelled at when she walks through the door . 
So tired and it's only Monday ! 
Managed to get a 98 on her calc test . Is the end if the world near ? 
what could be more fun than scholarship essays ? 
60 FarmVille requests ? Its been a long time ... 
I wonder if a bath would drown my headache ? 
I kept a B in AP Calc ! 
is finally done with the mind tortue called exams .... till next semiester 
SUPER BOOOOWLLLLL !!!!! 
Bed time sounds really good right now 
Ahhh ! The vampires just called my house ! Do they know where I live too ? 
almost just broke her wrist shoveling the deck off .. oww 
Calc is not my friend 
hmmm what to do .... 
