I woke up crying this morning because I had a nightmare where < PROPFIRST > died . 

mmm chocolate 
I HATE JOB SEARCHING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GGGGGGGGGGGRRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GDFEWFJGBFDGJBDFJVDFGEJ 
FFFFFFFFUUUUUCCCCCKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!! 
rawr 
I'm so fucking tied of my sister right now . The little one is only normally annoying but my other sister is a different story . She decided not to tell me she broke my psp until I asked for it . not to mention she is getting snappy at every moment she can b 
rawr ... really wishes she could go see him 
I broke up with him again . See note for details 
YAY I found vamp camp peoples !!!! soooo yeah ... and stuff ... 
hey all you people talk to me ... please ? 
UPDATE !!!!!!! I have an interview tomorrow at Orange Julias at the mal ... Meaning I might have a job !!!!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
so ... I lost my phone therefore any and all < PROPFIRST > that WERE in my phone are now gone . So if you all wouldn't mind too much I would love it very much if I could have your < PROPFIRST > again . Cause I love you all just that much ! =D 
A sad thing just happened . I went to facebooik ( obviously ) and I saw that there were two messages so I was about to look at them and realized that I had not logged in . so I sign out of my moms acount and had no messages . = ( and I was so happy too . 
so I saw this thing where it was saying that if you were harmed by Yaz you could < PROPFEMALE > them or whatever . well one of the symptoms was sudden death . So I both came to a conclusion and had a questions . My conclusion is that I will never take Yaz now . Now my question is firstly how could a person who is dead < PROPFEMALE > a company for killing them ? 
So if any of you want to give me the perfect gift for christmas I recently thought of one . Instead of getting something that I don't need ( lik more stuff to < PROPFEMALE > around ) I would like to get my first tatoo . It would be awsome if a few people could collaborate some money for my tatoo . That is my idea . Go ahead and let me know what you all think !!! 
I'M BAAAAACK !!!!!!!!!! 
you know what is really on my mind ? my current bf decided not to answer my calls something is happening involving my ex which I somehow knew about ... IN IDAHO !!!!!! which means I still hold some love for him and am connected enough to know things and I only vaguely remember what I dreamt . why is life complicated ? 
rawr what do I do now ? Other than strangle a few people .... 
So I'm single again . Why am I not upset again ? 
Might be getting a job .. finally ... took me long enough . 
my brain hurts ... I think < PROPFIRST > might be on to something with the too much thinking thing . 
ok new status why does the facebook chat lie ? it said I only had two friends on and I clicked on it then it said 4 . that chat box is a liar . 
I feel great today I got things done AND yesterdays first job trainging went awsome . 
I need to explaim to < PROPMALE > about forewarning a person about what jobs they are going to do . 
Lauren : Getting herself into odd situations since 1991 
I need more recent photo's of me ... preferably ones where I don't look too fat , tired , as if I was on drugs , or just unattractive in general . 
Off to donate plasma ... I can almost feel the needle already ... bleh ... oh well at least I get money . 
Bringing blueberries to a friend tommorow . 
life as I know it seems to be goint to hell so the good is going to come soon right ? 
life seems to be getting better however it could be an illusion 
omnom chocolate 
YAY I get to see my friend !!!!! 
I looked in the mirror today and saw my true beauty . I didn't want to leave the mirror I feared leaving the image . I have never seen myself this way . 
Today has been great !!!! 
So is this what I get for one awsome week a while ago ? 
Hopes tommorow is a good day ? 
its sad to see people declining to live life it was on your events !!! 
hopes tonight that her dreams won't wake her up . 
I just wrote a really pretty note but facebook erased it . I want to cry . Maybe I'll try to write it again . 
something just feels ... off today 
I see you ... he he 
If I handed you a magical amulet would you take it or would you stare at it as if it were dangerous ? 
Why do I feel lonely again ? 
YOU CAN ASK ME THREE QUESTIONS ( TO MY INBOX ) AND I WILL ANSWER TRUTHFULLY , BUT I DARE YOU TO COPY THIS AND SEE WHAT YOU GET ASKED . ( my own sidenote : Remember if you do acually want to ask me the questions first ask yourself , \do I want to know this about Lauren ? \ " ) " 
Kind of missing relationships . 
sometimes I wish I was in a romance novel . 
I really hope my friend < PROPFIRST > is ok . 
say what you will I am the kill . The only thing that keeps you really truly safe from being real . 
Am I batshit crazy yet ? 
oh the lovely thoughts that pass through the morbid mind . 
I could have sworn I saw my friend < PROPFIRST > at one of the bus stops . On river road no less . Maybe I was just seeing things again . 
So I've had a pretty relaxing day . Nothing much to say except fsdhfhas ; dhfjhxcjvnblsdfhra 
so I finally beat procrastination and finished my first skit . Pleas please please read it and give me feedback . 
so ten days till I go to job corp . WOOT !!!!!!!!! hfgvsljhbvb jnfdjdfbbv , hdbfvhbgh yayayayayayayayayayayayayay ... I'm excited 
I'm excited that I'm going but sad to be leaviong everyone . 
I'm invisible you can't see me .... HA !!!!!!! 
By the way you all have until monday to < PROPFEMALE > out with me .... unless you don't want to < PROPFEMALE > out with me then I understand and sorry to bother you . 
The days are closing in until I go to job corp . I'm almost panicking from just how many days I have left before I leave everyone . I feel like I'm trying to get one last good memory before I go and the possibility of my fear becomes more . I guess I feel that if my fear came to life that at least the memories would keep me company in my lonely exsistence . 
< PROPFEMALE > was here ! 0.0 ^_^ WOOT !!!!!!!! Partying with < PROPFIRST > !! 
Leaving on monday . 
temporarily on facebook again so if you people want to contact me you all can e-mail me at vampely99@yahoo.com . I want to hear from you all cause I miss you . I have made friends at jobcorps and all but I still want to contact you all . soooo ........ Please mail me . 
back for all of two weeks but back for a time nontheless 
Today a girl at job corp . tried to tell me two of my friends at job corp were gone . I don't know how much I believe that since the stories were pretty much the same . 
I'm the void and you can fall into me now . 
Tried to write a simple status and it turned into a rant which I put on my notes . 
Damn only one whole day left then I dissapear again for a while . I can't help but feel that I didn't spend enough time with a few people . Anyway if any of you wish to e-mail me it's vampely99@yahoo.com . It would be awsome if someone from home other than my mum e-mailed me . 
I leave to go back to job corp today ..... and tomorrow I wake bright and early to do office work ... oh joy ! I wander if we have a G.I. tonight with everyone getting back and all . Anyway I'll miss you all feel free to email me in fact please do . LOVE YOU !!!!! 
Maybe I should of been on here yesterday ..... oh well at least I wasn't at job corp for my b-day ... I'm hoping saturday will be fun . feel free to call me till sunday ... or text . 
WOOT first day of CNA class !!!! 
You know I've been thinking and I decided that I wouldn't want to be around Pikachu when it has a cold . Sneezing would be hazardous . 
you know I think this has just been a shitty week . 
So monday was my worst day on center . I studied all night for a test which I failed anyway after I missed the first bus because my body wouldn't wake up . Then when I talked to < PROPMALE > he broke up with me . 
How did I get a secret admirerer ? Oh well it's awsome anyways . 
I'm just really happy . 
funny how things work out . 
watching old videos of siouxie and the banshees .... its awsome . 
Life as I know it now is pretty good . <3 
oh yay the randomness 
Hey I'm coming back on friday Please call or mail me cause I DO want to < PROPFEMALE > out with a lot of you . 
day 3 of me being back ... yesssss . 
got most of my shopping done ... except for my boyfriend .... still don't know what I'm getting him ....... crap 
I have a feeling that this year is going to be awsome !!!!!!!! 
Can't wait to leave this shit hole !!!!!!!!! 
I officially have my boyfriends ipod and xbox 360 right now ... I'm so spoiled XD 
I wanted to have pizza delivered to the park ... darn dominoes and your being closed . 
You know I just said everything I wanted to on my note .... only a note cause it was too big to fit here . 
I get presidents day off so I'm coming back that weekend 
YAY weekend party !!!!!!! 
Death before dishonor !!!!!! 
I now have a hate and love relationship with snow . 
yay pirate language on facebook 
Darn Job Corp food and giving me food poisoning . 
sometimes I feel like an alien here 
just did 30 minutes of non stop workout for my new workout plan HURRAH !!!! 
The song by Ausgang I am a horse still amuses me 
graduating on the 9th and my board to petition to exit is on the monday after < PROPMALE > 
can't wait to come back . 
Excited for tomorrow 
just one of those days when you feel really tired . bleh 
darn power outage 
grrrrrrrrrrr the power is shut down at job corps and the damn college computors won't let me job search ..... RAWR !!!!!!!! 
WOOT power back on at job corps 
