Egh ... I Loathe sun burns . :-( 

I'm not ready to let go of the memories just yet , Not ready to believe my dreams were crushed . Every now and again I begin to think that I can get through this .. that I can find a new dream , but I am reminded on days like this that time can't always fix th 
Is skeptical .. I'm not as gullible as you think I am . Something is going on and I intend to find out what your motives really are . 
Is going to crash sometime around mid day due to lack of sleep and energy , so please , if you value your life and your head steer clear .. 
wow . last night was trippy .. 
yeah .. got my hair fixed today . It's blonde again .. 
I'm not your sweet heart , baby cakes , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , boo , sweety , cup cake , darling , or baby ... So DON'T CALL ME THAT !!!! * Do I look like I am a * insert nickname * to you ? * 
It is then that I see orange sunrise settling into the distance of your brown eyes . It is then that I see how every shade falls into place , how every undertone is met with vibrant bliss .. 
A broken heart is often given a grace period but after that time has expired , it is then that one begins the fall from grace . There one shall distinguish what character they posses . It is there one decides ; is it worth crying over what you cannot control , 
: - : Echo : - : 
was surprised she got to go out tonight ... and had a good time too . 
Throw me to the flames . Let the memories and feelings burn but save my soul so that I might be able to distribute the dust ... 
This is what happens when I mess with hair dye ... Stop sign red , light blonde , and now black ... egh . When will I ever learn ?!?!?!?!!!!!!!! 
<3 : - : Lost : - : <3 
<3 . : . . : . : - : Rain : - : . : . . : . <3 
Had a Really Good time last night ... * wink * <3 
Misses our conversations .... Where are you when I need you ?!?!?!! :-( 
I can feel the shadow of what used to be invading my mind .. I can see every mistake , every fault . When I open my eyes I see the outcome unfolding , the plot thickening and no way to escape reality ... that is when I put the head phones on , close my eyes , and 
Is going to kill a certain someone for keeping me up because now I can't sleep ... You know who you are !! >.< Sleep deprivation is not what I need right now . 
missing you . <3 
Can't sleep ... Who wants to party ?? lol 
Is thinking of you .. 
Is confused ... * sighs * 
Is questioning your motives . 
PANCAKE !!! Yeah , that's right , I said it . PAN-flipping-CAKE . 
Where can one find truth when one lives in lies ... Where can one find happiness when one lives in shadow . The answer lies within ... It is in ones self that you find strength of heart and character . Life is a journey full of friends and foes and one can only hope that when the lights are turned off you know exactly who you are and where you stand ... Because no one can help you if you can't help yourself first .. 
Never again , never again .. * shakes head * 
Wants to act on the impulse she gets whenever she sees/talks to you .. * Fakes Running away screaming and bashes her face against the wall * 
Can't wait to go to < PROPMALE > tomorrow night !! <3 
As soon as I get off work I'm headed to < PROPMALE > and leaving you all behind ! Yay ! :-) <3 
Slept for 4 wonderful hours and now can't sleep .... so who wants to party ? lol 
Yesterday was awesome . I cut my finger and had to wear a blue bandage and then some guy called me Sir . I think this tops all my other < PROPFEMALE>'s experiences .... Woot ! Lets see what today brings . 
Had a surprise visitor at work today who tried to get some free food ... good luck with that kiddo . I don't even get free food . lol 
Loves how all people want to do is talk . They run their mouths saying they rep things they don't know the first thing about ... And they wonder why their catching such a hard time from everyone . * shakes head and laughs * 
Things were so much easier back in the day .. 
<3 : - : Rainy Days : - : ? 
Wants to Party !! 
* yawn * 
Truth is a virtue I often seek yet rarely find ... For If we all told the truth , our motives would be clear ; less deceitful . But why would a liar tell the truth when he knows it will ruin him ? why be a victim of one's own demise by will ? Truth is a virtue worthy of praise ... For not many wish to hear it and not many wish to convey it . 
Is tired from a long days work .. 
Wishes things were easier .. 
So yes , school .. tomorrow . Oh joy . Better program the coffee machine again . lol 
We enjoy warmth because we have been cold . We appreciate light because we have been in darkness . By the same token , we can experience joy because we have known sorrow . - < PROPFIRST > L . Weatherford 
needs a hug .. :-( 
Tired .. 
Is working . Oh Joy . 
Hmm . This could be interesting .. :-P 
.. What couldn't you see in me ? I know I'm not the prettiest , the smartest , or the funniest , but I gave you everything I had to offer and it still wasn't enough . I loved you and I still do , but apparently I'll never be good enough . 
is up to no good . :-p 
insomnia rocks my world ... No wonder I'm always passed out in Kinkade's class . 
I feel old .. 
Do I look like a piece of friggin meat to you ??!?!?!! 
Maybe I am afraid of remembering what has hurt me for so long ... Do I not have the right to feel ashamed and betrayed ? Or will you deny me that . I may not be a victim but I alone am not at fault . 
Work sucks .. and so do bills . 
:( lost ): I think I'm losing it . I think I'm losing it . I Just might be losing . I'm losing , I'm Losing my mind .. 
Had an amazing night .. :-) 
Rawr . 
:( ? ): Never Felt This Way :( ? ): 
Can't wait until the 23rd ! 
Wow .. Can't believe how many people are trippin over stupid stuff . Seriously , Whats got your thong tied in a knot ?? 
: - :( <3 ): - : 
TIRED . Just got off work and still have to take a shower and study ... It's going to be a Long night . :( 
<3 : - :[ Rain ]: - : <3 
* : - :[ I'm so PAID !! ]: - : * 
Wanted to talk to you .. :( 
That's right , Keep talking shit when you know nothing . You may be living in the past but this right here is old news .. I'm just trying to live my life . I might have screwed up a few years back , but I've changed . I don't expect people to have my back . I know what happened and I will not be made out to be the only one at fault . Go ahead , keep talking . You and your bull shit games don't phase me . 
Got another poem published ... I'm going to be famous some day . 
The definition of a smile knows no boundaries ... It is in laughter that we find delight , it is in twikling eyes , warm embraces , and secrets that bind . The definition of a smile is what we make it . It is an invitation to trust and be trusted .. to love and be loved . 
Got her new laptop today ... and it's awesome . 
( <3 ) : - :[ Brand New ]: - : ( <3 ) 
is making homemade apple pie . yum . 
(: - :[ what it is . ] : - :) 
doesn't know what you see ... 
Only a matter of days now . :) 
Is doing homework and studying . 4 days worth of homework to make up for ... egh . 
Is cold and wishes you were here .. 
Got acknowledged for another poem that I wrote .. Not looking forward to presenting it tomorrow . Like I said ... I'm going to be famous one day . Remember my name . 
17 , just another year . 
Fear is much like falling . Falling into the midst of trust and deceit . Falling into hopes and desires . Into Fantasy and reality . Out of hate into love and out again . Much like falling in the sense that everything feels out of control . Your heart pounds . Your mind obsesses over the inevitable . Past merges with the present muddling the mind as it free falls into the unknown . 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes ! 
Is thinking ... What's next ? 
So fly , lyrically gangsta till I die . : - :( ? ): - : 
Perception of reality . The eye sees what an individual's mind knows to be true . There is no right and wrong , no black and white . No norm to experiences viewed by the eyes of strangers .. 
doesn't want to do this anymore . 
Want Ad : Someone to hold me when I need to be held . To pick me up when I've fallen down .. Knows how to make me smile and gives me space when I need time to myself . Loves me for who I am and not what I have to offer . 
What it is . 
Still Fly . 
Can't sleep ... 
Can't wait for tonight to be over . 
Can't understand you . What is your problem ?? :( 
... 
Loves how her job switches the schedules around ... I was really looking forward to tonight . Grr . 
A written < PROPFEMALE > knows no feelings of its own . 
Doesn't want to know why .. 
Wishes her stupid computer would connect to the internet !! Grrr .. 
Why ?!?!?!?!!! 
another sleepless night .. 
Is Cold .. 
Remembers the day when You and I were not so different .. 
Is going to make a change for the better and go cold turkey on this one ... 
Wishes she could straighten her sleeping habits out ... I'm tired of being tired ! 
Check my swagg .. 
Pain is love .. 
Is more tired than you know . Tired of everybody's criticisms .. you do you , imma do me . 
Has the day off tomorrow ... what to do , what to do . :) 
I smell drama ... this can't be good . =S 
damn ... I don't understand why this always happens to me . 
at the end of the day my momma told me dont let no one break me let no one break me at end of the day , day , nobody , nobody , ever could stop me ever could stop me at the end of the day , day you cant regret it if you were trying if you were trying at the end of the day i'm walking with a heart of a lion . 
Is organizing poems , articles , essays , published poems , and artwork for her portfolio/book ... 
I'd like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly . Its hard to say that I'd like to stay awake when I'm asleep because nothing is ever as it seems ... 
Wooo ! Halloween Night , just got off work and don't have any plans ... fan-freaking-tastic . 
is confused , but I'm going to try to make the best of things . 
Is sick , but happy . Got to see two of my favorite people tonight . :) 
Make me want what I can't see . Make me hope for what I can't feel . Make me love what I hate . Be still aching heart ... Let these words fall short of actions , let these times fall short of remembrance . Be still aching heart , for when all is said and done there will be nothing left to regret . Nothing left to embrace . Be still aching heart ... 
Hates being sick .. 
Is tired and needs a break ! 
A steady heartbeat , a wish , and a prayer ... 
Wishing , hoping , dreaming .. 
Inspiration strikes the mind at the most peculiar times ... it is not When inspiration comes that should be taken into thought , but Where it comes from . 
Words can evoke emotion , they can bring about a sense of self-expression , but they cannot make up for what is lost . 
Not knowing what comes next .. 
Is verbally dyslexic . 
got her hair cut really short .. :-( 
Good luck tomorrow , may God watch over you and allow the surgery to be a successful one . Love ya lil sis . 
It is in winter that my heart finds its true match ... There is no denying the inevitable . No escaping something when it's right in front of my face . - I distance myself so much from others that I become indifferent to their feelings and my own . How I have become so cold , I do not know , but it's killing me softly . 
Hates everything about snow and winter . 
Watching a movie with < PROPFIRST > . 
Time slips by in wonderous ways ... Yesterday can seem like years ago and years ago seems like it was just yesterday . Time holds the power to break or make you if you let it . For one so young , I sure do feel old .. 
What a buzz kill .. 
Why is it that you pick me up when I fall .. 
Egh , two and a half hours at the gym ... never again . lol I hurt .. 
Is in pain . :-( 
Words are meaningless , they hold no weight with me because with words anything is possible ... With words , you can create any emotion and make it believable , but in the end you cannot gain what is lost . For something so potentially powerful , words sure are weak .. 
I’m remembering a life I haven’t lived . Thoughts turning into memories . A world of possibility drowned by reality . A tragic beauty and a false assumption , That I have loved and lost And have turned out better for it .. 
Woke up at 7:30 this morning and been up ever since . Drinking coffee and ripping CDs to my Zune . Have to start cooking soon , then it is off to work I go . Oh joy . 
I'll pretend that they aren't screaming , that she's not hitting the floor again , pretend that just for tonight things will be alright . Close my eyes to sleep but cannot find the time ... Seems like so much is happening but when I open my eyes everything is standing still . 
Is really hoping that you didn't rip me off last night .. You know who you are . 
Is looking forward to New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
Hmmm ... Maybe I was wrong . 
I am nothing special , just another face in the crowd . 
Getting ready to go to the gym ... 
Tired ... going to relax . Just got back from the gym and I feel good , but I need sleep . havent slept in over 24 hours . :( 
And the countdown begins .. 
I got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes , hate in my heart , love in my mind . I seen nights full of pain , days of the same . You keep the sunshine , save me the rain . I search but never find , hurt but never cry . I work and forever try , But I'm cursed so never mind . 
What ?!?! No Coffee this morning . This simply will Not do . * shakes head * :( 
Running errands ... hit me up on the cell . 
Tired .. Physically , mentally , emotionally . Tired . 
Wonders why I even try when what I do is never good enough . 
Is Procrastinating . 
Downloading songs to put on my Zune , any suggestions ? 
? 
' s sister better love her after all the trouble she went through to rip and copy all of her music onto her ipod shuffle . 
Just got done giving blood . :) 
Just got off work ... I hate loud unappreciative little kids who come in 5 < PROPFEMALE > . to close in groups of 60 . Grrr . Still have to shower and do homework . 
Very stressful day ... 
Sick of the hate . Sick of the tears . Trying not to cry , but i've been doing this for years . People die everyday . People hurt everyday . People . Who are much more worse off than me . So what right do I have to hurt . In this fight or die world ? 
Wishes we could all have the same mind set about the opposite sex as we used to have in preschool and kindergarten ; boys have cooties , run away ! 
Just ripped her industrial and is pissed !!!!! 
long night ... just got home . good night everyone . 
The average person tells 4 lies a day , and 1460 a year . A total of 88,000 by the age of 6 . And the most common lie is \I'm Fine \"." 
You say you bite ? Well , I bite back . 
Feeling pretty useless and helpless right now but it's all good , I'm going to keep my head held high and my heart set for the future . 
Sick .. :( 
Sometimes all you can do is smile when you hate the world . Not because you have a positive outlook , but because at the end of the day every other emotion between hate and anguish is exhausted . You smile because those who you care about most are blissfully blind to your suffering and the irony kills you . You laugh because you're in too much pain to cry ... and you walk away because you're too afraid to face the truth . 
Go ahead , put ur gun to my < PROPFEMALE > becuz u think that will make the situation anymore real than it already is ... I can't tell u that the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the < PROPFEMALE > , and I can't make u believe when u look up at the sky and tell me that u don't see anything . But what I can tell u is that if at any given time u open ur eyes to find me standing here , know that I have never left ur side . 
Wow , Doing the right thing can really suck sometimes ... but in the end , its whats best . 
is cleaning her room for the house viewing today . 
wonders if it is possible to knowingly withhold one's emotions from one's self unknowingly ? - if that makes any sense .. 0 . o 
Silver nitrate tears fall from lips so frail and thin , and under skin so pale and fragile blue veins of ice thrive ... the absence of life and love . happy valentines day everyone . 
Just got off work , now all I need to do is take a shower and do all the lovely homework that was assigned for me today ... oh , and study for tests . oh joy , and no , I'm not being fecetious at all . 
Oh the joy of suffering from boredom ... It leads the mind places you never thought possible , or logical . 
Is working on her persuasive paper .. 
Thinks that she should have picked a better essay topic ... This one is really difficult to write about . 
I've got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes . Hate in my heart , love in my mind . I seen nights full of pain , days of the same . You keep the sunshine , save me the rain . I search but never find , hurt but never cry . I work and forever try , but I’m cursed , so never mind . And it’s worse , but better times seem further and beyond . The top gets higher the more that I climb . 
Well , I just got back from the ER . < PROPFEMALE > had a seizure fell and split her < PROPFEMALE > open , and judging by the thud upstairs just had another one ? 
Can't wait to go to work tomorrow !!! :D 
Just got off work ... watching Zombieland with mom because she hasn't seen it yet . :) 
So , It looks like we aren't moving afterall .. 
is tired .. 
How unbelievably stupid could I have been . 
On my way to < PROPMALE > , be back sunday ... 
Its good to be back ... and now that i've gotten that off my chest , I feel somewhat better . 
Talk about a slap in the face and a stab to the heart ... I'm not trying to fight . I am trying to move on even if that means away from you . But I am always the bad one in the end so what good does it do to try to explain things ? 
Is going to bed .. 
Considering buying a car , not sure yet .. 
Doesn't want to write this paper , or do this math assignment , or study for English ... I want to go to bed and not worry about going to school or work in the morning . Reality and responsibility sucks . 
Happy Easter . 
Ahh monday ... No school . No work . No plans . :-) 
is not going to prom and is perfectly alright with that . :-) 
You keep the sunshine , Save me the rain .. 
' s Knee hurts thanks to a specific person who happens to be in weightlifting with her ... 
Just styled her sister's hair and did her make up for her dance tonight . :-) 
Wonders if she is waisting her time ? 
Has had a horrible day .. :( 
Downloading more songs to her Zune . <3 
Hopes her sister is okay . 
just got off work and still has to do a ton of homework and take a shower ... not even sure if she can go to the track meet either , because she doesn't have a ride back to < PROPFIRST > . 
Wishes that she didn't have to see you this way . You are strong , beautiful , and so much more above all of this . You are loved . 
* sigh * 
is stressed out and wants a break .. but as usual , obligations come first . 
should be at the track meet right now .. 
thinks she has strep throat and might not be able to go to school tomorrow ... Great timing to become sick eh ? 
\Grief is a sign \ 
If it isn't one thing , it's the other ... 
Is excited . Maybe going to rockfest next week . just need to find people to work for her ! 
Good night to go for a walk . :-) 
:-/ 
' s back hurts so she needs a back massage . 
hi my name is shaniqwa im black 
Had fun last night but is tired and doesn't want to go to work .. 
It's all her fault . 
If God believes I can handle this , then I surely must be strong enough .. 
confused ?? 
I don't need any distractions in my life . 
Stressed out .. 
Finds it pretty damn discouraging when ppl form assumptions abt you based on the past . Who I was 2 years ago is NOT who I am today . I kno I made things difficult for myself because of what I did in the past , so maybe I deserve being treated like this ... But what gets me is that even tho I have changed , ppl haven't taken the time to acknowledge that . If you don't kno me personally , then keep my name out of your mouth . 
Pulling a 12 hour shift tonight . Yay me ? 
Denver+me and michelle+3 days = tattoos and what not . :-D 
A heart fit only for the breaking ( breaking and the beating of another day left unstrung ) Hides behind the lyrics and the words unsung . Hides behind the soul un-waking ... waiting for the day of taking . </3 
Can't wait to see the fam when I go to < PROPMALE > on Saturday ... I miss my dog ! lol 
misses her long hair .. 
Confused .. 
Just got off work .. hit me with a text 
likes to color .. :-P 
:-P 
has been working on reading this book for the last 3 months and wishes she could finish it already !! 
Is thinking that tonight will definitely be interesting .. 
Finally finished her book !!! :-p Took long enough ... 
I'm a day dreamer .. 
short hair is overrated . 
super douchey .. :-p 
My knees hurt ... damn softball injuries .. :-( 
egh ... working 7 days a week plus school for two weeks until I transfer to my other job . Can't wait until I graduate , that way I don't have to put in 40 hours of school and 40 hours of work ... :s 
Going to Manhattan tomorrow ... Should be fun . :-) 
Likes Manhattan's American Academy of Cosmetology and Massage Therapy ... I think that is where I want to go when I graduate . :-) 
I've worked 9 out of 12 days with no days off ... that means only 3 more days until I have a day off of work ! :-p I made it . I mean , my brain can't function properly and I think I'm verbally dyslexic , but I made it ! * sigh of relief * Now if I can just wake up in time for school tomorrow . ;-) 
Is sitting in Holiday Inn's lobby eating vanilla frosted pretzels and jacking < PROPFIRST>'s computer to get on Facebook and whatnot ! :-p 
has a new car .. 2009 Chevy Cobalt ... its an upgrade but I still love my ' 98 Chevy Cavalier .. 
is just trying to get by so that after its all said and done I still have my sanity left 
Time to say goodbye ? 
Tired of being hurt .. 
dreams become reality one choice at a time . 
me , myself , and I , that's all I need in the end . 
Can't wait until Saturday ... Maybe this will be the much needed break I deserve . 
Here's to endings and new beginnings , to Friends and to haters , to Joy and to sadness , we've been through it all this year . 
Hopes that the snow and wind doesn't ruin her plans for tomorrow .. 
43 hours of work plus 40 hours of school ... I must be out of my mind ... 
looking at a studio that is for rent on Saturday ... It is a little out of my price range , but hopefully I'll be able to find something . I just want a place I can call home . 
has $2 and a quarter tank of gas until the 16th ... aww , the joy of being broke . :-) It sure does make you miss the days when you lived with your parents and every aspect of your day was planned out . 
is ten dollars richer thanks to lazy Holiday Inn guests who want Taco Johns but don't care to drive over in the cold . :-D 
* sighs * So much for sleeping in ... lol 
is so happy that her plans are falling into place . I have been miserable for the last month and so stressed out with everything ... This is finally my time to start over and make choices based on what I want . :-) 
It's going to be a long day ... But a good one . :-p 
has already moved out and is being beaten up by her new roommates . I just had a water bottle thrown at my forehead ... thanks < PROPFIRST > . 
Jar of hearts .. good song . :-p 
egh ... not looking forward to writing this Comp . paper . 
does not like the snow and ice .. 
A note from underground both seen and imagined resonates , not heard but felt . Not spoken but expressed , falls to rest , falls to break the ice inside the soul . Undesired yet imperative . Unheard , unspoken , but nonetheless expressed . The note , singular in existence , resonates and falls to break the essence of everything that is sane . 
has been logged on Facebook and left her computer unaided all day ... I'm surprised my roommates didn't use this to their advantage . 
Feels like going clubbing .. 
Well , after paying all my bills it seems that I am not as broke as I thought I'd be ... but nonetheless , still broke . :-p 
hopes she can get her social security money figured out soon .. 
OOO YAAA I JUST GOT FACEBOOK HACKED ..... .... but now im back and im a very mean bad person 
What's next ? 
Can't wait to get out of this hell hole so I can get away from all the bullshit and fake ass people .. 
Car got stuck in the snow this morning . Had to be pulled out of the snow so I could drive to work .... thinking I'm not going to make it to school tomorrow because I'm going to be stuck in my parking space again . Damn snow .. 
So , my hair wasn't done like I wanted it to be done , but it still looks good . :-P 
Phone is disconnected until further notice . If u need to reach me , then you are out of luck ... 
My new temporary number is 785-443-5630 . Only text or call if it is important please . 
Finally has her internet up and running , now if I can just get my phone situation figured out ... 
Getting paid on Tuesday . :-) I'm not high maintenance like some people , but I sure do enjoy not being broke . 
Egh , it's been one of those days where you just want to curl up in a ball and pretend everyone else doesn't exist . 
:-( 
Going to be a good day . : -1 
< PROPMALE > here I come . :-p Can't wait to see the folks and go clubbing . 
getting ready for the club . :-p 
: - : wish : - : dream : - : believe : - : 
wishes she could sleep ... the irony of being tired all day and then coming home keyed up from work is too great .. :-( On another note , only a month and a half until graduation ! :-p 
