Out of the Darkness suicide prevention awareness fundraiser/walk . Visit my < PROPFEMALE > ; help if you can ! afsp.donordrive.com/participant/momandmichael 

Very Important To Me ... visit my link , please help if you can or if you know someone who might be interested ! afsp.donordrive.com/participant/momandmichael 
about to go play in a pool tournament ... Ha , it'll be an early night 
about to make dinner then load up my ipod with some new tunes ... suggestions please ?! 
\Life is all about risks and it requires you to jump . Don't be a person who has to look back and wonder what they would have or could have had . No one waits forever . \"" 
Just got done mowing the grass , always dangerous , especially when wet ... Taking a shower and then who knows .... 
Goin fishin with the girls and mb @ the aunt and uncle's ... hopefully i don't lose a pole this time ... or catch one that's been dead for a week lol 
We ended up catching 3 bass :-) And all the poles survived !!! Headed to bed soon , work in the a.m. BLAH 
ugh ... tired as hell ... gettin ready for work . i need coffee ! 
hangin out at home ... soooo glad it's the weekend ; hopefully i can get some stuff done ! 
Cleanin up the house ... Maybe goin out to camp < PROPFEMALE > later :-) 
Had the best time EVER at Camp < PROPFEMALE > last night ... It was a frickin blast ! 
just got home from the ball park a little bit ago ... chillin at home :-) 
about to go to an adoption training class I have to make-up ... not in the mood for this today but oh well , need to get it over with !!! 
just got home from the adoption training class ... Only 4 more and I'm done ! After over 2 years , I'm ready for all this children services crap to be OVER ! Seriously ! 
fishin at triangle ... Wish me luck !!! :-) 
Children services just left , made dinner , bout to hop in the shower and head to yet another adoption training class ... I will be Sooo glad when all this is over and i can breathe ! 
at the adoption class ... One hour left :-) 
So glad It's friday ! Can't wait til this work day is over ! 
Ah , it's officially the weekend !!! The kiddies are goin out of town tomorrow til monday ... hmmm , what to do .... 
got up too early this morning , ugh ... Niece's baseball game at noon , Go Padre's!!!! 
[ Such a foolish game That we have been playin ' Now you got me right where you want me I left you in the right But you wouldn't let me take the fall Now you've got me right where you want me ] [ You pushed so hard You have to know that You might just get what you wanted And when just one remains I've sailed away ] [ Does it hurt to hear me say ... That I never really meant to stay ] ~ Saving < PROPMALE > - Sailed Away 
What a loooong ass day ... Got fired and re-hired at work today ... Never a dull moment when it comes to my life ... 
Getting ready for a triple birthday party ... Might take the girls fishing and swimming later if it stays nice out ... 
at work . Ready to go home 
Leave one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you know \ 
me a little or a lot , anything you remember . Don't send a message , leave\ 
a comment here . Then , leave this as your status . 
fishing out at armco ... They are biting like crazy , just caught one so far :-) 
Um , yeah ... So , my neighbor came over to tell me he watched a huge raccoon climb up to my roof and down my chimney ... with something in it's mouth . So , I'm probably sharing my house with a family of them . < PROPFEMALE > is getting me back for taking out a family of raccoons when I first started driving ! LOL 
Finished up my adoption training classes today !!!! WooHoo ! Only a few more steps and i'll be finished with the whole adoption process ! 
Sooo glad to have three days off work !!! It will be over with before i know it but oh well ... The girls are gone for the night , might go fishing :-) 
Hope everyone has a happy and safe 4th of July ! Hanging out with family and friends today ... Happy Anniversary Dad & < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Relaxing at home with my seester ... about to watch Eclipse :-) 
Work sucks ... 
Looong , crazy day .... Ready to curl up on the couch and watch a movie ... Then back at it again in the morning - Just like that annoying movie Groundhog Day ! 
Looking forward to my one day off work tomorrow :-) 
[ Happy Birthday Mom ! R.I.P. Miss You ! ][Bad stressed out day so far , hopefully it's about to turn around - gettin ready to head to the Reds game !!! ] 
Ugh , so tired of this place ! I need a vacation and peace of mind . Like that will ever happen ... 
Phone's broken temporarily ... blah ... Cookin out with the fam in a bit then campin out for my uncle's birthday tonight :-) 
Lost all the < PROPFIRST > on my phone , soooo if i should have yours message me ... 
Car is broke . AC is broke . I am broke . Life is broke ... Needless to say it's been a great couple of weeks ... 
Things are starting to look promising on a potential opportunity ... Keeping my fingers crossed . Super stoked !!! 
workin at the video store ... leavin in a few to get the girlies ... ready to watch the bengals kick some ass !!!!!! WHO DEY ! 
I think I might be dying ... Puking , sneezing hot flashes all day ... Need some good meds and someone to take care of me . 
Still feel like shit ... only 3.5 hours left of hell for today . Blah 
just got outta the shower ... makin dinner then going to shoot pool . Hopefully I play better tonight than I have been !!! 
Watchin True Blood tryin to pass out ; due back in hell in less than 7 hours . BLAH !!!!!!! 
can't sleep ... too hot in this house & too much on my mind ... 
Planning a trip to Californ-i-a !!!! Soooo very excited ! 
Start school Sept 9 !!! 
Got my books for school today ... It only took FOREVER , but I got it done !!! 
LONG day ! Just got home from Children's Hospital ... < PROPFEMALE > had her first ride in an ambulance after a car wreck with her cousin ... THANK GOD she's perfectly fine !!! 
At school ... 
Soooo ... school 3 days , work 5 , and < PROPFEMALE>'s dance class ; we'll see how this works out ... leaves me no time to get into trouble hehe ... 
about to head to the weekend job ; BLAH I need a day off !!! 
BLAH ! Still sick but of course I can't put anything on hold . Gotta make dinner , clean , take < PROPFEMALE > to dancem then homework ... All after a \hard\ " day's work lol No time to get better :-( " 
At school , aced my math test 2 for 2 this week !!! Tripped up the stairs earlier , luckily only one person saw me ha ! Maybe I shouldn't have mixed coffee and Robitussin , think I got a little buzz lol 
Went to an awesome Pop Evil show last night ! Woke up feeling like crap again ... I thought it was almost gone too , BLAH !!! Lots of homework tomorrow so I need to get rid of this cold & sinus crap !!! 
My thoughts and prayers go out to Zach's family and friends . RIP Zach Thacker 2.25.86 - 09.23.10 
OK ... I have a female boxer/pit mix that is 11 months old ... She's had her shots ; she's very energetic and she needs someone that will give her lots of love , attention , and training . I really don't want to take her to an animal shelter but it may have to come down to that . I'm hardly ever home and feel bad because she doesn't get enough attention ... Please help me out if you can give her a good home ! 
Aw thanks guys !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and Julz made me breakfast in bed for my birthday :-) The smoke is slowly clearing lmao ... So I'm still in bed and I've learned that yelling \HELP\ " when I need something is more productive than using names haha . I am milking this day for all it's worth lol " 
at school ... not prepared for my chem test @ 2 ; hopefully I figure it out before then ... MiSsInG HiM :-( 
Just took another math test ... We'll see how that goes :-/ 1 class down , 3 to go ... Still missing my baby , get to see him tomorrow ... Or maybe tonight if I'm lucky ... Fingers crossed :-) 
I like it on the kitchen counter and the passenger seat ... 
At school getting some homework done ( between facebook visits lol ) ... Got a 100% on my math test ! Yay ! Have to take two tests today ... 
Off to bed girls and boys ... Work tomorrow , BLAH ... Nighty Night :-) 
At school , finishing up my Word project for my Business Tech class ... 
Happy Sweetest Day ! 
Gonna lay down and fall asleep to Sons of Anarchy ... Missing him again , I hate Sundays :-( 
Night y'all . Work early in the am ... blah I really don't wanna go !!!!!! Come up with an excuse for me < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
ahhhh ... < PROPFEMALE > glad to be off work .... of course the day doesn't end there ..... in a BLAH mood today ; someone get me out of it !!!!! 
Just checked my grade from my chemistry test i took yesterday ... I got a 45/40 , Yay ... Which makes my chem grade 103.5% ... That made my day a little better :-) 
Wish Heaven had a phone so I could talk to you again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence . I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . ( Re-post this if you have someone in Heaven that you miss and love . ) 
Skipped my first class this morning because I feel like I lose brain cells when I leave it .... so , one class down and two to go ... AND I forgot my damn pants for aerobics , we'll see how kickboxing goes in jeans lol 
So , I'm pretty sure I'm not getting my eyebrows waxed at the place I went today again ... Left the place and looked in the mirror and they didn't even look the same . So I paid someone so that I'd have to come home and tweeze them anyway .... How retarded . 
Find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of sexy ... who will lie under the stars and listen to your heartbeat , or will stay awake just to watch you sleep ... wait for the boy who kisses your forehead ... who holds your hand in front of his friends , who thinks you're just as pretty without makeup on . One who is constantly reminding you of how much he cares and how lucky he is to have YOU ... - < PROPMALE > Tottszer 
Sooo ... my sister-in-law was watching the news with < PROPFEMALE > this morning and they were talking about < PROPFIRST > Sheen and cocaine ... < PROPFEMALE > said \My mommy buys cocaine at the store\ " ( the energy drink ) ... Wow ! Maybe I should keep my cocaine consumption on the DL !!!... 98% on my math test ! " 
Sometimes it is necessary to get out of yourself and do things that someone else would like you to do with them , even if you don't want to ... Especially if they would do anything you asked of them ... 
Happy Halloween everyone !!! 
At school .... not in the mood to be here . Ready to get this test and aerobics over with and go home !!!!!!!!! 
Just got home from < PROPFEMALE>'s dance class ... gonna relax and do some homework , if it's possible to do both of those simultaneously lol 
“Trying to make someone fall in love with you is about as pointless as trying to control who you fall in love with . ” 
I now remember why I don't like going to Sinclair ... Because 2 days after registration begins the only f*%king classes you need are already full . Ugh , whatever ... sooo , I don't even know if there's a point in taking classes next quarter , waste of time , waste of money , once again ! 
WARNING ! : Drinking the energy drink Cocaine early in the morning may unintentionally cause you to curb-check your car , in turn , making it possible to really f*ck up your rims and tires ! Drive with caution while under the influence ! 
Hangin out with my favorite people :-) About to lay down and watch a movie ... Nighty Night ... 
Already at age 4 , < PROPFEMALE > says she has fat jeans and is throwing a fit to not have to wear them because she says they make her look like a fat person ... OOOOOMMMMMGGGGG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Making dinner ... homemade chicken pot pie and sweet potato casserole .... MmMmMmM ! 
Took a math test ... studying for chem test .... waiting to find out if this teacher is going to accept my late project ... Ready for this day to be over so I can watch the Bengals kick some ass tonight ! 
Getting ready to go take this chem test , BLAH ... Good news , she accepted my late project ( yay ) and my adoption will be approved this week ( double yay ) which means a new caseworker , more paperwork ... But the whole thing should be final by the end of the year . FINALLY . 
WhoDey !!! Come on Bengals !!!! 
Waitin for < PROPFEMALE>'s dance class to be over ... then home to do some homework and catch up on some Weeds !!! 
Waiting for the school day to be over ... Met up with < PROPMALE > after my last class - Good to see you again :-) .... Chem and aerobics then homeward bound ! Can't wait ! 
Is sick . I knew all along and still did it again . Sometimes I am a very very very stupid person . And a lot of times other people are very very selfish and don't care about anyone other than themselves . Someday these people won't have anyone at all because they will have burnt all their bridges . I feel sorry for them when that happens . 
IDGAF 
I need a five hour massage right now ! That would be really great ! 
Why is it that the most simplest things have to be so complicated sometimes ? 
Meeting a friend from school for lunch @ O'Charley's ... Mmmm , my fave ! 
I guess from now on I'll just have to be a b*tch to get my point across and to stop getting walked on ... This time , I am really done with the dumb sh*t . I don't deserve it and I'm better than that . 
C'mon Bengals , Pull somethin outta your asses and beat the Colts !!!!!!! 
I might not be the prettiest , the sexiest , and I may not have the perfect body . I might not be 1st choice , but I'm a GREAT choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not because frankly , I'm too good at being ME ! I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past however , I'm proud of who I am today ! Take me as I am or watch me as I walk away . Post this as your status if you love being you 
SOOOO AGGRAVATED RIGHT NOW ! WHY DO ALL THE STRESSORS COME AT ONCE ? WHY WON'T THEY LEARN HOW TO TAKE TURNS AND SPACE EACH OTHER OUT !?!?!?!?!?!? WTFE ! 
Guess I'll go smoke a cig and get my lungs ready for pilates and aerobics .... Ha , definitely not the smartest thing to do , But neither is anything else I do so whatever ! 
Just got home from < PROPFEMALE>'s band concert ... They did a great job ! Now just relaxin at home , gonna try to get some homework done .... BLAH ! 
Sooo , just went to the bathroom at school and realized there was toothpaste in my hair , which does blend well with my black hair !!! lol Good start to my day ! 
About to head to chemistry and see how bad I did on the last test .... aerobics after that then HOME ! yay ! 
So last night some crackhead stole my stereo , Ipod , Cd's , < PROPFEMALE>'s jacket and my favorite jeans ( the only ones that frickin fit ) out of my car ... Has not been a very good day ! 
Well .... tried to sell my books back today . First person in line had one book , $30 . Second person , one book , $60 ... Me , 4 books , $4 ... Can someone explain to me how that works ? They would only take one of mine back , it cost $60 and they gave me 4 back . WTF ... this week sucks !!!!!!!!!!! 
Grades are posted ... Got a 4.0 !!! WooHoo :-) 
headed to bed .... work tomorrow ... :-p blahhh .... wish people would not be soooo difficult . 
Relaxin at home ... my baby is helping me cook dinner ... pork tenderloin , mashed potatoes and corn on the cob ... MMMMMM .... well I guess I'm helping him bc he's done it all so far ... how it should be lol 
At work ... Set the alarm off this morning and the cops showed up ... I hope that's not a sign of how my weekend is going to go 
I don't need an Angel on my christmas tree I already have one in heaven looking down on me ........ put this as your status if there is someone in heaven you wish could be with you this Christmas 
Change your profile pic to a picture of a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . The meaning of the game ? To not see a singlehuman face on facebook , until Tuesday , instead to see an invasion of memories ... FOR THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE 
Pancakes & sausage for dinner :) Gotta love breakfast for dinner ! 
It is too early for me to be up !!! i was supposed to sleep in on my one day off :( 
If anyone has ( or knows someone that has ) a cincy < PROPFEMALE > phone for sale let me know please ... my power/end button is jacked up which will probably cause difficulties in the near future .... thanks :) 
ugh .... do not want to go work ! Would much rather stayed wrapped up in this warm bed ... BLAH ! 
ugh ... don't want to work in the morning !!! 6am comes quick ! 
May be pointless but still tryin to keep the faith for my boys !!!! C'mon Bengals , do somethin damnit ! WHODEY !!!!! 
In < PROPMALE > visiting dad and < PROPFEMALE > .... scared to try to drive home , spun out on the way here and it wasn't even bad then !!!! Someone with a big truck needs to give us a ride home lol :) 
Well .... coming home was quite an adventure .... the driver side windshield wiper broke and I couldn't get it back on . Soooo , every once in awhile i had to stick the wiper out the window and swipe it myself ... It's always somethin ! 
Gettin dinner ready ... Ribs , baked potatoes and corn on the cob ... Yum ! Mad that they take so long to make ... I'm hungry ! 
INBOX ONLY ! 2010 is almost over ... Confess something you've always wanted to tell me ... It will stay between us .... Put this as your status and see who surprises you ..... REMEMBER , INBOX ONLY !!! 
Glad this week is almost over ... work at 6 in the am ... blah .... then two days of work next week and off til the 3rd .... won't know what to do with myself besides figure out how to pay my bills while Propipe is shut down !!!! 
I remember the day you passed away like it was a day ago . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , bright eyes layed to rest , God broke my heart to prove to me that he only takes the best . Put this as your status if there's someone in heaven that you miss every day and wish that they could be here for christmas 
well ... mailed the check to the lawyer and the contract to the post adoption agency today :) Sounds promising that the adoption could be finalized by the end of the month !!!! It will feel like I've lost a thousand pounds when this is over !!!!!! 
On December 30 @ 2pm I will officially be a mother of two :-) 
Finally settled down for the day .... Looking forward to this long vacation :) Won't know what to do with myself !!! Except sleep in ! All I know is that if my house isn't spotless by < PROPFIRST > 3 , there is something really wrong ! 
lol this is nat love your facebook :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
Now that Christmas has vomited all over my house , it's time to clean ! We'll see how much actually gets done today since I have 7 more days to do it ! 
Happy 5th Birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Went to see Yogi Bear for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday today , she said it was her best present lol She's getting tooooooo big ! 
Got my Cocaine [ energy drink ] fix .... Ready , Set , Clean !!!! Man , I love this stuff lol 
Court hearing over the phone in less than a half hour !!!! Adoption finalization countdown .... 
It's official !!! I am now a mother of two daughters ... < PROPFEMALE > calls me her Mister - mother/sister lol ... 
Soooo frickin glad it's the weekend ... Stressful week that ended with me hitting a car today in the snow ( luckily she was cool ... it was a rental and there weren't really any marks ) .... and now my house is filled with 7 children , well 8 including John :-) hehe 
Taking the girls to get their ears pierced then to the library :) Hope everyone's having a good Saturday ! 
It's hard to believe it's been four years today that you've been gone . It is days like this that make me realize that you're not here anymore ... I tend to forget that I'll never hear your laugh again , or see your smile , or be able to make fun of how goofy you were .... Miss you so much Mom , RIP . 
feel like complete sh*t .... ready for this day to be over .... 
Asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer . Our prayer is that , in 2011 , a cure will be found . Will you post it for just one hour ? 
Ugh ... third time I've thrown up this week ... It may not be so hard to keep my New Year's Resoltion after all lol BLAH ! 
Home sick ... not sure what my deal is but I wish it would quit . Would go to the doctor but that's hard to do without insurance . So , bed it is . 
Shower . Dinner . Pool league starts tonight :-) My goal is to do better than the last session I played ... which should not be hard at all lol 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So love the people who treat you right . Pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of LIFE ... Getting back up is LIVING . Re-post if you agree 
I AM A HANDFUL - I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . 
Got 100% on my first Anatomy & Physiology Test ! Hope the rest of the quarter works out that way ! 
Ohhhh .... eventful day already . Broke my brand new phone two days after i bought it ... Good thing I paid for the insurance . Can't get a new one til tomorrow . Went to borrow a phone and got stuck in the snow . I am staying in the house the rest of the day . I think thats the safest thing for me today . 
Ugh , I don't like homework :-( 
Study time ... Organic molecules , microsopes and histology .... blah blah blah ... the headache i worked so hard to get rid of is makin its way back ! 
Shower then off to shoot for league night :) Wish me luck , I need it !!!!! 
Ohhhhhh ... I'd much rather stay in this warm bed than go anywhere ! ESPECIALLY work ! Annnnd apparently my cat , Little Miss Skank < PROPFEMALE > , is about to pop out her kittens . I dont think I can do this again ! Anyone wanna cat ? and some kittens ? lol 
wow . karaoke @ Sinclair Community College ... Just when I thought I'd seen it all ... 
Sooo glad tomorrow is Friday ! Looking forward to spending some time with SOS :) 
TGIF ! Hope the work day goes by fast ! 
Soooooo ready to get out of this effing place 
< PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party went really well ... Now just need to find places for all her new stuff ! 
Pandora Radio , check . Cocaine [ energy drink ] , check . Homework ( blah ) , check . House that is in dire need for some TLC , check . I'm thinkin it's going to be a productive day :) 
Finished my homework and got some cleaning done :) Accomplished more than I thought I would today :) FINALLY ! 
So , I was trying to type craigslist.com and typed craigsLUST instead lol ... wouldn't ya know , it's coming soon ha ! 
Safe and warm inside , gathering up all my candles in case the power goes out bc for some reason I have not invested in a flashlight !? 
Overall , I had a very good day :) The girls and I shopped til we dropped and then watched the fights with two of my favorite people :) Blessed that I was surrounded by people I care about on one of the rough days for me during the year ! RIP < PROPFIRST > 05.06.85 - 02.05.07 
Sooo , now that my adoption was finalized a little less than two months ago ... I think I'm going to try it again ! Found out my little brother's dad isn't doing well and I'm going to find out what I need to do to get him :) Wish me luck !!!! 
Rest in peace < PROPMALE > McDaniel . You will be missed ! 
feel like crap ... about to lay down with < PROPFEMALE > aand take a nap ... 
At steph's basketball game ... Go cougars !!! 
At the doctor with miss < PROPFEMALE > ... Wish the sickness would hurry up and get outta my house ! 
Won my match !!! woohoo ! 
Going to get our weiner dog :) 
Ok , so the \weiner dog\ " we got yesterday was obviously not a weiner dog buuuuttt ... we diid get a weiner dog today . A registered one :) His name is < PROPFEMALE > and he is sooo sweet :) " 
In about 3 weeks I'll have me a 66 shovelhead ... So so so excited !!!!!!! 
Everyone remember to set your clocks forward !!! 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! Green clothes , green beer , green fun :) Hopefully no green puke when it's all said and done ! 
Wow ... Really !?!? 
Headed to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s for < PROPFIRST>'s Bday party .... Good luck to Bazinga @ Kolping ... probably the only time I'll be allowed to say that lol 
Has anyone else seen The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West < PROPFEMALE > ?! Wow ! 
Won my pool match last night and tonight :) 
Ohhh , when my fat pants are snug enough to not require a belt , it's time to stop eating like I'm a starving ethiopian child .... I've probably ate enough in the last month to feed a whole city of those children . Damn evil food ! It's time for a diet ! 
AHHHHHHHH ! .... ok . I feel a little better now . 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
If you have a beautiful Daughter that you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your ... status for a little while , but hold her in your Heart for a Life time ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
I sang to a monster riding a motorcycle because that's how I roll ! 
