waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get off work 

i want to see zombieland ... it looks bomb 
yay I just figured out how to see my wall ! I'm good < PROPFIRST > is at work chillin with Dom need to go change a diaper in about a minute . Just moved to post falls a couple weeks ago with < PROPFIRST > and Dom still trying to get settled in , its hard to move when you both work full time and have a 3 month old and we dont have any of the same days off work . 
< PROPFIRST > is at work again , my day off , Dom is zoned into emperors new groove , like mother like son , tv goes on we go out ha ha 
tryin to organize some of my stuff since I have it all moved in at home , and halfway concentrating on a depressing love story 
hmmm didn't realize I had pics of me and < PROPFIRST > on here , error corrected 
Just got back from second viewing of Eclipse with KT , we will probably see it at least 2 more times before it comes out on video 
12:29 and not tired at all ... not good seeing as i have to get up and get things done n the am . Really wish i could watch glee right now 
Not working today , Dom has a fever and the nurse told me to bring him in so to the dr we will go 
Dom was not a happy baby boy last night , i was up til 4am getting him to calm down and fall asleep .... Stupid foot and mouth 
feel kinda like dying i caught the sickness from dom was barely conscious yesterday but am feeling somewhat better today 
beach with went to KT today , got in a fight with a neon pink flotation device . It tried to drown me in the lake , but I eventually won ... 
I think I need a vacation 
taking my moms dog to the groomers , fuzzy little beast 
DOM TOOK HIS FIRST STEPS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MY BABY CAN WALK NOW !!!!! YAAAAAAAAAY !!!!! 
Just went for a short bike ride , no snaps for the creator of the most uncomfortable seat in the world ... 
i need new people to jam with since im not dating my jam partner anymore :( flyin solo 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIm bored 
Taking Dom to get his first hair cut ! he is kinda cranky so fingers crossed we come home with both ears ! 
OKAY ! I added some pictres to the Dom album , only one of the first hair cut , but I'll have more of the actual process later , enjoy ! 
Waiting for Dom to wake up from nap so I can take him to his dads for a bit while I meet KT downtown and work on my mostly nonexistant tan 
tired , my shoulder and neck hurt from sleeping funny 
I'm making tasty icecream and it should be done soon !!! 
Dom got up about an hr earlier than usual and I didn't seem to be able to fall asleep last night .. Feel like I'm dragging tired 
i wanna float cda river Saturday , who wants in ?! I just need to make sure I have child care 
K river floating is prob out , but exteme bowling at sunset is in !!! Saturday night ! Meeting at 10 ish , $15 for shoe rentals and as many games as you want til 1 am-ish !!! if you want in show up !!! 
watching spongebob square pants with Dom , its his favorite cartoon ha ha 
just got home from Salt with my sis , was pretty intense , we have now decided we want to be spys ... but I'd settle for being a action flick movie < PROPFEMALE > as long as I got to do my own stunts 
Just got home from work , < PROPFEMALE > de a cake card for my < PROPFEMALE > and am now going to get my lil boy , 
Just watched the movie chocolate for the first time ... delightful ! lol < PROPMALE > on the Green tomorrow !! and later EXTREME BOWLING !!! woot 
got up early with dom ... have a headache ... cleaning my bathroom and the smell of chemicals is making me kinda dizzy 
saw < PROPMALE > on the green for a while , rocked old school nintendo and battled Sav and Dayne at < PROPFIRST > c < PROPMALE > , lost horribly ... 
extremely tired and not sure why , had like a 3 hr nap earlier , but going to go watch shark week and try to sleep , night ! 
going to set up Dom's pool so he can play n the water ! yay backyard pool time !!! 
Dinner for Shmucks at 7:15 !!! 
its official ... I am IN LOVE !!! with < PROPMALE > CORREL !!! one of the funniest men alive !! I've decided I need to see dinner for shmucks again tomorrow ... 
turned the upstairs into a playground of fun ! made a fort for Dom , but he hasn't quite figured out u play under it .. and instead keeps throwing toys on it and and pulling it down ... but he is still my cutie pie so we're having morning fun with mommy & dommy 
off to work n a few ! 
its tuesday and i'm very ready for the weekend .. anyone wanna go 99 cent bowling tonight ? starts at 9 
had a good time hangin w/ brannon jammed and talked about life stuff , hopig to get people together friday night to bowl or see a movie or SOMETHING fun 
getting ready for work , have to run a couple errands before i go too ... yikes ! 
Dying my hair a new color ! yay ! 
good night world ! 
Good monring world !!! I hope today is going to be a fabulous thursday ! 
my back hurts :( I don't know why but its driving me crazy cause i can't figure out how to sit or stand or lay to make the hurt go away 
Anybody know of anything fun going on tonight ? 
uuuuuhg ... tired 
time to try n regain some lost sleep , good night !!! 
Slept for a good 9 hrs ... don't think I moved once , and my face is kinda numb 
I love playing with dom , he learned to drink with a straw today , and that he can make the indian yell all by his little self :) ah Monkey 
played < PROPFIRST > kart on wii w/ < PROPMALE > , totally got whooped ... again , time to find a new hobby 
I hate when you fall asleep with the tv on and wake up at some ridiculous wee hour of the monring wondering where you are and who is talking to you . just read an article about what a man's facial hair says about him ... man was that enlightening .. 
Dom clawed my arm , and < PROPFIRST > some blood .. fiesty little temper , but i got hug and kiss after so its ok now 
going to see The Other Guys , very excited !!! 
good good night ... followed by a bad , bad day ... temper temper temper 
... I hate coeur d ' < PROPFEMALE > casino commercials ... 
legal forms confuse me ... 
... ahh ... googling family law papers and its kinda like reading complex instructions in spanish , u know a few things but not nearly enough to understand what you're reading ... 
Meteor shower tonight !!! 
yay for the return on internet service ! 
anyone know of anything fun going on tonight ? 
Going to spend some good time with Dom before < PROPFIRST > takes him for the day , feels like i haven't been able to play with him 
YAY ! finished my paperwork ! 
Me and bug went to the park today ! visited < PROPMALE > at work and then ran through some sprinklers at riverstone , he is a sprinkler loving baby ! 
super tired . did not sleep well , and trying to get my paperwork turned into the cout was a circus .. and still not done , will have to get back to that adventre tomorrow 
... theres a spider the size of freakin Kansas in the window well outside ... i leaned closer to the window to see if it was really a spider or part of a plant . honestly ALMOST peed my pants when it moved , def a spider ... ooo 
going to court house today to file my papers , then gonig to work . soooo very excited ... boo 
B0rEd ... 
yAy !!!! n0 l0nGer b0Red !!! aDvenTuREs w ? SaVvY !!!! 
packin Dom up going to go on a riverstone adventure 
hmm . girl with the dragon tattoo , it was pretty good , even though it was in swedish .. 
7:35 am ... i makes no sense . littl boy is fussy most of the night and STILL doesn't sleep in ... 
iiiiiiis tired 
just got back from sandpoint . my eyes are swollen a little , and dry , but glasses ought to fix that . Doesn't change how much funerals suck , even when they are nice , which it was . 
my mom got Dom a pop up tent that is a rocketship , its pretty cool , i had to crawl through to demonstrate to Dom how it works haha 
sooo .... google pictures of earthships and you will see what I mean ... I wanna live in one !!! there so cool ! 
i love nap time 
I had a dream Dom was like 6 years old and i was teaching him how to drive .... bizarre 
I'm cooking dinner tonight ! who wants to go to the fair later ? 
i want to go out and do something , i dont really care what , but < PROPFIRST > has Dom so i want to go out for a while 
Come get a tasty sandwich and piece of pie at the yellow house today !! north government way after < PROPFIRST > 
goin in < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s weding yay ! 
i ate aligator today ... not gonna lie , tasted kinda like chicken . 
I don't mind the rain , and the cold i could probably handle , but i can't get warm , and i worry Dom will kick his blankets off at night and be cold :( i need to get heavy duty wild boy jammys for him ... so he cant strip out of his pj pants and de-diaper himself like this morning ... did i mention this mornings diaper incident involved a poopy diaper ? ... yea , it did ... 
ehh , got my stuff from the courts yesterday . Court date is oct 20th , and lots of other crap to do before :( may be time to lawyer up 
GAH !!!!!! my poor baby has strep throat now :( baby monkey 
in process of making an EPIC bday cake for Shelbs aka Davenport 
my printer is out of black ink ... hmm , this needs to change pronto 
Dom stole my phone and is holding it to his head running around yelling at haha , such a goober my lil monks <3 
hmmm ... t0day seri0usly isn't thursday ??? for real ? my bad ... 
be awake ... just beeeeee awake now .... up up up 
I just love love love < PROPFEMALE > ! sorry little lamby , you just taste so good in pita bread with taziki sauce !!! 
I tried to eat my pillow last night , so says the massive drool pool 
Led Zepplin Tribute band tonight with savvy !!! 
ooook .... so concert wasn't quite as fun as it could have been . but the band was pretty awesome and sounded just like led , but mm , a lot of 50 yr old men with their 15 year old sons , and don't get me wrong bonding like that is great , but not so great for the 2 girls standing in the sea of them .... yikes 
I kinda liked Lady Gaga's meat dress , pass the A1 ? 
I am sooo excited ! creative juices are flowing today , 1 ne song has complete lyrics , and almost done with the music , 2nd new song is on its way to something definate yay ! 
hmm .... you know when people say \be smarter than ... \ " well today its a steam mop ... and the steam mop is winning ... " 
woo hooo , externship is starting tomorrow ! 
It really weirds me out when Dom's noise making toys go off when I'm home alone and the buttons have not been pushed ... or they are supposed to be turned off .... \ 
\ 
lighter side , going to grab grub with Savvy at Red < PROPFIRST > . yuuuuuuuum . 
I'm going to make brownies ! and they will be the most delicious brownies < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
its official ... I'm the champ of tiramasu 
new carpet in moms house , carpet it being taken out of mo's house and out of Kt's .... so Dom and i are going to the park 
Tomorrow is the 1st mediation session with < PROPFIRST > ... Dom's toothbrush is M.I.A. as is my Coldplay CD .... and my lips r chapped . bravo 
hahaha , I love sci fi channel movies , the ones with ridiculous killer animals , like octoshark ... they're just great 
Went to Cirque du Solei today and it was awesome ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > !!! 
headed to the casting prep for the hair show today ! Kinda nervous that I'll come home as a platinum blonde with a < PROPMALE > ... wish me luck !!!! 
fallin asleep through breakfast today .. its what i get for staying up too late and getting up at 7 with Dom .. 
Adventures at Hastings with Savvy and < PROPMALE > led to sav's purchase of no joke ... 27 cds 25 cents each , finally got myself the new one republic cd , AND I found super tramp on sale .. yay ! 
rented Iron Man 2 !!!! and am soooo excited :) 
come on peeps ... shot of novacaine , right to the < PROPFEMALE > , ought to do the trick ... yoga didnt work , blood pressure still up there 
i opened my eyes wondering how the heck i ended up on the floor . 
my head hurts . and my face feels funny , like i will reach up to touch it and it wont be there 
:( my neck still hurts and I've got a sore throat without much voice .... and whoever answered the phone at the dr's office to set my appointment was really rude ... 
almost passed out again ... at mexican food factory with my fam , was wiping Dom's mouth and the world turned sideways , my mom suddenly sounded like she was at the other end of a tunnel ... did go to the doc this morning , no blood work or anything , but now maybe I should go back and double check . the 1st faint was easily stress related , today was much less stressful though .. well , was . 
i don't know whats wrong with me , i feel really sick , my neck pain has expanded , and worsened , but thats prob related to my muscle relaxer wearing off . :( 
still sick .. slept through most of the day , couldnt stand up kept getting the spins and really nasueas . stopped taking the pain stuff because I think it just made me feel worse . finally was able to eat something about four , and now I'm feeling better , had a gloriously long shower which kinda helped clear the fog from my head . So glad my family is here so I had help taking care of Dom . 
haha , furry walls .. i get it now 
going to make some kodiak bar brownies to take to the lab tomorrow !! <3 while watching law and order SVU , cuz its the best 
I think we should be more like Glee , life should be a musical , it would be way more fun .. waaaay more fun ... like volunteering at a kids camp back in the day , our kitchen crew decided we couldn't talk anymore we had to sing . definately in my top ten days .. 
I like it on the computer desk 
Went to Costco with my madre today , got some oregon chai mix and we got Dom a model size Jeep Rubicon toy <3 
thank you to my seester KT , I am now the proud owner of EIGHT more pairs of shoes ... EEEEEEEEE !!!! iloveshoes <3 
My little tiger is fighting me on nap time . Found some awesome fall desert recipes that I want to try , itchin to get my bake on . 
k , night now , just wanted to get a couple more sets of lyrics up . 
Glee club ... I think we should organize one , who's game ? 
Spaghetti squash and dvr during baby nap time , livin the dream . 
ahh ... < PROPFEMALE > the explorer songs stuck in my head ... again ... 
Gramps ' bday din din tonight , gettin chore type things done while little boy is with his dad 
bored . mm , yea ... just bored . 
music time with Dommy <3 had a great morning so far , he had not-so-hot hot chocolate this morning and loved it , and now we're playing copy the beat :) stomp it out ! 
its possible that everything is moot . mmph 
well , i had terrible dreams , a cougar was breaking into my house , ( large cat , not the older woman ) planning to eat my dog , me and my baby . What does that even mean !?!? 
Love taking Dom to the park , remembered his shoes today so he was able to get out of the stroller . He loves to pull up all the moss and < PROPFEMALE > it around <3 funny < PROPFEMALE > 
mm , I love the smell of bakin brownies in the morning :) best way to counter weird dreams at 8 am , make something delicious . 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
A full and eventful night of Dom's rockin dance moves , enchiladas , helping my sister rap , and watchin tv w/ my mom . I am soooo exciting . 
Iowa vs Wisconson w/ < PROPFEMALE > and dad , traded the end of the game for Blue Bloods 
Tonight ! adventures with < PROPFEMALE > , followed by adventures with < PROPFEMALE > .... great way to spend the evening ... even though I almost had a flat tire ... < PROPMALE > Schwab I willl see you tomorrow ... 
I made a fort with Dom , and he loved it !!! He didn't just try to throw toys on it and collapse it this time :) Got my bake on after he was in bed , once the pecans are carmelized , I will have pictures to share of my pumpkin cheesecake . I am dripping with pride for how beautiful my it is :) 
Dress up day at the lab tomorrow !!! I'm so excited !!! I feel like a middle aged bored woman when I say things like that sometimes ... 
Irritation . its what happens when you try on your halloween contacts and realize the wrong diameter size was ordered . 
I have a shimmer in my eyes .. no literally I do , it hurts . It's all over the bathroom counter too . 
I feel like mush 
ticket to ghostland observatory concert purchased , check . 
bright red fingernail polish , meet my toes !! 
I think my dad could have picked a better time to mow the lawn ... like not when I just laid Dom down for a nap ... or you know , he could start on the other side of the house ... further away from Dom's room ... 
I love when Dom falls asleep in my arms before nap time <3 my little lovey cuddle bug I just love love love him . my little boy is definately the best thing to ever happen to me <3 
usually it feels like daylight savings time when you sleep that extra hour , but , it didn't affect Dom and my phone is my clock which runs on satellite ... so .... totally forgot about it , i feel robbed ... 
< PROPFEMALE > tired ... Dom is super teething and cranky ... i was up 3 times with the lil nugget last night 
Dom said Ducky !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
movie night ! 
Souffle explosion 
hm , Dommy woke up with a fever today , he was fine last night :( Fever went down a bit and he's sleepin now , but we're gonig to the Doc today to check him out . 
somethin in my eye 
busy busy busy body . what is the best stupid humor movie ? 
ow . bent a chunk of my fingernail back on the baby gate . 
GO BRONCOS TEAR IT UP !!! 
Darn the virus that gets Dom and I up at 6 am ... 
dragging today ... watching football with my dad 
< PROPFEMALE > tired and catching whatever Dom has , little bug is getting better though , great mama baby snuggle sesh this morning for like an hr and a half , curled right up and snoozed on me <3 love being a mommy 
I'm in boogeytown with my baby , and not the dancing one .... 
2:30 am turns into 6 am waaaay too fast . I can already tell , today is going to be a bad day . Plus I saw the weather report . cheeseballs . :( 
mmm , 5 hr energy , you are my new best friend .. 
snow ... ew . I'm leaving the shutters closed so I won't see it and be reminded . 
I will just have to settle for drowning my snow sorrows in baking my parents birthday cake . coconut lime , its deliciousness will be epic 
my cake was awesome , super proud 
Theres a stinger in my finger ! darn bread knives and chemicals 
WHY ?! Sweet Christmas Yams that is TOO much snow ... When it dusts it dumps ... 
day 1 of snow driving and already having problems .. Anyone want to drive me and dom around all winter ? 
not even gonna bother driving today .. dad's pickin me up for work . snow .. uck 
Anybody want to see the new < PROPMALE > potter movie ? 
eat pray love , absolutely delightful 
I think a back to the future marathon is in order . 
Loooong night of nothing to do 
rah rah , mommyhood . Dom is 18 months tomorrow ! 
I need a really good sedative ... 
mm , how I love sleep ... I miss you so much zzzzzs .... 
My wonder tends to wander .. 
VICTORY ! kt i love you sister , the usb adapter worked , and my laptop is back online ! yes yes yes 
I made and frosted so many sugar cookies with my mom today I see them when I close my eyes . I don't even really like sugar cookies ... 
my brain keeps not working ... that doen't sound right ... wow , i can't even form coherent sentances ... slap me 
pedicures ! < PROPFEMALE > used my fingernails to test the colors , rainbow hand going on 
Yay got a new phone joined Verizon ! My number is still the same so next me your name so I can save you in my contacts ! Please and thank you ! 
About to start my job hunt anyone know where a place that is hiring ? 
Bowling tonight at sunset nine ish be there or be lame 
Please please please don't let there be 10 inches .... 
Yay ! Its raining and melting the snow !! Hip hip hurray !!! 
my lip is bleeding ... 
