< PROPFIRST > is wit me , going to get it Krunk 

Ok I need to find some people who would like to and allowed to do a cross country driving trip after graduation . So far I have < PROPFIRST > . No set plans of where we are going just going . 
Anyone interested in Iron Man 2 tonight 7pm show ? 
Anyone know people out side the state who would be able to offer free stays to 3 people , preferably people to the west . I have a place VA , SC , and possibly CA already . 
I have room for one more person for a road trip ! Dates are July 17th - August 18th . Have some money that you are willing to put in to help for gas . All places of stay are for free . Going to < PROPFEMALE > Beach , South < PROPFEMALE > , Texas , and possibly California . Again please have some money , < PROPFIRST > and I are going . 
So a boat was under the World Trade center from the 1700s , they have half of it and it's 32ft long . 
Well I finally !! found out my dorm and roommate today , seems by his area code on his phone he's from Mexico . 
Does anyone else have Starcraft II ? 
What the hell I wake up more sore each day . I wonder what I do in my sleep ... 
Well sweet the schools Ebill saids it'll cost me $44k ( before financial aid ) instead of the original $52k . So now to come up with $29k ... maybe I'll become a stripper as a par t-t ime job . 
Lol not my finalized schedule but looks to be about 1000 minutes a week of class , no class is later than 6pm ... but every other day I have a class at 8am . I have a math class 4 days a week and a common exam class ( idk ) 3 days a week . 3 different chem classes and 3 diff Engr classes . 
I had one of THE best talks with the financial aid office for Drexel ... we talked about how since i still owe $30k after aid and scholarships that I'll be in debt . REALLY ? please explain a little more ... 
Woot finally 18 , took damn long enough . 
Fuck you Battle.net, kicking me off when i'm winning ... fuck you 
Off to college tomorrow see ya'll fuckers next life ... maybe . 
New phone bitches 
woot classes start tomorrow 
OMFG dying of boredom 
Can't wait till Thanksgiving ... I miss food . 
Sooo stupid I lose more points on my math test when I get a right answer and show little work then when I show all work and get the wrong answer . Fuck this shit . 
I'm a motherfuckin ' Cadillac 
Anyone wana give me a ride to and from VCU ? :D 
Everything I've done seems to be wrong , maybe I'll get it right soon . 
Playing WoW PvP and a drinking game ! Every time you die , take a shot . 
