and she screams claudi o-o ! dear claudi o-o ! COHEED IS COMING . 

i have my wits about me and i swear i'm leaving soon 
We're there ! 
went to the drama/theater festival in < PROPFEMALE > today . 
The Coheed concert was awsome ! 
I was completely appalled this morning . read my note . 
what does this mean ? : A competitive and cooperative co-evolutionary approach to multi-objective particle swarm optimization algorithm design 
Happy Halloween-o everyone . 
So there are like 22 people on here right now ... how many of us are avoiding homework ? 
Facebook is such a big waste of time ... 
Just conquered that research paper . 
Field trip tomorrow ! 
Apparently < PROPFEMALE > Murphy just died today ... I'm curious if this is real or fake . 
Does school have to start again tomorrow ? 
Calling all < PROPMALE > sy people ! I am very much in need of < PROPMALE > done by any of you for my stupid project . If any of you would be awsome enough to < PROPFEMALE > me something it would make the whole processes MUCH easier . Anyone interested ? 
Who ever said Psychology was a ' fun ' class lied til their pants caught fire . 
PROCRASTINATION 
Forza on Xbox Live anyone ? Let me know . I need something new to beat : ) 
I quit Facebook until I get all my projects done . 
is the ultimate password finder . 
One final down , two to go . 
I . Am . Screwed . F group projects . 
Someone fix my spell check I'm begging you . It won't check any of the spelling in my final paper and I can't make it turn on . 
Who wants to go do something in the sun ? I think I need to get out there . Let me know ! Maybe the beach ? : ) 
Officially class of 2013 at the UW ! : ) 
It appears a somewhat beach kind of day just turned into a somewhat cloudy < PROPFEMALE > kind of day : ( 
So .... General vote : Should I paint my wheels fuschia or red ? 
Fuschia wheels it is ! Done deal . 
How about we all stop being stupid for like ten minutes . 
This weather is messing up my fashion statements . -_- \ 
\ 
Just be < PROPFEMALE > so I don't have to change again . 
All of my classes this quarter have added to the feeling that I wish I was living back in 1000 BC ... \ 
Evil modern society . 
Learned to drive a stick shift on an STI last night :D 
The people who walk around at the grocery store with ipods on are so obnoxious . Could you be any more tuned out ? Really ? 
Acquired 10 misquito bites in one part of my back last night ... \ 
Soooooo itchy : ( 
Mmmk , who wants to go wakeboarding ? \ 
Let me know and we'll go . 
Got bitch slapped wakeboarding today : ) 
I MUST go to Rufio's concert on the 25th . \ 
Anyone want to join me ? 
Well I enjoyed our adventure despite the lack of greeness . To put a downer on it , apparently they appeared around 10.30 fml . Shooting stars were nice though : ) 
Who wants to go see Four Year Strong with me on October 18th ? 
It's raining\ 
:) 
Anyone want to go see the UW vs . WSU hockey game on saturday ? 
And I thought with being in the middle of UW away from real roads I wouldn't have cars to distract me ... :/ 
I kind of hate tuesdays and thursdays . A lot . 
Oooh seeing someone wakeboarding on the glassy lake while I'm going to school is the worst ! :/ 
Dear Facebook , \ 
You suck . I don't like you . \ 
On a side note , my brownie cupcakes came out quite nicely :) 
Anyone home want to go wakeboarding in like an hour ? 
Procrastination ! 
Going to see Miss < PROPFEMALE > in B-ham this weekend :) 
Aaaand I'm officially sick now :/ 
Circa Survive concert ! 
Wash , dried and vacuumed the little Impreza after the drive over Stevens Pass :) 
Dear creepy men , I wish you could get it through your thick skulls that despite the fact I'm wearing a cute dress I don't want cat calls or whistles from you . 
Thank you bus system for casually leaving me stranded at UW ... 
Made the top 8 female lap times of all time at Traxx tonight ! Go find my picture on the wall :P 
Ugh Why must everything for school have to be done on the computer ? 
Thanks electrical people . I love putting on make-up when the power goes out . 
7/10 of this paper is conquered . \ 
Time to go wash my car or make some cake :) 
Yay UW !!! 
Why does everyone insist on driving 5+ MPH under the speed limit ? I don't understand ... 
Dashboard Confessional concert on January 13th . Anyone want to go ? Its the 10th anniversary tour show :) 
UW wins the bowl game !!! 
So school today makes me want the week to just be over right now . ugh . \ 
Be back never : Time to read my life away . 
Ooooh Seahawks ! Way to take em down ! 
