Gaia : n . The goddess of Earth who bore and married Uranus . Became mother of the Titans and Cyclopes . Also , when said in pig latin , sounds like \I a gay\ " . Just thought I'd throw that in there . " 

I've always wondered what would happy if you fed a lizard antacid tablets ... 
I've always wondered what'd happen if you fed a lizard antacid tablets . 
My little sister wrote a song ; \There are chickens in the barn and there are cows in the barn The cows are eating the hay The chickens don't like laying eggs The kangaroo is not in the barn YAY ! We did it ! \ " Epic ? " 
Looking at my MSN friend list , I've realized that out of the forty-seven contacts , three of them are male . Does that say something about me ? ._. \ " , 2009-06-17 20:04:39 " 
Look what actually TALKING to new people got me , I have a new friend ! x3 
So I was playing Fallout3 Last night , and I realized something ... the French word for \shower\ " is \ " douche \"..." 
Y'know what's bad ? If you talk to your lawnmower ... y'know what's worse ? If it talks back . ._. \ " , 2009-06-20 18:07:18 " 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . DIED . HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE !? 
' Eh ... not too great right now . 
was baptized in the name of Jesus Christ on July 3rd , 2009 . Yay < PROPMALE > . 
Flowing down a river of emotion in an uncontrollable boat . 
The Dusty-Muffin has returned , from visiting his baby brother . x3 
One two , buckle my shoe .. Three four .. shut the -- ... Zzzzzzz 
On vacation in Washington DC .. whoopee . ._. \ " , 2009-07-28 01:10:14 " 
I'm not in the most wonderful mood right now , quite the opposite actually . Keep your distance ' lest you want to be chewed out for no reason . 
Well I was in a good mood , then someone ate it all up .. again . 
I couldn't sleep at all last night .. bleh . x.x ; 
Miiiiiiiiiiiigraine . x.x ; 
If there were no rewards to reap , no loving embrace to see me through this tedious path I've chosen here , I certainly would've walked away by now . - \The Patient\ " by Tool . " 
With my feet upon the ground I lose myself between the sounds I open wide to suck it in I feel it move across my skin I'm reaching up and reaching out I'm reaching for the random or whatever will bewilder me , whatever will bewilder me . Following our will 
\WARNING : Unauthorized Vehicles Will Be Stolen And Their Owners Eaten . \ " Kudos to anyone who can tell me what that's from . " 
< Has been up and working on uncle's rent house for the past nine and a half hours .. ready for rest time . 
So I went to < PROPFEMALE>'s and ordered a single . I paid for a single . They gave me a TRIPLE . That was so much food . No more for a week . x.x 
Marching Band .. is so .. grueling . xD ; 
I JUST GOT < PROPMALE > ROLL'D! Dx ! Curse you Youtuuuuuube ! 
So someone left a radio , a speaker , four rims , and four spinners on my uncle's property in Jacksonville .. they're mine now . 
Just ordered four new shirts and a pair of Tripp pants . Tool , Tool , Nine Inch Nails , and Rage Against the Machine shirts .. ftw , in a nutshell . Simply ftw . :] 
This little light of mine that you've passed onto me , I'm gonna ' let it shine and guide you safely on your way , your way home . - \Wings For Marie\ " by Tool . " 
Today is Serj Tankian's ( Vocalist for SOAD ) birthday if I'm not mistaken . Happy birthday , Serj . :] 
Got my tenor saxophone . Yahoo ~ . 
I CAN'T MAKE IT PAST F ON THE SAX . Dx ! 
Whoo ~ ! My chat-bar on Facebook had a scroll bar on it for a second . First time for everything . :] 
Here comes the water . All I knew and all I believed are crumbling images that no longer comfort me . I scramble to reach higher ground , some order and sanity , or something to comfort me . So I take what is mine , and hold what is mine , suffocate what is mine , and bury what's mine . Soon the water will come and claim what is mine . I must leave it behind , and climb to a new place now . 
Love is what I got , it's within my reach . Yeah , and the sublime style's still straight from long beach . It all comes back to you , you'll finally get what you deserve . Try and test that , you're bound to get served . Love's what I got , don't start a riot . You'll feel it when the dance gets hot -- \What I Got\ " - Sublime " 
So I got Left 4 Dead on the computer .. I was a disgrace to < PROPFIRST>' \tough guy\ " persona . Especially when I could hear the Witch crying . <<\"" 
' Like ' this if you think I should shave my head . 
One hundred Facebook friends . It's pretty trippy if you think about it . Didn't knew I even KNEW that many people , let alone liked them . <<\" , 2009-08-31 23:51:49 " 
Last night the game didn't end until 11:15 , I didn't get HOME until midnight . ;-; 
Time for some serious headbanging ! 
Just got back from a weekend retreat at Camp Takodah for my church . I can't feel my legs . 
Been playing Left4Dead so much I've started dreaming about it . ._. \ " , 2009-09-12 16:42:22 " 
I now own a beanie , a top hat , a purple tie , and a fedora . Life is great . 
So I'm fitting in nicely with the character I am in my play . I'm doing very well ! Yay ! 
I lost the game . 
Some meanie-face threw away my beanie at school .. I miss it now . ;-; 
Someone needs to go get me another Hot Pocket .. ONE IS NEVER ENOUGH 
I'm BOARD .. 
So I had like , a last bite of a Hot Pocket left and the phone rang , and in my hurry to answer it .. I'm not sure if I ate my Hot Pocket or set it down , and now I can't find it . ._. \ " , 2009-09-20 00:16:02 " 
Feelin ' down .. not sure why . 
I'm tired , feeling down .. goin ' to bed soon . 
This little light of mine that you've passed onto me , I'm gonna ' let it shine and guide you safely on your way .. your way home . - \Wings For Marie\ " by Tool " 
I believe I can see the future . ' Cause I repeat the same routine . I think I used to have a purpose , but then again .. that might have been a dream . I think I used to have a voice , now I never make a sound . I just do what I've been told . I really don't want , them to come around , oh no . - \Every Day Is Exactly The Same\ " by Nine Inch Nails " 
I lost , the game . Dx ! 
Do vampires defecate ? .. See ? These are the kind of thoughts that keep me out of the really good schools . ;-; 
Shaved the ' stache . My awesome super powers will lay dormant until it returns . 
With my feet upon the ground I lose myself between the sounds I open wide to suck it in I feel it move across my skin . I'm reaching up and reaching out I'm reaching for the random or whatever will bewilder me , whatever will bewilder me . Following our will and wind we may just go where no one's been . We'll ride the spiral to the end , we may just go where no one's been . Spiral out , keep going . - \Lateralus\ " by Tool . " 
Playing Left 4 Dead , right ? The first Tank shows up and owns < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . We kill Tank just in time for both our teammates to die . The Witch that just happened to be crouched by a car is startled and starts running at us . She kills Zoey and I kill her . I go to try and revive Zoey , only to be snagged by a Smoker . I'm dragged into a corner , and mauled . Never playing on Expert again . 
People tell me to get over it and move on . But that's like walking around a rock wall instead of climbing it . There's no sense of accomplishment , no warm and fuzzy feeling . I'm going up that sucker without a harness , if I fall , I fall . But imagine how good I'd feel if I overcame this obstacle ? 
G'radda radda radda ra'~ .. ;-; 
So if you started a cult , what inanimate object do you think you'd worship ? I'd be Reverend Muffin . ;D 
I just lost the game . 
I got the best jacket today ... It's so soft and warm . x3 
Would you cuss out a friend for politely justifying your own hypocrisy ? 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > Manson's version of \This is Halloween\ " over and over . " 
I agree with < PROPFIRST > Carlin , if we want to get less people to commit crimes like murder and such , bring back the good old Crucifixion . No more prissy little lethal injections . 
I've reached the conclusion that a Russian man without a jacket is the equivalent of an American completely nude . 
NO < PROPFEMALE > THAT'S A BAD < PROPFEMALE > 
For Halloween I plan to be a Ninja cleverly disguised as myself . ;D 
I just got punished by my uncle because I don't like Mexican food . 
I painted my nails purple . 
I went Trick Or Treating with my Mommy Halloween . :] 
Going to see m'ah little brother soon . :] 
' Ah , I've missed < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > so much . It was refreshing to see them , if only for two days . 
I just lost The Game . 
Okay , srsly .. my computer had a spaz attack . Next time it's going to have a spaz attack out the window . > / 
It's kinda ' incredible how we take things for granted , especially friends . When's the last time you just told a close friend how much you care ? We think it's .. an understood thing , but imagine how good it were to feel if someone close to you let you know just how much they cared .. 
That sure did last . 
Congratulations to all Quiz Bowlers . Especially to Conway High East for their winning the tournament . 
< PROPFIRST > Bowie . :] 
There is a pimple on my arm . According to my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , I now have a Staff Infection , am susceptible to every disease on the planet , and need an MRI . 
Oh lawdy ~ , < PROPMALE > shared a Moutain Dew with me . Pray my aunt won't figure out and think I have mono or oral herpes . 
I can't wait for < PROPFIRST>'s tomorrow . I get to play his new GAME with him , it should be a fun GAME . Left 4 Dead 2 ftw . I love GAMES . GAMES are the best , especially when you LOSE THEM . 
When Dementors are near , it's like the Artic Zone , so I Hufflepuff the chronic ' til the Sorceror's stoned . At the drive thru ' with my invisibility cloak , for the Order of the Pheonix I'll take fries and a coke ! I eat chocolate frogs and booger flavored beans . I be grubbin ' on < PROPFEMALE>'s hot'n spicy wings ! 
Everyone knows I appreciate and love life , and I'm not going suicidal or anything .. but sometimes I just feel overwhelmed . It seems like everything is pushing me from all directions , like I'm going to implode .. 
Bad thoughts gone . ;D 
Darrian Castillo is my pet < PROPFEMALE > . > / 
This migraine needs to go away , or I'mma kick it in the face . 
' Eh , my luck is crap sometimes . 
There is one more minute of morning so , good morning everyone ! 
I'm making ramen noodles ~ . > D 
Stupid Hot Pockets , they're so hot but I want them now . They won't cool down quick enough and I have to wait or it's like magma in my mouth . But I want them now ! 
More than halfway decent Giving of Thanks day ev'ryone . 
Does it make me a bad person if I get \I'm on a Boat\ " stuck in my head ? " 
Happy Not-Thanksgiving-Anymore Day everybody ! 
Going to be playing some video game .. not sure which yet , but a video game . I'll check the computer once every .. few , hours . ._. \ " , 2009-11-27 19:49:13 " 
Doctor , my sister has cancer . .. > / ZOMBIE CANCER ! HAHA , Yeah ! 
My aunt and uncle are home , someone get the taser ! 
Cleaned my room today , it's a sign of the apocalypse ! Dx ! 
My darling insists that my status requires a semicolon , so here we are : I cleaned my room today ; it's a sign of the apocalypse ! Dx ! 
Today was a fun day . :] 
Only lost the game four times thus far today ! 
Can you go from listening to Dethklok's \Laser Cannon Death Sentence\ " to Beethoven's \ " Moonlight Sonata\ " without being considered insane ? ._. " 
Someone decided to line the front door with flashing Christmas lights .. I glance that way everytime they turn on .. which is like , every few seconds . ._. \ " , 2009-12-03 03:00:19 " 
I find it extremely difficult to believe that Nine Inch Nails is gone ; I might cry . 
\Cool Guys Don't Look At Explosions \"." 
If you had a tail , would you < PROPMALE > it frequently ? 
Please tell me I'm not the only one who laughs everytime the word \diarrhea\ " comes into conversation . <<\"" 
\Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat\ " was awesome . I loved it . ;D " 
I had one of the best days today . For once , nothing is going wrong . :] 
What if everything around you isn't quite as it seems ? What if all the world you used to know is an elaborate dream ? And if you look at your reflection is it all you want it to be ? What if you could look right through the cracks ? Would you find yourself , find yourself afraid to see ? - \Right Where it Belongs\ " by Nine Inch Nails " 
' Mm .. Hot Pockets ~ . 
My uncle just handed me forty dollars for Christmas shopping and told me what a good kid I am . I feel all bubbly . ;D 
Just got done playing GOW 2 shirtless . 
I think my lightswitch has a ' different ' smell to it . Smelt like burning rubber or something . 
Why do adults always see the need to trump a teenager's plans in almost every possible way ? 
Fell back into Fallout 3 , been playing that like it's an addiction . 
If you had a pet hedgehog , would you name it Obadiah ? 
Happy Christmas , world ! 
Assassin's Creed II is great and so is < PROPFIRST > . 
My muscles hurt .. ;-; 
is currently lost in the Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence . 
Bleh , why can't life be peachy ? S'always got something going on . 
\The Cybord Slayers\ " by Dethklok sounds insane-awesome . ._. " 
Okay so , the weather dude was soooooo sure it was going to snow . Everyone was all psyched and all happy .. so naturally , we had school . :] 
I wish every day could be like today . I had so much fun . 
I had a good day again . Let's see how long the streak lasts . 
Defenestration is a fun word , even more so when put into practice . 
I had an AWESOME weekend . 
I don't care what people say .. I CAN very well enjoy Dethklok and Owl City . 
Two months today . Huzaah ! 
Quiz Bowl was hectic , but fun . Congratulations to Conway East for placing first .. again . << 
Random threat of the day : I will cut off my hand , ball it into a fist , put it in a cannon , and shoot it right at YOUR FACE . 
I have decided that I want a moscot-style Mountain Dew can costume . I would walk down the street dressed in it . 
\The Big Come Down\ " by Nine Inch Nails always makes me want to jump around . Name a song that does the same for you . " 
I think this may be the earliest I've ever been on Facebook . Hoorah ! 
Attention Facebook . I , have a hat . 
Dusty-Muffin tummy hurt . ;-; 
You and me , we're in this together now , none of them can stop us now , we will make it through somehow . You and me , even after everything , you're the < PROPFEMALE > and I'm the < PROPMALE > , nothing else means anything . - \We're in this Together\ " by Nine Inch Nails " 
The me that you know used to have feelings but the blood has stopped pumping and he is left to decay . The me that you know is now madew up of wires and even when I'm right with you , I'm so far away . - \The Becoming\ " by Nine Inch Nails " 
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
Yay , the OG Quiz Bowl team is going to state ! 
I had big fun at the super party of bowl . 
So I disappear for five minutes , come back , and Facebook is spasmagasmically made over . 
No , I will NOT bash your face in with a golf club , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Anyone who gets the reference wins . 
desperately wants his GTA IV here now . 
just beat Wave 50 of Horde on Gears of War 2 . Also , wants GTA IV . 
wants his copy of GTA IV , NAO . 
I am now no longer < PROPFIRST>'s boyfriend .. I'm her girlfriend . Also , I want GTA IV . 
This is the part where the wealthy but unhappy boy seriously questions what he stands for , and if he deserves what he has . 
Happy birthday , < PROPMALE > ! 
I am not birthday'd anymore . 
Is about ready to murderlate someone because of Quiz Bowl . <<\" , 201 0-0 3-01 01:54:56 " 
\Ain't no Rest for the Wicked\ " is the one of the greatest songs with some of the worst grammar . xD ; " 
had an awesome time with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and his Dev'Con . :] 
Why do half of the fanpages , questions , and quizzes on Facebook assume I have a phone ? 
One does not simply skip rope into Mordor ! 
Some people have a tendency to beat themselves up a little bit too much . 
< PROPFIRST > Durden says ; \Use Soap . \"" 
Who here actually knows of Jethro Tull ? 
I just fan'd 77 things in the past ten minutes .. wow . 
This is the part where the boy really tries to comprehend what he has and his luck in having it . 
Feelin ' pretty stupid right about now . 
I love it when you wake up , and everyone in the house is in a good mood . 
Enjoyed time with his Dev'a'dev today . Also , \How to Train your Dragon\ " was shamazing and adorable . " 
Das Monster aus dem Schrank . 
I may be spacey , but at least I'm not a giant walrus that just turned itself inside out . 
I love plays .. they're the perfect excuse to get away with wearing eyeliner . 
saw his Dev'Con today . Needless to say , it was a good day . 
Everyone has their stupid moments ; this is a known and accepted fact . I'm convinced , however , that some people are just all-around , flat-out dumb . Even if they're smart . 
Mowed the lawn for the first time this year today . I want nap . 
< PROPMALE > Wheeler , Justice Wright , and I were all suspended or punished for exercising our right to feedom of speech ( or lack thereof ) by participating in the Day of Silence . 
My milkshake bringeth all ye gentlefolk to the yard and they're like , it's better than thine . Verily , it's better than thine . I could teach you , but I must levy a fee . 
Muffin no longer has long hair . 
Hello contacts , goodbye depth perception . 
Today , 4-20-2010 , would be Adolf Hitler's 121st birthday . 
One o'those days .. where you just wanna ' curl up and hide somewhere for a while . 
Two o'those days in a row . 
Think I'm just gonna ' sleep through the whole weekend .. 
Had an excellent day with his Dev'Con . 
I feel weird , empty almost . Strange . 
It takes a real culinary artist to understand that peanut butter and jelly cannot be simply smeared on on the bread , then put together to form a sandwich . It must first be put in a bowl together and mixed until it has reached the perfect consistency , then put on the bread . 
Neulich auf der Wiese Ist was gescheh'n Wollte nur spazieren geh'n Da stand ' ne Kuh Muh ! 
The storm last night was amazing . 
Ever have those days , where you just want to not exist ? 
Alle meine Entchen , schwimmen auf dem See . Köpfchen in das Wasser , schwänzchen in die Höh . 
\Oblivion\ " by Mastodon might just be enough to send goosebumps crawling across my skin . I love it when music has such an affect on me . " 
\Be considerate of others or I will bite your torso and give you a disease ! \ " - ATHF Colon Movie intro song . " 
The musical tonight was amazing . We got it together on the very last day . 
Edgefest was THE most fun thing I did in a long time , hands down ; Lacuna Coil and The Veer Union were the best . I had a great time with < PROPFIRST > Luallen ( his first concert ) and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( My first concert with her ) . I seriously hope something as awesome as this happens again soon . 
Two days until the new We Butter the Bread with Butter album . I can't wait ! 
A man in < PROPFEMALE > was reportedly killed when two friends decided to insert an eel into his anus while he was asleep . The fifty cenimeter eel ate away at his bowels and he died from internal bleeding . I'm scared of eels . 
Fellow Oak Grove students . Remember to bring money to donate so we can help out Mrs. Jenkens . She needs it now more than ever . 
I pour my feelings out into a huge message , everything that's bothering me . Everything that's getting me down . Everything that I disagree with that they do , and NOTHING changes . 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > has got to be one of the lamest stories I've ever read . An Elizabethan Degrassi . =/ 
So .. I'm grounded from my Xbox because instead of going to the church devotional tonight I wanted to stay at home and work on my essays that are due Tuesday . Logicfail , anyone ? 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio . 
Dio has left us , but now I believe that he will form a band with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Bonham , and < PROPMALE > Abbot . The most amazing band , Ledio Pantallica . When we are all in Rock Heaven , we will rejoice and pump our fists as they play their hearts and souls out to intertwine with ours . Musical nirvana will be acheived , and life will be good . 
I obtained the last copy of Red Dead Redemption at < PROPMALE > World today . I feel amazing , can't wait to play it . 
I do believe , that each and every one of you could use a motivational message : You can choose whether or not to be angry at someone , it's not out of your control . Resolve your problems now . 
It's been half a year since I asked < PROPFIRST > to be my girlfriend . I'mma happy Muffin . 
Currently suffering from Inabilitytokeepanytypeoffoodordrinkwhatsoeverdownitis . Being sick sucks . 
Attention Facebook , disregard the fact that I'm up well past when I need to be . We Butter the Bread with Butter's newest album , Der Tag An Dem Die Welt Unterging , is amazingly awesome . 
Seriously wants his Dev'Con . 
Going to watch the Nine Inch Nails : Beside You In Time DVD . 
I just took a pretty amazing Sunday afternoon nap . 
Saw his Dev'Con and beat the main story to Red Dead Redemption today . It was an amazing day after the latter . > D 
I'm a sleepy Muffin . 
I was mowing the lawn today when a frog decided to hop on over to me . I didn't notice until my mower was over him and he hopped again . I feel terrible . 
Derp . 
As of .. ritenao , Cage The Elephant is THE most catchy band I've heard thus far . 
Aching muscles , flip-flopped shaped burnlines , Wolf Spider bites on the feet .. I've experienced all of these at Camp Caudle Service Days or whatever it was called . Needless to say , it was amazingly awesome . 
Had a wonderful day with his Dev'Con . I wish every day would be like this . 
Anyone else see < PROPFIRST > Moore bomb a song from the new Rock Band at E3 earlier ? 
cannot hear out of his right ear . 
I'm Commander Shepard , and this is my favorite store on the Citadel . 
Returned from Uplift today .. I can has sleep . 
Just got back from visiting < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for the first time in six months . It was way too short . 
How am I the 1,000,000 th visitor twice in a row , then the 999,999 th visitor the next time ? 
I'mma see my Dev'a'Dev today . ;D 
Gets to go to Camp Caudle for a week . Muffin will miss friends , and Devon .. and his other girlfriends too . ;D 
Goodbye , Camp Caudle . Hello , best shower of the year . 
Been fine for seven hours .. now the sad actually sets in . 
My brain says it was the best thing for both parties , my heart argues . 
\What if the world was made of glazed doughnuts ? \"" 
Pretty much owned Bad Company 2 for five or six hours with < PROPFIRST > Brooks\ 
\ 
and some other amazing teammate we met in game . 
\The Book of Eli\ " was perhaps one of the best movies I've ever seen . " 
I'm maybe a bit too insensitive . 
Maybe at some point , things will clear up and life will be amazing . Until then , Muffin's here , enduring . 
Hello world , I have braces . 
What's this unfamiliar emotion tickling my insides and making me smile ? Hello , Happy . It has been a while . 
wants to be happy . 
My Xbox 360 just red-ringed , aunt and uncle won't get me another one so .. I'm videogameless for a long , long time . 
Today was pretty fun , all in all . 
can has water slides . 
Dream Theater ftw . < PROPFIRST > Portnoy , anybody ? 
Thirty-six hugs and some new quad mallets today . Good day . 
Panzerschreck ! 
saw his Dev'Con today . Happy happy day . 
Meh . 
Not sure when my emotions are going to settle . I'm okay with it , then I'm devastated . I'm perfectly fine , then I'm crying . 
Mars needs women ! 
Needs moar cowbell . 
3 Inches of Blood ftw . 
\I got the swagger of a cripple . \ " - Spose " 
One of those days where you feel like crap for no obvious reason . 
Trimming my fingernails and listening to 3 Inches of Blood . Interested combination . 
Split your lungs with blood and thunder when you see the white whale ! Break your backs and crack your oars , men , if you wish to prevail ! This < PROPFIRST > leg is what propels me , harpoons thrust in the sky ! Aim directly for his crooked brow , and look him straight in the eye ! White Whale , Holy Grail ! 
So my new quads came in today . That was fantastic . The bad part is that the screws to attach the drums to each other are too large for the holes in the shells . I'm scared to damage the set so I can't really do anything with it . Months of waiting for this let down .. not a happy day . 
New quads are working out great now that I finally got them to work correctly . 
I am are ill . Sad day . Hopefully I'll be good for school tomorrow . Also , if you have my number in your phone , you should text me with your name . I got a new phone , so I don't have anyone's < PROPFIRST > . My number is the same . Not posting it for obvious reasons . 
Complications are complicated . 
Favorite percussionist , band or otherwise . GO GO GO ! \ 
< PROPFIRST > Portnoy . 
No Shave November is officially over . Everyone , pick up your neglected razors and go SHAVE ! THAT ! HAIR ! Whooo ! Or , if you're lazy , like me , you can put it off for a few days . 
is trying to love himself so others will love him too . 
So lost .. confused , lonely . 
Spent all day yesterday in the snow with < PROPFIRST > . Pretty amazing day with a pretty amazing friend . 
Avenged Sevenfold + Marching Band = Win . 
New semester , realize that I need to work harder . Do all homework and pay attention in every class . Get phone taken for last semester's grades . Figures . Ah well , I'll get it back at midterm . No one feel unloved if you text me , because I do not has phone . 
I feel like all I can do sometimes is makes things worse for myself . Can't stop saying the wrong things .. 
I really hate being alone , but I'm in a type of mood where I'd just irritate everyone else . Blah , hope I can cheer up soon . 
Stop . Being . Sad . 
just tried to drink some sparkling water , without taking the lid off of the bottle . I died . 
Ich habe Schlaflosigkeit . Danke , Lexapro , Danke . 
Can has earrings . 
Favorite song for the drums ? \ 
\ 
\Constant Motion\ " - Dream Theater " 
The sky is falling ! 
We can has snow . 
Figures . 
I know what I want now . I'm not sure how I'm going to get it , but I know .. and that's a start , right ? 
Winterfest needs to hurry up and get here . I need the escape . 
I have a knack at ruining just about everything I come across . 
\Tear down these walls for me . Stop me from going under . You are the only one who knows I'm holding back . It's not too late for me to keep from sinking further . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Petrucci " 
Epically trolled by < PROPFIRST > . 
Winterfest = Win 
To all of whom wished me a happy birthday , I am far too lazy to respond to you all . Thank you . 
Everyone , have an awesome weekend . Ritenao . 
I hate it when I have to expel a huge burp from my system , but it only comes out in hundreds of < PROPFEMALE > burps . 
Happy Ides , Caesar ! 
I have returned from Disney World . ;D 
\Roll the window down ; this cool night air is curious . Let the whole world look in ; who cares who sees anything ? \"" 
Deftones ftw . 
Crysis 2 > Sleep 
Open the door\ 
Get on the floor\ 
Everybody walk the dinosaur . 
Slim Shady LP ftw . 
< PROPFIRST > Steele , bassist and vocalist of the band Type O Negative , died one year ago today of heart failure after several years of dedicated sobriety . Rest in Peace , < PROPFIRST > . You're missed . 
Best crash ever . 
At the meeting of my spinal cord and brain lays a center of gravity that's slowly growing stronger . Pretty soon , my head will implode and form a black hole . 
