I love shapoopy 

Sex is like tennis . If one person is way better at it than the other it doesn't quite work . 
Roses are red , but there are also pink , white and yellow varieties Violets aren't blue , they're < PROPFEMALE > , hence the name I've got OCD And my poetry skills are also lacking . 
STR : 9 CON : 12 DEX : 10 INT : 16 WIS : 7 CHR : 3 -2 CON conditional modifier due to apathetic mindset . With attributes like these its a wonder I made it past ECL 1 . 
So I was contemplating the infinite mysteries of the universe I inhabit , when it occured to me that I really like pancakes with cinnamon , nutmeg , and just a hint of brown sugar or molasses . 
Im gonna go smoke cigars .... LIKE A BOSS 
Popeye's Chicken compells me and I must answer . Fried chicken with a side of red beans and rice is in my future , now all I must do is go forth and claim it . TO VICTORY !!!!! 
There are 10 kinds of people in this world , those that understand binary and those that don't 
Anyone else think it makes someone sound narcasistic when fb says that they commented on her own status ? 
Q . I have two sons , one strong and the other meek . Both wish for schooling but I can only send one . Whom do I choose ? A . Neither , I become such a drunken degenerate that the state takes them from me and sends them to school for me . Ancient Chinese wisdom can lick my taint . 
$DO || ! $DO ; try ; try : command not found 
Have you ever felt like walking into a random Target and imparting Stark Trek related death on every employee in sight ? 
Ubuntu FTW 
Money can't buy you happines , but it does bring a more pleasent form of misery 
erbody does song lyrics in their status , so here's mine .... TRANSFORMERS ... robots in disguise ... autobots wage a BATTLE TO DESTRY THE EVIL FORCES OF the DECEPTICONS ! 
thanks for the birthday wishes now get back to whatever u were doing 
Radeon 5770 is in the mail ... Newegg FTW 
on my way to an autobot cake , pictures will be taken 
If they fuck Tron as hard as they fucked Clash of the Titans , Hollywood Will BURN 
just found a game my computer can run witout the new graphics card . the first fallout FTW . 
had some issues installing my graphics card , figured out is was just a simple ID10T error : user lacks intelligence to operate basic computational equipment . Once I plugged the card into the power supply the error seemed to correct itself tho . 
ten hour shift tommorow . GET MONEY BITCHES 
So < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > just lost every ounce of respect that his fans had for him earlier tonight . Just needed to get that off my chest 
If guitar picks were proximity mines id have died within the last minute 
Just got fired . On the brightside tho , I found a lucky < PROPFEMALE > . Guess that makes today neutral overall . 
Ive decided to start living healthy . Instead of bacon drippings as an IV , im watching television and eating frozen mini tacos/freezepops 
starting to eat like a broke man again . red beans and rice ftw ! 
< PROPMALE > Tesla was like electic Jesus 
Females learn to talk earlier , use sentances earlier , and read more quickly than males , but still end up making us sandwiches . Just goes to show how far a good backhand can take you in life . 
ATTENTION FAT KIDS . Popping popcorn in bacon grease is an excellent idea . THAT IS ALL . 
Words are to the mind what music is to the soul . Keeping that in mind , I believe my soul closely resembles a middle school dance , because the chicken dance is stuck in my head . 
fat kids math .... \ 
3 ? - 2i > -3 ? 
So i just got Coca-Cola thats imported from Mexico made from pure cane sugar in glass bottles , and yes , its every bit as good as it sounds 
This feeling inside is undeniable . My inside rumble without you , my heart heavy in my chest . Though knowing this feeling will pass when we are together , the minutes stretch to eternity , and I am left on its cliff-edge . Every moment of my life has lead to this one , and that is why this is fate . < PROPFEMALE > , thy name is breakfast ! 
so I'm thinkin Utorrent needs to fix its \user-mapped section open\ " error for windows 7 and windows vista " 
After several minutes of hard consideration , I have determined that it is in fact eight in the morning , not eight in the evening . 
so i have a ten pound bag of potatoes . I need new ways to cook them . Ive done boiled mashed and semi-hashed browns in the last three days . Anyone got somethin else ? 
So I just found out how rotary engines work . HOLY SHIT . I think the ONLY reason its not the standard internal combustion engine is because its hard to take the name Wankel Engine seriously 
Bing is a fantastic product . I know that because i Googled it . 
so i realized my inner fat-man is beginning to take over when i was staring at my thigh in the shower and wondered if it tasted like beef , pork , or lamb , and how i would cook it . 
It's times like these that you have to remember that God has a contingency plan to fix these kinds of messes . I think He calls it the apocolypse . 
I write my own rules ! I take DayQuil at NIGHT ! DO YOU UNDERSTAND ?! 
Scintillate , scintillate , globule vivific ;\ 
Fain would I fathom thy nature specific . \ 
Loftily poised in ether capacious , \ 
Strongly resembling a < PROPFIRST > carbonaceous . 
i need to time travel 12 minutes into the future so my chicken will be cooked 
\Cool kids don't wear helmets ! \ " \ 
I love how the sales pitch for Mountain Dew for the past decade and a half has been extreme sports , but the only time I really consume a notable amount of it is when I play Dungeons and Dragons 
I think the worst voices to have in you're head for the rest of your life would be the swedish aliens from ATHF arguing with the governator . 
lupinare = den of the she wolves = ancient < PROPMALE > term for brothel\ 
Just thought everyone should know that 
teriyaki beef and bellpeppers makes my life 
Do androids dream of elecric sheep ? 
I hope my last words are \This is a cool way to die \"" 
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo . Yes grammer nazis , it is a sentance . 
Women are easily the most workable < PROPMALE > Neumann machines in existance . 
So I've been arguing with the cleverbot.com < PROPFEMALE > about the Turing Test and its merits . I need a new hobby . 
so , why did no one tell me firefly was awesome ? 
\Analogies are like sandwiches in that I'm making one \"" 
\He crafts words like a steamroller plows through hot asphalt \"" 
\God has a plan\ " \ 
I long for a granite tombstone that says \Nothing is written in stone \"" 
Prayer is a direct channel by which the faithful can speak with God , and I use it every day to file bug reports . 
Linux will ruin me ... 
\The downside to being superior is that people tend to think you're pretentious \"" 
\The best thing about being in school is that it verifies the state of being implied by this statemant \"" 
\I don't care about the money ! I care about the stuff \"" 
where the hell does the Enterprise keep getting new crew members ? 
Be instead , like the prow of a boat . It slices through water , but leaves behind it water unbroken 
how does firefly get cancelled in the first month but two and a half men gets a seven year run ? 
Today I showed up to an exam I didn't know I had . After finishing the exam , I did the lab report that was due in the class I have immediatly following the class I had the exam in . During that class , I snuck out to buy a lab book , wrote the pre lab for the lab I was in the middle of doing , and I still got credit for it . Preparation FAIL or Procrastination WIN ? 
\What happened to your fiancee ? \ " \ 
Pluto\ 
Feburary 18 , 1930 - August 24 , 2006\ 
Revolve in Peace 
So , anyone that's ever enjoyed COD MW should buy the new Medal of Honor . It's .... so .... awesome ..... 
Today has been uterly and completly wasted . Here's to a more productive future . 
Person 1 : \ ... so since I already had taken his knife and roughed him up a bit 
Disciple : \So you know what I'm going to do before I do it ? \ " \ 
So I haven't played Fallout : New Vegas today . Instead , I'm about 100 pages into Dune . I'm so happy right now ... 
what's everyone doin ' tonight ? I spent good money on my costume , and it's NOT going to waste ... 
OK , so MAYBE I lost my phone a week ago . Whatever , they're practically giving away droids now . Right ? 
might have to get firefox so the stumble add-on will work ... 
Watching modern marvels , and they are talking about supersized foods . Right now , they're talking about giant cupcakes . Isn't that just regular cake ? 
Quidquid latine dictum sit aldus viditur . 
edit : Minds of similar mental capacity yeild similar results given analogous stimuli . 
In honor of Veterans Day , I went through the campaign of MW2 for the first time . 
Screw best thing since sliced bread , best thing since fried chicken needs to happen . 
There's no place like 192.168.0.1 
fine , i guess i'll have to try a mcrib 
I'm thinking about dessert , and I can't decide between ice cream and pizza ... 
I realized today that i love language . Everything from the sound it makes , the genises of other languages , the logic behind grammatic structures of English and other languages ... \ 
It is fair to say that language is the single most important invention of the human race . Without it , communication would be nothing better than a game of charades in which the winner is never clear . \ 
That being said , I still hate poetry . 
got a new phone\ 
I am happy 
so some scientist's believe the best course of action to get to Mars would be to have people volunteer for a one way trip . My mom had to strictly forbid me from signing up . 
New favourite word : microcosm 
ok , so kubuntu is the most beautiful thing to ever happen to my desktop 
I think I like binary because the 100 Horsemen of the Apocolypse sounds more intimidating than the 4 Horsemen of the Apocolypse . 
HEY . For those who are interested , demonoid registrations are open right now . 
why won't fb let my current location be Low Earth Orbit ? 
Splinter Cell : Conviction should just be called \Sam Fisher is the Biggest Badass to Walk the Planet \"" 
the average person has one ovary 
One day I wanna copy somebody's status word for word and see if they notice 
I want to post song lyrics , but all of them seem lacking without their original context . 
finally got a webcam . No need for a mirror anymore at least . 
I spent several hours on one math problem , then woke up this morning and solved in in 5 minutes . I love calculus . 
I just realized that the only pictures I've taken with my phone of thanksgiving pies and the quiche I made a few days ago . 
... would you kindly ? 
\This concept of ' wuv ' confuses and INFURIATES us ! \"" 
Why do I get video games in 60 fps but my movies are still only 25 ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Cleef is in \Gunfight at the O.K. Coral\ " . That makes me happy . " 
\Odd-Job owns you . Feel his ownage . \"" 
< PROPFIRST > Daniels is sponsoring a Mythbusters marathon , which brings me to the point that the combination of whiskey and science cannot be advocated more highly . 
Choking on a massive dust storm . Cracked the PC to replace the power supply , ended up eating a gallon of dust . 
Everything just seems right with the world when I'm playing a Bioware game . 
My chemistry professor is Doc Brown . I can't wait to learn the principals of the flux capacitor and the flying car . 
When I'm with you , I feel 3 pounds lighter . Because you bore the shit outta me . And I had a big lunch . 
So wait , if we can ARBITRARILY change the astrological signs due the dynamic nature of the universe we live in , does that mean that they were always a mindless preoccupation of our time and a way to blame the stars for our successes and failures instead of our own ambitions ? 
\I write my own rules ! I take Dayquil at night ! DO YOU UNDERSTAND ?! \"" 
WOOHOO ! Another Bestiary ! 
Cogito Ergo Cogito\ 
The Mantra of the Conservative Philosopher 
I know I say rage-quite is bullshit , but I just had to quite a game of < PROPFIRST > Kart . Screw the Special Cup Grand Prix . 
I'm ridiculously excited to see Watson on Jeopardy next month . 
Cavalera Conspiracy is coming out with an album during my birth-month . That's right , even the Cavaleras care about me . 
Holy crap , Green Hornet re-runs on SyFy ! 
< PROPMALE > Follis is not a slut ;P 
New power supply . YOUR WELCOME , COMPUTER . 
My processor is too slow to run dead space 2 > < 
Pretty sure my computer told me to go screw myself when I tried to overclock it . 
They pushed BRINK back to May 17th ! So much for a Spring release date . 
So I had a dream last night that a friend of mine was a serial killer , but I can't remember which friend ... 
Re-reading the civil war story arcs . I'm so happy . 
WOOHOO ! Just got rid of 1300+ files from my computer ! 
Just got done firing 40 rounds with my grandfather's Remington M1903 Springfield rifle with my dad . I only missed 2-3 rounds out of 30-ish . :D 
Had a bowl full of sour milk this morning with my breakfast , I don't even want to think about dairy products . 
Waltz With Bashir ? Yeah , you should watch it . 
Calc 2 is awesome 
Virtual Clone Drive , I am leaving you . Hello , PowerIso ... 
So yeah , for all you people looking for super power , Uber Mentalist that uses 100% of brain is total crap . You already use all of it , most of it's functions are just mutually exclusive . 
It's done . I am now in consideration to play test < PROPFEMALE > Wars : The Old Republic . 
Go to your profile the first 5 friends on the left side are your zombie apocalypse team . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Alford , < PROPFEMALE > Lydon , < PROPFEMALE > Seals , < PROPFEMALE > Alford , and < PROPFEMALE > Jenna . \ 
Two of them are in New York , one is in Texas , and the others are a half hour away . If we can battle a zombie apocalypse via Skype I think we'd be in good shape . 
Who else thinks the internet was invented just to see how gullible people are ? 
I've never seen him so down - or ever before . 
SONG LYRICS TIME ! \ 
Thunder .... Thunder .... THUNDER .... THUNDERCATS .... HOOOOO !!!!!!! 
It is a fine thing to be honest , but it is also very important to be right . 
Derp Moment Of The Day :\ 
I un-installed Realtek High Definition Audio Codec instead of RealPlayer . 
\I've been drinking whiskey since breakfast\ " APPARENTLY isn't a good excuse for showing up late to class . " 
I'll < PROPMALE > you through the yard , and all through the house into the dark , oh I , wanna steal your heart . And eat your brains . 
Thinking too hard about whiskey makes my stomach turn . 
\Don't worry 
Quantum materiae materietur marmota monax si marmota monax materiam possit materiari ? 
