Last night of TTLX ! 

is heading to Knoxville - all my TN friends , lets < PROPFEMALE > out !!! 
is in Knoxville , TN !!! 
Just had some new headshots taken ! 
new headshot ! 
is packing ... again .. I swear I just got unpacked 
< PROPMALE > Top - You'll Always Be Home Sweet Home To Me ! ... Heading Home ! 
Has made it to Knoxville ! .. 7 days of awesomeness 
just a reminder - I'm in KNOXVILLE !!! 
Smells like gameday ! 
Just say a University of Oregan tv commercial ... some chick doing modern ... terrible 
workshop classes start tomorrow !!! 
had a ton of fun with the Dance Society Workshop !! 
Hates watery coffee ... 
is fired up ! 
saw last years UT Showcase today and wants to be sure that Mary-Carter Kniffen + < PROPFEMALE > Kosty to come to his workshop !!! 
is pumped up ! 
Dancing in the Street just came on the radio ... it is sooo slow !! Haha 
is flying to Colorado today - from < PROPMALE > Top to the < PROPMALE > Mountains 
Just realized that the jeans he is wearing for his flight have a hole in the crotch .... 
will be experiencing weather under 60 degrees for the 1st time in 2 years 
Did you see the english on that kick !?!? 3-0 go vols 
Good game boys 
MIGHT be on TV on Oct . 3rd ... ABC at 8 p.m. - with Broadway Dance Center on Extreme Makeover Home Edition 
quote of the day - from my sister \This guy reminds me enough of ____ for me to dislike him with out knowing him\ " ... names have been censored to protect my sister :D " 
will not be getting much sleep in the near future ... Halo Reach has arrived ... 
just watched the Tap Finale with his family ... AMAZING :D 
THATS how you end a football game ! 
.. the curse of being a dancer ... trying to find a pair of jeans that are tight enough at the waist yet don't hug my thighs like a emo skateboarder .... 
is ready 
just played 6 degrees of separation with FB - 1 ) Click the first person on your news feed 2 ) scroll down and click the first mutual friend you have in common ... to the 6th person . \ 
\ 
I went from the Tap cast ... through a few people including an ex ... and back to the Tap cast ... 
Just bought his first pair of cowboy boots ( used ) for$ 50 ! 
Finally got the paddle combo from the tap show up to tempo without missing sounds ... just 3 weeks late ... 
needs to be asleep 
has just returned from his 2nd doctors visit since leaving the cruise ship ( The 1st being immediately after returning home ) ... he has lost 10 pounds 
Bed time 
its time to go to dance class :D 
is spending the day in the mountains with the family ... riding around in the new prius .. :D 
misses the tap cast and will have our finale video online as soon as i can 
feels blessed ! ... The Vols are playing on TV for the 3rd week in a row .. lets go UT 
where is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ?!?! 
I SAID ITS GREAT TO BE A TENNESSEE VOL !!!! 
ok ... you've got to be kidding me 
wants to remind everyone to watch Extreme Makeover : Home Edition on ABC today ( Sunday ) at 8pm EST . Look out for me with a beard ! 
loves that the Titans coach just flipped off the refs 
last reminder ( maybe ) - Watch Extreme Makeover : Home Edition on ABC tonight at 8pm EST . 
that was interesting 
is ready to dance again 
is tired and little sore ... yay for dancing 
Is not sure why so many of his friends ' like it in the back seat ' ... whatever it is 
hates that this \Jersey Shore\ " BS TV show has made New Jersey even more of a joke ... even \ " Bones\ " is making fun of it ... " 
is finished packing ... almost ... heading to Tennessee tomorrow and driving to Florida sunday ... this Disney adventure is about to begin ! 
is in < PROPMALE > ! 
has moved into his new apartment in < PROPMALE > - Come Visit !!! 
is all moved in to his new apt in < PROPMALE > 
Just saw a commercial for ' medi-share ' - a program where christians share in each others medical expenses ... isn't that socialism ? 
is going to disney today ... like to the parks - should be fun 
Just saw his venue at Disney ... right next to space mountain ! 
is celebrating LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are a friend forever . Put this on your status if you have an amazing sister(s ) ... 
Meets his cast tomorrow- fun fun fun 
just met his cast ! ... and at a towering 5'9 is the tallest in the cast ... :) 
dear FB ... instead of showing me < PROPFEMALE > pictures of my friends on FB chat ( that I can barely see ) ... why not make the chat function ACTUALLY WORK 
is going to the animal kingdom 
does not like that he just woke up for rehearsal , but the sun decided to sleep in 
' s cell phone just tried to dial 1997 ... is the universe trying to tell me something ? 
Tonights plan : dinner for a cast members birthday ... dance class because a friend is teaching ... 4 hours of sleep ... then a 6am rehearsal call ... :-) 
tired . 
run throughs all day tomorrow then a day off !!! 
Has offically started his first day off ... at Epcot for a little bit ... trying to make it back to watch part of the UT game ! Here we go 
Tired doesn't even begin to describe how I feel ... one of these days I will actually rest on my day off - but today was too much fun to have missed out on ... 
and 5 hours sleep ... ready .. go ! 
= done-zo 
has a day off !!! time for some cast bonding :) 
Just finished rehearsal at 6am !! ... Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Brown is coming to < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow- should be fun ! 
just got a call from Disney to double check his gender ... today is going to be a good day 
just turned in his Actors Equity paperwork !! ... and made sure they had his gender listed correctly just in case :) 
Final overnight rehearsal tonight ... its going to be a cold one ... lets do it ! 
Loves that its 6:30 am ... < PROPFIRST > and I just got back from rehearsal ... and I can hear him belting in the shower from the living room 
Why is it that UT wins the games I can't watch ?? 
will be auditioning for Tarzan tomorrow ... jealous ? 
Quote of the day from thayne ... \Daddy ... he took my boot ! \ " .. its funnier in context .. and with the accent hahah " 
is 80% sure his credit card company is using software to make their phone representatives sound american ... 
is off to open his new show : Totally Tomorrowland Christmas ! alright cast .. Show Up .. Do your best ... and DON'T SUCK !! :) 
Call of duty : black ops just came ... so much for being productive today 
why does easy < PROPMALE > always seem like a good idea .. until Im about half way through eating it .. :/ 
hippity hop audition then 2nd night of shows 
had an awesome first week of shows ! .. now to three days off ... wahoo ! 
should be going to a bar called Cowboys tonight .. hopefully it lives up to the Joes with my UTDC family 
Is outside trying to soak up some sunlight ... in mid november 
Is watching HP4 with Thayne and lil mama 
\Raise your glass if you're wrong in all the right ways \"" 
after 3 days off - lets go ! .. and don't suck 
Just had his first rain cancelation of the season ..... 
congratulations to everyone from Tap - The Show for winning the Heartbeat Award ... and thank you for letting me perform with you - and reteaching me how to tap haha :) 
Let's go UT 
has just purchased christmas presents for 1/3 of his list 
is wondering why Bon Jovi at the AMAs looks like < PROPFIRST > Bowie ... or am I going crazy ? 
where is Kayne when you really need him to interupt an acceptance speech ... < PROPFIRST > beiber .. really ? 
Is it weird that I can feel my mind slowly slipping away ? 
is starting his thanksgiving mini-vacation ... I just input my hotel address into google and apparently i'm staying at the Arigato Japanese Steak House ... awesome 
Burlesque was AMAZING ... every one needs to see it ... NOW 
Loves football ... and loves that the patriots play so well it pisses off the other team 
if anyone is in < PROPMALE > .. let me know ... the term stir crazy comes to mind 
had some photos taken today - my favorite is my new profile picture .. i'll have some others up soon ! 
is not sure where Bray came from ... but I'm glad he's at UT ... Bray and Moore will be a good team !! LETS GO UT 
I said - its GREAT - to be - a TENNESSEE VOL ! 
Has a lot to do tomorrow\ 
Golf with pops and my uncle \ 
Lunch\ 
Magic kingdom with < PROPFEMALE > Bartolomeo\ 
then perfofming all night ... gonna be fun 
is slowly realizing that he really is living a charmed life ... 
Is at a bar ... a drunk girl requested a MJ song from the two acoustic guitar players ... they are tearing up < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
have you ever wanted to vent via your FB status ? .. and then you realized whomever you were venting about would read it .. and its just not worth the drama .. 
Is wearing his Tap-The Show t-shirt and hoping his Hershey family are all doing well ! 
\Hey look they have turkey-burgers ... aren't you vegetarian ?? \"" 
played video games for over 9 hours today ... he beat the game so he can get back to real life ... but today was a good day 
I don't know what this number thing is but it is annoying me a little 
would like a job for christmas this year :) 
Its so cold out I'm wearing tights under my skinny jeans ... y'all know I'm talking about my costume - right ? 
will be in Knoxville for the entire month of January ... I just wanted to give y'all a heads up so you can prepare yourselves :) 
just finished a brand new dance reel - includes footage from the cruise and disney ... i'll have it online sometime soon ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > just tore apart the GOP regarding their verbal use of 9/11 vs their total unwillingness to even debate the First Responders Heathcare < PROPMALE > ... as soon as I find it - i am posting this video 
Sometimes I wear a Slanket over a Snuggie and I call it a Snake Nugget - Conan 
Last time < PROPFIRST > Branning came to visit me I had just booked my first professional job ... I am about to pick him up from the airport after booking a gig for Friday .. he needs to visit more often !! 
I know something no body else knows !!! 
just started looking at some pictures from Australia/New Zealand ... I think I had WAY more fun than I remember hahah 
Just realized how awkward his show is going to be come Dec 26th ... yet we perform until < PROPFIRST > 1st :) 
Will be back in knoxville for a mini vacation from < PROPFIRST > 2 - 9th ... then he is going back to < PROPMALE > to keep working with Disney ! ... I got my christmas wish - a job ! :) 
Two christmas wishes came true - 1 . A job ! 2 . The last show on christmas day was rained out ! 3 . Thayne did NOT have a drink but two out of three isn't so bad 
should probably go to bed so he can enjoy his day off ! 
Alright FB Friends - I am looking for any housing situation in the Orlando/Disney area ... anyone know of any options ? 
has a TON to do tomorrow ... why cant I sleep !?!? 
Has a new apartment !! 
When I went to go do my 1020 show we were up by 3 and 1:30 left on the clock ... I came back and its tied at 27 - I didn't know we had turned the ball over and was confused why UNC would kick a field goal on 2nd down ... worst feeling ever 
Is watching part of the Norte Dame game ... I hate when I hear about a really good player from TN not going to UT 
What's your favorite book ? - War and Peace , it was the best of times it was the worst of times 
is on FB on his cousin's kitchen counter with his leg up like on a ballet barre ... i think my body is telling me something 
It totally just started snowing in knoxville ! 
Just ate Habatchi Factory for the first time in 2 years ... no bueno 
just curious - who is currently in knoxville ? 
Not sure what to do today - prolly just watch the game on TV :) 
tough loss 
get ready FL - im coming back tomorrow 
Just scrapped ice off a car for the first time in 2 years 
1st flight is delayed - based on current estimations I will have 20 minutes to navigate Atlanta and make my connection 
Managed to switch flights and transfer through < PROPFEMALE > - here's hoping everything runs smoothly ! 
Made it to FL ! Take that snow storm ! 
Just met one of his new neighbors ... Kaylin Seckel !!! AHHH this is awesome :) 
Starts learning the castle show today ! 
13 hour day ... go 
it is literally 55 in my apartment right now ... oh well - lets pray my brain doesn't explode tomorrow learning all these contingencies .. 
Just overheard the guy at the pizza place say \in a blink of a finger\ " ... regarding how fast the delivery guy would make it " 
Has heat ! 
< PROPMALE > Cooper was hilarious on SNL .. he should host 
Today is the last rehearsal in the studio ... 
Just saw a TV ad for Spiderman on Broadway ... I guess equity is letting them perform again ? ... I need < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Wright . back in my life so I can hear about current events ! 
Is staying up as long as possible to get ready for overnights ... how am I doing so far ? 
just dusted for the first time in his life ... am i growing up ? 
how is it that ( of all places ) the SyFy channel creates a vampire character that can see his own reflection .. what , is this twilight ? ... is there no respect for the traditional vampire myth ? 
just found out his days off ! Wed . Thurs . Fridays watch out ! 
Overnight 1 - here we go 
I need a VOL favor !! Can someone please post a video of end of the UT UGA game ?!? I'm trying to see how it ended on my phone ! 
is so inventive . He just used his cruise control the scratch an itch on his foot 
Everyone come see my Dream Along with < PROPFIRST > debut this Saturday ! I will be in the last 3 shows on the castle stage ! 
Just got home from rehearsal and \heard\ " his neighbor .. it is 7am ... really ? " 
Overnight #3 ... I am tired 
Come see my Castle Stage debut tomorrow ! ( Saturday ) I think the show times are 2:15 , 4:15 , and 5:15 
Dream Along opening went really well ! Thanks to everyone who came to see it ... and now a day off ! 
1st full day at the magic kingdom ... kicking at 10:30 am ! 
First day at dream along done ... that wasn't too bad but it ain't summer yet ! 
What's going on tonighht and tomorrow ? 
Needs to go out tonight ... anyone doing anything ? 
will be going to Ale House later tonight - weather permitting ... come < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
Ale House - Be there ! 
Had SO much fun with < PROPFEMALE > Becker tonight ! I feel a million times better ! 
is watching the state of the union 24 hours after everyone else :) 
Everyone is napping ... I'm bored ! 
' s wrist still hurts .. grrr 
needs to find a new book ( preferably a series like narnia , LOTR , potter .. ) to read while everyone else is napping ... suggestions ? 
thought it was lame that there really wasn't anything good on tv tonight .. then I realized it was saturday night ... it seems the lame is on the other foot .. 
.... so the miners from Chili are at the Magic Kingdom ... this means I came in a hour early and now have a 2.5 hour break ... I'm bored - 2hours to go 
2 more shows and then 2 days off ... almost there :) 
Day off - why am I so tired ? 
Can't even check in for his appointment because he is more than 15 minutes early ... you've got to be kidding me 
So remember when Disney called me to verify my gender ... health services still thinks I'm female .... awesome 
may have arthritis in his shoulder and tendinitis in his wrist ... honestly the doctor has no idea whats wrong so i'm resting for a week to see if it goes away on its own ... lame 
is home all day ... text me if you want to come < PROPFEMALE > out 
' s new business cards came in today ... doesn't seem like i'll be handing any out in the near future 
is tired ... so very tired 
when did waking up at 10am count as sleeping in ... 
Ok now everyone who noticed that < PROPFEMALE > didn't quite get the words right please raise your hand 
Oh and did anyone else hear the crowd cheer when W . came on the sceen ... of course he's there - its Texas and he doesn't really have anything else going on 
Did they just break the world record for most people doing the running man ? 
Just happened to turn on glee ... since when is glee a varsity sport ? And why is two kids barely pushing each other a fight ? 
Has anyone heard of this \Texas vs the Nation\ " football game before ? ... " 
may be in NYC around March 10th - what are people doing ? 
WILL be in NYC from March 9th - 11th 
Feels old ... remember when my knees where the problem ? 
is starting to remember how productive he can be when he actually starts doing the things on his to-do list ... next up : That tree sap that's been on the hood of my car since my brother was driving it .. 
is watching \Whose Line is it Anyway\ " ... im actually crying its so funny " 
back in shows tomorrow :) 
just got his first cable < PROPMALE > - wow ... on a happier note - first day back in shows went relatively well and pain free ! 
Lady Gaga talking about the sociology of fame ... actually kinda interesting ... 
NEEDS to learn to flip like < PROPFIRST > Bieber's ninjas ... 
i love how male dancers are always moving set pieces ... 
Tonights daily show opening segment was one of the best ever ... apparently < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was at Disney last week !! If only i'd known ! 
Really ? My phones weather app says todays low is 55 ... but it also says its 48 right now ... 
is exhausted ! I have a feeling that the next 5 weeks will be crazy busy , but that might just be how I feel today ... whew 
today will be a good day - going down to Sarasota to see my gramps and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Illingworth ... It has been YEARS ! 
today was fun - unusual - but fun haha 
realized while he was driving today that he will ALWAYS associate a Blue Rav 4 with < PROPFEMALE > Nutter and a Green Vue with < PROPFIRST > Hud ... and get excited just before he sees the FL plate .. 
aaaaaawwwwwwwwwww yyyyyyyeeeeeeeaaaaaaaa 
Hates how early he wakes up on his day off 
feels a little overwhelmed ... but thats what happens when you try to organize family coming into town ... right ? 
Oil change is going to take a while so im wandering up and down OBT to get some lunch ... nott the smartest move I've ever made 
Just went on the < PROPMALE > potter ride ... and guess what ? I got sprayed in the face with water !! Damn you 4-D ! 
HEY FB FRIENDS !!!!!! While on Facebook , look at your URL address . If you see ' http:' instead of ' https:' , then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check at least the first setting ( FB defaults to the non-secure setting ) and click ' Save . ' Copy and re-post to help all your fellow Face-bookers 
has had three of the most exhausting days off so far ! ... BUT also the most fun ! :) 
Two more days before I can just lay down for an entire day-and buy groceries-and get a haircut -and get the apt ready for mom/dad-anything else ? 
Fate has intervened giving me the night off ! I can actually get some errands done ! 
Is running late today ... I guess most people would call it being on time 
tonight's agenda : Dinner and Dance Central ... 
hates < PROPFEMALE > for making me input WAY to much info on my tax return for my refund to be $0.00 ... 
is coming to NYC tomorrow- if you want to < PROPFEMALE > let me know ! 
For the first time in my life my connecting flight is in the same terminal ! Only 5 gates away - but of course there isn't any food nearby ... 
at JFK making my way to midtown :) 
Plan : Vinyl ( 50th and 9th ) for dinner and Industry Bar ( 52nd b/t 8th and 9th ) for drinks ! Surprise me ! 
Amazing night . ... thanks to everyone who made this the best reunion I could have hoped for 
Just changed his flight ... he will now be landing in FL when it would have been leaving NY haha 
had the hiccups while he was shaving .... ouch 
apparently on words with friends \jew\ " is not an acceptable word ... " 
well < PROPMALE > Mis on PBS .. it is my bed time , I will have to continue watching some other time 
A dancer with a sore throat is like a singer with a twisted ankle ... it doesn't ruin the show but it makes things a little awkward ... 
A dancer with a sore throat is like a singer with a twisted ankle ... it doesn't ruin the show but it makes performing so much haarder 
first full day off with nothing to do but laundry , groceries , and video games ... and i'm sick ... awesome ... what's the point of taking zyrtec if i'm going to get sick anyway 
Seriously almost hit a cow with his car this morning ... I didn't know they even had cows in FL 
Long day tomorrow ! : Magic Kingdom with < PROPFEMALE > Nutter and < PROPMALE > Nutter , I'll be performing the last 3 shows - then off to my voice lesson .. and then home to shower and get ready for my 1st overnight rehearsal for Durmstrang/Harry Potter at Universal .. wahoo .. might as well get a coffee IV :) 
Facebook is telling me that Starbucks is one of the most popular check-in locations at 266 times : Way to go < PROPFIRST > Thompson , < PROPMALE > Petris , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Karchawer , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Woodruff , and < PROPMALE > Rogers ... anyone sensing the Hershey Park theme ? 
will be spending today on his couch recovering from his first durmstrang ( bootcamp ) overnight ... text me if you want to come < PROPFEMALE > out :) 
will be enjoying some ice cream while waiting on his chinese food ... 
so the middle aged chinese food delivery guy couldn't operate the gate into my apt complex ... tried to open my locked door right after he knocked ... and awkwardly asked for his tip to cover his gas ... 
Just got in my car to head to overnight #2 ... I've got a feeling is playing on the radio ... stellar 
< PROPMALE > Clemmons Casting just called me for the non-eq tour of cats as Mr Mistoffelees .. wa-wa .. would have been fun 
A very long week has come to an end ! If you can , come to Universal on Monday to see the Students of the Durmstrang Institute in < PROPMALE > Potter World 
saw < PROPFEMALE > Freistat at the Magic Kingdom today ! ... its ok to be jealous :) 
ale house with dream along friends :) 
Approval day at universal .. waiting for the rain to stop 
Approvals were a bust .. now I have a days worth of energy and nothing to do 
Is really looking forward to starting his 3 FULL days off tomorrow ... now I just need to find something to do :) 
just got called for his 2nd approval at universal on thursday - here's hoping this one isn't a rain out ! 
Anyone looking for a Sublet in Astoria for Mid-April through the end of September ? let me know 
Is weird that I turn on the PBS broadcast of < PROPMALE > Mis whenever im doing chores ? 
And its raining again on my approval day ... 
Universal just called and told me not to come in ... awesome ... tomorrow will be my 3rd attempt at getting approved ... 
Will hopefully be performing at Universal today ... 3rd times the charm - right ? 
Is having a blast ! 
is watching \Sons of Guns\ " for the first time ... Discovery has the coolest shows haha " 
Safe travels to my friends flying home today ! 
Today maybe a lazy day .... text me ! 
packing ! 
is heading to DC today !! - i'll be back friday :) 
The show I am watching just had a pipe burst on stage ( as part of the show ) and it dumped water for a good two minutes before the end of Act I ... awesome ! 
Is catching up withZach DeVesty ... its cliche but the more things change the more they stay the same ... and yes zach is wearing a yankees hat 
Had an amazing time in DC but is back in FL :) 
True story - I just got back today from a quick trip to DC ... and I just booked another flight to NYC for early May ... 
is heading to bed at 10:30 on a saturday night ... I feel so grown up ! 
Will not be having alcohol between now and my audition May 5th ( hopefully by putting it on facebook ill stick to it ) 
What's an iphone just so he can post pictures of text conversations he's had ... 
2 more shows than 3 days off - awwww yeeaaa 
Heading to the pool to see if I can get the rest of my body the same color as my face ... and laps ! I wonder if I can still do a butterfly ... 
Will be at durmstrang next friday ! 
House of Blues with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > 
just got home .. i was going to be productive .. but then i turned on the TV ... 
Remember that time I was responsible and went to bed at a reasonable time so I wasn't tired the next day ... yea that's not tonight 
is 93% sure he just signed up for Dental Insurance ! 
Bed at 930 ... I think I just turned 7 
Woa the next couple of days are going to be crazy ! - i like it ! 
Kickin it at < PROPMALE > potter world ... its ok to be jealous 
Is going to meet Darth Maul today and then go to < PROPMALE > Potter world .... awesome 
Halfway there - 5 more days then a day off 
To all my \Words With Friends\ " friends ... i am retiring from the sport ... take care " 
to all my < PROPMALE > friends - Norwegian Cruise Line will be in < PROPMALE > first week of may 
.. who really needs a day off anyway - I just got called into Potter so i am/will be working everyday from 4/16 to 5/3 
is trying to figure out how he got to the point in his life where he had to get up early to buy groceries ... 
Is going into consecutive workday #15 on 5 hours sleep - awesome 
just edited together his footage from Durmstrang .. looks like i'm doing different parts of the same fight .. ish 
Do I know anyone currently living/working in Las Vegas ? ... Do you ? ... Can someone put me touch with a friend/family member - preferably in the dance industry - I heard about a project and want to get more information from someone who lives there . thanks ! 
is delirious from working 18days in a row .. I just got a cruise ship offer ( quick 2 month contract ) and i am tossing the idea around - didn't I say I would never do one again - someone slap some sense into me ... 
Just got to the gate for his 730am flight to find out its been delayed to 9am ... LAME 
Is checking in at NYC !! 
Newsies Audition with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Wright and < PROPFIRST > Grubb .. and I am sure many others ! ... Send some good vibes up to NYC ! 
Anyone going to Blockheads today ? 
At JFK waiting for my flight back to < PROPMALE > 
hey - remember that time when my knee didn't hurt ? ... oh yea , that was 2007 
Has beeem at work for the last 12hours ... 1 more to go 
Does anyone else think the Michigan softball coach looks like < PROPFIRST > Summit ? 
just bought his tickets for fringe ! 
Anyone going to fringe tonight ? I have a spare ticket to B's of the Kingdom at 9:50 
Is at fringe ! 
hates that every time he thinks he is saving money - its time to pay rent ... 
Dear Thunderstorms/Rain , \ 
You are only allowed to be active in the < PROPMALE > area during the hours of : 10:30 am - 12pm\ 
1:10 pm - 2:30 pm\ 
4:10 pm - 5:30 pm\ 
... preferably only on Saturdays , Sundays , Mondays and Tuesdays .. but i'm not picky . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Congratulations Dream Along ... i hope it rains all day 
is hanging out with his neighbor Kaylin Seckel ... its ok to be jealous 
Audition time with < PROPFEMALE > Chudzinski and I'm sure many others - wahoo ! 
Can't sleep again ... awesome 
is simply blown away by tonight's < PROPFIRST > performances ... 
did the woman sitting next to < PROPMALE > Jackman just hide the price tag from her dress instead of clapping ???? 
Well the < PROPFIRST>'s this year were quite amazing . Off to bed to rest for Christmas Auditions tomorrow ... here's hoping insomnia takes the night off 
How do they write a rap to end the Tonys AND include epic candid moments from the night .... 
What a day ! Xmas audition this morning ... afternoon shows at the castle ... and now off to Potter to do the last two ! 
$1.99 for Book of Morman on Amazon ? ... yes please 
Woke up this AM to the phrase \temperatures in excess of 100\ " ... not ok " 
So i just installed HeyTell ... not sure if ill ever use it , but feel free to add me - search my name or cell 
Had a VERY fun night out ... i should be social more often 
Hey ... its raining 
Car trouble again ....... grrrrrr 
Man its hot out there ... im pretty exhusted and have one show left ... dig deep time 
changed his photo .... seems like everyone has put up photos of them with their dad ... this photo is my dad when he was 25 ( i think ) 
has to get up stupid early tomorrow to get his car to the dealer before work ... please bring the rain 
Can literally feel the skin on his face burning during the pirates scene ... maybe i need to double my sunscreening efforts 
Just got in his car at the dealership and it wont start ... wtf 
would like to thank his friend Thayne Jasperson for having impeccable timing ... tomorrow will be a better day 
has three full days off ... boom 
No joke - was just man handled at MCO ... the person reading the full body scan told the sec . officer something came up ... unless it was sewn into the lining of my shorts- i have no idea what they saw 
Disney FINALLY calls me in for OT and im at the airport ... 
Is at the < PROPMALE > airport :) ... this time tomorrow i'll be back at the castle 
Back in < PROPMALE > :) 
The honda dealer was totally unprepared for the appointment i scheduled ... they are charging me $60 to install a $90 fuse ... it only cost $70 to get my oil changed and tires rotated ... stupid 
The hotel fire on 192 was caused by a meth lab explosion ... 
Will be at Potter World tonight - let me know if anyone is hanging around 
4 items from a dollar menu should not total to $5.26 ..... 
just submitted a performance waiver to equity office ... here's hoping 
Cartoon Network is premiering a new ThunderCats in July !!! 
Todays rain made my day ... tomorrow- < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Feels that his life is a catch 22 : for the 2nd time in 10days someone at MCO has asked if I was active military- i got the sense that my experience would have been 100x better if the answer was yes ... however , if i was in the military i wouldn't be traveling in the 1st place .... 
That was easily the most uncomfortable flight ever ... ( see comments ) 
Hopes all his Universal and other Potter fans enjoy their night of merriment 
has a lot to be thankful for and a lot to look forward to ... 1st thing : new iphone within the next 4 days 
Hey Everyone ! - I just created a quick FB event for a birthday get together I want to have ... Im pretty sure I only really invited people currently in FL ... hopefully I didn't leave anyone out ... but to my dear NYC/TN/Hershey/Cruise friends - I love you all ... but you're not in FL :) 
Alright WVA Airport ... The guy who put the tags on my checked bag is running boarding at the gate ... no wonder it took ten minutes for him to come to the desk when i checked in 
Is wondering why the british pub at the DC airport is staffed entirely by philipinos 
Oh hello < PROPMALE > ... missed me ? :) 
Going to see < PROPMALE > Potter at 10:15 at DTD if you'd like to join 
I feel like my eyelids are burning ... I swear im putting on sunscreen 
Super excited about the < PROPMALE > Family Reunion ! 
Heading back to < PROPMALE > ! 
My birthday wish was for shows to get rained out today at Disney ... Guess what !! :) 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! It certainly was one to remember ! 
Another birthday wish come true ... One set downed for rain at Potter 
has never been so happy that his paycheck comes in on thursday .. thank you ! 
There is a good < PROPMALE > I'm still hungover 36 hours later 
Well it looks like a long night ahead ... 
Watching the new Thundercats on my DVR ! 
For the 2nd time in my life I answered the phone and had a conversation ... 
Dear DAWM friends - thanks for putting up with me and my ' ready to have a day off-ness ' today - < PROPFIRST > 
Stupid Hollywood lot ... 
Just wasted 20minutes trying to find a parking spot ... Lame 
64hrs last week ( No OT ) and so far another 64 scheduled this week ... I need to make the most of it while the hrs are available but MAN I'm tired ! ... PS - 5hrs of sleep last night - < PROPFEMALE > Haw ! 
Did 4 and 1/3 shows today during 12hrs of shift time ... Phenomenal 
