just got in ready for bed . tired of doing the hardest part of my job . ----- baby sitting lol 

tired as hell wishing that i had a day off 
counting the day till go on leave looking forward to seeing < PROPFEMALE > and the kids 
ready for a vacation 
gettin close to leave 
i leave for r and r in a few hours see some of you soon 
sitting in germany waiting to fly again ....... only another 10 hour flight until i am in < PROPFIRST > should make it to medford mid afternoon on the 8th ..... what a process it is to go on r and r these days 
so funny story ........ i might not make it today . we had to abort take off in germany because of one of the wings flaps not working . in the process of slowing down the brakes caught fire and the tires so yeah gotta get off the plane with a quickness while they had the fire department putting on the fire on both rear legs . last we heard they have to do brakes tires and fix the wing so at this point i might not make it 
so final word on my flight . the plane is down for a while they can't fix the wing and they don't have the tires or brakes . there is another plane though IN ATLANTA it is supossed to be here in 19 hours they are finishing up fixing that one it broke in atlanta a few days ago . i will be landing at 0800 in < PROPFIRST > with any luck . i knew the timing was to perfect to be home on my birthday but that is the way things go . 
still sitting in a airport in germany 26 hours later ......... 
Finally made it home last night it is great to see the kids and my wife .. < PROPFEMALE > took about 2 < PROPFEMALE > to warm up to me all the kids are good this time it really made it nice 
Spent a few hours last night in the E.R. < PROPFEMALE > opened the truck door on her ring finger . She lost her entire finger nail it might grow back in a few months ...... she broke the bone in the tip and had to get stitches . she is a trooper she cryed for a few minutes when it happened and was fine until they sewed her up . poor little girl 
not ready to leave Oregon on tuseday but i don't have a choice it does not feel like it has been 2 weeks already but i have been pretty busy i guess . in 2 weeks i have yet to have a day to chill at home but i have had a blast 
The plane from < PROPFIRST > was full so i got put in a hotel for the night can't believe that the Army spent the money to a NICE hotel room for once . It was a hard goodbye but it will be a short one . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Headed out again take care everybody 
Just got in to my room . had a fast trip back . i love u < PROPFEMALE > kiss the kids for me 
stuck at a patrol base again today . getta head back to taji tonight and flip a bitch a roll back with in 2 hours of getting back and i will be gone on the road for the next 2 to 3 days i love u < PROPFEMALE > talk as soon as i get a < PROPMALE > i love u 
Just got off from work where i get to be the rabbit bait truck ( not going to explain what that is lol ) and get to go in to work with a rest full 6 hours off hmmm i would give almost anything for a company and a unit that was worth a damn ! 
Have a new 1sgt who is good things are looking up . he has only been here a week but has changed everything . finaly some one who enforces standards and forces everybody to adhear to them . we got rid of a few sh ! t bags already lol . 
hopeing my wife is having fun with her family I know it has been a while since she has seen everybody love you < PROPFEMALE > 
gettin ready for work still trying to get my Fu #ked mrap fixed after the mrap maintenance fixed it still gotta go to the range tonight from dinner to breakfast so i won't be online lizzy i will talk to you soon as i can . But i am still waiting for the best news since i have been in the army i have a < PROPMALE > of leaving Fox company soon so my fingers are crossed on that one lol 
Headed out for a few days love you < PROPFEMALE > talk later have fun . I miss you 
Just got in from mission it is 0514 and i have rollover training at 0830 hmmm don't think there is much of a point going to sleep is there lol but it is all good last mission tonight as a whole platoon we got sold out by of fearless leader capt fagman i mean bastard no no that right it's bastman my bad lol . hope everybody has a great day i love you < PROPFEMALE > 
LOL you get good news and they pile a heap of shit on you the next day and they drag you right back down again .... headed to retention tomorrow to see about volunteering for korea so I KNOW I AM OUT OF THIS COMPANY . 
counting down the days until i go home it is getting close 9 months down 
Finaly have time to talk to my wife now i just hope she logs in 
Gettin ready to go on most likly the last mission as a platoon bulshit how they are spliting us up 
gettin ready to go home 49 days right now with a < PROPMALE > of 72 can't wait 
just found out that i will be leaving fort hood finally i came down on orders the system is still processing them i should know in a few days where i am going . it rocks almost 4 years in this shitty ass company i don't care at this point where it is be it alaska germany drum or polk lol not hood 
well < PROPFEMALE > i hope u like beening in the middle of no where ........ i got my new assignment FORT SILL , OK ....... oh boy lol 
goin to have some fun sling loading 
* FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT ** if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you & me that pops into your head . When you are finished , post this paragragh on your own status ; you'll be suprised what people remember about you . 
let this attack at fort hood be over soon and EVERYBODY involved in custody . my heart goes out to the family members of those who died and that are injured 
what kind of bulshit pres give a shout out to a person in the crowd and thanks his staff before extending his condolences to the families of the soldiers ???? 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > I love you 
HAHAHA I can't belive New orleans almost lost to the redskins that is pretty sad ...... 
Gettin ready to go to work another day down about a month and a week or 2 more to go can't wait to get back and go on leave 
30 days 30 days 30 days 
Made it back to Oklahoma 
Happy 6th birthday < PROPFEMALE > I love you . 
moving out in the morning it is finally feeling like i am leaveing soon 
7 days 7 days ...................... 
leave in a few days but the unit that replaced us sucks on the road again for the second night in a row i don't have to say it but i am going to ..... THIS IS BULLSHIT 
for all you COWBOY fan hahahaha lmfao ass kicked by the vikings 
I HATE CAV from top to bottom 1 flight got canceled so mine got moved by DAYSSSSSS not a day but DAYS can't wait to get outta here 
1 Step closer to landing in the U.S. looking foward to the next 72 hours 
about to head state side in a few hours 
it feels good to be home finally only a little while and i head to Oregon 
mad at sprint i have been waiting 6 hours for my phone to start working and they still have no idea why it isn't working lol 
hate to see it happen but the saints won in ot sad day 
Getting ready for the long drive down to Texas 
Made it to Texas just getting thing put away in the house it is good to be here and off the road it was a long drive 
wondering what they are teaching my kiddos in school do they really need to know who invented the mail box ??? Ice cream scoop ??? Stop light ???? or peanut butter ?? if they are covering that I think there is a whole other area they need to study for a month to .................... 
Not looking foward to going back to work tomorrow 30 days went by way to fast ... 
Well < PROPFEMALE > and I got rid of the plagued Dodge lol . we got a 2010 Honda Accord now we can afford to drive places . 
Up in Tenn doing abunch of nothing lol 
Back in TX getting ready for work tomorrow 
Packing up the house Leave Fort Hood for good on Friday but going to be on leave from now until May so fun fun 
signed out on leave have 2 more days until i final out of fort hood and i am gone 
chilling not doing much of anything up in tn 
Had fun spent 6 hours shopping at the Opry mills mall in nashville had a great time 
getting ready to make the trip from tenn to fort sill 
Signed in to Sill today I am hopeing to get Assigned to the HET unit but will find out next week 
Got my house at fort sill yesterday movers bring our stuff today and i report to my unit on wensday but i didn't get a tradoc or a trans unit back to a fsc lol 
Wondering how i got all my boxes according to the movers but i am missing stuff hmmmm no way they can be dishonest ....... 
Just finshed < PROPFIRST > 8th birthday party he was excited to see his new ipod 
Came to the conclusion that DVR is way better they tivo don't under stand why i cant watch and record at the smae time lol 
Amazed at how it cost $48.87 to send a 44 < PROPFEMALE > fax to tenn . staples blows would have almost been cheaper to buy a fax machine 
Found out today that i am forsure going to another unit because there is to many people on Rear-D by 130 lol i am going 5 buildings down to a Air Defense Artillery unit joy lol 
Kinda closed on my house today all the papers are signed and in the mail so pretty good news 
sitting at home with a sick daughter . I just hope she gets better soon . 
just to keep my family updated i said earlier that < PROPFEMALE > was sick but didn't want to worry anyone however she has been having seizures and they are not due to her being sick her throwing up was from the seizures she has had 14 today and a few little ones yesterday she is on her way with < PROPFEMALE > to the childerens hosp in oklahoma city because they dont have a ped neuroligst on fort sill 
start of a nice 4 day weekend 
finding a salon for < PROPFEMALE > . her and her friends decided to cut their hair now to make it look normal it has to be cut SHORT 
it rained for like 2 hours and now i have a river behind my house lol 
trying to make since of Fort sills medical care . I took < PROPFEMALE > in to see what they wanted to do about her still having seizures on the medication fort sill said they dont know anything about seizures and i need to take her to Oklahoma city childerns hospitle . I call the childrens hosp and they tell me i can't be seen there unless she is sent there from the emergency room at sill or at the clinic . 
looking foward to the weekend ....... 
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there . 
Fort Sill has been talking about the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > concert that is going on right now for the past 2 months . All Military Service Members recived free tickets and was open to the public 3 minutes after it started the rain started coming down . I already have a River going down my yard kinda feel bad for all the people out there 
Decided I am going to drive to Oregon on leave but I am going to take the scenic route this time oklahoma - texas - colorado - wyoming - utah - < PROPFEMALE > and finaly oregon should be fun only adds 50 < PROPMALE > from the normal way 
cut grass in the motorpool for 10 hrs today with a weed eater heat index was 112 today so pretty tired and red tonight lol . but its all good i go on leave in 5 days . have a good night everyone 
My daughter who doesn't really talk was playing and counted to 12 in spanish lol I think she has been watching to much < PROPFEMALE > . 
Getting ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s ultrasound and the drive to Oregon tonight . It's a great day 
IT'S A GIRL ! 
Made it to Oregon in 34 hrs not taking < PROPFEMALE > again I think the entire state is under construction lol feels great being back 
sorry for the spam posting i sent to everyone computer was having some issues 
getting ready for the long drive back to oklahoma leave went by to fast 
Made it back home to OKlahoma now BED time lol 
Just got bsck from the Doctor he knows what the issue is with my shoulder but to fix it they have to shave some of the bone off in my shoulder sounds kinda interesting but if it makes it better then it sounds great 
Coming off staff duty Saturday morning then headed down to Fort Hood until Monday night just to visit ppl should be fun 
another severe thunder and lightning storm advisory mixed with heavy rain loads of fun hope the power stays on lookin pretty bad out right now 
Oregon Ducks vs Tenn Vols this saturday whos going to win ??????? 
Happy Birthday mom 
Go Ducks beat tenn vols 48 to 13 great game 
Oregon is now ranked 5th 
long day at the range but got 11 out of 11 expert on 50 cal and 9 out of 11 sharpshooter on the 240b machine gun lots of fun ... been awhile since i have been able to shoot 
so is it bad when you have raccoon eyes so bad from being at range that people you don't know start laughing at the sight of you ???? lol i can't blame them it is pretty bad i would laugh to 
so my next door Neighbors4 year old just walked through my front door and grabbed < PROPFEMALE>'s boloni sandwich from like last night off the counter and started eating it lol i guess thats what she gets for just busting through the front door ( not normaly food on my counter but with < PROPFEMALE > seizures we are a bit behind on the kitchen ) 
so the Oregon Vs Portland state game is 21 to 0 half way through the first quarter lol going to be a long game for portland state 
another day down 
Might have more little ones running around the house and what are they going to look like ??????????????? doxi / fat little long haired Chihuahua dogs 
3 months or so and i am back in Oregon to stay 
Gettin ready for Audreys 2nd soccer game 
Dang unranked UCLA in handling #7 Texas 27 to 6 lol a little up set now Oregon state needs to beet Bosie and Ducks beat the Wildcats and it will be a great weekend for football 
Way to go SC Gamecocks for ending the winning streak of Alabama at 19 lol now that they are not ranked 1st in the nation just means that Oregon can move to number 2 behind Ohio so congrats Oregon .... GO DUCKS !!!! 
so trying to decide < PROPFEMALE > OR < PROPFEMALE > NE 
Cant wait for the next 2 to 3 months to go by the baby will be born and i will be getting out of the army it's gonna be great 
Sittin in the er < PROPFEMALE > need stiches on her leg from the bleachers at < PROPFIRST > football practice ....... it looks like the rest of ft sill is here to might be a long night 
staff duty today oh joy starting the weekend off right lol 
U of O is ranked 1st in the nation GO DUCKS !!!!!!!! 
well today is the day gonna be pretty painful next 4 days 
Sittin with the wife watching OREGON vs UCLA GO DUCKS !!! 
Ducks win 60 to 12 against ucla . USC is next week GO DUCKS 
I really gotta say BCS polls are shit how was Oregon 2nd then demolished UCLA 60-13 and stayed second ? Oklahoma lost so Oregon who is first is every poll other then bcs should have been moved to 1st but no move Auburn from 4th to 1st that is a flawed bulshit system 
GO DUCKS you had me going for awhile but way to pull it off 53- 32 USC is way better then they get credit for this year 
GO DUCKS Number 1 in the BCS ahead of Auburn GO Ducks About time 
great day at the range today i think the best part was that they gave us mre's for breakfast/lunch and after a few of us noticed it tasted funny we looked at the boxes they expired june 2006 lol 4 years past the exp date and they are still serving them up .. i should have noticed when i found a beef teriyaki mre those havent been in the boxes since 06 
GO DUCKS BEAT WASH 53-16 and Alabama lost to LSU great day in college foot ball 
Got a date for induceing < PROPFEMALE > the 28th of nov at 0800 so little Lillianne will make her appearance no later then the 29th pretty exciting we can't wait 
Happy Turkey Day Everyone !!! 
GO DUCKS WAY TO BEAT ARIZONA ONLY 1 MORE GAME AGINST OREGON STATE THEN THE CHAMPIONSHIP GAM .......... GO Boise lol now they cant talk smack with 1 loss no < PROPMALE > for BCS championship game for them 
Headed in to the hosp with < PROPFEMALE > to have her induced hopefuly late afternoon to tonight the baby will be born I will post pictures as soon as I can 
Still no baby but getting closer 
Lillianne cook is here 8lbs 3 oz lots of hair big feet will have lenght later 
Lillianne < PROPFEMALE > Cook is the name it is on the birth cert . lol it just seemed to go 
THE DUCKS ARE HEADED TO THE BCS CHAMPIONSHIP GAME GO DUCKS WTB THE BEAVERS 37 TO 20 !!!!!!!! NEXT IN LINE FOR THE BEAT DOWN IS AUBURN 
looking foward to starting ACAP in < PROPFIRST > just one step closer to getting out . 
Have a horrable computer virus that i just cant get rid of . by far the worest one yet 
Hopefully headed to TN Monday night if we get the packages we are waiting on . We were trying to leave Sunday but gotta love the USPS 4 boxes sent on the same day from same location . Got one box on Wednesday and one today the other 2 are MIA ....... 
If anyone is getting a new phone I would not look at the Samsung Captivate from at&t it is a Galaxy S phone every cell phone company has a version of it . Worst phone in history returning mine today it shuts off all the time , applications will randomly quit and wont work again , you don't recive your text msg's , no matter how much you play with the volume you can not hear it . the list goes on and on ... 
< PROPMALE > is killin < PROPFEMALE > Tech 
Can't believe that < PROPFEMALE > turns seven today gettin old lol 
was trying to figure out why it seems so long since Audreys last b-day then i remembered her 2nd bday i was in basic , 3rd iraq , 4th iraq , 5th gettin ready to go to iraq i was in texas she was in oregon and 6th iraq huh about time i made her birthday 
just a little bit longer until kickoff GOOOOOOOOOOO DUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
great game GO DUCKS !!!!!!!!!!! 
it feels like 0 degrees here right now supossed to get to -5 hope for post shut down tomorrow 
sooo close it was a great game i say dryer was down lol shoulda gone to ot but there is always next year . open aginst lsu 
Morning started off great hooked up the trailers in that 5 degree weather and snapped 10 air lines on there way to get dispatched for the field good times 
so happy to be off work until tuseday ........ 
About to enjoy some buffalo wild wings 
