Hopfully I'll be playing WoW in a few minutes lol ... 4.6 GB out of 4.9 GB . Awesome that you can play WoW while it still has 3.7 GB left :D \ 
\ 
BTW got new internet , 500KB/s is sweet :) 

Just woke up :P Lvl 10 Warlock , fail 
What is your favorite anime ? \ 
???????????? \ 
¿Cuál\ 
es tu anime favorito ? 
Anyone gonna watch Avatar : The Last Airbender in 3d July 1st ? 
My first comment on zune hd^^ bored .... :P 
Pain got OWNED in Naruto Shippuden ep 167 ... \ 
just sayin ... :P 
and that's how the cookie crumbles ... 
Happy 4th of July^^ 
Just got my AP score for Computer Science , only got 4/5 :( 
If you need to contact me via email or messenger : thetechman@msn.com \ 
I'm fed up with junk mail^^ 
Tested my new jet ski this weekend ... had some problems with the engine but it's FAST and sounds like a hot < PROPMALE > idle lol . 
Just formatted computer .... it needed it o.O 
\Real men know when to run like a little bitch\ " - Desert Punk :P " 
You can predict a intelligent person's next move but the unintelligent is a mystery ... 
Just ate ramen .. makes a nice midnight snack :D 
Everyone I just sent request to , I'm thetechman@msn.com ... if you remember me :D So yea this status update is basically to tell u wtf I am lol . 
got better exhaust today for jet ski ... gonna go faster :) Trying it today :D 
starts school at 7:30 am and ends at 11:41 am this year :) 
Need science fair idea ? I'm thinking about making a RPG but idk yet :P 
Is it just me or do you randomly notice your friend list increment by one ... but then if you look at it later it is back to original like right now it says 76 but later it'll say 75 :P ... kinda like a ghost friend or something lol 
Think Imma go to bed early tonight :D 
is getting black ops :) 
School in three days ( excluding today ) ;) Seeing as I only got English , Calculus AP , Computer Programming , Web Design .... tranquil and easy much ? :D 
Yus ! It's about time I got my phone back lol :P Txt me :) 
Yea .... INSANE STORY lol .... my bro is coming home on the bus , some dude throws a mustard packet out the window and landed on a car . The car did a 180 , caught up to the bus and rammed into the side of it intentionally .... yea , < PROPMALE > anger management problems :P Yea , and the kid might be going to jail for throwing a mustard packet out the window o.O 
It's nice being a programmer ... I can create anything I want for zune hd . Galaga on zune ftw :O 
Got hair cut , went to movies and read all day ( yes , I read occasionally o.O ) ... I shall go to bed now^^ 
First job , first interview .... as web developer . No minimum wage ftw . 
See how forthcoming my Facebook friends are , and if they are paying attention . leave a 1 word comment that you think describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR first name . No repeats . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave ...... a ... word ... about you ! This should be interesting ! (: 
Going to the beach NEXT weekend , anyone interested in coming ? 
Took the ACT this morning ... uhh should be good score except the writing lol . 
So bored ... what to do ? 
My clutch went out on the car :( 
I can't believe the SAT was SOOOO easy ... ACT was defiantly harder . People told me ACT was easier lol . 
Gay ... I pre-ordered black ops and will be here Thursday but could of got it at Gamestop today . 
Bought new performance tires for the car :) 
ratm never gets old 
screw last.fm ... I forgot how much I love Pandora^^ 
Tetris 
Gay internet sucks :P 
Amazing how dumb some people are ... they asked me if a core i7 2.93 GHZ 740QM would handle a video game they got a while back which recommended a 3.0 GHZ processor or higher . \ 
Unbelievable , putting the i7 to that level :P 
My laptop's cpu is reaching 80 degrees celsius ... Going to take it apart and see if dust is the problem . Hopefully it won't die :( 
Nub haxors are annoying with their DDoS attacks :P 
Vacation is over now , back to work ... and school tomorrow . 
Salvaged 3 computers and made\ 
AMD Athlon 2400+\ 
Geforce FX 5200\ 
SoundBlaster 5\ 
1GB 333MHZ RAM\ 
lol , at least it can play WoW without lag :P 
1.5 hours just BSing trying to fix some code and some where along that time I fixed it . I wonder what I fixed ? Whatever , I'm happy atm :D 
Imma be ninja tomorrow , everyone will be like who's the new kid .. gtfo < PROPMALE>'s seat o.O \ 
btw , hair cut , idk if it was a good/bad idea but yeah no shades anymore lol 
Friday FTW 
Ordered my computer parts ... now I have to wait till next week to build it , its gonna kill me :P \ 
Intel i7 < PROPFIRST > Bridge ( Came out 15 days ago)\ 
Asus p8p67 Mobo\ 
Seagate 2TB Barracuda\ 
G Skill 8GB 1333 RAM\ 
In three days my graphics card will be on the market , the Nvidia GTX 560 . \ 
BTW , I'm broke as of now , totally worth it :D 
procrastination is a killa :S 
I'm screwed tomorrow but today was fun ! 
e = mc^2 just cuz 
feeling sorry for Eygpt but the whole situation is hilarious ... 
I was accepted to IRSC ... to bad I'm going to Stetson . 
Waited so long for the weekend and now I'm thinking what do I now ... wonder if the Eygptions feel the same way lol 
fail at life , that is all 
I have everything from drivebys to country music playing on my Last.fm account 
I just got a call from Stetson and ... I will be attending this Fall :D It's official now :P 
Windows virus popup alert on Linux ... fail ? That's believable :D 
Wow , I guess its true what comes around goes around . I gave some random guy like 400k in RS a while back cuz he claimed he needed it .... and he just gave me 800k :P Just goes to show good ppl still exist in this corrupt world :) 
Just waisted 3 hrs of my life figuring out how to integrate facebook into websites :P 
I need a new hobby ... 
Off to work :) 
Did you know : 1 / 983 produces a repeating decimal with a 980 length period ? 
Apocalyptica is awesome Classic + Metal = Win 
Hello World ! Good times good times 
So ... 15hours passed just a moment ago 
New motor mounts and gasket . My car will be quite again lol 
Fast & the Furious 5 April 29th and it is before Tokyo drift as well ? 
Lovin this music playlist I made a year ago that I randomly found :) 
