You ain't on my radar , you ain't in my sight ... you got small cheese , I'm after bigger mice ... Presidents mean mug on every < PROPMALE > you spend , aight ... but < PROPMALE > got a grin on mine , my figures nice :) 

Straight fire , Made it through the wire ... I'm Great Now , I ain't waiting on the greatest to retire ... give me a feature bet I MAKE THAT SONG ... if < PROPFIRST > can rap til he 80 I ain't waiting that long ... yeah the hate that strong but its hard to stop me ... I'm a breed like Creed with some parts of ROCKY .... aim high if you archers cocky , but I doubt ya arrows reach this high to ever kill a BEAST this FLY 
http://www.jamglue.com/tracks/13883165-I-Wanna-Rock-Freestyle&t=I Wanna Rock Freestyle 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Happy Holidays ! 
Yall know what I'm about ... they keep putting up road blocks , I keep finding alternate routes 
Messenger like < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > was ... I can show'em how to grow a buzz , I don't need no awards ... I'm the Source and my Vibe is the livest ... you can B.E.T if it died , I'll revive it ... decided , record sales left people blinded ... if music lost its soul I'ma help people find it 
Could care less bout what you think of me ... ya best bet is avoision , I'm poison I don't want you to think its sweet ... got my own problems ya see ... but any problem smaller than the day God call him , ain't a problem for me ... see he deranged and his peeps the same ... if it cost to the boss I paid that way back ... told'em to keep the change 
I seem stressed/King without his kingdom , then the < PROPFEMALE > left/bottle these emotions leave'em on shelf/stop tellin me she moved on like I can't see it for myself/stop tellin me who you seen her with , if he got a cleaner whip , if he hit/as long as she happy I can't even trip/still got love 4 her , even tho I feel like I was there when you needed me repeatedly I deserve more .... 
I was trying to get my grind together ... God had a plan , I thought mine was better ... broke my spine for cheddar ... now I'm broke while the mils passing ... I can hear'em up in Heaven and he still laughing ... so now I'm out to get my mind together .... GOD on my side , got a stronger spine that ever !!! 
I'm trying to publish some poems I wrote ... does anybody know any magazines that I can look into ? 
is watching the state of union speech and doing my homework ... listening to Obama is making me smarter lol 
Its iLL ABStract ... till they peel our caps , gotta feel our raps ... real like that , never been fake ... on da 7 ... 9 , I never been ate [ Get At Me ] 
One minute it's good ... the next minute it's bad ... the next minute it's gone ... but it takes more than 60 seconds to grow from it 
If you wanna leave then goodbye ... think the grass is greener on the other side but its dye 
I don't lose , I won't lose , I can't lose ... and if I could lose I wouldn't lose to you 
People going through a funny change ... when I say I been had green , I mean they envied me even before the money came 
Baby be my passenger , I know a place you should go ... I don't know your name , can I just call you beautiful ... let me be your chauffer , the man in your front seat ... you just ride shotgun , trust I'll get you there in one piece 
They ask me where I been I tell'em I never left ... know my bed stay made , homie I never rest ... I keep on 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day FB !!! 
Check the < PROPFIRST > Poem in my notes ... and continue living and loving that special someone today , even if its yourself ... Happy < PROPFIRST > s Day ! 
You can be anything in this world that you want ... except for my downfall 
Thought you was runnin ' shit , well I'm back in town ... take his mic , slap him round ' ... who the illest ? Ask him now 
Know what its like being broke ? Feels like being choked ... suffering , you feel like nothin despite being dope ... put that hunger in every verse , cold like February 1st ... put that on my word , Im the Best Thing They Never Heard ... all I gotta do is open they ears up , make'em wanna toast with they beers up before the years up ... but my city got Twista , Kanye , < PROPFIRST > , Bump J on one stage ... Im just trying to make the front < PROPFEMALE > 
Wait a minute , we are ... what you thought was dead like off his with his head , off of the streets in the office instead ... suits wanna offer us bread , the land of < PROPFEMALE > , advance us money ... damn , its funny , used to be couldnt get a glance now chicks wanna dance up on me ... and slow grind , sorry shawty got no time ... forget that girlie , I'd hit that surely but time is money ... I'm trying to get there early 
Wish I could find her wherever she may be ... lonely , and hating to be but waiting for me ... waiting to see , if theres a man worth her affection ... cause she's lost her way with losers so point me in her direction ... I'm the medic , I know just what a hurt heart needs ... I knw just what shes missing , I should be in her search party 
We in the booth now recording \I Made It\ " < PROPFEMALE > T.I.N.O feat . Prolific D.A Poet & R . Dollar " 
Suits wanna offer us bread ... the Land of < PROPFEMALE > , advance us money ... damn , its funny ... used to be couldn't get glance now chicks wanna dance up on me ... and slow grind , well sorry shawty I got no time ... forget that girlie , I'd hit that surely but time is money ... I'm trying to get there early ... so I can have time to waste ... GET IT 
Hello Expectations 
Do you think about me ... Like I think about you , one cup not enough I need to drink about about two ... to drown all my problems , kill my thoughts ... numb my soul so I can't feel my loss 
Pro , TINO , & Truth in the booth ... bout to do this one for iLL ABStract , tune in Thought 
I'm Unstoppable , rockin ' jewels the rocks is huge ... we Rockstars who rock the mic , yea we showed up in Rockets too ... OUTTA THIS WORLD ... no black guitar but still my music plenty dope ... I can rock Rihanna with this trendy flow ... take my finger , stroke her she'll hit any note 
Searching thru the crowd for a woman thats atleast a stack ... them zeros behind her , she the one ... help me find her 
Why we at the lake and bout 12 white ppl ran pass us naked as hell into the water skinny dipping lol they having a ball 
I didn't think he was serious but my man Law came thru the booth today and actually did it ... he recorded the \2010 Booty Anthem\ " LOL " 
I want the Lakers to win so Kobe can add to his championships just cause it will piss off all the Kobe haters ... people who refuse to acknowledge that he may not be the best but he is damn good , great even ... give him his props 
SO I Couldnt find my inspiration to record today so i go to the club wit my guys ... this is not the place to find it ... lot of pretty women tho lol i need to lock myself in the lab 4real IM SO DISTRACTED 
Tell'em all call me a fool but I'm stuck ... its a love thang plus I'm overheating from the rush , our tongues touch ... kiss and feeling fireworks , watch the sky ... I make you smile but you rather have what makes you cry ... say goodbye and I'll leave now , with my heart on sleeve , memories down ... what I found is you still care , you had feelings and they still there ... baby girl keep it real here , are you still down ? 
I heard the top is kinda lonely but the bottoms overcrowded ... the fame makes haters outta homies , you'll know when you found it ... when you so fly you forget what the ground is ... and they still rockin ' fitteds , you lookin ' for where ya crown is ... like damn , I just sat it down for a minute ... hope Thought know I'll never let him down when I get it 
Last night I had the funniest dream ... then woke up , my alarm clock's a money machine 
\This is the girl of my dreams ... is she as good as what she seems ... or am I lying to myself ... think I should try and get some help ... \"" 
I'm from the GO and I'm proud of it ... shout out my city , have the crowd buzzin ' , tho they say my city ain't about nothin ' ... just murders and foul muggings , robberies and gang violence ... but who better than us ?... they can't give me a name ... silence 
Im just cheesin ' when she step out in her best evening , dress squeezing , I can feel my breath leaving ... left breathless , less teasing ... come here girl , I want a hug you my summer love but Im fallin ' like the next season 
I done came up ... finally on the loose , I was chained up ... to get at you lame mutts , the new big dog ... and what ? Say something , we can face off til ya face gone ... I dont want you to say nothing , this aint a Drake song 
What you take me for ? I'MA BOSS ... and niggas love it when you broke like them , what you think they HATE ME FOR ? 
just had my first 3D movie experience , its crazy lol next , gotta see Saw 3D 
Would like to say Thank You to all you beautiful people for the birthday wishes ! Its a beautiful day but there's no gift . greater than good 
Would like to say Thank You to all you beautiful people for the birthday wishes ! It's a beautiful day but there is no greater gift than good family and friends ! 
For Money , I be forgetting to sleep ... I'm heart sick , if that's Nas bitch then I'm tryna get her to cheat 
I have been up all night and have to work a 16hr shift in the next 2 hours ... damn that delicious iced coffee !!! 
I can pretend everything sweet , and life is all good ... but some of y'all would probably rear end me with the knife if y'all could ... so I keep my friends close but I'm not at every party ... its hard to have a good time when you watching everybody 
Wishing every night can end like this 
Expensive ass movies and snacks ! They got the prices in fine print 
Off 3 hours of sleep , on my way to do a 16 hour shift ... that just don't add up right ... anyway goodmorning to the rest of you fb early birds lol 
Them Bears looking good ! I see a playoff appearance 
Why are all these women so happy about this snow ? I guess for y'all snow means cute boots , but for us men it means shoveling lol not happy about this 
Changeyour FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? Tonot see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fightagainst child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite 
#18 lets see , you're someone I've always admired even before I got the < PROPMALE > to know you , very beautiful and intelligent , and so coo to be around , im glad to call you my friend 
#84 you crazy as hell and I love every bit it ! lol Even though we laugh and joke , and find everything hilarious you're smart as ever and know how to get the job done , you inspire me and I respect that 
#1 (first one ) you were pretty in high school and even more beautiful now , didn't get to know you that well but you were coo ... you're fun to be around and probably have an uplifting personality ... you're smile says alot ;) 
#8 you are so sweet and innocent and little lol I think u can do no wrong , even tho ur friend says u have a alter ego that's out of this world u will always be sweet innocent j**-j ** to me 
#73 I think you were one of the first girls that caught my eye in high school lol but we clashed too much , and I admit it was kinda fun annoying you but I always knew you could be nice if you wanted to be ;) 
#19 we had some Good and some BAD times but I wouldn't change any of it . I'm definitely glad I had you in my life because I grew so much with you and learned so much from you . I am the man I am today partly because of the time we shared ! 
#808 you're very beautiful in person and so sexy on stage , plus talented and as soon as that debut album drops I demand that you autograph my cd lol I'm a fan ;) 
#808 you're very beautiful in person and so sexy on stage , plus\ 
talented and as soon as that debut album drops I demand that you\ 
autograph my cd lol I'm a fan ;) 
#28 I dont even know you but i want to ;) lol j/p , you have a lovely personality , I can see why everyone wants to be your friend , plus a lot of drive and I know thats gonna take you very far in life ... if your looks don't take you even farther cause you so fine lol 
#12 , if ever I've met a woman I thought was perfect , it was you . You deserve the world . You deserve a crown too but you already wear that lol 
#1945 you're definitely one of a kind , a truly unique person who thinks outside and lives outside the box ! I love your personality 
#0 you're a great friend and a genius in your own right ! The world is not ready for you but the they damn well better get prepared , cause you are the definition of talent and creativity waiting to be unleashed ! Pick that pen back up and never give up on the dream and we definitely doing a 2011 remix !!!! 
#1225 when I first saw you I thought something had to be wrong with you cause I couldn't believe who you were < PROPFEMALE > ing out with lol but I've come to find that you're very interesting , great sense of humor , and a sweetheart under that tough exterior you put on we need to < PROPFEMALE > out 
#60 . 0 you were coo as hell , really made me feel like part of the fam on lasalle , can't fuck with me in no madden tho lol 
#333 you're best friends with my best friend , how can I not love you lol you have a warm personality and you're very friendly , the few times we've had the opportunity to sit and talk were always a pleasure 
#3 you have all the qualities of a true friend , plus some lol so caring and nuturing , you're gonna make the perfect wife someday ... but until then the men of the world are gonna have their hands full fighting over you 
#103 , all I can say is you where exclusive then , you are exclusive now , God just doesn't make'em like you anymore ... damn , wish it was me ;) 
By the end of the night I will have written 4 papers a total 22 pages in one day ... who does that ?!?! 
\Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing\ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
systems restored ... programs reinstalled ... mic and mixer back functioning ... studio back in session ... lets work !!! 
Damn why does it feel like everybody sleep or out clubbin ' and I'm the only one at work ... where my insomniacs at or ppl who just up with nothing to do I'm bored 
Ok my 16 hour shift has become a ridiculous 20 hour shift waiting on a damn relief ... this is why good workers start saying fuck it and start calling off 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas World ! 
Thanks for being a season , can't say I learned much but that cold winter is over ... nothing but < PROPFEMALE > days ahead ;) 
My resolution is evolution ... head the movement , better choosing of options and never losing 
\Let the chorus introduce ya ... I stand in the mirror everyday just to say I'm looking forward to the future \"" 
I wonder sometimes , I wonder if I ... was wrong ... trying to do right by you got me here , now all I am is alone 
Started from the ground up , planted the seeds ... not in the amateur league like I'm moving janitor keys ... flow colder than a Canada breeze ... think you shit , I'm a can of febreze ... I air it out sn : getting back to the booth ;) 
Just leaving an all night studio session , 8 hours in the booth and spit a classic if I may say so myself , now headed to put in 16 hours at my dayjob , hardworker 
These pre game documentaries got me hype ! let's GO BEARS ! 
DEFENSE WAKE UP !!! 
Down 14 , starting QB done for the day , the game in the hands of a 2nd string arm , and a defense that's not performing up to par ... and still there's hope ! As long as it's atleast 1 second left on the play clock , it's not over ! 
Good season , we had a lot more doubters at the beginning than at the end , without a starting QB and with a sloppy defense we still made them work til the last second , the pressure was on us but I saw the faces on Greenbay sideline they was feeling that 4th quarter sweat 
I always get compliments on writing but tonight my professor said my writing is beyond my years ... I think I was made to do this 
This supposed to be ya moment ... what good is being the one , when you the only one who knows it ... * re-inspired * 
Remember the Titans ! 
\The devil stay testing ... cause if you < PROPMALE > pussy its a sin but if it falls in ya lap its a blessing \"" 
who's gonna have the funniest Super Bowl commercial this year ? I think Doritos took it last year with the lil boy slappin ' his momma boyfriend for touching his Doritos lol 
I'm different ... I can't base what I'm gon ' be off of what everybody isn't 
You are defeated when you accept defeat ... winners refuse . 
Ok say a guy/girl is friends with somebody on fb for whateva reason , they have mutual friends or he just thought he/she was fine and added them , but doesn't personally know them ... but he/she wants to get to know them and thier chances of bumping into them randomly on the streets is like 1 in a million ... is he/she wrong for using fb to try and make that connection ??? Your thoughts please ... 
Done with the papers , done with midterms ... back to the verses !!! 
She don't believe my middle name is \Making\ " lol " 
missed the dunk contest last night but I'm watching some clips and they were going nuts ! 
I'm watching the news and for once its not about shootings and ppl dying ... its about ppl losing jobs and the prices of everything going up ... either way , they're killing us ! 
You catch more flies with < PROPFEMALE > but you catch more < PROPFEMALE > s when you fly 
\Dream as if you'll live forever ... live as if you'll die today \"" 
Ignorant females ... the ultimate turn off 
aight , we locked in ... 6 emcees ... 6 hours ... let's drop a couple classics ! #grindtime 
< PROPFEMALE > CITY ASSASSIN !!!! 
I hate waiting on late reliefs ... why you gotta be a whole hour late for work 
This is the age of stupidity ... with all our knowledge and technological advancement we still don't seem to know half as much of civilizations before us 
Good morning to all , especially those like me who haven't been to sleep yet ... money to be made ;) 
Got DG in the booth , bout to wrap up this \Constant Struggle\ " track ... its gonna be crazy !!! " 
Shouts to D.G and everybody affiliated with the B.A.R.S Attackz Movement ... this track turned out just as dope as I imagined it could be when I first heard the beat and decided to put that young up and coming lyricist on it ... killed it ! 
Hurry up 5 o'clock ... of the last 48 hours I've spent 32 of them at work , I need to be free lol 
Women today are quick to ask a man what he got and what he doing in his life , and that's all good to wanna know what somebody bringing to the table before you sit down but know this .... just cause we sitting at the same table don't mean we eating off the same plate .... I got mines , so make sure yours is straight before you get too concerned about what I got lol #justathought 
Today at work has been one of those \earn your money\ " days ... I need < PROPMALE > relaxation after this " 
KORVER !!!!! 
Coaches say there's no ' I ' in Team ... I say no but it is WIN ! 
For all you happy smokers out there , there is something wicked about your holiday ... April 20 , 2010 explosion causes BP oil spill , April 20 , 1999 Columbine Shooting , April 20 , 1889 Adolf Hilter is born ... knowing is growing :) Enjoy ! lol 
I wanna take your misery , replace it with happiness but I need your faith in me 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS IF YOU'RE BRAVE . I will be 100% HONEST . You can ask me anything in my inbox and i will answer it in my inbox . 
30 PIECED !!! 
I'm not a rapper , I'm an emcee ... \Rapper\ " Reciting Anythng Popular Perpetratng Every Record ... \ " Emcee\ " Elevating Music Constantly Evoking Evolution ... I'm an EMCEE !!!! #this is going on a shirt lol " 
From a loving son , every day is Mother's Day ! Happy Mother's Day to mine , you , and yours ! 
Listening to < PROPMALE > Mars thinking about how I miss having lazy days ... if its not school its work , if its not job #1 its job #2 , if its not either of those its studio time , if its not the studio its writing ... I'ma need all this stuff to pay off soon lol well graduation in a month so I guess that's a start ... just can't wait til I'm < PROPMALE > and well off so I can be lazy again :) 
Ok Chicago , I'm proud we won tonight too but I know yall ain't shooting already lol its just game 1 put the guns away 
in the studio with < PROPMALE > Da Feel Knight , < PROPFIRST > Holloway , Sadiki Tehuti aka Supreme < PROPMALE > , C.E.O , & D.G - this is an official B.A.R.S Attackz session !!! Upcoming show June 1st @ Checkerboard lounge , promoter just dropped off tickets - tickets $10 GET'EM NOW !!! If not , its $15 at the door but buy from US and get a copy of B.A.R.S Attackz pre-release mixtape \Devour The Tracks \"" 
Ok we rocked the show at the checkerboard lounge , had the crowd chanting our anthem , and got invited to more shows #GrindingAllSummer 
< PROPMALE > !!! 
out shopping for a graduation suit and trying on these different designers , getting fitted in the mirror I must say , I belong on tv lol not to bite Will Smith famous line but I make this look good :) 
You know what's sexy ? A thick girl that can shoot pool ... especially when the cue is somewhere in the middle of the table and she gotta < PROPFEMALE > over and stretch her body across the table to get in position lol oh yeah , I love that shot :) 
Greatest player to play the game ? Huh ! Better than < PROPFIRST > ? What ! Smh ... king without a crown or in this case , A RING LOL 
Alone in this room , realizing this is the last I will be here ... also reminiscing on all the memories ... I will always remember < PROPFEMALE > Cruz-Martinez , Kyesha Upton , < PROPFIRST > TeamAries < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > E Hunt , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Young ... you're all my favorite tutors :) 
Nothing like the sound of birds chirping as you walk through the door to let you know you been out all night ... so goodnight/good morning y'all:) 
Today is one of those feel good days ... no reason to complain ... maybe it was waking up to these gospel tunes :) 
Ok first I was mad cause I thought somebody ignorant threw a rock at my car , then I was pummeled with big ass rocks of hail smacking my windshield and possibly denting my car\ 
... so now I wish it was just a ignorant person with a rock lol 
Introducing myself to the world of Twitter ... follow me @IAmMostProlific I will definitely follow back 
You have to invest in your dreams ... or no one else will 
If she can keep a secret , been taking some of < PROPFEMALE>'s tip ... then we can Minaj , you got a friend with some of < PROPFEMALE>'s hips 
< PROPFEMALE > Of The Dead is my favorite horror film ... not < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , some < PROPFIRST > Myers style serial killer , alien invasion , killer clowns ... I think I can survive that , but if these zombies were real I would panic lol 
Today was a lil iffy ... started out with a lil car trouble which led to money issues , I hate unexpected expenses but I guess thats the reason I do invest in a savings account ... but it ended with me sharing the stage with a gang of talented Chicago emcee's and rockin ' the crowd at Hot City , B.A.R.S Attackz getting ready for big moves #stayingoptimistic 
They cooked a medium well steak on the dashboard of a car , its hot as hell lol 
It's three hot outside right now lol 
Me and the bro , late night starving rode up to Burger < PROPMALE > and walked out with 2 meals for the price of nothing ... a smile and a lil charm goes a long way lol gotta love a all female drive thru :) 
Need to start writing ... procrastination is a drug you can't overdose on but it will kill your precious time 
No wack rap #mymotto 
Its plenty fish in the sea and I got one on the line ... but how you replace something that was one of a kind #justthinking 
I swear when I grow up I want a car just like bumblebee lol #transforners3 
up late working on these designs for my book ... independent grind , everything done in house ... literally lol #futuresuccess 
you my sunshine and my rain drops ... we grow with < PROPFEMALE > , my motivation ... I can't stop 
If you are depressed , you are living in the past . If you are anxious , you are living in the future . If you are at peace , you are living in the present 
Looking for someone who is good with photoshop to do these text effects for me ... any takers ??? 
Damn , I'm good :) 
new mixer just arrived , studio is back in session :) 
Aspire greater , go beyond that ... til I see cash that's similar to Free's ass , beyond Fat ... beyond stacks , living lavish and you know ... I want a billion badder than < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > 
Pressure's not enough ... I've fell down , I've gotten up , and though its gotten tough just living ... the thought of quitting just not in us 
13 down , 3 hours to go ... sleep is the enemy of the hardworker #randomashell lol 
Negativity , I take it all in like I'm living with hoarders ... cause my goals to turn my haters into my biggest supporters 
Getting off work in 2 hours , beautiful morning so here's to having a good day and a great show tonight ... B . A . R . S Attackz returning to the checkerboard lounge !!! 
fighting racism with racism only justifies racism ... there is no victory when you attack innocence , only victims 
My own worst critic , you can't even count the beats that this guys slaughtered .... they claim this is my best work , I say I could've tried harder 
Damn this is a shock to me ! Did yall know that if you use your phone to log into facebook it copies all the < PROPFIRST > out of your contacts and everyone number is stored online ??? Fuck privacy huh 
As dumb as they looked , with some of the schemes they used to come up with , the three stooges were actually smart as hell lol #randomthought 
Somedays its easy money , some you really gotta earn your paycheck , and sometimes you feel like they don't pay me enough for this bullshit ... finally clocking out 
writing to this beat 
I need a loyal chick , that'll throw spoiled fits on my team ... need a < PROPFEMALE > since I'm finna be on my < PROPMALE > shit 
< PROPFIRST > Holloway , hurry up and finish mixing these tracks so I can go to bed 
This is a world full of doubt and second guessers ... that'll have you expecting lesser of yourself ... but whatever you do , never view you through their eyes 
single or nt post this as ur s < PROPFEMALE > te nd see wat color ppl inbox u\ 
black- I wnt yo numba\ 
white- I'm tryna smash ;-) \ 
green- I'm falling for u\ 
purple- I miss u </3 \ 
... orange- I really lyke u\ 
pink- I love u ? \ 
red- I miss how we were\ 
yellow- kiss me ? \ 
blue- ur bad ;-) \ 
gray- we need < PROPFEMALE > tlk\ 
brown- I wnt another < PROPMALE > 
Taking my first aid/cpr class ... I'm trying to save lives people lol 
starting to feel the physical affects of working all these doubles #tired 
A lone threat , I'd break my own neck to be on Next ... not a dating show , just to show that who got the greatest flow is a topic undebateable ... and every label know , I'm unsigned gold ... punchlines cold , walking one fine road , follow me to dreams ... all I see is one sign ' Go ' 
It takes a sorry ass nigga to blame women for his problems ... how you look at yourself as a man smh 
Like something out a dream ... but baby looking beautiful like nothing I have seen before ... we seem to soar ... I mean , we look fly together 
finishing up these tracks ... that \Stupid\ " go so hard lol #BARSattackz " 
Up all night long but I must say the results ... simply classic !!! #BARSattackz 
If time is money , I'm trying to get there early ( get it ? ) ... so I can have time to waste #BARSattackz 
Not really feeling it , but the urge to call off is not as strong as the < PROPFEMALE > for money 
Sun is out shining bright , weather looks nice , and I'm getting off work ... of course its a good morning :) 
Test me if you wanna , but might as well face it ... I'm already top of my class , I'm gon ' ace it 
I swear I must live on the most dangerous corner in chicago , this is the 5th car accident that has brought a car within inches of my house ... last time a < PROPFIRST > flipped over in the front yard , now a escalade almost crashed through the living room 
It is too nice out to be at work and I missed the bears game , but I'm glad to hear about the win ... or should I say read about it lol thanks facebookers 
Thank you to everyone who has liked the B.A.R.S Attackz music fan < PROPFEMALE > , your support means so much to us ... we got a show tonight up north , new venue , new crowd , wish us luck !!! 
These new Miller lite commercials are hilarious ... that's the second unmanly thing you did today lol 
Oh wow what a disappointing display of defense smh 
Damn , so Cutler just that nigga to sack huh , pitiful as hell 
It's disrespectful to put fliers on ppl windshield on a rainy day , now I gotta come peel these soggy pieces of paper off my car lol just for that , I'm not even gonna read them 
We just got this beat from a producer out in L.A , he wanna see if we can bring that Chicago flava to the west coast ... oh course , we can ! It's B.A.R.S Attackz ... so currently in the studio with < PROPFIRST > Holloway & < PROPMALE > Da Feel Knight working on this new joint \Feelin ' Myself\ " ya dig " 
So what's up ? Oh , its eight of yall , well its four of us ... and we can pour mo ' cups til we all seeing double ... the way you wearing that dress , girl you gon ' get me in trouble #feelingmyself 
Got so much on my mind , just putting it in rhyme 
Probably shouldn't have drunk that whole bottle before work , my body starting to feet numb ... oh well , hopefully I'm numb to the bs 
Good morning world ! Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes , I appreciate all the love ! 
I'm watching the new American Dad on on demand and thinking about buying a hot tub ;) 
getting ready for another night of work and writing ... its so peaceful in the midnight hour 
Morning traffic jams are the worst 
INBOX ONLY !!! Tell me one thing you have always wanted to tell me ... it will be between me and you ! DON'T BE SCARED , WE ARE ALL GROWN . Post this to your status and see what you get .. 
$198 tow fee for stepping away from my car for 5 mins ... fuck hyde park 
$500 in two days out my pocket to the city of Chicago smdh ... I told my brother I'm broke , he said join the club ... I said I'm trying to cancel my membership to that club , find the founding member and beat his ass lol that's real 
< PROPFIRST > is a damn fool lol no matter how many times you see these episodes they are still hilarious and keep you watching 
Just starting out and I can already see today is one of those days you gotta really earn the paycheck ... 14 hours to go :( 
caught the Mexican corn man passing my job , my day is starting to look up :) ... only 5 hours to go 
Pay admission , don't pay the haters any attention 
Chilling with my friend and she says the best part of sports are the commercials ... smh at girls lol and GO BEARS !!! 
waiting on Slaughterhouse to rip this years Hip Hop Awards cypher , and show these rappers how its done 
DMX needs to take < PROPMALE > offer and sign to MMG , they could use a veteran on the team and it would be a good move for X to put him right back into stardom 
Shady 2.0 !!! Niggas so lyrically sick , they had to get a new beat for their cyper !!! 
Who wanna say that Shady 2.0 didn't have the best cypher of 2011 Hip Hop Awards ? #Slaughterhouse 
A woman who is willing to spend can get whatever spent on #thatsreal 
Had to leave the city today to meet some new people , music connects , and network ... but we can't have any future meetings of the minds in the food court of a busy mall ... too many booties walking by , this is a < PROPMALE > distraction lol 
Sometimes I think everything moving in the right direction , then I wonder if it's all in my head like inception 
bored as ever , don't even feel like sleeping 
\the naked truth looks 100 times better than the best dressed lie \"" 
Rams looking sloppy , making it too easy for'em 
You rooting for the Vikings ? That's the 2nd unmanly thing you did today lol 
Why is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > getting famous ? 
Studio session with Sadiki Tehuti ... feeling revived ! 
If the pen's mightier than the sword , then we the real gladiators ... I know them phony niggas liars , only hate cause they admire us ... so in reality , we glad he hate us 
The greatest obstacle to success is self ... overcome self doubt , self pity , and turn your greatest rival into your strongest ally ... believe in yourself and you will be unstoppable #prolificdapoet 
Success never happens overnight but what you perceive as failure can ... if you think it takes forever to find victory , it should take even longer before you accept defeat 
YES !!! The work is never done but that's a blessing , cause doing nothing is the closest thing to death ... making good music makes me feel alive 
The money is nothing , you make it , you lose it ... some niggas stay broke and just make up excuses 
when a woman says nothing's wrong ... everything's wrong ! And when a woman says everything's wrong ... EVERYTHING is wrong ! And when a woman says something's not funny ... you'd better not laugh your ass off !!! LOL best advice on women #HomerSimpson 
