O great 27 more mins 

Nothing changed !!! 
Nothing changed what the hell ! 
Dam hate school they now give homework on the web on ..... 
yEa whats good boi all my shuot out goes 2 u niikkas 
Yo suku came back from < PROPFEMALE > and skinny as ever !. 
Wow how you broke your arm Pinky ? 
Wow we played football yesterday and it was awsome ! 
Wow im so bored here . I want something to do !. 
Wow im almost died my sisther put oil on the stairs to the basement she wanted me to die ...... 
Wow I forgot my Myspace password again !. I keep forgetting it .... 
Wow school could be so fun .... 
Dam summer made my nose suffy it's mad annyoing 
Filled with rage , stuck in a cage . Feel like I have been grabbed and choked a in a million different ways provoked . Feel like that last good thing I had , turned around and said she was mad . I feel like i am inside a cauldron- so burining hot .... 
God one of my friends got chasted out for the Q7 and he jumped out the window . 
DAng mad bored 
Wow happy Diwail 
Dam it was an ok day 2day 
Dam i hate sundays 
Dam i mad bored 
Anything new there ? WHere i am there is nothing to do . Dam i hate 3rd world countires . 
Wow I need something to do , But i will never do it ...... 
....... 
is haveing the worst time doing nothing 
Wow rome's sagend was ok 
Needs a new picture on facebook 
happy thanksgiving 
just in < PROPFEMALE > just turned mulism 
Also for all you indians she go'n to moscow 
Dam hows the weater over in NYC suckers Its proably mad brick .... 
3 more days till my birthday 
shit im so tried that i can sleep on the street 
]}}}{{{{{{}}{}{}{\ :\ " \"{???}" 
Snowball fights and fireworks are the best for New Years 
Mad boreed need to find help 
should or should not cut school tomorrow 
Gatta write a report 
Hey little duck , your brains on the clock , count to 3 and your family is with ya pulling the trigger like pop . 
Listen to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > .... 
Im so lost passing school thought with high 70's =) 
Ha 
Got new games !! I have no life 
Dam hate wakeing early cant wait till regents week 
Do we get new classes or no for the 3rd period 
SSSSSSSS 
Heard that sleep is the cousin of death , But don't sleep on me because ill kill you faster then a bird dyeing from a 40 ounce . 
Now im rep'n a new colors blue and orange . Sikh Nation all the way 
Loven my new schedule mad nice and met new people , woo hoo 
Watch'n that football Colts all the way 
Im a one man army played dodgeball at skcool only 1 on my team vs 6 and got 2 teams of 6 out ! so im feeling nice now . 
Mad birthday this month so happy birthday to ya 
Mad bored cant go back too sleep 
Wow my abs are coming in 
Wow just seen dragon ball evelotion which sucked 
Dam hating school because of the rain then snow then more rain & snow man i got wet . But threw mad paper airplanes out the window though 
Dam wish i had the old facebook < PROPFEMALE > back this one sucks 
oh there goes my grades dam got mad phone calls from my teacher wasnt even my falut 
Hello weekend good bye boreing 
luvn that dizzle 
Wow i love those racist bumper stickers ! =) 
Woweys got some good grades 81% avg dam math got a 65 
Yea 2day was a half a day we eft at 11am watchn ABDC 
Doing my power point project imma get a high grade . 
Wow Look at \Im awsome\ " viedo on youtube.com " 
s0 bo3rd 
O crap there is a coyote in Mahattan 
Final the dam last day of shcool 
Time for a good spring break 
luvn this break from skool 
DAM week end already 
Wtf dam internet is mad slowwww 
Holy shit 2 more days can't wait ! 
Aw man a two hour delay !!! 
Omg a 4 hour delay now wtf is happing 
is so lost got nothing to do 
Dam my mw2 got 360 scrathes if you move your 360 if messes the dam game up ..... 
Wow gatta go back .... 
Skool sucks its mad boreing 
Whya is it mad boring now adays 
On the 36/59 espi of Full metal finally !!! 
Listen to that Fort Minor 
Well imma go learn to do Kenpo .... 
Doing my protoza project month late .... 
Got nothing better to do 
Final finished my project woot ! 
This is how it goes Welcome one and all to the show We're wired upfired mivk'up ready to go In the back of the parking lot outside of the bar Twenty deep twenty feet from the boulevard Black hoodiesBlack capsBlack label in glasses ..... WE all are ready to go 
We gettin that Fort Minor innnn 
Fianl skool finished 
Final 5th prostige on Mw2 
Now luvn that new haten that old crap 
No school for me yea ! 
Yes , Finally finshied that stuipd interdiscintery project . 
Eating the peanut butter and jelly 
Dam farmvile sucks cuz it keeps bugging 
Mad boreing cuz i got no wheerr to go 
M-A-N-I-C This Is A Military Term If You Know What I Mean 
Greatest sunday yet ... 
Crazy Lazy Crazy Lazy Bussss 
No ! I Dont Wanna Take My Midterms ..... 
Color'n My Coloring Book Of Pirates Of The Carribean . 
My Newst Thing Is In 3-D 
OMG I Hate This Mid-Term's Im Like The Smartest Kidd In My Classes .... 
Imma Applie For My Summer Job .... 
Thats wack when you lose something and look for it then you find something else then you need it later .... 
Wow Got To Take That Dam Test !! I Can't Go To The Msp 
How Do You Fake A Black Eye ? 
Walk'n up too a nikka at the park he anit even siy me with a PISTOL AND SHANK walked up to him and stuck up too his Tank then I beat that nikka up and let em lay therir so my dogs could gooble him up ..... 
Wowzee luv those You Got Burned jokes , They be odeen on Them ... 
Why is the weekend so short to the week !.... 
Just Seen < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland Its Mad Awsome .... 
No School for me cuz Cutting anit Front'n 
IM Crazy At HandBall COme Vs me 
Just Took A Napp Feel Mad Good ... 
sleep'n 
Woken up Feel Good and god like 
Had a good friday cuz of sub's in skool 
I now know how to do a handstand and the whole works for like a < PROPFEMALE > or so each ..... 
Mad hot outside im bout to faint cuz it mad hott 
Body is mad sore and i can't feel a thing ... 
Made a table on sunday 
OMG I had to walk too skool during that dam storm and im sokeing wet .... 
Wow so many whitee play'n in Walmart mad funny . 
Playn mw2 imma play hanball tomarrow 
Yo we should all play a huge game of hide and sike or manhunt that would be megaaa fun ... 
Aint goin to skool 2morrow =) 
Awww its ganna rain hard .... 
Gimme some aims cuz im mad bored on miness 
Lmao mad < PROPFEMALE > outside . 
Yea I aint going to skool ... 
Anyone wanna play handball at Backstreet Park ? 
Playn handball ganna go all pro 
God dam everyone is listen too Wish Right Now ... 
Rock nation crewz that 5 < PROPFEMALE > chick 
Lmao thanks to those territos nypd got saved 900 jobs . Them terriotses are so dammm stuip 
What up blood ya watt up crip watt cuz i dont gatta go to skool 
Yea my day was crazy and my legs are killing me .! 
played handball for 3 hours and then ran from conduit all the way to rockoaway . 
Wow < PROPMALE > comes upp wit the cornyy shows . 
Where half way there 
When does anyone wanna play handball . 
Playn cards wit the fam cuz outside is too gusty . 
Playn soccer outside wit my lil bro . 
Damn lucky you are < PROPFEMALE > cool . 
Wow airplanes coming so close it sounds like thunder . 
Wow got kicked out of my lil bro skool for the dummest reason .... 
went to play handball in tha rain and i owned mad ten$ betting is tha thing . 
If anyone in Queens wanna play handball for money hmu 
Does anyone know what happend 3prd on the 3rd floor 
Why can't people stop buggn me and stop that sense of being mad annoying 
any1 got mw2 for xbox 
I don't understand why didnt any1 Assinate Hitler if he rode in a open top benz ? 
Yaaa boi at apple world wit my nikka skool can go to he'll iPad rocks 
My day turned out to be very good there are many reasons why 
Hate it when my parents bring me to home depot and make me do ALL THE WORK 
Does anyone ever go on aim 
Should I go or not cuZ skool is mad boreing 
Dam can't wait for the weekends 
It's ganna be hell for me tomorrow ganna take a cold shower 
Everthing looks good so far I wanna keep it going 
WTF it's mad hot outside imma take a cold shower 
It was just poreing 
I wanna find someone that I lost a long time ago 
Dam just had one of my most crazyest day played volleyball for like 6 different times and we owned wont forget this person I met though 
Yesterday was crazy and my legs still hurt like hell . 
oww crap its raining outside I Knew it 
Final done wit that stuip project . 
Damn finals all next week then regents 
Had a long day did mad work and looking forwards too dinner waiting for the damm pizza guy 
Today wass so long had mad fun at Walmart wit da fam cuz of all the toys there now I have to study or not cuz imma go play Mw2 to end my day 
UAV Stand-by That crap is mad annying and wensday is the last day of skool for me 
Should I go to skool or not 
Bout to go watch Full Metal Alcahmist Mad bored got nothing better to do . 
Mad stressed bout the regents 
AH man missed the Global regents prep because I was 10 minutes late . 
Damm ID pic and the new yellow skin color is ugly 
Daanana I think the living envirment Rengents are ganna be easy 
I got mad chores and now I need to blow off a hour on nothing wdf ... 
Dam my skillz are crazy in MW2 42-14 and its nycgreatest718 for 360 
Wow how stuipd are you if you have to retake your regents 3 times over ... 
Wow just went back though memrory < PROPFIRST > then got busted thanks to < PROPFIRST > them now if i go again imma get kicked out 
WDF my < PROPMALE > for aim got deleted dammit 
Had a great morning and now its ganna be different tomorrow 
Dang math regents were type hard hopefully i dont have to redo it 
Cant wait to go to the Main XD 
Yerrr I knew Brazil would score if they tired 1-0 
Yo that penalty against Kaka was crap mad unfair making that shit up 
Was saying that Toy Story 3 was a good movie but you must watch the first and second one . 
How to Train Your Dragon was crazy I would say a 10/10 , You all should watch it , Its worth the watch 
About to watch the < PROPMALE > of Persia , Then imma go get the game if the movie is good . 
The < PROPMALE > of Persia was mad crazy its worth the watch . 
You got a friend in me 
Holy crap Hot Wheels only work for rageful and abused kids with anger problems and it doesnt work for me !. 
Is anyone going to skool tomorrow and how long are we ganna be there for . 
District 9 sucked I don't know what was so good about it . 
Dam hate the summer break I wanna go back to skool because it's mad boreing . 
Whatt is the newest movie out that is mad good and that I havent seen yet . 
Anyone got Aim ~ hit me up at Lucky7enz 
I went to Coney Island and went to watch the fireworks , how do you delay it for 30 mintnes and not expect a riot and if if wacth ch7 you might see me . 
The Fireworks went out bu like 2oclock and then came back whit white rock . 
Im so bored that im playing DBZ and finished it 3 times over . 
Back to the past if I was in that movie I would have been happy . 
Wow this is the earliest time I woke up for madd long 
If I can promote sumthing it would be movies you all should watch predators it is jaw droping and cool 
Damm my cousins be acting mad gay I never knew he could act like a gay white person . 
At the cuz house enjoying the day . 
Damm I so bored I got nothing better to do then watch movies and eat . 
I want a bow and arrow badly . 
Wow my friend is dum he sprayed axe all over his hand then lit it on fire . 
Imma start free running now that looks crazy 
I just ran to 101st then back 131 I feel mad tried . 
Dam my stomach hurts from that running and all the water I drank . 
Im bout to go brain-dead there is nothing to do cept watch movies . 
Damm my whole back got sunburned and I thought I couldnt get anymore darker 
It sucks when you meet new people that you like and must leave but when it happens over and over you be like WDF 
Dam woke up at 5 because a call from < PROPFEMALE > told us my Moms brother passed away . 
ANy-one uses sykpe ? 
Watchn Vampires Suck , It is funny 
Wow went to only 2 classes i love skool 
I have so many styles im a group by myself . 
Came home at 11 now imma play Reach 
I dont understand if you can make a team on madden then why cant you make a play .... 
Rule one don't let them change you ... 
Whats the weather like now ? Oh Now its a flash flood to a warm day now ? 
Went to a whole day of school hated it .... 
They should take that 37 stop off its get mad people confused . 
This sucks now I have < PROPMALE > and a new math teacher(With ABC kids ) and it sucks 
The hardest class that I have now is < PROPMALE > , He gives us essays =( 
Back Home 
All I do in school Is pass test and sleep ask anyone in my classes .... 
There was something I was ganna say . Then I keep forgetting to let her . 
What would happend if the rain was snow . 
I might get a Psp Go . 
I cross the street without looking both ways . \ 
Im nasty like that so don't hate . 
It wasnt me 
Yea im in 11th grade , How ? Come and ask me 
Miss me a little when im gone 
Damm home already , What time is it ? 
I cant go back to sleep .... 
Mos Def all day 
You like the hype , but pretending you're part of the ? picture WON'T pass . you're like a high school dropout , NO class . you can say what you want about me , keeping talking while i'm walking away 
West was like you cannot out run me im black . 
likes 3D 
IF their the baby's wheres the parents ? 
What is there to do on a saturday morning 
Green Zone is a very good movies 
I live on a cop block all my neribors are cops 
If you want to be smart you have to be creative . 
Oh im late for school 
Money and Business don't mix . 
Whos playn MW2 for 360 . Mines is Nycgreatest718 
Dam I get a 4 day break 
Bout to leave in a few I want < PROPFEMALE > for the week 
Cant wait for till I get Fable 3 
Its so cold 
Yea got Halo Reach 
What could I have done with all my missed used time 
I think I did fairly on my grades which I got yesterday . 
Never be too overconfident , It will mess you up when your on your own Rhytem . 
Dam A train to far rock got messed up thing took forever . It filled up all the 10's 
My day gets better and better . 
Back in the crib . 
Got Fable III . Yea boiiii 
Playing Black Ops , who has 360 . 
Why is it raining now ... 
Seen them play . 
Car Accident on my street . 
Eat like a horse . Sleep like a baby . Grow like a weed 
Waiting for buses is a pain . 
Going to sleep 
my bday 2morrow 
I hate sugar-ie food . Time for the afterparty . 
Wow we dipped . 
Q : What Is the dangerous weapon to man .? \ 
\ 
A : The BP oil rig 
Its only monday . 
I wana be a rock < PROPFEMALE > 
Is anyone still awake . 
Yea I caught the 10 . 
You are reading this comment . 
You know you wanna twist and shout . 
My parents want me to pick the snow up 
I almost shat a brick when the boss zombies started attacking . 
A computer once beat me at chess but it was no match at kick boxing . 
Are we in a dream dream's 
They think they are fresh even with the tags on them . 
What would I dream inside a dream .... 
4 wheels move the body , 2 wheels move the soul . 
Can this be my 4-day weekend 
The potential isnt the best , but it was the potential to be 
I still have a few years to grow . 
Who has BBM 
Snow Snow Snow 
Did anyone do they chem project ? 
LIKE IF YOU WANT IT TO SNOW REALLY HARD TONIGHT SO THERE IS NO SCHOOL .! ;) 
Man I was the only person in my 5th pd math class 
Watching that Digimon back too eps 2 
I look like a person locked outside of my house with a fire going . If you know what I mean like this , Im a Ophiuchus now . 
GameFly rocks ! Never buy a bad game again . Free shipping , no late fees\ 
and get a free month when you sign up ! http://gamefly.tellapal.com/a/clk/DZDM7 
Might get a ps3 
Who got a week off 
Who wanna bet Jets will win . 
Jets are pissing me off . This game might be like Packers vs Bears 
I just lost a tooth I feel like im 10 . 
Just made 30$ 
http://i.imgur.com/WqNIU.jpg 
School starts tuesday right ? 
I hate when people rush me 
Be as smart as you can , but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart . 
Man my break is over 
I have the most retarded shd ever 
No kids no parents . 
Man I'm going overboard with my Program . Gym should be a option not a requirement , 
What is Homophones is a word ?? 
I can bench 160 now 
Told my Sister I couldn't help her , maybe if she was a boy 
Yea imma start staying in school 
Yea can't find me now google 
Wow there going to be a homeless shelter for the homeless next to 124 so they are sending notes home to go against it . 
The wind messes everything up . 
It might snow later iin the week ... 
There isnt a lot of snow to pick up 
My whole left side gone numb . 
Last nigh was crazy thanks to my cuz with the car . 
IM nasty my cousins ID card worded on my yo I got my fake I.D 
Victory loves preparations 
Can't believe its Friday already . 
Dead Space 2 sucks . 
Got < PROPFEMALE > vs capcon 3 that shit owns . 
Yeeee found 5$ but in my own pocket .... 
Laissez < PROPMALE > bons temps rouler , mes amis 
Wow I made new friends today . 
I never smoked weed or have been drunk - post this as your status and whoever LIKES it thinks you're lying 
Some places are the best place to napp 
Its so cold out sideee 
Yea on my free flow .... 
Damm nothing is working now 
Hall pass was alright . 
Battle LA is not a wack movies . 
Back home 
Any is one playing on this nice day 
Why can't the weather always be like this 
People better not throw powder at me . 
How do you break your forearm on a pull up bar . 
How do you tell a person he talks to low ? 
Yea ganna play some pranks tomorrow .... 
