wants fooooooood 

jooooooooose 
high joose captian whaaaatttTtttTTT ?????????? 
doctors :( someone come over after and bring goodies <3 
chocolate chips 
the joose did not treat < PROPFEMALE > very well 
looong night , doctors adult school then utah ..... wooot 
utahhhhh wit the cousin 
uttttttttttaaaaaaaaaaaah 
no sleeep , be back in 2 days (: 
family guy 
im back , come over 
cig time 
draankk , bored and annoyed bye 
i do not know 
beeeeeeeeeeeer 
moving to utah for goood ha fuuuuuck 
hagover ! 
im a double tasker 
27 by mysself cause < PROPMALE > sucks ;) , BRB 
blaaaaaaaaah 
talk bored and want stuff to make a happy me 
beach anyone ? 
come over and watch movies please 
frustrated bye 
come over and swiiim 
i cant deal 
sleeep dont work 
wooot wooot , bring me jooose aubs got the dolllas oh oh or 4 lokkas k bye < PROPMALE > potter 
get me foooodddd 
dennys with jj , satisfied :) 
vons ah 
how did it get like this 
my eyes hurt , lets adventure 
fooooooooooood 
i want cake 
waiting for parents to leave , chocolate covered strawberries be jealous (: 
ugh hott and bored 
cant dealllll , and out of grits .... coooool 
and then i step in dog pee , yessssss 
icecream with the cousin (: 
we cant get past the how are you's 
swisher with the master (: 
ciggles :( 
dinner with an ass and three hours of school , sounds like a fucking great day to me . bye 
kelcies with big butt hadley yo 
hello , lets do something .. oh and give me a damn phone please 
hello lets do something 
booreddddddddd 
annooyyeed 
cant wait to get outa here 
thiiiiiiirst 
ughhhhhhh 
come over and watch moooviiess ??????? 
hatehatehateeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
talk make me happy please 
yayyy meeting with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , if you wanna comme comment me , cause im sure u all want to go 
hello 
=/ 
yenchie and laurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
bike ride who wants to goooooo hahah 
in utah , hella bored fuck camping byeeeeeeeee 
kidnap me from utah and give me a grit 
hoommee from rehab wasnt that just grand 
so bored 
hi i hate you 
i want to see a movie 
hello facebook 
well that was a bust 
taaaaaaaalk 
bye 
5 and 3 and im flyinnnnnnnnn dont ask questions 
it comes and goes too fast lets go on an adventure 
whats crackkiin 
peeeeeeeeeeeace 
lets smoke 
suck it 
yoga and what not come over itll be a party , skylar and hadley suck my balls bye <3 
ugh 
help 
lets get cold stone ! 
i need more , gimme gimme 
yes my cravings were fufilled i love < PROPFEMALE > and kady 
boooop 
and im off to read buh bi 
lost my pack :( 
someone give me a costume ! 
i suppose ill take a shower bye byeee 
talk 
lets be kids again 
numb it down to none 
i want a senior picture ! hmph tehe 
foooooooooooooooook , ii will make today a good day . goodbye 
where did the goood go 
still awake ,,,,,,,,, whyyy hhaha kslut n yenchfuckmister 
q 
lalalallaaaaaaa 
hah fuckin bitch 
floatin 
FuCkKkkkkkk , may be kicked outa breakaway then who knows apparently i'll be off to utah wish me luck u fucks 
how hall , go 
get out of my head 
i got my snuggie on and im ready to go tehe 
meetings n shit bye 
< PROPFEMALE > BORED 
fuckkkkk 
i want i want i want 
< PROPMALE > hedberg 
my stomache is in pain 
pulp fiction 
< PROPFIRST > darko yeeeeeeeeeeep 
watching yet another movie , requiem for a dream .... cold 
now some old school ya dig ? 
finishing oldschool then sleep goobye for now 
may possibly be gone till im 18 oh the joy of relapsing , FML 
he doesnt even know , i wish i could explain . i want you i do but im scared and ive been hurt by myself along with you . fuck just make me 18 already ... cig bye 
all i want right now is to be with you 
boooooooo talkky , the office marathon yeee 
one day in the far long away distance you will get it ~ scratch that , i will get it spennyyy pooo i love you haha 
give up they all do 
haaaaaaaaaaa 
i have the ultimate fail song stuck in my head 
youve got to sink to swim 
worn out 
few more days and ill be gone ... again 
gimme drank 
just some facts i have realised today , i have half of a cigarette left in my pack , up is not as sad as you may have heard , only classy girls dont chug wine bottles ; unlike me , my salsa tastes like pizza sauce , fame is a stupid movie , frenchie is THE BIGGEST FLAKE , my name is officially Taubrey ... buhbi 
im obnoxious , goin back to my movie by myself ....... latteee 
ill be back most likely or ill passs out .................... take a guess 
i dont feel like being a human being today 
the first time we kissed was in the rain ,,, 
i'll tell you what you want to hear and make it the truth 
eating dinnn be back in a jifffy yaaallllllllll 
lets do something ! 
can i just get a logical answer about why you left without blaming me bye 
there goes the good mood 
cheesecakefactory : bowling ; why am i in a shitty mood ? 
you ask like i have a choice 
its weird when i see these innocent looking girls and realise ive seen them naked on my guy friends phones , happens too often im disturbed haha ......... just had to share this , ill never understand it ,.,.,.,.,........... 
< PROPFIRST > from the real world , i want to be your best friend 
headhurtssleepbye 
my toes are cold 
stop , its too late , im gettin frustrated 
fooot asleep , i just realised i cant go to marinas highschool reunions . my life could possibly be over = 0 
mah pops just called me beanie boy ..... i dig it 
youll never live this down 
addictinggames.com 
goooodmorning 
i hate burning my tounge . 
hello sun (: 
im done pretending thats all we fucking do here 
i just got accused of so many random fucking things 
panda express , i want you 
i dont care too much for money , money cant buy me love/// lalallaaalaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
go away facebook spam 
grit , write a letter to < PROPFEMALE > , sleeep possibly . text me if ya got the digits 
im beginning to question why i ever forgave you 
lets go back to 5th grade and start over 
ha and the day just keeps getting better 
water 
brownines (: 
ya know just updating my facebook status 
make me food , or bring me panda express ? 
im so bored i kind of wish i was enrolled in school , h.w would occupy me 
the office will occupy me for now ,,, wooo 
and will you tell all your friends youve got your gun to my head , this song was only wishful thinking 
i hate this , and ill be gone soon once again .... 
im home ! ( : 
back to coast startin monday , please let me graduate this year 
on demand movies here i come , call me if ya wanna do something 
you said my lifes like a bad movie and i said its true of all of us and you said ive got to wake up so fucking early 
kaylins cuzzi love 
why is < PROPFIRST > awake ? 
its official i may graduate this year , WEEEEEEEWWWWWW doctors then outpatient exciting shit 
i hate and i miss 
frenchie coffee panda h.w yay ! 
i dont know what to do with myself , why do i feel this way ... stupid stupid stupid < PROPFIRST > 
dr. < PROPFIRST > and dr. kelcie unite ! 
gonna go for a run , text me bye 
what ever happened to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? 
i love old photos 
frenchie is a < PROPMALE > lover 
i am the worst bored person in the world , coffee , music , save me ! 
heart or brain ? 
smile like you mean it 
< PROPFIRST > wants some starbucks 
things could have been so different 
my dad talks to himself hahaha 
GAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY 
chicken pot pie 
i hate it when good guys turn into man whores 
73 days 
lemon cookies n smokes good night 
saw with fletchface and ct 
spotted , house season five with kelc and chunkers 
< PROPMALE > !!! come back :( 
packets should die . hmph 
sick :( 
caught in a motion that i dont want to stop 
headache go away ! 
god damn you < PROPFIRST > bieber , get out of my head ! 
one day i will drive 
rain rain go away ! 
needs a new book 
car show with the pops wooot 
is avoiding math packets 
why oh why do i procrastinate ? hmph 
disgusting 
needs new mascara ;( 
kelcie < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > dawson and avocados ? 
who knows how to make something with a damn avocado ? i think im in a stupid killer movie where im the only smart pone who doesnt go towards the scary noise outside while home alone good luck girls 
home alone , my favorite (: 
i love my friends , today wont be so bad after all <3 
L4D 
coffee <3 
get off of my stack 
dont you feed me lines about some idealistic future 
my dad is obsessed with the song please dont leave me by pink .... i dont know how to feel about this 
what to eat ? 
knotts wit DA kelc 
bad kids 
communication is extremely difficult for me . 
you must be this tall to die 
great fucking day 
buffalo soldier 
today i celebrate , goodbye highschool . 
give me your eyes , i need sunshine 
i need l4d 2 :( 
i wish it was possible to just not care 
i like long walks and sci fi movies 
retreating to my room , american psycho and music . goodbye world see you when i finish this book . 
according to my parents i am unamerican for not watching the laker game last night , this is one of the reasons i dont watch it other than the fact that i dont enjoy it . 
fuck looking at open houses . 
zombie strippers , new favorite movie by far . 
too much bullshit on my mind 
good weekend , sleep please 
i want something new 
we can aspire for anything but just because we want it does not mean we can always get it . 
too much pride between the both of us 
books books books 
i want sweets 
i hate online applications 
i have a fascination with midgets , i want one . 
yay lets all go to the orange county fair and pretend like were best friends with everyone we remotely knew in highschool , sounds like hell to me . 
oh boy you drive me crazy , bitch you make me hurl 
a day late , a < PROPMALE > short 
lord of the rings session . 
get me out of here 
everybody's got a little piece of someone they hide , its okay its the way we distract until the day that we die ~ the rapture . love 
learning how to be a mother with < PROPFEMALE > appropriate . this day will never end 
strawberry cake , mmmmmmm (: 
Did I say that I need you ? Did I say that I want you ? Oh , if I didn't I'm a fool you see ,.. No one knows this more than me . 
ihop is what i want right now 
is it bad , that the fact that what they have is never enough makes me laugh ? and the ones who think that they are enough for that one person makes me laugh a little more ? maybe im just cynical , maybe a little realistic . who knows .. and why i feel the need to post my insignificant thoughts on facebook for a bunch of kids i probably dont even like to judge me is the biggest question . haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah 
any book suggestions ? in need of a new one . 
needs a vacation 
something in the way 
being dragged to the fair with the parents , oh joy . 
tell me your name tell me your story , because i'm into it . lalala 
needs sushi and a pack , oh what to what to do haha 
who the fuck says pop off ? 
never anything to do 
seen multiple spiders crawling on my desk , oh why am i still sitting here .. fuck you facebook . 
angel game was uneventful , except for the cotton < PROPFEMALE > and heavenly nachos . 
fuck my comfort zone 
4 more days , weird . 
crashin 
FoOoOoOoOd 
tomorrow is a new day , sleep please . 
(: 
all i want is some icecream 
just ate breakfast lunch and dinner in one meal , death . 
good day with kaylin hodak 
there is sand in my eye 
i dont feel too swell 
cheesecake and tortilla soup . life is good 
extremely important : does anyone have any extra photo paper for me and kelcie . so unprepared 
i just sat in my bed for an hour with my business book on my lap and managed not to read a single word . i have an attention span of a goldfish , god damn music . that is all . 
50$ starbucks giftcard for the birthday . THE SHIT . 
constant nagging -.- 
gonna go buy me some porn . 
thanks for the birthday wishes everybody ! ( : 
imma tell you what you wanna hear and make it the truth . 
just a bunch of whales 
i will annoy you all by tagging you in every picture , good day sir . 
To keep you in my pocket\ 
Where there's no way out now\ 
Put it in a safe a lock it\ 
cause it's home sweet home 
no more < PROPFEMALE > , its a sad day :( 
avoiding this wonderful family function taking place downstairs 
i had every intention of studying today but it failed . i blame the weather 
i've got all that i need 
bittersweet 
i think im a horder . 
pain all over 
im not good at being sick 
orange chicken please and thank you 
fuckin business plans -_- 
wonton wednesday <3 
trying 
hey guess what , lil < PROPMALE > is out of jail and i honestly dont give a fuck ! hate me 
wants to get out of < PROPFIRST > franchina's hott fucking house 
Since then it's been a book you read in reverse \ 
So you understand less as the pages turn 
dumb . 
longest day of my life and its not even over 
cant breathe outa the nose -_- 
trying not to look back , i feel like getting lost 
shortlived 
I miss dobby ;( 
i want everything i cant have right now 
pour some sugar on me . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > nickel eater 
elementary m'dear watson . 
it wasn't me 
kill all sons of bitches 
we are both melting in the same fire 
snow (: 
365 days happy happy happy 
jackass with my old man . 
online classes do not agree with me -_- 
theatrics 
give me your eyes i need sunshine . 
i want to go on a very very long vacation . ( : 
happy poop day , i will avoid this paper at all cost . 
movie night bummmzzz <3 
clothes are good , people should wear them more often . 
cakecakecakecake <3 
sleepyhead 
