Last night was a blast !!!! 

i hate having to find all my friends on this stupid new sociol network 
BOARD OUT OF MY FUCKING SKULL 
The Facebook Trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , enter key then right click . Then press up then down & magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU TRY IT . 
bored again 
i hate not having my damn cell 
concert !!! 
lmao love dbz abridge on you tube 
ugh life is complicated and funny .... i need someone to run with :( 
hey sorry if anyone tried texting me lately my cell dead and gone should get a new one friday ill get you the new number when i get it 
not actualy on 
my best friends in the world are a beam of sunshine a mythical creature and a glorified drug dealer is somethin wrong with that ? 
stayin home sick today :( 
ok i take back all the shit ive said about non main stream bands .... yes < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > this is as close as you getting to an appology 
finaly got the < PROPFEMALE > of this stupid cell !!!! 
why are some things so complicated i miss the days when i could hit all my problems 
single again 
ugh my a days are great right up till the end then they just suck 
why is it when nothing is wrong everyone who u would talk to is near but when u actualy need a good friend to make u feel better they no where near ? 
i wish i could snap my fingers and make shit blow up 
hate nights like this 
cant wait till the day my biggest prob is choicing which car to drive that day 
wut do people do this early home on a friday night ??? 
leasticoulddo.com makes my day 8D 
BORED 
finaly got some shit i desperatly needed done don3e 
who wants to help organize a snowball fight at northlakes tommorow ? 
ok for those i forgot by text \tryin to get a snowball fight at northlakes at one on friday hope u can come meet up at the playground \"" 
tired 
facebook hates me 
im doing a majior project out side of school and befor its due ... what is this world coming to 
attack my minions !!! 
is bastard a pet name ? 
ugh so bored 
Wonerland was amazing 
Wrote my first completly unplagorized paper today 
filmcow.com check out a depressed whale 
MY FUCKING CELL SUCKS 
bored 
is biting a form of flirting ? 
93 94 95 96 97 ....... 97 fucking mosquitoe bites lmao never playing shirtless soccer again 
this day is going way to slow someone do something interesting 
im almost at the point of strangling the next person to call me a whore 
ya i need to work on my temper i think i broke my pinky and fracutred two knuckles again :( 
ok so i jumped in the pool and killed my cell so im out of touch with everyone for a while srry 
ok i gt an old cell up and running so i need < PROPFIRST > hit me up 
JUST CREATED A WATERMELON BRA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just got back from my first day at a new job i missed working 
god ive never been to the point were i had to roar in rage till today fuck it made me light headed 
tattoos stinga bit 
Say it fast : I , 1 , 2 , 1/2 , 6 . hahaahahaha 
why are all my friends going to college out of state :( if i didnt love u guys id hate u all for leaving me here bored out of my mind 
I GET MY CELL BACK TODAY . i missed it :( 
ok so im note getting it back today .... i hate verizon 
whats with all the people getting engaged ? 
fought a man , he taped out , i got a bloody lip and it hurts to move my jaw 
FOUND A GIRL THAT GETS TURNED ON BY THE < PROPFEMALE > WARS THEME SONG !!!! 
GET MY TEST DAY AT KUSH TOMMOROW SO STOKED ! 
Hacked by a cowboy ! Bitches !!!!! 
Oooo , the Terrible , Terrible things I could put on here :D Love Ya < PROPFIRST > from < PROPFIRST > Belknap 
HELP BEING KID NAPPED 
enjoys long walks on the beach followed by hours of Dundeons and Dragons :D 
There are many things i can do , but none of them involve helping you . 
cuddling with a 24 pack of water :D 
Dungeons and Dragons Time !! Greek based Campaign FTW 
Hacked by the hottest rave girls EVER !!!!! :) 
Good night . 
Drinking Games with the < PROPFEMALE > :D 
love serving on sunday 
You know your a bad lay when she jumps off you for fried pickles :( 
Went to insomnia this morning , was inside for 30 < PROPFEMALE > before a bouncer walks up from behind pulls my hand out of my pocket and proceeds to frisk and search me , found out they with check your gum and ciggerettes but not your wallet , he was also having a slow night just wanting it to be over .... small talk should not be part of drug searches . 
Once again tested my fist against a wall last night . once again the wall won , and the only reason i know i tested the wall again ? My bloody fist , either im hitting softer or my knuckels have quit breaking ... either one works . 
thanks all for the birthday wishes , but my birthday was dec 3rd i posted this date to keep some friends from buying me anything ... didnt work . 
Today I learned i should not multi task . Trying to piss and answer my cell at the same time leaves me without a cell for a while :( 
YAY ! New cell ! 
new cell , same number , no contacts , text me . 
cant fucking sleep ... i blame gingers 
FUCK IT ALL ! ugh just not in the mood for anything or anyone . 
will someone please make life simple or kill me either or 
had an AMAZING night 
its weird i havebt eaten in two days im dealing with shit tons of stress i made < PROPFIRST > shit on a busy night . and im in a fucking fantastic mood lol 
\killing means never having to say your sorry . \"" 
<3 
next week is gonna suck 
I FOUND < PROPMALE > ! 
boredome is a dangerous thing ... just cuz ur bored dont play ever < PROPFEMALE > song on the juke box . 
i love my family 
god bless the 7th for on it i rest 
its either im dead and i havent done anything i wanted or im still alive and ther is nothing i want to do . 
