i am actually going to bed and sleeping on the same day i woke up for the first time this summer , but it took getting only 1 hour of sleep , and a day's worth of blood shot eyes that burned constantly to get me to it . tomarrow i will probably wake up at 12 

just got back from 2 days of sleep overs , almost no sleep , went to cam's , then < PROPFIRST>'s party , SOOOOOOOOO TIRED ! 
goin to see G.I. < PROPFIRST > l8r , looks AWESOME ! 
stuff ... 
im havin weird mood swings today 
i hurt all over 
lying on my floor bored out of my mind singing along to my music 
might go to music store tomarrow , looking at drums 
i made plans with a friend and he didnt show , WTF ! 
today is so lame , there is nothing to do , no1 is around , or picking up there phones . 
so bored but at least im tired enough to sleep tonight 
over trev's , playing with a blow up doll , lol .... it's not what you think 
face book is laggin like crazy and this is wicked lame so im off for the day 
haven't slept yet , it's 6:07 AM , i've been awake since 10:30 AM yesterday , after sleeping 7 hours , i think this defines me as an insomniac 
now im goin to bed shower and new change , ugh so tired all of a sudden , it's 8:03 AM 
i've yet again been labled a stalker , so many false accusations , i can't stalk people , i'm not pro enough 
having my braces off feels good , but weird , but im glad they're off , just annoyed as to y it takes 12 hours to ship something to here from Dover 
goin to < PROPMALE>'s party at 3:00 , still gotta get a gift tho haha , but its cool cuz i know what to get 
back from < PROPMALE>'s bday party , pretty awesome , didn't sleep at all , didn't really want to , but it was still really awesome , and now everything is funny . 
it feels weird to wake up at 7:00 pm , so i guess i'll just stay up till a normal time to sleep tomarrow 
well < PROPMALE > it won't lemme go on ur profile for some stupid reason so Happy 17th Birthday , now every1 can see it 
25 hours straight , going to bed 
hey cool , new Three Days Grace album sept 22 
yay a7x is finally making a new album , dunno release date tho , probably not to soon , but i felt like looking up a bunch of bands today 
just got a new power supply for my computer , and it works !!! 
sleepin over cam's again , RIP Zach 
nothin to do , happy about some things , sad about others , RIP Zakk 
Would someone please explain to my parents that I'm not a druggy . I don't know how they came to that conclusion , but they have . 
pretty good day , maybe < PROPFEMALE > with some people soon . 
just got back from Trev's . really hyper for some reason . 
bored , if any1 wants to < PROPFEMALE > just call me 335-2712 
Killswitch Engage is awesome , and i am tired so i don't think i wanna < PROPFEMALE > with anyone anymore , maybe just go to bed . 
i ended up hanging with some peoples for the day , but imma tired person , so stuff 
back from Cam's , just hanging out 
nothing to do , probably just gonna go to bed 
tomarrow i feel i like i need to make a lot of people laugh 
Going out to eat , chinese .... W00T ! 
beddy-bye time lol , school , probably just gonna chill like i've been doing for the last 2 weeks , and maybe after school , chill some more 
over trev's with < PROPMALE > , this is his 6th day out of 7 , over here 
< PROPMALE > just left Trev's , < PROPFEMALE>'s mad about some magazine being a little ripped , and Trev is playing the piano . Oh and I'm Facebook , so yeah , we're all just kinda bored . 
downloading some Korean game , but it looks pretty sweet 
had a pretty sweet day , talked for a long time , but now im goin to bed 
talked to a short kid , and maybe I'll < PROPFEMALE > out with him later 
playing N64 games on my pc 
going to Cam's , sleep over 
hanging at Trev's with Cam , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and of course Trev 
feels better now that i < PROPMALE > out with , and talked to some friends , bed then school 
it's 5:23 am , i have not slept since yesterday :( , and im goin to school 
is going to bed really early , but hey its 32 hours up , so you do it on a school day 
chillin with some peoples 
just got home , maybe go < PROPFEMALE > out with some people 
tried that awesome korean game i downloaded like a week ago , had problems getting the right version , and finding a better source to download from , but it's all good now , if your name is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > or < PROPMALE > walmsley , it's alot like L2 
im at a place with a kid , and some other people 
hangning with Boberto , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > . 
so tired that i have a headache from being tired , that can't be good , probably leads to brain cancer or something , so imma go to bed now 
hanging out in my room , pretty board , but find things to do anyway 
went home early from school , board , can't go anywhere 
goin shootin ' with my dad in a while , haven't been in almost a year 
at Trev's but he's not around , hanging with other people and < PROPFEMALE > 
pretty chill , not much is happening here , and the sugar cookies that < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > made me taste like really heavily buttered popcorn , which is weird 
pretty board , foot still hurts , but i guess its gonna do that for a few days , a maybe 2 weeks at most , still it's not so bad 
yay ! testing is over ! maybe i'll go < PROPFEMALE > with some people , and talk to them about some stuff 
been at a really sweet party for the last 9 hours 
hanging out at home , kinda feel like doing something but i got nothing to do 
im at the place that has people and stuff in it , it also has a couple other things in , Oh and Kraines , i just remembered , it also has a \female\ " in it . " 
is gonna chill with some kids later , but for now is just really tired , and feels like his head is gonna explode . He just ate cooked apples with vanilla ice cream . 
just watched an awesome vid 
did nothing all day , except talk to some nerd , and watch Heroes , which is the best show ever 
didn't do much today either , but oh well , it was still a pretty good day 
talked to some kid , and i'm gonna chill for a while , cuz another kid isn't around 
Soooooooo tired , I'm going to bed before I get sidetracked . 
at a place with lots of kids , and yeah 
goin to bed , cuz its youth < PROPMALE > weekend , and i gots to get up early 
back , but it's when i would normally wake up , so all i missed was a little bit of sleep 
stupid Mp3 player is screwed up , for good . i can't add or delete any music or vids , if i open it , my comp doesn't think it has any songs , but it somehow thinks i only have 216MB free . i guess that's what i get for buying a Sansa 
goin to Uturn , cuz nothing else to do , but i haven't been in a while so , whatever . i watched awesome movies for the last 5 hours(Transformers 2 + District 9 ) , but i'll see a bunch of people tomarrow , and that does mean a few short kids . 
place with people 
is acting tough 
has homework ( weird ) , and i have most of it done , but i still have some , i left 3 projects for the whole week , to do all in one night . not my best decision , but its not that much work 
finally finished everything ... 
awesome party yesterday , but got a little bit o ' homework . 
going to Uturn again , not much else to do 
kinda feel like something is missing at the moment 
gonna be a person for the rest of the day 
getting a phone today , finally ! W00T , took forever 
well , my Sansa Mp3 player is once again broken , this time i have no idea why , or even what happened , i was just listenning to it , suddenly it turned off , and now i can't charge it , or turn it back on , no matter what i do . i'm really sick of Sansa and all the problems they have , next time i'm gonna have to go with Zune or Ipod like every1 else , but those have their own problems ... 
kinda worried , but it will probably all work out 
bored and tired , but im happy we only have two days this week 
not pump < PROPMALE > for drivers < PROPMALE > 
yeah ................ yeah ............... thx giving ............. yeah ................ yeah 
homework is not unsucking the not unballs right now 
amazing time with < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... 
yay ! drivers < PROPMALE > ! not ... >_< 
chilling with some kids at a pretty cold place 
about to hit it up with perfume on Left 4 Dead P.S. perfume = colleagne = < PROPMALE > 
lol < PROPFIRST > drools on my comp 
down at the son's house 
hmm another borring day , not to be a scrooge but xmas vacation sucks 
it was fun while it lasted , but i guess we can just be friends 
only been a few hours , but it's all i can think about 
well today was ok ish , school was school , and it's somehow not awkward between us .... atleast for now , lets hope it stays that way 
im not sure if im tired or depressed , probably both 
bored with no place to go , figures 
mmmhmmm , bored again 
finals are over ... finally . 103 on comptech closed notes and 98 on open notes , and the other ones im sure i did well enough on 
going to a place with some people later !!! 
a microphone stand is harder to make than some would think 
lame guess we can't go to movie tonight , hope you feel better < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Oye read this 
horray !! driving test tomorrow time to study ... not horray for the test , horray for the license 
went to UNH today , place was pretty sweet , deffinitely gonna send em an early acceptance application XD 
J'ai < PROPFEMALE > license de driver ! ( don't think those are the words ) 
finally got MiniPE to sorta work , but now instead of helping , it made things worse and now my comp won't even detect the w7 partition haha , so im gonna have to reformat . Using Vista to back everything up to DVD's and flash drives then gonna reload win7 ultimate 64x . think i might leave Vista out this time , and not dual boot it 
Rochester is so sketchy when all the street lights are out and no1s around . looks like a complete ghost town , sooooo creepy , but we wanted < PROPFEMALE>'s at 12:30 am , and the comercial says they close at 1:00 . But when we got there , no body answered the drivethru 
still no power at my house , all the houses around me have it , but a tree fell on the line from my house to the road , such BS 
this is soooooo lame , i want my electricity back , my house is so cold that we don't even need a fridge , we just leave the milk on the counter and it keeps just fine 
sweet stuff got my power back , but still no cable , hopefully get that back within the next 45 years 
Yay ! all my stuff is back , Including cable 
turning in applications to stores and places 
such a borring day , but atleast i got all my applications in ( YAY !! [: ) , other than that i don't think i did anything , so horray for unproductiveness ! 
going to the pistol range with me pops , trev's later maybe ? 
goin to get sunglasses tomorrow probably , and maybe an air filter , then bonfire 
lame bonfire canceled for the 3rd time 
sweet day , been pretty much like that the past 3 weeks 
fun weekend , but didn't get home til like 3:00 am sunday morning , so slept until 4:30 pm , now im staying awake for school tomorrow cuz no possible way for me to sleep after like 8 hours being up , when i slept for 13 n ' a half 
so apparently it's possible for other people to tell you when you are tired or not , even if you don't have any idea that you are , since they say you are , you absolutely must be . This is cause enough for my Dad to be a huge asshole for absolutely no reason , take my car for like 5 days , and give me a line o ' shit like that . If that's not the extreme epitome of bullshit , i really don't know what is ... 
chillin ' with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > 
somehow tired enough to sleep this early , but oh well better than doing nothing for the next 5 hours guess im going to bed haha 
awesome night ! wicked hyper ! haha 
im fixin to be with some kids soon 
family comp finally broke , it's been kicking for like 6 years and it sucks , so i almost don't wanna fix it ... but i'll try /: ^) 
fam's comp is actually dead , somehow the CPU burnt up ... doesn't make sense to me , but whatev's ordered new stuff 
bored ... any1 wanna hangout ? 833-1821 
apparently I'm not old enough to go to chucky cheese yet haha :) 
yeah life ! woohoo ! ~ < :^] 
Fox Run Mall second time this week , but this time I bought stuff haha , even though we ate most of it 
late to school today , doin an essay that's already overdue 
imma be imma be imma imma imma be with son of the st. cyr 
second interview sunday :) ! 
wow bk needs 3 interviews , i guess they like me :) 
im pro at backing cars into ditches at 12:00 am , while it's raining , pitch black , foggy , and im blinded by the high beams of the car coming up behind me , then getting it towed out , and driving off with water pouring out of the exhaust 
3rd and hopefully final interview to BK at 3:30 today :) :) fingers crossed for finally getting a job ! :D 
I gotz me a job at the BK lounge ! XD 
with the St and the fow 
helping out my bro , trev's later maybe ? 
first appointment then school tomorrow !!!... hear the cheers ... 
first day working at the BK lounge yesterday went well , hopefully we can keep this trend goin 
fml 
i'll be contrarian and say i like working 
Today was a fundiculously fabulous day !!! haha 
so ready for summer already ... 
maybe I will jump on a tomatoe just to say i didn't not jump on one when i had the < PROPMALE > :) 
booooo parents finding things out sucks 
grounding sucks :( texts are wanted ! 833-1821 
Horray ! only grounded for 2 weeks :) that's not much considering i was thinking 2 months 
fun fun english project then to the BK lounge at 5:00 
new sound system's a BEAST ! 
off to work 4- 8:30 
A-block : Foote walks up to < PROPFIRST > who has a can of red paint , and asks , \Ya paintin' ? \ " lol Here's your sign haha " 
\Don't tell me . Tell my ghost . Because I blame him for all I don't want to know . \"" 
awesome day ... until i talked to my fam 
the word \yellope\ " brings back memories haha " 
If ya want , take some paper towles and make a big slide show of mohagony door frames . Don't bother asking why , cuz when trees grow upside down , then you'll have letuce on your head :) ;) ;) ;) :) 
i got a lot of monster !!! 
lol my speakers pick up japanese radio broadcasts and make random noises , it's pretty sweet 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4hxTsBKTCs 
best 4th ever 
uhhhmmm 
horray !! it's finally here ! ... 12 years later 
6 core am3's wow . that's pretty beast ! 
yayyy after about a month i finally got around to fixing my comp , but the power button is on the inside of the case , under like 40 wires and i have to press it with a screwdriver , while holding a flashlight and closing 1 eye so i can see it lol 
likes randomly having 3 hour long coversations with people you haven't seen in 5 years . 
hmm 4:10 am , been laying in bed for 3 hours . i think if i was fallin asleep at some point it would have happened by now 
yayy 7:00 am and im not sure if i should go to bed or not , cuz now that i stood up , im not tired anymore 
well haha i decided not to go to bed and i feel kinda retarded now that i haven't slept in 46 hours . i need to be my record though 
ohhhh woooaaaa !!!!! 
im about to go sit in the chicken 
chilling with < PROPMALE > early , didn't sleep at all last night , started walking at 2:00 got picked up by a cop taken home . went back out at 6:00 and now im just killin time 
Trev's for the night 
bored off my face 
senior pictures =D 
you know there's something wrong with you when you run all day on 4 hours of sleep , tired as hell , but the second you go to bed you're wide awake 
had lots of fun at bday party , hoppin on the SC2 with Boberto and Tyla soon 
new A7X is awesome , love the whole album 
asked to sleep over my friend's last night and instead my dad says , \Here's the keys ... don't **** up again . \"" 
pretty sweet day not gonna lie =D 
headin up to Plymouth for the day , helping < PROPMALE > move into his dorm 
swimming does actually sound pretty damn good right now 
< PROPFEMALE > St. Cyr is the balls 
car radios are a bitch to install >:{ 
Didnt feel like school today lol , slept in instead . Work at 5 , last day at bk WOOOOHH !!!!!! 
Orientation is soooooo repetitive :( 
That song that everyone knows but not the name . 
Rolled my car . Dirt roads be damned !!!!!! 
any1 have any money they wanna give me ? i want a new car lol 
Konnect is the shit 
possibly a car soon ? 
Lil bit longer til i have a car ... Super ! NOT ! 
03 ' Sentra GXE $4500 on monday ! Wooooo !!!! 
I <3 Walls 
Just two months and I'll never sit in another Spaulding chair again , guess i can't complain too much . 
