is still trying to recoop from saturday ... 

isn't it funny when you know they're just jealous :) 
enough of the haters ... I'm hatin ' on Apple for lying to me . You cannot put a new iPhone update with bomb features and changes and say it comes out June 17 when it really doesn't . 
cannot wait for an absolutely amazing weekend with everyone :) 
Lots on the mind . 
\They say money can't buy happiness . I say they must not be making enough . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Simmons " 
just kickin it with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
is starting to live 
is chillin in vancouver ... oh boy ... 
is stressin on packin ... 
has never had so much fun ! One more time !!! 
Bite of Seattle with < PROPFIRST > then BBQ with the fam bam and partying with Vilet ... sounds like a pretty amazing saturday 
is going insane . 
don't you hate that gut wrenching feeling ? 
is on facebook when I should be cleaning my room ... hmmm ... 
is chillin at home waiting for Canada ... 
tubing with TC and Vilet tomorrow ... what a good day 
Wow screw these clouds 
is packing for Canada ... oh boy . 
and < PROPFIRST > have floor seats ... hahahahahaha 
hookah sesh 
cigars and rafting with < PROPFIRST > at 4 ! 
totally forgot about dinner ... probably should eat something ... 
is happy < PROPFIRST > is bringing her dinner :) 
is exhausted from cleaning ! 
hates the million mosquito bites received this past week ... 
has alot on her mind . 
literally just woke up ... 
has written the paper ... now has to figure out how to add another 600 words to it without making it sound watered down in less than an hour ... fml 
hookah sesh with vilet 
is trying to plan a bit of Chelan ... 
< PROPMALE > just belligerent called me ... funniest conversation of my life 
was supposed to do a lot of productive things ... that never happened . 
ate way too much this weekend ... 
awake with no hint of passing out soon ... hmmm any entertainment on a monday evening ? 
is going to dinner with Bry & Trev sooooon 
is gonna go chill with the girls and the boys tonite 
is runnin loads of errands ... 
is having another sleepless night ... waiting for the knight in shining armour to come 
word has it free car washes at the plateau brown bear ... hmmm 
is hangin with my mom 
is smoking way too much hookah but quitting is for quitters ... haha 
is so confused ... 
just saw that my big toe nail was cracked in half ... vertically ... owie :( 
ewww my dad's 52 today ... sooooo ooooold 
exhausted ... I'm getting oldddd 
working for the weekend !! Come visit me at Redmond Town Center ! 
ahhhh f*cked up 
work work work work 
needs moolah asap ! 
ending the work day with 300 ... who knew < PROPMALE > butler had that crazy < PROPFEMALE > accent ? 
why isn't night time nyquil kicking in yet ? Seeing as I took it at 6:45 ... 
is excited to see < PROPFIRST > tomorrow :))) 
wishing I could have slept in today ... 
Anyone looking for a job in Redmond par t-t ime ? 
\Is it weird that I want to compliment that guy for his purple shirt ? \"" 
is searching for signal . 
Question : Why do dentists try to talk to you when clearly you cannot talk to them ? 
had an absolute terrific day 
just had the best run to < PROPFEMALE > Garden with < PROPFEMALE > between classes ... haha 
just had the most amazing thing happen to me just now ... I'm grinning from ear to ear 
cannot understand why this damn financial statement isn't balancing out . I hate you net income . 
cannot wait for tonite ... ahhhh I wanna skip class 
being distracted from financial accounting with the talk of ninjas and tasers ... haha thanks Beejan 
about to go get gooooorgeous with vuhhhhlet 
is sooooo hungry and there is nothing to eat in my kitchen ... devastating . 
Haha my mom just told me to go find a boy scout to light my candle since I lost all my lighters ... oh jeez . 
has a ribbon cutting ceremony for my work tomorrow at 12:30 pm ! Come stop by to see me and grab some free food at Redmond Town Center in the center plaza ! 
First you get the money . Then you get the power . 
going to work ! Come visit me ! 
is having a crazy day ! Back to work again tonite ! 
vilet lost her pimpin . 
is happy that I only have to wait til wednesday 6pm for the weekend to start ! 
has had better days . 
is sooooo excited ... prolly should take a nap ... haha 
dang ... forgot about something called school ... 
is working at the Overlake DS salon from 6-10 ... come visit me ?? 
gross im getting old 
just blocked farmville with < PROPFIRST > Barber and < PROPFEMALE > Heimbucher ... haha best day ever 
< PROPFEMALE > Heimbucher and I just figured out that today is our friday since there is no school wednesday ... YESSSSS 
is loving life . Things are looking better and I'm starting to figure shit out :) 
is avoiding this paper at all costs ... 
On my momma , on my hood , I look fly , I look good . Touch my swag , wish you could , I look fly , I look gooooooooood 
is craving taco bell ... and I wonder why I feel like working out isn't doing anything ... 
and the countdown to grays is on ... 
just figured out how to give iTunes the finger by not paying 99 cents to make songs into ringtones ... 
dang ... forgot about accounting homework ... 
( 314 ): On a scale of one to < PROPFIRST > Brown , how angry are you ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Heimbucher and I wanna play wine pong ... whose down ?! 
< PROPFEMALE > Lim : \So it's like a training homo school ? \ " < PROPFIRST > Barber : \ " Yeah but I liked it . \"" 
loves that I can go chill with my mom in the kitchen at 1:30 am 
would anyone be down for flag football maybe sunday ??? 
Today , my girlfriend and I went to go look for a baby crib . She told me she wanted a blue one because the baby was a boy . I asked her how she knew that the baby was a boy . She said , \Because the test was blue . \ " Blue means she's not pregnant . I spent two weeks freaking out over nothing . FML " 
Wouldn't it be nice if subaru parts were cheap ... it would make my life about $2000 better 
does anyone remember playing the Kitten Cannon game in like jr high ?? Haha 
is very ridiculously sore ... 
mmm definitely about to escape for a quesadilla ... 
has got to focus ... annnnd facebook isn't helping . 
I think I can , I think I can ... 
thankfully done and going to bed ! YAY ! 
loves getting packages in the mail ! 
should be at the gym but instead eating a rootbeer float ... gettin ' flabby ... 
had a terrific day :) 
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious ! 
Baby I like the way your sushi roll , it's hotter than wasabi 
( 636 ): Grandma was not a fan of the beer-can ornaments . Not \traditional \"." 
just took probably one of the most refreshing naps in the history of mankind . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > Murphy ( Clueless , Just Married , 8 Mile ... ) 
my xbox suffers from the ring of death ... fml 
just found motivation to go to the gym tomorrow 
cannot beli < PROPFEMALE > in 24 hours it will be Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . Didn't we JUST do thanksgiving ?? 
is shopping for a new head unit ... my car's finally coming together ! Inside ! 
is waitin for pay day 
mmmm < PROPFEMALE > Cuisine ... dinner of champions . 
Benihana's last night was sooooo bomb ... 
has the worst managerial accounting and microecon homework known to man and it's only the beginning of the quarter ... this blows . 
is wishing my hair grew four inches longer ... like right now . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Mortimer ... one of my absolute favorite customers at the salon . 
just found out I have a six day weekend after this !! Thanks Dai Quy Lam 
the return of Grey's was definitely worth the wait . 
uhhh it's my day off from school and I'm still up at the ass crack of dawn ... seriously ? 
just ordered my new camera :) 
The best thing about tomorrow is that it's a brand new day with the past already behind you . 
workin tomorrow until 2 ! Come and see me for $5 any bed tans :) 
has no money until tomorrow ... damn 
is enjoying Inglorious Basterds and a lovely cup of tea before bed 
Happy 2-year anniversary < PROPFIRST > McKenna :P 
workin for the weeeeekend ! 
just told managerial accounting whose boss 
is now on the path of recovering from Vancoooover ... 
is craving oreos dipped in some peanut butter ... MMM 
wishes facebook would stop interrupting my homework ... rude . 
is having a < PROPFIRST > Barber moment ... Gettin ' Right at the gym 
don't worry :) bullshit doesn't phase me 
every monday after the Super Bowl should be a National Holiday . It's decided . 
has a box of godiva and a butt load of reality shows ... livin ' the dream 
Hey remember what it's like to NOT work ? Yeah me neither ... 
had a wonderful weekend with the boyyy 
is still full from dinner with Dai Quy Lam and < PROPFEMALE > Heimbucher 
is doing everything in my power to avoid homework . 
why don't they label in the box which chocolate is which ?! 
had a tough day but looking forward to the weekend ! 
sometimes all you can do is just fight through it . 
hates the idea that I tried to be cute at work today but LOOOOVES the fact that all my customers are wishing me an amazing and SAFE early birthday :) don't you wish you had bomb customers like mine ?! 
Thank you for all the lovely birthday wishes ! It makes it that much better knowing I have amazing friends and family :) 
is gettin ' work done at starbucks ! 
Hey < PROPFIRST > McKenna , guess what's in 30 minutes ?! < PROPFIRST > : Starbucks closes ...? 
is running around like a mad woman ! Gotta love them crazy days 
had so much fun in vancoover ! Now back to reality ... 
my parents ditched my sister and I to go to a Bentley event ... family love at its finest . 
is overwhelmed and frustrated . 
wants to go to Night Owl tomorrow night !! Anyone down for hookah sesh and a little spring break celebrating ?! 
is enjoying the sun and can't wait for the weekend ! 
can't wait for pay day ... 
got in my car and the first song that came up was the Thong Song ... it's gonna be a good day 
is having a pretty decent weekend :) no work tomorrow !!!! 
is enjoying one of the few days I have off by my absolute favorite activity ... vegetating 
grades are up ! And how in the world did I pass Law with a 3.4 ??? I DIDN'T EVEN BUY THE TEXTBOOK . 
is loving the amount of craziness already planned 
is all wrapped up watching New Moon ... too bad my < PROPFIRST > is at work ... 
why oh why is there no GOOD BBQ in washington ... 
is still wondering how I'm NOT sleepy even though I know I've got a morning shift ... hmmmm ... 
laughing at < PROPFIRST > and his aggressive talk to other players over Call of Duty ... 
I wanna be loved by you just you . Nobody else but you :) 
is waiting for global econ to start ... any minute ... annnny minute ... 
has anyone seen my gym motivation ? I think I lost it somewhere between my < PROPFIRST>'s day and present day ... 
is taking a lovely tour of Sea-Tac Airport ... obviously once isn't enough to get the entire experience but two times will do it 
( 703 ): so im decorating easter eggs with my family and my mom is writing \Jesus is risen\ " and \ " God loves you ! \ " on the eggs . i wrote things like \ " I'm naked ! \ " and \ " there are drugs in these eggs ! \ " on mine . " 
shopping , pickin ' up < PROPFIRST > , makeover and stats class ... tomorrow's a busy day 
is going to a business application party at Kirkland Starbucks ... awesome ? 
is having a rough day . I don't care anymore . 
Didn't think this week could get any worse and of course got proven wrong . FML 
Oh yeah that's right , I'm doin me 
is workin at the Bothell DS .. come visit ?? 
today is full of great music , great people and even better weather :) 
Whoever decided Mondays was a good idea should be dragged out into the street and shot . 
even my global econ professor called me out for always having a starbucks in my hand ... I should get paid for their advertising . 
is hopefully headin ' down to the tattoo convention :) 
is watching indiana jones at the salon ... come watch with me :) 
is thanking miss < PROPFEMALE > for showing up to my salon piss drunk and entertaining me ... 
can't sleep and looking for entertainment ... help ? 
just realized my weekend is right around the corner ! 
has a craving for sushi before class :) 
congrats to my dad who got invited to compete in Vegas for Nationals for shooting !! 
is watching A Bug's Life at the salon ! Totally forgot the \lady\ " bug was a guy ... hahaha " 
You sick of lame dudes frontin ' wit attitude/Talking bout they rims and all they damn tennis shoes 
has tomorrow off ! Sleeping in ? Abso-freaking-lutely . 
is exhausted . Mentally and physically . Vacation , anyone ?? 
just found out I'm freaking out over nothing . My day just got better :) 
class , study , midterm , then work ... my day never stops 
and < PROPFEMALE > Orton are gonna go see Drizzy at Summer Jam . Period . 
is about to enjoy my day off ... after business class . 
This is my heart , it's not a toy <3 
Has an amazing mother :) thanks mom for everything you have done for me ! I could not have asked for a better mom ! @ < PROPFEMALE > Lim <3 
Change is good . It takes you out of your comfort zone , makes you adapt and even lets you discover more about yourself . Lots of good change <3 
had an amazing day :) enjoyed the sun and ready for the night ! 
had a ridiculously busy day planned out and now nothing ... hmmm ... 
can't sleep cause I got lots on the mind ... 
Life is short . Make sure you tell the ones you love , that you love them and appreciate them . Because you never know when it will be the last . 
is super stressed . 
is loving the direction life is taking me 
left my damn coffee in my car again ... argh another nice walk through the wet to go get my < PROPMALE > warm starbucks . 
Swedish fish should come with toothpicks .. 
wishing there were more hours in the day ... 
has the best customers ever :) Free $400 brand new designer boots ? Yuuuupp ... 
is having a tough night ... can't wait to just get home ... 
You never really understand how valuable the internet is until you don't have it ... I missed you facebook ... 
needs a pick-me-up ... just one of those days ... 
is the suck when it comes to keeping in touch ... 
Thanks Jobs for finally admitting there's a new iPhone :) can't wait to get mine ! 
Why won't this week end already ?!?! 
is thankful for the guy I'm bumming internet off of :) 
Take that global economics ! And so my summer begins ! FINALLY ! 
I hate traffic with a passion . No shopping for me :( 
is having one of those days where I don't know my left for my right . Ahh needs the weekend again . 
thanks Netflix for letting me relive my childhood with some 90s Batman and some < PROPFIRST > Walken :) 
dear iTunes ... how come you can't see my phone ? It's right here , I promise . Please update soon . Thanks . 
Thought of the day : You never truly realize how compact and small your Subaru is until you jump into a Range Rover then back into your Soob . Food for thought . 
just got back from camping ! Getting ready for tonite :) happy fourth ! 
is enjoying the sun :) bout damn time Seattle ! 
is in heaven AKA Nordstroms sale :) 
is loving where I am in life . 
My baby cousin ( baby ash ) just told me that I'm hardcore ... my life is accomplished . 
is wondering why some places don't deliver i.e. < PROPFEMALE > Garden , Taco < PROPFEMALE > , Thai food ... 
sat through 8 hours of hair doin ... thanks < PROPFEMALE > Orton , it looks amazing <3 
has an amazing boyfriend <3 
is at dim sum with Ryan ... ugh so goooooood 
would very much appreciate a sushi delivery to my salon :) tradesies ? 
is out celebrating my parents anniversary ! 26 years of almost killing each other deserves a big one :) 
is headin out to dinner with babe , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > after a very stressful IKEA trip lol 
is taking a personal day and shopping at southcenter :) 
is at my mom's first triathlon ! Go mom go ! 
had the cutest 8 year old boy come into my salon and talk to me about his life ... haha good start to a Monday 
is so stressed out and burned out that I have zero motivation for anything 
had a sudden realization of how much weight I've gained ... damn gotta get back to my skinny days 
hates a little thing called allergies ... 
is posted up on the couch with my big glass of orange juice and my big roll of toilet paper ... bring it on . 
is confused ... wishing life came with a < PROPMALE > . 
is relaxing whilst < PROPFIRST > is passed out trying to sleep on my stomach ... haha 
is dead from last night .. venti Starbucks here I come 
took the world's longest nap and got down on some housework ... I'd say today was a pretty good day 
just got pulled over for my tail light being out ... seriously Kirkland police ? 
won bumbershoot tickets from work ! < PROPFEMALE > and I gonna go see Draaaaake ! 
is too young and therefore my adventures are limited ... sigh 
is going with < PROPFEMALE > to get her lip pierced ! 
can't sleep cause I got Drizzy on my mind <3 
is at bumbershoot with < PROPFEMALE > AKA bottom weenie bout to get our drake onnnnnn 
OMG Drake was everything I wanted it to be ! Sooooo good ! 
can't wait for < PROPFIRST > to get home <3 
has an amazing boyfriend who has the best ideas <3 
had < PROPFIRST > call her a snorlax for taking up the couch ... O_O 
Did we just fist pump to < PROPFEMALE > ??? @kylee : Yes . Yes we did . 
COME ON CLEMSONNNNNN 
is craving sushi ... mmmm 
was reminded why Glee is amazing . 
how is it that I resort to using my iPhone for Internet rather than my MacBook solely for speed ...? 
If I don't come home , it's ok . I'm just living at forever 21 
had an amazing day ! Went shopping , came home to chill , got picked up on the Kirkland docks in < PROPFIRST>'s dad's boat and cruised through Seattle ! So relaxed ... 
< PROPFIRST > McKenna told me I couldn't bake a cake to save my life , so of course I had to make him a cake ... I WIN ! 
wants a Caesar salad but can't leave the salon ... wishing they had a salad delivery 
didn't know it was even possible to miss pizza delivery by 8 minutes ... they close ?! 
is cradling my corona ... that kind of day . 
doesn't get how my morning could be this crappy this fast ... 
What to do on a Saturday night ... 
Grenade - < PROPMALE > Mars 
< PROPFIRST > Hawksworth , pitcher for the Cardinals is in my salon ... now I'm not a huge baseball person but that's pretty damn cool . @ < PROPFEMALE > no this is not weird :) 
is disappointed . 
is rediscovering how much I love Across the Universe 
is having an emergency wisdom tooth taken out :( owie 
it's days like these that I LOVE my job ... just me and some good movies :) 
is working at Food Lifeline in the am !! Excited to get back in the game ! 
A wise person told me that it's best to take things one day at a time and that I'd get through this ... I sure hope he's right :) 
Ahh the bonding power of women and their shoes :) 
just raided on some Helly Hansen gear for hella cheap at the Redmond sale :) 
Thanks iPhone for not sending/receiving any texts ... 
Thanks AT&T for shutting off my texting plan for no reason ... now go die . 
loves getting packages at work ! Especially the new 2011 lotions :) 
is exhausted at work but had so much with fun with < PROPFEMALE > last night at the HP premiere :) 
watching Ratatouille :) 
Ahhh it's good to be in Maui :) 
She said look < PROPFEMALE > no hands , she said look < PROPFEMALE > no hands and no darlin I don't dance 
just experienced an earthquake in Maui ... whaaaaaaat 
is so blessed to have an amazing life with the best family , friends and boyfriend :) happy thanksgiving everyone !!! 
is up way too early but I guess hiking to some waterfalls is a good enough reason :) 
is enjoying the last day in paradise :) 
Eww this weather makes me want to jump on the flight back ... 
just got a nosebleed ... WTF ?! 
Let's goooooo Huskies !!! 
is at the salon ! Come see me :) 
it's like I take one step forward and I get shoved three spaces back . FTW I'm done trying . 
has the best mom in the world < PROPFEMALE > Lim & hearts ; 
isn't ready for this ... not yet . 
last day for Redmond-Wholefoods Desert Sun ... very bittersweet 
IM DONE ! :) 
is at Overlake DS :) come see meeeeee ! 
can't believe that < PROPFIRST > McKenna guessed his christmas present ... again ... for the third year in a row . 
is on an adventure to go get some apple pie ! 
is sick for the holidays .. uggggh 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
is setting up my new Keurig Single Cup coffee machine !!! Ahhhh so happy :) 
called my mom while in the dressing room at Nordstrom Rack asking what I should do since I'm in between sizes and she told me to go eat more . O_O 
is hovering around the little heater at Overlake DS watching Toy Story 3 haha doin it uppp 
is on an adventure with < PROPFIRST > to leavenworth ... haha wish us luck ! 
has officially received a title for my intern position at Food Lifeline but is still stuck in the volunteer cave ... laaaaame 
Oh man ... thank Jesus that the DS company party is once a year ... I barely survived 
Po ' little tink tink ... 
Good God a cup of coffee is in order .. 
The difference between me and you is that I'm real and I don't do bullsh*t . So go ahead and try with your games because I know in the end , < PROPFEMALE>'s a b*tch and what you do unto others , shall come back to you ten fold . 
Happy 3-year Anniversary < PROPFIRST > McKenna & hearts ; 
Note to self : Don't watch homicide detective shows when you haven't heard from your man in over 6 hours ... hahaha poor < PROPFIRST > 
is spending her last days at Desert Sun ! Come visit me :) 
Nothing better than some lemon mint hookah seshin ' 
Why does this hour even exist ... 
Epic fail of a day . Thank goodness for my mom and dad to always know what to do :) 
is livin ' the dream ... & hearts ; 
WHY IS IT SO COLD ?!?! 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes !! 
is having a shitty day 
is so happy finals are over ... I think I might just treat myself to an iPad 2 :) 
The first guy in line at Bellevue Square for the new iPad has been waiting there for 38 hours ... WTF ! 
Big thanks to the guy in front of me at Kirkland Starbucks for paying for my drink :) just a nicely timed reminder that there are still good people in this world <3 
needs to remember to take time for me 
is blessed for the amazing people in my life . I'm sorry I don't always have the < PROPMALE > to say thank you but from the bottom of my heart ... thank you for being there <3 
is wishing for a vacation ... 
Nothing like a good work day to keep stuff off my mind 
I pray to God this heart will heal 
Me , myself and I - Beyonce 
had a pretty good night (: 
