Just what I need . Another blog to keep track of . 

is brain tired and wants another vacation or at least a longer weekend . 
I'm glad I had some sick hours saved up , or I'd be in trouble now . 
just wants to dance ! I really hope she agrees to start a Saturday class for us . 
just got a new work schedule . Starting 10/10 , I'm Monday-Friday 9-6 . 
is feeling a bit sore still , especially in th neck and mid-back . 
My back finally feels better , but I have an appointment with my doctor anyway . 
I love my weekly bellydance practice . I wish I had either a bigger place or access to a dance studio . 
is looking forward to clocking out and having dance practice . 
is being put back on the closing shift . :( Hopefully this means rescheduling the dance class and not cancelling it . 
had \Hot Patootie / Bless My Soul\ " stuck in her head until she saw the Muppets sing Bohemian Rhapsody . " 
is sick and gets the feeling that she really shouldn't be taking calls , but will try anyway . 
is too sick to work and trying to keep it from getting worse . 
is still sick since Tuesday night , but also stuffed with Thanksgving dinner . 
is still sick . Hopefully it will end before the weekend does . 
is eating chicken & noodle soup and drinking Sprite . It seems to be helping . 
is alsomst all better now ! We'll see if the doctor agrees tomorrow . 
had both < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > call in sick . :( No dance class today . 
is in a dance-y mood , but really needs sleep before work . 
feels like < PROPFIRST > looking and the light at the top of the cavern , wishing she were part of that world above . 
just saw the new Iron Man trailer . May 7 is a long time to wait , but I look forward to it . 
thinks it's funny how calls are non-stop until after 6PM , then they're anywhere from 5-10 minutes apart . 
has been playing Wii Fit Plus today . It shouldn't be too hard to do this for 30 minutes a day ! 
purple 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best 
thinks that flourescent pink has made it into her top 5 favorite colors . 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > 
loves the fact that working from home means she does not have to go outside in this weather ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
New Orlean's starts the party early this year ! Yay Saints ! 
loves the sound of the rain outside . 
is sick for the second day in a row . Hopefully I'll get my voice back before Monday . 
is still sick , but getting better . I'm thinking next time I'll drink heavily so that I have a good reason for thorowing up and feeling like crap in the morning . Hey , if you're gonna do the time ... 
I don't remember the last time I got this sick . What's worse is I can't get a hold of my doctor . 
Doubly annoyed because Facebook ate my last post . I tried to reschedule my dentist appointment so I could schedule the time off on my own . It turns out I actually can get the time off and I'm about to tell the girl never mind , only to learn she has already erased me and given my appointment to someone else . Not happy . 
always gets a kick out of Hawaiian customers saying \Aloha \"" 
I found relatives I did know I had . This is kinda cool . 
wonders if anyone else thinks the Pope resembles the Emperor from < PROPFEMALE > Wars . Seriously , those eyes ! 
I really hope I'm not getting sick again . I started using degongestants right away and that seems to be helping . 
One of my dream homes is a two story loft apartment . Too bad the ones on L Street start at $ 675,000 . 
FarmVille is being depicted on the new Sout Park episode . The frightening part is this episode illustrates FaceBook drama with very little exaggeration . 
Ordered the iPod , went with the practical engraving . Should be here any time between tomorrow and next Wednesday . 
is pretty sure the iPod Shuffle will arrive tomorrow as it just got into Oakland an hour ago . 
As of 8:07 my iPod is in Stockton on a Fed Ex truck for delivery . I really think it will come in today . 
IT'S HERE !!! <3 
I officially have 100 FB friends now . 
Today is 4/20 ? This should be even more phone than the drunk support calls ! 
FACEBOOK FRIEND APPRECIATION DAY ! If you appreciate your game friends for all their help & moral support they give you , then let them know by posting this on your wall . I truly do appreciate my friends . Without them , this wouldn't be NEARLY as much fun . I have AWESOME friends ! Thank you !!! ? 
just got back from Sushi . Mmm ... 
is feeling sick again today . Darn it ! 
Dear Windows users , Stating the fact that Macs don't get as many viruses because the people who create malware are trying to affect the biggest group of computers possible as an argument for the superiority of your operating system is a self-defeating argument . Trust me , being the higher priority target of malicious software is not something to brag about . Please refrain from citing this fact in the future . 
just had a blast from the past . Who knew there were so many people with video cameras at Fanime 2007 ? 
is making a wish list and thinking about working a few hours on her weekday off assuming she gets a 4x10 to pay for said list . 
is having < PROPMALE > Engvall moments at work again . \Should I enter my password ? \ " \ " Nope ! Just stare at the login screen until you intimidate it into fixing itself . Here's your sign . \"" 
is having dental work done this afternoon . Hopefully won't still be numb when work begins at 5:30 . 
just found out her SkinID is 14.32.38 according to tryskinid.com . Now I'm bored agian . 
is getting ready to see Iron Man 2 . Chest light ? Check ! Martini ? Check ! Maserati ? ... still working on that . ( gotta love the closing crew ) 
just saw Iron Man 2 . Loved it . Definitely on par with the first one . Clear nod to Disney early in the movie . References to two other Avengers . Stay after the credits ! 
is on an AC/DC kick . 
is feeling a little wobbly . 
has Phantom of the Opera songs stuck in her head , and a copy of Music Theory for Dummies in her lap for the time between calls . 
found her old music theory text book from\ 
almost five years ago and will attempt to use it in conjunction with\ 
the \For Dummies\ " book . " 
' s back cracks every time she sits upright . This sucks . Maybe I should use that Massage Envy gift card soon . 
has switched gears from AC/DC to < PROPFEMALE > . I should have known there would be side effects to that Highlander marathon . 
had terribly broken sleep last night and woke up with my back still sore . Maybe I need a new bed too ? 
took an early out to get more housework done and som practice time it . I can't wait for my new dance DVD to arrive ! 
is trying to decide what color to paint her nails . The base coat is drying now . 
starts working 9-6 on Tuesday . 
is stiff , sore , and sunburnt ... but would not change a thing about the weekend . 
... Anyone want to see my Futterwhacken ? 
BOO ! They closed the contest before I could get my entry in . So unfair . It's not even midnight on the east coast yet ! :( ... So , no Futterwhacken . 
feels like a responsable adult today . 
\Dancing\ 
will have to have the entire logic board replaced on her computer . So glad that she has the etendeed service agreement . 
is giddy . Yay iPhone 4 !! 
... iPhone 4 , 4x10 schedule next July ... Come on , one more ! Good things come in threes and 4 is my lucky number ! 
wants to run a game of Scion . 
The third good thing has arrived ! After fixing the shift bid information , I ranked 4 out of 36 ! Yippie ! 
Click the \like\ " button and I will tell you something I like about YOU ! Be brave and repost on your < PROPFEMALE >!" 
has had a week worthy of Futterwhacken ! Watch for video coming soon . 
I am going to be without my computer for a little while this weekend . At least when I get her back , she'll be as good as new again ! 
is getting frustrated . Let me pre-order already ! 
may not get her iPhone 4 on luanch day after all . The website is taking no more pre-orders , Best Buy ran out for launch day already ... The last < PROPMALE > is Radio Shack . We'll see what happens . 
Dance class is back ! Woohoo ! Regular sessions begin again after July 17 . :D 
Found it , thought I'd give it a shot :\ 
\ 
If you're reading this , disregarding whether or not we regularly talk to each other , comment with the first memory of me that pops into your head . Then post this as your status . You'll be surprised what \ 
people remember about you . ( Just for fun :) 
nearly woke in a panic twice this morning , afraid that it was Monday . 
is seriously considering being at an Apple store on Thursday morning and just taking a nap before work . 
has a 4x10 schedule with three-day weekends . Yay ! 
As I was falling asleep last night I was playing with notes in my mind . I realized I like the tune that I had formed , and recorded it for later use . Now it is stuck in my head . 
can't sleep . Maybe I just had too much caffeine too close to bedtime . 
is back from Mary-An's party . It was a lot of fun and I can't wait to see how the pictures turned out . 
is working on pushing through the day in order to reset her sleep cycle for the new work schedule . Less than 12 of the approximately 31 hours remain , but a short nap will likely be required . Hopefully that will not throw things off too much . 
I'm on my first break of the day with my new 4x10 schedule . For the past god-knows-how-many months I would normally still be asleep at this hour . This feels weird . 
survived the first 10-hour workday . 
had forgot today was Friday until a customer said , \Have a good weekend ! \"" 
is annoyed at the results for AGT's last episode . I really wasn't impressed by any of the singing acts that time through , but one of them took a top 3 spot which meant one of my personal top 4 had to go home . 
Question for antendees of this year's KublaCon : I heard a rumour about a reprint of the old WoD being release by White Wolf , and this was supposedly an announcement at the Con . Can anyone verify this ? 
is bored . 
just downloaded Comic Life Magiq from plasq.com . This should be fun . 
seeing my dad work on my car the other day paralleled , in my mind , to the image of a dad putting a bike together under the Christmas tree while the kids are asleep . 
They took molds and x-rays of my teeth today . We'll see how much insurance is willing to cover . 
has less than 90 minutes until the weekend starts . Just gotta < PROPFEMALE > on ... 
I decided to break my weight loss goal of 60 lbs by next summer into 6 lb increments . Completed as of today : 1/10 
I knew braces would be expensive , but DAMN ! O_O 
Arg ! American idol head-of-the-line auditions at < PROPMALE > Fair mall today between 10am and 2 pm , and I can't go . :( Contemplating the SF tryouts . 
is tired of FarmVille and has blocked the application . 
is feeling giddy . For no apparent reason . 
Just three more hours , then I'm off work . 
I think it's funny how excited everybody is getting about a three-day weekend . It's not so exciting when you get one every week . 
The more money I save , the longer my wish list gets . I really ought to stop flipping through The Pyramid Collection . 
The brackets and first set of arch wires were installed today . Next week : bands . 
I've had them for almost a full day now . Braces hurt . Seriously ? 20 months ? I sure hope it gets easier with time . 
A\ 
true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your \ 
house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with \ 
crazies . They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long \ 
periods of time without speaking to you and never question the \ 
friendship . Repost if ... you have at least one true friend . They will \ 
know who they are . ? 
finally has an iPhone . 
is addicted to her new iPhone . 
Weight loss update : Right on schedule ! 2/10 completed as of today ( 12lbs of 60 by next summer ) . 
Why is it that the part of my shift that comes before my lunch is an hour shorter , but the part after lunch goes faster ? 
\Socializing on the Internet is as reality TV is to reality . \ " \ 
Be good . If you can't be good , be careful . If you can't be careful , don't get caught . 
Anyone here thinking about NaNoWriMo ? 
I will miss the three-day weekends , but not the 7am shift . 
I like having a later , more normal-feeling schedule again , but I do miss having the extra day off . 
I have glow-in-the-dark nail polish that goes on clear and actually works . Awesome ! :) 
Yesterday a customer and I started talking about RHPS , and now I've got Sweet Transvestite stuck in my head . 
What kind of Vampire are you ? - WOD version . - My Result : Gangrel http://apps.facebook.com/what-kind-o-bbjgigj/take?tv2=mKrRaGQbEuuYxCiHLTPJhyuGk1S8cxG4Y6rQ3e4mhlA%3D&link=status_message&resaban=1 
I've had this thing for 9 weeks now , and I still haven't reached 2gb of data . 
I've gotten to the point where I actually spend more time on Twitter than I do on Facebook . I'm really not sure how this happened . 
Working ten days in a row with Christmas right in the middle . * sigh * Oh well . At least most if it I'll be making OT Pay for . 
got the promotion . Yay ! 
I miss lazy Saturdays . 
Got my first Zumba class tonight . Excited ! 
Zumba was awesome last week , so I'm going back tomorrow and maybe even Thursday . Anyone else ? 
To all of my co-workers who share February 16 , 2009 as their hiring date : Happy Appleversary ! 
