Happy New years to everyone ! 

The cats outta the bag , whats done is done , and now ... I can finally rest . Dec 9th , 2009 < PROPFEMALE > decided she could no longer be happy with me , so to cure her unhappiness ... I thus removed myself from her life . Good news , she appears un-affected by the loss and is happier than ever before , its good to know how much you mean to someone who you sacrifice your whole life for ehh ? I'm well , but PM me if you want . 
Just recieved my offical job offer ! Will be looking for a roof this weekend and then towards the horizon for a new lease on life . ~ Viva Saggiamente 
Finished the design for my Futon 2.0 , got the wood cut down and prepping for pre-assembly ! Expect pictures soon ! -Vivus prudenter 
So ... houses/town-houses in Asheville ... a very depressing thing to shop for . Must work harder to find a better buy . Out of 12 .... 2 were acceptable . Tomm Apartments ... wish me luck . 
Nothing like stabbing yourself to ruin your appetite 
Moving ... what a pain in the arse ! 
Moving today ! Wish me luck because exhaustion is setting in 
Finally getting things in order , pictures coming soon 
Tired and nervous about work tomm . First day back in action ... lets hope all goes well 
First day cleared , finally got a phone , computer arrives on the 7th and have met more people than I can remember . Overall nothing more than a typical first day of work ... now to find something todo tomm . 
Food for thought : Is it human nature to want/need to be needed ? 
Great day , solved year long problem at work in two days , ran 2 < PROPMALE > with out stopping , enjoyed thirsty thursdays and a great night . Rest now 6am is early 
7-11 ... name of a store and/or the hours I worked today ... you decide ! 
Complectus tui ferus pars ! 
FFT : Is it so hard to know what one wants after graduation ? Life changes because we no longer have a set goal/destination provided to us and many seem to get lost in a perpetual fall afraid to move on . Is it that hard to accept that life is no longer about the destination but the journey in and of itself ? When does one accept that ? 
8pm and I'm contimplating bed ... oi 
Starting the much needed long weekend 
Deter me with a quandary and my mind devours it . Throw me into the heat of contest and my blood pulses . Tempt me with favors of sin and my soul remains unyielding . Yet my heart withdraws , frail and secluded , remaining defensive when a < PROPFIRST > of warmth pierces through the frozen abyss . Weakness 
Don't worry .... be happy .... :D 
Lovin it here , music and fresh beer in walking distance . Very chill place 
1am finally off work ! 
Had my head in the clouds today .... literally 
Exspectata tu domus draco , templum pro populus cum fidelitas , devotio , et veneratio . \ 
Adveho humilis inimicus , pro super hos < PROPFEMALE > furor , vires et < PROPFIRST > de draco exsisto solvo et acer . 
Could use input on his latest sketch ! 
Exhausted , already searching for the weekend . 
Our soul , \ 
forged from trials and tribulations , \ 
illuminated by purity , \ 
empowered by strength , \ 
lofted by hope , \ 
fueled by love , \ 
protected by honor , \ 
guided by loyalty , \ 
may wander peacefully this journey that is ... \ 
Life\ 
\ 
~ NLHC 07/2010\ 
Inspiration from KMK 
Breaking a fever and contemplating work 
Ahh ... a Saturday night at the brewery 
Dining Room table , Punch Dummy or Washer .... what should be my next investment ? 
Hitting exhaustion ... 2 mas hours ! 
Long day of hiking , much needed drinking and good eats ! Been working on a new poem-scrip t-t hing ( <- Yes a very technical word for literary devices and genres I do not understand ) . Also some pictures from today will be coming soon . 
Finished writing and detailing it up , its to long to post on wall ... made profile pic and attached captions . 
2 more weeks ! 
Day three of defeat on attempting to program the seemingly impossible and a light bulb went off . Hoping for victory tomm ! 
Off work at 5pm ... what ??? 
Voluntas tu erant hic . 
Jellyfish poison and my ankle ... a match not made in heaven 
Complex ? I'm not complex ... I am simple ... wrapped in layers of simpler things , intertwined with plain colored threads of reason , made from your typical variety of moral fibers , dyed in logical colors and neatly packaged into a ambiguously shaped box ! 
Thought of a new poem thing ( I really need to figure out what to call these ): \ 
If I could have it but once more , \ 
that moment when time stopped , \ 
pain subsided , \ 
fear evaporated , \ 
worry weakened , \ 
joy overwhelmed , \ 
warmth surrounded , \ 
for my frozen heart beat\ 
your loving embrace 
From my scribbles today : \Overlooking parts of a person is but to only accept the parts you want . When you are looking for someone for life you must not overlook but accept who they are whole-heartedly or not accept at all . \ " ~ N " 
So moral of tonight’s entry : If you love hard you must prepare to lose painfully . If you love hard you must choose whom you love wisely . If you love hard , you must be loved hard in return . 
From tonights writings : Each day brings new challenges , new troubles and new pains ... but with them come new triumphs , joys and pleasures . So fear not the sun setting and rising , for everyday is a gift to see the next one come . 
When it rains , it pours :( 
I am who I am , no more and no less . 
Officially capable of leaving the US now ;D 
is finally going to buy some new pants and a belt . 
Rest ... I welcome thee 
Home finally 
Log Splitting to start off the vaca 
is now a member of a gym . Let the fun begin ! 
Words from Aristotle to Alexander : \A true friend is a second self . One soul dwelling in two bodies . \"" 
Debating Dupont for frozen waterfall pics tomm . Weather pending . 
Perfect day for a hike ! 
Called into work at 8AM while on vaca .... check . Time to retro-act this with a day of cooking , hiking and drinking ! 
Every time I cook with wine ... I seem to find myself with an empty bottle on hand . 
DMB Concert in VA ! 
DMB blows fucking minds with musical awesomeness ! 
ITS SNOWING !!! 
Ever nearer , To be without fear , My beating heart cries out . \ 
Reborn anew , With only a few , Never to give out . \ 
The darkest night , The brightest light , My emotions all about . \ 
A chapter past , A blood oath cast , Shattered with a clout . \ 
A tingling chill , For an unknown thrill , My future without a doubt . \ 
~ N 12/7/10 
Bloody cold this late at night ! 
And here is to being a quarter of a century old ! Cheers ! 
Thanks be to all whom wished me a happy birthday ! 
Three amazing beers later(from the Thirsty Monk ) and life is good ! 
Shopping for gifts and then perhaps out for a few drinks later this evening . 
Let the baking(in the kitchen ) commence ! 
Exhausted 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
To the monk ! 
forgot to shut his windows before leaving for work ... slightly chilly in the appt ? Yes . 
Where did the weekend go ? 
Cookies , awesome-burgers , homemade < PROPMALE > n cheese and a salad . Dinner of champs . 
Stay up and watch the sun rise ? Bah I am exhausted . 
Outlook for today : Dismal with a < PROPMALE > of chaos 
Graveyard Shift 
When the weight of the world bears down always remember ... \ 
The Rule of H :\ 
Thou are not hungry , homeless or hypothermia-ting , \ 
Therefore , thou should be hopeful , \ 
Through discipline of humility , thou shall be humble , \ 
And with honest intent can thou be helpful , \ 
Therefore through humble thoughts , \ 
Helpful hands and hopeful spirits , one can truly be \ 
Happy 
Ahh a night at the monk 
Ass . Kicked . 
Finally home , rest take me into your embrace 
We are all somewhat limited by what we must do , however we are only ever truly limited by believing that what must be done ... is all that can be done . Never give up , never surrender , for the end is only the beginning ! 
Complete 10mi hike ... check 
Great day ... Beautiful hike , great hiking companion and amazing beer at the Thirsty Monk to finish it off . 
Planning out the next waterfall hunt ... 
Talking about space colonization at work this morn , where to start , why the loss of interest , etc . etc ; came to the conclusion(thanks to a coworker ) that if the < PROPFEMALE > had oil we would have been set up there 40 years ago . 
Hiking tomm ? Perhaps a new waterfall ? Maybe ... 
