I'm new to facebook . bear with me . some of our friends gracefully bowed out of our bumbershoot adventure today . I am fairly certain this will be a trend over the weekend . So I think I may have some extra tickets . If you're family and wanted to go , call me . 

Our dog is a great rat catcher . She caught one in a matter of seconds and brought it to our door . still alive . 
going to a native cultural fair today . then maybe a japanese one . perhaps a movie before we're out of $$ . 
ever see the little signs by the side of the road that say you can get paid $ 20,000 ( or some ridiculous amount ) per month ? How come they can't afford a tv commercial ? or maybe a newspaper ad ? or better signs ? maaybe I should call and ask . 
Today's Ironic Moment is brought to you by Corporate < PROPFEMALE > . Last week I was given a job-expiration-date for being too high-tech , among other things . It makes sense in its own context . Anyhow , my high-tech report today helped me find about 30K in over-spending that we can recoup . hmpf . I need a better paying job anyway . 
My interview today was pretty good . The boss seems to treat people like people . So does the one I have now , don't read anything into my other comment . I also had one with HR . I hate being summed up in one word . 
Yay for Friday ! -The boss is back today but leaving again this weekend . I wonder if I will have a new job when he returns . I need fun this weekend . The last 2 weeks have been difficult . what to do ...? 
my car is towed home . oil looks good . water looks good . Now I have to remove the sparkplugs and look for any bad signs . I have a broken spark plug cap . After I get that out , I have to buy crap just to see if it dont work . I dont like that part . Grrr ! 
if your sidekick had interrupted service you might be getting a refund . and you don't have to pay that $1.50 /month for a paper < PROPMALE > . that was silly . Today I job shadowed a fraud investigator . I like that work . I hope I get it . 
interview went well . They had some hard questions but I was able to answer them sufficiently plus provide additional information they hadn't thought of . They had a ridiculously easy excel test . I told them how they could make it harder and they said that I was the only one who finished early . Then I showed them what I've done in excel , access , and < PROPFEMALE > reports and they were impressed . 
thank you Mayan elder for saying what I've always believed- 2012 has nothing to do with the end of the world . Apocalypse is probably another western projection onto another culture . ethnocentricity strikes again . Frankly I think that also applies to religion . 
I fixed my car . +10 . I got a cold . -10 . My fish died . -5 . I got the oil changed . +10 . The CV shaft had to be replaced . - 364.89 . I got a job . + 359.89 . I have a Reeses Big Cup . + 0.50 . 
yet again my car leaks . It leaks oil . it leaks water from my sunroof . it leaks from the heater core . I can fix all that but they're messy . I'm trading my floormat for hammerite . too tired to futz with an old car , I don't care what it looks like or what people think of it . 
not cool : \[depressed ] Woman loses health insurance for smiling on Facebook \"." 
what happens when a touch-screen 5 megapixel camera internet browsing samsung \Behold\ " phone gets dropped on the floor ? anybody ? anyone ? mom ? mom : it breaks :( mmhmm . then they get a cheap disposable phone time-out . I was kinda hoping that this incident would have happened much later than a week . " 
the phone works !! 
I woke up this morning with my arm cold , hanging straight out over the floor- paralel to the floor , not pointing towards it . shoulder hurts like crazy . 
arm is worse . but it couldnt have been from sleeping , my body pillow was in the way . i can type w/ 1 hand ; i'm worried about shaving today .... this sucks . 
a day of mouse pushing didn't help my shoulder out . lol I like the \you don't drive everytime you smoke\ " commercial . " 
new term- divorceversary . Yah , mine's coming up . a sad happy time , though nothing like it was . weird to feel 2 seemingly opposing emotions at once . So my thoughts on \closure\ " . Closure is ones own preferred ending . any thoughts ? " 
how are you supposed to help someone when no matter what you do or say they think nothing will change . 
club motor . 4 totlly awesome dj sets in a row . amazing ! 
comcast tv :\ one moment please this channel should be available shortly\ " ( ie never ) . comcast chat : \ " \ " [ you don't even get the courtesy that they've left the chat . the session is open but nobody is there . nice . ] " 
replaced cmos in laptop . has interweb connection via cell phone . so far everything is workin good . I need to upgrade my ram though . I gots new ram , anybody have some old ram ? when IT sees my laptop they snicker . it's kinda old . 
another company xmas partay . the music is too loud , the < PROPFEMALE > is ear piercing , but the dessert is awesome . I hope I win something useful . last time I think it was seaweed or something . unless its around a sushi roll , seaweed is part of the deserted island menu . imo . 
sucks at wii rockband . but its funny . 
I am ready to see avatar tonight- in 3D ! I hope 11.15 is late enough to avoid little kids . and friday night drunks . i dont have anything against kids , i would just rather not hear them when i pay a small fortune bringing everyone to the movies . speaking of which , i asked my daughter to invite a friend . ask her if she found one free to go that late . and i swear to gawd if theres any drama ' cause of whatever , invitatio 
avatar sold out until sunday 11 am . perfect time for kids . gawd i hope they're still in church . 
can't I sleep in just a little ? maybe tomorrow ... 
i smashed the hell out of my finger 6 hours ago . if my nail falls off then I'll get to tease all the girls . oh , look- chipped a nail [ holds up black and blue finger , nail half on ] 
Xmas < PROPFEMALE > was very difficult . I wish she had more time to deepen her bonds with such a close friend . 
I have flu ? I woke up feeling as if I slept on rocks . Dizzy , dyspraxic , a gurgling/churning tummy ( this can't be good ) , + hot n cold flashes . oh & I'm home alone . I don't hear the dog anymore ; I expect to see her I so I do out of the corner of my eye . creeped out yet ? hm . when I \go\ " I hope it's in my sleep too . just not by this weird cold/flu/food poisoning/allergy or whateverthehell it is . " 
HTC touch pro2 : developers will have an app soon to reboot into android . I couldn't wait . I moved back to a g1 . my cold is somewhat better . the doc says it's not strep throat . But it damn well feels like it !! I get about 5 minutes of talk time per day . and the rest of the time it feels like hot razors down my throat . sometimes I sleep , almost through the night if I am lucky . my bp is too high for meds :( 
' s deathflu stages : 1 ) queasy confusion 2 ) phlegm mass production 3)painful throat+fevers-voice 4)coughing fits+night fevers . BTW I suggest : often gargle warm salt water ; herbal tea & cold fruit smoothies ( to coat throat ); benadryl every night . pain in throat ? I ate spicy food . hot towels on face are nice too . worst flu since childhood ! it's eating my vaca $$ :( 
I will have my 401k moved to my bank , and I can use it for skool ; skool starts around vday- and fits a working schedule !! I can probably get scholarships to snag extra classes for a dbl cert- DBA + DB Busin . Intelligence Analyst . These certs are supposedly a response to requests from businesses in the area and jobs are supposed to grow by 24-28% . 
argh . this week has been difficult but enjoyable . I'm getting all my ducks in a row for skool/work/unenjoyment . Still not done . 
anyday now ... the bureaucracy can send me confirmation to get my transcripts . Then I can apply for scholarships , yay ! as for jobs , I only have a funeral ( black ) suit . although , a little part of me dies inside when I apply for crap I don't want to do . 
guess what I saw yesterday , < PROPFEMALE > Blossoms ! My fave tree . Spring is coming ! I love spring because it always brings change . 
great . my phone plans are screwed up . 
since the layout change I haven't logged on here much . It messes with my firefox . I got my transcripts today . Now I can apply for scholarships . * crosses fingers * 
Skool starts tomorrow . Kinda excited . I think I may go to Haters Ball 2 . $5 , hard to go wrong . hm . DI FM is playing hardstyle mixed with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > poe . nice combo . I'm off to study . 
Happy Valentines Everybody !! 
oh wait !! that's tomorrow . today's only the 13th . I'm actually a fan of VDay , just a little excited it's almost here ... 
sweet ! I just scored free passes to Shutter Island . from fobogo . gobofo . goofob ? foogob . gofoob . something like that . I hope I can score free passes to < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland !!! 
friends can be flakey at any age . GRRRRRRRR !!!!!!!! bye bye scholarship * waves * 
Let The Right One In . It's not very often I'm willing to watch a movie twice . But this one is even good the second time around . I must read the novel . 
oh the Ides ! beware the Ides of March ! 
Pipeworld was fun last night . On the way back from the lodge we walked through the woods and saw a deer . We were about 30 feet from her . Oly kids are fun btw . < PROPMALE > and Pooka were great . Beat Weazel was good too . 
Goodbye Rush ! Don't let the door hit your ass on the way out of the country . 
* sigh * Rush isn't going . He was asked where he'd go for healthcoverage . His response seemed to one-up the questioners disgust by * implying * he would leave the country . Now he's backpedalling . Since the entire country would be under the same law , it's unnecessary to say you'd leave the country . No one mistook Rush's intent , it was obvious . 
reads A+ Cert exam question #18 : A customer is explaining their problem but you know their answer , so you : B ) Go to your \happy place\ " and let them drone on . " 
we're turning socialist ! The treasury is selling citi bank stock it got from the bailout . oh wait . hm . I got my -ist wrong . we get to keep private property but the govt ocasionally interferes and favors with big business . what's that an aspect of ? oh yah . Fascism . we're turning fascist . I know , not very happy facebooky of me . I am amused , really . I think I want some stock today . 
happy easter . watch out for the Púca ! 
is sad sakuracon is over :( Next week I have to sign up for night/weekend classes . 
CA AG clears acorn employees ; < PROPFEMALE > maddow played the unedited tapes in context , illustrating how Faux news mislead and manipulated viewers . How anyone could ever believe that \news\ " [ Entertainment ] corporation again is beyond me . " 
was at the old-timer's optometry w/ his aunt . What a grumpy place ! This lil ol lady was so upset with the world she was wishing for the apocalypse ! sheesh . Which makes me wonder though who gets to be a horseman . How do you get the job ? What happens when you're all done ? you know ? Who do they work for , so to speak . 
Nanda has mad skillz . 
is LMAO @ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I agree : Fox , you lupus of news , GFY . 
My cv axle today costs about 1/2 price ! My valve cover job is full price :( I just enrolled in skool ! My scholarships takes care of most of it . I just realized if I do some financial fennagling I can score the upgrade cert next year as well . Nearly free education tastes oh so good . 
Wonders if he should trade his xtra copy of office pro 2007 for an xbox 360 , wii , or $$ . Decisions decisions ... oh maybe I can trade it for a phone !! 
likes dividends . Busy month : < PROPFEMALE > @ Motor , Binary < PROPFEMALE > , BlackOut 8 , Bubble Bobble 5 ( which is a foam partay xander ! ) . Binary < PROPFEMALE > : dj audy has a great < PROPFIRST > darko remix , computerclub is good too ! Blackout 8 has dutch master ( nuff said ) , and bb5 has electrixx and pornscore . 
is currently @ goodwill , sitting on ( probably ) some deceased persons couch as the maternal unit hunts for treasure . 
Likes Dilettante's copenhagen and tiramisu . \Copenhagen\ " is their gourmet coffee with chocolate n spices . Yum ! " 
I can't sleep . Outside hoping < PROPFIRST > is walking home and then I hear about 6-10 coyotes yipping . This is Not helping . 
Is watchin baseball with the aunty . I think there should be sand traps between 2nd and 3rd , and out in the field . Between 3rd and 4th should be at least one hurdle or 3 pairs of tires . Or a water trap with a vine . 
Watched tonari no totoro ( my neighbor totoro ) with aunty < PROPFEMALE > . She likes it of course . Who doesn't ? The nurses got a kick out of it . 
just learned NBC cut heroes . FYI NBC , I'll be reading books instead of watching you . It was actually the only thing on tv I was interested in . 
BlackOut 8 is tonight ! This has been a stressful week . I need a night out . I want to be a dancesafe volunteer but there doesn't seem to be a seattle chapter/haven't heard back from DS . * shrug * 
We left blackout early . Dutch Master was really good . Shuffle circles were almost impossible . It was like a sauna , so crowded . I met a few people . Its so hard to talk in a club , I think I come off as unsociable :( 
Watched the movie Peaceable Kingdom . I think I will stick to seafood . I have been without chicken , beef and pork since maybe Friday . So far I am feeling great . Sql server studying is going well too , but been really busy . 
First SQL server mcts book finished . Scoring about 80% on self tests . Videos are half done ; I'm going to finish those . Then its on to ms press mcts , and I'll move on to business intelligence books . This fall I will take the DBA class training , and possibly a boot camp for BI . I'm feeling a lot more confident . 
please support the < PROPFEMALE > rule . We've all heard most of the < PROPFEMALE > read in cop shows , you should already know what it is . Eroding < PROPFEMALE > for safety leaves us weaker in the long run . When someone confesses after < PROPFEMALE > rights are read the confession holds more credibility . Removing < PROPFEMALE > introduces doubt , giving criminals stronger defenses . Lets use intellect , reason and logic to guide strategy . 
I ran into 2 friends at bubble bobble tonight . Very glad to see them sober as well . A few regular dancers too . The music was incredible and the foam-sticky . Some chic gave me a care package- < PROPFEMALE > , a condom ( woohoo ! PMA , I like it ) , antidrug flyers , and a card to a teen clinic . A Teen clinic lol . 
SMALL\ 
\ 
THINGS\ 
& GREAT by Piet Hine : \He\ 
likes gogol bordello ( gypsy punk ) . 
Great . < PROPMALE > rossi vs < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . JFG . If one wins we will be stuck with stupid gaffes , if the other wins we will get less taxes but crappy/less services . 
Hm . I wonder what it was I wrote or did . I think \disagreement\ " is an opportunity to for people to address the boundaries of their reality and their over-reactions to it . I'm sorry my friend and I couldn't do that . Although now I feel a bit freer to write . " 
Is @ folklife fest . Parking was ez . I've avoided any dum circles . Lots of hippies around , hipsters , street kids , strollers , backpacks , and bags . Its fun even though raging headache . :( must take advil b4 Go Mental . 
< PROPFIRST > Hopper : you will be missed . 
doesn't feel so great . Earlier I felt flushed/hot . Now I feel a lil woozy . Unless < PROPMALE > palett or flogging < PROPFEMALE > is @ folklife- I dont feel any need to go . Although I could do free hypnosis there . I haven't done it on the street though . could be fun . 
sometimes I miss ham , or chicken , very rarely beef . I used to love that stuff . < PROPMALE > simpson donut moment , you know ? 
baseball AND soccer on a friday afternoon ? * shakes fist * They have to be in the worst locations for traffic ! seriously irritating . 
American mexican food used to make me sleepy . The meat made up for any reluctance I had . Salad I could get anywhere . Since I don't eat chicken/beef etc I find nothing palatable in their menus . No I don't want seafood drowning in cream sauce . I guess I am now mexican't . 
Ani-Fail . I'm almost positive I just turned off street fighter . Isn't that from 1999 ? thank god Monster is over . or I hope it is . next is gundam ? blah . syfy needs to imagine greater . 
Is at the filipino community center with aunty . Lots of old folks . They were playing some techno ? Lol . This place is a lot funner than the old folks home she's at . 
Sql Saturday 43 @ MS is interesting . Free food n drink , free classes . Very nice . Oh free raffle tix for stuff . Hoping to win . 
enjoyed < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland Tea Party last night . Remionds me of the old days . I scored 8 boxes of pizza and about 50 muffins . So I handed out about 90 slices of pizza to the kids and 40 muffins . now they want to call me the muffin man . fyi they often go by aliases . I already have 1 and it sure isn't \muffin man\ " . my G1 is buzzing me for a \ " rabies appt . \ " I have to take the aunty cat in for his shot . * sigh * " 
I resign myself to the idea that vegetarian asian food merely means less meat then usual . 
Select posts from feed where date = today and post <> game_update . please ? 
Is @ the showbox waiting for miyavi to play . I love the old chandaliers and lighted flower petal columns . A tourist took a pic of sis in her red n black outfit . Lots of girls seem to like it . 
< PROPMALE > horror picture show on my projector tonight . Kids are having fun . You can hear < PROPMALE > curry outside lol . Wish it were playing in atheater but this is still fun . Kinda wanted to see < PROPFEMALE > solar but I think I better stay home . Mischief deterrent . 
I had a nice time with the famn damily on BFE . I stopped by my aunty's hizouse to check on her . She tried to convince me her < PROPFEMALE > is not demon spawn from hell . Normally I'm great with cats . Owners often get mad ' cause I can get their cat to like me more than them . But this thing ... IDK . It's furry and eats cat food but I'm not convinced yet . 
< PROPFIRST > kurtz , mascot for his previous team with a super losing streak , wrote ' Coonelly extended the contracts of < PROPFIRST > and Huntington through the \ 
2011 season . That means a 19-straight losing streak . Way to go Pirates . ' on his facebook and was promptly fired . I'm not sure $100/month would ever pay for my silence . 
Yay ! Tomorrow I get free software from that big co . in redmond . I have no idea what to get . Maybe I can sell it ! :D 
I've stopped drinking coffee in the morning . I might have 1 cup a day , but not usually . Instead I drink 1 cup hot water with 2 tbsp apple cider vinegar and 1tbsp < PROPFEMALE > . Then I have 1 cup of tea . I feel lighter , have more energy , and my bp seems to be getting a lot better . a lot . 
I'm missing a filling :( grr @ new dental work . me , my son , my daughter . * sigh * 
Why am I sitting here doing this ? I am tired of reading sql server ( 1 chapter left ) . Why ? I need a better job . Why ? I'm on the wrong job path . Why ? I thought it was the right one . Why ? My bro chose it , so I did . Why ? I thought it would be easier than computer science . Funny how the Why exercise sometimes goes around in a big circle . 
saw twilight ... The Eclipse . I didn't recognize < PROPFEMALE > Fanning ! Though I haven't actually seen her in anything ( lucky me ? IDK , haven't watched any of her ) . I think when the cullens were gathered around the campfire , they should have roasted marshmallows . Or smores . < PROPMALE > should have marked < PROPFEMALE > as his property . And I'm glad the brokeback mtn scene ended before things got weird . all in all I liked it . 
Ready for Otter Pops ? I am !! 
Otter pops is starting out really small and hip hoppy . Wheelz will be spinning though . Amazon found me 2 batteries for my phone for about $7 ! And an adapter so I can play my interweb music through the car whilst it charges . 
another 900 pages done . 2 more books ; next book is 600 pages . I can't afford a class for these so I have to do every[tedious]thing very thoroughly . It would be helpful if they answered these questions in order : why , what , how , and what if . They generally answer ' what ' and ' how ' , but not necessarily in that order . yay for appdev and their wonderful videos , they help tremendously . 
Is liking greenlake- blue sky , warm sun , gentle breeze . I got my sql book , flogging < PROPFEMALE > , all that's missing is ipa . 
Tacoma bon odori was nice . We didn't have much time there . Some1 was bored . I consider the bon odori a time to celebrate my bros life . I would like to light a lantern this year if they do it at the seattle bon odori . 
yet another day of hacking up a lung . It doesn't feel like a cold but if it is , there'll be an end to it . If it's allergies , who knows when it will stop :( 
* looks outside * oh hey , I almost forgot I was in washington . almost . 
Apparently raw kombucha drinks , if left to continue to ferment , gains alcohol content . Will they plz do some math , stick pull dates on them , and restock . Thanks . 
Conspiracies make sense out of a senseless world . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . On the other hand he also said history is a string of conspiracies . 
Minor note : the 405N/I-90E interchange let's cars merge for a whole mile . seriously . 1 Mile . There's no reason to panic and get over when they both meet . at 50 mph . on a steep incline . At the bottom ofthe hill . Even if you miss your < PROPMALE > in ONE MILE , the offramp turns into an on ramp . and you get another half a mile to merge . plz tell every1 . 
Aunty got her cat in the travel carrier . we didn't even need ruffies . I told the vet assistant they may need medicinal marijuana cat food to mellow him out ... ( they're going to wash him ) 
< PROPFIRST > Schorr , the news will not be the same . You will be missed . 
\Addicted\ " at the old seattle brewery- a bit like NAF but with better graffiti and less pandemonium . Some of the graffiti is really awesome . " 
OMG ! there's a hide button for game updates ?? 
good for you Dez < PROPMALE > , you show em ! I still hate football though . 
My fav lil deli keeps sneaking in pickled stuff that's really bitter . I just want some normal stirfry , not pickled veggie aged in horse colon . X_X 
' I came out here to iraq ... I was supposed to see combat . I'm here guarding a checkpoint ' . Ok , when things are getting more peaceful , I'm pretty sure the correct civilized response is \happiness\ " or \ " relief\ " . Whose parents raised this guy to be disappointed he's not killing people ? " 
<-- is bored . wants to do something interesting . 
When making blue cheese n bacon ice cream , be sure to add the blue cheese to taste . What the recipe calls for may be tooooo potent . Not sure if I can eat a whole scoop . 
do people who reenact civil war battles also reenact sports games they lost ? Or jobs they got fired from ? I know my family doesn't put on blankets and pretend to die . Just kind of wondering . or confused . WHY ? help me understand . 
I get in free to my fav club if I bring my kid . Nice ! And I've been paying all this time ... 
\poll :\ 
yay for new fillings . oh boy . 
What happens when you forget your oil cap ? The oil u put in comes out . What happens when you don't degrease and rinse carefully ? Your car hates u . I won't do that again ! I consider this an inexpensive lesson ( nothing terrible happened ) . I think I fulfilled my quota of dumb stuff this year . 
Oh boy ! I get to install sql2008 dev on my ' puter . My dba course dropped the sql 2005 curriculum and replaced it with 2008 , right before I started skool . I was worried about being behind a version but they solved that for me :) and all that reading I did- still applies but I need to bridge the gap in 2 weeks . 
I picked up 2copies of Frogs into Princes for $6 . Amazon sells em for $40+ . I wonder if they're eally selling for that much ... 
I haven't had any premonitions lately . But I have had an unsettled feeling all night . 
Ugh . Medical days w/ aunty . I don't < PROPFEMALE > d but they take so loooong . 10 < PROPFEMALE > for parking . 10 < PROPFEMALE > to wait . 30 < PROPFEMALE > . For the dr. to get to the exam room . 20-25 < PROPFEMALE > utes for the lab . 5 < PROPFEMALE > for another appt . Another 5 at a different office for a different appt . A trip to the pharmacy for a new prescription ... * sigh * and I can't plug my laptop in to study . 
I saw the cutest tiniest itty bitty lil baby roach @ starbucks . Bugs don't bother me but I won't ever eat there again . 
Lol @ npr caller . Guy w/ < PROPFEMALE > accent says mcveigh was a devote catholic . After OK bombing a catholic church went up and no one complained . I think when it comes to \sensitivity\ " it only applies to the dominant culture . If they were truly sensitive perhaps they would make a concession or gesture of sensitivity to kill the mosque/cultural center by ground zero . Such as remove the faces of the presidents from ... " 
Yay ! DJ Wheelz on a Wednesday night ! 
Hempfest . Dancesafe booth makes things better . Skipping next year unless its at marymoore or some place smart . 
Frickin bongo drums are really irritating . 
Gogol Bordello and Dir en Grey ( seperately ) are coming to town ! I really want to see GB- tis on my bday ! 
Woke up late . I will probably finish 70-431 class early anyway . Why do people who are doubtful ask the other person if they're sure ? Like , doubter : hey how do you blabla ? ResourcefulPerson : Oh you blabla like this ... Doubter : are you sure ? ( You know what , no its all a trick . You got us . Hahaha * sigh *) 
You pay peanuts you get monkeys . 
Another ridiculous job . Requires 100-400 free hr . s annually . No Dec . vacations-ever . Must also be willing to ignore labor law . You're guaranteed respect though . OTG ! Its been so hard trying to pay for groceries with respect when I'm all tapped out of it . I wonder if instead of actually doing work I could just give him respect . 
Wha ? Where'd my sunshine go ?? What's this wet drippy stuff ?! This isn't funny . 4.5 weeks of sunshine isn't a summer . This is BS . Robbed . Every year . * sigh * 
my web/video teachers must have been told to be expressive . one of em doesn't know what to do with his facial expressions or hands . So he looks funny . The other guy must have been told to smile . Remember when hannibal talks to < PROPFEMALE > like she's a tasty treat ? that's the feeling I get when dude smiles . and he always smiles . 
:( Yesterday I thought it was Tuesday . * sigh * Tomorrow I will be done with active directory directory/domain services ( yah it's kind of like ATM machine or NASCAR ) and dns/domain name system . I think my brain is full . 
Another crazy employer . Business Data Analyst @ $22k/yr . uh no . Unless it comes with a corner window office , artist studio/apt . in pioneer square , cable , utilities , and cell phone . BTW \Sno-Cone\ " vendor pays $21k/yr . There just isn't a yearly need for sno-cones . " 
I took my aunt grocery shopping , to the bank , and got Rx filled . We talked a bit about her Will etc . I have to fill up her med box on monday . 
argh ! I missed the first stage of sakuracon pre-reg ! who's going in 2011 ? I'm buyin tix @ aki matsuri next weekend . 
\after company scientists conducted safety studies on bovine growth \ 
oh screw you facebook . are you saying i'm verbose ? I have to use less than 400 something words ? pfft . no wonder i hardly post here . 
' s brain is mush after 2 episodes of the jersey shore . 
found archived japanese tv shows on teh interwebs . \Neverland\ " is a pretty good cheesy japanese tv drama . The subtitles are a bit off but I get what they're saying . " 
can't . wake . up . need coffee . I dreamed about nazi zombies . can zombies really be nazi's ? I don't think so . 
The student next to me needs a binky . She keeps chewing on something . I don't mean this in a mean way , and she sounds like a horse cribbing . Or she's gnawing off fingernails . And I have headphones on . I . Can't . Look . x_x 
Yay ! 2 chapters left . Then it's time to find out the holes in my knowledge , fill them , test and get certified . I'm discovering some of the homegrown/DIY solutions I used at work a few years ago are legitimate programming approaches . Only with better tools and formal structure . 
Your company is only as poised or agile at the rate of speed its entirety can efficiently react . I would very much like to no longer see those words used . They're most often feel good fluff . Fluffery is say ! 
I feel peace is the answer . I'm not particularly religious but I do like some of the reframing in prayer . Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive our trespassers , and let us not fall into temptation but deliver us from evil . 
New Lake Hills Libary : cold , cave like , amazing acoustics , constant sound of construction work ( dull drone ) , very bright lights . If you need to study , there's about 3 rooms . Frankly I don't see any point in tyring to study here . Otherwise it's a very nice libary . 
jimni cricket just went by and I didn't have time to say hi :( 
Candidate runs for office on campaign of \not a politician/politicians are the problem\ " . Candidate wins . The noob tries to not compromise ; noob accomplishes ... nothing ! Noob tries again by forming relationships and compromising ; now they're a politician . I can't wait until the tea \ " party\ " goes through this process . " 
I like how Rossi visited a shipyard that received part of the stimulus package . They're not only staying afloat but growing . 
Hm . My MS Windows Server 2003 class book comes with an evaluation copy- with a Key . Do they usually come with keys ? Its an eval . 
Concentration overcomes Procrastination ; concentration is the foundation of self-confidence and self-esteem . Or something to that affect , is what < PROPMALE > hill asserts . Yah I don't think so . There are tons of procrastinators that can concentrate . Just not on what they want . 
last night's dream cast : < PROPFEMALE > , Giles , aliens , alien possession , a shikigami thing , a harpy ... 
did some studying , off to study some more and wait for my contracting interview . I'm hoping this won't get in the way of my certs , but be enough work for some good $$ . 
Interview for contract position went well . The hardest part may be getting different versions working together , minimizing user efforts and errors , and installing owner confidence . I forget users with less technical knowledge may feel more doubt . 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > . I actually don't like most commercialized sports b/c I think it's bad affects outweigh any good . I even throw the sports < PROPFEMALE > away . at restaurants . yup . < PROPMALE > move I know . I think it's ironic the NFL offers help for players/family . The industry wraps their identity into the job and perpetuates male macho ego crap . If I had a problem with drinking I wouldn't go to a bar for help . 
going over course material for the cert . Boring . so , do I want to see gogol bordello @ the showbox ? or red contact lenses . Gogol bordello is one night . freaking people out is all year >:) 
Goldilocks Planet News : scientists found a planet 20 light yrs away . It's solar system is HUGE . < PROPFEMALE > and giant asteroids orbit their humongous sun , which btw is 100x hotter than ours ! It's also very bright , of course , and an annoying yellowish color . One planet is about 2/3 water ! Scientists estimate the planet generates a lot of rain , which may make some residents mildly annoyed or even exasperated . 
Loves popcorn and chopsticks . 
Hakuna Matata ! What a wonderful phrase Hakuna Matata ! Ain't no passing craze It means no worries for the rest of your days It's our problem-free philosophy Hakuna Matata ! ( With a diet of bugs n worms ) 
loves winning money :) Yay for door prizes . 
is glued to the set watching Hoarders . The hoarders comments are awesome . Can't they like win a vacation or something and the come home to an empty house ? Could you imagine the police report ? Officer , they took everything ! can you list your possessions and their value ma'm ? uhhhh . 
Bah ! nbc drops heroes . abc picks up \no ordinary family\ " . I get it . " 
ack ! I'm behind on studying . I absolutely have to take my test on Tuesday at the latest . today-friday I have reporting services to learn . shouldn't be too hard , I've already done a lof this stuff @ werk . So I should be able to study for both . but I'm going to focus on dba junk after Friday . argh . 
Last day of SSRS . Its easy . If I knew it was this easy I would have read up on it beforehand and barraged the instructor with questions . Oh last night I tuned the car in like 40 < PROPFEMALE > . Runs great now . Driving sucks when it runs pathetic . 
Lady awaiting flight in heathrow airport buys her fav packet of biscuits & sits down , man sits beside her reading newspaper . Then he takes a biscuit . wtf ? she takes a biscuit . he gets a funny look then takes Another biscuit . Eventually they get to the last one , he grabs it , breaks it in half , gives it to her . what nerve . And its time for her flight . On the plane she's shocked to find her packet of biscuits , unopened . 
and after I spent $$ to tune the car , plus put in the work , it dies . Prolly a timing belt or fuel pump . everything else is spot on . what an irritating little car . still , better than horses . 
oh what , today's just a normal day ? we run out of people to celebrate for crimes against humanity ? 
/hermit mode off . Tomorrow I start skool again . yay . more info to cram into my brain . I think I will either schedule my certification for friday or monday . If I do it monday I have all weekend to study again . If I fail I have a month to narrow where I flubbed up and fix it . I would prefer to use that time for my other certification for december though . /hermit mode on :( 
SSIS is over . So , I did a DBA course , SSRS , and SSIS . Next is SQL Server Analysis Services in December . Before then I have to take that exam which I've been putting off . Haven had a test in a dozen years , I need to get over it . 
completed MS survey ( resistance is futile ) and got my gratuity . Expression Studio I choose you ! I was hoping for something cooler to Use ( not sell ) . yah I have no idea what I will do with it so until then it stays in the box . 
why do people attribute a < PROPMALE > of luck to a miracle of God ? One day , at the dmv , I had this ticket with a number on it , and I was about 50 < PROPFIRST > away from my turn . But then , an hour and a half later , < PROPFIRST > 40-49 were called but they must have left ! It was a miracle ! 
I'm not really sure I want to click the Official XBox 360 giveaway . I'm afraid it's going to sign me up to something(s ) I don't want . 
Spooky Gossip is spo00okyyyy ! 
Happy Halloween ! I hope yours is Spoooktacular ! 
Broadway is full of spookies ! And a few drunks . 
Pharmacy called so I dropped off new meds to aunty . Her friends were having a halloween partay . It was a hoot ! 
Liberals , if you're in KY- don't fall down ! You might get stomped ! Yup , KY ( famous for their gel *[ whisper ] i think they're gonna need it *) elected Rand < PROPFIRST > . why do I get a bad feeling about today ... I just have to remember what the dalai lama says ( we elect the leaders we deserve ) . 
so much for studying at home . Not sure why they have to work on the yard but it's damn noisy . hm . If I got a ridiculously large tax break and had to put my bet somewhere , where would it be ? probably not here . But I'm pretty sure no one's gettin anything for a few xmas's . 
congrats < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . please don't ban water , glowsticks and white gloves . seriously though , I am very glad rossi did not win . 
hm . wow . surprise . I might actually watch a football game . LFL Miami @ < PROPMALE > . 
' s review of the 2010 movie \Monster\ " . Its got the wrong name . It should be \ " Mildly interesting giant land alien octopi\ " . Or octopii . * shrug * frankly my free parking spot was more exciting . " 
club motor this wedn . : DJ Wheelz , Nympho , Flave , MYK , and Check 6 . 
Thank you Veterans ! Your lives are precious . I support you by backing those that won't put you in harms way needlessly . I also support you by voting for representatives that will ensure you have the proper equipment , benefits , and medical care . 
books found : Reframing & Frogs Into Princes @ goodwill for $1.73 . Ebay & Amazon are selling them for a decent price . I'm hoping one of these days I run across a Signed or new copy . I love it when my intuition says \stop here\ " and I find stuff I have been lookin for . " 
A pescatarian killer of sacred cows ? A nice chatty lady was whining about how farners took arr jobz . They took ar jobs ! I had to explain to her how they actually make us jobs . Seriously . Know of any border hoppers making cell phones and erecting towers nationwide ? Or making their own tvs ? Cars ? Gas ? Or do they bring all that with them . They don't steal a rung on the ladder , they add to its height . 
thanks Mattha for this . NEW\ 
PRIVACY setting called \Instant Personalization\ " shares YOUR data with \ 
good grief . feels like someone left all the doors and windows open . 
Next time there's a come to jesus or review meeting at your POE , just try a post-game football player interview nugget of wisdom . I'd love to know if that kind of sports-babble actually works anywhere else . 
Yay for snow ! I love the snow . 
hap e tanksgiffing . i hab a code :( I was going to see my family but the roads allllll the way over there seem like a big < PROPMALE > to take . 
I was fairly resolute to not buy anything today . I just don't think holidays should be about buying crap . Unless it's everyday practical things . Like warm socks . who doesn't want warm/comfortable socks ?? yes I bah-humbug . anyhow , a power supply in my kids pc fried last night . 
Kabuki @ seattle center world winterfest was amazing ! And they had origami/candy ! 
OMG ! Space Battleship Yamato is released in December ! That's only days away !! what's the easiest way to get to japan without any significant $$ ? What is this movie you might wonder . Well , it's only from the greatest 70's manga/anime ever to grace < PROPFEMALE > ( Starblazers ) . by greatest I mean really great and somewhat cheesey . But that's good . Any remake of something from the 70's is bound to drop all the cheesy hippy cra 
Thanks for all the laughs Mr. Nielsen , you will be missed . 
TV : \you know what makes chicken mcnuggets even better ? \ " ME : \ " another restaurant entirely ? \"" 
Playing video archives of previous interactions with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > illustrates the SPD's familiarity with him And their ability to handle him . I wonder what other people will conclude from the videos . 
Angry little man + beer + game + argumentative friends = fail . I never seen someone throw so many things in such a short amount of time . I smell like vietnamese food and heineken . This does not help me like football . 
I thought SSIS was a little tedious . making cubes in SSAS can be a pain . I need to turn my brain off for a little while . 
UI may get extended . this political hostage stuff is BS . Out of $1 of net wealth , 84 cents go to the super < PROPMALE > ( they have about 40 trillion btw ) . The next level ( quintile ) gets 11 cents . The last 3 levels , probably you and me , split a nickel . what are the super < PROPMALE > going to do with all that money ? buy a new Earth ?? 
it's non-serious post day . So , what happens if your mom leaves a banana in your car for ~ 10 days ? Apparently it's resting place is dutifully respected by all until it's banana soup . thank god it was in a plastic bag , it could've grown furry . 
I had a nice phone screening/preinterview- no advancement from last position though . At this point I probably shouldn't be choosey . 
Jingle Bomb was meh . Massive headache . Wheelz was great though . 
weird dreams . One about my Uncle < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . We were chillin in an inventor workshop ( of course ) . I was telling him something about playing chess with Oppenheimer and Einstein . Which would make a great tea party i think : my uncle , oppenheimer and einstein . playing chess . 
weird dream #2 . I call my son , I get a wrong number or someone else has his phone , they decide to prank-answer the call . Ever do that ? someone calls you by mistake so you pretend to be that person or know the person . Anyhow , I tell em I Lost The Game . 
I have an interview for a decent job on Friday . There may be room for growth into the position I want . I also scored sufficiently on my pre-test to schedule my cert exam . It's suggested I score again , presumably higher , to make sure . Then it's testing , and on to studying for the next cert . Thankfully it's much more interesting then database administration . 
see Rare Exports - its ho-ho-larious . seriously . a demonic < PROPFEMALE > , dead reindeer , evil elves ... whats not to love ? 
< PROPMALE > Landesberg ( Deitrich from tv show < PROPMALE > Miller ) , you'll be missed . Maybe you're just going home , in a galaxy far far away . 
I did not get the job . Their reasoning was sound , I'm not disappointed . I did get a flash of precognition a moment ago , so I think something's coming around the corner , so to speak . 
what spews forth approx 1000 gallons of water a day ? Hint : it has 4 walls and a roof , and I get mail there daily . btw , can I unlike my own post ? :( 
Happy Boxing Day !! 
Employed , provided I meet a couple minor contingencies . 
ok . today's the day . I need my future employer to send me a link for testing . Piece of cake . I've already taken these kinds of tests , hopefully they'll just show my last score and I can skip it . And I need for my references to answer their phones . 
I like watching stuff like < PROPFEMALE > goodall research . more monkey thinking insight : The loudest ( most assertive ) monkey dictates reality . 
Work was easy . Its challenging learning a new routine . Coworkers are cool . I don't have to wear a suit n tie . The desk is large and I have it all to myself ! 
Oh yay . Its raining . 
there's a gym about 3 < PROPFEMALE > from work . no membership fee . right next to my chiro . I think it'd be good to have guided workouts at the beginning of getting into shape . $60 for family of 5 . I have enough time to work out and go to work . pretty sure my daughter would have fun on a treadmill in the evenings . 
Confused about paycheck . The first one , for me anyway , never seems to be right . 
So the MC makes a big to do about the next dj from sfo . He plays dumb step . Dancing reduces by 60% . 
I think my phone is dying . Touch screen is wonky . :( 
My state of the union : suck it up ! This was a market adjustment . Growth based on unfounded credit = crisis . So there is no return to business as usual . We've readjusted , now we have to grow- normally , at a reasonable pace . Enjoy your citizen funded bailout . Don't do it again . 
Newt wants a new business friendly EPA . great . Like an alcoholic in charge of a bar . 
seattle has almost 9000 homeless people . 
Aunty is 85 soon , today is the celebration . Woot ! Fun times to be had by all . 
I knew I should have rolled over and let VM get the call . It's a bad sign when you get a call on a sunday early in the morning . But I shrugged it off , hacked up whatever was clogging my lungs , shuffled to the bathroom and got my @ss up . Then my mom called . How do you get < PROPMALE > to help you move to new digs after not enough sleep from a rave , and trying to hack up the plague ? have his mom call him . 
Oh I forgot . Met a 20 yr old HS dropout ( family problems ) . Any way he can qualify for ged or college help ? Any one ? He has MD too , so should get an education before using his body for < PROPMALE > labor is no longer an option . 
woohoo ! can't wait until NEXT sunday . 
\Summer Wars\ " was great . Even in English . It helped that disney had nothing to do with it . " 
An Idiot Abroad touring Petras : ' you're living in a cave in the desert and you get post ? I live in the city with a code and don't always get my post and here you are in the desert in a cave . I think that's more amazing than Petras . ' 
My touch screen ... :( well I try not to use it . I use the scroll ball instead . I could replace the screen myself , or get a new phone . But I don't want to make the investment when 3g has been so sucky lately . Will it ever get consistent ? Is it like this for everyone ? Are you unhappy or happy with your wireless service in seattle ? ( Seattle area . Ima homebody ) 
Superbowl dude spent $9k for the game . His seats weren't available . What would u do with $9k IF you had to blow it ? $1 for every homeless person in seattle ? Adopt 30 xmas families ? Send 90 boquets over the year to funeral homes ? Pay for someones braces ? Go to a game ? 
