Just hiked 1 mile into the air at the Colorado Springs Incline ! Man was that tough ! After that , I didn't cheat like some of them others , I hiked down the backside 3 < PROPMALE > . It hurts now . 

Well , picked up a majority of my deployment gear today , man there was a lot of stuff ! It cost about $1500 and the lady said she thinks I didn't get everything because for my location , it is around $2500 ! WOW ! I'll take pictures and maybe post them later ! We'll see ! 
Sweet ! This week the **** said we are going to work on Safety so there is no work for me to do other than Safety stuff ! Yeah ... oh wait ... I'm the accident prone guy ... man I'm screwed ! 
Finally posted some photos ! So no more complaining you peoples ! Also , Manami broke her arm and has to wear a cast for 10 days . That is the big pink think in a few of the photos . 
I love it how people think that just because the roads are icy that they don't have to stop at red lights ! brilliant people , really ! 
Updated my photos with some recent pictures . They aren't within the last few months but at least not a year old ( some of them are though ) . 
So bored here in Afghanistan . My job is just to sit infront of a computer and do nothing ! We have to wait for other people to show up to do our job but waiting sucks ! 
On a type of vacation trip around the Afghanistan bases getting some learning stuff done , not bad considering I get to fly in helicopters and stuff a lot to get around . :D \ 
\ 
Also , just recently hit the double-digits on my time left , now I have less that 99 days till I should be heading home ! 
In Bagram now , getting some training so I don't have a constant internet connection . Kind of an interesting trip so far , saw some interesting things and enjoyed the chopper rides . Finally rode on a shinuck ( can't spell ! ) . Man was it loud ! 
Access to Facebook from my work area is not working thanks to the Pakistan government blocking it for the entire country of Pakistan . I found a ( non-relyable ) work around but I'm not going to rely on it . I'll try and accept friend requests when I can but no games and such . With that being said , if you post a message to me on my wall , I can reply to it via email so please post comments all you want . 
Huh , strange but Facebook is working again , for now ! Lets see if that works out more in the long run . 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to \ 
the republic for which it stands ; one Nation under God indivisble , with \ 
< PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . \ REPOST IF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY &\ 
Kind of bored of games that require you to have friends to play ! Done with FV , CW , and any other one I am dependant upon my friends to help with ! Nothing against friends helping , just hate to be dependant upon others ! 
The building I live in is getting worked on . Isn't so bad except when they are working directly above where you sleep ! Even ear plugs don't help ! Might have to change my sleeping habits a bit till the roof is finished ! 
Counting down the days , less than 80 days left till I can hold my wife and daughter in my arms ! 
Yeah , nothing to do today but clean up ! So excited ! :D 
Building is almost completed ! No more running 100 yards to the restroom ! So happy ! 
Just around 60 days left here in this fun place ! Can't wait to get back home ! ;p 
Internet here sucks ! Can't wait to get back to civilization once again ! 
Happy 4th of July , hope everyone is having a wonderful time ! If you get pictures of the fireworks , post them so I can see them as well . ;p 
stupid internet is slow here now , can't really do any of the games here . Sudoku , a wonderful time filler , alas it is no more for me ! 
Kind of cranky this morning , got about 3 1/2 hours sleep . My own fault for staying up so late but was hoping to sleep another hour at least ! Stupid fires guys doing a practice mission ! 
In a great mood ! A long time exchange student friend just sent me a friend invite , < PROPMALE > Seydel ! Haven't heard from him in a long time ! 
Sweet ! Now I don't have to worry about who's friends with < PROPFIRST > , well unless you let her use your FB account then you're just stupid . :D Love the BLOCK THIS PERSON feature ! :D 
Man , this running all the time stuff starts to wear on you . :( Hip is hurting now , is that a sign of old age ? :D 
for when i get back to civilization that isn't in the dark ages , what movies am i going to need to watch ? I've heard a lot of people talk about different movies so if you could help out by listing a few to see that would be great ! 
Around 45 days left and starting to go crazy missing my wonderful wife and daughter ! Can't wait to see them and hold them once again . Feel bad for the Army guys who will be here 6 months longer than me , 1 more perk for being AF ! 
Pregnant women are funny to me , you make any comment about weight and they blow up . Doesn't matter if you don't know they are pregnant and have never met or seen them , they still blow up for the comment . 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's \ 
not contagious . They want what we all want- to be accepted . Most of you \ 
won't copy and paste this , but will you do it and leave it on your \ 
status for at least an hour ? It's special education week and this is in \ 
... honor of all the kids who need a little ex ...... tra help and understanding . \ 
Please post 
YES ! I get to ride in a Black Hawk ! Hopefully have some pics to post later ! 
Loves sitting around doing nothing for about 3 hours to learn there are no flights for you the next day and you could have been sleeping that whole time ! This was from 2000 hrs till 0030 hrs ! I got stuck watching Oprah and Dr. < PROPMALE > because the Pax term guys wouldn't change the channel ! Isn't that cruel and inhumane treatment ? 
The good part about not having a flight today , I get to visit the bazaar and pick up a few movies ! Last Airbender , The Unthinkable , Dispicable Me , and a few others . :D 
Back at FOB Tillman , kind of glad to be home again . The food sucks but this place is the best around here in Afghanistan . 
Watched the Twilight : Eclipse , not a bad movie though some parts were corny . 
:( Treadmill at my current base is broken , now I have to find another way to get some good cardio in . Stairmaster or Eliptical , hate them both . :( 
More internet issues now , not sure how often I can get online and chat . :( 
Treadmill still broke but the eliptical works just fine ! Kicked my but and did 3.1 < PROPMALE > in 29:44 and climbed 3963 feet ! 
Time for my run and then bed ! Under 30 days out now ( give or take 5 ) and loving it ! 
Just around 20 to 25 days left here then I'll be home ! The first 7 months went by fast , why is this last month going so slowly ! :( 
Amarillo get together ! Around the beginning of September , I plan on taking a trip to Amarillo to visit friends and family , I'll post a date for a get together ( for those wishing ) to meet up at < PROPFIRST>'s Taco ( is that the right name ? ) . Just a friendly FYI . 
Well , I'm finally home ! Now to get the silly things done with work so I can start my R&R and see when I can take my leave to head to Illinois ! 
Trip around Texas and other states to visit friends has to be put off for a long time now , have to fix the house up after a flood from roots getting into the sewer lines . :( Still going to Illinois though . \ 
Pictures of the ' clean up ' will be posted tomorrow . 
I saw the funniest bumper ever today , and when I say bumper , I mean it ! It wasn't a large bumper sticker , it was the entire bumper ! This 70 year old man was driving a Prius with his bumper saying OBAMA but spelled out like this , \One Big Ass Mistake America . \ " I'm going out on a limb and say he didn't like Obama's decisions ! :D " 
Home now and planning a trip to Amarillo either starting tomorrow or sometime next week but need help . What days work for everyone to meet up for a night of fun ? Let me know ! 
Well , planning to visit Amarillo from Wednesday through Saturday . I figured a night at < PROPFIRST>'s Tacos on Friday should be nice . 
Alright , in Amarillo now and wondering what to do first . I do know that Friday is going to be a < PROPFIRST > Taco day but what is the best time to show up ? Neill , you got that answer ? :D \ 
Also , what is everyone up to the next couple of days ? Anyone up for meeting up ? 
Sweet ! I have to miss my niece's volleyball game because < PROPFIRST > is going to be there , nothing is worse than having to change your plans to visit family because of her . Now nothing to do for 1 1/2 hours , about . 
Friday , September 9 , 2010 , at < PROPFIRST > Tacos . My wife and I will be there from around 6 PM till when ever so hope to see a bunch of people ! 
Had a great night last night ! < PROPFIRST > Tacos is awesome ! Thank you < PROPMALE > for the wonderful < PROPFIRST > Taco experience . Thank you < PROPMALE > for the wonderful night afterwards , he helped me enjoy my night of freedom and I met a strangely familiar biker by the name of < PROPFIRST > , which ended the night wonderfully ! The middle details are a bit muddled though I remember drinking a few drinks I never drank before . :) 
Home sweet home . No more long driving for a few months ! 
When it floods , it floods ! Yesterday it flooded again and we had to have the company come out and fix it once again ! This time , we found the problem ( hopefully for good ) and should have it fixed , we just have to work with the insurance to get it fixed . Here's to failed plans due to unexpected expenses ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is back from Japan now so we are all at least a complete family , even with the problems of our house we are all happy being together . 
February 21 , 2011 
Yeah , about $4500 to fix the pipes inside the house , now to figure out how to fix the pipes outside the house without going completely poor ! :D 
Passed my PT Test with 89.2 . . 8 more points and I would be in the excellent category with a day off work but damn that 7 seconds extra on my run ! 12:03 isn't too bad but not my best ! :( 
Yeah , SNOW ! Now it feels like it is getting closer to December ! :D 
< PROPMALE > Potter was awesome ! 
I hate military tests ! I actually study some this year , take the stupid test , feel like I destroyed it , and find out I bombed it ! WTF ! I give up on military style tests ! 
Beware ! Tons of snow coming to the Colorado Springs area ! Beware ! \ 
That was yesterday's warning . And today ... \ 
NO SNOW ! None ! What a let down ! I was hoping to at least sleep in a little bit more this morning . :( 
Now state and federal agencies should be ok with my name ! Judge thought it was rediculous that I had to show up to get it done through the court system when I already did it when I joined the military ! At least 1 person thinks like me on this ! 
Yea ! Got my Colorado State License ! Now I can get Colorado Residence and take classes for $400 less a credit ! Sweet ! 
Just got done helping track < PROPFEMALE > on his route through Russia and Australia area . If you or your kids want to get updates on < PROPFEMALE > , go to http://www.noradsanta.org/ or call 877-Hi NORAD ( 446-6723 ) , 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
There is snow in Colorado Springs ! YEAH ! Pictures and video to come later ! 
Don't drink & drive & don't ride with anybody who does . Tipsy Tow offered by AAA : You don't have to be a AAA member , from 6pm-6am on new years eve/day they will take your drunk self and your car home for FREE . Save this No . 1-800-222-4357 . Repost Please 
Strong Fathers , Strong Daughters by < PROPFEMALE > Meeker is freakin ' awesome ! I think all fathers should be required to read it once they have a daughter ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > Martinez for recommending it to me to read , well worth it ! 
The Bears whooping the Seahawks butts ! Woohoo !!! 
I just signed into Gameloft LIVE ! : http://www.gameloftlive.com ! Add me as your friend to play with me and win trophies : my username is jwpgentry . And check out Gameloft on Facebook : http://www.facebook.com/gameloft ! 
Yeah ! Punt that ball GP ! 
Sack baby ! 
Forte is literally carrying the Bears ! Can't anyone else help out ? 
Touchdown ! 
Stupid move 26 ! 
Damn , I hate GREENBAY ! 
Sick from something , worse I have ever been ! Hope its only 24 hois ! 
So , little freaked put right now . My daughter , who loves bath time and loves bubble bath time even more got totally freaked out in the middle of her bubble bath saying she was scared . 
Up all night with a sick kid , not fun ! Good thing I'm off work today . 
Just made a Portuguese soup and a Tortilla soup to walk out the door for class and not get a bite if either one ! Smelled so good too ! 
Got a new car the other day , traded in the truck . Went from 14 mpg to a wonderful 33 mpg , and that is in town ! 
Ever need to send a fax but don't have a fax machine ? PamFax is freaking awesome and does just that for you , through Skype . Only problem is that you would need a scanner or a soft copy of the file you wish to fax . If you have a scanner , then this isn't a bad thing to have in case the stupid company needs paperwork faxed and not scanned . 
I hate my fireplace ! I think it needs cleaning . Every time I use it , the smile comes into the house instead of out ! Sets off the alarm and I have to air out my house . Ironically , I light a fire to heat up the house and airing it out makes it cold . 
Nap time ! Having kids ruins the idea of no naps through the day , now they are just wonderful little breaks ! 
Need to visit Amarillo more often , feel like I am missing so much there . Is this the start of a midlife crisis ? Haha ... 
Well , what a great day ! I either broke my toe or just dislocated it ! Either way I set it back and it's starting to swell ! The funny thing is that it didn't really hurt until 5 minutes later , now it really hurts ! 
Foot definitely looks broken ! Tried taking pictures but they were blurry , going to try again later . 
Well , x-ray proved it , the toe is broken ! 
Shit , why am I going through school to be a nurse when I'm already a doctor ? http://www.gentrypbs.com 
Donated to help Japan , used the Groupon.com donation site . If you can afford to help , please do ! They sure could use our help ! 
It's Daughters Week ! If you have a beautiful Daughter that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! 
Yeah ! < PROPFEMALE > is pregnant ! Only a couple of weeks along so no idea what the gender is , can't wait ! Estimated due date is around December 21 , 2011 ! 
In Amarillo visiting sick grandmother , leaving either Sunday afternoon or Monday morning . Just an FYI to all . 
At < PROPFIRST > Taco , come down if you can . Leaving today , very short visit . Grandma in hospital but she is doing ok . 
Parted my hair on the side like I did in HS because the wife ' liked ' it that way . Now she tells me the it makes me look much older now . Isn't that a bad thing ? 
Heading home now . 
