Happy New Years my friends old and new ! May you have a happy , healthy , and great 2010 !!!! 

I am blessed that God continues to look over me and my family . I am heartbroken that children's lives were so tragically taken here in Heathrow and that I had to explain it to my 10 yr old daughter who was in the same grade at school as the boy who lost 
We are excited that we get to see some friends from NC today at Downtown Disney !!!! Anyone else coming down ???? 
is tired from staying out late last night with friends , but it was worth it ! The kids had a blast at Downtown Disney . They had a lego contest and a hula hoop contest that they participated in ... What fun ! 
I'm tired from hubby's fathers day wish for me to go to the gym with him ! Who knew someone's heart rate could go so high ???? 
is having a great day after a fun-filled morning of VBS ! Great kids , great day ! 
is thinking the circle of friendship keeps getting bigger and bigger ! She doesn't really mind ! It ' amazing being able to keep up with everyone ... ;) 
Day 5 of working at the gym and my calves , thighs , derriere and everything else are KILLIN ' me !!! Step class , yoga class , elyptical , treadmill , bicycle ... when does it ever END ??? LOL 
I actually joined the gym yesterday ! What was I thinking ? < PROPFIRST > is giving me a total body workout and I can say I am feelin ' it .... LOL 
is totally hating the fact that she broke her glasses last night . The 1 year warranty was up May 2nd ... go figure ! Oh well , Ash says she likes the new pair better .... she says , \ You'll be stylin ' now ....! \"" 
Hope everyone has a wonderful Fourth of July ! Stay safe and have a great day ! 
North < PROPFEMALE > here we come ! 2 kids and our dog , < PROPFEMALE > ! Should be interesting ! 
Here at Memaw and Geedaddy's . We brought the rain with us ! Yeah .... Enjoying being spoiled ... 
We've been fishing and caught 19 fish all together ! Little Man and Ash had a blast ! They actually TOUCHED worms and crickets and the FISH !!! EWWWWW .... 
Enjoyed a great first day at Summer Day Camp at Markham Woods Presbyterian ! The kids were great and all had a wonderful time making neat < PROPMALE > projects ! 
The older kids made plaster of < PROPFIRST > masks at summer day camp at MWPC . I didn't know if my kids would let them put it on their face or not ... but they did , and they had a blast . They will get to paint their masks on Thursday ! How Exciting and FUN !!!! 
Spent a great day at day camp at MWPC admiring all of the cool projects everyone made and having a long overdue playdate with a friend ! What a GREAT day ... 
Getting ready to work out at the gym ! Aaaah ! To be able to shower , okay- MOVE without pain again ..... 
Another great day at science camp through Markham Woods ! Our little ones made oceans in a bottle and discovered that Flubber can be manipulated in all kinds of ways ! 
Shook it up in zuumba class tonight ! Oh what fun it is ..... 
< PROPFIRST > knocked < PROPMALE>'s other front tooth out today !!!! LOL - ( not really ... they were roughhousing and < PROPMALE > knocked it out ! ) We went to see G-force . Really good movie and funny ! 
Getting ready to watch < PROPMALE > get his new belt ! Graduation here we come .... 
needs help from my Central Fl friends .... One of my neighbors needs someone to come and look at a leak in their home , but they don't know of anyone reputable . Can anyone suggest any companies to check it out ? 
is winding down after four wonderful weeks of summer day camp at Markham Woods ! The kids have had a blast and we will finish up this week with a water day tomorrow . Bathing suits , bubbles , and water galore ! What a way to wrap it up ! God is GOOD ! 
getting back to the mindset of dance , karate , school , and work ! Oh happy day !!! 
Getting ready to head out to church ! 
is fixing lasagna , salad , and homeamade peach cobbler with fresh peaches ! YUMMY ... 
is exhausted ! Just finished pressure washing the back patio and screen enclosure .... Whew ! That's almost an all day job ! 
is hoping that Ash will soon find out who her teacher is .... the waiting is about to drive her ( thus me ) crazy !!!! 
is glad to finally meet < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s teachers ! Get ready , set , go ! Fifth and 1st grade !!!! 
is thankful that it is Friday ! It's been a long week to get adjusted to life back in the fast lane .... LOL 
is exhausted from going to the gym and doing all the yard work , and grilling out hamburgers ! Where did the day go ???? 
Where has the week gone ???? Getting ready to relax and catch up on housework and laundry ! Yippee ......... :) 
Well ...... it's official ! The sickness season has started ! Just came back from the Peds ... < PROPMALE > has a double ear infection . YUCK !! 
Just found out Alabama is on blackout !!!! Oh- what gives ???? 
' s head is spinning from a busy week !!! 
is wondering why 2:30 in the morning comes and I am wide awake !!!! Ok ... 4:00 and I'm going to try to go back to bed ! 
is glad it's a long weekend ! I think the kids and I both need a relaxing break ! The pool is still warm and the sun is a shinin'! 
is excited that Memaw and GeeDaddy are coming to visit for the weekend ! I think that the weather changed and made Florida \fall\ " into cooler temperatures . Here they were thinking that the pool was nice and ready and that they would be hot ! " 
Had a wonderful weekend although after looking at pictures from our reunion it seemed I missed another good time .... :) 
Getting prepared for a full weekend of watching Ash at a dance convention ! Oh what fun .... :) 
Just walked into the hotel from the Alabama game in Tuscaloosa , AL . IT IS COLD ..... Thanks to our friends- we watched a great game ! Missed my SC players though ! 
I'm home .... Back to life , back to reality ! < PROPFEMALE > is sick and < PROPMALE > wakes up with bloody nose at 3:00 am ! 
Trick or treating in 90 degree weather ! 
Hi Ho Hi Ho it's off to work I go ..... Yay ! A good night's sleep last night , too ! It's gonna be a good day ! 
Reminiscing with an old friend about new things .... God is good !! 
So glad that < PROPFEMALE > is feeling back to normal and we had a blast at the Funival with friends ... :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is FINALLY feeling better and everything came back great !!! 
Getting ready for another week of everyday grind ! I hope I can remember my tap routine .... LOL 
Just enjoyed a day full of dancing and Christmas spirit ! Way to go Westbrook dancers !!!! < PROPFEMALE > and everyone else did a GREAT job !!! 
has too many things on her mind .... 
Ready for another week of madness .... It's all good though !! :) 
It's been a productive day ... church , leg workout , cleaned out the air dryer duct , and am now making peanut butter balls !!! 
Thanks all my game friends for all the fun ! Hope you all have a blessed Christmas ! 
Reflecting on this year and hoping that all of my family and friends have a blessed Christmas and pray that everyone that is traveling goes safely .... God Bless Us Everyone ! 
Getting ready to go eat at Mi Casita in good ole Rockingham ! Ain't nothing like being home ... :) 
Go away cold ! Come back warmth .... :( 
tan ... I know , boring ! 
Totally aggravated that I cannot upload videos from my camcorder ! They are VOB files and facebook won't upload them nor can I email them to FB . I can only open it and watch it on windows video player . Does anyone have any suggestions ?? 
I smelled my science teacher in my car because I think I need some serious help . 
? I've figured out how to have cool looking statuses !!!! ? 
If you are a wife , that has a wonderful husband that works hard and would give up anything just to give to you , then repost this ... because I have the most wonderful husband in the world and I love him very much !!!! 
is ready for a long weekend ! Hoping to get rid of this lingering cough and RELAX ! 
Slow , sleepy morning ..... 
Thank God I chose the fraud detector for my credit card !!!!! That's all I have to say ! 
Had a great time at the Monster Truck Jam Show last night ... I have never seen so many trucks roll and crash . WOW ! 
Keep this going ... What was the # 1 song on the day you were born ? Google the date and #1 billboard song ... mine was ..... Brown Sugar The Rolling Stones 
Urbandictionary.com: < PROPFEMALE > - a fun , outgoing person . generally smart but can be a total blonde at times . someone who likes meeting new people , and smiles a lot . a person who never would just turn on people . a very good friend . someone you can trust . when she's mad , stand clear she might blow her top . but a person who doesn't get mad easily so you dont have to worry about that . 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > ( our doggie ) she had to go to the vets yesterday . They had to put her under to fix a problem and now she has to walk around with a conehead ... She is NOT a happy girl !!! 
is thinking it's hard to type with a 47lb dog in your lap . Oh , did I mention she's also wearing this HUGE cone around her head ?????? Poor baby !! 
Okay , < PROPFEMALE > with her drama and now poor Little Man ! Ear infection and wheezing !! Hopefully the medicine will kick in soon and help him feel better ! Hope everyone has a great < PROPFIRST>'s!!! 
is hoping Little Man will finally get over his sickness .... Bless his heart he is a TROOPER !!! 
• *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? BEAUTIFUL ? DAUGHTER(s) ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ? 
Today is worldwide cancer awareness day .... In memory of anyone who lost their fight with cancer , in support of those who are survivors , and in the hope of finding a cure , post this to your status . 92% of those who read this will not post this to their status . Will you ? I am proud to be among the 8% . 
is beginning to hate February cold weather ... too much sickness !!! 
Sons outgrow our laps , but never our hearts ...? ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? Put this on your status if you have the most ? Awesome ? Son ? in the ? world !! 
If you just recieved an email from me don't open it .... I don't know where it came from . Must be some kind of virus ...... 
Ready for the weekend !!! It's been a long week .... 
What a beautiful day ! Windows open and cool breeze blowing ... Can't beat this weather ! 
I need just one more paned window for my maison in Farmville . If anyone could send it I would appreciate it ... anyone who needs anything else let me know and if I have it I will send it . <3 
is grateful for her life and all those who are in it !!!! 
Gearing up for Zumba tonight .... Shake it like ya mean it ! 
is waiting for little man to get finished ...... 
is ready for a great weekend of dance competition for Ash's duet and a karate graduation for < PROPMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and her friend < PROPFEMALE > pulled off a Gold with their duet in jazz as well as finishing in 2nd place overall in her age group ! Way to go Ash and < PROPFEMALE > !!!! We are sooooo proud ! 
Update on < PROPMALE > .... MRI and Blood work came back normal ( preliminary reports ... ) Drs are stumped and are trying to figure out what would cause his eye to turn in again ( yes ... SECOND time since 2007 ! ) < PROPMALE > is in good spirits and is keepin ' on keepin ' on ... :) 
23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA and 17,000 in IL , NJ and FL are cutting teacher jobs and reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise and educate our kids get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers , copy and paste this into ... y ...... our status . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our lives ! 
is wishing everyone a blessed Easter day ! 
is ready for summertime .... Hopefully after this month we will be done with doctors appts ! UGH .... 
is thinking is it just me and my computer or is Farmville running very sloooow .... 
< PROPMALE > beat us in bowling with a score of 122 and now we are getting ready to eat at Kobe Japanese Rest . Yummy !!! 
Good news .... Hunter's eye has improved 20% !!! We go back in two weeks to see if there are more improvements . YEAH !!! 
Had a wonderful day with my daughter and her class ... Went to see the Oceans movie and stayed to help pick up litter around their classroom portables . At last , a GOOD FUN reason to miss working with my little ones at work ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s group pulled off a gold ( ballet ) and two platinums ( tap and jazz ) for dance !!!! Let's see what she and < PROPFEMALE > can pull off for their duet .... :) 
Okay- Ash's group pulled off 2 golds ( ballet and jazz duet ) and 3 platinums ( tap , jazz , and production ) Way to go < PROPFEMALE > and Westbrook Dance Academy !!! 
I just signed up for another bzzagent campaign ... Covergirl Simply Ageless Makeup !!! \ 
Woo hoo .... :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > <3 Before you were conceived , I wanted you . \ 
Before you were born , I loved you . When you were born , I saw your \ 
face and knew I was in love . Before you were an hour old , I knew I \ 
would die for you . To this day , I still would . With Mother's Day \ 
approaching repost this if you have children you love more than life ? 
Just joined the campaign for Reinvented Dove Hair Care .... not too much of a Dove shampoo fan , but willing to give this a try . 
is praying for two people who are in a battle for their lives with cancer . Please help me pray for them .... 
\If you judge people 
The weekend .... enough said ! 
loves when a former student finds her on Facebook and she learns the following : 1 . that they are doing well 2 . that they somehow believe that she made a difference in their life 3 . that they still love her 4 . that she still LOVES HER STUDENTS !!! Sorry Juan-loved it too much ! :) 
is still in disbelief that her daughter just pulled her second tooth in three days !!! Just in time for her dance recital :) 
Thank you guys . That's sooooo sweet ! 
Thanks everybody again for makin ' my day !!!! :) 
I luv my friends and family .... :) 
Okay ... gotta get pumped for tomorrow's dance recital ! 2 shows and all of us are dancing . ( < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Me ) 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > did such a GREAT job on their dance recital ! < PROPFEMALE > danced 14 times total for 2 shows and < PROPMALE > did his hip hop routine ! < PROPFIRST > did the Daddy dance and I did the secret Mom's dance and Mother Daughter tap . What a looooong day but it was worth it !!!! Did I mention the Mom's rocked ?!?!?!? 
Had a wonderful visit from my parents and < PROPFIRST>'s family ! We enjoyed some much needed family time , our dance recital , and the Holy Land Experience ... all in 3 days !!! 
Went to see karate kid and now < PROPMALE > is even more into the idea of becoming a black belt ! Not just a black belt but three higher than that he says ... 
Is so thankful for the fathers in her life ! I love you both and thanks for being the best Dad's ever !!!!! 
is having a great time with some wonderful kids at Markham Woods Presbyterian's Vacation Bible School !!!! ? ? Na Na Na Na Na Na < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hey ! God gives us love in a very big way .... ? ? 
Just finished up an awesome week of VBS at Markham Woods Presbyterian Church ! The kids did a great job singing all of their songs and the skit was great , too ! 
Just wanted to give an update on Hunter .... he is no longer seeing double vision and his eye is nearly back to its normal position . Looking at him , it looks perfectly back to normal !!! We are just so happy that he didn't have to have surgery again !!! God is GOOD ! 
Getting ready to enjoy a slow-paced , long weekend with just the family ! :) Hope everyone has a great 4th of July and for my military friends ... I thank God that we are blessed to have you serve for our country ! God Bless !!! 
Is looking forward to Summer Day Camp next week at Markham Woods Presbyterian ! 
enjoyed a day hanging out with the family and enduring an hour long nerf gun war ! 
had a full day at science camp at MWPC with some great kids and then spent the rest of the day with some great Westbrook friends !!! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > had a blast !!! 
Sitting by the pool listening to the relaxing sound of the water . I should do this more often !!! 
Having a blast at MWPC's Summer Camp ... It's Music Week and the kids are working sooo hard on learning all of their songs and the instruments ! I can't wait until Friday for their performance ! 
Making homemade ice cream .... we'll see what it tastes like when its down ..... :) 
Just found out < PROPMALE > has < PROPFEMALE > Miller for 2nd grade ... Anyone else find out their good news ??? 
Ash toured her new middle school today and has her schedule !!!! Exciting times .. :) 
Watching the kids with part of their Christmas ( early ) .... Benjie , our new Pom-Chi ! 
