arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgh . Soooooo booooooooooored . 

omg ! my body is sore now and aching everywhere ! 
a few more days till the last year of our high school lives 
head hurts from so much homework 
crap my car was just broken into and my license was stolen 
EVERYONE , PLAY SPECIAL FORCES ON FACEBOOK AND JOIN MY SQUAD ! 
needs to work on his college essays . 
one more day until we go to < PROPFEMALE > 
I think I did more pt this year then last 
FRICK !!! I JUST LOST THE GAME !!! 
is enlisting in 6 days as a cryptologic linguist ! 
can't wait to go to boot camp for basic training . 
just got back from a week long roadtrip on the entire west coast ! Can't wait to hit up east coast soon . 
can't wait to go to drill weekend at Camp Robinson this weekend . Needs to shorten time on mile run . 
is heading off to Camp Robinson for another drill and ceremonies this weekend . Can't wait . 
wants you to check out his new note . 
is feeling a bit weird . Will be leaving for boot camp and ait for 21 weeks in one more month . 
10 days till I ship out to boot camp and on with the rest of my career . 
7 days till i ship out and i wont be back for 6 months 
5 days till I ship out . 
Ill be leaving for boot camp tomorrow . See everyone again in 6 months . 
has a < PROPMALE > to get on facebook from a comp in Atlanta airport . Checking out the state of his new home . 
hey everyone , was able to access internet for the first time in a couple of months . basic training was tough but now going through worse at ait . 
elementis regamus proelium : ftw the U.S. chemical corps 
happy halloween from AIT 
Studying for HazMat and hoping to be certified soon . 
Bored to hell . Can't wait to be home for Christmas 
It suks turning 18 while at training . Now I know for sure nothings gonna happen . :( 
Thx to all who wished me a happy bday 
about to go take test for HazMat and Rad . 
is now certified as a HazMat responder ! Will soon take test for Rad . 
will be back home on the 18th . will be back for the first time in a long time . 
just made a 100 on the Radiological Operations test today . 
just finished my phase 5 pt testing . I have now finished all my graduation requirements for ait . 
Gettin ready to go into a room full of nerve agents . Yay 
cant wait for next week . ill finally get to sleep in my bed again . eat fatty foods again . not wake up at 4 in the morning after pulling 2 hour shifts on fireguard . life is good . 
Gotta go to sleep early as to be ready for the gas chamber tomorrow . VX nerve agents , here I come . 
Happy to have been able to come out of cdtf alive . Was messing with g-nerve and v-nerve agents . Scary 
Really bored waiting for the dfac to open so took pic of self to upload 
mentally psyching out for next week . stx , here i come with final retribution . 
just got back from an hour long formation out in the snowy weather . dam cant feel my face 
Will be busy with stx lanes this week then will return home on the 18th . 
I've been up for 2 hours now and 1 of those hours standing outside for chow or formation . Its 2 degrees out here . 
i think my new profile pic makes me look like a professional mugger or hobo 
Gonna go to sleep early today . I got fireguard 
Tomorrow will be the last day of stx 
hoping to ride the Humvee again . 
so booooooored . every day at ait is like the last and its expected to be like the next . same routine where i nap all day . 
Comin bak on sat . Can't wait to lay on a real bed 
i just finished reading Tucker < PROPMALE>'s \I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell\ " . starting on his next book . " 
less than 24 hours untill i get to lay in a real bed 
will miss having all my battles around for 2 weeks . 
so frikin bored even while at home . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to all . happy hanukkah . happy holidays . 
Working for recruiter today . 
Had a very eventful day . Enrolled in college , registered for classes , had a five hour car ride to ft leanor wood , and reported back for duty . Miss my bed now and hates fireguard again . 
another uneventful day . was told that the general and sergeant < PROPMALE > was coming to inspect our humble abode we call the barracks . waited since 6:30 am and still no show still waiting even now . 
boredom . is this the life of a gold phase trainee ? to squander away in our rooms and count the number of spots on the walls ? alas , my youth is to be wasted like this ... ( end scene ) 
hopes his request for early leave gets approved 
eating wings from pizza hut . not good since i got pt in morning . oh well 
hoping that the 21 comes closer . 10 DAYS AND A WAKE UP ! HOOAH ! 
sitting in my barracks room . snowed in . bored . 
HOOAH !!! Just finished RIC ( Regimental Induction Ceremony ) Now I'm part of the Army's Chemical Corps . All I got left is the actual graduation ceremony . DRAGON SOLDIERS FTW ! 
Finally graduating ! Coming home for good today . 
On my way home . Finally done with all my training 
Now home and can't wait to start new life as a guardsman 
Enrolled at ualr and ready to start classes on Monday 
cant wait for classes tomorrow . finally back in the student life 
Gonna hit up the gym early every morning at school 
Just got into another car accident . Another car rear ended me :( 
maybe its just me but i kinda wish i was back at ait . i am already tired of my routine here at home . 
Second class of ROTC done . It's starting to feel like all those classes during inbriefs 
writing a paper for composition class . feels like those 10thousand word essays by the drill sergeants 
Gonna be working for ROTC as an S-1 
ive forgotten what movie theater looks like . i think im gonna go check one out soon . 
just listening to cee-lo 
I've been snowed into my house for 2 days now . So bored . 
i need to take another pic soon , its not so cold anymore 
I hope everyone has the time to read the poem I just posted , especially my battles . 
I'm gonna go to the airport and pick up my mom with roses in hand . For the only woman who has put up with my bs for 18 years . 
gonna get myself a new laptop 
CRAP ! I've scored lower on the PT test than at AIT . 
Goin out to eat with mum . Havin some Vietnamese food ! Hooah ! 
its official . i am will remain undecided on my < PROPMALE > in college forever . 
thinkin of his battles 
Heading out to drill for the weekend 
She makes me wanna say < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > la < PROPFEMALE > la < PROPFEMALE > 
If a tree falls in a < PROPMALE > and no one is around to hear it , does anyone care ? 
i feel on top of the world with < PROPFEMALE > baby , i want to dance and party tonite\ 
i feel on top of the world with my lady , im gonna rock your body all nite 
The walls of college are grey . I've had enough of the color grey since basic and ait . 
got my new laptop last nite . its frikin awesome ! 
If I had all the power in the world , I would want a taco . 
Just got back from ftx . Never seen so many officers in one place before . 
If I could shake you from this darkness , \ 
If I could just understand \ 
If I could write a song to lift your spirit , \ 
Lend you the strength of heart and hands . 
First drill with my unit . Been on supply duty all day and now about to qualify with the M4 . 
thank god im not the only cbrn nco at my unit , i dont have to rewrite the sop's . lol i wont even have to worry too much about shelf life items either . 
they say that in the army the pay is mighty fine .......... \ 
they gave me 300 dollars and took back 156 
if life is a box of chocolates , i want to be the one with rice in it\ 
i like rice 
baba yetu , yetu uliye\ 
mbinguni yetu yetu < PROPFEMALE > 
if all the world is a stage , \ 
im gonna be the guy who pushes everyone off 
\one who knows nothing can understand nothing\ " anonymous " 
getting ready for drill tomorrow . got a 6 mile ruck march and pt test to look forward to . 
Sitting in line for case management and final evaluation . Been in line for an hour . Starting to feel like MEPS . 
< PROPFEMALE > is uleacv\ 
Dfhuvf gvf h hbfx gbvdf%\ 
ghegucr vbjidcvu hiyrchihrcchu%\ 
hhujilj nn nn . Bvcc vgv bhkmmlob v . Cgi . Gb . J 
got my TA50 this weekend . kinda glad now , but i got the old army green camo iba's 
if everything tastes like chicken , \ 
i would wish that chicken tastes like sushi 
you know you just lost \the game \"" 
just joined an intermeral soccer team and gonna play tonite . ( i dont remember how to spell intermeral ) 
My only source of income taken away by the same dude who gave a billion trillion bailout to big corporations . What's most funny to me is that I am doing overtime this month too with two drill this month . 
To all my battle buddies on active duty , I sympathize with you about your loss of pay . I know it hurts you more than it hurts me . 
Spent around 100 dollars on new reciever for my speakers 
good grades , social life , enough sleep\ 
pick two 
Heading up to hot springs with the promise of the best steak ever 
Packing for drill this weekend 
kinda sad . havent talked to a friend in a month 
If anyone wants to play words with friends with me , my name is ConArn . Send a game my way . 
Just went out and split $60 on sushi with Ryk . Money well spent ! 
Woke up today and dislocated my shoulder immediately . Stayed in bed for two hours to help let it cool down . Now it's just sore . 
pt test in the morning , gotta get some sleep , but too busy reading good book . cant . put ... down ..................................... book 
doing homework . not fun 
if only we could send all of these storms over to texas , they could use the rain 
got a job as a cook . problem is , i dont know how to cook 
2 out of 10 of my friends who post often actually post a status of their well-being . ill add to that number . my status is that im doing fine . 
About to do the first colorguard in a long time . 
Finals this week wooohoooo 
If time is immortal , doesnt that mean it doesn't exist ? 
