is a grinder today . Running < PROPFIRST > ( crunch , crunch , crunch ) . Joy . Rapture . 

My sincere thanks to one and all for my b-day wishes ! 
is stoked to be getting back on stage , but totally stressed out at work . 
is stressed out to the FREAKIN < PROPMALE > ! A friend actually just asked me if I was about to tranform into the Incredible Hulk or something . Certainly ready to stomp a mud hole in SOMETHING ! 
is straying away from the mud hole stomping approach to a more subversive landmine approach . Set ' em up and watch ' em fall . I'm gonna get mine ! TRUST ! 
is workin ' em . Sell sell sell . 
wonders if he's the only one who ever tears out the door in a fury of panic , late for an appointment , only to realize halfway there that ITS THE WRONG FREAKIN DAY AND HE COULD HAVE SLEPT IN !!!! >:P 
is lovin the new band . It's almost scary when things go so well and easy . ... BUT , I NEED EVERYONE'S HELP !! Name our band ! You people know me .... sort of ... lol BE CREATIVE for me here ! C'mon . I know there's a gem of a name sitting on the tip of someone's tongue . Out with it !!! 
has the sickest friends on facebook . Keep those band names comin people . Props will be yours in the cd jacket . Immortality anyone ? 
Looks like the band has a name . Bellacose . ( meaning warlike ) Studio sessions beginning soon for the ep . 
is considering medicine . Somewhere along the lines of EMT , Paramedic , or Nursing . Gonna see what shakes loose . Who knows .... At any rate , its looks like it's back to school . 
has decided on < PROPMALE > College's Nursing program after weighing all options . It's easier to think once the unemployment office deems a person worthy of some funds . I'll be getting enough to pay the bills and I'll get the rest somehow . Maybe melting some faces on stage er sumthin . 
really enjoyed getting back up on stage last night . I got to sit in with Sucker Punch at Wild Wings in < PROPFEMALE > . Hella fun ! 
enjoyed the ride to the mountains . Natives representin'! 
is a weeeeee bit hesitant about the physical tomorrow morning at 8am for the nursing program . I'm sure my prostate is fine ..... really .... can't you just take my word for it ? 
is tired of waiting . Ready to kick the tires and light the fires ! 
has some truly interresting and yet very bizarre friends . Wouldn't trade ' em . 
can appreciate a cold wet day sunday for what it's good for ..... mmmmmmmm a nap ! 
is searching for alka-seltzer and maybe even some insulin . 
s deep-fryin ' yet ANOTHER gobbles ! Will the madness ever END ?! 
Prayin that the classes i need aren't closed out on Tuesday morning . Online classes aren't my favorite and i avoid them if i can . 
is wishing he was more of an optimist than a realist at the moment . Acceptance possibilities for the fall RN program look near impossible . (\So ... your're tellin me there's a chance ! \ " - < PROPMALE > Christmas ) " 
is all registered for the spring . 
United Health's CEO < PROPFIRST > Hemsley makes $ 57,000 an hour while thousands of people die and go bankrupt due to medical bills or lack of insurance . Post this as your status if you are outraged . 
Time put put in a little work on the low end . Thumpety thump thump . ( dang , that white boy got ruthm ! ) 
approves of the new album from 30 Seconds to Mars . I give it thumbs up . 
Gig's cancelled tonite because of the ice-n-snow . Oh well . Better safe than dead . 
is packing for the crossing . 
This greyhound is < PROPFEMALE > bound ... 
is kickin it with the < PROPMALE > in < PROPMALE > . Good times . 
Is hangin ' round ... Downtown by the square ... pirating wifi . Headed to Memphis tomorrow to eat some ribz . Werd 
is ready for the carolinas . Headed home in the morning . 
is back in NC . Mississippi's missin a swampdonkey tonite . 
10 lbs down . 30 to go . Man i love salad ... :P 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy an paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know your friends ! Before you do that , answer me first 
is headed out to lay down some bass tracks . Oh how i love some studio time ! 
is single . 
. 
If love doesn't deserve a < PROPMALE > , what does ? 
is ready for monday . 
is enjoying class , believe it or not ! 
sorry little brother .... 
hates not having internet access at home . grateful its only a temporary outage ... 
is glad to be back online . ... i was starting to get the shakes .. 
is in class until 1030pm . College is seriously cutting into my social scene .... 
My fine is 586.60 . oh dear ... 
had a blast sittin in with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > at the Java Bean tonite . 
Weekends seem to lose their value when you're in school the whole time ... 
WHO DAT ! 
What a day for a ride . 
its been one of those days , and it ain't over yet . 
is anticipating a beatiful day off . 
is hoping the ice storm makes it here this time . 
is lookin out the back door at about two inches of snow . Still fallin ! 
I can't believe i'm watching Groundhog Day ... again ... 
Well we got about 4.5 inches in the Gashaus . Enough to get me out of classes this weekend , so i'm thankfull . 
“Despite those titles , power , and pelf , The wretch , concentred all in self , Living , shall forfeit fair renown , And , doubly dying , shall go down To the vile dust , from whence he sprung , Unwept , unhonor'd , and unsung . ” 
is stoked about the Final season of LOST . 
jesus is my doppleganger 
is glad the weekend's over , as backwards as that may sound . 
is in the middle of another stimulating night of classes ... 
I was to understand there'd be punch and pie .... 
I have to admit . This stage of going back to school rocks just a little bit . Waking up at the crack of noon , going to the gym whenever i want . It reminds me of the first time , except this time i've got some sense ! 
Man i love going out first ... jasks and queens take a hit . 
is in for the night . 
could possibly end up making music tonite after all . Just serves to show the true unpredictability of a monday . heh . 
just so happens to be the new bassist for Stealing Vegas . Woot ! Its on like a pot ' o ' neckbones now ! 
Rest in Peace , < PROPMALE > Bones . You were my friend . See you again one day . 
is sitting in class yet again . Counting minutes . 
is headed to < PROPFEMALE > to meet up with the Pru-dawg ( < PROPMALE > Pruitt ) 
is feeling the sting .... 
Spring break just ain't what it used to be . ah well ... Looking forward to putting a little tech time into Vegas today . 
is hungryyyyyyy 
Clinicals , DAY 1 . I'm sure being this anxious is normal .... 
1st week of clinicals are behind me . I survived , and i didn't run . 2 weeks to go . Man , im grateful for the fas t-t rack . 
Clinicals again this weekend . Joy , rapture .... 
feeling a great deal better today , but still far from normal . Hopefully I'll be back up to full steam by tomorrow . 
is feelin electric ! 
yeah , whatever . 
Happy flippin St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day to ye ! 
Clinicals are behind me . yyyyyeahboi ! 
thinks it might be time to take the bike out for a bit-o-joyriding on this < PROPFEMALE > afternoon . 
gonna do a little playin tonite . You can't keep a swamp-donkey down ... 
is a bit stressed out . i do believe its time to vacate . 
Almost bought the farm tonite . 0134 hrs . Totally dark accident scene across 3 of the 4 lanes on I85 southbound coming out of < PROPFEMALE > , at the only section of it without overhead light . Only visible within about 100 yards b4 the debris field . I roll up on it hummin along on my bike . Saw a way through and gassed it . the car behind me ... not so lucky . Life is short , live it ... now . 
got in some WICKED rehearsal time this morning . I can't wait to unleash this on the unprepared people of < PROPFEMALE > , or the WORLD for that matter . Hit ' em like a < PROPMALE > truck . BAM !! 
4.2 hrs per day average play time over last 7 days . Whoever said is wasn't work , wasn't dooin it right . 
The MAR at the HOB says the LOC is OTC . PRN pc of course and we're gonna go ahead and say PR q am , and if ya get ornery its gonna be qid . NPO for me thx . My OD , OS , and AU have had juuust about enough of this for now ... Beer me ... stat ! 
yikes ... 
is preparing to go on walkabout . Gonna go wander in TN , see some falls , chill with friends , ride the twistys . Be back ' round Sunday evenin i s'pec . Eat some bugs , eat some grass , use my hand to wipe my ... tears . BANZAAAIIIII Daniel-san !!! 
I am < PROPFIRST>'s TOTAL lack of surprise .... 
oh how i love a good single malt highland ... 
Walkabout was OUTSTANDING ! I SO needed that ! Did some hiking , swimming , rappeling , and adventuring . Good times , good company , good memories . Sometmes ya just gotta unplug and LEAVE ! 
Photo shoot , 6 hours of rehearsal , quick shut eye , then off to class . 
must ... keep .... going ..... X-P 
is retiring for a wee nap before studying . I have exams tomorrow from 8am straight thru til 11:30 pm . The fates were cruel this semester . yay school .... * farts , chuckles , and rolls over * 
Written test for CNA , check . Now back for the practical . 
6 hours of life gone and i'll never get em back . wow , what a day . Ri- < PROPMALE > - U - LOUS . 
PASS . ooooooooWEEE ! Definitely not easy . Study up classmates . And Clear your schedules . Make arrangements for someone to pick up the kids . I was there for EIGHT hours ... 
another day goes down in the books ... 
Come out , eat , drink , and be < PROPFEMALE > . Saturday night . Cramerton . My boy < PROPFIRST > Fox is opening up for Stealing Vegas . Show's at 9 . Goes til 1 or so . 
CHaaaaa ! SHOWTIME ! 
Thanks SOOOOO MUCH to all the folks who came out for the show tonite ! How awesome was it for me up there appreciating the love from my peeps ! The next show's gonna be even better . Thanks again ! 
... maybe some midget wrestling on the lineup for tonite ? This could be goooood .... 
I don't see any foldup chairs ... Good thing ... I think 
Extreme Midget Wrestling .... The bomb.com 
Here we gooooo .. Friday , show . Saturday , show . Sunday , sleeeeeeepdeepsleeeeeeep . Monday BIO 168 A&P 1 . Day 1 of 2 months . hooray for summer school ... 
McHale's will never be the same ... Took an outdoor show and moved it indoors . Kept the levels . ROCKED the house . More fun that i've EVER had doing what i love to do . If you're not at the race tonite , come on out to Cramerton . We're gonna do it again ! 
Quite aggrivated . Can't watch LOST !!! I've missed the last 4 episodes . no way i'm gonna jump in and watch the LAST ONE !! DAMNIT ! gotta do some catch-up . 
Okay . So now i'm all caught up on LOST . Ready for a re-run of the final episode ...... any minute now ..... aaaany time ..... 
Mammy ?! LOST ?! w ..... t ...... f'n .... f 
Time to get out on the bike . Maybe a little backroad scenery before it gets too late . Saddle up ! 
Goin on walkabout . Float a river , sleep in some trees , and just dissappear all together for a few . Don't come a ' lookin for me . I shan't be found . 
is Quite unexpectedly , but pleasantly , surprised to come home from walkabout and find that we have a show to play this weekend . McHale's in Tega Cay . Outdoor Show . This Friday 8-11 . details to come later ... 
LOOK kids ! Big < PROPMALE > ! Parliament ! 
Show went great . running on fumes and a couple winks of sleep at this point , and trying to figure out how i'm gonna make it thru another 4 hours staight of playing beginning at 3pm . this is gonna take some seeeerious caffeine . 
Baleadas for almuerzo . Can't go wrong right there ! MMMMM ! 
Why in the world would you give a muscle a name as long as the sternocleidomastoid muscle ? They couldn't have just called it \neck 1\ " or something ?! Maybe i'll have to approach the board with this one . lol " 
I'm feelin wild . Might be time to jump on the bike and ride off into the moonlight ! Let the road take me where it will . 
Another Day in the hallowed halls of learning .. IT'S ... * dramatic pause * LAB DAY ! (( < PROPMALE > Python's Flying Circus music playing in background )) 
Setup .... check . Soundcheck .... check check , mic check , 1 , 2 ... Ready to roll for the show tonite . 9:30 @Center Street Tavern , Cramerton . 
Callin it a NITE ! Show went GREAT ! Now for some much needed sleep . Doing it all over again tomorrow . Another day , another city . 
NEXTSHOW : THIS WEDNESDAY @ THE ATTIC ! UPTOWN < PROPFEMALE > ! Corner of 5th and Tryon . STEALING VEGAS . < PROPFEMALE > PUB . Full regalia . Kilt and all . Come have fun . 
Naps ROCK ! Especially on days after nights like last night , and then mornings like today . < PROPFEMALE > to help me wake and make it thru class , and as soon as i get home , an afternoon thunderstorm to put me right to sleep . I do believe i just got smiled upon . 
Red's the new tan , huh ? Aloe , please ... 
people know me .... 
Gearing up for another week of class , punctuated by another weekend of showtme . Perhaps i could use an evil twin to divide and conquer . Not sure the world could handle two me's though . Only room on this planet for one of us anyway . Violence might ensue . Maybe i'll just stick to naps . 
This has been a test of the emergency dumbass system . The dumbass in this area became alarmed by nothing at all and totally overreacted . This was only a test . In the event of an actual emergency , the local dumbass would have prolly been all over the situation with cat-like speed an reflex . We will now resume your regularly scheduled program . 
\Be provocative . Be organized\ " - Dr. < PROPMALE > Brule . . . dingus " 
Ready for a great weekend .. It does suck , however , having a birthday 2 days after the 4th . Hard to get a good party going . Maybe it'll have to be walkabout this year . weeee shall seeeeeeeeee . 
Sweet < PROPFIRST > Wine ! 
Exam time . Nothing like spending my vacation on the floor with pages and pages of notes strewn out everywhere . 
B+ on the test . B provocative . B organized .... 
Por arriba , por abajo , < PROPMALE > lado , y < PROPMALE > otro , POR ADENTRO ! ( Gonna be a gooood day , Tater ) 
Helluva night . We're into a seeeerious recovery mode now . Coors light , layin out on < PROPFEMALE > deck gettin some sun . Much needed R&R . 
New < PROPFEMALE > tonite . You may pass in peace , but burn only one torch to light your way ... 
back to tha lab again , yo 
Lab work en la casa tonite . MAN i love homewerk .... * most disgusted face one can make * 
Lecture day . OK kids ! Today its all about muscles . Can you find the Ishiocavernosus muscle ? Or the Bulbspongiosus muscle ? They're right there with the Superficial Transversus perinei muscles . 
Hello bed ... So we meet again ... 
I've never had to setup and soundcheck 13 HOURS before a show . Kinda ridiculous . Eh , it is what it is . [ favorite saying btw . ] Stealing Vegas . Hickory Tavern . Gashouse . Tonite . 
What an awesome weekend ! The show went great , and of COURSE we all had a great time ! Thanks to all who came . Missed those who didn't . My thanks to the Hickory Tavern for a great time ! Now the path before me is steep and arduous . Practicals Tuesday . All ahead FULL . 
... oh that popping sound you heard ? My brain . Imploding under the pressure . See just there , its beginning to leak out of my nose and ears .... 
The Acetabulum , obturator foramen , AND the fovea capitis can all go suck it . Other than those three riduculous features , i do believe i stomped a mudhole in that Practicum . ooo OOOOOO ! 
“Despite those titles , power , and pelf , \ 
The wretch , concentred all in self , \ 
Living , shall forfeit fair renown , \ 
And , doubly dying , shall go down \ 
To the vile dust , from whence he sprung , \ 
Unwept , unhonor'd , and unsung . ” 
Yuquitas con < PROPMALE > y chicharron !!! Me encantan ! Gracias , mom ! Naturas fijoles , y < PROPMALE > sa tambien ! Is it my friggin ' birthday ?! YYYYY < PROPFEMALE > camiseta que dice \Aqui estan los CATRACHOS ! \ " lol . I'm actually MISSING the smell of the Rio Choluteca right now ... Tu bandera .. tu banDEra ... " 
The time of change is upon me . Dilation of the pupils , wavelike contractions of the erector pili , the tightening of muscles in the arms , back , and neck ... The < PROPFEMALE > is at 95% . By tomorrow night i will be a raving LUNATIC !!!! [ Just keep feeding me scotch , and be sure to keep your hands away from my mouth ... ] 
Nailed the Practicum . 94.4 yessirrrrrr .... 
DAY OFF ! If you can't cut class at least once after a sweet victory , what's going back to school all about ?!?! [ besides , i can't have folks thinkin i'm a nerd or something , I'm still the same loveable slacker i've always been . :) SEE !?!? ] 
If its worth doing , its worth overdoing ..... 
Kayaked the rest of the North < PROPFEMALE > New River up into < PROPFEMALE > today . ... very nice . high five ... 
Just enjoyed a day of community service . Good < PROPFEMALE > . Helped a friend out and helped a needy < PROPFEMALE > at the same time . ( gotta make up for all the fun i've been having before it comes back to haunt me ... ) 
Aight then here we go ! Last week of A&P 1 . Got a final and a practicum on thursday . ( fooooocus Danielsan ... Breathe iiiiiiin ,..... ooooooooouuuuuuut ..... ) 
How do you get to Carnegie Hall ? 
Stepping through the door . And where does the door lead ? Into my cave ... And what do i find in my cave ? My power animal ..... [ slide ] 
A GREAT show . 
WOOO !!! Walkin away from Anatomy with the TITLE belt , baby !!! Big , gold \A\ " right in the middle of it . [( Who's the man NOW ?! )] " 
\\m/ \\m/ Who woulda thought i would actually ENJOY watching a rock show while not playing in it !!!! The Spill Canvas , Switchfoot , and even THE GOO GOO DOLLS ! ALL 3 BANDS rocked it haarrrrd last nite in < PROPFEMALE > . Amazing show ! Helluva nite . 
hmmm . I'll have everyone know that i was the Mighty Mississippi Swampdonkey LOOOONG before rednecks gave that name to busted , fat chicks who go to bars and pick up good looking guys by getting them hammered and taking them home . I ought so sue ... SOMEBODY ! Should have copywritten it or put a trademark or something . [ bad luck ] 
Oh my stars and garters .... What an outrageous evening ! And WHO told Belmont that it's now OK for them to be a party town ?! Wouldn't have believed it unless i'd seen it . 
And so it begins , a new semester . On the Full < PROPFEMALE > . Hope that's a sign of good things to come . :) 
Another week begins . School , music .... Do it . 
Here's to all the good times , fond memories , and great adventures .... 
HUMP DAY ! ( heh heh . I Just like saying it ... ) 
Once again ... Good show ... Good NIGHT ! ( ... i heart Baxter Village . That place is awesome ... ) 
What a great way to end the week . A 10 hour club ride through the hairpins , twistys , and sweepys of the Appalachain Mountain roads . Our horses never get tired ... just thirsty . 
Don't look for me this week unless it's on stage . Wed : Anatomy exam followed by a show that night . Thurs : off to study . Friday : microbiology exam followed by a show that night . Saturday : just a show ... ( thank god . ) Btw i've officially lit the fabled third end of the candle . We're burnin FAST AND BRIGHT now ! 
Playin tonite . 8pm to Midnight . McHale's in Tega Cay . Duo show . < PROPFIRST > and i are representin for Stealing Vegas ! Come on out ! 
Great show last night and Its back to work again . FLIP FLOPS IN GASTONIA . TONITE ! 930 ! 
What a week . The < PROPFEMALE > peaked at the 3rd show last night . Freakin awesome . Shows like that are why i do what i do ! A rainy Sunday is EXACTLY what i need . A little rack time , and some well deserved rest and recovery will surely be enjoyed . After all , Monday brings class , and the music starts all over again on Wednesday . 
Back on track for the week to come . Sometimes a guy's just gotta drop off the grid , ya know ? Which reminds me , if you need to get'a'holda me before this weekend , make haste . Headed to the Smokey's on Walkabout with my boys ... 
Showe , shave , s *** , shine , and shampoo . I clean up like a new < PROPFEMALE > . Now to unleash a fury of rock ! ( in an accoustic , tasty way ) 
WALKABOUT ! Leavin in 20min for the Smoky Mountains . Back Sunday night . Spend not thine hours in vain searching for us . We shant be found . I'll be swingin in the trees . Back to nature . Wandering the planet surface . like Kane in \Kung-Fu \"" 
Oh my stars and garters , what a weekend !!! More adventure than i ever imagined . AND i survived . Gonna take a few days to recover tho . Its another 3 show/two test week for JP . No rest for the wicked , and no sympathy for the devil ... 
To all my freinds that helped with the ideas for making it through 3 shows straight singing without a voice .. THANK YOU . I made it . Flying colors . From not overpowering , to hot toddys , and lemon juice , hot tea , and mouthfulls of < PROPFEMALE > between each song ... Somehow it all came together and worked !! Like a charm ! 
I'm pretty much destined for greatness . I'm just pacing myself so I don't freak you out . 
LADIES NIGHT AT CROSSROADS WITH STEALING VEGAS TONITE !!!!! 
oooooWEEE it's gonna get retarded tonite ! STEALING VEGAS ! Full Band !!! @ the Crossroads . Hwy 49 and Hwy 160 , Steele Creek area of < PROPFEMALE > . Starts at 10pm . Taking a nap now to get ready for this one . I think the basic plan is to fan the flames , and see how long it takes for the roof to catch !!!! 
Public Service announcement to my friends .... \ 
Sons of Anarchy = Good Show . Love it . BUT .... Wearing a 3-patch system on your back while you ride ( even if its ficticious ) = Bad @#$%^&* IDEA unless you're ready to stand/bleed for it . Just thought i'd throw that out there ... 
Bedtime . Big week ahead . See you sunday , fb . ( thurs if'n ya talk real purty ... ) 
Holy crap what an awesome show ! I ain't NEVAH ! ( but rest assured i will again ! ) It's so nice to be well and able to sing again . yyyyessirrrrrrrrrr ! 
Today's topic of study : Nisseria gonorrhoeae , and its pathogenicity . How much fun is THAT ?! ( a day off sucks when you've got to study about ' the clap ' ) 
I'm taking my night off and RUNNING WITH IT !!! I SHOULD resurface in time for anatomy lecture tomorrow .... Time to kick the tires and light the fires ! Riding out into the sunset , the way it oughts to be done ! 
A fantastic weekend . Rough week to come . Two practicals , two < PROPMALE > tests , one quiz , and 2 shows . Feet , don't FAIL ME NOW ! 
Here we go . Practical #2 . 
.. but first you must travel , a looong and weary road . Frought will peril . 
... and this too shall come to pass . And the resilience of the Mighty Mississippi Swampdonkey will be seen once more . Now , how about a little music ... 
Sing it < PROPFIRST > .... \there's no comfort in the truth .... \"" 
Today is a NEW day ! Screw yesterday ... I will greet it with open arms , eyes wide , and face to the rising sun ! Taking nothing from the past but the lessons i've learned . The love/and hate can stay behind , drifting back into nothingness with the rest of time passed . Enough ... ... enough . 
Time to kick the tires and light the fires . Riding out . Bring me that horizon .... 
Mid terms . DONE . ( that was ridiculous ... ) 5 days in the week to take tests , and they give me both A&PII and Microbiology on the same day ... the monday after halloween . cruel and insensitive monsters ... 
Order of the day : TEAS test . Oh how i love standardized placement tests ... this should be interresting ... [ Wyle E . Coyote : SuuuuuperGenius ] 
Come SEE ! Tonite at < PROPMALE>'s Pub . For all my folks who say we never play The Gashouse and that they would come out if we did . 9pm TONITE !!! STEALING VEGAS trio . holla .... 
HELLOOOO < PROPFEMALE > how are ya ?! The NATIVE son speaks .... Come see . Playing again TONITE in Baxter . [ I 77 Sounth from < PROPFEMALE > to Hwy 160 ] Town Festival all day today . We play at 8pm INSIDE at the Beef O'Brady's room ( since it'll be below freezing by then ) . Great music , food and drinks . HOLLA ! 
It is one MAGNIFICENT day ! 
AOCDRNDICG\ 
TO RSEERACH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE \ 
LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND \ 
AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID \ 
DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU \ 
............ CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT I ... T TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE \ 
CAN ... this is AMASING !!!!! :D 
High B's on my midterms . Pleasantly surprised . ( expected much worse ) 
This one's for the Haters .... 
Playing at Crossroads tonite . 9:30 - 1 . Come on out ! Ladies Night ! 
To all my fellow vets , retired , discharged , currently serving , at home , or on foreign soil . Those of us who stood before the flag , and took the oath to defend against all enemies foreign and domestic , know what that means , feel the sense of duty , and appreciate each other even if all others don't . To the ARMY !!! HOOOAH ! To the Maines . To the Navy . To the Air Force . To the Coast Guard . I raise my glass , brothers ... 
Goin down to th Crossroads again tonight ... Gon ' do some heeeead cuttin ' ... If'n ya Feel like listenin ' in , come on down ... Show start roun bout 10 . We gon ' have us a good time . 
Feels good to be home . 
All studied up and ready for this microbio exam . E . coli and V . cholera aren't my best buds right now tho .... blah blah blah words words words . nite all . 
Taking my test and then getting ready for tonite . Crossroads . We start around 9 this time . Expecting good things . Come have a drink and listen . Its ladies night ..... 
ooooooOOOOWEEEEE ! I stomped a MUDHOLE in that test ! Take that ~ V . cholera ~ ! 
SHOWTIIIiiiiime ! We start at 9pm tonite , down at the crossroads . Now , who's comin on up ? Who gon ' get dey ' heeeead CUT ? Step on up . >;) 
I think it might just be time to get out on the hawg and celebrate this fine friday just a bit . ( i lead a charmed life ... ) 
... creepin and crawlin , Snoop doggy doggin ' ... 
It was easy road into debt . Much shorter than the road out , which has been hard and long . But 3 minutes ago , I finished diggging myself out and am back in the BLACK ! Yessirrrrrr . Took over a year . That was a hard lesson to learn , and i ALWAYS seem to learn things the hard way . Don't spend money you don't have . I feel like celebrating ! ( think i will actually ... ) 
Gobblegobble ya'll . 
... more like blackout friday ... 
Three shows , two < PROPMALE > tests , and prep for practicals this week ... ( just my way of saying \get over it\ " if you don't hear from me before next weekend ) " 
wwJPd ... 
wwJPd ?.. Answer = [ Patricia West ] : You'd slam back a scotch , smoke a cigarette and in you best mob voice you'd say \fah-get uh-bough deeeeeh ! \ " . \ 
Just so no one takes it pesonally , i always delete the comments from all old posts when i put up a new status . I leave the likes . Its not you , i just like a neat < PROPFEMALE > . Cheers . 
Oh yes , I rode out in this cold weather . My shaggy taun taun DID freeze before i reached the first marker ... 
yay test . * < [ :\\ 
yay EXEMPT from said med . microbio test * < [ :) Hoooray !!! Two practicals this week tho . No exemptions . Ah well . At least i can realax today and study for tomorrow . 
Snappin ' necks , cashin ' checks , kickin ' ass , and takin ' NAMES ! WOOOO ! 
He was holdin on too tight , Mav . Cougar's lost the edge ... 
My last practical is in 20min . Ready to get it overwith . 
Time for some r&r and then a LOT of studying . Practicals went well . Wed thus and friday night shows were ALL good , but friday's was STELLAR ! The bar has officially been raised . Now about these finals .... 
Rest in Peace , < PROPFEMALE > Outlaw . 
StUdYsTuDyStUdY ... sleep ... clean ... StUdY some more .. And now for some sleep . And then Maybe .... i dunno , study ? .. Yeah , study ... 
Got a 100 on the Microbiology practicum , and 114 on the Anatomy/Physiology practicum . That's gonna help . Exams in the AM . G'nite facebookland . 
I'm ready . Finals in 9 hrs 20 < PROPFEMALE > . might need a drink to get to sleep ... 
BLASTED the anatomy final in 20 < PROPFEMALE > ! Perfection . Now for Micro ... 1hr 22 < PROPFEMALE > until go time . 
OMG finals couldn't have gone any better . I OWNED those exams . Nailed it ... NAILED it ! heh heh YYYYEAH ! 
LISTEN UP KIDS !!! TONIGHT IS A VERY SPECIAL NIGHT FOR VEGAS ... IT IS A HOMETOWN SHOW IN BELMONT NC AT Friends Sports Bar and Grill ... PLEASE COME OUT AND SHOW YOUR SUPPORT FOR THE LOCAL BOYS !!!! 
Home in bed by midnight ! Amazing ! Watchin me some Goonies . [ heeeyyy youuu guuuuyyys ! ] 
Time for a ride . 
FESTIVUS ! 
Festivus was nice . The festivus pole was makeshift , the airing of grievances was liberating , but the feats of strength were lacking This year . That can go on my greivances for next year . Instead there were feats of drinking . Mighty feats . The head of the house was definitely pinned . lol . Now for Crimmus ... 
Scotchy scotch scotch . I love scotch ! Here it goes down . Down into my belly . Mmm mmm mmm ... [ bush-league < PROPFEMALE > ... BUSH !! ] 
PAIN !.. DOES NOT EXIST !.. IN THIS DOJO !... DOES IT ?! ______________ 
Wow ... Really ? I think the History Channel just jumped the shark . Extraterrestrial technology of accoustic levetation for the prehistoric monuments and buildings .. Rrrriiiiight .... 
Wow ... Went to the gym today for the first time in about 4 months . They renovated the entire thing top to bottom while my back was turned ! I'm sure they appreciated my financial support ... 
Oh that's fantaaaaaaaaaastic ... My backup phone is now acting wierd ... I'm just rough on technology i suppose . BAH ! ( p.o.s. phone ! ) 
I get bored ... 
ssssssSHHHHOWTIME ! Thurston's at Park and Woodlawn . Who cares if its snowing ... Man up , and come out ! 
ooooWEEE !!! That's some big ' ol FAT snow , Lt . < PROPFIRST > ... 
And Why would i be up at 6am ? 2 words : Snow cream ... mmmmmmmmm ! 
What to do with an evening at the house alone ? hmmm ... Time to plug in , crank it up to 11 , and blast out some bassfunkitivity . Imma see if i can cause an avalanche ! 
If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people fat . Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! ( Reposted ) 
ooooWEE what a show ! Ain't NUTHIN gonna stop me now !!... ' cept my inmate inabbilitree to progress ... cognatious ... thunk . 
Considering doing away with my facebook < PROPFEMALE > . ( i just haven't figured out how i'll live without my zynga games yet ) 
i've procrastinated long enough ... it's time ... laundry time :p 
Fight night . Music . I dig it . 
Today's ride was terribly cold ... but hella fun . 
As a friend of mine recently said : \A wish changes nothing . A decision changes everything . \ " Things are a'changin . " 
I believe its gonna be time to get my sleep shedule back on line . Where u at Unisom ? Tylenol PM ? Ambien ? .... < PROPMALE > !.... 
Gelato . %^& YEAH !!!! 
Time for a ride . Me and my boys are rollin deep to < PROPFEMALE > Beach tomorrow . This could be epic ... [ mount up ] 
THAT was a weekend for the books ! To those who were there , here's to ya ! 
SO TONITE !!!! Its STEALING VEGAS at Sin City in NoDa , < PROPFEMALE > , NC , USA , NORTH < PROPFEMALE > , on the WESTERN SIDE of the NORTHERN HEMISPHERE , on P L A N E T E A R T H , on an outter arm of the beautiful galaxy we call the milky way . ( set the controls for the heart of the sun ) . come out . should be fun ! 
What a fantastic night ! Rocked NoDa like we OWNED the place ! Good times ! GOOD NIGHT !!! 
\No individual or group can block another individual's path or change it against what fits his nature and his purpose . It might be done for a time 
Publicity time . 
No snow on the ground .... figures . 
Ah the Gashouse .. Nothin like the sound of exchanging gunfire to lul a man to sleep . Kinda reminds me of my senior year abroad ... Playin tomorrow in Belmont . Come out and cut up . 
Rocked out last night . Pretty awesome ! Tonite we're playin MJ's in Lake < PROPFIRST > . If you're in the neighborhood , come on out ! 
Got to sit in with some AWESOME musicians today at the Benefit for Curly and Thornburg . Hellagood time ! 
feeling very red right now for some reason . Ya know , if i had to pick a color or something ... 
O'Doyle RULES ! 
Looks like its back to work !!! 
Who's the man NOW ? HA ! I'll take a win like that anyday . [ yay golf ] 
Justwoke up from a great dream . in a nutshell : Touring on the motorcycle with others and found a small college . Students were on break but the Air Force Choir was there in an auditorium taking a break from the road and i got to conduct them in singing the Phi Mu < PROPFEMALE > Sweetheart Song . OMG it was amazing . Woke up with chills . 
GOT THAT ACCEPTANCE LETTER TODAY !!! 2 year , intensive RN , are YOU ready for ME ?!?!!?!?! Yeah !! Cheers peeps ! Your possiblities of having me as your Nurse in the future just increased . [ nothing to worry about ... heh ] ;) 
To my long list of skills and jobs , I formally add Commercial Electrician ... at least unil school starts . Its fun , beats the crap out of painting , and its putting some jingaling in the bank . ( the 6am wakeup schedule is SEVERELY crimpin my swerve tho ... ) 
Long day at work . But a good day . And its nice to work again . Show's are rollin in and the books are jammin up fast . MAN i love the spring ! For the evening : frozen pizza ( with a little after-market love ) , Goonies , and some relaxation . 
TONITE tonite TONIIIIYITE OHHOOOoooooooo ! [ playing ' Sin City ' in NoDa . come out . get bombed . shake it one time ] 
Holy crap what a good time ! Oustanding show at City Tavern last nite . I love that place !!! And it loves us ! 
FORE !!! Annual golf tournament with Dad in the morning ! Tee boxes , Greens , clubs , and KILTS ! Playing the game the way it started . REGIMENTAL !!! [ And don't forget : Show tomorrow nite at 8pm @ Flipflops . Last < PROPMALE > County show for a few months , so come on out you locals ! ] 
