has been sitting on a couch for a very long time . 

had a pretty crazy dream last night ... 
There's a city of dilusion , greed Its pulse radiates in order to please Be wary of the force it exudes Just lay back and try to lose 
just got his hair cut ... REALLY short 
is enjoying Gardetto's at < PROPMALE>'s house ... sippin on da sizzurp 
nothing today really worked out 
am i the only one that really doesn't give a shit about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? 
wants to go discin ' 
bored ... wait , WAIT ! nope still bored 
Wnana konw smohintg irstenetng ? It deos nat mtetar werhe you put the lrtstes , as lnog as they satrt and end wtih the nroaml ltstres , you can siltl raed tehm . 
fruity pebbles 
had a crazy , crazy dream last night 
Music is your only friend , dance on fire as it intends , music in your only friend , until the end , until the end ... 
in mankato ... 
Goin ' to the < PROPFEMALE > Isle in a bit ... ;) 
at the apple store ... man these computers suck :P 
Woooo ! no work for the rest of the week , good thing im kinda sick , i guess 
is broke as a joke 
Does it look like July outside ? wtf ? 
Vodka + Meade = Vomit 
< PROPFEMALE > snaps bitch 
wants some sunshine , just so I can feel it in my skin , warm up my mind . Sometimes you gotta give in to win , I love it when it shines . Let it shine . 
Hot glass contains the mess , my right contains a frozen desk . Coming from the other side , I hold a torch that brings the light . The cloud breathes rain and cool air , without it my mind can stare ... Across the room and to the curb , where this story shares 
You will rue the day you messed with ... YVGENNY MIRMINSKY . 
tea . zen . 
phone doesn't work , what am i gonna do today ? 
In the world I see - you are stalking elk through the damp canyon forests around the ruins of Rockefeller Center . You'll wear leather clothes that will last you the rest of your life . You'll climb the wris t-t hick kudzu vines that wrap the Sears Tower . And 
can't wait two years to leave this town . 
finally got himself to start working out again 
fiending ... 
wat 
so ... tired ... 
cmon lets get some tacos 
eats apples 
work ... then cruise ! 
dude ... wait , what ? 
I can't seem to make up my bed , much less my mind . Ill just take another puff to my head and press rewind 
i think im doing all right for 15 year old with a wife and baby . 
mawfuckin chex mix 
powers out ... anyone else ? 
Sitting beside the sun I grip a soft breeze . Taking flight into the cool remnant of a dream , I wait . 
mistaken for closeness , it's just a case of mitosis 
had a dream i went to amsterdam ... its everything i could imagine it would be 
hookah madness 
< pink floyd > 
likes bread 
< PROPFEMALE > nut cheerios , work , get home , blues concert tonight 
wants to buy batman : arkham asylum . cant remember the last time i saw a good superhero game 
cheesey poooooooooofffffsssss 
Goin ' < PROPFEMALE > git som ' gaetor ! 
ya fuckin ' pusscake 
FML 
orange juice float = enjoyment 
\It was so long ago . Sometimes I wonder if it was all just a dream . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > regarding The Beatles " 
University of Minnesota scientists discovered the < PROPFIRST > inside of cannabis that creates THC . Now they can study the chemical , and hopefully , inhibit or accelerate the TCH making process found in the crop . 
Spark up my caffeine and nicotine binge , thats pretty much the pattern of how the day begins ... 
Playing a show tonight , gonna be rockin ' out . Don't be surprised when I puke all over my shoes 
hates waking up late 
eats trail mix 
< Andrew Bird , Cypress Hill , Primus > That's what's on my mind . 
everyone gives kashi cereal a bad rab . fuck , i think its pretty good ... nice and hearty 
0range joose 
is replacing bass strings ... 
had a great day . I'll now reflect , over a bowl of soup . 
coffee . 
what's a song that we should learn ? we need a good cover song . 
woooooo goin to da studio dis ' weekend 
wants to know when the school bon fire is 
whammy 
has insomnia 
hey baby , do you wanna lay down with me ? hey baby , do you wanna lay down by my side ? hey baby , do you wanna lay down with me ? say baby , SAY BABY !? 
kato is almost over , time to rejoin the ranks of fuckin ' rockford 
I've got my top hat , cane , pocket full o ' miracles . Pocket full o ' miracles , pocket full o ' miracles ... dooo doo doooo doo 
Please check out our band's myspace and listen to our music ! it is at .... Myspace.com/midwestassembly .... We are also playing a show at the Vault in Buffalo on Dec . 11th , so BE THERE 
the debate of ball kicking ensues ... 
later whammy . what would be a cool effect for a bass ? I'm asking you ! 
I need to go back to school ... 
The OFFICIAL poll : Who do you think will win ? The mutha-fuckin ' VIKES . Or , the fannypackers 
had a horrible dream that my bass withered away 
maybe i'll go walk my dog 
haven't been this bored in a while . i'm kinda diggin this 
chillin wit mah woman 
c'mon let this actually be the car i get ... 
< PROPFEMALE > consistency , flowing fortress of the unknown . Causing the laughter of seven ages , left untouched until prevoked . By the will of the Earth this element churns inside my mind , unaware of its home . / deep lol 
WW2 in HD . Watch it 
steak and eggs and eggs and steak , that's what you should have for breakfast . I GOT IT 
I haaAAAaaaave < PROPFIRST > WOODS ! 
noodle , noodle , noodle 
got some o ' them St. < PROPFIRST > infirmary blues ... 
Social contrast . Public dispute . Inductive reasoning . Society , in it's wisdom and grace , rapes the mind of the weak and oblivious . Go to your homes and pray . Become the final piece . 
: dbagsmile : 
headbands ......... 
hmm , onions seem to help with sore throats ... my god 
orange cat on my lap 
iz drinkin ' on dat theraflu ! 
* additonal generic thanksgiving comment * 
rolling stone is such a shitty magazine now . Guess who's on the cover ? that fucker from twilight .... wtf 
we're jammin ' , jammin ' , jammin ' . I hope you like jammin ' too . 
can't ... sleep ... 
tortilla chips ,, cheez-its 
i jus ' want da papers 
sup /b/ 
chicken sandwich ? 
Bathed Gunnar : Portrait of a Happy Dog 
ugh 
The worst part of winter : Not the cold , not the snow , but the fact that the skin on my hands turns to crusted , < PROPFEMALE > glass . 
Are you fucking kidding me ?! 
doo doo doo 
mankato bound ... then coming right back ... good 4 hour drive ? 
jammin was a little strenuous today . 
Midwest Assembly : This Sunday at the Vault , Buffalo MN . $5.00 at the door . Bring a friend , get crunk , do the safety dance . 
is dreading the christmas shopping . 
Our band Midwest Assembly is playing at The Vault in Buffalo TOMORROW , and doors open at 7 p.m. The Steez and Mister Fister are the bands joining us . Tickets are roughly $5-7 . Please Come !!! 
meh 
is very happy to see more people with poke'mon pictures , keep it up . 
SAMURAI < PROPFIRST > IS ON !!! 
Assassin's Creed 2 is da shiiit 
Last night ... Whoa . 
late start . my alarm clock isn't powerful enough 
FML : just borrowed LFD2 from a < PROPMALE > ... and last night i get the red ring of death ... fuckin great 
is knee deep in hookah . 
I know what it feels like to breathe underwater . Thanks to my mind's eye . 
Late night PB & J 
' s bloody nose . 
I'm not one to waste a bag of trail mix . 
Post Ice Fishing Tournament . 
is 17 . 
these eggs are so good !!! 
waiting for the pizza we ordered 
free coffee ?! why thats preposterous ! 
Fuck religion . Fuck it hard . 
cuuuuureal 
It's not delivery , it's pizza ! 
i think i might make some oatmeal . the good shit . 
thinks he was just ditched :/ 
this new facebook is messing with me 
FRUIT BY THE FOOOT !!! 
In that place they call ... Mankato . 
Home . With soup . 
Cat . On lap . 
ahh a good night's sleep . and its all thanks to the books at my local library 
Coffee . Sweet , sweet nectar . 
just yawned so hard he drooled . 
Ahh orange juice 
< PROPMALE > and the jets ! beh-beh-beh < PROPMALE > and the jets ! < PROPMALE > ! < PROPMALE > ! bennnnyyyy aannnd the jeeetttssss 
64-46 was my number ! Right now , somebody else has that number ! neh-nah nah nah nah-nah !!!!! 
dont go to chatroulette , the addiction !!! 
Oh , uhh hold on ... What ? 
raisin bran on the side 
Coffee + MF DOOM = Pretty good afternoon . 
Spring Break showed up kinda late . 
Well , sleeping looks a little out of the question ... 
is playing the waiting game .... 
ahhhhh a good sandwhich 
ahh good workout today 
Oh masterful < PROPMALE > ! < PROPMALE > of Canines , Lord of the Sea ! 
Perspective ... 
A ? -D ? -G ? -C ? -E ? -A ?... Mmmm , 3 steps . 
' s six pack is imminent :D 
strawberrzzz . 
After my 3rd attempt , this oatmeal is now edible . 
late night domino'z 
in da morn ' , eatin ' da crounch .... cereal that is . 
gaaahhh . 10 hour day of work ... oh yeah , money . 
hotel room in grand marais . the experience ! 
spongebob 
Final night in the Marais . Time to bust out the 3-2 . 
hmm i think i get it now ... yeah . 
CORN CHEESE AND BROCCOLI !!! 
Carrots : Deliciousness wrapped in a convenient , yet stimulating orange decor . 
The thermostat was at 57 degrees !!! craziness ... 
down in the shop-doo-wop-doo-wop . we took a shot-doo-wop-doo-wop . and tooka trip down south .... 
2 ice cubes ? yeah , that's good . 
I love coffee ... But i wonder if it feels the same about me . 
the night hunger !! i might as well accept that im going to have heartburn when i turn 20 . 
Decaf ?! This is an outrage ! Gawl ! 
The news is so fuckin ' stupid . Quit talking about Kick-Ass , nobody cares . 
And in the end ... The love you take , is equal to the love you make . 
We were not founded as a christian nation ! Deism ftw 
need ... to do .... LAUNDRY ! 
one bad orange . give it one more try ... 
. coffee . 
snow machine ? it's called a snowmobile 
Fitness ! 
Breakfast must never be eaten at breakfast time . 
Wants a Stoat as a pet . Google it , and you'll understand . 
playin a show tonight . got a goooood feelin about it 
Muse . Target Center . October . Look like I don't have to fly to Europe . 
Lipids assist in the structure , energy storage and control of celluar processes !!! wooo !! Insoluable in water !!! woo ! 
sleep ... anytime now ... 
Why does yogurt have a weird feminine image ? It's a superfood ! Men , continue eating your yogurt ... 
Dark side of the , what ? Oh , < PROPFEMALE > ? Got it . Well , wait , what does the album look like ? 
CAT JUST FUCKIN ' DRAGGED A DEAD BABY BIRD INTO THE LIVING ROOM . 
well , bored . 
To coffee , or not not to coffee ...? 
eggs . spinach . 
really wants to go on a trip . Chicago ? Nashville ? 
Whamola . 
is slowly realizing what he wants to do with his life ... 
werk . 
eye boogers 
made mah own orange < PROPMALE > 
pb and j ... on a hotdog bun 
Infallible hierarchy percieved only through stained glass . Raging hills of liquid dust verify the want for a systematic renewal , a signed contract of life . Nations fall without warning , apprehensive to the inevitable . 
. . . . . . 
show this saturday . good time for some sweet , sweet nothing . 
Breeze just brought in the smell of our Lilacs ... Ah , nature . 
apples . peanut butter . plate . 
hmmm maybe ill just go for a walk ... 
I've got attention deficet , I've got the bedroom eyes\ 
\ 
I've the storms in my head , I've got my telephone voice\ 
I've got to make a decision of whether I live or die\ 
I'd rather just run cuz either way it's one hell of a choice 
mosquito just bit my neck . fuuuuuuuuu- 
Interesting night ... Time to shower . 
So , know those jet streams we see everyday in the sky ? Those white cloud-like streaks left behind by a jet ? It's actually aluminum , paper waste , and variations of chemicals . Our government uses this as a way to reflect sunlight away from Earth . They're called Chemtrails , and every year , nearly 100-200 metric tons of aluminum is dumped into the air , and onto the Earth , where it is absorbed by plants , animals , and Us . 
annnnnnnnnnd ... ice cream 
After much indecision , I , shall now go to Soundset . 
soundset ? i think so 
Ah , Quickturn ... We meet again . 
no work tomorrow .... aw yeah 
Dinner : Blueberry Puff Pancakes , with a side of hot Aunt Jemima . Followed by a full serving of 4 Tombstone pizza slices . And , finally , a chocolate malt . 
Midwest Assembly is playing the Rockford Senior Grad party tonight , should be a good time . And congratulations to all them senior's , this one's for you . 
smuuthie 
im a breakfast person 
is cooking vegetables . Word . 
Midwest Assembly will be in the studio all of this week . A CD is on it's way ... 
Taste of Minnesota ' 10 : Atmosphere , P.O.S. , Heiruspecs , Pepper , 311 , and The Offspring . Gawdamn 
2 ! Count ' em , 2 , cats on my lap ! 
time for a walk 
Show in Lakeville today , apparently at this huge house ... Oh yeah ... WITH A JACUZZI 
another day , another day , another day , another day , another day , another day , another day , another day , another day , another day , another day ... 
ah some cool people for once 
Mosquito just bit me on the bottom of my foot . I don't think I've experienced that before . 
steak and eggs and eggs and steak ! 
Intense game of Super smash bros . 22 stock ... 
sizzurp 
There's a slight < PROPMALE > of sleeping in a car tonight . 
' s cat is on ecstacy . 
ahh 12 hour day of work . paint will never defeat thee 
My kinda sandwich : Toasted bun / Mustard / Turkey / Onions / AVOCADO / Fried Egg / Spinach / Butter / Toasted bun 
I drink coffee , therefore , I am . 
My ideas of Science and Religion are going through a curious melding . A sort of , molecular spiritualization . Dark matter echos through these church walls . A godlike lifeform will be revealed in the deepest chasm of the cosmos . 
gonna go get some ALL YOU CAN EAT sushi . 
Double complete rainbow , all the way . 
I'm sorry cannabis , it's not you , it's me . I think we need some time apart . 
Boopmickoop 
I might walk the dog after this cereal . 
fuckin ' great time at valley fair today . get home ... what's this ?! pizza on the kitchen counter !? glorious . 
Ok , people who play guitar : Should i get a steel string acoustic , or a nylon classical ? I wanna learn a lot of classical style guitar . But , I kinda wanna stick to steel strings . Any body have any suggestions for a good acoustic ? 
Inception ... Holy . Fuck . 
If a person was born deaf , then what language do they think in ? And for that matter , if someone is born blind , what do they see in dreams ? 
Hidden Beach today , got burnt . ~ Hidden Beach , MN 
last.fm is a pretty good website 
one A/C-less drive to mankato , comin up ! 
is craving beach . 
Ren and Stimpy was , is , and , forever will be hilarious . 
I wanna devise a virus to bring dire straits to your environments . Crush your corporations with a mild touch ... Trash your whole computer system and revert you to papyrus ! 
Food Groups : < PROPFEMALE > , doughnuts , Pizza Combo's , and Domino's . 
Would you rather ... Be able to instantly master any instrument you pick up ? Or , be able to speak every language fluently ? 
Start the day with coffee . Then , proceed North , where I will find my niche in the trees . 
back home , back to this . 
I suck cause I don't want to < PROPFEMALE > out with my sister . 
Fuck yeah . 
Coffee saturated soul . 
The only way out , is through . 
Foot doesn't work too well . Stubbed my pinky toe to oblivion . 
tortilla sunrise 
So much pizza last night ... But it was worth it . 
oes one even make his won thing when ity vomes to te whole im jusgt < PROPFEMALE > aperson thing 
Flies ? Bites ? Flies that bite ?! Not fucking cool . 
Consider again the season you called a friend . When it has come and gone , embrace the event of the winter's song . A cool breeze replaces my smile with a grin , as I know that next year I\ll be doing it again . " 
FLCL . I loved that show . Cosmic robot fighting ? Check . Interstellar music references ? Check . Bass guitars as weapons ? Fuck yes . 
And with each foot you fall , the voice in your head starts to sound more and more like yours . 
Living on red peppers , cocaine and milk . 
Superman had come to town to see who he could rock ! He blew away every crew he faced until he reached our block ! His speakers were 3 stories tall with woofers made of steel ! And when we boys sit outside he said , \Wikki wikki wikki . Shut up ! \"" 
needs to get tickets . For concerts . 
got muse tickets 
popcorn . get it while it's hot . 
found a really nice old discraft yesterday at the plymouth course . forgot to mention it on here . 
You can't imagine how much fun we're having . 
ice cream sandwich 
Relaxation . Sedation . Satisfaction . 
annnnnnnd sanitize ! 
What's on my mind ? Someone else ... 
I remember a lot less of last night than I thought . Success . Oh yeah , we have a show tonight with Mister Fister . Wash , rinse , repeat . 
Seein ' Muse today . 
is in the lap of luxury . 
I'm taking this opportunity to say : Stop fucking being so depressed on here , people . Your not deep , thoughtful or special . Your life is fucking fine the way it is . Your on your computer , on Facebook , so your automatically more fortunate than millions of other people . Maybe learn to think ahead , stop problems before they start , and learn that the only reason we wanna help , is because you might just shut up if we do . 
imitation cheerios 
A carrot . 
My mom finally knows of my tattoo . That's the whole family now . Success ; everyone likes it . 
What's with all these girls sticking their tongues out in pictures ? What happened to the classic duck-faced myspace whore pics ? 
7 days , 2 grouse , 1 duck and 20+ < PROPMALE > of canoeing later ... I have concluded the Boundary Waters as my new home away from home . 
My cat is a gladiator . 
If I'm going trick or treating , should i shave ? I want to make sure I'm getting < PROPFEMALE > . 
Preheated oven . Now ... Is hour of the pizza . 
Brain Cells Devastated . 
FUCKIN ' EPIC SANDWICH . 
In an effort to re-evaluate my relationship with this day of the week , I foresee a dog walking this afternoon . 
Soup . 
Fable 3 ruins lives . 
Need ... Tattoos ... 
Coffee and Nachos . 
WOOOOOOOO ! i haven't even left the house today and i've had a great one . 
I've got the \my coffee pot is slow as hell\ " blues . " 
Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Cheesecake ? Are you fucking kidding me ? 
Where is this poke'mon pictures memo ? 
Everything I like is either illegal , immoral , fattening , addictive , expensive or impossible . 
Cold coffee and classical music . A bitter sting . Intoxicating . Spreading through my bones . An old friend , to whom we will all return . I am listening to it now . The voice of stars . 
waaaAAAAATTTtttteeerrr 
Playing the Who's Got Talent competition at the High School later . Then ... DOOMTREE BLOWOUT . 
Midwest Assembly won the adult category's first place award at the ' Who's Got Talent ' competition in Rockford . 
Tread in these black waters , under this crescent sun . 
Tickets for Midwest Assembly at The Depot Coffee House in Hopkins , Wed . Dec . 22nd , are now on sale for only $5 . Interested ? Contact me , < PROPMALE > Muhich , or < PROPFIRST > Miller for a ticket . 
I don't care if you love me or you hate me , just come check out the show , and travel back home safely . 
Thanks to everyone who came to see our brief spree of shows . And now , there is only time to book more . 
Wearing shorts around the house . This sucks . 
Makin ' popcorn . Butter procedure . 
I'm going to use this opportunity and post an unusually depressing status . This fuckin ' sucks . Mind and heart are unbalanced . At least I won't resort to religious help . 
wants everything in life to smell like coffee beans . 
is re-considering his opinion on astrology . 
Oh , religious people ... 
Holy shit ... I'm wearing a snuggie . 
Orange Juice ... High pulp . DEAL WITH IT . 
Sandwich < PROPMALE > . 
needs to make a run to cheapo . 
Digging the moonlight . 
Real eyes realize real lies . 
Information . Goes down smooth . 
I slipped off my shoes and walked into the woods . I felt lost and found with every step I took . 
My cat is so messed up this morning . 
I need help people . I'm looking for a song . No clue who the artist is . But , the song itself , is the rapper going through the process of making the song . Ring any bells ? 
Feed the drum . 
This is a great feeling ; Facebook is really losing its charm . Oh , social networking , you're so stupid . 
Currently reading \The Crossing\ " . A solid 450 pages of splendor . " 
This banana is < PROPMALE > . 
I feast on a breakfast fit for Zeus . 
There is much cat on my lap . 
School/420chan . Oh , innernette . 
I don't have enough apples . 
Every moment of authentic play is a blow to hierarchic power . 
Wild as a turkey . 
So ... How is this not just like any other day ? 
< PROPMALE>'s java . 
Spending the night in coca cola/ron diaz soaked pants makes for an uncomfortable morning . Happy Easter ! 
Just picked up another < PROPFIRST > Bird's Bowl of Fire CD . Phenomenal . 
So ... What's the plan tonight ? 
herp derp < PROPFEMALE > outside derp 
Today I saw a flower . I had a feeling there would be another ; one in the winter time and one in the summer . 
