no more pokemon ! 

I NOW HAVE THE COMPLETE SERIES OF BOY MEETS WORLD . HELL YES 
has been at the lake doing family stuff , and will be till sunday . 
why do Ra Ra Riot and Blink 182 have to play on the same night ? this isn't fair . oh . and I'm home early . 
can officially get into R rated movies . Woo ! 
thanks everyone . you guys make me feel special : D 
had an eventful day . < PROPFIRST>'s car's now totaled , my hand's in a cast and I got to ride in an ambulance . can't say that I've never been in a car accident or had a broken bone anymore 
has to have surgery on Tuesday . Using only my left hand for the next four weeks is going to be hell 
If you walk away , I'll walk away First tell me which road you will take I don't want to risk our paths crossing someday So you walk that way , I'll walk this way 
survived Propofol ! in you face < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! oh and my hand survived surgery too 
cannot wait to get out of this house 
would for once welcome change 
got my cast off ! I'm free ! 
fear and loathing in Disney World 
someone should make a criminal sketch of me . 
BRAND NEW ! yay ! 
is going to see < PROPMALE > tonight ! woo ! 
< PROPMALE > was awesome ! maylene and the sons of disaster almost killed me , I got stuck in the middle of one of the craziest mosh pits I've ever seen . badass . 
:( 
jesus christ what did you do those three days you were dead ? ' cause this problem's gonna last more than the weekend 
take me away 
sushi ^_^ 
senior pictures . whoopie . 
This scar is a fleck on my porcelain skin , You tried to reach deep but you couldn't get in , And now you're outside me you see all the beauty , Repent all your sin . 
oh my god I cannot figure out winplot/advanced grapher 
1 hr later , I have figured out winplot . WTG 
I do believe it's true , That there are roads left in both of our shoes . But if the silence takes you , Then I hope it takes me too . So brown eyes I'll hold you near , Cuz you're the only song I want to hear ; A < PROPFEMALE > softly soaring through my atmosphere . Where soul meets body 
half done with my essay already . this isn't right , usually I don't start till 10 . better go watch a movie : D 
i your loved one committed suicide while taking epilepsy drugs , call 1-800LAWFIRM 
someone excite me 
get me a new computer . 
goodbye hair . it was nice knowing you . 
this is gonna take some getting used to 
just got raped by a calc test :( 
If you cut me I suppose I would bleed the colors of the evening stars . You can go anywhere you wish cause I'll be there , wherever you are 
ACT !!!!! WOOO I'M SO EXCITED !!!!!! 
I'm so tired . that was one of the worst soccer games ever . 
Do you miss the bland colors she left in your black and white field ? Do you feel condemned , just for being there ? 
new albums from muse and brand new . I'm so happy : ) 
awa today . be jealous . 
the future hangs over our heads And it moves with each current event Until it falls all around like a cold , steady rain Just stay in when it's looking this way 
not doing too well . 
is Ms. Sunshine . 
NO SCHOOL !!!!! WOOOO !!!!!!!!!! 
niagra falls is in my backyard ..... 
Sometimes I think this cycle never ends . We slide from top to bottom and we turn and climb again 
nostalgia . 
my chest hurts < not good . 
alll these squaking birds won't quit , builiding nothing , laying bricks 
definitely looking forward to leaving . could this year go faster please ? 
snow patrol tonight ! 
Somehow everything I own smells of you And for the tiniest moment it's all not true 
I hate writing . 
loves her new spheal , totodile has a friend ! 
BLINK 182 TOMORROW ! OH EM GEE !!!! 
I'm not sure wat the trouble was that started all of this . The reasons all have run away , but the feeling never did . It's , not something i would recommend , but it is one way to live . 
my tummy's angry :( 
calculus :'( 
hopes I didn't screw up my seemingly easy calc project 
cool my sound's not working on my computer 
wants a lover I don't have to love 
Garden State was amazing - one of my new favorite movies 
calc midterm . fml 
and still it stands , the question not how begin again , but rather why ? 
I feel really happy ! I need to run more often 
as soon as I start to feel happy I get in a wreck . fml 
is anyone going to see the used sunday ? I need someone to go with or someone to sell my ticket to . like seriously anyone 
happy halloween ! 
Is it in you now , to watch the things you gave your life to broken ? And stoop and build them up , with worn-out tools . 
BRAND NEW !!!! 
so brand new was incredible , and now I'm off to visit Athens , where I may potentially be living for 4 years . 
meh 
I don't make a very good babysitter 
your name's not < PROPFIRST > you're not coming in 
I get my car back today !!!! WOOO ! 
has been spending my time thinking about why I think so much . If there was ever a time , now would be the time to see my time here is limited 
feeling artsy 
I finished my first painting outside of school . hooray ! 
before you put my body in the cold ground , take some time to warm it with your hands , before it's coming to an end 
I spent 4 hours in court to talk to some guy for about a minute only to find out I have to go again in a month and most likely lose my license . good day . 
one more annotated bib to go . I do not need sleep ! 
Raichu you will be missed : ( 
get to keep my license !!! woo ! I'm nt cursed afterall 
bend over UGA , you're my bitch now . 
really wants to go see muse !!!!! 
my heart is yours to fill or burst , to break or bury , or wear as jewelry , which ever you prefer . 
NEW LAPTOP ! and so much chocolate I got diabetes just from looking at it . 
DDR ! I just found out I've had a gym membership for the past month . wtf mom ? 
I want Mr. Feeny to be my teacher . 
I wanna leave the house but I don't wanna die . how're the roads ? 
I'm going to break the internet 
I can't sleep . I feel really shitty . I'm sorry . 
it's not hard to fall when you float like a cannonball . 
just woke up . Finally I can sleep ! 
I'm so happy . < PROPFIRST>'s the best : ) 
J.D. Salinger died . what a phony :P sorry , that book's overrated imo 
I think the cannoli I just ate impregnated me 
physics makes us all it's bitches 
perfection . 
I made an < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!! 
may possibly be the worst blood donor ever but an hour and all the veins on both arms later I did it 
all day ? 
we're fated to pretend 
woke up at 3 . my parents were worried about me lol 
won an organic gift basket ! woo ! 
oh my gay I NEED MONEY/job 
darling , I don't know how to tell you this , but there's a chinese family in our bathroom 
heute ist Pennertag 
schools should allow student tea time 
new pokemon !!! YES 
never has anything interesting to share . 
buy NOW 33 featuring SO MANY hot current music artists ! 
NO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! COHEED IS PLAYING THE SAME NIGHT AS PROM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! F MY LIFE !!!!!!!!!! 
my fortune cookie was empty . now that's unfortunate . 
why do girrrlsss like to type like thisssss ? do they have siezures when they're typing ? 
chik-fil-a milkshakes cannot cure strep throat . take note . They do , however , taste damn good 
for the first time , my parents didn't make me go to church on Easter ! I do like wearing my flowery dresses though ... 
Of Montreal is super duper . thank you wolf-lady < PROPFEMALE > ! 
ST . SIMONS ISLAND !!! 
ugh so many facebook suggestions . why're there so many people ? where do they come from ? 
witnessed death in my arms . 
At least one thing's different 
my belly is exploding . bad pizza . bad cheese . no more 
got the cutest < PROPFEMALE > ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
let the fun times begin . oh boy 
has had an extremely bipolar week . at least i'm going through the up-swing now 
organic milk is the shit 
My Beauty Supreme , yeah you were right about me . Can I get myself back from underneath this guilt that will crush me ? 
no lies , just love 
my laziness is going to make me sick like the chick in Diary from licking paint 
sucks 
I'm looking in on the good life I might be doomed never to find . Without a trust or flaming fields am i too dumb to refine ? 
you ain't got no soul power 
got a DROID !!!! I'm so pumped !!! 
I'm a big girl now ! NOT A BABY 
it's embarrassing to need someone like I do you , how can I explain I need you here and not here too 
I am now scar from the lion < PROPMALE > ! my doggy disagreed with me : ( 
OGLETHORPE BITCHES !!! 
coffee jelly :) 
I finally beat banjo-kazooie !!!!!!!!! it only took me 10 years ! 
I hate all the groups that you have to like in order to see them . I don't want to like shit , but I'd like see what I would be liking : ( 
has been sitting on the couch watching tv on my laptop for 5 hours . oh my god I'm bored . 
passion pit tonight !!! even though ticketmaster failed to deliver me my tickets >:( . now i have to go to will call 
Walked into criminal records before passion pit to find them playing a free live acoustic set . Hell yes 
family reunion . be back monday 
BASEBALL 
My\ 
boyfriend < PROPFIRST > and his friend are looking for a roommate or two to \ 
share a cheap house in Home Park right next to Tech . and minutes away \ 
from State and Scad . He wants me to help him find anyone \ 
in the area I may know , so if you're interested message him or me . \ 
They're going to look at the place tomorrow so contact one of us asap . 
2-2 ! woo !!! go US !!!! Thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
I HAVE SEEN WHAT LIES WITHIN ... THE BIRTHDAY BAG 
Thank yous are complete . So I'm thinking about getting colors in my hair like in my profile picture again . I'm pretty sure I want purple , but I can probably get 2 colors . What do you suggest ? 
The bermudagrass used for the world cup in South Africa was developed by a UGA student . thank you turf grass management majors ! 
is a pro smoothie maker 
status about the gym and how much exercise I do 
WHERE'S < PROPFIRST > ?! 
of montreal at variety playhouse ? FUCK YES 
ATL for the weekend with out my cell phone ! Feel free to leave me happy messages for when I get back :D 
Life forces enough final decisions on us . We should have the sense to avoid as many of the unecessary ones as possible . 
AP stuff in the mail . three 5s and a 3 . and I'm actually sorta bummed :/ I'm sorry Ms. Dye I've failed you ! 
gone to the lake . be back Thursday ! 
had fun at the lake and am now anxiously waiting to leave Kennesaw again :) TWIGGY HERE I COME ! 
Orientation . Sitting around trying to find something to do in the Athens heat . Can I not bark like a bulldog please ? 
Went AWOL and ditched my last skit at UGA then went to take a shower and got locked out of my room . Great first college experience . Thanks RA . 
Chagrin falls with twiggy ! FINALLY :D 
I'm not going to end up like THAT guy . I'll just try it once 
Nothing to do for my last day in kennesaw 
all moved in . COLLLEGE . < imagine some douchebag uga party bro saying that . 
Me shoving food into a container at the Oglethorpe dining hall with some dudes staring at me : It's not all for me I swear ! I'm not a fatass hoarder\ 
Some Dudes ( clapping ): No we're not judging we're really impressed . You're doing what we all want to do . \ 
\ 
unlimited food supply = you're welcome < PROPFIRST > 
UGA mail fucking sucks . 
in shock . RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
what a couple of days ! Life can I please have a moment to step back ? 
thanks cleaning lady for waking me up for class 
was I asleep ? had I slept ? 
Weekend in Athens . OMG ! 
might give swimming a try ! 
I fucking love the pert formula ! It just saved my life ! Take that precalc credit test ! 
had a little mishap with the liquid laundry detergent . Pro : our room smells like soup . Con : No matter how I try to clean the spot soap suds endlessly come out of the floor . 
So many ppl . so much red and black . I'm proud to be part of the 5% of ppl not sporting bulldog gear . 
had a pretty awesome weekend and needs to appreciate it . 
Murder kroger how I've missed thee 
< PROPFEMALE > castles holy moly ! 
You could fit so many chicken tenders in that hat ! 
hooray for four lokos , ninja turtles and of montreal ! 
an oriental slumber party bomb exploded my room . can we do this every night ? 
It might sound silly\ 
for me to think childish thoughts like these , but i'm so tired of actin ' tough and i'm gonna do what I please 
Officially an < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! Emphasis in ceramics :) 
tell me < PROPFEMALE > now when did you last let your heart decide ? 
Noise complaint . Names taken hell yes 
if everything was so perfect back then , I don't understand why we can't let it stay that way . 
I like it on my bedpost 
\I don't think I could get a dog because I have a beard\ " - < PROPFIRST > buterbaugh " 
Log on to oasis and vote ! No to the smoking ban and yes on the SGA amendment . Vote or die . 
97 on my first college Midterm . yeah , I'm cool 
I <3 edamame dip 
if you wanna go , get lost ! If you wanna stay , SHUT UP ! 
hooray for beard month ! 
ATTN EVERYONE : get off your ass , put down your beer/four loko w/e your preference , and GO VOTE TOMORROW ! 
the act becomes the < PROPMALE > of growing up 
i am a poopyhead 
QUICK SHUT THE WINDOWS DON'T LET THE BABY SEEDS/BUMS IN ! and if you chose to keep your windows open at least use a screen for christ's sake 
English is the bane of my existence . Even though this is the last English class I'll ever have , still it hangs around after I've completed all of my other finals to torture me for a few more hours :( 
hey guys I moved . I believe that's status worthy 
all A's facebook ! hooray ! 
AND I am now in the honors program ! double hooray ! 
CHREEESTMAS ! 
