Happy New Years Everyone !!!! 

Tryin to figure this out , lol . Don't go on here much 
tryin to keep my head up and not listen to all the BS !!!!!! Hopeing these next 2 weeks go faster than the spped of light ..... if possible , lol 
Tired of all the bs and drama ! I'm a damn GOOD MOTHER and a GOOD PERSON !!!! I'm not perfect and never claimed to be so before you start pointing fingers make sure your hands are clean !!!! One finger and I'm out cause YOU ain't even worth two !!!!! 
Looks like the kids and I are going to be staying at a motel for a couple of weeks untill we move into our own place . Can you believe his dad is disowning him and kicking me and the kids out tomorrow !!!!!! WOW ....... Some people ...... I'm speechless , but more than happy to get out of here !! 
At home with my boys 
Kids are in bed ........ Do you hear that ? Me niether , it's quiet ! I'm missing my fiance like crazy , but he'll be home for Christmas !!! 
? Missin my love ? At home with my boys ? 
Just another lonely night 
Mmmm Coffee 
Writing something cause my fiance told me too , lol 
Just another ordinary day at home with my boys . 
< PROPFIRST > and I have decided to have the wedding in Syracuse so if you would like an invite please message me with your address . The wedding is July 10 2010 and invites are getting sent out soon . 
Anyone who would like an invite to our wedding please message me your address . It's on July 10 , 2010 in Syracuse . 
All I want for Christmas is YOU !!!!! And YOU know who you are !!!! 
Wishing everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
It's a lazy Sunday . We got alot to do tomorrow 
Cleaning up the house while jammin to some music 
DON'T DRINK & DRIVE AND DON'T RIDE WITH ANYBODY WHO DOES !!!! \ 
Tipsy Tow offered by AAA : You don't have to be a AAA member , from 6pm-6am on New Years Eve/Day they will take you and your car home for FREE . Save this number 1-800-222-4357 . PLEASE repost this if you don't mind . Have a Happy & SAFE New Years . Everyone !! 
Happy New Year ! Be safe but most important .... HAVE FUN !!!!! Lol . Here's to new beginnings and memories ! 2011 Whoo Hoo !!! Yeah , Ima lil tipsy , lmao ! 
Relaxin , kids are in bed . Waiting for my love to call me <3 
Prestons doc appt . today . I can't wait to see how much he has grown ! I'm pretty sure it's time to retire the infant car seat !!!! They grow so fast , only 2 1/2 months and he'll be 1 year old ! 
< PROPMALE > is 19lbs 12 oz and 27 3/4 inches tall . 
WE GOT SNOW !!!!! AND LOTS OF IT !!!! 
God help me cause I'm seein RED !!!! I feel so betrayed !!! I wish my man was home , I could use his shoulder and comfort ! 
The Wedding is posponed until futher notice . A situation has come up that we need to deal with before hand . 
We are still getting married but we've decided to go to Syracuse first and find possible locations and everything else , lol So don't worry people everything is fine !!!!! Btw no set date yet . 
I have started college ! Only one more day of orientation . I feel so productive and proud !!! 
Whoohoo , done with my college orientation !!!!! 
Happy Valentines Day ! 
Back to school , another orientation class for 3 weeks then finally starting my actual classes !!! Life is good , my man is home , kids are healthy , no financial burdens at this time . I got a new vacuum , whoohoo !!! lol 
Yay ! My man is enrolled in school !!! I'm so proud of you baby :o ) Now we're both in school .... Can we get a HELL YEAH !!!!! 
The house is clean , chillin for a bit then it's time to make dinner ........ yummy homemade tacos 
IT IS SO BEAUTIFUL OUTSIDE !!! < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland was AWSOME !!!! 
Life is SWEET !!!!! 
Today is < PROPMALE>'s 1st Birthday !!!!! 
Just uploaded pics of Prestons bday , check'em out ! 
Just chillin , bored ........ it's raining . 
< PROPMALE>'s Doc appt . soon , then school work , dinner , shows , more school work , then finally bed . 
Watched New < PROPFEMALE > and 2012 last night , I thought both were awesome ! Can't wait for Eclipse .... yeah yeah yeah ... I'm one of those , LOL !!! 
Tonight ...... \Old Dogs\ " and \ " The Time Travelers Wife\ " . I love redbox ! " 
Gotta do my school work for the day . 
Some people are stupid , some are ignorant , and others are to stupid to know they are ignorant ! WOW !!!!! People never cease to amaze me . 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU 
Home sweet home , spent the day cleaning the house , tomorrow I need to get back on the ball with school . 
Going to bed ...... which should have been 2 hours ago , lol 
Good night everyone 
Having an okay day I guess .......... this is the best it can be I suppose . 
Can this day get any worse ?! Please don't answer that ! LOL 
My < PROPFEMALE > is makin fried chicken strips and < PROPMALE > n cheese ! I'm gettin fat tonight , lol . 
Done with school work , time to unwind with pineapple orange goodness !!! 
Very upset right now ! I will never understand people . So tired of people being fake , the lies , and the attitudes !!!! 
Leaving for Syracuse in 2 days !!! Yes you all read that right , lol . Please don't tell my grandma because it's a surprise . 
We are on our way !!! See ya at about 2pm 
Yay ! Only 2 More hours to go , so excited !!! 
Happy spending time with my family . 
On our way home :o ( It`s always good to go home , but I hate Kentucky . 
Home , not feeling so hot today ..... I hope I'm not getting sick . 
Tired of being stuck in this rut ! Life shouldn't be so blah . I need to get a job asap and get the hell outta this state ........ both KY and this state of mind . College is on hold for now . 
Wishing I didn't eat so much ...... so full !!! UGH 
Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful dads ! 
The story of our life ........ 
HOT TUB TIME MACHINE WAS FREAKIN AWESOME !!! MY NEW FAVORITE MOVIE . I wish I could do that in real life . 
Excited for tomorrow ! Gonna have lots of fun with the kids !!! Have a great 4th of July everyone . 
is so tired that if < PROPFIRST > Depp turned up at her door naked with a < PROPFEMALE > between his teeth , she'd offer him some PJ's & a cup of cocoa !! Good night :o ) 
Had a good day . Kiddos are in dream land , time for me to relax . 
Stupid app ..... 
press \ like \ " if your family is crazy . " 
I'm so freakin bored , and NOT tired one bit ! What to do , what to do ??? 
At 6 < PROPFEMALE > & 7 sec after 5am on the 8th September this year it will be 05:06:07 08-09-10 . This won't happen again until year 3010 !!! 
URGENT Facebookfriends ..... Posting for a friend of a friend - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... her 22month old son shot himself in the chest with a < PROPMALE > nailer , it went in his heart , he is in critical condition not doing good , neither is mom ~ please start a prayer chain ? Please copy and repost ........ and pray ............ keep it going please . 
I'm so bored ! Kids are asleep , < PROPFIRST > went to bed , and I'm wide awake .... extremely bored !!!! 
I got my fall semester schedule today ! Math , reading , economics , and spanish . I haven't taken these classes in 6-8 years ! This should be fun . 
Whoohoo , Dazed and Confused .... one of my favorite movies is on ! The only thing that sucks is that it's on the tv guide channel . 
I'm lovin this thunderstorm !! It's been awhile ..... I just hoipe we don't lose power . 
I have so many friends and family that I have yet to talk to on here .... so I am asking all of you , How are you ? 
Laundry tomorrow , yay .... not really . But .... YAY for Monday !!! < PROPFIRST > and I go back to school . Tuesday is the open house at Kaden's school , and he starts on the 19 !!! 
Excited and nervous to start school tomorrow . 
First day went great ! I love all my teachers . Tomorrow I have math class ( BOOO ! ) But hopefully that teacher is great too . 
So , we are having a burial tomorrow for < PROPFIRST>'s HTC Hero . He left it on top of the car and drove off , and after spending two hours looking for it .... he found it . The phone is jacked up for real ! Forensic science proves that it was a hit and run . There is red paint on the phone , and the screen is shattered . So sad , so sad :o ( That was a $600 phone ! 
Going to bed . Gotta be up at 6 am and get Kaden ready and off to school !!! 
ATTENTION !!! Do Not join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my Life\ " . It is a group of Pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on FoxNews at 5 . Please copy and post !!! Let's keep our children safe !!!! " 
knows that something better is around the corner , but I just seem to be on one long straight road and my legs are aching now 
I feel hurt , betrayed , and disappointed . There is no fixing or starting over so all I can do is move on . 
I need a reliable car . Please , anyone who knows where I can buy a car for $ 2,000 let me know , thanks 
Time will tell ....... the truth eventually comes out . I have faith in that and when it happens I'll be sayin I KNEW IT !!!!! 
When it rains it pours ... can't catch a break !!! 
I am exhausted and lonely , going to bed . 
WTF !!! 
I will always tell the truth no matter what ! I don't do it for you , I do it for me because I am the one that has to live with myself . 
Great , i broke my computer ....... whatever . goin to bed 
It's so quit here , it's killing me . I know I have to get used to being alone , I'll be alright . I miss my little buggers ! I can't wait till they get home . 
Lmao , ohhh that shit is funny ! 
I DON`T WHAT IT IS WITH A WOMEN WHO JUST BECAME SINGLE , MEN WANT ME FROM EVERYWHERE ! LOL Do I have a single glow ? lmao 
goin to bed . goodnight 
I hope I can make it to school today ... 
When life gets hard don't say WHY ME , say TRY ME !!!! 
Beginning to realize who my true friends are ...... even people I didn't expect . And someone who I thought was my bestfriend is definitly NOT !!!! 
It's been a long day ! So exhausted , goodnight . 
Giving < PROPMALE > a bath then we're gonna walk to the store . After that it's bedtime for the baby , and I think I may go to bed too ..... nothing else to do . I miss my lil man Kaden , he will be home tuesday . 
I should not have taken a nap when < PROPMALE > did . Now I feel more tired than I did this morning ! Ugh .... 
It's a beautiful day and spending it at home with nothing to do ! I can't wait until I get a car . 
I feel like I'm waiting for something that is never going to happen ... * sigh * 
I hope all my family and friends enjoyed their weekend ! Have a great Labor Day !!! 
Lookin HOT and feelin GREAT !!! Confidence is key :o ) 
Okay , I don't feel so hot anymore ... 
I am having one of the worst nights of my life and I have no one's shoulder to cry on . 
I am so embarrassed !!!!! Damn you < PROPFIRST > !!! LMFAO 
My lil man comes home tonight !!!! I miss him so much ! 
Getting ready to go to class ...... 
COPY & POST TO YOUR PROFILE * REGISTERED SEX OFFENDER in Rineyville \ 
following school buses before & after school in a white Dodge < PROPFIRST > # \ 
277-KGX . A white male age 58 brown hair & eyes w/ glasses weighs \ 
around 165 or less & is 5ft . 8in . Convicted of 3 counts of 2cd degree . 
I am excited to see my lil man ! He should be home soon . 
I wish I had a car ...... need to go to the store . 
I had one of the best dreams ever ! I sure hope I meet him in real life !!! He was yummy !!!! 
Going to bed ... 
Done doing the tango with a certain someone .... it's so old and exhausting !!! 
Looks like there will be some deleting here soon .... I'm sure , lol 
Turning the < PROPFEMALE > for good ! That chapter of my life is over . This new chapter is called New Beginnings . 
Had a great weekend with some friends ! 
Today my baby turns 4 years old !!!! Where has the time gone ??? 
i did love you , but then i realized you weren't worth the price i had to pay to keep you ... 
I'm going to be lazy today ..... but first I need to feed the kids lunch , clean the house , go to an appointment , make dinner , do dishes , and homework , lol . 
SEPTEMEBER IS CANCER MONTH : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . 
I am so excited for Wednesday to get here !!!! I am getting a 2009 Mitsubishi Lancer ..... YEAH BABY !!!! 
Thank goodness for programs at school that will bring home your sick child if you cannot . Poor Kaden got sick at school :o ( Something is going around ! I just hope I don't get sick ..... I'm the mommy , and there is no one to take care of me . 
I'm goin through my friends list and the only ones who are safe are my family and TRUE friends . If you are deleted , I have no hard feelings . I'm just tryin to cut the drama outta my life . 
I got my car yesterday ! I will post pics soon .... 
Having a great night with good friends . 
Going to snuggle with my body pillow . Good night <3 
The cleaning NEVER STOPS ! AAAAHHHH !!!! I need to get outta the house . 
Ugh , waking up at 5:30 am is for the birds ........ not me ! Blahhh .... 
Got an early start today ! House is clean ..... for now . Feeling pretty good .... happy actually ! Today is a good day :o ) 
I am so very amused , LMFAO !!! 
I like it on the kitchen table ;o ) 
It took 6 weeks to find out the real truth and guess what ..... My gut feeling was right , I'm not crazy , lol . It stings like the first time , but then again I'm happy and I feel like I can really move on without wondering if I was wrong :o ) 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you HURTyour woman , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing her smile . REPOST THIS , if you're against Domestic Violence ? 
All smiles :o ) Lookin at another apartment today ! 
Had a fun filled day at Hubers Orchard with my family ! Kiddos are in bed , and it's now time for mommy and daddy to relax . Good night everyone . 
Had a good night and it's only gettin better ! 
It's been a looong day to say the least . Packing and moving the next couple of days . I can't wait to be settled in our new CLEAN apartment ! 
Very very busy packing and moving . Thank goodness for good friends to watch the kiddos so we can get all this done !!! 
I hate moving !!! I'm exhausted and it's only 5pm 
Unpaking .... fun fun .... ugh . Can I just go to sleep ??? 
I\ 
loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you \ 
were born Then I saw your face & fell in love some more . You were \ 
only a minute old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I \ 
still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious \ 
... decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body . Put \ 
this on your status if you have children you love more than life . 
Every person has 100 wishes . A cancer patient only has one - to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still ... fighting it . 
The old apartment is completely moved out and deep cleaned ! We better get our deposit back or we will take them to court !!! 
Been up since 6:30 and feelin pretty good ! Gotta go to Kadens school and find out if he has to switch schools . We love our new place :o ) < PROPFIRST > is on his way to a job interview , and I should be hearing back from 2 places I put an app at . Life is goin good ! 
Had a great night , went to the haunted house ..... thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , and mom for watchin the kiddos !!! 
I hope everyone had an awesome Halloween !!! 
Dentist appt today with the kids .... Prestons first time ! 
Watching Toy Story 3 for the third time ! I hate not having cable . 
Just watched Grown Ups .... great movie ! I got a job interview tomorrow so wish me luck !!! Good night 
< PROPFEMALE > Tuesdays can kiss my ass !!! I've been there 3 times for an interview and every time they act dumb like they didn't know I was coming and give me another day and time . So frustrating . It should not be this damn hard to find a job ! 
Is it sad that I spend my day alone cleaning the house ? If I had the money I would so go to a day spa ! Oh well ..... house is clean , time for a shower . 
Virus\ 
spreading like wildfire on Fb and My Space ! It is a trojan worm called \ 
koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! \ 
DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 \ 
requests you as a friend , don'taccept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on ... your friends list adds her then you get the virus too ! Please \ 
copy and paste to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPESSee More 
I got a job !!! Start tomorrow .... Whoohoo :o ) 
Kaden is such a good big brother .... when he wants to be , lol .... he's feeding < PROPMALE > his dessert because he seen he was having a hard time and making a mess . < PROPMALE > went along with it ! He even cleaned him up afterwards . 
Having a hard time falling asleep . I miss my love too much :o ( Our schedule sucks but it has to be this way for now . Stupid rent and bills ...... it`s all your fault !!! lol Okay , off to count sheep .... good night 
Whoohoo ! I got hired on full time at my job today . Then I came home and < PROPFIRST > told me he got me a job at zappos , lol , but I`m stayin where I`m at cause zappos is only seasonal and not guranteed permenant so that made my decision easy :o ) So much weight just lifted from my shoulders and it feels good ! 
We are no longer considered low income ... we are middle class . Great ! Now we make too much to get any kind of help and not enough to pay bills , buy food and all the other crap like toilet paper , clothes , ect ....... all combined that is . Life is just peachy !!! 
Cleaning and laundry today . I work mon-thurs , then I have off till the 3rd . Great for everyone else who don`t need the money , sucks for us ! Of well , all I can do is enjoy the vacation I guess . 
I HOPE I DON`T HAVE THE FLU ...... PLEASE GOD DON`T LET ME HAVE THE FLU !!! I feel like I have the flu ... body aches , headache , no ... make that a migrain , other symptoms I`d rather not say . I`ve been feeling like this since yesterday so we will see how I feel tomorrow . Mehhhhhh :o ( 
I hate drama ! It just comes into your life , doesn`t care if it`s not invited , and won`t go away easily !!! Oh well ... it`s all comedy to me anyway , lol ! I miss you < PROPFEMALE > , be safe coming home . 
I had a good day until I saw the bad news , so I`m really bummed right now . Tomorrow is another day and it`s Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I wish all my family and friends a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and A Happy New Year ! I wish we could be up there with you all :o ( I love and miss you ! Have fun tonight !!! 
I`ve been sick for over a week now and it`s getting very old ! I just want to be normal again ..... * cries * 
Feelin much better today ! Had a great Christmas , and now I'm ready for a new year ! 
Happy Birthday to me :o ) 25 today .. whoohoo ! 
Thank you for all the wonderful Birthday wishes ! I had a funtastic day/night :o ) 
Goin to work soon . I love my job , but not feelin so hot ! The weekend can't come soon enough !!! 
I SHOULD REALLY go to bed ! 
One more day of work then comes a wonderful weekend of cleaning and laundry ..... which is more work , so I really don`t get a day off ..... blahhh !!! 
Goin to bed . I miss you <3 
OMG it's 5:30 already ! Where has the day gone ? 
I hate working so late ! I'm home and should be sleeping , but nooooo ... I'M WIDE AWAKE ! UGH !!! And I'm outta coffee for tomorrow morning :o ( dammit man ! 
I really need to stop staying up so late , but it's so hard to wind down right after work and go to sleep ! Oh and my neighbor is a wack job ! Came home and seen her car smashed all to hell and < PROPFIRST > got video of her friend doing it ...... with her there ! Hmmm , wondering who she's going to blame it on ? Probably gonna commit insurance fraud . 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , re-post ! I dare you .. I'll be looking for the ladies who re-post 
