nebraska isnt to bad , but imiss arizona in the winter ... 

tired of wondering what if ... 
i hate being sick .... 
I've settled for less but I'm ready for more ... 
\forever doesn't last very long when you're human ... \"" 
feeling like a doll left on a shelf ... 
< PROPFEMALE > ... 
I feel like I'm a million < PROPMALE > away from myself , more and more each day ... 
lifes about more than how many breaths you take , but the moments that take your breath away ... 
you can't make someone else's choices , so why let someone else make yours ... 
I need something to do tonight ... 
I don't know what I'd do if I ever lost you , or all the loneliness I would go through but if you wanna leave I won't stop you cause I don't want you if you don't want me ... 
everytime I hear my phone , I hope its you but it never is ... 
Jelly was here :) hehe iLove you <3 ; 
gonna have a good weekend ... 
... keep moving forward ... 
heading to Omaha ... 
I feel like going on a walk ... 
ive been bruised and ive been broken , cant believe that i put up with all this pain ... 
My day off and nothing to do ... 
Still trying to remember what happened last night ... 
looking forward to this weekend ... 
I can't wait forever for you to get yourself together ... 
im tired of pretending , i just want my happy ending ... 
at the park , eating pizza with jelly ... 
im tired of waiting ... 
Getting all moved in ... 
first night at the apartment ... 
it sucks not having a car , especially on a friday night ... 
I wanna go out and walk in the rain ... 
had a good weekend , except for the part where I got locked out of my apartment at 4:30 in the morning 
people are people and sometimes we change our minds ... 
So tired ... 
I wish you could see things the way I do , even if its just for a day , then you'd know exactly how I feel ... 
I go to write a goodbye and that's when I know I've got a world of chances for you ... 
What a night ... I'm here for you ... 
... fruit cups , pudding , and yogurt ... awesome night ... 
ill do anything just to have you close even if I have to swim the ocean alone , it just aint enough when you're on the phone ... 
if I'm an eagle , then your my wings ... you keep me up , you are my everything ... 
a words just a word til you mean what you say , and love isn't love til you give it away ... 
why can't things go back to the way they were when we first met 
saying tonight turned out horrible is an understatement ... 
wishing I had said yes when I had the < PROPMALE > ... 
its become so hard for me to be suprised but you're bringing back the real me , no judgment in your eyes ... 
... hoping that this didn't end the friendship we just started ... 
... I'm more than just an option ... 
... its time I take my own advice and move on ... 
... half of being smart is knowing what you are dumb about ... 
... I'm not afraid to fall if you're the one who catches me ... tell me that you'll be there when I'm about to lose it all ... 
... on the edge of something real , I have a choice but I don't know how to feel ... 
... you're the one who helps me see that sometimes its okay to fall ... 
alone at the apartment , need something to do ... 
this should be interesting 
my foot is all scratched up from when I fell in the ditch this weekend 
I need to visit an old friend ... 
keep moving forward 
what to do on a Friday night 
< PROPFIRST > is the greatest 
... we're face to face but we dont see eye to eye ... 
... it's like he doesn't hear a word i say , his mind is somewhere far away and i dont know how to get there ... 
... when i'm yes , he's no ... when i hold on , he just let's go ... 
fun night at the apartment !!! 
so tired from last night , maybe ill just stay home tonight 
< PROPFIRST > is way too nice sometimes 
... love isn't about finding the perfect person , its about finding an imperfect person perfect ... 
on a monday ? why not ? 
... its always over before it even starts ... 
... every < PROPFEMALE > has its thorn ... 
why < PROPFIRST > ? seriously hes the nicest guy ever ! 
so tired from last night but it was fun met some pretty cool people 
... we cant stop the world but there's so much more that we could do ... 
never put off until tomorrow what you can do today 
... maybe im misunderstood or maybe you're just not seeing the side of me you should ... 
did it or didn't it happen ??? 
it was a good weekend :) ... 
... everyone says we cant do it but we have the right do decide what we can do ... 
remember the saying , \let's not and say we did ? \ " ..... well we didn't but people say we did :) " 
if nothing lasts forever , will you be my nothing ??? 
... its amazing what you can hide just by putting on a smile ... 
I wanna get to know you :) 
... be careful what you wish for cause you just might get it all ... 
... i always tell myself this is the last time but i know that i'll always have world of chances for you ... 
... sometimes i wonder if i'm just chasing a fantasy ... 
lately i've been feeling like you're avoiding me , but its ok ... i understand 
it was a good weekend :) 
I'm done with feeling guilty , I've done nothing wrong but if this is the way you want it then this is the way it'll be ... 
... expecting the worst but hoping for the best ... 
i just love pointless conversations , they're the best :) 
what to do tonight ... 
I'm glad things turned out the way they did ... 
such a quiet & lonely night at the apartment ... 
I thought you we're different but you're just like every other guy 
... so close , yet so far apart ... 
3 more months & I'll be back in Arizona :) 
had the most incredible night tonight haha well except for that one part ;) 
hurt at first but now im over it ... 
why not me ? 
im glad i found you :) you make me .......... happy ! 
never stand around cause every minute counts ... 
kinda sad that i didnt get to talk to you today ... 
having a \slumber party\ " with the roommates :) watching old school " 
You’re the light that makes my darkness disappear 
im very upset w/ a certain someone & it kinda seems like he doesnt really care so why should i ? 
it doesnt seem like you care , so why should I ? 
you didn't care & now I don't care , don't be crying about it now ... 
2 hours left of work ... I hate working weekends ... 
why can't the past be left in the past ? 
I guess it was a lie when you said it would wait for me ... 
when I least expect it , you make it feel so epic ... 
once in a lifetime means there's no second < PROPMALE > ... 
of all the guys I've ever known , you're my favorite ;) 
so confused 
if I'm the sun then you're the < PROPFEMALE > , the day isn't done if I don't see you ... 
fun night but maybe we got started a little too early ;) 
if perfects what you're searching for then just stay the same ... 
you are the best thing that's ever been mine <3 
... I'd do anything to have you close , even if I gotta swim the ocean alone . There's nothing in this world I wouldn't do to get close to you ... 
never let a bad day talk you into giving up ... 
stressed is just desserts spelled backwards ... 
had an awesome time tonight :) 
watching Grown Ups 
... if you ever really cared about me tell the truth , give it up ... 
I opened my eyes & realized it was all just a dream ... 
life cannot get any better ... 
I can't believe you were the one to build me up & tear me down ... 
I gave you all my love & all you gave me was goodbye ... 
yesterdays gone & we just gotta keep moving on ... 
why can't I stop thinking about you ? <3 
I'm done pretending ... 
feelings can grow but they can go away too ... 
it came when I least expected it ... 
how do I choose between forever & always ? 
I can't pretend this is a rehearsal for the real thing cause its not ... 
\you never took the time to know me & you never took the time to understand ... \"" 
... I wanna give up but you're worth fighting for ... 
whisky ... 
... you're just somewhere that I've been & I won't go back again ... 
... another sleepless night ... 
... you're really bad at lying ... 
... having a dream is just the beginning ... 
... to get something you've never had , you have to do something you've never done ... 
I need more sleep ! 
sick again ?!? really ?!? fml 
ferrero rocher <3 
don't wanna be home today :/ 
... wishing I had realized what I had when you were mine ... 
... christmas shopping ... 
... i have grown too strong to ever fall back in your arms ... 
... when we turn off the light its all the same darkness ... 
..... i guess at a certain point the fire always burns out ..... 
Sometimes people have to cry out all their tears to make room for a heart full of smiles ..... 
watching some espn with my brother :) 
... you made me smile today ... 
... its been 2 years & i still miss you ... 
... i guess i'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all ... 
... I always prepare myself for the goodbye cause that's all i've ever known ... 
... quiero pero no puedo resistir este sentimiento ... 
... after every storm comes a rainbow ... 
... its so hard to say goodbye but yesterdays gone & we have to keep moving on ... 
... you're like my first bad habit , i cant live without it ... 
... i miss you ... 
... sometimes its easier to just pretend ... 
... bacardi is not as good as i remember ... 
... forever will never be long enough for me ... 
... together will never be close enough for me ... 
... the phone works both ways ... 
... i would've given you all of heart but there's someone who's torn it apart ... 
... not everything revolves around you ... 
... mi < PROPFEMALE > sin ti no es < PROPFEMALE > ... 
... here we go again , lets hope this doesn't end like other times ... 
... some things are just better left unsaid ... 
... applebee's :) ... 
... edy's mocha almond fudge ice cream is awesome ... 
... i guess that love wasnt enough ... 
finally got my blackberry back :) 
epic fail ;) 
