can't wait to blow shit up in the name of FREEDOM ! 

fuck inorganic ! 
is being resonable . Fuck the inorganic test ! 
needs to study but skipping school for a snow day seems like a good idea ... vapor distillation can wait ... 
chilling with minus the bear and playing with chemicals/ inadvertently huffing them . 
bitches be jackin my glassware !!! 
uhhh ! my bike has a flat !!!! why must the streets be so cruel to my precious chariot 
OMG I LOVE PANDORA ... the avatar pandora and my kickass studying stations ! Pulling an all nighter !!!! WOOT WOOT ! 
YAAAYYY for CHEMISTRY !!!!! 
ridin ' ponies 
I love chemistry . Not only is it okay to not know how to spell , but it is widely accepted and incouraged to make up new words such as solvolysis . 
Whoa , < PROPFEMALE > is the color of your energy ... 
I feel like shit , look like shit , my access to the ps building is fucked up , and I can't even open up a paper on redox reactions of 17 electron thiolate complexes ... fuck ... but at least my mug night was decent ... 
Nothing better than knowing that you're getting lost in the woods at dusk and coming out of the woods six hours later happy and still kickin'! Fuck yeah ! good times with good homies ! 
Good bye my Pocatello Brokeback BITCHES ! I'm going to CO ! 
Well , blow me down ! Meself be shocked to be back in this scurvy invested town o ' poky ! Even so I love ye scallywaggers ! 
By Great Odin's < PROPFEMALE > ! What a beautiful day for Chemistry !.... ahhh selenol 
If you ever get in trouble with the PopO , say Fuck the PoPO !... Or show them your underwear . 
Viewing a full < PROPFEMALE > and lunar ecilpse at 3 am while in the midst of hosing off the foul skunk stank off of my dog , and showering in tomato juice ... invigorating . 
Almost got into a fight , then my homie got sucker punched , would have gotten into a fight , then woke up not knowing how I got to where i was at ... I drink TOO much . Thanks for putting up with me Pocatello ! 
Fucking LOVE rocking out in the lab to pandora , getting my groove thang on !!!! 
just got into wis-town after an amazing week in of drinking and ocean fun in mexico !... for all of you wondering , i am still ignorant and i haven't learned any spanish from this trip , but my hand waving/ gesturing communication skills have vastly improved . 
After 24 hours of traveling i'm finally back in the lab ... BLOWING SHIT UP !!!! 
Kovu , my dog , broke out of the back yard yesterday and hasn't been found if ANY of you see him please let me know ! For those of you who don't know him my profile pic is of him , he is very sweet and responds well to people with food and beer and he is sometimes responsive to the calling of his name 
Dog Found !!! 
I showered today , and it WASN'T raining ... 
ummm !!! chocolate in the lab , a dream come true ! :) 
Finally i'm making some headway cleaning and organizing this chemically incrusted laboratory ... thank god for base baths ... and margaritas ... and massive quantities of jameson ... and tattoos ... and the color pink and riding ponies !! 
To all Friends We got a BLOCK PARTA tonight on 5th st by goodies ! Live Music and a SLIP AND SLIDE ! Starts at 5pm ! BBQ , booze , FUN ! SO come and make some/see some friends ! 
doing hours of math is so not fun right now !!!! Oh for those who are fool enough to be friends with me , i text now ... so send lots of dirty vulgar pics or funny looking people at walmart , but please no goating 
YAY !! done with math !... mostly :( 
My day was about to be ruined by the damn < PROPMALE > lab pulling a fast one on me and hogging the NMR , but i counted to ten slightly bitched them out , and got some cake and fruit punch ... pros definately outweigh the cons of this sitiiation !... and looking forward to a nopants party and purple teeth YEAHER !! 
keeping it classy pocatello . 
Panda Watch . The mood is tense ; I have been on some serious , serious reports but nothing quite like this . I uh ... < PROPFEMALE > ... < PROPMALE > is inside right now . I tried to get an interview with him , but they said no , you can't do that he's a live bear , he will literally rip your face off . 
I wanna say something . I'm gonna put it out there ; if you like it , you can take it , if you don't , send it right back . I want to be on you . 
it's official I've just done 10hrs of data analysis and calculations ... sometimes ... fucking equilibrium constants 
Thinkin ' of you's workin ' up my appetite / Looking forward to a little afternoon delight / Rubbin ' sticks and stones together makes the sparks ignite / And the thought of lovin ' you is getting so exciting ... 
I'm < PROPMALE > Burgundy ? 
FINALLY ! school's started ! I'm so ready to throw down some knowledge !... Fuck yeah ! 
sometimes , when i'm in the lab i feel as though i'm one of < PROPFEMALE>'s elves but instead of making toys for bitchy kids , i can play with blow torches and transfer gases that can mix with oxygen and blow shit up ! 
EPIC weekend ! Feeling totally refreshed and ready to rock ! 
is being a pretentious prick the same as ignorance ?... cause i'll have to work on that , or not ...? 
YAY ! Kayak time !!!! 
seriously . jet < PROPFEMALE > is my hero ! 
Your whiskey tainted wisdom spits like vomit from your mouth\ 
The walls are closing in and I just gotta get out ... \ 
Of my head and of this town\ 
Familiar places are bringing me down , \ 
The truth can be hard to swallow\ 
When its spit right in your face . 
finally washed the blood off 
i look like shit and feel like shit ... id say its all really coming together for me 
\Living in a rhythm where the minutes working overtime \"" 
almost done with reaction methods paper !!!! 
... I burnt the roast ... :( 
yearning for gummy bears ... :( 
uuuummmmm ... gummy bears and beer .... the best way to end a fantastic weekend ! 
RIVERS RIVERS ! Which one should i run for my birthday ? the snake ? the < PROPFEMALE > ? the gallatin ? bitch creek ? the teton river ? the salmon ? the payette ? Then which section of which river !... life is GREAT ! God i love idaho ! 
ate toooo much < PROPFEMALE > Comb cerrrreeeaall ! aahhhhh < PROPFEMALE > gooood ! 
see ya lata pocatella ! going up to kick it in driggs and bozeman for a delightful weekend ! 
WOW ! I'm a lucky lady to have all of your love ! Thanks all of you for wishing me a happy birthday ! LOVE YOU ALL ! 
i've got drinking and climbing on my mind !!!! anyone want to partake ? 
seriously you guys ... my life fucking rocks ! Thanks to you ! 
k i want pchem to be done so i can drink ... and climb ... 
I now know a perfect spot for cooking lobster at in Yellowstone !.... but there might be a couple of arsenic deposites in the meat afterwards ( no big deal its actually good for your skin in small quantities ) 
is down like a clown < PROPFIRST > broowoo , < PROPFIRST > brroowwn ! 
soooo tired !!! 
I lost my phone this last weekend so i don't have any of your numbers ... so send me your digits if you want me to contact you or ... i'll see you when i see you ! 
My freaking flash drive is dead ! My Pchem homework is erased ! fuck ! fuck it ! and fuckidy do da day ! I'll just do it again yeah it might take another 3 hrs . but what doesn't kill you only makes you stranger ! ;) 
Why is it that I can only seem to study well at night ? 
I could have sworn that transformers were real ! 
fuck ! < PROPMALE > Rudd is amazing ! 
lost my voice ... halloween was good . 
What do you do with a dead chemist ?... BARIUM ! BAHAHAHAHA 
Seriously , I think that I am so nervouse that I am going to puke . 
finally snow ! 
Thank god for caffeine ! Thanks < PROPMALE > , you're full of great ideas ! 
Pretty sure that all of the gen chem students hate me for my questions during their presentations ... I wasn't that harsh ... :) seriously . 
SNOW !!!!! YAYAYAYAYAYYA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Now that I know that my stuff is clean and pure , now I can start producing some yellow stuff ... 
I'm human , therefore i'm a deuterostome , my asshole formed first ... explains a lot doesn't it ... and i'm not the only deuterostome either ! you're all a bunch of a-holes ! 
TARGHEEEEEEE !!!! ummmm ... so good ... so happy ... 
I WANT SNOW !!! NOT freezing rain !... :( I think that my tear ducts are generating their own form of precipitation : .. ( 
I HATE the computer lab ! It reaks of pchem and taco < PROPFEMALE > ! Finally in the REAL lab which reaks of chemicals and latex .... mmmm .. happy place 
I'm riding on a dolphin , doing flips and shit\ 
The dolphin's splashing , getting everybody all wet\ 
But this ain't Seaworld , this is real as it gets\ 
I'm on a boat , motherf**ker , don't you ever forget 
WOW semester is almost over ... then 3 blissful weeks of ridin and drinking ! PBR is going to spike in sales , I'll probably indulge in too much eggnog , and hot totis are in order ... It's always nice to know what my short term rewards will be ! 
God Damnit ! What didn't diddy do ?! 
SOOO I totally burned an enchilada last night , which could have easily resulted in a fire of epic proportions .... don't ever drink and make enchiladas ! Lesson learned ! Did diddy do that ?! 
i'll show you ! DRINKING GAME OF PAIN !!! 
AHHH ! I hate waiting to just be a busy < PROPFEMALE > and stressed , I hate the begining of the semester ! I don't know what to doooo ! Guess I'll drink a bloody < PROPFIRST > ... 
I had a dream that I ran through a hallway and built a pool with a fire place ... hmmm 
Sooo not motivated at the moment ... Caffieeeeenee ! 
Da bears da bears da bears da bears !.... DAAAAA BULLS DA BULLS DA BULLS DA BULLS ! 
Pass me that Chronic(WHAT)cles of NARNIA ! 
MUTHALUVA ! 
I wish I were sine squared and you were cosined squared , because together we could be one . 
we should catalyze this reaction by forming a charged relay system ;) 
just finished baking cupcakes . time to get the cassorole out of the oven ! just gonna add a little cream fraiche to top off the chilled asparagus soup and to top off the chilled straberries and rasberries . Then i'm gonna put some on the roast . walking the doggie . if the weather permits i might take a shower . Hittin up the gym later . then getting a little R&R ... if ya knows what i mean ! 
What a wonderfully exhausting weekend ! Time to get rocked by sum CHEMMMMMISTRY !!!!!!!! 
Oh look ... Wee < PROPFEMALE > didn't sign out ... How sad ... 
Second all-nighter ( studying for the same test ) . three cans of monster down . going on hour 12 now of the PCHEM bingeing . test in 3 hours . cant say that i didn't try 
You'd kiss your mom with that MOUTH ?! 
IN THE LABOOORATORY ! MUAHAHAHAHHAAAA ! 
I really don't want to be doing ... 
if every shirt i wear looks small on me no matter what , and i have tatoos , and i can melt rocks with my superman lazer gaze , does that make me badass ? 
EXPERCISING ! 
! HEY ! You who work in the holland lab ... next time you use vac distillation in the box please vent the line ... so that when I turn the pump on oil and EFFIN CHEMICALS DONT SPRAY AT ME ! MUTHATRUCKA ! 
LAB ! lablabidylabdaDAY ! LAAAABLAAAB ! 
How would you like to help put the < PROPFEMALE > Spring back into me step ? 
KISS MEH ! I'M NOT < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
seriously if this reaction didn't work i will be really pissed 
I wish you were DSL so I could get high-speed access . 
the lab is ALLL MINE !!!! MUAHAHAHAHHA ! 
go feck yeselves ! 
sssooooo sick of school ... can't believe that i said that , but no fun 
