I just got my certificate to start teaching yoga , YIPPEE !!!! 

Is heartbroken over < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , May you Rest In Peace Angel ! 
We're going to Disneyland ... 
Life is Good ! :) 
Hey everybody , we're putting together a pool league . It's strictly for fun , ( all levels apply !!! ) and we'd love to have anybody who may be interested , let me know !!! Just send me a note and we'll be in touch ... We'd REALLY love to have you there ! 
I got to see one of my best friends from my youth yesterday and it was awesome ! 
DeHavenIf you believe your Daughter is amongst God's greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and give them a hug ! I ? MY DAUGHTER !! 
Amy : to take , hold , or steal your heart . a soulmate . a good lover . name given to the most beautiful girl in the world . someone who loves to live and lives to love . independent . loving and caring , loyal to everyone she cares about . very real . notorious for astonishing good looks and captivating , irresistible charm . unfounded sexiness paired with fiery , passionate personality ... 
?? ¸ . • *¨* • ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . ¸ 
Not sure if I posted anything , However ... My father died on February 19 , at approx . 5:30 pm . I will miss you dad , I love you so much and I believe you are home and not suffering anymore ! Thanks for all of your many blessings and gifts you brought to this world father ! The angels and GOD have you now , wrapped up tight in their love ! I miss you daddy ! :( 
Boy I can really pick ' em ... 
I made a boo boo and posted the wrong thing , all is well ! 
I miss you Daddy , I Love you SOOOO much . You are very missed and are a guiding light now ! You are our angel and protecter ... I miss you Father ! 
Father in Heaven , I miss you and LOVE you ! 
So thanks to my Father having recently gone back to Heaven , he has guided me to go back to school . My field of study will be a Doctorate in Health Sciences , starting as a NA at Children's Hospital ! I am so excited , I finally know what I want to be when I grow up ! THANKS Father !!! I miss you soooooooooooooo much , and I know GOD's got you ! I Love you Daddy !!!! XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO 
Whatever the question , Love is the answer ! =) 
Yeah , I just got signed up for my classes at Red Rocks today !!!!!! I am taking CNA and Holistic Health ... Eventually going for my Doctorine in Health Sciences ! GOD what have you gotten me into , LOL ! 
For years I have wanted to play league pool and finally put together a team , this is our first session and ... WE MADE IT TO CITY PLAYOFFS ! Whoop Whoop ... Yowza , yahoo and yeah for us !!! TYS 
GOD help me with the strength I need to get by ... 
With GOD all things are possible ... 
Tough girls come from New York , Sweetgirls they're from Alabama & < PROPFEMALE > , But us COLORADO girls , we have fire and ice in our blood ... we can ride 4 wheelers and horses , be a Lady , throw left hooks , go drinking and muddin with the boys , all the while making iced tea , Darlin ' . And if we have an opinion , you know you're g ... onna hear it !!! ( Repost if you're a true CO Girl ) 
Love is the answer ... 
I have to let everybody know , remember my pool team I mentioned awhile back . Well we just played the cities finals for Las Vegas and WON . WE are going to Vegas baby !!!!!! I couldn't be more proud of our team !! YAHOOOOOOOO !!!!! TYS ! 
Thank you all for your words of encouragement . This is a 20 year bucket list item I can now cross off my list !!! VERY exciting ... TYS ! 
Hey everybody we are doing a fundraising pool tournament on August 1 at 11:30 am , $15 entry fee and $100 cash prize to winner at Greenfields in < PROPMALE > . ( 3355 S Yarrow , Lakewood , 80227 ) There will be a silent auction and dunk tank too . We will need silent auction items , so if anybody can donate items or services , PLEASE PLEASE let me know . Thanks a bunch for your support !!!!!! This of course is to help us in Vegas ... 
I saw < PROPFIRST > Benetar in concert last night , OMG , FANTASTIC !!!!!!! Love her ... 
REMINDER : August 1 , @ 11:00 am , We are having a fundraising pool tournament/silent auction/dunk tank , we have some FANTASTIC auction items . It's going to be a blast , please come down and show your support !!! I want to see you there !!!! 
REMINDER : August 1 , @ 11:00 am , We are having a fundraising pool tournament/silent auction/dunk tank , we have some FANTASTIC auction items . It's going to be a blast , please come down and show your support !!! I want to see you there !!!! Greenfields , 3355 S Yarrow St. , Lakewood , 80227 ! 
REMINDER : August 1 , @ 11:00 am , We are having a fundraising pool tournament/silent auction/dunk tank , we have some FANTASTIC auction items . It's going to be a blast , please come down and show your support !!! I want to see you there !!!! Greenfields , 3355 S Yarrow St. , Lakewood , 80227 ! P.S OMG I AM PREGNANT !!! 
Thanks everybody for their birthday wishes !!! 
Thanks again to everybody for the birthday wishes , P.S. just found out I am pregnant ! Yahoo !!!!!! 
I am a spiritual being having a human experience ! God Bless ... 
\ReWire Your Brain\ " a 3-Week Workshop Created and Facilitated by < PROPMALE > Ludwig\ 
Inhale : God Is Exhale : I Am 
Inhale : God Is , Exhale : I Am 
Well , it's finally here , my first day of school is tomorrow Monday , August 30 ... Yahoo !!!! I am so ready ! 
~ Namaste ~ 
God's got you ! ~ NAMASTE ~ 
So we pray ... and in the stillness , we know , GOD's got us !!! ~ Namaste ~ 
How did you and I meet ? Really I want to know ... 
In the stillness I surrender to GOD's plan , and I know all is good ( GOD) !!! 
And the Lord shall guide thee continually ... 
God saw you getting tired & a cure was not too be . So he put his arms around you & whispered come to me . With tearful eyes I watched you , & saw you pass away . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest .... God broke my heart to prove to me he only takes the best . Miss you Daddy !!! 
I AM A HANDFUL at times !! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I am strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , at times I tell it like it is --- I have made stupid mistakes in life , I am sometimes out of control . But if you can't handle me at my worst , then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best . If you're ... a HANDFUL , repost !! I dare you !! 
... According to your faith be it unto you . < PROPFIRST > 9:20 
Love is patient , kind . It does not envy , boast and is not proud . It is not rude , self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . Love does not delight in evil , and rejoices in truth . It always PROTECTS , TRUSTS , HOPES , always PERSERVERES . 
~ The world is saturated with Divinity , immersered in Reality , and filled with possibility ! ~ SOM 
Well , we'll try again , after the mis-carriage in August we are pregnant again , YAHOOOOOOOO !!!!!!! Prayers and blessings ... 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So love the people who treat you right . Forget about the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Re-post if you agree ..... Happy 2011 !!!!! 
Yahoo ! Just got heart tones and am about to enter my second trimester ... YEAH !!!! 
Banana 
I am determined to be cheerful and happy in whatever situation I may find myself . For I have learned that the greater part of our misery or unhappiness is determined not by our circumstance but by our disposition . - < PROPFEMALE > Washington 
Take a look at how you judge yourself - what you pick on and what you say to yourself . Then take a look at how you interpret other people's remarks and looks towards you - what you think they're saying or imagine them thinking . If you're projecting , they'll be similar and they'll sting harder . If you are projecting then you're not seeing them clearly . Your are seeing your own stuff . ?? Unknown 
