Snow 1 , < PROPFEMALE > 0 

Werewolves over vamps any day .... 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
-4 this morning ... these are the mornings I still find myself wondering what I'm doing here . 
3 small dogs ... 2 cats ... okay . 4 dogs ( 1 large-ish ) ... 2 cats ... I need to be commited . 
The best of the Winter Olympics ... Canada VS USA ... HOCKEY !!!! GO USA !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Happy Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > & Emry !!! 
Did you hear they are changing the country's name to the USSA ... United States of Socialist America .... NOT lmao ... 
does not like it Uncle < PROPFIRST > , I do not like it < PROPFIRST > I am . I do not like these dirty crooks , neither how they cook the books . I do not like when Congress steals , I do not like their secret deals . I do not like the speaker < PROPFEMALE > . I do not like this ' YES WE CAN ' . I do not like this kind of ' hope ' , I do not like it , nope , nope , nope ! Copy and repost if you disagree with the path our country is taking ( 
Night 1 with my friend RA-Lynn ( radio active , ha ha ) and I've got her started on my 7 season DVD collection of < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer ... she's either going to running for the door soon or glued to the TV ! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! Its been a good day ;) 
I really hate the Lakers 
There's a whisper on the night-wind , there's a < PROPFEMALE > agleam to guide us , and the Wild is calling , calling ... let us go ~ < PROPFIRST > Service , Call of the Wild ... Love you Papa , I'll never forget . 
Don't cry because it's over . Smile because it happened . ~ Dr. Seuss 
Go ahead put a target on my forehead , you can fire but you got no bullets , I was yours ... I'm not yours anymore ... 
God saw u getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around u & whispered come with me . With tearful eyes , we watched and saw u pass away . Although we love u dearly , we could not make u stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest .. God broke our hearts to prove to us , he , only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven u will miss this Christmas 
Wow ... looks like the snot monster might steal Christmas this year and the Grinch gets the year off . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
Thank you God ! We finally have snow in Colorado ... THAT's why I moved here !!! 
Just heartbroken ... so many loved ones lost in just a few short days ... praying for my friends who've lost family ... 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and the people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right . Forget about the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is part of LIFE ...... Getting back up is LIVING .. Repost if you agree ? 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised !! Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first !!!! 1% will re-post and 99% of the people on Facebook won't have the spine or guts to re-post this to their wall . I KNOW I'm the 1% 
Note to Super Bowl organizers : Next year you oughta verify that the celebrity you choose to sing the national anthem has actually heard the song before , nevermind knows ALL the words ... 
