Finally -- Dinner Time ! 

time for bed ... 
ready for some homework ! 
DREADING GMU PARKING in the morning ... 
lunch break ... 
Meeting up with Nicci :) 
Parking wasn't as bad as I thought it would be today ...... it was WORSE . Took me 40 mins to get OUT of the parking lot . Then ... every Buffett fan was heading to Nissan Pavillion via 66 ! 
Finally , home from work . TGIF ! 
Like old times ... friday night football -- LHS game . 
enjoying the peace and quiet ... 
Baking Cookies :) 
Can't Wait . BBQ , Swimming , ATVs & Fishing . Then the after party :) 
work on labor day :( 
... 
enjoying my day off ! 
Two of the best things about Fall coming soon : Pumpkin Spice Lattes and Pro Football ( yeah , I know , weird combo ) . 
< PROPFIRST > is on call tonight :( 
Lovely Homework time :) 
Class all day ... 
is excited because she has the day off tomorrow ! 
Sleep is good :) then traffic in the a.m. :/ 
Home Sweet Home . 
has the ENTIRE weekend off !! WoOo HoOo ! 
Catch up today ... cleaning house , hw , DAL game tonight . 
Waiting for my better half to get home :) 
HOUSE ! 
research :/ 
is having PANCAKES for dinner :) 
mmm ... coffee :) 
is trying to decide if she should continue doing homework or take the lazy route and find something else to do ... 
wants suggestions for a great restaurant to celebrate an anniversary . 
<3 
is thankful that the weekend is almost here ... 
dinner and a movie ... 
is content . 
taking my lil ' sis out tonight :) 
I <3 PJ's!! 
chore day ! 
where has the weekend gone ?? 
Homework , House , < PROPFIRST > Game -- all at the same time . I don't know how I'm going to do it all ... 
Homework-check . House-check . Game Time ! 
How ' bout them cowboys ! 
class today ... 
No < PROPMALE > for quiet time ... Paul's nephew is staying over tonight :) 
Study , Study , Study . 
EXAM 
It's finally time for some R&R . 
homework day ... 
Homework break ... off to Remington for some ATV and dirtbike riding . 
is it over already ? 
5 , really ? You're killing me Romo ... 
Yay ! The work day is over ... time for more homework . 
class til 4:30 :) 
Mc D's for dinner ... YUCK . 
has the day off with plenty of homework to do :/ 
needs motivation 
1 class down , 1 to go ... then MAYBE < PROPFEMALE > can get some Chicken Noodle Soup on the way home :) 
The weekend is finally here ! Top Fuel Drag Racing tomorrow , first time ... hope its good ! 
The usual Sunday routine . Homework/Housework . 
Getting ready for dinner at < PROPMALE > and Krystall's . I get to see little Robert :) 
chicken noodle soup for my lil sis :) 
Lots of coffee for lots of studying ! 
Exam in the a.m. I wish I could take it NOW and get it over with ... 
organizing ... 
baking a spice cake w/ cream cheese frosting and brownies for dessert tonight . YUM ! 
got off work early today and is enjoying the quiet time :) 
Swamped with homework . 
It's B-E-A-UTIFUL outside ! 
class today , then meeting up with Nicci :) 
What am I going to do tonight ? 
waiting . 
is happy the rain has finally subsided . 
today is all planned out and Sunday will be gone before I know it . 
baking a chocolate cake for Krystall's birthday tomorrow . 
is running around like she's crazy today ... many errands to run and lots of homework to do ! 
Carving pumpkins tonight . Can't wait !! 
phew ... glad the school part of the week is over ... 
hates moments that are extremely awkward ! 
HALLOWEEN PARTY !!!! 
cleaning . 
visiting my mom tonight :) 
just registered for my LAST 3 CLASSES for spring 2010 to complete my degree ! 
HR Exam , wish me luck :) 
wishes she could see < PROPMALE > Cook at the Patriot Center on Friday ! 
< PROPFIRST > is buying me dinner :) 
miss him already . 
I can handle rain and I can handle the cold . Cold and rainy ? Not so much ... 
is happy she is finally home . 
Scrabble anyone ? 
stayed up too late last night . Now it's time to get some work done ! 
*** Meteor Shower Tonight *** 
is procrastinating . 
really wants a nap !! 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > to see New Moon :) 
It is going to be a looooong Saturday night !! 
just got called into work ... tons of FUN :) 
Starting Thanksgiving the right way ... ha ! Work 6a-10a . work hard , play harder :) 
needs a break from reality . 
I want sleep !! 
bought another fish this morning ... I'm going to need a bigger tank !! 
an afternoon nap on my rainy day off ? I don't see why not ... 
I don't think I could ever get tired of having breakfast for dinner <3 
I wonder how many people are stocking up on milk and toilet paper because of some snow flakes in the weather forecast ... HA ! 
fajitas :) 
Sunday = F <3 <3 tball 
Final exams coming up ... the beginning of the end ! 
procrastinating ... making an iTunes playlist for Saturday night instead of working on my paper ! 
the pressure is on ... 
phew ... the most difficult exam is over ... only 2 left ! 
CUPCAKES ! 
(: CHRISTMAS PARTY :) 
Really can't wait until exams are over so I can do some Christmas shopping !! If anyone has gift ideas let me know !! 
FREE LUNCH @ Chick-fil-A in Warrenton between noon and 1pm ! Paid for by One Hour Heating and Air Conditioning . 
is ready to ACE the last exam of the semester . 
is thankful for JEEPs in snowy weather ! 
is jealous of the people who are done with their Christmas shopping ! 
Watching Four Christmases with < PROPFEMALE > Smith . It's scary how much it resembles our Christmas ! 
Happy Birthday Mom :) 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > Khoury Smith :) 
Swimming in a sea of tape , bows , and wrapping paper ! When will it end ?! 
Nothing much to eat ... settling for Domino's:)~ 
I have a good feeling about 2010 ;) 
Celebrating the new year with a great group . :) 
is thankful that New Year's < PROPFEMALE > 2010 fell on a friday ... two whole days to sleep it off ! 
* How ' bout ' em ? * 
Finally getting a break and enjoying three whole days off of work :D 
So much for my time off . I spoke too soon ... just got called in to work ! 
food . 
and the color is ... you wish :p 
is laughing at the people who are freezing their butts off because they now have to smoke outside of the restaurant :D 
homemade pizza and football with the fam ! 
That's my boys 
It's time for some rest and relaxation ! 
is seeing Avatar tonight with Nicci Robinson :D 
facebook is being stubborn tonight and won't let me have a new profile pic :/ 
doesn't like it when things don't go as planned :( 
sleep is goooood ... 
Thank God It's Saturday . Fridays are overrated ! 
<3 < PROPFIRST>'s Red Hot sauce 
It's the beginning of the end . The last semester has begun ... 
double date with Nicci Robinson ! 
only two things on the agenda for this lazy Sunday ... food and football . 
I had my doubts about the < PROPFEMALE > McCarthy's \Your Shape\ " for wii but now that I've got a routine down it is kicking my butt ! " 
my ipod decided it was a < PROPMALE > Petty kind of day :) 
is thankful for the beautiful snow and the delicious dinner at Osaka for her birthday . Thank you for all of the birthday wishes :) 
<3 Oodles of Noodles 
snow schmoe ... BRING IT ON . 
take a demo test ... http://implicit.harvard.edu/implicit/demo/ 
up and out the door early this morning ! 
I really wish I didn't have to be at work at 6AM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
All done playing in the snow for now it's time for SUPER < PROPFIRST > BROS . Wii ... Unless of course the power goes out ... Again . 
I found something productive to do ... Both of our 2009 tax returns are now complete :) 
New Orleans ! 
Call me crazy ... but I'm not sick of the snow yet like everybody else is ! 
Super psyched that our summer vacation to Florida is booked ! 
Spaghetti , garlic bread , and sangria for dinner !! 
It's days like this that make me reeeaallly want a hammock ! 
is going to a lovely Sheetz meeting ... 
On my way to the Land of Nod . 
Going for a ride in the Chevelle :) 
<3 Starbucks Doubleshot . 
Thank you rain for calming down the pollen ! 
I wish I was a morning person . 
trying to overcome SENIORITIS 
<3 Hearts for VT <3 
Why does time fly by only when you're having fun ? Let's get this work day over with already ! 
Music makes everything better . 
Poker time ;) 
Riding ATVs on the countryside :] 
<3 Earth day :) 
Up early for work ... already planning for a nap afterwards .. 
I can't believe I told < PROPFIRST > I'd buy him a street bike helmet for his birthday . What did I get myself in to ? At least one safety issue is out of the way ... 
likes to have a plan to follow but doesn't like to make the plan . 
Loves waking up before 6 am on Saturday ... NOT ! 
would like to wish < PROPFIRST > a Happy Birthday even though he doesn't have a FB ! 
As I was walking through the parking lot this morning , a car drove through a puddle right next to me ... jeans are soaked . It's going to be a great day . 
Less than 3 weeks of classes left ! LET'S DO THIS ! 
Great friends , great wine , great time ! 
Double espresso is a must for this Monday morning . 
The final countdown ... 9 days until graduation ! 
There's nothing like getting off of work early ! 
Iron Man 2 with Mom and Sis :) 
I love you mom ! 
Only one exam left and I'm FREE ! 
Done with college ! Finally free ! 
Graduation ceremony tonight ! Celebrating ALL WEEKEND ! 
Doing some reverse shopping today . For some reason most items I buy look better in the store ! 
The older I get the more I miss the feeling of being BORED . 
is excited . 
Just had my car painted and then I have to drive through a hail storm . Fml 
FRIDAY ! 
had an excellent night with the ladies :) 
Mowing the grass and DEFINITELY getting in the pool when I'm finished ! 
Dinner with mom and sis :) 
Bloomin ' Onion 
At the dc zoo today ! 
Museum hopping in dc today :) 
Ready to start a brand new week and put last week behind me . 
Dreaming about Florida ... 7 more weeks ! 
It's a blasty blast ! 
After work I plan on celebrating the first day of summer by the pool with a piña colada in my hand :) Who's with me ? 
has not yet had a fresh garden tomato this season . Who is holding out on me ???? 
< PROPFEMALE > . Me . Eclipse . 12:07 a.m. :) 
At the circus ( Sheetz ) until 3 . Then it's time to kick of the USA celebrations . :) 
Enjoyed watching great . meadow's fireworks for free on dad's lawn :) 
I need to buy a few good books to read on my trip in August . Any recommendations ? 
Everything is starting to come together ... :) 
I really love to pack up all of my stuff and move at LEAST once a year . Ha ! NOT ! Working on move number EIGHT since 2004 . AHHHHHHHH ! 
Wow . One more day at SHEETZ . I can't believe it . 
Moving is done ! Only two more rooms to paint and I'm off for 3 weeks !! Pompano beach here we come ! 
Who is ready for vacation ? That would be me ! Flying down to Florida tomorrow . :) 
Had an awesome dinner @ < PROPFIRST>'s Crab Shack . Now we're off to the tiki bar ! 
Leaving the Sunshine state ... back to Fauquier ... 
Playing in the dirt today ... Potting my new plants ! 
Last PARTY of Summer tonight ! :) 
Still in my pjs sipping coffee ! Finishing chores here and there . I love Sundays ! 
First day at my new job . 
Our new living room set arrived ! Good-bye camp chairs ! 
Bonfire out in the sticks ! 
Port and dark chocolate ... mmmm ... 
SNF 
is going to kidnap < PROPMALE > Dyrdek's bulldog , Meaty ! I want another bulldog :/ 
is one lucky girl . Celebrating 8 years with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > this weekend . :) 
Enough is enough ! Kendyl , you are going to stop being lazy and start the P90X routine ! ( I'm trying to motivate myself ... ) 
Great day for riding ATVs 
Heartache . We all miss you . <3 TJ <3 
Enjoying my first gingerbread latte of the season . It's all about the little things :) 
Had fun staying up all night with Nicci Robinson playing video games ... just like old times !! 
Is it Thursday yet ?! I can't wait to drown all of my food in gravy !! 
FAMILY , FRIENDS , FOOD , & FOOTBALL !! 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > we have our first Christmas tree up ( it only took 8 years) ! He even spent hours at the store helping me pick out the decorations - love him ! 
Heat wave in Northern VA - 48 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > ! Time for an iced coffee . 
Yep I caved ... watching American Idol and yes I might be enjoying it ... 
Just had my last day at my current job . Now I have ten days off until I start my new job . Woo hoo ! 
I have to be honest - those waving TOWELS are TERRIBLY annoying . 
I can't imagine having several brain surgeries in a few months and then re-learning everything at the age of 64 . I hope my ' Mugga ' gets better soon . 
Alright snow ... I can handle you ... hot wings ( franks of course ) , a bottle of wine , and some netflix . Go ahead , snow me in ! 
30 minutes early for the first day at my new job . Let's get started already ! 
Hell yeah !! 
Chocolate milk with dinner - it's not just for kids people ! 
Margaritas ! 
Wow . The license plate on the vehicle in front of me \luv VAJJ \"" 
Drove home scared on flooded roads with a tornado warning . Treated red lights like stop signs even if I was going straight . Rules change when nature strikes ! 
Freaked out - fell asleep watching 2012 last night only to wake up to watch the earthquake in Japan on the news . 
Waited 8 years to get engaged and now I don't even feel like planning a wedding . Vegas is starting to sound better and better ! Ha ! 
Pandora radio , thank you for keeping me sane in this small , quiet office . 
Coffee isn't doing its job today . Moving on to espresso & cream . 
Taco Smell for lunch . Slept in this a.m. instead of making my lunch :/ 
Bacon & eggs . 
I never thought I'd say this but I miss the days when I was younger and complained about being bored . I would love to have a few hours of boredom again ! 
