Thank God it's over . 2009 sucked . 

My New Profile 
Everyone reaches for Heaven , but we all try to get there though Hell . 
I wrote and just finished recording an awesome song for a friend . Double-D McGee ! 
I'm not a fan of the snow ... 
No matter how long the night , < PROPFEMALE > will break . 
HOW AM I UNABLE TO GET A YELLOW EGG IN 10 TRIES IF I HAVE A 1 OUTA 4 < PROPMALE > ?!?!?! 
QUOTE OF THE DAY : BEN : nice . Whoever creates these facebook apps is trying to flunk us out of school , and it's working on you ... 
It's easier to be what others think you as then what you know you are . 
Just saw Avatar and IT IS SICK AS HELL ! 
An original life is unexplored territory . You don't get there by taking a taxi - you get there by carrying a canoe . 
Really sucks at staying on task and doing his homework . 
In the studio recording when I should be doing homework . Great success ! 
I just found out that \How've\ " isn't a word . I've been using it since I can remember . Even in English papers . This is disturbing news ... " 
Book of < PROPMALE > just blew my mind ... 
Life goes on and we all turn to the Timberwolves . Oh wait . They're 9-36 ... So who's ready for baseball season ?! 
The world isn't just black and white . There is plenty of room for grey . 
I have 4 extra Wild tickets . Anyone wanna go to a game tonight on me ? 
DDR Rules ! 
When dealt a shit hand , play it like a < PROPMALE > flush . 
Brain fart . Can't write . 
Anyone wanna go to a movie tonight ? 
No more Writer's Block ! 
Just had the best day in a VERY long time . In the morning I learned how to fix the headaches , after school went on trails then went free-running with Emmanuil , then went to see KICK ASS which was amazing ! 
An original life is unexplored territory . You don't get there by taking a taxi . You get there by carrying a canoe . 
With all the damage said and done , we'll finally see how far we've come . 
I always wanted to be somebody , but now I realize I should have been more specific ... 
I gotta stop staying up late . 
Just made apple and Asian-Pear pie because I ran outta apples . It was a bit of a stretch ... 
The fire Hydrants are open today for a good spring flushing , and I took it upon my self to zig-zag through my entire neighborhood to drive through ALL of them . WOO ! FREE CAR WASH ! 
Success is only a byproduct . 
I miss having a science class so much ! English just isn't even close to interesting . 
Dear Facebook , \ 
Stop sucking . 
Everyone must dance to the song Pata Pata once in their lives . 
Party at my place . Come on over . 
Going rock climbing tomorrow after making up all my Saturday detentions ! 
Everyone reaches for heaven , but we all try to get there through hell . 
I got the AWESOMEHAT back ! 
syphilis sucks ... 
Anyone wanna go rock climbing tomorrow ? 
I just got a new phone so can you text me a message containing your first and last name if you haven't already ? 
Uhg , I had a tooth crumble dream again ... 
Today is just tomorrow's yesterday 
My legs are SO SORE ! 
Rock climbing tomorrow . You can meet us there around 12:30 or meet at my house at 12 . Bring a swimsuit for after . 
There's only one way to end such a perfect 4th of July weekend : a flat tire ... 
Late night just isn't the time to try writing upbeat music ... 
When I give food to the poor , they call me a saint . When I ask why the poor have no food , they call me a communist . 
< PROPFEMALE > Mathews still needs to learn all of I Giorni . SOON ! 
My toaster oven just started on fire ... and the worst part is it was the last of the chicken fingers ... 
One broken string can really ruin your day . 
There is nothing worse than one stupid cricket having an obnoxious conversion with itself right outside your window . Why cant a hungry bat or something show up ? 
Recording a new song . Still no lyrics . Bummer ... 
Is anyone going to Wefest ? 
Moving in at St. < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . 
I am bored ! 
There's a rock climbing club here ! I want in ! 
DUDE !!!!!!!! 
Broken string and no car to get a replacement . Shit . 
I finally got you back son ! < PROPMALE > Reilly was here !!!! 
First day of Rock Climbing Club was AWESOME ! 
Climbing at 7 ! 
Accidentally locked myself outta my room when I went to take a shower and had to go to the Grace ( girls ) dorm wrapped in a towel to get my roommates ket . I suck . 
Mrahahahaha Gotcha again !!!! < PROPMALE > Reilly was here . 
Going to Reel Rock Tour 
St. < PROPFIRST > is boring on the weekends ... 
You can’t test courage cautiously 
Mrahahaha I am good at this game ! < PROPMALE > Reilly was here . 
NEED MY BANJO TO PLAY MUMFORD AND SONS ! 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Mcneil ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Mathews should learn Oltremare . I would love her forever . 
Never thought I'd stay up til 4:30 playing scrabble ... 
Broke a banjo string ... Someone will pay dearly ... 
Most stressful day ever ... 
Gonna make cookies in the Gracement ! 
I'm so sore from climbing last night I can't even play guitar . This is going to be a long and boring day ... 
Just one more day of classes ... 
I was so sore last night I couldn't even hold a pencil ... WHO'S UP FOR CLIMBING SATURDAY ?! 
I have the best mom in the entire world ! 
Does anybody use < PROPFEMALE > on itunes ? 
I still have rope burn behind my ear ... 
I dislocated my finger last night climbing ! Woo ! 
Time to start the worst weekend ever ! 
An all-nighter to end this dreadful weekend . Yay ... 
Just finished my paper ! Bedtime ! 
Pleaseput this as your status if you know , or were related to , someone killedon Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . The Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but the Galactic Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this .... Willyou make this your status for at least 1 hour ? 
Finally started recording again ! 
Why are lyrics so much harder to write than music ? 
I'm getting pretty good at these all-nighter things ! 
I'm gonna play < PROPFIRST > Cash for a talent show ... blindfolded so I don't have to see all the terrifying people ! 
Climbing canceled this week ?! NOOOO !!! THIS WHOLE WEEK HAS BECOME POINTLESS !!! 
All nighter completed ! 
I have the best sister in the world !!!! Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
JoeDave Ceplecha and I are the Heros of Grace Hall ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Teague is really amazing . and so is JoeDave Ceplecha 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Teague amazing JoeDave Ceplecha and < PROPFIRST > Baden are amazing too 
Hi I am cool 
This was a very fun night ! 
This fucking english grade is gonna kill me ! 
Another all-nighter tonight ! 
That Astronomy final was most likely the easiest test I've ever take ... Yay ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is the love of my life 
Is doing it in the grace elevator 
Any reviewer who expresses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous . He or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae . 
< PROPFIRST > Blattner is the best person ever . 
Eat , guitar , workout , guitar , homework , guitar . 
A VICTORY FOR UPFISH !!!!! 
School is snowed out for tomorrow ! IT'S A PRESIDENT'S DAY MIRACLE ! 
Buying the best movie ever ! 127 Hours !!! 
No more snow ! 
Why am I always up so late ? 
Watching Pirates of the Caribbean . < PROPMALE > Bloom is so spicy . Yuuum 
I have the best mom , best sister & best grandma in the world ... oh yeah , best dad too . :o ) 
Ahhh the 2/3 rule ... Flawless 
After trying for 4 and 1/2 hours to fall asleep with no prevail at 5:00 , I'll just have to call it a loss . What a waste of 4 hours . I should just stop trying to sleep and take up underwater basket weaving ... 
