Oh what a night .... 

< PROPMALE > miller concert last night had a Blast !!!!! 
It's a great day to be alive :) 
Chillin in Oswego with my brother for the weekend ! Whoop Whoop 
Here I am from the place where the sun keeps shining with a brand new style and a unique fashion and good good vibes that keep on playin .... playin :) 
Just heard this great rumor that < PROPMALE > Miller band is touring with < PROPFIRST > Thorogood next year !!!!! 
Life is one big road with lots of signs . So when you're riding through the ruts , don't complicate your mind . Flee from hate , mischief and jealousy . Don't bury your thoughts , put your vision to reality . Wake Up and Live ! ----- < PROPMALE > Marley 
Don't you know about the bird ? Hey everybody's heard that the bird is the word ....... Finally after four years that bird has been caged tonight !!!! Life is so much sweeter already :) 
Detroit Rock city !!!!!!!!!!! 
Had fun in Detroit !!! 
Snow day !!! = No work for me today !!! 
There's gotta be something more ....... 
JOHNNNNNNYYYYY CAAAAAASSSSSHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!! 
Cheer up < PROPFIRST > , you get the whole factory in the end you big friggen cry baby ! 
sometimes i wish i was younger and could pick up the pieces and run but then i look back on the matter of fact and its a race that we've already won ...... 
A Little shoeshine boy never gets low down\ 
But he's got the dirtiest job in town\ 
Bendin ' low at the peoples ' feet\ 
On the < PROPFEMALE > corner of the dirty street\ 
Well , I asked him while he shined my shoes\ 
How'd he keep from gettin ' the blues\ 
He grinned as he raised his little head\ 
Popped a shoeshine rag and then he said ............ 
Ready for fiesta activities with my favorites :) 
Lazy river run yesterday ... Burnt and hungover but i love it 
Whoop there it is 
Oh mylanta ..... 
How come everytime i go into walmart I feel as though I am the only one wearing a bra ? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Just realized on spongebob that Mr. krab lives in bikini bottom hahaha :) 
Thank you < PROPMALE > house for giving me the ambition to do the things today i would have put off till tomorrow 
Let's see what kinda poo this monkey of a day is gonna fling at me 
Alot of wierd shit is gonna happen if pigs ever learn to fly 
OOOOHHHHH what a fun night that was hahaha ....... 
so ... i was trying to invision my future and then i started laughing at all them grannies with tramp stamps 
and the < PROPFIRST > birthday fiestas have begun !!!!! 
Thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes !!! :) 
What a perfect weekend :) 
Can i high five your face ? 
Dear life ,.... if u get any sweeter i'm goin to have to put u in the double choc fudge brownie catergory .. aka guilty pleasure :) 
watchin Disney movies with my favorite person today and then out for the weekend once < PROPFIRST > gets home :) Life you are good life you are grand wouldn't have you any other way :) 
Never Better :) 
Fun and adventures with my fun sized friend today cant wait :) 
Whoever is unjust let him be unjust still\ 
Whoever is righteous let him be righteous still\ 
Whoever is filthy let him be filthy still\ 
Listen to the words long written down\ 
When the Man comes around 
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are so confident while the intelligent are full of doubt . - Bertrand < PROPFIRST > 
goin Party shopping with my verticaly challenged friend , and then LATE NIGHT SALMON FISHING !! went and got geared up last night fully equipped with new poles and bait ... I'm pretty good at bating the pole too in fact one could say I am the master baiter ... of the pole hahahaha Can't help but smile these days feel so happy and relieved and looking forward to all the new adventures just ahead :) 
follow your instincts ... avoid people who indulge in gossip , let go of toxic friendships/relationships and sidestep troublemakers destined to wreak havoc ! 
Even though you can not go back and make a brand new start , you can always start NOW and make a brand new ending 
\Great minds discuss ideas ; Average minds discuss events ; Small minds discuss people . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
If you cannot be a poet , be the poem . ~ David Carradine 
Think it , Dream it and when it comes your way , take a moment to fear it , and then run with it ... 
don't sit back wishing for change ; stand up and be the change 
My friends are the best . seriously . What an extreme night to say the least :) I love you ladies . You definatley make life all the more fun to be in :) 
WANTS TO PLAY EUCHRE !!!!!! 
in age u find wisdom , in wisdom u find truth , in truth u find trust , in trust u find love , in love u find happiness ... in happiness you find you 
everything in life is beautiful ... sometimes you just have to change your perspective in order to see the beauty . 
All smiles :) 
if you need something to be grateful for , check your pulse 
Be a butterfly in a world of moths . 
I am not bound to win , but I am bound to be true . I am not bound to succeed , but I am bound to live by the light that I have . I must stand with anybody that stands right , and stand with him while he is right , and part with him when he goes wrong . \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Great weekend fun ahead :) 
What a great day in chile 
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words ; it is expressed in the choices one makes ... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Lord < PROPMALE > me the strength to be content where I am . The < PROPFEMALE > to wait on Your timing . & the faith to remember that You have Your hand always on my heart . 
I am perfect in my imperfections , secure in my insecurities , happy in my pain , strong in my weaknesses , and beautiful in my own way ... I am \myself \"." 
:) :) :) :) :) I LOVE LIFE !!! :) :) :) :) :) 
Dear 10:19 ... thank you for haunting me but thank you even more for Finally uncovering your meaning ..... :) :) :) 
woke up this morning with air in my lungs , a beat in my heart , and my best friend in the whole world laying next to me . Life is as it should be . 
Happiness cannot be traveled to , owned , earned , worn or consumed . Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love , grace and gratitude 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
uh ... pshhh nooo i didn't fall ... I'm a ninja ... the floor looked at me funny , sooo i just used my insane ninja skills to attack it !! 
True beauty lies within the heart . Change for no one and believe in who you are . 
happiness is a choice ... you should not rely/depend on others for your happiness , nor blame them for your lack of it .. you are responsible for your own happiness . 
Bird flu , Mad cow disease , and Swine flu ... OMG its farmegeddon ! 
I want my very own penguin for christmas 
who's up for kicking < PROPFIRST > frost in the snowballs ? 
is amazed by people who royally screw up their lives and then consider themselves poor , pitiful victims of circumstance . 
What a perfect day to cozy up with blankets after work and introduce my little baby to some < PROPFIRST > cash :) 
Well you may throw your rock and hide your hand , workin ' in the dark against your fellow man . But as sure as God made black and white , what's done in the dark will be brought to the light . You can run on for a long time run on for a long time , sooner or later God'll cut you down 
< PROPFEMALE > , you break into people's houses and eat their cookies ; don't judge me 
And Christmas vacation begins !... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas :) 
Self confidence is the most attractive quality a person can have . how can anyone see how awesome you are if you can`t see it yourself ? 
It's ten degrees warmer in Juneau Alaska ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Sarver A teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight is preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching television . In the minute it takes you to read this , teachers all over the world are sacrificing their own time and more often than not , investing their own money for your child's literacy , prosperity , and future . Re-post if you are a teacher , love a teacher , or appreciate a teacher . 
