Time heals all wounds yall . He makes me really happy :) Can't wait till tomorrow ; you're all mine < PROPFIRST > ! 

byeee facebook . 
Hi facebook :) 
You lost the best you had . Baby don't look so mad . I never want you back . 
My happiness is slippin through my fingers :( 
Out to the movies . Finally . Yay ! 
One word . Crappy . 
JUst got back from the party :) 
No there ain't no rest for the wicked , until we close our eyes for good . 
Talkin to you all night makes the pain fade away . I wouldn't want it any other way <3 
He's the only one that I want by my side . He's the only one that I believe can save my life . He makes me wanna be a better woman ohh why , he's higher then the sky , the suns and the < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
In my heart I know everything will be just fine . 
La la la la la la la la la . 
How could you be so heartless ? 
Remember folks ! Time is never wasted when you're wasted all the time ! :) 
So turn away from the ones who hurt everyone . 
A book is like a box , a box has six sides , inside and outside , but how do you get to whats inside ? How do you get to whats inside out ? 
Had an awesome movie night with the fbf . :) 
It's better to be happy alone than unhappy with someone . 
I'm selfish , impatient and a little insecure . I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst , then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . 
I never felt settled or calm . You can't really commit to life when you feel that . 
I can't wait to move !! I'll be so much happier . 
We've got our backs against the ocean . It's just us against the world . Looking at ALL or nothing , babe it's you and I . Let's take a < PROPMALE > , go far away , today & never look back again . 
Hello skinny jeans . It's going to be a fabulous day beeshes . 
Finally all moved . Sittin with < PROPFIRST > by the pool . XD 
Everyone sucks . :) 
I think the rain finally stopped . I can't wait for this pool ! 
I need a haircut . BAD . 
Love can sometimes be magic . But magic can sometimes just be an illusion . 
finally going and getting my hair did . FINALLY . I may come back a blonde if im not careful maybe hotpink like my cuzzo . ;D 
Ya know what ... I'm the f'n < PROPFEMALE > of the world . :D 
I feel amazing . Pool was amazing . Sun was amazing . Even the Kix I had for breakfast were amazing . Now all I gotta do is finish cleaning for the cookout this weekend and I'll be 100 . 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now . Wish right now , wish right now . 
I can't wait for July . Hopefully everything goes fantabolific . 
Yay !!! I got my new router and everything is finally fixed !!! No more lagggggg ... hahaha . 
... and I wonder if I ever cross your mind . For me it happens all the time . 
Blahhh . 
I don't see why people can't just shut the hell up and be nice to each other . People wonder why I keep to myself so much well to keep it simple ... I'd rather not be around crap that annoys me . AND everyone takes things too seriously when really whats the friggen point ? 
I must be dreaming . 
On my way to < PROPFEMALE > out with the country boys . (: Life is good . 
Wish this weekend never had to end . 
If she's lonely now , she won't be lonely long . 
Finally back from southern MD . It felt good to be on the beach lookin up at the stars and relaxing . Looks like I'm going to take a cat nap now fb . 
I just wish I knew why me and everything around me is falling apart . 
There ya go . Makin me fall in love again . (: Packing up my crap and moving furthur down south . 
OMG * hugs interwebbbs * 
I know there's a blue horizon . Somewhere up ahead , just waiting for me . Getting there means leaving things behind . Sometimes life's so bitter sweet . 
Watching the Ravens preseason game . <333 
Finished cleaning . Finallyyyy . 
I\ 
can't believe some people in this world and the people who forgive them\ 
when they don't deserve it . He is the scum of the earth , rude , and \ 
disgusting and I hate to make people pick sides but seriously ? 
Hide yo kids . Hide yo wife . :D 
Ravens kicked that ass ! This is going to be a good season . (: 
Goin out tomorrow with mama . Gotta find my ass a jobbbb . 
Doomsday was crazy good . ;) 
If you die . You only die once . If you're scared , you die everyday . 
Rayyyyyyy Riiceeeee ! 
Xbox 360 elite down the tubes .... 
pissed . 
RAVENS DOIN WORK . (: 
RAVENS WIN . GOOD LOOKIN OUT < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
Where is this new L4D2 dlc ?? >:( 
I can't wait to get today over withhhhh . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a wonderful woman . <3 
Playin some MW2 wif my bb . XD 
Good old < PROPFIRST > movies <3 
FINALLLYYYYY . Got my job interveiw on Tuesday !!!!!!! Wish me luck !! 
I got my job :) 
Limewire is dead D: 
Work is lame :( 
Gotta go to work . Work . Work . Gotta go to work . Work . Work . * sings * 
Off Thursday and Friday THANK GOD . :) 
Damn just dropped a skittle ... 
Change your FB profile picture to a CARTOON from \ 
your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Unti Dec . 6 - \ 
Monday there should be no human faces on FB , but an invasion of \ 
memories . This is a CAMPAIGN against violence towards CHILDREN !! 
going shopping :) 
If I close my eyes , it's all the same . 
I really wanna go to see the lights on the bay at < PROPFIRST > Point State Park ... 
Can't wait for pay day so I can go Christmas shoppin :) 
Thanks everybody !! :) 
Watchin the Ravens play with NateNate , then maybe goin to the movies . :O 
When it rains , it pours . :( 
