Went shopping with my mom , sister , and aunt ! 

Why do I love < PROPFEMALE > Joplin like I do ? 
My dad was being a terd and I'm not sure what what length of gap should be between Fathers Day and seriously fighting the old man !! He deserves it ya know !! 
Going to attempt to play football ! 
Very sad have to go to school tommorow . ) : 
Got my new haircut and went shopping ! Now have to get ready for school tomorrow ! 
Going to watch Biggest Loser ! 
So sad are puppy is sick ! I don't know what it has ! 
Yeah my puppy is eating lots now and he's not throwing up ! I was so scared :) 
Kinda tired gotta do some homework . :( 
Have to do homework yay ! :( 
Oh yay got an A- on a test !!!! 
Not doing much have no Homework ! YAY !! :) 
Kinda gettting tired finally finished my horrible math and health homework ! 
Makenzie told me to put this so I love makenzie ! 
Just had some yummy brownies kinda tired but think I\m gonna watch Earth ! :) " 
Tired :( 
Going to go watch my favorite show and exited for biggest loser 
The Skipping Eating Fluffy Bunnies Gang 
Very tired but watching biggest Loser 
Just got home from school 
Gonna watch Gilmore girls then go to the Y 
Watching Projest Runway than gotta feed my dog 
Fed my doggy I love my dog hes cute but big 
Tired wanna go to bed soon :( 
Got back from the movie theaters saw Christmas < PROPFIRST > it was creepy but I liked it . 
Going to my granpas and grandmas 
going to Swansons real fast 
Happy went to this thrift store and got these jeans and tried them on at home and found 20 bucks in them ! :) 
Tired but gonna go watch project runway 
Tired but going to watch the new < PROPFIRST > & Kate+8 sad that its the last episode ! 
Watching Biggest Loser where are they now ! 
Had chocolate chip cookies they were yummy ! 
Excited going to watch the biggest loser finale ! 
Making cake ! :) 
Put up are Christmas lights ! :) 
Watching the Biggest Loser Finale !!! :) 
Ate icecream ! =) 
Excited for Christmas ! ( = 
Fixing the bathroom then moving in to my new bedroom ! :) 
Eating a big box of nerds ! 
Wanting more snow ! 
Watching a movie and eating popcorn ! 
Going to the orthadontist in a little bit ! 
Eating cookie dough ! :) 
Watching Sweet Home Alabama ! 
Got back from the hospital saw my grandma she looks lots better ! 
Watching Polar Express It's my favorite ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Eating candy ! :) 
Watching TV with my mom :) 
Going to eat dinner 
Going to bed 
Going to the YMCA ! 
Tired 
Happy New Years ! 
Finally cleaned my room ! 
Going to play < PROPFIRST > kart with my mom and I'm going to win ! :) 
Watching the new biggest loser 
Going to the Ymca ! 
Tired going to go to bed 
Yay for friday ! :) 
Got back from Lany and < PROPFIRST>'s party ! 
Got my room clean finally ! Now I have to clean my < PROPFEMALE > caje :( 
Going to school ! 
~ :) < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Silly <3 ~ 
Ate at Duffy's today it was really yummy ! 
My brother just went up to the hospital not very good :( but excited for the new project runway ! 
Yay got a B- on my science test and a A- on my math test ! 
Just ate my pizza then my aunt is coming over ! 
Finally moved into my new room now I'm going to the y 
Going to eat some yummy looking cupcakes ! 
Finally got done with my homework ! 
Studying for history finals 
Got a B+ on my history finals ! :) 
Went to lunch with my mom and aunt then went shopping for like 5 hours ! 
watching the grammys 
Haven't done homework yet and need to do it ! 
~ KlassChat ~ 
I KlassChat with Tori-pugalious Dylan-dilly-pickle Chandra-Munger #12 <3 Me-Willy <3 :) Harrisen-No_Jar Makenzie- ~ Mak&Cheese ~ Jealous ........ gotta be there ! 
Ate this huge piece of chocolate cake it was so good !!!!!!! 
Don't really want to go to school tomorrow 
Broke my phone :( 
Hangin with my aunt :) 
Happy Valentines Day ! <3 
Some teenager thought it would be funny if they blew up peoples mailboxes so now we don't have a mailbox 
Don't have to go to school tomorrow Yay ! 
Got honor role ! 
Helping my mom get ready for her baby shower ! 
Got done going through my mom's presents from her baby shower it was lots of fun ! 
Got rid of my dog :( 
We let < PROPFIRST > eat a little bit of icecream and he had the most disguisting look on his face ! 
Does anyone know how to get a tutor ??? 
bored 
Holding Sammy :) 
Granpa is in the hospital please pra 
Got back from the cancer walk with makenzie so much fun !!! and they said my name on the radio :) 
SUMMER !!!!! :) 
It's my birthday today !!! 
With my best friend Makenzie ! :) 
Got fireworks today ! 
going to the beach 
eating cake :) 
Going to the < PROPMALE > weekend 
Got back from my family reunion 
Got back from < PROPFEMALE > and now I hate < PROPFEMALE>'s 
Finally got back from the hospital ! 
Went to the fair today and it was fun but it was way to hot 
Got more brackets on my braces today now my teeth hurt so bad ! 
Got my schedule for school today and i dont like the classes im in at all ! 
Got my haircut :) 
I went roller skating yesterday for the first time and I didn't fall ! :) 
Its snowing !!!!!! 
Got my egg baby and he's so cute I named him Fransico from Elf the movie :) 
I broke my egg baby so now I got a new one 
Went and saw the new Narnia 
I love the snow ! 
Going to get my hair cut tomorrow ! 
