To 2010 ! A new decade , a fresh start , new resolutions ... all I have to say is ... Buh-bye 2009 !!!! ( And good ridence ) 

Wishing that time would skip on so that I'd actually be DOING something right now .... like having a partayyyyy ;D 
Gah ... I never get to talk to my old friends anymore .... * sigh * 
haha , playin tha sims 3 .... oh yeah , my life is exciting . 
Ugh , sooo tired . Gettin a new phone and a new number tuesday or wednesday , so I'lll let ya guys know ;) 
gettin ready for soccer- not looking forward to the extreme workout 
* yawn yawn * soooo tired , just woke up . Is gonna be boreded today . 
ding < PROPFIRST > the wicked witch is dead ! * little boys may live in peace now * 
What is with all these people dying ? It's kinda pathetic- I think < PROPFIRST > Mays just wanted a little extra attention . 
I'm so sorre from soccer- It feels like I was hit by a bus ... 
Waiting for the bleach in my hair to kick in so I can put in the red- the blonde is REALLY BRIGHT !!!! 
GAH !!! I want out of this appartment and into a BRAND NEW HOUSE ! Cannot stand the hauntings !! 
going down to Medford for the weekend , gonna see mah cousins ! toodles ! 
chillion with my cousions from down south . No , not redneck south . :P )) 
staying an extra week in Medford with the cousins- gonna have a blast ! ;) 
hanging with da cousins , having lots o fun :) 
back at grandma's- I desperatly need to shower , lol ! I've had 2 little kids giving me \makeovers\ " all day !! " 
just pimped my myspace- i love how you can have awesome profiles on there . I wish fb had that . 
NOTE : You will never see me do a about me quiz and be serious !!!! 
why isn't anyone on at 1:30 in the morning ? I'm bored outa my mind !!!! 
hangin at Kev's checking out my fb ;) 
really tired .. 
Sometimes i wish I WAS old enough to have my own place ... that way I wouldn't have to deal with the shit . 
Dude , it's sooo hot ! getting up and WALKING makes me sweat- another night without sleep- joy . I know what I want for my birthday- an AC ! 
getting ready to go to the movies with cam and dad , is starving but can't find anything to eat 
It's really hot . Time for swimming !!!! 
did not sleep whats so ever last night . a lot on my mind ... 
Vunerable and still dissapointed . I really need to stop reading Manga so I won't feel obliged to work as hard as them at THAT MOMENT . Iunno .... can't think straight on top of that either so ... yeah , lol- CONGRATS TO ALL MY FRIENDS FOR STARTING A NEW SCHOOL YEAR ! ( YAY HIGHSCHOOLERS ! ) 
Soooo nervous to start highschool , but sooo excited ! Registration August 26th , and first day September 8th !!! Keep your fingers crossed that I get into ACMA next year !! ( < PROPMALE > and Communications Magnet Acadamy ! ) 
is goin to da LIBRARY ! No , I'm not a nerd :P I just enjoy the literary arts- and awesome anime stuffs :3 
I just woke up- gah , there is something wrong with me , where did the early bird go ? Well , better get ready and head over to Emi's- can't believe she's leaving me for a week !!! 
Is taking random fb quizes , because at the moment I don't have a life .... it's dark , cold , and rainy- can you blame me for NOT having one ? Gah , can't wait till highschool ... 
is bored and alone without emi here ... and on top of that mom is workin two jobs for a bit , so i can't even < PROPFEMALE > with her ... please just let me sleep these next couple of weeks away . 
Keeps waking up at noon ... gah .. if this continues I'm screwed when school starts !!! 
just finished hanging with the guys . My fingers are SO SORE from practicing the guitar . I declare guitarism as my new hobby ! thanks < PROPMALE > ! lol 
there is no food here !!!!!! 
hoping things will clear up . nooo more drama !! let the highschool years BEGIN !! 
just recieved the package that I've been waiting months for , anyone got a tissue ??? 
life just keeps speeding by . Strapped in for the ride ! 
KICK-ASS SCHED FOR SOUTHRIDGE !! 1st Tri : 1 . US Gov- lyden , 2 . Lit&Comp-shepard , 3 . Japanese- Watanabe , 4 . Computer Lit-Mullen , 5 . Algebra 1- Smith . Bring it on , biatches ! the only sucky thing is ending the day with a sucky class .... ugh , algebra ..... Also got all my brackets on . now i have NORMAL braces ! Such a busy day ! 
my cat just took off a part of my ear- big mess earlier , now it's a little better 
Ugh , trying to focus on studying the Oregon state drivers manual .... but it's soooo hard to focus . Mom was right , maybe I shoulda started earlier though . I really only have till october to get through it .... I will not stand to not have my permit any time later- aren't i just the most impatient person you've ever met ? ;D 
ugh , why does morning exist ? nobody likes it ! Man , if it's this hard to wake up at 9 in the morning , I'ma be hurting next tuesday soooo badly ! 
sooo we'll all float on all right , all ready we'll aaall float on , all right , and even if things end up a bit heavy we'll all float on all right ! 
since when do you have to be 18 to go swimming ??? It's so stupid !!! 
* yawn yawn ! * gotta get to bed early , big day tomorrow ! G'Night , lovies !!! ;3 I shall see all my friends at SOUTHRIDGE HIGH tomorrow !!!!!! woot , woot ! 
today was amazing ! I can't wait till tuesday !!!! 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE > Yewn's church for the \end of the summer\ " lock-in ! has not had a minute of sleep since 6am yesterday !!!!! LOL had a fan-frickin-tastic time !!!!! " 
So we are grilling out again . I'm not counting the holiday as part of the weekend , so therefore , this is , like , my last official weekend day of summer before I start the rest of my life as a highschooler ! 
having a grill at my place with Kel and < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > will be here soon . Time to live the rest of my life ! ;D 
? 
dude . my parents and the \adults\ " just left to go < PROPFEMALE > at the bar across the street .... sometimes I wish I were of drinking age :P " 
ohhhh ... lets see ...... only .... 30 more hours until school ... HOORAY ! ;D 
SCHOOL TOMORROW ! 
gonna eat , < PROPFEMALE > my clothes and hit the sack . got a huuuge day tomorrow ! goodluck freshmeat !!! ;D 
Had an amazing first day at school , can't wait for tomorrow ! ;) SKYHAWKS RULE ! 
Kunichiwa ! Another day , can't wait for 3rd period . 
Sitting at home just taking in tha heat ... PLEASE make the rain come soon ! 
Life is one big road with lots of signs . So when you ridin ' through the ruts , don't complicate your mind . FLEE from hate , mischief , and jelousy . don't bury your thoughts- Wake up and LIVE ! - < PROPMALE > Marley . :) 
Everything is on my mind . 
Is tired , groggy , and hungry . What a thursday- but at least tomorrow is friday , which means the next day is saturday , which means SURFING ! :D 
5:30 !?! Gah , saturdays are for sleeping in ! Oh , well ... once that first wave hits me and sends a surge of icy-ness down my back , I'll be more than awake ! 
WOOHOO IT'S FRIDAY !!! Time to get packin ! ;D 
Well , it's saturday- why aren't I at the beach ?!? Oh yeah , nature sucks .... that's why :/ 
sundaaayyy ...... still sitting at home .... nobody wants to do ANYTHING . Nobody understands that this place is small and annoying- cept me obviously ... 
Ugh , today was horrible ! 
Ugh , feels like I'm being smothered in my own mucus ... ( however the hell you spell it ! ) Sick as a dog ! :P 
< PROPFEMALE > text me if you wanna talks to me ... I think I'm off to bed early peoples , my head is killin me .. 
Lalalalala ! Is in my first musical production of ALADIN JR ! I made it through my auditions ! yay ! Kaitlynn is going to theatre ! 
is an extra in the play aladdin jr. yay , lol ! oh well it's my first play , didn't expect to get a < PROPMALE > role 
okayyy ! getting ready to do mah chores- tomorrow is friday , thank GOD !!!! 
Ah ! I'm blouncing off the walls I'm soooo excited for today ! Escpecially lunch !! 
I will miss Kye dearly ... may he rest in peace .... 
had a hard day lugging myself around on crutches ... 
just spent my whole frieking day on the couch waiting for my foot to heal ... I have a feeling this is what my whole weekend will be like ... 
heeeyyya ! Magical Herbs made my ankle better !! :D Doing math homework then possibly thinking about working on essay- txt me .. 
Sick of the crap I'm having to take from everyone ... until you really understand how I feel right now , just shut < PROPFEMALE > pie hole .... It's really stressful and all you jerks who keep baggin on me just make it worse .... so PLEASE JUST STOP . 
Oh , goodness ... knee deep in homework . Dropped the play :/ 
Iunno if any of you are in Mr. Sheppards class with me , but does anyone have some good quotes I could use from < PROPFEMALE>'s Secrets for my essay ??? 
gah , school is getting hard and I feel so over-loaded ... trying to decide if I'm gonna go to homecoming or not ... hmmm ... 
is on the last paragraph of my essay and is totally blanking- nooo !!! 
bummed that < PROPFIRST > can't < PROPFEMALE > tomorow , of all days lol ... 
life just flies by ..... :P 
Thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday .. hopefully today will go well :) 
Ugh ... wishes it was the weekend ... my birthday wasn't exactly the best ... 
Now it's too late for you and your white horse to come around . 
Oh , god .... tomorrow is friday , the week will be practically done , Greenway , then off for the weekend . Just keep it together for one more day ..... 
OMG it's finally friday !!!!! Is gonna vegge out for the weekend , study for my learners , possibly go to the beach , maybe party it up .... 
My dad should really learn that he shouldn't mess with other people's accounts .... * pretty tick right now * 
Oh , goodness ..... I have lost my mind :/ 
Wooooowww , I wish i was doing something other than cleaning . I was spose to : Go to the beach , get my learners , have a party , and they all got canceled ..... wow lol . 
do any of you guys know when we get our homecoming pics back if we purchased any ? Lol , i took the most random pic with < PROPFIRST > at th dance , and I wanna see how it turned out haha ! 
Is sooo tired .... isn't looking forward to the week ahead :/ 
Just finished watching the proposal , bathing my cat , and eating icecream .... aren't I just the lil mutitasker today ? 
Is tick for no reason :/ 
Ramen :3 .... it's what I LIVE off of , now ..... :/ 
Oh , goodness .... Life . 
Hmmm ... halloween is Saturday ... I don't have a costume , don't really want one .... WHO wants to explore catacombs and graveyards with me ?!? Have a REAL adventure with the ghosties for the big boys and girls !!! Seriously , people ! 
Things are goin back to the norm ! Is just chillaxing today on account of I'm so sore from workin out yesterday ... welp , thats what I get fer neglectin my true passion- SOCCER . :) Guess who's back ? Booyah ! 
Ugh , research ... :P 
Oh , it's < PROPFEMALE > life , oh , it's < PROPFEMALE > way , pull me outa the dark just to show me the way- crying out loud , from so far away . You pull me closer to love , closer to love :) 
Oh , goodness .... who hates it when like- they are sooo close to finishing their homework , but then they lose like all focus and goof off on Facebook ? ME ! ME ! -labels myself as \procrastinator \"-" 
Is making < PROPMALE > OWEN'S fan shirt to send to him in the mail , considering he's my #1 fan !!!! Luv ya , < PROPMALE > , LOL ! If anybody wants to start a Kaitlynn Fan Club with him , lemme know ! ;D 
Oh , goodness ... more research :/ 
Oh , my goodness- somebody feed meeee !!! I'm dying of starvation here 
Awesome ness- I have 2 fans now !!! haha , lol 
UGH ! I HATE research !!! Ohmagosh , lol ... so tired ... wishes FRIDAY would hurry up lol 
Is sooo friekin close to finishing her outline that is due tomorrow- but it falling short on the research !!!! UGH > RESEARCH !!!! 
Today is only wenesday , and It feels like this has been the longest week --- UGH ... 
Oh , my gosh .... highschool . :P 
tomorrow is THURSDAY :D 
Goodnight , Facebook .... 
Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > with me this weekend ? 
Mmmmm .... Tea :3 works wonders in calming the mind 
good night facebook and friends ... hope your monday is as \wonderful\ " as mine :P " 
all of my random fb quizes fail ... 
Oh , goodness ... is on my 3rd scope in my essay , and still isn't finished . What sucks is this time I didn't procrastinate , and I still couldn't do it . I fail , lol . Goodnight , facebook and friends ... wish me luck tomorrow ... a lot of luck . :P 
Just finished watching the most random movie ever . I think it's from like the 80's ... Men in tights , haha !! Thanks , Kel ! Is going to the DMV tomorrow ... maybe this time I'll pass :P 
Failed her friekin learners --- AGAIN ! Gah , what the hell .... Whatever . Just needs to chill :P 
Homesick :( 
Ugh , schooooool tomorrowwww .... :( 
MONDAYYYYYSSSS ...... glad this one is over , kinda starting to stress . Finals next week :P 
Oh , my god ... is it possibe to feel as lethargic as I do now ? I think my kidneys are broken from pumping blood so fast .. 
DAD RENTED < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!! Oh , < PROPFEMALE > gosh !!! Lol , so glad it's friday . 
who comes up with these random ass holidays ??? Hug a marching band person on monday ???? What the hell ??? 
wants to get out of this box I call home . 
GOING TO SEE NEW MOONNNNN !!!! 
UGH , sooooooooooooooo ready for break and the next trimester , goodbye Japanese !!!! 
Can't wait for today over and I'm out to Medford for the holiday weekend ... Kinda sucks I don't have my learners or I'd be driving .... oh , well ... 
Thank god , finals are ovvvverrrrrrrrr ! Off for the weekend of mashed taters and a big ol ' turkey ! See ya facebook ! 
< PROPFIRST > Murphay !!! -- Darkness ! LOL happy thanksgivin everyone 
Not ready to go back to Beaverton :( 
Orthodontist time ... ugh , I have a lot in store for me :P 
NOOOOOO !!!!!!! I have to wear bands again !!! 
The war is on ! Go Ducks ! 
Waiting for it to be party time !! 
OH , goodness- It is fr-eeeeeezing outside !! 
UGH ! Sooooo cold in here !!! 
is a little pissed at the moment ... Wishes people would get over it . 
Ugh , is so friekin sick ! 
C'moonnnn , sky !! Snoww !!!! 
Is so dissapointed she won't be going to < PROPFIRST>'s party ... stupid cold ... U.U 
what a night ~ 
Is doing the thing she does best ... procrastinating on my homework by facebookin , lol .... Still feels like crap . 
So much homework .... :P 
Wants this week to be OVER WITH :P ( had a rotton day ) 
< PROPFIRST > Youg = Owl City = Awesomeness . That simple . Look it up ;) ( Fireflies is their best song ! ) 
whyyy is this week going so slowwwww ??? Wants it to be this weekend already , I'm ready for my winter break !!! >.< 
Finally , Winter breaaaak !!! Going to get ready then go babysit :) happy holiday , people 
Just got a new Wii for Christmas . Woohoo !! 
Gonna skate my worries away today :P Hope I don't fall on my face XD 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
Happy new years , guys ! Just one more year before we all DIE >:D 
School tommorrow .. :P Iunno how to feel about that ... 
New hair color !!! :D I love getting my hair done ^^ 
Ah ! Southridge Idol tomorrow !!! Sooo nervous !!!! XD ( omg , and stupid OAKS testing also .... ) 
OMG idol today !!!!! Nervous as hell !!!!! 
Blue/Purple . 
Ugh- why is this week moving sooo slowww ????? DX 
Night fb .... 
babysittin tonight , text me ;P ( Is still wondering why this week is going by so slowly !! ) 
Happy Thursday , everyone :3 
Oh my god , Happy Saturday everyone !!! ' Tis finally the weekend !!! 
Is really glad we have Monday off tomorrow :) 
Aw man , it's Monday .... that means tomorrow is tuesday , and that there is gonna be school .... :P 
Is excited for open house on Thursday for ACMA * please , please , please accept me into this school !!!!! * 
GUESS WHO'S A PESKITARIAN NOOOOW ???? * points to moi * 
This week better go by fast .... honestly not looking forward to thursday * re-taking religions test for world history ( bombed it the first time ) and just hates to study ... but this is my one < PROPMALE > to boost my grade out of the danger zone ... * 
lots goin on tomorrow . 
Had a long day today , but has open house for ACMA today ! :D 
So , < PROPMALE > Piwonka should totally go to the dance with < PROPFIRST > N.C >>> lol , < PROPMALE > , you better !!! 
:( 
Had a very interesting night :) Hope I can do that again , cause I had soooo much fun thanks to my besties ... this week was pretty flat out horrible . 
The Uganda March is today !!! Everyone , please meet up at Southridge at noon and march to express our feelings on Ugandan's Human Rights ! Our voice must be heard !!!! 
I love my mom so much ! She is my best friend . She does everything for me , and understands me more than anyone . I'd be lost without her . Love you , Mom ! 
Is home and is tuning in to the news to see if I was on tv !!! :D What do we want ? -- Human Rights ! Where do we want it ? -- UGANDA 
Ugh---can't wait till our next vaca ~ Spring Break !!!! Only 2 months away ..... * sigh * lol 
Winter Catilion tonight !! 
I can already tell this weekend is going by too fast :P 
Waiting for Emi to come over , who is just taking her sweet , sweet time :P lol 
New picturesssss :D 
What . A . Day . 
Can't wait till spring break . 
Should prolly get started on my homework :/ 
WENDNESDAY !!!! WOOHOOO :P 
Ugh . So much going on . It makes me just wanna take a huge nap :) 
Hm , another eventful day with glares and such :) I wonder what I'll encounter tomorrow ? 
I like these both : Kaitlynn : the sexiest girl ON THE PLANET !! she's funny nice beautiful and all around the best girl to love in the world every girl should be like her Kaitlynn : A cool Asian girl who is a bit short with long black hair , big brown eyes , and a super awesome personality . She is totally cooler than eggrolls . LOL 
Just got done having super fun with my homies < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and Kensey :P LOL 
Once again , Facebook has made me neglect my homework :P lol ..... 
Just got home from eating sushi , exploring Portland , and hanging with < PROPMALE > Holt and Iceman . For once had a productive day :P 
SuperBowl Sunday .... football isn't my thing , so who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Gonna have a super bowl party of my own with < PROPFIRST > NC and < PROPFIRST > McNeil :) 
Over time , things are resolved on their own . I am content :) 
Working on this stupid outline . Hope i can get it mostly done by tonight . 
Night facebook . 
Happy Tuesday :P 
Just got home , some guy was stalking me and I was really scared ! So I'm like really really happy to be home . 
Just took a huge nap and now has to do my homework ... Uuuughh , I don't wanna ! DX 
Gonna party it up tonight at < PROPMALE > Holt's! Happy 15th , man ! 
Just had a fun night with < PROPFIRST > , Anne-Marie , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > . Fuuuuuun times :P 
getting my hair dooone ;D 
After four looong hours of coloring and clipping my hair is done ! Cannot WAIT for the movies tonight !!! 
Had a fun night . I am partied out XP 
Happy Valentines day everyone ! 
Had a pretty good day , overall . And --- NO SCHOOL TOMORROW :D 
had a long day , glad it's over . I am getting that ridiculous cold :P 
Phone dropped into the sink this mornin , an ' it's totally fried ... What a wonderful way to start my Friday . Hopefully I have insurance . :P Happy weekend , everyone ... 
Had a fantastic evening with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > :) Buds for < PROPFEMALE > ! Luv ya'll!!! 
So listen up everyone , I got a new phone ... however , it got rid of all of my contacts . SO- I need ya'll to text me and tell me who you are or call : 503-686-9115 . THANKS ! 
Is moving in a week !!! :D 
Happy Tuesday , peeps ... only 3 weeks and 3 days till spring break starts :D I cannot wait . 
Got my rejection letter from Acma . Second Consideration is March 5th , and I'm not giving up .... wish me luck 
American Idol just always makes me wanna get up and sing XO Lol 
Happy Wednesday . The week is already halfway over :D 
is ready to start looking into non-school related sports teams . Sorta wants to get back into Soccer/Indoor Soccer . Hope I can spare the cash ! 
I'm fed up with lying around the house and letting myself go . From now on : School is my number one priority , and I AM getting back into soccer , I AM going to get my learners , and it's GONNA be a clean start for me . I'm not letting anyone get me down , and I'm gonna pick myself up ! Okay .... so now , off to do my homework , then start readin ' up on the drivers < PROPMALE > . 
Gets the joy of job hunting today ! Thank god it's so pretty outside . 
Got quite a few applications to some work , including < PROPFEMALE > Tuesdays , Godfather Pizza and Pappa Murphies ... the rest are online . :P Hope I can get one of the jobs ! 
Sunday- and I'm already tired from boxing things up :P 
it's the end of sunday and I'm tired and really in a crappy mood at the moment . I'm more exausted than I was at the beginning of this weekend , which isn't that great of a sign ... gosh , this week scares me already . Night , facebook :/ 
Ugha , Mondays :P 
This week is already long :P But next week is finals then a week of our next tri and the : Spring Break , hell yeah ! 
My dad is rad ! He is like the best dad ever !!! OMG OMG OMG OMG 
horrible day 
So it's friday . I just got done buying myself some new bathroon accesorries and a new bed spread for my new appartment . I think my 2nd consideration interview went well , now all there is left to do it hope ! Keep your fingers crossed for me , please !!! 
Oh , how I missed facebook ! I'm officially moved in to my new appartment --- yay !! 
Is gonna learn to play the guitar :) ( or REALLY wants to learn lol ... hopefully I can stick with it ) 
Just one more day of finals , guys !!! Yaaay ~ !!!! 
So , I don't think I will be going to the movies guys :( Although I REALLY want to see the new < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland , I don't think I should be blowing off all my money right now .. Sorryyyyy ( < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , etc . ) 
You know what , < PROPFEMALE > ? You dissapoint me !!! People have no class ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > didn't deserve to go home ! Neither did < PROPFIRST > !!! You people make me sick !!!! :P Idol is ruined ! 
Is gonna < PROPFEMALE > with my buds tonight ! This week sucked , so it's nice to end it off with a partayyy !!! ;D 
so , um ... wow . :/ 
Movies ? If people answer their phones .... :/ 
Had a fun fun night with my buddies < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > :) Sooo glad we have Monday off !!! 
It's such a pretty Monday ! 
I made it into the < PROPMALE > Acadamy !!!! ( ACMA ) Come September , I'll officailly be an ACMA student !!! 
Just one more day and I'm home free ! 
One's company , two's a crowd , and three is a party ! ;D 
HAPPY FRIDAY AND AND HAPPY SPRING BREAK !!!!!! 
So , it's ten ... I'm tired , but I don't want to sleep ... and I'm incredibly bored .... somebody text me :P ( 503-686-9115 ) 
Lovely Sunday Oregon rain ... I love it , but it stopped me from goin to Seaside . Kaitlynn is sad :( I wanna see and smell the Pacific today ... Oh well , I'll just make the best of things :) 
Ugh , I'm sooo tired already , haha ! Hopes this week doesn't go by too fast ... happy spring break , everyone . 
Is off to the Oregon Zoo for the first time . It's such a nice day out ! Should be lots a fun ! :D 
Just got home from the Oregon Coast ( Cannon Beach ) It was so pretty yesterday , but it was freezing lol ! We took the detour into washington home ( seemed like forever lol ) So hello again , Beaverton ! 
Wants to rock n roll all night and party every day :D 
Hm , I'm at a loss of what I should do today .. it's so pretty out . Any ideas ? 
Ya know , some people sicken me . They make me SICK . All of you people out there who think torture and gor is a funny thing , you sicken me . I'm so dissapointed with some people . 
So , spring break is over , and I'm not ready to go back to school .... ugh . :( Somebody save me lol 
Ugh --- Fitness testing today . :P 
Found out that peppermint herbal tea with milk isn't only like christmas in a cup , but it's like the best drink ever ~~~ :D ' specially since I'm getting a cold > : L 
If you could seriously see a band in concert , who would you see ? I'm not talking < PROPMALE > Brothers crap , like something legit ( No rap , heavy medal or anything like that ) ... any ideas ? 
Hates when people who barely know you judge you and bring you down . I'm not fake . So all of you people who think I am , you can get out of my life .. 
No mile run today ! :D 
it's one of those days were I look at my contacts , pick somebody to call to see if they wanna < PROPFEMALE > , then realize they can't . They live 3000 < PROPMALE > away :P So anybody NOT from < PROPFEMALE > wanna < PROPFEMALE > tonight ? 
is gonna go see Clash of the Titans tonight with mah < PROPMALE > Kaillen ! :D 
You're never too old for Easter egg hunts , apparently ;D Happy Easter , everyone ! 
Wow , shallow ... really ? 
Sometimes it's all about turning the other cheek . Don't let selfish words get you down and don't let people tell you you can't do something or that what your doing is stupid . Allow the helpful critisism , but leave out the crap . Just something I think everyone should know . 
Ugh , I wish it were just friday night or something .. I don't want to get up and go to PE first thing in the morning .... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > I realize that all my friends have these albums about all of these great highschool memories or just memories of hanging with friends ... so I like really need to get a life and get some pictures haha ! 
NOOOOOO !!! Big < PROPFIRST > went home ! Idol is really starting to get on my nerves ... stupid people ... 
I hate when people take all thier anger out on others who didn't do a friekin thing . Just get me out of this stupid appartment so I can have a good flippin time and we'll all be good . I'm so sick of people being pissed off . 
I think i just had the best friekin day of my life . I skated with my new group of bff's for < PROPMALE>'s birthday , then went to the mall and < PROPMALE > some more , and topped off my day by laughing so hard that my rib-cage is throbbing like 20 minutes later because of Sebatian trying throw himself out of the car when seline deonce (?) singing on the mix cd ( SUCH A LOOONG FUNNY STORY !!! ) 
It's Suuuundaaaaay ! But that's okay , it's more like Saturday , cause we have monday off ! 
Hey < PROPFIRST > , don't make it bad ... take a sad song and make it better <3 
So All I was trying to do was make home-made cookies , and the chopper thingy we have decides to fall and slice my pinky up .... ouchie :( 
At < PROPFIRST>'s to end off this wonderful weekend .... stupid school tomorrow . 
I'm like sooo exausted today , oh my goodness ... I don't who why either .. Maybe I partied a little too hard this weekend ? 
I've officially been in the town of Beaverton for a year as of today . Yippee !! 
Day of Silence ! Shhhhhhhhh , no speaking ... Happy Friday :) 
Happy Sarurday ! I'mma party it up tonight with all of my best buds at < PROPFIRST>'s place ! Hoorah ! ( This is what I do to make it though the long weeks haha ! ) 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!! 1 : Random , 2 : Babe , 3 : Id Marry You , 4 : Sweet 5 : Beautiful 6 : Talkative , 7 : Hot , 8 : Fit , 9 : Funny 10 : Moody , 11 : Perfect Type , 12 : Love You 13 : Wierd 14 : Gorqeous , 15 : Stronq , 16 : The Best , 17 : Awsome , 18 :D umb , 19 : Crazy , 20 : Ridiculous , 21 : Sporty , 22 : Sexy , 23 : cute , 24 : LOVEABLE 
So I'm in the process of bleaching my hair- Oh my goodness ! I'm sooo nervous haha !!! 
Oh , my goodness . What a weekend . I got the first sunburn I've had in over a year now , then to make it worse I went to a tannin bed so my back is killing me . On the good side , though , I had an amazing time with my best buds this weekend and re-dyed my hair ( which turned out like amazingly ) so I am happy . I wouldn't say I'm ready for school tomorrow , though ... I definately need to catch some Z's! :) I love life . 
There is nothing fun about starting off your week pink . :( Oh well , I'll just have to make the best of it ! Happy Monday :D 
I love my friends so much . You all know who you are , and I want you to always know that I'm here for you . It makes me happy that I know that whatever I do , you'll always accept me . This is true friendship ! Love you guys ! 
Sometimes just staying home and relaxing by yourself is the best medicine . I feel refreshed for tomorrow . The sun is back out ! :) 
I confuse myself sometimes ... 
Gets a new dog ! I can't wait till I can actually go and pick him/her out myself ! 
It's a wonder how emotions can change in a blink of an eye . But you can't let the bad emotions get you down . Just keep your < PROPFEMALE > up and keep on smiling . Happy Friday :) 
Loves my new furry addition to the family- Ziggy !!! :D 
Hopefully tomorrow wont be as bad . 
Oh my goodness , I FINALLY found a Kaitlynn that spells her name exactly the way I do !!! It's the end of the world , I swear ... FML haha !! 
Is it just me , or is this week going by painfully slow ? Oh well , happy Thursday 
Nothin like old tunes and a < PROPFIRST > yearbook to make you think of the more simple times in life :) 
It's Friday and I'm ready to Partyyy ... 
Is already dreading this week . Can't it be Friday already ??? 
I don't know why , but I just get the most awesome healthy feeling when I eat a salad ... Yum ^^ 
Ugh , it seems like today has been such a long day ... What sucks is tomorrow I have to get up and do it all over again :( Also , I went to the SRHS soccer meeting ... not quite convinced about joining . I reaaaally wanna get back into soccer , but I also would like to have my options . 
Ugh , today was horrible ! Well , at least I know i'm pretty much over this flu ... However , to end this amazingly terrible day , when I finally got some inspiration and felt like painting again , I couldn't find my box of paints and painting tools .... Oh , how life works :P 
It sucks that right after I get over the flu , I get a serious cold and can barely breathe ! Ugh , just my luck , of course ! >_< 
it's the little things in life that get us the most ... 
Oh , goodness . I got all my new < PROPMALE > supplies today- can't wait to st < PROPMALE > painting again- thank you , Michaels !! 
Today is the kind of day I just want to be out in the woods reconecting with mother earth . It is mothers day , after all -- and it's the perfect day for it too . 
Well , didn't get to go out like I wanted to , but still a pretty good day overall . I got back in touch with my artist side , so I know I'll be a lot more let loose for a while ... however , nomatter HOW happy I am , I won't be ready for this weekend to end ... stupid school . Can't it be June already ??? 
Mmmm , nothing better than walking your crazy little dog at night in the pouring rain with short shorts on and a tank top !! Sometimes , I hate Oregon's bipolar weather :P 
Why must boys think it's just so important to stick thier heads out the car window and shout innapropriate and pointless things to girls as they drive by ? They are only making fools of themselves ... -_- 
Oh my goodness , such a great Friday !!! 
Well , no saturday market today , but I guess there's always another day ... at least I can let my foot heal today . Gosh , I'm such a cluts .. 
Had such a tiring weekend , and I'm most definately not ready for school tomorrow ... It seems like as every day passes I would rather just stay at home more and more ... why can't summer come faster ? 
Turning up the speakers , openin ' the windows , listening to oldies music and letting all my worries melt away ... This is what life is all about here , man . 
Hmmm ... just heard that people are taking hair ( no matter what condition ) for the oil spill in the gulf .... but they need it now . Hmmmmm , maybe maybe ~ I'll have to think about it some more . Happy Thursday . OH , and Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > Seiler !!! Looovee you !!! 
FRIDAY !!! 
Best night so far :D but , at least I can sleep without Chuckie tonight ! Good luck , < PROPFIRST > Seiler ! lol 
So , this Monday wasn't the best , but there is always tomorrow . :) 
Could really go for like some chocolate right now ... I'm just in one of those moods lol . 
OMG ! Thunder AND lightning in Portland ! I missed that sooo much ! 
Feels like one of those weeks where you just want to sleep through everything and never wake up ... 
Oh goodness , I can't wait till this weekend . :P First on my weekend agenda , I am going to sleep , then sleep , followed by some more SLEEP ! :D 
Rely on your own strength of body and soul . Take for your < PROPFEMALE > self-reliance , faith , honesty and industry . Don't take too much advice — keep at the helm and steer your own ship , and remember that the great < PROPMALE > of commanding is to take a fair share of the work . Fire above the < PROPFIRST > you intend to hit . Energy , invincible determination with the right motive , are the levers that move the world . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Just finished dying my hair ... wha a change ! 
DT Portland , here I come ! Rain or shine , I'm always ready to get out ! ;D 
Family grill today , hope we don't get rained out :P 
Nothing more exciting and random than waking up , and giving your maniac dog a bath haha . I am so weird :P 
Just a simple weekend that moved way too fast ... Oh , goodness ... at least there are only 13 days left of school ( not counting weekends ) ... but who knows how I'm going to be spending this summer . :P 
Realized that there really isn't anything better than a cat nap after school haha ... 
Soft n ' chewy homemade sugar cookies !!! OMG YUUUM !!! :D 
I hate what is happening to our ocean ... it's going to kill everything ... 
Oh , Mondays :/ at least there's only two more of them for this school year ! I can't believe I'm already almost a sophmore ... 
Noooooo ! Pacer run today , gah ! DX 
Realizes I'm in one of those fiesty moods ... nobody mess with me , lol .. 
People these days are just so .... so crazy ! And not in the good way ... It just leaves me in utter shock what some have to say or do . 
I am more than ready for the clouds to go away . Where's the sun ? It's almost summer , for crying out loud ! D: 
Summer is so close , yet so far away ! Ugh , why can't it be like naaaooowww ! DX 
Anybody got 2 extra graduation tickets for sunday ??? If not two , one is fine :P I need to know ASAP 
Camron only wishes I could be like him . However , I choose NOT to be a TOTAL wierdo . Thanks for hackin my profile , little bro . 
It's the seniors big day ... too bad I don't have a ticket to go see them graduate . 
I'm WANT to save up so MAYBE I can go on an Alaskan Cruise possibly next year ... but the cheapest one I can find at the momment is like over $500 and seriously ,... since when do I ACTUALLY save up for something ? LOL . 
Only 4 more days of freshman year and then I have the whole summer to enjoy myself . Oh , gosh , I just hope this week doesn't drag out too much ! 
Sittin outdoors , listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and thinking aboutthe better things in life . Could it be any more simple than that ?? 
First day of summer , and guess what I'm doing !?! CHORES ! :D 
Well , yesterday I had my hair chopped off , which created a roller coaster of emotion ... but to make it better < PROPFEMALE > came over and we saw Toy Story 3 , which actually wasn't bad at all ... maybe today will be a bit calmer .... I miss my hair ... :( 
Misses her long ... ish hair .. :( 
It seems like all of my friends are away on vacation ... bummer that I'm still here :P lol 
Ya know those dreams you have that are like really bizzare , but they feel like they are like so real that when you wake up you check on whatever happened in your sleep to make sure that it did or didn't happen ? Yeah , I totally just had one and it wasn't fun ! 
Gosh , I can't wait till this weekend ... I'll be getting out of the appartment for once lol . Going down to Medford to see the family . 
Goal for next school year : More B's on my report card ! D; I definately don't like the D and F I'm seeing right now .. 
I definately don't miss school ... but I miss the people from school . And the socializing ! XP People who aren't gone on summer vacation , talk to meee lol ! 
I <3 < PROPFIRST > McNeill , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Siebler , & Makayla Borchert :) 
Hangin with the cousins :) Fun stuff 
What a day ... Bbq with the family and chillin at the cousins house now . Kinda sad that I go back home tomorrow ... 
Just got home from Medford . Had a fun weekend :) Thank the French for the creation of bikinis !!! ;D 
I need to get out more . 
I wanna go to Eclipse tonight :( Too bad I'm poor and tickets are sold out 
I miss the old days , where you could step outside your house and be away from it all and you could see a whole universe in the night sky . I miss playing in the warm rain , too :( 
The people who always got your back are the ones are the only ones who's opinions you should care about . I love you < PROPFIRST > McNeill <3 
Just watched Miley < PROPMALE>'s new music vid \Can't be Tamed . \ " I think that < PROPMALE > needs to put her big girl pants back on and act like a normal human being . :P " 
I just realized Sunday is the 4th . Time to light it up ! XD Who's got the morters ?!? 
hanging with my bestest friend < PROPFEMALE > ( mah luver ) < PROPFIRST > McNeill <3 
Goin to see the Portland Timbers vs . Vancouver Whitecaps ( I think that's what they're called , anyways :P ) at 7 . Woohoo , time for some REAL football ! 
Timbers game was awesome last night ! Love the soccer atmosphere ! The crowd sorta reminded me of being in a huge pep rally for soccer haha ! The bestest part is though , I got a foam finger ! :D 
Listening to the fireworks go off from my balcony . If only I could see or at least shoot a couple of my own off . I have to admit , though , I like the quietness of being home alone right now . Happy 4th of July :) 
This would be the time where I would head over to the neighbors and all of us would run around like the bunch of crazy kids we are .... gosh , I miss those days . :/ I miss my friends . 
Squash Casserole = AMAZINGNESS ! :D 
SOCIALIZATION ! 
I wanna be at the beach right now . 
Why do I have the crappiest songs stuck in my head ? It's killing me ! 
Christian Bauer : We'll be down at My Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s Sunday night , so maybe we'll see you there ? 
Off to Palm Springs , CA !!!! FInally , a summer vacation ! ;D See you guys around ! 
Sitting in the car with the grandparents , almost to sacremento , where we will spending the next couple of nigts with my great uncle Johnny ~ let the vacation begin ! <3 
Passing LA now , and only a couple hours or so until I reach Palm Springs ~ can't wait to get out of the car for a good 10 days or so !!! 
Finished sun tanning not too long ago and I can already see a bikini line ! Oh mah goodness . Maybe I won't be so white when I go back home ! :D 
Just saw Eclipse ... Epic stuff ! 
Waiting for my hair to air dry , then I'm off to walliworld for some groceries and stuff . :p then it's thursday market ! I certainly hope it's not 117 degrees out again ! D: 
Finally some clouds and less heat ! 
What if ..... Justin Bieber has a really low voice in person , and he just alters his voice for his music and stuff ??? Haha ! Somebody doesn't want to seem like they've already gone though puberty ! I wonder what his concerts are like .... >.> 
If life is full of endless possibilities , why don't people make at least a few of them happen ? 
When life gives you lemons , squirt the juice in the eyes of your enemies ! :D 
On the beach , catching some sun , loving life :3 
Bahahaha , FML ... 
I miss my animals :'( 
I can finally walk around like a normal human being haha ! The sunburn's healing ... slowly . Hopefully , I'll look decent by thursday ... 
I'm like the only one out of all my friends with such short hair ! D: it's killing me , I want my long hair back NOW !! DX 
Hm ... trust . Something you can't easily come by these days . Can't even trust yourself anymore . 
Another day ... I'm much better . In some ways . 
You'd like to think that when you leave a place , time just stands still and that when you go back , it will all just be the same ... But time does move and even if it moves slowly , the seconds add up . So when you go back to what you left , already have it in your head that it will never be the same as it was before ... 
Today , I brought my boyfriend of a year and a half to meet my parents . Turns out he dated my mom . This should be a fun dinner . FML\ 
\ 
( Ahhhhhh , when life's got you down , go to fmylife.com and laugh at how much more other's life sucks . Then , you won't feel as bad :D ) 
Here's my day .... sleeping , watching movies , gave dog a bath and a bit of online shopping . < PROPFIRST > McNeill ~ We can still < PROPFEMALE > out later if you want , I apoligize for not texting you or < PROPFEMALE > ing earlier , I just wasn't in a very social mood :P Luv you ! <3 
I love you , < PROPFIRST > McNeill ! You're the best friend I could ever ask for ! 
It's crazy how much people can change a little over a year . Oh my goodness !!! 
Hiking with family and friends today at Horsetail falls ! :D I'm home , Oregon !!! :D going to the River later . 
So ... tired ... can't ... mooove !!! DX Hiking was sooo tiring ! 
I miss the good old days where even if I had absolutely NOTHING to do in the summer , I always had soccer practice . :( I miss kickin the ball around and hanging with some of the best friends I've ever had . 
I need a new hobby .. something you don't always need inspiration to do ... but then again- everything you do is inspired by something or somebody . 
Possibly the last ortho appointment WITH braces !?! I hope so ! 
Sadly , I came home with my braces once again . But I also got a work out- definately riding my bike there next time . 
Woohoo ! My mom got the job !!! This is a huge thing for us and it will make our lives a bit easier ! Congrats , Mom ! 
It's times like right now I knew where my cord is for my camera so I could upload my fabtabulous new < PROPMALE > haha .... but sadly , people don't remember where they put my stuff .... thanks . :( 
My creative mind is too much for me to handle . So many creative ideas ... not enough skill to get it onto an empty canvas . :( It's rather frustrating . 
\There's a possibility 
I miss the old days ... Sometimes I wonder what it would be like if I still lived that life ... 
Dress shopping today . 
< PROPFEMALE > so everyone I need you're feedback . I'm going to a wedding in 2 weeks and I have 2 dresses I have to choose from and i don't know which one to go with . They are the first 2 photos tagged in my tagged photos . for whichever one you like the most , please either comment or like it so I know . Thanks ! 
< PROPFIRST > Lambert would make a pretty girl . <3 Haha 
Going to the River today with the folks , < PROPFIRST > , Kell , and < PROPFEMALE > ! Should be a good time :3 
SOMEBODY needs to answer their phone ! 
I'm exausted from the river today . It was a lot of fun , though <3 
Okay , I think it's safe to say that you are still to be considered a kid if you pick all the marshmellows out of the lucky charms and eat them before you eat the cereal . Lol . 
Really ,.... really ? 
There are so many things I wanna say , and so many actions I wanna take , but will they make a difference that will effect me in a good way ? 
went to ACMA and got my daily schedule made for the entire year . Hey , guys , if you ever feel like skipping out on health 1 in your freshman year , and they don't offer it at your new school , GUESS WHAT !?! You get to re-take BIOLOGY ! Woohooo !!! It's like I'm going to a science school , I've got Chemistry , Biology , and Health 2 to take this year :P 
September 7th !!! I can't friggin wait ! 
Pool today , cus it's friggin hot ? I hope so ! ^^ I'mma jump off the highdive and do fantastical tricks and hopefully not die ! :D 
Another day , another sunburn . But totally worth it ! 
Who just finished another work of < PROPMALE > ? This person did ! :D My mood has officially been boosted for the day 
I\m up at 3 in the morning and not even the slightest bit tired .. something's up . " 
I wish I could catch the brightest stars in the sky and keep them in a jar in my room . I would take that jar out every night to remind myself of the good days . 
Ahhhh !! The light is back in the sky and I made it alive through the night ! Woohoo ! XD 
Dude , \Dinner for Schmucks\ " is amazing ! I highly recomend it to anyone who needs a good laugh ! " 
Camron's got soccer practice today ... I'm jelous . 
You have no idea how happy I am that it's FINALLY not always < PROPFEMALE > and it's not like super super hot ! I LOVE IT ! :D ( Now watch it get < PROPFEMALE > and hot and slightly humid ... haha .. ) 
I am definately more than ready for school to start ... 
I want the house with the fenced in yard , with the stream in the back and the trees to climb ... along with the happy memories . :3 
New painting uploaded ... feedback ? CONSTUCTIVE CRITISISM please !?! 
Everyone's on facebook on a friday night . :P Haha 
I have the feeling I won't sleep tonight ... Painting at midnight ? May be possible . 
Wedding today ! Congrats Kell and < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 Cant wait till tonight ! 
Off to the wedding ! I hope it cools down ! DX 
The wedding was so beautiful ! < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > PICKELL -- I wish you the best of luck with eachother and hope you get nothing other than many years of happiness with eachother ! <3 
To be honest ... I really hope this whole band idea works out . It's something I've always wanted to do . We don't even have to make it big .. It's just for fun to me ;D 
Hm . Only about ten more days until registration day at the < PROPMALE > acadamy , then school st < PROPMALE > s September 7th ... I wish the days would move by faster ... the heat makes it seem like it's going so much slower , too :( What a draaag . 
Gonna go see Switched with Emi tonight , should be funny ~ Then sunday , Vampires suck ! Woohoo !!! XD 
Ohmigosh ... \Switched\ " was such a good movie ! So hear t-t ouching ! :D " 
FINALLY ! It's actually COLD outside ! :D I swear , if it gets < PROPFEMALE > and hot again , I will not be a happy person ! D:< Oh , and you guys might wanna stay away from eggs . Huge recall , again , I guess . That's what food companies get for shooting up our food with steriods and chemicals . Maybe we wouldn't have so many recals if the company's would just put their drugs away . :P 
Sometimes you gotta ask yourself : \Am I being selfish 
Hopes that I don't start school with a stuffy nose and a sore throat . :P that would really suck . 
I could use a good time out right now . :P I'm way over-due for a fun visit to DT Portland ! 
I hate it when I'm trying to have a conversation and I can't stop studering . Can you spell st-stu-stupi-d-d , STUPID ? 
Party at my place tonight ! Should be funnn :) 
Movie daaaay ! Man , this is like the first day I've stayed home with the family in such a long time ! XD 
Gots Babysitting moneeeys ! I'm gonna actually DO STUFF this week ! :D Maybe tomorrow I'll go swimming , tuesday possible sushi with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and my mother , bowling on wednesday , REGISTRATION on Thursday , and Friday I'm just gonna try to party it up ! WOOHOOO for summer ! ^^ 
It's sad , that you always have to wake up from the good dreams . 
Sushi with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and Madre today ! Yum ! 
ACMA Registration today ! :D ... too bad I'm going alone ... ( Not counting my madre ... ) 
People have no idea how much politics sickens me . All the crap going around about Musli-phobic stuff has to stop , it's rediculous . < PROPFEMALE > just seems to be getting worse and worse when it comes to racism and it's getting old . So people , just because of 9/11 , doesn't mean that all people of that ethnicity are out to bomb our country ! Why can't we all just seriously get along , sheesh ! 
Dude ... I can't wait for school to start . ACMA is so awesome haha ! XD 
Mall with Em and < PROPFIRST > today . Kinda regretting spending all my money yesterday hahaha XD . Oh well . 
Home . Pretty tired , but I'm kinda wishing I had something to do tonight other than sit at home ... 
I miss the old days ... and I miss my old friends .... 
I'm jelous of all the people back in Fannin going to the first Rebels game tonight . Go Rebels ! I'm rooting for ya on the West Coast ! <3 
Looking at old childhood pictures is fun . 
You know it's a born talent when you dont ' need inspiration from anything , it just happens . 
Ortho appointment tomorrow !!! Braces off ??!!!! * crosses fingers * 
School starts in a week ! Woohoo , I'm so excited ! 
OMG ! I am for sure getting my braces of on November 15 ! I can't wait , dude ! The only thing that sucks about it though , is I have to go through an hour and a half of pain ! DX But- sooo worth it !!!!! 
Best day in a long long time ! :DDDD <3 Night ! 
Sun in the sky , you know how I feel\ 
Birds flying high , you know how I feel\ 
Breeze driftin ' on by , you know how I feel\ 
It's a new dawn\ 
It's a new day\ 
It's a new life for me\ 
And I'm feeling good :) 
I'm in an artsy mood today ... I sorta want to write a song . \ 
Too bad I'm horrible with words haha XD 
Tomorrow is gonna be fun >:D 
There's always one . :P 
fun night <3 
So ... sore hahah ! And tired and STARVING 
Man , I hope I'm not so sore tomorrow haha ! At least I know I'll definately sleep good tonight . 
Packing today . Might leave tonight , hopefully tomorrow morning though ... geaahhh , now I'm sorta wishing school started like on wednesday ... just so I'd have that last day at home to do whatever I wanted and not be stuck in a car for most of the day . 
Packing for Medford ! :P then when I come back school lol . I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad . 
Up early and off to Medford ! I'm so tired though ! 
Seriously needs someone to talk to at this point ... 
Heading home in the late afternoon , then the next day is school ! :D --- I . Am . SO . Excited !!! I won't be able to sleep , LOL ! Just like the old days :) 
guess what !?! Only ... 30 hours and 40 minutes till school starts :O 
Finally home ! That had to be the longest car ride home from medford ever ! School tomorrow , can't wait ! :D 
First Day of School = Pure Awesomeness ... This is DEFINATELY the school for me . ;) 
I am officially going to hate Government class . :P 
HUG A VEGITARIAN DAY -- September 24th ! :D My new favorite holliday lol ! 
Even if you don't know her , keep < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in your prayers . Her foot got caughted in her bike today and she got hit by a bus . Abulances came and we were even on the news , but when they took her away , no alarms were sounded . It looks like the worst for the 7th grader , but we got to keep hope . As a witness of the entire event , I can only say that I am lucky to be where I am now . That girl coulda been anybody . 
Well , I finished my Government homework earlier than expected , so that was nice .... I found out that the girl < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is going to live , so I'm happy . Hopefully she will be able to live life normally after this . Now that all my stress has drained away I am going to sleep . Nighty night . <3 
I am loving my new school ! Had a pretty fantastic week , sept I'm not looking forward to Chemistry and the work in Government . But , what can you do ? --- The people there are so nice ! :D I fit in pretty well 
Half of me is glad that it's friday , cause that means I get to sleep in in the morning ... the other half ... not so happy . I wanna be at ACMA . It's like ... sanctuary . LOL ! I am a special one :3 
Contemplating on whether or not I should go to Camrons game or not .... it looks sorta pretty out , and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are going ... but I don't know if I want today to be a lazy day or not ... hmmmm ..... 
Hangin with the Moores :) Epic fun ! 
Got sunburned at Cam's game yesterday .... now I have this big red sqaure in the middle of my cheast .... it's quite rediculous . And it burns . 
Another fun day at ACMA . But it's about time I < PROPMALE > out with somebody after school or did something .... I'm super lonely . 
Good Lord . -__- 
Well , today's events did not go as well as I would have liked , but life goes on . I'm grounded for the week , so that's sorta a bummer . My moccasin hunting plans for Thursday have been thrown out the window and died . Cold feet for camping ! :D 
Tiring day , walked home and got drizzled on a little . It was nice and cool though . :) 
This week has gone by so fast . Camping for the weekend with the Moores , and it's definately gonna be a blast ! 
For once actually got my homework done while hanging with somebody lol ! Quite an accomplishment on my part . Going to pack then I leave after school tomorrow ! Preeeetty Exciting ! :) 
Ohhhh , I also forgot to tell People that my new nickname is Freckles ! It's pretty awesome , and it sticks hahah ! Thanks , < PROPFIRST > ! :) You made me a happy person hahah 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > then it's off to Seaside ! :) 
Home early from camping , really tired . Very interesting camping trip , I might add . The coons had me spooked last night , and the monsoon weather wasn't all that welcoming , either . Good to be home . 
I realize that the hardest part of being an artist , is being like a parent , in a way . We have to let our children , our creations , go someday . Once that is done , we cannot control the judgements and critiques that they recieve . 
It's good to be home on sunday , and the weather is ... perfect . It's cold , cloudy , and the rain is coming and going . Just the way I like it . :) 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish\ 
is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering\ 
scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but\ 
the evil Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% wo ... n't\ 
copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Im screwed for my Political cartoon assignment due on wednesday for government . \ 
Bad ... very very bad . 
Yuck , I feel so gross . I have the worse headache ever . And I feel a cold comin on . 
There is surely somebody who can teach me to play guitar . I need some serious help . 
Just got back from back-to-school clothes shopping and is currently uploading the New \Almost Alice\ " sountrack to my itunes . I am pooped . :P " 
Nooooo ! DX I have been attacked by the cold ! 
Don't let the phyco-minded people get you down . Just keep on livin life the way you chose and don't let anyone control you . At first it's hard , but in the long run , it's worth it . 
I . Hate . Having . Colds . :P 
Even when your life seems like it's as low as it can go , there will always be that one or two or even three people that will make the bad part of life not matter :) And to those people , I can only say thanks for standing by my side . 
Spent another day home in bed , trying to rid of the sniffly stuffy nose , soar throats and coughing . It has barely gotten better . I just want it to go away , it's so horrible ! DX Curse you , back to school cold ! 
Oh my gosh , Government and Geometry are so overwhelming , I feel like I'm going to cry . And we're not even a month into school yet . UGH . 
To all my friends back on the East coast , I want to say I love and miss you alll and that I can promise that SOMEDAY I will come back to visit . I can't say when , but it will happen . I will make sure of it . Night ! <3 
OMG its International Hug a Vegitarian day ! I haven't gotten one hug all flippin day ! D: Nobody loves me :'( . Oh well , I dont ' blame them for not wanting to give me a hug . I'm all sick and stuff . 
Ugh , just when you think you just MIGHT be getting better , the cold comes right back at cha and slaps you in the face . The headaches are back . 
I want sushi . 
Back to dreading Sundays ... because , well ... its Sunday . :P 
is going to buy herself a ukulele . :D 
Chocolate pudding and Cool Whip . Yes . 
Monday , Monday , Monday .... how I dread thee . 
So , English 9/10 is officially my favorite class . And Mr. Sikking is the best teacher . I wish I had that class everyday , it'd make life so much better haha . 
Anyone who is in Government with me .... am I the only one who doesn't get the Penn Charter at all ? Because I'm pretty lost . It's rediculous . 
Awful , stressful day . I just want everything to go away for a while . 
\In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
Crappy day . 
It seems I'm not the only one who had a crappy day . This is wierd haha . Maybe it's just today in general , or something else , messing with all of our minds . 
Scratch Crappy -- CRAZY day . That could be crappy along with a long list of anything else . 
Ugh , I give up on my homework tonight . It's rediculous . 
\The road to success is lined with many tempting parking spots\ " -Unknown . " 
I just have to get through tomorrow then the week is done :) Hopefully Saturday I'll be able to go to DT Portland and check out some possible 16th birthday set-ups . Only 21 more days ! :D 
where did I get all of these bruises ?!? O.O Do i beat myself up in my sleep ?!? 
CAMRON HAS FRIENDS ! :D Had a good night with all my friends . 
Company of thieves . Hell yes . 
Interesting night . Freezing . 
Sometimes i wish I could just walk away from all the technology and not feel the need to have to use it constantly . 
I don't want to do my Government homework ! DX 
feels somewhat a sense of accomplishment on her government homework now that she is almost done . She did it all by herself for the most part , and didn't wait till later tonight to do it , which would have resulted in her having a panic attack -_- 
I hope my creative mind doesn't lead to my downfall any time soon . I have big ideas . 
Monday ! :D ( Ewwie . ) 
My sweet 16 is going to be the best . :) 
I am loving life right now ! Everything is just so right ! If you just stay positive through the bad , the new day is going to come and all will be glorious . <3 
It seems that whenever I get happy or excited for something , a series of unfortunate events comes and punches me in the face one by one . I did not enjoy today one bit . There is not a single thing that i would say i made it through the day for ... so much for my modivational status this morning ... sorry guys . 
It's a new day and a fresh start . Today will be better . 
Is totally being the Flower Girl at < PROPMALE>'s wedding during Access on the 13th ! 
Wow , really ? You are just THAT mature . Well , your little mind games aren't goin to get to me this time . 
THURSDAYYYY ! ( But , really FRIDAAAYYYY !!! ) Who wants to party ?!? 
Sushi with < PROPFIRST > McNeill and < PROPMALE > Piehl Always makes everything better <3 
Definately a lazy day . 
Its not official , unless it's on Facebook :P 
We must learn to live with the choices we make . There is no point in regretting the ones we don't make , but trying to make the best out of the ones we do make . 
Well , everyone is out partying and damn it , I wanna party too !!!!! DX 
Hm , I wonder . Does ACMA have school dances ??? 
Ah ... Sunday night- And I did absolutely NOTHING productive this weekend whats-so-ever- I would like to say I'm ready for Monday . Cept the fact that it is a B day which means : Government and Biology . Crap . G'night , Facebook ! <3 
The weeks are finally starting to get slower . School has finally kicked in . 
Storming up another painting idea . Keep em coming , creative mind of mine . 
Only 2 more days ! I'm soooo excited ! ( for my party , anyways . ) 
Sweet 16 party tomorrow !!! :D Happy Friday , everyone ! 
Take out the dog , clean the house , buy the snacks , and wait for tomorrow to start ! I am SOOOO EXCITED ! :DDDD This is going to be the best birthday party EVER ! 
PARTY TIME . <3 
It's cake time . <3 
Thanks everyone for the early birthday wishes and I want to thank every single person who was involved in my sweet 16 ! It was epic , and it wouldn't have been without the help of my parents and my friends . I love you all <3 
Ugh , Sometimes I just want to scream at people ..? 
woke up from a nap cause I wasn't feeling good . I looked at the clock and it read 7:15 . It was dark outside , so for some reason I thought that I had slept all night , and that I was late for school . I jumped out of bed as fast as I could to yell at somebody for not waking me up sooner . as soon as I reached the living room and saw everyone watching Iron Man 2 , I realized i had only been asleep for an hour . I am dumb . 
I want to thank everyone sooo much for the birthday wishes ! <3 It's been a good year and I'm ready for the next to go by ! ( hopefully not too fast , though ) 
Shoes . 
I just want to say . My life is perfect at the moment . I had the best birthday I could ever wish for . I have the best family and friends to support me- too many to name in one facebook status update . I live in a wonderful place . It's fall . I go to an amazing school beyond my wildest dreams . I just want to thank everyone for making me feel this way . You all rock !!! <3 
hanging with < PROPFIRST > Skylar AND < PROPFEMALE > Aldridge ! Love you guyyysss !!! 
sleepover at < PROPFIRST > Skylar's place tonight ! Just played some mad rounds of Halo Reach and now girl talk ! <3 
Is being a total facebook junkie and is posting twice within the same like ... 15 ... 30 minutes ? It's raining !!!! :D And I'm freezing , which means winter is coming ! Lovin ' Oregon ? 
Just had breakfast with < PROPFIRST > and then going to Syma's later to film :) - Should be fuuuuun ! <3 
Yet another sleepover with Syma tonight !!! Lol , haven't been home all weekend . Kinda nice . <3 
I'm not angry , I'm just saying- Sometimes goodbye is a second < PROPMALE > . 
So there is apparently this truth game going around , and I'm a dork so I'mma try it . Like this status and I'll tell you the truth . : D <3 
Just ordered a webcam online ! :3 
I love life . 
Tired lol . The week is almost over though , so that's good .. Halloween weekend coming up ! Gonna party with my bestest frands ! :3 
Chillin like a villian with < PROPFIRST > ! We is evil companions 
Getting a shoulder to the jaw really doesnt feel too good . 
home-made pumpkin bread on halloween . :) Can't wait to go trick-r-treatin with the girls tonight ! :D 
Wonders where her pastels are . She feels like making < PROPMALE > today :) 
So ... tired . Ugha . 
Ugh . So glad tomorrow is friday . Talk about a horrible week . 
Kinnect with < PROPFIRST > . :) 
Hanging with < PROPFIRST > , then when my folks get home it's off to the mall with mom . :) 
Um so yeah . I want my job to be a professional gift-giver . It's the best feeling to see somebody light up when you give them gifts . :) 
So , there are two things I wanna do . I want to model . I want to learn to bring the inner beauty out through a photograph . And two : I want to be the photographer for models so I can bring out the inner beauty in others , as well . 
Just went through her Ipod and feels so tidy now for some reason . 
Lol < PROPFIRST > Skylar : \What's with the corners ?... More edges . \ " good times " 
< PROPFEMALE > Nething , Syma < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Skylar do you think we could all meet up this week so I can work on my commercial for Intro to Creative writing ? I decided we're doing a whip-cream commercial so we can bake a pie and stuff ! Call/text me asap !!!! 
All the things you put me through ... all the crap you gave me . It made me stronger , in a way , and taught me not to be such a pushover . I thank you for that . But it was worth going through all of that so you wouldn't be in my life anymore :) 
Busy week . So tired ! 
How did we meet ? :3 
I am so tired ! Why can't today be Wednesday and I can have my 4 day weekend now !?! Everything is so overwhelming and I can't even draw to vent !!!!! Can I just sleep for a hundred years ? Please ... 
We all need to work together to make this world a better place . There are definately some messed up things in this world that need to be taken care of . 
4 more days till braces come off !!!!! :D 
Just got done walking back home from the ortho , still trying to warm up ! DX Now my hair is all curly from the fog . UGH ! 
Sometimes , it's good to look back at the old letters and remember what we really are , and where we came from . Never be ashamed . 
ONE MORE DAY !!!!! :DDDD 
Had the best day with my girls . <3 
MY BRACES COME OFF TOMORROW ! :D 
My mouth feels funny . 
Looks like I'm walking alone tonight :/ 
Hurry up , week ! Take me to the weekend , I wanna spend some time with my girls ! :D 
A clean mouth is a happy mouth :) I was waaaaay overdue for a dentist appointment . SO glad that's out of the way ;D 
Retainers .... they taste funny . And make you talk funny . :P 
So I want to totally have a photoshoot with the girls soon . just for fun <3 When is everyone avaliable ? 
Oregon , I never ask for much from you , but will you PLEASE SNOW soon ?!? :D * crosses fingers for sunday forecast * 
There are so many fabulous things and I want them ! <3 
Midnight premiere of < PROPMALE > Potter ... and I can't go :( 
Hey everyone , so I just wanted to thank you for your concern . but I will be fine . My head got smashed in a door today and I blacked out . I was sent home early and have just been resting for the rest of the day . I'll be back at school tomorrow . Sorry for the scare , everyone . <3 
Just watched Grown Ups ... reaaaaally funny . :3 \ 
Now to take Ziggy out for his final walk ... that'll make my head feel much better ... :P 
It is Saturday morning and I am seriously watching the old Sonic X cartoon . Life is good :) 
Cleanin the house . Oh , fun ! Little Shop and sleepover with Chels tonight , though :) 
I just hit my head where the bump is on my way out of the appartment on my front door ... I had to sit down for a second ... man , I am ditzy . :( 
Little Shop was AMAZING ! I am so proud of everyone for doing such a fantastic job ! And the sleepover with < PROPFIRST > was pretty great too ;D 
< PROPMALE > Potter = Awesomeness . \ 
That is all . 
Now let it snow ! Pretty please ? 
Oh , gosh I love my ACMA friends . <3 
Like , and I'll be brutally honest : Like , Dislike , and First impression . :3 
There was snow ... for a total of like ... 5 minutes . Now there isn't any . God is toying with me ! D: 
I better wake up in the morning to find out that school is canceled cause I just had snow pelted in my face and I couldn't tell the difference between teh sidewalk and the street ! SCHOOL SHOULD BE CLOSED ! D:< Or dere will be some serious hurtin'!!! 
No school for the beaverton school dist . WOOHOO ! :D 
Can you say , WWIII ? This Korea stuff on the news is really scarey . This is all I can picture : < PROPFEMALE > tried to intervene and next thing we know , missles are being thrown at us by North Korea ! Quick , to the basement ! 
Hey , ACMA people ! What is tomorrow , and A day or is it still a B day ? I need to know asap ! :P 
feels like breaking something . 
Oh , goodness . I am worn out ! I've been cleaning quite literally since I got home . I'm sore from re-arranging furniture and making sure my room is * SPOTLESS * for tomorrow . Apparently we are hosting Thanksgiving in my room . :P And I'm still not even finished ! DX SIGH . Tomorrows to-furkey BETTER be damn worth it ! D:< 
Happy Black Friday , everyone ! While you suckers out there are shopping for the holidays and are stuck in loooong lines , the Baugh family , and < PROPFIRST > are enjoying our day watching old movies and enjoying a nice cozy fire . :) \ 
BTW : < PROPFIRST > McNeill , Have a great day at work , sweetie !!! GOOD LUCK ! <3 LOVE YOUUUUU 
Sitting here on a Friday night and haven't done a thing all day . I am going somewhat crazy . SOMEBODY SAVE ME ! Text me , call me , I'm up for anything . 
Always gotta put your best foot forward ... 
< PROPFEMALE > + the Machine = <3 
Sleepovers Rock . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > comming over for a sleepover . Gonna be SO FUN :D 
I find it funny that on a Saturday night , I could go to chat and have the option of talking to 40 different people ... Lol . Our generation is such a group of go-getters ... 
Isn't looking forward to school tomorrow ... at least it is an A day . :P 
Just finished her 2nd Critical Review for Intro to Creative Writing on < PROPFEMALE > + the Machine's , \Dog Days Are Over . \ " :D " 
Why can't it be winter break already ? I am ready to spend time with the family and be away from the city for a while . 
Has to push herself for the rest of this week to make sure she has good grades in every class . Don't mind the tears of frustration or the attitude , people ! It's gonna be a long week . 
Katie : Kaitlynn ... did it hurt ? \ 
Me : When I fell from Heaven . Why yes , it did :) \ 
< PROPFEMALE > K : No , when you fell out of the ugly tree and hit your face on every branch on the way down ! \ 
~ LOL good times in Ceramics ! XD 
trying to erase the bad memories ... 
Just for the heck of it .... \ 
INBOX ONLY . Tell me something you've always wanted to tell me and I'll keep\ 
it between us copy and paste this to your status and see what you get 
ANTP FINALEE !!!! :D <3 
1 . < PROPFEMALE > won ANTM ! I am so happy ! \ 
2 . Does anyone want to be in my group for Gatsby for auditions ? I don't have any partners ;.; 
Just finished filling out applications for A.E , Areopostal , Icing , and Brookstone's . Please pray and keep your fingers crossed for me , I really hope I get a job !!!! Now for last minute study time for my learners test tomorrow .... Can you say \fourth time's the charm ? \ " ;P " 
Big day today ! I'm super nervous , wish me luck !!! :D 
Passed my learners , turned in my applications today , had some sushi , drove for over an hour .... pretty productive day ! :D I'm happy ! 
Really busy day . All I can say is , I ain't doing a thing tomorrow ! <3 Lazy sundays rule . 
Loving life and all it has to offer . I have great friends , a great family who are all supportive , I have pretty teeth now , I got my learners permit , and I'm waiting for a call from one of the places I sent in an application to that will say I got the job ! Please keep your fingers crossed for me ! I reeeaaaally reaaaaaaally want a job ! 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a comment of a memory of you and I . When you've finished , post this paragraph as your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . :) 
Kinda wishes she coulda auditioned for the play today ... But acting really isn't her thing , and she needs to accept this . Crew , maybe ? 
Auditioned today . I really hope I'm on the call-back list .... Keeping my fingers crossed . It'd be nice to go on Winterbreak with some good news :D . 
I don't understand what is up with all the tension and the depression and anger lately . Why can't we all just be friends , seriously ? Your negative feelings are starting to rub off on me , and I just don't like it ! DX \ 
So be happy , peoples . Take the next step . Please ?!? 
So , I'll do this number thing everyone is talking about . I'm super bored . :P 
321837 .... You are a better friend to me than you think . And although there are moments where I want to slam YOUR head in a door , overall , I love ya . Thanks for being there for me . Maybe someday I'll dance with you in the rain and not care about how I'll look afterwards . ;D 
5678945868 ... You rock my socks !... now lets go hide ugly man cartigans ! XD 
18 ... I know I don't know you very well , but you are really awesome and really supportive , and If I get a role in the play , I'm thanking you , because honestly , you're what changed my mind to trying . It only takes one person to make a difference ! Thanks for being there :D 
7 ... you are an amazing , talented , beautiful girl , and I wish I could see you smile more . You have got so much to live for , and friends who love and care for you . But as much faith as we put into you , you also have to do part of that as well . Stay positive and always look to a brighter future . The sun is right around the corner . 
Well , didnt get called back ... oh well ... I knew from the start I wasn't good enough . :/ Dun know why I got my hopes up . 
Has a head cold yet again . This sucks ! DX 
Did I forget to mention this is the part where I am through with you ? :) 
\Did you think that I would cry\ 
I am just myself . I am Kaitlynn ... don't treat me like I'm any different , because I'm not . 
hates that it's only tuesday ! DX 
Dress shopping makes everything better ! Cant wait till < PROPFEMALE>'s party Saturday ! ;D 
Why must these things be so complicated ? Why can't I just say what's on my mind and not feel like an idiot or be so nervous !?! DX 
This week sucks . It should definately be winter break ... like , now . 
Oh , mah gosh , ISK ! ( idiots suck kardagens ( even though CARDIGANS is misspelled lol )) 
Finally feel in the Christmas Spirit . It's nice . :) 
It currently says 57 people are on fb chat . Again , aren't we all so productive ? 
Oh , goodness ! I want it to be Christmas now ! :D 
Christmas shopping at the mall with Chels today ! I already know the mall is gonna be hell lol . 
So , < PROPFIRST > Mcneill , Syma < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > Aldridge need to see me to get thier Christmas presents :D 
Packin , then off to Medford for the holidays . 
FINALLY GOT A SKYPE . Find me , add me , my user is KaitlynnBaugh . ( I'm still unsure on how to add people , so you find me ! ) 
i h a d a d r e a m t h a t i d y e d m y h a i r p i n k . . . W O W . 
I feel so loved ... :P 
People insist on waking me up 20 minutes before my alarm goes off . WTF ? I just want to be able to sleep until I HAVE to wake up . All I want is to be woken up by my alarm clock , is that sooo much to ask for ? 
< PROPFIRST > , thank you so much fro a rockin afternoon in < PROPFIRST > ! <3 
Anyone wanna go with me to the mall tomorrow ??? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > heals the soul ... <3 
-insert witty and funny comment here- 
Dude . I bought a < PROPFEMALE > and the Machine vinyl album for 15 buck ... WIN . 
New years resolution : get out of the house more . 
Soo ... is tomorrow an A day or B day ? either way , I'm screwed , but still ... :/ 
I DUN WANNA DO HOMEWORK ! DX 
Man , my cat may be old , but he still has some fiest in him . Just watched him < PROPMALE > my dog around the living room ! 
Why do I get the feeling I am being ignored ? 
Sleep , School , Homework , Facebook , Repeat . 
When life comes back and punches you in the face ... 
I wish it would snow forever . 
Still don't know who Im gonna go with to Winter Formal ... I'm tempted to ask somebody out , but I'm too scared ... 
Gotta love me some greasy veggie pizza ! Screw the healthy stuff ! :D \ 
( I could go for just a plate of fresh veggies and some tofu right now DX ) 
So , yeah . I've had a really bad week . At least I know that it has nothing else to do is get better . So all I'm doing this weekend is chilling in the appartment and watching funny movies to improve the mood , and get caught up on homework . Maybe no other technology for the weekend ( sept maybe blogging ) so I don't get distracted and I can just recoop . Sounds nice to me :) 
* Sigh * , already sunday . :P 
I'm lame by reading my horoscopes and getting all excited for this week hahahah DX 
Just got home from the mall :) Tired , but it was worth it .. Excited for Friday ! 
Another good day :) I just wish i didn't have so much homework hahaha ! 
Oh , Geometry and Government . I dislike you , a lot . Please , go away because you make my head hurt . \ 
Sincerly , Kait <3 
Dude , this whole 55 Fiction novel is very intimidating ... ugh . 
< PROPFEMALE > , Goal for tomorrow : Get Application send out to < PROPFEMALE > Tuesdays by tomorrow at 4 . Time to try again to find a job . I am NOT letting this go ! 
I love the smell of rain :) 
Could not possibly be more ready for the weekend . Got the house clean , got the homework COMPLETLY DONE , and with enough extra time to waste my life on facebook , and doodling and stuff . Woohoo ! :D 
All prettied up and waiting to be picked up . Gonna be with some awesome people tonight , can't wait !!! 
WONDERFUL NIGHT with a WONDERFUL group of people . <3 \ 
Best night in a long time :) 
Ending with one party and onto the next ! Tonight should be fun ! <3 
Woohoo for all nighters !!! :D 
Very weird connection here , but ... Voyage of the Hero has helped me to understand horoscopes better O.o \ 
I don't know how I got there ... but I just did . 
It needs to get cold . And it needs to snow . Now . I want powdery , white , frozen goodness ! DX 
Ugh . CIDs and BPQ are gona kill me today . But it's so nice out .... A jog sounds better :D Oh , got onto an indoor soccer team , first game saturday . I gotta condition like hell this week ! 
Wii Fit says I'm underweight ... merp . :( 
Man , I haven't had so much air pumping though my lungs like that in a long time . Night jogging is tiring lol . 
So far so good on the Gov . assignment . I might actually get it done tonight hahah ! 
Energy drink because I feel like having one . Bad . Energy drink because I need one to stay awake and get my homework done . Good . :) 
American Idol tonight ! Nevrous ... but excited :) 
Spent the past hour and a half joggin . Will i be thoroughly exausted tomorrow ? Most likely . And my fingers are frozen together D: 
New soccer equipment makes me smile :) 
Hm . I feel a spurt of artistic inspiration coming on . Time to bust out the acrylics ! <3 
I am PUMPED . So excited to get back on the field today . It's been too long . Wish me luck ! 
Well , we lost the game , but it was still pretty good :) I have a feeling that after a few games , our team will click pretty well . Can't wait till next weekend <3 
I'm Bored . Like this status , and I will post a song on your wall that reminds me of you :) 
Going to work on my last phot 1 project with lovely Miss < PROPFEMALE > Nething ! <3 
Ugh . It's so close to the end of the semester , yet it feels sooooo far . I wish there weren't so many things I had to worry about . And this is THE worst time to be brain dead , sore , and tired . Hopefully I can get my thoughts together by tomorrow night . 
Dear Government Class , \ 
You are a very hard class . And I do not appriciate having to scramble over all these essays for the past few weeks . They makes me feel dumb . So , I just wanted to say , I cannot wait till Thursday , because that will be the last time I attend your class . \ 
Joined Crew for Gatsby today . Kinda excited :) 
< PROPFEMALE > , so Friday < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and I are going to go to the Conestoga Aquatic Center and we'll be there from 6:30 to 8:30 . Anybody who wants to meet us there is totally welcome , just send either me or < PROPFIRST > a message saying you want to meet us there . Hope people can go ! 
Best part about Finals ... no homework fro the last few days ! :D 
Dear Facebook , \ 
I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s face and every single expression it makes . \ 
Yours Truley , \ 
Kaitlynn . <3 
Chillin with mah hommies , < PROPFEMALE > Nething & < PROPFIRST > McNeill ! Love ya'll! <3 
So ... tonight was deffinately a good night :) I have a wonderful group of friends <3 
Strange that I am up this early . Had a sleepover with my mom last night because my dad was still very sick with this bug thats going around . Hopefully he gets beter soon , and non of us don't get sick .... -knocks on wood- 
Pumped . Apparently we won last game by default cause they didn't have any girls on thier team show up . Maybe this time we can win for real ? We also need one more girl to play with us in the future , anyone interested ? 
Had a great night with Desyre Blackburn , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > War , and < PROPFIRST > Pratt ! We should definately do that again ! <3 
So , congrats if you can read this : You are still on my friends list ! Just cut it in half , pretty much <3 
Excited for the new semester tomorrow . Cant say I'm ready for the weekend to be over , though . A couple more days of partying would be nice ;D 
I like my old schedule better :( \ 
I don't even have to wait it out for tomorrow to say that , because tomorrow will be worse ... </3 
I'm not gettting sick , I'm not getting sick ! >:P I refuse to let myself get sick ! 
Greasy Mcdonalds to finish off the day ! Wish the week would move a BIT faster , but whatever works :3 I'm gonna stay positive <3 
Just a warning Ladies , apparently a girl was sexually assaulted in broad daylight in front of a school somewhere in beaverton today and they still haven't found the guy . Don't walk alone if you go out and please be careful ! <3 
Go away , cold ! DX 
Fridays are good :) 
Just looked at my report card . Got a GPA of 3.14 . Hell . Yes . My GPA is pie ! XD 
Today is a good day , so far ; And I got a feeling it's only gonna get better . :D 
Had an amazing night watching < PROPFIRST > Hood and walking in Portland with < PROPFIRST > Pratt , who is really an amazing person , then came home to sushi . Could my night have been any better ? :) 
Hair cut <3 
Yesterday will never be the same as today . <3 
Just got home from crew . One word . BEAT . I haven't worked that vigorously in a while ... 
Good girl time with < PROPFEMALE > , now off to < PROPFIRST>'s to watch \It's Kinda a Funny Story\ " :) " 
Hello , Saturday . You have been missed <3 
Got creamed again , and I got a little physical on the field . I'm already hurting hahah . 
surprising parents with dinner tonight . Lets hope I don't burn the house down . 
< PROPFIRST > Swift concert with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in September ! I love you , man !!! 
Just got home from crew ... my devotion and determination will pay off in the end though , I just know it ! :D 
Nobody can deny that every guy wants to look like the guy from the old spice commercial- happy Friday , people ! <3 
Sitting here with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > enjoying my evening . Good conversations . :) 
Another Saturday , another game . Once again , I'm pumped and I have 2 very , very good friends of mine coming to watch too ! :D Excited ! 
Next goal : create a drawing and painting ( In black and white ) of the perfect Portlandia :) 
Just got back from the movies with < PROPFIRST > . \Just go with it\ " is pretty funny . What's even funnier is as soon as I get home I get on facebook ! HA ! ( Kaitlynn = Obsession with facebook ) " 
Ya know what ? I'm tired of waking up and feeling down . I have no reason to be . I have FANTASTIC friends , and honestly I have a great , great life . Sure , I'm gonna have my down days , but This is the time of my life , and I'm MORE than ready to live it up ! :D I wanna thank everybody who makes my day that much greater , as well <3 
IT . IS . BEAUTIFUL . OUTSIDE ! <3 \ 
I wanna wake up like this every morning . 
Dear snow , \ 
Please don't pour down tonight and freeze the roads and cancel school tomorrow . I know I asked all winter for you to come , but you came at the most inconvenient time possible for me . However , if you want to cancel school starting Monday , that is fine with me :) \ 
Yours Truely , \ 
Kait <3 
prolly had one of the most awesome nights ever with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Hansen , Liam Torrey , < PROPFIRST > Pratt , Moni Kamin , < PROPFIRST > Pater , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and Barkley Saltzman . Thanks for an awesome night you guys . You're the best :) 
< PROPMALE > when i first arrived : Dude , did you just burp . It's like farting for your lips ! \ 
< PROPMALE > five minutes ago : I felt a vibration next to me in the garage . Did somebody fart ? - < PROPMALE > makes fart noise-\ 
-- I'm pretty convinced that < PROPMALE > is obsessed with farts . LOVE < PROPMALE > Berger and Syma < PROPFEMALE > ! SO happy we could < PROPFEMALE > ! 
fantastic night with fantastic friends <3 . 
Dad hacked my account . Just so you all know , i'm still a vegitarian . Sorry to dissapoint you who think it's just a joke . 
We may have our down days , but it always gets better . Tomorrow is gonna be a good day . <3 
To everybody associated with Gatsby : I know it is difficult , and we're all tired and stressed , but we can't treat eachother the way we have been . Some things that are said and or done hurt others more than you would think . So if you feel like saying something mean to the person next to you , please dont . It is totally uncalled for . There is only 2 weeks left . We can all get through this , guys . <3 
Another day ending with Gatsby . Much better today . Actually enjoyed myself . :) 
I love everyone to death , believe me . But it's much more than just nice to have a bit of alone time at home for the first time in a long time . Please don't hurry home tonight , family . <3 
Hanging with < PROPFIRST > . My day is better <3 
There are some really good , awesome people out there . And I appriciate the little acts of kindness that they do that make my day so much better . So thank you , guys ! I love you all . <3 
Just got home from Desiré < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s birthday , had a great time ! I wonder how late I'll be sleepin in tomorrow , hahaha ! 
Fresh air , the park , and The Great Gatsby . Peaceful . <3 
Yay , job hunting ! :) \ 
Snagajob.com, THANK YOUUUU . <3 
Most intense poke war yet after Gatsby today with < PROPFIRST > Chow , Liam Torrey , and < PROPMALE > Webb ... I now have internal bleeding . XD 
its funny that even now , at the age of 16 , I still pick the marshmellows out of my lucky charms and eat them first <3 
Is really appriciating the fact that this week has been nothing but good . It really helps put off the stress of opening night on Thursday for Gatsby . For the record , this has been a wonderful experience for me and I'm definately going to take part in it again . Thank you everyone who is involved with The Great Gatsby ! 
Oh , I'm SO BUMMED that I'll be missing Chemistry today to work on Gatsby . * Sigh * It's such a drag ... NOT ! :DDDD Today is a good day already , and it's worth the 7 1/2 hours of rehearsals we'll be doing tonight . 
Opening Night for the ACMA Production of The Great Gatsby by F . < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald . Come by the ACMA PAC to support our school and theatre , and to enjoy a truly wonderful show ! Show starts at 7 and continues through tomorrow and Saturday , with a matinee on Saturday at 2 . Hope to see you there ! 
\You don't just go aound sticking your finger in people's eyes ! \ " \ 
Show one for Gatsby was a total success . Definately looking forward to the remaining three . :) \ 
Thank you so much to crew and cast for an amazing time . I couldn't have asked for it to have gone any other way <3 
Going to Red Robins by ACMA before the show tonight at 3:30 . Gatsby people should go and chill with us for a while . Hope to see you there ! :D 
Another great performance by Gatsby Cast . Love you guys <3 \ 
And tomorrow will be just as grand ..., I know it . 
Gah , it sucks how even though I TRY to sleep in , I still wake up somewhat early . Well ... at least I got a couple extra hours in .. they were awesome . 
Here's a challenge :\ 
Tell at least one person a day that they are beautiful . \ 
Tell at least one person a day that they do matter , and nomatter how small of a difference , they have changed your life in a positive way . \ 
And finally , tell yourself that you also matter , and that without you , other's peoples lives have been changed . \ 
You'd be surprised how happy you can make somebody by doing these things . <3 
Saying sorry and forgiving is a hard thing to do . But once done , you can't help but feel good inside . The time to forgive your enemies is now , the time to re-kindle the light has come . Friendship is bliss . 
hanging with mah girls :) 
Sleepover with Syma <3 
I feel like all of this is one giant trick question ... 
I have some pretty awesome friends . Just sayin . <3 
Spring break is just 7 hours away . WOOHOO ! I cannot contain my excitement ! 
Love my bros and fiance ! ' Nother good swimmin session ! And a good start to Spring Break ! <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Festival in DT Portland today with Syma < PROPFEMALE > and Liam Torrey ! Love me some < PROPFEMALE > stuff ! <3 
Amazing night <3 
Another night spent at Syma's . It's Monday morning , there isn't any school , and Syma made me pancakes .... can it get any better ? ;) 
I'm in a dancing mood . :P 
Movie day with Liam Torrey today . Definitely gonna be fun :) 
Had an amazing day <3 
It's a good morning so far <3 \ 
Woke up to the sun shining through my window , had a nice cupe of coffee , and just finished reading the script for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s latest production . Have to say , I'm very excited to be a part of it . I have a feeling the rest of my day is going to be just as great . 
It's time for some payback ! 
Script writing with Syma <3 
Taco taco . ( HACKED BY YOUR FIANCE !! :) <3 ) 
Glad to be spending the weekend with her lovely fiance , Syma < PROPFEMALE > . I've learned to look at her overall beauty and not her flaws ( like random spasms and llama chewing ) and hopefully , she has done the same for me <3 \ 
Love you , Syma . :) 
Hanging with Syma < PROPFEMALE > , Liam Torrey , and Zach Leahy . It's a good afternoon <3 
RAWR . I'm a dinosaur !! RAAAWWWRRRR ! 
Ah ... it's the last day of Spring Break ... that's so devastating . :'( It went by too fast . 
OMG FACEBOOK ! I MISSED YOU < PROPFEMALE > MUCH ! <3 \ 
I love < PROPFIRST > McNeill for letting me use his internet .... so ... so much ! <3 <3 <3 
Can't wait till I get my computer fixed so that I may be a facebook addict once more . <3 \ 
I miss my facebook . 
Spending the day with my wonderful man <3 \ 
It's definitely a good day . 
Had an awesome photoshoot today with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Had Liam Torrey come over and spend some good quality time together , had the pleasure in finding a < PROPFEMALE > in the oyster i had , enjoyed a great dinner with family and friends , AND got my computer fixed . ... Was today a good day ...? Why yes , I do believe it was . :) 
Stepping up her game for < PROPMALE > year by taking APUSH , Human Anatomy , Photo Studio , Adv . < PROPMALE > , and such and such ..... I reaaaally hope I can keep up . 
Today = Perfect day . Don't change a thing , weather . <3 
Today is going to be a fantastic day . <3 
What does an Easter < PROPFEMALE > hiding eggs in your house have to do with the rising of Jesus ? I'm not making fun of anything , but seriously , where did that come from ? 
hanging at Starbucks in Portland with the best guy I know <3 
Jelousy is such a petty thing ... 
Wonders why everyone feels the need to poke her ! DX 
Gonna spend some girly-time with my fiance , Syma < PROPFEMALE > ! It's been too long <3 
Family picnic today in Lake Oswego . T'was fun :) 
thinks it downright ridiculous that fate just had to make me COMPLETELY lose my voice the day I have to give a speech to my English class .... It's just down-right dandy . 
Kinda nervous to see how my day plays out ... 
I'm the pimpin-est parallel < PROPMALE > ever ! ohhhh yeaaaah . 
With the best person in the world . <3 
hates that it's only tuesday and thinks it should be summer now . :P 
it's so nice , I think I'm gonna go to the park ! :) 
I love how everyone hates Glee because of the Friday song . Lol . As how it should be ... 
First Capstones of 2011 ( and first that I've ever seen ) really opened my eyes today . I can't wait to see what is to come later this week from more of my fellow seniors . Good luck , you guys and gals . <3 
really wants to get into dance . <3 
So ... I just made Liam Torrey a sammich . < PROPFIRST > Chow , and Jaköb Dueñez .... be jealous . 
My dad is the coolest , he always brings home more beans just for me ! 
So today is gonna be a great day . I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with Liam Torrey some more , and I get to go to < PROPFIRST > Seiler's birthday party . Woot woot ! :3 
OMG WHERE IS THE RAPTURE ???? D: 
cut her bangs :) 
\Words are flowing out like \ 
So ... it's official . I am ready for summer . <3 \ 
And everyone better stay in touch !!!! 
You can take the girl out of the south , but you can't take the south out of the girl , apparently . :P 
\Nut up or shut up . \ " ... I love Zombieland . <3 " 
I'm so tired of this rapture crap . 
My brother is so cute with his girl crushes ! He's growing up so fast ! <3 
Gets to spend the entire day with Liam Torrey <3 
I Don't know what I love more ... re-fried beans or my Dad ?! 
This weekend is really going by too fast . 
Yup . This weekend went by waaaay too fast . :P 
Thinking about going back to short hair . You guys should send me pics of suggestions . And no goofy ones . I'm being serious 
Soooo ..... it should be summer ... like , right now . <3 
I'm really gonna miss all the seniors :'( 
It's Friday ! ( no song intended . ) 
feels lazy :P 
Homework time ! 
OMG THERE IS THUNDER AND LIGHTENING IN PORTLAND , OREGON ! WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE ! 
Noodles is back XD 
intense facebook convos on my boyfriends wall with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Marger are fan-flippin-tastic ! 
Why is it not Friday yet !?!?! D: 
Too much stress , not enough sleep . Can this year just be over already ? 
Today is going to be amazing :) 
Shopping at H&M with Syma < PROPFEMALE > is the best thing ever ! I have an amazing best friend <3 
I dislike stress dreams :( 
Needs a new computer ... otherwise she will fail all of her classes because she can't do any homework on them ... UGH ! 
I may be working my ass off tonight , but it'll be worth it in the morning while I'm taking my < PROPMALE > History Final .... FML lol . 
Summer 2011 . <3 
Oh I wish I didn't eat all those beans today . Lord help me and all those around me 
I LOVE KAITLYNN <3 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? -Syma < PROPFEMALE > 
swimsuit shopping with my darling Syma < PROPFEMALE > <3 
Panic on Saturday with Syma < PROPFEMALE > , Liam Torrey , and < PROPFIRST > Chow <3 Can't wait 
Syma , Liam , and Sam : Thank you so so much for one of the most amazing experiences of my life so far . I had an amazing time at Panic ! <3 
So why don't we go somewhere only we know <3 
what a dreadfully boring/awful day . :P 
My Letter is F\ 
I like : Fudge\ 
I hate : Fillings ( dental)\ 
I love : Friendship :) \ 
Something Bad : Fear 
My day is going to be much better today :) 
caught some gnarly sun rays and charred my skin . I see nothing but pink ! It's awful !!!! DX 
let the healing begin ! 
got more blood taken ..... eeeeuuuck .. 
Double Feature with Syma and her mom today ! <3 Gonna be awesome ! 
and Syma < PROPFEMALE > know their pickles . XD ... \What smells like pickles !?! \"" 
Girl day ! <3 Love Syma and < PROPFEMALE > 
Can't wait to see all of my family tomorrow afternoon . Should be a fun weekend ! <3 
determination always wins . 
Haha , hacking my girlfriends facebook . I miss you sweetie 
Finally home ! Oh my goodness , that was the longest ride home from Medford ever !!! I get to see my man tomorrow <3 
Schedule 2011/2012 : \ 
1st semester : P1 : Human Anatomy ; P3 : Tech Theatre ; P4 : APUSH ; P5 : Adv . Algebra 2 ; P6 : Lit&Comp ; P7 Adv . < PROPMALE > ; P8 Painting 2\ 
2nd semester : Human Anatomy ; P3 : Tech Theatre ; P4 : APUSH ; P5 : Adv . Algebra 2 ; P6 : Lit&Comp ; P7 Adv . < PROPMALE > ; P8 Photo 2 
eating beans so I can grow big and strong ! 
deep thinking makes my brain hurt sometimes . 
\I even made my own music genre . It's like Rap Yodeling . \ " \ 
Mmmmmm ... Beans 
I feel so loved hahaha <3 
< PROPMALE > Potter .... OMG . D: 
I must go to this place called Goodwill ..... :P 
I love you , Mom !!!!!! 
cleaning , cleaning , cleaning , boredom , boredom . boredom . 
Everyone , please send positive thoughts to my mom ... she is going through a really rough time with health issues and could use all the support . I love you Mom . <3 Get better . 
Ugh ... 5 hour naps during the day are NOT good for this one ... 
* As I'm getting ready to leave to go camping with Liam*\ 
Dad : Be careful , Kait . \ 
Me : Okay\ 
Dad : Don't talk to strangers . \ 
Me : Okay . \ 
Dad : Watch out for Bigfoot ! \ 
Me : .... You guys are weird . 
Just got home from camping with my wonderful boyfriend , Liam and his family . I had a wonderful time ! Thank you so much for the experience , you guys ! <3 
Hates summer reading ... 
Everybody keep my dad in your thoughts . He snapped his Achilles tendon and has surgery for it on Wednesday ... it's gonna take a full year for him to recover . :( 
Dude , what if when they re-release the new 3D < PROPFEMALE > Wars , at the beginning before it started , they put all in capital letters \BASED ON A TRUE STORY\ " just to mess with people .... That is my new wish . " 
Sometimes it is just like the Hollywood movies . <3 
About to spark-notes the shit outa the Iliad . * sigh * Here we go ... 
I seriously think the universe is putting me through a test right now ... Everything is spiraling down around me- but I will continue to wake up with a hope and positive thoughts ... I won't let this time in my life get the best of me . 
Hates that feeling of needing to cry after the end of every classic Disney movie . 
Movie : Rapunzel\ 
Times Watched : About 10 ( and hopefully many more times ! )\ 
Fav . Character : Rapunzel , herself ! \ 
Rate : AS MANY POINTS AS POSSIBLE ! \ 
Recommend : YES ! ( And I also recommend Liam to get this for me for my birthday ! <3 )\ 
Like and I'll give you a movie :) 
Boyfriend time is perf time <3 
I have the best boyfriend ever . <3 You , Liam 
wants to just fast forward to tomorrow afternoon ... seriously lol . <3 
You are a Pirate Captain . Here are the rules :\ 
Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . \ 
1st person is your First Mate : Liam Torrey\ 
2nd person is your Cabin Boy : Desiré Arnold\ 
3rd person is the person you named your ship after : < PROPFIRST > Chow\ 
4th person is your wench : < PROPMALE > Webb\ 
5th person is your drunken < PROPFIRST > Depp pirate : < PROPFIRST > Seiler 
My dog , Ziggy , has so much swag . 
Wants to go swimming ... anybody game ? 
Goodbye Portland ! Be back Saturday afternoon :) 
I fired a gun today ... LOL . 
Go to your profile , look to your left . First seven friends are your zombie apocalypse team . \ 
Sidekick : Liam Torrey\ 
Heavy Weapons : < PROPMALE > Howard\ 
The idiot that survives : < PROPFIRST > Walters\ 
Sniper : < PROPFEMALE > Aldridge\ 
The one that loses it : < PROPFIRST > Chow\ 
The Brains : < PROPMALE > Marger\ 
The First to Die : Mitchell Pratt 
So , I have been thinking about possibly getting a tattoo and I have been thinking about getting a sparrow tatoo on one of my shoulderblades , and I just researched it's meaning to make sure I wouldn't find out it means I'm a meth addict or anything ( lol ) and it turns out sparrow tattoos symbolize loyalty and eternal love . I definitely want a sparrow . <3 Any inputs ? 
Say you're a serial killer , here's the rules :\ 
Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side ~ \ 
1st person turns you in : Liam \ 
2nd person knows but doesn't tell anyone : < PROPFEMALE > \ 
3rd person is your partner in crime : Syma\ 
4th person is your first victim : Corbin \ 
5th person tries to kill YOU : Calvin\ 
6th person is the police officer that arrested : John-Luke\ 
7th person is your lawyer : Noah Marger 
Home and ready to party ! <3 
Taught my boyfriend to ice skate today , and watched Tangled ... yup ... it was a good day :) 
Say you are < PROPMALE > Potter ... \ 
1st two people are your loveable sidekicks : Liam Torrey and < PROPFIRST > Walters\ 
3rd person is your Slytherin enemy : < PROPFIRST > Chow\ 
4th person is the Dark Lord : < PROPMALE > Webb\ 
5th person is your white-bearded mentor : Claire Aldridge\ 
6th person is your owl : < PROPMALE > Berger\ 
7th person is a rockin ' Potions Master : Syma < PROPFEMALE > 
Homeless man's sign in Portland : \If you think the economy is bad 
Once again , bye Portland . <3 I will miss you dearly . 
I was happy to be home until it started to be like ... 100 frickin degrees up here ... gah ... 
I like Cheese and I'm not afraid to say it . Yes everyone , I'm addicted to cheese . All kinds of it . Nacho , cheddar , Swiss . Any kind of cheese crosses 
I REALLY LIKE THEM TACOS < PROPFEMALE > MADE ME . 
Cant believe Photo-day is this Thursday ! Summer went by way too fast this year :( 
You're getting married ! Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side of your wall , no cheating ! \ 
1st - Person you marry : Liam ( Okay , may have cheated , but second option may have been awk)\ 
2nd - Best man : < PROPMALE > Mai\ 
3rd - Maid of honor : Desiré Arnold\ 
4th - Tries to stop you : Hogan Fritz\ 
... 5th - Wedding crasher : < PROPFEMALE > Turek\ 
6th - The priest : < PROPMALE > Marger\ 
7th - Eats all the wedding cake : Syma Rose\ 
8th - Gets really hammered and dances with everyone : < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Tk421 why aren't you at your post ?! 
Today = AMAZING ! Thank you Corbin < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Desiré < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Syma < PROPFEMALE > , and of course Liam Torrey <3 I love you guys !!! 
Does anybody have any sort of babysitting job I could do , or if not you , anybody who you could help me get into touch with ? I would be grateful for the extra money ! 
Spending the day with my wonderful fabulous boyfriend <3 
amazing night tonight ! I have such good friends :) 
Like this and I'll tell you <3 \ 
What I call you : \ 
How old you look : \ 
Do I think we're friends :\ 
Do I even really know you :\ 
If I wanna talk to you more : \ 
Our funniest memory together : \ 
Do I think you're attractive : \ 
Would i date you : \ 
First thought about you : \ 
Best feature :\ 
Do I dare you to make this your status : 
Ugh ... trying my best to get some homework done today . 
Roast of < PROPFIRST > Sheen- I MUST SEE THIS ! 
Oh , more updates . Thanks , Facebook , this is just what everyone wanted :P 
I had a loverly day with my loverly boyfriend <3 I luh you , Mr. Torrey :) 
\The best smell in the world is that man that you love . ” - < PROPFEMALE > Aniston (....< PROPFEMALE > is a creeper . ) " 
Two Words : The Iliad . 
Ps . I love you with the boyfriend . <3 \ 
.... waaaaay better than the notebook . \ 
I love you , Liam . 
This has been the best summer ever . <3 
To anyone who has Lit&Comp on an A day , would you let me know how the test over the Iliad goes so I know what to expect ? Thanks ! <3 
... well ... only 12 hours and 30 minutes until school starts .. I'm not ready to be a junior .... maybe because I know what's coming . ( APUSHERS and LIT&COMPIANS can understand this one ... ) 
First friday night of the year and how do I spend it ..... APUSH and painting ??? 
La vie est une grande toile grand , et vous devriez jeter toute la peinture sur elle que vous pouvez . <3 
Keeping all of the people who's lives were affected by 9/11 in my mind today . Cant believe it's been a whole 10 years . 
Mr. < PROPMALE > is NOT a monkey . :) 
Dear ACMA teachers . Chill out on the homework assignments ! \ 
Sincerly , < PROPMALE > Class of ACMA . <3 
Acmanians , does anyone know if the library will be able to be used during Supervised study tomorrow ??? 
Friday , Friday , gotta get down on Friday ! Looking forward to the weekend :)) 
I am the great cornholio ! 
Well ... today sucked . 
6 months ago , I started dating my best friend . He is the best thing to have happened to me , and I am eternally grateful to have him in my life every single day . I love you so much Liam Torrey , and I hope we enjoy many more months together . <3 
Sooo ... Ily every single person from ACMA Class of 2013 <3 
< PROPMALE > Horror with the gals tonight <3 
I'm soooo done with this cold/ stomach thingy i've got going on .... 
