is changing up his priorities . 

loves his girlfriend <3 
is willing to admit The Preposal is a good movie . 
Ok time for some sleep . 
Scholarship applications = brain death 
Back to school . Back to school , to prove to Dad that I'm not a fool . I got my lunch packed up , my boots tied tight , I hope I don't get in a fight . -Billey < PROPFEMALE > 
Good to know i can sleep through this class ... ( intro to wireless networking ) 
So i am now familiar with 2 things that while being totally prepared and actually sitting several feet away from the really important thing i'm supposed to do can still make me either miss a flight or unintentionally skip class ... Cracked.com and I hope they serve beer in hell . 
Go Green ! Go White ! That's right , get your asses out of bed it's time to party ! 
Repo : The Genetic Opera is a Crazy Wierd Movie 
If a teacher cancels class they should have to pay the students who show up . Especially at Mott . 
Internet at home . It's a beautiful thing . 
Happy new year ! Time to open a new book and write some new stories . 
Outta work going to watch the game ! 
Playing WoW on my new tv ... i feel like i owe it an apology . 
MW2 owns my life . In case you didn't notice i did't have my phone on me for the last week so if you want to get ahold of me for the next couple days Hit me up here or Email me . Oh , also Pluto is a planet again , well a Dwarf Planet anyway so welcome it back into the fold . 
One month till my 21st 
\Don't worry . < PROPFEMALE > found a Katana . We'll be okay . \ " - Playing Left4Dead " 
“Whether you think you can or think you can't , you are right . \ - < PROPFIRST > Ford " 
Sitting on the deck in my shorts , enjoying the sounds of spring . I wish everyday could be like this . 
Lol 30 < PROPMALE > to the gallon , that's awesome 
Plans fell through . Day off tomorrow , anyone want to party ? 
Messed up nights can lead to new and interesting revelations . Life changing events unveiling new things about ones own character . Good things come to those who have the < PROPFEMALE > to wait . 
Burning the candle at both ends ... and now it's time to work . 
Great day to watch the tigers win . 
Going to see Iron Man 2 . Happy Mother's day . 
A little explanation goes a long way with me . If i understand the reasoning behind it i'll build you an Ark if not you're probably not gonna get a boat 
Wow , it's warm and I want to be outside . I'm going camping . 
Tents up , beers cold and so the fun begins . 
How did I not realize when tanning turned into burning ? 
Rampage < PROPMALE > loses to < PROPMALE > Evans by Unanimous decision . 
Having a good time at the family reunion . Never knew there were so many of us . 
World cup is on and I have to work ... ugh . 
\Daddy 
Father's day party off without a hitch . Drinking beer and relaxing . 
People watching at the mall ... and pondering my next move . 
Alright tigs , I'll take 10 - 4 every game . 
Looking forward to hanging out with his long lost friends . 
Oh speed limit sign how you mick me . ( In a traffic jam ) 
There are too many people in this world ... 
Most crouded beach I've ever had fun at . Good people good times . 
It has been a Long time since i've been really impressed with fireworks . Willimsburg has the best show i've ever seen . 
On our way home , this is a long trip . 
Been up for 24 hours ... been driving for 7 . 
A new personal record 800 < PROPMALE > , 12 hours 11 minutes , including stops . 
Weird how so many things can go wrong so quickly . 
Ok not so bad after all ... 
Gonna party all night till they call the cops . 
Good drnks and good people . Reminds me of the good old days . 
Turned his phone into a brick ... Finally a warranty i don't regret buying . 
Watching all the true blood episodes I've missed . 
incredible movie tonight . Can't wait for friday . 
A good friend once told me that you can judge the nature of a person by looking at the people they surround themselves with . Miss you Gray . 
Regret for things you have done can be tempered by time . It is regret for things you did not do that is inconsolable . - unknown 
The sky is incredible right now . 
When people buy me drinks \to the single life\ " i almost reconsider . " 
I'm on a boat . 
In my favorite place letting my worries melt away . 
Sails up , It's time for some fun . 
smoking hooka and starting off a free 2 year subscription to maxim . Gotta love the little things . 
If i can't make anyone happy i'm going to stop trying . 
Eating breakfast with the family . Good start to my day . 
Food coma ... :) 
\i'm not drunk i can still count my abc's\ " lol " 
Great night with my girlfriend , now back to work . 
Finally got my new phone . Droid 2 , worth the wait ! 
Too much food . Steak and jimmey johns and now georgios ... i'm lucky i'm only tired .... 
Why is the mall empty .... Oh right we woke up at 8am . 
Resident Evil : Afterlife 3D - I'm excited . 
Just checked in to the hotel . Cedar Point baby ! 
Amazing day with my girlfriend . I love this place . 
Change of plans . Cedar Point : Day 2 
Back to the grind . :) Happy about it though , that vacation was exactly what i needed . 
Great day yesterday , lets see if we can do two in a row . I'm confident . 
Yay 2 good days in a row ... i was worried there for a second . This morning wasn't promising but lets see if we can < PROPFEMALE > it through at work today ( 3-10p ) 
Currently chilling at Bdubs with < PROPMALE > , later dinner with my sweetheart , and work in the morning . 
Has been playing Halo : Reach all day because his girlfriend is amazing . 
Fantastic night with some old friends . Even when everything else is cchanging I can still count on you guys for a good night . 
Today is the youngest you will ever be . Learn to live like it . 
Spartans , What is your profession ?! 
\I think racoons need a highway safety class . \"" 
\Ill planning ? I bought a half gallon ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > " 
\If you have any entertainment value at all and you don't suck you will know what song this is . \ " \ 
Paranormal activity 2 : actually a good movie . 
Happy Halloween ! 
Going to see my sister play tonight . Going to be a good time . 
To all you people who thought the wii was sweet , Take your controllers and throw them away . Then go buy an xbox with kinect . Soooo much cooler . 
Happy veterans day . 
< PROPMALE > potter in 2 days . I feel like a little kid but i'm still excited . 
I love this time of year . Days like today make me smile . 
It's funny how friends can put your world back together with a single conversation . 
Just signed the lease my girlfriend and i move in tonight ! 
First things first - Internet . Then furniture . 
Funny how everyone can want your attention at once then just a few minutes later you're alone .. 
lol just reconfigured my laptop to work as a wireless router for free . I love technology . 
I love this place . In with the couches . 
New game : Homefront . Check it out 32 player fps in near future . war with korea on american soil . Its gonna be fun . 
I have the best girlfriend ever .. I love her so much ;) 
What has the world come to when taco < PROPFEMALE > is outsourcing .... i don't speak your language speak mine ! 
Ok to everyone who doesn't know my mom has been in the hospital for the last week . We just got news today that she will live \barring any unforseen changes . \ " So thank you to everyone who's been there to help we appreciate it greatly . " 
Having a great day hanging out with my long lost friends . 
If today was a great day then tonight was amazing . Very much looking forward to the next time we get to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
Super Stoked , Going to New York with the girlfriend on Friday . 
Hello from ohio . I love a long drive ;) 
Philidelphia .... trains this time ;) 
Times Square is awsome at night lol . Going to The Lion < PROPMALE > tonight and then possibly DJ Tiesto . 
I have officially bartended in manhattan . I love this place . 
Took my girl on a horse drawn carriage ride through central park .. best way to spend my last day here :) 
If there is ever food you really want to eat but you're just not hungry enough . You should stuff it down because you never know when your girlfriend will leave it at the trainstation ... RIP carnigie deli food . 
Haircut , food , gym . 
Partying with more long lost friends and loving it . 
Unofficially moved out , just have to dash a lease but at least my stuff is all out . 
So tired of being sick .... 
Chilling at the white horse . Met some cool people tonight . 
Framing Hanely at the shop tonight . 
