A few more beers and I might get this all figured out . 

Should I go fishing or go to work ? 
I am trying my best not to catch Britton's cold ! 
mmmm pizza ..... the food of champions 
Thinking of oysters , scallops and beer this afternoon . 
TGIF ! 
The Redskins truely suck ! 
I hate cold rainy days ! 
wireless keyboards are horrible . 
I think Britton has finally given me her cold ! 
all packed and ready to head to < PROPMALE > tomorrow . 
Finished a grueling day of class and now off to the Rock Bottom Brewery . 
getting ready to fly out of < PROPMALE > this afternoon ..... but maybe a trip to the Rock Bottom Brewery first .... hmmmmm . 
I forgot how much I love Mondays ..... 
rain rain go away 
nothing like a good meal to help get through a cold wet day . 
can't believe the Redskins won . 
Looking forward to rock fishing tomorrow and Thursday ! 
Looking forward to having family and friends over for our Thanksgiving celebration tomorrow ! 
Relaxing after a fun Thanksgiving Saturday ! 
Loving the sunshine ! 
Debating on trying to beat the rain and do some rock fishing tomorrow afternoon . 
I guess I will get started on my Christmas shopping tomorrow . 
Well I helped Britton out with her knee issues yesterday so I guess today is the day for Christmas shopping . 
is now done with Christmas shopping ! Now it is off to Ukrops and the ABC store ! 
If it is going to be this damn cold then I expect some snow !!! 
Ok , I think the people that designed the Wii Fit are on crack ! There is no way my ideal weight is 165 pounds ! I haven't weighed that since the 10th grade ! And a Wii age of 65 .... I know I am getting older but 65 ! I think its time for a reboot . 
Finally the end of a very busy Monday ! 
just swam a mile and is now very tired . 
is packing for a ski trip to Big Sky , MT . Lets hope the flight will get out okay Saturday morning ! 
is tired after a great day of skiing at Big Sky , MT . 
Long day of skiing , hot tub , turkey tacos , and now lots of wine . Another great day . 
is thinking that since dulles and richmond are going to get snowed in I should stay out west and enjoy the fresh snow and skiing 
is now back in Richmond via Air < PROPFEMALE > ! The car is still buried in northern < PROPFEMALE > . 
Hates Monday's 
After five days of Flexerill and Vicodin , a night of Dos Equis , and a night of Tuaca and Grand Marnier , my back is finally back to normal ! 
Time to get back to work ! 
Spent the afternoon with Britton , my sister and friends , bought a truckload of shrubs from the nursery and got them ready to plant and now kicked back with a Gin and Tonic ! 
Woke up this morning , walked in the kitchen and ..... my blood pressure < PROPFEMALE > as I saw a flood of water coming from under the sink ! Not exactly the correct lyrics for the < PROPFIRST > Prine song but a < PROPMALE > pain in the butt none the less . 
Here comes the rain again ! Lets hope the tornados stay away ! 
Survived another Monday and EFM class now I am ready for the rest of the week ! 
Having a hot < PROPFEMALE > and a Hefeweizen at Pauls . 
Ok , we planted about 30 shrubs , moved half a dump truck load of dirt and mulch , made a run to the dump , mowed the grass , weeded the flower beds , ran the weed eater and edger . Now its time to go to work . You know it was a busy weekend when you have to go to work to get away from \WORK \"!" 
Drinking massive quantities of wine at Montpelier . 
Bum ! 
Today is the start of a five day weekend !!! hhhmmmmm , now its time to mow the grass , plant more shrubs and move a half a dump truck load of mulch . I see many beers in my future . 
Just popped the top on the first of many < PROPFEMALE > beverages in store for today ! 
Thanks to everyone for the Birthday wishes . I had a great day ! 
has enjoyed a nice relaxing morning by the pool ! Now its time to go grade the driveway and do a run to the dump . 
Grilling hamburgers and corn on the cobb for dinner . Now time for a cold one ! 
I am LMAO looking at the \people of walmart\ " pictures ! Atleast I have not recognized anyone yet ! " 
This weather sucks !!!!! 102 with a heat index of 109 today at \Camp Trimble\ " . The pool is even up to 92 . Ughhh . Oh well it beats work ! " 
is on terminal hold with Verizon ! 
Is at < PROPFIRST > & Omies having steamed shrimp and Blue < PROPFEMALE > . 
Going in for LASIK surgery now . 
Waiting on < PROPFIRST > 
Sitting on the patio in front of the fire drinking a nice bottle of wine with Britton . 
Hanging out at the iron horse . 
Made it to the beach . Eating pizza , drinking some fine beverages and watching football . 
thinks seafood and alcohol are on the menu tonight ! 
thinks the movie The Hangover is way funny ! 
Is very full after dinner at < PROPFIRST > & Omies . 
Is enjoying a nice day of golf at the nags head links . 
Mondays suck ! 
Having ' versary lunch at Mamma Zu's! 
I had another great day of Rockfishing ! 
Just completed a run to Total Wine for Thanksgiving beverages ! 
I am so full ......... 
Is at the doctors office waiting and waiting and waiting ..... 
Hanging at the Richmond airport . I hate early mornings . 
Is very tired from skiing a foot of fresh powder in the back bowls of vail ! 
Lizard Lick towing is way too funny ! 
