: Heaven = 1/2 a cup of melted Ghirardelli chocolate chips poured into a mug and sipped on 

Finally the first < PROPFEMALE > day in weeks ! 
: I need to catch up on my online statistics class tonight before I head off to Fruita and Glenwood to go biking . 
: I am amazed by technology . Toll House left a recorded voicemail the other day telling me not to consume the cookie dough I bought . 
: How many times will it take me to learn the lesson not to go to the grocery store when I am starving !?! 
: I am curious why my neighbors are watering the grass when it is pouring out !?! Anyway , Happy Fourth of July to everyone ! 
: I'm going apartment hunting tomorrow . Oh joy ! 
: Does anyone have any good ideas on the cheapest way to move ? I was thinking of renting a vehicle with a truckers hitch and a small U-haul trailor for the day . 
: I'm trying not to procrastinate for my move next month , so I started going through everything and ended up making a BIG mess ! 
: I'm heading out to AZ tomorrow for my ten year reunion - which I can't believe it is already here . However , after reading everyone's posts about it being 115 degrees there when it is only 75 degrees here makes me wonder why I am subjecting myself to < PROPFEMALE > 
: I am enjoying sitting here , not having to do anything , before the next few weeks of havoc start . 
: I had a great couple of weekends driving to Nebraska and AZ and seeing everyone , but after all that , it is going to be a LONG time until I drive another 8+ hours . I am on a driving strike ! ( Don't worry < PROPFIRST > , I will still be driving out to your wedding 
: It was nice to get out and hike with < PROPFEMALE > and her husband . It was a beautiful day ! 
: I made it here safely to Germany ! 
: Hatte ich heute viele Schokolade gekauft ! 
: I am getting frustrated with facebook . I keep trying to upload my photos of my trips and it won't let me . 
One of my neighbors moved out of my complex , now I don't have to look at his dog crap all over his balcony every day ! Seriously , who does that ? 
: After spending six hours on the phone making 240 cold calls at work , I will probably will not talk on the phone ... EVER ! 
: I miss being able to walk outside at night and see the stars clearly ... I guess I miss Summit County . 
I am perplexed how one day it can be a < PROPFEMALE > 70 degrees and then the next day is followed by a temperature drop to 30 degrees with snow ! Forget my extended fall I thought I would get by living down here ... 
I can't stand slow internet . I guess that is a sign I need to get off of this and start studying ! 
I had my first snow day since elementary school .... no school and no work ! Does Colorado Springs seriously shut down every time it snows ? 
I'm heading out to Missoula on Sunday evening . I never knew it would take so much brain storming to find a flight that would get us there ! 
: I just found out I got accepted into the Public Health Certificate Program . :-) 
Does anyone know someone who is looking for a place to live in Colorado Springs ? I would like to sublet my apartment out by the end of the month . 
: 10 more days until my classes end ! I'm not counting or anything :-) 
Note to self : Turn the autosave feature on when working on a project for school , or else , once you finally finish the project , your computer will decide it needs to reboot in order to install new updates and all of your file will be lost ! 
I'm heading out to San < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 14th-16th than to Phoenix 17th-18th . Let me know if you want to meet up . 
I am refusing to use my credit card after my information was stolen-cash from now on . Apparently , the theif had a thing for Champions clothing and online gambling . It should all be taken care of though through Wellsfargo . 
I strongly recommend taxactonline.com! 
Is ready for some 70 degree San < PROPMALE > sunshine this weekend ! 
Is enjoying the bluebird day after a week of cold weather and snow ! 
I'm going to four corners this weekend to do pushups on all four states ! 
Why is there snow outside when it is May 12th ? San < PROPMALE > here I come !!! 
Yay ! The sun finally came out today ! Believe it or not it there are actually days -even weeks- where the sun doesn't come out during certain times of the year in San < PROPMALE > . Who would have thought ? 
I'm am being patient ... putting in application after application , looking for a dang job ! 
I got an interview for next week ! 
We had dinner with our 92 year old neighbor the other day . He is hilarious , goes up the stairs on his own , and takes care of the outside of his house every day . I want to be like that when I get to his age ! 
Nothing like a pint of < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s Brownie Batter Icecream ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ( sorry it took some time to respond , I was out of town for a few days ) . I had a wonderful day ! 
Things I have learned in San Diego : Don't touch the water at Border's State Park Beach -let's just say sewage is involved- and watch out for people running the border ten feet in front of you . Also , all of those families hiking 300 feet down to Black's beach will be in for quite a shock . 
Recommends the documentary : \King Corn \"" 
It was over 91 degrees here today . It's been warmer here in November than it was in July or August ! 
We are engaged !!! 
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do . There is no fun in doing nothing when you have nothing to do . Wasting time is merely an occupation then , and a most exhausting one . Idleness , like kisses , to be sweet must be stolen . - < PROPMALE > K . < PROPMALE > , humorist and playwright ( 1859-1927 ) 
