Little < PROPMALE > in Tejas ! 

Staying the weekend in the bush ... just me , < PROPMALE > , and 20-30 head of horses .. oh yea and a couple cows 
\I can take ya for a ride on my big green tractor ; we can go slow or make it go faster ; down through the woods and up to the pasture ; long as I'm with you it really don't matter . Climb up in my lap and drive if you want to ; girl ya know ya got me to hold " 
Someone should just give me a million dollars ... I'm sure I could find good use for it 
The rain is starting to piss me off ... jus a lil ... 
Youth World show tonight !! 
Who knew it could be so dark at 6:30 in the morning !? 
School work is so frggin tedious . I'm thinkin .... no haha 
Just got done painting a kitchen ... lol 
In < PROPFIRST > on a < PROPFEMALE > vacation ... god I wish it was longer ! 
Hrm ... debating whether or not to do school work ... I'm thinkin no 
I am completely sick of the rain .... 
Yea so ... term papers ... not going that great 
Oh and p.s. - how can football be so entertaining that everyone seems to be writing about it ? I don't get it ... lol 
School is a great way to waste money . The end . 
I AM SO TIERD OF THIS F***ING RAIN ! Will it ever end !? 
I think everyone else had way more fun on Halloween than we did .... 
I used to love Sundays . 
Mmmm ..... coffee 
Pretending to be < PROPFEMALE > Homemaker ... haha 
Wow I can't believe I finished my final project without procrastinating !! That never happens ... 
I think maybe the senior reining finals at the world show was a teeeeeeeny bit controversial yesterday ... maybe that's just me :-s 
work work work all day long ... 
I can already tell tomorrow is going to be suuuuppperrrr depressing . 
God - New < PROPFEMALE > KILLED me !!! lol Awesome 
< PROPFEMALE > - the homosexual midget is on the loose here in Texas because my phone was also stolen ..... WTF !? In light of that , I will be needing everyone's < PROPFIRST > . 
OK everyone - I got my new phone activated so email me , text me , call me , message me or whatever so I can have your < PROPFIRST > . Thanks !! 
It is reeeeeaaaaalllllllyyyyyyy F***ing COLD in Texas right now . I just had a lady from Belgium tell me that it was colder here than in Europe . WTF ?! 
It's freakin nasty in < PROPMALE > , Texas . Where'd the sun go !? 
Why do Mondays have to be so crappy ? 7 Days !!!! 
I feel like I moved to Canada .... 
3 More Days !!! 
I'm at HOME !!!! Well .... Kentucky that is . 
It's Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and the presents are under the tree ... where's the beer ?! 
Last night in KY before I have to go back to work .... :-( 
We may not be far from home but I'm having the time of my life ! 
Going for a lively stroll to the Continental with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ... :) 
According to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > is Jewish .... lol I don't know where that came from lmao 
I miss my < PROPFEMALE > !!! At least the weather is now beautiful here in < PROPFEMALE > , OK . Even gave the horses a bath ! Who would have thought it possible in the middle of January ???? 
Uhh ..... headache ! 
Leaving for Arizona tomorrow night !!!! 
Ew its raining ..... :( 
Finally some peace and quiet ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and copy the entry for your name and paste under comments . 
Has anyone tried that new VEMMA stuff ? It's great !! Super healthy stuff that actually tastes good-even the energy drinks are healthy-and the crazy thing is that they work ! I ought to be a spokesperson .... 
Uhmmmm it's cold and wet . And Cheez-It has totally lost it's touch in the snackmaking area ... 
If anyone wants to see some really cute foals , go to marestare.com and look up the Hicks Ranch ... Colts and Fillies by Spooks Gotta Gun-Super Cute !! 
Spooks Gotta Gun breedings now $ 1,500 . 00 USD !! For more information , please go to spooksgottagun.com or hicksqh.com 
Oh my horses ...!! 
Watching Olympic Skeleton ... holy hell thats some rough stuff right there ! 
Oh lordy we have a lot of horsies ! 
My mommy and daddy will be here in a few hours !! 
I just want to say good luck to all my Midway girls going for regionals today-kick some A$$ !! Miss you guys ! 
Does anyone have any thoughts on the < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland movie ? I want to see it desperately but it will be a few days before we get time to go .... 
EVERYTHING IS SO CONFUSING ! 
Will somebody please just shoot me already !!! 
Finally going to see < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland-so excited ! 
Cleaning tack and clipping horses aaaaalllll day in 30 degree weather ... so fun 
Burrrr its cold ! What happened to the 70 degree weather !? 
< PROPFEMALE > B will be here in less than 24hrs ! 
Oh what a weekend .....! 
Can it really be almost Monday already !? 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are coming tomorrow !!!! 
All my rowdy friends have settled down 
FML 
Life is a highway , I wanna ride it all night long . If you're goin my way , I wanna drive it all night long .... 
just won horsemanship on my three year old reiner ..!! 
Totally just got bit by a zebra ! 
Working as usual , trying to get everything straight in my head-its a daunting task . 
That was an awesome race-so happy for < PROPMALE > Pletcher and < PROPMALE > Borrell 
OH feelin shitty ! I hate allergies ... 
Hollywood Heir is getting ready to foal ( hopefully , you know how mares are ) but I can't keep my eyes open ! 
Today is going to go by sooooo sllllloooooowwwwwlllllyyyy 
OMG ...! 
Oh what a night .... :-) 
Off to < PROPMALE > world ...... work went by fast today ! Time flies when life sucks ... lol 
My new lil puppy is so damn cute ! 
Sitting at a bar alone ... pretty damn entertaining 
Oh its pouring in Oklahoma .... 
We're gonna have a baby tonight !! 
The new baby is a colt . Bay with four white legs with a snip and a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... It's still raining though 
I need a drink ... 
I have never felt more sorrow , disappointed , and complete abondondment . My heart has been ripped out of my chest by someone I never would have thought was capeable of doing so , and in turn has cost me greatly . 
I'm over it 
New York in two days !!! 
Bout to be in an Empire State of mind ! 
Just landed in NY !! 
Oh how I've missed New York ! 
Party tonight in Gorham-anyone can come , if you can ! Just text me or send me a message for directions 
Off to the mall ... with both aunts and the grandma . oh lord .. haha 
just barely made my flight to Atlanta ! 
well , I made it to Atlanta , now on to < PROPFIRST > 
Its boiling hot and humid in Oklahoma today . We need a pool !! 
I just want to thank each and every one of you who posted on my wall today . It was wonderful hear from all of you ! If any of you are willing and able , please come to the party at Cache Ranch in Collinsville , TX tomorrow for music , food , and drinks . Get in touch with me if you need directions ! Thank you again , it was a wonderful birthday . 
It's burnin up down here in Oklahoma/Texas ! 
MMmm chambord < PROPFEMALE > .... 
So complicated Im so frustrated I wanna hold you close I wanna push you away I wanna make you go I wanna make you stay . Should I say it should I tell you how I feel . Oh I want you to know but then again I don't It's so complicated Oh I hate it . Cuz I've waited So long for someone like you . Oh what do I do . Oh should I say it Should I tell you how I feel I want you to know but then again I don't . It's so complicated 
sitting on my porch at Cache ranch ... its so nice here ! 
Oh it's a gorgeous day out there ! 
Just woke up . Wow I must have really needed a nap .... 
Super Excited - Going to watch Futurity bucking bulls tomorrow in Ardmore ! 
Unfortunately , I didn't get any pictures and despite the red truck breaking down in the middle of the highway , the ABBI American Heritage Futurity was friggin sweet ! 
Who would have ever known ...??? :-) 
Going to get the red truck after our little escapade this weekend , wish me luck !! 
We made it ! 
Shower then bed ... thank god this day is over 
Its raining !!!! 
\Its another < PROPFEMALE > sunrise ... \"" 
Is it quittin time yet ...!? 
So I basically have to get up in 4.5 hours and I'm still not in bed .... intelligent ! 
Oh my its HOT ! Getting ready to go down to Cache Ranch for a little party at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is freakin killing me makin jokes ! 
Its a crazy day in the neighborhood - Everyone is getting ready for the NRHA Derby this week .... So excited for my favorite horse show of the year ! 
Mmm I love the Derby ! 
Last Shot ! 
Oh every time I close my eyes I see my name in shiney lights oh my I swear the world better prepare for when I'm a billionaire ... 
I don't think its right that someone feels the need to tell you not to do something because it would be ' disrespectful ' , then turns around and does it themselves . Fu**ing hypocrit . I wasn't born yesterday ... 
I love my big ol puppy ! He's figured out that bein snuggled up next to me on the bed at night is the way to go LOL 
Oh my HOT ! I can't believe I live in a place that's this sweltering ... 
Drivin to OKC for my favorite show of the year !! 
What a finals ...! 
Stress is very unbecoming on me .... 
I need a new phone from Verizon ... any suggestions ? preferably a smartphone ... 
Six Flags Over Arlington !!! 
At Cinder Lakes watching < PROPFIRST > Fappani school Einsteins Revolution ... amazing ! 
Exhausted ! 
OMG THE RAIN ! 
Going to see Eclipse finally ! 
So tired ... and I can feel a headacbe coming on ... ugh 
Its a quarter after one I'm a little drunk and I need you now 
Friday night alone ... how sad lol 
just got in from work ... so # ? * ! ing tired lol 
Sexy can I ... lol ! 
< PROPMALE > and I totally kicked ass last night at beer pong ...! 
Oh what a cluster 
The more money we come across the more problems we see ... 
omg memories !! 
A little lost today 
Darling you are the only exception 
Horse haulers have no sense of time ... work in four hours ! 
Got 30 head ridden yesterday thanks to some very nice Australian guys ... ;) Its gonna be a good rowdy week ! 
Bedtime after a very interesting day ... 
Have you ever just sat back and wondered \Why the hell do I put so much thought into some things ? \"" 
Some things are better left unsaid ... 
Oh what a night ... 
Just survived a near death experience ... guns don't kill people , toothpaste does 
I can do it better than her 
Ahhh the burn ! 
Sometimes I love Texas ... 
Ok maybe I am a little nervous ... 
Sincerely impressed 
I think I had way too much to drink last night ... there's a possibility that I may still be drunk and that some guy from California thinks I took a girl home last night ... pretty embaressing 
Its going to be a great week ...!! 
R.I.P. Smart Little < PROPFEMALE > 
Can you believe it's been raining in Gainesville TX for 18 hours ...???? 
My head is spinning ! 
Yeah that happened ... 
Haha nope the first one's a joke 
is ready for round 2 ...! 
Amazing night 
Sooo tired .... sleepy time now-tomorrow is still another day 
Its raining ...! 
I can't believe this RAIN !!!! 
Everything in my freezer is now ruined ... 
Can someone please tell me what is happening to country music !? Since when do country award shows showcase presenters like Snookie and The Situation ....? I'm a little shocked . 
Baby let's roll with it 
Damn the red truck ! 
Oh oh I want some more oh oh what are you waiting for say good-bye to my heart tonight 
You make me smile ... ;) 
is sitting at the Dr. ' s office waiting for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > to get me so we can go shopping ... my work life rocks sometimes ;) 
On my way to the airport-damn its early ! 
is feeling a little neglected .. good thing Whiskey ( my dog ... :D ) loves me ! 
Off to bed - its Sunday tomorrow ... my day off ! And yet I feel the compelling urge to work , why would one do that !? 
I'm supposed to be doing school work but I keep getting distracted ....!!!! It's also possible that I'm really just procrastinating :) 
Whiskey's my little ( or big I shouls say ) cuddlebug ! 
I'm so pissed that I just put my status line on < PROPFEMALE>'s facebook instead of mine ... haha . I meant to say \It doesn't matter what happens on Monday because the first day is always a joke . \"" 
Oh my freakin god 
< PROPFEMALE > asked me if she could lick my fudgesicle today ... I was speechless lol 
Excited for tomorrow .. ' oh oh o want I some more oh oh what are you waiting for say goodbye to my heart tonight ' 
Life may be filled with sneaky little disappointments , but there are infinate possibilities to make them better :) 
Oh my head - such a stressful week , and its not over yet ! Can anyone recommend a stress reliever-quick !? 
What is going on ?! 
I'm pretty sure I say things I shouldn't when I've been drinking , although I am a firm believer in the fact that you always tell the truth when ur drunk because you've lost the inhibition to lie ... haha . Whether that's a good thing or not has yet to be determined ...! 
Taking much needed nap for a bit ... 
< PROPFIRST > Sissorhands with < PROPFEMALE > ... good times 
0n my way to OKC for a vet check ... gives me a lot of time to think bc I'm racking my brain to try to figure this out . 
Making videos all afternoon ... it was a good day to ride ... :) 
At yet another vet check-we're selling machines ! 
Don't you think I deserve an explination ....? 
Goin to see Kaleb and < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
is feeling SOOOOO much better now :) 
;-D 
Oh My wow ... I don't even know what to say ! :-D 
Also ... I can't sleep ! Haha 
What a crazy busy day .... 
I still haven't mastered dancing in Texas .... its becoming a problem at the bar haha 
After reading my horoscope for the day , I'm pretty darn excited for tonight .....!!!! 
I'm becoming a little more enthusiastic about being steered in a different direction :) 
Oh what to do on a Sunday ?????? 
People watching at WalMart sounds good .... lol 
If you love it and it feels right , you should do it 
Kentucky here I come ! 
This is a horribly boring drive alone ..!! 
Crossin the Mississippi River ! 
Made it to Kentucky ... sleeping in my own bed for the first time in almost a year !! Get to see Bri tomorrow .....!! :) 
Fall in Kentucky is beautiful 
Shopping ....! 
Lexington is gorgeous in the sunrise 
Back to Texas today ! 
The back roads of Oklahoma are slightly less fun than advertised .... I just wanna be in my bed !! 
And at this point I think I'm hallucinating . 
TEXAS !! 
Goin out !! ;) 
I can always get lost in a good bookstore 
Goin to ride :) 
Oh what to do about this situation ... I think just roll with it 
oh my god its been a long day ...!! 
I've had an absolute c *** of a day 
Bedtime ... :) 
Legacy Sale ! 
Mmm Champagne .... lol 
Wow , I don't even know what to say right now . 
has such a busy day !! 
Rangers game !! 
I think my head could explode at any given moment ..! 
Thank God we're done for the day !! Off to the bar with < PROPMALE > for a cold one :) 
Gonna be a good day , Tater . 
is so relieved and excited for the future ...! 
Playing Go Fish with < PROPFEMALE > on a Saturday night-how exciting ... lol 
A ship in the harbor is safe , but that's not what ships were made fore . 
There's something about a full < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Bedtime ....? I think so :) 
Ugh ... too much < PROPFEMALE > 
Awesome night-can only imagine the rumors flying tomorrow ! ;) 
Trick or treating with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > 
I have a new found love for sushi 
Bottoms up 
Sleepy time I think ... I had way too much fun last night .. ;) 
My apartment is lookin much cleaner at this point , finally found the motivation to clean !! 
My two new < PROPFEMALE > glasses need to be christened today ...! 
I think I should have let < PROPFIRST > cut me off last night ... ha 
Oh my cowboy hat and Cinch jeans ... Mmmmm haha 
Going to Texas Motor Speedway today for the 8th race in the < PROPMALE > ... should be exciting !!! 
Feels like my heart could pound straight outta my chest-who knew being good was so hard !? 
The guy next to me at the Branding Iron is freakin hilarious- I'm pretty sure he's had way too many < PROPFIRST > n waters ... 
Dessert consists of pumpkin cake and gin n tonic ... yummy haha 
Exhausted from actually getting to ride some horses today ! Going to bed ... :) 
Next week needs to come just a lil faster I think ! 
You gotta get them to crave it ... :) 
Rainy days and mondays ... 
World show !! 
Watching a movie before passing out to rest up for the work week to come ... ;) 
Reading Tarot cards at work ... lmao 
:-D 
The suspense is killing me ;) 
My cheeks hurt from smiling and laughing so much this week ..! 
The < PROPFEMALE > over Texas is unreal tonight ... ;) 
Who would have thought - 81 degrees in Texas in November !! 
Driving to OKC and there's ice on the car ....!!! 
TILT !!! 
On my way to OKC ... Futurity time ! 
I think there's a fire burnin at home ... Not fair ... ;) 
On my way home from OKC just to turn around and go back in the morning ... 
I found a radio station in OKC that's only playing Christmas music ... :D 
Finals day !! 
Its the first showing foal crop for Spooks Gotta Gun and he has an open futurity winner to his credit ! Phoenominal 
Watching a horse sale at < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s in Fort Worth , Texas ... extremely entertaining 
Tis the season for ... 
For the love of a horse ... 
On my way to Oklahoma City yet again .. 
There may be love in the air 
Oh my I was a little belligerent last night .... ;) 
In KY - nuff said ... 
Fiesta Mexico time !!!! 
Headed to Lex tonight with < PROPFEMALE > Laude !! Soooo excited ... ;-) 
Oh my ......... 
Unreal weather today in Texas - 70+ degrees and < PROPFEMALE > at the end of December !!! 
Livin the dream ... :) 
< PROPFIRST > and i are looking for a third party to play my new board game ....... Any takers ? 
Can't wait for tomorrow - looking forward to being lazy and spending the day with my favorite people ;) 
Absolute perfection ;) 
Oh Texas Bull - how I've missed your redneck charm ... 
I hope you don't mind if I put down in words how wonderful life is now you're in my world ;) 
So excited about Fort Worth this weekend ! 
Just another < PROPFEMALE > sunrise ... 
We're having a going away party for < PROPMALE > tonight at the Branding Iron around 7-8 pm . Anyone who can should try to make it-we're doing karaoke and of course alcohol .... ;) ! 
Its snowing in Texas ...!! 
If it wasn't for change , there wouldn't be any butterflies ... 
It's going to be sooo quiet around here now ! Our Ranch family has shrunk over the past week ... :( 
Letting a ten year old do your hair and makeup can have some scary outcomes .... :) I think < PROPFEMALE > is having way too much fun tonight ! 
There's nothin like good friends and good drinks .. ;) 
If I fall , will you let me down easy ... ;) 
Just put my very first French Apple pies in the oven ... I hope they come out as good as they looked when they went in !! 
Would you believe its 72 degrees in Gainesville TX today and I'm walking around in a t-shirt !? Insane ... :) 
In Toucumcari , NM on our way to Scottsdale , AZ ! 
Finally made it to Phoenix ! 
Sooooooo tired .... 
Proud of my little protege ! Sleepy time ... :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is the 2011 Sun Circuit Novice Youth Reining Champion ! 
I got a sunburn today ! 
On the road , back to Texas ! 
The tire place in Midland is some kind of scary .... 
We just had two blow outs on the tires we just got put on 30 minutes ago , we're sitting on the side of hwy 20 with 6 horses on the trailer - its not turning out to be a good day ... 
NEVER stop at Patriot Oil Co . in Midland Tx ! They charged us $250 for two \good\ " used tires that both blew out 50 < PROPMALE > away ! " 
Finally made it home ...! So very happy ;) 
Snow day !! 
Bed is boring ... 
How is it possible that you make me strong and weak at the same time ... 
We may only have tonight , but til the morning light you're mine ; all mine . Play the music low and sway to the rhythm of love 
You'd think it was the beginning of summer here in Texas ... :) 
There's just not enough hours in the day ... 
Goin out !!! 
Just drank about $500-700 worth of wine ... WOW 
Tornado watch for N . Texas ... yay ... 
It is absolutely GORGEOUS here today !! And my colts couldn't be riding better ... :) 
Lightening is so intriguing ... 
The grocery store is < PROPFEMALE > expensive these days , I feel like I need to shop lift ... 
Movies ! 
.... and Sushi ! 
The < PROPFEMALE > over Texas tonight is unreal ... so beautiful 
Breakfast and a mani/pedi with < PROPFEMALE > ... :) 
I LOVE my life 
My sushi fortune cookie says : Wish upon the next < PROPFEMALE > you see for luck the next day . Too bad its cloudy ... 
I haven't been this bored since .... well ever ! 
Its a cold day in Hel- I mean Texas ... :) 
We're about to set up our new round pen ...! 
FINALLY got my Stingrays !!!!!! 
He's amazing <3 
the lake was cold but I had to put my toes in :) 
