fuck off . Straight to the top , beezies , die tryin ' to get like me ! 

fuck men ! 
so tired . wish i had someone to curl up next to tonight . :( 
On the Vic , chillin like a villian 
I'm spooked out . Do not watch \Paranormal Activity\ " ! It is evil . " 
I'm jus gonna pretend that 12:30 is 12:00 . cuz that's when i will be settled in the house home from work . Who says i can't ? Ya'll who know me know i write my own damn novel anyhow . Can't wait to break the wishbone with u , sexxi pants ! 
2011-\ 
year of the big dreams and stitchin ' up all the loose seams , knockin ' out the phonies and the fiends , making all those thoughts come out of da head and into the gleam . 
Everybody ! it started snowing at midnight ! How lucky r we ! I'ts a beautiful winterland , will be posting pics and maybe even video . \ 
yiiiiiiiiiiii ! 
mmmmmmm my neck , my back ... 
Time to break on thru to the other side .... 
wow i am so happy for you ! It all sounds great . Congrats Aruna 
lol i dont get facebook 
I am losing my mind . really . 
wow i think my relationship is REALLY over this time . i do not know how to be just me . i am scared shitless . 
Domestication of the beast ... 
get like me 
uh i love doing what i damn please going where i like no one can tell me shit ! Its like some combination of the turning 16 18 & 21 all at the same time except im an old lady haha . Just wish a certain someone would cut the games out ! 
ugh need a new piercing or ink on da skin . addictions addictions ... 
oh boy double baby daddy drama 
Im getting married !!!!!!!!!!! woooo !!!!!!!!!!! 
I assembled a treadmill all by my self yesterday ! Only took about 6 hrs , a gallon of sweat , and a thousand curse words ! I cant fuckin believe i did a total boy job all by myself . Yes , I am a sexist . 
almost 48hrs off my pills and have not killed anyone ... yet ... 
making the kids lunch and filling out paperwork . ewww 
working on getting a lil jobby 
What kind of BITCH are you ? -- My Result : TRASHY BITCH . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/234027/referrals/status?aid=1842845643 
dead catfish in a bucket . sick ! 
that's cuz most people r haters . Haters , we collect them like stamps . biiiitch always take that shit as flattery . people cant be honest with themselves so don't expect them to be honest with you ! That's why i have few friends but i prefer to keep it that way . less drama . u gotta screen out all the others . 
hurry and come fall , i'm ready for a change of season . 
omg i am so frickin bored . ya i am happy i do not have to work but at the same time , o feel so non-productive and like i need to be doing something useful 
YOU CUNT STAY OFF MY < PROPFEMALE > ! GET A FUCKIN LIFE ! 
where my booty be ! yaaaaaayerrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! 
i\ 
love my life ! I love that my future is open , i love my new husband and \ 
my babies , and i love that i can have anything i frickin want . all i \ 
gotta do is want it bad enough . Everything I wanted , I have so far . the \ 
things i still want , im getting soon . :-) 
Its my bday bitchessssss ! Was up ! 
Bout to get drunk when the kids go to bed . yiiiiiiiiiiiii ! 
ewww i've already barfed once last night and three times this am ! Well i like to think positive , so way to kick start my diet ! hahahaha 
Very excited for next weekend . My Lova is taking me to the Reptile Fair in Sac . Gonna b fascinating . And he is getting me my starter breeding pair of Leopard Geckos ! I simply adore those little creatures . Gonna start breeding them . 
Mmm pre-dinner snack is ice cream . No wonder i need to start a diet monday . The weather is gorgeous today . Rain cleaned air . Feels crisp and like autumn 
Thinking bout my birthday wishes . they WILL come true . next year . cant wait . 
busy week . much to do 
So Im selling something on Craigslist . This lady comes over in scrubs and I could just tell she was judging either me or my house or the both . After she leaves , I take a scan across my living room . LOL , filled with taprestries of pot leaf and < PROPMALE > Marley and my two lovely little children and me in my jammies . GOTTA LUV IT !!!!!! 
Debating whether it's time for a dramatic hair makeover or if i should just leave it be 
ok ok i have said it enough but now it's really time . Diet time . get ready for cranky hungry Ashzilla ! ugh i am feeling disgusting time to detox 
i gotta poop ! 
any girls want to discuss a nasty male habit ? or males . whatever . im grossed out right now 
Waiting for Daddy to put kids down so we can have our time . ;-) 
God , my son has been bustin ' off the stankest gas the last few days ! Choking over here ! 
One of my fav fav songs ! i Can't hear it enough . I can so relate and i \ 
also love the vibe . I could totally rock this hard at the club ! \ 
\ 
love addiction , enough is never enough ! \ 
\just can't kick the habit\ " \ 
anxiety attack approaching , i feel it a coming on !!!! arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
I am a brat face and felt off this AM . i was mean to my husband and he comes home with roses and donuts ! I love this guy . He is out now going to get our big screen t.v. and then come home and make me lunch . YIIIIIIII ! 
If\ 
you and I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR words , what \ 
would you say to me ? ( And if you make a comment , you gotta copy/paste \ 
this into your status ... fair is fair ! ) 
Reasons why Haden can't clean up his mess :\ 
1 . tired ! \ 
2 . i don't want to ! \ 
3 . i don't like you ! \ 
4 . i don't love you ! \ 
5 . i can't!\ 
6 . too hard ! \ 
All followed by him smacking his own head and telling ME to chill out ! 
the kids r pushing it big time today . i need a frickin vacation . 
I'm going to the Reptile Fair this AM ! So stoked u don't even know ! I'm supposed to come home with a leopard gecko or two so if I do , i will post pics of my cold blooded little lovies ! Kids are coming with us , gonna be really fun . They r gonna have lectures and shows and vendors selling diff types of reptiles ! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\ 
I LOVE < PROPFIRST > CARNEVALE !!!!!!!!!!!!! the best husband , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . B jealous biotches hahahaha * evil laugh * 
Few things i hate more than a jealous , spiteful woman 
Sometimes beautiful children come from ugly bitches ! 
Can it be 2011 yet ! 
Dun Dun ! I found the leak ! I found the leak ! 
oh god . not football . \ 
isn't that better things to watch ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I made a \Beaver Dog\ " Anthem and it goes something like this ;\ 
<3 \ 
look i made a heart ! 
Hey u beezies , i gotta go clean the kitchen from dinner , be back in awhile <3 
gotta put the kids down . this always takes forever . the more anxious i am to have them fall asleep the more restless they become . I want my ME time ! 
I talked so much and laughed so hard with my girls < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > I gave myself a < PROPMALE > headache . My voice resonated in my head and shook my brains to the point that i have pounding head painn . ughhhhh 
Another day , but not another dolla . :-( lol 
Shake yo tail feathers , biotchhhhhh ! 
so frustrated ! Going to my friend's wedding tommorow and i have one of those huge bump pimples that has no head , so i can't even pop it . I'm so upset !!! I never breakout anymore , and right before a big event i get one ? r u serious ? 
Driving to s.c. this drive is always so long ! 
oh ya guys , just for ur info , have not paid phone < PROPMALE > yet and it has been shut off a few days , so i u have texted and heard nothing back , this is the reason ! love ya ! 
Trying to research wedding venues online for next year's big day ! 
LindsayLohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , ...... and < PROPMALE > Tate 27 , are all Marines ... that gave their lives this week , no media mention . Honor THEM by reposting 
I am officially Mrs. Carnevale . Got my s.s card and my driver's license is on the way ! 
Job interview today ! Keep ur fingers crossed . Pretty sure i got it , but then again , u never know . 
Everybody , I am officially the < PROPFEMALE > of Drama ! Whoooo ! \ 
fun fact of the day : I met my husband on Myspace ! 
you would think that if u were used to drinking large amounts of booze every day and u stop then u would lose weight . But noooo , I guess I eat more sober than i did drunk . wtf ! 
Watching Cops . The crossdresser prostitutes are a riot ! 
Happy Saturday ! Even tho Saturday is like every other day of the week for me now . Only downfall is , tomorrow is football . all day . lame ! < PROPFIRST > said i could go do something tomorrow but all u biotches live to far , so i guess im doomed to football . :-( 
Finally stopped procrastinating and did my 4 < PROPMALE > ! Wooo ! I'm sweaty like a fat man . 
Put kids down . Time for ME ! shower , shave , deep hair conditioner , and face mask !!!!!! \ 
Yay ! About damn time . 
I'm flaming angry . My stepson just took a shit outside in the yard and my daughter was playing in it . Then i yell at Haden to get off the car and he tells me he is going to kill me ! I was in the middle of eating my soup too . < PROPFEMALE > pissed right now . I'm going out for a drive when my husband gets home . 
Big homemade Sunday Breakfast with the Family . happy Sunday :-) 
I'm not quitting . I did my run today , 4.3 < PROPMALE > . One day at a time . 
I hope my bathroom scale is right . If it is , I lost a pound in 2 days . 
Haden\ 
got his first fade today . I feel like a grown-up , I spent some of my \ 
bday $ i have had tucked away on my kid's haircut instead of myself . \ 
* sigh * 
Smoked Prime Rib , Corn , Salad , < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > Oil Potatoes and Cinnamon buns for dessert . We def know how to get our grub on at this house ! 
trying to figure out how to set a mouse trap i accidently set off . this sux , i slammed it on my thumb ! 
Wake it and shake it , Baby ! yiiiii ! 
was going to kiss the baby and ended up with a mouthful of snot ! 
To the treadmill it is . boring , cuz the kids r asleep I can't hear the t.v. , and it def does not work trying to hold a magazine and run . So I guess I will be staring at the wall for the next hr . damn it ! 
I like it on the kitchen table 
8 hrs of driving . Glad to be home . No boys for a week , yay ! a little peace and quiet and time to prepare for the following week ! 
First day of just mama , daddy and baby . What to do ? So many options ! 
Loves it how when i smooch < PROPFEMALE > , she wipes her mouth with the back of her hand like i gave her goobies when I'M the one with the slobber on my face 
Pee test coming up for a new job ... hmmmm .... 
stubbed pinky toe and split toenail down the middle . sucky 
Forecasts ;\ 
Good times ahead ! 
Brass Monkey ! 
Watching a History Channel Special called \Hippies\ " . Great info on LSD lol . simply fascinating . " 
night . Gotta go take my piss test in the Am . Ugh . 
Damn , my family can drink a gallon of milk a day , no problem , and the funny thing is , the boys are not even home ! I think we need to just get our own cow at this point . 
I'm pissed . i have been bustin ' my ass and my weight hasn't budged . Kinda just makes me wanna say fuck it and binge . 
Feel Funky today . Like someone hit the master power-down switch . 
fell asleep with t.v. on and i guess a t.v. preacher came on . i had a whole long dream about being at bible study . which is hilarious , because if u know me , i'm anti-church and Christianity . hilarious . 
Maybe going back to college in the near future ?? Hmmmm ..... 
Have not drank in like 2 weeks , and daymn , it's due time ! Got the Bacardi Apple and Cranberry Splash and here we go ! 
owwww pain ! 
Dance party over here ! I tear da club up , errrrr ... da living room floor ! haahaa 
Taking care of Business ! 
Much accomplished today . Husband and I have our first joint bank account . <3 \ 
It def is one of those little things that makes being newly married feel real . 
ewww feel like barfing 
Off to the SC to get the boys ! 
uhh , dropped home phone in a sink full of dish water . So i guess leave a vm and i will call u back ! 
Nice long walk to clear the mind and freshen the soul 
www. astro.com it does a basic personal astrological chart if you put in your info . way cool . 
Oh , it's gonna be a long , long day . 
I got the job , going in on Monday for the paperwork ... 
I gotta ... poo ! Good morning world ! 
The boys are back , it's all 5 of us again . Here we go ! 
Lol -- \ 
Red : No , no . This is for his own good . Look , in order for < PROPFIRST > to be a happy , well adjusted adult , he has to be miserable now . That’s just good parenting . If I was to be Mr. Nice Guy now , do you know what would happen to < PROPFIRST > in a few years ? Do you ? \\ 
Haden sings the song by Drake , \Find your Love\ " ? i better \ 
Lots of behavioral issues going on over here . it's one 0f those days ... 
Here goes football day again . I'm gonna have < PROPFIRST > set thr Xbox up in the bedroom so i can play Fable ll so i'm not bored out of my mind ! 
Let's\ 
see how forthcoming my facebook friends are .. and if they are paying \ 
attention .... Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me \ 
using the THIRD letter of YOUR first name . No repeats , it can only be 1 \ 
word . Then copy and paste this on your wall so I can leave a \ 
comment ....... This should be interesting . Be nice !! :-) 
Teen Mom Finale tonight ?? 
I'm turning into a nerd . I think about my video game when I'm not playing it . I think about what missions i will do when i do get to play it . I think about running to the Xbox and beating my husband to it before he plays his game ! 
When 1 member of a family is grumpy , the whole family is . I am not in a good mood this AM . 
going to work . don't know when i'm off . 
I got this new job under control . I think it's gonna be just what I've been needing , on many levels . It's def gonna be different though , I've been with my family all day all night for the longest time . I missed the kids today . 
A fucking stalemate . Lovely . 
Ugh Insomnia 
Anxiety , anxiety . does it ever end ! 
It's been pouring rain all night and now all morning ! Are we gonna flood ? How can that much rain come out of the sky ? 
Everything must come to an end ! Such is life . Now get over it and move on . 
lame . they want a reconnect fee to turn my cell back on . im pissed . 
Kids are expensive !!!!! especially 3 ! 
yay ! We just pre-ordered Fable 3 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I miss my family when i'm at work . Have not adjusted to being gone all day yet . 
night guys . 
We in the $$$ baby ! 
OMG OMG frickin ' DANZIG is coming to Chico ! I'm about to pee my pants ! Soooo gonna try to go ! 
Nice weekend . Monday all over again soon . Here we go . 
Already trying to come up with good xmas presents . The kids are a breeze . it's the big people i gotta really think for ... 
Leave me alone ! I just want to frickin ' do my run ! pisssed off ! 
Love hangover . I'm completely exhausted . Does that count as my workout for today ?? 
ugh headache . want to go back to bed . TGIF everybody ! 
Thunder , Hail , and a warm home and my crazy lovable family ! 
Wow . I'ts 36 degrees right now , so i imagine last night was way colder . Our windows are not insulated and our heater is not working properly . It was < PROPFEMALE > cold , hope tonight sleep goes better ! 
The weekend is here ! Yay ! 
we were brave enough to attempt to try a movie at the theatre . Megamind 3D . well the kids were actually well-behaved and quiet , but the 3D glasses were one size fits all , meaning adult sized . at a kids ' movie . lame ! But an overall success 
5.5 < PROPMALE > . Yay ! 
How is it possible to run 5 < PROPMALE > a day and not lose weight ! I am sooo angry 
Is on the train 
Shaking my ass off in the living room with the music blasting all by myself . fucking awesome . 
Happy FATASS day everybody . what the fuck r u stuffing ur face for ? to honor the pilgrims or some bullshit ? Enjoy everybody ! 
We got the Xbox , Kinect , it's a trip . \ 
I'm eating a cheeseburger , turkey is ewww ! 
It's a chilly 49 degrees and my husband can't stand the smell of nail polish so i'm not even allowed to paint in bathroom . Sooo i gotta put on jacket and paint outside ! \ 
arrrrrr 
Chinese night at home : spring rolls , beef and broccoli , chow mein , anddddd\ 
< PROPFEMALE > and nogg ! \ 
YAY ! 
Just got < PROPFIRST>' < PROPFIRST > tmas present . i'm so excited i'm so excited ! And it's not even for me !!!!!! 
Champagne , a homemade italian dinner , and a tree that just went up . Now , to just try and curb the inner scrooge from blowin ' it all to hell .... :-) :-( 
Over and Out ! \ 
Flying sedated , catch ya later 
Things our going well on vacation , i guess i can't complain ! loving the man , chillin with the fam , kids r having fun . \ 
Oh ya , i found something to gripe about-i might comeback 5 lbs heavier lol 
hey guys , I'm working and shyt now so i'm never on here like i used to be . not like u noticed ! lol . anywho , u know how to holla 
My head just swirls all day with to do lists , things to get done get done , what haven't i done i need to do ? will i have time , how can i organize better , ever catch up , i need a retirement savings , my kids need college funds , well there ever be enough money to stop worrying ? To do lists to do lists , schedules , filling in and editing , getting hard to sleep now .... 
My life rocks ! And i have the greatest family ever . :-) I just said it , so now u can call me out when i'm being a whiny brat . 
It's my T.G.I.F. today ! 
Over Christmas already . My positivity came like the clouds parting to let my shine thru , but then have quickly returned to their dark state of existence . \ 
* Muaaahhhahaha * 
Long day . Back to work tommorow . 
Slept thru my frickin ' work meeting , awesome . < PROPFEMALE > irritated with myself . 
ugh , going to work . dreaming of alternatives ... 
I am the ultimate BRATFACE ! and i love it ! 
Going to go see Little Fockers today before work . Can't wait !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I ordered one of < PROPFIRST>' xmas presents and it was guaranteed to be here by tomorrow . But the p . o . box will be closed tommorow , and won't open again until Monday . oooh im mad . 
When u start to hear the same thing from different people , it's plausible it could be true . ( that is , if u don't surround yourself with idiots , lol ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > day ! woo0 
yay fun . Combative clients on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . Gotta just throw ur head back and laugh sometimes ! 
when i get off work , i'm poppin ' dat bubbly . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Got all I wanted ! Yay ! Everything Zen . \ 
<3 my fam 
Hush Hush ! 
my lip piercing is starting to heal . yay ! \ 
So i was thinking about how there r 2 types of facebookers . The ones who only update everybody for important things , and then the rest of us who seem to know not what to say so we say the first thing that pops into ur head . Like a primal thought . Here everybody , this is how simple my minds works ... 
Reno tommorow ? hmmmm 
Scratch Reno , we will do that in the New Year . Off to Fresno to see my fav girl ! 
see ya soon ! 
had a bomb diggity time with my homie and the grams ! yay ! 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile . 
It's a freezing 30 degrees at the moment , and this little place is not insulated ! \ 
I only slept 5 hrs cuz someone had to wake up and go fishing , so not the happiest camper over here 
Maybe i'm spoiled and/or lazy , but I hate that i can't just hit a frickin ' switch and the t.v. and sound work automatically . I have to like feel behind the stereo receiver and switch the input , sooo lame-o ! need one of those switcher boxes , anyone know what they r called ? 
