is asking for prayers , she has a job interview tomorrow ! 

is glad today is so beautiful ! 
has to go back to work if for no other reason than to go shopping again . 
is thanking everyone for their thoughts and prayers . I return to work next week as a Child Support Hearing Officer !! 
is thinking about adding to the tattoo . Let me know if you have any ideas . 
is watching one of those exceedingly cheesey movies on the SyFy channel . 
is cooking once again ! 
cooked again ! Vegetable lasagne tonight !! Woot ! 
managed to cook yesterday even with a pounding migraine ... hope that chicken was cooked all the way through . 
is watching \The Office\ " and absolutely howling !!!! " 
thinks it's an absolute travesty when the President feels that he has to apologize for winning the Nobel Peace Prize . 
have developed an allergy to her rabbit and is trying to find him a good home . 
may have developed an allergy to her rabbit and is trying to find him a good home . 
still doesn't have a costume for tonight ! 
had the bestest Halloween ever !!!! 
is rockin ' out to Journey ! 
is wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving ! 
is thanking everyone for all the birthday wishes !! 
is watching SNL's Christmas show and howling ! Forgot how funny some of skits were ! 
noticed an extra bag of garage to be picked up on Thursday that she didn't put there and there were what she thinks were deer tracks in the snow in the backyard on Thursday night . Could it be that freeloading deer have taken up residence behind my garage ??? 
is in a glass cage of emotion !!! 
is learning to adapt to life with a Bichon Frise . Apparently , I'm just a squirrel in his world trying to get a nut ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
This tears it ! It's snowing again ! This is why I want to cremated instead of buried .! 
is at home again today . Using yet more vacation time because her car is stuck in the driveway . 
It's the Lenten season ! What do you plan to give up or start doing for Lent ? 
Is there a law that says if you're over 40 you can't send simple information by e-mail ? You have to actually write it down and physically give it to someone each and every time ? 
I love Black History month ! I can actually see back to back movies featuring black people .. not necessarily good movies bu still !! 
saw a great production of \Porgy and Bess\ " with the family last night . " 
The Que party turned out to be really good and the average age dropped to 40 ! 
cannot handle social interactions before 9:00 am . I seriously need to learn how to meditate before I hurt somebody . 
This has been a wild day ! Precious Lord , take my hand ! 
is watching , \It's Always < PROPFEMALE > in Philadelphia . \ " This show is off the chain ! I love it !! " 
is finally having a less hectic day . 
Along with the CDs someone stole my Bible ?? Seriously , who steals the bible ?? Wouldn't that just make Hell burn hotter for you ? It wasn't even the < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > verison !! 
got the dog groomed and trimmed . Now he likes like a mini version of Falcor from \The Neverending Story \"!" 
wants < PROPFEMALE > Winehouse to stay sober enough to put out a new album . 
may be drinking her lunch today . 
My dog smiled at me yesterday and he was showing his teeth ! It was the cutest creepiest thing I've ever seen ! 
can't believe it's Monday already ... ick . 
has yet to watch \The Big Bang Theory\ " and laugh . " 
needs to get music on her Ipod 
sinuses are flaring up and making her feel icky . 
is not ready for the rain this weekend , my backyard is turning into jungle ! 
is incredibly unmotivated today 
Two days down , two more to go . 
is trying to determine how wearing pajama pants in public has become a trend . 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
Rest in peace < PROPFEMALE > Horne 
is wondering when it became acceptable to wear your clothes two sizes too small and let your stomach < PROPFEMALE > out beneath your shirt ? 
Friends , next week I'll be posting a series of quandaries regarding current fashion trends and I'd like your opinions on why they've become acceptable . Thanks ! 
When did it become acceptable to wear the head scarf , in which you sleep , stained with oil and dirt out in public to conduct your daily business ? Help me to understand folks ! 
What's the point of wearing shorts that are just as high and tight as your underwear ? 
I know there are mixed feelings on this one but , when did it become acceptable to wear flip-flops as everyday footwear ? Specifically , I'm talking about the run down , filthy , rubber kind that are only supposed to be at the pool . 
I would kill for a spiked cup of coffee today . 
Hey , everybody ! Pac-man is 30 today ! Google's doodle of the day is a mini playable version of the game !!! 
Sunshine ? Heat ? Do I dare turn on the air and pull out the summer clothes ? 
will never understand the allure of playing in the street when you have a decent park in walking distance or a backyard . 
needs to get some kids so she can a reason for skipping work more often . 
is desperately in need of this three day weekend . 
Puff had his annual check up and got a clean < PROPMALE > of health ! Now if we can just do something about his separation anxiety . 
Maybe it's just me but I'll never understand the need to share highly personal information over a cell phone in a crowded elevator . 
is searching for a truly gourmet cupcake . 
had a truly great weekend . Unless you're conservative and or believe that the US can do no wrong , go see the Shepard Fairey exhibit at Contemporary Arts center . 
Just because the newest fashion trend comes in your size or what you perceive to be your size it doesn't mean you have to wear it . 
If could be and do anything at all , how would you live your life ? 
I'm getting the trash together this morning and the dog walks behind me to scratch at the bag . When I called his name to tell him to stop , he actually jumped and looked surprised like he didn't know that he was doing something he shouldn't have . Seriously , it's like having a kid ! 
just discovered that she has a plum tree in her backyard ! 
is seriously craving lemon cake but is trying hard to resist temptation ! 
Happy Father's Day ! 
No mas lluvia ! Por favor , no mas ! No mas ! 
can no longer see the point of paying for cable TV when the featured movie of the week of is \Dinocroc vs Supergator \"" 
celebratin ' in Chi-town ! 
is still in Chi-town ! 
is back in Blah town 
would rather be at home training her little dog . 
today needs to be over quickly 
Congratualtions < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !! 
Happy Friday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Today is off to a great start ! I slept through my alarm , woke up in a frenzy , tripped , fell , and I'm pretty sure I broke my thumb . Yes sir , today is definitely my day ! 
I didn't break any fingers this morning so I'm already off to a good start . 
Discovered that what she thought was a giant weed is actually a pear tree ! 
Feeling kind of icky , was way too groggy this morning . 
is wishing this migraine would go away 
is still battling a migraine 
I said it once and I'll say it again ; I want < PROPFEMALE > Winehouse to sober up and drop another album ! 
Puff is actually resting in his crate !!!!! 
Happy Friday ! 
It's definitely Monday 
The children are back in school ... fantastic . 
It's Friday < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
To date the dog has now pilfered a brownie , half a bag of < PROPMALE>'s popcorn(I'm still mad about that one ! ) , and last night he ate the last three bites of my fish sandwich when I went to get a drink ! If he hits the liquor cabinet it's over !! 
Today is truly wonderful . The dog chewed through a bag of tortillas , somebody ran a yield sign and almost slammed into my car , and I have to buy a new tire . it doesn't get any better than this ! 
Not one new tire , not two , but four , four new tires ! Sweet Jesus 
I need cake and coffee ... now . 
Full docket today , no room to breathe 
I need chocolate cake before jumping back on the fitness train tomorrow . 
Even bad coffee is good sometimes 
Need cupcake , trying hard to resist urge , losing battle ... 
Happy Birthday , Haven ! 
brewed a good cup of coffee and can't drink it because I'm getting a headache . Fantastic . 
Man , I'd like to be face down in chocolate cake right now . 
I went to yoga class last night but woke up with a neck cramp this morning . What's up with that ? 
\It's Always < PROPFEMALE > In Philadelphia\ " season premiere tonight ! Yeah !!! " 
Happy Hump Day ! 
It's Friday ! Gin and tonic time ! 
When is National Alcohol month ? 
It's almost Friday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So tired , need weekend . 
I like it on the piano bench , closet , or couch . 
Drinking coffee and falling asleep at the same time . 
Feeling a little icky and tired 
The Dent Haunted Schoolhouse is off the chain ! 
A People of JFS website would put the People of Walmart site to shame . 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > McDonald do a mean rendition of \All is Fair in Love . \"" 
It's Fridaaaaaay ! 
I think I saw a squirrel commit suicide today and inadvertently aided in its untimely death ! 
I want to be at home right now playing with my little dog . 
Good coffee is second best to top shelf hard liquor . 
Vote ! 
Day 3 of Migraine Mania ! 
So very glad this week is coming to an end 
It's Monday way too soon 
Yeah ! It's my favorite day of the week ! 
It's hard to eat right when co-worker's lunches are better than yours and they're always talking about cookies and cupcakes . :-( 
I am literally craving another cup of coffee . This can't be good . 
Two more days until Turkey Day ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Monday is in full force ! 
I say to thee : Yea cannot truly know Man's Best Friend until thine has had to express < PROPFEMALE>'s anal glands . 
I am not ready for winter ! 
Happy Birthday to all my follow Sagittariuses ! 
Thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes ! 
Mother Nature , is this frigid weather your punishment on those who suggested you start hormone replacement therapy ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Kwanza ! 
So glad Cincinnati Public had to work today ! Welcome to the club ! 
What ? Cincinnati Public is open today too ? Sweeet ! 
I am once again hatin ' on Cincinnati Public ! I hope you all have to work two extra weeks this summer . A pox on you all ! 
Seriously not feeling < PROPFIRST>'s Day this year 
The best part of < PROPFIRST>'s Day is all the half-priced chocolate the next day ! 
Had a great day spending time with my sister 
Despite the migraine that started on Thursday and didn't end until midday Saturday , I still had a great weekend being with family and friends . 
“Things don't go wrong and break your heart so you can become bitter and give up . They happen to break you down and build you up so you can be all that you were intended to be . ” – < PROPFIRST > “Tremendous” Jones 
The Black People awards were on last night , not as bad as usual . 
Thinking about something my mom always says , \People are reluctant to do right because doing wrong is so much easier than doing right . \"" 
God is testing me today and I think it must be a comprehensive exam ! 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > Black on Fox 19 news representing CPS !! 
If you speak Spanish as a second language what was your learning method ? 
There is absolutely no reason that \Arthur\ " should have been re-made ! " 
Please re-post for at least 1 hr if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Lupus , Cystic Fibrosis , Diabetes , Schleroderma , Thyroid disease , Crohns , Fibromyalgia , PCOS , Rheumatoid Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , MS , MD , Depression , Bipolar , Autism , Arachnoiditis ) . Do it for all who have an invisible illness . It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine outside . 
If I see one more name ending in \tavious\ " today I'm going to loose it ! " 
So tired of being misunderstood . 
Good God Almighty , my dentist is 6 feet of latin fine !! 
\ I sleep on a pissy mattress ! I ain't got good food to eat ! I borrow money for my Weed ! I quit ! That's it . Y'all ain't got Conspiracy Brother Jones to kick around no more ! Give me a pillow case ... I'm joining the Klan ! \"" 
Dear Mother Nature , please , I'm begging you to please , start hormone replacement therapy so we can have season appropriate weather . Thank you 
I know that Aqua Teen Hunger Force makes no sense but damn if I don't laugh everytime I catch one of their espisodes ! I think I need to go pray . 
Went to < PROPMALE>'s Mediterrian Grill for the first time last night and the lamb sliders were fantastic ! 
Really , Mother Nature , really ? 
Getting head and chest cold , want to go home . 
I have yet to meet a \mouth breather\ " who isn't a complete idiot . " 
At the Legends of Hip-Hop concert and so far it's off the chain !!! 
Had a truly great weekend ! The Legends of Hip-Hop tour Friday night(Doug E . Fresh tore it up ! ) , the tattoo convention Saturday , and dinner with the family at Aroma tonight ! 
Dang ! Got outbid on the last and most important piece of equipment I needed for my fitness regimine ! 
In serious need of a good cup of coffee . 
I must be losing it , I'm actually giving serious consideration to buying a Here Come the Mummies cd . 
It's about to be on !!!!! I just bought the most important piece of equipment for my fitness plan ! HAAHAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHH@ !! 
So tired , up with sick dog most of the night and yet I still want children . 
Really wishing I could share some of these horri-I mean , unique names I see . Really , really wish I could ... 
Just finished my bellydance dvd , it's a serious workout ! 
\I have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had nowhere else to go . \ " < PROPMALE > Lincoln\ 
Day 3 of the Migraine Marathon continues ! I wonder what it has in store today ? Will it be unresponsive to meds or make me almost hurl again ? Stay tuned ! 
Finally found toys the dog enjoys !!!! 
Finally got to sign the petition against SB5 ! 
So glad the < PROPMALE > wedding is over now we can get back to regular TV . 
You betta ' hide ya kids , hide ya ' wife and ya husband , too ' cause Here Come The Mummies tonight !!!!!!!! 
The Mummies brought it last night ! They were completely off the chain ! I'm an official Mummette ! 
In the \ugly\ " stage of growing locs and feeling more unattractive than usual . " 
I hate most of what currently passes for music . 
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week to all the teachers , HeadStart staff , speech pathologists , school psychologists and school social workers who are truly dedicated to educating children . 
Having one of those days that makes me wonder where did I go wrong with my life ? 
