im gonna light up ... some incense ... Got ya bitch ! 

feels like the deliciously yum taste of a pizza plaza pizza ... 
Fuck work ay ... im gonna go tell my boss to fuckin go back to your own country ... but maybe not ay cos i wanna keep my job and you know my freedom 
I love scrubs 
Up at 5:45 once again .... My life is homo 
Just had a fight with his brother ... like a real fight ... im quite pissed off 
so bored that my mind may explode any minute ... probs should do some assignment work ay 
Fuck I never come on here these days ay 
i just cant believe it ... 
Religious education is probably the biggest joke ever lol 
... 
I'm going to my thinking place 
YEHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I Fukin love not having exams ! Holy balls its good 
Almost fucking killed myself and my dad when the gps in the car didnt tell me to go to the next < PROPFIRST > but my father did ... that chick was fuckin pissed when i almost crashed into her ! 
So tired it hurts my rather overworked brain ... Although technically I haven't been working my brain at all but sometimes it seems there isn't much of my brain to work that if I work it only a little bit it gets over-worked ... if you get my drift 
I need some ideas to raise cash so i can go to woodford ... 
in < PROPFIRST > with my baby girl =D 
I think Facebook should go into a technical-chaotic-meltdown during which everyone's profiles dies ... thus leaving Facebook a barren wasteland with only a few survivors . These survivors mission is to rebuild Facebook from the ground up using their powers of friend invites ... ( this could go on but your probs already over it ) 
thinkin of times gone past ... it aint good 
I didn't feel the first day of grade 12 to be all that great 
all of this time on my hands so far has gone to feeding my animals 
I was about to write some long explanation for what I'm about to say but fuck it ... Long story short ... FACEBOOK FUCKING SUCKS ! 
You'll get a < PROPMALE > , another < PROPMALE > , one more sun 
stupid fucking car broke down as soon as I get my p's ... now i have to take the stupid fucking bus for however long !!! 
looking at buying a new old car 
So the usual shit happened to me today ... Woke up still slightly drunk next to my also < PROPMALE > over girlfriend on a single bed that has barely any room for two people to sleep on ... Had a coffee to try and hold my stomach together ... thought about having a yack ... drove to the gold coast ... Bought a bmw ... drove to Ikea ... Drove home ... In about 2 seconds I will crash on my bed and never get up again 
incredibly fuckin pissed off ... 
going on a chocolate date 
loves studying for the largest exam he is ever going to participate in ... :( :( :( fuckin ancient 
had no idea that ancient Rome could cause so much grief and trouble 
BAHAHAHA i have no grips on time . My clock just said 1:40 when like an hour ago it was 10:40 so i thought i'd been on my computer for hours ... turns out it was 11:40 but the first 1 i couldn't see 
got my car back FINALLY ! 
got all A's and B's on my report card ... I swear I've had so much luck that tomorrow some random guy off the street will just shoot me in the face and I'll die instantly . Or hell has just frozen over 
sooo ... I ran into the neighbours fence ... 
Dear Brother , When will you learn that calmness of the soul will bring about much more respect then pure , blinding anger ? 
Buckets , Barrels , Baskets , Cans . What must you fill with empty hands ? 
Dear Brisbane Bus Service , Everytime I use your service you seem to be either always late , not coming , or on the rare occasion that you are early , your too early for me to catch . Either shape up or FUCK OFF 
needs some good songs to build up a repitoir 
pullin out the awesome accents when your drunk ... oh so fun 
I feel permanently stoned , this godless endeavor the only cage I've known 
hasnt got anything to do tonight 
there is no stronger drug than reality , twist and change time is nothing regret everything 
setting sun\ 
restless one\ 
taste more than you can take\ 
and leave without a sound\ 
\ 
shadows overgrow\ 
mind empowers matter\ 
given what you owe\ 
shredded into tatters 
listenin to some fucked up shit 
Fuck it , drop dead , theres too much shit inside my head 
YES , EAT SHIT ANCIENT HISTORY I DOMINATED YOU ... finally finished at 3500 words 
AAMI is fucked ... The people associated with them are fucked ... If you want anything to do with them you are fucked ... If you crash in to anyone covered by AAMI your especially fucked 
parties ? 
Ive said all i can and I've done nothing ... why ? 
I just fucked my ancient history exam up the ass !!!! 
eat shit school 
boredddd ! 
can't get a good nights sleep ? try morphine ... better than this shit 
listening to metal fuckin loudly ! the only way to listen to metal 
7 o'clock start ... bah 
so ... anything happening tonight ? 
could do with a drink right now ... 
If a moment in time is irreplaceable , then the moment I took to write this post is wasted . Then why am I doing it ? Probably because it's irreplaceable and I'll never get it back . 
finished work for the week FUCK YEH ! Now what ? 
The devil welcomes you to his domain 
Im sick of the shit 
I feel inadequate and delicate ... maybe a little destitute 
So , anything on tonight ? 
so anything happening tonight ? 
in a crazy music mood ... DUBSTEP CRAZY ! 
is bored ... perhaps I should do some more recording 
I heart Tool 
currently making a nice steaming batch of fake blood 
< PROPFEMALE > got her p's! 
parties tomorrow night ? 
Im so far away . Iv been changing but you'll never see me now . 
a lil disapointed 
so , just been told my girlfriend might spend 6 months in germany next year ... 
so just listened to < PROPFIRST > bieber for the first time in my life .... I had to purge my soul with some hardcore Opeth and Behemoth or else I would die 
is anything on tonight ? 
IM SO EFFING BORED ! 
In my eyes in disposed in disguise as no one knows 
someone save me 
The petals are dead ! 
I forgot what I was gonna say 
is anyone doing anything tonight for after-qcs celebrations ? 
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck 
Desperate heathens flock to sirens ... Guard your heartache well 
HOLY FUCKIN DICKCOW ! 
not going to school tomorrow 
FUCK ME ! IM A MONKEY ! 
haunting dreams and constant thoughts ... 
facebook is fucked ! 
FUCK ... enough said 
loves his fuckin life ... Fuck you < PROPMALE > ! 
I wait for yet another day filled with delightful events such as rainbows in the sky ( happy < PROPFEMALE > ? lol ) , or perhaps being able to drive my car to bundaberg for once in my life :) 
anything on tonight ? 
why are you so good PUSA ? 
I really like it when I punch the devil in the face and the earth explodes in the process 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient \ 
only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as \ 
your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of \ 
someone who died of or is fighting cancer ? 
gym ! 
... and then she threw up everywhere ! 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOO fucked for maths 
I got into the Conservatorium XD Yays !!! 
to all of you going to schoolies I say my final goodbyes ... and also fuck you ! 
Just changed the tyre of the < PROPFEMALE > ... and now I'm havin a beer for the hard work . 
IM 18 !!! 
Cheers everyone for the birthday wishes ... which mainly consisted of either getting loose or getting fucked up .. I shall now comply with those very wishes ! I shall talk to you again when I am sober ... or when Im drunk I don't really mind XD 
Wooo ! Debit Card ... Now I can buy all kinds of shit online ... 
Goin to Gorillaz Sunday !! 
OP 10 I'll drink to that ... well I already have ... too many in fact .. 
bored shitbrains 
The flood in Queensland ... The bush fires in < PROPFEMALE > and Perth ... It's all a build up for 2012 guys ... We are probs immensely fucked . 
Got the muse going and I'm finally recording some shit ! 
It's not your fault , It's my own fault , I'm not human at all , I have no heart . 
get out of my head 
