Pain , pain , go away . Come again , um never would be nice-if not , some very distant day !! 

decided tonite was crazy quiz night . Some of these quizzes are really fun and come out with great results where as others are just totally off the wall and I wonder what the people were on when they were making up their questions . Oh well . Either way I was able to relax , not worry for a bit , and have fun waisting a little ( or maybe more than a little ) time tonight . :) 
Finally going to bed . It's been a long day/night/sunrise . I'll try to check in with my FB pals later . :) 
Wow ! Thank you everyone for the wonderful Birthday wishes !! My age could've been left out , though ... but , thank you all and blessings to you and yours . I also wanted to say I LOVE MY FLOWERS !!! Thanks for remembering !! ((( Hugs ))) to all those wonderful people out there that , even when I sometimes forget , still care about me !!!! Y'all are great and you inspire me to be and achieve more ! 
It's a new year yet it feels like the same old story . Any suggestions on how I can change this ?? 
Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered BABY LOSS . ??? The majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss is a taboo . ??? Break the silence . ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ babies gone too soon but never forgotten about !! 
I don't know about you , but I'm so glad the weekend is here !! We can put behind us the * stuff * of the past week , worship God , fellowship with friends and family , relax , rest , and turn the covers over to find a new week ahead . The weekend truley is a gift from God ! It's not seen in the heavens or earth like the month , year , and even seasons , but it's only described in His Word . What a blessing we've been given !! 
Alas , the week is back ! Well , at least Monday is basically over . Woohoo for small victories !! 
Look back and thank God . Look forward and trust God . Look around and serve God . Look within and find God ! God closes doors no man can open and God opens doors no man can close . If you need God to open some doors for you ... Repost . 
IHCF is hosting Zemer Levav Fri night at 7pm and < PROPFEMALE > Shalom will have their Congregational service at ICF on Sat at 1:30 pm . I-81 VA exit 7 . Turn toward Walmart , then right onto < PROPFIRST > HWY . 1- 1.5 mi on the left will be Battle Hill Drive . About 100 ft up the road the entrance to ICF is on your right . Come all who would like to fellowship in a distinctly Hebraic style , worship , and enjoy one another's company !! 
My cousins are coming to twon ! My cousins are coming to town ! My ..... you get the drift , right ? YAY !!!! 
Don't forget it's < PROPFEMALE > Wars Day ! May the fourth be with you !! And always remember how the Force is like duct tape -- it has a dark side and a light side and it holds the Universe together !!!! ;-P 
Going to pick up cousins today ! Going to pick up cousins today !! Whooopieeeeee !! I'm so excited , and I just can't hide it . I don't know what to do but I think I like it ....... 
Wooohooo ! Ryand & < PROPFEMALE > are finally here !! The FIRST of the entire Jansen clan to EVER make it down , over , or around here to Ne TN ! So for fun we went took them to a midnight showing of Ironman 2 !!! WHAT FUN !! Here for almost 2 wks . We've got mischief to catch up on ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the new and not so ( Mom , I'm talkin ' about you ... ) new mothers out there !!!! I adore and am blessed by the privelage of watching my friends and family as thier own little families begin to grow and take roots . It's amazing and I love how they help fill my heart and remind me once again that I too will have those experiences ( God willing ) one day . :) Blessings and love passed on to you ALL !! 
No more woohooing . I miss woohooing . :( 
The weekend is here ! Yay ! However , somehow it's gotten busier than the week was , by far !! This happens in my so called world . Does it in yours ? 
blank , blah , and bothered . 
For those who know/care ... -92 , almost 100 !! 
Friday , Friday , Friday , Friday , Friday , yeah-uh , FRIDAY ( of course there's music playing along with this in my head) !! Can I get a woot-woot for the WEEKEND ?!?! 
For those who knew him , I had to put < PROPFIRST > (aka < PROPFIRST > -dog , Sir Charles , Greedy of the Needy & Greedy combo , Goober , Buddy , a cat stuck in a dog's body , Chocolate Stealing Fiend , etc . ) to sleep on Tuesday 6/8/2010 . He was not well and really suffering . He didn't even want to eat !! For < PROPFIRST > that had to have been some kind of sin ! So he took his last labored breath with his head in my hands around 6pm . He will be missed . 
Y.O.U. Reunion weekend ! It's exciting to see people that you haven't seen in ages !! 
I'm gonna be an Auntie ! I'm gonna be an Auntie ! Yes , I am !! ( of course with tune playing in my head along with typing this ! ) 
IndiaFoxtrot YankeeOscarUniform CharlieAlphaNovember RomeoEchoAlphaDelta TangoHotelIndiaSierra RomeoEchoPapaOscarSierraTango . 
How come the fun feeling of the weekend can fly by so fast , but Monday and Tuesday take so increadibly long to pass by ?? Scientists say it's the same amount of physical time , but I believe there is some time of space-time warp that occurs that causes the weekend to whip by faster ! That's my theory and I'm sticking to it ! 
is feeling down and silly about it so then frustrated with myself as well ! I have to sell my car that I love and am proud of purchasing by myself ! Somehow it didn't hit me till last night how much I'm going to miss it and that I'm not just letting a friend borrow my car for a while . She'll actually be gone and I'll have no claim to her in any way , shape , or form ! Also , I can't afford to purchase another car right now 
is looking forward to all the birthdays coming up soon ! Granddad's 90th and the birth of my first niece or nephew are at the top of a long list !! 
Cousins\ 
are there as childhood friends , and are there when we are older as\ 
Forever Friends .... No one will ever understand your crazy family like\ 
your cousins ! Repost if you have a cousin that makes you smile .... LOVE\ 
YOU ALL !!!! 
Check out the Downunder World Challenge ! < PROPFIRST > Strugnell , my cousin's brother-in-law has made it to the TOP 3 !! He has an awesome video . If you can take just a few minutes to watch his short video and vote for him , he could win an awesome opportunity to travel the world being a videographer ! What an opportunity at 21 , and with his talent , he could ( literally ) really GO places !! Please vote !! 
Here's hoping my wonderful , beautiful cousin , < PROPFEMALE > , has a splendiferous BIRTHDAY WEEKEND !!!! 
happy I was able to go to a beautiful baby shower that was thrown for my beautiful sister for soon to arrive Baby Copley !! 
I want to share a quote with you all that a friend told me on the phone this evening . \When life gives you scurvy 
Thank you so much to all of our vetrans !! I'm so increadibly thankful for those I know and almost even moreso to those that I don't know and will never have the opportunity to know on this earth . You are all awesome !! 
I am very thankful for the family that I have . We all have our issues ( of course ) , but I'm blessed . I don't know about you , but I want to make sure they know this during this THANKSGIVING season !! Let us all not forget to give thanks . 
Fun quote from a silly movie :\ 
-\Whittier 
Aaaah , the weekend is here . I seem to remember a time when the weekend was a respite that was longed for and the days were counted down until it's arrival . NOW , however , I seem to need Monday ( and sometimes Tuesday ) to recover from the weekend !! How peculiar is that ? 
Thank you all sooo much for all of my wonderful Birthday wishes !! I feel so blessed to have all of you , family and friends alike , who love and care for me ! 
I hope everyone is able to have a nice time with family and friends during this holiday season . I also hope that I get to officially be an Auntie before the New Year !! I'll keep y'all updated . C'mon , you know we'll all keep ya updated !! 
I am officially an Auntie !! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Copley was born @2 : 36am weighing in at 7lbs 13oz and 21 '' long !! I am soooo excited ! 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles to keep our balance when we stand . Women have read this entire text . Men are still looking at their thumbs . Repost if this made you smile ! 
Please make sure to bring yourself and those around you into this New ( < PROPMALE > calendar ) Year safe and sound !! Have fun , party hardy , and assign a DD if drinking at all . I love y'all and I want to see you into , through , and past 2011 !! 
You know when you're so tired that your eyes start crossing and you can't will them to uncross ? I wonder , how is it when you're THAT tired you can still not fall asleep , at least not with any actual resting occuring ?? It's a conundrum , at least to this quasi-insomniac ! 
Well , Mom made it out of surgery with good results thus far-some immediate relief of pain . Since they didn't actually get her into surgery until 5:45 pm she might ( depending on how she feels and is moving ) get out later tonite or tomorrow morning . I'm currently with her at JCMC . Thanks for all of your prayers ! 
Ok peoples . Thank you so much for your prayers ! Mom is home ( Don't worry , not this late/early . She was released a while ago . ) and recovering and already has some wonderful pain relief outside of the expected soreness around the site of her incision . She said , \God is sooo good ... \ " when she was in a room for a bit post-op . I utterly agree !! " 
I had a very blessed Shabbat . Although the body was not exactly willing , the Spirit was greatly nourished , which ( to me ) shows the presence of His hand even moreso !! 
Woot , woot ! Off to Sunday night dinner with Mom , Dad , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , BT , and all together with Granddad at his house ! I'm so blessed to have such a close and ( mostly ) dysfunctionless family around me ! 
I'm tired . Not just physically , but of many things in this life that shouldn't be so hard ; shouldn't be so wearing on a person's soul . Why do we make life so difficult for those around us when it would take so much less energy overall to simply be courteous ? People have forgotten how to be truthful , keep agreements , and not have deceit rampant in their lives ! I , personally , am tired of it ! G'nite . 
I'm glad the weekend is alomst here once again ! I'm done with the tax exempt donation reports BEFORE the 31st of January ( novelty ! ) and after I copy CDs from the Tikkun Institute conference and pop them in the mail tomorrow ( Friday , tomorrow to me as I've not attempted to go to bed yet ) I will be more than ready for Shabbat to be here !! God , of course , was so wise to know we needed a rest from our regular work !!!! 
One of my favorites ( and I felt the necessity to share ): \ 
\Duct tape is like the Force . It has a dark side and a light side and it holds the universe together . \"" 
MY DAD IS THE BEST !!!!!! \ 
If your Dad is a hard working man and is your hero , helped you no matter how bad you are or is just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an ANGEL in Heaven . Paste this to your status and let everyone know . Who's YOUR daddy ???? ***** < PROPMALE > Fiedler ( BRMF )***** is mine ;...-) 
Pet Peeve #oh who knows ?? :\ 
People who call *<PROPFIRST>'s Day * Valentimes Day . Do I call * Saint < PROPFIRST>'s Day * Saint < PROPFEMALE>'s Day or Saint Petri's Day ? -- NO ! ... this coming from a person who doesn't even celebrate the fool holiday !!!! \ 
Aaaaaaah . I feel ( even if it's just a bit ) better now ! 
Shabbat Shalom people ! 
I don't know about y'all , but I'm ready for another weekend to be here already !! What do you say ? Call tomorrow Friday instead of Hump Day ? Who's with me ? 
Courtesy of Edgemont Pres : '' For every Goliath there is a stone . '' I don't know about you , but I find that encouraging . Blessings !! 
I don't know if I have mentioned this lately , so , I love being an Auntie !!!! :) :-D :) 
\ < PROPFEMALE > tales do not tell children that dragons exist . Children already know that dragons exist . < PROPFEMALE > tales tell children that dragons can be killed . \ " \ 
