I gotta make a salad today , but I feel really lazy . Riveting , I know . 

This morning I went grocery shopping and bought a watermelon . Over the course of the day , I have slowly eaten the whole thing . :) 
My Week of Ultimate Laziness is nearly over . I can no longer keep up this level of sloth , regrettably . I'm going to the gym to reduce my ever expanding flesh . :) 
OMG IT'S LATE . 
My girl < PROPFEMALE > is in heat . She will . Not . Shut . UP . 
is thinking a nice veggie pizza sounds really good tonight ! 
realized that ' < PROPFEMALE > commented on her own status ' a lot today . I'm feeling totally self-centered , lol . 
mmm . Does it get any better than a fresh , home made salad drizzled with < PROPFEMALE > oil and spices , topped with cajun-flavored shrimp , and served with a glass of Pinot Noir ? I SUBMIT THAT IT DOES NOT . 
thinks it's really freaky that that \Tattoo Your Spouse's Name\ " app knows my husband's name . * looks around suspiciously * " 
stayed up late reading old stories I wrote in high school . Good lord ... I remember thinking how great they were . :S 
wants you to know she's lost 10 pounds since 7/29 , in her ongoing attempt to be more socially acceptable . 
is DYING to see 9 in theaters this weekend !! Who wants to go with me and GEEK OUT ?!?! 
is going to the theater tomorrow night , whoo hoo ! I got me a sitter and < PROPFIRST>'s away , so it's: burning new music then a walk/jog at Mine Falls followed by geekery . And possibly booze . 
Man , what crappy weather . No Mine Falls today . Gonna juice up the iPod and hit the gym . 
feels good ! After being sick last week it's nice to get back to normal ... whatever that might be for me . :D 
hates her glasses with the fires of a thousand suns . I lost my right contact lens forever !! RIP contacts , you served me well for 9 years . 
is convinced that all eye doctors are freakin ' weirdos . 
back to the grind ... and eagerly awaiting my new glasses and contact lenses to come in !! 
Today is < PROPFIRST>'s 5th birthday ! PARTAY TONIGHT !! .. Just kidding , party this weekend . :) 
just want you to know she is NOT a \secretary\ " . NO MA'AM . NOT A SECRETARY . " 
has got some heavy stuff to think about . Heavy , heavy stuff .... 
is realizing the microwave sweet potato I brought for lunch today is turning out to be more work than I thought ... 
has entered a topsy-turvy Twilight Zone where down is up , left is right , and people walk on their hands instead of their feet . 
is back from Newport . I has funny pictures . 
is hacking up a lung today . Maybe both ... 
Okay , one of my recurring bad dreams is being in my car and having it shit the bed in various ways . The dreams are so realistic that it's getting to the point that when I hear an odd noise in my car I can't be sure if I've heard it before or if I was only dreaming it ! GRAH . 
is annoying her coworkers with her persistant cough . Heh heh >:) 
feels like crap . I'm really hoping this cough isn't something serious ... Anybody else had a really deep , painful cough that wakes you up all night ? 
... and that's about all I can take . Back to the couch with me . Bleeehh . 
So many mountains of paperwork involved in buying a house ...! 
wishes the heat in her office worked today . Brrrrrrr . 
wonders why her profile pics aren't working ?? Anyone else had this problem ? 
Ramen noodles for dinner , < PROPFIRST > ! ... Best Mom EVAR 
NOTE TO SELF : Never get the delicious spearmint cough drops . Get the gross ones . 
< PROPFIRST > just asked me if any \zombies\ " will come . I didn't even think he knew about zombies . " 
Well , it's official , I have bronchitis . Saw the docs , got the antibiotics . Now I hope this damned cough goes away . 
slept all morning and is enjoying extra-strong coffee . :) 
OH MY GOD , < PROPFIRST > had a TICK burrowed in his eyelashes !! Give it up for him , he was VERY brave while I yanked it out with tweezer !! :O 
So Manch has trick or treating today during the day . That is wrong , WRONG I SAY ! But , then again , free < PROPFEMALE > . 
No coffee makes Jenn a sad panda ... 
was called a \liberal twat\ " today ... and it felt GREAT . :) " 
I'm curling up tonight to watch the South Park Halloween episode marathon . yay ! 
\I want so badly to believe that there is truth and love is real ... and I want life in every word to the extent that it's absurd ... \"" 
waiting for a callback from my crappy doctor . Man , this totally blows . Cough still here , and today I feel worse than I've felt all week . 
Dear Dr. Stone : Even though in July you called me fat , and I'm still unsure whether or not to forgive you , I am grateful to you for prescribing the two medicines that have finally made me feel better than I have in three weeks . :) 
trick or treating followed by party tonight ! Woo ! 
Sometimes , I wish I had my very own live-in bartender . I could learn how to make drinks with the liquor in my cabinet , but it would taste so much better if made by my very own bar tender ! Faster , too . 
I'm wearing snowflake pajama bottoms under my skirt , drinking strong coffee and smoking a cigar . IT'S SEXY TIME ! 
Yesterday , I got the biggest surprise ever . My hamster , < PROPFEMALE > , HAD BABIES !! pictures coming soon .... 
hardly got any sleep last night , but feels a bit better this morning . Hopefully I won't find any more little baby hamster corpses this evening . :( :( :( 
Thankful : for the smiles , the jokes , the arguments , the child's loveable OCD , the filthy animals , the sincere sentiments , the intellectual and the silly , the gallons of coffee , the love triangles with happy endings , the crazy fandoms , the music , the love , teh internet , my friends both meat and ether , my enemies to sharpen my wit , my pens and paper , and every second I'm breathing the air and just feeling ALIVE . 
wants a Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm-Flailing Tube Man . 
could probably eat a whole bag of Snap Pea Crisps . They are my new favorite thing !! 
Even though we weren't related by blood , you were sort of everyone's < PROPFEMALE > . You will be missed and in my thoughts today ... 
I have a leftover chicken carcass I want to boil for soup . Can anyone help this domestically-challenged woman ? How do you do it ? Just stick it in a pot and fire it up ? 
We're moving back to Manch . Sunday the 27th is moving day . Anyone want 50 bucks and free pizza to help us move ?? Dibs to family . 
I am .... really , really sore today . 
Just so everyone knows , I don't have internet at my new house yet . They are coming to hook it up on < PROPFIRST > 4 . So it'll be quiet around here . I can only pop in at work , but only for a sec . See everyone next week ! Happy New Year !! 
Maroon 
I'll jump on the bandwagon , because my ego needs stroking . ;) Post one word that describes how you think of me . Remember to disturb and shock me wherever possible . 
I hate it when I log on and have like , 12 Notifications . ... But they are all for quizzes . :( 
finally saw Avatar last night ............ hmmm . 
Doppleganger week on FB -- change your profile pic to a famous look-a-like . Mine's < PROPFIRST > from < PROPMALE > ! 
Anyone else here have kids who like < PROPMALE > 10 : Alien Force ? That shit is so bad , it's good ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I have been together , like , forever . Since 1996 . HOLY CRAP , that's 14 years ! 
ugh . Remember how I thought I might miss this frickin ' PLAGUE that everyone around my succumbed to ? Ha ! Guess it was bound to be my turn sooner or later . 
When in doubt , just remember : Not everything is All About You . Just sayin ' . 
10 Days . 
9 Days . 
7 days . 
opps ! I forgot yesterday ! Anyway , 3 Days !!! 
2 Days ! 
One Day !! 
Starting today , I am a full time artist ! Yes , I am done my day job and will soon have links to my work . Stay tuned ! I am creating a portfolio for submission .... 
I just found a 3-leaf clover in my baby spinach salad ! Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day , everyone ! :) 
Is rather surprised to find that McDonald's lattes are complete and utter ASS . 
My fortune cookie says \The < PROPFEMALE > of riches in ( sic ) shining on you . \ " I can't feel very confident about that typo ... " 
They now have a PRESCRIPTION available to grow eyelashes fuller and thicker . Bwahahahaha !!! 
My computer got attacked by a nasty virus ! Probably the worst one I've ever seen . Thank goodness I was able to clean it out and not lose anything ! WHEW . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! Made my day . :) 
\Pants are an illusion . So is death . \"" 
Going hamster-wheeling . 
I love you , < PROPMALE > Imahara . That is all . ;) 
Eccchh ... why doesn't it just RAIN already ?! 
Your basic level of human decency can be measured by how much berth and consideration you give me while I'm on a bike and you're in a car . 
It's the kind of hot day where you walk outside and you FEEL your own 98.6 degrees and realize your internal temp is a lot cooler than the oven you're walking through . 
Out drinkin dirty martinis and smokin da hookah ! With < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , Corbin , mah biatch < PROPFEMALE > , and pal < PROPMALE > up from shitty Californ-eye-a ! HOOKAH ! 
: New blog post : Testing 1 2 3 - http://www.jejunecomic.com/2010/07/13/testing-1-2-3/ 
Facebook's like a ghost town . At home on a Saturday night with nothing to do and no way to do it anyway .... sigh . 
We're doing what we have to do . 
had this urge to clean my floors with bleach . Fact : cleaning your floors with bleach makes your house smell like a swimming pool . 
I'm bored . Going to toodle around town . Bored bored bored . 
What the crap is up with Facebook today ? Chat's borked , everyone's pics are red \x\ " s ..... the crap ??? " 
To mother in public I just saw : frickin ' stop whiiiiining at your kid ! I know he's behaving like a little turd , but try to have some parental dignity , for < PROPMALE>'s sake . 
eating a locally grown , fresh , delicious piece of cantaloupe . I didn't even know they could grow in NH . Mmmmmm . 
There was nothing so disconcerting for me than casually glancing down during a bike ride and seeing the HUGE spider there , just chillin ' on my arm . How long was it there ?!? 
I'm going to give all my teenage girl or not-quite-teenage girl friends on FB some auntly advice regarding society's expectations and attractiveness standards for teen girls : FUCK THAT SHIT . Seriously . 
was up really early today ! The lazy days of summer are coming to an end . Gotta train myself to get up bright and early as < PROPFIRST > starts school in a little over 2 weeks . First grade yay ! School shopping today ... 
I am PSYCHED for < PROPFIRST>'s first day of school ! I've finished school shopping and he goes on the bus the morning of Sept . 2 . So exciting ! I'll take pics . 
Short hair is easier to maintain and style , but man , it's 1000% times easier to screw up , too . 
Heading out for a long road trip today . Just me and < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
back from New Jersey ! An absolutely WONDERFUL trip with my son , he's such a delight to travel with . BUT , am glad to be home . 
so while I was taking a shower there was this giant spider just a-sittin ' on the shower curtain about head-level . So I'm backed into the corner of my shower trying to wash normally and avoid it shimmying down towards my naked , bite-able skin , alternately blowing on it to encourage it to take its disgusting self elsewhere . 
Welp , another weekend alone . Looks like it's time for more unfettered artistic awesomeness !!! 
finds it ironic that any cigarette company would have the slogan \Experience the Freedom ! \ " Isn't a smoking addiction kind of the antithesis of freedom ?? " 
ah , acorn squash , truly you were a worthy adversary , but in the end you were no match for my knife and mighty biceps . 
fighting a migraine . Sometimes , I hate my brain . 
working on a ( digital ) painting ... painting is my weakest link . But I guess the only way to get better at it is to do it .... sigh . I'll post it here when I'm done . 
is looking at a disgusting ad on my profile sidebar . It looks like a banana sandwich made with chocolate-frosted Pop-Tarts . Bluuuuuuagh . 
HAPPY 6th BIRTHDAY to my little guy , < PROPFIRST > ! He's growing into such a great kid and we couldn't be more proud of him . :) 
After years of just seeing snippets here and there , I finally watched all of \Super Size Me\ " last night . Let's just say that I am now ever more committed to my workout routine and healthful eating now . :/ Off to the gym ! " 
Jenn's Rule of Life #1 : Pay attention to what people DO , not what they SAY . 
Man , Back To The Future never gets old ! 
Warning ! Attempting crock-pot cookery ! It's cooking right now and somehow it didn't burst into flames AND/OR set the house on fire !!! Finally gonna make that split pea soup . At least I have another bag of split peas in case I bork it up royally . A possibility . 
This might be inappropriate , but the IUD is kind of like the Crock-Pot of contraceptives : Set it and Forget it ! Durr hurr hurr . 
Why do some people friend you only to unfriend you like a day later ? I don't get it . 
We had our first Dog Park experience . It was awesome ! Dog got good exercise and had fun ! 
I wanna play a REALLY good RPG besides Final Fantasy . I have a Playstation 2 . Does anyone have any recommendations ? 
I know I need a haircut when I start looking like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > from Little House on the Prairie . 
It's hard to get work done with this dog around ! How do you people with more than one dog ever get anything done ? Of course , I feel the same way about people with lots of kids . How do you do it ?? 
yuck . Last time I ever get the tangerines at the grocery store . Not only are they really bland and mushy , but each slice is bristling with seeds . 
Dude , sorry for staring at you and making you uncomfortable . I do that sometimes and am really trying to stop .... would you believe that I was studying your facial structure for artistic purposes ? 
ARRGH my dog de-strung my blue < PROPFEMALE > necklace . She didn't chew anything up , it's just ... completely disassembled ! WTF ?? 
Who wants to see Megamind with me ??? 
Damn it , Facebook , the whole world doesn't need to know every minute change I make to my profile , ' < PROPFEMALE > ? 
is annoyed by those aggressive cosmetic/beauty product kiosk salespeople all over the mall who try to accost me . Do I LOOK like I am interested in conforming to your bullshit beauty standards ?? 
Hmm , dinner ... dinner ... what to have for dinner .... I KNOW ! How about Lower Life Forms ? 
Today driving home I saw a license plate : NIKLBAK . Somewhere , at that exact moment , my brother sheds a single anguished tear . 
So I think this cold that has completely kicked my ass this week is finally going away .... ugh . 
Got my teeth cleaned today . OMG THEY ARE SO WHITE NOW . Also , got two fillings . That was less awesome . 
I might offend some of my nerdier friends , but man , anime is such bullshit lately . I can't believe I used to love it so much . 
COUGH , you better not come back ! I WILL PUNCH YOU in the VIRUS . 
My doggie is sick . :( 
During the past few days , I've found that the threat of impromtu , uncontrollable dog diarrhea works as a fantastic motivator for me . 
hey all you kids ... stop falling for all those chain emails and app requests from questionable sources ! you're gonna infect your computers with a nasty virus if you keep that up . 
So < PROPFIRST>'s sick ... John's sick ... Richard downstairs is sick ... hope I don't get cooties !! 
So I ended up getting sick ... bleah . Was down with a fever yesterday , but today am doing much better . :) 
ugh , ANOTHER snow day . Between snow days and < PROPFIRST>'s illness , he hasn't been to school in almost a week ! I'm ready for things to get back to normal now . 
I never thought I'd say this , but I am sick and tired of wearing layers of shirts and sweatshirts and blankets , no matter now comfy they are . 
You know what I hate ? The fact that when someone takes my picture and I * think * I'm smiling , but when I see the pic I am actually doing some sort of weird tight-lipped smirk . 
I'll be drawing like mad today ! 
is discouraged . Pretty much the only responses to my job-hunting efforts has been douchebag scam offers ! Like I can't tell . >:( 
gotta love the people who just unabashedly mine their noses while driving . That guy was looking right at me at the intersection , just diggin ' away . 
One thing they don't tell you about parenting is that you're basically signing up to be complained to about everything for 18+ years . 
