Happy 2010 ! 

Has heat in her car now !! YAY ! 
To work or not to work , that is the question ... 
Loves Halo . 
Loves Bungie . How they make thee happy . 
Dooodeeedooooo 
Mean robots suck . 
Him and I could write a Bad Romance . 
Happy Holidays ! 
Is angry and hates mother nature ! 
Is making use of her new < PROPFEMALE > Crocker . I just planned two weeks of dinners !! Thanks < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Brought the new year in with < PROPMALE > Bridges . And by that I mean I we went to Tron Legacy .... again . 
Hates the world somedays , today is one of those days . 
SquareEnix , if you go through with this , you can shove it in your PS3 . 
Dark and Light Teal 
That was awesome , and just what I needed . 
now has windows 7 . And the marathon was awesome fun . 
I'm on a boat , I'm on a motherf*ckin boat ! 
Yay new contacts ! 
Loves The Lonely Island . There my bros . 
Last night was awesome fun ! 
has no idea what to do with herself . 
is sad . I'm going to miss that guy . 
is sleepy 
found a work shirt YAY ! 
Is strangely tired .... 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comment . 
Feels like crap . 
WaaaaaaaaaaaaWooooooEeeeee 
Is off to watch Red VS Blue YAY !! 
Rice is awesome ! 
Is going to COLORADO !!! 
Why is everyones birthday tonight ?! 
Is super sick . Great 
really hates sickness . 
Thanks for all the well wishes , I'm feeling a < PROPMALE > better . YAY 
Jewelry party tonight woo !! 
Thinks she has no idea what to think . Ideas ? 
Yay * dances * 
I cannot wait til Tuesday . After all this time , it will finally be MINE !!! 
Creativity where have you gone ? I have the mind for it , just not the drive .... * sighs * 
Is super excited for midnight .... and no sleep tonight ! Here I come FF13 ! 
Sony I want to know how you feel after tonight when half the world is playing Final Fantasy 13 on their Xbox . Just curious . 
Is loving Final Fantasy . 
Is playing parents with < PROPFIRST > for the night . Hopefully the kids will learn nothing from us LOL 
< PROPFIRST > Johns here we come !! 
Has the greatest Boyfriend ever . 
Had a fun night out . 
Has gone 6 months without smoking . 
HeartGold I hate you for dragging me back to the world of Pokemon . or do I hate < PROPFIRST > for giving me HeartGold ... 
Wooo has a day off !! 
Halo and Lady Gaga = The best break ever 
Is sad , Lady Gaga has already sold out for her show in KC . 
Went for a walk with Sienna and I feel awesome ! 
And you thought I'd go down that easy ? Little girl you have some lessons to learn ! 
Just wants to find a bike for < PROPFIRST > ! 
Bleh ......... 
is happy to be eating mashed potatoes . 
For a change went out last night . 
Is maybe sleepy . 
Is lovin ' the Kick-Ass soundtrack 
Is off to kill the Horde . 
Is catching up on Brothers and Sisters . I love that show . 
Loves lightning !! 
In less than 24 hours I will be playing Halo : Reach beta YAYAYAYAYAYAYAY !!!!! 
Is waiting for the Halo : Reach Beta to download . It cannot download fast enough . 
Yeah its worth playing one game then waiting for an hour or more . Too bad < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > don't agree with me ... 
Does anyone know someone who wants a < PROPFEMALE > ? Shes super cute , and really nice ! I need a home for her because Im allergic to her , Let me know !! 
is seeing Iron Man 2 , without her dad . Not awesome 
< PROPFIRST > that was a great use for Captain < PROPFEMALE>'s shield . < PROPMALE > will hate you . 
Is scared of Mikes new monitor . It makes me feel small ... 
Yay Day Off !! 
Don't let them know that their < PROPFEMALE>'s ended . 
really hates being sick . Blahhh 
Yay sunday ! 
In the hospital with mom . 
Is embarking on the thoughest fight of her life . 
R . I . P Car , you suck 
Just saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > . Maybe things will take a turn for the better . 
Why ? 
Might go to bed , I had a long day and it sounds fun ! 
Blah blah sleepy time 
My car might yet Live !!! 
Yay my car lives !! Thanks < PROPMALE > and my Dad !! 
Just wants to watch Microsofts E3 conference !!! 
Loves Muse 
Woo hahhahah ! 
The new A-Team = Awesome 
off to the gym , then the pool ! 
Way to go < PROPMALE > !! Hell yea USA ! 
just finished giving Jezebel her bath and discovered that ' she ' is actually ' he ' 4 years later .... 
Loves her new phone 
Needs to find boxes . 
My phone just synced the world together . Oh shit . 
Hates getting sick 
Does not like the heat . Eww 
Had a night out with the mustache crew . Pictures will follow at a later time . 
Blah to life 
Happy July Fourth !! 
Is packing , if anyone wants to join just let me know ! ~ ! 
Oak Lake was awesome , even though we got eaten alive . 
Is hoping to be moved in before her birthday . 
Loves < PROPFEMALE > vanilla diet Pepsi 
Really misses herself . If you find me somewhere let me know .... Ive been lost it seems for a while . 
Toilet paper wedding dresses = awesome 
Good Job Spain ! 
Is soooo tired 
Just saved Sienna from a killer wasp thing . It was HUGE . 
Blah you . 
Is super addicted to Red Dead Redemption . 
Close to half way through Mexico . It's awesome . 
All I want for my birthday is Gamestop giftcards !! 
Cleaned up the new house . O can't wait to move in . 
Has decided she hates moving . 
Were almost there ... 
Shares a birthday with < PROPFIRST > Smith . I love him . 
Anyone want to help us finish moving tonight ? 
Is moved . Thank god , now just to unpack it all ... 
If your cool enough to steal someones birthday present , then yea your cool enough to go to hell . 
Birthday property found , your lucky this time . 
Is so happy she got to see Uncle < PROPMALE > !! 
And the power goes out . WTF . 
And the power is back ... 
Is off to watch more True Blood . 
Gaga and Manson should for sure do more shit together . 
Even after making a town a ghost town < PROPFIRST > can't can't get the US marshals on him . 
Must watch new episode of true blood ...... 
This car fiasco needs to be over with . 
Is tired of everyone failing her . It's time to trust no one . 
Really wants someone to go shopping with . 
Why would a gas station not ne open 24 hours . I just really wanted a smoke 
So Heres the deal , Its the Zombie Apocolypse and you get to choose the following :\ 
One Weapon\ 
One Person ( can be anime , Celebrity ect . )\ 
One Musical artist to listen too for the rest of days\ 
\ 
What do you choose ?? 
Two days til ' vacay'!! 
Congrats to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . Thanks for letting me be a part in your special journey !! 
Is super exhausted . 
Doesn't wanna go back to work .... bleh ... 
Yea that just happened ... 
Mmmm potstickers . 
Mmmm potstickers ... 
Is stoaked to see Apocolyptica tonight ! 
If it makes you feel better , I'm having s horrid day . 
Half way through the day ... thank god ! 
A latte , sugar cookie and Buddha , that makes for a good night . 
Has been smoke free for 1 year . 
11 More hours people !!!! 
First in line bitches , that's how I roll . 
Halo : reach , I just want to let you know I love you . And yea you too xbox . 
Is going to eat dinner . 
Oh Silent Hill . 
Has started making her Christmas list . I want to be prepared . 
Heading to the hospital for moms surgery . Wish us luck ! 
Is ready for bed . I love my snuggle bear , he makes sleepy time so much better . 
I am never again joking about working on a Sunday . WTF 
I love owls . 
Is going to be Batman for Halloween . 
Martinez I love you !! Go skers ! 
Loves it when she finds super sweet stuff her phone can do after 6 months . 
Breakfast time !! 
I don't even know what is happening anymore .... Chris sounds like a woman and < PROPFIRST > has a british accent .... No drugs or liquor are involved . 
Off to Omaha ! 
Is wearing a belt she hasn't fit into Scince < PROPFIRST > and her started dating . Fuck yea ! 
Has new boots ! 
Today sucks . 
Saw paranormal activity last night . I have decided it was a bad idea . The mail man came and put mail in the box , the dogs start barking , and my first reaction is to run into the bedroom screaming . The mail man then knocked on the open door and asked if I was ok . Try explaining to someone you thought they were a scary demon thing here to haunt you . 
Is ready for boo at the zoo !! 
Boo at the zoo was awesome !! 
bleh 
Keep walking bitch , 3 years ago I would have beat the hell out of you . You thank god I've grown up , and I have a white knight . 
That is Nebraska football my friends . Fuck Yea ! 
Pink Eye Sucks . 
Dad you need to move back , I can't get my car fixed without you ! 
Is making vegetable chowder . Tummy ! 
Snow I just wanted to tell you .. Go fuck yourself ! 
Shopping makes a girl feel better 
Does not like sickness . 
Beer and football . Yup its Sunday 
Is at the hospital with mom 
Modern family with < PROPFIRST > . Awesome 
Goodnight world . 
Got a Nook for Christmas , I have the greatest boyfriend ever !!! 
Is bleh today 
Comic World you will be missed . Thanks for all great times ! 
Is making cookies . 
It's amazing what people ruin without noticing . Pups and I are making bad add cookies though . 
Now I get why I never eat breakfast . It requires you to wake up early 
Cannot get Tron Legacy out of her head . It pry doesn't help that I cannot stop listening to the Soundtrack . I love you Daft Punk . 
Alright Kinect , lets go work out . 
IS going to clean and workout , sounds fun right ? 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's no fun ! 
Sometimes great news breaks your heart . 
Castle time is the best time !! 
was saddened to realize she has been on facebook for at least 5 years . WTF 
G'night world . 
Sorry kids but I'm always going to be a < PROPFIRST > . You can shove your new sign crap . 
89.7 is always good for a flashback . Oh bloodhound gang . 
Got a face upgrade . 
Mmmmm ... peach and pineapple chipotle salsa is awesome . 
Is addicted again to LA Ink . 
Pooooo . 
Florida you and I have a date in two weeks , hope your ready ! 
Just made an awesome playlist . 
Oh Itunes . 
Loves white trash at Walmart . They think there so classy . 
4 am therapeutic Halo is the best kind of Halo 
Funny story I get a silver commendation for leadership skills on Halo , yet no one on my team thinks I know what I'm doing . Rage Quit . 
Is counting down til Vacay Time ! 
Is worried that Sienna is sick .... 
In Topeka . 
Is making a return trip , through Kingdom City . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Wickwire better wish me luck . 
Passing through Evansville Indiana 
Stopping in Wichester , KY for the night . 
Snowing in < PROPFIRST > Boone National < PROPMALE > . 
85 more < PROPMALE > til High Pointe NC . 
Is ready for this drive to be over 
Only in South < PROPFEMALE > can you drive by two Nascar drivers pulled over by state patrol . Who wants to wager it was for speeding . 
In Florida baby !! 
Finally I'm < PROPMALE > 
First full day in Florida and it rains ... 
Oh wait its going to be rainy til Sunday ... guess what day I leave ? 
Just saw the ocean . Wow . 
Is at the Kennedy Space Center . 
Is eating space food . 
Is coming home early , ill be in < PROPMALE > by about 6 . 
Just landed in Omaha . Flying gives me anxeity . 
You can thank me later from coming home with the nice florida weather . 
It's a trap ! 
Jez is dying . 
I think Jez is dying . 
Jez passed away this morning . 
Wants to fall in love with a vampire . They get to have the best romances . 
I am not ready for this . 
IS exhausated . 
Karaoke tonight at Applebee's , 9'o clock . Come See me !! 
Go to your profile . The first 5 friends in the sidebar are your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? I got < PROPFEMALE > Woodcook , Wilhelm Stillwell-Edler , < PROPFEMALE > Davenport Roark Hopper , < PROPFEMALE > Johnelle Focht and < PROPFIRST > Wright . I'm not screwed at all . Zombie bitches here we come ! 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
< PROPMALE > , why do you have to be the best . 
So angry !! 
Applebees 8 o'clock karaoke , be there !!! 
Don't forget karaoke tonight at Applebees , starting at 8 ! Happy hour is 9 to close . 
I cut my hair . 
Just watched Tangled . YAYAYAYAYAY ! 
I think I live with 13 year old boys . 
Got caught saying she lives with 13 year old boys . Damn 
Don't always believe what you hear . I liked you until you tried to Fuck me over , too bad I'm better than that . Just sayin 
Is downtown 
Taking a day off I'd nerding . Headed downtown . But I am sad to miss @joshhillers bday party ! 
My phone re-set itself AGAIN . So if you want me to ever talk to you please text me your number with name . thanks . 
Wants to go to Open Harvest , Who's with me ?! 
Gears of War is releasing there 4th book for the series on my birthday , best present ever ! Thanks Cliffy B , maybe we can be friends again . 
Out at the dog run 
Karaoke tonight at the < PROPFEMALE>'s , 8 O'Clock!! Come see me ! 
I am freaked out and i have a macheti . ( sp ? ) 
@therealcliffyb I would for sure love to take a beta code off your hands ... \ 
#gearsbeta 
Really wants a cigarette . Seriously 
BLAHHHH 
Karaoke tonight at Applebees old cheney ! 8pm , come see me ! 
Is not really tired . But I am addicted to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s new song . I need help . 
Mortal Kombat time , who's with me ?! 
I wanna love you , \ 
But something's pulling me away from you 
Loves Sephora . When did I become so girly ? 
Just wrote for like 25 minuets on Tumblr , then deleted it all . 
Loves her < PROPFEMALE > palette from Kat < PROPMALE > D !! 
Is sad about her palatte , it got shattered all over the floor . 
It just hit me that I will be going to Thor without Dad . I'm never going to make it through Captain < PROPFEMALE > . 
Was at first Jealous of the fact that < PROPFIRST > T Wright's birthday was on < PROPFEMALE > Wars Day . Then I realized its just one more affirmation to us dating . I mean my boyfriends birthday is on < PROPFEMALE > WARS DAY !!!! May the Fourth be with all you bitches !! 
Thor was awesome !! 
RT @God_Damn_Batman I don't have a kryptonite . But if I did it would be coconut . Hate that crap . 
Karaoke tonight at 8 ! See you at applebees old cheney !! 
Come on lightning , don't fail me tonight . By thr way come see me for karaoke !! 
Three years and counting !! 
Helped save someone's life tonight . 
VS . Please stop mocking me with Tampas game last night . Thanks 
Wil : how can you not the Aragorn grunge of badassery . Me : I like pretty boys . 
The tragedy that was Magneto and < PROPMALE>'s friendship was epic . You should all see First Class . 
Covo between my uncle and Mike : remember when they had paper on ice cream cones ? \ 
Mike : Yea mine had one\ 
Ricky : Oh , I might have eaten it then ... 
What an early morning ... 
Fuck you intetwebs ! You have destroyed my week !! 
Swimming time ! 
had some quality girl time . I painted my nails while watching Mortal Kombat : Legacy 
Loves Lady Gaga's new video . It's so ... Normal 
Going to the Dog run for Sienna's Birthday !! 
Cannot handle the humane society . 
Is learning to play guitar thanks to < PROPMALE > Horch Hillers 
Have some control over your squirting . - < PROPMALE > 
Night peep . 
Hanging at the dialysis picnic with mom . 
Karaoke tonight at old cheney , come see me at 8 !! 
One hour til me and Optimus Prime party down ! 
Screw this life and the next . 
Oak lake was pretty awesome tonight . Glad mom got to see it ! 
http://bit.ly/nMSpYz ( If Darth Vader Had Hair ... and a Hair-Dryer - Gizmodo)\ 
I NEED this . 
Sleepy .... 
Feels alright today . 
Making dinner , yay ! 
So bungie decided to give me a birthday present . August 2nd is the official hand off of the rights to Halo from Bungie to Microsoft . F that 
Is tired of feeling like this . 
Is suuuuper BORED . 
Why is True Blood so freaking awesome !! 
Feels slightly sad that she won't be at < PROPMALE > potter tonight . I feel like I'm betraying a part of my childhood . Not to mention my Slytherin uniform is glaring at me from my closet . 
Had a great freaking day at the lake . Thanks to all who came out . < PROPMALE > Hillers thanks for making Sienna dooty booty a reality . 
Boarded my plane , so radio silence til < PROPMALE > 
Just landed and man is the < PROPMALE > Mountain range gorgeous 
Just finished at Devils Tower , now heading back to Gilette to start our loooooong work day . 
Best night ever . I freaking love WY . 
Gilette WY is trying to keep me forever . 
On the plus side I get to see the beautiful WY countryside . 
Has boarded the plane home . I'll see you punks in a few hours ! 
Ok I've been in Omaha for 10 minutes and I'm ready to go back to no humidity . 
Is sooooo sleepy . Stupid traveling 
Has said her final fairwell to < PROPMALE > Potter . 
Never pull out . 
Off to party !! 
This storm is badass !! 
Loves < PROPFIRST > T Wright . 
Is soooooo tired . 
Would you like fruit ? No ill take blueberry - Wil 
I really want a nap . 
Has landed in < PROPMALE > ! 
Wants to be at #halofest 
Whisky river your not ready for Nebraska girls . Sincerely J 
Watching < PROPMALE > Cook with smarci ! 
Is enjoying her wine tour ! 
The Grand Mesa was phenomenal ! 
Headed to < PROPMALE > to catch my flight ! 
I am going to miss the view here . 
It always breaks my heart to sat goodbye to the rockies . 
Karaoke tonight at the Old Cheney Applebees ! Come see me ! 
There is a squirrel party going on in the tree in front of our house . 
Has a weekend off with no idea what to do with herself . 
10 years ago I was home from school and watching tv when the planes hit . I remember being terrified yet glued to the tv . #wherewereyou 
What's up Kansas City ! 
Alright so were lost at the Missouri ocean , I mean river . 
@therealcliffyb12 : 04 and we have gears !! 
It's hard to explain to someone who has no clue . It's a daily struggle being in pain or feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( PTSD , Anxiety , Bipolar , Depression , Diabetes , LUPUS , Fibromyalgia , MS , ME , Arthritis/Lupus , Cancer , Heart Disease , Epilepsy , Autism , M.D. etc . ) \ Never judge what you don't know or feel \"" 
Two important things have happened this week . I almost hit < PROPMALE > Pelini with my car , and then ate dinner and had < PROPMALE > mean mug me the whole time 
Less than 12 hours til I'm on the road . 
Going to Estes Park and the < PROPMALE > Hotel !!! 
Is at the < PROPMALE > Hotel !!!! 
A blizzard is just what I asked for . Not . 
I hide on obscure building , you've probably never seen them . Like the Capitol . - < PROPFEMALE > Batman 
Is super excited for MW3 . 
In line for MW3 . Too many bros to count ! 
This christmas music crap needs to stop . 
I listen to Kanye for Daft Punk . 
