or today ... 

i am moving out of my house this Sunday and leaving to < PROPMALE > to live with my sister bye P.S. too late to ride my horses 
my sister is getting married 
is very happy because 3 things happened today 1 : i have a job that pays $18 per hour and i chose my hours 2 : i went to a comic book store and was very sad because i cant waste money on comic books 3 : my sisters parrot went crazy and tried to attack my toes 
lost the key to his bike and house and spent 2 hours looking for the keys then he spent 1 1/2 hours trying to saw through the dumb lock on my bike 
ate about 5 plates of Asian food today and is very very happy 
is very sad because he worked so hard that he made his boss broke , and now he has no job for the past week 
just got peed on by a turtle 
is getting angry his mouse is jacked up 
is very proud of himself because he just finished watching every episode of Dragonball and Dragonballz , and is now going to watch Dragon ballGT ! 
IS SO HAPPY BECAUSE HE FINNALY WATCHED EVERY EPISODE OF THE DRAGONBALL SERIES : DRAGONBALL , DRAGONBALL Z , and DRAGONBALL GT 
test ? 
must pack because he has to move to bakersfield 
Isnt going to work today ... again 
likes sunday 
just did the coolest thing on an elevator . when the elevator was about to come to a stop i jumped up and so due to the law of inertia i kept going up while the elevator stopped ... so i smashed my head in on the roof . no damages were done 
is hungry 
thats why i download my stuff illegaly 
decided insted of trick or teating this year got $30 worth of < PROPFEMALE > and is way happy 
is spentding his weekend at fresno with his sister 
IS ABOUT TO BE ON A < PROPMALE > BOARD !!! 
IS ABOUT TO BE ON A < PROPMALE > BOARD !!! Look at my profile pic 
found it difficult to sleep with a child screaming in his ear to wake up 
needs to find someone to play tennis with in bellflower 
got dog snot and slobber all over his shinny pink tie 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wants someone to play tennis with him 
went to jail yesterday 
is kinda bored 
just did the most amazing hting in the world he successfuly made a Bot for League of legends 
thinks his brother , < PROPFIRST > , is the coolest person in the world ! 
thinks his brother , < PROPFIRST > , is not the coolest person in the world ! for getting on my facebook 
got his mission call and found out he is going to the manaus mission in Brazil . on june 30th wich kinda sucks becuase u wont leave for 4 months 
got stuck on the freeway because he was driving a junkmobile also know as a 1969 ford galaxy 
is now learning not one not two but three count it three laguages . Portuguese JavaScript and php . sure two of them are computer languages they are still laguages 
is the supreme overlord of programming because he made a moveing picture in a picture with other pictures under it . although you probably wont understand that . 
loves utah and loves general confrence 
just drank coca-cola ... FROM A GLASS BOTTLE 
blogging : never before have so many people with so little to say said so much to so few 
thinks if you are his friend you should google \lord < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > thompson\ " in quotes and be amazed " 
realized its hard to learn from your mistakes if you fogot what the mistake is 
left his phone in LA 
