anyone want to play poker ? 

now you want to try a life of sin 
can't stand how everyone changed their status to something stupid about the VMAs . Who actually cares ? I sure as hell don't . 
hates < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and the Patriots . 
I'm not the way you think I am . 
wants to jam . 
who wants to go see Paramore with me next month at Merriweather ? 
is off to JMU after classes end . Dukes ! Dukes ! Dukes ! 
bad day for football . Hopefully baseball will be better . Lets go Twins . 
wishes it was December already 
hates the yankees . 
happy new year everyone ! if you are trying to have some fun out in owings mills hit me up . 
have you ever thought just maybe you belong with me ? 
I make them good girls go bad 
no class tomorrow ! 
yeah , the money is the motive 
feed your head . 
lets go butler 
I'm feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine 
you've got to trust your instinct and let go of regret 
wants to go on an awesome vacation this summer . perhaps somewhere out of the country . any ideas ? 
loves entourage 
let's start a riot me and you , cause a riot's overdue 
ghanando :( 
let's get it bigger and wider , i'm the mega collider 
baby I'm a troublemaker 
wants something to do . 
your sex is on fire . 
my gun and money don't split call that shit siamese 
girl please excuse me if I'm misbehaving , oh I'm trying to keep my hands off but you're begging me for more 
I hope the air will serve to remind you that my heart is as cold as the clouds of your breath and my words are as timed as the beating in my chest . 
it's so much better when everyone is in , are you in ? 
phuck filly 
Lets go Rangers ! You too , Giants . 
si te pica es mi culebrita 
southbound and down to Harrisonburg ! JMU here we come . 
put it down on me 
We say what we feel , then we stop ourselves , and just walk away . 
I want to love . I want to feel . Find peace . Find the real . 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
First complete semester of grad school : check . One down four to go . 
Who dat ? The Ravens , bitches . 
does anyone know of a website that I watch tv shows for free ? I need to catch up on season three of Sons . 
look what you did to me and my wisdom teeth . your lips were too sweet and they left me with cavities . 
new phone for verizon ? any suggestions ? 
my red is so confident he flashes trophies of war . and ribbons of euphoria . 
who is trying to go see Weezy next month at 1st mariner arena ? 
It seems I've really lost my way . It seems I've lost myself . It seems I've shed my skin . 
is going to be even more sleep deprived than normal while trying to catch up on < PROPMALE > . 
I got the shoes wit the matchin fit check . I got them jewels lookin phat around my neck . Yeah I know what I'm doin . 
tell sobriety that she's , she's about to meet her doom 
