work @ 5 yay for me ..... 

too damn hot out ..... 
payday today to bad most of it's gone b4 it's even in my hands ...... work @3 
Yeah Whitesnake !!!! 
Well Holy Crap i have a < PROPFEMALE > tree in my backyard and i didn't even know it ...... i think i need to go into my backyard more often lol 
Tried to watch an old episode of < PROPMALE > & Bullwinkle .............. definatly not the same as when i was a kid ..... * sigh * 
off of work for 5 days ..... what the hell am i going to do ??? 
Off to Steamers to go celebrate 7yrs . of fabulousness with my wonderful g/f come join us if your out and about :) 
Happy 4th everyone .... Having a get together after the fireworks if your interested :) 
last day if mini vaca ....... i had a lot of fun over the past 5 days that i didn't even miss work like i usually do .... 
Back to work @ 5 after having 5 wonderful days off with my favorite person :) 
got the day off today ... Going to Steamers later if you wanna get ahold of me xo 
off to steamers 
man i can sleep ...... just woke up ..... have the day off woohoo 
Been stuck in Wii land for the past few days sorry :P 
NEVER OWN A WII ............ it sucks the life out of you ..... all i can think about is stupid metroid prime .... 
Just waking up ...... work @ 5 boo on that ..... i can't wait for next saturday when i will have 9 days off :) 
sooo ..... i wasn't supposed to work today but i got called in to work @ 6 ..... eh well .... Sat . starts my 9 day vacation and there will be no one calling me in for that Muwhahaha !!!!!!! 
I am done with work for 9 whole days .... leave in the morning to go camping till tues . 
So yeah i have no idea what to do and i still have 4 1/2 more days to do this ...... man vacation is nice lol 
kinda sad for the crappy weather the last couple days of my vacation , but sittin at home is kinda nice too :) 
so excited that this is the last day of my vacation and then tomarrow i am back to work ........ oh god .... does this mean i'm a workaholic ????? 
What a first day back to work after vacation ........ : l 
Hi Ho Hi Ho it's off to work i go ..... 
yay for having the day off !!! 
i'm glad i have the da off today 
Sadly i came in 2nd to a newbie but it's ok we had fun doing it :p 
i am finally awake and i'm friggin starving ..... time to go scrounge up something to eat lol 
Man i've been a sleeping machine lately ........ i think it's the weather ... 
ugh i hate not feeling good :( 
Why is it when you start becoming an adult you go to bed earlier and wake up earlier ....... I miss the days where i could sleep till 2 pm ..... Though apple toaster strudels are friggin awesome for breakfast instead of snacks 
yay to not having to work today !!! 
Wow what a totally uneventfull day .... just how i like it :) ..... And i just have to say that nacho cheese combos are the whip 
Can't wait till friday ..... We are having a party for < PROPFEMALE>'s bday if you would like to join the celebration ... get ahold of me if you would like to come :) 
sad that i dont fell well enough to be able to go out with < PROPFEMALE > tonite :( 
work @ 5 .... got tomarrow off ( yay me ) got a lot of crap to do for the party and hopefully i will be able to fit in a tattoo ( yay me again ) 
Got tomarrow off .... I have a ton of running to do b4 the party .... gotta get a pinata ... run to midland to get a friggin door for my car .... have to do a lil grocery shopping and hopefully somewhere in between there i get to go get my TATTOO !!!!!! i really hope to see ya @ the party .... festivities will start around 10ish in the pm for all you lil worker bees out there :) 
Would anyone like to volunter to have a ninja < PROPFEMALE > stuck in their arm so my tattoo guy can see what it looks like ????????? 
sadly i have to wait till tomarrow to get my tattoo .... but on the bright side the party should be awesome tonite and i can't wait to have a drunken swing at the pinata :) 
Party turned out pretty awesome ... It was really good seeing some old friends and nothing got broken ....... Thanx guys xoxo 
I friggin love this tattoo !!!!! it's awesome that it's mine !!!! 
Just got back from the haunted house in st. < PROPFIRST > ...... just have to say that the did an awesome job on the sceney and the drunk bridge was a blast :) 
Just wakin up .... gonna shower then go get some grub from < PROPFIRST>'s ..... mmmmmm < PROPFIRST>'s 
man i can't believe i slept as hard as i did .... it was 12:30 and i still didn't wanna get up had to force myself outta bed ..... grrr 
so i think i may have done to many quizzes cuz they keep giving me the list in spanish ..... lol 
i am sooooo glad to be out of work and that i have tomarrow off what a friggin day ...... and why do people think they always get free stuff .... i don't get it ..... i don't go into your place of business and expect everything for free ... 
Yay to having the day off and my new gamefly game came in the mail today :) 
todays payday * yay * to bad i didn't keep the car ...... now i'm hungry , bored and very very stuck ...... hmmmmm wish i woulda thought this through better @ 8 this morning lol 
it seems that everytime i get on facebook today i am hungry ....... i think i have a small obsession with food lol 
as soon as i get my < PROPFIRST > johns i will be able to start the day lol 
first some laundry then quite possibly a horror movie marathon seeing as it is almost halloween and all :p 
work was hectic but i got a pocket full of tootsie rolls and i'm finally home so i'm good now lol 
i hate being sick hopefully i feel ok to be abk = le to work @ 10 ......... 
was having really bad stomach issuses so i went to the er ....... turns out they think i may have an ulcer * yay me * ...... heck with the way i eat though it was only a matter of time ..... lol 
sittin at home by myself .... 
I'm in top form again today can't wait till i can go to work and pick on my employees .... it's 1 of my fav pastimes :) 
Got the day off today .... the dishes are calling my name and it will please < PROPFEMALE > if i actually do them ... lol 
outta work and i have tomarrow off who knows what i'm gonna get into :p 
Getting ready to watch the new < PROPFEMALE > Trek ...... and yes i am excited to watch it :p 
Couldn't fall back asleep after taking < PROPFEMALE > to work ...... Now i actually have a lil bit of time to wake up till i have to wrok :p 
had a pretty good nite at work gotta be back at 10 am 
gettin ready to go see Ninja Assassin ...... * yeah sucka * :p 
I have the next 2 days off ...... i wonder what i'm gonna end up doing 
Couldn't sleep so i'm just gonna stay up gotta work at 10 anyways * grumbles * 
Trying to keep myself from going into winter mode ...... :p 
got the day off ........ waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to get home from work than it's dinner at my moms 
Yay snow * grumbles * just waiting around till i gotta work , < PROPFEMALE>'s making lunch * yum * 
got a lil shopping done ...... I am now wondering if good ol ' ebenezer had something goin .... lol .... now i'm home and it's time for some video game time :) 
thinking about adding to my tattoo ..... 
Home from work .... got the next 2 days off * yay me * .... < PROPFEMALE>'s spa party thingy is tomarrow .... should be fun :p 
man i wish i could sleep in like this everyday :p my bed felt so very nice 
Does anyone remember the Claymation Christmas Special ?? it was friggin awesome and had the california rasins in it 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!!! 
So .... I worked my ass off this week .... my car died on me today ..... & i'm not out partying with my friends like my young adult self should be ..... my new years resolution this year is to have an awesome new years < PROPFEMALE > next year ... :) on the up side I am with my awesomely fantastic family in my nice safe house in my p . j's :p man i'm such a hermit lol ....... 
just 1 more day of friggin work then i can have 2 whole days off :) .... to all my co-workers that i have on facebook i warn you now i REFUSE to come in lol sorry but i need it 
I'm not random I'm just .. OMG do you like tacos ? 
i wish i could sleep like this everyday ....... and i still didn't even wanna get outta my bed 
Does anyone know what weekend Snow Fest in Frankenmuth is going to be on this year ??? 
why is it i can never find anything to eat when i'm hungry ?? 
not looking forward to all the packing ..... already have like 20 boxes packed , but it doesn't even look like we packed anything ..... hrmmm i think that means we have to much crap lol 
home from work ( man it was going so well ) had a good dinner with mom now i think it might be nap time :P 
i think i slept waaaaaay to long ..... * yawns * 
done with work till wed . ..... just had some awesome spagetti at moms house * thanx mom :) * 
Went to see Avatar ..... all i have to say is \simply amazing\ " ....... definatly worth watching in 3-d " 
Had awesome sits at the circus last nite ..... we could almost touch the elephants lol 
* does a lil happy does * YAY i'm etting a ps3 for my bday :D 
Going out Saturday nite for my bday ..... If you wanna join us get ahold of me or < PROPFEMALE > for details :) 
* YAY * No Work till Tuesday !!!! 
Going out tonite for my bday ...... Get ahold of me if you wanna come out with us :) 
< PROPMALE>'s for dinner @ 8 then probably to Grand Central to go see my friend < PROPMALE>'s band play ( there is a $2 cover ) after that who knows .... Hope to see ya tonite :) 
Ok sorry Scratch dinner , but we will be @ Grand Central at 9ish xoxo 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes :) sorry i'm a lil late i've been stuck in video game world for the last week 
cant seem to get myself away from my ps3 .... i think i may have a problem 
Yay for day off ..... have to peel myself away from video games to go to a hockey game tonite , then maybe the bar ........ man i don't know if i'll be able to handle real human contact lol 
Had to feed the fish and pet b4 i went out for the nite lol i think i may have a problem 
man what a really really really long day at work ........ 
Man facebook is a really really good way to waste time lol 
Hi Ho Hi Ho it's off to work i go ............ all i can say is i can't wait for 5 to come around :p 
just getting home from work .... p . j's are already on and it relax mode in ...... 5 ...... 4 .... 3 .... 2 .... 1 ..... ahhh :) 
just hmmmm 
playin god of war 3 for the nite :) 
finally outta work .... got the next 2 days off .... god of war 3 will be occupying most of those 48 hours :D 
just gettin home from work .... not to much goin on 
I took a picture of all my gold in Farm ville and sent it to one of those cash for gold places ... I haven't heard back from them . 
I stepped on a cornflake today ! So am I a cereal killer now ? 
wonders do midgets have short tempers ? 
Follow your dreams . Except for that one where you fly . That one never ends well . 
says . If you pushed your own naked clone off the top of a tall building , would it be : A ) murder ? B ) suicide ? or C ) simply making an obscene clone fall ? 
Where do bubbles go when they pop ? 
found the end of the rainbow , there was no pot of gold , only an empty keg and some crayons 
is thinking that selling sea shells by the sea shore is probably a somewhat misguided business venture 
isn't sure whether Humpty Dumpty fell or was really pushed , but firmly believes that the 3 Blind Mice had something to do with it 
the blond couldn't figure out the tiger puzzle so she called her boyfriend when he came over he said \ lets put the frosted flakes back in the box okay \"" 
<=============== O.M.G look its my name 
says it's a bit evil when they put midget porn on the top shelf 
shits-n-giggles are o.k. but giggling shits are not 
off to work so the millions on welfare that depend on me can get there check 
Man it's nice out .... glad i'm outta work already now it's time to go enjoy the day :) 
I think i may be facebooked out ... lol 
Hope everyone is haveing a fantastical Easter :) 
People say money can't buy happiness . They LIE . Money can buy a jet-ski . You ever see anyone unhappy on a jet-ski ? Well ? 
No Sir , we can not provide donkeys for that purpose . 
its odd the way everyone automatically assumes that the goo in soap dispensers is soap ? I like to fill mine with mustard , just to teach people a lesson in trust . 
did you ever fart so hard you cracked your back ? 
... wonders if woodpeckers get headaches ?. 
boredom < PROPMALE > #5 make a kite out of empty cans and stuffs that wont fly and then go to busy park and get people to try to help you fly it . 
is wondering if illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup ? 
so yeah ....... work at 5 ..... should be alright :p ....... ummm think i'm gonna play video games till then ....... yup 
Two bums eating out of a trash bin outside a circumcision clinic , 1 turns to the other & says \ what you make of these crispy onion rings ? \"" 
We , the unwilling , Lead by the Unknowing , Do the Impossible , For the benefit of the Ungrateful 
finally out of work ..... got tomarrow off ..... do i have plans ....... mmmm probably not ....... get ahold of me :) 
If you hate someone , why not try to walk a mile in their shoes ... I promise it will help things , because you'll be mile away from them AND you have their shoes 
is doin important things rite now like spinnin round in my chair tryin to make myself sick 
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia - fear of long words . Anyone else see the irony there ? 
each generation complains about the next ... its so stupid because .. they never stop to realize they are the ones who raised us !!! 
ok so i think i can no longer think for myself so i've been letting status shuffle do the work for me lol 
says if life gives you melons ... you have dyslexia 
ok last 1 for now :p 
is wondering if the reason Rice Krispies start making noise when you pour milk on them is because they are drowning . 
thinks it's kinda sad when xbox starts to advertise through family guy ...... 
due to sleepyness im off to bed before head hits the keyboard and you think im typing gobbledegook to you zzzzzzzzzzzzzz x ........ <~~~~~~ had to use it for the simple fact that it used the word gobbledegook lol nite nite 
............ i think i slept to long ............ 
Saw two lesbian's walking down the street with their hands down each others pants ..... I think they where lipreading !! <~~~~ sorry if ur offended but i read this and laughed my ass off so i had to share 
home from work ...... hmmmmm what to do ........ 
Is able to go to 80's fest on saturday after all :) 
nite nite fellow facebookers 
Sooooo full ...... Now its time for haircut :) hopefully i'll get done before i go to work at 2 
finally outta work ...... showered ( so fresh and so clean ) ....... now i am ready to take on the nite ...... can't wait till saturday wooooo 
Yeah sweater vest & polo combo * two thumbs up * 
has a bad case of vacatoinitist- definition - vacation starts tomaarrow and I have to work at 4 today * grumbles * 
finally home to start my vacation :) had a busy day at work though ............ 80's fest tomarrow should be awesome ...... yup 
Friends are like potatoes , if you eat them , they die . So don't eat your friends !! 
just woke up after having a fantabulous time at the 80's fest/ bar with all my homies !!!! love you guys xoxo 
Know what's scarier than squirrels ? Ninja squirrels ! And even scarier than that ? Zombie squirrels ! RUN AWAY !!! 
Question . You are driving a bus from NY to NC . 3 people get off , 3 people get on the bus then pulls into bus depot . What was the name of the bus driver ? 
My favorite rapper is Dr Seuss . Who else can rhyme \Cat\ " with \ " Hat\ " and \ " Green eggs and ham\ " with \ " Sam I am . \ " That man's a genius " 
ok done with facebook for now .... think i'm gonna go play video games now ........ yay vacation lol 
I shower naked ... HOW NAUGHTY AM I ? lol 
just kinda hanging around the house may take < PROPFEMALE > to the park later ...... hust maybe though :p 
sometimes i ride my bike WITHOUT a helmet ... oooh oooh and i color outside the lines , im just a rebel at heart !! 
getting ready to eat .... then its off to owosso for a few days 
in owosso still ....... gonna cook out and just < PROPFEMALE > out at crystals mom's house for the day :) 
coming home today ........ i really wanna come home today ..... lol ..... is it sad that i've been gone for 2 days and i miss my home already :p 
Have you ever seen people dressed up as three different colored crayons run by yelling , \We're free ! We're free ! \ " and an empty crayons box chasing after them ? " 
yay to being home finally :) 
wondering what to do with yet another day off ??????........ is it time to go to work yet ??? 
* yawns * mornin everyone :) 
I try to always be positive , except on medical tests . 
is super focused ... on procrastinating 
last day before i go back to work ...... at least it will give me something to do :) lol 
wonders : If you eat Smarties and Dum Dum's at the same time , does it even out ? 
Went for a mile run yesterday .......... Stupid Ice Cream Man just kept driving even though I was waving my money in the air ! 
refuses to talk to naked clowns , they're just not funny 
\shits-n-giggles are o.k. but giggling shits are not \"" 
what do u get if batman and < PROPFIRST > get smashed by a steamroller ? Flat-man and ribbon . 
attempted to ' dance like no one was watching ' , but someone happened to be watching , and mistook my dancing for a seizure and called an ambulance . 
back to work at 5 today after having the last week off ...... it was nice , then i got bored .... now i'm ready to go back to have something to do ...... sad huh lol :) 
toodles for now fellow facebookers :) hope u enjoy the rest of ur day 
yay for being home from work ..... what a nice easy nite to just ease myself back into things after vacation :) 
home from work ..... got the next 2 days off now ...... hmmmmm 
is wondering what it would be like to be a Penguin ...... 
says you know you are getting old when you come home from work at 5pm and put your pj's on and get ready for bed without your mother telling you to ..... lol 
So ........... would you say your stairs go up or down ? 
How come when you open a can of evaporated milk , it's still there ? 
Wonders , if you worked at one of the Cadbury factories putting fudge bars into boxes , What would you tell people you did for a living ? 
is Tired.com . Thinking about visiting sleep.org 
Word of the Day ! Shananigator : ( N ) A person who instigates shananigans 
If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , vehicles make you drive drunk , spoons make people fat , and matches cause arson . 
hmmmm ...... 
Facebook is like a fridge , you keep on opening and closing it just to see if there is something new , but there never is . 
tried to make a small music playlist ........ tell me why after i was done going through my music i have 11 hours worth of music for this \small\ " playlist " 
........................... i think i shoulda stayed in bed longer * yawns * 
is currently unsupervised ... yeah I know ... it scares me too ! lol 
kinda excited about talks of a trip to Amsterdam this year may actually be possible :) 
man i'm kinda bored , but feeling to lazy to really do anything about it ....... shoulda got more sleep 
< PROPFEMALE > dum dum 
Have you ever noticed that sno-cones come in every flavor but lemon ? Apparently , we take that not eating yellow snow thing very seriously . 
glad to be home from work :) yay me !! 
ummmmmmm i apoligize for the post about the optical illusion ...... if u got 1 DO NOT CLICK IT !!!!! i did and looked what happened grrrrrrr sorry again 
man what friggin nite at work ......... 
Is as tired as a 2 dollar whore on dollar off Tuesdays . 
I just hate it when I wake up in the morning and don't feel like P Diddy =/ 
takin < PROPFEMALE > to her moms house and dropping her off for few days ..... hmmmmm ...... it's gonna be a loooooonnnng week ..... 
Happy's mothers day to all the great mom's out there !!!!! Hope u are having a wonderful day :) 
im bored ...... 
Yay crystals home :D 
getting ready to watch Daybreakers ...... hope it's decent 
Movie was decent a bit cheesy but good none the less :D 
quick ! put your left hand over your right shoulder ; and your right hand over your left shoulder ! that was a quick hug from me <3 
If you think you are special , then by all means , get you a foam helmet and wait for the short bus . YAY !!!!!! 
Be-lives Pizza is a formidable weapon against the forces of darkness . 
Is having a special kinda day !!!!! YAY !!!!! hope i get crayons to play with :D 
Is officially vetoing my facebook apps ..... i'm bored with them ..... i will keep them up and running so u can have a neighbor , but i'm sorry to all my neighbors that need gifts or something for their stuff ...... u may write a formal written request for something and it shall be considered and then process ...... thank you for your participation :) 
< PROPMALE > !!!!!!.............................................................................................................. ( come on now you know you want to answer ) 
Petition #1 - < PROPFEMALE > Robinson has requested Cupcakes via Petville . Yay if cupcakes should be sent or Nah if not ...... voting commences now and will stay open for next 30 < PROPFEMALE > . Thank You for your participation . :) 
Petition #2 - < PROPFEMALE > Guerrero has requested White Oysters via Fishvillie . Yay if White Oysters should be sent or Nah if not ........ voting commences now and will stay open for the next 30 < PROPFEMALE > . Thank You for your participation . :) 
ok ..... so ..... when i posted the veto thing about my apps . i was joking about the written consent thing . My lovely g/f decided to actually ask for something and so with that said I am a woman of my word . Hence the vote thing ..... it might be fun who knows ... it might get me interested again lol .... but i figured i should make some basic rules cuz i do work and stuff .... 
Rule #1 : I will only accept requests for games and apps . that I already have . I will not be joing anymore apps . unless further notice . So , Please no neighbor requests . ( please stand by for list of played apps . ) 
****** List of Apps . ******\ 
Farmville\ 
Petville\ 
Fishville\ 
Big City Life\ 
Pot Farm\ 
Fantasy Kingdom\ 
Farkle 2\ 
Mafia Wars\ 
Cafe World\ 
Lords Online\ 
Yoville\ 
Fish World\ 
Happy Pets\ 
Garden Life\ 
Ninja Wars\ 
Zoo World\ 
Hotel City\ 
Tiki Resort\ 
Treasure Isle\ 
Family Feud 
Now u can see why I'm burned out ..... lol ..... I'm sure there are a few more that i'm missing ..... If there is and I happen to be your friend for said app .... If u would like to particpate please send in request and it will be considered for further consideration 
well honestly that is about the only rule ...... I will start posting people's request if u wanna play ........ than play ....... if not oh well lol ..... just tryin something to kill the boredom of facebook :) 
ok so today is short .... gotta go to work ... but i will play fair and only open polls at times that there are more than just a few people online ... I will make sure to keep track and who know maybe I'll just feel nice and just send the gift anyways .... good luck :) 
.. laughs inappropriately at all the right times . 
I have made up my mind , and I am determined , that today WILL be a great day 
went for a horse ride today ... horse wouldn't stop , just kept going out of control ... luckily the store clerk unplugged it before I fell off ! 
We can dance if we want to , we can leave your friends behind . Cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance , Well they're no friends of mine .. 
Life is like gum . At first it taste sweet . But then it leaves a nasty taste in your mouth . Then you throw it away and get a new one . 
It's a tough job ... but somebody's gotta lead the freak parade . 
If you are driving and swerve to miss a tree-and then notice it's just your air freshener hanging from your mirror-you shouldn't be driving ! 
has finally been diagnosed .. she has a serious condition known as \Awesomeness\ " but don't worry non of you can get it because its not contagious ! " 
okay so there's this thing called sleep and I hear its really awesome ,.. so I'm gonna go try it out and see how it works ! night all xoxo 
Payday is only the illusion of having money for a couple of hours . Then it's payday for everyone I owe money to . 
thinking beach on saturday ..... just maybe 
wishes I worked in a bubble wrap factory . 
says if a word were misspelled in the dictionary , how would we know ? 
Nite everyone !!! work in the am than have the next 3 days off :D 
I would just like to say that i really hate pizza today .... 
Im free !!! 
mmmmmm i love peanut butter & jelly sandwiches ..... thay make me happy :) 
thinks today is the day :) 
How much happier would you be if you saw a duck moon-walking ? 
yay sun :) 
NOTE : singing in the shower is dangerous ... you know why ? cause singing leads to dancing ... 
finally awake ..... morning everyone :) 
Life is like gummy bears they live a nice life until someone bites off their head . 
Just another exciting day in the world of pizza 
Glad i have a lot of energy cuz the world of pizza is slammin today :p 
Finally relaxing after a crazy day at work ....... glad it went by fast though cuz now I have the next 3 days off 
I just discovered the phrase lol looks like a drowning stick man ! So every time you say lol , just remember you are killing a stick man . i bet he isn't laughing 
HAHA i beat u rain and got my lawn mowed b4 u came !! how ya feel about that sucka :p 
Gummy bears are just grizzlies without teeth . 
what an unbreathable thick day ........ 
so for anyone that knows how i am with sports this next statement will shock and amaze u .... but i am actually watching the U.S.A vs . England world cup game 
finally relaxing after getting home from work :) 
is closing her eyes so you can't find her . 
Work at 5 tonite hoping tonite fly's .... if it's as slow as the past 2 days i may shoot myself lol jk ..... But seriously if ur cravin pizza come see me at the lil caeser's on gennessee off of mich . * muah * 
was reading the paper today about a dwalf that had been pickpocketed , how can someone stoop so low 
Don't argue with a nut .. You might be attacked by a squirrel . 
1st half down 2nd half to go ..... 
work tonite .. than it's just 2 days of hanging out and hopefully enjoying my new pool :) 
finally got to facebook after work :p yay for having the next 2 days off :) 
so yup this me being awake way early in the am on facebook :) 
Mom & < PROPFEMALE > are leaving for Lansing soon .... I'm gonna miss them , but I will also be enjoying the pool and the strange quietness the house has when ur alone xo 
thinking about sittin in the pool ..... 
pool was refreshing :) now what to do ..... 
Im hoping the rain stays away now ... Cuz i was looking forward to jumping in my pool after work .... If u wanna join me ..... U know how to find me :) 
just another day in the neighborhood :) 
Mmmmm ... I love < PROPFIRST>'s food ~ it makes me happy :) 
is having a pretty fantastical day this far :) 
Im thinking that Steamers may be in my future after i get outta work ..... Would anyone like to join me & < PROPFEMALE > ?? 
In all my drunkeness i'd like to wish Juntia a happy b-day and i hope ur hung-over for ur 8 o ' clock shift love ya xoxooxoxoxo 
Had a pretty fantasical nite last nite :) I kinda forgot what it was like to get outta the house and be social with me friends .... thanx guys xoxoxo .... 
So ..... there may be talk of a pool party/ bbq @ my house on saturday ........ if u think this might be a good idea let me know :) 
BBQING today ur more than welcome to stop by if you want ... just give me a call or post something here :P 
Mmmm i love the smell of charcol burning in the afternoon :) beer time soon :P 
Man what a day at work .... thankfully our a/c works pretty decent ..... Now i'm home chillin in the basement :p 
Most definatly thinking Steamers tonite !! Anyone care to join ? 
I can hear Steamers callin my name :p 
Beer 2 ..... Where u at ??????? 
Done with work ..... Now I think some Sonic in my belly sounds fantastical :) 
Yup ..... 
I choose you , Pickachu !!!! 
doesn't understand why some people are so petty that they < PROPFEMALE > on to their childish , adolescent behavior even into adulthood . 
I hate it being so muggie out ....... Wish that i could just sit in the pool rather then having to clean it ... Work at 5 thank god we have decent a/c :p 
Had an awesome time at the Detroit Zoo yesterday with my amazing g/f :) 
Having a Yard Sale this weekend at my moms house .... If you need stuff you should come check it out 
You really dont know how much stuff you have till you try to sell it to other people ...... 
I wanna be done working now ...... * sigh * to bad i still have 2 1/2 hours left of my 14 hour shift 
says go with staple guns ! Because duct tape doesn't make the awesome ' kachunk ' noise . 
got the day off ........ what to do what to do hmmmmm 
< PROPFEMALE > ........ < PROPFEMALE > ....... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > waaa < PROPFEMALE > \ 
______/\\____\\o/____SHARK ATTACK ! 
I just giggled when i read this 1 ....... When I was younger I would make funny faces in the mirror . Now that I'm older the mirror is getting even ! I hate that mirror !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in the sky , made a poopy in my eye . Me no frown , me no cry . Me just happy cows can't fly ! ( : 
So friggin bored @ work ....... Would someone like to come entertain me ?? Lol 
ha ha ha ... wait ... what ? 
Sooo excited that i dont have to be back to work till tues .!!!! get ahold me if u wanna < PROPFEMALE > out :p 
When in doubt , step back , prepare to run , and poke it with a stick 
I would just like to say that I am sooo proud of my amazing gf for starting school again ..... Today was her 1st day back and she seems like she is in her element .... More power to her :) hell someone has to take care of me lol 
OMG PIZZA ............ : l 
What's black and white , black and white and black and white ? \ 
A penguin rolling down a hill . \ 
\ 
What's black and white laughing ? \ 
The penguin that pushed her 
If you draw a blank , what exactly does it look like ? 
For those that think nothing is impossible , I ask , have you ever nailed Jello to a tree ? 
i'm awake and i feel like i should still be sleeping ..... what gives .... 
Holy crap when they say media circus they don't friggin lie ....... had them all here at the house and it was crazy .... here and gone in a hour 
mmmmmm bean soup 
Blah ........ That is all thank you and goodnite 
YAY im outta work !!!........ Hmmmm now what to do ?? 
unwritten rule of the day : don't make eye contact while eating a banana ! 
things to do at WALMART #14 -\ 
stare at random people until they do double takes , then say , with a straight face , \I got new socks . wanna see ? \"" 
Don't laugh in the bathroom because it will make people think that your playing with yourself .. 
yay ! I have the next 3 days off ..... Haunted House tomarrow & maybe drinks with < PROPFIRST > tonite :p 
Quick , pick a color from 1 to 10 !. OK Lemme guess , ummmm ... uuummmmm , OK was it triangle ? 
Had an awesome time last nite @ the haunted house that we went to .... then ate some awesome food & drank some good beer .... So all in all it was a good nite :) 
I am sooooo friggin full ..... made an awesome spaghetti dinner :) yay me lol 
I was fighting the sickness so well .... Then i got slapped hard in the face with it this morning ....... Now all i wanna do is lay in my bed & whine about being sick ...... 
<<< that's me ! \ 
or is it\ 
i might just be me in disguise but if it was me in disguise then i would be me , wouldn't i ? 
just thought a thought , but the thought i thought wasn't the thought i thought i thought ! 
FOOOOOOOOOOD !!!!! 
Outta work @ 3 .... Then it's off to Pontiac for a haunted house adventure :p 
Had an awesome time @ the haunted house ...... It was definatly an experience getting buried alive :p 
So I ask myself ...... Why am I up already ?? 
. . . I like dots . . . Do you like dots . . ? Dots are very . . . < PROPFEMALE > . . . 
i know what your thinking . your thinking of what an orange panda looks like in a bikini with a head band playing the drums . no ??? you weren't ??? well now you are :p 
wonders if rhinos are just obese unicorns ? 
rawr ... people say it means i love you in dinosaur , but , i think it means back off or ill eat you ... 
Never try to baptise a cat . 
Whose up for some Rock & Bowl tonite ??? 
Ok ... So I may have spent to much $$ at the halloween store ..... Which means < PROPFEMALE > said we can't afford rock & bowl now ....... * grumble grumble * 
RIGHT MEOW !!! 
I'm a multi-tasking procrastinator ... I can put many things off at once ! 
I hate hate hate you 1st of the month . Just b/c you get a free check at the beginning of the month , that doesn't make it right to treat any1 like your better than them . Remember as soon as ur done blowing your $$ on pizza & cigarettes I will still continue to get checks through out the month . 
Life is short ... especially if you are only five feet tall . 
Go ahead burst my bubble .. I can make more 
thinks it would be fun to to go to Walmart , get a football helmet , snorkel and a foam noodle , hop on a toddler bike , and joust ! who's with me ? 
is wondering if you could breathe through your butt like a turtle would you suffocate when you sat down ? 
Oh Famous Daves .... why must u make food so delicious that i have to eat till i'm so full i'm about to burst .... 
is kinda lost ! Sshhhhh . All I can tell you is . I'm behind a tree and I'm on the shoulders of a small green elf . 
Are you OK ? I heard you were riding a horse yesterday and fell off and almost got killed ! Luckily the Walmart worker was there to unplug it ! 
Yup ...... 
I Reckon ..... 
MmmmmHmmmmm 
I am thankful for my family & friends ... And making it home safe from the 45 < PROPFEMALE > . drive/nap after meal #1 .... Just in time for meal #2 
Wonders if I can put Thanksgiving Meal # 2 in a blender and drink it like a shake ....... 
* twitch , gurgle , gurgle , twitchh * ...... <--- that's me still drowning in food ..... * gurgle twitch * 
kinda wish i didn't have to work today ..... but that shall pass once the nite is over :p 
Difference between a drunk person and stoned person when at a stop sign ? A drunk person will run through it and a stoned person will wait for it to turn green ! 
If you fall , I WILL pick you up ... as soon as I'm done laughing :) 
It's always an awkward moment when you are standing around in your superhero costume waiting for crime to happen .. 
Sometimes I like to talk into the fan just to hear my robot voice !! 
Ninja Health Tip of the Day : Exercise is important , but jogging is for wimps . Plenty of excercise can be had leaping from the bushes and kicking joggers in the head . 
Mmmmmm chicken noodle soup & tuna melts :) 
Why yes .. I AM the brightest crayon in the box . 
............... 
Remember kids ... Skinny girls freeze to death faster ! 
I love having SARCASTIC conversations with people who think I'm SERIOUS !! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY :) I hope everyone's day is full of christmas cheer xo 
I'm a little teapot short and stout here is my handle and here is my ... other handle . Holy crap I'm a sugar bowl !! Why didn't anyone ever tell me !!! 
' s friends are those kind of people who can turn even the most innocent of statements into something dirty . 
If you rape a prostitute , is it in fact rape ? Or just shoplifting ?? Just saying ... 
Ninja : Someone born with epic awesomeness ! 
If I'm ever on life support , pull the plug and plug it back in . See if that works . 
The other day someone called me normal - I told them to take that back before someone made fun of me . 
* stomps foot * i don't wanna be sick on my 2 days off :( 
What do pirates and pimps have in common ? \ 
They both say \YO HO ! \ " and walk with a limp ! " 
if my nose would just stop running like a leaky faucet i would be throughly excited 
so .... work @ 4 .... all i wanna do is sleep even though i slept for a good 20 hrs . already ..... i'm hungry & every1 is at work ... so i have to fend for myself :( ..... god i hate being sick ... it makes me more whiny then i already am lol 
Wonders how she ever survived without DVR ...... i don't think i've watched regularly scheduled t.v. since i've got it lol 
I took my medicine , ate , & cleaned myself up ..... see i can take care of myself if needed :) 
you see I prefer NOT to wear my helmet on the short bus . For it limits my window licking abilities ! 
What do you see when the Pilsbury Dough Boy bends over ?? \ 
.......... \ 
Doughnuts :) 
and i'm up why ??? 
Home again , home again , jiggity jig :) 
Have you ever noticed how Facebook is like prison ? You sit around wasting time & writing on walls while being poked by people you haven't met ... 
No , I did not trip , I attacked the floor with my Awesome NINJA skills 
mmmm grape soda how i love thee 
Werewolf vs . Vampire ... Winner is : NINJA ! 
Gamer mode commence in ..... 3 ....... 2 ......... 1 
I went outside once ... The graphics were alright , but the gameplay sucked . 
Come on 5 o ' clock ...... 
* shakes head * man i can't seem to wake up 
Napkins used after eating hot wings and then shoved in you pocket should NEVER be used as toilet paper no matter how much you've had to drink . 
blah blah blah 
Waa < PROPFEMALE > ......... WaNana ........... Da-Na ..... :) 
friggin car * grumble grumble * 
doesn't care about flame-retardent marshmallows 
woman finds her hubby in bed with a female midget ! furious , she screams ' You promised you wouldn't cheat again!' Husband says ' Can't you see I've cut down ?! ' 
is it a bad thing that i am bored with life ????? 
Clearly I'm cleverly disguised as a Responsible Adult . 
Nursing home residents today listen to classical and < PROPFIRST > Cash , my generation will be blaring Disturbed and Eminem ... 
If bars don't sell to drunk people , why does McDonald's sell to fat people ? 
Raise ur hand if you like being lame * raises hand * 
hears \POP .. POP .. POP .. \ " then giggles because she likes bubble wrap " 
If i had a wedgie and no arms , would you help me pick it out ? 
Tickling is such a weird thing . You hate it , but you laugh . 
Huh ? I Didn't Hear You . I Was To Busy Being Awesome 
The best thing about this status is by the time you realize it's completely worthless it's to late for you to stop reading it . 
thinks life would be far more interesting with background music . 
Have you ever thought of something really cool to say , but once you said it you realized it sounded WAY cooler in your head ? Yeah , I have been there . 
I have something to say ............... \Purple crayons do not taste like grapes \"." 
When you're flying up river in your birdhouse n the antenna falls off , how many cups of sugar does it take to get to Jupiter ? None silly , worms don't eat nails 
If stupid people didn't exist who would we laugh at ? 
Dear Snow , You're like the person from across the bar that was really attractive ... but after spending some time with you , you're totally inconveniencing my life 
I think i slept to long ....... shoulda got outta bed an hour ago :p 
I have a riddle : If you're going down a river at 2 mph and your canoe loses a wheel , how much pancake mix would you need to re-shingle your roof ? 
Yay i'm home :) time for shower & movie time 
< PROPFIRST > Hood was a thief , < PROPFIRST > gets high off of Mushrooms , Snow White lived with 7 men , Sleeping Beauty always slept in , and our parents wonder why WE are bad ! 
Wonders how bad they would miss me if i just didn't go to work ...... 
Better watch out ! Because , when the all the short people attack you , you won't even see them coming ! :P 
if it walks like a duck , and talks like a duck , then it could be a dragon doing a duck impersonation . 
In my p . j's ........ bring it on o ' mighty blizzard :) 
Wow ...... I actually get a snow day from work ....... I'm amazed that the world isn't demanding pizza ... 
Well my vacation is off to a good start ..... i didn't wake up till 1 :) 
WORLD DOMINATION ! I'm going to take over the world with evil gummy bears , ninja penguins , and robotic gnomes ;) Wanna join ?? 
thinkin i may go check out the price for my tatoo :) :) 
it's set ..... tomarrow @ 6 .... my skin gets more ink :) 
Man i have way to many hours until 6 
mmmmmm can't wait for chicken & dumplings for dinner mmmmmmm 
soooooo full ....... 
I went to the bookstore to buy a ' Where's < PROPMALE>' book , but couldn't find one ANYWHERE . Well played , < PROPMALE > . Well played , indeed . 
Thank You Everyone for my morning birthday wishes :) Now i get to start my day by going to sit @ the secretary of state * yay go me * lol 
Thanx everyone for my afternoon birthday wishes :) & thanx < PROPFIRST > for hoping that my dmv wait was short .... I was actually in & out in like 10 min :) lol ..... Now what to do for the rest of my day ???? 
When life hands you lemons , just be glad it wasn't herpes . 
So , you think you're tough ? Let's see you open a box of < PROPMALE > and Cheese using the \press here\ " tab . THEN I'll be impressed ! " 
OK ... so tell me ... if tomatoes are fruits .. then why is there a tomato in Veggie-Tales ? Isn't that lying to kids ? 
So let me get this straight ... Kelsey Grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can be on divorce #9 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE , 53% of Americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses . Yet , same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Re-post if you find this ridiculous . 
work @ 4 till 10 .... have the next 2 days off after that ..... < PROPFEMALE > doesn't get home till thursday ......... im soooo friggin bored ...... and there is no on to enter < PROPFEMALE > in me ..... < PROPFEMALE > dum dum 
YAY i'm done with work & i have a full belly ...... now i have to decide if it's nap time or not 
I don't care how old you are , the only safe way to guarantee the monster under the bed doesn't grab you is to use the run and jump method . 
Tip of the day ... Don't be a douche !! 
St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day : The wearin ' of the green , the drinkin ' of the green and the next day ... lookin ' pretty green ! 
SPIDER PIG , SPIDER PIG , Does whatever a SPIDER PIG does , Can she swing , From a web , No she can't she's a pig LOOK OOOUUUTTT !!! she is a SPIDER PIG !! 
when the road of life gets rough you can either complain about it or laugh at the way your fat jiggles ! :) 
It's all fun and games until you know there's < PROPFEMALE > involved ... then it get SERIOUS ! 
Does it really even matter ?? 
When you think you have it rough , just remember ... at least you're not being rectally probed by aliens . 
Why oh why am i awake this early in the morning ?????? 
So I decided to crank up my stereo with a blank tape , the next thing I knew , the mime next door was going crazy ! 
wonders , if a pig exploded would it smell like bacon ? 
Do you like dinosaurs ? I love dinosaurs . I think that ; if a dinosaur lived today , it would like waffles . I love circles . Do you like circles ? Waffles are circles 
wondering if you're wondering the same thing I'm wondering ... 
Would it be wrong to ask a one-eyed person if it really WAS all fun and games up to that point ? 
if money fell in the toilet after you used it , would you get it out ? 
Hickeys are just trailer park bar codes . 
