mello and low 

DAMI IS MY BESTIE IN THE WIDE WHOLE WORLD !!!! * loves dami back <3 !! * 
ah .... dont you just loves storms :) 
Watching < PROPMALE > Payne lmao 
Watching < PROPMALE > Payne Lmbo 
at home bout to go to lessons then < PROPFEMALE>'s Bday party 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . You will always remain The < PROPMALE > of Pop 
need to sleep sometime lol 
thinking of that special someone underneath these stars and fireworks 
well that was fun the pool party youth thing . wish i would be here to do it again 
beddy bye time church then work busy busy busy 
tired from work gonna take a nap . disturb me if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out or something 
cleaning my room . 9 days left till i move 
8 days left until we move now ... i hate these countdowns 
4 days left =( 
In South < PROPFEMALE > now for a few days then up to Connecticut to visit my grandparents 
i will be waiting for the day u rule the world and ill be your main assassin !!!!!! 
why am i not asleep !!! i should be getting ready for my sleep schedule for college !!! 11pm-5am !! 
still cleaning anf settting up the new house 
still cleaning and setting up the new house .... text me 
one week left !!!!! im sooo excited !!! 
OMG 5 DAYS LEFT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
4 days left till i join the FORGE 
leaving tomarrow for maryland ...... 4 more days to go !!! 
just counting down the hours that are left now .... 
well facebook fam . this is my last night on here ... until October that is . Heading up to college in the morning . Take care without me .. i wont have my phone so dont bother textin ... but u can leave me voicemails if you want . Stay out of trouble cuz i wont be there to bail u out or talk to or be there with you joking bout how we got caught lol ... love you all . Valley Forge .... here i come :) 
is ready for some FUN !!!!!!! 
mad tired from my first walkout leave but had a hella good time . Thanks to those that made it fun Dahl sisters and Jennings 
If your in into CJ and not goin out tonight then hit me up and we can study for the mid-term together 
study study for this mid-term tomarrow 
has just laid my aunt to rest . R.I.P. but everything will be alright 
full from break ... now its nap time 
sad that castro had to die 2 weeks before i got to visit him in 2 weeks :( 
the day started out moody .... but its begining to become a better birthday :) thanks guys and gals :) 
Happy that Tattoo is over !!!! ready for this BREAK then a week of exams then my first month long CHRISTMAS VACATION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Woo Hoo one concert down .... 2 more to go ..... then exams .... then back home ... maybe ill get to steal my way back to my real with with all my friends over the break ;) 
just two more finals and im gone off to SC 
F my life .... F my life all the way to H E double Hockey Sticks 
Better with her in my life 
hmm let's see who breaks first 
I'm not afraid .... They may want to take christ out of christmas , they can never take christ out of me . If u are proud to be a christian and you are not ashamed of christ then post this on your status for 1 day as light to the world . 
This is MOJOJOJO !!!!!!! 
well thats just something we do 
here back at VF ..... boored .... waiting for all the Londonits to return .... sooo bored .... i think ill watch 300 in the mean time SPARTA !!!!! 
Hello from < PROPFEMALE > Old England 
wow its friday ..... and i have nothing to do . Room Inspection at 2100 
and you would had thought today would had been THE day that black people would stop referring to each others as niggas 
shining shoes shining shoes , gonna get screwed at 9:32 all becuz the sh*tter is filled with someone's dinner and it wont go down the loo 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST , and the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLDIER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status . Thank you 
Duuuuuuude just got skype .... send me an invite or whatever TANKr227 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player 
gotta love the snow 
ah ...... who is to blame yet myself ... oh well time to keep smiling 
yay one class today !!! 
im gonna make sure i still have a good day 
chillin to Jay-z .... thinkin bout goin to practice soon 
soo ...... who wants to add my on skype tankr227 
time for bed at the forge tmrw MSBF .... wish us all luck 
lightning storms are earth's angry orgasims 
i think i just about lose all my motivation :( 
im quiet .... thats usually not a good sign 
why do i hate playing marches again ..... oh yeah cuz they are long boring and DREADFULLY repetitive ! 
hmmm wonder where i should go tonight ... and if i shoud go see a movie 
wow i mad my bed uz i was bored 
i love rainy days :) 
epiphany ...... im not doing to have a good day today :\\ .... thinking thoughts too much 
Lets groove tonight ... share the spice of life .... Earth , Wind , and Fire ... always a must :) 
back at school safely ...... but im missing my BROWNIES !!!! 
spanish book project ! 
DONE WITH THIS BOOK YES !!!!!! 
Fresh cut , its hott out , and CJ Police showcase ! 
doesnt feel like talking to anyone now :( 
ok so i can talk to people ... but im still feeling sick from earlier 
l im feeling better ... still not the best but i had a pleasent night tho :) Thanks 
hmmm i think im losing my caring nature 
Wow i might actually get some work done on my paper tonight !!! 
practice practice practice :) gotta make myself extra shiney winey for tomorrow 
i am going out to go crazy 
i sure wish i could move on from some things .... its hard have baggage after baggage stack up 
gotten better with them morning ... lets forget and Forge on ! 
just cleaned my room and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is my best friend :) 
Lost in Philly , might as well stp off at Starbucks and make a bad day into a good time 
MASSAGE PARTY TODAY !!!!! 1400 IN THE BOODLE 
restless with no release 
IRON MAN 2 IS FRICKING AWESOME !!!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA < PROPFEMALE > Crago 
enough anime for the night time for bed ..... perhaps .... can't wait for saturday 
packing up ... double checking ... cuz im leaving the Forge for a week !!! going to stay with < PROPMALE > Cavazos and that side of my family . SURPRISE to anyone that doesnt know that im coming ... or that i dropped hints aobut coming or not !!! ;) ;) ;) Va Bch LOOK OUT !!! 
back at the forge now 
sore .... majorly tired ..... sounds like a good karate program to me :) and yes i just got back 
oh baby its HOT HOT HOTT !!!! in my room now .... chilling to music too :) gotta love the simple pleasures 
its too hott to sleep FUUUZZZZ !!!!!! >:( 
< PROPMALE > of Persia is an AWESOME movie !!!!! time for more spontaneuity 
have you ever got that feeling that your thumbs are just too big for your cell phone ... even if you have a keyboard ?? 
if you really wanna stick it to the man , then get an education and beat the man at his own game 
haha just for kicks .... Poke me if you have a crush on me , like this status if you think I'm cute , inbox me if you ever wanted a relationship with me , put a smiley face if we're friends , puta heartif you want to be more than friends . Now let's see ... who will be brave enough ... to put this as their status 
i think ill go out and sit under the stars and the < PROPFEMALE > . someone should call me :) 
The New Karate kid was pretty beast , tho I think jayden copied his dad's one liners waaaay too much 
I feel overheated and sick 
Long long day .... fresh out the shower ... time to stare at the stars tonight :) 
< PROPFIRST > Tinker is totally done for the night and nothing or no one will wake him up . So hurry up and text him before he shuts down for the night 
its SOOOOO hottt !!!! but at least i finally got a day off tomorrow !!! 
Frickin Huge A ** beetle in my room ! like right on the top bunk's bottom rings .... right where i would lay my head at !!!! Frick ! wheres Grayson Hiner when you need him !!??? He loves bugs !!! 
Hot hot day ... still lots more to go . WOrkout with a < PROPFEMALE > Captain and the kids ... whew im ready for a shower 
just sittin here enjoying Slow Burn by Atreyu ... i think thats like my theme song . I couldnt get it out of my head for like the past 3 days !!! 
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH\ 
Im Fricking Livid right now ..... fricking kids with no kind of respect and other problems !!!!!! >:[ FREAK THIS !!!! TIME FOR ANGRY PLAYLIST >:[ 
Calmer ... a lil bit sicker but over all doing well ... ready for leadership details .... gotta make that money tho 
Room clean up .... room inspections .... NAP TIME !!!! LET'S GO LAST WEEK OF SUMMER CAMP !!!!!! XD 
< PROPMALE > Loves the Rain x ] 
... just became depressed .... maybe sleep will help 
i really have nothing to offer to anone ... soo ill lay myself down to sleep , and rest my weary aching heart 
NIght duty time !!!! 
What happened to R-E-S-P-E-C-T !!?!??!!?! \ 
I thought once I was an adult I would get some magical power to control everyone younger than me .... turns out that those powers never exsisted\ 
new generation .... less control of themselves and personal responsibility\ 
no wonder why the Mayans predicted the world will end in a 2012 
oh and sorry for causing yall to worry last night\ 
im gonna put up my last status ... i like that one alot ;) 
im loving my new sponser family <3 XD 
Ok ... gonna see my parents tomorrow finally . Then leadership details start Friday .. let's see how this weekend turns out 
................. Tomorrow ..................... 
Last night of freedom ... gonna spend it going to the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Vanguard band competition 
ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGG 
woke up in a angry pissed off mood .... idk why so dont bother asking 
going away to dissappear into the night ... not the best of moods ... lets ee where this takes me ... i dont really feel like holding back my anger tonight 
......... throw away the world .... but keep the ppl in it ?..... im not too sure ... i want to believe but who cares anymore 
i hate when i get in this mood i become overly rational .... ill live tho . thanks for the love for those who showed it ... altho i didnt want it at the time . I am still silent but now i wont kill on sight anymore . thanks again .... oh and thanks < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Wright for the Gym Class Hero music video ... that def brightened my mood 
...... and back to hitting walls ..... i was just on recovery mode too 
Feeling the brighter day ... this is prob the one time i actually like a < PROPFEMALE > day :P :) 
Heading to the renaissance fair with @ < PROPFEMALE > Brennan :D 
ARRRRG with it all ! 
ARRRRGGG with it all !!!!! Im < PROPFEMALE > just gonna chill in my room and listen to my Angry Music playlist 
IM OUT !!!!! gone crazy !!!! leave me a message =) 
bored and feeling alone .... that cvould be dangerous ... gotta work on controlling my inner lashful self 
i swollowed a moth during the Ring Class talk !! 
work tonight finally .... i can make some funds for London ! 
why do i feel so drained ..... need that spark and motivation to kick in again 
well at least band practice makes me fell better :) 
I'M SOOO PROUD OF MY PLEBES !!!!! BAND CO HUAH !!!!!!! 
Its a whole new day tomorrow 
things of this world are no longer a easy as they seem . \ 
the physic < PROPMALE > ... the < PROPFEMALE > physic < PROPMALE > , emotion < PROPMALE > , psychologic < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > phoric < PROPMALE > , soci < PROPMALE > -ecologic < PROPMALE > \ 
love is nothing but a number and a statistic ... beyond < PROPMALE > lrelm of norms , holidays , thoughts of suicide or manglment of the body \ 
-thoughts of a meloncholy soul 
tomorrow is a new day ..... hopefull 
wow .... even the rain doesnt lighten my mood much . what is wrong today !!!! 
Ahhhhhhh .... finally a REAL bed !! 
MIDTERM WEEK !!!!! HECK YEAH IMMA ACE THESE TESTS 
Ok band geeks i need some help here . I need some fight fight pep rally songs to write up byt THIS SATURDAY ! at least give me some ideas that i can try to write the music out to ... if you have photo copies of the music and parts that would be even more awesome ! 
well .... we can all hope and pray ... but tomorrow is not going to be a good day ... muscially speaking 
GOOD JOB BAND ! some how we pulled it out of our .... well you knw 
My lowest grade on Midterms is an 84 ..... I think thats a cause for a LONG RELAXING weekend and all that good stuff XD 
as i sit here in Starbucks i remember all the friends/family I left behind In < PROPFEMALE > Beach . \ 
I miss you all !!! I will be back again ! ;) just wait a little longer 
i feel like crap :( 
time to go in a corner ... curl up .... and read .... this is the most emotionally exposed ive been in a while 
IM SOOO BORED !!!!! 
i think we need more than just an hour extra sleep here at the Forge 
No cell phone :( :( 
my poor phone has committed ritural suicide 
will someone tell me why we had to wait 3 1/2 hr to do a frickin 30min march down 5th Avenue !!!!! 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . If you know what itis , or know someone who has or has had a depression , will you copy and paste this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week , 1 in 3 will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support 
And finally .... Tattoo is over 
oh how to forget ... oh how to forget . the mind is abuzz and all i want to do is forget 
YESSSSS BREAK TOMORROW !!!! 
MY DAY JUST BECAME AWESOME !!!! 
idk why im so angry .... but im gonna just take my pills and work it all out in the gym now 
just sent the APplication to ODU !!! 
pretty frick'n AMPed up now ! 
lets get these projects DONE 
and now for some muscle failure to hopefully forget everything in life thats happening now 
this is prob the most saniest and calmest ive ever been in the past couple months =) 
Vespers , then finals , then home .... and so the countdown begins 
done with finals .... not all i need to do is find something to do for the next 2 days 
ah finally home from the Forge 
not even a full 24 hrs home and already in a fight with my sister ... alreadying missing the Forge 
if i had a <3 it would be </3 , however since it was my fault to begin with , i don't have the right to a </3 
i got an ice bow where my heart used to be 
i got an ice box where my heart used to be 
thinking about something else .... lets keep it that way too 
and finally ... it almost all feels better :) 
packing and watch Madea ..... snow here i come 
Off to see what trouble i can make in this lovely city of Detroit that im stuck in because of that darn Snowstorm in Philly yesterday 
Becca Novick is as slow as a glacier . (: P Ari i got you back ;)) 
off to bed now . praying that i get a flight tomorrow 
finally somw good news 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons made Oprah fat ! Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not just the means they chose to utilize !!! Reposted from another friend's status message . Don't just like it ..... repost it 
YAY FACEBOOK IS BACK UP !!!!! 
All this reading about time management just makes me feel like im < PROPFEMALE > far behind in my own time proritizing and crap 
Why can't I understand Chemistry basic math anymore !?!???!?!?! @_@ 
the Quote of the day is :\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Morales Habarth\But sir I play fortisimo and then I play paino\ " \ 
