Going to dads for christmas 

On the road to zion . 
Chilln at home watchn 5DS 
i am partied out ... my god i am dead . 
today is gunna suck balls ... 3 hours of sleep + < PROPMALE > taxi service + work = a very very tired < PROPMALE > 
No Work ... Happy < PROPMALE > :) 
12 hour shifts suck ... alot .... ALOT ! 
Its gunna rain today , I get off work early . YAY !!! 
Going to church , and then taking an epic long nap . 
i took way too many allergy meds , but i figure if one is good five is better . and that is why i am feeling like i have a hangover . 
a half day of laying around , then work . sounds like fun . 
O boy o boy o boy . it is going to be hotter than hell at work 
In the words of < PROPFIRST > Malcore , \somethings not right in Marabel \"" 
being a lazy bones 
Is researching for Lake < PROPFEMALE > , Yay ! 
PAR-TAY !!! WOOOOOO ! 
work today ! I would not be surprised if i got called off . even though nobody is going to go swimming in this wind . 
WOOOO ! i got called off of work . 
I am on the edge ! 
feeling tired from donating blood . but now i save people with my blood and life guarding . 
done with work , and watching the < PROPMALE > horror picture show ... its disturbing yet , i cant look away . 
Is in an award turtle mood 
church and work ..... it going to be a long day 
i was rudely awakened by two people last night . 
Oh Boy Oh Boy Oh Boy , im going to raise some shenanigans today ! 
Is pumped . I dont know why , i just am . 
Wow ! that is the only thing that can describe tonight . 8 people 1 car and half naked men running in the rain , that is what its all about . 
Is going to preview my tattoo today !!! 
Dont you hate it when people dont believe you when you tell the truth . 
Is SUPER pumped for < PROPMALE > Potter 6 Tonight !!!! 
I saw < PROPMALE > Potter 6 , i got 3 jobs , and im living in a U2 song ... I got vertigo , LIFE IS GOOD 
Uggg ... work was brutal today , no thanks to the lack of sleep and my meds . 
Is feeling experimental , i wonder recess puffs and spaghetti ? 
got a piece of glass stuck in my foot when i was crawling in the trunk of my car . thats what i get for trying to clean it . 
its going to be a long day filled with work , fun , and nonsense shenanigans 
great night . fireworks , 10 people one car , and morenaked men running around . then bww for breakfast . GOD , LIFE IS GOOD ! 
stapled my hand with a staple gun 
getting ready for the grad party ! whoot whoot ! 
Is super pumped to see the brewers and iv been drinking green tea all day !!! 
great day , didnt know i had work and had to work late , then later found out < PROPFEMALE > went into the hospital . GREAT ! 
Going Shopping , then gunna party it up like its 1999 !!! 
Awesome party last night ! 
finally got my wifi on my laptop to work after 4 HOURS ! 
is doing moose stuff 
< PROPFEMALE > wont let me watch my soaps 
Goin Swimmin 
Thinking about swimming 1000 yards today 
Is getting my Wu-Tang on 
is stealing leoras crutches and putting them places that she cant reach . hehe 
Awesome Night ! watchin the brewers with one of my best friends , getting free cookies , and knifing a homeless guy collecting cans . 
Hurray nothing to do ! 
Board out of my mind . up for any thing to do today . 
Taking some liberties that i couldnt do when i was 17 but now i can do when im 18 
Got my tattoo done , will be posting pics in around 2 hours 
About to start writing thank you cards 
First day of college , cant wait ! 
First day of school done , now only if my mom would give me MY money to buy MY books for the next day . 
Great night celebrating my birthday ! 
its going to be a long day ... 
Not a good day , i clipped a cow so now i dont have a side view mirror , then i spilled 40 oz . of soda in the drivers seat . FML 
getting an espresso , i need it on account of getting up at 4 in the am 
has become a coffee addict 
is wondering why this same MESSED UP dream keeps happening 
One more person has been added to the messed up dream iv been having , this aint right 
attention span is that of a goldfish in class 
started doing home work but then decided not to do it 
Is going to talk in a Russian accent for all tomorrow .... god , Defiance was a good movie 
Epic day ... This is the first day EVER that i didnt fall asleep in accounting 
wow , class was canceled in the morning and is now debating whether to go to class or not 
Just finished my essay , now to eat and then go to bed around 8ish 
it been a long day .... 
awake for 21 hours .... wooo , im tired 
did not feel it was necessary to go to my last class 
microsoft excel sucks balls . 
Who ever thought of putting espreso in hot coaco is a genius . 
Iv got $5 to get me home and back to Green Bay tomorrow 
Home after a seriously fun weekend 
it was a good idea to put < PROPFEMALE > surup on my chicken < PROPFEMALE > 
just found out that the best kind of slave labor is when you have old ladies make pie and other such desserts . Its delicous . 
Two steps forward three steps back 
God today is going to suck . had a flat tire already that made me late for work and there is alot of room for other stuff to go wrong . :( 
After a crapy week comes an awesome weekend ! 
just got tickets for TYPE O NEGATIVE in concert ! 
i think by the end of the week i will have watched transformers : rise of the fallen at least 7 times 
Just lost 5 lbs in 2 days 
Taking a break from my 3 < PROPFEMALE > paper . 
super tired from work and pumping iron 
is thinking of watching all 4.5 hours of Tin Man today 
Freeze ... Now let me clear my throat 
Is going to get all buffly like 
is reluctant to do anything other than sit home . 
trying to figure out if the random sort of events in my dream had any significance 
is going to be jacked up on super energy in an hour and a half ! 
So i joined the Navy 
Got done working out 
is going to lose his mind from extreame boardom 
It must be nice living in Christmas land 
Curse this new high metabolism . Sleep is becoming a thing of the past . 
And the xbox 360 gets a 3 ring of death 
and off to Type O Negative we go ! 
Great weekend ! all thanks to Ramey and < PROPFIRST > 
Gangster rap made me do it 
Board out of my mind , no work ... i dont like free time 
I GOT A TOY AIRPLAIN IN THE MAIL !!! 
\your blinded by a sign the thunders coming stronger and your about to die hell is dropping faster rain is running hot and the only thing you can do is sit back and watch \"" 
Lamb Of God and Gwar . Enough said .... 
My hair is seginficantly reder because of taking a blood cannon to the face , i also think i cracked a rib from being in the front row . God it was a great show . 
Huray for healing ribs !!! 
Wants to make cake but not eat it . 
I hate flat tires . so flat tire get a peice of the tire iron ! 
I HATE TIRES ! 
Why is that i cant ever enjoy myself ? 
Hells Yea ! I got a Nuke job in the Navy ! Damn Rite ! 
Pumped ! no sleep , work , school , and then < PROPMALE > ZOMBIE ! 
< PROPMALE > Zombie put on one of the most amazing shows iv ever seen in my life . I got to touch him . 
is reluctantly waiting for Blade to pop up in the Twilight saga 
i find comedy in my car being broken into and 1 skindred ticket , 2 books , a backpack , and a calculator being stolen . 
Got done with work and my first PT session . So im guna crank some Tech N9ne and drift away in an abyss of relaxation . 
why is Tech N9ne so great ? 
Is making brownies for everyone to enjoy tomorrow ! 
im gunna be like Ice Cube tomorrow and go to church 
And my new name is DEP Recruit Havlik 
is not looking forward to cutting my hair today . : .. ( 
still has the taste of vanilla and bananas in my mouth 
These lies are leading me astray its too much for me to stay . I don't wanna live this < PROPFEMALE > it goes on endlessly . I see you so please stay strong . I'll sing you one last song and then I'm gone 
what will happen to my soul will I come back I don't know , will you meet me when its over let me know , You can meet me here in heaven don't you ever let me go 
i wake up and to my surprise i still get st. < PROPMALE > gifts . 
Boondock Saints 2 was awesome ! 
It was an all around good day , frolicked in the snow to subway , dug out my car , watched Clockwork Orange . But my car is stuck in the road and i lost my phone , ng not good . 
Pt was alot better tonight . it is becoming enjoyable . 
I think waking up with a cat on your head in the morning is a good luck charm . 
it feels like a someone poured a pound of pure chloriene in my eyes . DAMN THE MASSIVE AMOUNT OF CHLORINE AT THE Y !!! 
Just keep swimming < PROPFEMALE > always says , it works !!! 
Oh what we do when < PROPFEMALE > goes away for 40 minutes . 
The day started off rely good , but like the irony in all days that start out like this , it ends in desaster 
is dead until i get sleep or caffine , preferably sleep . 
Rely rely wants to go to the botanical garden light show . 
Going to work out , work , then who knows , because i dont . 
is making Lanore wrap Christmas prestents 
Did i just hear someone say THUG PIT 
its going to be a long day ...... 
the balls on my feet are killing me , now its time to relax while crankn some tech n9ne and wu tang 
going to start making food for Christmas at < PROPFEMALE>'s . Cant wait !!! 
is tired but is going to stay up and watch the movie i got for christmas !!! i love my family . 
i hate my car , i hate my car , i hate my car . the only thing to look forward to tonight is the wps light show . 
going to gb with < PROPFEMALE > and lanore . 
Im a riot maker , thats if you dont know 
going to the Y tomorrow , gunna whip < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Lanore into shape . then going to try and make plans after work . 
Spent the new year scootering around base sippn sparkling cider then went to waffle house . No meat in those hash browns 
Going to the 7th circle of hell for 6 hours today . Sounds like a wonderful day ... 
Better yet say hey get it get it . It's time to get greedy , From city to city 
excited because i found my blood stained jeans 
Damn im an amazing googler ! i found this movie i used to watch as a kid and couldnt think of the name for the life of me , it was once upon a < PROPMALE > . 
Time to rest from Pt and the work out after that 
I ain't happy , I'm feeling glad , I got sunshine in a bag , I'm useless but Not for long , The future is coming on 
Finding all the peices of the Soundtrack of the Summer 2008 . best ST ever ! 
Start of the Disney movie weekend ! 
Great weekend ! i just wonder how much chlorine it takes to get chorine poisoning . 
Oh god bake day . three cakes , three dozen cookies and i gota make supper yet . 
listening to the new Paradise lost cd . God their amazing . 
I want to breathe the air , like I was meant to on ordinary days 
Workin ' on my night moves 
Nowhere is the dreamer the misfit so alone 
he'll simply laugh and smile , for he would take such comfort in knowing there would be no tomorrow 
Keep the faith 
needing some well deserved rest . 
wake up , shower , eat , work out , and repeat . 
I wanna go to Guam . Everyones happy in Guam . 
Went roller blading for the first time in 8 years . Damn the Navy knows how to have fun ! 
Just going to chill at home tonight . tomorrow big day ! 
Alright , Caprica- Best show on tv . hands down 
Great night ! now just maybe turn in early tonight . 
Just watched all of Alice ... Tin Man still rox my sox . 
starting to go through a < PROPFEMALE > Metal phase . 
I feel like a BEAR ! 
HOOYAH NAVY !!! 
Aint it funny how the night moves . 
If you dont have heart , then you dont have anything 
You see im falling in a vast abyss , clouded by memories of the past , at last i see 
One of those sleepless nights , just thinking . 
Best night in a long time 
Its the music that we choose . 
I flirt with suicide , sometimes kill the pain , i cant always say \its going to be better tomorrow \"" 
I wish there was something more than this ... saturated loneliness 
When you lose control and you got no soul , When the feeling's gone and you can't go on with n o-o ne beside you you're goin ' nowhere , Tragedy 
So the Tin Man got a heart .... 
Had a fun night . unfortunatly i didnt win the pink snuggie . sad panda 
home from pt , cant wait till next weeks ... its going to be fun !!! 
I will rain hell from above . 
Going to the hospital 
Break the silence , damn the dark , damn the light 
I am the sultan of swing 
I'm taking my time to perfect dying alone , I'm cutting the string that binds me to you , I'm writing a book on what not to do . 
Is comfortably numb playing the juggband blues 
Help me pour this gas on me , i need to drown in flames to be free . 
All my life i'v felt discarded , never feeling apart of it 
Breath in life as true as honest work 
Under my < PROPMALE > body fat , HOO YAH !!! 
Hippy jam fest was some wat of a wreck , but fun though . 
Should be an eventful day , cant wait till tonight 
Maybe is shouldnt be optimistic ..... 
Come against me thats a no no , cuz im a beast 
oh when frustraition takes over 
63 
tired of this place , tired of waiting to leave , tired of waiting for something to happen . 
went for a run and swimm to get my mind off of things ..... 
I wish i could feel it , and i wish i could steal it , abduct it , corrupt it , but i never can its just saturated lonliness 
Everybody around me always think they know what's going on inside my mind , they think I'm Mr. Nice Guy all the time 
Lower than low 
This is the martini 
Great saturday night !! tear gas aint got nunting on the Y 
Cuz my life is so rock and roll 
Superman aint got nuthin on me !!! 
Dressin all fancy like for dinner tonight . 
Has completely lost it . 
Rolling inside a shell you call a mind 
My finest nightmares 
I dont have much else to say 
My straw reaches all the way across the room and drinks your water 
Will be sportin tin down the old route 
Dollar , dollar < PROPMALE > y'all 
Insanity at its finest 
I'm hot like the Human Torch without no question 
Men don't cry , men don't pout , men < PROPFIRST > you in the jaw and say thanks for coming out . they tell us not to drink , not to smoke , not to drive fast well i say mind your own business . 
Just chillin at home and watch the boondock saints 2 with < PROPFEMALE > 
Is a beast 
men build thing , thats what we do . its in our DNA . and when it all falls down , we build it right back up . and this time bigger , better . take a look around , do you think the men who built all this had it easy 
Hand you a shovle to dig your own hole . 
Great night of PT . now to gorge myself on this pizza , alone . 
Was rockin out to polkas while i was cleaning the garage today . if that aint ballah then i dont know what is 
Fun day seeing the family today . espacialy with great grandpas sunshine 
Feelin ' like a freight train 
Nothing like a nice pt combined with awesome whether and a wonderful show to put you on the < PROPFEMALE > side of the street 
Is picking carpet out of my palms . Now imma start on my essay . 
is smooth like < PROPFEMALE > 
Big day tomorrow , need sleep . but we all cant be a sleep camel like < PROPFEMALE > now can we 
Awesome going away party . thank you for everyone who attended 
Chlorine you win again . but just wait till i shank you then we'll see whos all up in your sinuses then . 
Happy 
EVERY EPISODE AND THE MOVIE OF PPG CAME IN THE MAIL TODAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Tomorrow is going to consist of alot of PPG while sitting in my boxers . 
Cant wait till after work , more PPG ! i just started season 2 
Great Pt . Cheif would be proud . 
Nap time , then im gunna clean < PROPFEMALE > she's a dirty girl . then later sushi !!! 
one way to describe my whole night ...... amazing 
Any escape might help to sooth the unatractive truth 
sad day at work , it was my last sunday and that was the last time imma work with some people . 
Nap time , then i think imma make a fort out of blankets and pillows with my no girls allowed sighn in front of it 
Gots some bad writters block , i guess the redone essay will have to wait till thuresday 
They were right 
its better to burn out than it is to rust 
Start to dream of somewhere to relax my restless flight , somewhere out of a memory on a quiet night 
Should be a good day filled with lots of adventures . 
enough to edify and permanently fill this hollow 
Sad day . Last day of work , but imma be prit ridiculous . 
Great food , good people , and a perfect ending . that was my night 
Damn the gods 
To live is to love the pain 
Following the Ghetto Commandments 
Gunna be an epic day 
Breathing the air that i was ment to on ordinary days 
And yes i can pull off brown with black . 
Going up by padres , then cleaning for saturday . 
everybody wang < PROPFIRST > tonight 
Insanity at its finest , that was the night . 
you snatch your rattling last breaths with deep-sea-diver sounds , and the flowers bloom like madness in the spring . 
The packing begins 
Feeling alone , the navys up the road , salvation < PROPFEMALE > mode with a cup of tea 
Starting to miss everyone already . 
my last PT . 
Madness is just like gravity , all you need is a little push . 
finishing up the rest of my packing , then going my nessas to learn how to make a bed . 
Only the strong will continue 
People keep on telling me to put pants on , and i will refuse until they stop telling me . 
I head to milwaukee today , then i start getting screamed at tomorrow . 
Well , basic is done . now i play the waiting game for when i get my new orders for A school . 
this weekend is way too chilax . i cant wait till i actually do work around here . but the plus side is i do have < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . 
Hooya balls-4 watch . im going to need alot of caffine tonight . then tommorrow i get to see the fam for the first time in 11 weeks 
Awaiting my ass jacking for messing up the deck log . Oh well it happens . 
I am god of all that is yeoman desk . 
Finnaly going to SC on monday !. cant wait 
Packing up my seabag for like the tenth time . then tommorrow heading to SC . 
First time going on a plane today . im so excited to finnaly get to A school after 12 weeks at RTC 
Its very hot and humid here , i miss cold weather . 
it raining .... a lot , going to sing some kareoke later . im going to rock the house ! 
going to crank some wu tang while playing marvle nemisis . 
Had fun at the beach yesterday . they barried me in sand and made me into a merman 
Stress full day today . Some people dont know how to do the simplest things , such as get a mop bucket from point a to point b without spilling it all over the floor . 
Finnnaly classing up on monday . HOOYAH ! going to finnish up at the bmo and then do some laundry . 
Went to patriots point today , looks like going on a sub aint going to be so bad after all 
I dislike briefs alot , its more exhausting than working for the bmo all day . 
Last day of briefs finnally over ! now imma go get some sushi and prep my uniforms for the super special emi that our class has to do . 
Im disliking Basic Electricity . 
Master Chief Petty Officer of the World . thats me 
Rocking my dress whites to sushi tonight . 
Laundry and studying today . then who knows what 
One of the most relaxing nights last night . now all prepped up an ready to go study for roughly 5 hours . 
Hooyah 23 hours of study for this week . 
Needs sleeping pills 3 hours of sleep isnt enough . so i will lace by blood with caffine again 
well going to eat for the first time today , then im going to put in roughly 3-4 hours 
To relieve stress , iv decided im getting a boxing chit . 
20 hours of study , got to wake up at 5 and study some more , then after school imma do the same thing . fml 
Hooyah no sleep ! 
Tomorrow is going to be epic . down town Charleston with the kewliest shipmates ever . and i get my tattoo sketches . HOOYAH ! 
Good day . and i got to sleep . 
laundry and study . its going to be a thrilling day . 
9 fucking hours in < PROPMALE > today . i lose a little bit of my soul when i enter that building . 
YAY 20-3s ! not so much 
Think about a nap then going back to < PROPMALE > 
Thank you all my shipmates family members and friends for wishing me a happy birthday 
I phased up . and imma get my tattoos tomorrow 
i got two of the 3 tats now to get my internet up in my room to post pics .... 
done before 9 . its a record for me at the < PROPMALE > . 
Had lost it at the end of the night . time to recharge the batteries and go at it in the morning again ..... 
Knocked out 3 hours of hardcore study . Now im prepped for be2 exam 
BE2 you just got raped . i prove everyone wrong by not failing 
Just one of those days ...... 
Imma < PROPMALE > , imma clown , imma G 
getting my tat done today . then going downtown and chilling until i have to come back and get my soul sucked out by rickover 
My new tattoo looks sick . i will post pics when i get someone to take a pic of it . 
done with be for the night , now to do an awesome river run tomorrow . 
Like the storm , i will rampage through you leaving disaster and chaos 
Nothing like a finnally with some good people and good stories to calm the storm 
So tear me open and pour me out , There's things inside that scream and shout , And the pain still hates me , So hold me until it sleeps 
There is a good theory that there are dementors in the walls of rickover 
Got my bills payd off , now to start a glorious weekend . 
Damn it over slept . ill be in < PROPMALE > thill about 2 or 3 . then im chillin with my boys motherfucker ! 
Just bought a dozen pairs of party shades . 
At < PROPMALE > till 900 then resting for BE3 
Chief \you all should take her in group study and pound the shit out of her\ " LMFAO " 
Betrayed eternally , I'll rip inside your soul , Contaminating the world 
NNPTC decided it was going to be kewl for one day . chilln for the night or whatever comes up 
Cant you see , tears wont wash out the rage 
Fuck it , ill go into < PROPMALE > for 8 hours tomorrow 
Just got 2 more tat ideas . there goes my legs . 
Come around and try and stomp on my ground , cuz im taking over . one city at a time . 
Live fast , live hard , and have fun doing it . 
Best PFA time ever !!! 
Woo Hoo fire alarm at 12 in the morning ! 
Phase 3 inspection , got my dress whites and everything ready to go 
Yay phase 3 , still dont know how i passed my inspection . 
Wish i was there 
Probably the best night i have had in a very long time . 
Another week starts again 
When the wolf cry you still see the wolfs teeth 
take one good look at me , eradicate what you will always be , Tainted flesh , polluted soul 
these walls aint holding me back , tell me where im at , i remain in control , uncontainable 
Passed E funds 1 hooyah 
I do believe my right arms are going to fall off in the not so distant future 
A night to remember . that is how good my night was . 
All i need is some bean bag chairs a lack of airs and a marathon of the price is right and then i freeze my recces peices 
Cant tear me apart 
All within this heart shaped box 
With nothing left of the dream that began 
Cash rules everything around me , cream , get the money 
Jazz makes babies gay 
Welcome to my nightmare , welcome to my breakdown . 
I am a marathon runner in the land of rickover . 8 hours 
I dont give a damn about nothing 
I am the Tin man 
I start to dream of somewhere to relax my restless flight , somewhere out of the memory of lighted street on a quiet night 
I am so happy i am a Havlik , therefore i never get lost i only take long detours 
It was a most excellent weekend 
Show me a god 
Nothing but walls but its alright , my back to the room in the corner all night 
Men build thing then we die , its in our fuckn dna . look around . do you think the men who built all of this had it easy ? 
No where is the dreamer , the misfit so alone 
I need to drown in flames to be free 
Tickets came in today . Children of bodum , Black label society . Next weekend is going to be epic 
there are 2 kinds of people in this world , you have your talkers and your doers . talkers just talk , but when all is said and done its the doers that change this world , and when this happens they change us 
Im hot like the human torch without no question 
I cant always say its going to be better tomorrow 
Why the smiles , becomes a waste of time again , i get this empty feeling that's only becoming my friend . 
I'll wait to the day's end when the < PROPFEMALE > is high And then I'll rise with the tide with a lust for life 
Ill Mass an army and harness a hoard , then we'll stomp across the land until we cant feel no more 
COD , and black label society tonight . should be amazing 
Rollin on my blessed hellride 
finally getting my voice back , still waiting for my lip to heal up . getting wings was a bad idea 
This is right this is wrong this is me 
Damaged maintained solemn 
............. 
Getting the door fixed tomorrow , but still dont know if we failed the room inspection . fuck this week 
They keep me locked up in this cage , cant they see why brain says to rage 
I passed E funds 5 . thats enough positive energy for the rest of the day . 
Needs to < PROPFEMALE > t on the all < PROPFEMALE > diet of ensure and apple sause again 
Lifes a bitch , and i am her pimp 
Chaplin orders : relax friday and saturday . 
Saw shinedown unplugged tonight , it was pretty amazing . 
We are going to use Garcia to steal diamonds 
Thinking ..... 
Booked my ticket back for christmas , cant wait to see everybody . 
Just hope for a regrade ...... 
Gangsta rap made me do it 
PPG party anyone ?!?!?!?! 
Today put me in a surreal disposition , just a great day . 
I finnaly found the < PROPFIRST > and coke buckle ! after my other one was < PROPFIRST > ed from my car 11 months ago 
Amazing night with a few good people . 
I am like < PROPMALE > hanson 
is Smooth like < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
at the brink of a breakdown 
I am now discovering that i acquire a Boston accent when im irritated 
If you smell some eggs frying , dont worrie its only my < PROPFIRST > 
worst feeling of my life probably was today when i had a legit panic attack . but in the end it all turns out , especially for the countless hours of busting my ass 
Finally figured out how to download movies and watch them 
got my supplies ready for a few marathons in the < PROPMALE > this week 
Going to Colombia tomorrow , cant wait ! 
Pretty amazing thanksgiving weekend . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > 
Its all a joke 
going to jam on the bass a bit before i go in and study for ice1 
I feel lower than low 
Beg and those dogs will lick and drink you dry 
Tired as fuck and drained of power 
My smile is forced , my mind is thinking madness , trying not to feed on this sadness 
I am my worst enemy 
12 days , now to just get through gp2 and gp3 
Judgment day tomorrow , this is where i hope all my hard work pays off 
Welcome to my breakdown 
Its a new day , time to start a clean slate 
Everything just clicked 
Good night out to get my mind off of things 
Take it army , whos the sub vol now 
6 More days and i will be home , i cant wait to see everyone again 
For the first time ever , a chief said \Fuck you\ " to me . lol . 5 more days " 
feelin good about the test tommorrow . 4 more days 
Passed my test today , now im on the down slope ready to go home . 3 more days . 
Got just a lil work to do within the next two days , then i come home for the first time in 8 months . 
Exactly 8 months ago tomorrow i left for boot camp and havent been home since . 1 more day and ill be unleashed on wisconsin 
Im Home 
I just got a new pokemon and its name is droid 
Having withdrawals from not studying 
That waitress was so nice she deserves a 5 dollar tip and my phone number lmao 
Great night out . Big day tomorrow . There is just so many activities to do . 
A nice feeling when old friends drop every thing just to see you 
Military id = trump card aginst cops 
Going back to reclaim my throne in hell . Wisconsin I bid you adue 
And the unpacking starts 
Executive decision ... going veggie again 
Watching 500 days of summer !!!! 
Got a cyanide sweet tooth 
Its better to burn out because rust never sleeps 
We are souls of a cold physical design . 
More than 4 fucking hours of homework . I will perfect the ever popular dance called the beckwith 
Iv just been had ! 
And they will look to the the skys and beg for to be saved , an I will respond no 
So there is ice in the trees in south < PROPFEMALE > . Wtf 
I grasp my throught , it makes my mind start to smoke , enforced mental overload 
Staying alive is the song of the day 
Failed room inspection . Fuck my life 
Out with the class . Oh fun time . And im not gay 
Going out to dinner with Gibbs and heis . Should be a fun time . And I got a new roommate 
Just bought my dress blues and ndub petty officer stuff 
?????? ?????? ?????? ???? ??????? 
Out of the blue and into the black 
Ak board monday .... judgment day 
As the day draws near , the more nervous I get . 
Just walking in a daze today . My brain is shot and im tired as fuck 
Its all up to the captin now 
Im not sad about it . I know I tried my best . The only thing is im going to miss these people that I have come to know over these last 6 months 
The word is missile tech 
Yay the first weekend in 6 month where I don't have to study 
My happyness curve is constant at a logic 1 
I care more than a care bear . 
Loving having a 5 hour lunch 
Tomorrow im going to be put on phase god mode and down to party 
After today I will not have to go into the rickover again 
First day at dtp 
Loitering on cliffs thinking about stuff like 
Out with the boys . Oh fun time 
duty today , just get up to muster then going back to sleep after a long night of fun 
pretty fun weekend . DTP isnt going to be that bad after all . 
She is my city and I am her spirit . God I love this movie 
Hooyah for getting fucked by the long hard < PROPMALE > of the navy 
I like the feeling after a long hard days work you get a pretty nice reward 
Well my whole weekend is prit much shot . Siq till sunday . Yay 
Im a motherfuckn monster 
Im going to be a ctn 
My boots look like a sexy cat woman 
Taxes done today , imma get a nice return 
Too many pretzles 
morning colors , then sleep till the next muster . 
tomorrow is going to be another fun filled day , just as long as i dont get in house , i dislike in house very much . 
I always curse the day people find out im more ticklish than the pilsburry dough boy 
Got my orders . I leave this place on tuesday and head to pensicola florida 
going out tomorrow for my last friday in sc . 
Great night with everyone . 
i dont think words can describe on how much of a good time i had tonight 
I pack up today . Leave for pesicola tomorrow . 
This is my goodbye for south < PROPFEMALE > . I am going to miss all the great people I have come to know down here and I . thank them for all the awesome times iv had these past few months 
Well its lookn like Ctn might be a nice stroll through hell again XD 
I almost forgot how funderfull indoc is 
Rising to the top fast . Im a deck leader !!!! 
Starting watch quals ... again 
Badge up today . Maybe class up next week 
Got my chit in . Friday phase 3 and tattoo ? 
Just an all around stressful day .... 
Tornado warning . Yesssss !!!!!! 
Wow . This is a rely small world 
I want me some macaroni pizza !!!! 
Tattoo tomorrow . Im prit excited for this one 
Oh I love the smell if tattoos . I will be posting pics soon 
Fresh tattoo plus physical activity = bad all around 
Yay room move >:( 
Guess who is gunna be cleaning the quad and my room till balls tonight . This guy 
Today I am a sea < PROPFEMALE > and I got to use the bfh 
Damn the sun 
Class up on monday . The only thing left for the weekend is to blacken the cursed sun 
Had a fun time at the beach with a few people I haven't seen in about a year 
Long day ahead of me 
You know its hard out here for a pimp 
X gon ' give it to ya 
Finally got glasses . 
First day of actual class tomorrow . And pt at 0430 . Hooyah 
I want to mess with my computer now 
Dress blue inspecion , watch from 1030pm-330am with a Shit ton of studying . Wow tomorrow is gunna suck 
Oh Imma be up for 24 hours yay 
I gotta stop watchn hustle and flow and get < PROPMALE > or die trying . Im gettn inspired to become a rapper 
Now let me get two stomps and a clapp in this bitch 
I stay dough boy fresh 
Its digital all over again 
There is one thing I don't apreciatate is haters and you sir are a hater 
Well this is new . Delay at school for lightning . 
Quote of the day . \Why they knockn on the door like they the police \"" 
Well all I need is a mic and some music software and then ill be able to release < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s first bomb beat 
Im officially changing my rapper name to DMAC 
Waffle house !!! 
Today was one of those days where I rely missed south < PROPFEMALE > 
Feeln like home again . Studied for 6.5 hours . Hahaha 
