Cars suck . They're usefullness as transportation is outweighed by the need to spend time at the mechanics and drain more money out of their owners pocket . 

Bowling tournament tomorrow in Salem ! Wish me luck ;) 
No class tomorrow ! Looking forward to sleeping in . 
House sitting for my Dad . Text me , I'm bored . 360.521.2929 
Is this really Monday ? I don't think it should be , the weekend went too quick . I vote for rewinding and starting Saturday over again . 
Just got home from the AFI concert in Portland ... it was amazing . Bought a poster and < PROPFIRST > ( drummer ) signed it ! 
What a useless week ... Pretty sure I accomplished nothing . Maybe I'll just go back to bed . 
High school Girl's Bowling Districts tomorrow . We'll see who brings it and makes it to state . 
EHS girls bowling lost going to state by NINE PINS ... Good bowling though girls ! You all rock , and we'll be back next year even better ! 
Whew long day today ... wish I had an hour for a nap . Oh wait , that was during math class ! 
Why does everything in the world revolve around money ? I'm the epitome of broke college student , and feel utterly trapped without the necessary green to keep my life afloat . Depressing much ? 
Bowling tournament in Portland tomorrow . Hope I bowl as well as I did today ... or better ! 
I'll never get tired of bowling better with my coach than with my Dad in adult/junior tournaments . How's that feel Dad ? Lol . 
Leaving for lambing school in Eastern Oregon until Tuesday . No internet in the middle of nowhere , so text if you need me ;) 
Back from lambing camp ! Boy was that an experience . The thing I missed most ? A shower ! 
Yes ! Just got the best news of the year ! I'm SO stoked ! 
I wish the economy didn't suck so much ( I'm not alone , I know ) . People need to go grocery shopping at Safeway so my store makes money and gives me hours . Scheduled hours this week : 0 
Hopefully only a couple more hours ... 
Found a half-dead lamb tonight . Warmed him up , tubed him , and gave him antibiotics . 8 hours later he's on his feet and thinking about bouncing around with his brother . Didn't think he'd make it when I found him . 
I never want kids . My nephew spending the night is more than enough . 
Huge relief ... Thank you for Grandma for saving money for my college expenses ! 
Opinions needed : which would you choose , < PROPMALE > , Florida or Anaheim , California ? 
is SO irritated with Safeway . It would be kinder to shoot me than do what they're doing . 
To anyone who has not seen < PROPMALE > Engvall's stand up routine : 15 degrees off cool ... Go watch it . Now . Youtube has it if you don't have netflix . It will make your life better ... at the very least your week . 
Whew just got a little good news . Just hope it all comes through :/ 
has been reminded of why , at times , she hates bowling with a passion . 
Who knew bowling was such a dangerous sport ? It's sent me to physical therapy a few times , and just tonight sent my Dad to urgent care with a severely pulled leg muscle . 
Off to work till 10pm . Whoo . Can you tell I'm excited ? 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Got official word back on my Dad's leg injury . His adductor muscle ( attaches the pelvis to the knee , aka a < PROPMALE > muscle ) was ripped from the pelvis . Completely . And the doctor said even though it hurts like hell , walk around . It'll help it heal correctly . Just don't , you know , put a lot of weight on it . -thumbs up- Thanks doc . 
Finally completed my training in the deli . So ... why do I still feel clueless about a lot of things deli-related ? 
Whoo hoo 300 game this morning at bowling ! ;) 
Car insurance companies are ridiculous . They've found a way to legally rip people off , especially young drivers . 
Food , Inc is a really good movie . If you care at all about the food you put in your body it's a must see , and then do something about it . Buy locally and eat less processed , packaged food loaded with sugar . And side note , our food system is so screwed up ( mostly huge companies that create monopolies are to blame ) . 
It's so nice outside ... and here I am , sitting on my lazy ass on the couch . In other words , I'm bored , and want to do something . Anyone got ideas ? 
My new Lister Legend sheep clippers were delievered today ! I was so excited when the UPS guy delivered them I know I looked like a huge dork but who cares ! I've got my clippers ! 
Off to spend the day with my Dad . He's got a BMW convertable while his is in the shop ... I'm glad the weathers nice ;) Time for some fun . 
Late night out with the bestie , had a spifftastic time at < PROPFEMALE>'s catching up ! Now it's time for bed , cause I'm pooped . 
I think I just want to skip April . Nothing exciting is happening ... Yeah , go straight from March to May . I like that idea :) 
Note to self : Don't leave a full spray bottle on top of your metal sheep fitting supplies . They will rust . 
How the HELL is Miley < PROPMALE > a freakin MENTOR ? No . She's not even a legal adult yet , and SHE CAN'T SING . If we hear any good singing this week it will be a miracle . Ew . I'm so disgusted with Idol feeling the need to conform to pop culture . 
So apparently there is a police resistance riot of some sort in Portland at the moment , and it's literally down the street , a block away from my Dad's house . That's real comforting . 
Off to a 4-H QA meeting . Maybe if I sit in the back they won't notice me nod off ? 
Whoa , Safeway scheduled my hours into the double digits ? What a crazy concept ... 
Finally got around to watching New < PROPFEMALE > ... and my official opinion is the acting sucks as bad as movie #1 , with very few exceptions . 
Haha < PROPFIRST > Quaid and < PROPFEMALE > DeGeneres make an amazingly hilarious team . Kudos to whoever thought up the prank on the delivery man , I hope someone explained to him after what happened . 
Sigh ... today wasn't nearly as exciting as I was hoping when I got out of bed this morning . 
The prospect of working the next five consecutive days is draining . Just the thought of it . On the other hand , people should come buy stuff from Safeway's deli ! We need more sales so the employees ( me ) get more hours ! 
Wow , you learn something new everyday ... If you put a slice of lemon in ice water in a blue cup , the lemon will look green , and fool you into thinking it's a lime . Well , it fooled me anyway ... 
This waiting is killing me ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > had an easy trip in the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Derby , and Eskendereya pulled away to win by 9 lengths in the Wood Memorial . On to the Kentucky Derby , first Saturday in May ! And now I'm off to work ... 
Who the hell thought standing in one place checking peoples groceries for 8 hours sounded like a good idea ? I hope they had to work lots of those shifts ... 
Whoo lamb feed was on sale $2 less than regular per bag , and I had a $10 coupon to top it off . A good day for saving money :) 
Figures , when I need to save money the most , I find myself in a < PROPMALE > Schwab waiting room watching some guy take a screw out of my tire . 
Wow , good to know that Rihanna not only sounds crappy in person but also sucks at lip syncing . Demonstrated tonight on Idol . Btw , what's with her lack of ability to sing more than one line : \Baby I'm a rockstar ! \"?" 
Alright , whoever thought of the idea to drizzle chocolate over caramel Crunch ' n Munch deserves to win an award of some sort . I dunno which , but a big one . They ( and the chocolately goodness itself ) have officially turned my boring depressing day into a wonderful night :) 
Really close Championship NCAA collegiate womens bowling today . Nebraska vs . Fairleigh Dickenson . We were rooting for Nebraska who had the better team fundamentally and technically , but FDU's girls pulled it out in the last game while Nebraska dropped the ball ( literally , at times ) . Oh well . 4-1 in the last ten years for the championship match isn't too bad , Nebraska . 
Sometimes , best case scenario is to watch Netflix movies all night . 
Sheared some lambs today ... they're looking and growing good . I don't like clipping shropshires though , too darn wrinkly . Spent the whole time trying to stretch and tighten their skin to get a decent shear job . 
It's sad when the cat and dog seem to be in a snoring contest ... apparently being judged on volume , length , and originality . 
Ugh I have a bad feeling about tomorrow . Humiliation , irritation , and exhaustion all wrapped up in a couple hours . Whoopee >:/ 
I wish that someday I'm < PROPMALE > and famous enough to drop expensive gadgets out my hotel window in NY and watch my loyal fans beat the crap out of each other trying to get the item like the guys on Diggnation.com did ... not that I enjoy seeing people beat the crap out of each other , but I like the idea of being that < PROPMALE > and famous :) 
Bowling tournament at Interstate tomorrow . Hope it goes better than the last . 
Nope sucked big time :/ Lots of other people we're doing fine , took +10 to make the top five in my division , +30 for Classic division . Seemed like everytime I got lined in the oil would move down within a couple frames and then I was back to praying it would hit the pocket . 
Beach anyone ? Sounds wonderful to me . Enough of this overcast muggy weather . 
MmMmm homemade chocolate covered strawberries ... Delicious ! 
Whew that was a struggle . I'm reminded of why I don't like talking on the phone and trying to arrange an event around four different peoples schedules . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > couldn't look anymore skanky tonight on < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > if she tried . That and her make up makes her look like a druggie . 
Why oh why I ask myself . And the answer is never one that I like . 
Where the heck did the cream cheese go ? I opened a new container this morning , and just now I was all set to enjoy a bagel and cream cheese only to open the fridge and fine ... no cream cheese ! I'm utterly confused . No way could my mom have eaten the while container in one day ... nor was it in the trash . It wasn't hiding behind the milk or the eggs on the shelf ... 
Off to the third day of a six day work week . At least my paycheck will be pleasantly fat ... 
Has someone in mind she'd like to strangle . He's a big fat faker . And a bigger gossip than most females . 
Beach tomorrow ! YESSSS ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > advertises a random community event around the country every few days , and tonight he advertised a fish taco tasting event in ... guess where ... < PROPMALE > City , OR ! The exact city I'm visiting at the moment . That never happens ! 
This is so annoying ... 
Kentucky derby time ! And I have to go to work :( 
Grrrr ! Why can't people just tell me if they have a problem with me ? Instead of ignoring phone calls and messages , because that solves NOTHING ! 
Finally , the day I've been waiting for for seven months has come ! Lambs will be arriving in less than six hours ! 
Jeez , go through a couple hellish days and then jump right to peaceful and content . Wish I knew how to spread out the extremes to a little each day . 
Awww there was just a huge crack of thunder and my old scaredy dog jumped up and hid under the coffee table next to me ... which she doesn't completely fit under . And her attempts to make herself fit are pathetic but mildy funny . 
Rain rain go away , I've had enough of you for a few days . My lamb's pen is all muddy now , thanks a ton :/ 
Anyone have a large ( 3x3 ft or larger ) mirror they want to get rid of or sell cheap ? It's ok if it's broken/cracked , so long as chunks aren't missing out of the middle or the whole thing is spider-web cracks . Let me know , please ! Need one badly . 
I love my little car . But at times , I wish I could push a button to make it bigger . 
Good day at the 4-H in Action/Youth Jamboree . Llamas were parading up and down the main way , dogs had four show rings going , and cats , cavies , and poultry all had shows . Wish we had more public , but such is life . 
3 hours putting a fence up in the lamb's pen , shower , quick brunch with mom , work 8 hrs with a new guy who doesn't listen . I'm exhausted . Even the hard wood floor would be an acceptable place to sleep . But I still have to go feed the lambs . And in the rain no less ! 
It's not a good concert unless you're forcefully becoming friends with people on every side , fighting for fresh oxygen , sweating buckets and exchanging it with others , and screaming the lyrics back at the band . Wouldn't have it any other way . Well , maybe less waiting to get in and quicker set changes ... 
It's such a beautiful day outside ... Yet I'm not motivated to get anything done . 
No Triple Crown this year , Lookin at Lucky stole it away from Super Saver . Not that Super Saver was in contention after the second turn ... 
I love craigslist . So many people selling stuff that they don't know the value of . Just paid $50 for something that I would/could have sold for $250 . Cha-ching ! 
Trying to make sense of the weather . Forcast last night was rainy the next few days , yet this morning it was warm and < PROPFEMALE > . Halfway through feeding my lambs , clouds roll in and down the rain comes ! Weather predicting is definitely not on my list of career options . 
Grrr I hate driving in Portland with a passion . ESPECIALLY < PROPFIRST > Blvd . We have a dark and angry past . 
Grrr ... 9am : pouring rain . 10am : < PROPFEMALE > , little breezy . 1pm : sprinkling , still breezy . 2pm : pouring . 4pm : < PROPFEMALE > again ! I'm afraid to look out the window in an hour ... Pick a weather category and STAY , sky ! You're driving me crazy here ! 
Needs something to do , seriously bored . Already went to work , finished my book , and watched netflix for several hours . Now I want to go interact with people or something . Anyone got ideas ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > may rule at beer pong against < PROPFEMALE > White but he doesn't have anything on < PROPFIRST > Trump's remote control boat driving skills ! 
My mom and I were coming up with titles for Lost if they ever do another show . We narrowed it down to Really Lost , or Lost : Again ;) 
So bored . And not looking forward to tomorrow :( 
Hmmm fed lambs with < PROPFEMALE > , then headed to < PROPFEMALE>'s for a late night milk shake run . Twas a good night :) 
Just got an email that made my day ! :))))) 
My mom just got me some awesome Scooby Doo band aids for my burns from the deli :) They're so cool , you'd be jealous if you saw them . 
Off to shear some lambs this morning . Show time tomorrow ! 
Got my first speeding ticket ! On the way to a sheep show , rushing to bring the fitting supplies that people forgot . Boy was that awesome . Can kiss this paychec and some of the next goodbye . 
Seriously sleepy day . Tentative plans kept getting cancelled , so I ended up watching Law and Order reruns on Netflix most of the afternoon . Ah well , working lots this week so I guess I should conserve my energy anyway . 
Wishing a bag of money would fall out of the sky . Doesn't seem so impossible with so much rain doing the same thing . 
Mom and I finally got started on the garden . With all the rain the plants would have been ruined if we'd planted them before now . Got the soil turned over , some seeds and started plants bought ... Now we just wait for the sky to dry up a bit and we can get them in the ground ! 
Loooong ass day . Worked till midnight last night , up at 5:30 this morning to load up the lambs , weighed them in at the fairgrounds , then unloaded the lambs . Off to the regional CFA show for a couple hours , then to a family reunion . Two hours on 205 because of bridge construction that is taking FOREVER to finish , which should have been a 20 minute drive , then back to work till midnight . I'm so ready for bed . 
Wishes Sunday would hurry up and get here ! Doesn't help that I can't sleep therefore time is dragging by even slower . 
I need an overweight serial killer ( or some crime equally as bad ) to test a medication theory of mine on . Anyone got someone that fits that description locked up in their basement or something ? Potentially ( if it works ) I could cure/heal two things at once ! 
I already know today won't be any good . Why ? Because it started just like the last two . 
ODOT you are retarded . The end . 
So ... A lady came through my checkline tonight wearing a very large vest ... with no shirt on beneath it . Bra was very visable . Ok , not their weirdest thing I've seen from the customers . What moved it to the top five was as she was walking away , I realized , she had no pants on ! No short shorts either , I could tell . Not that I wanted to . 
Had a pretty good weekend + Monday ... but I have to drag myself back to work in the morning , and I'm not looking forward to it . Sigh . 
Some of the lambs have sore mouth . Can only hope and pray they all get over it by August 11th . 
It just gets better and better ( being sarcastic ) . 
I hope the spider gods don't come after me for revenge ... I killed at least 15 of their children today . 
16 days ! So far away yet time is passing FAR too quickly ! 
Maybe ... just maybe , things are falling into place ? 
Fair starts in three days ! Where did the time go ? Still so much to get ready ... Oh , if anyone plans on coming , I've got a limited number of extra gate and parking passes . Call/text/message me asap if you're interested . 
How is it that my 7 year old nephew never fails to win Monopoly agianst my mom and I ? I haven't beat him once , not sure what the score is between him and his grandma . Is it a sign that the leaders of this country should take the mindset of a 7 year old to get the country out of it's financial problems ? Or maybe just 7 year old advisors ... 
Way too many up and down emotions today . Add standing for hours , walking around , and clipping lambs to the mix during my 18 hour day at the fairgrounds and I'm officially emotionally and physically drained . Just want to go to bed and sleep for a week . Not to mention I'm extremely nervous about tomorrow ... 
First and second in weight class 2 :) No grand or reserve , they just weren't heavy enough . Oh well . One of my first year 4-Her's lambs took reserve grand lamb though , very happy for her ! On to tomorrow : showmanship ! 
Phew , hardest class in fair is over : showmanship . But hey , out of 24 seniors and 60ish kids total , I managed to pull off reserve senior showman and reserve supreme showman . Pretty darn pleased with that ... nice way to finish up my final year in 4-H too ! Auction time tomorrow ! 
Only one day left of fair , can you believe it ? Lambs sold in the Auction today , I do believe I made a little money , surprisingly , seeing as my expenses were twice the amount of previous years . Hey , big thanks to my buyers : < PROPFIRST > LineWeber and Orchards Feed Mill ! And ALL the buyers who added on ! Round < PROPFIRST > tomorrow , no way I'll win but might as well have some fun pretending to know what I'm doing :) 
Alright ready to be blown away ? Some of you guys have been following my updates and I'm honored I'm interesting enough :) So on to the big news : Today was large animal Round < PROPFIRST > ... Like I said yesterday , I was planning on walking in and having fun , don't want to stress about it ... I won . Well sorta . Reserve Champ Senior showman and Reserve Champ Master ... Like , of all species and all kids . CRAZY . 
All moved in at Oregon State . For seven sheep we have three pens ... but our tack room is four long ! Ahh , leg space ! Tomorrow : ... Let the shearing begin ! 
Ahh , trash can diving to find a missing tack box key . Did we find it ? Nope . But we found lots of other stuff that we couldn't identify . And got LOTS of stares from the public ! 
Ah nothing like getting dumped to the bottom of the spring ewe lamb class without even a glance . Apparently club lambs are supposed to be medium plus in frame size ... Right . Good thing we expected it . 
My mind was just blown away . 
Work at 5am tomorrow . Boy am I excited ... 
I've started watching LA Ink again ... and my craving for a tattoo has been renewed x50 . Unfortunately , the funds are still not available to make that happen . 
Throughly cleaned inside the couch tonight , down all the sides behind the cushions ... amazing the stuff I found . Sure won't need to buy pencils/pens for class this year ! An old necklace I thought was stolen ( oops ) , a remote from 8+ years ago , and all those chapsticks that mysteriously go missing ... 
About to start my first 40 hour work week ... Not exactly looking forward to it . Just the paycheck at the end :) 
Hahaha ! 9 months ago the east coast had a massive snow storm that kept people mostly holed up in their homes ... area hospitals are now reporting a minor baby boom ... 
On my way to state for livestock judging . Praying to make the top 4 so I can go to nationals ! 
Shut the door on an old life . Today is the beginning of a fresh start . 
Ugh ! Why must I be tortured with the same immature person in BOTH my classes ?! It's just not fair :( 
Ha ! Finished all my homework . What's that ? It's only the second day of the quarter ? Yep , I know :) 
Quite displeased that my $298 paycheck was instead $246 . Thank you taxes , you are worse than union dues . 
What would my mother do without me ? Ruin the netflix return envelope , thats what . We've only had netflix oh , six months now . Still doesn't get how to open the envelopes . 
Math homework ( all three assignments ): check . Studying for psych test : no check . Sigh . 
Super bored tonight . Wanting to go out and do something but no one's available ! :/ 
Someone stole my debit card info and has been using it online . Oh what great fun this will be ! 
There is no doubt in my mind , my mom and I would fail spectacularly if we tried to go into carpentry as a career . The proof lies in our dismal attempt at fixing our fence . 
\That's your position ? A fake's no good but a fake fake is ok ? \ " Best line I've heard yet in this show . " 
So I decided to do a complete cleaning/organization of my room ... My bed is now covered in clothes , I've got bags of stuff for donation and trash , and my room definitely looks no closer to being clean . It's gonna be a long night . 
The older I get , the more I hate getting older . Can I go back just a couple years ? 
It's snowing ! :) 
\I think your clock and me are becoming good friends . \ " :) " 
I would really appreciate it if people would stop calling in \sick\ " to work . Doing twice the work in the same amount of time is getting really old really fast . " 
Looking forward to a day off tomorrow . 
I'm pretty sure that's snow falling outside my window ... This makes things interesting ... 
I finally get a shift that doesn't have me working till 10pm , and my plans fall through . Figures ! Now I'm helluv bored , anyone want to do something ? 
I feel like parts of my life are becoming a reality show without the cameras :( I hate drama . 
How can one night complicate everything so much ? :( 
Really don't feel like going to work today ... 8 hrs of $5 Friday is gonna suck . 
In a GREAT mood :) Hoping things keep going the way they're going . 
Lovin that I woke up to snow this morning ... Now I just wish I could go back to sleep . 
Got an interview at a vet clinic ! So excited ! 
Interview seemed to go great :) Now I have a working interview next week ! 
Blueberry :) 
Day 5 of this cold , wish it would just go away . Making sandwiches for people sucks when my throat is on fire . 
Getting ready to leave for the bowling tournament ... Still haven't kicked this cold but hopefully I can ignore it and bowl well . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! It made me smile all day at work :) 
Do you think I would get fired if I murder one of my coworkers ? Cause she's asking for it . If it helps , my boss doesn't care for her either . 
