finally has the internet <3 ... hallelujah 

is in Mexico .. with my family ... but surviving lol . Missing my baby !!!! 
can't wait to have her first full night's sleep in a week . Fingers crossed !! 
is keeping her fingers crossed . 
not feeling well . 
is about to go < PROPFEMALE > out with her best friend and her Freakin ' Awesome Puppy !! Yay for friends and puppies :) Lol . 
is so Super-Not excited about her biology test today . Fingers crossed ! 
lost a war with a curling iron and burned all right-hand fingers . Lol !!! 
eyes hurt . ouch . 
is sick , probably with strep throat . Who knows ? And the day before the big interview , Of Course ! 
got the job !!! YAY !!!! Still sick tho lol . But YAY !!!! 
Still sick and bored out of my mind . 
Not very optimistic about schedules working out between new job and little par t-t ime job . Little par t-t ime job might just get scrapped . Oh well ! 
lunch with < PROPFIRST > , yay ! 
losing every trace of sanity . 
worked a double on my second day . So tired !! Back to work at 9 Lol . 
about to watch G.I. Joe .... not expecting much . Lol . 
has actually had a relatively constructive and pleasant day ... how unusual Lol :) 
worked hard and ready to relax :) 
Facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ....... haha i love my circles !!!! 
had fun with < PROPFEMALE > tonight :) Woo-hoo for fun with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
feeling underestimated and sick of the sugar-coated half-truths . 
more than a little bored 
so ready for break !!!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody :) 
working 2-midnightish today , then 11-midnightish tomorrow , and then 9:30 -4ish on Sunday . So not excited . See everyone after the weekend ! 
got to work for the meeting . Manager said \I knew I forgot to tell Somebody that the meeting was cancelled ! \ " Thanks Moron . Back at 5 Anyways " 
just got some great news :) I will go to sleep happy . 
going to work , working a double tomorrow and the next day . Hope everyone has a good weekend ! 
no work till Friday ! Yay !!! 
going to crash the C-B Christmas party tonight !! 
gets paid today ! Finally ! Then taking an exam and then < PROPFEMALE > is going to attempt to get me some math skills Lol . 
lunch with < PROPFEMALE > . Yay :) 
not even the tiniest bit excited about going to work tonight , lol . 
has \If You Only Knew\ " stuck in my head in a way that has becoming almost annoying . Still love the song !!! " 
goin to < PROPFEMALE > out with Ri-Ra :) Again lol . 
just got home from work . What a fun night . Ha ha . 
is ready for the semster to be over . Two days down !! Haha :) 
thought I would Never get out of work tonight . Seriously . It's nearly 1 am . This is stupid lol . 
would like to know who keeps calling me from a restricted number . I will eventually remember who that voice belongs too ... 
very very bored . 
So glad my double is OVER !!! Yay for tomorrow :) Party-time ! Hope I'm actually awake for it , haha :) 
SO glad this weekend is over ; hopefully the rest of the week will fly by a little less eventfully . 
spending the night with Ri-ra !!! 
going to class and then straight back to work for the rest of the day . Woo-hoo ! 
ready to toss the computer ( and the effin ' printer ) out the window :( 
somewhat agitated . 
can't hide anymore !!! Lol ! ( inside joke ) 
ill . 
has the day off somehow and will probably be bored out of my skull all day . Text me ! :) 
Thank you Mr Park Ranger ... whoever you are ... for unlocking the gate to let us out , Lol ! Did Not want to sleep at < PROPFIRST > Mt tonight !!! 
i love chocolate milk . 
some people have a lot of nerve . But at least it's entertaining ! 
havin fun at hollys ! 
sing-a-long at hollys Lol ! Baby got back !..... 
got to talk to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Steele ! I miss her so much ! 
Going to be bored outta my mind tonight :( 
Can't sleep due to foolish scary movie watching right before bed ... DUH ME ! :P 
very , very ill . Very ill . Blood might be shed ... 
ready for tonight :) 
really sick and wishing my mom was still here ! 
real food again YAY 
has a lot on my mind and needs some prayer for direction . 
wishing my spanish report would finish itself 
23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA , 10,000 in AZ and 17,000 in IL . NJ , FL & NY are cutting teachers jobs & reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise and educate our kids get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers copy and paste this into your status 
has joined up , once again , with one of my stinkiest partners in crime !! ;) 
It is National Doughnut Day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
WHITE CHRISTMAS !!! 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by Dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people WON'T copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post . ( hahaha ) 
Quite sick . I feel like death . 
today is Rare Disease Day ! <3 the family bwahaha 
In the month of March , our nation's unemployment sank to 8.8% , a two-year low . YAY ! 
SIX FLAGS !!!! 
I saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > on my way home tonight !!! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!!! 
