Can anyone tell me when's City's class of 89 ' reunion is this month or did I miss it already ? 

Thank you FB family for all the Birthday Greetings , I really appreciate it ! 
Well , by the Grace of God , our trip to < PROPFEMALE > is quickly approaching . As a matta of fact , it's n 8 days and I'm sooo lookin forward to what God is going to do when we get there . U talkn bout healns , miracles , n blessins .......... won't have room enuff 2 receive . 
Our < PROPFEMALE > trip has been postponed til Saturday but to God be the < PROPFEMALE > cuz He knows all things that's best for us . 
We arrived in < PROPFEMALE > about 9pm last night . The flights were excellent and very smooth . We are having a glorious time and enjoying the fellowship with one another . Trust all things are well back in the states . ; as tomorrow has dawned here , we are wide awake trying to adjust to the 7 hr . time difference . 
WE truly thank God for his everlasting mercy and grace . 
Oh , how excellent is thy name in all the earth ! 
What was that ? Eat all of it u Celtics fans ! 
AND WAT ? 
** I blee , blee , blee , THAT'S ALL FOLKS . ** ( In my Porky pig voice ) LOL ! 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friends list ? Here's a task \ 
for you ..... I want all my fb friends to post how you met me . After you \ 
comment copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you \ 
get ..... ( This should be funny ! ) 
just wondering .... who remembers Mrs. Ihries potato chips ? 
Blessed Birthday 
( Singing ) Get right with God and do it now .. get right with God , He will show u how .. trust and obey , there's no other way .. Get right with God , get right , get right with God ! 
I thank God for seeing the \mess\ " in me and placing \ " His Best\ " in me to clean me up ! " 
I thank God that happiness is not found in things ( whatever those things may be ) but happiness is in knowing Him . \ 
The Bible says , \Happy is that people whose God is the Lord . \"" 
Today as I celebrate another year of life ; I'm grateful to God for all his lovingkindness , tender mercy , and favor He has shown to me down through the years and I just want to say , \Lord I Thank You ! \"" 
I want to take this time to THANK all my family members and friends for your blessings , well wishes , and greetings on this special day that the Lord has made . It really did my heart good to receive all the thoughts and encouragements . Thanks Again ... God bless you all . 
is just getting in from my cousin Neka's wedding ... it was sooo beautiful ... she deserves it cuz she's been through a lot in her life but God has given her a saved young man who cares , loves , and cherishes her and their daughter and I'm sooooo glad for them . Bless you both Mr. and Mrs. Marshburn ! 
is thinking how there are so many wonderful benefits that come with serving the Lord and everybody wants to enjoy the benefits but no one wants to serve Him . Hmmmmmm ! 
To my sisters to whom I just sent that msg bout going out , please beg my pardon .... I definitely meant the 22nd of October . 
Someone on facebook challenged all believers to put this on their wall . In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father . This is a simple test . If you love Jesus and you are not afraid to show it repost this . No fear here !!! 
My grandmother has gone on home to be with the Lord . I'm so glad she has moved from labor to reward but one thing for certain ... I will surely miss her sooooooooo much . I'll Always Love You MOMMA ! 
To all my facebook friends if u all will assist me to win this contest .. i would greatly appreciate it .... ( The Shack Nd Pack Friday Facebook Fan Of The Week ! ) Go to ShackNdPack fb < PROPFEMALE > and click the ' Like ' button under the post for < PROPFEMALE > Prah ( no comments please ) to help me win . The more ' likes ' the better my < PROPMALE > . Thank You ! 
