< PROPMALE>'s corndogs smell goooood . lol . 

Please keep Boxers in your thoughts , prayers , hopes or whatever it is that you do . I think she got attacked by a coon Sunday night and she's not up to date on her shots . She's got two infected wounds and we can't afford to take her to a vet so I'm stuck doing home remedies and hoping they help and crossing my fingers that the coon doesn't have rabies . If anyones got any good tips about what to do about it message me . 
One of Boxers cuts has a swollen lump under it . It looks like the puss hardened and it's probably going to turn into an absses . I'm trying to contact places that will pay for a vet for her . If it goes untreated she might end up dying . She's also not wanting to walk on it at all this morning . I'm afraid that in a few days she won't be able to walk at all . :( 
Just gave Boxers her morning peroxide . I only poured it in the wound thats got the hard ball of puss in it . I squeezed all the puss out I could and poured peroxide on it . She's limping worse now , I hope it's helping her and not making it worse . 
Boxers is feeling a lot better today . She even felt well enough to climb on moms car lol . Its a lot better than she's been doing . The swelling's gone down on the wounds but they still bubble a lot from the peroxide but they look a lot better . Unfortananlty she got attacked by a cat today . 
Boxers is acting 100% better today ! She's been gone walking around most of the day . She actually met me on the porch this morning ! She's still got a slight limp but not bad . She's really feeling and acting more like the < PROPFEMALE > I know and love ! :) 
I'm bored . Someone call me ! ( Esspecially if you're verizon ! ) 
I can't believe he's leaving . I'll miss him so much but I know if he stays things will never go back to the way they were . 
Yep ... Boxers is now my profile pic ! lol . I love my < PROPFEMALE > . 
If he cared so much then how come it was so easy for him to run to the next girl that showed interest ? 
Anyone know and cute sweet guys around my age ? lol 
I just made my first cake , lol 
Beer solves all of lifes issues . lol 
I want biscuits ! 
Yay I made it to Florida safely ! lol . 
I don't have much internet access so I'm sorry for not being on as much . Give me a call ! 
It's freaking cold down here ! lol . Give me a call , I'd love to talk to you ! 
I dropped my phone in the ocean and lost all my contacts . Now I have a new phone so feel free to call me so I can get your number again . lol 
Don't text me ...... lol . I successfully killed another phone . I still get calls though ! 
