Go Ohio ! 

is excited OH-IO kicked Oregon's butt ! 
I'm excited I get to meet my class this Wednesday ! 
is looking at honeymoon places !! 
i'm happy that COFC has amazing professors ! 
wow .. exciting life right now .. i'm typing astronomy notes if anyone is interested in why the earth has water ... i'm your girl to ask . 
bakers ... bakers 
is looking at possible bakers .. mmm cake testings ! 
astronomy test this morning , phone calls to baker , and hopefully some pictures tonight 
loves her engagement pictures :) 
http://www.theknot.com/ourwedding/TiffanieVassar&JohnKessler 
has had the best cake tasting ever .... i'm in love . 
cake tasting again ! + today ! = me excited 
A.C. moore is on my bad side . They will have a < PROPMALE > to make that up tomorrow 
People on facebook are to sensitive . Facebook is for real women ! 
I feel like chicken to night ... da da da 
is cleaning and then off to work .. oh the joys of life ... 
off to meet < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for bridesmaid dress and dinner ! so excited it's a big lil reunion lol ! 
cleaning , making appointments , and work 
why do people post personal information here .... this is facebook not sympathy book . 
off to work i go hi ho hi ho 
class- then lab --- home -- study ! Exciting don't be to jealous ! 
not a good night ... rained on .. couldn't see driving home ... dropped my phone in a water puddle .. then a car ran over it ..... and i broke a nail hopefullly tomorrow will be better :( especially when i order my new phone ... 
yay ! order new phone this morning ... check on parents cat .... then get my wedding gown !!! and have dinner with the in laws and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
need < PROPFIRST > ! send them to me in my inbox so i can add them to my new phone 
helpin parents take back rental car ... clean .... and going to meet with chef for the wedding 
had a dream about professor snape ... wtf .. lol 
just watched a haunting in conneticut ... scary .... 
So < PROPFEMALE > picked London a man with no job , no home , and sticks for legs .... they'll last a long time i'm sure . 
cleaning house and spending all day with < PROPFIRST > yay ! for thursday ! 
studying and work ..... boy i'm lucky . 
studying for final tomorrow , work tonight ! 
4 months to go untill the wedding ! so excited ! 
I think i could spend all day just looking at stuff about weddings online ... 
weddinng stuff is confusing . 
internet o internet why do you distract me . 
dress fitting number 3 today ! 
fitting 4 next friday ; however for now at least i have all the bride maid dresses and shoes ! that's a start 
Accentuate the positive and eliminate the negative . Don't mess with Mr. Inbetween ! 
Are you kidding me .... please life tell me you are . 
is dead tired ! 
giving the dogs a bath , dress fitting number 4 , and then off to work ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Birthday today ! work this afternoon and then meeting family for birthday dinner ! yay ! 
church , breakfast with dad , halloween 2 , then to dinner at california dreaming ! yay for 2 years with < PROPFIRST > ! 
oh 5 am how do I love to see you come every morning :( Off to school I go in the thunder storm . 
may go crazy ... it is on the fence 
PLT studying woohoo .,.... 
making invitations , then to church , then to meeting the music director , then home for dinner and a scary movie ! 
Hopefully we'll have new members of the family today ! yay ! p.s. 3 months until the wedding !! 
what an amazing day 3 months until my wedding , my future sister in law had her twins today , and Phi Mu took in 63 new girls ! 
PLT TOMORROW MORNING = ME STUDYING ALL DAY FRIDAY ! PRAY FOR ME ! 
I have survived 
praxis this morning , lunch at laha !, shopping , then church , then down to writing a paper ... so exciting .. I live for Saturdays 
Dirty Dancin and road house two of my faves !! rip < PROPFIRST > swayze 
just got a pink snuggie !!! oh the joys !!!!! 
Monday .. not off to a good start . 
what would you do for a klondike bar ? 
is having a very productive day ... If at first you feel stressed ... you must do ! 
rain rain go away come again another day ... 
JUST EARNED A RECOGNITION OF EXCELLENCE ON THE PRAXIS PRINCIPALS OF LEARNING TEST !!!!! I'M SOOOO EXCITEDDDDDDD 
needs the weekend . 
is tired of rain . 
is stressed 
is now CPR certified and first aid certified 
work , work , work 
Bridal pictures are done ! yay ! next up wedding shower tomorrow !!! 
Had a fantastic weekend and loved her bridal shower ! many thanks to everyone who came and sent beautiful presents ! 
I love vampire diaries 
lost a section of her classroom management plan ... I love doing things twice 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN ! 
is annoyed with tmobile and their service problems . 
is making her study guide for the other praxis test .... 
Will have a praxis study guide by the end of today . 
Will have an amazing life once this saturday is over ! 
praxis is over ! life can begin ! 
Is excited about her bachlorette party ! 
made it through her bachlorette party ! 
6 days until my birthday 11 days until my wedding ! yay ! so excited love november and december ! 
5 days until my birthday 10 until my wedding ! 
happy Thanksgiving everyone !!!!! hope everyone has a yummy day ! 
Decorating the Christmas tree with < PROPFIRST > and the puppies AND listening to christmas music ! Love it ! 
1 day until my birthday and 6 days until my wedding ! 
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY ! YAY ! 5 days until the wedding ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! 4 days until the wedding ! 
2 days until the wedding ... so busy i will be living off of coffee today . 
getting married tomorrow ! lets hope i don't mess up or trip on my train 
today i'm getting MARRIED !! yay ! Today will be an adventure ! see many of you soon ! 
so before we leave for our pre honemoon i thought i'd share . Somthing kept getting stuck to my pantyhose under my dress allnight and i would just keep pushing it out of the way . As I got home and fianlly checked I found someones curler stuck with in the 50 layers of the slip .... so if anyone is missing her pink roller I have it . lol 
has passed the multiple choice praxis test of doom ! 
Why aren't our placements posted online ? This is perhaps the worst wait ever . 
will be student teaching in a 4th grade class at newington elementary in Summerville ! 
has passed all 3 sections of the praxis , made all A's which means I have a 4.0 in education classes .. forever !, and am married now ! WooHOO ... now about that teaching job ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! Hope < PROPFEMALE > Visits everyone tonight ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas 
Only a teacher goes to < PROPFIRST>'s Fun Park and walks away with 89 assorted erasers and feels proud of herself . 
getting ready and then lunch with < PROPFIRST > ! 
I heart SingStar . 
The < PROPMALE > of note passing still amazes me 
wonders why it takes the post office 2 weeks and 3 days to send back a piece of mail .... 
is excited to see her wedding pictures soon :) 
seminar today then out and about with < PROPFIRST > . 
tomorrow my clinical practice starts ! Yay ! 
I want to know who also got into the nonviolent crisis intervention class ? so I know if i'll have a < PROPMALE > there . 
is watching a marathon of hoarders 
hi ho .. hi ho ... it is off to school I go ! Have a great day everyone ! 
You know your a teacher when : you get class songs stuck in your head \ you take your bottom number to the top and multiply \"" 
Officially put in her first set of grades in to the grading book and started her bulletin board on space ! 
Just got a cricut for < PROPFIRST>'s day ! I love my < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
loved all of her Valentines from her kids 
faculty follies went amazing ! go forth grade !! 
I think someone needs to invent a new student desk that has a lid that slides over the front to prevent kids from playing inside of it ! 
I'm looking forward to the weekend ! Oh how i appreciate Friday's now ! 
one day this cold will go away ........ 
is so sick , home from school 
TGIF 
Almost TGIF 
I think i'm going to go out and look at cars today ! 
Now owns a 2010 300c hemi ! 
2 days until spring break ! woohoo ! 
grading papers on spring break ! and watching trading spouses 
can't believe that spring break is almost over ! 
hit the < PROPFIRST > pot twice at < PROPFIRST>'s! go me ! 
yay just received the 2010 oustanding elementary education undergraduate award from CofC yay !!! 
helped birth puppies yesterday ! 
is wondering how in the world I am going to say goodbye to all of my students tomorrow :( 
student quote of the day : Teacher : What were the Northerners called during the civil war ? student : Yankees Teacher : Very good now what were the Southerners called ( no answer from students ) Teacher : Remember it starts with an R Student : Redneck ? 
pretty sure I had the best day ever besides having to say goodbye to my kids . They had a surprise party for me . My teacher got me a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > book bag , my classes all made me about 70 good bye cards , and I got framed pictures of both of my classes with signatures on the back of the frame and messages . I also got hugs from everyone ! 
off to picnic and grad rehearsal 
received my award today ! yay ! went to Caifornia Dreaming for dinner and about to go to a play ! BUsy but great day ! 
graduation and then dinner ! 
Happy Mother's day to everyone but especially to my mom < PROPFEMALE > Vassar and < PROPFEMALE > kessler ! 
going to pick up the diploma today ! yay ! 
can I just say I cannot believe that Saks is leaving and forever 21 is taking its place ..... 
had a great day at the kids field day today ! 
shrek 3 ! 
there is something about doing the dishes that excites me ... NOT 
going to see my students talent show yay ! 
enjoying the long weekend with my < PROPFEMALE > 
2 interviews tomorrow and I am nervous as heck ! 
is reading the first days of school and loving it ! and Mr. < PROPMALE > Wong ! if you don't have it teachers buy it ! 
just ordered some class supplies ... excited ! 
puppies have their first vet appointment today ! 
is a new aunt ! yay Bishop ! Congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
watching a marathon of Trueblood ! 
woohoo ! USA !!! 
so ... i just pulled a splinter out of my tongue .... must say that's the first time that has happened .... darn skewer sticks ! 
took my dog to the vet ... thought I felt a lump ... vet said ... no worries that's just his love handles ... 
i'm so excited ! I can't wait until school starts ... and i love school supplies .... so exciting !!!! 
my puppies are to cute ! especially in their outfits ! 
Home from Louisiana ! had a lot of fun ! 
Has anyone else done themes in their classrooms ? I'm thinking about a movie theme but don't know ... give me your opinion ! 
super excited to find 50 cent water bottles ! 
yay charleston has made it to one of the top tennis towns ! 
i'm currently watching two 5 lb dogs and one 80 lb dog play tug a war .... the 5 lb dogs are winning ... 
The play was fantastic ! 
has successfully not only created a list of all her books and their reading levels , but created labels for the books with this information .... feeling pretty spiffy right now ! 
ordered a vocabulary flocabulary book ( super excited ) , picking up white boards today , and any other things I can get my hands on ! 
Dear Cricut ... I love you ! Cutting out stars ! and letters 
day one of training down ! 
I am so thankful for all the blessings in my life ! 
Good morning Saturday ! 
so can't wait until tomorrow .... staples has 25 cent sissors and 1dollar multipurpose paper ... is it sad this excites me ? 
just to let teachers know if you have a staples teacher card you can get 20 packs of paper for 5 cents each ! also at home depot there are 5 cent pencil sharpeners , 25Cent sissors , and 25 cent poly binders 
First official day tomorrow ! 
first day with kids tomorrow ! 
What an amazing day my students were absolutely terrific ! Onward to day 2 ! 
watching the panthers game and making smartboards 
i'm loving it ! 
I now know the true meaning of Friday ! 
so just seen the last exorcism ... I must say i've never been in a theater where when the movie ended people actually snickered and made comments ..... on a scale of 1-10 this movie gets a 2 ! 
Just got the new samsung dual view ! I love it ! 
Back to school after an amazing weekend :) 
GO OHIO ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s got talent tonight OOOO 
happy thursday ! 
would like to know why the post and courier has decided to post how terribile teachers are in charleston . 
is a gleek ! 
finally home ! yay cupcake time ! 
hallmark ornament time ! 
just watched beauty and the beast blu < PROPFIRST > style ! love it ! 
back to school for a happy monday :) 
I am excited about paranormal activity ! yay friday ! 
teacher work day and then paranormal activity ! yay Friday 
go LSU ! 
My husband makes up rules to Phase 10 ... I was cheated out of my victory ..... 
What a storm we are having hope someone's got a boat just in case ! 
helloooooooooooo friday ! 
pizza and scary movies with my < PROPFEMALE > ... I see a great night a head ! 
I love Judge < PROPFEMALE > ... so < PROPFIRST > 
had a great day at the fair : ) 
can't wait for all the things coming up ! thanksgiving , my birthday , wedding anniversary , father in laws birthday , sisters birthday , and christmas ! 
happy veterans day 
mmm carrabbas for lunch ! 
Creating smartboards .... oh the joys .. 
yay ! Holiday Market this friday ! 
dinner at < PROPFIRST>'s ;) , early anniversary presents , and u draw pictionary ..... great day . 
Oh I just can't wait to ..... have thanksgivingggggggggggg 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s are a girl's best friend ..... a grill is a man's best friend 
Love's the birthday wishes ! Thank you everyone ! 
This week has flown by ! 
< PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > = funny 
1 year anniversary ! I can't believe it has gone by so quickly : ) 
happy christmas break ! let the holidays roll in ! 
i never ever ever ever want to get a filling again :( 
FA lalalalaal christmas is almost here ! 2 days !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > only 1 more day until < PROPFEMALE > comes ! 
dear husband , hurry up and get home from work I am bored .... 
outback was blah tonight ! 
dear weekend , you are amazing : ) 
reading breaking < PROPFEMALE > 
woohoo no school ! back to breaking < PROPFEMALE > 
these school delays are throwing off my schedule 
woohoo new furniture coming on thursday woohoo ! 
I do not think I can handle the emotion that goes with having dogs and new furniture . 
shed has a floor tomorrow the walls ! 
Gennaros = amazing ! now time for a 3 d movie ! I love Fridays 
been up since 4:30 am busy day a head ! 
Can I just mention that I heard on the news that in some states they were thinking of/ were already charging 10 cents per plastic bag at the grocery store !! Whatttt ! 
long day but a great one ! Hope I don't lose my eaglette status after my blooper !!!! 
happy friday everyone !! 
dear husband please hurry up and get home so i am not bored ! 
is going to enjoy the weekend and be extremely lazy .... 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > is cuttest movie ever : ) 
time to work on some smartbords ..... yay .... 
super bowl time ! 
go fergie go fergie ! 
I love judge < PROPFEMALE > ... 
TGIF ! 
smartboards on a saturday night ... i'm wild ... what can i say 
had an amazing < PROPFIRST>'s day ! 
had a much needed happy hour and then went out to dinner with hubby and now time to bed ... sounds like a great end to my Friday ; ) 
Read across < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow !!! 
Is thanking her lucky stars for everyone and everything : ) 
cleaning the garage ... woohoo ... not 
woohoo good morning Sunday ! 
Just rocked out at rock band i'm pretty sure my fall back career is guitar !!! haha 
