going to work ... 

I had a good birthday , even though i had to work . I got 2 cakes while I was working !! 
is a bit tipsy , no church tonight . Took a nap after work , then off to dickson with < PROPFEMALE > . I love peach bellinis !!! 
ugh ... it's either way to late , or way to early . 
just woke up abrubtly . i had a dream a random taco employee was yelling at me in my room ... and its my day off ! 
people suck 
\would you mind if i paid you in gum ? \"" 
OH ! I just had a horrible nightmare !!! It was awful ! I had a dream i had a baby !! * shivers * 
Had work till 3am on saturday , got one hour of sleep . Then had a meeting at 8am , pretty much worked from then till 8pm . Went home had too many drinks ended up staying awake till 4am on sunday . Then back to work at 8am ! I got 4 hours of sleep in 48 hour period ! I was delirious by 6pm on sunday :) 
hooray ! It's rainy so I'm missing the meteor shower . :( this sucks 
I think my heater's broken . It's running . i mean i can hear it , but it's freaking cold ! I went to look at the thermostat and there's nothing on the screen , it's blank . My husband turned on the stove to try to warm the place up . Is that dangerous ? 
i think i'm in love .... lady gaga rocks my socks off !! 
It is never too cold , there is only too little vodka . 
I want your Psycho , your Vertigo stick , want you in my Rear window , baby it's sick . 
wow . I'm outta shape . I dont think i pulled a muscle , but i did over work my hamstrings ! I hurts to sit ! 
Sheep go to heaven , goats go to hell . go to hell . go to hell -cake 
Happy in the club with a bottle of red wine Stars in our eyes ' cuz we're having a good time So happy I could die Be your best friend Yeah I'll love you forever Up in the clouds We'll be higher than ever 
If i never see bleach again , it will be too soon . 
all i can say is WOW 
woo hoo ! we got excelling on our CER ( audit) !!! even with our dumb cashier chewing gum !! 
Buy this car to drive to work , Drive to work to pay for this car . 
Bored . 
no color 
If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve . because great men are few and far between , and I have one !!! 
need < PROPFEMALE > bubble gum , and taffy get in my way punk , you're gonna get ya ass beat , nasty Do it till your dad sees , embarass your whole family Just ' cause you came between a kid and his < PROPFEMALE > I need < PROPFEMALE > , any kind'll do Don't care if it's nutritious or \FDA approved\ " It's gonna make me spaz like bobcats on booze A hyperactive juice that only I can produce " 
mmmm ! I had a wonderful dinner tonight , tortellini , with great friends too ! Now , I've got my feet up and my lovely laptop . And it's still early ! :D 
hi ho ! hi ho ! it's off to work we go !... Is it 2 AM yet ? 
Happy new year !!! RRRAAAWWW !!! 
wonders if it was the burger or the sushi ; can't be sure . What I can be sure of is that I am sick ! 
Good news ! Cigarette juice ! 
i am beautified , thanks to my personal stylist , < PROPFEMALE > Rojo . Now , on to fay-town . 
saw the crazies last night , then had a zombie sex dream ... i wasn't involved with the zombie but there was some human-zombie interaction ... ewww !!! 
has the sweetest hubby evar ! 
is excited to see the viddy for telephone tonight ! oooo !!! i can't wait ! i ? gaga 
trying to remove my fake nails , i fell asleep with one of my fingers in the jar of acetone . i woke up when i realized i was spilling it on my lap 
dear < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > , thank you for making me sick . my throat is scratchy and i feel icky . 
has a cold . has < PROPFEMALE > at her house . who's bringing the lemon and whiskey ? 
just got a paper cut opening some mail ... it's bleeding pretty good too ! 
I want mexican food . Yep , you guessed it , a chili reano . Oh ! < PROPFEMALE > , please hurry up and get here ! 
i want < PROPFEMALE > , bubble gum and taffy ... 
Good morning ! 
greek yogurt with < PROPFEMALE > . i tried it alone for it's nutritional benefits , and hated it . Then added < PROPFEMALE > , effin loved it . 
did you know they make 42 oz bags of skittles and m&m's ?? yes , that's 2.625 lbs . 
this means war . don't f @ck with me when I'm sleeping ... I'm out for blood . 
happy zombie christ day ! i hope you all enjoyed your pagan rituals by decorating eggs and eating way too much food ! no , but really if you want to celebrate do it everyday . you don't need a special holiday ( especially one that occurs , according to the < PROPFEMALE > cycles ) the more you know .... 
So , this is what monday morning feels like . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > PD , you have your $37.50 . P.s. I still wont wear my seat belt . 
Too much coffee . Tried keeping my hydration by getting some electrolytes in me . Its what plants crave . 
got a pedicure tonight . dropped my phone in the tub ... stupid phones ... we need a underwater phone . 
Last night in a local bar parking lot , some skank bit me . Thankfully , she did not break the skin and i was not infected with skank . Sadly , there is no cure for skankiness . In other news , TANSRAMA . Now , here's < PROPMALE > with the weather ... 
it is the whiskey 
Doesn't amon tobin look so sexy ? like italian or spanish or portuguese , something with those dark alluring eyes ? like they have so much hidden , just waiting to be found out ! And he's a musician so , you know he's passionate .... ;D 
the beast ate me alive tonight .. $400 , $500 , and even a $600+ hour ... I steamed the entire night . On the bright side , time flew by ! 
You will be judged for your actions , regardless of whether or not its anyone's business . Either you except the consequences before you act , or you don't do it . Don't complain when someone has an opinion , get the f*ck over it . 
is going to get an adult beverage and celebrate . What you ask ? Today is the day that the lord has made ... \earth day \"" 
ok , so i've eaten a banana everyday for the past 6 days ... today , i woke up with a < PROPFIRST > horse . i thought potassium was good for avoiding that . fml 
my work week starts an hour ... 
does anyone know what certified mail is about ? i have an idea ... but its not good . halp 
last break b4 the drunks rush . btw , who wants to party tomorrow around 10ish ? thinking dickson .... 
my dogs are barking . who will rub them ? 
lost my debit card . stupid bars . fml . 
is sleeping ... foreever ... or at least until 230pm 
it's killing me ... not knowing . could we fix it if it's broke ? or is your punch line just a joke ? 
has a lot to do . stupid phone(alarm clock ) was on silent ... wanted to get this started early , like at 8am ..... 
theres nothing a little war paint and new sunglasses cant fix/cover up 
farwell , chino . i hope you attained buddahood . or reached heaven . i cry for you ever 
forgive for they know not what they do . father into your hands i commend my spirit . why have you forsaken me ? 
why the hell am i awake now ? i went to sleep at 6am 
this time , maybe , i'll be bullet proof . ha . ... estoy triste .. mi perro ... mi corrazon ... 
happy beltane ! ( or may day ) lets all go dance around some poles , in honor of the almighty pen15 lol 
who wants to help me clean my house ? i can pay you in cupcakes :D 
dear god . pls dnt let shy eat the cupcakes off the counter . that is all 
is drinking bloody marys . with celery . and oh , how spicy and lovely they are . jealous ? you should be ... 
fell asleep on my sisters couch for a moment . would not wake up when she was talking to me . but then she threw a klondike bar at me and voila ! i am awake ! 
at the new place . no wifi . no cable . at least i have company . 
well my \bed\ " is comfortable enough for my arms and i to fall asleep on . unfortunately i wake up before they do . " 
so i went to give chino his blanket that he slept on all the time . i covered him with it . this afternoon , i had a dream he was alive again . he was standing on a moutain . his fur was as thick as his mothers . healthier than ever . 
wishes she had a phone that could do fb im chat ... 
i just wanna give a shout out to < PROPFEMALE > , n < PROPFEMALE > . i know ur both subscribed to me . what it do ? i gots me a mint plant today . yay 
has to do the overnight shift . its just about time for me to go in . i hate mondays . but at least i'm gettting worst over first ! visualize a quick and easy shift for me tonight . 
thinks there maybe something wrong with brain . my seritonin levels are really low . i need some damiana . i have 2 left . i've been saving them . i'll do that instead of drink and/or cry 
had several wild dreams today . everything from being held prisioner by a psycho to a bisicut making contest , while it was snowing . 
tonight ... YOU . it's half price night at ryleighs/ boom boom . it's the place to be . all the cool kids are doing it ... who's doing it tonight ? i hope you are ! 
is back at the house , finally ! oh how i've missed my poochie-rella , and glad my ke-ke is feeling better . they are in need of grooming 
thank you to the fayetteville fire department ! with your help changing my tire was 3x faster ! 
there isn't enough < PROPFEMALE > to make this sweet ... 
so i jammed big toe really good last night . then when i woke up today , i did it again ! its swollen & looks like it has a slight bruise . i'm limping . needless to say i can't wait to stand on my feet for the next 10 hours . 
i hate tuesdays . about to start day 2 of 5 ... grrr 
hurry up 10 o'clock! i'm ready to be outta this damn uniform ! 
woo hoo . i just passed out on the couch with my lap top on my lap . slept for a whole hour . btw . i was sitting up , kinda . i had kicked out the recliner for my feet . i think i should head to bed . 
< PROPFIRST > isn't dead , and also isn't immortal anymore . Charlie and < PROPFEMALE > reunited . *** locke makes island fall apart . < PROPFIRST > kills locke . appoints hurley to be the new protector***\ 
PASS IT ON . 
i'm kinda O.C.D. but I control it . 
i'm going to be late . . . if i don't get off my butt and get dressed . . . I DON'T WANNA 
i have no husband in my bed tonight so i guess i'll have settle for my boyfriend .... pillow ! 
is it tuesday yet ? i'm so tired of the strange rushes at work . one minute dead . one minute slammed . also , its very hard to run good < PROPFIRST > ... 
AHHHH !!!! I left a window open .... fn flies ... < PROPFEMALE > gross . going to the store to get the remedy .... < PROPFEMALE > n they will all be dead . MMUUHAHAHA 
< PROPMALE > and shy are going for a walk .. she'll be walking . he's going to have her pull him on his skateboard . i don't think it will work . what do you think ? 
melatonin , you are my kryptonite ... thank you ... 10:30 am will come too soon , and 10:00 pm won't come quick enough ! 
omg thank god it's friday .... hope everyone enjoyed their weekend .... Come on 9pm . Come on 9pm 
i dont care if it is breakfast for me , spicy v8 is not the same w/o vodka 
i just the ballade of chasy < PROPFIRST > by bloodhound gang to a drunken crowd at < PROPFIRST > c's . i swear i havent drank a drop . 
needs a vacation . halp . i also need focus . 
nanny passed a couple hours ago ... cant sleep very well . 
bye . bye skeeter . 
stupid enter button ... i want to play on the good laptop ... grrrr ... 
needs more sleep . can't focus .. 
must have hearing damage or a crappy stock radio in her car . the volume is as loud as it gets ... 
day six of nine is almost done . i get off at 6 pm , & dont hafta go in until 5pm tomorrow ! yay ! what should i do ? 
omg . i love you memory foam ! sorry i forgot about you , i promise it'll never happen again . you complete me .... er , umm my bed . 
OMG OMG Breaking Bad season 2 is intense !! One more episode to go , then must d/l season 3 . NOW . 
\nothing hurts like your mouth \"" 
thought i could fly last night . my dream turned into a nightmare when i hit the concrete . 
has 20 some odd hours till work again .... what to do . what to do .... i've got tonic , who has the gin ? 
wonders what is quinine . and why is it in tonic water ? 
fuck the fourth . i'm gonna have a fucking heart attack . 
fuck yeah , adult swim is airing a girls roller derby episode . the repeat will air 1:30 am ( central ) 
has fallen deeply madly in love with radiatore pasta !! it holds the sauce so well ! 
needs a vacation ... wants to get on plane and get away ! where to go ? any suggestions ? ( additional info : no passport , 5 days < PROPMALE > ) PLEASE HUMOR ME ! 
so i leave for less than an hour , < PROPMALE > tells me shy sat nicely on the couch while i was gone . as soon as i walk in the door , she starts yelling at me , picking up her ball and whining about playing . I need to stop spoiling her . she knows i'll give in , if i'm awake .. ha ! 
i was giving myself a pedicure with a razor tool ... well i scraped off a little bit of my pinky toe . sorry to all that are extremely grossed out . heh . 
has a dozen FAT no bake cookies super cooling in the fridge . i couldn't wait for them to cool at room temp . 
If I wanted to see stars I'll watch the \Academy Awards\ " \ 
just slice and sugared 4 pints of strawberries , has 2 cinnamon roasts ( with carrots ) in the crockpot , 2 chickens boiling , 2 lbs of chickpeas in the pressure cooker ( for hummus ) , and 5 lbs of beef for chili . thanksgiving ? no , lets all remember the story about the ants and the grasshopper . gonna freeze this and not make dinner again , for month ( maybe)i still have 15 bean soup and carrot cupcakes to make . 
ah ! what a night ! i'm quite certain i forgot yo tab out . fuuuuu . thank you < PROPFEMALE > for letting me pass out on ur couch . and for the toster struedel . and for the < PROPFEMALE > in philadephia . 
milk was a bad choice .... 
bwahahahah . you must . MUST change your language to english ( pirate ) it's wonderful . click on account and then lanuguage , then use the drop down arrow to get to the different languages 
totally killed the party for some underage kids hanging out in the middle of the street in the middle of the night ... thanks spd . 
has 22 kids from the boys and girls club sitting in the lobby .... 
going to eat a chilli relano and drink a monster beer .... all by myself ... cause noone would answer their damn phones . more for me ! :) 
bwahahah the power went out at la huerta and parts of springdale .... i wonder if the tap is electric . 
yeah i'd totally kick some @$$ at < PROPFIRST > \40\ " hands ... " 
loves the smell of skunk . you know what i mean . 
my dog like bananas . who knew ! 
< PROPMALE > ran over a bird ! in < PROPMALE > s defense , the bird seemed a little messed up already . 
feels like hell . will someone call in for me ? 
thinks pulling a beer off a six pack feels just like pulling a branch off a bunch if grapes . 
cant wait for paper mache with mah gurl tonite 
My opener is a punk bitch . Go change ur man-pon ! 
has bleach on my hair .... wish me luck ! 
wonders how long till this tantrum passes . 
wants to know wtf is up w/ parking around dickson 
one of these days i'll learn not go to parties on a saturday night . 
is ryleighs bound . who's coming ? 
found someone who has never heard of gaga . i about choked . 
just won $20 on a scratch off ! 
I looked through lists of friend's friends . Found people i haven't seen in over 7 years . Remembering them seems like a dream . I'm not sure if i really saw them , or they were just figments of my imagination . 
only the good die young . 
lol . just got pulled over . cop said he pulled me over because he had been told there was a drunk driver in a hyndai . then he added cause my window was cracked . he left me off cause i wasnt drunk ! 
lay ' em down . smack ' em , yack ' em . 
this last hour is dragging .... 
was just wished a happy birthday by a < PROPMALE > policeman !! ( and he just gave me a warning for my brake light ) I think this is the most pleasant encounter with a cop ever !! 
had a good birthday . thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! i'm celebrating on sunday night at ryleigh's half prices night . all are welcome ! 
oh evil jungle < PROPMALE > ! how my nose runs and my tongue burns . 
i'm sick . it started like allergies in my nose , now it's in my throat too . i need whiskey and < PROPFEMALE > . i have lemon juice . 
someone please explain thr word ' trill ' . ok , i know what that means in a musical sense . hoodlems now-a-days use it as an adjective , such as \you da trillest\ " wth " 
this is strange . a girl that passed away this year is showing up on my fbook chat list . she is idle though . 
WOOOO !!! HOOOO !! < PROPMALE > dug out the router and fixed up the internet . We currently are geeking out w/ our favorite forms of entertainment . he with reach , i with anything i can think of to look at on the vastness of inter-space . 
it smells like 7 layers , that beaver's eating taco < PROPFEMALE > . 
someone explain \roll tide\ " i looked it up on wikipedia . it said it was an orchestral piece . wth does it mean ? " 
munching on kimchi flavored noodles with real kimchi cabbage pieces . drinking horchata . quite a combo 
needs coffee .. now ! who wants to grab a cup with me ? 
in about 45 mins i will have been at WRMC for 12 hours . thank god they have free coffee . 
mom will be moving into an excellent hospice home soon . more info to come hopefully by this afternoon . 
trying to sleep on a couch .. on purpose . i cant recall the last time i did that . all other times , i just ended up there . 
mom went to go be with n < PROPFEMALE > y , aunt < PROPFEMALE > , and miycalya . 
Therefore we do not lose heart . Though outwardly we are wasting away , yet inwardly we are being renewed day by day . For our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal < PROPFEMALE > that far outweighs them all . So we fix our eyes not on what is seen , but on what is unseen . For what is seen is temporary , but what is unseen is eternal . 
For those of you who still have newspaper subscriptions , or want to get a copy to post on your fridge for a while , Mom's obit will be in Sunday's paper . The memorial is Monday at 10:30 am at Mt . Comfort Presbyterian in Fayetteville . We're expecting a packed house already , so come early for the best seats . Kind of a funny thing to say about a funeral , but she would have appreciated the humor ;) 
is heading out of hattiesburg on BLOODY 98 !!! 
we made it here safe . tired as hell though . 
i am so hungry . 
cant sleep . wait . i've never been able to sleep at this time . 
kate : \bec 
finding skittles among beer bottle caps , ciggy butts , and random sea shells at the bottom of your purse is always a win . 
i'm praying for tidal waves . i wanna see it all come down ..... are you ready ? 
bored outta my gourd ... 
call me a grump but i'm not coming to florida in season ever again . dumb kids with their parents credit cards . 
ten-ten-ten 
just had a strange dream that my dad had to cut all my hair fn short ... then i was basically \put away\ " zum n treve came to see me . zums beard was gray .. " 
is going to be home tonight around 7ish . 800 < PROPMALE > is a long long long time in a car .... with your family 
is a straight ally and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of LGBT youth experience harassment in school , and too many lives have been lost . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/bFy9Zr . 
i love fall . i have the windows open . thankfully shy hasnt noticed . chasing the neighbor kids is fun for her . scary for them 
thank you shanley ! ur a blessing 
holy sh*t . two deer just ran in front of me on < PROPFEMALE > st. 
monday comics have been replaced with monday library . hooray for free stuff ! 
the giants are number one !! the giants are number one !! - meatwad\ 
thats a fact of life . tell me something i dont know . - < PROPFIRST > 
they should make an anti facebook where you send enemy requests to people you don't like so you can just write nasty things on your status and read a feed full of people being assholes . and it will be called Assbook . 
sometimes i like to ignore how messed up people are . most of the time i cant wait to see how they screw up their own lives .. how many junkies does it take to ruin kids night at the bar ? 2 
damn nature ! you scary ! 
so i ordered an asian prostitute last night . she arrived 2 hours late .... 
is the new owner of freaknik the musical ... FREAKNIK IS BACK !!! 
if women aren't meant to bake , then why do they have milk and eggs inside of them ? 
my next door neighbor put xmas lights up . ffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i love saturdays ... after 6pm . On another note , HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO K DOUBLE D !!!!! 
nothing like a red beer to fix a hangover . actually wasnt so hungover .. just kinda tired . 
i kinda feel like i'm on drugs when i'm around you . not that i do drugs , unless you drugs . in that case , i do drugs all the time . 
made some yum apple crisp . it was so easy too ! 
is eating part of the last meal my mom made for me . my birthday dinner- posole ( how ever you spell it , its spanish ) dont worry , it was frozen . 
i'm thankful i dont have to read \i'm thankful\ " posts anymore !! " 
so tired , thankfully i have a shorter day . is it sunday yet ? 
kinect for xbox . someone tell me about . my computer died , so i have no means of research . looking for price , will we need to buy a new xbox ? and any other info would be nice :) 
i woke up screaming today . its gonna be a great day 
tomorrow is quite an important day ! treve's birthday , rowdy and < PROPFIRST>'s anniversary , and AIDS awareness day . 
so my converted garage bedroom is being worked on . i think i'm going to move into one of the other rooms . any objections to knocking down a wall to make a huge living room ? 
is wondering why parents dont make their kids eat their veggies any more ? they let them get away with eating just meat and cheese . but wonder why the government has to step in and say ' your kid is fat ' . this world is f@¢ked . 
is such a lil girl at heart . walked by the display of < PROPFEMALE > tea sets in < PROPMALE>'s bakery , my heart melted . 
i know chocolate is bad for dogs , but it's kinda like crack for them ... i like giving shymae a little bit from time to time . is that really bad ? 
never get between a man and his soy sauce . 
kinda bummed out . disappointed . plus its moms birthday . i guess i should be glad to be sad , at least i'm still alive 
eating taste of thai ... Who's jealous ? 
party time is soooooo close !!!! 
Wanna lose ten pounds of ugly fat ?? Cut off your head . 
Come have a beer or some whiskey ! I've got stew ready and a fire in the back yard ! 
put a fork in me ... 
i'm so ronery 
Fml . Early celebrations = tired feet , arms , everything . I need a full body massage , or the chemical equivalent . halp 
pbr tastes like my armpits after a 10 hour shift . why did i buy so much of it ! 
needs more vermillion pleasure night on netflicks . NOW . 
Shy ate one of my cookies . What a bitch ! 
sheep go to heaven . goats go to hell , GO TO HELL ! 
had another dream about mom . i need to watch out for the new moons . they always bring dreams like these . i dont like starting my day off crying . 
the whit oak station on mission and crossover totally rocks . the guy working the graveyard totally deserves a raise !! he found everything in the store with < PROPFEMALE > in it . my tummy feels much better now ! 
6.5 hours left . 
took a nap for 1 hour . had a drean a bat bit my hand , the spot turned into this trippy paisley . there was other weird stuff too . 
weeeeeee w2's came in the mail today !! pray i dont hafta pay in !!! 
i like turtles ... and gin . 
ah , friday . 
edible arrangements on < PROPFEMALE > is awesome ! got a doz . dipped fruits for $10 ! bananas are the best !! 
i can spend hours in the dickson street book store . too bad i have to pay to park . 
has scene hair . thanks to my stylist/sister < PROPFEMALE > ! 
what did they say to the bear when he ate the girl at the bar ? 
ok , i'm tired of watching < PROPMALE > have all the fun on oblivion . any suggestions for 2 player RPG games on 360 ? 
walmart doesnt care about the plastic bags they send out . i left the checkout and had 7 bags . i rebagged it in the entry way , leaving with 3 . i guess its ok , i'm not having kids . 
just worked 14.5 hours on 2 hours of sleep . i'm quite sure i've died . and gone to hell . thankfully my body doesnt hurt , which backs the being dead idea . crap . 
you can say lots of bad things about pedophiles , but at least they drive slowly past schools . :D 
we're gonna go find a friend for shy ! or at least look . happy anniversary to kate&alex ! you've made it 2yr ! happy birthday to < PROPFEMALE > , even though she doesnt have fbook ! today is a good day ! 
ein !! 
real eyes realize real lies 
just another manic monday . 
no ein cause they couldnt get ahold of my landlord/dad in time . : ''' ( 
I HAVE INTERNETS AGAIN !!! more like A WORKING COMPUTER AGAIN !!! I don't know what to look at first .. 
is sipping on a cup of < PROPFIRST > , straight from costa rica ! thanks dad ! 
ein is at home !! come on 3am !! 
awesome , the police are joining the protest in Egypt . 
i wasjust informed that the cookie monster is now the veggie monster . WTF 
tgiff !! and i get a long weekend !! 
they're coming to take our cable away ! ha ! ha ! he ! he ! ho ! ho ! 
gonna make a big pot of soup , then chocolate covered bananas ! who's hungry ? 
i'm sick . i don't know if it was the icy car ride , or smoking , or what ! but it's coming on .. 
i think i might have a problem ... i'm making my 3rd blt today . its just sooo good 
the cow goes \ shazoooooo !! \"....." 
In the best relationships , nobody wears pants . 
oh yeah ... no school , erm , work i mean ! 
i'm gonna keep feeding this sleep dep headache coffee and toast with aspirin on the side . i just wanna wander from the window to the couch all day ! 
woohoo ! i just won my first ebay auction ! 
I'm putting together a web site that reveals the secret documents of the rap music industry . It's called wiki wiki wiki leaks . 
just downloaded \born this way \"" 
zomg luv my ipod touch . big thanks to JL . 
i'd do that again ... 
is sick as a dog . i feel weak and nauseous . someone come take care of me please , < PROPMALE > is working , like i should be . 
jeep !! jeep !! driving around in a jeep !! 
Could have sworn the muzak was about to play flaming lips . Sounded just like it ! 
Omg < PROPMALE > took longer than I did to get ready ! In his defense , he looks very handsome ! 
Loves how even the most normal day at work can fix my brain . I need distraction from over thinking things 
What a wonderful morning ( afternoon for regular folks) ! Woke up on the right side of the bed . Worked out for a bit . Now lounging in the backyard with a cup o < PROPFIRST > and my doggies . 
My spoon is too big ! 
I hope I earn some flippin brownie points for this week 
I wanna crawl in a hole . 
French toast for dinner !!! Didn't use a recipe , just kinda winged it . Tasted like awesome 
Screw daylight savings or whatever . I'm moving to arizona or hawaii 
i < PROPFEMALE > ... i < PROPFEMALE > macaroni pictures . 
I forgot how yummy tea is with cream ! 
dropped my ipod touch in the bath tub , but after awesome dinner and two beers , i don't really give a fuck ! 
does green in a tattoo count today ? < PROPMALE > says yes . i say no . CAST YOUR VOTE NOW ! 
Omg ! Omg ! < PROPMALE > is a fracking genius ! He brought my iPod touch back to life ! The only thing(s ) to make today better would be a confirmation on highest bid on gaga tickets and a purple wig in my mailbox !!! 
I haven't had anxiety in over 3 years . I'm freaking out . 45 mins . 45 mins . Breathe in , breathe out . 
GOT TICKETS !!!!! 
There's no way out . The only way out is to give in . When there's no way out , the only way out is to give in . How i love to , how i love to , how i love to give in 
You're so vain . I bet you think this post is about you . You're so vain 
When it comes to either washing dishes or cleaning grills , I'd rather get wet than get burned ;D .... besides I'm a mofo ninja with the dishes . 
Old world underground , where are you now ? 
I love having a touch lamp by my bed . No fumbling around trying to find a switch . 
i jumped off a balcony last night . i didn't break anything , but i'm so sore today . i guess i need to jump off balconies more often so i become better at it . 
One hour . Time is crawling by . 
Just reached my cici's limit : 15 pieces w/o crusts , salad and 2 cinnamon rolls . I'm not even messed up . 
Ya know where you never see handicap spots ? The booze store . 
Would it be possible to grow green beans in that topsey turvey planter ? The one for tomatoes . I love some fresh green beans 
I hate \ speedy\ " Gonzalez . " 
It's nights like tonight , that make you want to wrap your head in a towel and suck on a . 38 
A little over an hour until I leave ! I'm trying to distract myself until then ! 
First Friday night off in probably 2 years ! What do people do on Friday nights ? Seriously somebody , EVERYBODY , come < PROPFEMALE > out with me !!!! 
I got this , you got this , we got this ! Friday ! Friday ! Friday ! 
Vodka Tonic , Round 1 , FIGHT !!!! 
I thought it was april showers ... Go away sun . I want rain puddles . 
Took a walk at < PROPMALE > park . Sad to say , but the only people to smile back when we met on the trail were Hispanics . WTF white people ?? 
A bird just shat on my head . A friend says that's good luck . I don't think I believe in superstitions anymore . 
Similac has a brain/eye blend ... Zombie baby food ! 
Sneaker pimps on the radio ? Is it 1995 ? Awesome ! 
JUDAS !!!! 
If my tub's drain had an ass , I just kicked the shit out of it . 
I love 10min crack naps in front of the computer/ iPod . I am powered on now ! 
Omg my fryer caught on fire !! Im ok now 
The < PROPMALE > bar is skor bar's cheap slutty sister . 
I've learned love is like a brick , you can build a house or sink a dead body . 
Holy crap . That was crazy 
Happy Zombie Christ Day ! 
I LOVE MY SCOOTER . I'm glad it stopped rainning in chickendale 
Just heard judas on the radio . Excellent . 
Car broke down yesterday , on my way to important test for work . Thank god for the scooter . It's going to be cold . 
i'm watching the < PROPMALE > wedding . it's kinda of boring now . i think the dude marrying that chick just showed up . 
i don't believe it . I want pictures . It's all a lie to rally us together . 
i don't feel good . 
why is there not a booze delivery system ? they'd make bank . pizza , chinese , old people get groceries . fuck ! come on ! why hasn't this happened yet ?? 
my phone is back on ! call me , text me ! It's unlimited ! yay ! 
