HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!! 

I am probally going to watch a movie , I don't know what movie I'm going to watch . 
One of my best friends , who I have known since 7th grade is coming over to visit , before heads to SEMO for his third year of college . 
I am watching Scary Movie 1 , it is so funny . 
I really should go to bed , I am tired , but for some reason I don't feel like going to bed . Eventually I am going start seriously crashing . I estimate that will happen in a couple hours or less . 
My mentally insane cat is annoying the heck out of me . 
I could go for some Chinesse right about now , I am starving , Even though I have so much food in my house I don't feel like getting up and going up the stairs to make something to eat . 
I am watching DBZ , why I don't know I just felt like it . 
Watching < PROPMALE > d < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > dy 
I just finished relaxing in my jucuze about 15 minutes ago . 
I am exhuasted I am going to bed in about 5 minutes 
I have the easiest college assingment this week in my phiolosphy 225 class . I do not why know the instructor said , all we have to do write down metaphors . It is freaking easy . 
Just microwaved a slice a pizza hut pizza . 
Just finished working out and I am about to take a shower and then go church with my brother . 
Just got off work , and woman was arrested in front of wallmart for stealing . 
I am eating home made bread with a glass f milk . 
I am on my lunch break from walmart . 
The good week I was having is now over . I so frustrated that my brother keep changing our router settings ; this time he changed so our connection is to slow . Now he says he can't change back , which I am screwed I can't start or even finish my college homework which is due today . 
My college class starts at 6:00 pm and it is a 45 minute drive . 
I am at College and I am on my break . 
Someone called me with the wrong number and I called them back . He said don't ever call this mother fucking phone again . I don't even know the guy and he called me first . 
I hope i don't get pulled over tonight on the way home from college . I am basically half asleep . I have to drive home from < PROPFEMALE > heights . 
I am on my way home now . I really hope I don't get pulled over tonight . 
I arrived home and did not get pulled over , came close though . 
It took me an extra 5 minutes to get home for lunch , because someone was driving 40mph on a 55mph speedl limit highway . 
Its time for dinner and I having home cooked hamnurgers , baked beans , < PROPMALE > and cheese . Yum . 
Just finsihed eat serlone hamburgers and they were good . 
My hand is shaking like I am addicted to cocain , but is really from gripping carts all day at walmart . 
do you hear the about kid who pranked the police by saying there is a baboon on loose . 
My house is rumbling , and I feel like a popsickle , it so freaking cold in my basement . 
Beware of my mentally insane cat , she will get you do what she wants by annoying the hell out you . 
The clouds just tore opem and it is raining like a monsoon . 
I am a genius , the dish is out , so i am using my tv as my computer monitor to watch goldmember and I am on my bed using my labtop watching goldmember . 
Last night I dreamt I was being chased aligators . when I woke up my cat < PROPFIRST > starring right at me by side me , my cat < PROPFIRST > was sleeping on my head . Then cat < PROPFEMALE > was giving a hypotising stare . 
I am at red lobster having the ultimate feast which includes < PROPMALE > crab lobster garlic shrimp with my family . 
I am bored , hope I find something to do tonight . After I workout . does anybody know if theres anything going on tonight 
Time to go play some Xbox 360 and maybe all little of my wii . 
I just ate a hungry man and gained a 1lb , while watching osberve and reporte 10 minutes ago . 
I have this college professor who is isnally strict with grading and expects us to be at the level he is at . 
Getting ready for the world of the zzz and the dream world . 
I am at mcdolands on my lunch break using my lab top and eating a mcdouble , small fries , and a large power < PROPFEMALE > . 
Have to return to pushing those never ending carts at walmart . 
this is what my brother said at church tonight , if your sword is broken use your sheild . 
I just changed my water filter , challenged my brother that i will be only who remove it , but I used too much strength now I can't unscrew the water filter . basiclly we screwed next time we have to change the water filter 
I am using 2 computer at once , my laptop for my homework and my desktop for my entertainment uses . 
I am stuck on my philosphy home work and i have been working all freaking night . So i am taking a 5 minute break 
My philosphy professor can burn in hell , ass hole . He so fucking strick on grading that I got 1 fucking point miss two things . out of 15 goddam points . 
Time for college 
Just got back from college 
Time for some shut eye for work . http://chatter.com/a/hukom?ref=nf 
I just dropped my wire less key board for the 10th time this week . 
I am on my to my grandmas and then my family and I are heading to the St. < PROPFIRST > arch , 
I arrived at my grandmas , now we are at red lobster again for lunch , before we head out to the arch . 
I uploaded some photos of my trip to the arch and couple videos of during my helicopter ride , more on the way . 
Went to the gate way arch today , spent the whole day there . I went up the arch to photos , went on a helicopter ride took 2 videos and a couple photos during the ride , I also took photos inside the arch museum . The videos I took when i was on the helicopter are in video album along with the photos . 
took a photo of myself holding my cat < PROPFIRST > in front my bathroom mirror . 
I finished my hard core workout about 30 minutes ago than ate a hungry man . http://chatter.com/a/iau99?ref=nf 
I have to stop working out hardcore everyday , because my veins are showing plus i am burning to carbohydrates , which makes me hungry all the time . 
Now i am eating sour cream and onion pringles 
now i am scarfing down sliced cheese . 
I have one of the songs from Syliva stuck in my head . 
didn't show up work today , because my cat knocked off my alarm clock , then she hit red swicth on the exentsion cord . I did not wake up unitl 12:00 pm . i freaked when i awoke and fell out of the bed . I called in sick 
I have cavitie in my chipped tooth , which I chipped a month ago and still waiting to see my dentist . 
I got back from < PROPMALE > MO , 2 hrs ago . 
just got back from the gym and getting ready for bed . 
I just ate the biggest mother fucking bowl cereal i have eaten in my life . I used a large mixing bowl for the cereal and the milk . 
updating my photos , I have a lot more muscle tone compared to those photos . http://chatter.com/a/jsch9?ref=nf 
added a new profile photo check it out . http://chatter.com/a/jsero?ref=nf 
time to catch some zs so i get up early tomorrow . 
I stepped on a peice of glass and now it is wedged in my foot . I can't get it out and hurts like hell . 
I am freezing to death in my basement , because the ac is on and I am too cold walk 50ft to put a shirt on . 
There is something very wrong with my cell phone . I unlock then went straight to my medai and erased a photo . My phone is also typing itself , my phone is a tuchscreen . when I am trying text it is like someone has hacked my phone and controlling it . If any the people who I text often get a wierd text it is not it is the phone . This phone is starting be a pain in my ass . 
I am light headed . I haven't eaten very little all day and I am burning way too many carbs . 
Going to bed and rising at 8:00 am tomorrow for work . 
Getting ready for bed , I am very very very very tired . 
My awoke from the dead at 6:30 am this morning 
The most insane thing happened at walmart while I was pushing carts . < PROPFIRST > decides he wants to take the carts in the < PROPFIRST > , one that is closest to the entrance of the parking . Then I am driving the cart muel for some reason he takes the carts down hill and they flyoff the muel I had < PROPMALE > after them before they rolled onto 47 and several carts hit a truck that wouldn't stop . 
I am going help out Full Contact Fittness set up tonight for the opening of the gym tomorow at 9:00 am 
I walked into a massive spider web by my mail box . It covered my whole lower body . 
my favorite cat is on my lap . Crazy cat !! 
I fixed my Dish network console in my room . I can finally watch tv in my room again finally . 
Time get some sleep . 
Don't have to work tomorrow , thank god . one more thing < PROPFIRST > Seal , Rhyan < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , better do some fucking god dam work once . I was talking to the co mananger she three of you verge of getting fired , since all of you have been lectured in the office by managment so many times . I don't give a shit if they fire you three . 
making myself some food and playing some xbox 360 . 
I have been awake since 4:30 am and I went to bed at 1:00 am this morning . that means i have only had 3 1/2 hrs alseep in the last 21 hrs . I usaully get at least 7 to 8hrs asleep a day . 
man I am tired , I aught be awake for 23hrs without sleep . 
I have to work tomorrow , 8:00 am to 4:00 pm and the weeknd i work 1:00 pm- 10:00 pm . \ 
it is going to suck tomorrow for the grandopening of walmart in < PROPFIRST > . The remodle is finished tomorrow . 
I met the Rams Cheerleaders today and got an autograph . 
I am hyperventalating righ now . 
got the chills now 
having a hard time breathing . 
getting lighted headed this no joke . 
I am done hyperventalatin now . I just fucking pissed that my parents only allow limited usage of my car this weeknd . I don't even discuss why all this shit . it bullshit . 
Good night , time for bed . 
i just spilled chille on my keybaord 
I have no idea where that picture of myself when I was six months old came from . I was posting this photo . 
Just finished watching the newest epsiode of Naruto Shippuden . 
When I was at my lunch break at Walmart yesterday , a man was talking on his cell phone as he was backing out and he ran over a man who happended to have the worst luck . His leg was crushed . 
My Basement is like a deep freezer , I am freaking cold . My parents have the aircondtioning set at 69 degrees , plus it is cool outside . 
I just uploaded my photos I took at Sea World and < PROPFEMALE > ego zoo . I was 14 . I still have about 30 more to upload and 2 rolls of film I haven't developed for over 5 years . 
I am heading to the Full Contact Fittness Center to work out in about 5 mins 
I just made a home made protien shake . I used protien supplement shake mix , 2 cups of milk , a banana , and 1 cup 1/2 of v8 fruit juice . 
I am so bored , I was going to go over Tanners , but his mom said no friends while he is baby sitting his younger siblins . 
I am seriously bored out of my mind , I am up for anything as long as its not at my house . I am tired home right now . 
A blast of freezing cold air just hit me . 
That protien shake did something to my stomach . I shouldn't of added those extra ingredients . 
Last night while i was working at walmart there was aguy holding up a sign saying I willl work for drugs . 
Time to play some red dead redemtpion before work . 
Watching the class of the titians 
< PROPFIRST > is spending the night at my house tonight and I am taking to him school in the morning . His front windshield is severly damaged . 
Time to finally go to bed and get up at 7:45 a.m. and to take < PROPFIRST > to school . 
Still can't sleep . Why do these chicks keep sending me messages to try to get me to join a sex web cam website . 
I just ate my breakfeast , I had porched eggs , < PROPFIRST > deans sausage , a glass of milk , glass of orange juice , glass of apple juice , and some toast . It was good breakfeast . 
Going to the gym . 
Watching Get Him to The Greek . 
Getting ready to go to bed , to get some sleep for my 11hr shift tomorrow . 
I am becoming half asleep . My body is telling me to go to bed but , my brain won't listen to my body . 
I am getting a migrain . 
Time for bed . 
Did anyone else beside myself notice how big the < PROPFEMALE > s rings were tonight ? If you think I am stupid the < PROPFEMALE > has rings . 
Please no more game requets , because I just ingore them and I don't play the games on face book . 
I found my Xbox 360 controller , which went missing a year in a half ago . 
I am off work Monday , Tuesday , and Wedsnday of this week . 
Getting ready for bed . 
Good Night . 
Some freak , that sent me a friend request last night and I comfirmed it . I have never met this person or heard this person . He bieleves or could be a she because of his photos , thinks we are in a relationship since June 2006 . That person wanted me to confirm relationship statues . I blocked the freak . I was like what the fuck when I saw that email . 
I just watched the newest episode of family guy while I was eating mexcian food , it was the funnyst epsiode of the season . 
I have been working on my abs for 10 months and 15 days . All I have left to tone is part of my lower abs . Then I will have my complete 10 pack . 
I just took an updated photo of my self and I am buff as hell now . I made it my profile photo . 
I am so ripped in in my profile photo . 
I don't bother with vote request anymore because I get like 10 day . http://yearbook.com/a/r8t36?ref=nf 
How many times do I have tell people I don't play face book games so stop sending me game requests . 
It freezing outside . I was shaking like a tree in wind when I was taking my dogs out . 
These two drunks were on my yearbook who I never met in my life are disputing with me about who partys harder . 
I won't let me go off line because of the maintence . 
Had a easy day at work yesterday . I clean up the parking lot so well that it stayed clean for 3 hrs without anyone out ther . I door greeted for 2 hrs . 
Going to the gym today with < PROPMALE > . 
I had my watch on too tight and the cirulation in my hand was cut off for 35 mins . 
Had too much mountain dew now i am crashing early . I usually run off protien for energy not caffene . 
I just checked the weather and it is 0 degrees outside holy crap . Man its cold 
I am wide awake and bored . 
My is not acted up for a while , it was a huge pain . 
My internet hasn't acted 
someone is prank texting me and prank calling me . it is very annoying 
I was dead tired and ready for bed , now I am wide awake . This happens to me every other night . 
I will probably be up all night for some stupid reason . 
How many times do I have to say it , people stop sending me game requests . I will keep ingoring them . 
I am finally going to go to bed now . 
my phone is turned for the next several hours , if anyone wants send me a text or call me they won't get a reply for a while . 
I have a girlfriend now . It took me long enough . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > stop sending me messages non stop it is a pain in the neck . I don't really care now anyways . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is this another one of your pranks or it is has gone to far . Did set up the call from < PROPFIRST>'s phone and all that bull crap like the last prank you pulled on me . 
I am so glad I am off today , because of the rain . Now its starting to rain again . 
Does anyone need me cover their shift tomorrow at walmart , because I only work 2 days this week and I am trying to get some more hours . 
For some reason there is peanut butter on my tv remote . 
too much chilli sauce on my french fries http://yearbook.com/a/s5t5a?ref=nf 
Theres something wrong with my computer or it could be the internet . I can't chat with anybody on face book . 
I ate 4lbs of food at my family's Thanksgiving dinner and burned it all of by doing ab work outs . That was a dam good turkey . 
It will 20 degrees when I go to work in morning to push carts . Freezing plus its black friday . 
I can't fall asleep , everytime I try to sleep I am just wide awake again . 
What tv show was I just watching , I totally forgot . 
It is raining cats and dogs in St. Peters and it is freezing out . 
I just bought the LG Optimise online . I will be getting a number very soon . It is shit load better than my Crush . 
I am sleeping on my couch this morning . I can't sleep so I turned on the tv and this weird show on adult swim is on . It is fucked up . 
I have been awake for more than 24hrs . I have to stay up to midnight to take the dogs out . I am dead tired . 
does anyone want to go to Asbence of fear mma championships with me on December 11 hosted by full contact fitness cente . It will be caged fighting . < PROPMALE > gave me a free ticket . He is the owner of the gym . 
Tickets are $30 
When I bought my new phone online I paiid for overnight shipping and it has been 37hrs since it was shipped . Overnight shipping costs $18.00 
I am so mad that my phone hasn't come yet . 
I just realized its Sunday , UPS , fed ex , and the post office do not deliver on Sundays . Dam . Now it is time to got the gym . 
I love my new phone 
Apparently someone who works at Walmart is accusing me of stealing the cart Mueller keys . If I have to pay for the keys and the keys cost $100 per key . 
People stop leaving me alone to push carts outside for hours at a time . I am sick and tired of cleaning bymyself when its trashed . 
Also I couldn't take < PROPMALE > bullshit anymore I went on him in the smoke room . It starting piss me the fuck being outside to clean the when its trashed . 
I better be getting some more help < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > do their share that's I am getting the point where fuck all of you and make you guys do all the ducking wor 
I am at st. < PROPFIRST > waiting to be seen by april , she is a councler . I am 25 mins early , but I only have 2 minutes left . 
I am so freaking tired , thank god I am off tomorrow . I work a cold grueling shift 4 to midnight friday . 
I have been all night and I am coming on my day to help < PROPFIRST > he will need . Also so he wont by himself for 3 hours 
Man I feel so much better after that steaming hot Jacuzzi bath those jet streams are awesome 
I have a really bad case of the flu I wont be at work Friday 
my new phone won't turn on I think it might be defected or i need a new charger 
When did face book upgrade . 
I am getting another kitten my mom saw one in pets mart for adoption . What I don\t understand is my mom said we are never getting another cat agian because we just got a our newest cat < PROPFIRST > last year and she just turned 1 last month . She annoys the heck out of my mom by climbing the christmas tree . " 
I am so freaking tired from pushing carts for 7 hours by myself in the snow . 
my eyes are burning . 
High way 47 was pue ice from the rain . it so slick last night I spun out and crashed into a ditch . 3 other cars got stuck even the cop car got stuck . The cop said there were accidents all over < PROPFIRST > and 61 . I was lucky there were no cars or i would have a serious accident . Tow truck almost got on the ice . 
Going to work early today , so I can get off early . also there will probally be a lot of call ins . 
I am bored non of my friends could hangout tonight . http://yearbook.com/a/uvbwd?ref=nf 
I eating three burritos for a snack . 
Time to take the dogs at midnight . http://yearbook.com/a/uvuya?ref=nf 
going to bed so I can help < PROPFIRST > in the morning at 7 
just got home from work . 
my wrist hurts I think I strained it . http://yearbook.com/a/uzkqm?ref=nf 
I don't to clean my basement . 
my internet is ticking me off . 
my stomach i ate too much pizza . 
i am finally go to clean my basement http://yearbook.com/a/v7mas?ref=nf 
I want a jet pack really bad now now , because i saw on the history channel modern day jet packs can climb altiudes of 8,000 ft . that would bad ass . 
My elbow is bleeding and it was gushing out blood . 
< PROPFEMALE > Smash , < PROPFEMALE > Smash , < PROPFEMALE > tired . 
I am changing my college < PROPMALE > to Professional Fitness Trainer 
Must change channel as fast as possible < PROPFIRST > of the mole man just came on . the most disturbing show I have seen . 
heading to mcdolands to pick up breakfeast for < PROPFIRST > and I then heading to work . 
It won't stop snowing 
I am about to start wrapping my presents for my family 
The presents are rapped and placed under the tree . 
Had a awsome X-mas 
Just popped my back 10 times , on my right and left side . I feel so much better now . 
After 2 days without logging on to face book , I log on and I get a message from a guy who lives in Georga saying he wished he lived in MO so I can be his personal trainer also he like in 50s . I never heard of this guy in my life I was wtf . 
I am on my couch in my basement and I feel cold air but it is only touching my right leg . I am getting goose bumbs . 
Thats settles it my basement is a deep freezer , BRRRRRR 
I am shivering while I type on my laptop . 
Laying on my couch with my laptop and I am watching Family Guy 
my new kitten is so cute . 
I have a cold and I keep sneesing . 
If I here the Sims 3 Late Night exspanion pack commerical again I will get a migrain 
I haven't slept for 48 hours except for a hour in half nap 
I still haven't gone to bed it has been 48 hours since I slept . I don't know why I can't sleep , I wish I did . The pic I just uploaded shows how tired I am . 
I am now a certified personal fitness trainer , I finally took the exam and passed with an A . 
As 17 hours ago I am now a certified personal fitness trainer . I scored A on the exam . http://yearbook.com/a/x88a2?ref=nf 
It feels like it is midnight , but it is only 9:03 . http://yearbook.com/a/x8a0l?ref=nf 
I want to go to bed but , I can't because I have to take the dogs out at midnight . I a ... http://yearbook.com/a/x8bin?ref=nf 
I am so freaking tired yawnnnn . http://yearbook.com/a/x8gbg?ref=nf 
I recived a notifaction that I was invited to a group that meets people . That was jus ... http://yearbook.com/a/xhflu?ref=nf 
Time to take my pain in the but dogs out , so they don't use the house as a toliet . 
It is offical my house is haunted , I don't how its less than 10 years old . I think it ... http://yearbook.com/a/xht6e?ref=nf 
Time for bed http://yearbook.com/a/xi420?ref=nf 
Heading to the gym , 47 is very slick and if you are going to go out be carefull . 
Its freaking COLD !!!. Thank god I don't today or tomorrow , I work thursday . 
I just got back from , St. < PROPFIRST > . I bought my college text books , I got my student id , and my parking pass . I am finally going back to college . I transfered schools been out school since september . 
Eating tatter tots and drinking nesquick choclate milk . Yum 
Theres something going on upstairs , I am too lazy to see what it is . 
I am sick and tired of these fillers for Naruto Shippuden . The opening scene of every episode shows the fight between Naurto and Sauske . Its BA . These fillers the Leafs history fillers . 
I received my new Samsung intercept replacement phone from ups today . 
On my lunch break eating burger < PROPMALE > in my car . 
I just found a < PROPFEMALE > tobelone . I never at tobelones in my basement and I haven't had one in years . So where did it come from ? 
At work bored out of my mind . I am freezing out here on the parking lot . 
Tonights weather forcast < PROPMALE > of sleet starting at 8:00 pm and will freeze over night . Brought to you by weather channel app 
I just found out where the giant chicken came in family guy . Dr. Harpman tried to clone a chicken . But resulted in a giant hostial chicken . That was so funny . 
I just read in the new game informer there's going to be a prototype 2 . The first prototype was BA . 
I just found batman dark asylum under my computer desk for 360 I thought I traded that game in two years ago . I can't beilie it . 
I swam at the gym for over 2 hours today doing laps and differents of swimming styles . I am worn out and my arms are sore . There were these two snot nose kids in the pool at the gym playing dodge , diving in 4ft water throwing the water areobic exercise balls at the wall which the office is behind . 
Man I am thirsty . 
I am trying to decide if I should call in tomorrow . 
How come my internet allways shuts off at 11:00 pm and I have know idea what to do about . It really ticks me off . 
I called in I am not working in 4 inchs of snow bymself . 
The snow is sparkling in my backyard . I recorded a video of it , but its too large to upload . 
I will be going to SEMO Sunday for my an opera my friend invited me and she is in the opera . 
Going to bed soon . 
I am going to see an oprea at semo to see an oprea mickado perfomed by < PROPFEMALE > Mackay 
I am so freaking tired , after I take the dogs out at 10:00 pm I am going to bed and getting up at 5:30 am to finish my college homework . 
Whoever just called me when I was about to fall asleep caused me to be wide awake 
This is some bull crap I am wide awake now , because of the prank caller 
There are at least 3 bird nests in the Kroger sign , which is on mounted on the building . 
There are 67 registered sex offenders in < PROPFIRST > Missouri . I looked it up and I was like holy crap . 
my phone got stolen and i know who did . three snot nosed brats at the gym . I sent them messages with my old warning if don't bring to walmart tomorrow at 3:30 pm their ass's kicked I so mad i can't believe . No steals my phone after i got it replaced . 
i have to be at work at 7:00 am and I cannot sleep . 
now I am going to bed . 
I am on my lunch break . 
Good night world or should I say good morning . 
I am not going to college today , because of the winter storm that is on its way . One more thing my basement is a deep freezer . 
working out at home , because of the weather . 
I am not looking foward to shoveling my drive way today . Its about a ft deep and I have a 3 car garage . thats going to be fun . 
playing my cat < PROPFIRST > and my kitten Smokey . 
Can't sleep . 
Heading up stairs to get a frozen gogurt . 
Taking a break from my college math . 
Ah my stomach , ate too many cheese puffs and drank too much soda while I was eating them . 
Playing Mass Effect 2 , one of my all time favorite games . 
I am cold , I need to put a shirt on . 
Taking the dogs out in a couple minutes then I heading to bed . 
just woke up . 
Man , I am tired but in a little while I will have a burst of energy that comes out of no where . 
I am going to try to take a nap . 
my cats are getting on my nerves !!!! 
I cannot sleep , my medicine I take to help me sleep has no effect any more . I need to call my doctor and have him perscribe a new medicine . 
Eating cheetos , Cheesy . 
I replaced my phone , which was stolen and I spent $321.00 . I forgot to buy insurance for my last phone and I have full coverage insurance now . 
Who was yelling my name in a white Jeep full high school maybe preteen girls and one of them was sticking there but out the window everytime they drove by me . 
I am so freaking tired , I wish I was able to get more sleep but no I have to sleeping issues . I begning to have sleep deprivation . 
Going to bed . 
At college and I am waiting for my next class to begin which is history . 
I really need to clean out my car and I am heading to the gym . 
I am so glad to be out of that relationship Jese 
about the to watch this weeks Naruto Shippuden and there are two episodes this week , heck ya 
Getting ready to go to work and its freaking cold . This going suck pushing carts . BRRRR 
On my only break for the 5 hours I work . 
Darn it I just spilled muscachully all over me . 
I am so happy now . 
My shift is almost over , hurray I can get something to eat . 
I just got off work , heading to the vet to buy some puppy food , after I complete that task I going to stuff my face with food and call my girl . 
When I got I looked for the quickest served I can make I microwaved some cat fish 4 hot dogs a burito and I at lot of peanut butter I am still eating right now . 
I am just so happy 
My moms toy chawawa I spelled it wrong was honking like a goose . LOL 
Just woke up watching < PROPFEMALE > wars 
leaving for work in about 25 minutes . 
Its so warm out side thank god I don't have to push carts in freezing weather . 
Can't sleep and I have to be up at 6:00 am 
There are some freaky sounds coming from my storage room in my basement I have never heard them before . 
It was bad idea eating a whole can of spread cheese than I ate some peanut buter and pineapples . My . Stomach . 
So bored at work . 
Waiting to go to my break I am doing people greeter breaks . I need food . 
I missed college today for a reason that some people may think is stupid . I have been getting so little sleep the last few months . 
Getting some chinesse food , yum 
I just spent $61.75 on chinesse man this place is expensive but I did order a lot of food . 
I just popped my back with the longest amount of pops ever on each side time for the gym . 
Just finished my homework and getting ready for bed . 
I just took a very refreshing shower after awaking from my slumber . I feel great 
Clocking in for work . 
I am on break 
about to watch the newest epsiode of bleach and its going to bad ass just like last week . 
waitng for my history class to begin . 
Watching history before I go to bed . Some very spine chilling stuff about the Nostradamus effect about anti Christs . Very interesting . 
Its 81° out . 
I think its pretty cool that I am talking to some old friends who I haven't seen since I graduated . Catching up . 
Taking the dogs out and going to bed . 
I can believe only made $250 in two weeks working 66 hours working at walmart that's some bull crap . 
Walmart is screwing me over I should of $229 in one week $250 in two weeks for 66 hours that's BS 
I am at work waiting to clock in . 
Aw , my stomach ate too much 
I am going to go for a jog after work in the < PROPFIRST > park . 
I am getting so buff . 
i am sad right now . 
Taking the dogs out 
My mom doesn't understand a thing about me . She thinks I can keep the basement . Spotless after work all day at walmart pushing carts I really crap right now 
I am really sick of my mom assuming that I am not tired but I am exaushted 
Going to bed and I will hope have a less stress full day tomorrow . 
I just drove over the missouri river and the water looks like its about to start pouring over the banks and onto land . There migh be another flood . Holy crap 
At red lobster 
What a feast I am stuffed . 
I am walmart at in kirkwood 
Today ate about 3x the normal amount I usually eat , it was sea food at red lobster with my grandma . I had a good day . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > of the jungle . 
Going to bed 
I am working on getting pics for my contact ids , I lost a large amount of pics . 
Heading to burger < PROPMALE > 
my foot is asleep . 
Good night everyone time for bed and then college . 
On my way to college , I hope I did well on my history exam . 
I arrived at college 40 minutes early , it is better than being late . 
Man , I am hungry and I am at us cellular with my mom , because she can't figurout how to access her voice mail . I can't figurout why the password isn't working . 
Just finished cleaning 
Done with my homework for the night I am very very very tired . 
Going to bed soon , since our dogs are being boarded . 
I am in my bed nice and warm under the covers good night 
Can't sleep 
What's up , with this freezing rain it wasn't in the weather forcast . 
I have 47 minutes till my next class . 
So bored at work right now and it might snow or rain . Darn 
Yahooooo !! 
Man I am tired , I am will be attending MO State University in Springfeild MO in the fall . Sorry walmart looks like you will be short another cartpusher . 
Watching surrogates . 
Why do I allways fall for prank texts or prank calls . 
Watching the scoprion < PROPMALE > on netflix 
Getting ready for bed and for another stressfull day at work . But at least I won't working for the rest of my life . 
Man I am hot , I mean literaly 
peforming college math homework when , your dead tired is mentally exhausting . Exspeically since i haven't taken a math class since my senior of high school which was coach smoot who got fired . 
looking up old friends who i haven't spoken to in years . 
Taking the dogs out now . 
likes getting in touch with old friends 
Watching the karate kid 
Man that was a long movie woo 
I was almost fired today , for a bull crap reason if you know why text or message i dont everyone see alll of this bull crap . 
weather forcast for < PROPFIRST > - severthunder storm will happen any minute . at my house it will i am 2 < PROPMALE > away from < PROPFIRST > and its coming from hawk point . its going to be a hella of a storm . 
i think i have a cold achoo . out of all of the colds i have had in my life time only two of them made me sneese the others had no sneesing . oh yea its raining cats and dogs 
it is raining like a monsoon 
i am really enjoying sending friend requests to some very old friends who i have seen a long time . 
time for bed . 
Watching < PROPMALE > of the hill on my couch 
Before I go to bed 
I have some serious gas . open a window . 
About to watch Bleach , one of my favorite shows all time . 
Spring Break is coming up Wooo ! 
the face book project i have started of friending friends who i haven't seen since i moved to < PROPFIRST > , i didn't realize how many friends i left behind when i moved . i still have a lot more to go . 
so far on my face book project seeing great results which brings back a lot of good memories i had before i moved . 
owow ice cream head acke 
Now I can finally sleep 
I am almost hit a guy with no common sense with my car . He was walking his bike down the entracnce ramp mid rivers mall drive . He came out of no where . 
Waiting in line for the car wash at bp 
Shadow clone jutsu now wind style resengan shruiken take that my worst enemy . 
Had a great day today , best one in a long time . 
getting some food very very hungry . 
about to watch a netflix movie 
I had a hectic and chaotic day with , working by myself for 5 hours , when it was so freaking BUSY !!!! at walmart . I busted my but out there and i stayed late working because there was no closing stockman . it was insane . 
time for another netflix movie . I am exhausted from today . 
On my air bed watching tv and dragon age 2 4 days hell ya I pre ordered it . 
I just saw a gummy bear commercial and now I want gummy bears 
When will this rain stop and The MO river is allready over its banks 2 weeks ago . St. < PROPFIRST > had a flash flood warning today . 
even more thunder and rain . 
My kitten is more hyper than usuall , he is driving me nuts . He has allready turned off my computer twice . 
I am exahusted I worked a 11 hour shift . 
Watching kiss of the dragon 
just finished my homework and about to take a shower oh my kitten just stole my slice of pizza . 
if your trying to text me when i am at my house i will not recieve the message until i arrive in town , because sprint is really having some serious problems . 
now its time for my shower and the newest version of instense listerine . 
had a great shower and listerine total plus is some strong stuff it has a few new things like sodium choloride added to it and burns your toung . that means its working i love the intense listerine . 
another 3 hours till my class starts . 
Having a great day 
i am off till friday , what should i do on my days that i am off besides homework and the gym ? 
i rocked my kitten to sleep . 
i am freezing and i need to put a shirt on but i am like glued to my tv . my tv is my computer montior 
nervous for my mid terms and cannot sleep with my cats playing . 
random fact , i am english , < PROPFEMALE > , cheokee spelled that wrong , have little bit of < PROPMALE > in me . 
At pensoil getting an oil change and safety inspection . 
I hate walmart and a few assoicates and a lot of managers . 
Off work and my mom wants 2 , 24 packs of code red and bread 
i recived my MO State acceptance letter today . all of my plans are going accordingly 
Heading home from work and playing dragon age 2 
Quadrupple decker sandwitch yes 
getting ready to study for my math midterm tomorrow 
I am ready for my final and i am exaushted from work , probally go to bed at 10 
getting ready for bed and my cats are annoying the hell out of me . 
i am sick of all of these firm where updates on face book there getting annoying . 
Beautiful day for a midterm , time for some more studying . 
I am mentally exaushted from my college algebra midterm . I am horrible at math used to be my best subject . Once I hit the gym today I will be renjunvated . 
Had a bad ass workout , now I am at walmart 
I feel great ! 
watching Pirana spelled that wrong with mom upstairs at 10 
in sweeden elk get drunk off apples , i saw that nat geo wild . 
That's not a knife this is a knife 
I am begining to crash , oh boy 
I walked into the womens bathroom by mistake . I was on my phone and wasn't paying attention 
so very tired 
good night 
getting ready to watch the newest epsiode of naruto shippuden english sub 
i don't understand how i can be dead tired and trying to sleep and after 5 minutes of closing my eyes i am wide awake with lots of energy . this is getting annoying . 
Its beginning to snow , as I type this status update while , I am on the clock . 
Off work , heading home for a long needed shower and then dragon age 2 . 
i maxed out in bench tonight and i was able to bench 265 
getting ready for bed . 
eating my brother's gogurt and getting ready for work in about 20 minutes 
I have a severe migrain from all of the stress full occurnces at work today , also from lack of sleep . 
time for dragon age 2 then i am picking up my brother from work past st. peters 35 minute drive . I hope the weather isn't tood bad . 
i just chased my puppy around my yard for tens minutes , wearing shoes shirt , and shorts she wouldn't come in no jacket 
I have been bitten by a spider and my hand won't stop shaking 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ...... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be one word ...... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ...... Don't just post a word & not copy ..... That's no fun 
my kitten plays to rough with my cat < PROPFIRST > , at least my < PROPFIRST > is only a year old and who also is a mynx . 
i just completed 6 hours of college algebra homework with only a few breaks . man i am beat 
less than 3 weeks till i turn 20 . 
Had a great day today 
I hate when people spread rumors about someone and when there 100% false 
Dam the newest episode of Naruto Shippuden was bad ass , it revealed a 10 tail beast is getting good hell ya . can't wait till next week . 
time for a shower than work 
I am starving , my stomach is roaring . 
15 minutes , then go to the bank , after the bank gnc , then home , when I get home clean out my car , then pick up my brother , and finally the gym . Yahoo 
Bought some bad ass sunglasses 
i got my d day today 
watching Code Geass 
Had the most stress full day in years thanks to fat ass cart pusher and I hope < PROPFIRST > can make it the 8 hours stress of his shift with no help walmart go to hell 
its going to storm 
I will be 20 in 2 weeks ya 
i wonder what it will be like if a person was light enought and got blown away by the wind , that would be fun . strong winds\ 
not tornado 
i just got invited to another graduation party . 
i am hungry , eat so much , people who don't know me would not believe of how much i eat . 
