wishes he had another life so he could use it to be in the navy seals or army special forces :( 

is miserable ... and just wants to talk to her ... but she's too afraid to just let her guard down and be happy with me ... :( 
hates being sick with bronchitis , a sinus infection , and a sore throat :( haha 
When is it gonna end ...? :/ 
is almost legal :D or ... illegal ... depending on how u look at it . hahaha 
thanks for the shout outs u guys :) 
just found out , after sleeping in mrs moore's class all week , that there's a test tomorrow 
is hoping to kick ass in the tournament tomorrow :) 
is regretting waiting till the night before the paper is due to start and finish the damn term paper . screw procrastination . haha 
is bummed cuz everyone is posting a picture of their look alike celebrity but I dont look like anyone . haha 
My new rowing machine is officially the tightest thing I've ever trained with ... I think I'm in love . haha 
has had an epiphany ... as long as you don't give all of yourself to someone , it is not as disappointing when they reject you , however the right person for you may not see how great you are and therefore pass you up because of your want to hold back ... is the safety net worth it , or does it do more bad than good ? 
can't think of anything better to do on a nice Sunday afternoon than head to the track and do a 6x450 meter workout ... o wait , anything is better than that !!! 
well first acceptance letter was to University of Miami ... Offered me 24,000 dollars a year which was a cool little bonus . haha . I'm just waiting for the rest now , but it's off to a nice start :) 
is over it all :/ 
got his second college acceptance letter today to ... UCLA . Now I have Miami and UCLA , so I think it's cool :) haha 
\Luck is real ... and those who work the hardest always seem to have the most of it \"" 
has been accepted to UCSB , UCSD , UCLA , UC Berkeley , NYU , Bentley , Miami , and Boston College . Haven't gotten any no's yet so hopefully the other schools end up being good too !! :D haha 
just got back from miami . It was a pretty tight school , loved the athletic weight room :D haha . Got my first rejection from duke , then georgetown's acceptance helped make up for it . and of course seeing mi chica < PROPFEMALE > tonight just topped everything off :) hearing from the final four ivies thursday :o 
well the final colleges , the four ivies were not quite as kind as the rest . haha . yale and princeton rejected me , while university of penn and harvard put me on the waiting list . O well , it happens ... got a big decision to make now ! :D 
has to decide between Boston College , Georgetown , and Miami ... I need help !! :/ haha 
Doesn't know how to handle watching his senior year track season slip away due to a damn hamstring ... 
is officially a Boston College Eagle :D 
is starting to regret waiting till tonight to start his entire poetry analysis presentation , which will be presented tomorrow . haha . yay for procrastination :D 
is tired of drinking 3 and a half bottles of protein after every workout ... being bloated doesn't feel good . haha 
people r too afraid of death . haha . if u live in the moment and enjoy ur life and make sure to always be doing wat u want ... there is no reason to fear it :D 
has officially started his 3 week break from working out ... hopefully I can make it that long :/ haha 
had a lot of fun at prom :D great night with a great date :) 
is so glad it's the weekend ... but has saturday school tomorrow morning anyway ... damn it . haha 
\the box\ " is one of the weirdest movies I think I've ever seen . haha " 
If you go skydiving and realize your parachute is broken , do u panic till u hit the ground ? Hellllllll no ... You enjoy the ride as long as you can !! :D 
Goodbye < PROPMALE > , we'll miss you ... you were a great dog . Party it up in dog heaven . ha :( 
Finally back from BC !!! 
is tired of being sick and not being able to work out !! :( 
feels broken 
\I've got a tight grip on reality but I can't let go of what's in front of me here \"" 
can't deal with this shit anymore ... time to build a time machine ... 
College hasn't even started yet and I have a paper due in a week ... thats some bs . haha 
Hey pick three words that best describe me and let me know ... I already came up with a few and so did my parents ... so I was wondering wat other people think . lol . thanks :D 
dear mountain biking ... It's been a while , but I'm finally back ! :) 
Jairus , < PROPMALE > , Marcello = JBM = Just Blowin ' Money .... so sick ... and so funny . hahahahaha 
lets count it down ... 9 ish days till Boston gets me ... ooooooooo boy :D hahaha 
I know what's best for me , but I want you instead ... 
last day in the desert .... sweeeeeeeeeet :D haha 
5 1/2 flight ... 1 hour of sleep ... bring it on first day of college ;) 
I love college :D 
I feel like this is what heaven should resemble . hahaha 
my protein has finally arrived to campus !!!!!! :) 
sometimes you just can't believe you ever let yourself fall for some people . haha 
No shave november here I come ... 
why does \mint < PROPFIRST > crunche's\ " real name have to be < PROPMALE > " 
\you know you're hot when you're viewed as an object\ " -marcello . hahahahahaha " 
fantasy team is done ! 
the chick is cool 
hip hop saved my life 
how am I still alive today ? haha 
like it and I'll let you know what's up 
ari gold is my idol 
finally going home to see the family for my birthday and thanksgiving ... sweet 
thank you to everyone that wished me a happy birthday ! it made my day :D 
when pocket rockets lose to < PROPMALE > 10 , you're having a bad night 
the movie fired up has convinced me to become a cheerleader for 2 weeks 
not in good shape ... so Saturday should be interesting . haha 
51.4 first time back in a couple years ... take 2 and a half seconds off in the next few months and I'm good to go 
anybody wanna trade their right hamstring for mine ?? ... I'll give you 50 bucks 
