Happy New Year . I hope everyone is doing well and having a wonderful start to their new year . Now to finish baking < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday cake so I can make the cornbread and greens and peas and ... Oh well , there are worse things than making yummies for the folks I love . 

Catching up on my reading . Seems there were some gaps that needed to be filled . Just finished Heinlein's Stranger in a Strange Land . It was a bit ... strange . Definitely not for my youngsters . Maybe closer to college for them . :) 
Wow ! Is it August yet ? Three and a half days in and the kids are already at each other's throats . This does not bode well for them . 
Apparently I share my birthday with < PROPFEMALE > Day ( from < PROPFEMALE > , Dr. Horrible , the Guild and a bunch of other stuff . ) Woo Hoo ! Happy day to us and my other two friends who share a birthday with me . I'm in good company . :) 
Happy Fourth , Everyone !!! 
Great , now I ' m craving a coconut cake . Just what I need after stuffing myself silly yesterday . Hope everyone had a good weekend . :) 
Wow , it's popcorn time again ! Time to help out the troop and get some money in that scout account for activities and gear . ( Besides the new Chocolatey Triple delight is seriously tasty . ) 
It's almost time for school to start ! It's almost time for school to start ! It's almost time for school to start ! Doing the Happy-back-to-school dance and the kids are rolling their eyes . Woo hoo ! 
has dispersed minions to the far reaches of this < PROPFEMALE > town . I sent one to kindergarten and one to middle school and am now doing my back-to-school , happy dance . 
Well , that's the first week of school done and now for the Troop picnic ... complete with Double Chocolate Brownie Cake . :) 
( singing ) My bestest friend ever is getting married ... my best friend's getting married .. my best friend's getting married ! Woo hoo ! That's so cool ! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > ! 
< PROPMALE > had his very first soccer game ever and had a great time . He had a smile stuck to his face throughout the game , scored a goal and even managed to run the right direction the entire game . Now to prepare for tomorrows festivities and Jello Wars . 
Jello wars was a success . A sweet , sticky very messy success ... and a great excuse to turn the hose on the kids as well . 
Mmmm ... made pot roast for dinner and I'm going to make clafoutis for dessert ( a sort of apple dumpling cobbler ) . Gotta do something with the half-bushel of apples the kids and I picked . :) 
Damp , chilly Fall weather seems to bring out the domestic side . I've got dough for cinnamon buns rising , sourdough starter .. errr .... started and new knitting projects on the needles . If I start talking like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , smack me one time . Gotta go play some D&D Online to try to balance things out a bit . 
I've decided to give NaNoWriMo a whirl and see what happens . Maybe I finish , maybe I don't but at least it will be fun . Might as well do something interesting while I fight this stomach virus . :) 
Well , I'm already behind in NaNoWriMo , but I had fun yesterday at the park . I'm slowly starting to catch up ... at least until my next round of writer's block . :) In the meantime I found Write or Die which , along with my classical music , actually seems to help . 
Woo hoo ! I'm starting to catch up on my writing . Looks like after the kids ' bedtime is my best time to work . Think they'll go for a 18:00 bedtime ? Me either , but it's a thought :) Now if I could just figure out how to attach my Write or Die badge on here ... 
Off to Scouts with Iain and then a Thanksgiving feast with < PROPMALE > & his kindergarten class . Lots of fun in store . :) 
Made a Fudge Truffle Pie for a teacher appreciation lunch and gave out a half dozen copies of the recipe . Hope I wrote everything down correctly . Now back to writing while the kids are asleep ... :) 
Happy Thanksgiving , everyone . Hope you all enjoy the day . 
Woo Hoo ! Finished my NaNoWriMo with time to spare . Of course , I refuse to even think about editing until after < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding , but it's written . 
Woo hoo , enough snow for the kids to play in and roads clear enough to drive on . Not a bad day at all . Now to go bake some more bread and figure out where Iain stands on Boy Scout rank requirements . 
It's nice to be back in Greenville for a while . I'm getting ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding , hanging out with friends and family and generally having a good time . I hope I get to see everyone while I'm here . I'll be the one with flour and icing everywhere ... :) 
Wedding cake turnedout OK , wedding went off satisfactorily . Now to wrap presents like a mad woman and get a couple hours sleep before the munchkins tear open the gifts . 
Spent the day with Grandmother and some of my cousins that I haven't seen in years . It's really nice to reconnect with folks I haven't seen in a while . Hope everyone had a great Christmas . 
Just finished making Amish Apple Buns ( kinds like cinnamon rolls stuffed with apples ) . Topped with them with a glaze not included in recipe and nom , nom , nom ... :) < PROPMALE > requested a double batch for next time . 
Oh no , if there are roads flooded , will the buses run tomorrow ? The kids haven't had school since Thursday and the last forecast I saw called for some white stuff Thurs . /Fri . This just keeps getting better and better . :/ 
If the kids ' behavior is any indication , we should be in for about 3 ft . of snow , no matter what the weathermen say . On a side note , anyone have suggestions for organizing a chili cookoff ? I've had a couple suggestions so far , but would love more input & details . 
Well , the kids enjoyed sledding today but they only enjoyed it in small doses . Wind chill in the low singles ? Good gravy gracious ! Can't say I blame them for only briefly frolicking . At least nobody succumbed to frostbite . Of course the hot cocoa supply may never be the same ... :) 
And the snow is still falling . Looks like another ... interesting ... week around here . At least the kids are enjoying it . :) 
School's already closed for tomorrow and the stores have been depleted of their bread , meat , milk and salad . Looks like everyone is battening down the hatches . Gotta love those nor'easters . ( Me , I stocked up on cocoa and marshmallows . Can't be running out of essentials , you know . ) 
Looks like after snowing all day , it's finally starting to stick on our road . Yippee ? At least we've all got snow boots , scarves , hats and gloves . Now to find a handy snowbank to toss the kids in . Bwahahahah . er .. umm ... frolic , I mean to frolic in ... :) 
And it just keeps coming down . I'd love to let the kids out to play , but an hour ago it was chest deep on < PROPFEMALE > ( just under her shoulders . ) At least we have plenty of cocoa and marshmallows . :) \Today we will be learning about the Inuit ... \"" 
< PROPMALE > had to clear one of the heat pumps and just came back in a few minutes ago . The snow was up to his hips ... he's six feet tall . Sigh . 
Yippee . No school tomorrow ... again ... still .... I love my kids ... I love my kids ... I love my kids ... ( sigh ) I think I'll use this opportunity to see how many forms of chocolate I can use for consolation . Let's see , hot cocoa ... < PROPFEMALE > bar ... fudge ... cookies ... brownies .. cake ... :) 
Everyone who's a little tired of this white stuff falling from the sky , raise your hand . At least I got to restock yesterday , along with half the county . :) 
The whole week ? Seriously ? Not that I didn't know it was coming , but seeing on the website was just so ... real . Sigh . 
I can't believe there is a proposal to cut the library's by 50% . I know money has to come from somewhere , but seriously ?!? Half ?!? Our poor school libraries are already struggling & we depend on the local public library to help make up the difference , without them our kids are really screwed . 
Too gobsmacked to type properly , it's the library's funding that may be halved . Town Council meeting Monday , March 8 at 7:00 PM at the Government Center . I plan to be there to show support of the library , feel free to join us . 
Wow . I attended tonight's Town Council meeting and didn't get home until after 10:30 . They were still going strong when I left . If < PROPFEMALE > hadn't been feeling yucky , I would have stayed to the bitter end . Nice show of support for our library though , including several young people who got up to speak . ( Nicely done < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > & the girl whose name I missed . ) 
I officially hate surgery . I'm not a big fan of the anesthesia and recovery always feels like an eternity , but honestly , it's the \No food between Midnight and whenever the heck we're done\ " rule that really stinks . " 
To my mom and all the other mothers I know ... Happy Mother's Day ! 
News flash ... I hate strep . The only thing worse than having strep is having three kids with strep too . ( We went from a tri-strepta to four of a kind . ) At least nobody is contagious at this point . 
And we're off to another day at the soccer field followed by a birthday party for one of the Best Sitters Ever in the afternoon . It's a little busy but a lot of fun . 
You cannot legislate common sense . Some people are just determined to do stupid things . * sigh * 
As much as I enjoy watching my son and his friends practice for kindergarten graduation , I really don't < PROPFEMALE > having their songs stuck in my head all day . 
Polishing off some leftover brownie caramel cheesecake . Yummm ... When you wait for the kids to go to bed , you don't have to share . 
Wow , in the last couple days I've known three people who have lost close family members and another who had a very dear pet die unexpectedly . My heart goes out to each one of them . 
My eldest is now a 7th grader , the middle one is heading to first grade and the youngest may be starting preschool in the Fall . Whew . Now if I could just get them out the door and kick off their vacation . I'll miss them , but they're going to have a blast with Grandmother . :) 
Keeping my fingers crossed for a friend who really needs it and sending lots of love their way . 
The house is so quiet without the kids . They're having a blast with the grandparents , but I do kinda miss the li'l stinkers . ( Shh ... don't tell them though ) :) 
To all the Dad's out there ... Happy Father's Day !!! 
I got the job ! Woo Hoo ! Thanks to all who told them nice things about me & those who kept their fingers crossed for luck . 
I had a nice relaxing birthday . I had a very pleasant lunch and got to watch a favorite movie . Unfortunately the cleaning < PROPFEMALE > was a no show , so I guess it's back to the salt mines for me . Now where's that broom ? 
Enjoying the last day before I start my new job . Yay . I'm looking forward to it , but I could use a few more hours in my day to get things done here while the kids are gone . :) 
Finished up my first day at work . It was a short day , so not too bad , but there's a lot to process . At least I'm already familiar with the place and a fair number of the people . Looking forward to learning more tomorrow . :) 
The second day at work was even better than the first . It was quieter so I had a < PROPMALE > to absorb information . Plus I actually got to help some folks which is why I wanted the job in the first place . :) 
Just got back from dinner . I spent my day folding laundry while watching < PROPFIRST>'s Heroes , now there's a combination you don't see often . 
Here's a thought ... if you are going to insist on volunteering to do something and people are counting on you , do your job ! ( and no , showing up after someone else had to do all the work doesn't count . ) I now return you to your regularly scheduled evening . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head . 
Enjoying my day off hanging out at home . I'm baking banana bread and crocheting while kicking back . That menacing stack of laundry is the only blight on this otherwise wonderful day . :) 
Iain got an invitation to People to People for next summer . We got a letter last year too , but this time the trip will be to England , Ireland , Scotland and Wales . Wonder if I could sneak into his luggage . 
We're sooooo ready for school to start . Iain's eager to see the new school ( although it would be nice if he could see where his classes are located before the chaotic 1st day . Thanks a lot . ) < PROPMALE > can't wait to see < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Connor and all his other friends , < PROPFEMALE > is dying to start preschool and I'm thrilled to have them out of each others ' faces for a while . :) 
Two of our teen volunteers brought me a surprise belated birthday cake . Chocolate cake with chocolate frosting and sprinkles . It was fabulous and further proof that we have the best teen volunteers ever . I love working with these guys ! 
Had a nice day off . picked up odd and ends for school . Tomorrow is cake and ice cream day if it goes as planned and then Tuesday it's back to school for the kiddos ! :) 
Turned out the cake was a wash . Couldn't find ground almonds or marzipan . I quit looking for them when my head started thumping . I consoled myself w/ homemade strawberry ice cream . May try again tomorrow . 
Kids survived the first day of school , not entirely sure about the poor teachers . Glad we're only a block from WCMS . At 8:00 traffic was jammed up . < PROPFEMALE > & I waited for the line to clear to walk back home , it was 8:35 . ( tardy < PROPFEMALE > rings @ 8:20 . ) 
I'm holding < PROPMALE > Fforde and his Thursday Next novels responsible for my British baking forays . First it was the quest for Eccles cakes and now I'm going nuts trying to get the ingredients for a Battenberg . With a new novel pending release , who knows what I'll be baking next ? 
If your Mom is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your mother still with you , or if she is an angel in heaven , Paste this onto your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mother and love her lots ! xxx 
I have marzipan and I'm not afraid to use it . ( Also have ingredients to make my own . ) Ready or not , Battenberg here I come ! Guinea pigs ... I mean taste testers , get ready . 
Arrr ... today be International Talk Like a Pirate Day . This'll be a good day to have me wee scalawags swab the decks . Otherwise they may be walkin ' the plank . 
Plan : set radio clock to oldies station and wake to mellow music . Reality : Bolt straight up when alarm goes off with \AAAAAOOOOOOOO !!! Werewolves in London\ " . Must be Monday . " 
I had 10 shining Tiger cub faces smiling at me during our Cub Scout meeting tonight . We played games like crazy people and had fun . I hope they all come back . I love my new group of kids and parents each year . 
spent the afternoon at Urgent Treatment getting < PROPFEMALE>'s \gaping head wound\ " stitched up . Just a gash really . 4 stitches later and we have a head start on this year's costume . She says maybe a pirate . She was thrilled we still got to see Shy in the homecoming parade . " 
So sad to discover we lost a member of our Scouting family over the weekend . My thoughts go out to < PROPFEMALE > Brown's family and loved ones . She will be sorely missed . 
playing around with the UK citizenship test and not doing too well so far . I may have to console myself by baking something sweet . Perhaps another attempt at a Battenberg , a batch of Eccles cakes or maybe a pumpkin roll . 
OK , I officially hate systems that only give one security question , don't like your answer and then lock you out . Seriously ?!? Give me a break , you overheated lump of ones and zeros . One day , when I manage to go all Tron-like , there's gonna be a reckoning . I'm just sayin ' . 
Tip- If you really want to get elected , quit calling me non-stop , especially with a recorded message in the middle of dinner . I'm taking notes , < PROPMALE > and I'm bringing them to the voting booth . I'm just sayin ' . 
Looks like Iain will be taking the SAT or ACT ( or maybe both ) before long . It may mean he can do one of the programs at Johns Hopkins . I'm keeping my fingers crossed for him . 
Made it to the polls before going to work at lunchtime . 5 booths , no waiting . It took longer to park and walk in than it did to sign-in and vote . :) 
Getting ready for an emergency trip to SC to see my grandmother . If you need to reach me , try my cell . I can't make any guarantees about online accessibility over the next couple days . I'm just glad I get the < PROPMALE > to see her again . You never know how much time you'll get to share with someone and when they are 98 , and you've had so many , you want to squeeze in a few more if at all possible . 
It's tough to lose the best grandmother in the whole world , but she came from and inspired the best family ever . I am so lucky to be part of a group that cares for each other deeply and never hesitates to let each other know how much they are loved . 
Yesterday morning , we went to get the paper and discovered a hole where Grandmother's mailbox was supposed to be . It was gone , post & all . Very annoying on top of everything else going on . This morning , my aunt went to get the paper and the mailbox was back , as if nothing had happened . * cue Twilight Zone theme * :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and I really enjoyed listening to the high school bands perform for Veteran's Day . Skyline , < PROPMALE > County and RMA all sounded fantastic and it was nice to see people turn out in support of our veterans . 
just finished having dinner and topped it off with a Kiwano ( horned melon ) . It was an ... interesting experience . Looks like a weapon , but tastes good . Next time we do a web search BEFORE trying to serve it up . LOL ( This is what happens when Grandfather lets the kids pick the produce . ) 
Samuels Public Library is hosting the Annual Holiday Writing Contest and we could really use a couple more judges . If you are interested & are available tomorrow ( Thurs . ) @ 4:00 , come to the Children's Department . If you can't make it @ 4 , but can come a little later , we'd love to have you . If you know someone else who might be interested , please pass this on to them . Thanks y'all . 
Having a traditional Thanksgiving lunch of .... chili ?!? Actually Grandmother used to always have a pot of veg soup going on stove on Thanksgiving . I had chili ingredients and figured it could stay in crockpot , freeing up valuable stove space and keeping little ( and big ) fingers off the turkey . 
spent all day in the kitchen yesterday . Today I'm not doing anything more complicated than boiling water , using the toaster or microwaving . With all our leftovers , everyone should be just fine . 
Aaaarrrrggghhh ! That is all . 
Argh , My phone sat on the charger all afternoon and I hardly used it since , so why is it only half charged . Seriously , the phone really should last longer than the service plan . Grrr ... 
As much as I hate bronchitis , I hate pertussis even more . Who has time for this crud , especially at this time of year ?!? Yuck ! 
Another snow day ? The county roads must be a lot worse than the ones here in town or perhaps they are icier than ours is . Oh well , the kids will enjoy it either way . Looks like a cocoa and cookies kind of day . :) 
Pay It Forward 2011 : I'll send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . * Rules : It must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . ( If you are one of the first 5 , please message me your address ) 
Well , looks like < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > so far , will be getting something handmade this year as I pay it forward . Hope you guys have fun and enjoy your gifts . :) 
I don't want Facebook to upgrade my profile for me . If I wanted it upgraded , I would have done it already . The fact that I didn't should tell them something . Grr ... 
I deliberately did not choose the new profile and despise Facebook for forcing the upgrade . Now I have to decide what the next step is . Grrrrr ... 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets this and follows the instructions ) 
Why do my kids suck down all the milk and plow through sandwiches right before icky weather starts to come in ? I swear they just want to watch me wrestle half the county to replace our bread & milk . It's a plot , I tell ya ' . 
Well , looks like the boys got their snow day . Wonder if I'll get a day off too . :) 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what everyone wants- to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are ... faced with it . 
Its Daughters week !! If you have a BEAUTIFUL daughter(inside & out ) that you love more than you can describe ; copy and paste this to your wall .... Your daughter will hold your hand for a little while ; but will hold your heart for a lifetime 
As we suspected , no school ! I woke up to the sounds of sleet plinking on the window pane . Now if we can just get enough for the kids to actually play in , it will be worth it . :) 
Well , didn't take long for the Wii to get shut off . I don't know what it is about that < PROPFIRST > game that brings out the worst in them , but everyone has been kicked off and sent to play with toys or read a book . I really need some snow so I can toss them outside . 
I think one way or the other my eldest is going to school tomorrow . He'll either be carrying his books or dragging the sled . :) 
< PROPMALE > County went ahead and made the call . It will be Iain and the sled tomorrow . Enjoy the snow day . :) 
Yay for pre-teen angst and drama . Well , at least the day has to improve from here . 
Heading into wedding & baby season . Showers and ceremonies fill the forecast , but as long as they aren't for me , it's all good . If you're out & about , you'll probably see me rolling through Target filling up a cart . :) 
Just finished watching Secretariat . Thoroughly enjoyed it even though I already knew how it ended . :) 
Enjoyed the shower . Good luck < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Hey , Flu ! Yeah I'm talking to you . Shove off , pack your bags , hit the road . You're not welcome here so move on . That's all I have to say about it . :p 
First flu and now sleet ?!? Monday , knock it off or I won't be your friend anymore . 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right 
Monday- I don't like you at all , not even a little bit . You're officially on probation . If you can't behave better than you did today , I will attack my calendar with my Wite-Out and I will feel absolutely no remorse whatsoever . \ 
Tuesday- consider yourself warned . 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE DISRESPECTING GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future ... 
Looks like several folks have decided to give up common sense for Lent . I'm taking my laryngitis and crawling back under the covers . 
This stupid laryngitis is killing my paycheck ! Makes me want to scream ... if only I could . :: sigh :: And to the parent who insisted on hauling their sick kid in so they could infect everyone ... a swift kick in the pants . ( Be glad I'm not handing you our dr. bills . ) 
I'm so ready to hit the hay , but my meds say I can't lay down for another half hour . Maybe I'll just sleep sitting right here . 
I love going on field trips with my kids , but 6:30 AM ? Ugh . Tomorrow's not going to start off pretty . At least I'm not the one doing the driving into the District . Packing reading , knitting and possibly a pillow . :) 
The tour of the Pentagon was great , the weather was fantastic and I didn't lose any kids ... despite my best efforts . ;) \ 
Actually , my son has picked a pretty good group of friends . 
Sending out lots of prayers for my friend and her baby . 
My best friend is just over 23 weeks pregnant . Due to problems they were going to deliver in the morning , but just had to roll her back to the OR . I you have any extra prayers , positive thoughts , good wishes etc ., could you send some her way ? 
I just got the OK from the NICU back home to send in preemie caps . No restrictions on yarn , they just ask that they be soft and sized to fit a grapefruit ( the size most in demand ) . I know what my new project is ( along with a smaller one for < PROPMALE > ) . :) 
Little < PROPMALE > is moving on through his first week and the fans are going wild . He totally aced the brain scan and is getting lots of love . It's the first steps on a long road , but the path goes through the hearts of all who love him . We're all cheering for you , < PROPMALE > . 
For all my local friends , the Challenger league will be having a Womanless Beauty Pageant fundraiser on April 17 . You don't have to perform a talent , just show up in your best wig and dress and answer a couple questions . If you want to help kids with special needs have a < PROPMALE > to play baseball , let me know and I'll get you the info . 
I love being so close to < PROPFIRST>'s . It makes Thursday night's dinner so much easier to take care of . :) 
< PROPMALE > decided he wanted camo cupcakes for school tomorrow . It would have been a lot easier if half my icing colors weren't either dried out or gone walkies . Arrrgh . I know what I'm getting before Saturday evening . 
Taking the kids to the drive-in for < PROPMALE>'s birthday . It'll be a long night , but it'll be fun . :) 
