stuck at the home , away from the house , ain't no way to get gone , ran out of my little fun , stuck at the home , when will the snow be done ? no guitars and time runnin slow 

was eating biscuts and gravy and in the process the plactic fork broke to where his hand punched the last biscut and it was funny . Though he still was sad cause he had to leave his meal briefly to get another fork , but this one was made of metal ... like him . 
Oh by the way which pink ? 
Oh by the way which one's pink ? 
' s life is crazy . 
is coming back people , just give him time . 
' s phone is dead and he loves that . 
wishes you to read his note . 
forget what you want and do what you should . 
just \randomly\ " came across 2 < PROPFIRST > 3 ... randomly ?... " 
\I've lost my way I'm so alone and all I want is to come home . \"- Back From Cali by Slash & < PROPMALE > Kennedy . Yet so applicable now in my life . " 
deep is simple , lack of knowledge is what complicates everything . 
None of a Kind 
needs new band name cause none of a kind is taken sadly . 
when you fall do you stand back up or dig around for a while ? 
thanks all for b day comments . 
1 . For the < PROPFEMALE > 2 . For the Show 3 . To get Funky and 4 . Make our Rock Roll ( fist bump ) 
can die to himself daily but not to others . Free willed internal pollution effects other's perception and now that I try to let it be good it's not appreciated cause of my past folly . I can't open minds I can just prove mine . You want the me and when I deliver your selfishness desires me as vain and vague . You close your mind and I harden my heart , brother we hurt each other more than we know . 
PRS 
FREE Show ! Tonight ! Coney Island ! None of a Kind , Roadside Redemption , Snorlaxx , & < PROPFEMALE > ! Starts at 10:30 pm ! I'd love to see everyone who reads or doesn't read this to be there . 
loves his band 
give me a burden and inspire a < PROPFEMALE > , hurt , fire , scar , lesson , story . 
http://www.youtube.com/user/NoneofaKind04?feature=mhum 
Hungry 
Got new phone , text him your name and a funny message , he needs practice . Smiley face . 
Loves running out of gas 
If there was only a way to autopilot through crappy parts of life 
Now is not forever 
Lost his wallet , tire blew out , come on revelation 
wrecked his < PROPFIRST > , cryin wont help ya and pain wont do ya no good . 
o happy day . 
Wants to know where Zeus is , not knowing is not uplifting 
lol < PROPFEMALE > still thinks osama did 9/11 ... ha ha they got played . 
thinks we should have a political idol , no campaigning no bs , just political leaders who get tested in front of us to do their job the best , and right before we cast in our votes we have to go through a test of morals in order to make the vote count . Sounds ridiculous we just do that in an immoral more celebrity way in Merrikah . 
that preacher makes believers look like idiots lol 
music is my life and i can't even write a song oh well 
Today I pooped myself a little in church :( 
What's on your mind ? 
when i turn on the history channel i wanna learn something , how am i supposed to learn anything when all they do is show reality shows with generic jokes , bad liars(actors ) , and reruns . Seriously , are they trying to make some sick joke about the saying , history repeats itself ? 
turner & hooch = good ass movie . 
i realize there are alot of people that think they are too much of a wound to stop bleeding , i used to be one of them , well find a band aid it healps . 
it's pretty crappy recently , revolution now ? tyrants need be reminded they can bleed again , yay nay or okay . we all know we need to < PROPFIRST > these goliaths :-) 
hot weather , hot weather go away come again when you're tolerable . 
This isn't search bar ! 
Angels on the sideline , \ 
Puzzled and amused . \ 
Why did Father give these humans free will ? \ 
Now they're all confused . \ 
Don't these talking monkeys know that\ 
< PROPFEMALE > has enough to go around ? \ 
Plenty in this holy garden , silly monkeys , \ 
Where there's one you're bound to divide it . \ 
Right in two . \ 
Baffled and confused . \ 
Father blessed them all with reason . \ 
And this is what they choose ... 
so i'm annoyed with cnn , we know more about what < PROPMALE > queda does than what our government is doing , keep your friends close but your enemies closer comes to mind , but since we are the people fed this \truth\ " then we the people must be the enemy and that's true cause if terrorists aren't that soci < PROPMALE > then why is the government so close to the \ " enemy \"?" 
has gone looking for Creativity , where did it go , is it under this rock ? 
\NO PEACE TEA ?! Finding Jesus is easier than finding Peace Tea ! \ " -Bron Helton " 
If an officer violates your rights then any evidence discovered as a result of that violation must be suppressed from the evidence at trial . No consent was given to them , no < PROPFEMALE > rights read to me , and I even saw the swine make up a lie about attaining probable cause , now I'm wallowing with them . I wish the pig would live a day in the shoes he makes people fill , catching flack from family , not giving the full fear to God , and being treated like , well , swine . 
if I were the Devil and I wanted to complete the destruction of the world I would set it up to where nonrenewable resources control society's state so it'll fall when I've depleted them , outlaw renewable resources completely capable of more than what society will run out of the ground , have big businesses back my decisions so my soulless drones fulfill their needless wallets , and watch all the people unknowingly buy into my greatest work of witchcraft yet . 
slippery seals Batman ! 
famines , droughts , quakes , right is wrong , wrong is right , abstaining from foods , abstaining from marriage , doctrines of demons , hypocrisy of liars seared in their own conscience as with a branding iron ; all these things and still few comprehend reality correct , I blame the government for training everyone in schools to ignore the truth by continuous regurgitation , but that's all part of their plan . Brought to you by 3rd eye , don't shut it :-) 
Gutting anguish not forgotten , eternal life will not be mine tonight . But if I wake to find perdition , then I know the fault is mine . 
1 gLove 
if you haven't checked out the Gospel of < PROPFIRST > , check it out . 
