so we just got a 42 inch LCD flatscreen and it's fun watching < PROPFIRST > cause he's like a little kid on Christmas morning with the thing right now ... I love making that man happy 

I'm bored .... 
really hate my life right now .... 
not much ... stuck in baltimore till monday ... then im off to Germany 
I'm in Germany ... 
It's cold outside ... really cold ... where's the hubby when you need him ... 
One more day and then the weekend ... I may hit Ramsteine Saturday and then possibley Munich ... it all depends .... 
... lonely , I'm so lonely , i have nobody ..... 
this has got to be the slowest week yet . Sitting in class for 7+ hours every day . Time really doesn't fly that way ... and my phone needs to hurry up and reconnect to my new room ... I have a hubby to call ... 
yay !!! I got my phone connection fixed so I can talked to my hubby and the family !!! :) 
oh , what now ? 
wow , \secondhand serenade\ " is an interesting band ... I like them though . At least at this moment .... " 
wow , this is a shitty night ... 
that shower felt good ... 
blah ... it's a rough weekend this week 
loneliness is a crappy feeling 
... sigh ... he makes me feel so much better when I'm having a down day ... god I love him ! 
I believe it's gonna be a good day ... 
Why ? 
I'm so worried now . I don't know what to do anymore ... 
I'm so frustrated !!! What do I do anymore ?!? 
I love my husband so much ! 
I'm so relieved right now ... 
I talked to him and I'm so relieved !!! 
Kusel Castle is a cool place , sorta earie at night though ... 
Yay for holidays !! Now what to do ... 
God I'm exhausted .... 
Maybe it's times to just let go ... 
and so the pain begins ... how am I gonna get through this ? 
... sigh ... 
wow , room is actually getting cleaned up ... 
well , that was interesting ... 
yay ... paperwork is almost done ... god I can't wait ! 
this headache is not going away ... 
I wish I could talk to someone right now ... I miss home 
God it hurts ... 
It's been a wierd day ... 3 :) 
I so can't wait till he comes over ! 
wow , I'm pretty sure bored would be an understatement right now ... I'm going slightly crazy ... 
watching Titanic , my favorite movie of all time ... such a sad movie 
oh poo 
maybe I'll watch Ice Age III ... hmmm 
coffee time ... I so didn't want to get up this morning ! Where is the hubby when I need an excuse not to get out of bed ? 
I shouldn't have slept in so long ... dang 
yep , I love him 
any longer and I would have died ... 
Minus the rain , I'm happy and really excited for < PROPFIRST > to get here ... I can't wait !!! 
Productive day today ... made me happy 
I'm so excited now !!! 
... sigh ... it's been a long day . Thank god tomorrow is friday 
I'm so glad it's the weekend ... 
it's a good night ... or should I say morning ... 
I freaking love him ... 
hmm ... 
If the wind was any stronger today , I would have been blown away ... 
blah ... 
i love 4 day weekends 
20 days ... if only it went fast ... 
... thanksgiving ... blah ... 
1 hour left , then I'm sleeping for a week ... 
my sleep pattern is so messed up now 
It's almost over .... hurry up time !!! 
... hmm .... 
16 Days ! 
tomorrow's pay day , and one more day down ....!!! 
wow it's cold outside ... 14 days !!! 
grrr ... mommys .... 13 days !!!!! 
god , my back really hurts .... 
lonely , I'm so lonely , I got nobody .... 
headache won't go away 
pooh 
that was a fast weekend ... 
1 week !!!! 
OMG , I so can't wait ! why is it alway the last week that drags by so damn slow ?! 
busy day today ... may end up staying later than usual for work ... 
For some reason , I feel exhausted ... blah 
I gotta a feelin ' .... 
... sigh ... blah 
This snow needs to stop until Wednesday night .... 
yay ... more sunflower seeds 
blasted wind !!! 
OMG ... I can't wait for Wednesday !!!!!! 
He's finally on his way !!! 
He's here ! At last ! God it's so good to be with him again 
Finally got housing and we can really settle down now for the next few years ... sure about time 
a foot and a half of snow .... mmm , I'd say that's about enough ... :) 
the feild .... oh yay .... 
night shift really sucks in the field ... people are always coming and going so there is always a bunch of noise you have to deal with ... in the end , the lack of sleep catches up to you ... 
finally got to go to trier . It was fun and I'm tired ..... lol 
So it's definately official now . 21 weeks later . We're having a girl . 
My baby won't stop kicking the living day lights out of my organs .... 
So , now that we know what we are having we made out gift registery at target public ... hint hint , wink wink ... 
feeling forgotten , alone , and pregnant . what an awesome combo . sometimes I swear the meds don't do their job . 
So pregnancy has its perks . Eight hour work days which means I get out of most of the formations the army decides to throw at us after 1400 . 7 more weeks till < PROPFIRST > is hopefully here . Boy these last two months are dragging by ! 
< PROPFIRST > is finally in the head down position and the contractions are more frequent and definately more painful . hopefully the means that she will be here soon . Preferably in a week or two . I'm done with this prego thing . 
She is finally here ! Though it hurt like hell , yes it was worth . 
We finally have our car ! 
ahhh ! Babies really wear you out . She's finally asleep . For now . 
Waiting to go back to bed ... she's fighting it again , but her eyes are half shut ... 
I've never been one for kids , but I guess when it's your own it's different . Despite what seems like never-ending crying and sleepless nights , I'm definately thankful I had her . She has given me a whole new outlook on life in general . Maybe I needed that . 
ok ... hurt , dissappointed , upset .... wiped out . I feel like a single parent more than the married kind ... 
Thinking too much again ... can I have a brain transplant ? 
Well , a boring shift of brigade staff duty . Of all people , why pic the one with an infant at home to pull the 24 hour bs . I feel horrible for leaving my hubby with her all day and night today and most of the day tomorrow while I sleep . She can be a handful . On the brighter side , she looks adorable right now gripping her bottle as if she's the one holding it . 
On staff duty ... how fun . than home to watch the baby and wait for the hubby to come home with the dog so I can get some shut eye . Than fishing on Thursday . That should be fun ... then here again ... every three days until I'm told otherwise ... 
Here we go again ... same crap , different day ... 
Oh ... my poor lizard ... 
3 more hours ... now time is really dragging 
watching my daughter stare in wonder at the toy in front of her on her tummy mat . It's moments like these you remember forever . 
I hate this shit ... bad night . what is wrong with picking someone who has no life to pull these rediculeous shifts . I got shit I'd like to do some time before I die . 
listening to nightwish the band . not a bad band 
Long night ... sleep is definately calling right now ... 
This redbull isn't doing it's advertised job .... I'm screwed 
Staff duty .... again .... what a surprise . At least it's the weekend so it's pretty quiet and laid back . 
castle , you are a lifesaver .... 
can the day go any slower ? I need something to drink 
Other than bordom , this gig is ok I guess . Not something I want to do for too much longer though 
3 more hours ... yay 
My wonderful husband and I have been married two years today . I can't believe how quickly time has gone by and how much has happened since then . I have an amazing life with this man and we have been blessed with an amazing daughter . 
Babies are a handful , but when they're teething , they're more than that . But no matter what , they're still adorable and worth all the trouble . 
It's a beautiful day outside and I'm stuck behind a desk all day long ... 
Long stinkin day . All I want to do now is go home and cuddle with the hubby on the couch ... 2 hours to go ... sigh 
I have resorted to watching Daria ... what is happening to me ...??? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s and pizza , just what the doc ordered . now to figure out munchkin's problem ... 
So my daughter finally discovered just how nummy clean toes after bath time taste . 
sometimes , my brain just needs to be removed ... too much going on inside ... 
Well , my ass is going to Afghanistan in a few weeks . Just in time for the heat ... 
feeling somewhat deppressed right now ... sigh 
went fishing today with the hubby . Caught a fish ... finally ... but I really enjoyed just spending the day with him above all . It's hard to get the alone time with just the two of us now days . Love you babe 
5:30 monday morning , I hate you more than usual today . you came 4 hours too early . 
well , my lovely pos pink gay laptop finally hit the dust . it's a good thing we got the hp when we did . now for a new one to take down range with me . fun 
well , < PROPFIRST > woke up and I changed the diaper , fed her , and now she is babbling to herself while filling a once clean diaper again .... oh babies ... 
spent the last two days fishing with the family . It was < PROPFIRST>'s first time really being outside for an extended period of time . That baby loves the outdoors . 
this really sucks .... :( 
I am never living in the middleeast .... ever 
sadness , the hubby isn't on .... tears 
It's raining . I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not down here .. 
feeling really homesick right now :( 
wow , stable internet .... what a miracle ... 
flight got cancelled , again . supposed to fly out some time at o'dark stupid . and the internet is being stupid , so blah . gonna be a long night 
I will never live in this country by will 
saw my first sandstorm . let's just say that you don't want to be out in it when it arrives ... 
finally where I'm supposed to be .... 
this heat is killing me and it's not even that hot for this country .... 
finally doing my real job . yay 
waiting for the highlight of my day to get on ... 
cls class ... can it get any more boring ...? 
went for pretty much my first run since having morgan ... it felt good , but I've got some work ahead of me ... 
I have the greatest husband in the world !! I love you babe !!!! 
every morning we wake up , it's ten degrees hotter than the day before . How do they live down here ... 
night shifts ... out here , i'd prefer that over the day . The sun is down and I'm not sweating like a pig 
stupid stupid internet . Why do you have to be so unstable ... 
Waiting and hoping that my better half gets on 
blah ... long boring night 
bout to watch the back of my eyelids to pass the time ... 
yay , my internet is up and running . slowly , but it's running 
blah .... 
sigh ... and another day in the desert ... 
yay , range tomorrow ... finally getting outside the wire 
internet's tempermental mood tonight is really annoying me ... 
one more day down , sitll too many to go ... 
I've been gone a month but it feels like a year ... tears 
talking to the hubby and watching a movie ... 
I can't wait to get home even though it's still forever away .. I can't wait to see my baby girl and the greatest man on earth , even the animals ... I know , you miss the canned food ... 
it's a blah day ... 
so , can I go home now ??? 
somebody mixed my medicine ... don't know what I'm on ... only nutjobs join a force and I guess I'm one of them 
skype , you are slowly becoming my enemy . hurry up and fix the attitude ... 
I think I'm hearing things 
so , it was a rough day only because of the 112 degrees outside , but the evening was quite pleasant considering where I'm at . chilling on the lumpy bed , talking with the man I love . Now to get home ... 
so , I slammed my middle finger with a hammer , now it's been throbbing since then 
I'm done with this heat 
blah , I hate nights now 
bored , need someone to talk to ... 
I want to see my baby :( 
Waiting for him to get on ... 
