finally published something on that stupid blog ! 

does anyone know if there's summer homework for AP stats ? 
loves her new guitar 
is bored with all the bio homework . 
does anyone in AP < PROPFEMALE > kno how to cite Faulkner when you quote him ? 
would like to stop working on this essay . 
does anyone now the class ID number and enrollment passward for LPs second hour ? 
just got accepted to Hogwarts ! 
must . complete . embark . 
hates AP stats 
does anyone know what Mr. K's psych test is on tomorrow ? 
doesn't know what to write for U of M's essays 
finished msu and grand valley applications ! Now all that's left is ohio state and michigan 
shall fail the stat test tomorrow 
will be using a college essay for her reading journal . yay laziness . 
would love to play hockey today but cant see that happening 
hates hates hates reading journals 
would like to go to bed now . 
' s head is exploding 
kindof wants the sharks to win . Dont tell < PROPFEMALE > . 
hopefully watching calgary get crushed by new york 
DCD had some crazies out on the ice tonight 
sticks and pucks today ! then hockey practice afterwards . oh hockey , how i love thee . 
for AP < PROPFEMALE > reading journals , does anyone know if we just pick two random stories from the Norton Reader to do this rhetorical precis thing ? 
hockey game against ladywood at 6:30 :D 
that which does not kill me only postpones the inevitable 
watching the flames incinerate the blackhawks muahaha ( pun intended ) 
is going to be up all night ? Sighhh 
still has nothing done for psych . Procrastination prevails once again . 
sickkk but that's okay because now I can work on psych for the whole day 
To whoever stole stuff from my car : fuck you pal , I hope your life is as shitty as you are 
definately failed my < PROPFEMALE > essay oh yeahhh 
ohp I should probably write that essay 
got into OSU finally :) 
essay . Joy . 
woah < PROPMALE > DCD needs to invest in a mass order of midol 
oh essays how I loathe thee 
curse you Steinbeck and your monstrous 619 paged \epic \"" 
is sick . Someone shoot me . 
is thoroughly enjoying this lava lamp . 
cant think of anything to write . 
gives up . 
must ... complete ... essay 
thanks everyone for all your birthday wishes :) 
< PROPFEMALE > broke down .... awesome . 
received a speeding ticket today . Lovely . 
Indiana for a weeeeek . 
I'm going to miss my bestest friend ever , < PROPFEMALE > Gehringer , soooo much . I am obsessed with her . I wish I was her . She is my role model . God , I love her . 
mountain biking like a champ . 
bored and overheating . 
All you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be . 
wants a pillow pet . 
go greeen ? 
Thursday why must you get here so slowly 
feels bad for all the household cleaning products that Swiffer steals jobs from . 
Studying ... this feels weird . 
attempting to eat cup of noodles with a butter knife 
reeeeeaaaaally wants to go for a drive . Not the bus kind . 
is going to Western wooop wooop 
with Breazy the Big Easy ( Brea < PROPFIRST > ) 
is going to fail my seven day challenge . Rats . 
studying in the laundry room again . Ahh the sweet sound of clothes being washed . 
playing hockey on ze pond <3 
Dead phone . Charger's whereabouts unknown . 
