XD yup , not much 

weeeeee , Christmas is just around the corner 
blah :P 
weeeeeeee , just got home and have to type my english comp . XP 
blah , tired from school and now have nothing to do 
I got accepted to the Vet Tech Insitute !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Going to Ohio with the youth group for Dare 2 Share : Blaze . Leaving the church @ 1:30 today and wont be back until sometime Sunday 
Blah , going onto 4 days off school and i'm bored out of my mind 
Meep , Meep , Meeeeeep , Me-Me-Me-Meep . trying to plan things to do 2maro ....... 
Parents are going to home expo at the mills mall . Taging along just to window shop , lol 
Blah , my mind went south when the snow started falling 
thanks every1 for the b-day wishes , i had a great b-day !!!!!!!!!!!! 18 years of life and many more to come !!!!!!!!!! 
feelin drained from school . need to do this rough draft for english , but is distracted as usual XP 
home and busy eatting cold food since it was finished while i was out job shadowing 
once again apollo ridge , i start to get ready when u call a 2-hour delay . Any < PROPMALE > that ur gonna change to close while we're at it ? 
i sooooooooooo called it . now that i've been up for 2hours ( apollo ) , i can't go back to sleep T-T 
look at a day of being home . don't think there is anything planned for today 
checking in . have to wait a couple more days so we don't go over on our interet usage 
Blah , glad today is friday 
Sisterv is out getting her teeth pulled for braces . not sure if anything else is gonna happen today 
MEEP !!!!!! 
Saved a live today . Donated blood !!!!!!! First time and it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be . 
thoughts r racing throu my mind 
blah , woke up trying to decide if it was thursday or friday ... then remembered it was thursday .......... wish it was friday 
denied 
trying to figure out whats going on today 
see what 2maro brings . mom is already disagreeing on my choice of clothes for my costume for the musical XP 
Blah 
grr , once again i came home w a headache .... need food 
had fun being kicked in the head by my dog last night 
happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s day 
love my physic homework ..... build a toy boat motor and we get to keep them 
home from job shadowing , food now , and then multi-tasking on net and \phys-homework \"" 
today going so slow that my mind is blah 
on a mission ..... getting times for the moives ..... i like chocolate 
you need to be as mad as a mad hatter 
not sure if anything is happening today other than youth later 
the love of Jesus pours over me and others who believe 
Happy Easter !!!! Bless the day thaat Jesus < PROPFEMALE > from the dead . He conquered the grave for us so that we may have everlasting life through him . Anyone who believes in him will pass through the gates of heaven and be with him 
play tonight , tomarrow , and saturday . Any one here going ? 
Yesterday's show went very well !!!!! Who's coming out to see it 2night ??? Come on , you know you want to see it 
PREPARE YE , come to the last perfromance of Godspell tonight !!!!!! The last two shows have been amazing , so here's your last < PROPMALE > to come see if you didn't or if you want to see it again ! 
had something to say here , but now i forget ( lol ) 
school seemed to by real fast today with the delay . Sorry to all juniors who hate it . going for highlights in a few and now it is time to eat the chicken my mom got me to pull out of the freezer this morning 
Waking up to find out that God help to lead a man to find that girl with autism . God works in misterious ways like this . OH BLESS THE LORD MY SOUL !!!!!!!! 
Love how I accidently threw < PROPFEMALE>'s shoe onto the roof of the church over < PROPFEMALE > and no one here believes me . Seriously , I was aiming for the doors when it went flying upwards . I'll have to pay for another pair if we can't get it . ( not that she can do the same back . She broke my headphones a year back and wastold to pay me back . Ends up , Mom bought me a new pair and < PROPFEMALE > got off < PROPFIRST > free ) She was throwing them at me 
Went to take a scholarship exam down at Vet Tech Institution , hope I get something out of it . Got to check and print more scholarships from FastWeb.com sometime soon . Now is time to multi-task while I work on my senior stuff . 
ok , million things I gotz to do over the weekend ... and maybe ordering invites 4 grad party and going out to eat later 
not sure what'g goin on today . mom got me mad so far .... 
Really wants to see Letters to God , maybe this weekend if the theater has it . Gona work on my portfolio and study for anatomy when I print scholarship stuff from fastweb.com 
Mom is feeling sick , so now I'm going to multi-task between doing stuff around the house and my portfolio 
home from therapy , just finished making dinner ( ready to heat country fried steak ! ) , may go to youth later if nothing comes up , and almost half way through my portfolio 
Just got to print and organize my stuff for my portfolio . Yeaaaaaa wasting paper ! ( ok , not really)trying to plan stuff to complete over the weekend for scholarships and school , but it might be pushed back because of untold plans that pop up ( hoping maybe mom and I will get to see Letters to god ^-^ ) 
Now that the portfolio is over , time to focus on exit interviews and scholarships . Going out to eat later when < PROPMALE > gets home and showers . Spaghetti dinner tomarrrow to support the little league ( shana-baseball ) if anyone wants to attend . 
Spaghetti Dinner for the little leage later , hoping to go to the movies after 
hoping to go to destination unknown later . right now watching a moive on syfy 
>_< blah , allergies ! will you go away so i can breathe through my nose ? Any way ....... TACOS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! for dinner ^-^ 
My heart beats out the questions of ' what if ... ' but i'm too timid to see the answer through ( Prom in three more days ! ) 
Time to finish my stock market project , yippie ! Prom in two days , might hate seating at dinner but still going to have fun . 
Prom tomarrow !!!!!!!!!! sooo much to do and soooo little time . lol , still trying to see if i can take a little nap when i get home tomarrow or not . 
PROM IN A FEW HOURS !!!!!!! getting hair done soon and planning when relatives are coming to take pictures . going to have fun no matter what happens ^-^ 
Prom was fun ... other than club zoo . It's ok as long as you like listening to mostly rap music , random mixes on them , and sudden swtiches between the songs . Also when a song that wasn't rap came on , it was on for only afew lines of music before it was swtiched to a rap song ( cotton-eye < PROPFIRST > , beat it , and thriller ) 
MEEP , not sure if i really want to work on anything today 
Weeeeeeeeee , got to work on my senior exit interview and then finish ' All Quiet on the Western Front ' for English 
exit interview at 6:40 , can't wait to get this over with 
Did well on the interveiw .... but found out my computer decided to crash while i was waiting for the baseball meeting to end 
Lotz on my mind . Guess I got to start at A and work my way to Z . 
It's funny to watch my sister moo at the cows over the hill on the way home while the window is still up . Dacning with the Teachers tonight !!!!!!!!!! can't wait to watch the serious and funny dances 
Dancing with the teachers was great ! Everyone did awesome and a big shoutout to the winners , Mr. Hedderman and < PROPFEMALE > Reilly 
unless something goes on today , i'm hanging here while trying to get songs on my ipod 
love having a random power outage and then getting it back a few hours later 
weeeeee , 3 more days until the band trip !!!!!!! Onward to Cleveland ..... CEDAR POINT HERE I COME 
2 more days till the band trip ^-^ 
Band trip is one day way . Doesn't help that I want to believe tomarrow is Friday because if it XP . Going to pack what I can tonight since the band banquet and concert are tomarrow and I'm not sure if I'll have a lot of time afterwards . 
Band Trip tomarrow . Meanwhile , band banquet and concert tonight ! 
Break in the hotel rooms now . At 6 :oo , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > dinner and then coming back to swim and junk ( ding-dong room !!!!!! ) 
lol , 40 people in a 10 people hot tub !!!!! today was fun and tomarrow is Cedar Point ! 
going to the veteren's home was nice and we got to help bring some of them down to the hall were we played for them . I took a guy back to his room afterwards , and he kept complementing how well we preformed . Then we went to Cedar Point and froze . Back at the hotel , we got pizza at 10 . Who's up for eatting pizza before bed ? 
Had fun during the Band Trip ... came home to news that my aunt pasted away the day we left . Tonight is the viewing . Tomarrow , my mom wants us to miss school so we can be there for my grandma because she was her sisiter . Pray for her the most . 
\Oh I believe there are angels among us\ 
the steps of healing are along and harsh , but it's worth it to remember who we leave behind and who we meet in the coming years 
Today , I feel like I was touched by an angel . This morning I thought I saw something like a clothe or robe move .... and when I looked there wasn't even anything like it there . I thought it was because I was tired , but there was a feeling of someone being with me all day . 
I gotz an indoor pool ....... it's called a tub !!!!!!!!! 
had fun being wrapped in tolet paper to make a mock wedding dress at my cousin's bridal shower 
today is today ..... and I is bored . done with chores and now going to surf the net until something comes up 
Ya , just a normal day ..... thinking that today is not Monday because I remembered that Ghost Whisperer is on but then my mind tried to think it wasn't the right day 
Dear Apollo Ridge , \ 
I would LOVE to have my yearbook BEFORE i graduate . \ 
Love , \ 
Linz 
the end of the year feels like it's coming too quickly 
final last two days of high school 
Shana : why didn't you get me up\ 
Me : I did like 5 times\ 
Shana : * walks away*\ 
Me : * yelling * I'll get you up on tuesday with the cow bell\ 
( 1 more day of high school ) 
today has just begun 
Went for a trip into Monroeville , staied in the truck most of the time .... and beat kingdom Hearts 358/2 days . Poor Rozas and Zion 
Cook out later ..... yea 
i have the feeling that baking something for the anatomy party tues is deminishing very slowly to not happening 
trying to decide whats going on today 
ok , time to sum up today ..... \ 
woke < PROPFEMALE > up with a cow bell , \ 
had fun signing paper in 1rst , \ 
found out about the huncker's in 2nd ( praying ) , \ 
chilled in anatomy for 3rd and 4th , \ 
pizza and cake at lunch with friends , \ 
messed around in 5th , \ 
nothing at all 6th , \ 
watched Animal Fram in 7th ( wish there wasn't any bucher scenes ) , \ 
read for a little in 8th , \ 
got cap and gown at the end of the day 
just about to open the door to the rest of our lives 
Tomarrow is the big day , the day we step into the rest of our lives . We walked the steps of preperation to this point . Now we will use that information to better ourselves and mold ourselves into what we believe we should be . Tomarrow marks that huge step we take into that future we created .... tomarrow is graduation day . 
today is the big day .... graduation later . there is no price for anyone willing to sit in the cafeteria and watch it on a tv 
Congraduations to all the seniors of 2010 . it's been a fun yearand i hope everyone one of you fallow your dreams . ( and i'll tell you , Mrs. Di Ninno needs to work on the length of her next speech . Everyone was bored and she lost me when she began to compare us to the hard drives of computers ) 
thought nothing was going to happen today ... and then dad took us out for chianese .... and i got to finally eat sushi again .... YEA SUSHI .... ok , i'm done 
woke up to the smell of potatoes .... and then .... 
Neko loved going bye-byes while we went out running today for a couple hours . Came home and clipped < PROPFIRST>' nails with Shana ...... now is the time for a little relaxation 
two butterflies seen outside within 5 minutes .... 
was in Family Christian book store earlier and took the < PROPMALE > to send a bible to a child in Latin < PROPFEMALE > . Praying for those who are receving bibles there and also bibles that are being sent to local jails !!!! 
can someone pass the pause button ?....... wait , i forgot that it was destroyed 
taking < PROPFIRST > to the Vet in a couple hours , then going rock climbing with the youth group . Today is going to be fun !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
sooooo sore , rock climbing and a party two days in a row do not help 
woke up ... and made grilled cheese ! today is going to be a good day 
blah , couldn't go to sleep last night and woke up after 2 pm . most of the day wasted already with out trying . 
as we were driving home , i thought about letting my hair grow out a little longer so i can donate it to Locks of Love 
waiting to see if anything else will happen today .... 
MEEP .... ya , not sure at all about what's going on today 
i want to do other stuff then run to the store .... i miss going to the movies during the weekends 
Going out in a few to see if a different JCpenny's has my size shoe for me to wear to my cousin's wedding . Later , dinner for my dad since we are prob going to the docks for my pap's turn of father's day . 
home now with a stuffed belly . Docks tomarrow for father's day ... which reminds me that i need to wrap my dad's present and sign the card 
whipped from tubbin ' . arms are really going to be sore tomarrow . < PROPFIRST > and Aysa fell asleep when we frist went out . Aysa woke up when i told her it was my trun 
Taking < PROPFIRST > down to get his surgery and than ........... idk 
i guess i'm relaxing at home today with < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFIRST > has been doing great after his surgery yesterday 
not sure whats going on , mom is trying to get < PROPMALE > to take us to the movies later ( lol ) 
back from lunch with the family , talking about vacation .... can't wait for Florida !!!! 
\What are you doing with all that glitter ? \ " \ 
In memory of MJ !!!! \ 
\ 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > Hero's Walk service later on and then out to eat , maybe with my aunt and uncle 
All gave some and some gave all\ 
And some stood through for the red , white and blue \ 
And some had to fall\ 
And if you ever think of me\ 
Think of all your liberties and recall\ 
Some gave all\ 
~ Billy < PROPFIRST > Cyrus ~ \ 
Happy Independance Day Everyone !!!!!!! 
running around and trying to put songs on my ipod made today to go by at a medium speed 
I'm a Vamp-Wolf 
went swimming with Neko , he was scared 
running around today , hoping to be able to get to youth later 
not sure about anything but possably swimming later 
Bulter Fair after dad gets home later 
Last night was fun . Sore today and I think there's a burse on my arm , but all's good 
not sure whats going on , but so far we washed < PROPFIRST > 
day of wondering what's happing ! I'm bored already and Neko has yet to get out of bed 
not sure once again whats going on . dad gave me a posting on Pacareerlinks.com for animal care , but it's Orphans of the Storm in Kittaning . don't think that's going to work 
well , bought Avatar book 3 today just so I can say I watched it .... but i'm not sure when I'm going to feel like watching it ( note that I have a small stack of DVDs to watch ) . going to see if I'll watch it tomarrow , but not sure what's gonna happen 
not sure if anything is going to happen later ......... but the weekend is filled with cousin's wedding tomarrow and Hill reunion on sunday 
Cousin's Wedding in a few hours . The joys of waiting for mom to get her shower while I find something to waste the time . 
back from family reunion and seeing my aunt and uncle , now I'm spending sometime on the net before finishing watching Avatar book 3 ( 2 down , 2 to go ) 
another put down , let's see if mom will listen to me about < PROPFEMALE>'s 
home again . welp , I'm gonna read a few fanfictions and hopefully I wont lose track of time like yesterday so I can finish watching Avatar book 3 
woke up to no one home and a note telling me to wash the towels , so fun . Not sure whats going on at all 
Blah , < PROPMALE>'s senior pictures are today .... and I'm left to finish up the potatoes for dinner ( wee ) 
Because of Mythbusters , I can never look at live pigs the same way anymore . 
Meep , Meep , meeeeeeeep ... 
possative on this , the house to myself for a while .... cuz < PROPMALE > has a campus tour up at Erie ( Penn State Erie ) 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s Grad party today , my sis's tomarrow , and then ...... I'll get back to you on that one 
sooooooooo tired and sun burnt . Blah , go away redness and heat 
don't think anything is going on today :P 
I think I'll run around the woods in my wolf form and when the sun comes out , I'll change back into my vampire form to < PROPFEMALE > 
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllll , i got nothing . looks like another day of fanfics !!! 
noooooooooooot sure 
I GOT PHANTOM OF THE OPERA STUCK IN MY HEAD ..... mainly cuz I'm thinking of how I can see the performance near the end of Aug 
got the house to myself ..... until < PROPFEMALE > wakes up 
mission : make macaroni salad\ 
reason : < PROPFEMALE>'s party tomarrow\ 
status : complete 
< PROPFEMALE>'s party in a few\ 
@_@ 
arg , one day away from leaving the sights here and finally going back to Daytona to spend the week at the beach ( maybe more at the pool ) 
lol , using < PROPFEMALE>'s ipod so i know what i'm doing when i use it on the way down 
only a few more hours till we leave . can't wait ... anyway we could skip the car ride 
leaving real soon !!!!!! still don't want to do the drive down XD 
whoooooooo , just now spending the first few minutes of Florida at the welcome center ( with wifi !!!!! ) . just a few more hours until we reach Daytona ^-^ 
finally in the condo . waitin for parents to pick where we are eating at and brother to finish with itunes ( does not work with limited internet at home and everyone wants to use my laptop when we got here ) . also shoping for stuff later ( that's what i get for my mom telling me not to pack the shampo and she only packs the conditioner ) 
chillin for now . had yummy BBQ for dinner !!! Hoping to hit the beach/pool tomarrow 
came up and showered ( < PROPFEMALE > fallowed me up ) . < PROPMALE > came up just now , soooo just waiting on the other two beach bums to came up and shower so we can go eat dinner and figure out what we are doing after 
waiting to leave for dinner , tomarrow is my day to pick where we are eating . 
my bottom half and back are cooked . don't think I'll go out tomarrow to give the oven a break . \ 
i noticed i forgot my usb hook up for my camera , so no pics until I get home 
we went to the speedway after breakfast , then came back and I took a nap . now gotta figure out what's for dinner 
Kennedy Space Center\ 
where you here around 15 different langauges at once , large crowds , a lot to look at , and almost getting a butt to the face by a guy that stops infront of you on the stairs 
we had the truck cleaned after breakfast ( sqeaky clean truck !!!!! ) . Beach bums went down while I wait a day inside from burning . Going to speed park later 
ok , now it's raining and blowing and everyone left the beach .... don't think we are going to the speedpark today 
well , we did go to the speed park becuz when I tell someone about storms , it goes away 
almost time to be a pool bum with the beach bums . waiting a little to let the sunscreen soak in 
all washed up and listening to < PROPMALE > blast his ipod dock's speakers . got to find out what we're foing later . so sad that it's our last day ...... but i finaly get to see neky again 
leaving daytona . stoped for breakfast for now before hitting the road again . probably going to be stoping a few places on the way home . parents are talking about stoping in north < PROPFEMALE > . can't wait to see neky 
stoped at a hotel for the night . deff going to be home tomarrow cuz dad has to work and his work posted a new rule that they can't call off the day before or the day after their vacation 
got home around 1 last night . almost unpacked now . thank the lord for a fun and safe trip 
Yellow car\ 
Yellow Hummer\ 
Yellow bike \ 
Yellow Car\ 
YELLOW HOUSE , I WIN !!!!!!!!!! 
not sure whats all going on today . mom and dad went some where that i forget where they said . 
my werid dream last night :\ 
it started out with a family reunion with all of my family on both sides . \ 
then it some how switched to a mini hamster that fought a spider the same size . \ 
suddenly i was going to orientation . when i was running to the desk to find my schedule and some other information , i remembered that i needed $200 for final entry . i was about to call my parents when dad and < PROPMALE > showed up with the money 
lunch with my parents and < PROPFEMALE > at Arby's was good . not sure if anything else is going on later on today . Going to be hanging with the band geeks tomarrow while i'm babysitting < PROPFEMALE > there 
going to band camp in a few , have to baby sit < PROPFEMALE > no matter how much she denies it ! get to see everyone and the newbies ...... ya 
beware , apollo ridge band is playing Lady Gaga - Bad Romance as a blurb ( lol)\ 
had fun with the geeks 
not sure if anything is happening later . gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with the band geeks again tomarrow at kennywood 
going to be hanging with the band geeks again when mom is finished getting ready 
had fun with the geeks ! \ 
tomarrow's agenda : physical for permit and dogsitting my grandma's dog ( Mitzi)for the next three days 
after 10 minutes , i'm connected to the internet with two wires to the internet modum at my grandma's house while i'm watchiing < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > , the point of bedtime is not to walk around on my stomach 
as of around three , i have my permit . next step is a mix of learning how to drive and finding a job 
Come on Mitizi , it's bed time . So , give up the pillow ..... nows not the time to be hyper 
did a mock run on the bus and got starbucks before returning . got dinner from < PROPFEMALE>'s before going over to media night . < PROPMALE > came in second for the senior pizza eating contest . \ 
two more days of shorts and flip flops before i have to wear my scrubs 
other then the football srimage going on now and < PROPFEMALE>'s game later , i'm not sure what all is going on 
ok , I think I have what I need for college . I'm gonna find out on monday if there is anything else along with the semster changes . \ 
I feel stupid because I looked in my school cataloge and found the time I'll be in class ( if it's not surgery day or anything else ) and the calender of days there are no classes for 4 of 5 semsters 
not sure whats all going on today , but I know that I have to get everything together for tomorrow . Getting my scrubs tomorrow !!!!!!!!! 
weeee , not having the internet for a week and coming back to many requests and lots of emails 
studing tonight for term test tomorrow and again on the bus and when i can up until class begins . sounds like a day back in high school 
i was gonna put something i thought of earlier .... but notes fried my brain . not to metion my one teacher just got back from her honeymoon and can't figure out that her talking and us writing go at different speeds 
can't get the news out of my head . Really , a man wants to burn the koran on 9-11 . i say it's like burning the bible , our translation of the koran . not to metion the guy is a preist , which he knows it's not something to mess with . as Gondi said , \an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth makes the whole word blind and toothless . \ " them hitting the towers is not a reason to get back at them with burning the koran " 
now everyone is starting to talk about the bio teacher . she is really bipolar . one minute she's talking about the notes and the next she's slaming stuff cuz most of the class thought she was done with the leason and started packing up ( we stoped to review/look over what we were tought already ) 
went to the Kiski game against < PROPMALE > Regional and watched the competition bands . loved FR's twist of Night at the Museum ( < PROPMALE > hall with t-rex replica , < PROPMALE > hall with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and new shipment with a majic trick of stacking sep < PROPMALE > e boxes to form one with a sarcophagus with a masked egyptian < PROPFEMALE > coming out ) 
ok , today's events : < PROPFEMALE>'s KVL game ( that she may be leaving early ) and the AR game later ( might be hanging with the geeks ) 
we lost , but it was close 25-41 
doing that and that and this .... might not get that done ..... 
today was not good . neck hurt , knee was bugging me , didn't take the stairs at all becuz of that .... on the upside , i got pumpkin spice latte and pumpkin scone from starbucks at lunch 
I am highly blessed to have such a loving family !!!!!!!! 
i like my attention span , i blanked out when my bio teacher was telling us when the test was ..... can't wait to practice handling with the animals again in animal tech 1 
loved how this morning a truck driver tried to get the bus driver to back up so he could get past while he is sitting in the middle of the road 
brain dead from two tests and double studying all day .... and the bus was late to the stop . got to practice with < PROPMALE > ( little grey kitten ) today and play with howly ( rottweiler mix ) before the trem test 
AR game in a few , KVL game latter ( if we make it ) .... fun 
went to see The Last Exorcism and I say that it helps to remember events going on because there is a lot of forshadowing . also some knowledge of ghosts and demons would help ( i had to explain some of the parts going on ) 
Ghost Whisperer put me in the mood for Christmas already . Now i can't wait to see my family members from ohio and phili 
i wonder how today will be ... i was dreaming about my math class and the test on thuurs ( it was preaty weird , so that's all i'm saying ) 
Dear the guy and girl in the back , \ 
it's called being courtesy to the people around you . that means not swearing every 5 words and yelling across the aile . 
I got a monkey mocha from crazy mocha ... neko started licking the cup so I let him lick the inside . a couple times he decided that it might taste good to eat and started trying to eat the cup 
fall , why do you bring me allergies ? 
weeeeeell , the elevator broke down sometime during 1rst class , so everyone had to use the steps . on top of that , we were asked to bring the orders of food up those stairs ( extra hands gets it done faster and we could start our test in 4th class earlier and leave after finishing ) ..... ya i had a fun day 
nom-nom 
the usual sunday things ...... not knowing if anything is going on 
kennal training today . having to wake up early is not yet on my list of things to do . i'm gonna miss this term , not having class until 10:30 
i don't feel like playing chicken with the bus and other null-ball drivers in pittsburgh 
is an apple 
it's all cute until the pigeon poops on your leg 
i like how i was thinking of getting pizza for lunch if i was still hungery and coming home to find out we are having pizza for dinner 
time for a break of this week , staying home with no one around . GO VIKES 
trying to figure out the day , seems like another saturday 
my arm hurts , some dude went to sleep next to me on the ride home and kept leaning on me 
Spirit week at VTI . trying to figure out how i want to do a sife ponytail of 80's hair and makeup 
yummy chinese for dinner . now i got to figure out of i want to wear my wolf or tiger shirt 
just something about buttered bread goes so well with stew 
end of this long week and next week is finals for this term ..... 
i had a crazy dream last night and i mostly remember that most of it was kind of a modern Phantom of the Opera 
day of shopping .... leg is hurting 
pumpkin shakes from Kings are yummy\ 
^-^ 
when all else fails , just dance the night away 
finals today ... here we go wih Bio and term\ 
RIP for the guys that committed suicide from being bully about being gay 
8 1/2 : ( 
Finals part 2 !!!!! it's math's turn today 
whooo , last day of finals for this term .... and i get to leave after 12 . Animal Tech 1 is the only class left 
well , i don't have any pink slips or phone calls ..... going with ...... I PASSED ALL MY FINALS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! good luck tonight vikes 
onward towards the next term of this semster !!!!! English , Anatomy and Physiology 1 , Animal Tech 2 , ( lunch ) , Clinical Med 1 , and finally Clinical Lab 1 
dance 
happy halloween !!!!! \ 
i'm excited that i'm gonna be fostering a little gray < PROPFEMALE > named < PROPMALE > for thanksgiving break !!!!!!!!!! Neko's first little < PROPMALE > vist 
feeling a little sick from people who can't cover their food or clean the microwave\ 
T-T 
it's finally friday of this long , yet fast , week . can't wait to be able to sleep in tomorrow .... and then help mom with < PROPMALE>'s scrapbook 
sooooooooooo full !!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
love fire mountain 
pizza , need i say more ? 
just need a couple more things before i get this job\ 
finally the end of a long week of tests . just over a week until < PROPMALE > comes home for thanksgiving ^-^ 
almost a half hour past noon but it feels like it's later 
Hey you damn woodchucks , stop chuckin ' my wood !!!!! 
I remember playing with Pound Puppies when I was little !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Cats !?!?!?! \ 
I'm a kitty-cat ! \ 
And a dance , dance , dance\ 
And a dance , dance , dance 
So , if I pass this last TB test , then i'm offically gonna have this job !!!! 
Going to Cuz's wedding in a few\ 
need some input . For my english final project , we have to write a final paper and present it on an animal or animal related topic and we have to give the topic to her on monday . I can't decide so I'm posting my topics to get a vote on which I should do . Here's what I'm thinking of doing : Wolves , Tigers , Pandas , or Puppy Mills\ 
help me please ! 
I need some input ! For my english final project , we have to write a final paper and present it on an animal or animal related topic and we have to give the topic to her on monday . I can't decide so I'm posting my topics to get a vote on which I should do . Here's what I'm thinking of doing : Wolves , Tigers , Pandas , Experiments on animals , stuff about fur , or Puppy Mills\ 
help me please !!!!!!!!! 
Come on !!! I really need input here for my english progect title . \ 
Remember either wolves , tigers , pandas , experiments on animals , stuff about fur , or puppy mills 
so excited to have < PROPMALE > coming home with me Wednesday !!!!!! 
today was sooooooo crazy \ 
< PROPMALE > is still exploring the house ( particularly my room ) and is loving stepping on my laptop ( lol ) . Neko is some what cool with having him here so far ... 
I'm sooooo < PROPFIRST > and I got to defrost a refrigerator with a hair dryer ! 
I had soomething to say , but then I lost it , but I still wanted to update , but I forgot what I had in mind , so I'm typing , and nothing is coming to mind , so I just keep typing , and now I'm done , well maybe not , but this is fun , and nothing is still coming to mind , so I'll stop typing ...................... now 
AND THE HAIR GOES FLYING .... I mean , Polamalu made a tackle 
I just know I'll be crying tomorrow during english . We're watching Hachi . I know the story but seeing it played out is touching my heart alot more . I'm ready to cry just thinking about it 
sorry to those that don't like it , but the snow looked so pretty come into Pittsburgh this morning ^-^ 
as this holiday season commences , don't forget the reason we celebrate it ! Our savior was born on this day !!!!! 
i guess i missed some kind of memo . i see salior < PROPFEMALE > , beauty and the beast , little mermaid , pocahantas , pokemon , and hey < PROPMALE > as profile pics . i was told about pokemon month by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Miller @_@ 
< PROPMALE>'s feeling better now . It was just a bladder infection and he's on antibiotics . \ 
I was running late this morning when all of a sudden I hear a sizzling noice . I look to the coffee pot to find that it was over flowing . At least I wasn't the one making coffee at 11pm 
So tired again that i forgot to turn my alram back on after setting it for 5 more minutes ......... on a side note , Crazy Mocha's < PROPFEMALE > latte is good ! 
I don't need an angel on my Christmas tree . I already have some in heaven looking down on me . \ 
Put this on your status if there is someone in Heaven you wish could be with you this Christmas . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ..? 
So on the way to the bus stop , this guy wants to pass the guy in fromt of him . He pulls out to the left and begins to pass the guy infront . All of a sudden , the guy infront pulls a little to the right and speeds up to fly by the guy trying to pass him up . \ 
yay road rage ! 
feels like it should be friday .... \ 
finals next week ( weeee XP ) and olny 6 more days until christmas break for me ! 
things don't want to go my way right now , so i have to complicate a simple save to file as save in email draft and hope i can get to it later 
presentation over , finals next are the only thing between me and christmas break 
home form work for today XD . don't really have a plan for the rest of the day 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
finals today , tomarrow , and thursday .... which means absolutly no closeings and tons of studying . weeeeeeeee 
one more final to go today , lots of fun XP 
a&p 1 final and a practical lab final today , lots of fun 
feeling good about my finals . \ 
Also :\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Claws is coming\ 
home-with-me-tomorraw\ 
no blue notes , so i passed my finals !!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > Claws is here 
Came home from work , < PROPMALE > now has a < PROPFEMALE > on , and it's funny watching him try to get it . Also , mom gave him a paper bag to play with . 
Found out Boosey girl passed yesterday . Don't know if we are going to try and house train Pepper or see if someone with time to stay with him ( or more animals to stay with him ) can adopt him . ( Begales like to have companionship ) 
Ran around doing stuff and getting afew things for cookies . Going to try and start training Pepper in alittle bit and maybe bake cookies later . 
colds are no fun XP . Ran around shoping with mom for a few hours . Came home and wrapped a few presents for Dad . Peppermint mocha and some dayquil helped abit , lol . 
I like how I have werid dreams about Twilight . Some how I was able to understand my uncle in wolf form without being a wolf and < PROPFIRST > teamed up with Jocab to get me away from the elders . I got away on a horse in a river and ended up on a farm . 
I think my cold is almost gone !!!! Wasting tme now because i forgot to take the butter out to soften . Mission : making cookies - shall be done ! 
Merrry Christmas Eve !!!!!! \ 
Don't know what all is going on , but I have some more cookies to make . XP 
what to do this week , what to do 
Making hot Cocoa before starting on making more cookies for new years 
Back from break for a new term and a new class coming in , no longer the last one on the totem pole . Hate the I have to start it sick , but I feel way better than yesterday ( so sick I couldn't go to work ) 
nom nom nom\ 
XP 
feeling better then the past few days , maybe my cold is going away 
\it's going to start snowing around lunch time\ " \ 
\and that's how the cookie crumbles \"" 
time for work\ 
once and almost twice did i prove that i hate loud noices 
FLYING PROJECTILE MONKEYS 
KH : Coded coming out on the 11th , soooooooo can't wait 
grrrr , my legs hurt sooooo much from work the past two days ( up and down to clean bathroom walls ) . Today is just so blah . I'm tired , it's too cold , and I walked into a wall trying to get on the elevator . 
Anyone want to know the different types of parasites , the types of hosts , the life cyles , and a little bit of terminology that comes with it ......... because I have a test on that today . I kind of can't wait to go more into the subject and kind of don't want to ( you know what I mean ? All's fine , just cook your meat the whole way ! ) . 
Just got in to school . i think we're not going to do much the first class so everyone can get here safely . Anyone that has to go out , be very careful ! I was slipping every few steps out here in pittsburgh . 
Sooooooo Grrrrrrrrrr\ 
today , just go away 
Just blah 
You know it's bad when you want to through the microscope across the room 
doesn't feel like it's going to be a bad day so far 
Working again . Need sleep and a mental health day . Weeeeeeee 
Time for classes . Same typical Monday . 
in need of a mental health day sooner than my birthday ( yea presidents day ) 
On a 2 hour delay . Waiting now to see if it changes and temp change for when I'll be getting the bus . 
delayed and people are angry that they came in on time to find out . Anyway , got to see Maxy man sooner than after 2nd class . 
wasting time on internet cuz I can 
AHHHHHHHHHHH , NOOOOOOO\ 
Snowflake in my eye\ 
I'm going down 
I've found out that I like oatmeal if it has fruit in it\ 
McD's is awesome 
Hoping for a close so I can have a mental health day\ 
XD 
2 hour delay and waiting to see if it changed to closed . At least I don't have to do my lab practical now because of it . 
Sprite 
meeeeeeeeeee-ow , why < PROPFEMALE > hit me 
Here we go , \ 
Steelers , \ 
Here we go ! \ 
Pittsburgh's goin ' to the superbowl ! \ 
Here we go 
Good job last night steelers !!!!! \ 
Kennel duty starting today with the dogs in kennel 1 
Powdered gloves = big white mess on my scrubs 
Time again for kennel . So far , < PROPFIRST > and Scout are the worse and < PROPFIRST > and Cherio are the escape artists . 
Kennel day again . Gonna learn to run a fecal the school's way and hopefully give someone a bath ( the question is if it'll be me or the dog ) 
today just seemed like it was so long , adding on the fact that i forgot my phone and spent all of lunch in the kennels by accident 
Ready for kennel . Time to do the usual stuff . 
I kind of want sushi right now . Too bad there's no where that makes it out here and the only place that does down town is in the strip district . 
Got < PROPFEMALE > to eat raw fish yesterday ! Last day of kennel until March 
Visting pap for a little bit . 
So worn out from kennel the past five days and work today . 
test in parasitology on feline parasites in a few hours , fun fun fun 
I feel like I forgot something but so far my mind has processed that I didn't . \ 
Have to copy my Pharm HW from the book to a paper to hand in\ 
A&P2 test today and no notes afterward\ 
Lab 2 , Nutrition ( ani tech 3 ) , and Parasi all had tests yesterday , so we prob going to move onto the next section in them\ 
..... still trying to figure it out 
I want today to go away , I'm soooooo tired and have to work over the weekend . No sleeping in any more for this chick T-T 
Here we go\ 
Black and yellow , black and yellow , black and yellow\ 
All made possible because the lord loves a steeler fan 
Dislike , not today ..... need sleep . Someone want to attend classes for me today so I can have sleep time XD 
Lead me to the cross\ 
Where your love poured out 
So , i'm pulling on the car door this morning ' cause I think it's iced shut . I'm pulling and pulling trying to open it ....... turns out the door was locked . I had a great laugh out of that one 
I'm having drawing urges latly . The lastest is a character idea I have for a fanfic that I'm not sure how I'm going to approach 
I am the thorn in your crown\ 
But you love me anyway\ 
I am the sweat from your brow\ 
I am the nail in your wrist\ 
But you love me anyway 
Plans for today :\ 
Nutrition test\ 
lunch out with friends and < PROPFIRST>'s mom\ 
a&p2 test\ 
relaxing time\ 
sleep 
Snow\ 
Snow 
I keep thinking about this scene from < PROPMALE > Potter while I'm working :\ 
* Knock , knock*\ 
( in a bored , tired voice ) \house keeping\ " \ 
The most fun you can have trying to waste time at work ...... is smacking your < PROPFEMALE > off the dust mop because you were paying more attention to the person holding the door open than the cart you're controlling ( plus the dust mop is bigger than the ledge it sits on ) . 
Time for class and the lab test today\ 
Whoopie\ 
Down day\ 
Just go away 
Double test day fun , parasites and meds . \ 
Wolves 
I'm excited to watch Jepardy again tonight . Watson against the best champions makes for an interesting show . It was cool to see how they programed him to pick three of the best anwsers , diplay his confidence in those answers , and show how he wouldn't ring in if the percent wasn't over his confidence level . 
Time to finish off the week and move onto finals next week . Got to study my butt off for them . 
A&P test later \ 
For now , I prob should start studying lab for the test tomorrow and finals 
Loving the weather today but hating the 5 hour energy shot I took ( headache , stomach is a little upset , still half alseep XD ) 
Weather's great today ! Lab test first and then preparing for finals next week . Fun stuff . XP 
study time ! going to relax when I get home and super study over the next three weekend days and one week day before finals start 
Working again , but I have a cough now . Thinking about grabbing a mask to wear so I don't give it to the residents . 
19 years ago , I was born . Here I am today almost a full adult going out into the world . I thank my parents for everything they give me and my family and friends for supporting me every step I take . I thank God for giving this life and all he presented me with . 
Crazy start already . 2 hour delay but might not be going in if the buses aren't running @_@ 
Rat dissection = bloody , gooie mess = fun time pulling the organs out ( plus poping testies out ) 
ok , so our Nutrition/parasitology teacher's akita was put down . Girls at lunch were talking about how she put all this money into making sure he was fine and were more conserned about the final . REALLY ?????? If it was your pet , you wouldn't be focused on finals and would try to do everything you could to make sure they were ok . 
Finals - day 2 
Going to eat at Ichiban's for my b-day dinner cuz all that snow came 
Finals - day 3 - last day 
So , no notes or calls means I'm moving onto the next term ! \ 
Pap ended up in the hospital agin , so in pray mode agin hoping he gets better 
And so begins a new term 
Got to see pap . He's doing better , praying it keeps up . Please keep us in your prayers ! 
\They say the wolf bestows its happy spirit to help people . Women who obtain this spirit become skilled in creative endeavors and experience a strengthening of the senses . I would like to think there is some truth to this in my own life . \ " \ 
so , i feel like terminating my myspace account . I'm currently taking my photos i want off , then I'm deleting my account . 
dear myspace account , \ 
stop telling me my email address does not match and delete the account already\ 
linz 
weeeeeeee\ 
another urine play day in Lab 3 . Took some of Neko's this morning to use , fun fun fun !!! 
if a dream is what the heart desires ...... \ 
then my heart desires to be in school plays . This is the third time I dreamed of going back stage to meet up with friends and some way becoming part of the play ( likre stage crew or last minute fill in as a dancer or character ) 
just can't focus right now\ 
A scattered dream that's like a far-off memory\ 
A far-off memory that's like a scattered dream\ 
I want to line the pieces up-\ 
yours and mine\ 
( I feel like qouting Kingdom Hearts today ) 
Home from work . Messing around until someone says that we're doing something 
Allergies , just go away . I'm tired of you because of the weather changes causing me blow my nose so often because of you . 
I like that fact that for rats , it's common for them to escape their cage but they will go back to it because they know that's where they get fed . Just a random fact here as I'm going to take my rat test soon . 
I like how when I get on facebook , everything is all over the place . Comment bars are up in the status section , like button is hidding out in the status above or in the people who liked the status , and it doesn't like to fix itself like it usually does . 
woooooo\ 
got rodent kennel next week . I was going to volunteer for it , but either way I'm in it . 
My thoughts you can't decode 
Lab test later on urinary analysis . Not wanting to ID crystals and casts \ 
<3 this weather 
Rodent kennel - day 1\ 
Probably going to be winging this one \ 
Rodent kennel - day 2 \ 
Along with clin med and anathesia tests . \ 
Fun , fun , fun\ 
Rodent kennel - day 3\ 
Also animal tech 4 and pharm 2 test\ 
: X 
Rodent kennel - day 4\ 
Fun time 
Hanging with the bunnies today 
According to < PROPFEMALE > , my new nickname is ' Rabbit Girl ' because I was trying to finish cleaning a rabbit's cage when they wanted to leave for lunch . 
i want to sleep !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
All I want to do is go back to sleep . But , I have a guinea pig test and an anathesia test today . I need more coffee . \ 
\press enter to post your comment\ " \ 
A day of notes and what nots , XP 
Nothing like coming in to find out the elevator is broke . And , just when you believe it's fixed , the doors wont shut again . XD 
Lab fun with oranges , onions , scaples , slides , and punch biopsy tools !!!!! 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Happy !!!!!!! \ 
I'm bring Trixie home for spring break !!!!! 
In need of a break ! Two weeks and counting to that and Trixie !!!!!! \ 
PS : Rabbit and Pharm tests today XDDDDDD 
It's the parade of umbrellas here in down town , and don't they look lovely . \ 
PS : elevator is broke again XD 
So tired today . Forgot to grab a water and my umbrella XD . Today is going to be a long one . 
Clin Med test today and a Lab test + Pharm quiz tomarrow , so much fun 
