Cant Sleep ... Someone slip me somethin ;) 

A Toast To Our Loving Family , Old Friends , And Stronger Relationships . To All Our Loved Ones , Those Alive And Those No Longer With Us . You Will Forever Be With Us Through Heart , Mind , And Soul . God Bless You All . 
Everyday I feel Good Because I Feel Gods Blessings , I Felt His Presence Thats Why I Never Ask Him Any Questions , I Asked Him Everything While I Was Serving My Life Sentence . Walking down this road of redemption , Left with several directions , I know only one of them will lead me to heaven . 
It's A New Year ... A New Year To Surround Yourself With Real People Who Care About You . A New Year Of Haters , So Maintain And Stay Strong , Keep Your Circle Tight . 
Breathin Easy 
My pops in the hospital , pray for him . 
heading to the hospital , ill get minutes and get back at ya'll . 
Found my pup :) 
Heading to south philly tomorrow . 
Happy Earth Day 
heading down to animal control later today . 
Planning on going back to college . 
I'm still working on these tracks , none of them are complete . If you have time , lemme know what you think of'em . Keep it real tho , don't dront on me . http://www.reverbnation.com/tunepak/2639832 
Happy Mothers Day ladies . God bless you and your families . May you all have a wonderful day . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a manwishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
To Prove My Point I'll Take The World On , And I Wont Stop Till I Take The World Home . 
Had a great weekend , time to work my ass off , repairing and cleaning the house . 
I hope everyones safe in Puerto < PROPMALE > . My best of prayers 
Anyone have any recipes for meatloaf ? Might cook me some chicken n rice ... Idk what to make 
My phone broke , thats the second time less than a month . batter exploded , the screen blew out . what happened to them old school phone , ya know . the ones that couldn't break even if you tried to destroy them ? 
Hate flows through their blood , with too much love to kill me . They feel like I owe them something , so I just tellem < PROPMALE > me . I was down three years and they never even wrote me . They expect me to come back and act like we're still homies . Nah , you must got me mistaken for someone else , cuz You don't know me . 
Were both from the same hood . where we come from age dont matter . in high school it dont matter if your 18 21 or 33 . their all in the same grade . - will smith 
MG2n Who wit ? 
Henny & Bacardi 
Shout outs to my sister rya . Its her bday tm . Shout outs to < PROPFEMALE > her bday tm . I hope everyone has a great day . sunday Summer time cook out . 
I saw the president of usa say something to the mexican president i thought id never hear him say . ' Dont drink the water ' - < PROPFIRST > lopez on Gulf of mexico lmao 
Another sleepless night . 
Killin the ac . Might hit the pools . 
Just think of all the people that you knew in the part that passed on they in heaven found peace at last 
You dont gotta lie to my face , just keep it real . 
My back is killin me ... 
The best way to a mans heart is through his stomache 
My cuz had a baby :) 7.6 lb's < PROPFEMALE > welcome to the fam baby girl 
Going job huntin . Then i'm cooking rice . Couldn't sleep , hopefully tonight will be better :-) 
fresh cut new fitit , new jeans scent to go wit it . No scruffs on the kicks , the throw back top legit . some1 call the doctor , it feels so good to look this sick 
i got twenty on lakers . 
i'ts been three years and she remembers how to work it . Shawty plays hard D , she's bold enough to hurt it . She's wetta than a pool makin all the pain worth it . 
Third year free ... damn 
From < PROPFIRST > with love is official . go see it 
Been a crazy week . so to start off fresh ... tonight we toast . To all the great times we had together and the best times kept secret ;) 
I'd rather have her put a knife to me , than lie to me . Then i'd know the threat is real . 
We off dat cuz we on to the next one . time to switch lanes and exit on all these young ones . Back on my cougar hunt call me the yum cub . :p 
phillies vs indians ... can you say , Easy ! 
unemployment ...? nah call it a vacation 
I'm feelin like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine . I'm feel like i'm high , my heads in the sky . I'm ridin solo , i dont need to stress no mo 
100 degrees . i'm killin the ac . 
can't sleep ... Headin out for some fresh air . 
Give a fuck less what you think of me unless you feeding my family . 
Killin the ac 
32 US troops committee suicide . Makes me think were not supportin our troops . R.I.P. To fallen soldiers and loved ones . 
I woke up at six thinkin it was 6 am , lol . Now its late as fuck , anyone got plans for tonight ? 
All i can say is Daaammn Mamis a winner 
R.I.P. TJ 7-21-2010 God bless your soul 
can't sleep ... I'm headin out . Haven't takin a walk this late in years . 
I'ts crazy how you still have that affect on me ... ( zoning ) 
Might be hittin up NY soon 
Lovin the weather 
Old country buffet :D 
First i'm go hard then i'm a go harder , bitch i'm a go getta that makes me a lot smarter 
Why wait for eventually ... When we can do it right now . 
August 13th - Expendables 
Catch me at the mall 
Never Try To Be The Next Anyone , Be The First You 
If your not gettin money your not winning . Your broke , purposely losing for no reason . 
Free C 
Hitting Pig Pen Later Tonight Wing Night 
R.I.P. J i'll miss you < PROPFEMALE > 
Damn .... Fucking rain got laying the buckets out . This storm needs to pass already , I don't have time for this shit . If it's not one thing it's the next . 
Cant believe < PROPMALE > lost his ufc wc title in the first . HE GOT FUCKED UP lol 
FINALLY Home from work 
I'm bout to start selling phones , if ya'll need somethin get at me 
Looking at my friend requests and theres only one thing that comes to mind : If you didn't send me a kyte or put money on my books , if we didnt drink and hit the same brauds together . Why are you requesting me ? \ Got me feeling like . who the fuck are you ? Did you look after my fam when they were stressing ? Nah ? Then keep it movin ! \ 
UFC 123 Lets Get It 
Couldn't sleep this entire week ... I'm def looking forward to some R&R ;) 
Change you FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB until Monday Dec . 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy and paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
Trust And Believe In Yourself , You'll Succeed Where Others Fail To Help Themselves . 
Find Your Weakness Then Conquer It . Face Your Fears And Confront Them . Your Dreams And Hopes Hold Endless Possibilities . Allow Nothing To Stand In Your Way . Stay Strong 
Put Me Anywhere In Any Jail And I Shall Prevail , If Another Man Survive That Shall Is Real - T.I. 
UFC tonight , hittin up the bars soon 
I'll only put money on eagles if Vick plays ... Game Night 
Why fucking call me 1 in the morning to argue with me . leave me the fuck alone . 
Prolly the first night in years i'ma take a sleeping pill ... i'm zonin 
This month has been all messed up , I need a vacay . 
Rearranging My Priorities , Beginning To Soul Search , & Attempting To Find Peace . 
I hope everyone has a great time for the holidays . Make the best out of the time you have with frienda and loved ones . God bless you all :) 
Steak , Mashed Potatoes , Corn , Etc ... This Will Be My First \Holiday Meal\ " For Christmas ... So You Damn Right I'm Buying Liquor For This Weekend " 
Being locked up for 3 years then follwed up with a heart break for two years ... Yea , My new years resolution is to do what makes me happy , surround myself with real people , and make up for lost time . 
Nothing is best left unsaid ... more times than often , I forget to say the words that are going through my head . 
Pig Pen Tomorrow Wing Night Tueasday . holla at me 
Hittin up some bars & watchin the game . get at me 
Pig Pen get my grub on 
havent slept in 2 days . popped 4 sleepin pills , 3 shots of nyquil , red death , vodka shots , L's nigga still can't sleep . I'm zonin ... 
3 days without sleep ... anyone have any solutions ??? 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true ... friend 
Involve yourself in peoples lives who involve theirselves in your life . Take care of the ones who take care of you . Give sparingly to those who want to be part of your life . Never forgot those who made an impact in your life . We all make mistakes , some try to fix it , others dismiss it . I choose to find peace and console within it . How bout you ? 
I Just Laugh At These Fuck Boys Cuz They So Funny 
Dips Push Ups & Crunshes etc . All Week Everyday . I Feel Like I'm Locked Up Again , lmao . Training for the airforce is a bitch , i'm so outta shape 
Cook an entire meal for what ? Nothin . Fuck it 
It's Friday n my birthdays in 4 days ... Hmmm what to do 
Had a great time :) Thanks for all the love . hope you all had a great day also 
When I Feel Lost Or Confused , I Remember The Meaning \Perfect Order\ " And Everything Becomes Clear Again . " 
