My computer crashed :( But I also get to borrow my mom's HOMGSOMUCHBETTER computer :3 

has a girlfriend . < Insert ear-to-ear smile here > 
no longer has a girlfriend . 
is on his way to bed . Nighty night , peoples of love . 
forgot to go to anime club meeting . T_T Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu . 
suggests that getting a graveyard shift at a gas station in an attempt to attract hawt single women ( Sex may vary ) simply does not work . Or maybe I'm doin ' it wrong . 
is tired of every girl he -actually- gets interested in , being taken . 
My black leather jacket has totally been found once again for its comfort , warmth , and sentimental value . 
' Sup world . 
I got new tires . 387 total , but I feel hoss with new tires . :3 
And I wonder now why I < PROPMALE > out with those that I did . I'm done . 
Ah , if only emotions made logical sense . I'd be set for life , but sadly they aren't . FML 
Suicide never looked a better solution . I'll survive though . Be all the stronger and wiser for it . At least that's what I'm goin ' for . :D 
I roar like a lion < PROPFEMALE > ! RAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWrrrrrr !!? 
So yeah , told my emotions they were being a bunch of faggots and to get over themselves . 
Another dark and < PROPFEMALE > morning . :D 
I haven't drank in so long , I feel like a drinking virgin . 
Eff Yeah , for being drunk . :D 
Awww , thanks guys . Love ya'll . 
I totally has Christmas off , eff yeah . 
Roar . I shall pass judgment on your SOUL ! 
I survived Christmas < PROPFEMALE > working , did about $2 , 900 , and an uncountable amount of sandwiches . 
( POKE ) Me if you had or have a crush on me ... \ 
( LIKE ) This status if you think I'm a good friend ... \ 
( MESSAGE ) Me if you ever wanted to date me ... \ 
( COMMENT ) On this status if we ever had any good memories .. \ 
NOW IF YOUR BRAVE , YOU WILL POST THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT YOU GET 
I have to ask myself how did I become this compromised , and how do I get out of this hole ? Did I dig it ? Am I still digging it ? I most certainly don't know . 
Rawr . 
Madre . 
Ugh , everyone I know is totally staying in tonight . FML 
Let's see how creative my FB friends are . Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the 3rd letter of your 1st name . It can only be 1 word . Then paste & copy this to your status , so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just leave a word & not copy . That's no fun ! OK , I played let's see if anyone else has nothing to do for a moment 
Easy A , epic movie . Just watched it . LOVED ! ~ ! 
Yeah . I'm attacking the ice on my front porch with a sword and alcohol . Seriously . 
I feel like the < PROPFEMALE > of alcohol at the moment . A case of Black < PROPFIRST > Cola , a case of Hornsby's Apple Cider , Cpt . < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Daniels , Skyy , and < PROPFIRST > Cuervo . I must admit , I'm pretty effin ' amazing . :3 
I know I was in the wrong . But I think I'll simply avoid people for a long while . 
Blargh ! 
I is all watching the Soul Eaters and stuffs . 
Soul Eater . Amazing stuff . 
Goblins and Oglaf are quite hilarious . :D 
Hope that interview went well for them . Really do want this job . 
Oh , just checked it . Guess it didn't go so well . That sucks . 
Ugh . I is all sick and shit . Swallowing , difficult . Headache on and off . Body is sore . And I is sleeping a lot . Till just a moment ago , I hadn't ate anything for about 24 hours . 
< PROPFIRST > bit my wenis . D: 
Looking up creepy shit while simultaneously listening to Sweeny < PROPMALE > soundtrack . Yeah .... THE DAYLIGHT KEEP ME SAFE PLZ !!!! 
T_T Creepy ! 
Uuuuuuuuugh . Toothache . It won't go awaaaaaaaay . * cry * 
/me complains about the weather . \ 
I just have my shower head left going , gaiz . T_T 
I landed a new job with the Indian Hospital . \\o/ Yaaaaaaay ! 
8 bags of 4 different kinds of cereal , 4 boxes of chicken and 4 of beef ramen , 3 large deals of folgers coffee , 4 different types of creamers with a generic big container of generic creamer , 4 deals of kool-aid . Set for zombie apocalypse ? I think so , sir . I think so . 
Almost done with orientation . Sweetness ! 
I SO TOTALLY WANT SKYRIM WHEN IT COMES OUT !!!!!! 
Urgh . Random depression . Gheeeeeeeeeeeeey . Ah well though , nothing < PROPMALE > , it'll be gone after I sleep . Night gaiz . 
Needs to get laid ? 
Just beat Dragon Age 2 . Super happy . Going to bed now in order to get up for work . I'ma wake up with a super grin on my face though . :D 
Rawgh ! Today was pretty good . Hope tomorrow is too . 
Just watched skyline . It was pretty epic . Cliffhanger ending , but still awesome . 
ALRIGHT NOW SQUIRRELLY . This ends NOW !!!! I , sir , am the Master Status Uploader . And you , Sir , are in the shower . Bahahahahahahaha !! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA\ 
\ 
-AshLa_ & hearts ; 
Complicated feelings for a complicated person , none of it good . Think I'ma start getting out of the house so I can play with Xylan though . Love that kid . 
Getting back into sitting in my cave all the time , and playing Aetolia . HERPA DERP ! 
Friend got me 2 new games , realized I had to buy 2 other games . Other people knocking my xbox while games are in them . Why can't I have anything nice ? :( 
Kiros , and < PROPFIRST > Goes Grrr ... were both amazing . Good night . 
Good night . Got me some skullcandy , and went to Bomboy Blast 2 . Tornadoes scared us into the cellar , but the spirit of the music never faltered . 
So , it was a pretty amazing night tonight . My Hearts Cry , and Oberon were pretty amazing . Tomorrow is going to suck though . My head will decide that it doesn't want to stay upright anymore . SO . MUCH . HEADBANGING ! 
AHHHHHH HACKED AGAIN !!! 
< PROPFIRST > strikes once more ! Squirrel , you should log out more often , this was too easy . That is all . 
