OKayyy ... I went to have my spa day ... one word to describe it ... WON-DE-FULL !!.... i was home for 15 minutes and we had a total blackout six blocks long .... luckily it only lasted for about an hour cause it's too dang cold to go too long without heat .... PHEW !! 

Back from the airport finally .... Brrr !!... it is Fra fra Freezzin ' out there ... guess imma have to try a little of this coquito my big sis sent me to warm up .... lol .... 
My trip to NYC was so very special ... the flight delays and and cancellations just gave me more time to relish in the good times .... 
{{ SINGING}}Can you feel it ... can you feel it ... CAN YOU FEEL IT !! 
Can it be I stayed away too long Did I leave your mind when I was gone Its not my thing trying to get back But this time let me tell you where Im at I wanna be where you are !... Ohhh !!! 
((( singing))FRIIIIIDAY HEY !.... FRiiiiDay HEY !!! 
happy about all the folks from my past that are taking the time to \find\ " me !!... i feel so loved !! " 
life is wonderful and purposeful !! 
My big baby will be HOME Tomorrow !! 
My big baby is finally home !!! 
Just got back from playing put-put golf with my family .... how funny is that ... a real good day having both my kiddies(grown folks ) at home ... 
Today is going to be a day of fulfilled promises !!.... there !! I said it !! 
Have a wonderfully longggggggg weekend !!! 
Nice long weekend .... 
09/11/2001 -- What a day that was for us trauma , trauma , trauma .... Renee , remember it took us less than an hour to drop the kids off at school that morning and 5 hours to pick them up !!... I so appreciate my life right now !! Blessings to those still mourning for their lost ! 
normal friday night in kansas .... taking this ridiculous quizzes on facebook as recreation ... lmao .... 
My big baby is getting ready to leave me AGAIN ... BOO HOO !! 
My big baby is gone and I miss him already ... I hope May comes soon !! 
Something tells me tomorrow is going to be the best day i've had in a very long time !! 
Why am i seeing so many of my east coast friends up ??... Don't y'all have jobs ??... lol .... 
Today is my son's 22nd birthday and since he is in the marines I have no clue where he is right now but I'm wishing him a wonderful birthday !! 
I'm so happy ... I just received an email from my son ... now I feel better !! 
ok my OTHER sister tells me I think to much that's causing blocks .... hmmm ?? any sugesstions on how to stop thinking so i can just DO ??? 
Heard from my son again ... he's somewhere at sea near indonesia ... said he'll be at the equator in a day or so and it's hot as H E double hockey sticks .... lol 
Also I started my book and it's funny personal stories followed by \morals to the story\ " .... Sooooo if any of you don't want your name in it(family members ) speak now or I don't want to hear your gripes later !!.... lmao !! " 
Home with my sick 18 year old today ... motherhood never ends ..... 
I wrote the first part of the intro to my book ... My sickie daughter said it was funny and cute and can't wait till it's finished ... Awww , my first critique !!! 
Everyone's farm is looking good for a work day !!... lol .... 
i feel good things are about to happen !! 
i can take it anymore ... 13th inning and tied at 3 ... GOODNITE !! 
All i can say is TGIF !!!!!! 
GO YANKEES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
okay .... dilemma !... where oh where have my farmville kittens and turtles gone ???????... I will be posting a reward .... lol ..... 
okay YANKEE\S let's do this !!!! " 
I don't care what people say !!... The BRONX fans are the BEST !!!... GO YANKEES !!!!! 
okay ... let's see what wonderful opportunities come this week !! 
The first snow has HIT !! 
Just got home from a rare saturday event at work and my residents behaved !!.... PHEW !! 
okay only four hours of work tomorrow and then off for 4 whole days !!.... YEA !!!! 
Let the cooking begin !!!!!!! 
My baby girl just made her first pineapple upside down cake and is now working on her first apple pie .... bout time i get some help around this piece !!!... lol ...... 
ok , it seems like someone got my password and posted something on all my friends wall about a job .... don't open it because \it wasn't me\ " .... changing my password now !! " 
My baby boy is on the phone calling from Africa !!!... ;o ) 
why do some people think that the solution to transforming people view of themselves is trying to make some else look bad ??? 
Wishing my wonderful facebook fam a week full of clear concise guidance ... let's see what we can manifest this week ;o ) 
Another wonderful event at work ... my residents are turning out to be the best souls to be around afterall !!! 
A week full of bosses from out of town , audits , and inspections and I AM still smiling !!.... See , all that meditation and manifesting is paying off .... THANK YOU !! 
Okay NYC , Baby girl is on a plane to visit with you after her plane being cancelled yesterday ... watch out !!... I know she's gonna try to makeup for that lost day !!... lol .... 
I know a perfect Christmas is a white Christmas but DANG !! 
For all who are interested ... Vaughn just called .... he's still in Africa and wanted me to thank everyone who sent him some Christmas cheer .... He wishes you all a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS FB FAMILY .... LOVE YOU ALL !!... I got a full spa treatment i'm going to schedule for New Year < PROPFEMALE > so I can enter 2010 all refreshed and rejuvenated ;o ) 
The first day back to work wasn't bad at all .... what is disturbing me is that it's 5 degrees and they are expecting it to drop to -30degrees and another blizzard !! ARGH !! 
okay !... another 5 degree morning ... blizzard starts tomorrow and -11 degrees tomorrow morning .... sounds like a hooky and good book day for tomorrow .... lol ..... 
made it home !... car only slid 3 times .... lol .... 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops then dont'! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them !!! COPY AND PASTE IT PEOPLE ...... Thank you 
RIP to the man who sang \I Don't Love You Anymore ! \ " and still made that sexy !! " 
okay FB fam ... I have a special event happening today and I need all your success , accomplishment , and esteem wishes , prayers , and energy this way .... Thank you in advance ... Love you all ..... 
okay now lets just wait and see .... 
Happy Monday FB family ... I'm leaving on a jet plane ... leave me a detailed message and I will get back to you ... BEEP !! 
back from ohio and sleepy !!... it was a productive trip though so i am appreciative .... 
My trip to Ohio made me remember that just because we THINK we know what's best for us , doesn't always mean we ACTUALLY do ... I'm glad I got a nudge to remember to just go with the flow .... resistance only staggers our progression .... ;o ) 
here we go !! 
Urbandictionary.com: The name < PROPFEMALE > reveals ~ A person of true beauty . A girl with such a kind personality that anyone will simply fall in love with . A < PROPFEMALE > will help anyone out without hesitation . a perfect girl , someone you can always rely on , kind caring , a great sense of humor , and just amazing . A girl with a kind personality who will poop on your windshield if you get on her bad side ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s Birthday dinner menu : Lasagna ( ground turkey , hot and sweet italian sausage ) , salad , garlic bread , < PROPMALE > chocolate cake , and < PROPMALE > and jerry's .... ;o ) 
okay , home alone until the birthday girl gets in from school so imma get off of here and watch < PROPMALE > Hanks \Angels and Demons\ " between watching the snow fall AGAIN !!... I need a tropical vacation ... " 
Brunch menu : bacon , < PROPFEMALE > sau < PROPFEMALE > , cheese eggs , grits , whole wheat toast with strawberry preserves and coffee .... Anyone hungery ?? 
Sorry brunch is over ... dinner is corned beef and cabbage ... you all have a head start !! 
Todays Task : Tell someone how you REALLY feel about them .... good or bad !... Don't be shy !! (had to steal this one from big sister ) 
Blah Blah .... Blah Blah Blah !!!!!!!!! 
the blah's are exiting the building .... 
looks like destination NYC is gonna be the 19 !!... yea me !! 
Scratch !!!... the 18th NYC ;o ) 
TGMWSN !!... Thank God my weekend starts now !! 
Yea me !!... I'm officially a Reiki Tummo Practitioner !!... what an accomplishment for me ! 
Have a wonderful week FB fam !! 
Next Stop Chicago !! 
Chicago > Monday-thursday ... NYC > thursday-tuesday !! 
My packing music : < PROPMALE>'s Love You !! 
in nyc ;o ) 
is finally back in nyc .... can wait to catch up with the love's of my life .... 
one never knows what twist and turns life has in store for us ..... that's why i choose to be a contortionist .... ;o ) 
i'm back ... it was good spending time with all of my special folks ... hope to catch up again soon .... i love my east coast family and friends .... thanks for all the love !! 
Barbecue chicken , greens , potato salad .... peach cobbler for dessert .... going once , going twice .... gone !!... maybe next time ... lol .... 
is looking for the silver lining in every cloud .... 
made it through the first week back from vacation uneventful ( which is good ) only to top it off with a half day today ... hmmm .... loving it !!.... now what other surprises are in store ??... any hints ?? 
One of my clients just told me she is so ... hungry her backbone is getting acquainted with her belly .... WOW !!.... 
Happy Easter !!... Do YOU remember why you are here ??.... Sending love to you all !! 
“I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . ” ~ Maya Angelo ~ 
FRiday Hey !! Friday Hey !!!!!! 
thinks the work week should only be Monday - Tuesday and the weekend should consist of 5 days . Even the calendar says WTF after Tuesday ! I'm just sayin ~ 
Monday just called and asked if he can come over .... I told him in a few days !!.... why folks dont know when to stay away ???? SHeeCH !!!!! 
Why did i decide to apply for grad school today only to find out the application is due friday ... ARGH !!... anyone want to give me a quick reference ??? 
That little guy on human target is a trip !! 
My work week is officially over !!!!.... see y'all when I get home .... lol .... 
I want to thank all my friends who stepped up at the last minute to ensure I made the application deadline for grad school today by writing mushy gushy references for me up to the last second !!!.... love you all !!!... now i can stop sweating !!... lol .... 
my mantra for the coming week ~ Going forward I will only experience the positive ~ ... I no longer need to experience the negative since I already know the contrast . 
still thinks the work week should only be Monday - Tuesday and the weekend should consist of 5 days . Even the calendar says WTF after Tuesday ! I'm just sayin ~ sign the petition below !! 
Grad school interview tomorrow morning .... send all that bright , mushy , gushy , positive energy this way !!! ;o ) 
Birthday < PROPFEMALE > , Vacation < PROPFEMALE > , Graduation week for my last baby .... and my mom is on her way to visit !!!... \ 
“Each day offers us the gift of being a special occasion if we can simply learn that as well as giving , it is blessed to receive with grace and a grateful heart . ” ~ Sarah Ban Breathnach ~ 
thanks for all the birthday wishes and for all the support from farmville stuff to hellos to prayers and positive energy in the last year ... i appreciate each and everyone of you ;o ) ... now off to fix mom a special breakfast 
happy graduation to my baby girl < PROPFIRST > !!! i am so very proud of her and i am elated she chose me to be her mommy !!!!! 
finally @ the graduation 
wow !!!! what a week !! i got a < PROPMALE > to have my mom here to see my baby graduate and spend my bday with me and now i opened my mail stuffed box ( been a little busy .... lol ) only to find my acceptance letter into the master of science in family therapy graduate program !!!!! let the blessings flow !!!!! 
just put mom on the plane back home ... i miss her already !! 
vacation over .. back to work tomorrow 
True friends can go long periods of time without\ 
speaking and never question their friendship and pick up like they just\ 
spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been REPOST if you are \ 
lucky enough to have at least one ! 
i'm good 
one more day ;o ) and i'm good all over again .... 
ding ding ding !!!... the weekend has officially started !! 
{{{ Sighing }}} ... knowing I don't have to get up early in the morning ..... ;o ) 
is thinking a long weekend followed by a short week .... life is good !! 
I'm so very proud of my baby girl Ashley .... she bought a Conscious Cookbook ( healthy eating ) when I went book shopping over the weekend and made her first meal today ... Shrimp Gazpacho and dark chocolate < PROPFEMALE > with almonds and dried cherries !!!.... YUM YUM to both !!... it's nice having a in house chef !! ;o ) 
HA !!... wednesday already !! ;o ) 
Heroes(cancelled ) , Flashforward ( cancelled ) , 24(cancelled ) ... time for a new line up ... ARGH !!! 
What are you doing , right now , today , to make this a special day for YOU ? 
Continuing to tell stories of shortage only continues to contradict your < PROPFEMALE > for abundance , and you cannot have it both ways : You cannot focus upon unwanted and receive wanted ... A different story will bring different results : My thoughts are the basis for the attraction of all things that I consider to be good , which includes enough money , and health , for my comfort and joy . --- < PROPMALE > 
Happy Father's Day to all the father's not only the ones that are present , but also the ones that tried their hands at it and learned that fatherhood is just not you niche ( everything is not for everybody ) ... afterall if it wasn't for your TRY some of us wouldn't be here .... 
Everything is exactly how it should be !!.... Have a great week FB family and remember to go with the flow and live in the now ... 
Yesterday I prayed for relief from an ongoing negative situation at work . While running errands BAM !!!, a u-haul truck ran through stop sign and crashed into the drivers side of my car . Yes , I've got bumps and bruises but i'm alive . My prayers were answered because I am home recovering instead of dealing with my archenemy at work . Maybe I should be a little more specific with my prayers next time around :O ) 
< PROPFEMALE > and the baby bump !! 
WOW CB !!... HUGGZZZ to him !! 
EL !!!!!.... WOW again !!! 
Phew !! I got nervous when they let < PROPMALE > start that one off ... LMBO !! 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > !!! 
I really need to go back to the anatomy books ... aching in muscles I didnt know existed ... Epson Salt is an amazing thing ... they have them in all scents and flavors and pretty packaging ... forget calgon !! 
Nothing has power over me unless I allow it . I choose to be free . 
This is for my New York Family ... Jerk , Ribs , and Corn on the grill ... Potato Salad and Jamaica Style Rice and Beans and a Green salad ... I know y'all remember the Needham Ave cookouts at my house ... I wish you all were here !! 
I release the lie of limitation and acknowledge that my life has always been limitless .... I've got my skates on now !!... 
one more weekend left before another 2 year phase of higher learning ..... 
Last weekend preceding 2 years of higher learning ... If I am \ghost\ " from time to time just know my head is buried in books and that I love you all !!! " 
is on my way to see a free Rolls < PROPFIRST > concert ;o ) 
I am officially a full time student @ 8:30 tomorrow morning .... I'm so excited and hoping that i will stay excited !!.... lol .... 
what a great day today !!! 
today is day 3 of intensive week ... all that info seems to be all one long dragged out sentence ... FIRST FINAL IS TOMORROW !!!.... lol .... I CAN DO THIS .... I CAN DO THIS .... I CAN DO THIS !!!!.... send me love and clarity PLEASE !! 
Cramming for a final !!..... ARGH !!! 
LOVE !! 
DONE !!... 
Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated , mistakes are tolerated , communication is open , and rules are flexible -- the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family . - < PROPFEMALE > Satir 
3 credits down 49 to go !! 
On my way to the Soulfood Festival !!!.... Cameo*MC Lyte*Whoudini * Tevin Campbell * < PROPMALE > Jones * and a host of artery clogging comfort food ... What a Saturday !! 
We must not allow other people's limited perceptions to define us . \ 
~ Virginia Satir ~ 
The most profound thing I learned in school last week is to stop trying and start training ... so I'm now TRAINING to have a wonderful life .... HMMM ?!... I got this !! 
On my way to the Omaha Zoo for the rest of the day ... 
agrees with Mr. Marley \Everything gonna be alright ! \"" 
SHEESH !!! 
first day back in the gym ... I forgot how good it feels .... but tomorrow will be another OUCH story .... lol ... 
Today was an extra fine day ( sighing ) ... ;o ) 
Gym time CHECK !!.... loving life CHECK !!... on my way to KU Natural History Museum with my seniors for a half day trip ..... this should be quite interesting .... more to come ;o ) 
Every person is a God in embryo . Its only < PROPFEMALE > is to be \ 
born . \ 
~ Deepak Chopra ~ 
\Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . \ " ~ Dr. Seuss " 
is working on self ... who better to try these therapy lessons on ???.... ;o ) 
says how are we ever going to wake up with our eyes wide shut ? 
I love and appreciate all veterans , especially MY < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Johnson !!... Mommy loves you !!!! 
When I was just a little girl\ 
I asked my mother , what will I be\ 
Will I be pretty , will I be rich\ 
Here's what she said to me . \ 
\ 
Que Sera , Sera , \ 
Whatever will be , will be\ 
The future's not ours , to see\ 
Que Sera , Sera\ 
What will be , will be . 
\Actually 
I am manifesting smiles and giggles < PROPFIRST > Dooley 
I am so looking forward to the short week ... if i don't get some adequate rest soon imma {{{ POP }}} and y'all gonna miss me .... ;o ) 
It's Thursday !!!.... ummmm I mean Tuesday !!! ;o ) 
I am grateful !!! ;o ) 
Time for round one of leftovers !! 
Just watched The Bucket List for the first time .... anyone have some spare kleenex ... 
is loving Barnes and < PROPMALE>'s Nook for PC ;o ) 
27 degrees feels like 17 .... :( ... guess it couldn't last forever 
If you think education is expensive , try ignorance . ~ Author Unknown ~ 
says can you keep a secret ??... Okay so I'll have to take your word for it FB family .... One week from today I will be on the plane to NYC to surprise my mom for her 70th birthday !!!!.... I just loovvveeee my mom !!.... she has been there for me through thick and thin ... nobody can ask for a better friend !!! 
says life is what you make it .... i'm mixing up a wonderful life ;o ) 
Happy 70th Birthday Mommy !! 
is packing my bag to head back to Kansas .... 
SLEEP !! 
Complete test and Quiz online ? CHECK !.... Finish last paper of the semester due tomorrow ? NO CHECK !!!..... goodnite FB ! Got work to do !! 
is cheering one semester down three more to go !!!! 
actually forgot what is was like to take a nap on a saturday afternoon ..... exhaling a huge SIGH !!!! 
sez*who goes to the emergency room not feeling well and has to have emergency KNEE surgery ??? ME !!! SHEESH !!!!!! 
The Dr. s were nice enough to let me come home this evening !!!..... sitting on my own sofa with my leg up watching SALT ... PRICELESS !! 
That < PROPFEMALE > Is some kinda Guy/Gal !!.... He not only made sure my gift was ready since I got discharged from the hospital at the last minute .... but also gave me a little christmas tree that he was gonna surprise me with if I had to stay in the hospital !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!!! 
the only thing im missing today is my own cooking dang knee !!!! 
What will your life look like one year from now if you decide to finally change ? 
nothing but LOVE for you facebook FAMILY .... Happy New Year !!! 
back to school tomorrow ;o ) .... i actually missed being in class ... 
first day back to school ... great feedback on my papers I perceived I struggled with ... makes me feel like that book I'm writing will work out better than I thought ... ;o ) 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't just post a word & not copy .... That's no fun ! 
I have decided to stick with love . Hate is too great a burden to bear . \ 
~ Martin < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. ~ 
no class tonight so i guess i'll have to force myself to watch first round tryouts on american idle .... the best part of the whole season ..... ;o ) 
Our natural state of being is joy , and it takes so much energy to think negative thoughts , to speak negative words , and to feel miserable . The easy path is good thoughts , good words , and good deeds . \ 
Take the easy path . ( The Secret Daily Teachings ) 
is flying to Ohio this afternoon for business .... I am manifesting a personal assistant to pack this dang bag !! 
Wonderful week but TGIF !!! 
I just got the best emails from one of my classmates in my cohort ... love my group ... my new additions to my family .... who said you have to share blood to be family ??.... <3 
school closed again tomorrow !! 
I know everything happens for a reason but it still irritates me how people won't slow down when the weather is so bad .... i even question why they leave their homes .... if i see another person get stuck trying to get out of this driveway to no avail i'm going to POP !! 
Just got in from class but I need to let the world know that today my baby turns 20 years old !!!... Ashley is a wonderful daughter !!.... she's got her head in those college books and working on doing BIG things ..... I'm so very proud of her and this adds another year that I'm proud to say that I am glad she chose me to be her mommy !! Happy Birthday Mookie !! 
LIFE is ........................................ 
sore throat !... ARGH !! 
<3<3 73 degrees <3<3 
Okay , today is my big sis's < PROPFEMALE > Acosta 49th birthday so what way to celebrate her than to thank my mom for buying her that gorgeous first communion dress and veil to make her look like the Angel she turned out to be 40+ years later ... Yea !! I know she loves me too !!... lol .... 
While on Facebook , look at your URL address . If you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check at least the first setting . FB defaults to the non-secure setting . Copy and repost . 
Class cancelled tonight ... icy outside .... guess I will start reading for next week's class .... 
Archangel < PROPFIRST > please send protection ..... they are at it again !! 
It feels so good to feel better <3<3<3 
Okay ... so yesterday I felt emotionally better but made a comment that I would rather deal with a COLD than deal with DRAMA .... sooooo ?!?!.... you guessed it !!.... I woke up hacking and coughing this morning ... My mantra for today is \I am in tip top shape emotionally and physically for the rest of my life\ " ... I'm getting better and better at this manifestation thang ... lol .... " 
Until today , you may not have been aware of your true identity . You may have accepted the expectations of others as the fabric of your being . Just for today , stand in your true identity without guilt , defenses or apologies . ~ Iyanla Vanzant ~ 
Tornado watch in < PROPMALE > County till 9pm .... SHEESH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Okay so the tree I so love that grows so full outside of my bedroom window and blocks my neighbors across the way from looking in is blooming .... I know , you're saying its spring and thats what trees do ... well the only reason I noticed its blooming is because I woke up sneezing ... lol .... Hey I still love my tree .... gonna go outside and hug it with a mask on ... lol ..... 
Why wait for Thanksgiving to show gratitude ??... I give thanks for purification and balance ..... what are you thankful for today ?? 
Just went to drop < PROPFIRST > off at school ... thermometer reads 88 degrees ... a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > sunday ;o ) 
