dove to 150feet today ! Was fun :) 

has Cabo Wabo on his mind :) 
is off to eat some Crepes at Crossiant De < PROPFEMALE > ! Love that place . 
is pleased to find out that for the second time diving his phone down to 120 feet will in fact break it again .... Idiot !!! 
Hasn't had a damn phone for four days ... it's pretty jacked up .... amazed how i made it without one before ... 
Damn that trailer trash party was fun . 
You think you know what you're doing but you don't! 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! Thanks and i had a good time ! 
..... 
is headed to Cape Cod ! 
Headed to U2 Concert tonight in Boston ! Should be fun ! 
Back to Reality in Key West .... Home from boston . 
wonders if his < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Franco will be visiting Key West soon ... 
has no idea what to do with his day !................ 
finds taco < PROPFEMALE > to be the best Mexican food in Key West . 
is awake . 
just mopped the floor ! What a blast !.... off to the day off thing ! 
is experimenting with dark rum , pineapple , and cran-strawberry while he surfs the web .... I have to say the drink came out great ! 
got his costume ready for the infamous Fantasy Festival down here in the Keys ! Expecting 85000 people this year ! Should be crazy ! 
feels that if you haven't done it yet ... you gotta make it down to Key West Florida for Fantasy Festival .... Crazy Town ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas :) 
is over stupid people . 
The Damn Oil just may have ruined my bad ass life style up down here .... People suck . 
We really need to thin the herd .... I'm pretty sure cock roaches are smarter ... or atleast they are a team . There are far to many people on this planet and you know the saying .... You can't please them all . It would be alot easier if oh i don't know 3/4 of the worlds population went \Missing \"...." 
Maybe it's time to join the shepard and harpoon the folks who are harpooning whales . 
Captain < PROPFIRST > has arrived ! Leber Perez I expect a salute early every morning and if not ! You will clean the deck ! haha JK ! 
The Ugly Truth ... Best movie and everyone should watch it today if you haven't yet .! 
Thank you for the BDAY wishes :) Much appreciated . 
Found my reel ! Just Trust me it's important ! 
< PROPFIRST > good luck ... I'll be in Boston don't call or write . 
What to do next ........... 
There can be no light without darkness ! 
Snow boarding in New Hampshire @ Loon . Not bad at all ! For all of you snow peeps wondering how the east coast is :) 
Flew an R22 today first time in a helicopter ! 
