Well , like < PROPMALE > i got to watch that awesome movie . Way long movie for a person like me , just to let you allknow . Wow ... anyways i just forgot what i was going to type before i saw his post so umm ... Taco ? 

If one friend doesn't want to see you again , then is it wrong to disassociate yourself from their friends , though your friends with them too , to keep the one from having to see you ? 
I don't think I know how to hold up my most loved friend anymore ... 
Now all has been heard : here is the conclusion of the matter : Fear God and keep his commandments , for this is the whole duty of man . For God will bring every deed into judgement , including every hidden thing , whether it is good or evil . Ecclesiastes 12 : 
What a freaky day ... 
Got told today that fighting your persistent Sin that doesnt go away , and living with your persistent Sin is two different things ... I had three ways out sent to me by God today , and only after they flutter away do i see them for what they are . 
Yesterday was an insane amount of drama between three people . And I finally went to God on a subject i should have a long time ago . Today is another gift given by God , so why not live for God Right ? 
Wow . Looking over this Revelation study < PROPFIRST > has got going . Makes me thankful for having people like < PROPFIRST > to turn to when I have questions , and this is making a lot of those . Still excited to be learning though ! Praise God ! 
Really wanna go to the movies , but i'm bummed out because I cant take who i want . Or well , really wanna do anything actually . I are bored . 
I've tried talking , a personal meeting , and getting the help from friends . Ive tried all that is available to me and still have no answers . I give it to God , and choose to wait and pray . I miss you . 
Eh , I would just be a hinderance to life anyways . God bless the roads we choose ... 
figured out why people dont like talking about the bible in everyday conversation . when you bring up God , there is an urge to fix yourself that comes about . people dont like it ... 
Sweet , its wednesday ! hope ic an find a ride to church ! 
Happy bday < PROPFEMALE > . Hopefully gonna get my cash from < PROPFIRST > today and sign the car over to him , and hopefully see his brother . I have no way to get ahold of anyone so darn . I bored . Happy bday < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well , not much to do these days sept praise God and kill time . Didn't think getting out of my habits and friend circles would suck so bad . But , its for the greater good i suppose . 
Haha , I say that there is noone to talk to and < PROPFEMALE > out with and i am swarmed by nine people Facebook chatting me suddenly !! haha , God is good 
i just saw a \become a fan of insomnia\ " three friends like this . what ? seriously ? How .? " 
What do you do when you realize that you have no relationship with your parents ? 
If we gain by sufferance , We gain most of all . Annihilate your conscience , twisting it all . 
Oklahoma weather . We got bright hot sunshine here in stilly , and over in < PROPFIRST > it looks like they gettin hit with raindrops not thirty < PROPMALE > away . HAHA 
Killin time til I head into < PROPFIRST > at five , anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Just get pissed cause your never gonna get me ! Shut up now , and die with your twisted faith ! 
Only one of us walks away ... 
To town to enroll . Now , < PROPFIRST > or Morrison ? I got a math credit to finish . Anyways , gonna be rockin round in the truck today lookin for necro an the mullet . 
First day of school tomro at morrison . Hopefully ill finish in four days or so . Thats my guestimate at least . 
How can such a small thing ruin such a possibly big future ? 
shower 
Haha , i love ten minute ice-showers ! 
School day one , starts in about an hour . Student speculation for this years alt < PROPMALE > program : 3 pregnant couples , two punks , and a stoner . 
Alright , so . Result of alt < PROPMALE > for today = 1 pretty girl ( was one of the prego ones last year ) two idiots , my cousin < PROPFEMALE > for a bit , and me . 
Well , today was good all in all . Got stuff cleared up last night a lil , so the morning was good , school passed easy , an i got to kick it with < PROPFEMALE > for about an hour , an to top it off my mom made some good food . Faith , Love , and Happiness ! 
OH ! I GOT THE IRON MAIDEN : FEAR OF THE DARK CD FROM MY UNCLE < PROPFIRST > FOR THE NIGHT ! NEW MUSIC ON THE COMPUTER , AND IRON MAIDEN AT THAT ! AHAHAHAH ! 
Haha , backed out ! I laugh at you ! 
Zero , and zero , is nothign but zero . Cancer , and people , conspire together . Running and running , and going forever , collected and sampled you've all equaled zero . Come see my cage , built in my grave . 
Can you eat away at what defiles me , can you reach into the ichor and pull out the strange . Will you sacrifice your life for me so I can throw mine away for nothing at all . Will you be by my side when I look up and tell the world of the whispering hate that is held inside ? 
Psalm 1:11 -12 Serve the Lord with Fear and rejoice with Trembling . Kiss the son , lest he be angr and you be destroyed in your way , for his wrath can flare up in a moment . Blessed are all who take refuge in him 
That was psalm 2 , sorry . 2 : 11-12 
Hehe , thats awaesome . In under ten minutes of being asked about Fearing God i could look up scripture and give atleast 3 examples . God is good to have given us a resources as powerful as the bible ! 
Why does noone care that God pointlessly killed dozens of people in the old testament for things done that effect noone else ? 
I feel , I bleed , I have the need , to take your life for my own greed . You disgust me with your pitiful ploys , so cry as i take your life and all of your joys . Oh yes it will end , and you will see the light , but until that candle starts to burn , i will make you scream , flail , and fight ! 
Got some < PROPMALE > God-Talk on today with my boy < PROPFIRST > , apparently my lack of transport has kept me from some < PROPFEMALE > meetings ? 
So , now that i'm required to wear pants in the welding shop , i'm coming to realize just how many jeans i chopped into shorts over the summer , and the reason for the ones i didnt . They're all SMALL ! I need to go shopping . 
Well , I'm finally on floor at Tech ! Gotta get my boots today . 
Situation : Your on story twelve . Someone jumps from story twenty four . Sound : aaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaa thud 
I think somethings wrong with one of my nuts ... 
I Love my TALLY ! 
Got to see < PROPFEMALE > for the first time in like 8 weeks !!! That was UBERCOOL ! Yea , i said uber . Then i got to see my boy hermes ! That was awesome too ! 
AND ! I got to see my boy Stephens lil bouncin baby boy ball of love < PROPMALE > ! FOr the FIRST TIME ! yesterday ! he finally got custody !!!! 
Well , God Revelation night I guess , found an amazing book that has taught me so much tonight ! I'll be sure to throw some stuff on here tomro 
Uh , power . Finally ? A yiz-to the zizzay ! Wait , that makes no sense . How about HALLALEUYA ! Or however you spell it ! 
You make me want to reach inside you , grab your guts and slowly pull . Yellows , blues , and guts of green , I'll eat your corpse , my perversions full . 
Get pissed cause your never gonna change me , I got my God and all i need is He ! 
Got the net back at home , yay . Access to the outside world . Church was awesome . 
Iron Maiden is the greatest band in the world ! 
So i should be getting a phone today ... And METAL BY < PROPFIRST > , by < PROPFIRST > Posehn is HILARIOUS ! It's a parody of metal songs . If you hate metal , listent o it . 
Happy B-Day NASTY ! I'm coming to touch your third finger on your left hand today ! 
You've had your fun and played your games . Now let me be , for we are not I , for I am one . And i see our line . 
RAH AH URRAH RADA , RADANADA RAH DAH RAH DAH HARRAH URRAH RAH RAAH ! 
ARRAHDA RAH DAH DARADDAH URRAH DARAH RAHARRAH ! URRAH RAH AH URRAH RADA , RADANADA RAH DAH RAH DAH HARRAH URRAH RAH RAAH ! 
Umm , i'm a porn < PROPFEMALE > ... I think its a REQUIREMENT for me to have my shirt off ... 
What ? Yoga ? Of COURSE i'm down for Yoga ! 
So , Paranormal activity with tivo is AWESOME ! you get to watch the drag scene like , twenty million times ! its not scary yo , but it is hilarious 
Played a dota for the first time in like a year , and remarkably i came back and GOT A MONSTER KILL !!!! Wow , it's amazing how good i am at everything ! 
So , no getting in trouble this halloween . I'm gonna sit at my friends , kill some zombies , and play a few dota's . Very quiet relaxing halloween ... now if only ill actually commit to doing that . 
Wow , lots of birthday wishes over the weekend . Thanks guys . To all who are concerned , my birthday was good . Sat inside and killed some zombies . Bout all i can ask for right now . 
I think that tweaker stole my phone last night . I put minutes on it about an hour before that too . Yay for the luck , right ? 
So , is it wrong to want to fix a friendship that got ruined because the relationship didn't work out ? Why do people run so hard ? 
My first sonw ill be named Aeros Anisayd Fel Ruun Sun Howell ! Yay . 
So , i've looked at my friends list and found out that i have a lot of people on there that I don't really call friend , and not sure if they care whether i live or die . So , i'm out to cut down that friend list . Bye bye peoples ! If you get cut , and think you shouldn't have i guess message me , but i probably wont care .. 
Well , friend cuts are done . If you get this message then yay . If not , then yay anyways , for it really doesn't matter . 
I just cut my friend list from something like 116 to 64 ... 
So . To clear some stuff up . If your still here your either a . Family . This includes all of you , smith family , or rather both smith families , and a few people from my church . b . a possible friendship that i would like to see try to grow , but will probably cut you later , or c , just a person that interests me with humour , insight , or philosophy-like thought patterns . 
I will be attending church on wednesday . ( Providing the cops dont arrest me this time ) 
The person who cares the least will always be in control of the relationship - Anonymous . So , being the type of person i am , one who devotes entirely to a relationship , i will never hve control ? 
Well , to continue making my coffee table present for a friend , or to go to church ... i think i wanna go to church . Yea , definately church .. 
Mmmm , pace picante , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > megathin tortilla chips , mtn dew , and some chocolate cake ... 
Whats this ? I'm sleepy ? Like , where i think i can possibly sleep , which i havent done since sunday ... but its mid-day , and i have a coffee table to make , but powertools in the sleep deprived is usually a bad idea ... why do i argue with myself so much ? 
This mono-emotion of happiness and devotion is hopefully spreading the notion that my lifes had a promotion into Gods loving ocean ! 
Just cut another twelve or so people from my friend list , its getting quite small ! 
I'm Alive - By I think its pocket ful of rocks .. that is AMAZING ! 
To do list :: Find a postage stamp and mail a letter , write a letter for another person , get some wood-stain and finish the coffee table , and get dimensions for a pantry . 
What are somethings one should build their lives towards if they have no direction ? 
WOW , NEW MEGADETH IS FREAKING AWESOME . THIS DAY WE FIGHT IS THE BEST SONG EVER ! 
How many times have you wanted to kill . Everything and everyone , you scream you'll do it but never will ! 
Madness is a plague of the mind . But if one self-identifies the madness that is growing within them , does that give them the power to control it and tear it apart and keep their sanity , or does the knowledge of the madness in oneself cause paranoia to develop and cause the deeper plunge into madness . As if by knowing that your losing it , and trying to stop it , get wrapped up in your head and truly lose it all ? 
People , I do not do mafia wars , farmville , or any other little gay app on here , please stop sending me gift requests , pets , donations , guns , whatever it is that people send me , and lots of people do , please stop . I dont care . 
Hmm , i got my phone turned back on . So yea ... 
Evile-Infected Nation 
An though i scream I tend to mumbleAnd in the dream thoughts all jumbleGreet your fears , come be humbleWatch insanity fall and crumble 
Todays Plans :: Kick it with Necro and Nasty , swing by my homeboy Faggles house and chill there for a minute , and hopefully find a DotA clan by the end of the night . Zombies , Dj hero , Dota , DBZ and CoD : MW2 . All goin DOWN ! 
Well , I have nothing to do after 3:30 today . Darn . Also , i somehow managed to turn one of my eyes green over the weekend . They both turned slightly green , but only the right eye changed into a solid < PROPFEMALE > green , for about 7 minutes i'd say . Caught myself hypnotized by my own eyes in the mirror . 
I'm lucky to have so many beautiful girls in my life ! 
Hmm , I think everyone on my friends list shoudl take a close-up of their eye , and send it to me , that way i can have a massive eye collection album . be wary green-eyed females , if you do this , i may stare ! 
So , i have received a beautiful eyeball pick from someone , but now my lack of facebook skills ish olding me back . How do i put it as mine ? 
Ever watched two blondes lick razor blades then make-out ? Oh yea . 
I can't control my SHAKES how the hell did I get here , something about this SO VERY WRONG . 
Lifes currently boring . I believe it is time for a radical change-up of friends , habits , and habitats . Smith-Marshal family , are you all going to be home at around 5ish ? I've been trying to get ahold of < PROPFEMALE > but she seems to not be responding , i need my oil-pastels , if she still has them . Might see you all today . 
Is cannibalism something that one could put on their bucket list ? 
ATTENTION FAMILY AND FRIENDS - READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS TO GET THE WORD OUT : If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service , do NOT click it . It's a virus . Please post this on your own site for your friends . 
hmm , off to shower , then time to take some phtos to document the hair-length , and then i guess into town . 
Someone told me i should post on facebook more , so heres a list of some boring activities of the day that noone should really care about me doing ::: Find , sharpen , and use limb loppers on the front fenceline . Several small cedars growing . Find a rope or a leash for my new pup . Some laundry . And then i guess kick it ? 
Got on a MIG welding machine for the first time today . It is RIDICULOUSLY easy . Within three welds i was matching the \Mig Pro\ " of the class . " 
It still amazes me how wonderful God is , and how he can come out of nowhere and punch you in the face , making you cry irrationally infront of all your friends on any given night . Whaddup Lord , i'm listenin !? 
so my moms house burned down today . also took second in district weld contest . lost by 4/10 of a point , out of 600 . we bombed written test .. 
Happy late bday < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Dragon Ball Z . Period . That's it . Nothing better , nothing else needed . Just pure DBZ Action . GO ! 
My zombie slaying skillz >>> Your zombie slaying skills . Notice , mine is with a Z ... it makes all the difference young padewan . all the difference 
I do not play farmville . At all . 
Aaw , wish I could talk to my Bex .. 
I need a driver to take me to the city this weekend . I need to hit up the mall and get some clothes . 
Oh , by the way guys , GOD IS AWESOME ! He does so much , don't put off the miracles he is doing for you or what he is saying in your hearts 
if i was gay i could totally get off to this pic of me ... 
OO ! EVERYTHINGS TURNING GREEN ! The showers bring the flowers thing , i dont care about flowers , but they come with springs , and i am EXCITED FOR SPRING ! 
Awesome day , saw some church friends , played some games , rode a bike , < PROPMALE > out with duck an gabbs , an Jesus loves me , what more can i ask for . 
Aaaw , i want to talk to my Bex ... 
Hah ! Like you even have the moral character to make a match with me . 
Alright , everyone . I need some pics of < PROPMALE > . Anyone got any they can throw up on Facebook ? 
Sitting , Waiting . Could be fishing . But that can wait . 
Watching \where the wild things are\ " and am not impressed . " 
When everything falls apart .... 
Greater things have yet to come , Greater things are still to be done here ! 
I'd write you a love song if you wouldnt take it as hate 
WooSub ! Come mop up some pubs with your clan , yo ! I'm thinkin a rhasta-ursa lineup . 
I need someone to occupy my day and take my attention . I just might be done killin nazi-zombies for the present time . 
Waiting on ya girl ... 
RADAH URRAH AH AH ARRAH RAH RAHRRRADA ! 
NASTY NASTY NASTY !!!! DUDE !!! ITS ALWAYS < PROPFEMALE > !!! NEW SEASON !!! you know what this means right ... 
So , i'm camping this weekend . I dont know where , but if your down let me know . 
Alright guys .. i think i have to admit it by now ... i have a zombie addiction .... 34 calls ... 
So , like . I guess i've graduated ? Yay ? 
How do you continue to fight for God , when all your fellow children shrug off the responsibility of looking to him , and have fallen to the failed themselves . 
So , guys .. i got some sad news ... We had five attempts at zombies last night , and not one made it to round twenty ... What happened ? 
Wish I could be in town . I've blown off this girl for like 3 days , not of my own accord . But now shes gone , so , i still need to fill the \social\ " void of living in the country . SOmone come get me ! " 
How do you teach someone morals ? 
< PROPFIRST > headbutted my axe an split his wide open ! Haha ! 
She said don't hesitate to kill what you hate thats inside of me . It doesn't matter if i give a S *** its s **** that you gave me 
So , theres another phone in my possession . 1405-612-6027 . its a txt phone 
phone hasnt had service all day . whats up ? 
I don't lie and i'll answer any question asked three times . Whaddup . 
I'd rather you be dead than consider opening my own restaraunt . Dethklok lyrics FTW ! ( For all you emo's , this is nerds FOR THE WIN , not F THE WORLD ) 
Massive party at campsite saturday night , will become a BYOB if we get too many mooches . Come along all , message for details on guest list or how to get here . 
I don't know why this surprised me , but everyone has a facebook ... Everyone ... 
Yay for finding < PROPFEMALE > Lemons !!! 
Thanks everyone , was a pretty good day ! 
What up Gangsters , my left shift button doesnt work . 
ANYBODY WHO IS ANYBODY WHO SAYS THEY APPRECIATE MUSIC YOUTUBE < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > -1970 . ITS A DRUM SOLO . 
G-ZUS ! 
What up yos ! Ready for the snow-fall ?! 
Campsite party friday night ? What ? 
Mikey :: Ha , your sitting by a famous gook ! Me :: I'd still use him as a sandbag in Nom ! 
Prayer Warriors Needed !! Can't really give out details , but a friend of mine is in a struggle and she needs the prayer ! Please lift her up and pray that she finds something to take her mind off of her struggle ! Thanks ! 
Can't even find music heavy enough to change my thought patterns . You'll never see me far from grace , but wow do i hate the pain avialable to people and the sorrow it causes . 
