I am elated . My burmese python laid her eggs this morning at 2:34 am . Now comes the task of pulling her off of her eggs so the eggs can be incubated . 

Being perplexed and mentally overwhelmed . 
I just finished designing pythonreticulatus.com . It is now in stable release . Any feedback on the site would be appreciated . If you find bugs and glitches , drop me an email and let me know where you encountered the bug and I will fix it . 
Sitting here coding and playing with my Nile Monitors . Next pet to play with .... my female African rock python . 
Looking for some new clients . 
Just another early morning . Its 3:18 A.M. , do you know where everyones at ? \ 
... on a side note , when you type your News Feed message in the top search bar for Facebook , does that mean you should go to bed ? 
Hey You ! Yes , you looking at the screen ! Debrew that who ! I'm away from my computer . I just got home . My computer was signed in all day . I will be back though ! 
Hey , you , yes you Debrew , thats who . My home computer remains signed into facebook , but I am actually not home . I should be home within the hour . 
Just another long night of sitting up working on developing a new app . and testing it . 
In case you show up < PROPFIRST > , i will be back . I'm walking Kane . 
Its time for the monthly pet stats update ! As of 12/18/2010 our menagerie contains the following :\ 
\ 
3 Dogs ( two malamutes and one doberman)\ 
13 snakes\ 
4 Crested Geckos\ 
1 Leopard Gecko\ 
2 Nile Monitors\ 
26 Breeding Rats\ 
16 Rabbits\ 
1 Chinchilla\ 
2 Horses\ 
7 Goats 
Yay !, Its Christmas < PROPFEMALE > at 2:15 a . m .. I'm so happy . Not ! This is like pulling teeth . 
Just another day in this vein existence . 
Whats on my mind ? If you only knew . No other mind has the capacity to understand what I think . 
Feeling indecision , uncertainty , and detachment . 
Not much , just sitting here playing with my phone 
Just another day in chaos . 
Don't ask and I wont tell 
So doberman # 1 , referred to as Kane gets his first bite on another person . Credit can go to < PROPFEMALE > for being the unknowing helper in getting Kane to make his first bite on a person . She got too close to Kane while he was protecting his prey item and he turned around and snapped her . Now I will hear about it for sometime . 
High strung . 
Sitting in the office wondering why I have to be the one who doesn't need sleep . Its a pain when you're the only person still up . 
Sitting at the most wonderful place on earth : DMV 
9 more < PROPFIRST > to go at DMV 
Well DMV didn't take long . With as many weirdos as there are at DMV , I can see why DMV employees would be miserable and unhappy . 
Waiting to do poli sci homework . 
Adrial , an 11.5 ft lavender albino reticulated python coiled up resting in the cabinet . 
Sitting in a financial accounting lecture working on asset depreciation methods . 
Sore , aching , and can't sleep from the pain of yesterday's canine catastrophe . 
