is taking a week long break from facebook ..... call or txt my cell 

is off to KC for the weekend ..... yea :) 
is so freakin GLAD to be home .............. love my fam but they drive me nuts !!! 
is so sad that Zach is leavin today to be gone for a month ........ sigh 
night #3 of working , just 2 more to go ..... I WILL SURVIVE ! 
is gettin sleepy .............. 
ho hum ...... wish i could sleep :( 
is a freakin lobster and I hurt !!! 
sigh ............ im ready to have Zach back , just 1 week left 
Is it a full < PROPFEMALE > ? 
is sad that the weekend is over already :( 
thinks it doesn't seem like I had a whole week off , time flies , back to work tonight 
it always seems like one step forward but 2 steps back 
~ wishes time would slow down ~ 
I finally really checked out youtube !!! Its amazing what ppl post ... 
Hopin zach kicks this resp crap soon . Looking forward to a cough free night without waking up every hour !!! 
is sooo tired ....... maybe I can get a nap in today :) 
can't believe Zach starts school again tommorrow 
I love my son , my home and my silly pets :) 
Anyone have legos that they have outgrown and are willing to part with ? 
< PROPMALE > is selling Boy Scout Popcorn !!! If anyone wants to order some , let me know :) 
RAWR !!!! Damn concrete truck and crew right outside my house . Sometimes I wish I slept normal hours ........ sigh 
oh , how I wish I had the luxury of being a stay-at-home mom sometimes .... 
arrr , I feel so crappy . Head is full , eyes watering like a hose , and my head is spinning at times ...... PLEASE GO AWAY :( 
is OBSESSING about christmas already .... to those who have to put up with me until then , I apologize now ;) 
busy busy at work .... 
goin to start my xmas shopping in the morning !!!!! How EXCITING !!! :D 
helped at the Legion turkey dinner earlier and now our Christmas tree is up & decorated ...... it's been a very good day :D 
wishes I didn't live on top of a hill :( 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes on f.b. and by phone :D 
It's gonna be a white christmas !!!! :) 
I got a kindle wi-fi version for christmas . During the last few day , I have been having annoying troubles with it freezing up when turning pages . It then resets itself back to the beginning of the book :( Has anyone else had issues like this with their Kindle ?? 
Does anyone know of someone who gives guitar lessons in this area ? Zach got a real guitar for xmas and wants to learn to play :D 
oh .... ( sigh ) ..... how I wish I could sleep more than 2 hours at a time before waking up 
Thank goodness this weekend is almost over ! :) 
I think just 1 or 2 more days of painting the inside of my house and it will be done ......... THANK GOODNESS ! 
ummm ...... Where did Friday go ? ~ oH yeah , I SLEPT it away ....... the JOYS of working night shift :S 
How does one aquire so much shit in so little time ?!?!?!?!!? Ya don't realize it until your trying to box it all up :S 
la la la laaaaaa ............. it should be a REALLY GOOD day !!!! :D 
Had a WONDERFUL weekend in KC !!!! Thanks to my family meeting up with us on Sunday to a great end to it :) 
Happy Mothers day ! 
can't sleep ..... should be packing or cleaning but Im doing neither :S 
grrrr ...... while I was at work , my cat puked IN MY BED !!! At least my couch is comfy :S 
Progress is WONDERFUL !!! and < PROPFEMALE > days make it even better :D 
Down to a couch , a bed , tv , and clothes left in the house ........ Moving to Tarkio as soon as Zach is finished with school next week . Woo Hoo :) 
Looking forward to being able to attend all of my son's events !!!! Can't wait to start my 8 hour nites :) 
work , sleep , work , sleep ..... and the cycle continues 
Wonderful 4th of July display at < PROPMALE > and Mom's!!!! 
Finally gave in & started reading the twilight books yesterday evening ..... now on the 4th one , can't believe I waited THIS LONG !!! 
Time off was great !!! back to work tonight , thankful I have a job that I enjoy :) 
cannot stand liars ..... Proverbs 19:5 A false witness will not go unpunished , and he who pours out lies will not go free . 
I've carried a child within my body . I have comforted a baby on my chest . I have kissed booboos , mended broken hearts , been puked & peed on , woke up in the middle of the night to a feverish child & more . I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect but when I look in the mirror I see a Mom , and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a Mom . 
started my christmas shopping yesterday ! :) Can't wait to put my tree up , oh How I LOVE the christmas season ..... hurry up halloween !!! 
Plan to attend the \ 
44th Annual Turkey Dinner at The American Legion , 201 N . 3rd Street in Tarkio Sunday , November 7th , 2010 . 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. , \ 
Deliveries to Shut-Ins in Tarkio call 736-4411 before 10 on Sunday . GREAT FOOD ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! :) 
Rascal Flatts concert was awesome ! Somehow Zach was able to take a nap in the middle of it ... but he was awake by the finale !! lol 
Do NOT have the really short , brown haired young gal at Regis in St. < PROPFIRST > cut your hair . She MUTILATED mine :( 
wishes < PROPFEMALE > Campbell did NOT like sugarland ! blah ! 
As time goes by , it gets easier and easier to see who is fake and who is real , what is important in your life and what isn't . God bless my family and friends 
Calgon take me away , FAR FAR AWAY !! 
