Almost 21 !! AHHHH ! wish me a birthday wish ! 

Has found many many pictures , will post soon !!!! 
Road Trip ! YaY . Leaving tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue , don't try to rush things . 
Don't care how long it takes . 
For good luck , Rub my Tummy ! Super Buddha come forth ! lol 
Looking for 4 flute players , a piano player , and a singing < PROPMALE > . any volunteers ? 
Bruising your big toe sucks . :( 
I really give up on everyone and everything .. I Can no Longer deal with everything .. It is too much , almost died tonight and it doesn't really matter .... 
My leg is messed up , ankle mostly . My wrist is also not doing good . What a way to usher in the b-day 
People who take things at face value annoy me . And why do people have to say hurtful things , nothing good ever comes from them ..... 
Vocab sucks , cant do anything ...... 
Get a double Royale with cheese , plain except for mustard ketchup and pickles . Now , who knows where the Royale ? I am testing u ..... 
IT'S TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THAN DON'T!!! IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR !! AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !! 
First week is almost over ... yeah !! 
I want my brain to implode already , too many terms . Going out sometime tonight .... 
tired of dealing with insensitive dbags . 
Momma's home from the hospital ! yay ! Passing anatomy , woot ! Bring forth more doom , academia doom anyway . 
Conflicts of interests , between my anatomy textbook and my medical terminology book . I think with a med terminology book , you can make up an infinite number of words . And I like words .... lol 
Made two Giant snow forts ! snowballs are ready . And I totally shoveled the driveway . Turning into He-man . 
Why do people have status updates ? Because they want people to SEE something for once ... 
Finitely tired , infinitely immersed . 
Happy Valentines Day ! Land of Lovers ! Live your Life Out Loud ! 
Snow fort of icicles is complete , mwah hah ha ! no school I hope ... 
Building a giant , robotic < PROPMALE > Bear . And his name is < PROPMALE > , he will help me rule the world ! mwah hah ah . Lol . 
AHHHHH ! Take that anatomy !!! Upper limbs and the brain I can now say I thoroughly know ..... 
Tonight ! My House ! Be there or understand , Ill give u a hard time ! 
AHHH ! my party was awesome ! Someone left a coat ...... 
Life is a big hmmm right now . Want to be appreciated , but then again who doesn't .. 
Super excited , that's all I can say .. And of course , computers rock . They make so many things possible . I'm also happy to support the band in any way possible . Made a flyer , gonna make more graphics soon .. 
Last week of class ! Finals approach , so does my brain's doom .... Not complete doom , just implosion from over use . Time for not studying this weekend .. 
Oh my . The webs we weave . What if just one of the lines that hold us is severed . Would you still be able to hold youself up ? Or crash ? Or would you fall , get back up , and make a new web . 
Wow , what a week ..... This is odd .. Feeling a little intrigued ... 
Well , I'm pretty much done with my sketching ... I think it looks pretty cool , now all I need is someone who can color or paint .. Cause I suck at it . Lol 
YAY ! 3.0 for Winter quarter . On the other hand however .... I have a big sad face for today ...... 
Hmm , not going to have a good week I think , unless something changes soon ... 
I have discovered the joys of charcoal and it rocks ! I have to redo all of my sketches now to look better now ! Except the < PROPFEMALE > ...... I can't really use charcoal on that . 
And one day , when it was sad and gloomy out in 1968 , the gods of rock gave us a gift . The gift of Led Zeppelin . Forever will they dominate classic rock ! 
Happy easter ! Saw Clash of the Titans , omg it rocks ! Amazing visuals ! Didnt really have a feast except for Texas Roadhouse ! Mmmmm ! Sad that they didnt have their country fried steak , lol . Happy though . 
Urg ... I have an assignment to do , and my back is killing me ! AHHH ! I wish I could get a shoulder massage from someone ... On to work I suppose .. 
Wow , i really need a massage right now . My neck feels like it will explode ! I give enough of them , wheres mine ? Lol 
So , i had a ginormo headache that could only calmed by a long sleep . Dont want that to happen again ! Sorry my friends for slipping out on you , i went to the land of gnomes . Lol 
AHHHH !!! The Headache of doom has returned !! Help me someone ! 
A rainy day . Suits the mood i suppose .. Had an awesome time last night singing with members of Stone Groove . We rocked the house . Hopefully something nice will happen today .. 
A bright and < PROPFEMALE > day . I want to enjoy it and bask in the sun . 
If i dont fall , i wont let you either . 
Wow , feel like crap . Seriously , I am not sure what to put here , I am beginning to lose interest with everything . It all seems lame .... 
While my body grows strong , my heart grows weak . Weak , not vulnerable . How to strengthen it ? Maybe someone can help . 
Campfires , guitars , ale , and halo , good times . 
Campfires , guitars , ale , and halo , good times 
Ahh ! Can't even concentrate at kareoke ?!? I keep getting someone stuck in my head ! No discipline anymore , wow ... < PROPFIRST > is slippin ' . 
Meh , a lot to do today .. Maybe that will keep my mind of things .. 
I fail on an epic scale . Time lost .. And more . 
I feel super horrible !!! I only bring pain and anger !!! AHHH ! Time to drown it out , maybe pool will make it lesser . 
Not really in the mood to share . Pissed off at a lot of things . Only happy about 2 things right now , one is that i rock at pool , the other im not sharing . Not with anyone . Grrr , rawr . 
urgh , argh . This is what a zombie sounds like . Zombies eat brains . But there is something worse out there . Zombie ninjas ! They are a threat to society ! The are coming , keep your pool sticks close and your chainsaw even closer . 
Someone special .. Takes my heart 
I am officially tired , and impatient ! Ahhh ! 
i feel forgotten today . Left behind 
Three words- Kareoke , tonight , Stingers . Be there ! 
It is a good day . Kareoke was awesome last night . Have class today , sparring later . Then who knows ? ;) 
Waking up cold .. Can someone warm me up ?? Lol 
Big sadface I suppose , < PROPFEMALE > got fired last night .. Had a good time though . Free for the weekend and no plans except homework . 
Shopping ! Go low , lower than you know . 
going to see my buddies show , hopefully gonna have a good time . 
Good f****ing show last night , my face has been melted off . Lol . Miss my special someone .. 
I want to be special to someone . 
Boo ! I want to go to california .. Dont want to , but have to do homework . Presentation on wednesday . UBER stress . 
Haircut ! Hair looks good . Need to post some pics .. The ones i have on here are too old !! 
Annoyed with being told that someone will get a hold of me and never do . 
I want a dream . I want to dream . But without you sleep is just resting in the dark . 
Wow , good night last night . Happy 21 < PROPFEMALE > ! No idea whats going to happen with the rest of the weekend . 
Ok , right now i would like to be dead . This is because every muscle in my back and legs is on fire , btw fire is a bad thing .. God , remove this burden from my body . Meh .. 
What is it I'm missing .. Something is off . 
Wtf !! No idea what the f is up with the family .. No estas aqui ! 
My great aunt < PROPFEMALE > just died .. Think it was a heart attack . Totally unexpected ; mom , grandma and < PROPFEMALE > are a mess . So many things left unsaid . :( 
Funeral was today . Got to see a little of the family . It was nice . 
Filled with irrational anger and frustration . Grrr 
How do I smile , when you aren't here to tell me everything is ok and wipe my tears ? 
Yay !! I have my computer again ! And a shiny hard drive to boot . Lol . 
Omg . I wish kareoke was every night of the week . Lol . Last night was good . 
My goodness , i need a neck massage bad ! My neck is making my entire head hurt . Ahhh ! Where is the axe ?? Lol , jk . 
The aqua teen hunger force ultimate cookout . Required : one cow , 50 gallons oil , jumbo syringe filled with cheese . Inject cheese into cow and fry til done . Mmmm 
Final weeks of school are coming up .. Will have a two week break this time !! I want to < PROPFEMALE > out with my peeps ! 
Bored .... AHHHHH !! What is up wth my peeps !!??!?!?!?!? 
Ugh .. Tired . Have loads to do still . Last week of the quarter , then 2 weeks of break !! Wanna party ? Hit me up ! Lol 
Ugh .... Relief please . 
AHHH ! It feels like someone punched me in the jaw in my sleep ! Wtf ?!?!?! 
Ugh , definitely have the plague . Don't feel like doin anything . 
AH ! Moved out Grandma and mom . Feel like He-Man . Totally going to party . Have the house to myself . Cool Beans . 
Why do people flake out when u really want to ask a serious question ? 
Wow , it is hot !!! Need to get my hair cut .. lol 
Come sail away with me ... If you will . 
Lol , Gnomes on Ice . An commemorative glasses , lol . 
Just hear me out , if it's not perfect I'll perfect it till my heart explodes .. 
Oww . Pain . 
Hearts on fire , lost in depths . Moving forward , without regret . The time will come to pay our debts , but until then , we walk towards death . 
Saw the coolest thing .. I was singing to this song on the radio , and then I saw someone pulling into < PROPMALE > Evans singing the same song . It was pretty awesome , but random . 
AHHH !! Having one plate and two sets of silverware sucks !! Don't really like living alone .. 
Hanging with friends . Up to my ears in thoughts about random shit . Waking up with random bruises is weird . Miss having company . 
Rocking out on guitar = blisters on fingers . Nice . 
Pissed . Stupid comments , ridulous advice . Bleeding with no bandaids , literally . No way to see my nephew and niece . Say something else , if u want a fist . 
Blew off some steam . Cooking goodness for my buddies . 
Singin is the best . Waiting to sing is not the best . Singing for someone you care is just awesome . 
Getting screams for singing Ozzy's No More Tears like the < PROPMALE > of darkness himself is an awesome feeling . Good times , should start recording thursday nights 
Move in to the country , gonna eat a lot of peaches . Millions of peaches , peaches for me . Millions of peaches , peaches for free . Yeah .. 
You know i wish i could talk to you all the time , because you know you make me feel so alive . 
Ahhhh ! Humidity is making my hair sticky and frizzy .. And why do people call at 430 in the morning ?? 
Classes start again today . Boo ! Aunt is still inconsiderate . Boo ! I have signed the legacy that is < PROPFIRST > and koons wall . Yay ! Project fruition . Good time . 
It is raining again .. This is not enough to dampen mah spirits . Good to see these crackers again . 
I do not want to take another f'n college math class . It is ridiculi . I already tested out of it and they STILL have me in that class . More red tape .. Oh well . Ahh ! I want to see somebody awesome ! 
So mom might have myeloma .. She has multilevel degenerative disk disease and joint arthritis .. 
Love rollin and thumpin my ride .. 
Yay ! Another crazy instructor that is awesome ! Sweet . 
Are you too stubborn to realize it is not just you ? 
Bad nights and bad days always suck . Last night was bad . Class today , not really excited . Sorry to my peeps for last night . Off to school I go ... 
Was finally able to stump a teacher in class today . Lol 
Really ? Have you thought that i DONT want to help u take the food away ? What am i supposed to eat ? Hate my family . 
Well , I have a little food still . About a weeks worth . Goign to try to have some fun tonight . I asked the magic 8 ball if I would do well in pool and it said definitely . PUMPED ! Thinking about lots of things .. 
What a week , crazy crap , and then some . WTF is up with this hotness , oh yeah , thats right , it is summer !!! :) 
The dreams keep coming . So many odd dreams , scary , good , and awesome dreams . Never had this many in a row ! 
Family is going on vacation next week . Not really jealous , have my own plans . Although wisconsin is nice and has really good cheese , been there , ate that . Lol 
Homework is for the most part complete . I am ready to rock !! As usual I have buddies to rock with , sweet ! Cant wait to get thee band together . 
Blarg . Stomach feels weird , don't feel like going to class .. Got to see the little munchkins today , YAY ! I want to lay down in a walk in freezer its so hot . GRRRR . 
Feel like crap , happy ? Dont do it again , cause it totally wasn't fair ! I dont say things to try to hurt you ! 
Why the hell do people think that a huge inflatable blue gorilla will boost sales ? 
Bored !!! I want to do something cool . Like jump off a bridge into a lake . Oh , right , already did that .. ugh . I'll have to find something else cool to do ... 
Went fishing ! Caught three fish ! Getting sunburned , lol . Ill deal . Impatient ... 
Ahhhh ! House is so messy ! Not ready . Going away for the weekend . Maybe the gnomes will clean while im gone , lol . 
Has a few things to say . My dreams keep getting more and more realistic and yet crazy at the same time . Swimming in the ocean to get to a navy cruiser ? A freezing biogel grenade ? And of course , flying , which isn't that realistic . There's more but it's really weird . Next . Feeling supremely bummed out , so much stuff that I could do . So I am going to keep trying , I will not be deterred . I like feeling strong . 
Everybody , come take my hand .. We'll walk this road together through the storm , whatever weather , cold or warm . Certainly know that your not alone , \ 
Hallah if you feel like you've been down the same road .. 
Tis hot today , TGIF though ! Hope class isn't too boring today .. 
I am having lots of fun recently . Trying to figure out a song . I need to focus but it's not working !!! 
Tired of endless monotony , day in and out . On the upside , writing songs is fun . Wish my phone worked so I wouldn't be as bored ... 
AHHHH ! it is way hot . Like the instant I step outside my clothes start sticking to me ! It is really annoying . Really want to skip math class tonight , another boring math class to take , I have taken too many already . But I guess if anyone will ever need help with math , I am apparently the one to ask . 
I feel odd ... Not really sick ... just odd . 
Really feel like crap .. not diggin it . 
I love having dreams when I nap , except when I drown in them . 
I like playing piano man , especially with a guitar backing me up . Whats even better is having 15 drunken people singing along . Good times . 
Wishing i could thinking of something simple and happy instead of wandering the depths of thought . 
Sweet . I have a job now . I start next week . 
Hospitals are slow , boring places for the most part . They dont show that part on tv . 
I dont like my new earring as much as my old one . I need to buy a new one , or get another piercing , or both . 
I heart Avenged Sevenfold . 
I realize that i have a ridiculous amount of piano music , it just keeps showing up . I need another huge container , ugh . Moving sucks . 
Had a nosebleed from hell today at work today and got sent home . Felt sick . Boo . 
So i stepped on my phone .. The screen is broken . No more txting , :( Going to have to figure out something .. Anyway , payday is soon ! Already know what im gonna do . 
Waiting to get halo reach . Seeing fellow nerds is encouraging 
Feel terrible . Although i have a phone , i dont have any < PROPFIRST > . Been 2 busy to go to the att store to get them . Anyway , party nxt week @ my house . 
Party tomorrow at my house let me know if u want to come . 
No party now . Boo 
Urg . I need someone to cuddle with . I feel like death . 
I feel like i dont talk to anybody . And when i do , i feel like i cant say whats really going on . 
Done with unwarranted hostility and bull . Im prolly going to come out only twice a week now . 
When in having a bad day , there are a couple of things that that brighten it . Seeing my bfs is at the top of the list . 
A douche trying to kill of with his truck was not the highlight of yesterday 
Bad luck must follow the foolhardy . I would lose my own heart if i didnt need it to keep going 
I am willing to beg for help relieving my back pain . This is bad . 
Nothing like strong emotions and alcohol , along with good times with friends , helps cure back pain . No joke . Have to work the next 3 days so I don't know how thats going to go . I hope things go well . But I have a feeling that the pain will get worse , even though I had help cracking my back . Life has many cruel ironies . 
I find it disturbing that i shred one and a half times my body weight in cheese every week . 
Everything hurts . I want to lay down on a couch , turn on a movie , grab a 2 liter and go katatonic for a while . 
Ready to give up on everyone and everything 
These eyes are just mirrors of the sun 
The Kardashians are the spawn of satan . the only one entertaining is the mom 
Concerned . Also Pissed off . Noone will back me up even though i have everything to repay the debt . Tired of being constantly underestimated . 
I surprise even myself 
I dont want to go yet .. 
You are amazing just the way you are 
I dont like being sick .. Things i say come out wrong . 
Conan should get fat , that would be a change of pace .. I think he'd look funny 
If you do anything nice ill be surprised 
Many surprises .. 
Meow . i worry too much 
Valete liberi incendite tenebras mundi 
The world of mishaps , misadventures , and miscreations . Yep , thats where i live 
Wishing for a feast followed by eternal sleep . 
Unyielding sickness .. 
Dont have regrets for things you dont have control over 
Time to be fired up . I feel like nothing can intimidate 
It takes a while to let down defenses 
Im gonna make a furry wall . Only need three things 
I fear that time grows short 
See with your heart and mind , not your eyes 
I do not want to move 
To spend years perfecting a single thing ... I wish for such < PROPFEMALE > 
Work , BOO !! Lol 
Everything is starting to piss me off . I feel like staying home forever !!! :( 
Only 2 Days off this week .. Workin hard , prolly wont see much for it . 
Productive day . Got a haircut , all I need is pointy ears and eyebrows and I am Spock lol . 
A ridiculous day at work has left me dreading Christmas week ... Oh well , sweet tips anyway . Staying chipper . :) 
Depressing day so far , no family dinner yet . I now realize that there will be people missing at the table that will be missed from previous holidays and it makes me sad . 
Turkey and pecan pie should be the solution to all problems 
Bored as usual , experiencing loss of interest 
I do not have illusions of grandeur or plans for greatness . I have simple ideas , efficient ones , with more ideas to back them up . I am the realist , give me input and I give logical output . 
Have a knot in my shoulder from working , YAY DAY OFF !! Next one is on thursday , boo ! 
Very salty right now . Its like my feelings dont matter 
Getting ready for work . Day off tomorrow .. So many things to do ... I don't like being productive but I have to lol 
Want peace . The kind you can't find in a dream ........ 
Disappointed right now .. I should be having a good time but very distracted .. I want to be able to focus on what I want .. 
This is the time .. If you know you do , If you don't your loss . So much strength can be found when you least expect it . Be careful though 
I am the walking dead ... Can you hear my death clock going tick ? 
Lessons are learned , knowledge is earned . Wisdom , however , we toil to gain . Nothing that has worth is ever free , we must give something of ours to obtain it . 
I am really freaking out there when I wake up , it's like I'm still stuck in the dream world . Dreaming is still the only way to fly 
I am very confused by what some friends say . I only can really trust what a few people say . Its sad . :( 
Wanted to get out of my car and beat the crap out of a stupid truck driver today .. Unfortunately you cant really do that on the freeway . 
In terrible shape . Want to just explode 
Just slept for 12 hours .. Still groggy .. Had the sweetest dream about flying with dragons .. Don't really want to go out , but I have to go and be productive !!! :) 
Why do bad things happen to good people ?? Exhausted from this terrible day .. 
I feel very disconnected from people . Stuff happens though i guess . I am definitely going to have a party soon .. Hopefully people will come 
Would rather not have to deal with this crap , but I guess it's worth it .... 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > at last , I definitely do not want to go to work .. Today and next Friday will officially be the worst days I will be working .. So let the F'ing craziness begin !! Let's show 2010 who is boss ! lol 
Uber Sadface for the holidays this year . Hope things start to look up after new years 
Have a sprained ankle , and a sprained wrist .. Had to get a freakin tetanus shot because of the gash in my hand .. Boo !! 
meh .. Had an ok birthday .. have to go back to work tomorrow . I wish things could be simple like they used to . Hell what am I saying , things were never simple , lol . 
Angry bout to really lose it , and it won't be good :( 
Boo working like this , lol . AHHH ! Guess I'm ok though . :) 
Had an oh no moment at work today . Feel very sore .. Glad I have some days off 
Meh .. Had an emotional day 
Inadvertantly made chili . Made it with chopped steak , and pepper stir fry , let it simmer for over 12 hours .. Tasted it this morning , and realized it was just like chili !!! Just added some diced tomatoes and chilis and I believe it is the shiznit . The steak is ridiculously tender and just falls apart , lmao . LOVE IT ! 
Very screwed right now 
Just another day ... I wonder how long it would take for people to notice if I disappear , lol jk . 
When you least expect it .. Ninja ATTACK !!! 
It's crazy how sometimes that what you think is just made up actually happens . Sometimes it's good , other times it is terrible . Feeling that way right now , I feel like its better not to know . But then again , if there weren't terrible things that happen , there wouldn't be amazing events either . 
meow .. Looking at a series of mishaps and misadventures . Things could be worse though . 
distraught . So much going on its not funny 
It feels like you are poking my brain with a spoon , just to see what it will do . lol 
Ahh ! so I am working a lot more . been busy . Tired though from it all , lol . 
Busy as hell but still aint gettin nothin done . Lol 
I need phone < PROPFIRST > for my new phone . I have none in mine . Except for my best friends . ( only a few ) Help ! 
