I REALLY HATE when you're @ someone's house and they insist you use paper/plastic cups , plates , silverware , etc . then request that you DO NOT throw them away when you're done so they can wash them and use them again ????? Really ??? This confuses me , so sometimes I like to gather all of them up and pitch em ' . This throws everyone off :) 

Can't wait till summer so I can play outside . 
youngstown is the most disgusting , polluted place i've ever been ..... blahh ... 
looking for a good attorney ..... any ideas < PROPMALE >;) ? 
B-O-R-E-D 
NOTE TO SELF : Always log out .... 
my 1 yr old pitt bull knows everything ...... she's great :) 
“If\ 
all my friends were to jump off a bridge , I wouldn't follow . I'd be at \ 
the bottom to catch them when they fall . ” 
when i board a plane , please dont feel me up and pretend im Arab .... i went through ur metal detectors bitch .... thank you . 
home sweet home ... ughh , melting pot of worthless asshole faces .... doesn't get much more depressing than this ... and if it does , i dont want to know . 
\Contrary to popular misconception 
austintown court ... ken cardinal ... wish me luck , he fuckin hates me . 
went fishing for the first time . caught 3 fish ... and a boot . kinda fun , think im gonna make this a hobby . 
why has it taken me 27 years to figure out that small positive changes make huge differences ? oh well , better late than never i guess . 
A-MAZ-ING ... yup , that pretty much sums it up ;) If the other 364 days in the year were this epic I might not be such a miserable bitch . 
Playtime's over , back to work monday . yay .. starting to forget what money looks like unless it's made out of copper or silver and im not sure , but i think i may have thrown-up my liver this morning . 
6am-wake up --> starbucks --> work :) --> home --> kids --> dinner --> SLEEP --> repeat .... never imagined normalcy could feel so fuckin great :))) 
Sevendust , Chevelle , Shinedown , 10 Years , Puddle of Mud ... Cleveland .. August 9th ... nothing further need be said . 
there are better things in life than alcohol , but alcohol makes up for not having them :) 
Don't dwell in the past , don't dream of the future , concentrate the mind of the present moment . Source : Buddhism 
Ever since my #changed , my phone only rings about 5 times in a 24hr period . Which was fuktabulous for the first week or so but now im bored stupid and find myself shooting a Ninja death stare at the phone pissed off cause it never rings , not that i woul have answered it anyway . 
Going to visit < PROPMALE > in County tomorrow . Kinda exciting , will be my first time entering through the front door and sighning-in voluntarily . 
< PROPMALE > , thank u for reminding me that today is gonna be the longest day of the year .... when i woke up , the day just didnt SUCK enough . Kisses . 
I am NEVER , ever , ever , ever letting my friends hook me up with a dude again . That fuckin blew cock ... first thing in the morning , I am having my # changed yet again just out of the shear terror that i wasnt quite mean enough and u will attempt contact . Until then , im locking the windows and going to bed with a knife . Goodnight . 
It isn't coincidence , it's < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
Leaving dirty-ass Ytown till Monday :) Camping @ Gratefulfest-The ledges . Will be somewhere between sites 36-42 if anyone is stopping out . 
Back to work in about 12hrs :( Until then , < PROPFEMALE > and I are going to watch all 4 seasons of ALF- yes , 102 episodes of brilliant 80's cimematography :) 
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition . - < PROPFIRST > Leary 
“Confront\ 
the dark parts of yourself , and work to banish them with illumination \ 
and forgiveness . Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause\ 
your angels to sing . Use the pain as fuel , as a reminder of your \ 
strength . ” 
The mind is it's own place , and in itself can make a Hell out of Heaven , a Heaven of Hell . - < PROPMALE > 
Patron-pong and my Molly ... anyone can swing by ... email me for directions :) 
<3 Home <3 Goodmorning :) 
Sleeping like a normal person again , no sleepwalking/talking in over 3 1/2 weeks :) Thank you Forum Sleep center :))) 
Never long for anyone from the past . There is a reason why they never made it to your future . 
cookin up some teriyaki-Tofu stir fry and watching the complete 1st season of Lost .... God , it feels good to be home . 
CRIMESTOPPERSGreater YoungstownA homicide from 2006 is the focus of \ 
Crime Stoppers of Greater Youngstown this week : Crime : Shooting death of \ 
< PROPFIRST > McInnis , 28 . Site : Next to 3317 South Ave . Details : Victim was found\ 
lying on his back with a bullet wound to the chest around 1:30 a.m. \ 
Oct . 14 , 2006 . Contact : Call Crime Stoppers collect at ( 330 ) 746-CLUE . Callers do not have to identify themselves . 
Silly Boys . I love being female ... everything is so much easier :) 
Friday night , kids are gone for the weekend which means Fruity Pebbles for dinner then taking the pup to the lake to go swimming for the last time this year :( 
garage + lawn-chairs + Tstorm =) 
i kinda like mikeposner.com ... i know , WTF ? 
#1 biggest pet peeve : I hate , hate , HATE when someone watches a movie and doesn't put it away in the case when it's over . You might as well throw the disk outside on my driveway and let me run it over in the a.m. after u carve your name on it with a < PROPMALE > nail , of course . 
There are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction . ~ Salvador Dali 
\ ..... It's at the corner of get a map and fuck off . \"" 
Lost ... season 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 ... Do you want to save your project before editing ?..... ;) 
One of my patients today told me that I have a \very nice back-side\ " ..... the fact that he was 89 yrs old with end stage dementia is irrelevant . " 
~ An ounce of blood is worth more than a pound of friendship . ~ Spanish Proverb 
... I had it all . Even the glass dishes with < PROPFEMALE > bubbles and imperfections , proof they were crafted by the honest , simple , hard-working indigenous peoples of ... wherever . 
Shutter Island blew ass , now I don't even have anything to anticipate seeing . I truly believe it's time to p/u a hobby . 
Love my new job and everyone I'm working with . Actually kinda excited to go back tomorrow . Things are starting to come together quite well :))) 
I should probably know by now when to < PROPFEMALE > up the phone and make grilled cheese samich-es . 
I <3 RedBox . I'm so sick of wasting $ on Blu-Rays I only watch one time . 
Nothing Gold Can Stay .... 
Lovin ' my day off . Note to self : The United States postal carrier DOES NOT like Pit-bulls .... the Pitt-Bull DOES NOT like the United States postal carrier . 
Tomorrow's Friday ? And pay-day ?.... Uh-Oh ;) 
The weekend starts about ..... Meow . 
is bisexual and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of LGBT youth experience harassment in school , and too many lives have been lost . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/9Zc3V6 . 
UGH .. I loathe the midnight shift . It makes 8 hrs feel like 16 1/2 . Finally back home , kids are in school , time to start < PROPMALE > Season 2 episode 1 .....? I'm sorry , I don't care who u are , that man is delicious . He can bondage me with cellophane and choke the shit outta me anyday ;) 
It's somewhat uncomfortable to be an unwilling witness of a family member's unexplainable postal breakdown .... something tells me my morning coffee/Yoga combo is gonna be alittle awkward . 
Food , shelter , and clothing are easily taken for granted if you never had to experience living without them . Somewhere right now , a mother worries how she will feed her children tonight and a child wonders if he will have a warm place to sleep . As the holidays approach please keep our less fortunate in mind . http://www.cboss.com/rescue/ 
I'm a little exhausted living with someone else's self-destructive behavior . There is a fine line between empathy and apathy . 
Most people hate Mondays ... I heart them very much . It's almost like getting a second < PROPMALE > to change ur fuck-ups . 
I'm getting a feeling that Maddy is a little angry at me today for pulling a double @work . My new Coach bag ( and not a knock-off ) was found chewed , torn , and slobbery right next to her leash and my jogging shoes . Last week , one of my favorite bras was chewed to pieces floating in her water dish .... I think I may have found a bitch more jealous and vindictive than myself . I admire that in a bitch :) 
I just found Nightmare Before Christmas scrubs for work :) Yay . Now I'm super excited to go in to work later . 
\Music was my refuge . I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness . \ " ~ Maya Angelou " 
Headed to Chippers for some beeers ...... well , Patron with a < PROPMALE > chaser :) 
Since I really don't have too much left to lose , I think I'll roll the dice on this one . < PROPFEMALE > will catch up sooner or later ..... good or bad . 
Just watched a documentary on The West Memphis 3 ... scary . I guess the 5th , 6th , and 15th amendments don't apply to cases tried by the Arkansas Grand Jury . 
Anyone can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's true strength . 
You have stolen my heart . One good stretch before a hibernation . -Dashboard Confessional 
I love that m <3 m still makes me soup when im sick , and that in her eyes i can do no wrong . 
Splitting an English Muffin with Maddy . I can really get used to this off-every-weekend thing .... but im bored as fuck . 
Likes random Wikipedia articles .... outta shear boredom . 
ATTN unwanted house guests : Please DO NOT bathe in your colgne . It confuses my dog . That is all . Thank you for your time and consideration . 
Ewww . Swallowed a gnat on my 6pm jog . Back to basic breathing technique 101 : In through the nose - Out through the mouth :) 
I HATE shoe shopping . One of my feet is a size bigger than the other . So , I buy an 8 and a 9 of the same shoe , then switch em and return the miss-matched pair a week later . I think subconsciously it's just an excuse to return to the mall :) 
\The\ 
Dear Limewire , I miss u very much . You'll always have a special place in my heart .. and my ipod . 
Keep smiling , it makes people wonder what you've been up to :) 
I do believe it's time to cash in vaca days . Booked my flight for St. Louis with a Chicago layover , Lafayette , then NEW ORLEANS ..... beads : I will bring back plenty ;) 
Sore :( 
Keepin it classy and trashy since 1982 . 
My Gram told me today that it sounds like I'm getting a cold . Her suggestion : 3 tbls turpentine , 1 tbls sugar , mix well and swallow . I asked her if it would be acceptable to smoke a cigarette directly afterwards ... she didn't think that was too cute . 
When it rains , it really fuckin pours . FML 
If I didn't have kids I think I would live off of cereal . Not any particular kind , just cereal in general . Could even be a cereal bar . Really , you just can't go wrong with any product that has the word cereal in it . 
Every year it's the same thing with this damn xmas tree . Put it up . Take\ 
it down . I don't have time for all this futile shit . So this year I'm \ 
gonna teach my kids the importance of \diversity . \ " We will be combining \ 
“He who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man . ” ~ Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas 
He told me I'm an Evil Lioness -What does that even F*%cking mean !! Pffft ... tad bit dramatic if u ask me . 
Vente Vanilla Iced Latte with a splash of funshine and a side of Adderall please . 
ugh . 13 hrs till open cavities and air-borne bacteria ... Yum .... these are the moments I live for . 
Everytime I go to Smoker Friendy the same old women is working . She's always standing in the same spot with the same demeanor and miserable ass look on her face . She's one of those \hands free 50 yr veteran smokers\ " with the rough voice and a < PROPFEMALE > 100 hangin out the corner of her mouth with a 2 inch ash . So gross . " 
I want a snow day :( 
\A women is like a tea bag . You never know how strong she is until she gets into hot water . \ " ~ Eleanor < PROPMALE > " 
Fun-Dip should come with more than 2 < PROPFEMALE > sticks .... 
That nice young man @ the check-out counter just assured me that I helped save a tree by not needing a plastic bag for my 1 item . Hmm ... Epic Fail for a conversation starter ... 
Bought < PROPFEMALE > a 64GB iPad for xmas . Of course I had to open it up and check it out as soon as I got home , I just figured I would play with it for a couple hours . That was a week ago , I can't bring myself to put it back in the box and wrap it . I LOVE it !! I'm tempted to keep it for myself but she's such a good kid and really deserves it , I'd feel way too guilty . 
Ready for a vacation in a much warmer climate . This snow is BullS**t :( 
I'm playing hookey ;) 
Warm and cozy . Snuggled up with Maddy in bed watching a movie , going to try and stay up for the Eclipse . Doesn't get much better than this ... which means I'm either getting REALLY old or my life just Really sucks ....? 
I heart that I can text and e-mail my kids a list of chores and expectations for the following day . Sometimes I even like to mess with < PROPFEMALE > in the morning by carrying-out our entire Breakfast conversation via text while sitting side-by-side @ the kitchen table . I can't believe our parents raised us w/o this technology . 
War , Racism , Sexism , Genocide , Suicide , Homicide , Violence , Rage , Anger ... Out of all Earth's species Human's are by far the worst :( 
And again .......... 
It was brought to my attention today that < PROPFIRST > has an entourage of lil girls that do certain things for him @ Pre-school such as bring him his coat and bookbag from his cubby and wiping his cubby out for him before he leaves .... I'm APPALLED !... I have no idea where he may have learned this behavior .... ;) 
Nothing is ever as perfect as it may appear . We ALL have some skeletons in our closet . 
Finally found Slipknot wrapping paper with skull and cross-bone bows for < PROPFEMALE>'s presents . I want to say it looks adorable but adorable and Slipknot really shouldn't be used in the same sentence . Either way , she's gonna be stoked :) 
Looking for a good realtor showing houses in the Pittsburg , Akron , < PROPMALE > , or < PROPMALE > areas . Already financed through GMAC . Any suggestions please let me know . 
Ahhhh ..... xmas at Gram's house . There won't be a sober person in the house by 4:30 and I'm predicting a belligerent Gin Rummy tournament on the horizon . So many great childhood memories ... who wouldn't love xmas @ the < PROPFIRST > house ? 
I got Egyptian Silk sheets for xmas .... not only is it a shame but also really sad that it's just me and Maddy pups sleeping on them .... WTF . 
Don't waste your time on someone who doesn't waste their time on you . 
Just woke up FREEZING . I can see my breath as I'm lying here . I wanna know who the jack-ass was who left both of my bedroom windows open :/ This is a really bad way to start the day ...... someone's gonna be drinkin Bitch juice all day ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > vs . The Sink : I can do this w/o a man . I bought a \P\ " drain and a 6in . straight .... I can do this :) " 
Kinda like finding a 10 dollar < PROPMALE > in the lint catcher at the laundry-mat .... uh huh ... like that :) 
I have been waking up at 2:30 every night for the last 3 nights . I HATE this ! I have to be up at 5 so by the time I fall back to sleep it's time to get up :( Oh well , warm and cozy for now , watching some kind of bigdiculous movie on hulu ... 
\No fear . No distractions . The ability to let that which does not matter truly slide . \ " ~ Fight Club " 
I <3 Talking < PROPMALE > . 
UGHHHH ... it's 5 a.m. again ... WTF .... I was having one of those dreams where I was just about to fall .... u know , the one where u almost hit rock bottom .... 
Yes , I'm impressed with your new GPS .. pretty sik new toy huh ? I'm also impressed by how quick u entered the coordinates to a location you've been to 1000 times then proceeded to take your own route anyway . But hell yeah ... that's bad ass . 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can ... leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy .... That's no fun !! 
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster . And if you gaze long into an abyss , the abyss gazes also into you . ~ Friedrich Nietzsche 
You know your parenting skills are superb when your 5 yr old son can take any flexible elongated object and create a half-pipe for his Ninja Turtle to do a Kick-Flip off of . 
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around ~ Leo Buscalglia 
WTF . It's 2:30 and I'm awake again . This has happened every night for the last couple weeks . I've tried Ambien and other sedative hypnotics but they seem to make me a somnambulist and not only is that weird but dangerous considering I have stairs in my house . FML to hell . 
Starting to fall off course a little bit . Time to slow shit wayyy down and pay attention to the direction I'm heading in . 
It just occurred to me that for a quick second this morning I realized we were out of < PROPFEMALE > Grahms and considered putting < PROPFEMALE > and cinnamon over whole wheat saltine crackers and milk . I have to admit , even I'm a little concerned about this one ...... 
Two roads diverged in a wood , and I -- \ 
I took the one less traveled by , \ 
And that has made all the difference . \ 
~ Robert Frost ~ The Road Not Taken 
Ugh . Guess I'll be staying home with the flu tomorrow ..... and watching Troma movies all day with Maddy . 
Yesterday < PROPFIRST > told me he can't wait to grow up so he can stay up late and play Black Ops with mommy and daddy . Then this morning after he got dressed he stuck his hand down his pants and told me that his junk isn't in the right place and he better move it to the other side before he got to preschool . I swear that kid makes me a little bit prouder everyday :) 
best gif < PROPFEMALE > ! 
mmmmm ..... Rum and orange juice . Breakfast of champions . 
It's been a rough 24 hours . I think it's time for bed ..... I'm getting way too old for this mess . 
I haven't did the 5 a.m. drunkin < PROPFIRST>'s breakfast thing in 5 years since I was able to financially upgrade to Perkins .... now I remember why . Furthermore , I don't have a clue what it is that I'm eating so I have no idea what condiments to use accordingly . But the bitch brought ketchup and syrup , u really can't go wrong with either one . 
So many things I would do different if I could do it all over . 
No rest for the wicked :( Just wanna sleep for a couple hours before I go to hell . 
My house is obscenely quiet right now and this may be the most comfortable I've been in years ...... I'm debating on a personal day . 
Grrr . Lost my glasses again . Also , I hate , hate , HATE people that 1 ) Chew their food with exaggerated audible commentary . 2 ) Chew with their mouth's open . 3 ) Suck their teeth before , during , and after each bite . You all are gross and noone will ever want to be your lunch < PROPMALE > . That is all . 
I have a different one for every day of the week Patrone ;) 
I'm tired of being the fun-loving , easy going optimist everyday in a negative work place occupied by 93.2% grade-A ass clowns . I've decided prior to clocking in that I'm going to be a mouthy , aggressive Bitch today that I know in my heart I was truly meant to be . 
I used to <3 being a nurse until I slowly started to realize < PROPMALE > corporate execs . hold profit higher in priority than acts of humanity . If I hadn't invested thousands of $ in education along with the last 9 years of my life , a career change would be necessary . * Frowny Face * 
Fuk it . It's been a bigdiculously horrible day . Time for some Tromeo and < PROPFEMALE > and maybe some Poultrygeist . I <3 Tromaville . 
It's been 5+ yrs since I've lived with someone and slept in the same bed with someone every night . Yet I still go to bed ( and sleep ) only on the right side of the bed . \My side . \ " It suks to realize that even though ur overall life with someone was dreadfully miserable there will always be some small meaningful things that are impossible to let go of . Goodnight . " 
Smile when she makes you happy , let her know when she makes you mad , and miss her when she's not there . ~ Bob Marley 
BBQ ribs and french fries for dinner . Yum . 
Can't sleep :( 
Goodmorning :) Why is it that I always hear about the bitch that lost her life while driving and talking on a cell BUT I don't hear about the millions of people who's lives have been saved by not having to change CD's anymore ? 
Another day done and not a damn thing accomplished :/ Oh well , there's always tomorrow I Guess . 
I want a Cookie-dough and Toffee Blizzard from DQ ..... MMMMMMM . 
Silly Boys . \ 
Some of them just never learn .... very much comparable to a dog that gets beat but always returns for more degradation . Being female might be one of the best advantages one can have in a lifetime . Just sayin . ;p 
Looks like I'll be staying awake the next 24hrs again . FML . 
I <3 my Dog . 
I HATE snow but my yard is shiny right now and it's kinda beautiful . 
I hate snow . 
I have cabin fever and the only prescription is that I need more COWBELL . 
Grocery shopping and a billion other things to do today but it's wayyy tooo cold . I think I'll just stay in my jammies all day , drink Rum and Coke , and hope I don't pass out before the Super Bowl Commercials start ;) 
I lost my phone somewhere in the house and it is on silent . FML . 
I'm a little disappointed that I'm not getting some kind of smart ass commentary feed from < PROPFIRST > garcia 
Headache and Hungover . Haven't had one in so long I don't know what I'm supposed to do to make it go away . I can't wait to see my bed . :( 
Hot Turkey Sausage with red peppers , onions , and collard greens with < PROPFEMALE > oil and garlic cream sauce ...... oh hell yeah , I'm hungover !! ;) 
I <3 my Library . 
Watching Finding Nemo with lil B . I think Dory is my favorite Disney/Pixar character .... so funny <3 
I'm teaching Maddy to kill spiders . 
< PROPFIRST > watched Ghostbusters for the first time and does not think that the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man is as bad-ass as I made him sound all these years . Pftt . I may have over-sold it a little bit but back in the day he didn't seem all that lame :/ 
Is enjoying every second of the moment right now and wondering why I don't slow down to enjoy the view more often . 
Doing big things today ;D \ 
And it feels GREAT ! 
When I eat a Tootsie Pop I still look for the Indian shooting a < PROPFEMALE > with a Bow and Arrow on the wrapper :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is listening to ICP on Pandora . FAIL . 
Bought < PROPFIRST>'s pre-school teachers a < PROPMALE > Bear and Organic Chocolates for < PROPFIRST>'s Day but Lil B says \No way .... I'm not giving that to those girls ! \ " He's really shy like his mom ;) " 
It sounds really < PROPFEMALE > outside . I already pressed snooze two times . Grrrr . I'm warm and I wanna stay in bed .... I need to hurry up and get to work so I can find someone to yell at . 
A craft is learned by emulation : watching a master perform and then imitating that person . A profession is learned from first principles so that when things change , the professional understands the changes and adjusts techniques to fit . ~ Philip Meyer 
< PROPFEMALE > has alot of Emo friends and there's a couple that I can't tell if they're male or female because of the whole swoopy hair thing and eyeliner for miles :/ Having a name like < PROPFIRST > isn't helping much either ..... God , I'm getting old . 
It should be this nice out everyday . Me and Maddy are going to take our first 2011 hike . :)))) 
I need to start making a habit of acknowledging the many blessings in my life instead of dwelling on things I can't change or what I don't have . 
I'm a passenger on cloud 9 . 
If you want to log your weekly estimated carb intake , there's an App for that . And because of the F*ckin geniuses @ Apple I now can indulge on a guilt free slab of bloody red meat and a frosty glass of Guinness to end the work week . 
Blueberry <3 
I need opinions . How many chances should you give your dude ( or chic ) to f*ck up before it's considered being taken advantage of , or in simpler terms getting \played \"?" 
In love , it is better to know and be disappointed , than to not know and always wonder . ~ C.S. < PROPFIRST > 
Snuggled up . Comfy . Cozy . Content . 
Banged up my knee pretty bad . Arthroscopy in 2 weeks . Until then , no work and I get to combine Percocet and wine ?!?! Don't mind if I do ...... 
I can't stand selfish , greedy people who don't think twice about taking advantage of another's misfortune for personal gain . I rarely get angry and few people have heard me raise my voice . But I have no problem calling someone out at the most awkward of times on this particular flaw and I can twist words that will be far more painful than any knife in ur back . * Grrrr * 
Never introduce your Professional life to your personal life . Keep them as far apart as possible ......... 
I'll pay someone to take Maddy to the Vet for me ........ \ 
* Disclaimer* ~ This is not a solicitation in any way . Monetary contributions are strictly \donations \"" 
Maddy has seizure-like tremors and dilated pupils from excitement when I come home from work . I also find multiple various \gifts\ " on my pillow such as chewed bones and her puppy blanket .... if that isn't <3 then I don't know what is ... " 
I REALLY DISLIKE my daughter's step-mom . I don't advocate violence in any way , but I sure wish I could curb stomp that raggedy B*TCH and not get in trouble .... 
Time for < PROPFEMALE > and I to take a trip to Casals de Spa . Definately time to get my hair back to blonde with low-lights . < PROPFEMALE>'s getting high-lights . Nails for both of us , of course . We're celebrating my graduation from Driver's < PROPMALE > . yesterday . I should have just waited and me and < PROPFEMALE > could have just taken it together next year . lol . 
@ < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret in the Southern Park Mall . Huge sale 50%-75% off all kinds of cute shit . Packed but well worth the wait :) 
UGH . Working midnights tonight . Texts are welcomed since I'm going to be doing NOTHING . 
Only a couple days till I'm a valid Ohio driver . Getting bored with my income , time to start classes @ < PROPMALE > again . Not an excuse to party ;) 
Have been growing Lil B's hair out for his 1st Mohawk and Gma Atwell cut his hair behind my back today . :/ 
Midnights again . Blah . Taking Slaughter house 5 to read and hopefully kill some time :/ \ 
Raechel , I inboxed u my digits .... text if ur around ;) 
\Procrastination is the fear of success . \ " ~ From my fortune cookie last night with take-out . Lucky < PROPFIRST > : 42-1-26-03-19-11-57 <3 " 
Life's GOOD but I'm so nervous I may need an emesis basin . I still don't know how to parallel park . But I'm kinda hoping since I'm a Girl they may let me hit a cone , or 2 ..... I haven't drove in close to 5 yrs :/ REALLY bad accident ;( Whatever , wish me luck :) 
Furniture shopping today . Hopefully moving soon ;) 
Just opened a can of Pears time to watch Kill < PROPMALE > and relax :) 
Today's the day . With a little help from the great guys in our IT Department and the use of a web cam I never was aware of on my computer @ work I'll be finding out who keeps taking my Pimp-Ass Pens and sugar-free Pina Colada LifeSavers from my desk . Oh , you're Damn right it's on now :/ 
Taking your socks off after you get in bed may be one of the best tactile stimuli ever known to man . There are few things I look forward to more than that :) 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > :( 
Another wonderful Saturday shopping with < PROPFEMALE > :D 
I want to make someone smile today :) 
Yawn . 
The 5 Hour Energy Drink doesn't really give you 5 hours of anything .... just sayin ' 
