I feel a whole lot lighter this year , like something was lifted off of my shoulders . Maybe its just all in my head !?! 

i'm so gassy 
I was super mommy today ! I cooked , cleaned , did laundry and braided my lil girls hair and this time i didn't get any 2nd degree burns while cooking ! 
Algebra class is getting tougher . I knew I shoud have taken a nap today . now I can't focus in class . i hope i don't ruin my GPA 
Yay !!!! i finally got my cable and internet turned back on . WOOT WOOT ! 
enjoying my lunch break on my bosses computer , hope i dont get caught . N E wayz whats everyones plan for New Year's < PROPFEMALE > ? I need somewhere to go 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! *~* muah *~* ( had to get out my system ) 
This was one tough year ! i am happy and fortunate to see that everyone i know and love make it through and i pray that we all make it through another year . sn : im getting so emotional right now 
Who got a new years < PROPFEMALE > kiss !?! 
Red 
you can easily judge the character of people by how they treat those who can do nothing for them 
empty heads have long tongues 
the reason people blame things on others is that there is only one other choice 
the hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which bridge to burn 
Its ladies night tonight ! where my bitches at tonight ! 
just got home from a long weekend in the M.I.A. had a great time . now i have to catch up on home work and school work 
true friends stab you in the front 
bored and bloated ! lol 
Just looked through my high school year book . All i have to say is , OH lawd jesus ! lmao 
I need help ! I don't know how to make a resume . 
headed to the beach !! 
what an amazing day with family and friends at the beach !!! the day couldn't have been more perfect . 
i logged onto FB to do something but i forgot what i was going to do 
If you want to test a mans character , give him power 
Write the bad things that are done to you in sand but the good things that happen to you in marble 
i have such a bad headache , going to bed 
It's really hard for me to accept the fact that men will just be men so keep it movin . 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOMS AND MOTHERS-TO-BE !!!!!!!! 
If you don't like something , change it . If you can't change it , change your atittude . Don't complain . 
people don't change , they alter . 
i like it on the kitchen table 
Free kittens to a good home !!!!! 
I LOVES MUSIC !!!! 
OK I THINK IM DONE WITH THE VIDEOS 
I'd like to give a shout out to the one thing thats always there to get me out of a bad vibe .......................... MUSIC !!! 
WOMEN LIE , MEN LIE 
Baby showers are great ! I won the who can dress the baby the fastest game WOOT WOOT ! 
I'm so bored that i could poke myself in the eye repeatedly . How bored can you get ??? 
I love my daughter soooo much . the things that she says and do surprises me so much . its incredible how much she knows at 2yrs old ! 
I just found 2 spoons buried in the sofa while looking for the remote , lol .... kids 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > 
It's hard being < PROPFEMALE > 
YEAH < PROPMALE > !! BronBron and D . wade , the Heat is made ! But i dont know who this < PROPFIRST > person is !?! 
C.R.E.A.M. $$$ 
...... Dueces ....... 
( singing ) he's got ... hiiiigh hopes ... he's got ... hiiigh hopes ... he's got hiiigh apple piiie in the skyyyy hopes ... 
Show me the money ! 
imma dude ... he's a dude ... she's a dude ... we're all dudes yaaa ..... 8-p 
ugh ... i need a vacation from life 
A woman's Life is love , A man's love is life . \ 
-lil brother ( taken from fatigue's < PROPFEMALE > ) 
ain't no shame in my game 
Its never people that hurt people , its people's expectations that hurt them , but that doesn't mean you have to expect less , it means you just gotta expect people to be people . -lyfe jennings 
Can i get that dro , can i get remy , can i get that coke , can i get that henny ......... 
After all is said and done , a lot is more usually said than done . lol . 
Good judgement comes from experience , experience comes from bad judgement . True true ! 
the person who says it can't be done shouldn't interrupt the person who's doing it ! LOL clever . 
what the hec is a kik and can metro users use it ? 
Wacka flaka is < PROPFEMALE > deep and poetic , I LUD HIM ! 
Ren and stimpy ( random thought of the day ) lol 
everyone has a photographic memory . some just don't have any film ;-) ..... in other words ..... lol 
i need a texty 
circle belly ( insider ) LMAO 
pray for me ..... physics final today ! 
seriously , the ONLY goal you can achieve without any effort is FAILURE ! 
she get it from her momma ... 
Word of the day : Pudendum 
club vs house party ....? 
staying up with my big head to watch the lunar eclipse tonight 
FELIZ NAVIDAD !!!!!! 
I think i went over the 6 lbs limit i allowed myself to gain this holiday 
They got money for war but no money to feed the poor -tupac 
Seriouly ! driving is bad for my health ... i know i must get high blood pressure or something 
Rumor mill : facebook shutting down for good march 14 !?!...... 
Changes are good for you ....... but dollar bills are better ! LOL 
Real friends last forever . It doesn't matter how often you talk , as long as you can pick up where you left off . 
FINALLY !!!! :-) 
Is anyone watching < PROPFEMALE > minaj on SNL ? 
NEED . MORE . WINE . 
Don't go knocking on death's door . Just ring the < PROPFEMALE > and run . he hates that LOL 
??????????????? ?? ?? ?????????????? \ 
? If you have an amazing Sister , put this as your status !! ? \ 
??????????????? ?? ?? ?????????????? 
So my daughter decides the only way she'll eat her soup is by dipping her care bear in it and then sucking it off lol 
So im on the road at a red light and the ice cream truck guy next to my car just leans out and starts vomiting like crazy ! 
Having feelings or Caring about someone is very different from actually loving someone 
Its amazing how much one can change for the worst when their soul is deprived of what is a large part of it . In turn you lose a large part of who you use to be ! 
good times last night ! sn : mad headache 
some people never grow up 
I really need to be cheered up right now :-( 
I haven't seen any spiders lately .... I wonder what they're planning ??? 
