is thinking of shopping for shoes ... online ! has anyone actually bought shoes online ? been happy with the purchase ? 

just started the day by slapping a mosquito . not the most auspicious start to the day . or maybe it is . i guess it depends on your point of view . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes , and the virtual sweets ! It's been a great day , from church at Lodi Lake to picking apricots warm from the sun . 
is having a hard time keeping track of little things , like my water bottle and sunglasses . especially now that my small person likes to use both of them ! 
is very grateful that Dad planted peach trees that ripen at different times . That way , we have peaches half the summer ! Yum ! 
enjoyed having the < PROPMALE > to see so many friends last night . 
brought watermelon for my parents , and got peaches , grapes , tomatoes and brownies in exchange . I'm hoping for eggplant next week . And I haven't even pulled any weeds this year ! 
My reward for staying up this late is to see the < PROPFEMALE > setting ; tonight it looks like an orange segment 
is looking for quick , family-friendly alternatives to white rice . 
resolves that Wednesday will be the day to phone/write/email the friends she often thinks of , but seldom speaks to . 
is chilly here at work ! 
is at work , already missing my small sweetheart . 
I'm catching up around the house so that I can enjoy the rest of the weekend ! 
is thankful for friends , family , and safe travels . 
is thankful for the space heater at the reference desk ! The real heat won't come until tomorrow or Tuesday , but the computer controlling the HVAC thinks it's already here ... 
Goodbye summer ( I'll miss you ... ) , and welcome Fall ! May this new season bring good things to us all . 
Just got my daily dose of calcium in the form of cheesecake ! I'll balance it out with extra veggies later . 
Is thankful for our reading chair . It's great for bedtime stories , makes small people tall enough to see out the window , and is even conducive to sleeping . 
wishes \The Witch's Catalog\ " ( one of my first grade favorites ) was real . I could really use a clone and a magic drink faucet right about now . " 
is grateful for having a laptop at work . It's allowed me to work outdoors , enjoying the late afternoon sun . 
is pondering how to travel to < PROPMALE > on Friday . By car ? By public transit ? A combination of the two ? 
I'm trying to remain motivated for the rest of the day , and trying to remember my new outlook : more exercise and fewer sweets ! 
I'm looking forward to my in-laws visit this weekend . 
Giving thanks for my washer and dryer as Monday once again becomes laundry day ! 
Hope everyone had a good Thanksgiving , and found at least one thing to be thankful for ! 
loves waking up before the alarm goes off . Today I woke up early ( 5:15 ) for no particular reason . 
cannot believe the year is going by so fast ! 
Thinks her coffee grinder may have gotten wet . Instead of grinding coffee beans , it's making a pitiful humming sound . Anyone have recommendations ? 
Today a student actually thanked me for not shushing her study group that had been working near the reference desk . I'm not sure how to take that . Do I look like the shushing type ? 
is remembering to take time today to < PROPFEMALE > at the turning of the seasons ... and then back to work ! 
Does anyone get presents on each day of Christmas , as in \the twelve days of christmas\ " ? I know at least one child who'd like to see the custom revived . " 
It's the 12th day of Christmas , and I'm just now in the holiday spirit . Hopefully the good cheer will stick around , and brighten the post-holiday days . 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . I pray for the cure of cancer . ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you ? ) 
My dad is in the waiting room at the ER . Please send prayers/good wishes for him and the folks staffing the busy ER tonight . 
is hoping her Dad is able to rest in the hospital . I used to think hospitals were quiet , but now find that they are often anything but quiet ! 
Thanks for all the prayers and good wishes for my Dad . He finally has a diagnosis , and can begin treatment . He'll likely be released from the hospital soon ! 
is crossing her fingers that she didn't/doesn't get whatever her boy had . So far , I've gotten everything that's not limited to the under-3 crowd , but there's a first time for everything , right ? 
It seems that I must continue to share my son's experiences , especially his illnesses . Fun times ! 
is thinking of food . Specifically , I'm thinking that salsa should be considered a food , not just a condiment . Also , peanut M&Ms might possibly be a food group unto themselves . 
Heading to the hospital to wait while Dad has a small surgery . Please keep him and the surgical team in your prayers . 
Thanks to everyone for all the prayers and well wishes ! As it turns out , Dad had a prudent surgeon who decided * not * to operate after all -- a big relief , since his recuperation already promises to be lengthy . 
No matter how much time you have with those you love , it's never quite enough ! I'm learning how to say goodbye to my Dad ... 
A kind soul has left us ! My Dad died Sunday , bringing a close to a loving , well-lived life . 
Dad's memorial service will be held on Saturday 13 Feb , 11:00 am , at Calvary Lutheran Church in < PROPMALE > , CA . The same church where he married my mom ! 
With help from my family ( and some beautiful < PROPFEMALE > weather ) I've started to make good on a promise and tend my parents ' orchard . 
My boy is refusing to sleep -- \I do not want to sleep . I mad ! \ " Will a lack of sleep make him an antisocial curmudgeon ? " 
Watching ice dancing , I'm reminded that I seldom listen to Indian music anymore . Time to dig out my recordings ! 
thinks it's neat that the wind is making its presence felt even indoors , as it occasionally interferes with the television picture . 
I'm thankful to whoever it was that turned my reading glasses in to the lost & found . Nice way to end the work week ! 
I had hoped for a quiet Tuesday , but it looks like I'll be getting a productive one instead . In the spirit of Goldilocks , here's wishing you all a day that's just right ! 
Tonight we watched the movie version of The Boy in the Striped Pajamas . I found it haunting , even though the storyline was predictable . Oddly , it reminded me of < PROPFIRST > Friel's plays Dancing at Lughnasa and Translations . 
Thinking about preschool . Is 2 1/2 too young to start ? Why or why not ? What do you think ? 
Over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in California . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your facebook status . We are willing to post colors of our underwear , and places we were born . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our lives ! In the comments name a teacher who has impacted you 
Tonight I managed to cut myself with the back of a knife yet again . I love that our gift from Auntie < PROPFEMALE > is still as sharp as ever . 
hopes each of you had a good weekend . 
I took my grocery list with me to my conference today , so I could shop on the way home . Unfortunately , I forgot one key ingredient for my mom's cake . So much for trying to be super organized ! 
WorldCat.org, the website for a worldwide library catalog , appears to be down . I never thought I'd see that happen ! 
Around town this morning , I saw a couple people mowing lawn in the rain . Would you do that ? I wouldn't , but that's the way I was taught . 
In the last hour , I've assisted folks with Chinese history , thesis binding , international treaties , and bomb threats . Never a dull moment ! 
Looking forward to the weekend , and the < PROPMALE > to visit with friends again . 
Missing home already , and I just got here ! 
Now I feel old ! A convenience store owner just pegged my as a librarian and a Californian . Is it that obvious ? 
enjoyed visiting New Orleans , but was really happy to come home again . Most things are more fun when they're shared with family or friends . 
Sometimes the FB advertisements are just odd . Like this one , that encouraged me to explore an online degree -- \MA Worship Studies in Ethnomusicology . Study \ 
Tonight's projects : restock our refrigerator with veggies , and restore order to the household ( at least a significant part ) with the help of my vacuumer extraordinaire ! 
Naptime is almost over for today , and with it , my computer time . Have a good rest of the day ! 
Welcome summer ! May this season bring good things to each of you . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . They made my day ! 
Calling it a night , and hoping that the Dodgers can hold on to their lead . I hope at least part of the SF-LA series will be televised on broadcast TV . 
Mozart's Magic Cube is back in the toy rotation . I'm surprised , but glad that my boy can dance himself silly to \non piu andrai \"." 
Tonight's response to unseasonably cool weather ? Cupcakes and peach pie . 
saw < PROPFIRST > Galway play last night . Really fun ! Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Pillsbury for making it happen ! 
Grapes on the vine may be able to survive freezing temps , but evidently not happy California cows in search of a snack . 
Forget brownies . . . I just finished baking some pint-sized shoes ! Now they are dry and ready to meet more puddles tomorrow . :-) 
I can't believe that my boy is three already ! 
Thinking of Dad today . It's going to take a few years before I think \football\ " when someone mentions the word \ " Super Bowl \"." 
is saddend to learn that < PROPFEMALE > Parks has died . She was an inspiring person long before she became ill . 
I just peeked outside , and saw stars twinkling brightly before moonrise . No rain or snow ... but still a lovely sight . 
The recycling bin is full of trash again ! I'm beginning to think that someone strews garbage through it on purpose , as if to dismiss even the easiest , most minimal efforts to reduce waste , etc . 
