when will people realize that things are still funny even after years have past .... to nikki ... you're still a < PROPMALE > lick 

what the hell ... i dont know where my convo's went ... 
Miss Madilynn is a gold fish for halloween !!! 
bored ... actually really fucking bored ... being in the poconos sucks 
been up since 4 .. thank you madilynn 
home .. pshhh 
home from the poconos , catching up on some on my shit ... getting ready to go out with the girls tomorrow ( much needed !! ) 
finally done with all my shit , getting ready to go out 
i'm bored can't you tell ?! 
my mom's getting married today !!! welcome to the family < PROPFIRST > !!! 
hanging at my moms for the holiday ... madilynn's first christmas pics tomorrow !!! 
madilynn's x-mas pics at 1 ... this should be fun cause she's such a grump today !!! 
pictures went well , she smiled everytime and then on the way home she was sooo tired that everytime i looked at her she cried ... so i won the war but lost the battle 
It's Miss Madilynn's first thanksgiving !!! Happy thanksgiving everyone !! 
going back home today 
spending the weekend with mom and pat .. it's madilynn's first christmas !!!! 
blah blah blah ... i have no idea what i'm going to do today ... nothing really to do .. except taxes ... i suppose i could do that today ... kinda talking to myself outloud 
seeing pictures of my beautiful jellybean always makes me smile !! 
getting ready to watch the super bowl .. the colts are going to win !! 
boo the colts lost 
dashboard confessional = love 
happy valentines day ... being sick is gay 
visiting my mama , then going home and crashing 
Madi's at grandmas for the night ... going out .. FINALY !!!! 
cleaning , showering then going to get madi 
workin out , showering then taking miss madilynn to the doctors ... she's sick :( 
really sick and tired of people getting on my case for nothing .. I seriously can't take much more of this . stupid fucking people ... go fuck yourselves 
my madilynn's 8 months old today !!! love you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
just hanging at home , taking a break 
ok so say you spend 95% of your day away from your daughter . would'nt you want to come home and spend time with her ? well apparently not . go figure . 
it's going to be 55 degrees out today ! I'm taking my jellybean for a walk later ! 
Life is knocking and I'm finally answering the door . 
madi and i are visiting grams for easter 
it's Madilynn's first easter !!! happy easter everyone 
tool academy is over ... now what am i going to watch ?! 
after two months my computer's finally fixed !!! 
grabbing a shower then taking madi to the boardwalk .. what a beautiful day !! 
rain ALL day ... just staying in and playing with madilynn 
80's today and 90's tomorrow . what a beautiful weekend ! 
taking madi to the beach today ! 
getting fucked over in zoo world ... 
going back to the boardwalk 
working out , getting ready , going to the doctors and then going to see if i can get my butt back into college 
yeah so i guess i'm having surgery 
hanging out at home ... so tired 
not feeling so good today .. just relaxing 
i'm getting my surgery on june 18th ... i wish i didn't have to wait so long 
going to my mama's tomorrow for the weekend , can't wait !!! 
feeling indifferent about things today ... guess i'm over it 
Happy mothers day to me !!! Happy mothers day to everyone else !! 
when will people stop thinking i'm stupid and that i wont find out the bullshit they're pulling behind my back ? c'mon people it's time to wise up . 
my beautiful and oh so smart daughter said \ma\ " for the first time today !!! i'm so happy and proud of her !!! " 
\I don't want to be alone\ 
we're about to get one hell of a storm !!! 
getting ready then taking madilynn to her grandma's house for the night . Then it's date night !!! 
doing date night at home 
rain ALL day , just hanging inside with madilynn 
madilynn is sick , but surprisingly she's in a good mood . she's got a fever of 103 :( 
84 degrees .. anyone up for a day at the beach ? 
it's a beautiful day , just spending it with the family ! 
i'm losing my mother fucking mind ... 
ughhh and it starts already !!!.... 
if i had a dollar for every brain you didn't have , i'd have one dollar !!! -gotta love what you can learn from watching spongebob with your daughter !! 
i guess the beautiful weather is taking a vaca this morning 
sooo looking forward to going to my mama's tomorrow ... desperately need it 
what a nice day ... going to try to put madilynn in the pool for the first time sometime this weekend 
oh miss madilynn you make you laugh ! who ever thought a baby would be afraid of the grass !!! 
home from my mama's ... got a busy day tomorrow ... going to bed ! 
another brutally hot day ... why can't it be 75 with a little breeze ? now that's a perfect day ! 
épuisé , < PROPFEMALE > demain d'espoir est mieux qu'aujourd'hui était 
it's such a beautiful day ! 
ugh i have no idea what i did during sleep but it feels like my legs were trampled by a stampede ... sooo uncomfortable 
waiting for < PROPMALE > to get done working then hopefully going to the shore 
madilynn's b-day was yesturday , party today .. getting ready ! 
so i was checking my email and all the sudden i get this chat message from someone i don't know asking me what my stats were . all i could think about was when aol first came out and random people would ask you a/s/l ... it's like get a life and stop being so creepy that was like 15 years ago ! 
can't i go to the shore one time this summer without seeing anyone from the jersey shore ? well apparently not ... stupid snooki and the infection ... get lives and go home !!! 
the holiday weekend is upon us so remember ladies , just because you can wear something , doesn't mean you should !!! 
madi's at grandmas for the night , getting ready to go to a cook out ! 
the weather was beautiful today .. simply perfect 
bills , bills , bills ... all they make me want to do is rip my hair out :( 
what a gorgeous day 
we should all take a sec out of our selfish lives and remember those that lost their's in 9/11 ... always remember 
i watched the vma's last night and i just have to say that mtv sucks ... the show was awful , the host was awful .. mtv what happened to you ? 
I am now a productive member of society 
go steelers , 2-0 !!!! 
how can you have a bad day when it's so beautiful out ? 
i feel like crap and can't sleep :( 
today is going to be fun ... couldn't fall asleep until after 3:30 :( 
mmmm tacos !! then bed ... work at 3am 
A 13 year old boy in Texas shot himself in the head after years of bullying and torment for being gay . < PROPMALE > Walsh , also 13 , < PROPMALE > himself from a backyard tree . Tyler Clementi , 18 & a freshman at Rutgers , jumped off the GW Bridge - his roommate broadcasted video of < PROPFIRST > with another guy . Today , I STAND UP TO THOSE BULLIES ... in their honor .. If you care to STAND UP with me , please post this as your status 
i cut myself pretty good at work this morning . had to go to the hospital and get 3 stitches .. off for the next two days 
worked 2am-8am .. ready for my nap 
sometimes love is overrated 
i think it's time to change up my hair . i'm getting sick of it ... anyone have any ideas ? 
i experienced my first catty day at work ... way to be adults everyone 
running on 3 hours of sleep since 1am ... sooo looking forward to bed 
only six pounds to go and i'll be back to my pre-pregnancy weight !!! i'm sooo excited , it took a while but it's almost here !!! 
go roethlessberger !!! steelers 4-1 !!! 
been up since 11:30 ... exhausted isn't even the word 
phoenix-my new obsession 
after 12 days the stitches are out .. looks kinda gross though 
steelers are 5-1 . can you say playoffs ?! 
I'm getting sick of hearing about wanna be men being dead beat dads . somehow 40's are more important than diapers , toys more important that bills . why is it that the woman are always stuck with 90% of the responsibilty ? no one is too good to change a diaper ! wise up already !! \ 
to the ladies : if he's not taking care of himself how do you honestly expect him to care about taking care of his child ?. sounds mean , but true . 
i got two different style fleeces today , going to make madi her own blanket for christmas !!! 
Happy Halloween everyone !! 
bummed out ... i got my test results back , surgery didn't go as planned :( 
making chili for the first time .. how hard can it be ?! 
i don't understand people these days ... whatever happened to if you have a problem with someone , be an adult and talk to that person , not everyone else . it's bad enough being in debt and having health problems , i had to get fired on top of it all .... loving my life ... fuck you . 
does anyone know a website i can go to to watch tv episodes without downloading anything or having to sign up for any online offers ? 
A Veteran\ 
is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable\ 
to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , \ 
their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in \ 
this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Vetera ... n or thankful for your < PROPFEMALE > n \ 
Veterans and people in service . \ 
See More 
I'm very , very excited about Thanksgiving !! 
girls night later !!! sooooo excited !!! 
you can't have girls night without girls ... plans fell through ... very dissapointed :( 
I'm so irritated ... the new jersey court system really f****ed me over !!! 
steelers won finally !!! 7-3 ! 
new york in two days with the family , so excited !!! 
who has a job interview tomorrow ? I do !!! 
I looked at a mormon website today . I'm not putting it down , I just dont get it . 
what another beautiful day to waste on the bullshit that is my life 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB til Monday , December 6th . Remember your childhood and join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
so I just spent probably over an hour making madilynn's blanket , I got half way through and realized I had one side backwards . Time to start all over again >:( 
taking madi to grandmas house for the day tomorrow ! 
Steelers are 10-3 , we've definately got playoff status plus a good shot at the superbowl !!! So excited !! 
3 yrs old : \Mommy 
ugh I'm getting sick :( this is all kens fault ! 
The Christmas Story is back ! 
< PROPMALE > and Madi are sick . I'm trying to take care of them without getting sick . I've been running this house by myself for the last couple of days , all i'm waiting for is for < PROPFIRST > to start throwing up ! I don't think a little respect and appreciation are too much to ask for 
up at the butt crack of < PROPFEMALE > cause I'm sick :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays everyone ! 
i hate new jersey . you would think that they could handle two feet of snow . instead they plowed the middle of my street and made it a one way ... getting in my driveway is going to be fun ! soooo not looking forward to going home :( no one plows like ny . 
let's go steelers !!!! whoop some greenbay ass !!!! 
visiting the family 
visiting the family with < PROPMALE > , madi and < PROPFIRST > !!! 
wow just checked my myspace for the first time in months ... it finally hit me how much it sucks !!! rip myspace !! 
goodbye size 10's and hello size 8's ... oh how I've missed you !!! I'm going to give myself a big < PROPFIRST > on the back for this one !!!! 
cleaning ... need to find my motivation ... 
taking madi to the doctors today 
looking forward to my friend date later !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
time to get my workout on !!! 
the truth is you could slit my throat \ 
And with my one last gasping breath \ 
I'd apologize for bleeding on your shir t-t bs 
