Has a bit of a hangover ! Ugh ! Happy New Years Everyone ! 

Going to take photos for my cousin . 
I'm impatient with stupidity 
Is so bored with everything . 
thinks that no one should die because they cannot afford health care and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
I attend the church of life ... that's as real as it gets . 
I am so bored . The internet has become very boring . 
Watching ALF ! I love Alf ! The 80s were awesome . 
Is Watching the VMA Pre-show and then the VMAs . I haven't watched the VMAs since like 1999 . Back when music didn't suck . 
Woohoo ! Lady Gaga got it for best new artist . 
Ok Pink's performance was impressive . To be able to do all that and sing at the same time ?! Wow ! 
Lost another pound today . Woohoo ! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT -- If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
is so beyond pissed right now . My T.V. just blew up and of course it was the only HDTV at that . 
Is watching Flipping Out . Is now addicted to it no thanks to < PROPFEMALE > . LOL 
Is amazed by all the ignorance that is going around ! Must be in the drinking water ! 
Power went out at 10:15 p.m. and won't be back on until 1:30 a.m. Yeah for me ! This Sucks ! 
Is confused beyond all reason ! 
Is watching Flipping Out ! 
Damn Endorphins ! 
Ironic don't you think ? LOL . Juno is on . I have to watch it again . 
A food baby ! Haha ! 
feels like crap today ! 
is feeling like shit once again . I hate this weather . I need to go pay my sister in Texas a visit . My allergies don't kill me in Texas . 
feels like I have no purpose sometimes . 
Is watching the first season of True Blood . I can't get enough if this show . I wish they would hurry up and start the third season . 
has a bad headache ! I hate this time of year ! Damn allergies ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is so prudish when it comes to sex . 
My dryer almost caught on fire . Good thing I was standing beside it when I noticed the burning smell . Ugh ! 
Wishes he can go into hiding and never come out . 
Has went through enough shit this week ! I'm wondering what in the hell is next ! Fuck My Life ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , in her time , ruled as tyrannically as did the Austrian General after the Hungarian and Italian struggles for < PROPFEMALE > . 
is tired of being tired and as soon I lay down to go to sleep , I'm wide awake . This is really getting annoying ! 
Despises his life ! 
Is so glad that I no longer work at Wal-Mart and have to put up with working on Thanksgiving day and have to work on Black Friday and putting up with the crazy ass people ! For once I can actually enjoy my Thanksgiving Dinner and relax afterwards and sleep in the day after . ( Breathes a sigh of relief ) 
Is watching You Are What You Eat . < PROPFEMALE > can be such a bitch and I love it ! LOL . 
Finally has electric ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
Thanks everybody that wished me a happy birthday ! My mom was pretty much the only one that wished me a happy birthday from my family . My brother told me happy birthday but that's only cause I reminded him . This birthday sucked just like all the rest . Blah . 
This damn snow is ruining everything ! Like all my plans ! Go Away Snow ! 
Ahh To Have A Life ! 
\Germans commonly commit suicide in a particularly vicious passive-aggressive manner : jumping in front of a train . That doesn't happen in the US ; people are polite and simply shoot themselves . \ " That line cracks me up every time I read it ! LOL . " 
it's WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! RETRO RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable ( LOL ) we all were !!! WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is bored out of his mind ! 
This depression medication really knocks me on my ass ! I hope I get used to it in the next couple of days . I'm really tired . Thinking about going to bed . Blah ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > 
Is in dire need for a trip to Lowes ! I love Lowes ! I need some supplies . 
I'm thinking it's about bed time ! 
Shame on you America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this ............ 
Watching the Grammys . 
Go to urbandicitionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what urban dicitionary says about your name in the first comment 
Is tired of worrying over what people think of me ! If people don't like me for who I am then I don't need you in my life ! I don't care anymore ! 
Is done with facebook ! 
What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger . If that's the case I should be like Hercules . LOL 
Can't sleep as usual . This getting to be an every night thing . 
Today has been a terrible day ! When will it end ?! 
I feel like beating my head of a wall ! 
I'm in a listening to < PROPMALE > mood tonight ! 
Is amazed at how it doesn't get totally dark until like 20 til 10 now . Makes me wonder if WV is going to become like Alaska and have like 6 months of daylight and 6 months of darkness . LOL 
This is from facebook ~ ~ There are many complaints that Facebook has become unacceptably slow . The report shows that Facebook has a number of nonactive members . They want us to re-post this message to see who are active and who are not . If you don't post this message within 2 weeks ...... you will be removed in order to get more space . Post this on your wall to show that you are active in the system 
Maybe for the first time I'm actually happy . I'm tired of being miserable my whole life . 
I was once told that good things happen to those who wait . I am finding this out . I have someone good in my life and I wouldn't change that for anything . :) 
Reality is only as real as the person's mind perceives it ! 
WTF ?! I have sleep back on the couch tonight cause somehow ants decided they wanted to sleep in my bed . I wish they would have asked for my permission . :/ 
Spent three hours in the E.R. tonight . I was poked , prodded , dyed , scanned , and wired up like a Christmas tree . And scared shitless for a while . It's been a wonderful night ! :/ 
Is really in the mood to watch Inspector Gadget cartoons . :) 
Well tomorrow is my first day of college . Wish me luck . I need it . LOL . 
Getting ready to head to class . The long class . LOL 
My dog Copper is in really bad shape and I don't think he's going to make it through the rest of the day . :( 
Well Copper is still hanging on . I'm worn out from all this but can't sleep . :( 
R.I.P. Copper . You'll be deeply missed ! :( 
ckson County . Oh boy . I don't think we're in kansas anymore Toto ! LOL 
Tornado Warning for < PROPMALE > County . Oh boy . I don't think we're in Kansas anymore Toto ! LOL 
On my way to Long Island , New York ! 
What The French Toast ?! \ 
\ 
-The Great < PROPFIRST > Metz 
Is feeling pretty good right now . Hehe . ;-) 
My iPhone is about to crap itself completely . So much for holding out for the white iPhone 4 . :-( 
I have come to realize that I live a very sheltered life . Sigh . 
On my way to Washington D . C . :-) 
I hate having the flu ! :-( 
Sometimes I don't know how I should feel . 
WTF happened to me recently ?! Man I need to get back on track ! I want to lose 30 more pounds by christmas . 
It's 80's week ! Everyone ( everyone oldenough ! ) has to change their profile pic to one of them taken in the 1980's . Be a good laugh to see how many of us have changed .... for the worse .... or better !! Change your pic and repost this . 
I really need some good pictures of myself . 
And the procrastination starts . 
Is sick of thinking too much all the time ! Causes nothing but problems . :( 
\I don't like mondays . Tell me why . I don't like mondays . Tell me why . I don't like mondays . I want to shoot the whole day down . \ " \ 
This has been one hell of a week ! TGIF ! Time for some much needed R&R ! 
This is cancer month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member & friend who has lost their battle with cancer , & in honor of those who continue to conquer ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy & paste . I was proud to . Will you ? 
Can't go back to sleep . Ugh ! :-/ 
If you have a dog ( or dogs ) who has made you laugh , brightened your life , silently accepted your tears without judgment , snuggled with you , forgiven your faults and loved you anyway , make this your status . Dogs are a gift most of us don't deserve . Repost this if you have - or had - an amazing dog or two ! 
If I don't find a job soon I'm going to go nuts . This is ridiculous ! :-/ 
After drinking myself into oblivion , I'm still no better off than what I was before . :( 
I'm so tired and worn out . Thinking about taking a nap . Highlight of my day . That's pretty sad . 
It's 1980s week ! Everyone ( old enough ! ) has to change their profile pic to one taken in the 80s . It will be funny to see how many of us have changed .... for the worse .... or better ! Change your pic and re-post 
Is tired of all the bullshit that has been piling up in my life ! :-/ 
Has had enough ! I'm just wondering what's next ! Grrr ! 
To Do List\ 
1 . Get a new life ! \ 
2 . Ditch the old life\ 
3 . Clean house with my so called friends . They know who they are ! 
Why do I bother trying ? :-/ 
Psychology homework to do . Blah . 
I need to get my procrastinating butt in gear . LOL 
Lets see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! Im not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & . paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life 
Some guys wouldn't know respect if it bit them in the ass ! ;-) 
Ahh nothing like coming home and listening to 80s music ! :-) 
Ok the 80s music is starting to suck . Now time to break out my Nine Inch Nails concert DVDs ! ;-) 
Well going to bed . This is the earliest I have been in bed in two weeks ! Goodnight . :-) 
Taking mucinex with wellbutrin was not a good idea . Ugh ! :-( 
Ok it's just the wellbutrin that is causing all these bad side effects . No more . This has been a night from hell cause of it . :-/ 
Now I know what it feels like to be a zombie . I'm so tired but can't sleep . :-( 
Sigh . :-( 
Ahh ... nothing like listening to old school < PROPFEMALE > Manson to get the day started ! Antichrist Superstar really gets me going in the morning ! LOL . ;-) 
I have come to realize that I need to channel my anger , sadness , and depression into something . So it looks like I'm breaking out my guitar and relieve some of this stress . I'm sorry guitar for the pain that is about to be inflicted on you but it's better you than me ! ( insert sinister laugh here ) 
Am I the only one that thinks that Macs have the best sound from their speakers ? I mean I have a MacBook Pro and the sound is awesome ! 
Blah 
I'm so worn out . Heading to bed . I'm sure tomorrow is going to be another blah day . 
Had another fill in my lap-band today . I think it's a little too tight now . I ate a meatball and I chewed it up really well and it still got stuck . Ugh . :-( 
Could it be ? I'm getting back on a normal sleep and eating schedule again ? I think so . It's about time . :-) 
Classes at 4 . Yay ! Not ! I just want to be lazy today but I have a 3 < PROPFEMALE > paper to write tonight for tomorrow . I'm such a procrastinator . But oh well . LOL 
Is it time to go home from class yet ?! Ugh ! 
Got taco < PROPFEMALE > for diner . Let's see how much of this I can eat now that my band is super tight . Survey says ... not very much ! 
So the tot wars have begun , < PROPFEMALE > ! LOL 
Does it make me a nerd if I want to see the new Tron movie ? 
Sometimes when you deny your feelings it causes more problems than when you do . 
Sometimes when you deny your feelings it causes more problems than when you don't . 
I'm really missing < PROPFIRST > right now . :-( 
Sitting in my math class waiting for it to start . After tonight I'm off from college for over a week . Woo hoo ! 
I'm so worn out ! Thanksgiving baking all night last night and today . It wore me out but it was all good . ;) 
I hate winter ! Bah hum bug ! 
Oh god it's night of the vintage threads ! \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > 
Damn sinus pressure and headache ! Ugh ! And this night was starting to be decent until now . :-( 
I am so sick of trying when all it does is backfires in my face ! I'm fed up ! Done ! Over and Out ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! It sucks though cause I am sick on my birthday . UGH ! :( 
I'm so glad that 2010 is over ! Let's see how much this year will be . :-/ 
In my first class for the new semester . Yay ! LOL . Biology this early should be interesting . 
I'm so tired of trying to get anywhere in life anymore . :( 
Time for bed . Working on music later today . ;) 
Ahhh .... the wonders of good ol ' synergism ! LOL 
Can't until may ! I have to go see the movie Thor when it comes out ! It looks awesome ! Have to love < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it , and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support . I copied and pasted , will you ? 
MUST STAY AWAKE !! 
Have a job interview tomorrow ! I hope I get the job ! 
I swear if I have to see < PROPFIRST > Bieber one more time on tv or hear about him I'm going to kill someone !!!! 
Valentines Day , bah humbug ! 
