Imma make it easy for ya'll: Don't like me , delete me . Don't know me , don't try to add me . And if ya'll wanna talk crap , say it to my face . Good ? Good . 

Tequilaaaa ! ;) 
My hero doesn't need a cape , just his ACU's ;) 
Inbox me a number between 1 and 500 and ill post the truth about what i really think about you in my status . 
814 - You have no idea how thankful I am to have you as a close friend . You've helped me hold together so many times when I am falling to pieces . You have never sugar coatted anything , you tell me if I've done something wrong out flat and I really appreciate it-I prefer it . You're one of the best people I know , if you ever need anything at all-Please do not hesitate to ask . :) 
24- I do believe you are the funniest person I know . The car rides with Averie and walking around the mall , my stomach was in < PROPFEMALE > much pain . Especially when < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > almost flipped off Averies dad ... that was halarious ! Thank you for the laughs , I hope to share more of them with you in the future ! Oh & I like your car ! :) 
499- You are an amazing singer . Very pretty and so very talented . I just don't get why you hide it from everyone ? But I am very proud of you for what you've made out of your experiences . And Im glad you trust me enough to tell me what you have . :) <3 
576- I miss you sooo much ! :) I find it so funny how we became such good friends , you become engaged and then we later find out its my cousin you were engaged to ! Honestly , anyone who tells you that you've made a mistake to have a family so young ... * Forget * them ! You're happy and they can deal or move the heck on . btw , ya'lls baby is adorable ! 
1- I've known you forever . :) Well nearly 6 years now , but for a Army Brat that feels like forever . I trust you with my all and then some . I hate the fact that you've moved away and that I can't defend you anymore , but I'm doing what I can , and I hope it helps all the same :) You are one spunky lil small fry tho , and Im proud of you :) <3 you Wheat Bread ! -- Noodle 
462- Good golly , we've been through so much this year . Had more than enough drama . And have shared insane secrets , yet you still stuck with me ! You even defended me when you didn't know what was going on ;) Thank you so much for everything . You are the perfect picture of a Best Friend , I couldn't ask for one better , I really couldn't . < PROPFIRST > here we come ! :) 
1.4 - You really know how to Rock out to some good music ! :) This summer was a blast and I miss you so much ! I still have a scar from those rollarblades :) Everytime I see that scar I just start laughing . You are such a goof and so very pretty ! It's so rare to see someone our age as mature as you . It's pretty dern refreshing :) next time we see each other we have to finish watching those scary movies :) <3 you Prima ! 
27- I remember the days when you were a head shorter than me , and now your a head and some odd taller than me :( haha I miss you like crazy ! The beginning of the summer was so scary with everything that happened , but at least we got to < PROPFEMALE > out again . You and your lil novia seem so happy and I hope it stays that way . You deserve happiness for once . * btw-I wish I was there when the < PROPFEMALE > stung you ;) hehe 
327- Mr. Hurls class was funny , or to me it was . Those were the good ol ' days , huh ? Everything was so simple . I envy you for your ability and < PROPFEMALE > to stay in Mrs. Daniels class ! I hope you get that new camera you want :) Oh Im sorry for aiming at you in dodgeball that one time ... I was a bit of a high tempered firecracker . Maybe next year we'll have a class together , yeah ? 
42717- I've known you since I've lived here and i'm so glad we've stayed friends so long :) You're a take-no ones-crap type of girl and I respect that a heck of a lot . You've given me great advice and trust me enough to ask me my advice as well . You're a quick witt and pretty darn halarious . We need to < PROPFEMALE > out sometime during Break :) 
Ok . So I really want a tattoo ): 
On a dark desert highway , cool wind in my hair\ 
Warm smell of colitas , rising up through the air ... 
< PROPMALE > might actually have a < PROPMALE > against Oakland this time (; 
When I run , it's like I'm flying (: 
Forget sunshine ! You're my smile (: 
Dad's orders got deleted , guess what that means !! You guessed it ... I might be moving to < PROPFEMALE > in the next few months ! Hooray !?!... Nope . ): 
We'll never be as young as we are today (: 
Ya'll are awesome ! ( : 
It's frickin ' halarious how people pay way more attention to you when they don't like you 
Music is my Time Machine (: 
Ran around like an idiot with Lorrisa Patz & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > during 6th hour (: Played peek-a-boo with the library kids , skipped my I-Pod down the hall , Pics , and ran around Fry's for some Strawberry Frosting with Averie ! Top it off , < PROPFEMALE > doesn't have bus transportation tomorrow ! [no school ] Tally that all up and it equals ... A DERN GOOD DAY ! ( : 
time to sail away from the safe harbor 
When you love someone , it's not the fact that you can't live without them , it's the very fact that you don't want to <3 
My phone wanted to go for a swim .. Completely failed and drowned , but at least it tried ! 
