Omg , I swear if my shoulder doesn't let up I'm gonna scream !!! Getting 2 where it hurts all the way down into my fingers and is sooo painful that it's keeping me nauseated ! Idk what 2 do , fighting my back is bad enuff , but this is killing me ! 

Tryin ' 2 keep < PROPFEMALE > frum sleeping is hard work just in case any1 was wondering . * sigh * 
Ok ... I give , where the hell IS everybody ?!?! I haven't heard frum , like , any1 in several days !!! 
About 2 leave w/my mom and my sis . Not n the best of moods cuz a cpl ppl r mad at me and won't tell me why . 
It's interesting ... I have learned a lot today . I have learned that people can change in a heartbeat for the bad as well as the good , I have learned that nobody is ever exactly what they seem to be , I have learned that there are a very select few that go above and beyond the call of duty when needed , and I have learned that my heart can be broken , somewhat mended , re-broken and simply numb all in the span of a day . 
Just sendin ' love to my beautiful neice ... sleep well precious < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Going to bed . My anniversary is tomorrow and I need to pull myself out of this depressed slump so I can enjoy the day that makes 12 years with my husband . 
Doing better today ... learning to try to only worry about things I can change , and trying to let go of the things I can't 
Heading out to dinner and a movie for my anniversary :) 
Ugh ... my Monster is not doing it's job ... I'm still tired . And WHY IS NOBODY ON HERE ?!?!?! 
Ugh ... EM , I hate it when every1 goes 2 bed ! 
Ok I give . I am apparently the only frickin 1 up and bored ! 
Yep , so 2day is my baby sisters wedding , which is awesum cuz I love her husband-2-b and know he will treat her rite , and I'm sooo excited 4 them ! But OMG I'm so old ! And kinda nervous just cuz I've nvr < PROPMALE > n a wedding b4 ! 
Well , it's official , my little sis is married ... but she couldn't have picked a better man . I LUV U GUYS ! 
Well , it's official , my little sis is married ... but she couldn't have done better , so I'm happy :) I love u guys ! 
I swear it seems that if I am bored enuff 2 sit here and repeatedly look at the same crap on FB then NOBODY else is on . I'm glad u all have better things 2 do ! :P 
Ok ... gotta get off here and drag my happy butt upstairs and finish wrapping presents and writing riddles ... wish me luck :) 
Ugh ... I'm bored and lazy all at the same time ... nothing 2 do xcept stuff I dnt wanna do . 
Ok ... ' certain people ' that r not answering me r driving me crazy , and other ' certain people ' do NOT get think that OTHER ' certain people ' that I know r hott ... it's not cool ... just so we're clear ! 
And fyi ... each of these ' certain people ' knows precisely who they r , so there's no need 4 any1 2 b sittin ' around wondering if I'm talkin ' about them :) 
Ok , gonna go play guitar hero cuz u ppl r all being boring :P 
Ok , so Imma get offa here and go bake 4 a while , and then I'll b back 2 c if any1 is on yet :) 
Ok ... bored ... I giv up . Imma go 2 my room and read cuz I hav nothing better 2 do . I'm really tired of hurting and being sick ... it's a good thing I hav no alcohol or I'd b blitzed by now ... 
Well , I have got 2 b about the only person n history that has the capability of screwing around with a device 4 long enuff that I lock myself out of it . I am not happy rite now . These things should NOT allow u 2 make ' unlock patterns\ when ur tired and just screwing around being stupid . " 
Yup . Gonna go 2 bed and hope morning sux less . To quote a great friend ... Boo . 
Kk ... couldn't sleep , so Imma steal the thing that Chelle stole frum sumbody so I will have interesting things 2 look at when I get back on here ! So ... everybody post a random fact about urself ... make em good :D 
And while ur at it , post ur strangest/worst fear or phobia ... assuming u all hav 1 . \ 
I intend 2 keep putting weird stuff like this cuz otherwise nobody has anything 2 talk about :) 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversati ons pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are ! 
Ok ... I guess Imma go upstairs now , cuz my usband is mean and gonna go up and I'm n a seriously weird mood and dnt feel like being alone . Luv u guys ... and I still hav my fone on if u wanna txt me . 
Ugh ... bored 
Where is everybody ?!?! Ugh , I'm so happy u all have lives while I'm sitting here yelling at FB ... GAY !!! 
Lovin ' the weather . I'm weird ( like noboby knew that already ) cuz what most ppl consider ' bad ' weather actually improves my mood . 4 any1 that wasn't aware of the fact , Sanger sux ... unless they decided really l8 , they didn't close or delay 2day at all ... I just kept the kids home anyways :) 
I and my family are asking all those who believe to send up prayers for < PROPFIRST>' aunt < PROPFEMALE > . She is in ICU again , long story short she went to the E.R. with a respiratory infection but when they went to dialisize her she went into convulsions . She has been thru so much and we just ask that you all hold her and her family up in prayer . Thank you . 
Ok , I'll play ... Let's see how creative my facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word and not copy cause that's not fun ... :-) 
B-day shopping ... yay lol . At least I hav good company :) 
Yup , tired of ppl causing my mood 2 suck 2 a point that I pretty much dnt talk 2 any1 4 fear of being a b**ch . It rather sux and prolly makes the wrong ppl think that I'm mad and I dnt like it . I give up , I'm going 2 bed ... 2morrow has GOT 2 b better . 
K ... I've changed my puppy's name , it's gonna b Tigger-Pooh :) Named after my and my husbands childhood nicknames . 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this ! 
Oh , and btw I didn't name the lil girl ... Annabelle Poochy was NOT my idea 
YAY ! I luv the Nae ! I officially didn't upset her and she rox :) 
