You're absolutely right , < PROPFIRST > was not Gay , but he was the first furry ! 

\Cats would be able to express themselves so much better if they had middle fingers \"" 
Jeez everyone left me at the same time ... now who is unloved ? 
Emos are all partiotic-they all bleed red and are white and blue . Happy Independance Day 
Emos are all patriotic-they all bleed red and are white and blue . Happy Independance Day 
Emos are all patriotic they bleed red , and are white and blue 
Family Feud number .. damn I can't count this high 
I get one thing fixed to find another thing broken 
Wow , some people really CAN'T handle the truth 
I think I shall become quite an isolationist , if not a hermit . I am tired of others ' actions negatively affecting me 
I am bored crazy , Aunt K , < PROPFIRST > , I come over , yes please ? 
Oh man , what if your dreams came true after you had given up and changed them ? 
That is it . I want to start my own news station . 
When your house catches fire and you tweet about politics and media pains you know somethiing is wrong 
Wow , so the Job Fair was entertaining , and going around Macon was less than fun though . Everything from flat tire to dead battery ! 
Yay , more scholarship money ! 
Oh my god , it looks like the Washington Semester will actually be work outable with my Wesleyan Scholarships ! 
HP comes out in November ! 
SCHOOL STARTS IN TWENTY TWO DAYS ! 
Great I almost forgot I still have to get a tb skin test in order to move in :/ 
Wow ... all of these \objective sources of news\ " are so very focused on complaining about each other " 
Well , Mr Gingrinch , if we should be waging war on \radical Islam\ " perhaps we should wage war on all other radical monotheistic religions . Perhaps radical Christianity ? " 
Fear . Beautiful , how it breeds . 
Ugh my gaia account got hacked , and then banned !!! Jeez ... starting over I guess ! 
A < PROPMALE > Fox news person just advertised himself as \The Voice\ " ... V for Vendetta much ? LOL ! " 
Laugh until you cry . Because everything is funny in the right light 
So on the eighth I get to see my Mama again , and apparently she got me a Jackolope ... Odd but cool ! And soon I can see my psychopathic sister and go clothes shopping . Which is good cause I love it and she hates it , double plus . Then off to school with friends and learning and books ! 
Fox has a new poll-84 percent say the country is headed in the wrong direction . But 67 percent say that the country is headed in the right direction . Now this sixty seven percent is the ruling class . Thank you < PROPFIRST > Beck for the new lesson in math and the new lesson in the socioeconomic make up of this country ... apparently we even have a ruling class . 
I will miss you < PROPFEMALE > 
I get to keep Bells a little longer-The Statesboro shelter isn't accepting kitties ! 
Facebook- Please , stop suggesting I add my brothers friends ... We have nothing in common ... I promise you ! 
This ain’t a scene it's a\ 
goddamned-Kiss my eyes and lay me to sleep-Help me believe its not\ 
the real me-looking at my reflection when it changes , suddenly it\ 
changes , violently it changes-save me smilin ' Jesus get off that\ 
cross-another cog in the murder machin-Twenty points to anyone who knows what songs this came from ! 
we were both young when I first saw you-check yes < PROPFEMALE > kill the limbo-love struck romeo-every little thing you do , when I see you dance in my homeroom class-like a west side story 
So much for master manipulator : I can't even get two people back talking ! -__- 
School soon yes !!!!!! 
I feel like I have stepped into a book .. this place is just that fantastic ! 
I always wanted six hundred sisters ... 
Animus y spiritus 
They dare desecrate this house built on BLOOD AND HONOR ! 
Loving people takes conscious effort , because love is not a passive state but an action one must take every moment , every day and night-until you die and beyond . 
Now the worse part of auditions . Waiting for the roster/cast list . 
I will have my own law firm one day just so I can name it \Devil's Advocates \"" 
I can't sleep . :( 
Hundreds of sisters here but I miss the one I left back home ... well sort of back home ^.^ 
Some weeks should end in a bar ... pity I don't like bars 
And some guy in a truck , after finding he could NOT turn down a sidewalk , backed up on top of my car friday ..... some days I do not believe my life . 
So ... recap of my day(s)-Destroyed Car , No Cell Phone , my Financial < PROPFEMALE > is having to go through more Verification due to my School getting audited ... oooh yay . I keep rolling poorly on luck . On the bright side-My grades are good ! 
So , the accident report seems to have disappeared , I still don't have my cell phone ( so no alarm clock/phone ) and on top of it all .... I think I just missed one too many of my morning classes due to the fact that I am relying on mostly luck and other people right now to wake in the morning for the class . My luck can be a mite depressing . 
I do not think I have been this damn Emo since middle school . Oh wells ... depressing poetry time ! 
If everyone is that one out of many , is there a many left ? 
Arrogance , damning and proliferating itself in one breath . 
A wonderful argument can persuade one to an idea in an hour , an idiot can turn one off of an idea in five minutes 
Because now we have to ask if its .. ethical to lead people from their comfy cave . 
AND NOW they say that financial < PROPFEMALE > could take another MONTH .... Jesus Christ ! 
Political Science is simple : Because he's the hero Gotham deserves , but not the one it needs right now 
Today I am brain dead , my apologies if I am talking to you at any point during the day or days until I get better . 
I am totally doing my English paper ....... right now ! ~ 
Direct quoting Chaucer is a pain when your word processor auto corrects spelling ... 
You know I wonder if the Wife of Bath was a hermaphrodite ? 
So does Chaucer prefer his babies rare and pink or well done and a bit chewy ? 
The more I see the less I know , the more I like to let it go . 
If I could tell the world just one thing it would be that We're all okay and not to worry because worry is wasteful and useless in times like these , I won't be made useless , won't be idle with despair . Gather myself around my faith cause light the darkness most fears-Hands-Jewel 
I do not-here- 
The Atlanta Ballet is doing Moulin Rouge !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
And at least one hold is STILL there . Can I kick something ? 
I hate being sick 
YAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Remember to obey the law , ladies ; When you go into negotiate your paycheck-already know what men are being paid to do the same job so that you can demand over and negotiate down to the same wage as men 
Politeness : Not responding to the more ridiculous parts of someone's argument . 
I need to get that tidbit fixed so I can do their jobs for them ! 
Feminist : Don't use the term woman ! It is so offensive ! I mean , why would you need to have \man\ " in the word woman ? And the word \ " male\ " in female ? It's so patronizing ! \ 
I just lost seven pages of work-I just might cry ! 
So NOT the drama . 
Love thy neighbor . 
Coming here has to be worth losing you , it just has to . 
My word processor is taunting me ! Taunting me I tell you !!! 
... my NaNo protagonist's impending death makes me so sad . I didn't exactly like the character at first , but I have come to love her dearly . 
2010 : The woman tries to act on her constitutional rights , and when someone tries to deny those constitutional rights she calmly explains herself . Then the man calls a male cop to drag her away by her wrists for the disorderly conduct of refusing to surrender the rights she was denied . Next , a kindly medical professional suggests the woman may have had a mental breakdown that caused her to be so disruptive . 
You cannot use the refusal to surrender constitutional right as grounds for denying those constitutional rights . 
I went to my Conservative Christian High School , and they never once tried to deny my rights . I go to a Liberal Christian College , and they drag me across the floor by my wrists-with my arms behind my back-simply for not surrendering my right . 
It may take a bit more than a magic wand and a < PROPFEMALE > godmother to go to the ball this year . It might be worth it though . 
That was great . Everyone was so beautiful , there was good food , lots of music and great fun . Plus really awesome goblets of chocolates ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , you had the right idea . 
If we fall , who then will stand ? 
Bury me in satin , lay me down on a bed of roses , put me in the river at < PROPFEMALE > and send me away to the notes of a love song . 
Well , that certainly puts a damper on our relationship . -The < PROPFEMALE > Bride 
It is frustrating watching someone you care for placing all their hopes and dreams in a balloon on a hot summer day when a brush with hot metal will send all of it crashing down with a loud pop . But you will always be there with a tub of ice cream and the glue to put the pieces back together . 
I fixed the internets ! 
I miss Cuban food ! Totally need to head south for more reasons than the weather . 
I have officially spent 21 years on this earth , if records are to be believed . Which , I mean , of course they are ... the Government would never lie would they ? 
Proof you are in college : You have changed your name at least once . 
I've been burning in water and drowning in flame\ 
To prove you wrong and scare you away\ 
I admit my defeat and want back home\ 
In your heart under the rose-HIM 
Back to class . Western Civ I teacher I adore , is talking about the most brutal < PROPFEMALE > s of human history . Perhaps I should let him know , that apparently the < PROPFEMALE > is the last 50 or so years , before he offends someone religiously ... Oh well at least I know HE loves the constitution as much as I do . 
Point : NONE of my ancestors come from near the Caucasus Mountains . 
.... does the rule for wookies apply to dragons ? 
Talking to someone you respect and finding out they were in the exact same place you were , once upon a time . Nothing is cooler . 
When the older codes make more sense than the newer codes , what does that make modernity ? Is it still modernity ? 
We hit the breaks on spending in the 30's ? Goodness , and here I traced much of the spending programs in place today TO the 30's . 
There is likely a < PROPFEMALE > Austen quote for every situation you will ever end up in ... like ever . Good to know . 
Lex Parsimoniae meet Lex Murpheus ... 
Sail away my little sister , sail away to the other side . Sail away , sail away far into the night . Where time seems much better than this void called life . -Sirenia-The Other Side . 
A woman , especially , if she have the misfortune of knowing anything , should conceal it as well as she can . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Austen 
Broke my heart on the road , spent the weekends sewing the pieces back on , crayons and dolls pass me by , walking gets to boring , when you learn how to fly ! Not the homecoming kind , take the top off and who knows what you might find , Won't confess all my sins , you can bet on trying but you can't always win . 
Mmm ... repetition , narcissism , brainwashing , and enough god complexes to make a pantheon of relative truths . I LOVE formal education . 
OH MY GOD(s , ess , or whatever ) I just saw the most ADORABLE chibi cthulus ! Aww , baby tentacle monsters that want to destroy the world are soooo cute ! I want one ! 
I cannot speak well enough to be unintelligible . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Austen 
Oh ! do not attack me with your watch . A watch is always too fast or too slow . I cannot be dictated to by a watch . \ 
They are much to be pitied who have not been given a taste for nature early in life . \ 
The more I see , the less I know , the more I like to let it go-Snow-Red Hot Chili Peppers 
Swear allegiance to the flag , whatever flag they offer , never hint at what you really feel . Teach the children quietly , for some day sons and daughters will rise up and fight where we stood still . Can you hear me ? Can you hear me running , Can you hear me ? Can you hear me running , can you hear me calling you ? -Silent Running , < PROPFIRST > and the Mechanics 
You know , don't call me because you can't do something , then refuse to try what I say . I get that shit enough working tech support ! 
This fog and rain just doesn't seem right . Even if it is still technically winter . Groundhog , little dude , don't run away ! 
Did you know , you used to be my hero ? All the days you spent with me , now seem so far away and it feels like you don't care anymore . And now I try hard to make it , I just want to make you proud . I'm never gonna be good enough for you . I can't stand another fight . Nothing's all right ! Cause we lost it all , nothing lasts forever . I'm sorry I can't be perfect . -Simple Plan Perfect 
We've never been so many , and we've never been so alone-We Are , < PROPFEMALE > Johnsson 
You know you are a nerd when you are watching X-men Evolution , the whole series , and you get to Season 4 , Episode 6 , and yell at the screen because alligators aren't that aggressive ! 
Dancing in the desert blowing up the sunshine . -System of a Down 
LIE about how you met me in a comment below . That's right . Just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same to you 
Lookin ' down the barrel of a hot metal . 45 , just another way to survive . A little loaded she was stealing another breath , I love my baby to death California rest in peace , simultaneous release , California show your teeth , she's my priestess , I'm your priest . 
I'm trying new Flock -- check it out at www.flock.com 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzdo_uN6GZQ&feature=related 
So I have a sunburn from walking around for a couple hours .... enjoying the RAIN ! Worth it , even t hough getting a sunburn from rain is equally hillarious and annoying . 
Okay I think this is funny . Please play ! You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ! 4 words is harder than you think ! 
Ever really really want to do something , and not quite sure where to start ? 
Empathy . Why you care . 
\I kind of hid in the ocean for the first few months .. so yeah ... I can't talk \"" 
Cosmic Opposites . 
I am all for stating your opinion . Even in controversial or heated topics , but f.y.i. resorting to personal attacks is admitting two things : losing and your own immaturity . 
We are not the chosen ones . We do not fulfill a long lost ( probably drug and alcohol induced ) prophecy . We aren't even going to save the world . Because trust me , it is WAY to late for that . We are just trying to survive . Which I was currently doing my best to fail at apparently . 
I loved surrealist < PROPMALE > . Until I st < PROPMALE > ed living it . 
It wasn't the pain . No , she was used to it . The part of her that could had accepted the pain as a part of existence . It was simply that awful , horrifying fact that she could not get away from the concerned questions of her friends long enough to deal with it . They meant well . They meant really well . But she really wanted nothing more than to dive into the sea and flee from the entire world , her friends included . 
I have done some really dumb things . I have had some real close calls . But this was looking more and more like a \Final Destination\ " kind of day . Damnit . " 
Schoolwork is killer . 
