All I wanted to do today is upload the three photo albums I've made in the last two months and now it's not letting me . Facebook is lame ! 

So I totally broke down and got a Facebook . I feel like such a sell out . PS I have no idea how this thing works . 
Just finished moving a butt load of cabinets . I'm scheduling a chiropractic appointment for this week . 
It's my Friday and tomorrow I''m gonna have a fun filled day of cleaning Hedgie poo ! 
Got a blackberry today ! Now I just need to stop losing phones . 
Having Guinness Stout chocolate cake for breakfast ! 
So it might seem like I'm making this up but I have to agree with all these definitions . Darcy : 1 . The human drug ... awesome , lovable , great , fun , crazy , wild , randomly different , and peaceful . 2 . used in reference to people with great skill or an adjective for an astonishing feat 3 . The sexiest , coolest , funniest , most awesome kid alive . 
OMG I'm watching the Full House episode where Uncle < PROPFIRST > marries < PROPFEMALE > . He's signing her a song as part of the ceremony ! I love sick days . 
Having a great time buying music and listening to some classics with Taye . < PROPMALE>'s Diner anyone ? 
Booking my flight for Ireland today !!! 
I hate trains ! 
Beautiful day for a cajun boil ! 
Had way too much fun last night so today's plan is couch time followed by homework . 
I'm home alone and hearing weird noises . I wish < PROPMALE > were here . :( 
Something smells like nasty fish in my statics class . Ewe ! 
Hmm , I'm noticing a lot of my Alaska friends mentioning a bunch of snow . I have to say I'm a little jealous . I'd like a few more weeks on the mountains . 
I hate school . 
Wow , multi-tasking is sooo easy . I'm vaccuming the living room , washing the dishes , and making dinner . Life is so much better with a roomba , dishwasher and microwave . 
I'm so angry at my statics teacher right now I can't even work . All I can think about is punching him in the face . 
Went to goodwill today to get clothes for 80's night . Got to see a guy pee on some clothes in a dressing room . 
Loving the rain ! It's such a rare treat . 
So I was surfing amazon.com's beauty department today and came across some Japanese diet pills . On the front of the bottle it shows a pile of poo . I wonder how they help you loose weight ? 
Watching Bolt with Maverick . Good times . 
< PROPFIRST > just dropped her I phone , ooooohhhhhh ! 
Yesterday was 80 degree sunshine . This morning it's snowing . Crazy ! 
I hate it when my homework requires me to use a computer . So many distractions with the internet sitting just a click away . I've been on here for an hour and have yet to start my work . 
< PROPMALE > insomnia , got up at 5 today just for kicks and giggles . 
Last time I have to wake up at 5am until January !!! 
So I found 10 points on my math test that my teacher graded wrong . Along with the curve that make 101% ! 
Last final today and then I'm FREE for four weeks . 
Welcome to the family < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . As of this moment he is legally ours ! 
Catching up on my Glee !!! 
Does anyone know anybody who sells < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ? I've ran out of a product and can't find it anywhere . 
Yuck ! What a horrible day a work today . In fact it's just been a horrible week . >:( 
OMG after 3 years my work finally took care of the ants that invade my desk on occasion . All it took was my manager's office to get invaded . Funny . 
The best part about a < PROPFEMALE > marathon is the 90's fashion ! 
Thought I was going to get a C in statics and I pulled off an A- ! 
I ate two dinners tonight . Yum ! 
Everyday this week has felt like a Friday but since they were not it's been a sad , long week . At least tomorrow is my Friday ! 
Jury duty is nothing like Law & Order . :( 
Finally ! After two weeks working on the job from hell a glimmer of hope . Thank you < PROPFIRST > ! 
First day of school ! I'm so excited to start my music appreciation class . 
Much loves to my gal < PROPMALE > for getting me into running . I just did 5.25 in 47 < PROPFEMALE > . The Warrior Dash's got nothing on me ! 
Does anyone want to watch the Brave Little Toaster with me ? Movie marathon tomorrow ! 
Ugh , it's already 12 and I haven't gotten anything done today . I'm so behind I'm going to be here til 8 on a Friday ! 
I twisted each ankle once and ruined my new shoes trying to walk across campus in my ridiculous high heels . >:( 
A guy I work with is microwaving an entire sea bass in the cafeteria . Yuck ! 
My dynamics teacher just handed out the solutions to the homework that's due at the end of class today . I think he must be on some uppers . 
I don't know what I would do without my gal < PROPMALE > . Fun night in the Springs last night . 
High tea at the brown palace today ! Yeah ! 
Off to Wyoming for a weekend of boating ! 
The weekend is taunting me . So close yet so far away . :( 
< PROPMALE > and I are on a 9 hour roundtrip drive for a new/used camper . yeah , new camper . boo , no saturday . 
Homework sucks . :( 
Kept getting phone calls from Vietnam last night . Wierd . 
Wonderful day at waterworld ! Can't wait to go again next Sunday . 
Just invented the best drink ever ! 1 part vodka , 3 parts tonic and 1 part Naked's Blue Machine . It's tasty and healthy ! 
Went to return something at Kohl's today . Walked out with two new pairs of shoes . I hate you Kohl's! 
Last day of school for the summer !!! 
Yikes ! Supposed to writing a 7 < PROPFEMALE > paper for my last class and instead I'm continually distracted by the interweb . 
There's supposed to be a pretty good light show in Alaska tonight and tomorrow . I'm actually a little jealous for once . 
After 3 years I finally got < PROPMALE > to take me to Casa < PROPFEMALE > ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
At < PROPFEMALE > waiting to board our flight for New York ! 
So I lost my cell phone in JFK , typical . Anyway , when I get a new phone I'm going to need some < PROPFIRST > . It's a small price to pay for the trip of a lifetime . Photos to come ! 
Damn you facebook for distracting me from my homework for the last two hours . \ 
You have no power over me ! 
Oh life , how I wish I could put on hold , just for a day or two . 
In Arizona , drinking some Kilt Lifter . Life is good ! 
Took today off work . Yeah ! I'm going to get stuff done . Starting with wasting an hour on facebook . 
GLEE !!!!!!! 
It's times like these that leave us only one place to turn . Dear Grilled Cheesus ... 
I almost ran over a woman today in my neighborhood . She was just standing on the sidewalk and as my car approached she dashed out in front of me and ran across the street . It really reminded me of the Gieco commercial with the squirrels . 
Gonna try and make it to the zombie crawl today . All I have to do is go to a hair appointment , do some grocery shopping , go to the post office , make my costume , do my homework , start some laundry , and then I can go . I feel a little like < PROPFEMALE > . That is if she were trying to dress up like a zombie and get drunk instead of chasing some < PROPFEMALE > ass around a ballroom . 
Last night I dropped my phone in the cushions of my recliner and had to reach in after it . Never do this without a safety < PROPMALE > . My hand got stuck between some hinges and I had to get < PROPMALE > to come and rescue me . It was not my proudest moment . 
The mountains have been getting dumped on for like 5 days . I'm so excited for ski season !!! 
So I'm 2 hours into my week long vacation and I'm already bored . 
I think homework is easier to do when you only have one day to do it in . I have a week to do my math and 3 weeks to do my thermodynamics and I wasted the last two days doing nothing . 
Up at Breckenridge staring at a ski lift from my condo's window !!! 
Just bought myself the greatest Christmas present ever , a new washer and dryer !!! 
My clothes are starting to make me feel claustrophobic . I think its time for a diet . :( 
It was almost 60 degrees outside today so I celebrated with a good run through the neighborhood . 
I hate school . It's totally ruining my day off . Only two more weeks to go . 
Totally snagged the last box of mistletoe out from under some lady's hand at Target . Someone needs to tell her that Christmas waits for no one . 
Ugg , I'm in the computer lab at school with 5 hours and 15 minutes to do all of my thermodynamics project that is supposed to have taken over a month . \ 
If something's hard to do , then it's not worth doing . 
Straight A's again this semester . I'm kicking school ass and taking names ! 
Gearing up for a day on the couch ! 
Worst first day of school ever !!! I must have been high when I was planning out my schedule . 
Headed to Texas . Not the most exciting place to go but it's still going to be fun . 
It was actually cold in Texas today . I was surprised . 
Yikes !!! What a surprisingly great week in Texas . I'd love to stay longer but school and work are waiting for me . 
On day four of in bed sick because even the cold and flu viruses are bigger in Texas . :( 
Kinda wishing I was on the east coast right now . I could use a snow day . 
Ugh , ski traffic sucks ! 
Gleeking out and making notes for my recap with Mal later . She and I should have a Glee blog ! 
Just found an epic hole in the butt of my jeans ... jeans that i'm pretty sure I wore to work on Tuesday . Awesome . 
Don't you hate it when you have specific things to do online and by the time you make it to your computer you've forgotten what those things are so then you spend an hour staring at your facebook trying to remember . I sure do . 
I hate macs . Boo Apple ! 
I got a new toy !!! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! I had such a fun day yesterday . Special shout out to Taye for driving 4 hours round trip for me ! 
Designed a pump today that's headed to Kenai . No matter how far I go Alaskaness follows . 
Ugg , great last snow boarding day of the season but I am spent . Time for some beer and recliner . 
I hate the DMV . But I am now officially licensed to drive a motorcycle ! 
