I . Kinda . Need . Sleep . 

Shopping with the bests was awesome :) screw school . Past week has been great :) 
volleyball =/ .. then to the mountain , and staying with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
i hatee snow :( 
snow , please go away :( 
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation , because your character is what you really are , while you reputation is merely what others think you are . -John Wooden 
I don't know if we each have a < PROPFEMALE > , or if we're all just floatin ' around accidental-like on a breeze . But I , I think maybe it's both . - < PROPMALE > Gump 
an awkward morning is better than a boring night :) 
highschool is bullshitt .. please blame it on her friends a little more . 
why is it so hard to find someone who cares about you , when its easy enough to find someone who looks down on you . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s here , playing wiiii :) 
Bad is never good until worse happens . 
i loveee warm weather :) 
Friend : A person whom one knows , likes , and trusts .. i remember when that was true . 
one eyed , one horn , lying purple people eater haha :) 
Fighting-commenting on peoples status on facebook with \hurtful\ " words . " 
i loveeeeeee history :/ 
T's and D's 
And I know < PROPFEMALE>'s gonna get me back for being so cold , like a big bad wolf I'm born to be bad and bad to the bone :) 
just in case everyone didn't know , since its not all over facebook or anything , there's drama going on . 
im sooo ready for the week off :) 
Mother Nature is an asshole . 
with tristaa :) for the past three days and next two , woot woot . 
i am so ready for summer .. 
either were pulling together or were pulling apart . there really is no in-between . 
party party partyy , let's all get wasted ha :) 
life is either a daring adventure or nothing . -school is nothing . 
i want to do something exciting =/ 
i live first , and leave the bullshit dead lastt :) 
when you see my face , hope it gives you hell . when you walk my way , hope it gives you hell . 
mother nature is on my good side .. for now :) 
with the bestiess :) 
mother nature is a tease . 
i could really use a wish right now . 
I got the < PROPFIRST > Power flow I'm groovy bitches :) 
Is it really necessary to like something that takes up half the news feed ? i think not . 
i feel like i cant miss , i know they want me to fall , but aint nothin bigger than this , so just pass me the ball , you know you lookin at a winner :) 
< PROPFEMALE > ready for summer :) 
I want to stay as close to the edge as i can without going over . Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center . 
work isnt something i realllly wanna do right now . 
i actually thought i wasn't good enough , then i took a second look and knew i was wrong . :) < PROPFEMALE > ready to get away . 
officially drama free ! :) 
goodbye ohio :) 
get crazy , get wild , lets part , get loud ! :) 
floridaa with my bestiee :) 
i petted and fed a real giraffe :) :) 
i got moneyy to blow :) 
hey ohio .. were back :( 
i dont want rain 
out with the girls :) 
rain is horrible :( 
feelin goood :) stuff tonight with < PROPFEMALE > , htc . 
chocolare tundaaaa 
realllly good day :) htc . 
at Sheles :) htc . 
had a goodnight ! :) with shele . work tomorrow :/ 
feelin salty ... and hungry . 
tired of feeling salty . but what can i do , had a decent night . --- with Shele ; htc . 
chillin todayy . -- with shele . i wish it was the same on both sides . htc . 
so , starting today , im breaking outta this cage . i'm standing up , imma face my demons . i'm manning up , imma hold my ground . i've had enough , now im so fed up .... 
Cause it sure seems you got no doubt , but we all see you got your head in the clouds . 
anything that's worth having , sure enough is worth fighting for . quiting's out of the question , when it gets tough , you gotta fight some more . 
With the girls . At Derek's .. htc ! :) 
kickin it at shele's . htc :) 
haha duuude that was rain ! nooo it was the fire hitting you . nooo that woulda felt like fire ! ha shittttt ! its pouring ! lol good times shele .. love you girl :) 
At shele's . leaving later , then with < PROPFEMALE > :) htc . 
my long lost friend is coming over , its gonna be a night for a fire :) htc . 
\there's something fruitay going on \"- mikaela :) " 
i wanna get chocolate wasted ! haha :) 
I think about more than i forget . But i dont go around fire expecting not to sweat . 
volleyballlllll :) htc 
If I had you , life would be a party . It'd be ecstasy . 
eclipse at midnight :) probably the highlight of my day . 
With Shele and EL , going to scotties for a bit . then to my new house for a bit , then maybe Schmits :) htc . 
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra . 
With the girls :) cookin outt , then off to work till 8 . Thennn a bonfiya and shizatt at my house ! :) htc . 
laying by the pool :) i love summer . 
Nothing comes easy , you have to put your heart into it . 
I wanna celebrate , and live my life . Saying ayo , baby lets goo :) 
to switch schools orr not to ? ehh 
bestfriend/pretty much sister , < PROPFIRST > Mayse is coming tomorrow !! :) 
We gon ' light it up , like its dynamite :) 
Re-united and it feels soooo gooood ! :) haha love you guys . 
I'm standing on my monopoly board . That means im on top of my game and it don't stop till me hip don't hop anymore . 
beyond happppppy :) 
Good night :) Volleyball in columbus .. ehh . 
I always thought i was pretttty happy . But now i know the meaning of being reallllly happy :) \You stay on my head like a fitted cap \"" 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > ! You'll be missed greatly . 
< PROPMALE > harshbarger is my best frannnn (: 
What if today was your last day ? And tomorrow was too late .. 
Yeah , I gotta feel alive , even if it kills me \ 
I promise to always give you me , the real me 
Sallltttyyyy . 
kings island ! :) 
Vollleyball in the p.m. \You could run my heart like a marathon\ " :) " 
Cause when a heartbreaks , no it don't break even .. 
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be . 
You got spark , you got spunk . You got something all the girls want . Your like a < PROPFEMALE > store , and im a toddler . You got me wantin more , and more . 
Vollleyballlll :) 
I mean he was < PROPFIRST > , and I was < PROPFEMALE > . But my vision ends with the apple on the tree . 
Workkk , then nothing ? My life is awesome . 
Sleeeeeeeeep :) Anddd , people to see tomorrow ! :) 
With the bestie and people laterr :) 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s . :) 
My car's a v-6 . Well what's his a v-2 ? -Claire Maier hahaha . :) 
Lastnight was legitt . Work today .. 
:) 
Storms are at the top of my dislike list ... 
It's okay to live in the present , right ? Why worry about the future before it happens ... 
happyyyyy :) 
You can be my super boo oo ooo . You can be my super boo , i need you :) 
Saaalty . 
I've had plans everyday this summer and it's been great . What happened to these last two weeks ? 
Boy , you got me inspired , baby come and get it if you're really feelin ' me . 
Everyone notices they've done something wrong when it's too late ? 
Work till 8 .. i feel like complete shit . 
You can look all over but you'll never find hot shit like mine . 
With < PROPFEMALE > ! Tryouts in the a.m. htc ? :) 
I thought it was perfect .. i guess that's what i get for thinking ? Yeahh ... 
Volleyballlll :) 
Welcome to the goood liiifeee :) 
Fear : False Evidence Appearing Real ... 
To the other housee ; volleyball in the a.m. :) 
Till you put a girl in it , you ain't got nothin . :) 
Naps = perfecttttttt :) 
I learned there's things that matter , and there's things that don't . Don't let the things that don't matter get in the way of the things that do . 
I reall don't like this storm .. :/ Volleyball later .. & hearts ; 
Ohh , how i hate having back pains . 
I wish i didn't care about things so much , and my back didn't hurt , and i could just let loose . 
Nothing like late night taco belll :) 
Cause when a heart breaks , no it don't breakeven . :| <-- haha , my feelingless face :) 
Volleyball pictures , then thatt meeting , then another meetingg . :) 
Teach me how to dougie ? 
Can't say im what ya want , but i got what ya need :) 
Fall sports meeting = lameeee . 
Volleyball in the a.m. :) 
You can thank me now . 
I'm not conceited , im convinced :) 
Workkkk , nap time , moviess ? :) 
Movies tonight , with the bestests :) 
Feeelin ' good :) 
I figured out 3 things .. 1 . I lovee my friends&hearts ; 2 . I'm about fun , not being tied down :) and 3 . I have more than one brother ? :) 
Working later :) 
\Yeah i hear you talkin ' . Don't know who you tryna flatter . \"" 
Practice and team bonding thing tomorrow :) 
I look like yes , and you look like no ... 
Tiredd . Scrimmage in Bellbrook tomorrow . :) 
Scrimmage in Bellbrook today , oh joy . :) 
volleyball in the am , then off to work . oh joyy :) 
Volleyball in the am .. thenn working ... again . i miss sleeping :/ 
I've got the magic in < PROPFEMALE > :) 
scrimmage tomorrow at 4 ... :) 
scrimmage tonight .. ehh :) 
Glad everything just keeps getting better and better . 
R.I.P. to the girl you used to see , her days are over , baby she's over . 
I'm confused ? 
Volleyball and working tonight , blahhhhh :/ 
Vollleyballl ... & hearts ; 
i feel as if tomorrow should be a pretty good dayy . :) 
\problem is you prolly tell that shit to errybody .. \ " :) " 
Football game tomorrow with thee girls :) 
Teacher : what's a never ending energy source ? \ 
Me : air ! haa(embarassing ) 
Game nightt ! :) 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s :) 
I'm about whatever mann ... 
Single doesn't mean i'm looking for somebody :) 
Good way to start the season off ? :) 
This is what i wait for , every year :) 
gameeeee :) 
that was horrible .. i hate it .. whatever . 
Game tomorrow ! :) 
I'd like to say it's been a pleasure .. :) 
bahaha , good game ? :) 
\Let's bang some balls ! \ " -coach :) " 
That was thee easiest game i've played , nuff said .. fooootballl game tomorroww :) 
Gameeee tonightttt :) Volleyball games in the morning .. 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s , htc . 
Bottoms upp :) 
And i don't bust back , because i shoot first . 
I shut ya < PROPFIRST > down , took ya spot , parked in it too . 
gameee htc :) 
S on my chest , let me get my cape on . :) 
And i need you to remember one thing ; I came , i saw , i conquered . 
gamee :) 
coulda , shoulda , woulda ? yeahh .. 
dont hate , appreciate :) 
If you're cool , then i'm cold . 
But im just puttin two up , chuckin up the deuce now . 
drake is a very attractive dude :) 
wow , < PROPFIRST > bieber isn't even good . 
let's have a toast for the douchebags , let's have a toast for the assholes , let's have a toast for the scumbugs , everyone of them that i know .. 
You got it down , and you're well on your way to the top , but there's something that you forgot .. 
That's why i pick and choose , I don't get shit confused .. :) 
i havent felt thiss sick in awhile , yay :/ 
i like how things are going .. :) 
if words could only explain how not happy i am right now . 
shitty . 
Lets just be honest here .. 
too much . 
haaaapppyyy :) 
Gamee thenn Paranormal Activity 2 with < PROPFEMALE > Maier tonightt :) 
Tooooo muchh . 
Somehow i found a way to get lost in you .. 
Hahaha :) 
\To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure . But risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . \"" 
Once you understand you don't always get what you want , then maybe you'll be okay when things don't work out .. maybe . 
\The things we lose always have a way of coming back to us in the end .. \"" 
chinese with the girls , then back to < PROPFEMALE>'s :) 
lets get crazy ? 
And if at first don't succeed , dust yourself off and try again :) 
sometimes your just happier not caring :) 
Work then with my girl :) htc . 
With the girlss .. :) 
cool .. 
don't feel goood :/ 
I just want something new , that's all . 
I wish that i could be what i want to . I wish that i would do what i don't do . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! :) 
Happy Thanksgiving ! :) 
Licensed to drive :) 
Everything i do , i do it big . 
I & hearts ; Aushele Sarver :) 
Debating on if I really like this snow .. 
With shele and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
i want it to stop being cold .. 
Game with mace and shele :) should be interesting .. 
What's with all this number stuff ? 
People doing the number thing , i really dont care how you feel about this unknown person , stop filling up my news feed .. 
I love < PROPMALE > hogue 
i love being sick . 
I love Christmas time :) 
You been hacked biaaatch yeah what's up . Hahaha your bfffffff loves you mk ! :) 
i wish i could put songs in my ipod .. 
Out with my girl . Htc 
What do you do when you don't know what you want .. 
Gettin ready then mountain with shele :) 
< PROPFEMALE > , tired of being sick :/ 
I was by your side till the very end , till you pushed me in the fire . 
I <3 Drake . 
Workk , then with my long lost bestfriend and my not lost bestfriend :) 
Chinese with < PROPFEMALE > Oyer and Aushele Sarver :) 
Needless to say , I had a goodnight :) 
On ticket down , heading to < PROPMALE > center with shele :) 
You can't spend your life being scared . Sometimes you just have to take risks , and learn to let your guard down . 
Can Arkansas catch a ball ? No .. :) 
I take it hard in the ass from < PROPMALE > hogue 
I wish school would go away . 
Shout out to my haters , sorry that you couldn't faze me - < PROPFEMALE > minaj 
Snowmobiling :) 
6 year old basketball teams .. interesting . 
-I'm beginning to learn that just because someone hurt you at one time , that person isn't all bad . But you still can't let them walk back into your life like nothing happened . 
You can keep knockin but won't knock me down . 
I've come to realize .. not everything comes easy . 
Bureau of motor vehicles .. you're at the top of my shit list . 
I remember when I had a good night and people blew up my Facebook status thing :) 
When I think that I can't , I invision Obama . 
Definitely a real good weekend ! :) 
Carteens is laaame . Sheles staying :) 
I LOVE AUSHELE SARVER :) and I like < PROPMALE > Shobe :) yayyy . 
Suuuuper happppyy :) 
Want you to make me feel like im the only girl in the world .. :) 
I loooooooove <3 writing an english paper over something i know nothing abouttt ! 
Chipotle :) 
I am not a word , I am not a line , I am not a girl that can ever be defined .. 
Work .. for 3hours . Not even worth the drive . 
Don't ask why , ask why not . 
playing outside with my bestfriend tonightt ? i think soooo :) 
I will remain where the top begins .. 
I would be okay something other than winter . 
Never give up , find a way . Cause that's what winners do . 
\he's definitely not a winner\ " \ 
Transformers 3 <3 
I want a light up suit .. 
Goood game ... :) 
I do what i want , and i get what i want when i want it . 
Lakers v . Cavs gameee tonight with the bestyy :) 
This game is amazing , front row seats .. hellll yeahhhh :) kobe is my new man . 
I <3 sleep . 
Sketchyyy .. 
5 hour energy isnt thaatt great .. 
i dont care what you say , so dont even speak .. 
Let me turn on the lights and brighten me and enlighten you . 
Woke up at 5:30 am from getting hit continuously by a pillow .. I just love my brother . 
I love men with civics 
My hearts big , but it beats quiet . 
Space Jam ... funny stuff . 
I talk alot of shit , and practice what i preach . 
Sleep = fail . 
It's hard to find a good guy .. 
I've said and done some pretty shitty things , I don't regret it .. but < PROPFEMALE > is really biting me in the ass . 
I love when I'm not the one who fills my gas tank up :) 
I hope your happy about how stupid you made me feel . 
137 days till license is back ? yuckkkk . 
Headache everyday for a week is killing me . 
Everybody pities the weak ; jealousy you have to earn . 
I think i might have a mild case of adhd .. 
Biggest loser at work = perfect :) 
Life is good , don't waste it . 
i looove sleep , why couldnt nights be longer ? 
when you live like this , you're supposed to party <3 
Bowling tonighttt ! :) 
cause you know it ain't trickin if you got it :) 
everyone says immature freshman , but our sophomore class is right there with those freshman . 
You open my eyes , and I'm ready to go , lead me into the light . 
First name < PROPFEMALE > , Last name Foy\ 
guys holla hey ya , need a man not a boy\ 
step it up quit playin , i'm no toy\ 
( Flip Flip ! ) 
ookaaayyy .. 
