Making a Face Book yay .... 

Lol I need to take a pick and put it up . 
tired , more than tired and yet I can't sleep . I'm gonna try to pass out @.@ ;\ " , 2009-07-28 07:45:33 " 
2 hours away from hitting another 24 hours of no sleep , this will be the 10th day I have done this all summer . @.@ i hope i can slpee tonight -.- 
I feel like a Damn Vampire ; ; haven't slept good in 2 or 3 weeks ... 
https://waystogive.texaschildrens.org/netcommunity/AaronPillen Doin ' Extra Life in about a week , I still need sponsors . If you want to help the Texas Childrens Hospital ( For Pediatric Cancer ) please follow the link . If you don't want to donate online call me and I'll pick up your donation . Thank you . 
I feel like dog crap and i want to die because I'm alone coughing up whats left of my voice box and lungs ... 
Went to the doctor today , I have asthma ... 
Paranormal Activity = Scariest movie this year !!! Go see it !!! 
So went to California this week from Wednesday through to Friday , Drove a U-haul down . Helping < PROPMALE > move to his new living space of Patterson Ca . where he'll be working in Sunnyvale Ca . The trip was long and tenacious but we got him there ! Hopefully Him and his wife love it and Have fun when they are down there and the rest of the it is smoother than the move has been overall . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
Home from Montana ! 
It was a fun night but still leaves me a little depressed ... oh ... well ... 
Very happy atm ^^ 
13 hours at school I think is outragously long to be at school .... 
The more I keep adding to my < PROPFEMALE > Overture arrangment , the more I get nostalgic over all the time I spent with each and everyone of these games . 
School year 2009-2010 ... OVER !!! Senior year the end to a begining ... or some sort of junk they told the seniors this year ... 
You know what i wish for ... a better fucking life ... 
Yay another sleepless night , my bodies clock is so screwed up it isn't funny anymore ... and its gonna be a long day ... 
Today , i just want to give up ... I haven't slept in 2 days , I feel like someone hit me with a truck , My fathers drunk again and I'm stuck in this house ... Today sucks ... 
I am so pissed off right now , i get woken up by my landlord telling me to get all my shit off the deck ... thinking my family actually did it last night but no , and now my phone wont work . 
Hmmm ... today is gonna be fun , no sleep , cleaning + my brother is coming down , I NEED more pepsi in my system ! 
Blah , bored , tired , and nothing to do on a cloudy friday night . /yawn 
Why LP , you have forsaken me , I could deal with the feel of the catalyst , but this new one you just released ... \Waiting for the end\ " no ... just no ... you evolved into something your older fans will never like ... " 
Thank you school making everything due the same damn day , up until 2am doing homework tonight . T.T 
In absorokee montana , leaving to go back to utah in the morning , yes im missing school . has been a great trip . Thanks for Aubery for letting me come I need this time away from utah . 
Three Stevens's Essays done !!! 
Is there anything good going on tonight ? 
I've been called a lot of things in my life from being called A-ron , Air-Bear , Sexy Sasquatch , Pepsi man , and Brick-Shit House , but I've never been called Mr. Grandpa < PROPFIRST > ... O.o 
I need something to do !!!! 
Wow ... Android phones have pissed me off ... it took me an hour to fix my updating issue just because they broke a program with a new OS that hasn't even come out yet ... 
Lets take a vote ... How many of you would like to see me become Stand up Comic ? 
Why is it when ever I'm happy there's someone that has to kick me in the teeth somehow ... 
Alrighty , ill do the number thingy too since everyone's doing it ... its like crack . 
42- Kinda evolved in the last 10 or so years that I've know you been fun in some spots . All it all it was pretty cool having you around . 
BLAH ! I've felt like someone was stabbing my stomach with swords ... That is why i didn't show up for school today if anyone was wondering . 
If any of you have any idea what the FCC is doing or if you don't look it up , Obama Promised Net Neutrality and sold out to AT&T and Verizon . It is time to stand up for Freedoms we have now or we won't have them later ... 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFu ... Cannot win with that woman ... She just sits here and makes my life hell cause I'm not in the Christmas mood , or because I didn't go Christmas shopping why does my immediate family have to be this way cause I don't make a decision that benefits them ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , Even though it doesn't feel like Christmas at all ... I hope everyone is having a better and more eventful day than I will be having . 
Just made pan fired Teriyaki noodles ... they are freaking amazing ! 
I feel like someone hit me with a fucking train ... I hate being so sick that your joints in your feet hurt . 
Why do i procrastinate so much > < \ I'm gonna be up all night ... " 
-.- I need to quit staying up so damn late doing homework , next semester I've gotta change this last minute crap ... 
Wow ... I get jealous easily ... 
Now I need the new 3DS ... Portable OoT sold it . 
Soooo bored someone text me , lets do something . 
# . # why does my body hate sleep yet yell at me when I don't sleep ... 
Tonight was fun . But I'm dealing with way too much to actually enjoy it . I just love how things unravel on me at the most opportune times . 
Only the Germans would come up with a sport called extreme sitting ... 
Mmmm ... Sizzler ... oh no 5 pages of home work >.> 
Idk between the sleep deprivation , stress , and everything ; I feel like someone ran a train through me ... 
I really hate Rendering software sometimes ... stupid lights wont turn on . 
I cannot wait till the LP Concert ... i need something this week to go right . 
You know this weekend better be fun because idk how much more depressed I can fucking get . 
Sushi + LP Concert + Horrible drive home = Amazing day and night ! 
Linkin Park finally posted their download of the concert !!! :D 
Losing an hour ... i hate daylight savings ! 
It is way to hot in my room ... why is the heater going . @.@ 
I love going to the river but my ankle hurts soooooo bad ... 
