just woke up out of a daze and realized he's < PROPMALE > Rogan in Funny People , except more attractive and with a better day job :) 

Solstice badass ! 
Just spent five hours cleaning up after the asshole who used to inhabit his body . 
Electric Beatdown !!! 
What happened last night ? 
Black Friday tried to kill < PROPFIRST > and it didn't even look like his retailer broke into the black ): 
... 
has found some internet , however briefly . A wise begger tries not to be too much of a chooser ... 
is chillin ' youtubin ' it waiting on the J-man to get off so we can go terrorize OKC ! ( I very excite ) 
is chillin ' , gonna do something out of doors tonight ! 
G-Funk 
Benazir , Suu Kyi , < PROPMALE > 
ganado y herramientas solamente , ningunas opiniones , < PROPMALE > parecer 
is mother ******* enrolled ! 
is about to grab the day by the balls and get s *** done ! 
just got to see his brother PWN ! on the wrestling mat ! 
was just awoken by Jehovah's witnesses to find the City of Stillwater has disconnected his power , again : ) 
Dinnertime ! 
is feeling especially philosophical ..... 
trying ... to ... stay ... awa ... ke ..... 
didn't stay awake ..... 
As soon as the base hits your dome .... 
is so fresh and so clean , like a Bently coupe on 24's 
so damn tired ... ( yawn ) 
hates medical insurance companies . l 
may have to engage in an ugly , bloody war with BlueAdvantage Administrators of Arkansas ! ( enraged frowny face ) 
feels like crying 
would like to see a clown impacted by a pie at a medium to high velocity 
will not have a functional phone until Thursday : ) 
If you tell yourself that you shall fail , you shall . If you don't think you can , you can't . Success is a CHOICE ! Why defeat yourself ? 
Wow ! Urban dictionary pegged me perfectly ! 
Wow , Urban dictionary pegged me perfectly ! Especially the first definition : ) 
my surgeon cancelled his appointments for today , so I can't go back to work for at least another week but I need money ..... I can write papers and tutor people in some subjects ... I'm just saying . 
is off to do some partying ! 
Am I the only one around here familiar with the term \Omertà\ " ? Gossiping is not cool ! It leads to people spreading LIES about other people ! " 
Satan has blessed us with snow ! HAIL SATAN ! 
Satan has removed the snow . HAIL SATAN ! 
Mediterranean mushroom salad is actually even more delicious when it's FREE ( : 
If you don't believe it , you can't do it . There's a line between confidence and cockiness , separated by the ability to deliver ! 
This whole \being an adult\ " thing sure monopolizes your time .... " 
-Absolute advantage , absolutely . 
does NOT appreciate being treated like the average chump by OSU ..... Utterly unacceptable ! 
must .... remain .... awake ... 
I know what good is : ) 
Just met an AMAZING woman with a group of wonderful people ! 
The phrase \criminally insane\ " has very subjective meaning ... indeed . " 
Some people don't justify even their consumption of oxygen . 
doesn't like having to metabolize alcohol in the morning .... it sucks to wake up drunk : ( 
Likes waking up motivated ! 
Drinkin ' with my homies 
Crunchin ' < PROPFIRST > at the coffee shop 
has experienced a sequence of most fortunate events ! 
ponders the deeply philosophical question of if wakefulness at 6 am is indeed good , then can still being awake at 6 am be bad ? 
should probably be asleep ...... 
needs more objectivity in his life : ) 
is noticing a definite increase in his testosterone level ..... 
has reached the point of no concern .... must be the fukitol hcl 
would like some solitude ..... 
is looking for a new job ! :) 
is gainfully employed but looking for a new job ! Throw me some leads if you have any , please : ) 
wishes he was naked , far out in the woods . 
just keeps getting more ripped ! 
would hate to be someone on his family's bad side : ) 
had a crazy , awesome , crazy awesome night ! 
has total self confidence ! 
Spontaneous dance party ! 
Hip stabilizers = SORE = increase in functional power ! 
St. < PROPFEMALE>'s was a good night : ) 
office life .... ahhhhh 
was outside in nothing but shorts 18 hours ago ...... 
so much blood ... 
is SO going to enjoy this :) 
is managing some f*****g metal with the MetalManager !!! 
seems to make people uncomfortable ... 
DEFINITELY makes people uncomfortable ! 
has been eating like a grizzly .... grawr .... 
Classes attended . Check . Quiz emailed to professor . Check . Friday night . Check . PARTY TIME !!! 
Feels overwhelming benevolent gratitude ! 
thinks his brother tends to take force to the point of excess ... 
This one's for you , < PROPFIRST > . I'll never forget you . 
is cleaning out the Office of Metaljammage : ( - Damn you < PROPFEMALE > Hains , may you be damned to an eternity with Slayer in Hell !!! 
is going to sleep , alone save for the sound of cold rain against the window pane ....... 
Pole dancing is harder than it looks ! Props to those who can pull it off ! 
Mastodon ! 
has confirmed yet again that OSU exclusively hires insecure toolbags to work on the police force : ) Way to go Oklahoma Shit University ! 
My phone don't be workin , I needs a new one .... 
just remembered that he is a professional handy man with a highly diverse skill set and a need for jobs !! :) 
is maliciously annoyed for the first time in like a year !! ): Goddamn testoterone !! 
make the best of the situation ..... before you finally go insane .... 
worked out so hard that he puked ! ARGRAWAAWHA .... I bench press your face .... RAWWAWAAWG !! 
Pork Soda ! 
He that fights and runs away lives to fight another day ... 
Stripper Pole ! 
Molestache ! 
is getting LLLLLLOOOOOOOWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!! 
the day I tried to live .... 
União do Vegetal 
knows what good is :-) 
303.9 ...... 
is sore , exhausted and ready to sleep it off and do it all over again ! 
sometimes lacks insight into the cruelty of his sibling and cries . 
has gained 30 lbs . back since February ! 
drunken Irishmen brawling ! 
finds the mating rituals of the North American Homo Sapien rather confusing at times . 
has arisen with the Sun 
is fed up with returning to the cave empty handed ! 
shall eat cake . 
hates stupid apps ! 
< PROPMALE > Bates is a sore loser :) 
will work for food . 
number 3 number 1 ! 
Just what I always wanted : spam mail attempting to capitalize on my misfortune . 
ponders ....... 
possesses insomnia , or vica versa 
ventures forth yet again searching for avenues of revenue 
Is to the point of inventing activities to pass the time ......... 
\If you want to make a million dollars .... \"" 
What my name is , biatch ! 
If cows are blue , are cows red ? 
... ' cause rules are for suckers ... 
aaahhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Attitude adjustment : less hatred , more anger . Just right :) 
Boats & Hos . 
shotgun shells and chocolate milk . 
getting fkd by the long dck of the law ! 
has been working like a wage slave . 
The court system is a for profit institution . 
Das Kapital 
must pay off bursar ... 
It is not a matter of if but of when . 
Got dang bless ' merica ! 
\If children were regarded by law as the equal of adults 
Serious question : If you could buy anything and everything you want without limit , what good and/or service would you buy and is there anything you would want to buy that doesn't exist ? 
New question : What good or service do you want to buy right now that's not available to you ? 
None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free . -- Johann Wolfgang < PROPMALE > Goethe 
Guess what : < PROPFIRST > Cochrain is dead . -- < PROPFIRST > 
Gojira ! 
I love my sister . Stay strong < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Teaching myself statistics like a boss !! 
