he who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man 

he who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man . - Avenged Sevenfold 
fake and gay ! 
hey bro , your cruisin for a bruisin . 
< PROPFIRST > Clausen ....... My NIGGA !!!! 
we are young we have heart born in this world as it all falls apart . we are strong but we dont belong born in this world as it all falls apart . - hollywood undead 
fight for who you like . die for the ones you love . 
whats on your mind monkey butt ? 
you know oh nothing like running threw < PROPFEMALE > litter while playing baseball . haha or falling in a giant litter box ! 
what are the chances of being hit by a batarang ? lets ask the joker :) 
benchin 160 still havent maxed out yet but gettin close !!! 
wanna hear a rap ? 
well here is the rap\ 
idk if all boy scouts are gay\ 
they can probably tie the knot in like 50 diffrerent ways-bo burnham 
shippin up to boston !!! 
pantera , one of many awesome bands ... another well none other than MetallicA . 
ok i cant say that you are fake and gay . so you are misleading and bisexual . 
hey bor your cruisin for a bruisin ! 
hey bro your cruisin for a bruisin ! 
ninja babies !?!?!?! 
how has this come to be ?! we're out to early ! -A7x with the Rev 
destroy everything ! destroy everything ! destroy everything ! cleanse what makes us weak ! - hatebreed 
if you were dead or still alive , i dont care , all things you left behind , i dont care . - three days grace . 
i got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes . hate in my heart , love in my mind . seen nights full of pain . - Lil < PROPMALE > 
big o sophomore boys ! 
sherbert mmmmmm . :) 
you keep the sun shine , save me the rain . 
have you ever felt the sudden feeling to just go ..... punch a baby ? 
football wasnt have as bad as expected !!!!! pretty jacked for D tomorrow !!!! 
the defintion for the verb CHEIMS- to do or to act as if/ like cheims and do what he could possibly do . and yes my nickname is a verb . lmao 
I've had enough it's time for something real , I don't respect the words you speak they've gone too far . - Avenged Sevenfold- Critical Acclaim 
awesome way to start the week with a win and especially at home against knox . i did my part and so did everyone else . watch out redskins we comin for ya friday night ! 
ahhhh tits !!!! 1 
god is great , beer is good , and people are crazy . 
hey uh i think your box is a little soagy . 
Did you eat a bowl of stupid this morning ?! 
is it necessary for me to jump into a river thing to get my sandal . i think so . lmao 
LEEEEEERRRRRROOOOOYYYYYYYYY JJJJEEEEENNNNNKKINNNNSSSSS ! 
What the hell Boise St. 
How did we meet ? Copy this to your status and see who remembers . :P 
if i came to your door with blood on my clothes , scratches on my face , with a heavy trash bag , and shovels what would you do ? Leave comments below . 
This is an A-B conversation so you should C your way out of it before D jumps over E and beats the F outta you . (: 
What if a bunch of punk kids go into a < PROPMALE > and strap a bullet proof vest to a bear ? then what do you got ? Invincible bear ! 
\ you can see me ?! \"" 
I was all like < PROPMALE > RIVERS ! 
Do I have to spell this our for you ? Lmao Happy Thanksgiving . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Nevil .... are you watching spanktravision ? 
I forgot how to tie a tie ..... BALLS !!!!! 
Anyone wanna go sledding ? 
2 sleds but no one to sled with ..... 
Sledding anyone ? 
BANG YOUR HEAD !!!!!! METAL HEALTH WILL DRIVE YA MAD !!!! 
Fried bolony samiches are possibly the greatess invention . (: 
One more day then WINTERBALL !!!!!! 
Possibly the greatest night last night . 
Meet me in the mall its going down . 
I'm gonna move into the country so I can eat a lot of peaches . 
How about them Bears ? :) 
HHow do i live without the ones i love . Time still turns the pages of the book is burned . Place and time is always on my mind i had so much to say but you 
Hr so far away . 
Why dont you shave your balls you < PROPFIRST > old fart ! Lol 
No school oh yeah . 
Well I have nothing else better to do other that play call of duty and talk to my amazing girlfriend . All in all sounds like a good day to me . :) 
This sticker big and inconvient but I do love fig < PROPMALE>'s . 
Watchin boys of fall . 
WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
dont you wanna stay here a little while ? Hold each other tight . Dont you wanna fall asleep with me tonight ? 
Wish I knew . :( 
Kody- stupid stupid NOOBER TUBERS !! \ 
\ 
Litttle does he know he is a noob himself !!!! Lol 
If I sneeze one more time ......... 
We put liquid paper on a ladybug and it .... died . :) 
What do ya got ? Invincible bears ...... 
She is a nice lady !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Edelmaier = The most amazing girl ever . :)) 
Greenbean casserole = best food ever made . :) 
I told you bro , I rode the jet skis in Cabo brosephman ! 
Is currently lost on Revis Island , please leave a message after the tone . 
Balled it up with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > kills big time . Lol 
Its been 2 years , it really doesn't feel that long ago we were watching the Steelers and the cardinals and you wanting the cardinals to win . Love and miss you Grandpa . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Edelmaier = the peanut butter to my jelly , and the butter to my bread . :) 
Courage is the ability to overcome fear . 
Life is about how you take it . You can take it on the < PROPFEMALE > and keep your head up and keep going or you can just mope and whine about it . 
Tired ..... 
She said ill walk let go of my hand . Right now I'm hurt and you don't understand . Just leave don't worry I'll walk . 
