Loves air conditioning . And my boyfriend . 

Is hoping mom gets here soon with the Chicken Express ! 
I GOT INTO HAWAII !!!!!!! 
enjoying the air conditioning in < PROPFEMALE>'s house .... sad about Jacko and < PROPFEMALE > though 
Doesn't have to worry about housing in Hawaii anymore ! Yay ! 
Its rainy . I'm sleepy . 
watchin the History channel . 
Just hanging out , hoping one of the million places I've applied to this summer sticks . Please , someone , hire me ! 
Had an interview today and it went GREAT !!! Can't wait for the call back next week ! 
is pretty bummed and pretty bored 
has the bestest < PROPFEMALE > ever !! 
Really needs a job 
So being single sucks . But I get to go to the zoo Wednesday . Yay zoo ! 
Fingers crossed that someone declines iowa's offer so i can get one . Please please please please please . 
What kind of sick people leave their house and take every bottle of tylenol with them ? Stupid migraine . 
Bored bored bored 
It is super humid 
Yay ... more rain . So much for a < PROPFEMALE > weekend . 
Yay it stopped raining ! 
So i didn't get into iowa . Looks i'm stuck here for another f***ing year . Why can't i catch a break ? 
Ok so here's the plan . Step one : get a job . Step two : go shopping . 
Gonna be up till three watchin avatar . Sweetness 
I really really really need a job . Like really . Or i'm gonna have to join the military for the money . I hate the military . 
Yay i have an interview tomorrow ! 
Wish me luck everyone . I really hope i get this job . 
Yay ! Interview at the library on monday ! 
Kentucky derby ! 
How many mexicans does it take to put on a fake doorknob ? 
We just looked at the most adorable house I've ever seen . I want it . 
Man i love baking 
Its a little warm today 
Why oh why can't this day just work ? 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !!!! 
Driving range . Yeah i suck but who cares ? 
Caddied nine holes for captain shank . Stopped keeping score after the third hole . Good times . 
Its gonna be a good day everybody ! 
Ok . Rain or don't rain . Pick one . 
Start work thursday . Yay ! 
I have a feeling i am gonna love my job ! 
It totally feels like its 8:30 
I hate hate hate my neighbors ! 
Off to work 
Have i mentioned that i love my job ? 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes !! I'll be at fundady's tonight if anyone wants to buy me a birthday drink ! 
I had a grrrreat birthday ! 
Yay kiddie pool ! For the dogs of course . 
Yay new flip flops !! 
Yay i get to go to the lake tomorrow ! 
Man , work is slow today . But I don't have to work tomorrow . Yay !! 
Aaahh air conditioning 
Stupid cold . Who gets a cold in the summer ? 
Yay haircut ! 
work work work 
Stop me if i'm wrong , but shouldn't getting your teeth cleaned make your mouth feel better as opposed to making it feel like you just got punched ? 
At the drive in to see toy story 3 . And eclipse . But only to see < PROPFIRST > lautner with his shirt off . 
Yeah , < PROPFIRST > lautner shirtless . Awesome . 
Ok so it is really humid 
Aw yeah got off early 
I hate bugs ! 
How dumb is it that the illegals next door have power but the storm knocked mine out ? 
It is way too humid 
Woohoo i went grocery shopping at walmart and spent less than 100 bucks . 
Can i get a ride to hell ? Its probably cooler there . 
Movin movin movin 
I am so sick of moving 
Man am i tired 
Yay numbness 
Outside for ten minutes . Twenty mosquito bites . 
It is so nice outside ! 
Yay three day weekend ! 
Ok so i can't even get all the okc tv channels but now i'm getting Tulsa . How is that even possible ? 
Stupid chinese restaurant won't answer their stupid phone so i have to walk up there to order my stupid food then stand around like i'm stupid . 
I'm thinking of coloring my hair . Can't decide on a color though . Suggestions ? 
My cat is an idiot 
I have to get my wisdom teeth pulled the week before thanksgiving . Bring on the mashed potatoes ! 
Mmm ... fried onion burger 
Is it really that difficult to make an order exactly like listed on the menu ? 
Time to go get cute for the concert . 
< PROPFIRST > got < PROPFEMALE > drunk 
< PROPMALE > Potter marathon ! We're nerds ! 
Yay pay raise ! A whole $0.18 more per hour ! 
is freakin freezing ! 
Got tickets for < PROPMALE > potter ! 
< PROPMALE > potter was so good ! 
I hate winter 
On december 8 i will be joining the twenty first century . Hopefully . 
Yay < PROPFEMALE > festival tomorrow ! 
I'm updating my facebook from my computer ... on my couch ! Yay I have internet ! 
Ha my act is high on cheese 
Yay i almost have all my shopping done ! 
Its so nice not to need a heater on 
Just took a chunk out of my own finger . Yay me 
So glad i don't have to go to work today 
So glad I don't have to go to work 
So sick of being cold . 
Yay shopping ! 
Someone please save me from the boredom !!! 
Yay new glasses !!! And first new pic in forever !! 
Yay thursday ! Only one day until the weekend ! 
so tired of getting hit on by homeless guys who can't read a clock . 
Where did spring go ? 
Hehe .... Kansas lost 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs The World . Quite possibly the dumbest movie ever . Turning it off . 
