Showing no mercy , \ 
I'd do it again . \ 
Open up your eyes . \ 
You keep on crying , \ 
Baby I'll bleed you dry . 

understands why they named this place Touch , lol . Oww ! 
Do something amazing with your life . 
I beg you , have < PROPFEMALE > with everything unresolved in your heart . Try to love the questions themselves as if they were locked rooms or books written in a very foreign language . Don't search for the answers , which can't be given to you now , because you wouldn't be able to understand them . Perhaps someday , far in the future , you will gradually , without even noticing it , live your way into the answer . 
Don't spoil what you have by desiring what you have not ; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for . 
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent . It aint what they call you , it's what you answer to ! 
Your lips drip with ease words so eloquently wrought , while mine are stifled , strangled and silenced by a novice’s unsteady breath . 
Astoria Bound . 
It's sink or swim , baby , SINK OR SWIM !! 
Astoria bound ... again , lol . 
Is swept up in all the Jets frenzy . Go Gang Green ! lol 
sincerely grateful <3 
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was , the present worse than it is , and the future less resolved than it will be . 
RISE & SHINE , NEW YORK ! :) 
Win , Lose Or Draw , Ima STILL Rock My Yankee Fitted On Tilt !!! 
Out for a run in Central Park . 
She'll not be content in merely settling the score , but in putting you in the ground . 
Mercury Bar ;) 
Turkish Belly Dancer will be making a comeback this year ! lol Village parade , 7pm ! 
Like somebody got a doll of me ; stickin’ needles in my arteries ... but I can’t feel it . 
When men first come into contact with crime , they abhor it . If they remain in contact with crime for a time , they become accustomed to it , and endure it . If they remain in contact with it long enough , they finally embrace it , and become influenced by it . 
The things we do are not always a true measure of who we are . 
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything . 
Astoria bound ;) 
Ice Skating at < PROPMALE > Park , who's with me !!? :) 
You don't stand a < PROPMALE > , matter fact , you don't have half the stance to stand if you stood half a < PROPMALE > . 
The needs of bodies masquerade as vital needs of souls for those who speak and masquerade as someone who is whole . 
It's a hard knock life , that's for sure , just don't let yourself get too hardened by those knocks you receive in life . Cooler and sleeker on the outside , and virtually impenetrable emotionally , as you learn how not to be hurt . This can't be the way to live . That armor looks heavy ; I say we slip into something lighter . 
you're getting better at this . 
Enjoyed the evening even though nothing went as planned , haha ;) 
I owe my life to you , but for the life of me , I don't see why you don't see like I do . 
Beautiful day , NYC . Caramel Apple Spice and a light read at < PROPMALE > Park :) OWN THIS CITY !! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Secret Fashion Show tonight on CBS ! 
Halal Food !! 
The measure of a healthy relationship is not how well you can avoid conflict , but rather how well you're able to resolve it . 
< PROPFIRST > Avenue , how I've missed thee ! 
Metropolitan Museum of < PROPMALE > ! <3 
Another brisk , but < PROPFEMALE > morning here in the Big Apple . RISE & SHINE , NY ! 
It would be nice if we could put away and throw out ... everything , except what really mattered . Life isn't so kind . But -- For that which I should love , For that which gives me love , I will do anything . 
I got my mojo back , Baby . Ohh behaveee ;) 
NYC is bustling with life tonight ! Avoid 5th avenue at all costs !! You WILL be trampled by the stampede of holiday shoppers . I almost lost my life , lol . Good looks , Big Man . 
ooh , if you’re looking for real love , don’t come around here . \ 
ooh , if you’re looking for real love , it ain't here my dear . 
Astoria Bound :) 
Falafel ! 
My \Check In\ " feature isn't working !? lol \ 
hasn't had this much fun in aeons ! lol \ 
Happy Holidays , Tri-State :) 
Fali mi Ljubav\ 
a srce me salje tebi\ 
lagalo ne bi\ 
Kad si mi blizu\ 
< PROPFEMALE > pucam u nizu i gorim\ 
za usnama tvojimmm !! 
Hoboken Bound ! 
Every soul has its secret sorrows which the world knows not , and oftentimes we call a man cold , when it's only his heart that's distraught . 
Deuces ! 
RISE & SHINE , NEW YORK !! 
AND IT'S GOOOOOD !!! EXCELLENT EXECUTION BY NEW YORK'S PREMIER TEAM , JETS JETS JETS ! 
Celebratory drinks . Cheers ! 
Knickerbockers vs . Lakers . LETS GO New York !! 
Hookah Tonight ! 
Great Success ! 
\Men are more ready to repay an injury than a benefit 
Emotions are a token of the heart’s intent , \ 
but the streak on your cheek makes your heart resent , \ 
as you lament\ 
emotions misspent , \ 
Hellbent on bouncing back\ 
as you release your breath . 
< PROPMALE > Cheney needing a heart transplant is making me rethink being an organ donor . 
Perhaps he was past the stage where vile behavior was anything other than expected ; perhaps to him it was loyalty and honor that were the rare finds . 
\I'm going to hell in every religion\ " ... lmaoo " 
And if at first you don't succeed , \ 
Dust yourself off and try again . 
State of the Union address , ABC channel 7 . 
Hope floats , but drowns those who clutch on to it for too long . 
Egypt has shut down all internet , landlines and cell phones in response to anti-government protests . \ 
\ 
A gay rights activist was murdered outside his home in Uganda . \ 
A bomb attack at Moscow's Domodedovo airport has killed at least 35 people and injured more than 100 . \ 
Something probably happened on the Jersey Shore last night . \ 
Which of these stories are YOU following ? 
You might not be The One , but you're the one I want . NYC never looked so good ;) 
GANSEVOORT ;) 
Thoughts weigh too heavily to sleep lightly . 
Laundry , Vacuuming , Dusting - Anela is all things domestic today ! 
The Packers retired the Wiz Khalifa joint . Thank you . 
Monday night Mojitos ;) 
Who wants to be my < PROPFIRST > ?! ;D 
Being in a relationship is equally as undesirable as being single , haha . Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all ! ;D 
You , above all , are worthy of your love . NYC for the night ! 
I often believe that the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return . 
< PROPFEMALE > zelim te a znam\ 
da ne smem to\ 
da te volim nije sudjeno\ 
poljupci su tvoji opasni i zarazni . 
If you are a minor internet celebrity , please do not base your self-worth on likes , re-blogs or re-tweets ; that's just sad . 
Brother : \Mom 
A glance does not say anything , and at the same time it says everything . 
\You Americans are more suspicious than the French . \"" 
The people around us , even our closest friends , will always to some extent remain mysterious and unfathomable . Their characters have secret recesses that they never reveal ... 
Svašta ! 
Ironic - you been sleeping on the one that you been dreamin ' ' bout . Rise & Shine , NY ! 
At least my cubicle faces a window , haha . Beautiful day ! :) 
The person who has lived the most is not the one with the most years , but the one with the richest experiences . - Rousseau 
My head is bloody , but unbowed . 
There's nothing you can pull on me this April Fool's Day that would be worse than anything that's already happened to me this year . lol 
