My wish for 2010 ...... as I realize how much the kids have grown as people and have taught me so much ...... as much as I have taught them and then some ....... I send this wish to everyone ..... time moves too fast so for 2010 I hope we all slow down , take the time to enjoy all of the little things that pass us by every day because we allow time to move too fast . Love , happiness , friendship , health ! who could want more ? 

Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can !!! 
I am so proud of my son ! Varsity Letter for his freshman year of football ! Our guys did an amazing job this year ! GO BLAZERS !!!!!!!!! 
I have two more Amish Friendship Bread starters to give away tomorrow ..... any takers ? 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE ! On this day and every day I am truly thankful for so many things ! I am thankful for my family and friends ( who are so much a part of my family ) most of all ! I am thankful for my fiance and all of my children , the ones I gave birth to and the ones I didnt . They inspire me every day ! I am thankful for my friends who keep me going and laughing ! I love you all ! 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s s ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! HOPE YOU HAVE HAD A GREAT DAY !!!!!! 
I want to live on my farm !!!! I have decided !!! 
17 below zero with a windchill of negative 24 ........ can someone please tell me why anyone is out and about today ? 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! Hope you have a great day !!! 
Dear God , I pray for the miracle cure of cancer . In Jesus Holy name , Amen . ( 93% WON'T copy and paste this , will YOU ? ) Take time out of your busy schedule this Holiday Season and please say a prayer for this miracle ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!! 
Blazer Wrestling !!! So far so good ......... our varsity boys are currently 3-1 on the weekend at conference duals . Havent heard anything on the jv yet . GO BLAZERS !!!!!!! 
Cleaning and Decking the Halls today ! Finally !!!!!!! Have to go to Bluffs too to get secret < PROPFEMALE > stuff for work .............. am ready for school to go on break !!! 
Blazer Wrestling did a fantastic job this weekend !!!! Congrats to all our boys !!!!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Headed to run last minute errands and pick up the kids ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Just checked road report and can't get to Cheyenne ........... shopping is cancelled until Sunday ( if we can get out and if I am still sane enough to drive ) 
New Year is just around the corner ............. who is making resolutions ? and what are they ? 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
cleaning house and putting away christmas stuff 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Have a wonderful day !!!!!!!! 
One always thinks they are old at their age ........ but then Wii fit was invented .......... now you know you are much older than you ever realized ........ 
black 
i think we may be more alike than we ever suspected tasha ....... lol 
i sang to a snowman in my car because big bird is my leader and he told me to 
Death by < PROPMALE > and cheese !!! 
Laundry and yearly budget ........... doesnt get much more fun than this .......... does it ???? 
okay so < PROPFIRST > is at work ....... kids are at practice ........ nowhere to be ........ and the house is quiet .............. HELP i dont know what to do lol ................ its scary in here 
I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... ( even the ones in Heaven ) please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on profiles . ? 
zoo world friends .......... could you try to send me white tigers , < PROPFEMALE > badgers , and speckled bears PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEE 
Blazer Wrestling !!!! Varsity is off to Buffalo again today and our JV boys will be wrestling in the Lingle tourney !!! Good Luck to all our Grapplers !!!! 
Thinking I will attempt to find some motivation and head out to Lingle for the rest of the tournament . 
gotta love friends who come to the rescue and have great ideas !!!! thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Wedding dress ordered !!! Wedding plans are progressing :) 
Blazer Wrestling at home tonight !!! Come out and support our boys !!!! Go Blazers !!! 
Bought the invitations .......... the planning list is getting smaller !!! :) 
checkbooks balanced , bills written , grocery list made , now to go to the store ....... 
I think there should be a \become a fan of disliking people who have to steal pictures and put them on their pages as if they were given to them by those people !!! \ " Pretty pathetic if you ask me ! " 
Torrington High School Wrestling tonite at home !! Come out and support our grapplers !!! Go Blazers !!! 
The interesting stories our kids come up with amaze me and make me laugh ! 
Wedding Hairstyles ......... so not girlie enough to make this decision alone ....... any suggestions ? 
Okay kiddies and the young at heart ..... i am off to bed .......... sleep well everyone when you get there 
What a day ......... i wanna live in < PROPFEMALE>'s drama free bubble 
Somebody look and tell me where in the world its 5 o'clock ........ thats where I am headed 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day Everyone !! Hope everyone had a great day with their loved ones and significant others !! It was a quiet but good day here !! 
You have to love it when you can count on your family to come through in any situation ! I love my brother ! 
just short of 5 weeks til the wedding ............. i spose i ought to get on finishing the planning ............. suggestions welcome 
Pray with me everyone .................... pretty sure < PROPFEMALE > is gonna kill me anytime now 
One month from tomorrow ......... think we are on final countdown LOL 
State Wrestling starts today ! Good luck to all our boys competing ! GO BLAZERS ! 
Wedding is officially one month from today ! Going to pick up my dress this weekend ! Thats right people I said I would wear a dress and I will follow through ! 
First round action for Torrington Blazer Wrestling . 103 < PROPMALE > Phillips lost , 112 < PROPMALE > Herrera lost , 112 < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > lost , 119 Lisandro Durham lost , 125 < PROPFIRST > Cearns won , 
Progress has been made . I have the dress . I have the flowers . We have the rings . Need to make a trip to the post office and then I think we will be ready ! 
Lots of other stuff to do today . Housework , laundry , farm work ( at the real farm Lol ) . I think I should start with coffee !!! 
Happy Monday everyone ! Of course I know most of us aren't happy about the snow but am sure if we think about it we all have people in our lives that make even the snow seem not so bad ! I am blessed with fantastic kids , a terrific guy , wonderful friends and family ! I will try to remember that as I am grumbling about the snow ! 
Question of the day .......... if obesity is a disease can I call in Fat to work ? my son just asked me this question .......... funny because he is such a twig ......... but a fair question all the same 
The birds are singing ........ the sun is out ......... spring is in the air ......... lets just hope it lasts ! Happy Tuesday everyone ! 
It's daughter week ... if you have one or more daughters , who make your life interesting , and fun , are blessings in your life , and make your life worthwhile , copy and paste this to your status ... The world would not be the same without our BEAUTIFUL girls ... We love you ... You have definitely made our lives interesting ! And lots of fun ! 
Sunday Night ......... enjoy it folks ! We go back to work tomorrow . :) 
I hate when you get an owie and dont know how you got it ! 
Good Morning Everyone ! Have a Terrific Tuesday ! 
Today we learned that the kids ' great grandmother < PROPFEMALE > passed away . She was a wonderful lady and will be greatly missed . We send our love to < PROPFIRST > and the rest the family as they deal with this tremendous loss . 
Wedding is two weeks from today ! < PROPFEMALE > did a great job on my hair this morning ! < PROPFEMALE > is gonna play dress up with me today so we can figure out hair and makeup . Not sure I will ever be the same after all this LOL 
Just spent 10 hours making the jewelry for the wedding !! Hoping to put up pics tomorrow maybe . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! You are amazing ! 
Good Morning ! Have a great saturday everyone ! 
Just back from shopping . More stuff for the wedding ...... oh yeah and a few groceries too LOL 
cleaning cleaning cleaning ....... does it ever end ? 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for taking the pictures of the jewelry for the wedding and moving them on here for me !!!! You are awesome ! 
Happy Monday Everyone ! Full day on tap today ...... school(work ) of course , farming to be done , Wrestling Banquet tonight , housework as usual ........... and I am sure a few things I have forgotten ! Have a great day ! 
The hardest lesson a parent learns is which battles to fight for your child and which battles they have to fight on their own but I do wish some of the people in their world would wisen up to the hard feelings they have caused and continue to cause . 
Blazer Wrestling Banquet was tonite . Lots of awards . Every single one of our wrestlers had earned enough points to letter !!!! They are an amazing group . What a season !! Congrats to all of our boys and managers , especially < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Kae . 
Beautiful day outside ! Choir concert tonite for both kids ! Work day done ! All in all I would say its a good day ! Hope everyone else is having a good one too ! 
10 days and counting ! With love and weather like this who could get cold feet ? LOL 
Home from choir ! The kiddos did good as usual ! Am a proud momma ! 
Its Wednesday everyone . I hope everyone has a good day . I am currently debating going to work and suffering through or calling in and hoping some extra sleep will kill this headache and sinus pressure ! 
Oh goodness ! Konne just reminded me its St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day . Now I have to find something green ! Thanks Konne . Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Everyone ! 
Hell hath no fury like a ticked off Mom with a cause ! 
Ahhhhhhhh a cup of coffee , shoes off , just contemplating the day LOL 
Note to self and others : If you were silly enough to allow your high school friends to sign your yearbooks and didnt censor what they wrote then do NOT be foolish enough to leave them on the bookshelf where a bored teenager may come across them and decide that reading is fun ! 
< PROPFIRST > is grilling steaks ........ lucky lucky me 
Good Morning and Happy Thursday Everyone ! Hope everyone has a great day and remember sometimes we have to use our outloud voices to get the right things accomplished so go forth and speak your mind ! :) 
Wedding countdown , one week from today ! Crunch time . Have a wonderful Friday and ignore the snow ! 
Happy Saturday Everyone ! 6 more days til the wedding ! Beautiful day for spring cleaning ! 
5 more days and counting til the wedding ! Spring is officially here ! Kids and < PROPFIRST > are helping with all the spring cleaning ( today we are doing carpets ) and havent complained at all ! Life doesn't get much better than this ! 
I think its funny when people don't get they aren't liked but people are nice because they don't want to offend someone else ! 
Okay I am caving for the day done or not ! Thanks to my kids and < PROPFIRST > for all their help this weekend . 
Happy Monday Everyone ! 4 more days and counting til the wedding ! Still lots to do but am confident it will all get done ! Have a great day ! 
3 more days til the wedding ! Dealing with last minute challenges of lost reservations etc but think all has been worked out the best it can be . Can't wait til Friday ! Hope everyone has a Terrific Tuesday and that the rain stays just that and doesn't turn to snow ! 
Two more days and counting ! Half day at work today and then off til Monday ! Have a great wednesday everyone ! 
Good Morning and Happy Thursday Everyone ! Wedding is tomorrow ! I have a fun-filled day ahead . Have a bit of housework to do but then am meeting my girls < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for lunch , I am getting manis and pedis with < PROPFEMALE > after school , and am hoping to get to take < PROPFIRST > to dinner for some Mom/Son time if we get done early enough that he isnt starving to death or late enough that he is ready to eat again :) 
Just got back from lunch with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Korissa ( adorable adorable ) , and Levi ........ although he didnt wear a dress LOL ! I am a very lucky woman to have such great friends and family !!! 
Good Morning Everyone ! Today is the Day !!!! Everyone is still sleeping at the moment and I am having a very much needed cup of coffee while I try to remember where I put the umbrella ......... looks like I will need it this afternoon ! 
Good Morning Everyone ! < PROPFIRST > and I would like to thank everyone who helped with the wedding and were there with us to celebrate our special day ! It meant a lot to both of us ! A special thanks to all my kids who made the day extra special ! And a message to Korissa ........ we have your pine cones ! 
Okay Okay I know people are waiting to see pics of the wedding but here are the facts ......... we havent seen any pics yet except the few that were on my camera and the few that were on my parents camera and have to say at the moment those would be great for advertising why eating disorders work !! NOT GOOD !! We had two other photographers at the wedding and we are hoping that they got some good shots ! 
Happy Sunday everyone ! We are just hanging out at home today relaxing ! Was a great weekend with friends and family ! We are truly blessed to have such amazing people in our lives . 
Back to reality tomorrow ! Had a great afternoon though ...... we took the kids out to the lake for some nonproductive but relaxing fishing . The kids were quite entertaining with their song parodies , imitations and off the cuff comments ! They are so great ! Some great quiet time tonight . Watched tv and just kicked back while the kids caught up with friends ! A+ day all around ! 
Happy Monday Everyone ! Hope everyone has a great week ! We only have three days of school this week ! Yayyyyyyy ! 
So the good news is there are a few good pics so far ! We will be getting them soon ! Hoping to find a few more ! 
I'm a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , a comforter and more . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off , I work through the day and some of the night , I am under paid and over worked .. now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a MO 
YAYYYYYYYYY got some of the better pics !! Am excited that we got some better ones !! 
Profile pic for all the wonderful nags in my world ! Love you guys ! 
I did not want to do anything today ! I think students and staff alike are ready for the break ! One more day . 
Good Morning Everyone and Happy Wednesday ! Hope everyone has a wonderful day ! 
Before you were conceived , I wanted you . Before you were born , I loved you . Before you were a minute old , I would die for you . You are my child . This is the miracle of life . Put this on your status , if you have a child or children you love more than life itself ! 
Yayyyyyy five days off for the holiday !! Gonna go to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow then 4 days of R and R here at home with kids and hubby ! 
It gets old when as a mom I can't explain why some of the adults in my children's world act more childish and mean than the teenagers in their world do ! The best I can come up with is \I don't know and you can't let it bug you\ " but even that is wearing thin with all of us ! " 
Good Morning Everyone ! Have a great day ! I am off to < PROPFEMALE > to do paperwork and a bit of shopping with < PROPFEMALE > ! Should be a good day ! 
Home from < PROPFEMALE > . Got all the paperwork done ! Got some cool jewelry stuff and a vase etc for the wedding flowers . Made it through the storm down there ....... they have snow ...... thank goodness its only rain here ! 
Gillette , WY : buried a 19 yr . old < PROPFEMALE > here today , he gave this country his life !?????? If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . This should appear in everyones status . Please do this for the ones that make this the Home of the Free because of the Brave !!!! ?????? God Bless < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Happy Friday Everyone ! < PROPFEMALE > has an appt to get her ankle rechecked this morning . Kids are dying eggs with friends this afternoon . Just gonna < PROPFEMALE > out and enjoy the day ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Back from the Dr. < PROPFEMALE > is scheduled for surgery next Friday . Not exactly what we wanted to hear at this appointment but better to get it fixed than to continue with all the treatments that havent been working for her . 
Enjoying a quiet evening at home . Made a necklace to replace the broken chain on my St. < PROPFIRST>'s medallion . < PROPFEMALE > would be so proud LOL 
< PROPFEMALE > was very impressed with herself when we got the crutches out and she needed them adjusted a whole 2 inches since the last four years LOL You go girl ! 
We are out to dye easter eggs with friends ! Should be fun to watch the big kids be little kids for a couple hours ! 
Home from coloring eggs . We had a blast . The kids had us in stitches the whole time . Got some pics that I will post sometime hopefully before the weekend is out . 
Good Morning and Happy Easter Everyone ! Hope everyone enjoys the day with their families and friends ! 
Just finishing a few last minute details and then out to have Easter Dinner at the Miller Homestead ! Very excited about < PROPFEMALE > cooking ..... oh yeah and cheesecake LOL 
Home from dinner ! Was awesome but now am full full full full and need a nap desperately ! 
< PROPFIRST > has the right idea ...... instead of lying around dying from all the food today he is wii fittin it ! Gotta love that kid's motivation ! 
Happy Monday Everyone ! Had a great weekend with family and friends ! Going to use today to run some much needed errands , catch up on housework , and get ready for the week . Its back to school tomorrow for the final push to the end of the school year ! I hope the kids are ready to work ! 
Why are people so easily offended when something simple with a simple explanation is expressed ? Especially when no offense is obviously meant . What is it in our nature to make everything about us instead of the person who is expressing their wishes ? 
Happy Tuesday Everyone ! I hope everyone has a great day ! Its back to work today and then I think I will head out to the farm for the first time since a couple weeks before the wedding ........ am looking forward to getting out there and working with the horse etc . 
Home from school ! Been fighting the headache from hell all day ........ not sure I will make the farm :( Got more paperwork done on all the name change stuff today :) ( by the way changing your name takes an act of Congress ) All in all a good day except for the headache . Spaghetti for supper for kids and hubby ..... rice for me ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I got a new bead catalog in the mail today ......... its like watching dollars head out the window ! But fun fun fun ! 
< PROPFEMALE > made a very pretty necklace tonite ! Was fun watching her work and plan and do ! Think this is gonna be a great hobby ....... thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I am not overjoyed to see snow on my grass and mudpuddles that will take forever to go away because of the construction mess . Could use for the coffee to brew a < PROPMALE > quicker ........... I need some fortification . 
I am so sick of this headache !!! Nothing is working !!! 
took a bath ...... laid on the couch ........ took more meds ........ watched a movie ( by the way Precious was a great movie ) and my head still hurts ! Hopefully tomorrow its better ! 
The headache from hell is here to stay ! Going back to bed as soon as I get the kids off to school ! 
Why is it the construction guys are only busy ALL day when I am home with a headache ? Would take a miracle to get them to work this long and hard any other day of the week . 
Took < PROPFEMALE > out to the holel with my parents to relax in the hottub a bit before bed ! She is nervous about tomorrow but hanging in there . I am finally feeling a < PROPMALE > better ...... lets hope it continues ...... need to be in top form for my girl tomorrow ! 
Happy Friday Everyone ! Surgery day for my < PROPFEMALE > girl ! She is less than motivated to wake up and get going .......... who can blame her ! Will keep everyone posted as best I can throughout the day . Have a great day ! 
Home from the hospital ! Surgery went well . < PROPFEMALE > is having some difficulties with the anesthesia and will be on oxygen until tomorrow at a minimum . She was quite a trooper and has done great ! Keeping on top of the pain and getting her O2 sats up is our big goal for today and the next couple days ! 
< PROPFEMALE > had a great night ! Pain is under control . Will < PROPFEMALE > out for a few more hours then will go to the hospital to get her O2 levels checked and hopefully she can come off the oxygen . Its a beautiful morning ........ last nights rain has everything green and pretty this morning . 
Home from the hospital . < PROPFEMALE>'s oxygen level is back up and holding where it needs to be and her bp is down closer to where it should be . She is having some pain but is managing it well . Good News ! what a tough cookie ! 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > have been such a big help during this time with Jodi ........ they run and do and keep us in what we need and don't complain and run and do some more and still don't complain ! I have such a great husband and son ! Thanks also to my parents and my friends who have helped out or sent happy thoughts , good wishes , and prayers ! We are very lucky ! 
Happy Sunday Everyone ! We are into < PROPFEMALE>'s second day out of surgery and she continues to be one of the toughest cookies I have ever met . She is determined to go to school tomorrow Due to the weight of her splint and the distance she would have to cover in the school she will be using a wheelchair during school hours . I am so proud of her !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > wants some air ........ getting a bit of cabin fever so we are relocating to the porch for a bit . We sorted some of the jewelry stuff earlier and are going to work on some new pieces tonite . 
< PROPFEMALE > resting well again ...... was beautiful outside ..... she had a big smile sitting out there . Burgers on the grill tonite ....... Mike is quite the grill master :) Am going to run over to a friends to see their new furniture and trade out some movies for the < PROPFEMALE > girl . All in all a good evening ahead ! 
Been a busy evening . < PROPFEMALE > made her bear that < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > bought her while I made a necklace for < PROPFEMALE > . Need to finish < PROPFEMALE>'s bracelet so I can get them sent off tomorrow . Then if I get time I am going to make one more necklace tonite . < PROPFEMALE > stopped by to say hello and the guys took the dogs for a run . 
MMMMmmmmmmm coffee ! 
Procrastinating on getting ready for work ! None of the grownups slept well last night and am dragging now . Wish it was my busier day at work so I wouldnt feel sleepy all day ! 
< PROPFIRST > Morrison - Into the Mystic ........ showing my age and lovin it LOL 
If you have a husband that makes you laugh , that you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down and a man that you are thankful for every night , then copy and paste this to your profile .... I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > did well at school today ! Pain is manageable but it wiped her out pretty good . She came home and slept several hours . She is a bit hestitant to try it again ...... guess we will see what morning brings . 
Well ...... it must be official ........ all the appropriate government agencies and my bank say my last name has changed LOL 
thinks sometimes the key to creating something is knowing when to walk away from it when it takes on a life of its own ............... 
Happy Thursday Everyone ! Too many things going on both good and not so good to put it all in here today so will just wish everyone to have a wonderful day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > cant wait to see the dr in the morning . Something lighter to lug around than that big splint . She has done so good this week , we are so proud of her !!!! 
Cant begin to tell you how appreciative I am of the Torrington Dentists who have been so helpful and willing to put my health above the almighty dollar -NOT ! And people talk shop at home , part of the reason I struggle to do business in Torrington is people are rude and unhelpful ! Happy Friday Everyone and sorry I am so crabby ! 
Am working on sending pics of < PROPFEMALE>'s appt to my email at the moment ! Will post in a bit . She is out of the big splint and into a regular cast which weighs much less and is lots more comfortable ....... and we were even able to make a close match with her prom dress :) Dr. says she is doing great ! 
Happy Monday Everyone ! I will be off to the dentist ( Finally !!! ) today . Had a quiet weekend on the couch and the kids and < PROPFIRST > took great care of me ! They are awesome ! Hope everyone has a great day and week ! 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > again today to get more dental work done ! Hopefully this will be it and will fix the problem ....... I am tired of the pain and need to get refocused on other things that are getting ignored while I deal with this mess ! Thanks to all my friends who have helped out and to my family who have been so good to me while I deal with this ........ 
Well it appears that I am going to live through this mess . I still have some swelling and sensitivity but the dr. says that should be gone within a few days ( two weeks at the outside ) . On some of the meds a few more days and then should be good to go . Am ready to go back to work and get on with life ! 
Happy Wednesday Everyone ! Its back to work for me today ... Yayyyyy ! Lots to catch up on . Will be focusing mostly on paperwork and stuff like that today and hopefully will get everything all set for the rest of the school year . Hopefully going to get < PROPFEMALE>'s jewelry for prom done in the next few days and things caught up around the house too . 
Good Morning Everyone ! Do you ever wake up from a dream and think to yourself \ oh dear if that actually happens today its gonna be a longggggggg day ? \ " LOL Have a great Thursday everyone ! " 
Happy Friday everyone !!!! We made it !! 
Happy Friday afternoon everyone ! Busy weekend ahead . Gotta make a trip to bluffs for groceries and supplies and stuff for prom and pictures and maybe some garden stuff . Have to go to the farm . Getting family pics done on Sunday . Play at the school tomorrow night . Should be fun all in all . 
Welcome to the Weekend Everyone ! Having coffee and writing the grocery list ..... any suggestions ? 
Made a flying trip to bluffs . Have to go back tomorrow because I had some stuff come up this morning and couldnt go as early as planned which is fine cause it was a madhouse over there LOL . Off the THS musical here shortly ...... making sure I bring my tissues ...... its senior night and a sad/happy reminder of the talents that will be moving on to bigger and better things ! 
Congratulations to the cast and crew of TW2 : < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s Excellent Adventure ! You guys are amazing ! Great show ! Fun Fun Fun ! 
Good Morning and Happy Sunday to Everyone ! Family pics today . A trip for groceries ( or we will all be on the NO food diet ) . Housework and Yardwork I hope . And who knows we may blow it all off ( cept the pics ) to go fishing or something .......... one can never tell what might happen ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for the 9th time , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , but same sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? REALLY ?? Copy and paste if you agree . 
Back from pictures and going to bluffs for groceries . Had grand plans for the day but am thinking I might take a nap before I tackle anything else . 
Happy Monday Everyone ! Hope everyone had a good weekend ! Ours was pretty busy but I did manage to sneak in a short nap yesterday . < PROPFEMALE > and I almost have her necklace for prom made ........ some minor adjustments to make on the last strand . Then its on to headband and bracelet . Cant wait to see the pictures < PROPFEMALE > took yesterday ! She is great ! Have a great week ! 
Home from work ! Was a surprisingly busy day . < PROPFEMALE > is back to crutches until friday ... she is not happy ! Hopefully we can finish her prom necklace tonite to cheer her up . Wish the weather would warm up and the wind would die down so we could spend our afternoons outside without freezing . 
Happy Tuesday everyone ! As we go out there and face the world today remember that absolutely everything happens for a reason and even though we don't always know why in the moment everything will become clear in time . Have a wonderful day ! 
Have a wonderful Wednesday everyone ! Good luck to my < PROPFEMALE > girl and all of our juniors today on the ACT ! 
One more day til weigh in ! So far so good ! 
Click \like\ " if i have ever made u smile . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile . ( : " 
Happy Thursday Everyone ! If your week has been anything like mine then you feel like you have been doing aerobics for days ...... gotta love the burn ....... but you are really looking forward to the weekend or the cool down portion of your workout ! Have a great day ! 
Home from the meeting both < PROPFEMALE > and I lost so was good !! Proud of you < PROPFEMALE > girl ! 
TGIF !!! 
Yayyyyyyy its officially Friday !! 
Quiet mornings and coffee ! Gotta luv em ! 
Happy Monday Everyone ! Hope everyone has a great week ! 
Happy Tuesday Everyone ! Its official , when I woke up this morning my spring cold had arrived , ears , throat , headache , the whole < PROPFEMALE > and kaboodle ! So we are shifting into mind over matter mode and our mantra is \I am not sick and I am not missing anymore work this year\ " to be repeated until it works or I die ! Have a great day everyone ! " 
If your Mother is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your mother still with you , or if she is in heaven now , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mother and love her lots ... (¯`* • . ¸ , ¤°´`°¤ , ¸ . • *´¯) ? I love my mother !!! 
Wonderful Wednesday Everyone ! We are half way there ! 
What a good kid ...... james just walked with me and one of the dogs over to the school to get something I forgot ...... cant wait for < PROPFEMALE > to come out of the cast so she can go too !! 
A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . And pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one 
Happy Thursday Everyone ! We are almost there ! 
Its Friday ! Time is flying ! Hopefully the weekend slows down a bit but not likely with both kids off to prom . Thanks to the parents that are hosting the dinners and parties before and after ! Is amazing how fast they grow up ! < PROPFEMALE > and I both had great weighins last night ...... the competition is officially on :) Have a great day everyone ! 
WE made it ! Its officially Friday !! 
MMMMMMM Coffee ........... Nectar of the Gods !!!! Happy Saturday Everyone ! 
Good Morning Everyone and Happy Mother's Day ! I was looking through my friends list to send Mother's Day Wishes to the great Moms in there and realized that there were so many that it would take all day to send messages to them all ............ I am truly blessed with so many great women who inspire me as mothers ! I hope you all enjoy your day ! 
Happy Monday Everyone ! I don't know about everyone else but I could use another weekend this morning . This last weekend was great ! Kids enjoyed prom , I got beautiful flowers for Mothers Day and we enjoyed a quiet day at home ! Can't ask for more than that ! 
Home from the Choir concert ! The kids were amazing as usual ! Vidoes to follow some time this week along with prom pictures ! 
Happy Tuesday Everyone ! I hope everyone has a terrific day ! 
The month of May and predictions for Winter Storms ? Come on Really ? Is this necessary ? 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a \ 
man wishing he could talk softly to her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND\ 
and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how \ 
wonderfu lshe is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he \ 
could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man \ 
stealing smiles from her . . Post this on your wall if you're against \ 
Domestic Violence . 
Just in case anyone was wondering ......... Sourcegas is a business run by liars and cheats !!! If you have the < PROPMALE > to switch companies do it NOW run as fast as you can !!! 
Well its Wednesday ! I refuse to say happy wednesday when its well into May and there is snow on the ground ! We do NOT live in the artic circle or antartica or anywhere like that so this is plum ridiculous ! Not a happy girl today ........ especially when I have to deal with those idiots at SourceGas should they ever decide to actually answer a phone ! 
Happy Thursday Everyone ! Its going to be a crazy busy day but hopefully one of the most rewarding ones that I have had in awhile ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > for your help , thoughts , ideas for this afternoon's event ! It was much appreciated ! 
TGIF ! Another busy day ahead ! Tons to catch up on at work as usual and then I am taking < PROPFEMALE > to get her cast off ! She is sooooooo excited ! Then back to work for awhile and then it will officially be Friday !!!!!!! Cant wait ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is officially cast free ! We are home to clean up her leg a bit and then back to school ! Yayyyyyyy ! Five weeks in the brace before we can even start PT . Walking is the only PT she can do for now . Her progress has been great and its our hope she continues to do so well ! 
Its officially Friday !!!! Be safe and have some fun everyone ! 
Off to take a walk with the kiddos !!! 
I think I am going to send the < PROPMALE > to Verizon for my landline installation ! Obviously I need one if Verizon is going to continue to go down and be unreliable ! Ridiculous ! Wrong for me to expect the service I pay for ( and god forbid dont pay for on time ) to be down this often ! I don't ask for much but when I pay for a service I do expect it to work or atleast be compensated for when it doesnt !! 
Good Morning Everyone ! I hope everyone takes a moment today to < PROPFEMALE > what we all have because I for one know that there are people out there who have it way worse than I do and are dealing with things and pain and grief beyond my comprehension . I am very lucky to have the the family and friends that I do ! Have a great day everyone !! 
Its Monday again ! Busy week at work ahead . I hope everyone has a great day and week ! 
Home from work ! Was a busy day as predicted ! Got great news for the summer ! Am going to change clothes and then enjoy this beautiful sun and mow the lawn while the sun lasts ! 
Happy Tuesday Everyone ! Slower day at work today ..... paperwork , uggg ! Wonder if it will stay nice or if we will get the predicted rain ..... i could use the sun but the lawn needs the rain ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Happy Wednesday Everyone ! We are inching closer to the weekend all the time ! Another busy day at work ahead . Then hopefully the weather clears enough to get a long walk in today . I got a short one in yesterday before the storms hit but not enough . Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Prom pictures came in today ! They are really cute ! 
Happy Thursday Everyone ! More packing up classrooms and desks today . Then weigh-in tonite . Have a great day everyone ! The weekend is almost here . 
We are getting there ! Got some of mine own packing done today along with some plans for my fall kids .... hard to believe how fast this semester has gone ! Weighins in a bit .... we are going to take advantage of the nice weather change and walk up there and back ! 
Good Morning Everyone ! It will officially be Friday in a few hours , I hope everyone has fun plans for themselves for the weekend ! Congratulations to all the seniors graduating this weekend and a special congratulations to all the parents and educators who helped those seniors get to where they are today without you they wouldnt be as successful as they are ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Its officially Friday !! Finished the day at work and got my walk in already ! Let the weekend begin ! 
Happy Saturday everyone ! Looks to be a beautiful day so far . Have to make a trip to bluffs today and much to my children's dismay we are also cleaning today ....... such sad widdle faces ...... they will live LOL Hope everyone has a great day ! 
If you and I woke up in jailtogether ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? ( If youleave a comment , you gotta copy this into your status . Fair is fair ) 
Graduation was awesome ! So proud of all our seniors this year ........ with a special shoutout to < PROPFEMALE > Smith who has always been amazing and remains that way !!! Em you did great !!!!! Not sure I am up for dealing with < PROPFEMALE>'s graduation ........ gonna be a crying mess I am sure ! 
Good morning everyone and yes like it or not it is Monday yet again ! Its back to packing up desks etc . and finalizing end of year paperwork and so on . Hope everyone has a great day ! 
a little over two mile walk .......... first mile into the wind ( felt like a hundred ) ......... second mile had to practically run to keep from falling over LOL pretty comical 
Happy Tuesday Everyone ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
One kid stayed after school ........ one kid went with Mike ......... its eerily quiet here ! 
Good Morning Everyone ! Have a great day ! 
Happy Thursday Everyone ! Last day of the regular school year ! YAYYYYYYYYYYYY Am looking forward to a few days off before I go back for the summer programs . Yesterday was a great day ( other than the eye dr bit ) . Got to see some pretty amazing things and then had a blast with my co-workers at the annual golf tourney and bbq . Was great fun all the way around ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Headed out to the lake for a few hours today to spend some quality time with friends and family ! Blue skies and sunshine ! Can't ask for more than days like these ! 
Happy Tuesday .... even happier now that the net is back up ! Lots of stuff to do around the house this week . Had a great time at the lake over the weekend . Was great to be out with friends and family ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Happy Wednesday everyone ! Still working on things around the house and planning for the weekend . Have a great day everyone ! 
Happy Friday Everyone ! A trip to bluffs today to get stuff for the weekend and catch atleast part of a baseball game ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Headed to the lake later this morning ! Looking forward to family and friend time . Lets hope any storms miss us . I don't mind the clouds but dont want rain and wind . < PROPFEMALE > and I are coming in from the lake tomorrow morning to complete a 5k with our weight watchers group and then are headed back out there for the day . Have a great weekend everyone ! 
Home from the lake ! Had a fantastic time with family and friends . Was a nice way to end my short break from work ! 
Happy Monday Everyone ! Its back to work for me today ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Happy Wet Tuesday Everyone ! Its definately damp out there ....... still sprinkling this morning . I just got back from taking the kid to weights ...... wish I had his determination ! Both kids are off to camp for the next few days later this morning . Going to be very quiet around here ..... Have a great day everyone ! 
Happy Wednesday Everyone ! Woke up to a fried keyboard .... not a happy girl .... imagine hubby will be less than happy when he realizes I stole his until I can go get one LOL . Very quiet around here with the kids gone ... a good and a bad thing I think ! Not real sure I will be good at the empty nest thing when the time comes . Hope everyone has a great day ! 
From all the comments I read this morning apparently I slept through all the storms last night . I didn't hear a thing ! Tonights weighin is gonna be ugly I am sure .... have eaten horribly , have pms , and havent worked out in a few days ! Gain Gain Gain ! :( Have a great day everyone ! :) 
Happy Friday Everyone ! This week flew by fast ! Kids will be home tonite YAYYYYYYYYY ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Blackberry Smoothies Rock ! And for you \weight watchers\ " out there they are only 3 points and one serving is huge !!! " 
Okay so I get that \moisture\ " is a good thing .......... but really can't we have just a little bit of sun even ? " 
Okay so peach smoothie for breakfast is a nice change from the blackberry and quite yummy but I think I like the blackberry better ....... wonder if they would be yummy together ? 
Well here we are at Monday again ! I was hoping to wake up to a touch of sunshine but all I see are clouds :( The sun has to come out eventually right ? Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Please keep Nyana , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > and their family in your thoughts and prayers while they deal with the greatest loss any family can know . < PROPFIRST > Sims was an inspiration to us all and will be greatly missed ! 
For those who haven't heard the funeral and viewing to celebrate the life of < PROPFIRST > Sims are as follows : The viewing will be held at Colyer's Funeral Home on Friday evening from 5-7 and the funeral will be Saturday at 2pm at the EWC Auditorium . It has been requested that we all wear Bronco colors . Please pass this information on . 
Happy Tuesday everyone ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Been spending my evening teaching my son to drive a < PROPMALE > transmission ! The whiplash has been minor ......... good job kid !!!! 
Happy Thursday Everyone ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Happy Friday Everyone ! Yes its true Its here again ! :) Hope everyone has a great day and weekend !! Good Luck to < PROPFEMALE > tonight as she competes in the Jr. Miss pageant ! :) 
Happy Father's Day to all the great dads out there . I am blessed with a wonderful father whose has always been there for me . And my family is blessed with some great stepdads , dads who started out as friends , brothers who dont mind acting like overprotective dads , and just some all around great guys ! I hope they all have a wonderful day and know how special they all are ! 
Happy Monday Everyone ! I hope everyone has a great day and for those that we know are suffering with loss during this time please keep them in your thoughts and prayers as you go about your day ! 
Happy Tuesday everyone ! It looks to be another beautiful day ! I hope everyone has a terrific day !!!!! 
Happy Wednesday Everyone ! A word of advice for everyone .......... Do NOT Do NOT NOT NOT use Hotels.com to book reservations EVER !!!!!! Learn from my mistakes !!!! Have a great day everyone ! 
Happy Thursday Everyone ! < PROPFEMALE > will be home tonite from her leadership conference ! Hope she has had a great time ! It's almost the end of another week ........ I cannot believe how fast this summer is moving along ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Happy Friday Everyone ! Thank Goodness for persistance . Finally three days later Hotels.com and USBank have finally gotten their acts together and fixed the mess they made ! Please keep < PROPFIRST > and her family in your thoughts and prayers today as they gather to say goodbye and honor < PROPMALE > ! He will be greatly missed ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Went and saw Grownups with hubby ! Funny flick ! Was a good time . 
Good Morning and Happy Monday Everyone ! Quiet weekend here , got a few things accomplished over the weekend , nothing too dramatic . < PROPFIRST > gets home tomorrow :) . < PROPFEMALE > was a great help yesterday after she got home ... Thanks Sis ! Have a week off from ESY so am only working afternoons this week . Have a great day everyone ! 
Talked to Mom this morning .... am very excited . It sounds like more of my family than I had planned on for the reception will be able to make it here after all ! :) On a sad note the power source in my computer died so I am stuck sharing hubby's computer until we can get a power source and get it fixed . 
Happy Saturday Everyone ! BBQ with friends today ! Should be quite fun ! 
Happy Monday Everyone ! Its back to full days for me this week . 3 more weeks and then some summer vacation for me . We are looking forward to our weekend away this coming weekend though . We had a fun weekend with friends and family , hope everyone else did too ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Good Morning Everyone ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Taking a day off of work to try and not pass this bug or bugs I have on to everyone else ! Hope I feel better before our < PROPMALE > trip tomorrow ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Good Morning and Happy Friday Everyone ! We are off to < PROPMALE > this morning for the weekend !!!! My stomach is better from yesterday and I am choosing to ignore my ears and throat complaining and am determined to have a blast with the kids and < PROPFIRST > !!! Have a great day and weekend everyone ! 
Enjoyed our day tremendously ! The kids revisited childhood at Casa Bonitas and we shopped and swam and had an all around good time . We are headed to Elitch's in the morning ! 
Good Morning and Happy Monday ! The < PROPMALE > trip was a blast ! Now its back to school and work for everyone :( We need a day or two to recuperate from the trip ! 
Yayyyyyyy its Friday ! Hope everyone has a great day and fun planned for the weekend ! 
Happy Saturday Everyone ! I am headed to < PROPFEMALE > today to get a couple of things for the reception ! Its gonna be a hot one so everybody wear your sunscreen and have a fabulous day !!!! 
Happy Sunday Everyone ! Hope everyone is having a great weekend ! Just gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with the fam today ........ maybe head out for some fishin later . Tomorrow starts my last week of summer school for ESY and Migrant ! 
Sharing computers is no fun ....... hope my power source gets here soon . Trying out a new phone today .... not sure I like it . Had a great weekend . < PROPFIRST > is doing really well with driving my car and had some girl time with < PROPFEMALE > today .... I let her dye my hair . Now its back to work in the morning and meeting for a rest of the summer job tomorrow evening . 
Good Morning Everyone .......... yep you guessed it ...... its ONLY Tuesday !! This may turn out to be the longest week ever ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Evening everyone ! So I think I have made a decision ..... the writing continues ..... with a serious change of plan ....... I am tired of writing the same ol same ol and have decided to write a tell all ......... LOL ........ are any of you nervous ? 
2 more days of work then down to an hour or two a day til we go back to school ......... am excited to have some time at home with the kids and enjoy whats left of the summer . I have really enjoyed working for both programs this summer but I am ready for some time off . Looking forward to the reception and having family and friends here . 
Its Friday !!! Last day of summer school ...... we made it ! Now I will only be working just a few hours a day ........ and can enjoy the rest of the summer and get to the summer projects I want to get done . I am excited !! Hope everyone has a great day !! 
The kids are out and < PROPFIRST > is still working .... the dogs and cat are sleeping ...... gotta love the sounds of silence sometimes 
We garage saling with < PROPFEMALE > this morning ........ didnt find much of anything I needed . Off to bluffs in a bit for more shopping ....... not overly excited but it must be done . 
Happy Sunday Everyone ! Busy day ahead for us ! Lots going on ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Had a great day with friends and family !!! Much shorter work hours this week and getting ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday and our wedding reception next weekend . Looking forward to more time with friends and family !!!! 
Okay so 5am walking comes early but am glad < PROPFEMALE > got us up and moving again !!! Off to work for a bit in a bit !! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Happy Tuesday Everyone ! Got our walk in again this morning :) A bit of work today and more getting ready for company over the weekend . Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Happy Wednesday Everyone ! < PROPFEMALE > and I continue to find our morning motivation in Brandi .......... 2 < PROPMALE > , 3 days in a row . Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Yayyyyyy I dont have to share anymore !!!! 
Happy Thursday Everyone ! Have tons to do and things going on today ( like everyone else I imagine ) . Company comes tomorrow , am excited to see family I haven't gotten to see in awhile ! 
Its Friday .............. which is much better than Thursday especially days like yesterday ! However we made it through and we are looking forward to seeing family and friends this weekend . < PROPFIRST > of course will be moving a bit slower than normal speed but atleast his surgery went well and hopefully this is permanent solution to the problem . 
okay , I'll play too ! PLACE OF BIRTH . Everyone please play . It will be fun to know where your FB friends were born . Copy this in your status then put where you were born at the end ......... Anaconda , MT 
Had a great time with family and friends last night . Looking forward to more today ! I am truly blessed to be surrounded with a great husband , fantastic kids , and so many other wonderful people ! 
Today was a wonderful day ! Thanks to all our friends and family who made today so much fun ! It was wonderful to see all the people who came to be with us on this special day ! A special thanks to my kids for the great toast they made !!!! Funny stuff ! < PROPFIRST > and I are very lucky to have such great kids , family and friends who feel like family !!! 
Good Morning and Happy Sunday Everyone ! Another busy day ahead ! All our family will be heading home today :( has been great to see everyone ! Then the kids and I will be headed to Scottsbluff for a bit of shopping . < PROPFIRST > will finally get a day to rest since his surgery , am pretty sure the guy deserves it ! With this crew who knows what the evening will bring and then its back to work etc on Monday . 
Back from shopping with the kids ............... Jodi did great finding what she wanted for Tuesday . Gonna just < PROPFEMALE > out and enjoy some quiet nonbusy time for a bit and then we will see what happens next . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I both woke up feeling lets just say Not great so no walk this morning . We got bad news about < PROPFIRST>'s mom last night ........ waiting for more information but nothing yet this morning . My 7am appt didnt show up . All in all I would say its ummmmm Monday ! Hope it improves ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Happy Tuesday Everyong . Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Looking forward to our Labor Day trip to Montana to see everyone again ! Its nice to have things to look forward to ! 
Ever have one of those days where you just know before the end of the day you are going to be required to attend Out Loud Voices Anonymous as part of your sentence ? 
Interesting FB topic of the day : Have had some interesting conversations the last week or so with several people on the < PROPMALE > of forgiveness . How and why do we forgive ? Who do we forgive ? Can you forgive someone and still remove them from your life ? I have had this conversation with my kids , friends , family and I am never completely sure what to say . Please share your thoughts and have a great day ! 
Yesterday I put out a topic to discuss and was really impressed with the responses . Thought we would try another topic today that maybe is more fun ! So here it is : If you were going to write a book about your life and could NOT use your name in the title and the title could only be THREE words what would those words be : 
Watched Big Brother and then went for ice cream with the kids . All in all a good evening . Am off to bed to think of a new topic for tomorrow morning . Thanks to those of you that responded the last couple days ! 
Good Morning Everyone ! Todays topic is \What does \ " customer service\ " mean to you ? : " 
Spent the day in < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > then out dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . All in all a great day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is off to go shopping in < PROPFEMALE > again . The rest of us are going grocery shopping and school supply shopping . Busy weekends the next few weekends . Shopping this weekend . 5k in < PROPMALE > next weekend and < PROPFEMALE > leaves for Cali . Ft . Collins the following weekend . Then school starts and I think I am going to have a garage sale the last weekend of this month ! Yikes ! 
Okay shopping done ....... thank god !!! Saw tons of people I hadnt seen in awhile out shopping so I guess that made it worth it ... maybe ... I really do hate shopping ! However I think hubby has talked me into enjoying a bit of sun and some fishing so the day should get better LOL 
Fishing was fun ! < PROPFEMALE > is back from Cheyenne ........ Thanks for taking her < PROPFEMALE > she had a blast ! Everyone is home and now its time to just kick back and relax . Think we are gonna tackle the garage tomorrow ! 
What a long day ! I wish the world didnt have such a penchance for drama ! 
So , does anyone else have an unnatural attachment to useless phone < PROPFIRST > in their cell phone ? Was looking at my contact list today which has ridiculous amounts of < PROPFIRST > in it and thinking I should delete the ones i never use or never hear from etc ..... less to replace if I kill my phone or something ........ but then I talked myself out of it just in case LOL 
Ever noticed that we tend to have conversations with the people in our lives repetitively ? Like a bunch of hamsters in crazy little wheels : you should , she/he said , i did , etc . For today I am stepping off the wheel and having a different conversation with as many people as I can . I will not relive history , especially history that I dont want to repeat itself . Anyone care to join me ? 
Happy Friday Everyone ! Today will be spent packing and fun stuff like that . < PROPFIRST > and I are off to < PROPMALE > tomorrow morning at 4:30 am to participate in a 5k with my mom , brother , dad , and < PROPFEMALE > . I havent worked out in weeks so it should be interesting . < PROPFEMALE > is off to Anaheim tomorrow for her conference ( she is very excited ) . 
< PROPFEMALE > is all set for her trip . < PROPFIRST > and I are getting ready for bed considering we have to get up so early to leave for < PROPMALE > . Took the kids out to supper and had some great family time with them today . All in all a good day ! Hope everyone had one too ! 
Good Morning Everyone and Happy Saturday ! Hope everyone has a great day ! If you and/or yours are traveling or out and about today please travel safe ! 
Been a great day so far ! Was so proud of < PROPFIRST > today in his 5k run . Was really proud of Mom too ! She did awesome cutting her walk time by over ten minutes . < PROPMALE > ran the 10k doing very well himself . I completed the walk with Mom and < PROPFEMALE > . A great family adventure !! < PROPFEMALE > is off for her conference . I am so lucky to have such amazing kids and family ! < PROPMALE > and Dad made great cheerleaders ! 
Happy Sunday Everyone ! Still pretty quiet around here . Enjoying a cup of coffee and watching < PROPFEMALE>'s flight online ! Absolutely love the the things we can do with technology ! 
< PROPFEMALE > made it to Cali safe and sound and is already having a great time ! Sent pic from the Angels field . Told me she is going to LA Ink . < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and I spent the afternoon and evening out at the lake fishing . Was a blast . That kid cracks me up but I retain the title of the \Fish Whisperer\ " . Now time for a shower and maybe some Pinochle . " 
Its Monday ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Had a great trip to bluffs with my son ! We accomplished less than half what we planned to accomplish but was worth the trip just to have some mom/son time ! :) 
Its Tuesday ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Our inner world is ours to make of what we choose . Magnificent changes can radiate out of every human heart if we so desire . \ 
~ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
............................ 
Its Friday ! Looking forward to the weekend . < PROPFIRST > has a scrimmage in the morning . Are you ready for some football ?!?!?! Then we go to Ft . Collins with friends for a short but fun excursion . Then back home in time to meet < PROPFEMALE > , she is getting back from Cali and I am sure has some great stories for us ........ I can't wait ! 
Its Friday Afternoon ! I am pretty sure this is a good thing !! 
Good Morning and Happy Saturday to everyone ! Exciting day ahead ! My girl comes home this evening ! We have our first football scrimmage this morning ! And I get to spend the afternoon in Colorado with some great people doing some really fun things ! Bring on the day ! 
I am home from Ft Collins . Had a great time !!!! Watched some football this morning ....... Great work < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > is on her way home a couple hours behind me .... can't wait !!!!! 
Was great to have everyone home today ! I am one lucky woman to have such amazzzzinnngggggggggggg kids , a wonderful husband and fantastic friends ! 
Happy Monday Everyone ! Hope everyone has a great day and week ! 
Good Morning ( Yes < PROPFEMALE > its morning ) and Happy Tuesday Everyone ! Last day before the kids go back to school ..... hope we are all ready ( I have my doubts ) . I have some planning time this morning , a training this afternoon , and am going to make a quick trip to Bluffs . Should be a busy day if nothing else ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Today was interesting ...... yes ....... yes ....... i do believe interesting is the right word ! 
Well its Wednesday ..... or so I have been told ........ have a great day everyone ! 
Well its Thursday ..... just close enough to the weekend to be annoying with anticipation ! 
HMmmmmmmmm everyone says its Friday ...... what time exactly does the real Friday begin ? 
We have football this morning ...... I hope it doesnt get too hot , but am excited to see our boys do some damage ! Thought about going to the lake but then realized we have less than a week before we get to go to Montana :) so we will be staying home and catching up on stuff here . Looking forward to heading up there on Friday ! 
Homework and Housework ..... not the most enjoyable Sunday for some but its nice to feel like we are making progress . When I listen to other people in this world ...... I realize how lucky I am !!! I have a great husband who is good to me and my kids . I have wonderful kids !! I have a good job that does have a positive impact !!! All in all i am very lucky !! 
Well its Monday yet again ...... funny how it keeps cropping up like this ........ have a great day everyone ! 
Busy day at work today and then back to bluffs to see the Miller clan and the newest addition ... that handsome lil man Kaleb ! :) 
Was a long day ! Baby Kaleb is doing wonderful and is adorable ! For the people in my world who didnt have the best of days , know I love you and am here for you , and that its all going to work out ! Still planning on leaving for Montana on Friday depending on how things go with everyone ...... assuming I can get everything done in time . 
Its Wednesday ! Enough said ! 
To the optomists Good Morning & Have a Great Day . To the pessimists Yes its morning & the rest of the day will probably suck too . To the Realists & Common Sense Lovers Morning & your day won't be perfect , nor will the people in it be perfect but call me later to compare stories LOL Love you all !!! 
Home from Montana ! Great trip ! Fun to be with all the family ! Had a ton of fun ! Of course fun cannot be had without a few things to keep it real .... I had a blast but am down one wedding ring and a tire .... and < PROPMALE > my darling brother has us out of one chocolate birthday cake .... but watching him try to catch it was soooooo worth it LOL 
It feels like Monday but they tell me its Tuesday ! Busy day ahead ! Work , < PROPFEMALE > to Dr. , < PROPFIRST > has football tonite , and I am sure there are other things I am forgetting . Have a great day everyone ! 
Again its Thursday and yes its still that day that is close enough to the weekend to be annoying with anticipation ! Have a great day ! 
Something has to go . Gotta keep the hubby , kids , family , friends , pets , the job .......... all for various reasons ............ guess it will have to be the carpet . Should be an interesting weekend . Thank goodness for shortened fridays . 
Well here it is Friday again ..... and its a bit early but I promised < PROPFEMALE > a cheery morning message ! So GOOD MORNING EVERYONE !!!! I hope everyone ( especially you < PROPFEMALE > ) have an absolutely FANTASTIC day !!!! 
Its officially Friday !!!! Enjoy your afternoon everyone !!! 
Its nice to know there are honest people out there in the world ! < PROPFIRST > lost his wallet at the mall in Casper and someone turned it in to security . Complete with money , licenses , etc . 
Torrington Blazers Football 0-0 at the half . 
Am sitting here wondering if I am ready to tackle this project ........ guess I will have to see what I think when the coffee is done brewing . Have a great day everyone ! 
Project accomplished ! Next project ......... sleep !! 
Its Monday ! Have a great day everyone ! Especially you < PROPFEMALE > cause I know how much you love Monday mornings ! 
Its Tuesday ! Which for some people is better than Monday , not as good as Wednesday or Friday , not as annoying as Thursday , and definately can't compete with Saturday and Sunday ! Regardless , I hope everyone has a great day ! 
Its Wednesday and its an early release day ! Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > on starting her new job as a tutor and congrats to < PROPFIRST > on an awesome game last night ( I heard you played very well even if you guys didn't win) ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Well its Thursday ! Wish it was Friday ..... am starting to see the value of a shortened work day on Friday and tomorrow night is our first Varsity home game for football .. should be a good time ! Hope everyone has a great day ! 
Good Morning and Happy Friday ! Football game tonight ! Go Blazers ! Good Luck < PROPFIRST > ! Another busy weekend ahead doing stuff here at home ....... although we won't be removing anything this weekend ( atleast no plans to at the moment but one can never tell what might happen ) Have a great day everyone ! 
A chilly Saturday morning ....... woke up motivated but am now thinking bad to bed sounds awesome ! 
I just introduced my daughter to the < PROPFEMALE > brothers ............. she wishes I still had my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > lunchbox ! 
Kids are in Laramie for the day and hubby and I are off to bluffs to do some much needed shopping !! Have a great day everyone !! 
Yayyyyyy for Friday ! Off to Rawlins for football and to spend the weekend with my parents after work ...... Thank goodness for early release Fridays . Go Blazers !!!! 
Great weekend , except for being sick . Improved time on 5k even at higher altitude . < PROPFEMALE > did great on her first 5k ! Congrats to < PROPFIRST > who took first in his age division and cut about about 4 minutes off his last time ! Mom did great too finishing with a less than a minute difference from her last 5k ! Congrats to our Blazer boys who won Friday night in Rawlins ! Had a great time with my parents ! They spoiled us rotten ! 
Been a busy week . Thanks to family and friends for making my birthday good ! Loving the flowers from hubby and all the other stuff too ! 
When playing a practical joke please remember you run the risk of getting caught . I am a firm believer in having fun and all that but I believe more firmly that taking responsibility for our actions is more important ! I will not press charges if the prankster fesses up before I find out who they are ....... please pass this along to your kids or if you are a THS student and know who played the joke let me know 
Congrats to my son on his nomination to the National Young Leaders Conference !!! 
Life is always interesting . House surrounded with police with weapons drawn at either the neighbors house or one house down . Can hear the loud speaker .......... waiting to see what happens next . Craziness !! 
Request for Assistance : < PROPFIRST > has been nominated to the National Young Leaders Conference in D.C. this spring . He is attempting to raise the money to be able to attend . He is willing to work for donation . Odd jobs , housework , yardwork , etc ...... Please contact me via message to set up a time if you would like to assist with this endeavor . Thank You ! 
Request for Assistance : < PROPFIRST > has been nominated to the National Young Leaders Conference in D.C. this spring . He is attempting to raise the money to be able to attend . He is willing to work for donation . Odd jobs , housework , yardwork , etc ...... Please contact me via message to set up a time if you would like to assist with this endeavor . Thank You ! on Sunday clear 
is NOT I repeat NOT ready for Winter !!! I don't even like these days where the threat of winter is there ! 
We still have plenty of open spots on < PROPFIRST>' work calendar for anyone interested . He is willing to work hard at any job you have for him to help him raise the money he needs to go to the National Youth Leadership Conference in Washington , D.C. this spring . Please message me if you would like to hire him for any odd jobs you may have for him . 
Happy Halloween Everyone ! Have had lots more trick or treaters than normal tonite . Some really cute costumes ! 
Great day with family and friends ! Missed our < PROPFEMALE > girl though ! 
So not pleased to see flakes flying in the air ......... snow is NOT my thing at all ! 
Headed out shortly to watch < PROPFEMALE > in Bye Bye < PROPFEMALE > ! Everyone that saw the matinee yesterday says its funny and a great show ! Can't wait to see ! 
The play was very fun ! < PROPFEMALE > had me in stitches .......... along with several other cast members ! Was a great time ...... can't wait to go again tonite and am looking forward to my parents getting to see it ! 
mmmm fudge !!!!!! 
Absolutely wonderful Thanksgiving with family and friends !!! Now heading out in a couple hours for my first black friday in 25 years or so .......... going to colorado !!! Safe shopping everyone !!! 
The City of Torrington is ridiculous ! They can afford staff to hand deliver notices to our neighbors and us to shovel the walks but they cant be bothered to plow the streets and make them safe ? Citizens shouldnt have to wield a shovel on their sidewalks til the city can provide snow removal on those streets ! Just an opinion !!! 
Asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour if you or someone you know has or had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . 
\Patience is the key toParadise\ " ~ unknown " 
is happy about losing weight ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is getting ready for her insurance physical ....... not excited LOL ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
If anyone is receiving odd or inappropriate messages from me please ignore . Hubby will scan and repair comp tonite 
is off to work soon with a positive attitude for the second semester ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is looking forward to seeing her mom this weekend ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is wondering where the money went ? ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is sad Mom isn't getting to come visit after all ! 
is glad its Friday !!! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is going to tackle the clutter today ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Coffee ......... nectar of the Gods !!!! 
is enjoying a quiet sunday morning ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
wants and glowstick minion ! 
\Think highly of yourself beause the world takes you at your own estimate . \ " ~ Unknown " 
is determined to have a great day at work ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is glad its payday ! :) ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
thinks its great to have special people in my life that are so sweet to send me flowers when they know things have been rough ! Thanks guys ! Love you ! 
is happy with the scale this morning ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is making progress ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
sick kid is asleep so i am off to bed myself ..... have a great night everyone 
is feeling bad that the kiddo is sickly today ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
back from Bluffs , kid still sick , other kid has to be on the bus at 3:45 am , looks like it might be a long night 
is wishing she could go back to bed ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Depression is not a sign of weakness ; it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long or have brain ~ chemical imbalances ! Put this as your status if you know someone who has/had depression . 1 in 3 will suffer with it at some point in their life . Show your support ; Awareness , Acceptance , Advocacy .. Please post & leave on your status for at least an hour . 
is having a great day !! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
I was thinking that I wish the bus would get home so I could pick up my kid and go to sleep 
is glad that < PROPFIRST>' fever seems to be coming down ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Love Big Love ! 
Off to the dr. again ...... the fever didnt stay down ! Poor kid ! 
is happy we are having a late start tomorrow ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is okay with resetting my goals ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is glad < PROPFIRST > might make it back to school today ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Very proud of all our senior wrestlers ! Thanks to the coaches as well ! A special special message for my Senior Wrestling Manager -- I am so proud of all the hard work you have put in the last four seasons , you are AMAZING and I love you ! 
is so proud of my senior !!! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is getting refocused ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is going to watch my son wrestle in < PROPFEMALE > today . Go BLAZERS ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Icy roads halfway to < PROPFEMALE > , 2 Dual wins for our Blazers , < PROPFIRST > pinned his kid in 23 seconds , dry roads coming home ....... Naptime ? 
is tackling the desk some more today .. purge purge purge those files LOL ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is dreading being out in the weather today ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is thrilled that its my Fridayyyyyy ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
has returned from the land of disorientation and is ready to get back on track ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is hoping everyone has a great day ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is ready to face another day ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is going to have a good day and hopes you do too ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is looking forward to seeing my mom again today ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is headed to Glenrock for Regional Wrestling ! Go Blazers ! ( hopefully my stomach gets better ) ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is glad to be home and headed to bed ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is not thrilled with cold weather but glad it means mom might stay another day ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
loves the song \Good to Go\ " < PROPFIRST > by < PROPFIRST > Corbett ..... jason aldean does an okay version too ...... song says it all ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) " 
says beware of \zen witches\ " LOL ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) " 
is trying to focus on the good today ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Need some advice from my Torrington friends ......... need a reliable reasonable plumber . 
my guys are amazing .. they fixed the kitchen sinks ..... no plumber needed today ... 
is happy with her Wednesday Weigh-In ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is sooooooooooo Happy that its Friday ( for me ) ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
I HATE shopping 
is feeling a bit under the weather today ....... I think its because of the weather LOL ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is sore today :) ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
hates grocery shopping ! 
stuffed peppers to the oven ..... mmmmmmmmmmm 
is ready to face the day ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
One buzz down ........ hopefully hubby doesnt want his done tonite too 
is very sleepy today ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is down another lb . ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
thinks she may recover better than expected yesterday ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is getting back on track TODAY ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
You and me wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ......!! 
is out for a day of shopping with my daughter ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Back from shopping 
is pushing the reset button this morning ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
loves it when one little thing can improve your mood and change your outlook !! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Burgers off the grill ...... yummmmmmmmyyyyyy 
is Not impressed with the weather , you are shocked I know LOL Have a great day ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Ahhh Freedom ! 
says .... Be careful what you wish for , you just might get it ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is excited about the short work day and going with the kiddo to get her pics done ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is hoping for a better day at work ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is not going to allow stress to take over my life ... ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is home from another long but productive weekend ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is NOT going there today ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is going to have a productive day ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is staying home again today still trying to get on top of this migraine . Have a great day everyone ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is going to attempt work today ! Have a great day everyone ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Please keep DJ and the Newman and Wondercheck families in your prayers for DJ and that he has a quick recovery !!! 
is happy for a day off so we can get some stuff done at home ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
\Then God can activate\ " It's National Book Week . Grab the closest book to you . Turn to < PROPFEMALE > 56 . Copy the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the book . Post these rules as part of your status . " 
is still very sleepy this morning ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
thinks I may have broken the plateau and has officially lost the \baby\ " weight ........... funny that my babies are 15 and 17 . I weigh less now than when I was 20 . ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) " 
is so excited that my friends are catching the spark ! Welcome < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is blessed with a wonderful husband ! Happy Anniversary ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
slept in very late this morning and is now rallying the troops for housecleaning . ( They aren't impressed :) ) ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is ready for the week ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Had a good time seeing an old friend ...... nice trip down memory < PROPFIRST > and some good laughs ..... laughs are always good especially these days !!! Thanks Ladies !! 
is planning for tomorrow nights fun !!! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
My ring should be all fixed by this weekend I hope 
UGH teenagers who procrastinate ........ SAVE MEEEEEE !! 
is thinking tonite is going to be very fun and that its a good thing when you don't want to throw the scale out the window on weigh-in days !!! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
WOOHOO party and snack time soon ! 
Home again ..... thanks ladies for a great night !!!! 
is up and going ..... SLOWLYYYY ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is glad its Friday ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is gearing up for a busy weekend ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
Still almost 70 outside .......... I LOVE this weather !!!! 
Off to go shopping for the kiddos and groceries ....... shopping is not my fav thing so hopefully we find what we need quickly 
Home from shopping !!!! they did awesome !!! 
is home from shopping . I did however enjoy buying smaller jeans ! ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
is going to have to work hard to delete yesterday's extravaganza of calories by Wednesday's weigh-in ( via http://www.sparkpeople.com/ ) 
