Yeah I'm braggin ' . New degree program just approved : B.S. in Interdisciplinary Studies in Psychology & Theatre in Modern Society ( and my music minor ) . This plus my excellent GPA & membership in < PROPFEMALE > Sigma Lambda ( Nat'l Honor Society for Adult Students ) should get me into Antioch Univ . in Seattle to pursue my BA in Drama Therapy ! Funny how a painful divorce can lead to such positive chances in one's life ! 

Okay , my typing has gone to hell . I mean to get my < PROPFEMALE > in Drama Therapy ( not BA ) . Also , I plan to train with a Reiki Master sometime this year so I can also do energy healing therapy . My dream of being a massage therapist kind of went out the window when I developed tendonitis and fibromyalgia , but energy healing work is not as physically demanding . And heaven knows , I've got energy to spare ! : ) 
Great . First potential roommate I get and it turns out to be a scam ! I've got a $ 2,850 bogus check sitting here on my desk . Good thing I made some phone calls . I might have actually cashed the sucker and gotten totally screwed ! Why me ??? 
Oh , where oh where can my new roommate be ? Oh , where oh where can she be ? With her ears cut long and her hair cut short , oh where oh where can she be ? 
Okay , now I'm getting desperate . I actually showed my apartment to a 30-year-old straight male . 
Having diabetes SUCKS !!!! 
My roommate bailed . Showed up two days ago with some thug and a bunch of boxes , hastily packed his shit , gave me his key , and split ! I can't deal with unstable people !! And I still haven't found a new roommate yet !!!!! Aaaargh !!! 
New roommate -- totally cool !! : ) 
Just rented < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland -- LOVED it !!! I would totally have < PROPFIRST > Depp's love child ! He's so adorable ! 
Who knew that using old eyeshadow would give me pink eye ! Ee-gads !!! I look like the bloody devil ! : ( 
Finally , rain and 62 in Moscow . I was getting tired of the 94 degree weather ! I hope it stays like this all day long !!!! 
How exciting !!! Prop 8 was overturned in California !! Now , if the rest of the country can just get with the program ..... At least we're on the right track ! 
Do my ears deceive me or did Prop 8 just get overturned ?? If so , congrats and mozel tov !! 
They FINALLY stopped the oil leak ! Yay !!! It's about time , BP -- you should have done that three months ago !! Oh , and by the way , how's your stock doing ? 
Will's back in town !! Missed you , sweetie ! You look great ! 
“No one is born hating another person for the color of their skin , religion , or background . Hatred and intolerance have to be learned . Even in the grimmest times , I have seen glimmers of humanity which reassured me that man’s goodness is a flame that can never be extinguished . ” -- < PROPMALE > Mandela\ 
\ 
Vive < PROPMALE > différences ! 
Goin ' to the drag show tonight with all my home girls !! Can't wait to see all my talented friends perform -- I love you all ! You put the rainbow sprinkles on top of my cupcakes , baby ! 
Wow ! Hell of a storm hit the Inland Northwest ! Moscow/Pullman had up to 85 mph winds -- we were without power for most of the night -- kind of fun , but still scary ! But , wow ! With all the lights off in Moscow , there were SO many stars in the night sky it was amazing !!! 
Boy , I'm glad I got my snow tires put on when I did !!! We got lots of snow now -- powdery and fluffy -- perfect for skiing ! Sigh ...... which I can't do anymore . Too old ( and too klutzy ! ) . 
I should really go to bed , but there's this pumpkin pie calling my name . Oh , the whipped cream is calling for me too . 
Happy Hanukkah to all my wonderful Jewish friends !!! 
Yay ! Our Vandals won ( barely ) 26 to 23 !!!! Go , Vandals !!! 
And God bless and rest < PROPFEMALE > Edwards -- she was elegant and beautiful and strong to the end . 
One LONG four-chapter final ( Thanks , < PROPFIRST >!) in Developmental Psych DONE ! One more four-chapter final to go . yay . i'm tired . i want my mommy . okay , how ' bout a nice glass of red wine ( okay , you're diabetic -- HALF a glass) ? Oh , pishaw ! I'm gonna have a WHOLE GLASS !! I deserve it . I've worked really hard this semester !! zzzzzzzzzzzzz ........ 
Last final taken yesterday -- now I can relax a bit until classes start NEXT semester ! Yay !!!! : D 
Just finished baking homemade Nestle's Toll House chocolate chip cookies -- now a cup of hot cocoa and off to bed I go ! I can't believe tomorrow's Christmas Eve ! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS , HAPPY HOLIDAYS , AND PEACE TO ALL !!!!!! 
I just love birthdays ! In two weeks , I'll be 37 ( again ! ) . Instead of getting older , I just stay the same age !! ( giggle ) 
Thanks to all my sweet friends who wished me a happy birthday ! Love you all ! : D 
I want some snow , darn it !!! 
Hooray for the excellent police work -- they caught the little rat bastard who planted that backpack bomb along the march path of the MLK Jr. parade ! I hope he rots in jail . Rots , rots , rots !! 
Ah , spring in North Idaho -- lots of rain with a bit of snow mixed in just to mess up the roads ! Blech !! : ( ~ 
WOW !!! I just saw the HUGEST snowflakes EVER !! It was like being in a ticker-tape parade ! My girlfriends and I actually stood around outside , trying to catch snowflakes on our tongues ! : D Thanks , girls , that was fun !! And thanks , Mother Nature , for keeping us on our toes , but also for enchanting us with your beauty ! : ) 
