Jennys first month in missoula rocks and living with < PROPFIRST > is great . I dont think i will ever find a better match !! cant wait to go to my new school !!! 

So this is a < PROPMALE > feat for me . About 3 months ago i weighed 144 pounds which was the most i have ever weighed !! Now i got my weight back down to 130 !! I haven't weighed 130 since my freshman year of college . it is awesome !!! I feel amazing all of the time ! Plus , it ended up being a lot easier than I thought it would be . 
Lately , what I want changes just as often as my underwear !!!! God , I wish I was human . 
My man just landed a lead role for a huge movie opportunity !!!! What has yours done lately ? hehe 
can't wait to go back home !!!!!! 
The outlook on my future career says that I will be making $ 10,000 less each year than a I would if I were a MAN . I will make $ 300,000 less in my lifetime just because I am a WOMAN . There are a lot of things I would like to do with that $ 300,000 . Shout out if this also upsets you . 
4 more days until my birthday 
Thank you everyone for saying happy birthday to me !!! 
I am officially double majoring now in psychology and business . I am pretty sure this education path will help me to conquer the world . Does anyone ever get two PhD's because I can't choose which way to go ? 
I came to the horrible realization that I won't be able to have children until I am 29 and I still didn't add in all the time and work it will take to win a Nobel prize . And when am I going to fix world hunger and develop a treatment for every disorder in the DSM . SO really I cant have kids until I'm 325 years old 
I'm starting a movement to make words like \smile\ " and \ " pile\ " to be considered 2 syllable words because pile takes more effort and mouth changing movements then the word pull . pi-ul vs pul ... different but pi-ul and pad-ul \ " paddle\ " are closer see what i mean ... who is with me ? " 
< PROPMALE > Potter !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
This break is lasting forever !!! Who am I without my piles of books and hours of studying ? Where is my stress ? I miss my stress . We had a good relationship you know . 
Here goes the new me !!!!!!! 
