Babysitting then going to put in an app at Coltons . 

Has a great life . Everything is finally falling into place ! 
Sittin at < PROPFIRST>'s . ;) So happy ! 
I don't knw where I stand with you and I don't know what I mean to you , all I know is everytime I think of you all I wanna do is be with you ! 
Babysittin ... 
At < PROPFIRST>'s!!! :D Looking forward to seeing Momma 2morrow ! 
Trying to talk < PROPFIRST > into rubbing Aloe < PROPFEMALE > on my sunburnt face ... 
What the heck is wrong with me ?! I'm actually starting to miss High School !!! 
:( All this rain is depressing ! I need sunshine !!! 
YAY ! Sunshine ! At < PROPFIRST>'s . < PROPFIRST>'s mommy and daddy decided they were gonna pour water on me if I didn't get up ! :( It's too early ! 
Bout to go to bed . So excited about going to see Mommy ! I'm gonna miss ppl tho !!! 
YAY 30 days til the big 1-8 !!! 
Ready to go to < PROPMALE > for a week ! Don't wanna be away from him though ! 
Need to take more pictures ! Remind me to take my camera when I go to < PROPMALE > ! 
Leaving for < PROPMALE > Tuesday nite ! Can't wait to see my friends ! Missing him already though . 
Is at Mommy's!!! Yay ! So excited about seeing everybody ! 
Loves ridin with the top down and gettin honked at with < PROPFEMALE > & Lizzy !!! 
Should not be up this early ! When the ground is still wet from dew I should not be alive !!! 
Everybody dies famous in a small town ... 
Wow ! This week flew by ! Not quite ready to go yet ! Gonna miss you guys all over again ! 
Going home 2morrow and I already miss this place !!! Love you guys !!! 
Is it always gonna be this way ? Wonder if you think about me as much as I think about you ... 
I don't know what to do about anything . 
Is happier than you could ever imagine !!! 
15 days !!! 
:P lol 
Still around . 
Think I need to do some password changin !!! What time ? 
I think all those years of wishing on shooting stars are finally paying off ... :D 
I want all of you , for ever , you and me , every day . ~ THE BEST MOVIE EVER !!! 
< (I want all of you , for ever , you and me , every day . ~ THE BEST MOVIE EVER !!! ) > Waitin for < PROPMALE > to get ready so we can go to Beebe . Why is it that a person thinks of one of the saddest movies ever when they're in the saddest mood ever ? It just makes the tears fall harder ... 
Tired of pretending everything is okay when it's not . Time to stop praying and trying so hard for something I'm never gonna get . You know how bad it hurts to love someone even though you know they will probably never return your feelings ? But I'm not gonna stop loving you and I'm not gonna take it back . I'm jst gonna tell you I'll be here if you ever change your mind . 
I'm sorry for everything ... Forgive me ? 
At < PROPFIRST>'s!!! Glad I'm not sick anymore ... Starting work Sunday ... 
If you're a bird I'm a bird ! 
Isn't it funny how one person can love you with all their heart and you don't love them back , but then it really bites you in the ass when you love someone who doesn't love you back ... Isn't love cruel ! 
Isn't it funny how one person can love you with all their heart and you don't love them back , but then it really bites you in the ass when you love someone who doesn't love you back ... Isn't love cruel ! I guess alls fair in love and war because sometimes love is a war ... 
Finally happy again ! At < PROPFIRST>'s , lol wouldn't let him go to bed so now he's eating ... 
Okay , so it's way to early and my eyes hurt ... stupid < PROPFIRST > ! ~ LOL 
Thanks guys ! Yeah , birthday's tomorrow ! Too bad I gotta work from 11 to 5 ! :( Can't believe I'm turning 18 !!!! This will so be the best birthday ever !!! So happy ! I so love my life ! 
Thanks everybody !!! So , I'm workin 11 to 5 all week ... Blah , my feet already hurt ! 
blah , blah , blah !!! 
I so need to get back on my prozak ... All that goes through my mind are things that break my heart ... How do I make it go away ? 
OMG !!! I'm tired , my feet hurt , and it's been a horrible day , but it's gonna be a great night !!! I love my life and I'm gonna make everything go back to the way it was ! 
Sittin at < PROPFIRST>'s drinkin coffee ... I'm SO happy ! 
I guess bcuz I'm so happy I've decided to feel a little froggy !!!! 
WoW ! I don't even know ! 
I'm so happy !!! MAN ! I look so good in love ! 
At < PROPFIRST>'s! :) My whole body hurts from workin ! 
At muh baby's house ! 
:D !!! YAY ! What a great day ! Still at muh baby's house ! 
Why can't it be weekend all the time ?! 
Very content ... 
At baby's!!! :) 
... Where to begin ... 
I wanna be your everything ! 
At baby's again ! :) It's been a long week at work ! 
Is thinkin it's time for a blanket , a fireplace , and a cup of hot chocolate ! It's so cold ! 
Sick of goodbyes ! I'm gonna miss you guys so much ! 
I've decided that I'm not getting attatched to anyone else . I'm WAY too emotional to make friends and have to say goodbye . 
Don't think I don't think about it ... 
HUSH mode ! Headache ! Or better yet , body ache ! I'm hurting all over ! 
So , I was sick at my stomach all day ! Went and took a nap in < PROPFIRST>'s room til just now , but it's ok , I finally feel better ! 
S.O.S. !!! Isn't that a signal for help ?! I need HELP ! 
So ready for Thanksgiving food !!! YUM ! Drooling for Pecan Pie ! Ready to see my mommy !!! Miss you and love you ! Thanks for helping me pull through last night . So , we camped out so we could get up and go hunting this morning and I woke daddy up at 4:30 and then , we all went back to sleep ! So no big bucks yet ! 
You can't fall in love if you're afraid of getting hurt . Believe me , I know . You have to be willing to get hurt to fall in love . But in the end , I guess that's what love is about -- trusting someone with all your heart not to hurt you . So no , I'm not afraid . I love you . Do me a favor ... Don't be afraid ... 
It's funny ... I spent 18 years trying to grow up and now that I am grown up all I want is to b with my Mommy when I get sick ! How sad ... 
I fell head-over-heels for a guy once ... Turns out , it didn't work out too great ... In the end , I landed face first on concrete and it shattered my whole world ... Maybe this time's different . I guess because this time I know to watch where I fall ... 
At my mom's! So ready for the good food tomorrow ! Wish things were a little different right now . I'm not sure how things are gonna turn out ... 
\Love bears all things . \ " ~ Right ? " 
Hmmm ... Why does your voice make me so happy ? 
It's funny , I've always felt like I could tell you anything . Maybe you were the one person who would never judge me ... 
I'll be anything you want ! 
Wow ... Don't know what to think ... 
Hate leaving on bad terms , but what else could I do ? 
I feel like everyday another piece falls off of my heart . 
So , I'm feeling a little better about things today . Now I just can't believe I finally grew a pair . And I can't thank < PROPMALE > enough for letting me stay with him ! 
Everything's gonna be alright ... I'm a big girl now . It's a little scarey to think that ! 
HAH ! YAY ! < PROPMALE > fixed my computer !!! So , fissin go to my Xmas party for work ... Then gotta come home and do laundry ! Yay ... 
Hmm ... What do I want for breakfast ? I need Mountain Dew !!! 
Wonder what I'm gonna do tonight . House all to myself . Looks like I'm either gonna be bored or keeping myself busy . 
Laundry ! 
Wow ! This \On my own\ " thing just might drive me crazy !!! I hate being alone in this big house . It makes me sad . :( I hate you < PROPMALE > for working nights !!! " 
YaY !!! Another day at Sonic ... Then after work I have to go to a meeting for Sonic . Eventful day ... 
My crazy boyfriend and his need to do things that are probably gonna get him hurt ! LOL ... 
Work til 5 , then going to < PROPFIRST>'s for the night . I'm so ready for the weekend ! 
At home ... Waiting ... 
What a great night ... :D Love spending time with him ! 
Doing laundry , cleaning house , fixing up my new room , and waiting for my bubba to get home ! 
Yay ! Weekend ! Finally ! :D 
With my baby ! So happy to be spending time with him ! :) 
You'll love me one day ! And I'm here when you decide you do . 
Why does everything have to be so complicated ? And still I'm just so happy to have you that I don't care . :) 
Right now , I hate everything . What's the point ? 
It doesn't matter what I've done , you should love me . It doesn't matter where I've been , I should be able to come home . And daddy , me and you have got a lot of making up to do . And you won't pick up the phone , so I don't know ... ~ My version of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s song . I love you Daddy . 
So , I had a great Christmas with my mom ! Now I'm ready to head home and play with the puppy I got from < PROPFIRST > ! :D 
:) Happy ! TeeHee ! 
I wish I could be one of those people who can just have fun and not worry ... Too bad I guess . 
Teehee ! < PROPFEMALE > is asleep on my lap ! She's so sweet when she's asleep . She's not too sweet when she bites my pant legs when I walk though ! 
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more , that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds , and that's what you've given me . That's what I hope to give to you forever . ~ The Notebook ~ 
If all else fails , blame it on the little people in your head ... 
Lol ! Figured what Ctrl + w does ! Try it . 
I'm so ready for august ! Can't wait to have my beautiful wedding with my wonderful < PROPFIRST > ! 
If you're sleepin are you dreamin ? If you're dreamin are you dreamin of me ? 
When I'm with you the whole world stops spinning , but just long enough for me to realize that sooner or later it's gonna start right back up . 
Book , blanket , BED ! Night world !!! 
Hmmmmm ... Idk ... 
A smile is a small curve that straightens out everything . 
< PROPFEMALE > IN WONDERLAND !!!! Imax 3-D tonight ! 
Finally back home . Missing you already baby ! 
Stayin home today . Got lots of laundry and unpacking to do . So happy to finally be home ! 
What a great day ! :D I really had no idea ! I LOVE being back home ! I do definantly have to get a phone though . 
Bedtime ! Big day tomorrow ... Miss you baby ! 
Off to Stuttgart for a bit . 
And I wouldn't change a thing I'd walk right back through the rain , back to every broken heart on the day that it was breakin ' , and I'd relive all the years and be thankful for the tears I've cried with every stumbled step that led to you and got me here ! 
Love is the only shocking act left on the planet . ~ < PROPFIRST>'s Day 
Job hunting in Stuttgart today ... fun ... 
Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we touch . 
Missin you so bad today baby ! Can't wait to see you again ! 
Praying for rain ! Love you baby ! Gonna call it a night . 
You know how the old saying goes , ' If you love someone let them go or cripple them so they can't get away . ' ~ I friggin love < PROPFIRST > from < PROPFEMALE > ! He's sooo the funniest character ! 
I can't get you out of my head !!! 
The sound of my heartbeat says your name ! I love you so much ! 
I have such a wonderful life ! I'm so happy to be me and to have you and all these great friends ! BTW , it was geat to see you today Ash ! 
Happy Easter !!! 
So ive been sittin in the dark since 15 til 6 ! I friggin need these lights to come back on ! 
Things i need to live : air , water , food , and you , but the first 3 don't really count . 
HOLY TOLEDO BATMAN ! 
FML ! So tired of doing nothing ! 
I wont worry my life away ! 
You can do no wrong in my eyes . 
Sometimes i thank God for unanswered prayers . 
I'm not afraid to fall , i just might learn to fly and i will spread these wings of mine . 
Let it go . Let it roll right off your shoulder . Don't you know ? The hardest part is over . 
Rain , rain go away . Come again another day ! 
I'm keepin you forever and for always ! I wanna wake up every mornin to your sweet face ! 
Plain ol < PROPFEMALE > told a story bout a man who was too afraid to fly so he never did land ! 
I hate today . I just wanna go home . 
I'm in too deep and i'm tryin to keep all the thought in my head instead of goin under ! 
Had a grrreat day at work . Hope tomorrow will be good too 12 to 8 . 
Can you make a mistake and miss your fate ? 
We can live like < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > if we want . Where you can always find me and we'll have halloween on christmas and the in night we'll wish this never ends . 
Don't waste your time on me you're already the voice inside my head ! 
Sometimes i still wake up fightin mad at where this road i'm headed down might lead . I guess thats just the cowboy in me . 
When all our tears have reached the sea a part of you will live in me , Way down deep inside my heart . The days keep coming without fail . 
Now what ? 
IF you never saw me again -- what is one memory you have of me ? 
I've tried all i can imagine . I've begged and pleaded in true lovers fashion . Now i've got pride and i'm takin it for a ride . 
I don't know why i act the way i do , like i ain't got a single thing to lose . Sometimes i'm my own worst enemy . I guess That's just the cowboy in me . 
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more , it plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds . 
Goodbye may seem forever . Farewell is like the end . But in my heart's a memory and there you'll always be . 
I pray your brakes go out runnin ' down a hill\ 
I pray a flower pot falls from a window sill\ 
And knocks you in the head like I'd like to\ 
I pray your birthday comes and nobody calls\ 
I pray you're flyin ' high when your engine stalls\ 
I pray all your dreams never come true\ 
Just know wherever you are , < PROPFEMALE > , I pray for you !!! 
I don't feel bad anymore . I may have been the one to let you go , but you were the one stupid enough not to < PROPFEMALE > on . I'm great and I deserve great . I gave you way more chances than you deserved and way more chances than other people have had . So good luck cause it's really not my loss . 
I could just do back flips i'm so happy ! Love this single thing . Why didn't i think of it sooner ? 
So missed hangin out with these people . 
You had my heart , now i want it back . I'm starting to see everything you lack . Boy you blew it , you put me through it . I wanna undo it ! 
More than anything i hate the way that now i hate no one to talk to when my whole world goes blue . 
Praying for all those families at the camp ground . 
Blah ! 11 to 7 . 
Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream . The first mouse quickly gave\ 
up and drowned . The second mouse , wouldn't quit . He struggled so hard\ 
that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out . \ 
Gentlemen , as of this moment , I am that second mouse . 
If at first you don't succeed , \ 
skydiving is probably not for you . 
When I'm feeling down , I like to whistle . It makes the neighbor's dog run to the end of his chain and gag himself . 
Today , I saw a commercial for the Snuggie . I thought it was stupid\ 
idea , but I couldn’t change the channel because I was under a blanket\ 
and I didn’t want my arms to get cold 
Inflatable pool full of dad's got air , i was 3 years old splashin everywhere , and so began my love affair with water ! 
I could really use a wish right now . 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? 
Happy fathers day . Wish you would talk to me . Love you dad . 
You'r better as a memory than as my man . :) 
I could use a dream or a < PROPFEMALE > or a wish to take me to a place much simpler than this ! 
Tell\ 
a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe\ 
you . Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch it\ 
to be sure . 
You know life's good when you see a shooting < PROPFEMALE > and you don't know what to wish for . :) guess i have everything i need for now . 
Consider me a memory . Consider me the past . Consider me a smile in an old photograph , someone who used to make you laugh . 
I have been blessed with so much more than i deserve , to be here with the ones who love me and to love them so much it hurts ! 
Spending time with my wonderful mother who I love so much ! Then back to work tomorrow . 
If every word i said could make you laugh , i'd talk forever ! 
Here's to the past they can kiss my glass ! 
My Momma said , you can't hurry love no you just have to wait ! She said love don't come easy . Its a game of give and take ! 
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us . 
Momma said there'll be days like this ! 
YUM ! Chicken and dumplins !!! 
I'm so lucky to be in love with my BEST friend ! 
Why did the cheese stand alone ? 
If you need a lover and a friend , baby i'm in . 
Had a magnificent day with my hunny ! Back to work tomorrow . 
I guess thats what happens when a tornado meets a volcano . :) 
It gives you wings ! 
Me ? I'm scared of everything . I'm scared of what I saw , I'm scared of\ 
what I did , of who I am , and most of all I'm scared of walking out of\ 
this room and never feeling the rest of my whole life the way I feel\ 
when I'm with you . 
Wow ! Didn't see that one coming . 
Another day at work . At least i know it can't be any worse than yesterday . 
I don't know when forever will come . All i know is , i wanna be with you when it does . :) 
If you're gonna be a bear , be a grizzly . :) 
So i had like the weirdest dream ever last night about people i haven't seen in years ! 
Its funny how hearing one song can take you back so far in time to some of your best memories . 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I love you . Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common sense . Never let your prayin knees get lazy , and love like crazy !!! I <3 you ! 
I've got to give credit where credit is due . I thank the bank for the money , Thank God for you ! 
Had a dream about Sonic and all my buddies there . Oh how I miss you all ! Gonna have to go to Searcy and visit soon . 
We are what we repeatedly do . Excellence , then , is not an act but a habit . 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , you were two of the best people i've ever known . I'm praying for both your families . There's no doubt in my mind , you're with God now . 
I want to make sure everyone I love knows how much I love them , just in case I'm not here to tell you all tomorrow . I think < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > have everyone thinking about just how important every second is . I love you both and I know God has lifted both your beautiful souls into his arms . I am praying very hard for the Colemans and the Murhpy's . 
I love you < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Rest in peace . I always knew you two would be together forever . ¡ -;- 
'' The brigade has blown another tire ! We are outta gas!'' lol i love it ! 
I'm not afraid to fall . I just might learn to fly and i will spread these wings of mine ! 
For every dream That's shattered another one comes true ! 
Somedayp the sky is so blue i feel like i can talk to you . 
'' i'd like to rip off your head and spit in your neck!'' but God makes me able to resist that . :) 
Next time my name is in your mouth , swallow it ! 
I'm the type of person who laughs at my mistakes ... So pardon me if I laugh in your face ! 
Lover feeling like this one day of the year is all about me ! 
Thank you everybody for the GREAT birthday wishes ! Just wanted to let you know that you all had a part in making this the best birthday ever !!! So who's gonna throw the party ?! 
Yesterday was such a great day . Why did today have to come along and ruin it ? 
'' Do not let the sun go down on your wrath , nor give place to the devil . '' 
:) Two days off and I'm sure gonna enjoy them ! Gonna go stay with my BEST friend tonight to celebrate my birthday ! :) 
Why on earth did i say yes to working on my day off ? 
At a loss for words ! Sporting goods is so darn busy ! Pretty sure wal mart is packed today ! Why did i answer my phone ? 
Tears may flow in the night , but low comes in the morning ... 
How do you keep your feet on the ground when you know you were born to fly ? 
I try to say goodbye and I choke , try to walk away and I stumble . Though I try to hide it , it's clear , my world crumbles when you are not near !!! 
Four hours on the road then five hours of sleep . Hope i can stay awake today . 
I don't see what anyone can see in anyone else , but you . 
If you love someone , you say it . You say it right then , out loud . Otherwise the moment just ... Passes you by ... 
I like it on the bedroom floor . 
I will sail my vessel until the river runs dry ... 
I'd love nothing more than to spend forever making that wonderful smile spread across your face ! ECF !! 
My grandma passed away this morning ; oddly enough , I'm somewhat jealous about all the people she's going to get to see . I hate that she's gone and it's very painful for me , but I'm so glad she isn't hurting anymore . I'm going to miss her very much , until I can reunite with all of them someday . I love you Grandma and RIP forever . 
When it's cold outside show the world the warmth of your smile ! 
If I'm not made for you then why does my heart tell me that I am ? 
Listen to your gut ... It won't lie to you like your heart will ... 
Pretty sure people who whistle when they make the \s\ " sound shouldn't be on the radio ... " 
'' You guys are gonna eat that whole lamp , then you're gonna feel stupid for eating a lamp!'' lol i love my family . 
Everytime we say goodbye , i die a little . 
I\ 
remember the day you passed away . Although I loved you dearly , I \ 
couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working \ 
hands at rest . God broke my heart to prove to me , he only takes the \ 
best . Put this on your status if there is someone in Heaven that you \ 
miss every day . 
I've decided i'm thankful for all the Crappy people who have ever been in my life . You make the good ones seem so much better ! Happy thanksgiving ! 
Because of you i find it hard to trust not only me but everyone around me ... 
Pretty sure i love my job ! Get to spend all day with duck hunters ! Heck yes ! 
Anyone have a thermometer ? I think i've got some hog fever ! 
L-S-Who ? Pretty sure the HOGS are winning ! Too bad i'm in a tent with tiger fans . 
Ahhhh another wonderful day of duck season ! I've never been a duck < PROPMALE > , but i think i might start . ;) 
Even on my weakest days , i get a little bit stronger . 
I guess I was just so caught up in who I thought you were that I didn't stop to figure out who you really were . I deserve better ... 
My heart will never be the same but i'm tellin myself i'll be okay . 
When you kiss me like this i think you mean it like that and if you do baby kiss me again ! 
Hey Friends !!! Please change your profile picture to one of a cartoon character of your childhood . And invite your friends to do the same . The purpose is to not see a single human face on Facebook but an invasion of childhood memories supporting THE CAUSE TO FIGHT CHILD ABUSE !! 
Happy that i finally have a day off and even happier that i'm spending it with you . :) 
'' A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush . '' what the heck does that mean ? 
Faith is believing something more than what you know . 
Wonderful day with my baby ! If i fall , will you let me down easy ? 
Home at last ! Now all I want is a nap . So glad I have tomorrow off to relax ! 
You're on my mind today . I can't remember ever being this happy just thinking about someone . :) 
So excited ! I finally get a whole day with you ! I've missed you so much ! 
The last place you want to be in a foot race is behind the guy with no foots ! 
Ok I love Christmas just as much as anyone but this music has got to stop ! 
Back to work today ... Now everyone is going to be returning gifts . When are things gonna go back to normal ? 
Five years ago today I lost you . I still find it hard to wake up some mornings because I know you're gone . I've been here too long without you . I still miss you dearly and you're still on my mind everyday . I love you very much and will still be missing you everyday until we meet again . With all my love from your sunshine girl . 
With all do respect , that idea aint worth a < PROPFEMALE > painting of a whale and a dolphin gettin it on ! 
To be free means to have nothing to lose . No , I am not free , I have everything to lose . I have the most wonderful people in my life ! I don't know what I'd do without any of them ! I love you all so much ! 
I have no idea how I got a Saturday off but I'm defiantly not complaining ! Gonna spend some long overdue time with my wonderful family . I could not be happier with my life ! 
Pretty sure I need to take my pictures . I need lots of memories when I'm this happy ! 
I LOVE MY BABY ! - < PROPFIRST > 
Having a wonderful day with my future husband ! :) 
Workin 2 to 10 today then I get a three day weekend . Time to catch up on some much needed R&R ! 
Lord when I get to Heaven , can I taste the milky way ? I don't want to come to visit cause I'm coming home to stay . And I can't wait to see my family and meet Jesus face to face ! And do you Lord you could use just one more angel to help pour out the rain ? 
Spending my three day weekend in searcy with my daddy ! :) 
Well let me just quote the late-great Colonel Sanders who said , \I'm too drunk to taste this chicken . \"" 
So when you say psychosomatic , you mean like he could start a fire with his thoughts ? 
So if I walked into Walmart and pulled the tag off a pillow , would I really get in trouble with the law ? 
I'm so ready for august ! Can't wait to be Mrs. < PROPFIRST > Cox ! 
I never knew what it meant to truly love someone until you came into my life . It's so much better than I ever thought it would be ! 
Sometimes you have to take the bitter with the sweet . 
You just came into a battle of wits unarmed ! You've already lost ! Haha ! 
So sick of snow and cold weather ! I'm ready for some heat ! I need to be in Hawaii drinking something out of a coconut ! 
Finally getting to spend the day with my wonderful momma ! I feel like I haven't gotten to spend time with her in forever ! She woke me up to a big breakfast and a hot cup of coffee and it was great ! She's the best ! I just love her so much ! 
It's days like this that bring me back to august 7th all over again . It really puts things in perspective . I love you < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and I miss you both so much . God taught me a valuable lesson when we lost you . I know now not to take anything for granted and to tell people everyday how much I love them . I'm praying for the < PROPFIRST > family and all of < PROPFEMALE>'s friends . 
I melt , every time you look at me that way ! It never fails , anytime , anyplace ! 
I'll make you happy , make your dreams come true , go to the end of the earth for you , to make you feel my love ... 
It's such a beautiful day ! I love seeing the sun shine down on all these happy faces on < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! Hope everyone is enjoying Ot as much as I am ! 
Had a wonderful < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! Work 1 to 10 then I'm off for two days ! Heck yeah ! 
If at first you don't succeed , sky diving is probably not for you . :) 
Blah ! Work ... I'm just ready to be with < PROPFIRST > again . Everyday is great when I'm with him ! 
Happy birthday Nanna . You'd have been 60 today . It's hard to believe that it's been six years since you've been able to hold my hand and tell me everything is going to be alright . You know , sometimes when I'm feeling low , I can feel your arms around me . I miss you more than you can imagine . I love you forever . Until we meet again . 
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible . 
I miss the good ole days when I looked forward to the weekend ... 
Finally , a day off ! It's so nice outside today ! 
Gonna spend the day with < PROPFIRST > and might I say , it's about time ! 
I am determined to have a good day today . Scratch that ... A GREAT day ! Everyone should smile real big ! 
There is only one father and that is the Holy Father . There is only one race and that is the human race . 
Just saved a little turtle from becoming road kill . Gonna call him Donatello ! Brought him home in a box for my mom . :) 
We may not have it all together but together we have it all . 
Man I knew I'd need the Kleenex for this one , but twenty minutes into it and Grey's Anatomy already has me crying . 
Looks like the sun may make an appearance today . Unless that's an April Fool's joke . 
Ah , beautiful sunshine ! It's been so long ! 
Nearly everyone gets twitterpated in the springtime ! I love this movie ! 
Because of you I forgot the smart ways to lie . Because of you I'm runnin out of reasons to cry . 
If my friends started writing on my walls at home I probably wouldn't let them come back ; on Facebook however , it's pretty cool . 
