i just dyed my hair . 

trying to be okay . 
i found my lost brother and i was disappointed ... 
aim snowwhitecotton hit me up 
the bf is gone . I have too much homework and not enough fun . 
13 units . im really excited . 
i just bought a car . yay . 
happy birthday < PROPFIRST > !!! i love you ! 
Just dropped summer classes . I want to enjoy summer . 
my baby girl is feeling sick . && i'm so busy lately 
Misses racing off road with < PROPMALE > . 
Debating whether to work or stay in school , && note to self : when attempting to fly do not hug sap-covered trees . 
dying hair dark brown . 
going to go walk in the < PROPMALE > . 
my man's birthday tomorrow . 
stupid < PROPFEMALE > yard ruins my plans for < PROPFEMALE>'s bday present . 
sunlight is one of the most relevant images i could ever witness , goes to show i should not be conscious at night . 
i love all my classes . 
my sister's bday today , happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > . 
there is no way I'm going to pass my logic class . 
yeah i got my hair cut , it's insanely short . Bleh , not happy . 
Figured out the bonus question for logic . So happy for that . 
home from pumpkin patch 
Who wants to go with me on Saturday to the Walk to Prevent Suicide ? 
i love reorganizing my closet i get to fall in love with my old books all over again . 
this is the second time i've been attacked by a dog on this street . If you own a large vicious dog who wants to eat human please keep them on a leash or build a fence that they cannot jump over . 
I can't be holding on , \ 
To what you got , \ 
When all you got is hurt 
going to downtown chico tomorrow , maybe i'll see u ? 
it's a rare thing when reality becomes better than your dreams , waking up is hard to do and even more dangerous than dreaming . 
My baby's birthday is on the first !! Yay , so excited about her turning four ! 
going home to marysville ! 
to cope with heart ache ; stay busy . 
just got home . 
Today was a < PROPFEMALE > tale 
ive been uncontrollably happy for like the past week . :) 
What hurts the most\ 
Was being so close\ 
And havin ' so much to say\ 
And watchin ' you walk away 
Buddhism homework done :) time to clean . yay ... 
life is loving and letting go ... 
yeah , i love doing group projects by myself . 
it's all make believe , isn't it ? 
parents coming over soon . need inspiration .... 
I'm done . I'm walking away from this life . 
can't run home to mommy this time ... 
Leaving for Marysville . 
< PROPMALE > Wise tomorrow . :) 
enjoying a beautiful sunset . 
Daoism homework . :) ready for finals but I don't like saying goodbye to so many awesome classes . 
mothra , stay away from the porch light ! 
love the classic christmas movies . 
send me a message with a number , and i'll write you a confession and a favorite memory . 
#26 you've always intrigued me , my fav . memory of you was a dance we went to and us and the whole gang < PROPMALE > out the whole time , you are super sweet & so cute 
3785 you are the kind of friend i keep coming back to . we get to rekindle past happy times while making new ones . I think you are amazing . 
77 my favorite memory of you was when we were at my house and i took some pics of you . the way your eyes stand out < PROPFEMALE > much , and the way the sunlight made your hair shiny , i will always remember you that way , by red roses . I love you and miss you wayy too much . 
999 what can i say about you that you don't already know ? you were the core of my universe , you are someone i will be in love with for the rest of my life , you enter my mind everyday . my soul knew yours before i got to know you . There are no words , that are worthy of describing you , but i love you ... 
8 I love so many things about you . you are always a bright < PROPFIRST > of sunshine in my life . hmm out of so many my fav memory of you would be when i stayed the night at your house and we talked about boys :) 
24 idk where to begin . you have been a best friend to me for like thirteen years now and you are someone i love very much . A world without you isn't a world i want to live in . I wish we were closer . I love you . You will be my best friend forever . My fav memory of you was when we were camping and we went to the docks at night and were looking up at the stars . you will always be the boy i met on the hill . :) 
#567 my fav memory of you was in Ashland , we bounded so much , and became such great friends . I love your bubbly personality , and how you always say the funniest things . OH ! and the < PROPMALE > potter book launch . i love you sweetie . 
1687 : ive watched you grow up and its been amazing . you are a wonderful person and you hold a special place in my heart . You are like a little sister to me . I'll always be there for you and I hope that we stay sisters . My fav memory of you was when we went shopping and your brother's football practices . :) 
#42 , 000 ... Interesting number . you are one of my most elusive friends . we know each other very well for so long but there's a wierd distance between us . let's fix it . you are one of my favorite people and there's too many memories to put in this . favorite memory : us back stage :) 
this logic class will be the death of me . 
this logic book tried to defeat me . but i win :) 
giving up on certain people ... 
deep into the < PROPMALE > i go , hope i come out of it healed . 
i no longer believe in romantic love ... 
I'm back in Marysville txt me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
one day at a time .... 
do you want to come over .... and watch disney movies ? 
going to dye my hair dark again . 
omg love this movie . Whisper of the Heart . A Gibli Film . anyone seen it ? 
recycling is done . only took an hour this time :) 
school tomorrow :) 
going home to marysville til monday 
i love my little sister . < PROPFEMALE > , you are amazing , wonderful , and completely perfect to me . I love you ! Thanks for the song . 
