pro life pro god pro gun . american is a herritage not a word . 

the real measure of ones success is one that can not be spent , it is the way your child describes you while talking to friends . \ 
\ 
what we tell our children will fade what we show our children will stay . walk in the right path and ones child is sure to follow . 
i can have my way more often if i have more then one way . \ 
narrow mindedness kinda like organized religion , spreading hate , lies and the narrow mindedness to cast the first stone . \ 
im sure only god can do the judging of others and their believes . 
Now I know we said things , did things that we didn't mean\ 
And we fall back into the same patterns , same routine\ 
But your temper's just as bad as mine is\ 
You're the same as me\ 
But when it comes to love you're just as blinded\ 
Baby , please come back\ 
It wasn't you , baby it was me\ 
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems\ 
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano 
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though\ 
Come inside , pick up your bags off the sidewalk\ 
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk\ 
I told you this is my fault\ 
Look me in the eyeball\ 
Next time I'm pissed , I'll aim my fist at the drywall\ 
Next time . There won't be no next time\ 
I apologize even though I know its lies\ 
I'm tired of the games I just want her back\ 
I know I'm a liar 
PRIDE VS PROUD\ 
a prideful man will wonder the road and debate why he is not successful , a proud man has walked the wondering road waiting tile the end to see success . \ 
if you go through life blinded by pride and ego you will not proud at the end of your road . \ 
if you go through life accepting and changing your faults you will see success . 
FEAR THE GOVERNMENT THAT FEARS YOUR GUN ! \ 
why a government with nuclear weapons , tanks , missiles and endless soldiers care about what guns you own or how much ammo u buy . did we forget how this country was founded ? they will lead u to believe it was a union army , it was not , it was everyday men called the militia ! every day citizens that had enough , enough tax , poverty and tyranny . 
UNITED WE FALL , DIVIDED WE STAND . THE DIVIDED STATES OF EMBARRASSMENTour forefathers would be screaming revolution or change , we spit in there faces with every law passed . ill prob . be arrested for posting this for now i am a terrorist to the government ha ha 
no more games im a change what u call rage , im a tear this mother fucking roof off like like two dogs caged . i was playing in the beginning the mood done changed , ive been chewed up , spit out and booed off stage . best believe somebody paying the piped < PROPFEMALE > , all the pain inside amplify-ed by the fact i cant get by with my 9-5 and i cant provide the right type of life for my family ... 
PROP . 19\ 
pleas actually read the whole prop . before voting !! dont be what there hoping for ! a generation of uninformed and uneducated voters ! this prop . dose not legalize marijuana at all !! it decriminalizes it . there is a difference . in fact the true name of the prop . 19 ballot is the , the Regulate , Control and Tax Cannabis Act of 2010 . dose sound like any thing good ? 
prop . 19 will also support government grown budds , lowering the quality and driving up the price . marijuana has been and always be a subculture . never should you find marijuana at your local mini mart . it should be grown by people who use it and love for people who use it and love it . further more the federal government has made clear 
they will take a stand . they are going to < PROPFEMALE > everyday < PROPFIRST > as an example to the rest of us and other states if they cross the feds . weather you like it or not all you stupid fucks voted bush in and gave away all our rights for \terrorism\ " and now there is no separation of state and government . we are being taxed to death by a monarch government that will rule with an iron fist if we cross them . " 
its time to decide weather marijuana is a medical thing or if its a party thing . California has now fucked any and all claim to the medical validity of marijuana . we now need to decied to stand together and say this is our state and our people voted yes or we can stick with the state and federally provided medical marijuana program . 
80% of u stupid fucks only have there recommendation not there state card . today im embarrassed to be an american and most of all a Californian . 
vally of the < PROPFEMALE > . me and < PROPMALE > went out hiking in this area . right next to border . check out the video on my < PROPFEMALE > 
God made all men , Abraham < PROPMALE > made all men free , Samuel Colt made all men equal . 
why are people so ignorant ? they spew off personal believes and bias and try to claim it as fact !! fucking humans ! will people just stop listening to m.tv for there political and moral believes ! the next person that trys to tell me some lie about prop 19 and pass it as fact im gonig to smack !! 
hell yes son !! prop-19 did not pass , no-56% , yes-44% 
Show me a young Conservative and I'll show you someone with no heart . Show me an old Liberal and I'll show you someone with no brains . - < PROPMALE > Churchill ....... in other words ...... \If your not a liberal at 20 you're heartless 
thank u to all who wished me a happy b day . 
